Passage:
The Gruffalo (film)
The Gruffalo is a 2009 British-German short computer animated TV film based on the picture book written by Julia Donaldson and illustrated by Axel Scheffler.

Directed by Jakob Schuh and Max Lang, the film was produced by Michael Rose and Martin Pope of Magic Light Pictures, London, in association with the award winning Studio Soi in Ludwigsburg, Germany, who developed and created the film.

The cast includes Helena Bonham Carter, Rob Brydon, Robbie Coltrane, James Corden, John Hurt and Tom Wilkinson.

9.8 million people watched the UK premiere on BBC One, Friday 25 December 2009 and the film went on to receive both an Academy Award  
and a BAFTA nomination. 
It was screened in US theaters, distributed by Kidtoon Films.  In December 2012, the film and its sequel The Gruffalo's Child premiered on television in the United States on PBS Kids Sprout. 

Plot

A mother red squirrel tells a story to her son and daughter about a mouse who takes a walk through the woods in search of a nut. Encountering three predators who all wish to eat him - first a fox, then an owl, then a snake - the plucky mouse uses his wits to survive. He lies to each one that he is meeting a monster with terrible features (calling his imaginary creature a ‘Gruffalo’), says that its favourite food is whichever animal he is speaking to at the time, and that he is meeting the Gruffalo "right here". Each predator then panics and runs away.

Mouse is confident until he suddenly comes face to face with a real Gruffalo, exactly as he had described it. Mouse then says that everyone is afraid of him in the forest, asking the Gruffalo to follow him and see. As the two of them meet animals in the forest, the presence of the Gruffalo frightens them: The Gruffalo believes they are afraid of the mouse. Mouse's tummy rumbles and he says his favourite food is Gruffalo crumble, causing the Gruffalo to retreat in fear. Finally safe, he finds a nut, and can eat it in peace.

Cast

* Helena Bonham Carter as Mother Squirrel (Narrator)
* James Corden as Mouse
* Robbie Coltrane as The Gruffalo
* Tom Wilkinson as Fox
* John Hurt as Owl
* Rob Brydon as Snake
* Sam Lewis as First Little Squirrel
* Phoebe Givron-Taylor as Second Little Squirrel

Background and production

The Gruffalo, written by Julia Donaldson and illustrated by Axel Scheffler, was published in 1999 and has sold over 5 million copies worldwide.  In a BBC Radio 2 poll in 2009, the book was voted as the UK’s favourite bedtime story. The book has been adapted into a 27-minute animated film, which was broadcast on BBC One in the UK on 25 December 2009. This new version features Robbie Coltrane in the title role and James Corden as the mouse as well as Helena Bonham Carter as the mother squirrel narrator and Rob Brydon as the Snake. The production was animated at the award winning Studio Soi in Germany and produced through Magic Light Pictures. The film also has the voices of John Hurt as the Owl and Tom Wilkinson as the Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Film (Animated) on 25 January 2011. The film was also nominated for a BAFTA in 2010.

Reception

The film premiered on BBC One, Christmas Day 2009, watched by 9.8 million people, with The Daily Mirror hailing it as "a family classic for years to come". Review website Den of Geek described it as an "utterly charming piece of magic".  Paul Connolly of The Daily Mail called it "captivating".

The film has been broadcast across the world, including on ZDF in Germany. It premiered on United States television on 9 December 2010 on ABC Family during its 25 Days of Christmas programming block.  It also aired on YTV in Canada on 18 December 2011.

The Gruffalo has also been shown on Nick Jr in the UK and is distributed on DVD by Entertainment One. NCircle distribute the DVD in the USA, Phase 4 in Canada and Concorde in Germany.

A Scottish Gaelic version has also been produced, with the voice of the Gruffalo provided by Bill Paterson. An Gruffalo was first shown on BBC Alba on Christmas Eve 2010.

The film has also proved a hit with festival audiences around the world. On top of its Academy Award and BAFTA nominations it has also been awarded prizes at festivals including Annecy International Animation Festival (France), Anima Mundi (Brazil), The Broadcast Awards 2011 (UK), Cartoons on the Bay (Italy), Chicago International Children's Festival (Canada), CFC Worldwide Short Film Festival (Canada), Ottawa International Animation Festival (Canada), Prix Jeunesse (Germany), Sapporo Short Fest (Japan), Shanghai Television Festival (China) and Internationales Trick Film Festival (Germany). The Gruffalo was also nominated for the prestigious Cartoon d'or 2011.

Awards and Nominations

Sequel

The sequel to the Gruffalo, based on the follow-up to the picture book, was shown on BBC One on Christmas Day 2011.
Question:
In the 2009 film 'The Gruffalo', who voiced the 'Gruffalo'?
Answer:
Anthony R. McMillan
Passage:
Pinchbeck (alloy)
Pinchbeck is a form of brass, an alloy of copper and zinc, mixed in proportions so that it closely resembles gold in appearance. It was invented in the 18th century by Christopher Pinchbeck, a London clockmaker. Since gold was only sold in 18-carat quality at that time, the development of pinchbeck allowed ordinary people to buy gold 'effect' jewellery on a budget. The inventor allegedly made pinchbeck jewellery clearly labelled as such.  Pinchbeck jewellery was used in places like stagecoaches where there was a  risk of theft. Later dishonest jewellers passed pinchbeck off as gold; over the years it came to mean a cheap and tawdry imitation of gold.  

Pinchbeck typically comprises copper and zinc in ratios between 89% Cu, 11% Zn; and 93% Cu, 7% Zn.
Question:
Pinchbeck, a 1700s alloy of copper and zinc, was a popular alternative for?
Answer:
Gold compound
Passage:
Blood and Sand (1941 film)
Blood and Sand (1941) is a Technicolor film directed by Rouben Mamoulian, produced by 20th Century Fox, and starring Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Rita Hayworth, and Alla Nazimova. It is based on the critical 1908 Spanish novel about bullfighting, Blood and Sand (Sangre y arena), by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez.   The supporting cast features Anthony Quinn, Lynn Bari, Laird Cregar, J. Carrol Naish, John Carradine and George Reeves.

Rita Hayworth's singing voice was dubbed by Gracilla Pirraga.

There are two earlier versions of Blood and Sand, a 1922 version produced by Paramount Pictures, and starring Rudolph Valentino, and a 1916 version filmed by Blasco Ibáñez himself, with the help of Max André. There is also a 1989 version starring Christopher Rydell and Sharon Stone.

This film was the fourth and last in which Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell worked together, others were; Day-Time Wife (1939); Brigham Young (1940) and The Mark of Zorro (1940). 

Plot

As a child Juan Gallardo (Rex Downing – young boy) wants only to become a bullfighter like his dead father.  One night he has an argument with the pompous critic Natalio Curro (Laird Cregar) about his father's lack of talent in the bullring.  The argument spurs Juan to travel to Madrid and achieve his dreams of success in the bullring.  Before leaving he promises his aristocratic sweetheart Carmen Espinosa (Linda Darnell) he will return when he is a success and marry her.

Ten years later Juan Gallardo (Tyrone Power) returns to Seville. He has become a matador and uses his winnings from Madrid to help his impoverished family. He sets his mother (Alla Nazimova) up in a fine house and ends her existence as a scrubwoman. He lavishes money on his sister Encarnacion (Lynn Bari) and her fiancé Antonio (William Montague) so they can open a business and wed. He hires ex-bullfighter Garabato (J. Carrol Naish), who has become a beggar, as his servant. Best of all he is now able to marry his childhood sweetheart Carmen (Linda Darnell) as he had promised.

Juan's wealth and fame continue to grow along with his talents as a bullfighter. Eventually he becomes Spain's most famous and acclaimed matador. Even the once scornful critic Curro now lavishes praises upon Juan and brags that it was he who discovered Juan's talent. Although Juan remains illiterate, doors open to society and he catches the eye of sultry socialite Doña Sol des Muire (Rita Hayworth) at one of his bullfights. His mother attempts to warn Juan that if not careful he will, like his father, end up on a path to destruction but Juan refuses to believe her.

Juan is blinded by the attention his fame has brought and Doña Sol finds it easy to lead him astray. He soon begins to neglect wife, family and training in favor of her privileged and decadent lifestyle. His performance in the bullring suffers from his excesses and he soon falls from his great heights as the premiere matador of Spain. With the loss of fame comes rejection by everyone who was once important to him. Even Carmen casts him off after she learns of his affair. With his fame now gone Doña Sol moves on to new up and coming matador Manolo de Palma (Anthony Quinn), Juan's childhood friend.

After losing everything a repentant Juan begs for forgiveness and is taken back by Carmen. He vows to change but first he must have one final bullfight to prove he is still a great matador. His prayers for one last success, however, are not answered and like his father before him he is gored by the bull. Garabato angrily says the "beast" is the crowd, not the bull. Juan dies in the arms of Carmen as the crowd cheers for Manolo's victory over the bull. Manolo bows to the fickle crowd near the stain of blood left in the sand by Juan.

Main cast and characters

Production

Over thirty actresses were considered for the role of Doña Sol, including Gene Tierney and Dorothy Lamour. After Zanuck's original choice, Carole Landis, refused to dye her hair red for the role, Rita Hayworth was cast.
Rouben Mamoulian's sets were inspired by the works of painters El Greco, Goya and Velázquez. During shooting he carried paint spray guns in order to be able to alter the color of props at a moment's notice. He also painted shadows onto walls rather than changing the lighting. The film's exterior long shots were filmed in the Plaza de Toros in Mexico City and Mexican bullfighter Carlos Arruza served as the film's technical director.
Unlike most films, Blood and Sand was not previewed, but premiered uncut at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in May 1941. 

Parodies

*In the same year 1941, the Mexican comedian Cantinflas launched Ni sangre ni arena ("Neither blood nor sand") also about bullfighting. 
*Inspired by Blood and Sands popularity The Three Stooges released a short titled "What's the Matador?" 11 months later, with no story connection except bullfighting.

Awards

The film won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography. It was also nominated for Best Art Direction (Richard Day, Joseph C. Wright and Thomas Little). 

Reviews

*[http://movies2.nytimes.com/mem/movies/review.html?_r1&title1
Blood%20and%20Sand&title2&reviewer
T%2e%20S%2e&pdate19410523&v_id
6089&oref=slogin New York Times review].
*[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,795365,00.html Time magazine review].
*[http://www.variety.com/review/VE1117789361.html?categoryid31&cs
1&query=blood+and+sand Variety review].
*[http://www.timeout.com/film/68036.html Time Out London review].
*[http://www.answers.com/topic/blood-and-sand-film-2 Answers.com review].
Question:
"Which film actor (1895-1926) is known for his films ""The Four Horsemen"", ""The Sheik"" and ""Blood And Sand""?"
Answer:
Rudolph Valentino
Passage:
Styx
In Greek mythology, Styx (; ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler). The rivers Styx, Phlegethon, Acheron, Lethe, and Cocytus all converge at the center of the underworld on a great marsh, which sometimes is also called the Styx. According to Herodotus, the river Styx originates near Feneos.  Styx is also a goddess with prehistoric roots in Greek mythology as a daughter of Tethys, after whom the river is named and because of whom it had miraculous powers.

Significance of the River Styx

The deities were bound by the Styx and swore oaths upon Styx. According to classical myths, the reason related for this is that during the Titan war, Styx, the goddess of the river Styx, sided with Zeus. After the war, Zeus promised every oath be sworn upon her.  Zeus swore to give Semele whatever she wanted and was then obliged to follow through when he realized to his horror that her request would lead to her death. Helios similarly promised his son Phaëton whatever he desired, also resulting in the boy's death. Myths related to such early deities did not survive long enough to be included in historic records, but tantalizing references exist among those that have been discovered.

According to some versions, Styx had miraculous powers and could make someone invulnerable. According to one tradition, Achilles was dipped in the waters of the river by his mother during his childhood, acquiring invulnerability, with exception of his heel, by which his mother held him. The only spot where Achilles was vulnerable was his heel, where he was struck and killed by Paris' arrow in the Trojan War. This is the source of the expression Achilles' heel, a metaphor for a vulnerable spot.

Styx was primarily a feature in the afterworld of classical Greek mythology, similar to the Christian area of Hell in texts such as The Divine Comedy and Paradise Lost. The ferryman Charon often is described in contemporary literature as having transported the souls of the newly dead across this river into the underworld, although in the original Greek and Roman sources, as well as in Dante, it was the river Acheron that Charon plied. Dante put Phlegyas as ferryman over the Styx and made it the fifth circle of Hell, where the wrathful and sullen are punished by being drowned in the muddy waters for eternity, with the wrathful fighting each other. In ancient times some believed that placing a coin (Charon's obol) in the mouth  of the deceased would pay the toll for the ferry to cross the Acheron River, which would lead one to the entrance of the underworld. If someone could not pay the fee it was said that they would never be able to cross the river. This ritual was performed by the relatives.

The variant spelling Stix was sometimes used in translations of Classical Greek before the twentieth century.  By metonymy, the adjective stygian came to refer to anything dark, dismal, and murky.

Goddess

Styx was the name of the daughter of Tethys and Oceanus, the goddess of the River Styx. In classical myths, her husband was Pallas and she gave birth to Zelus, Nike, Kratos, and Bia (and sometimes Eos). In those myths, Styx supported Zeus in the Titanomachy, where she was said to be the first to rush to his aid and for this reason her name was given the honor of being a binding oath for the deities. Knowledge of whether this was the original reason for the tradition did not survive into historical records following the religious transition that led to the pantheon of the classical era.

Science

As of 2 July 2013, Styx officially became the name of one of Pluto's moons.  The other moons (Charon, Nix, Hydra, and Kerberos) also have names from Greco-Roman mythology related to the underworld.
Question:
Who retained a weakness where held and dipped by his mother into the river Styx to make him immortal?
Answer:
Αχιλλέας
Passage:
Amniotic fluid
The amniotic fluid, commonly called a pregnant woman's water or waters (Latin liquor amnii), is the protective liquid contained by the amniotic sac of a pregnant female.

Development

Amniotic fluid is present from the formation of the gestational sac. Amniotic fluid is present in the amniotic sac. It is generated from maternal plasma, and passes through the fetal membranes by osmotic and hydrostatic forces. When fetal kidneys begin to function in about week 16, fetal urine also contributes to the fluid.

The fluid is absorbed through the fetal tissue and skin. After the 20th-25th week of pregnancy when the keratinization of an embryo's skin occurs, the fluid is primarily absorbed by the fetal gut.

Contents

At first, amniotic fluid is mainly water with electrolytes, but by about the 12-14th week the liquid also contains proteins, carbohydrates, lipids and phospholipids, and urea, all of which aid in the growth of the fetus.

Volume

The volume of amniotic fluid increases with the growth of fetus. From the 10th to the 20th week it increases from 25ml to 400ml approximately. Approximately in the 10th week the breathing and swallowing of the fetus slightly decrease the amount of fluid, but neither urination nor swallowing contributes significantly to fluid quantity changes, until the 25th week, when keratinization of skin is complete. Then the relationship between fluid and fetal growth stops. It reaches a plateau of 800ml by the 28 week gestational age. The amount of fluid declines to roughly 400 ml at 42 weeks.  There is about 1L of amniotic fluid at birth.

Rupture of membranes

The forewaters are released when the amnion ruptures.  This is commonly known as the time when a woman's "water breaks". When this occurs during labour at term, it is known as "spontaneous rupture of membranes". If the rupture precedes labour at term, however, it is referred to as "premature rupture of membranes". The majority of the hindwaters remain inside the womb until the baby is born. Artificial rupture of membrane (ARM), a manual rupture of the amniotic sac, can also be performed to release the fluid if the amnion has not spontaneously ruptured. 

Function

Swallowed amniotic fluid creates urine and contributes to the formation of meconium. Amniotic fluid protects the developing baby by cushioning against blows to the mother's abdomen, allowing for easier fetal movement and promoting muscular/skeletal development. Amniotic fluid swallowed by the fetus helps in the formation of the gastrointestinal tract. Contrary to popular belief, amniotic fluid has not been conclusively shown to be inhaled and exhaled by the fetus. In fact, studies from the 1970s show that in a healthy fetus, there is no inward flow of amniotic fluid into the airway.  Instead, lung development occurs as a result of the production of fetal lung fluid which expands the lungs.

Clinical significance

Analysis

Analysis of amniotic fluid, drawn out of the mother's abdomen in an amniocentesis procedure, can reveal many aspects of the baby's genetic health. This is because the fluid also contains fetal cells, which can be examined for genetic defects.

Amniotic fluid normally has a pH of 7.0 to 7.5.  Because pH in the upper vagina is normally acidic (pH 3.8-4.5), a vaginal pH test showing a pH of more than 4.5 strengthens a suspicion of rupture of membranes in case of clear vaginal discharge in pregnancy. Other tests for detecting amniotic fluid mainly include nitrazine paper test and fern test. 

Complications related to amniotic fluid

Too little amniotic fluid (oligohydramnios) can be a cause or an indicator of problems for the mother and baby. The majority of pregnancies proceed normally and the baby is born healthy, but this isn't always the case. Babies with too little amniotic fluid can develop contractures of the limbs, clubbing of the feet and hands, and also develop a life-threatening condition called hypoplastic lungs. If a baby is born with hypoplastic lungs, which are small underdeveloped lungs, this condition is potentially fatal and the baby can die shortly after birth due to inadequate oxygenation. Potter sequence refers to a constellation of findings related to insufficient amniotic fluid and includes shortened and malformed limbs with clubbed feet and the underdeveloped lungs that can lead to perinatal death.

On every prenatal visit, the obstetrician/gynaecologist or midwife should measure the patient's fundal height with a tape measure. It is important that the fundal height be measured and properly recorded to track proper fetal growth and the increasing development of amniotic fluid. The obstetrician/gynaecologist or midwife should also routinely ultrasound the patient—this procedure will also give an indication of proper fetal growth and amniotic fluid development. Oligohydramnios can be caused by infection, kidney dysfunction or malformation (since much of the late amniotic fluid volume is urine), procedures such as chorionic villus sampling (CVS), and preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Oligohydramnios can sometimes be treated with bed rest, oral and intravenous hydration, antibiotics, steroids, and amnioinfusion. It is also important to keep the baby warm and moist.

The opposite of oligohydramnios is polyhydramnios, an excess volume of amniotic fluid in the amniotic sac.

A rare but very often fatal condition (fatal for both mother and child) connected with amniotic fluid is amniotic fluid embolism.

Stem cell research

Recent studies show that amniotic fluid contains a considerable quantity of stem cells.  These amniotic stem cells   are pluripotent and able to differentiate into various tissues, which may be useful for future human application.    Some researchers have found that amniotic fluid is also a plentiful source of non-embryonic stem cells.  These cells have demonstrated the ability to differentiate into a number of different cell-types, including brain, liver and bone.

It is possible to conserve the stem cells extracted from amniotic fluid in private stem cells banks. Some private companies offer this service for a fee.
Question:
'Liquor amnii' is normally found in?
Answer:
Fetation
Passage:
Cuban presidential election, 2008
An indirect presidential election was held in Cuba on 24 February 2008, in which the National Assembly of People's Power elected a new President of Cuba and the members of the Council of State. The election followed the January 2008 parliamentary election. In the election, Raúl Castro, who had been Acting President since July 2006, was elected as President, succeeding his brother, Fidel Castro.

It was initially considered  uncertain whether the ailing 81-year-old Fidel Castro would be elected for another term as President of the Council of State or acting president Raúl Castro would formally assume the presidency,  but on 19 February Fidel Castro said that he would not seek another term because his physical condition would not allow him to properly carry out the duties of the office. 

Raúl Castro, aged 76, was elected as President of the Council of State and the Council of Ministers by a unanimous vote of the National Assembly[http://granma.cu/ingles/2008/febrero/vier29/09vota-i.html "Results of Council of State elections"], Granma.cu, February 29, 2008. (on a ballot with only his name for the position ) on 24 February 2008.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7261204.stm "Raul Castro named Cuban president"], BBC News, 24 February 2008. José Ramón Machado Ventura, at age 77, was elected as First Vice-President of the Council of State and the Council of Ministers,[http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/21368B3A-D1FD-4DCF-BF78-88685266D7B1.htm "Raul Castro named Cuban president"], Al Jazeera, 24 February 2008. contrary to speculation that someone younger would be chosen for the post. Raúl emphasized that his brother remained "Commander in Chief of the Cuban Revolution", and the National Assembly voted to permit Raúl to consult with Fidel on important issues.

600 deputiess chose to cast united votes for all Council of State candidates, while nine deputies cast selective votes. Castro was elected with a unanimous vote of 609 deputies, while Machado received 601 votes. Juan Almeida Bosque, Abelardo Colomé Ibarra, Carlos Lage Dávila, Esteban Lazo Hernández, and Julio Casas Regueiro were elected as Vice-Presidents of the Council of State, all receiving 608 votes except for Lage, who received 609. José Miyar Barruecos was elected as Secretary of the Council of State with 608 votes. 23 other members of the Council of State were elected:

*José Ramón Balaguer Cabrera (608 votes)
*Iris Betancourt Téllez (609 votes)
*Roberto Fernández Retamar (609 votes)
*Luis Herrera Martínez (608 votes)
*Orlando Lugo Fonte (608 votes)
*Felipe Pérez Roque (609 votes)
*Pedro Sáez Montejo (609 votes)
*Ramiro Valdés Menéndez (608 votes)
*Francisco Soberón Valdés (608 votes)
*Carlos Valenciaga Díaz (609 votes)
*Surina Acosta Brook (609 votes)
*Regla Dayamí Armenteros Mesa (609 votes)
*Leopoldo Cintra Frías (609 votes)
*Inés María Chapman Waugh (609 votes)
*María del Carmen Concepción González (608 votes)
*María Yolanda Ferrer Gómez (609 votes)
*Guillermo García Frías (608 votes)
*Tania León Silveira (609 votes)
*Álvaro López Miera (608 votes)
*Julio Martínez Ramírez (609 votes)
*Dignora Montano Perdomo (609 votes)
*Juan José Rabilero Fonseca (606 votes)
*Salvador Valdés Mesa (609 votes)
Question:
Who was elected President of Cuba in February 2008?
Answer:
Raul Modesto Castro Ruz
Passage:
Chemical Elements.com - Vanadium (V)
Chemical Elements.com - Vanadium (V)
From the University of New South Wales
If you know of any other links for Vanadium, please let me know
Bentor, Yinon. Chemical Element.com - Vanadium.
<http://www.chemicalelements.com/elements/v.html>.
For more information about citing online sources, please visit the MLA's Website .
This page was created by Yinon Bentor.
Use of this web site is restricted by this site's license    agreement .
Copyright © 1996-2012 Yinon Bentor. All Rights Reserved.
Question:
Which element has the chemical symbol 'V'?
Answer:
Vanadium compounds
Passage:
Coral island
A coral island is a type of island formed from coral detritus and associated organic material.  They occur in tropical and sub-tropical areas, typically as part of coral reefs which have grown to cover a far larger area under the sea.

Formation

Islands develop from coral reefs through one of two processes, uplift and accretion.

In uplift, part or all of the coral reef becomes land as a result of the earth's crust rising above sea level.

In accretion, rocks and sand are layered on top of coral reefs during cyclonic storms, and the gradual accumulation of other solid material through the action of wind and waves leads to the development of the island.  The process is later enhanced with the remains of plant life which grows on the island.

Where coral islands form from atoll reefs, the result is an island or string of islands in a roughly circular form, surrounding a shallow lagoon.

Distribution

Most of the world's coral islands are in the Pacific Ocean. The American territories of Jarvis, Baker and Howland Islands are clear examples of coral islands. Also, some of the islands belonging to Kiribati are considered coral islands. The Maldives also consist of coral islands.
Coral islands are also located near Pattaya and Koh Samui, Thailand.
Many coral islands are small and not high above sea level, so are at threat from cyclones, storms and rising sea levels.
Question:
What is the technical term for a coral island consisting of a reef surrounding a lagoon?
Answer:
Atoll (disambiguation)
Passage:
Wavefront
In physics, a wavefront is the locus of points characterized by propagation of position of the same phase: a propagation of a line in 1d, a curve in 2d or a surface for a wave in 3d.  Since infrared, optical, x-ray and gamma-ray frequencies are so high, the temporal component of electromagnetic waves is usually ignored at these wavelengths, and it is only the phase of the spatial oscillation that is described. Additionally, most optical systems and detectors are indifferent to polarization, so this property of the wave is also usually ignored. At radio wavelengths, the polarization becomes more important, and receivers are usually phase-sensitive. Many audio detectors are also phase-sensitive.

Simple wavefronts and propagation

Optical systems can be described with Maxwell's equations, and linear propagating waves such as sound or electron beams have similar wave equations. However, given the above simplifications, Huygens' principle provides a quick method to predict the propagation of a wavefront through, for example, free space. The construction is as follows: Let every point on the wavefront be considered a new point source. By calculating the total effect from every point source, the resulting field at new points can be computed. Computational algorithms are often based on this approach. Specific cases for simple wavefronts can be computed directly. For example, a spherical wavefront will remain spherical as the energy of the wave is carried away equally in all directions. Such directions of energy flow, which are always perpendicular to the wavefront, are called rays creating multiple wavefronts. 

The simplest form of a wavefront is the plane wave, where the rays are parallel to one another. The light from this type of wave is referred to as collimated light. The plane wavefront is a good model for a surface-section of a very large spherical wavefront; for instance, sunlight strikes the earth with a spherical wavefront that has a radius of about 150 million kilometers (1 AU). For many purposes, such a wavefront can be considered planar.

Wavefront aberrations

Methods utilizing wavefront measurements or predictions can be considered an advanced approach to lens optics, where a single focal distance may not exist due to lens thickness or imperfections. Note also that for manufacturing reasons, a perfect lens has a spherical (or toroidal) surface shape though, theoretically, the ideal surface would be aspheric. Shortcomings such as these in an optical system cause what are called optical aberrations. The best-known aberrations include spherical aberration and coma. 
 
However there may be more complex sources of aberrations such as in a large telescope due to spatial variations in the index of refraction of the atmosphere. The deviation of a wavefront in an optical system from a desired perfect planar wavefront is called the wavefront aberration. Wavefront aberrations are usually described as either a sampled image or a collection of two-dimensional polynomial terms. Minimization of these aberrations is considered desirable for many applications in optical systems.

Wavefront sensor and reconstruction techniques

A wavefront sensor is a device which measures the wavefront aberration in a coherent signal to describe the optical quality or lack thereof in an optical system. A very common method is to use a Shack-Hartmann lenslet array. There are many applications that include adaptive optics, optical metrology and even the measurement of the aberrations in the eye itself. In this approach, a weak laser source is directed into the eye and the reflection off the retina is sampled and processed.

Alternative wavefront sensing techniques to the Shack-Hartmann system are emerging. Mathematical techniques like phase imaging or curvature sensing are also capable of providing wavefront estimations. These algorithms compute wavefront images from conventional brightfield images at different focal planes without the need for specialised wavefront optics. While Shack-Hartmann lenslet arrays are limited in lateral resolution to the size of the lenslet array, techniques such as these are only limited by the resolution of digital images used to compute the wavefront measurements.

Another application of software reconstruction of the phase is the control of telescopes through the use of adaptive optics. A common method is the Roddier test, also called wavefront curvature sensing. It yields good correction, but needs an already good system as a starting point.
Question:
What is the term for the change in direction of a wavefront at an interface between two different media so that the wavefront returns into the medium from which it originated, common examples of which include the behaviour of light, sound and water waves?
Answer:
Reflection (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things
The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things is a painting attributed to a follower of Hieronymus Bosch, completed around 1500 or later. Since 1898 its authenticity has been questioned several times. The Bosch Research Conservation Project confirmed it to be by a follower. The painting is oil on wooden panels and is presented in a series of circular images.

Four small circles, detailing the four last things — "Death of the Sinner", "Judgment", "Hell" and "Glory" — surround a larger circle in which the seven deadly sins are depicted: wrath at the bottom, then (proceeding counter-clockwise) envy, greed, gluttony, sloth, extravagance (later replaced with lust), and pride, using scenes from life rather than allegorical representations of the sins.

At the centre of the large circle, which is said to represent the eye of God, is a "pupil" in which Christ can be seen emerging from his tomb. Below this image is the Latin inscription Cave Cave Deus Videt ("Beware, Beware, God Sees").

Above and below the central image are inscription in Latin of Deuteronomy 32:28–29, containing the lines "For they are a nation void of counsel, neither is there any understanding in them", above, and "O that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end!" below.

Disputed authorship

In 1560 Felipe de Guevara wrote about a pupil of Bosch, an unnamed discipulo, who was as good as his master and even signed his works with his master's name.  Immediately after this, and without starting a new paragraph,  Guevara refers to the painting of the Seven Deadly Sins as characteristic of his style. This led some scholars, as early as Dollmayr (1898) and most vocally Stechow (1966), to ascribe the work to this pupil. Most experts have argued since, however, in spite of the context, that Guevara had returned to a description of the works of Bosch himself. For a considerable time, therefore, the painting was considered to be a work from Bosch's early period. The attribution to the discipulo was revived in the catalogue of the 2001 Bosch exhibition in Rotterdam), by Vermet and Vandenbroeck, who also suggested that several of the costumes suggest a much later date, around 1500, so that the awkward drawing and execution cannot be attributed to youthful imperfection. They also noted that the painting is not on oak, adding to their doubts about the attribution to Bosch.  

Historian Ed Hoffman in 2005 concluded that the amateurish style, the plump figures, the lack of white highlights and the fact that the wooden panel is not oak but poplar or cypress, argued for the work being a copy, perhaps ordered by Philip II of Spain after the original had been damaged. An argument for the authenticity, or at least originality, of the work could be found in the pentimenti of the underpainting, which indicate it could not have been a simple faithful reproduction. 

In October 2015, the Bosch Research and Conservation Project,  which had been responsible, since 2007, for technical research on most of Bosch's paintings, confirmed that they had rejected the attribution to Bosch and that they considered it to be made by a follower, most likely the discipulo.  In a reaction, the Prado Museum stated that they still consider the piece to be authentic. 

Content

Each panel in the outer circle depicts a different sin. Clockwise from top (Latin names in brackets):

1. Gluttony (gula): A drunkard swigs from a bottle while a fat man eats greedily, not heeding the plea of his equally obese young son.
2. Sloth (accidia): A lazy man dozes in front of the fireplace while Faith appears to him in a dream, in the guise of a nun, to remind him to say his prayers.
3. Lust (luxuria): Two couples enjoy a picnic in a pink tent, with two clowns (right) to entertain them.
4. Pride (superbia): With her back to the viewer, a woman looks at her reflection in a mirror held up by a demon.
5. Wrath (ira): A woman attempts to break up a fight between two drunken peasants.
6. Envy (invidia): A couple standing in their doorway cast envious looks at a rich man with a hawk on his wrist and a servant to carry his heavy load for him, while their daughter flirts with a man standing outside her window, with her eye on the well-filled purse at his waist. The dogs illustrate the Flemish saying, “Two dogs and only one bone, no agreement”.
7. Avarice or greed (avaricia): A crooked judge pretends to listen sympathetically to the case presented by one party to a lawsuit, while slyly accepting a bribe from the other party.

The four small circles also have details. In Death of the Sinner, death is shown at the doorstep along with an angel and a demon while the priest says the sinner's last rites, In Glory, the saved are entering Heaven, with Jesus and the saints, at the gate of Heaven an Angel prevents a demon from ensnaring a woman. Saint Peter is shown as the gatekeeper. In Judgment, Christ is shown in glory while angels awake the dead, while in the Hell demons torment sinners according to their sins.

Details

Seven Deadly Sins

Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Gula).jpg|Gluttony (Gula)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Accidia).jpg|Sloth (Accidia)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Luxuria).jpg|Lust (Luxuria)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Superbia).jpg|Pride (Superbia)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Ira).jpg|Wrath (Ira)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Invidia).jpg|Envy (Invidia)
Jheronimus Bosch Table of the Mortal Sins (Avaricia).jpg|Greed (Avaricia)

Four Last Things

Jheronimus Bosch 4 last things (death).jpg| “Death of a sinner”, angel and devil weigh a man's soul
Hieronymus Bosch - The Seven Deadly Sins (detail) - WGA2501.jpg|“Hell” and the punishment of the seven deadly sins. 
Jheronimus Bosch 4 last things (Paradise).jpg|“Glory” or Heaven
Jheronimus Bosch 4 last things (Last Judgment).jpg|“Last Judgment”
Question:
Which Dutch artist painted 'The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things' in approximately 1500?
Answer:
Jerome from Aachen
Passage:
Mandalay (poem)
"Mandalay" is a poem by Rudyard Kipling that was first published in the collection Barrack-Room Ballads, and Other Verses, the first series, published in 1892. The poem colourfully illustrates the nostalgia and longing of a soldier of the British Empire for Asia's exoticism, and generally for the countries and cultures located "East of Suez", as compared to the cold, damp and foggy climates and to the social disciplines and conventions of the UK and Northern Europe.

Background to the poem

The Mandalay referred to in this poem was the sometime capital city of Burma, which was a British protectorate from 1885 to 1948. It mentions the "old Moulmein pagoda", Moulmein being the Anglicised version of present-day Mawlamyine, in South eastern Burma, on the eastern shore of the Gulf of Martaban.

The British troops stationed in Burma were taken up (or down) the Irrawaddy River by paddle steamers run by the Irrawaddy Flotilla Company (IFC). Rangoon to Mandalay was a 700 km trip each way. During the Third Anglo-Burmese War of 1885 9,000 British and Indian soldiers had been transported by a fleet of paddle steamers ("the old flotilla" of the poem) and other boats from Rangoon to Mandalay. Guerrilla warfare followed the occupation of Mandalay and British regiments remained in Burma for several years.

Rudyard Kipling's poem "Mandalay" was written in March or April 1890, when the British poet was 24 years old. He had arrived in England in October the previous year, after seven years in India. He had taken an eastward route home, traveling by steamship from Calcutta to Japan, then to San Francisco, then across the United States, in company with his friends Alex and "Ted" (Edmonia) Hill. Rangoon had been the first port of call after Calcutta; then there was an unscheduled stop at Moulmein. It is plain that Kipling was struck by the beauty of the Burmese girls. He wrote at the time:

Kipling claimed that when in Moulmein, he had paid no attention to the pagoda his poem later made famous, because he was so struck by a Burmese beauty on the steps. The attraction seems to have been common among the English: Maung Htin Aung, in his essay on George Orwell's Burmese Days (those days that produced the novel Burmese Days) notes: "Even that proud conqueror of Ava, Lord Dufferin, although he was received with dark looks by the Burmese during his state visit to Mandalay early in 1886, wrote back to a friend in England, extolling the grace, charm and freedom of Burmese women."

In popular culture

The poem is quoted in the 1992 movie The Last of His Tribe.  During a campfire, Dr. Saxton Pope, played by David Ogden Stiers, gives expression to most of the poem in dramatic fashion. 

In The Wizard of Oz, the Cowardly Lion quotes Mandalay during his famous "Courage" speech.  "What makes the dawn come up like THUNDER?! – Courage."  

In Noël Coward's 1950 musical Ace of Clubs, Harry, a sailor knowing every world's port, confesses in his song, I like America, that he'd "exploded the myth / Of those Flying Fith / On the Road to Mandalay."  

A sung rendition of the poem is performed in an episode of Rumpole of the Bailey, "Rumpole and the Show Folk". 

Two parodic quotes ("it takes a heap of loving" and "on the road to where the flying fishes play") appear in a nonsense poem, "A Few Lines", written by Groucho Marx for Animal Crackers.  

Songs

Kipling's text was adapted for the song "On the Road to Mandalay" by Oley Speaks (among others) and popularised by Peter Dawson.  Arranged and conducted by Billy May it appears in Frank Sinatra's album Come Fly with Me with only first, second and last verse of the poem, with the chorus; although singers sometimes omit the second verse. Kipling's daughter and heiress objected to this version, which had altered Kipling's Burma girl into a Burma broad, the man, who east of Suez can raise a thirst, into a cat and the following temple-bells into crazy bells.  When the album was initially released in the UK, the song "French Foreign Legion" replaced "Mandalay", whilst apparently the song "Chicago" (and "It Happened in Monterey" on some pressings) were used in other parts of the British Commonwealth. Sinatra sang the song in Australia, in 1959, and relayed the story of the Kipling family objection to the song.  In 2008, in the Family Guy episode Tales of a Third Grade Nothing, Frank Sinatra Jr. and Seth MacFarlane spoofed the song.

Peter Bellamy set the poem to the tune of Ten Thousand Miles Away for his album "Barrack Room Ballads".

There is also a song of Russian singer Vera Matveeva "On the road to Mandalay" translated by E. Polonskaya.

A Danish translation by Karl Friis Møller became popular in Denmark in 1961 where it was performed by the quartet Four Jacks.

Bertolt Brecht referred to Kipling′s poem in his "Mandalay Song", which was set to music by Kurt Weill for "Happy End" and "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny".

"Blackmore's Night" has a song called "Way to Mandalay".
Question:
Which river was immortalised by Rudyard Kipling as 'The Road to Mandalay'?
Answer:
IRRAWADDY
Passage:
River Lee
The River Lee (Irish: An Laoi) is a river in Ireland.  It rises in the Shehy Mountains on the western border of County Cork and flows eastwards through Cork, where it splits in two for a short distance, creating an island on which Cork's city centre is built, and empties into the Celtic Sea at Cork Harbour on the south coast, one of the largest natural harbours in the world.  The catchment area of the River Lee is 1,253 km2. 
The long-term average flow rate of the River Lee is 40.4 Cubic Metres per second (m3/s)

A hydro-electric scheme was built on the river, upstream from Cork City, and this part of the river now contains the Carrigadrohid and Inniscarra reservoirs. The river is crossed by 42 bridges, 29 of which are in Cork City, and one tunnel. The river also provides an 8 km stretch of salmon fishing.

Description

Sources

The River Lee has its source in the Shehy Mountains near Gougane Barra, where there is a forest park, chapel, hotel, and shop.

Course

The Lee flows from the lake of Gougane Barra as a fast paced torrent, but by the town of Ballingeary it eases and flows into Lough Allua.  Departing the lough, running east, it again becomes a rapid flow before running into the Inniscarra reservoir created by Inniscarra Dam.  Moving on, it flows down from the dam, in normal conditions a gentle river until it comes to Ballincollig Weir in Ballincollig Park; here it is dangerous to swimmers when in high water. The Lee then flows into the city under Inniscarra Bridge and flows parallel to the Carrigrohane road.  Along this section gauges monitor the water levels from the Inniscarra Dam.  The river flows over the Lee weir and then is split into the north and south channel at a sluice (it historically occupied the city area in a maze of channels).  This area is popular for recreation, kayaking and fishing.  The two channels join again at the Cork docks and enter the extensive estuary and harbour, south of Glanmire, passing either side of Great Island (Cobh lies on the south coast) to fill the outer harbour, and reaching the open sea between Whitegate and Crosshaven.

Tributaries

The upper tributaries of the Lee include the large Sullane River from near Ballyvourney (tributaries include the Foherish and Laney Rivers), the small Buinea and Glashagariff Rivers, the River Dripsey and its tributary the Ryelane, the River Bride from Crookstown via Ovens, and the Shournagh River (formed from the Blarney and Martin Rivers, and the Owennagearagh River; historically may have been the Awbeg River).  City area tributaries include the combined Maglin (from Ballincollig) and Curraheen (occasionally Curragheen) Rivers, capturing the Glasheen River also and joining at the western end of the UCC complex, and the Kiln River which joins by the Christy Ring Bridge in the city centre, a little west of St. Patrick's Bridge  (formed in turn from another Bride River and the Kilnap or Glennamought River, later joined by the Glen River).  Estuarine tributaries include Glashaboy River, passing Glanmire (main tributaries the Black Brook, Cloghnageshee River and Butterstown River), the Douglas or Tramore River (joined by the Trabeg River as it flows into the Douglas Channel, its estuary) which drains parts of the southern city, Owennacurra River (joined by the Dungurney River at Midleton), and the Owenaboy River almost at the final mouth of the outer Lee estuary (the Liberty Stream joins this river, with significant flows from Cork Airport). 

Recreation

Recreation activities on the Lee include sailing, from a sailing club based on Inniscarra lake, where people also swim.  There is a kayak club based on the Lee Road. Water skiing also takes place on Inniscarra lake and several rowing clubs are based on the Lee including the "Lee Rowing Club" and "Shandon Boat Club". Anglers are common at the banks of the Lee Fields.

Flooding

Tidal considerations, combined with low-lying urban developments, and later dam management contribute to repeated flooding events on the Lee.     For example, specific streets in Cork city centre have been affected by floods more than 100 times since the mid-19th century. 

In late 2009 the river flooded, causing some of the most significant damage in Cork city for a number of centuries. The Lee Water Station was forced to shut down after being submerged under six metres of water, and resulted in 40% of Cork City (50,000 people) being without running water for over one week. 
 

University College Cork was also flooded extensively, resulting in lectures being canceled throughout the week.  There was severe damage to the university's then newly built IT building, the Western Gateway Building, situated next to the river, with a 300-seat auditorium flooded to near ceiling height. 

To prevent issues upstream, the ESB made a controversial decision to release water from the Inniscarra hydro-electric dam. This released 535 tonnes of water per second into the already flooded river, raising the flood to 1.5 metres in parts of the city centre. The ESB insisted this was an essential move, and if water had not been released, the flooding would have been much worse.
Question:
The river Lee enters the sea at which Irish port?
Answer:
Cork (disambiguation)
Passage:
Peptide hormone
Peptide hormones and protein hormones are hormones whose molecules are peptides or proteins, respectively. The latter have longer amino acid chain lengths than the former. These hormones have an effect on the endocrine system of animals, including humans.  Most hormones can be classified as either amino acid–based hormones (amine, peptide, or protein) or steroid hormones. The former are water-soluble and act on the surface of target cells via second messengers; the latter, being lipid-soluble, move through the plasma membranes of target cells (both cytoplasmic and nuclear) to act within their nuclei. 

Like all peptides and proteins, peptide hormones and protein hormones are synthesized in cells from amino acids according to mRNA transcripts, which are synthesized from DNA templates inside the cell nucleus. Preprohormones, peptide hormone precursors, are then processed in several stages, typically in the endoplasmic reticulum, including removal of the N-terminal signal sequence and sometimes glycosylation, resulting in prohormones. The prohormones are then packaged into membrane-bound secretory vesicles, which can be secreted from the cell by exocytosis in response to specific stimuli (e.g. --an increase in Ca2+ and cAMP concentration in cytoplasm). 

These prohormones often contain superfluous amino acid residues that were needed to direct folding of the hormone molecule into its active configuration but have no function once the hormone folds. Specific endopeptidases in the cell cleave the prohormone just before it is released into the bloodstream, generating the mature hormone form of the molecule. Mature peptide hormones then travel through the blood to all of the cells of the body, where they interact with specific receptors on the surfaces of their target cells. 

Some neurotransmitters are secreted and released in a similar fashion to peptide hormones, and some 'neuropeptides' may be used as neurotransmitters in the nervous system in addition to acting as hormones when released into the blood. 

When a peptide hormone binds to a receptor on the surface of the cell, a second messenger appears in the cytoplasm, which triggers signal transduction leading to the cellular responses. 

Some peptide/protein hormones (angiotensin II, basic fibroblast growth factor-2, parathyroid hormone-related protein) also interact with intracellular receptors located in the cytoplasm or nucleus by an intracrine mechanism. 

Notable peptide hormones

Several important peptide hormones are secreted from the pituitary gland. The anterior pituitary secretes three: prolactin, which acts on the mammary gland; adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), which acts on the adrenal cortex to regulate the secretion of glucocorticoids; and growth hormone, which acts on bone, muscle, and the liver. The posterior pituitary gland secretes antidiuretic hormone, also called vasopressin, and oxytocin. Peptide hormones are produced by many different organs and tissues, however, including the heart (atrial-natriuretic peptide (ANP) or atrial natriuretic factor (ANF)) and pancreas (glucagon, insulin and somatostatin), the gastrointestinal tract (cholecystokinin, gastrin), and adipose tissue stores (leptin).
Question:
What is the peptide hormone produced in all vertebrates and some others to promote the absorption of glucose from the blood to muscles and fat tissue?
Answer:
Insulin antagonists
Passage:
Love Is Like a Butterfly
Love Is Like a Butterfly is the 14th solo studio album by Dolly Parton, released in September 1974. The title track was the third consecutive single to reach #1 on the U.S. country charts for Parton. For the few years before her pop chart success, "Butterfly" was considered Parton's signature song and was used as the theme song for her 1976 syndicated music series Dolly!. The album peaked at # 7 on the country albums charts. The album was rereleased on iTunes in March 2014 the same day as her 2014 album Blue Smoke was made available for pre-order.

The album has never been out of print.

Track listing

All songs are written by Dolly Parton, except where indicated.

#"Love Is Like a Butterfly"
#"If I Cross Your Mind" (Porter Wagoner)
#"My Eyes Can Only See You"
#"Take Me Back"
#"Blackie, Kentucky"
#"You're the One Who Taught Me How to Swing"
#"Gettin' Happy"
#"Highway Headin' South" (Porter Wagoner)
#"Once Upon a Memory"
#"Sacred Memories"

Cover versions

A cover version of the title track by singer Clare Torry was used as the theme music for the British TV sitcom, Butterflies.

Parton's goddaughter actor/ singer Miley Cyrus covered the song at selected stops of her 2014 Bangerz Tour.
Question:
‘Love is Like a Butterfly’ is a 1974 single written and recorded by which US singer?
Answer:
Floyd Parton
Passage:
Blue ringtail
The blue ringtail (Austrolestes annulosus) is an Australian damselfly. It is found in most of the continent.

Taxonomy

The blue ringtail was first described by Edmond de Sélys Longchamps in 1862.

Description

The abdomen is 3 cm long.  It can easily be confused with C. lyelli or C. billinghursti, but can be differentiated through dorsal patterns. They are a thin, medium-sized damselfly with varying coloration, which depends on maturity and temperature. However most are a striking blue with minimal black markings. Females are slightly more robust than males, and have a black and white/pale blue coloration.

Distribution and habitat

It is widely distributed in most of Australia, except for the northern and northeastern parts.  It is active through September to April in still water bodies such as riverine pools, lakes and ponds, including temporary pools.

Gallery

File:Common blue damselfly02.jpg
Question:
A Blue Ringtail is a type of what?
Answer:
Zygopteran
