Passage:
1994: Labour leader John Smith dies at 55 - BBC News
BBC ON THIS DAY | 12 | 1994: Labour leader John Smith dies at 55
About This Site | Text Only
1994: Labour leader John Smith dies at 55
The Labour leader John Smith has died in St Bartholomew's hospital in London after two serious heart attacks.
The 55-year-old leader of the opposition suffered his first attack at his central London flat.
He had a second heart attack in the ambulance on the way to hospital and was pronounced dead at 0915 BST.
He leaves behind his wife, Elizabeth, and three daughters, all in their twenties.
The news comes as a shock to his party and the nation.
He was regarded as a man of integrity - decent and honest and was widely expected to lead Labour to victory at the next general election and become prime minister.
Senior politicians from all parties have paid tribute to Mr Smith and today's sitting of the House of Commons has been suspended as a mark of respect.
John Smith trained as a barrister and entered Parliament in 1970 as a Labour member for North Lanarkshire, Scotland. He served as secretary for trade in 1970 and subsequently as Labour spokesperson on economic and industrial issues, developing a reputation as a moderate.
After the Conservative election victory two years ago, he took over from Neil Kinnock as party leader and set about unifying the left and right factions of Labour.
Family man
Mr Smith was devoted to his family and was determined to spend as many weekends as possible at his home in Morningside, Edinburgh, but this made for a punishing public regimen.
It took its toll on a man who had already had one heart attack back in 1988.
The deputy party leader Margaret Beckett is interim party leader until a successor is chosen. Home Affairs spokesman Tony Blair is favourite to win the leadership and Gordon Brown, Robin Cook and John Prescott are expected to stand too.
Question:
Who became Leader of the Opposition when John Smith died in 1994?
Answer:
Margaret Mary Beckett
Passage:
Meibomian gland
The meibomian glands (or tarsal glands) are a special kind of sebaceous gland at the rim of the eyelids inside the tarsal plate, responsible for the supply of meibum, an oily substance that prevents evaporation of the eye's tear film. Meibum prevents tear spillage onto the cheek, trapping tears between the oiled edge and the eyeball, and makes the closed lids airtight.  There are approximately 50 glands on the upper eyelids and 25 glands on the lower eyelids.

Dysfunctional meibomian glands often cause dry eyes, one of the more common eye conditions. They may also contribute to blepharitis.

Function

Meibum

Lipids 

Lipids are the major components of meibum (also known as "meibomian gland secretions"). The term "meibum" was originally introduced by Nicolaides et al. in 1981. 

The biochemical composition of meibum is extremely complex and very different from that of sebum. Lipids are universally recognized as major components of human and animal meibum. Recently, an update on the composition of human meibum and on the structures of various positively identified meibomian lipids was published. 

Currently, the most sensitive and informative approach to lipidomic analysis of meibum is mass spectrometry in combination with liquid chromatography.

Proteins

In humans, more than 90 different proteins have been identified in meibomian gland secretions. 

Clinical significance

Dysfunctional meibomian glands often cause dry eyes, one of the more common eye conditions. They may also contribute to blepharitis. Inflammation of the meibomian glands (also known as meibomitis, meibomian gland dysfunction, or posterior blepharitis) causes the glands to be obstructed by thick waxy secretions. Besides leading to dry eyes, the obstructions can be degraded by bacterial lipases, resulting in the formation of free fatty acids, which irritate the eyes and sometimes cause punctate keratopathy.

Meibomian gland dysfunction is more often seen in women and is regarded as the main cause of dry eye disease.   Factors that contribute to meibomian gland dysfunction can include things such as a person's age and/or hormones.  Treatment can include warm compresses or expression of the gland by a professional. In some cases antibiotics or steroids are prescribed.

History

The glands are named after Heinrich Meibom (1638–1700), a German physician.
Question:
Producing meibum, an oily sealant, where on the human head are the meibomian glands ?
Answer:
Eyelid diseases
Passage:
Climbing
Climbing is the activity of using one's hands, feet, or any other part of the body to ascend a steep object. It is done recreationally, competitively, in trades that rely on it, and in emergency rescue and military operations. It is done indoors and out, on natural and manmade structures.

Types

Climbing activities include:
* Bouldering: Ascending boulders or small outcrops, often with climbing shoes and a chalk bag or bucket. Usually, instead of using a safety rope from above, injury is avoided using a crash pad and a human spotter (to direct a falling climber on to the pad. They can also give beta, or advice)
* Buildering: Ascending the exterior skeletons of buildings, typically without protective equipment.
* Canyoneering: Climbing along canyons for sport or recreation.
* Chalk climbing: Ascending chalk cliffs uses some of the same techniques as ice climbing.
* Competition Climbing: A formal, competitive sport of recent origins, normally practiced on artificial walls that resemble natural rock formations. The International Federation of Sport Climbing (IFSC) is the official organization governing competition climbing worldwide and is recognized by the IOC and GAISF and is a member of the International World Games Association (IWGA). Competition Climbing has three major disciplines: Lead, Bouldering and Speed.
* Ice climbing: Ascending ice or hard snow formations using special equipment, usually ice axes and crampons. Techniques of protecting the climber are similar to those of rock climbing, with protective devices (such as ice screws and snow wedges) adapted to frozen conditions.
* Indoor climbing: Top roping, lead climbing, and bouldering artificial walls with bolted holds in a climbing gym.
*Mountaineering: Ascending mountains for sport or recreation. It often involves rock and/or ice climbing.
* Pole climbing: Climbing poles and masts without equipment.
* Lumberjack tree-trimming and competitive tree-trunk or pole climbing for speed using spikes and belts.
* Rock climbing: Ascending rock formations, often using climbing shoes and a chalk bag. Equipment such as ropes, bolts, nuts, hexes and camming devices are normally employed, either as a safeguard or for artificial aid.
* Rope access: Industrial climbing, usually abseiling, as an alternative to scaffolding for short works on exposed structures.
* Rope climbing: Climbing a short, thick rope for speed. Not to be confused with roped climbing, as in rock or ice climbing.
* Scrambling which includes easy rock climbing, and is considered part of hillwalking.
* Sport climbing is a form of rock climbing that relies on permanent anchors fixed to the rock, and possibly bolts, for protection, (in contrast with traditional climbing, where the rock is typically devoid of fixed anchors and bolts, and where climbers must place removable protection as they climb).
* Top roping: Ascending a rock climbing route protected by a rope anchored at the top and protected by a belayer below
* Traditional climbing (more casually known as Trad climbing) is a form of climbing without fixed anchors and bolts. Climbers place removable protection such as camming devices, nuts, and other passive and active protection that holds the rope to the rock (via the use of carabiners and webbing/slings) in the event of a fall and/or when weighted by a climber. 
* Free solo climbing: Climbing without ropes or protection.
* Tree climbing: Recreationally ascending trees using ropes and other protective equipment.
* A tower climber is a professional who climbs broadcasting or telecommunication towers or masts for maintenance or repair.

Rock, ice and tree climbing all usually use ropes for safety or aid. Pole climbing and rope climbing were among the first exercises to be included in the origins of modern gymnastics in the late 18th century and early 19th century.
Question:
In climbing and mountaineering, where are crampons worn?
Answer:
Foot fracture
Passage:
Suet
Suet is  raw fat of beef or mutton, especially the hard fat found around the loins and kidneys.

Suet has a melting point of between 45 °C and 50 °C (113 °F and 122 °F) and congelation between 37 °C and 40 °C (98.6 °F and 104 °F). Its high smoke point makes it ideal for deep frying and pastry production.

The primary use of suet is to make tallow, although it is also used as an ingredient in cooking, especially in traditional puddings, such as British Christmas pudding. Suet is made into tallow in a process called rendering, which involves melting and extended simmering, followed by straining, cooling and usually by repeating the entire process. Unlike tallow, suet that is not pre-packed requires refrigeration in order to be stored for extended periods.

Trade 

In the 17th century economy of the Viceroyalty of Peru Chile's husbandry and agriculture based economy had a peripheral role exporting mainly suet, ch'arki and leather to the other provinces of the viceroyalty. The importance of this trade led Chilean historian Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna to label the 17th century the century of suet (Spanish: siglo del sebo).{es icon} [Sergio Villalobos|Villalobos, Sergio]; Retamal Ávila, Julio and Serrano, Sol. 2000. Historia del pueblo Chileno. Vol 4. p. 154.

Cuisine 

Suet is essential in several traditional British dishes. Suet pastry is soft in contrast to the crispness of shortcrust pastry, which makes it ideal for certain sweet and savoury dishes. Suet is most widely used in sweet puddings, such as jam roly-poly and spotted dick. Savoury dishes include dumplings, which are made using a mixture of suet, flour and water rolled into balls that are added to stews during the final twenty minutes or so of cooking. In the savoury dish steak and kidney pudding, a bowl is lined with suet pastry, the meat is placed inside and a lid of suet pastry tightly seals the meat. The pudding is then steamed for approximately four hours before serving.  Suet is also an ingredient of traditional fruit mince. In recipes calling for suet, substitute (e.g. vegetable) fats usually do not work as well.

Suet should not be confused with beef dripping, which is the collected fat and juices from the roasting pan when cooking roast beef.  Suet should also not be confused with all beef or sheep fat.  It is normally the fat found around the heart and kidneys of cattle and sheep, and nowhere else in the animals.

Due to its high energy content, suet is used by cold weather explorers to supplement the high daily energy requirement needed to travel in such climates. Typically the energy requirement is around 5,000–6,000 Cal per day for sledge hauling or dog-sled travelling.  Suet is added to food rations to increase the fat content and help meet this high energy requirement.

Availability

Suet can be bought in natural form in many supermarkets. As it is the fat from around the kidneys, the connective tissue, blood and other non-fat items must be removed. It then needs to be coarsely grated to make it ready to use. It must be kept refrigerated prior to use and used within a few days of purchase, just like meat.

Pre-packaged suet sold in supermarkets is dehydrated suet. It is mixed with flour to make it stable at room temperature. Because of this, some care is needed when using it for older recipes that call for fresh suet as the proportions of flour to fat can alter. Most modern recipes stipulate packaged suet.

Vegetarian alternative

Vegetable suet is available in supermarkets in the United Kingdom, made from fat such as palm oil combined with rice flour. It resembles shredded beef suet, and is used as a vegetarian substitute in recipes, but with slightly different results from animal suet.

Cultural and religious restrictions

Consumption of suet is forbidden according to the Jewish religion as it was reserved for ritual altar sacrifices. This restriction only applies to those animals which were used for sacrifices, and thus does not include wild animals such as deer.

Bird feed

Woodpeckers, goldfinches, juncos, cardinals, thrushes, jays, kinglets, bluebirds, chickadees, nuthatches, wrens, and starlings are all known to favour suet-based bird feeders. 

Bird feed is commonly used in the form of cakes of suet, which can be made with other solid fats, such as lard. Rolled oats, bird seed, cornmeal, raisins, and unsalted nuts are often incorporated into the suet cakes. 

Suet-based recipes

* Christmas pudding
* Dumplings
* Haggis
* Jamaican patty
* Kishka/Kishke
* Mincemeat
* Rag Pudding
* Spotted dick
* Steak and kidney pudding
* Suet pudding
* Sussex Pond Pudding
* Suet Crust Pastry
* Windsor pudding
* Clootie Dumpling (Scottish)
Question:
What is the name of the traditional Scottish pudding, often eaten at Hogmanay, made with suet, currants and, sultanas and named from the cloth in which it is wrapped for cooking?
Answer:
Clootie Dumpling
Passage:
Australia's Wartime Prime Ministers - Curtin University
Australia's Wartime Prime Ministers
 
Five Prime Ministers served Australia during the war years. Explore            the stories of those who worked for them.
On 26 April 1939, Robert Menzies was sworn in as the 12th Prime Minister            of Australia, after he had been elected leader of the United Australia            Party. Arthur Fadden followed Menzies on 29 August 1941 but after his            coalition government lost majority support in the House of Representatives,            John Curtin became Prime Minister on 7 October 1941. Following Curtin’s            death on 5 July 1945, the Deputy Prime Minister Frank Forde acted as            Prime Minister until the Federal Parliamentary Labor Party elected Ben            Chifley as its new leader. Chifley was sworn in as Prime Minister on            13 July 1945.
Four of the five Prime Ministers who led Australia            during the Second World War dining together.
John Curtin Prime Ministerial Library. Records of the Curtin Family.           Five Australian Prime Ministers dine, 1942. Fadden, Hughes, Curtin,            Menzies and Chifley. JCPML00376/90
Question:
Who was Prime Minister of Australia at the beginning of World War ll?
Answer:
Sir Robert Menzies
Passage:
The Flumps
The Flumps is a children's programme, created and written by Julie Holder, and produced for the BBC by David Yates. It was broadcast by the BBC many times from 1977 to 1988.

Overview

The plot revolved around the various adventures of a family of furry characters called The Flumps. It was created and written by Julie Holder and narrated by Gay Soper. The theme tune was played by George Chisholm on the trombone.

In 1978, the BBC released a record, The Flumps (REC 309), that had 4 stories from the TV series narrated and sung by Gay Soper: "Keep Fit", "Balloons", "Moon Shot" and "Something Different".

In 2000, The Flumps was released on DVD. During early 2008, the theme tune was used in a series of adverts for Auto Trader magazine in the UK. These adverts were run again in Q3 2009.

Characters

The various flumps were:
*Grandpa Flump, who played a Flumpet (a type of trumpet),
*Father Flump, a keen gardener
*Mother Flump, often seen cooking in the kitchen
*Posie, a girl Flump
*Perkin, a boy Flump
*Pootle, the youngest boy Flump

Episode listing

*"Secrets"
*"The Cloud"
*"The Magnet"
*"Get Your Skates On"
*"Moon Shot"
*"Balloons"
*"Keep Fit"
*"Something Different"
*"Lend A Hand"
*"Quiet Please"
*"Grandfather's Birthday"
*"What A Carrot"
*"Where's Grandfather?"

Scheduling

The Flumps was shown 25 times between 1977 and 1992, usually around 1.45pm. The transmission runs were as follows:

14/2/77 -9/5/77 (Mondays)
5/10/77 - 28/12/77 (Wednesdays)
2/4/78 - 25/6/78 (Sundays)
2/10/78 - 25/12/78 (Mondays)
3/4/79 - 26/6/79 (Tuesdays)
4/10/79 - 27/12/79 (Thursdays)
1/4/80 - 24/6/80 (Tuesdays)
28/9/80 - 21/12/80 (Sundays)
7/4/81 - 30/6/81 (Tuesdays)
9/10/81 - 1/1/82 (Fridays)
6/4/82 - 29/6/82 (Tuesdays)
3/10/82 - 26/12/82 (Sundays)
6/4/83 - 29/6/83 (Wednesdays)
9/1/84 - 26/3/84 (Mondays)
6/7/84 - 28/9/84 (Fridays)
30/12/84 - 24/3/85 (Sundays)
5/7/85 - 27/9/85 (Fridays)
31/3/86 - 23/6/86 (Mondays)
8/1/87 - 2/4/87 (Thursdays)
8/7/87 - 30/9/87 (Wednesdays)
20/4/88 - 13/7/88 (Wednesdays)
18/4/89 - 11/7/89 (Tuesdays)
10/7/90 - 2/10/90 (Tuesdays)
4/6/91 - 27/8/91 (Tuesdays)
13/4/92 - 6/7/92 (Mondays) 

Note 1: During the first transmission run of 1984, one of the first five episodes was not shown.
Note 2: The final six transmission runs were shown on BBC Two instead of BBC One.
Question:
In the TV show The Flumps, how many Flumps where there?
Answer:
six
Passage:
Jet (lignite)
Pendant in Jet, Magdalenian, Marsoulas MHNT

Jet is a type of lignite, a precursor to coal, and is considered to be a minor gemstone. Jet is not considered a true mineral, but rather a mineraloid as it has an organic origin, being derived from decaying wood under extreme pressure.

The English noun "jet" derives from the French word for the same material: jaiet.  Jet is either black or dark brown, but may contain pyrite inclusions,  which are of brassy colour and metallic lustre. The adjective "jet-black", meaning as dark a black as possible, derives from this material.

Origin

Jet is a product of high pressure decomposition of wood from millions of years ago, commonly the wood of trees of the family Araucariaceae. Jet is found in two forms, hard and soft. Hard jet is the result of the carbon compression and salt water; soft jet is the result of the carbon compression and fresh water.

The jet found at Whitby, in England, is of Early Jurassic (Toarcian) age, approximately 182 million years old.    Whitby Jet is the fossilized wood from species similar to the extant Chile pine or Monkey Puzzle tree (Araucaria araucana).Oliver, N., 2012, A History of Ancient Britain, Phoenix Paperback, ISBN 978-0753828861

History

Jet has been used in Britain since the Neolithic period, but the earliest known object is a 10,000 BC model of a damsel fly larva, from Baden-Württemberg, Germany.   It continued in use in Britain through the Bronze Age where it was used for necklace beads.  During the Iron Age jet went out of fashion until the early third century AD in Roman Britain. The End of Roman Britain marked the end of jet's ancient popularity until, despite sporadic use in the Anglo-Saxon and Viking periods, the later Medieval period. Jet saw a massive resurgence during the Victorian era.

Roman use

Whitby jet was a popular material for jewellery in Roman Britain from the third century onward. It was used in rings, hair pins, beads, bracelets, bangles, necklaces and pendants; many of which are visible in the Yorkshire Museum. There is no evidence for Roman jet working in Whitby itself, rather it was transferred to Eboracum (modern York) where considerable evidence for jet production has been found.   The collection of jet at this time was based on beachcombing rather than quarrying.

In the Roman period it saw use as a magical material, frequently used in amulets and pendants because of its supposed protective qualities and ability to deflect the gaze of the evil eye.  Pliny the Elder suggests that "the kindling of jet drives off snakes and relieves suffocation of the uterus. Its fumes detect attempts to stimulate a disabling illness or a state of virginity."  and has been referenced by other Ancient writers including Solinus  and Galen.

Jet objects were exported from Eboracum all over Roman Britain and into Europe.

Around the Rhine some jet bracelets from the period have been found that feature grooves with gold inserts.

Victorian use

Jet as a gemstone was fashionable during the reign of Queen Victoria, during which the Queen wore Whitby jet as part of her mourning dress,  mourning the death of Prince Albert.  Jet was associated with mourning jewellery in the 19th century because of its sombre colour and modest appearance, and it has been traditionally fashioned into rosaries for monks.

In some jewellery designs of the period jet was combined with cut steel.

20th Century

In the United States, long necklaces of jet beads were very popular during the Roaring Twenties, when women and young flappers would wear multiple strands of jet beads stretching from the neckline to the waistline.  In these necklaces, the jet was strung using heavy cotton thread; small knots were made on either side of each bead to keep the beads spaced evenly, much in the same way that fine pearl necklaces are made. Jet has also been known as black amber, as it may induce an electric charge like that of amber when rubbed.

Properties

Jet is very easy to carve but it is difficult to create fine details without breaking so it takes an experienced lapidary to execute more elaborate carvings.

Jet has a Mohs hardness ranging between 2.5 and 4 and a specific gravity of 1.30 to 1.34. The refractive index of jet is approximately 1.66. The touch of a red-hot needle should cause jet to emit an odour similar to coal. 

Authenticating jet

Although now much less popular than in the past, authentic jet jewels are valued by collectors.

Unlike black glass, which is cool to the touch, jet is not cool, due to its lower thermal conductivity. Glass was used as a jet substitute during the peak of jet's popularity. When it was used in this way it was known as French jet or Vauxhall glass. Ebonite was also used as a jet substitute and initially looks very similar to jet but it fades over time. In some cases jet offcuts were mixed with glue and molded into jewellery.

Anthracite (hard coal) is superficially similar to fine jet, and has been used to imitate it. This imitation are not always easy to distinguish from real jet. When rubbed against unglazed porcelain, true jet will leave a chocolate brown streak.

The microstructure of jet, which strongly resembles the original wood, can be seen under 120× or greater magnification.
Question:
Name the UK seaside town famous for jet stone, and whose St Mary's Church featured in Bram Stoker's Dracula?
Answer:
Whitbey
Passage:
Lust for Life (film)
Lust for Life (1956) is a MGM (Metrocolor) biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh, based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin.

It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman. The film stars Kirk Douglas as Van Gogh, James Donald as his brother Theo, Pamela Brown, Everett Sloane and Anthony Quinn, who won an Oscar for his performance as Van Gogh's fast friend and rival Paul Gauguin. 

Plot

Vincent van Gogh's obsessive devotion to his art engulfs, consumes and finally destroys him. The apostate religious leaders do not like his zeal for God and they frown on his social activism and care for the poor in a coal mining town. He returns home to his father's house where he is rejected by a woman he obsessively loves, takes up with a prostitute who leaves because he is too poor, and discovers painting, which he pursues while agonizing that his vision exceeds his ability to execute. His brother, Theo van Gogh, provides financial and moral support, while Vincent lives off and on with the critical Paul Gauguin. Vincent begins experiencing hallucinations and seizures and voluntarily commits himself to a mental institution. He signs himself out, and with Theo's help, returns to a rural area to paint, where he ultimately shoots himself in despair of never being able to put what he sees on canvas.

Cast

* Kirk Douglas – Vincent van Gogh
* Anthony Quinn – Paul Gauguin
* James Donald – Theo van Gogh
* Pamela Brown – Christine
* Everett Sloane – Dr. Paul Gachet
* Henry Daniell – Theodorus van Gogh
* Madge Kennedy – Anna Cornelia van Gogh
* Noel Purcell – Anton Mauve

* Niall MacGinnis – Roulin
* Jill Bennett – Willemien
* Lionel Jeffries – Dr. Peyron
* Laurence Naismith – Dr. Bosman
* Eric Pohlmann – Colbert
* Jeanette Sterke – Kay
* Toni Gerry – Johanna (Johanna van Gogh-Bonger)

Production

The film was based on the 1934 novel by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin. Vincent Minnelli directed the film, while John Houseman produced it. They worked with Douglas on the 1952 melodrama The Bad and the Beautiful, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Principal photography started in August and ended in December 1955 and it was shot on location in France, Belgium and the Netherlands. George Cukor took Minnelli's place as director for the take of a scene. Two hundred enlarged colour photos were used representing Vincent’s completed canvases; these were in addition to copies that were executed by an American art teacher, Robert Parker. To prepare for his role as the troubled painter, Douglas practiced painting crows so that he could reasonably imitate van Gogh at work.  According to his wife Anne, Douglas was so into character that he returned to home in character. When asked if he would do such a thing again, Douglas responded that he wouldn't.

Reception

New York Times critic Bosley Crowther praised the film's conception, acting and color scheme, noting the design team "consciously made the flow of color and the interplay of compositions and hues the most forceful devices for conveying a motion picture comprehension of van Gogh."  Variety said, "This is a slow-moving picture whose only action is in the dialog itself." 

Box office

According to MGM records, the film earned $1,595,000 in the US and Canada and $1,100,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $2,072,000.

Awards

Academy Awards

;Wins  
* Actor in a Supporting Role: Anthony Quinn

;Nominations
* Best Actor: Kirk Douglas
* Best Art Direction (Color): Art Direction: Cedric Gibbons, Hans Peters, Preston Ames; Set Decoration: Edwin B. Willis, F. Keogh Gleason
* Best Writing (Screenplay--Adapted): Norman Corwin

The Best Actor prize went to Yul Brynner, who won for his portrayal of the King of Siam in The King and I. The musical also won the Oscar for Best Art Direction. Minnelli felt that Douglas should have won the award.

Companion short film

MGM produced a short film Van Gogh: Darkness Into Light, narrated by Dore Schary and showing the European locations used for the filming, to promote Lust for Life. In the film, a 75-year-old woman from Auvers-sur-Oise (not Jeanne Calment, who lived in Arles several hundred km to the south), who claims to have known Van Gogh when she was a young girl, meets star Kirk Douglas, and comments on how much he looks like the painter. This short promotional film is shown on Turner Classic Movies occasionally.
At the start and ending of the film, the creators list and thank a number of galleries, collectors and historians who allowed the works of Van Gogh to be photographed for the film.
Question:
Who played painter Paul Gaugin in the 1956 film ‘Lust for Life’?
Answer:
Antonio Rodolfo Quinn Oaxaca
