Passage:
Leaf Shape - Northwest Missouri State University
Leaf Shape
Leaf Shape
There are many different leaf shapes in nature.
What follows in this tutorial are the most common leaf shapes.
 
Ovate
An Ovate leaf is described as being broadest below the middle, and roughly 2x as long as it is wide.
 
A way to remember this leaf is that it is "egg-shaped.
  
Obovate
An Obovate leaf is described as being broadest above the middle, and roughly 2x as long as it is wide.
 
An Obovate leaf is the reverse of Ovate.
 
A Lanceolate leaf is at least 3x longer than wide, and broadest below middle.
 
Oblanceolate leaves are at least 3x longer than wide, but broadest above middle.
 
An Oblanceolate leaf is the reverse of a Lanceolate leaf.
 
 
Cordate
Leaves that are Cordate-shaped have leaves that are broad to the point and then turn upwards at the base, forming a notch.
 
 
Obcordate
Obcordate leaves are the reverse of Cordate leaves. They start at a point and then widen until they form a notch at the apex.
 
 
Elliptical
Elliptical leaves have the broadest width in the middle and then taper off at the ends.
 
Another way to remember this leaf shape is to think of it as "football-shaped."
 
Oblong leaves are 2-3x as long as wide and have parallel sides.
 
 
Cuneate
Cuneate leaves have a small width at base, but then a broad width near the top before the apex.
 
 
Linear
Linear leaves are narrow, are at least 4x longer than wide, and have the same width throughout.
 
Peltate leaves are rounded with the petiole attached underneath the base of the leaf.
 
Peltate leaves are shaped like little shields.
 
 
Spatulate
Spatulate leaves are narrow for almost the entire leaf, but then have an abrupt round structure at the apex.
 
Spatulate leaves have a similar shape to a spatula.
Reniform
Reniform leaves are broad and wider than they are high.
 
Peltate leaves are shaped like kidneys.
 
Hastate leaves are very recognizable. They are taper off at three apexes and are arrowhead-shaped.
 
Review
Before you take the quiz, you might want to review for it using the following activities.
In the Flash Card Activity, the leaf Shape will be hidden. See if you can name the Shape. Then click the lower lefthand box "term" to see the answer.
 
 
 
 In the Shape Comparison Activity select one leaf from the top and one from the bottom to compare the shapes of different leaves.
 
 
Leaf Shape Quiz
A quiz will load up below. If you find that you are not scoring very high, be sure to go back and review.
Question:
If an item is described as sagittate, what shape is it?
Answer:
Arrow head
Passage:
Rick Deckard
Rick Deckard is a fictional character and the protagonist of Philip K. Dick's 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.

He was portrayed by Harrison Ford in the 1982 film adaptation Blade Runner directed by Ridley Scott and by James Purefoy in the 2014 BBC Radio 4 adaptation directed by Sasha Yevtushenko. 

Overview 

Rick Deckard is a specialist plainclothes police officer with the San Francisco Police Department in the early 21st Century, who goes after "andys" as they are called. In the film adaption (see below), he was/is with the Replicant Detection Division (i.e. Blade Runner unit) of the Los Angeles Police Department. In this version the apprehension and termination of such renegade androids (here known as replicants) is euphemistically referred to as 'retirement'.  Given the nature of this role he could also be considered an officially sanctioned bounty hunter (In the original novel the bounty hunter nature of the position is made more obvious). In both novel & film versions, he begins the story as a selfish, self-involved cop who seemingly sees no value in android life. His experiences within the novel cause him to develop empathy towards androids and all living things. In the film it is implied that he had already begun to undergo this sea change prior to the start of the film, causing his original resignation some time (around May 2019) before its opening. 

Deckard is married to Iran who is one of the more empathetic characters in the novel. She is able to allow herself to go into a depression and sadness with others over the state of humanity, and is able to find the empathy necessary to care for an electric toad at the end of the novel. 

Adaptation 

In the film, the bounty hunters are replaced by police "Blade Runners", the androids are called "replicants", terms not used in the original novel. The novel depicts Deckard as obsequious and officious "little man", so much so it is interesting to note that Dustin Hoffman was involved in the film production for a short time. However it is not documented as to how Hoffman was going to play the character.  In the novel Deckard is human and has a wife but because of the many versions of the film and because of script and production errors, the back story of the movie version of Rick Deckard becomes unclear. The viewer has to make up their own mind as to whether Deckard is a replicant or not and therefore whether he has a past or not. The voice over in the theatrical release indicates Deckard is divorced, as it mentions an ex-wife. However the voice over has been removed from subsequent versions and so this detail is not mentioned. If the viewer takes the perspective that Deckard is a replicant then the "ex-wife" only becomes an implanted memory.   Philip K. Dick approved of Harrison Ford's performance, saying that Ford had brought to life "a genuine, real, authentic Deckard." 

Before he resigned from his position just prior to the events of the film, Deckard had amassed such a reputation as a Blade Runner that he had gained the nicknames Mr. Nighttime and the Boogeyman.
Question:
Who played Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
Answer:
Harrison Ford (actor)
Passage:
Headington
Headington is a suburb of Oxford, England.  It is at the top of Headington Hill overlooking the city in the Thames Valley below. The life of the large residential area is centred upon London Road, the main road between London and Oxford.

History

The site of Headington shows evidence of continued occupation from the Stone Age, as the 2001 field excavations in Barton Lane found, suggesting a date in the 11th century BC. Pottery was found on the Manor Ground, suggesting an Iron Age settlement there in the 7th century BC. Roman kilns from about AD 300 have been found, including one now on display at the Museum of Oxford. Anglo-Saxon burial remains from about AD 500 have also been discovered.

Headington's toponym is derived from the Old English Hedena's dun, meaning "Hedena's hill", when it was the site of a palace or hunting lodge of the Kings of Mercia. In a charter of 1004, Ethelred II of England, "written at the royal ville called Headan dune", gave land in Headington to Frideswide's priory, which included the quarry and the area around it.

Henry I granted a chapel at Headington to the Augustinian canons regular of the Priory of St Frideswide, Oxford when the priory was founded in 1122.Lobel, 1957, pages 157–168 The Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew was built in the middle of the 12th century and enlarged in the 13th century.Sherwood & Pevsner, 1974, page 336 The bell tower was started in the 13th or 14th century and completed in about 1500. St. Andrew's was repaired in the 17th and 18th centuries. The Gothic Revival architect J.C. Buckler restored the building and lengthened the nave in 1862–1864.

Headington developed rapidly in the early 20th century, significant amounts of housing developed around the medieval village, now known as Old Headington, around the original parish church of St Andrew. In 1927, it became an urban district separate from the Headington Rural District and in 1929 it was added to the city of Oxford. The other side of the London Road is called New Headington. 

Oxford United was originally Headington United F.C. Until 2001 its home ground was the Manor Ground, which had its main entrance on London Road. In 2001 Oxford United moved to the Kassam Stadium near Blackbird Leys. The Manor Ground has since been demolished and a private hospital built on the site.

The City of Oxford Silver Band began as the Headington Brass Band having been founded in the 19th century.

In 2002 a re-warding of the City created a ward called Headington representing both sides of the London Road, from Bury Knowle Park to Headley Way, with two elected representatives. The first councillors for this  ward were David Rundle (2002–) and Stephen Tall (2002–2008). Ruth Wilkinson was elected to succeed Stephen Tall in May 2008, and Mohammed Altaf-Khan to succeed David Rundle in 2014.

Headington today

Headington has a large and growing population. Headington's main employment sectors are medicine, education, and research. In the centre of Headington are a number of shops, pubs, cafés, restaurants, and other services. The area also includes the main campus of Oxford Brookes University, Ruskin College (which moved in its entirety from central Oxford to its Headington site in 2012), and the city's main hospitals, including the John Radcliffe, Nuffield and Churchill.

Headington's most famous modern landmark is The Headington Shark, made by John Buckley for local broadcaster Bill Heine in 1986.

Headington has a number of green spaces including Headington Hill and Bury Knowle parks. Close by is Shotover Hill, a heath and woodland area with views over Oxfordshire, and listed as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The Warneford Meadow a wild grassland, bought in 1918 by public subscription for the adjacent Warneford Hospital has been registered as a Town Green and has thus escaped development.

Sport and leisure

Headington has a non-league football team Headington Amateurs F.C. who play at the Barton Recreation Ground.

Notable residents

J. R. R. Tolkien, author of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, lived at 76 Sandfield Road in Headington from 1953 until 1968. C. S. Lewis, author of The Chronicles of Narnia, moved to the district in 1921 (he was born in Northern Ireland in 1898) and lived there until moving to The Kilns at nearby Risinghurst in 1930. He lived there until his death in 1963 at The Kilns.  Lewis is buried at Holy Trinity Church at Headington Quarry.

A more recent resident was John Simpson, senior editor of the Oxford English Dictionary. A number of Oxford academics have decamped to Headington over the years, preferring it to North Oxford where most dons lived. They include Lord Krebs, David Marquand and Anthony Kenny. Sir Isaiah Berlin, the historian A. B. Emden, the chemist Dalziel Hammick, Lord Elton, Michael Ernest Sadler and John Johnson (the University Printer) were also among them. Others included music producer Adam Lee, the author Elizabeth Bowen, Robert Maxwell and Lord Nuffield (William Morris) and Anne Diamond, the television presenter and author. Brian Aldiss, the science fiction writer, lives in Old Headington. Emma Watson, Hermione Granger from the Harry Potter films, lives in Headington. She also attended Headington School.
Question:
In which British city is there an area called Headington?
Answer:
Oxford, england
Passage:
Whey
Whey is the liquid remaining after milk has been curdled and strained. It is a co-product of the manufacture of cheese or casein and has several commercial uses. Sweet whey is manufactured during the making of rennet types of hard cheese like cheddar or Swiss cheese. Acid whey (also known as "sour whey") is a co-product produced during the making of acid types of dairy products such as cottage cheese or strained yogurt.

Whey proteins consist of α-lactalbumin, β-lactoglobulin, serum albumin, immunoglobulins, and a proteose-peptones. 

Production 

To produce cheese, rennet or an edible acid is added to heated milk. This makes the milk coagulate or curdle, separating the milk solids (curds) from the liquid whey. Sweet whey is the co-product of rennet-coagulated cheese and acid whey (also called sour whey) is the co-product of acid-coagulated cheese. Sweet whey has a pH greater than or equal to 5.6, acid whey has a pH less than or equal to 5.1.

Uses 

Whey is used to produce whey cheeses such as ricotta, whey butter, so-called brown cheeses such as Brunost (technically not cheeses at all), and many other products for human consumption. The fat content of whey is low; for example 1,000 kg of whey are required to make typically 1 kg of whey butter.[https://archive.org/stream/CAT31283652/circbai161_djvu.txt C.F. Doane, "Whey Butter", Bureau of Animal Industry, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Circular 161 [full text], 23 June 1910.] It is also an additive in many processed foods, including breads, crackers, and commercial pastry, and in animal feed. Whey proteins consist primarily of α-lactalbumin and β-lactoglobulin. Depending on the method of manufacture, whey may also contain glycomacropeptides (GMP).

Dairy whey remaining from home-made cheesemaking has many uses.  It is a flour conditioner and can be substituted for skim milk in most baked good recipes that require milk (bread, pancakes, muffins, etc.).

Whey protein (derived from whey) is often sold as a nutritional supplement. Such supplements are especially popular in the sport of bodybuilding.  In Switzerland, where cheese production is an important industry, whey is used as the basis for carbonated soft drinks such as Rivella and Montino.
In Iceland, liquid whey is sold as Mysa.

Throughout history, whey was a popular drink in inns and coffee houses.  When Joseph Priestley was at college at Daventry Academy 1752–1755, he records that, during the morning of Wednesday 22 May 1754, he “went with a large company to drink whey.”   This was probably ‘sack whey’ or ‘wine whey.'

Another use of whey is to make ‘Cream of Tartar Whey’:  "Put a pint of blue milk [blue milk is characterized by the appearance on its surface, eighteen or twenty-four hours after it is drawn, of small, indigo-blue fungal spots that rapidly enlarge until the whole surface is covered with a blue film.] over the fire, when it begins to boil, put in two tea spoonfuls of cream of tartar, then take it off the fire, and let it stand till the curd settles to the bottom of the pan, then put it into a basin to cool, and drink it milk warm.”

Whey was also used in central Spain to enrich bakery products. In some traditions, it was used instead of water to produce bread dough.

In areas where cheese is made, excess whey byproduct is sometimes sprayed over hay fields as a fertilizer.

Whey cream and butter

Cream can be skimmed from whey. Whey cream is saltier, tangier, and “cheesier” than ("sweet") cream skimmed from milk, and can be used to make whey butter. Due to the low fat content of whey the yield is not high, with typically 2 to 5 parts of butter manufactured from 1,000 parts of whey. Whey cream and butter are suitable for making butter-flavoured food, as they have a stronger flavour of their own. They are also cheaper to manufacture than sweet cream and butter.

Health

Because whey contains lactose, it should be avoided by those who are lactose intolerant. Dried whey, a very common food additive, contains 6% lactose. When used as a food additive, whey can contribute to quantities of lactose far above the level of tolerance of most lactose-intolerant individuals.

Liquid whey contains lactose, vitamins, protein, and minerals, along with traces of fat.

In 2005 researchers at Lund University in Sweden found that whey can help regulate and reduce spikes in blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes by increasing insulin secretion.

People can be allergic to whey or other milk proteins (this is an allergy, not lactose intolerance). As whey proteins are altered by high temperatures, whey-sensitive people may be able to tolerate evaporated, boiled or sterilised milk. Hard cheeses are high in casein but low in whey proteins, and are the least allergenic for those allergic to whey proteins. However, casein proteins (which are heat-stable) are the most important allergens in cheese, and an individual may be allergic to either or both types of protein.

Protein

Whey protein is the name of globular proteins that can be isolated from whey. It is typically a mixture of globinstagers beta-lactoglobulin (~65%), alpha-lactalbumin (~25%), and serum albumin (~8%), which are soluble in their native culture forms, independent of pH.
Question:
The terms curds and whey are associated with making what?
Answer:
Cheeses
Passage:
Cromford railway station
Cromford railway station is a railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains (EMT) Train operating company (TOC). It is located in the village of Cromford in Derbyshire, England. The station is on the Derwent Valley Line  north of Derby towards Matlock.

Description

The now unstaffed station is served by East Midlands Trains, who operate the service from Nottingham to Matlock (via Derby). For journeys beginning at Cromford, the full range of tickets for travel for any destination in the country are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost. Journey time to Derby is approximately 26 minutes. During service disruption, buses will pick up or set down on the A6 main road. Services are approximately hourly, Monday to Saturday, following service improvements in December 2009.

The station, and, in particular, the old Waiting Room, was the setting for the cover artwork of Oasis' single "Some Might Say".

Services

The station is served by East Midlands Trains Local with services formed using diesel multiple units of Classes 153, 156, or 158. The service operates from Newark Castle (weekdays only) & Nottingham to Matlock via Derby. Journey time to Derby is approximately 22 minutes. Services are hourly each way Monday to Saturday and two-hourly on Sundays. 

In 2015 East Midlands Trains announced Cromford winner of the 'station environment award'.

History

Originally known as "Cromford Bridge", it was opened by the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway in 1849.  This is one of the few stations on the line that has been preserved and is a Grade 2 listed building. It is said to have been designed by G.H.Stokes, son-in-law of Joseph Paxton. It is believed that Stokes also designed Station House (built in 1855), the extremely ornate former Station Master's residence opposite the station on the side of the hill as well as the ornate villa style waiting room, on what was the 'up' platform. According to English Heritage,  this is the original station building. The present station building on the opposite (down) platform was added by the Midland Railway at a later date

Willersley Tunnel, 764 yd long is immediately north of the station.

Following many years of neglect and decline, a long lease on the main station building was purchased by the Arkwright Society, and the building has been restored and improved, re-opening as office space in May 2009. Station House, of which the old Waiting Room is a part, is now self-contained holiday accommodation. 

In the year 1 April 2009 to 31 March 2010 journeys from the station had increased by 16.88%. 

Incidents

2009 murder

In September 2009, the station was the site of the motiveless murder of a taxi driver, Stuart Ludlam, by gun fanatic, Colin Cheetham.
Question:
Which Derbyshire railway station has the three-letter code CMF?
Answer:
Cromford, Derbyshire
Passage:
Adolf Hitler Quotes: Chamberlain seemed such a nice old ...
Adolf Hitler Quotes: Chamberlain seemed such a nice old gentleman… | Famous Inspirational Quotes & Sayings
Related Authors: Pol Pot - Adolf Hitler - Theodore Kaczynski - Hermann Goering - James Earl Ray - Lee Harvey Oswald - Jesse James - Dennis Kozlowski
Al Gonzales is a dedicated public servant and exceptionally qualified to be our nation's next Attorney General. I know that a lot has been said about Judge Gonzales' life story. It is a story of the fulfillment of the American Dream.
Question:
Chamberlain seemed such a nice old gentleman that I thought I would give him my autograph.
Answer:
Hitlerian
Passage:
Britain and Ireland's top 10 mountain ranges, Great ...
Britain and Ireland's top 10 mountain ranges, Great British Trips
You are here > Home > Top 10 > Top 10 Mountains
Britain and Ireland's top 10 Mountain Ranges
When many people think of the geography of Great Britain, it's likely that they picture  the gentle green rolling hills of the English Cotswolds or our mostly flat urban cities such as London. In actual fact, in between the busy towns and cities lie some pretty spectacular hills and a fair few mountainous regions too. We have put together our 10 top mountain regions in Britain and Ireland.
1. Cairngorms
Scotland
We’ve put the Cairngorms National Park in the number 1 spot  as it’s Britain’s most massive and spectacular Mountain range. Boasting  incredible native forests, dramatic crystal clean rivers and lochs, plenty of  wild Scottish moorland, these beautiful mountains sit in the centre of Scotland  and boast some of Britain’s best views. It is also the largest National Park in  the UK incorporates many beautiful towns and villages. The local wildlife is  extensive and the region plays host to 25% of Britain’s threatened species  making it a great place to see wildlife that you’re unlikely to spot anywhere  else.
2. Mourne Mountains
Northern Ireland
The Mourne Mountains are a granite range which form the  highest peaks in Northern Ireland. The highest of these is Slieve Donard at  850m. The area has been designated an area of outstanding natural beauty and is  very popular with hill walkers and nature lovers. The mountains were said to  have inspired CS Lewis in the writing of the ‘Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe’ with much of Narnia based on this mysterious mountain range. The area was most  recently used as the backdrop for critically acclaimed movie ‘Philomena’ starring Dame Judi Dench.
3. Black Mountains
Wales
Based  on the Eastern side of the Brecon Beacons National Park, the Black Mountain’s  take their name from unsurprisingly from the colour of the landscape in the  region. Sitting on the border between Wales and Herefordshire in England, the  mountains are often confused with the Black Mountain Range which sits on the  Westerly side of the Brecon Beacons. To confuse things even more there is a  mountain within the range called the Black Mountain!
4. MacGillycuddy's Reeks
Ireland
MacGillycuddy's  Reeks means ‘the black stacks’ and sits in County Kerry, Ireland. The centre of  Ireland is pretty much surrounded with mountain ranges but this range contains  the highest peaks in Ireland. The highest mountain is Carrauntoohil which is  1038m high. The range is close to the very pretty Killarney National Park.
5. Grampian Mountains
Scotland
The Grampians occupy a fair proportion of Scotland as one of  the 3 major mountain ranges in the country. It is in the region traditionally  called the Scottish ‘highlands’ and home to Britain’s 2 highest peaks in that  of Ben Nevis and Ben Macdui. Widely regarded as Britain’s most spectacular  view, Glen Coe sits within the range close to Ben Nevis and the town of Fort  William. The Jacobite Steam Railway is an incredible way to see the range as  the ‘Hogwarts Express’ powers along the now famous viaduct with the Grampians forming  a majestic backdrop to a magical and unforgettable journey.
6. Berwyn Range
Wales
Sitting just east of the Snowdonia National Park, this Welsh  range of mountain’s is largely forgotten and overlooked as the peaks sit  slightly lower than its famous neighbour. The bonus is that this region of  mountains and uplands is wholly unspoilt and perfect for anyone looking to get  away from the tourists and walkers who flock to Snowdonia. The mountains top  800m so it’s still a good climb and decent walk for lovers of solitude and  beautiful scenery.
7. Snowdonia
Wales
Snowdonia National Park sits in north Wales and is probably  the most popular region of the country to visit. Mount Snowdon is a challenging  climb for competent walkers but a unique railway will take you to the summit if  you want the views without the exertion. The Snowdonia region can’t boast the  dizzy heights of the Grampian Mountains but with lots of small lakes, steam  railways and simply beautiful views, and lots of attractions this well visited  region is worth a visit all year round.
8. Lake District
England
England is packed with National Parks and rolling hills but  many of these are too low to be classified as mountains. The Lake District  National Park in England’s North West can boast both rolling hills, classic  English countryside and villages, England’s largest lake (Windermere) and  spectacular mountains surrounding them. Although the main draw of the Lake District  is somewhat inevitably the lakes, some of the mountains such as England’s  highest; Scafell Pike (978m) provide an incredibly challenging climb and  rewarding views for those with the inclination.
9. Cheviot Hills
England
The Cheviot Hills sit on the England and Scotland border  just in the north of the Northumberland national Park. The highest hill is the  Cheviot itself which sits at a not unspectacular 815m. The southern area  borders Kielder Forest and is a great open region for walking, roaming and  enjoying the English countryside.
10. Sperrin Mountains
Northern Ireland
The Sperrin Mountains is one of the largest mountainous  regions in Ireland and is a glacial area of upland. The Sperrin's are famous  for their purple heather laded slopes which make this an area of outstanding  natural beauty. It is largely undiscovered though it has a high population in  the urban areas which are incorporated into the Sperrin region.
Question:
What is the name of the highest mountain in Great Britain?
Answer:
Beinn Nibheis
Passage:
Thomas Arne
Thomas Augustine Arne (; 12 March 1710, London – 5 March 1778, London) was an English composer, best known for the patriotic song Rule Britannia. He also wrote a version of God Save the King, which became the British national anthem, and the song A-Hunting We Will Go. Arne was the leading British theatre composer of the 18th century, working at Drury Lane and Covent Garden.

Early life

Arne was born to an Anglican father and Catholic mother in Covent Garden, and baptised at St. Paul's Church in Covent Garden.

His father and grandfather were both upholsterers and both became officials of the City Company of Upholsterers.  His grandfather fell upon hard times and died in the debtors' prison of Marshalsea.  Arne's father earned enough money not only to rent 31 King Street, a large house in Covent Garden,  but also to have Arne educated at Eton College. In later life, he too lost most of his wealth and had to supplement his income by acting as a numberer of the boxes (ticket counter) at Drury Lane Theatre.

Arne was so keen on music that he smuggled a spinet into his room and, damping the sounds with his handkerchief, would secretly practise during the night while the rest of the family slept. He also dressed up as a liveryman in order to gain access to the gallery of the Italian Opera. It was at the opera that Arne first met the musician and composer Michael Festing, who was a major influence on him. Festing not only taught him to play the violin, but also took him to various musical events, including going to compete against  Thomas Roseingrave for the post of organist at Hanover Square, and a visit to Oxford in 1733 to hear George Frideric Handel's oratorio Athalia.

Upon leaving school, Arne was articled to a solicitor for three years. However, Arne's father discovered his son leading a group of musicians at what was probably one of Festing's musical gatherings. Following this disclosure of his son's real interest and talent, he was persuaded (again probably by Festing) to allow the young Arne to give up his legal career and to pursue music as a living.

Musical career

Between 1733 and 1776, Arne wrote music for about 90 stage works, including plays, masques, pantomimes, and opera. Many of his dramatic scores are now lost, probably in the disastrous fire at Covent Garden in 1808.[http://www.answers.com/topic/thomas-and-sally-or-the-sailor-s-return-opera-in-1-act?cat
entertainment Thomas and Sally, or The Sailor's Return, opera ...: Information and Much More from Answers.com] Arne's sister, Susannah Maria Arne, was a famous contralto, who performed in some of his works, including his first opera, Rosamund. (With her marriage to the Drury Lane actor Theophilus Cibber she became known professionally as "Mrs Cibber".) With their brother Richard, they would often perform Arne's works together. 

Arne was a Freemason  and active in the organisation, which has long been centred in the Covent Garden area of London, where Arne lived for many years.

Arne's Catholicism meant that he never composed music for the Church of England, unlike most other leading English composers of his time. 

On 15 March 1737,  Arne married singer Cecilia Young, whose sister, Isabella was the wife of John Frederick Lampe. During this period Arne's operas and masques became increasingly popular, and he received the patronage of Frederick, Prince of Wales, at whose country home, Cliveden, the Masque of Alfred, featuring "Rule Britannia", was debuted in 1740.

In 1741, Arne filed a complaint in Chancery pertaining to a breach of musical copyright and claimed that some of his theatrical songs had been printed and sold by Henry Roberts and John Johnson, the London booksellers and music distributors. The matter was settled out of court. Arne was certainly one of the very first composers to have appealed to the law over copyright issues. 

In 1750, after an argument with David Garrick, Susannah left Drury Lane for Covent Garden Theatre, and Arne followed. In 1755 during a period spent in Dublin, he separated from Cecilia, who, he alleged, was mentally ill. He began a relationship with one of his pupils, Charlotte Brent, a soprano and former child prodigy. Brent performed in several of Arne's works, including the role of Sally in his 1760 opera Thomas and Sally and Mandane in his 1762 opera Artaxerxes. Eventually Brent and Arne went their separate ways and she married a violinist named Thomas Pinto in 1766.

During the 1760s Arne frequently collaborated with the Irish writer Isaac Bickerstaffe. Thomas and Sally was the first English comic opera to be sung throughout (it contained no dialogue). Artaxerxes was one of the most successful and influential English operas of the 18th century and is the only known attempt to write an Italianate, Metastasian opera seria, in the English language.  It was frequently performed in London into the 1830s and it was the most popular full-length English opera before the 20th century.   In a 1791 visit to London, Joseph Haydn was impressed by a performance of Artaxerxes he attended and admitted that he had no idea such an opera existed in the English language.[http://www.guardian.co.uk/music/2009/oct/22/artaxerxes-thomas-arne-linbury-studios Artaxerxes: the opera that time forgot | Music | The Guardian]I

In 1769 Arne composed the song Soft Flowing Avon, with lyrics by Garrick, for the Shakespeare Jubilee held by Garrick in Stratford-upon-Avon to commemorate the life of William Shakespeare.

In 1777, shortly before his death, Arne and his wife were reconciled. They had one son, Michael Arne who was also a composer. Arne is buried at St Paul's, Covent Garden, London. A blue plaque, unveiled in 1988, commemorates Arne at 31 King Street in Covent Garden.
Question:
In music what is Dr Thomas Arne's most famous composition?
Answer:
Rule Brittania
Passage:
Sanka
Sanka is a brand of instant decaffeinated coffee, sold around the world, and was one of the earliest decaffeinated varieties. Sanka is distributed in the United States by Kraft Foods.

History

Decaffeinated coffee was developed in 1903 by a team of researchers led by Ludwig Roselius in Bremen, Germany.  It was first sold in Germany and many other European countries in 1905–06 under the name Kaffee HAG (short for Kaffee Handels-Aktien-Gesellschaft, or Coffee Trading Public Company).  In France, the brand name became "Sanka", derived from the French words sans caféine ("without caffeine").  The brand came to the United States in 1909–10, where it was first marketed under the name "Dekafa" or "Dekofa" by an American sales agent.

In 1914, Roselius founded his own company, Kaffee Hag Corporation, in New York. When Kaffee Hag was confiscated by the Alien Property Custodian during World War I and sold to an American firm, Roselius lost not only his company, but also the American trademark rights to the name. To re-establish his product, he began to use the Sanka brand name in America.

In Europe, the Hag company used the Sanka brand in many countries (The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland amongst others) as a cheaper alternative to the premium brand Coffee Hag. The brand disappeared in these countries after World War II, but it continued until the 1970s as the premium brand in France. First marketed in the U.S. in 1923, Sanka was initially sold only at two Sanka Coffee Houses in New York, but it soon was brought into retail.

Radio, television and other entertainment

The intensive American advertising campaigns included the 1927 broadcasts of Sanka After-Dinner Hour (aka Sanka Music, Sanka After-Dinner Music, Sanka Music Hour and Sanka After-Dinner Coffee Hour), heard at 6:30pm Tuesdays on New York's WEAF.  Sanka was a sponsor of I Love Lucy, The Twilight Zone and The Andy Griffith Show during their respective runs on CBS television in the 1950s and early 1960s.  The Andy Griffith Show Sanka sponsor spots featured the cast members.  It was also a sponsor of the The Goldbergs (1920s-to about 1960 on radio and television not related to the U.S. 2013 ABC television series) where on many programs Mrs. Goldberg (Gertrude Berg) would address the camera and talk to the TV audience and tell them about Sanka coffee. After the sales pitch she would walk away, usually from the window, and start the show.

With such promotion, Sanka became a nationwide sales success with General Foods Corporation taking over distribution in 1928 as a defensive measure, since Sanka directly competed with its non-caffeine coffee substitute Postum. The bright orange label that made Sanka easily identifiable to consumers found its way into coffee shops around the country in the form of the decaf coffee pot. Coffee pots with a bright orange handle are a direct result of the American public's association of the color orange with Sanka, no matter which brand of coffee is actually served. Businesses that serve rival Folgers decaffeinated coffee usually have green-handled pots.

The 1941 Laurel and Hardy comedy Great Guns includes a scene in which Stan Laurel, in an Army mess hall line, is handed a cup of coffee.  He asks "Sanka?", and the mess attendant replies, "You're welcome!"  In the song, "Bianca," in Cole Porter's 1948 musical-comedy Kiss Me, Kate, the lyric "I would gladly give up coffee for Sanka," is included.  Sanka is also mentioned in the 1982 film Fast Times at Ridgemont High, when the science teacher Mr. Vargas declares, "Look, I'm a little slow today. I just switched to Sanka, so have a heart."  It is indicated at the end of the film that Mr. Vargas switches back to coffee.

In the 2007 "Family Guy" episode "Peter's Daughter", four elderly women advertise Sanka by dancing on a beach and chanting "Don't you wanna wanna Sanka" in a homage to the Fanta adverts of earlier that decade. It is later mentioned in the episode "Mother Tucker" when Thelma Griffin asks for "a fish sandwich and a Sanka".

Also, in the third season of the television program "Entourage" (episode "What About Bob?"), the character Bob Ryan, a legendary movie producer who seems to be out of touch with reality, asks for Sanka at a meeting with one of the studio executives while negotiating a deal for one of his scripts.

Sanka albums

In France, Café Sanka issued heraldic picture albums in the same style as the Coffee Hag albums. However, only six albums of the planned 42 were ever published.
Question:
Thanks to the color scheme used on cans and jars of Sanka, the handles on restaurant pots of decaffeinated coffee are traditionally what color?
Answer:
Orange (album)
Passage:
Wanda Ventham
Wanda Ventham (born 5 August 1935) is an English actress, known primarily for her role as Colonel Virginia Lake in the 1970s science-fiction television series UFO, and for her recurring role as Cassandra Trotter's mother Pamela Parry in the sitcom Only Fools and Horses from 1989–92. She has also appeared in two episodes of The Saint alongside Roger Moore.

In April 2014,  People magazine featured her in its "Most Beautiful People in the World" edition. 

Early life

Ventham was born in Brighton, the daughter of Gladys Frances (née Holtham) and Frederick Howard Ventham.  She originally held aspirations of becoming an artist and attended art school for one year, working as a scenic painter for the Connaught Theatre during her school holidays. It was her exposure to professional theatre that prompted her to leave art school and pursue a career in acting.  She trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama, along with Judi Dench,  graduating in 1956. 

Career

Ventham's first film role was in My Teenage Daughter (1956), with Anna Neagle and Sylvia Syms. She also appeared in Carry On Cleo (1964) and Carry On... Up the Khyber (1968). She starred alongside Mark Burns in the mystery film, Death is a Woman (1966). Her best known role was on television as Col. Virginia Lake, second in command to Cmdr. Ed Straker (Ed Bishop) in the cult series UFO.

Ventham's numerous other TV credits include regular roles in Heartbeat as Fiona Weston, Hetty Wainthropp Investigates as Margaret Balshaw, and The Rag Trade as Shirley. She also played a love interest for Arthur Daley in Minder, Susan's mother in Coupling, and Deborah's mother in Men Behaving Badly. She appeared in the lead role in the 15-part BBC series The Lotus Eaters (1972–73), opposite Ian Hendry, and made a guest appearance in Rutland Weekend Television. She was in an episode of Danger Man, and the series Patrick McGoohan completed immediately afterwards - the allegorical spy series The Prisoner, as well as the sitcoms Executive Stress and Next of Kin, and the sketch show The Two Ronnies.

She has appeared in Doctor Who on three occasions over three decades: as Jean Rock in The Faceless Ones (1967), as Thea Ransome in Image of the Fendahl (1977) and as Faroon in Time and the Rani (1987). Her appearance in Image of the Fendahl was opposite Denis Lill. Ventham and Lill would later play Pamela and Alan Parry in the sitcom Only Fools and Horses.

In 2014, she and her husband Timothy Carlton appeared in the BBC adaptation of Sherlock as the parents of Sherlock Holmes, who is played by their son Benedict Cumberbatch.  Ventham appeared in Holby City as Myrtle McKee, a hospital patient who leads a double life. 

Personal life

Ventham married her first husband James Tabernacle in 1957  and they had one daughter, Tracy Tabernacle. They were divorced on 12 November 1974.  She met actor Timothy Carlton in 1970 while filming sequences for the drama series A Family at War  and they have been married since April 1976.  The couple appeared together in Series 2 of BBC drama The Lotus Eaters in 1973 and Series 3 of BBC series Sherlock in 2014 as the parents of the title character, played by their real son, actor Benedict Cumberbatch. 

Filmography

Film

Television

Theatre
Question:
Actress Wanda Ventham is the mother of which famous actor?
Answer:
Benedict cumberbatch
Passage:
The Human Body Parts
The Human Body Parts
The Human Body: Body Parts
The human body is the entire structure of a human organism, and consists of a head, neck, torso, two arms and two legs. By the time the human reaches adulthood, the body consists of close to 10 trillion cells, the basic unit of life. Groups of cells combine and work in tandem to form tissue, which combines to form organs, which work together to form organ systems.
Superficial anatomy or surface anatomy is important in human anatomy being the study of anatomical landmarks that can be readily identified from the contours or other reference points on the surface of the body. With knowledge of superficial anatomy, physicians gauge the position and anatomy of the associated deeper structures.
Common names of well known parts of the human body, from top to bottom:
Head - Forehead - Jaw - Cheek - Chin
Neck - Shoulders
Arm - Elbow - Wrist - Hand - Fingers - Thumb
Spine - Chest - Thorax
Abdomen - Groin
Hip - Buttocks - Leg - Thigh - Knee - Calf - Heel - Ankle - Foot - Toes
The eye, ear, nose, mouth, teeth, tongue, throat, adam's apple, breast, penis, scrotum, clitoris, vulva, navel are also superficial structures.
The Human Body
Organs : In biology and anatomy, an organ is a tissue that performs a specific function or group of functions within an organism.. more »
Systems : The organ systems of the body include the musculoskeletal system, nervous system, digestive system... more »
Skeleton : The average adult human skeleton has around 206 bones. These bones meet at joints, the majority of which are ... more »
Muscles : Muscle is the contractile tissue of the body and is derived from the mesodermal layer of embryonic more »
Bones : Bones are rigid organs that form part of the endoskeleton of human body. They function to move, support, and protect... more »
Question:
Which part of the human body do the French call 'la cheville'?
Answer:
Ancle
Passage:
Maryam Mirzakhani
Maryam Mirzakhani (; born May 13, 1977) is an Iranian-American mathematician and a professor of mathematics at Stanford University.   

In 2014, Mirzakhani became both the first woman and the first Iranian honored with the Fields Medal, the most prestigious award in mathematics.   The award committee cited her work in "the dynamics and geometry of Riemann surfaces and their moduli spaces". 

Her research topics include Teichmüller theory, hyperbolic geometry, ergodic theory, and symplectic geometry.

Early life and education

Mirzakhani was born in 1977 in Tehran, Iran. She went to high school in Tehran at Farzanegan, National Organization for Development of Exceptional Talents (NODET).

In 1994, Mirzakhani won a gold medal in the International Mathematical Olympiad, the first female Iranian student to do so. In the 1995 International Mathematical Olympiad, she became the first Iranian student to achieve a perfect score and to win two gold medals.

She obtained her BSc in mathematics (1999) from Sharif University of Technology in Tehran. She went to the United States for graduate work, earning a PhD from Harvard University (2004), where she worked under the supervision of the Fields Medalist Curtis McMullen. She was also a 2004 research fellow of the Clay Mathematics Institute and a professor at Princeton University. 

Research work

Mirzakhani has made several contributions to the theory of moduli spaces of Riemann surfaces. In her early work, Mirzakhani discovered a formula expressing the volume of a moduli space with a given genus as a polynomial in the number of boundary components. This led her to obtain a new proof for the formula discovered by Edward Witten and Maxim Kontsevich on the intersection numbers of tautological classes on moduli space, as well as an asymptotic formula for the growth of the number of simple closed geodesics on a compact hyperbolic surface, generalizing the theorem of the three geodesics for spherical surfaces.  Her subsequent work has focused on Teichmüller dynamics of moduli space. In particular, she was able to prove the long-standing conjecture that William Thurston's earthquake flow on Teichmüller space is ergodic. 

Most recently as of 2014, with Alex Eskin and with input from Amir Mohammadi, Mirzakhani proved that complex geodesics and their closures in moduli space are surprisingly regular, rather than irregular or fractal.  The closures of complex geodesics are algebraic objects defined in terms of polynomials and therefore they have certain rigidity properties, which is analogous to a celebrated result that Marina Ratner arrived at during the 1990s. The International Mathematical Union said in its press release that, "It is astounding to find that the rigidity in homogeneous spaces has an echo in the inhomogeneous world of moduli space."

Mirzakhani was awarded the Fields Medal in 2014 for "her outstanding contributions to the dynamics and geometry of Riemann surfaces and their moduli spaces". 

At the time of the award, Wisconsin professor Jordan Ellenberg explained her research to a popular audience:

President Hassan Rouhani of Iran congratulated her. 

Personal life

She is married to Jan Vondrák, a Czech theoretical computer scientist who works at IBM Almaden Research Center.   They have a daughter named Anahita () . 

Awards and honors

* National Academy of Sciences 2016 
* Fields Medal 2014  
* Plenary speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM 2014)
* Clay Research Award 2014 
* The 2013 AMS Ruth Lyttle Satter Prize in Mathematics. "Presented every two years by the American Mathematical Society, the Satter Prize recognizes an outstanding contribution to mathematics research by a woman in the preceding six years. The prize was awarded on Thursday, 10 January 2013, at the Joint Mathematics Meetings in San Diego."
* Invited to talk at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 2010, on the topic of "Topology and Dynamical Systems & ODE"  
* AMS Blumenthal Award 2009  
* Clay Mathematics Institute Research Fellow 2004 
* Harvard Junior Fellowship Harvard University, 2003
* Merit fellowship Harvard University, 2003
* IPM Fellowship, Tehran, Iran, 1995–99
* Named one of Nature's ten "people who mattered" of 2014. 
*Elected to the American Philosophical Society in 2015. 
*Elected foreign associate to the French Academy of Science in 2015
Question:
In August 2014 Maryam Mirzakhani became the first woman to be awarded the Fields Medal. For work is which discipline is the Fields Medal awarded?
Answer:
Negative roots
Passage:
Lúcio Costa
Lúcio Marçal Ferreira Ribeiro Lima Costa  (27 February 1902 – 13 June 1998) was a Brazilian architect and urban planner, best known for his plan for Brasília. 

Career

Costa was born in Toulon, France, son of Brazilian parents.  His father Joaquim Ribeiro da Costa, from Salvador, Bahia, was a naval engineer, and his mother Alina Ferreira da Costa, was from Manaus.  He was educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne, England, and at the Collège National in Montreux, Switzerland, until 1916, he graduated as an architect in 1924 from the National School of Fine Arts (Escola Nacional de Belas Artes) in Rio de Janeiro. After some early works in the eclectic manner, he adopted Modernism in 1929. In 1930 Costa established a partnership with Russian-born Brazilian architect Gregori Warchavchik, and also became the Director of the National School of Fine Arts where he had studied. Even though he found students eager to be taught in the "new style," his ruthless administration won him the opposition of the faculty and student body, and Costa eventually had to resign after a year in office. He joined the newly created SPHAN (Servico do Patrimônio Histórico e Artístico Nacional - National Service of Historic and Artistic Heritage) in 1937 under Rodrigo Melo Franco de Andrade. He remained at the National Heritage Service until retirement, acceding to the top post of director, where he was followed by his granddaughter Maria Elisa Costa. During his tenure as regional and then national director, he became involved in numerous  controversial decisions (see Controversies).

Costa became a figure associated with reconciling traditional Brazilian forms and construction techniques with international modernism, particularly the work of Le Corbusier. His works include the Brazilian pavilion at the New York World's Fair of 1939 (designed with Oscar Niemeyer),  the Parque Guinle residential complex in Rio of 1948, and the Hotel do Park São Clemente in Nova Friburgo of 1948. Among his major works are also the Ministry of Education and Health, in Rio (1936–43), designed with Oscar Niemeyer, Roberto Burle Marx, among others, and consulted by Le Corbusier, and the Pilot Plan of Brasília, a competition winner designed in 1957 and mostly built in 1958-1960. 

Costa taught geometry and drawing at the Liceu de Artes e Ofícios of Rio from 1938-1954. The Liceu was affiliated with the Associação Académica de Coimbra where Costa also taught until 1966, and received a Medal of Merit from the Portuguese government. 

Controversies

During his long tenure as regional, and then later, national chief of the Brazilian Historic and Artistic Heritage Institute (Instituto do Patrimônio Histórico e Artístico Nacional - IPHAN), Lucio Costa pushed for systematic documentation of existing architectural and urbanistic heritage, although his critics allege that he let his personal preferences and political opinions interfere with the bases of his decisions . In 1975, he created a public controversy by refusing to sign the landmarking act of Palácio Monroe, the former seat of the Brazilian Senate, built in 1906. The building was slated for demolition because of the construction of the subway but, in the face of public and media outcry, the construction company shifted the line to preserve the building. This effort, however, was in vain, since landmark status was denied and a developer razed the building shortly thereafter. Costa  favored the heritage of the Portuguese colonization over that of any other time or ethnic group (except for Brazilian Modernism). Because of this attitude, inculcated also on younger preservationists thanks to Costa's influence in the architecture schools, much of 19th- and early 20th-century architecture, including the architecture of German, Japanese and Italian immigrants, was lost to urban renewal in the 1960s and 1970s.

In 1936, when the competition to design the new Ministry of Education and Health was held, the winner was an eclectic design by architect Arquimedes Memória. Costa used his political connections within the government to scrap the competition result and instead form a new design team headed by himself, the Roberto Brothers and a young architect who had been Costa's intern, Oscar Niemeyer.

He died in Rio de Janeiro in 1998.

Brasilia

Lucio Costa is best known for his urban plan for the new capital of Brasília, located in Brazil's hinterland, having won the job in a 1957 public competition.  Costa's Plano Piloto (Pilot Plan) for Brasília is in the shape of an irregular cross, suggesting an airplane or dragonfly.  Costa's own Parque Guinle project was the model for Brasília's many residential tower-in-a-park superblocks, and Costa specified even the color of the bus drivers' uniforms:  dark grey and with a cap.

Although named as an UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987,  the city is notorious for its windswept emptiness and anti-pedestrian layout.    Some streets are badly lit because the height and spacing of light standards were not changed with the advent of mercury-vapor bulbs, and World Heritage Site designation has prevented remediation.

Costa was responsible for the layout, and Oscar Niemeyer responsible for many of the landmark buildings, and there were disputes between the two afterwards as an article in the landmarking decree specifically exempted works from both of them from review by the Heritage Service. Nevertheless, Brasília is also famous for Costa's "utopian" project; although not fully accomplished, it has produced a city of considerable quality of life, in which the citizens live in wooded areas with sporting and leisure structure (the "superquadras") flanked by small commercial areas, bookstores and cafés; the city is famous for its relative efficiency of traffic.

Even these positive features, however, have sparked controversy, well expressed in the nickname "ilha da fantasia" ("fantasy island"), indicating the sharp contrast between the city and the surrounding regions, marked by poverty and disorganization.
Question:
Lcio Costa was the principal urban planner, Oscar Niemeyer was the principal architect, and Roberto Burle Marx was the landscape designer for which purpose-built capital city?
Answer:
Brasília
