Passage:
Tittle
A tittle or superscript dot  is a small distinguishing mark, such as a diacritic or the dot on a lowercase i or j.  The tittle is an integral part of the glyph of i and j, but diacritic dots can appear over other letters in various languages. In most languages, the tittle of i or j is omitted when a diacritic is placed in the tittle's usual position (as í or ĵ), but not when the diacritic appears elsewhere (as į, ɉ).

The word tittle is rarely used. Its most prominent occurrence is in the Christian Bible at Matthew 5:18: "For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled" (KJV). The quotation uses them as an example of extremely minor details. The phrase "jot and tittle" indicates that every small detail has received attention.

In the Greek original translated as English "jot and tittle" are found the words iota and keraia ().  Iota is the smallest letter of the Greek alphabet (ι). Alternatively, it may represent yodh (י), the smallest letter of the Hebrew and Aramaic alphabets. "Keraia" is a hook or serif, possibly referring to other Greek diacritics, or possibly to the hooks on Hebrew letters (ב) versus (כ) or cursive scripts for languages derived from Aramaic, such as Syriac, written in Serṭā (ܣܶܪܛܳܐ, 'short line'),  or for adding explicit vowel marks such as crowns (e.g. the Vulgate apex) known as Niqqud that developed with later scribal practices in the Torah. A keraia is also used in printing modern Greek numerals. In many abjads only consonants such as yodh in Hebrew have character forms; a word's phonetic pronunciation depends on unwritten or indistinct vowel markings such that many meanings can be rendered ambiguous or corrupted via oral transmission over time.

Dotless and dotted i

A number of alphabets use dotted and dotless I, both upper and lower case.

In the modern Turkish alphabet, the absence or presence of a tittle distinguishes two different letters representing two different phonemes: the letter "I" / "ı", with the absence of a tittle also on the lower case letter, represents the close back unrounded vowel, while "İ" / "i", with the inclusion of a tittle even on the capital letter, represents the close front unrounded vowel. This practice has carried over to several other Turkic languages, like the Azerbaijani alphabet, Crimean Tatar alphabet, and Tatar alphabet.

In some of the Dene languages of the Northwest Territories in Canada, specifically North Slavey, South Slavey, Tłı̨chǫ and Dëne Sųłıné, all instances of i are undotted to avoid confusion with tone-marked vowels í or ì. The other Dene language of the Northwest Territories, Gwich’in, always includes the tittle on lowercase i.

There is only one letter I in Irish, but i is undotted in the traditional uncial Gaelic script to avoid confusion of the tittle with the buailte overdot found over consonants.  Modern texts replace the buailte with an h, and use the same antiqua-descendant fonts, which have a tittle, as other Latin-alphabet languages.  However, bilingual road signs use dotless i in lowercase Irish text to better distinguish i from í.  The letter "j" is not used in Irish other than in foreign words.

In most Latin-based orthographies, the lowercase letter i loses its dot when a diacritical mark, such as an acute or grave accent, is placed atop the letter. However, the tittle is sometimes retained in some languages. In the Baltic languages, the lowercase letter i sometimes retains a tittle when accented.  In Vietnamese in the 17th century,  the tittle is preserved atop ỉ and ị but not ì and í, as seen in the seminal quốc ngữ reference Dictionarium Annamiticum Lusitanum et Latinum. In modern Vietnamese, a tittle can be seen in ì, ỉ, ĩ, and í in cursive handwriting and some signage. This detail rarely occurs in computers and on the Internet, due to the obscurity of language-specific fonts. In any case, the tittle is always retained in ị.

Quebec French, which retains diacritic marks on capital letters, sometimes retains the tittle on the capital letter i, including in official documentation and road signs for places such as Longueuil, which may be rendered LONGUEUİL.

Phrases

* It is thought that the phrase "to a T" is derived from the word tittle because long before "to a T" became popular, the phrase "to a tittle" was used. 
* The phrase "to dot one's Is and cross one's Ts" is used literally and also to mean "to put the finishing touches to" or "to be thorough".
Question:
What is the dot called above an 'i' or 'j' called?
Answer:
Tittles
Passage:
Which Two-headed God Is January Named After? | Dictionary ...
Which Two-headed God Is January Named After? | Dictionary.com Blog
Home  »  Calendar Events  » Which Two-headed God Is January Named After?
Which Two-headed God Is January Named After?
January 1, 2016 by:  Dictionary.com 559 Comments
January is often considered the month for deep reflection. We look back at the year behind us, bemoaning our regrets and celebrating our successes. And then, we look forward to the future year. We make well-meaning resolutions and hope for the best.
So, in this way, we’re all a little bit like Janus , the Roman god for which January is named. Janus is usually depicted with having two heads. that face in opposite directions. One looks back to the year departed, and one looks forward to the new and uncertain year ahead.
(The poetic term John Keats coined that describes living your life while accepting that it is filled with uncertainty seems apropos to this transitional time. Learn the term and its exact meaning, here .)
The god Saturn bestowed upon Janus this ability to see into the future and past. His name comes from the Latin word ianua , which means “door.” Janus is the god of doors, gates, doorways, bridges, and passageways, all of which symbolize beginnings and ends. Janus also represented transition, such as the time between youth and adulthood.
If you find it odd that a deity with two heads is the namesake for one of our prominent months, consider the story of the obscure, one-armed Norse god that Tuesday is named after . His name, and history, can be found here .
Question:
Who was the Roman God of doorways, gates and passageways?
Answer:
Janus (mythology)
Passage:
White Russian (cocktail)
A White Russian is a cocktail made with vodka, coffee liqueur (e.g., Kahlúa or Tia Maria), and cream served with ice in an Old Fashioned glass. Often milk will be used as an alternative to cream.

Etymology

The traditional cocktail known as a Black Russian, which first appeared in 1949, becomes a White Russian with the addition of cream. Neither drink is Russian in origin, but both are so named due to vodka being the primary ingredient. It is unclear which drink preceded the other.  

The Oxford English Dictionary refers to the first mention of the word "White Russian" in the sense of a cocktail as appearing in California's Oakland Tribune on November 21, 1965.  It was placed in the newspaper as an insert: "White Russian. 1 oz. each Southern, vodka, cream",  with "Southern" referring to Coffee Southern, a contemporary brand of coffee liqueur. 

Preparation 

As with all cocktails, various modes of preparation exist, varying according to the recipes and styles of particular bars or mixologists. Most common varieties have adjusted amounts of vodka or coffee liqueur, or mixed brands of coffee liqueur. Shaking the cream in order to thicken it prior to pouring it over the drink is also common. Kahlúa is the brand of coffee liqueur most commonly associated with White Russians, as it is often synonymous for coffee liqueur.

Variations

Many variants of the cocktail exist, both localised and widely known, such as a White Canadian (made with goat's milk), a Blind Russian (made with Baileys Irish Cream instead of cream – "Blind" comes from the drink being made with all-alcoholic ingredients), a White Mexican (made with horchata), an Anna Kournikova (made with skimmed milk, i.e. a "skinny, low-fat" White Russian), a White Cuban (made with rum instead of vodka), a White Belgian (made with chocolate liqueur instead of coffee liqueur), or a Dirty Russian (made with chocolate milk instead of cream).  

In popular culture

The White Russian is the signature drink of "the Dude", the protagonist of the cult classic The Big Lebowski. In the movie, the Dude refers to it as a "Caucasian."
The cocktail's prominence in the film has been connected to a revival in its popularity.
Question:
What is added to a Black Russian to make it into a White Russian?
Answer:
Heavy whipping cream
Passage:
Sartorius muscle
The sartorius muscle is the longest muscle in the human body. It is a long, thin, superficial muscle that runs down the length of the thigh in the anterior compartment. Its upper portion forms the lateral border of the femoral triangle.

Structure

The sartorius muscle is the longest muscle in the body and arises by tendinous fibres from the anterior superior iliac spine, running obliquely across the upper and anterior part of the thigh in an inferomedial direction.

It descends as far as the medial side of the knee, passing behind the medial condyle of the femur to end in a tendon.

This tendon curves anteriorly to join the tendons of the gracilis and semitendinosus muscles which together form the pes anserinus, finally inserting into the proximal part of the tibia on the medial surface of its body.

Nerve supply

Situated in the anterior fascial compartment of the thigh, the sartorius is innervated via the anterior (or superficial) branch of the femoral nerve (AORN Journal, J. Murauski). The femoral nerve is responsible for both sensory and motor components in the sartorius and provides proprioceptive feedback for the muscle (Anatomy and Physiology 5th edition, K. Saladin)

Variation

Slips of origin  from the outer end of the inguinal ligament, the notch of the ilium, the ilio-pectineal line or the pubis occur.

The muscle may be split into two parts, and one part may be inserted into the fascia lata, the femur, the ligament of the patella or the tendon of the semitendinosus.

The tendon of insertion may end in the fascia lata, the capsule of the knee-joint, or the fascia of the leg.

The muscle may be absent. 

Function

The sartorius muscle assists in flexing, weak abduction and lateral rotation of the hip, and flexion of knee.  Turning the foot to look at the sole, demonstrates all four actions of the sartorius.

Clinical significance

One of the many conditions that can disrupt the use of the sartorius is pes anserine bursitis, an inflammatory condition of the medial portion of the knee. This condition usually occurs in athletes from overuse and is characterized by pain, swelling and tenderness. The pes anserinus is made up from the tendons of the gracilis, semitendinosus, and sartorius muscles; these tendons attach onto the anteromedial proximal tibia.  When inflammation of the bursa underlying the tendons occurs they separate from the head of the tibia (eMedicine, MD. M. Glencross).

An anatomical significance of the sartorius muscle is that it forms one of the boundaries of the femoral triangle along with the inguinal ligament and the adductor longus muscle.  The femoral triangle contains the femoral artery, vein and nerve.

History

Etymology

Sartorius comes from the Latin word sartor, meaning tailor,  and it is sometimes called the tailor's muscle.

There are four hypotheses as to the genesis of the name. One is that this name was chosen in reference to the cross-legged position in which tailors once sat. Another is that it refers to the location of the inferior portion of the muscle being the "inseam" or area of the inner thigh tailors commonly measure when fitting a pant. A third is that the muscle closely resembles a tailor's ribbon. Additionally, antique sewing machines required continuous cross body pedaling. This combination of lateral rotation and flexion of the hip and flexion of the knee gave tailors particularly enlarged sartorius muscles.

Additional images

File:Gray258.png|Bones of the right leg. Anterior surface.
File:Gray344.png|Structures surrounding right hip-joint.
File:Gray430.png|Muscles of the iliac and anterior femoral regions.
File:Thigh_cross_section.svg|Cross-section through the middle of the thigh.
File:Gray434.png|Muscles of the gluteal and posterior femoral regions.
File:Gray545.png|Femoral sheath laid open to show its three compartments.
File:Gray549.png|The left femoral triangle.
File:Gray823.png|The lumbar plexus and its branches.
File:Gray1238.png|Front and medial aspect of right thigh.
File:Anatomical dissection4.JPG|
File:Slide4eee.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide1rrr.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide1www.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide2A.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide2CCCC.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide7GGGGG.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide8NNNNN.JPG|Sartorius muscle
File:Slide2EA.JPG|Muscles of thigh. Cross section.
Question:
The sartorius muscle is found in which part of the human body?
Answer:
Thigh
Passage:
Great Architect of the Universe
The Great Architect of the Universe (also Grand Architect of the Universe or Supreme Architect of the Universe) is a conception of God discussed by many Christian theologians and apologists.  As a designation it is used within Freemasonry to represent deity neutrally (in whatever form, and by whatever name each member may individually believe in).  It is also a Rosicrucian conception of God, as expressed by Max Heindel.  The concept of the demiurge as a grand architect or a great architect also occurs in gnosticism and other religious and philosophical systems.

Christianity

The concept of God as the (Great) Architect of the Universe has been employed many times in Christianity. An illustration of God as the architect of the universe can be found in a Bible from the Middle Ages  and the comparison of God to an architect has been used by Christian apologists and teachers.

Saint Thomas Aquinas said in the Summa: "God, Who is the first principle of all things, may be compared to things created as the architect is to things designed (ut artifex ad artificiata)."   Commentators have pointed out that the assertion that the Grand Architect of the Universe is the Christian God "is not evident on the basis of 'natural theology' alone but requires an additional 'leap of faith' based on the revelation of the Bible". 

John Calvin, in his Institutes of the Christian Religion (1536), repeatedly calls the Christian God "the Architect of the Universe", also referring to his works as "Architecture of the Universe", and in his commentary on Psalm 19 refers to the Christian God as the "Great Architect" or "Architect of the Universe".

Freemasonry

Masonic historians such as William Bissey,  Gary Leazer (quoting Coil's Masonic Encyclopaedia),  and S. Brent Morris,  assert that "the Masonic abbreviation G.A.O.T.U., meaning the Great Architect of the Universe, continues a long tradition of using an allegorical name for the Deity."  They trace how the name and the abbreviation entered Masonic tradition from the Book of Constitutions written in 1723 by the Reverend James Anderson.  They also note that Anderson, a Calvinist minister, probably took the term from Calvin's usage.

Christopher Haffner's own explanation of how the Masonic concept of a Great Architect of the Universe, as a placeholder for the Supreme Being of one's choice, is given in Workman Unashamed:

The Swedish Rite, which has the prerequisite of professing to Christian Faith, uses the form "The Threefold Great Architect of the Universe".

Hermeticism

The Great Architect may also be a metaphor alluding to the godhead potentiality of every individual. "(God)... That invisible power which all know does exist, but understood by many different names, such as God, Spirit, Supreme Being, Intelligence, Mind, Energy, Nature and so forth."   In the Hermetic Tradition, each and every person has the potential to become God, this idea or concept of God is perceived as internal rather than external. The Great Architect is also an allusion to the observer created universe. We create our own reality; hence we are the architect. Another way would be to say that the mind is the builder.

Rosicrucianism

In Heindel's exposition, the Great Architect of the Universe is the Supreme Being, who proceeds from The Absolute, at the dawn of manifestation.  For a detailed discussion, see The Rosicrucian Cosmo-Conception.

Gnosticism

The concept of the Great Architect of the Universe occurs in gnosticism. The Demiurge is The Great Architect of the Universe, the God of Old Testament, in opposition to Christ and Sophia, messengers of Gnosis of the True God.
For example: Gnostics such as the Nasoræans believe the Pira Rabba is the source, origin, and container of all things, which is filled by the Mânâ Rabbâ, the Great Spirit, from which emanates the First Life.  The First Life prays for companionship and progeny, whereupon the Second Life, the Ultra Mkayyema or World-constituting Æon, the Architect of the Universe, comes into being.  From this architect come a number of æons, who erect the universe under the foremanship of the Mandâ d'Hayye or gnôsis zoês, the Personified Knowledge of Life. 

Others

James Hopwood Jeans, in his book The Mysterious Universe, also employs the concept of a Great Architect of the Universe, saying at one point "Lapsing back again into the crudely anthropomorphic language we have already used, we may say that we have already considered with disfavour the possibility of the universe having been planned by a biologist or an engineer; from the intrinsic evidence of his creation, the Great Architect of the Universe now begins to appear as a pure mathematician."    To that Jinarajadasa adds his observation that the Great Architect is "also a Grand Geometrician. For in some manner or other, whether obvious or hidden, there seems to be a geometric basis to every object in the universe." 

The concept of the Demiurge as a benevolent great architect or grand architect of matter occurs in the writings of Plato, including in the Timaeus.

The concept of a Great Architect of the Universe also occurs in Martinism.  Martinist doctrine is that the Great Architect must not be worshipped.  Martinists hold that whilst it is possible to "invoque" Him, it is not to adore Him.
Question:
Which international and somewhat secretive organization refers to God as the Great Architect of the Universe
Answer:
Order de Felicité
Passage:
Marie Trepanier (a Prettier Place): The New Look (1947)
Marie Trepanier (a Prettier Place): The New Look (1947)
The New Look (1947)
Christian Dior (F/W 1954)
 On February 12, 1947, Dior launched his first fashion collection for Spring/Summer 1947 and put an end to the wartime styles that had dominated fashion ever since 1939. The new collection went down in fashion history as the "New Look" after Harpar’s Bazaar editor-in-chief Carmel exclamation, "It's such a New Look!"
During World War II, designers and clothes makers had been forced to adjust their styles to wartime cloth restrictions and rationing due to lack of materials; women's clothes were close fitting, with square shoulders and shorter skirts. Though clothing restrictions were still in effect in France, UK and the US in 1947, Dior's New Look collection violated all the rules of wartime fashion: his outfits had rounded shoulders, full skirts and a narrow waist. The dresses were lined with expensive and luxurious fabrics such as cambric or taffeta and were beautifully detailed. Outfits were accessorized with a hat, often worn to one side, long gloves and simple jewelry. As Dior described it when the clothing line was introduced, the New Look was "symbolic of youth and the future."
Jean Dessès (1951)                                                        Victor Stiebel (1950)
Balenciaga (1955)
Dior's New Look clothes created an international sensation. Critics scolded the designer for ignoring the continued rationing and the economic distress of the war years. They complained that manufacturers didn't have enough cloth to make Dior's full skirts and that women didn't have enough money to buy them. One British politician claimed that the longer skirt was the "ridiculous whim of idle people," while protestors in Paris called out, "40,000 francs for a dress and our children have no milk," according to Nigel Cawthorne, author of The New Look: The Dior Revolution. But women and other designers disagreed. The first women to see the designs at Paris fashion shows raved that femininity had returned to women's clothes. Designers imitated Dior's look for their collections and quickly produced ready-to-wear New Look-inspired clothing lines. (Ready-to-wear refers to clothes that can be bought "off the rack" as opposed to custom designed, tailored clothing.)
       Jean Dessès (1953)                                                       Pierre Balmain (1950)
The New Look killed off the utility clothing of the war years and ushered in a new era in fashion. By 1948 the New Look was the dominant fashion in Paris, London and New York. It continued to be popular for several years.
Photos from the Albert and Victoria Museum, London
Article sources  from the Fashion Encyclopedia and Wikipedia
Question:
Who introduced the 'New Look' in women's fashion in February 1947 ?
Answer:
CHRISTIAN DIOR
Passage:
Octet (computing)
An octet is a unit of digital information in computing and telecommunications that consists of eight bits. The term is often used when the term byte might be ambiguous, since historically there was no standard definition for the size of the byte. The usage of the old term octad(e) for 8 bits is no longer common today.  

Overview

The unit byte is platform-dependent and has represented various storage sizes in the history of computing. However, due to the influence of several major computer architectures and product lines, the byte became overwhelmingly associated with 8 bits. This meaning of byte is codified in such standards as ISO/IEC 80000-13. While to most people today, byte and octet are synonymous, those working with certain legacy systems are careful to avoid ambiguity.

Representation of octets

Octets are often expressed and displayed using a variety of representations, for example in the hexadecimal, decimal, or octal number systems. The binary value of all 8 bits set (or turned on) is , equal to the hexadecimal value , the decimal value , and the octal value . One octet can be used to represent decimal values ranging from 0 to 255.

Octets in IPv4 and IPv6

Octets are used in the representation of Internet Protocol computer network addresses. 

An IPv4 address consists of four octets, usually shown individually as a series of decimal values ranging from 0 to 255, each separated by a full stop (dot). Using octets with all eight bits set, the representation of the highest numbered IPv4 address is 255.255.255.255.

An IPv6 address consists of sixteen octets, shown using hexadecimal representation (two digits per octet) and using a colon character (:) after each pair of octet for readability, like this FE80:0000:0000:0000:0123:4567:89AB:CDEF. If a pair or more consecutive octets equal zero it may be replaced by two following colon characters (::) but this can be used only once in a given IPv6 address to avoid ambiguity. The previously given IPv6 address can thus also be written as FE80::0123:4567:89AB:CDEF. In addition leading zeroes may also be omitted as they are not significant bits in the address. Applying this to the previous example mentioned will result in an IPv6 address of FE80::123:4567:89AB:CDEF.

Definitions

A variable-length sequence of octets, as in Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1),
is referred to as an octet string.

The international standard IEC 60027-2, chapter 3.8.2, says that a byte is an octet of bits.

Use

The term octet (symbol, o) is often used when the use of byte might be ambiguous. It is frequently used in the Request for Comments (RFC) publications of the Internet Engineering Task Force to describe storage sizes of network protocol parameters. The earliest example is RFC 635 from 1974.

In France, French Canada and Romania, octet is used in common language instead of byte when the 8-bit sense is required, for example, a megabyte (MB) is called a megaoctet (Mo).

Historically, the term octad (or octade) was used to specifically denote 8 bits as well at least in Western Europe; however, this usage is no longer common today. The exact origin of this term is unclear, but it can be found in British, Dutch and German sources of the 1960s and 1970s, and throughout the documentation of Philips mainframe computers. Similar terms exist in common English such as triad for a grouping of three and decade for ten.

Unit multiples

Octets can be used with SI prefixes or the binary prefixes (power of 2 prefixes) as standardized by the International Electrotechnical Commission in 1998. 

The SI prefixes kilo, mega, giga, tera, etc., stay the same as for all the SI units, based on power of 10.
In this case:
Question:
How many is an octet?
Answer:
8
Passage:
Weird Asian Martial Arts Weapons - Weird News from all ...
Weird Asian Martial Arts Weapons
Trending Topics
Weird Asian Martial Arts Weapons
From iron claws and meteor hammers to deer antler blades and emei needles, ancient Martial Arts weapons range greatly in shape and design, yet all have only one purpose – to injure. In the hands of a skilled assassin, even the humble chopsticks can become savage weapons.
Brutal metal-link whips, miniature swords disguised as tobacco pipes, fans edges with razor-sharp blades and poison-tipped arrows are all lethal in their own right but pale in comparison with an almost mystical weapon of decapitation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXFHJwjTZeY
1. The Urumi
Also known as “chuttuval,” which means “coiled sword,” this flexible weapon is used in the South Indian Martial Art of Kalaripayatt.
The blade (or multiple blades, as in the urumi pictured here) is flexible enough to be rolled up and stored when not used, or even worn as a belt and whipped out on demand.
The blade or blades are typically razor-sharp and bad news for anyone standing in the vicinity of the person wielding the urumi.
2. The Tekko-kagi (“hand claws”)
Ninjas would use the tekko-kagi claws to guard against sword attacks, allowing them to swipe and potentially knock the sword from an assailant’s hands.
Or, ninjas could use claws the claws offensively against their opponents with devastating results.
Typically made from aluminum, steel, iron or wood, tekko weapons are believed by martial arts historians to have originated when the Bushi in Okinawa, Japan began wielding the steel shoes of their horses as a means of self-defense against assailants.
3. The Kusari-gama
Kusari-gama is a traditional Japanese weapon that consists of Scythe-like blade,Kama, on a metal chain with a heavy iron weight at the end.
This weapon came from the design of the farmer’s scythe but this was not a weapon that farmers used.
The art of handling the Kusarigama is called Kusarigamajutsu.
4. The Nunchaku
A nunchaku is two sections of wood (or metal in modern incarnations) connected by a cord or chain. Chinese nunchaku tend to be rounded, whereas Japanese are octagonal.
The traditional nunchaku is made from a strong, flexible hardwood such as oak, loquat or pasania. Originally, the wood would be submerged in mud for several years, where lack of oxygen and optimal acidity prevent rotting.
The end result is a hardened wood. The rope is made from horsehair, and was traditionally claimed to be able to block a sword. Finally, the wood is very finely sanded and rubbed with an oil or stain for preservation.
5. The Meteor Hammer & Rope Dart
This weapon is comprised of a long rope with twin metal weights, “hammers”, or darts on each end. When used as a weapon, the hammer or dart on the front end is used for attack and the other for protection.
The rope wraps around the neck, back, shoulder, elbow, wrist, thigh, foot, or waist. When the hammer or dart is released, it strikes outward with stunning and surprising speed. It is one of Chinese martial arts’ most unique and difficult-to-master weapons.
6. San-Jie-Gun (Three Section Staff)
The three sectional staff, is a historical weapon, which appears in the Chinese book “Sangokushi”. Its distinctive feature is three 70 cm sticks chained together making it much longer than a long staff.
It can be swung around, or as a staff, using one’s whole body space to fend off an attacker. A Chinese weapon constructed from three pieces of wood connected by metal rings at their ends. Lengths of the sections are roughly equal, each about the length of the practitioner’s arms (with the diameter around one inch).
The three sectional staff can be used as a long range weapon when held at one end and swung freely, or a short-range weapon when two of the sections are held and used to strike or parry.
7. Shurikens (Throwing Star)
One of the most popular weapons of the Ninja, the shuriken was used as more of a distraction than an actual weapon. Although they can hurt they rarely penetrate deep enough to kill. Shurikens come with anywhere from 4 to 12 points traditionally.
8. Tessen (Iron Fan)
Folding fans with outer spokes made of iron which were designed to look like regular, harmless folding fans or solid clubs shaped to look like a closed fan.
Samurai could take these to places where swords or other overt weapons were not allowed, and some swordsmanship schools included training in the use of the tessen as a weapon.
The tessen was also used for fending off arrows and darts, as a throwing weapon, and as an aid in swimming, like hand-flippers.
Question:
What is the name of the traditional Japanese hand-concealed weapon, often in the form of a star with projecting blades or points?
Answer:
Bo-shuriken
Passage:
New Hebrides
New Hebrides, named for the Hebrides Scottish archipelago, was the colonial name for the island group in the South Pacific Ocean that now is the nation of Vanuatu. Native people had inhabited the islands for three thousand years before the first Europeans arrived in 1606 from a Spanish expedition led by Pedro Fernandes de Queirós. The islands were colonized by both the British and French in the 18th century, shortly after Captain James Cook visited the islands.

The two countries eventually signed an agreement making the islands an Anglo-French condominium, which divided the New Hebrides into two separate communities: one Anglophone and one Francophone. This divide continues even after independence, with schools teaching in either one language or the other, and with different political parties.  The condominium lasted from 1906 until 1980, when the New Hebrides gained their independence as Vanuatu.

Politics and economy 

The New Hebrides was a rare form of colonial territory in which sovereignty was shared by two powers, Britain and France, instead of just one. Under the Condominium there were three separate governments – one French, one British, and one joint administration that was partially elected after 1975.

The French and British governments were called residencies, each headed by a resident appointed by the metropolitan government. The residency structure greatly emphasized dualism, with both consisting of an equal number of French and British representatives, bureaucrats and administrators. Every member of one residency always had an exact mirror opposite number on the other side who they could consult. The symmetry between the two residencies was almost exact.

The joint government consisted of both local and European officials. It had jurisdiction over the postal service, public radio station, public works, infrastructure, and censuses, among other things. The two main cities of Santo and Port Vila also had city councils, but these did not have a great deal of authority.

Local people could choose whether to be tried under the British common law or the French civil law. Visitors could choose which immigration rules to enter under. Nationals of one country could set up corporations under the laws of the other. In addition to these two legal systems, a third Native Court existed to handle cases involving Melanesian customary law. There was also a Joint Court, composed of British and French judges. The President of the Joint Court was appointed by the King of Spain until 1939 when the post was abolished after the retirement of the last President, partly due to the abolition of the Spanish monarchy in 1931. 

There were two prison systems to complement the two court systems. The police force was technically unified but consisted of two chiefs and two equal groups of officers wearing two different uniforms. Each group alternated duties and assignments.

Language was a serious barrier to the operation of this naturally inefficient system, as all documents had to be translated once to be understood by one side, then the response translated again to be understood by the other, though Bislama creole represented an informal bridge between the British and the French camps.
Question:
The New Hebrides Condominium changed its name to which present title when it became independent in 1980?
Answer:
Vanuata
