Passage:
Halloumi
Halloumi () or hellim  (Turkish) (from  ) is a Cypriot semi-hard, unripened brined cheese made from a mixture of goat's and sheep's milk, and sometimes also cow's milk.     It has a high melting point and so can easily be fried or grilled.  Halloumi is set with rennet and is unusual in that no acid or acid-producing bacterium is used in its preparation. 

Halloumi is popular in the Levant, Greece and Turkey.   It has recently become very popular in the United Kingdom. 

Cypriot Halloumi/Hellim

Halloumi cheese originated in Cyprus in the Medieval Byzantine period (AD 395 – 1191),  and subsequently became popular throughout the Middle East.

The cheese is white, with a distinctive layered texture, similar to mozzarella and has a salty flavour. It is stored in its natural juices with salt-water and can keep for up to a year if frozen below  and defrosted to  before sale. It is often garnished with mint, a practice based in the belief that halloumi keeps better and stays fresher and more flavoursome when wrapped with mint leaves. In accordance with this tradition, many packages of halloumi contain fragments of mint leaves on the surface of the cheese.

The cheese is often used in cooking and can be fried until brown without melting, owing to its higher-than-normal melting point. This makes it an excellent cheese for frying or grilling (like for saganaki) or fried and served with vegetables, or as an ingredient in salads. Cypriots like eating halloumi with watermelon in the warm months, and as halloumi and lountza, a combination of halloumi cheese and either a slice of smoked pork, or a soft lamb sausage.

The resistance to melting comes from the fresh curd being heated before being shaped and placed in brine.  Traditional halloumi is a semicircular shape, about the size of a large wallet, weighing 220–270 g. The fat content is approximately 25% wet weight, 47% dry weight with about 17% protein. Its firm texture when cooked causes it to squeak on the teeth when being chewed.

Traditional halloumi is made from unpasteurised sheep and goat milk. Many people also like halloumi that has been aged; kept in its brine, it is much drier, much stronger and much saltier, making it very different from the milder halloumi generally used in the West.

Halloumi is registered as a protected Cypriot product within the United States (since the 1990s) but not yet in the European Union. The delay in registering the name halloumi with the EU has been largely due to a conflict between dairy producers and sheep and goat farmers as to whether registered halloumi may contain cow’s milk, and how much.  Most Cypriots agree that, traditionally, halloumi was made from sheep and goat milk, since there were few cows on the island until they were brought over by the British in the 20th century. But as demand grew, industrial cheese-makers began pouring more of the cheaper and more-plentiful cow's milk into their cauldrons. 

Other countries

Halloumi is also popular in many parts of the Middle East such as Lebanon, Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Israel, Egypt and Iraq. In most of the Arab states, the cheese is called halloum and it is served with meze. In Israel, it is called by its Greek name. Halloumi in Israel is sometimes fried in olive oil and served for breakfast and served with meze. It is also eaten with fish.

Etymology

The name "halloumi" is derived from the Egyptian Arabic, itself a loanword from Coptic halum 'cheese', referring to a cheese that was eaten in medieval Egypt. P. Papademas, "Halloumi Cheese", p. 117ff, in Adnan Tamime, ed., Brined Cheeses in the Society of Dairy Technology series, Blackwell 2006, ISBN 1-4051-2460-1  In modern Egypt, hâlûmi is similar to Cypriot "halloumi" but is essentially a different cheese, is eaten either fresh or brined and spiced.

Nutritional facts

100 grams of commercially produced packaged halloumi has a typical composition of:
Question:
Halloumi cheese originated on which Mediterranean island?
Answer:
Culture of Cyprus
Passage:
Lily the Pink (song)
"Lily the Pink" is a 1968 song released by the UK comedy group the Scaffold. It is a modernisation of an older folk song titled "The Ballad of Lydia Pinkham". The lyrics celebrate the "medicinal compound" invented by Lily the Pink, and, in each verse, chronicle some extraordinary cure it has effected.

The Scaffold version

The Scaffold's record, released in November 1968, became No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart for the four weeks encompassing the Christmas holidays that year.   

Backing vocalists on the recording included Graham Nash (of the Hollies), Elton John (then Reg Dwight), and Tim Rice; while Jack Bruce (of Cream) played the bass guitar.  

The lyrics include a number of in-jokes. For example, the line Mr Frears has sticky out ears refers to film director Stephen Frears who had worked with the Scaffold early in their career; while the line Jennifer Eccles had terrible freckles refers to the song "Jennifer Eccles" by the Hollies, Graham Nash's former band.

Covers and derivative versions

Another version of the song, released a few months after the Scaffold's by the Irish Rovers, became a minor hit for North American audiences in early 1969. At a time when covers were released almost as soon as the originals, the release from the Rovers' Tales to Warm Your Mind Decca LP became a second favorite behind "The Unicorn".

The song has since been adopted by the folk community. It has been performed live by the Brobdingnagian Bards and other Celtic-style folk and folk artists.

The song was successfully adapted into French by Richard Anthony in 1969: this version described humorously the devastating effects of a so-called panacée (universal medicine).

Earlier folk song

The U.S. American folk (or drinking) song on which Lily the Pink was based is generally known as "Lydia Pinkham" or "The Ballad of Lydia Pinkham". It has the Roud number 8368.  The song was inspired by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, a well-known herbal-alcoholic patent medicine for women. Supposed to relieve menstrual and menopausal pains, the compound was mass-marketed in the United States from 1876 onwards.

The song was certainly in existence by the time of the First World War. F. W. Harvey records it being sung in officers' prisoner-of-war camps in Germany, and ascribes it to Canadian prisoners.  According to Harvey, the words of the first verse ran:
Have you heard of Lydia Pinkum,
And her love for the human race?
How she sells (she sells, she sells) her wonderful compound,
And the papers publish her face?

In many versions, the complaints which the compound had cured were highly ribald in nature. During the Prohibition era (1920–33) in the United States, the medicine (like other similar patent medicines) had a particular appeal as a readily available 40-proof alcoholic drink, and it is likely that this aided the popularity of the song. A version of the song was the unofficial regimental song of the Royal Tank Corps during World War II.
Question:
Which group had a hit with 'Lily the Pink' in 1969?
Answer:
Scaffold (band)
Passage:
Wild Cats of North America - the Comprehensive Cat Site
Wild Cats of North America
Wild Cats of North America
Ocelot
(Leopardus pardalis)
The Ocelot has short tawny or reddish brown fur with black spots and rosette shaped marks. The belly is white. The face has two black stripes down each side. There is a white spot behind each ear and  white marks round the eyes and mouth. The tail...  Read more >
Margay
(Leopardus weidii)
The Margay is a small cat, and resembles a small Ocelot. It is a spotted cat with tan, grayish or cinnamon colored fur with rows of dark brown spots along the body. The belly is white. The coat is thick and soft.  Read more >
Canada Lynx
(Lynx canadensis)
The Canada Lynx is yellowish-brown, and sometimes has dark brown spots. The fur on the head and back is often a grizzled with gray. The belly is pale buff.  The tail is fairly short with a dark tip and often has dark rings. The fur is long and...  Read more >
Bobcat
(Lynx rufus)
The Bobcat coat is  buff and brown with some dark brown or black stripes and spots. The tail is tipped with black. The ears have tufts of hair on the tips and there are longer hair tufts on the sides of the head.  Read more >
Jaguar
(Panthera onca)
The Jaguar is a large tan cat with black spots and rings. Some Jaguars are all black. Jaguars are similar in appearance to leopards but are stockier and have a larger head.  Read more >
Cougar
(Puma concolor)
The Cougar (also known as the Mountain Lion or Puma)  is a large, slender cat. The fur is short and color varies from yellow brown to gray brown above, with pale underside. The chest and throat are white. The nose is pink with a black border. The...  Read more >
Jaguarundi
(Puma yagouaroundi)
The Jaguarundi is small cat, not much bigger than a domestic cat. It has a long body and fairly short legs compared with other American cats. There are two main color variations - a dark grey black form and  a reddish brown form. The coat is fairly...  Read more >
Question:
What is the biggest cat native to the Americas?
Answer:
Onca-pintada
Passage:
Rise Like a Phoenix
"Rise Like a Phoenix" is a pop song performed by Austrian singer Conchita Wurst, and the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2014. Selected to represent Austria at the Eurovision Song Contest in Denmark,  its official release on 18 March 2014 was followed on 21 March by Conchita's first live TV performance of the song, on the ORF show Dancing Stars.   "Rise Like a Phoenix" was Austria's second winning entry in the competition, their first being in 1966.

Background

Composer Zuckowski had originally composed the song for another project. Every major record label in Austria had refused to produce "Rise Like a Phoenix". A request came from  the Austrian Eurovision team about possible contributions, and he immediately thought of this song, reasoning "I knew that with this song still something great was going to happen". The song was entered into the ORF internal selection process and was ultimately chosen to represent the country. 

Music video

A music video to accompany the release of "Rise Like a Phoenix" was first released onto YouTube on 18 March 2014 at a total length of three minutes and five seconds. 

Release

The song was released by the ORF on 18 March 2014.  The accompanying music video was premiered on YouTube on the same day, while the song was offered on the ORF website for download.

Critical reception

Stern gave the song a rating of 4 out of 5. 1966 Austrian winner Udo Jürgens said the song was "a well-composed song with a beautiful musical bow", and as the lyrics suggest, "rises from the ashes".

Track listing

Charts and certifications

Weekly charts

Certifications

Release history

Trivia

The style of "Rise Like a Phoenix" is very similar to many James Bond film theme songs; spoof videos have been created on YouTube and many have speculated about the song becoming the next James Bond theme.
Question:
"Which Austrian performed the winning song, ""Rise Like a Phoenix"", at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014?"
Answer:
Queen of Austria
Passage:
Genuphobia
Genuphobia (from Latin word genu meaning "knee") is the fear of one's own knees or someone else's knees or the act of kneeling. 

 

Causes

The phobia could be the result of a negative experience in a person’s life that was associated with knees. The discomfort at the sight of one's knees could be the result of the person’s parents or themselves wearing exclusively clothing that covered the knees growing up, therefore making the person unfamiliar with the sight of them. It could be the result of a traumatic injury that left a scar on the individual’s knee or on someone that they know.

Fear

Some people fear kneeling because it is a form of submission. Symptoms include but are not limited to becoming sick to the stomach, excessive sweating, dry mouth, and anxiety when presented with a situation including knees or kneeling. Sufferers fear the uncomfortable feeling they experience at the sight of knees or they fear the recollection of the injury and the pain associated with it.

Treatment

As with most phobias this fear can be treated with therapy and / or medication to relieve the feeling of anxiety the person suffers as a result of this phobia.
Question:
Genuphobia is the irrational fear of what part of the body?
Answer:
Knees
Passage:
1998 Winter Olympics
The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially the , was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7 to 22 February 1998 in Nagano, Japan.

72 nations and 2,176 participants contested in 7 sports and 68 events at 15 venues. The Games saw the introduction of women's ice hockey, curling and snowboarding. National Hockey League players were allowed to participate in the men's ice hockey.

The host was selected on June 15, 1991, over Salt Lake City, Östersund, Jaca and Aosta. They were the third Olympic Games and second winter Olympics to be held in Japan, after the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. Nagano is so far the southernmost city to host a Winter Olympics, next to Squaw Valley, host of the 1960 Winter Olympics. The games were succeeded by the 1998 Winter Paralympics from 5 to 14 March. These were the final Winter Olympic Games under the IOC Presidency of  Juan Antonio Samaranch.

Host city selection

Other candidate cities for the 1998 Olympics were Aosta, Italy; Jaca, Spain; Östersund, Sweden; and Salt Lake City, United States. The host city selection was held in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 15 June 1991, at the 97th IOC session. Nagano prevailed over Salt Lake City by just 4 votes. In June 1995, Salt Lake was chosen as the host of the following 2002 Winter Olympics.

Mascots

Sukki, Nokki, Lekki and Tsukki, also known as the Snowlets are the 1998 Winter Olympic mascots and are four snowy owls. They represent respectively fire (Sukki), air (Nokki), earth (Lekki) and water (Tsukki) and together they represent the four major islands of Japan.

Highlights

Bjørn Dæhlie won 3 gold medals in cross-country skiing, making him the Winter Olympic competitor with the most wins ever. Alpine skier Hermann Maier survived a fall in the downhill and went on to win gold in the super-G and giant slalom. Netherlands won 5 of the 10 speed skating events, including 2 each by Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer. Canada beat Denmark in the women's curling final, securing the latter their first Winter Olympic medal ever.

* Women's ice hockey was contested at the Olympic Games for the first time ever, and the United States beat the Canadians 3–1 for the gold medal. United States went undefeated in the women's tournament. The Czech Republic defeated Russia by a score of 1–0 for the men's gold medal, while Finland won both the men's and women's bronze medals for ice hockey.
* Cross-country skier Bjørn Dæhlie of Norway won three gold medals in Nordic skiing to become the first winter Olympian to earn eight career gold medals and twelve total medals.
* Curling returned as an official sport, after having been demoted to a demonstration event after the inaugural Winter Games in Chamonix in 1924.
* Snowboarding debuted as an official sport.
* Players from the NHL were able to compete in men's ice hockey due to a three-week suspension of the NHL season.
* Tara Lipinski, 15, narrowly beat Michelle Kwan in women's figure skating to become the youngest champion in an individual event in the history of the Winter Olympics.
* Alpine skier Hermann Maier (Austria) survived a fall in the downhill and went on to gold in the super-g and giant slalom.
* Speed skaters Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer won two gold medals each for the Netherlands; 5 out of 10 titles in speed skating went to the Netherlands.
* Snowboarder Ross Rebagliati (Canada) won the gold medal, after initially being disqualified for testing positive for marijuana.
* Azerbaijan, Kenya, the Republic of Macedonia, Uruguay, and Venezuela made their first appearance at the Olympic Winter Games.
* Denmark won their first winter Olympic medal (and only one to date) when they won a silver medal in the women's curling event.
* Australia won their first individual Winter Olympic medal when Zali Steggall won bronze in the women's slalom.

Events

There were 68 events contested in 7 sports (14 disciplines).

*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*

Venues

Hakuba
*Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium: Nordic combined (ski jumping), Ski jumping
*Happo'one Resort: Alpine skiing (Downhill, Super G, combined)
*Snow Harp, Kamishiro: Cross-country skiing, Nordic combined (cross-country skiing)

Iizuna
*Iizuna Kogen Ski Area: Freestyle skiing
*Spiral, Asakawa: Bobsleigh, Luge

Karuizawa
*Kazakoshi Park Arena: Curling

Nagano
*Minami Nagano Sports Park: Ceremonies (opening/ closing)
*Aqua Wing Arena: Ice hockey
*Big Hat: Ice hockey (final)
*M-Wave: Speed skating
*White Ring: Figure skating, Short track speed skating

Nozawaonsen:
*Nozawa Onsen Ski Resort: Biathlon

Yamanouchi
*Mount Higashidate: Alpine skiing (giant slalom)
*Mount Yakebitai, Shiga Kogen Resort: Alpine skiing (slalom), Snowboarding (giant slalom)
*Kanbayashi Snowboard Park: Snowboarding (Half-Pipe)

Calendar

Medal count

(Host nation is highlighted.)

Participating National Olympic Committees

72 nations participated in the 1998 Winter Olympic Games. The nations Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay, and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.

The following 13 countries registered to take part, but eventually did not send a team. 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*
Question:
Which country hosted the 1998 Winter Olympic Games?
Answer:
日本國
Passage:
Leofric, Earl of Mercia
Leofric (died 31 August or 30 September 1057) was an Earl of Mercia. He founded monasteries at Coventry and Much Wenlock. Leofric is most remembered as the husband of Lady Godiva.

Life

Leofric was the son of Leofwine, Ealdorman of the Hwicce, who witnessed a charter in 997 for King Æthelred II. Leofric had three brothers: Northman, Edwin and Godwine. It is likely that Northman is the same as Northman Miles ("Northman the knight") to whom King Æthelred II granted the village of Twywell in Northamptonshire in 1013 .  Northman, according to the Chronicle of Crowland Abbey, the reliability of which is often doubted by historians, says he was a retainer (knight) of Eadric Streona, the Earl of Mercia.Baxter, Earls of Mercia, pp. 29–30, and n. 45 for reference It adds that Northman had been killed upon Cnut's orders along with Eadric and others for this reason. Cnut "made Leofric ealdorman in place of his brother Northman, and afterwards held him in great affection." 

Becoming Earl of Mercia made him one of the most powerful men in the land, second only to the ambitious Earl Godwin of Wessex, among the mighty earls. Leofric may have had some connection by marriage to Ælfgifu of Northampton, the first wife of Cnut, which might help to explain why he was the chief supporter of her son Harold Harefoot against Harthacnut, Cnut's son by Emma of Normandy, when Cnut died in 1035.  However, Harold died in 1040 and was succeeded by his brother Harthacnut, who made himself unpopular by implementing heavy taxation during his short reign. Two of his tax-collectors were killed at Worcester by angry locals. The king was so enraged by this that in 1041 he ordered Leofric and his other earls to plunder and burn the city, and lay waste to the surrounding area.  This command must have sorely tested Leofric, since Worcester was the cathedral city of the Hwicce, his people.

When Harthacnut died suddenly in 1042, he was succeeded by his half-brother Edward the Confessor. Leofric loyally supported Edward when Edward came under threat at Gloucester, from Earl Godwin, in 1051. Leofric and Earl Siward of Northumbria gathered a great army to meet that of Godwin. His advisors counseled Edward that battle would be folly, since there would be important members of the nobility on both sides; the loss of these men, should many die in battle, would leave England open to its enemies. So in the end the issue was resolved by less bloody means: Earl Godwin and his family were outlawed for a time. Earl Leofric's power was then at its height. But in 1055 Leofric's own son Ælfgar was outlawed, "without any fault", says the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. Ælfgar raised an army in Ireland and Wales and brought it to Hereford, where he clashed with the army of Earl Ralph of Herefordshire and severely damaged the town. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle wryly comments "And then when they had done most harm, it was decided to reinstate Earl Ælfgar".

Leofric died in 1057 at his estate at Kings Bromley in Staffordshire. According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, he died on 30 September, but the chronicler of Worcester gives the date as 31 August. Both agree that he was buried at Coventry.  Leofric was succeeded by his son Ælfgar as earl.

Religious works

Earl Leofric and Godiva were noted for great generosity to religious houses. In 1043 he founded and endowed a Benedictine monastery at Coventry.[http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?doseek&query
S+1226 Anglo-Saxons.net : S 1226] John of Worcester tells us that "He and his wife, the noble Countess Godgifu, a worshipper of God and devout lover of St Mary ever-virgin, built the monastery there from the foundations out of their own patrimony, and endowed it adequately with lands and made it so rich in various ornaments that in no monastery in England might be found the abundance of gold, silver, gems and precious stones that was at that time in its possession."

In the 1050s Leofric and Godiva appear jointly as benefactors in a document granting land to the monastery of St Mary, Worcester,[http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?doseek&query
S+1232 Anglo-Saxons.net : S 1232] and the endowment of the minster at Stow St Mary, Lincolnshire.[http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?doseek&query
S+1478 Anglo-Saxons.net : S 1478] They are commemorated as benefactors of other monasteries as well, at Leominster, Chester, Much Wenlock, and Evesham.

Family

Apart from Northman, killed in 1017, Leofric had at least two other brothers: Edwin was killed in battle by Gruffydd ap Llywelyn in 1039, and Godwine died some time before 1057.

Leofric may have married more than once. His famous wife Godiva survived him and may have been a second or later wife. Since there is some question about the date of marriage for Leofric and Godgifu (Godiva), it is not clear whether she was the mother of Ælfgar, Leofric's only known child. If Godiva was married to Earl Leofric later than about 1010, she could not have been the mother of Ælfgar. 

Other

Leofric used a double-headed eagle as his personal emblem, and this has been adopted by various units of the British Army as a symbol for Mercia. 

Historians disagree extensively on the character of Leofric. Folklore tends to depict him as an unfeeling overlord who imposed over-taxation, whereas many historians object to this, and consider it as part of the Lady Godiva myth; they suggest that he was a strong and respected leader. There is also great disagreement over his reputation as a military leader: some historians believe Leofric to have been weak in this respect, but others go as far as to give him the title 'Hammer of the Welsh'.

In popular culture

On screen, Leofric was portrayed by Roy Travers in the British silent short Lady Godiva (1928), George Nader in the film Lady Godiva of Coventry (1955), and Tony Steedman in the BBC TV series Hereward the Wake (1965). He also may have inspired “The Last Kingdom” character, “Leofric”.

Citations

Sources

*
Question:
In English history, who was the legendary wife of King Leofric, Earl of Mercia?
Answer:
Godgyfu
Passage:
Daniel Cousin
Daniel Michel Cousin (born 2 February 1977 in Libreville) is a retired Gabonese footballer who played as a striker. He played for Martigues, Chamois Niortais, Le Mans Union Club 72, RC Lens, Rangers, Hull City, Larissa and  Sapins, as well as the Gabon national team.

Early life

Born in Libreville, Estuaire Province, Cousin moved to France when he was three. 

Club career

France

Cousin played in the lower leagues in France for Martigues and Niort before moving to Le Mans Union Club 72.

He joined RC Lens in the summer of 2004. Whilst at RC Lens he appeared in the UEFA Cup in both 05/06 and 06/07 starting 13 games with 2 appearances as a sub netting 8 goals in the process. RC Lens qualified for the 05/06 tournament after triumphing in the Intertoto Cup competition with Cousin starting in 5 games, making 3 sub appearances and scoring 3 goals including one in the final itself versus CFR Cluj of Romania.

Rangers

On 9 August 2007, Cousin arrived at Murray Park in Glasgow to hold contract talks over a move and signed a three-year deal for a reported fee of £750,000.  He scored his first goal for Rangers on his debut in a 2–0 home league win against St Mirren on 11 August 2007,  and scored twice on his first start a week later against Falkirk. 

Cousin played at Ibrox, against Lyon in the UEFA Champions League on 12 December 2007. Rangers lost 3–0 with Cousin playing the first half before getting substituted for Steven Naismith in that game.  In November 2007 he was linked with a transfer away from Rangers, and it was reported that he had a release clause in his current contract which means he could leave in January 2008. This was denied by Rangers but the club did reveal there was a £3 million release clause during the 2008 summer transfer window. 

Cousin intensified speculation about his departure when he was reported as ridiculing his Rangers team mates over their drinking and dietary habits ahead of a crucial game with Lyon.  This was later denied by Cousin, who said he had been misquoted. 

On 21 January 2008 it was reported that Premier League side Fulham had had a £2 million bid rejected by Rangers manager Walter Smith.  The next day a bid of £3 million from Fulham activated a release clause,  however FIFA regulations meant Cousin required special dispensation to complete the move.  On 29 January, the transfer was cancelled as FIFA did not grant permission  but it later emerged that FIFA had not reached a decision over the transfer.  On 29 February, FIFA announced it would not allow the deal to be completed. 

On 1 May 2008, Cousin was sent off during extra time of the Fiorentina v Rangers UEFA Cup semi-final second leg match for a headbutt. Despite Cousin's sending off, Rangers progressed to win the game on penalties. A matter of days later, he did the same to Dundee United defender Lee Wilkie, in a 3–1 win  mired in refereeing controversy.   Although he was not sent off, Cousin was widely criticised for his stupidity.  On 31 August, Cousin scored the opening goal in the first Old Firm match of the season. Rangers went on to win the match 4–2 and he was later sent off for two bookable offences.  This was the player's final game for Rangers.

Hull City

On 1 September 2008, Cousin signed for English Premier League side Hull City on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.  Cousin scored his first Hull goal against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on 27 September 2008.  His header was the decisive goal and helped to exalt Hull City to a historic 2–1 victory over Arsenal.  He scored against Manchester United at Old Trafford  before scoring again at home to Manchester City.  On 1 September 2009, a loan deal to Premier League rivals Burnley fell through.  In total, Cousin scored five goals in 33 matches for the Tigers.

Larissa

Cousin joined the Greek side Larissa on loan for the second half of the 2009–10 season.  He was the second player from Gabon to play for Larissa after Henry Antchouet. The transfer was made permanent on 18 August 2010.  Despite a good performance the following season, Larissa were relegated from the top tier, and he left the club. 

Sapins

On 13 October 2011, Cousin returned home to Gabon to play for local team Sapins FC in an attempt to boost his chances of playing at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. The deal with Sapins allowed the striker to leave without any conditions if he received an offer from a club in Europe. Cousin was released by Sapins on 31 January 2012.  Cousin agreed personal terms to rejoin Rangers until the end of the season,  but Rangers entered administration and had a transfer embargo applied by the Scottish Premier League. When Rangers attempted to register Cousin with the league, their application was rejected.

International career

Cousin made his debut for Gabon on 23 January 2000 in a 3–1 defeat to South Africa. He participated in all three of Gabon's matches at the 2000 Africa Cup of Nations. On 2 September 2006 he was made captain of the national team and led them to a 4–0 win over Madagascar. He scored the only goal in a 1–0 win at the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations over Cameroon.

On 4 September 2014 Cousin has been named general manager of Gabon.
Question:
Playing for Hull City last season, Daniel Cousin is the only footballer from which country to have played in the Premier League?
Answer:
BDG
Passage:
Reginald Dorman-Smith
Colonel Sir Reginald Hugh Dorman-Smith, GBE (1899–1977), was an Anglo-Irish diplomat, soldier and politician in the British Empire.

Early life and politics

Dorman-Smith was educated at Harrow School and then went to the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. After serving in the army, he continued his career with a strong interest in agriculture, becoming President of the National Farmers Union (the NFU) at the age of 32, and then later Minister of Agriculture. He was first elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Petersfield in the 1935 general election as one of a handful of MPs sponsored by the NFU and served as the Union's President for the next few years.

In the late 1930s, the British Government's agricultural policy came in for heavy criticism from the NFU, Parliament and the Press and in January 1939 Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain took the bold step of appointing Dorman-Smith as Minister of Agriculture. In October 1940 Dorman-Smith instigated the Government's Dig for Victory campaign, aimed at increasing food production from allotments. However when Chamberlain fell, Dorman-Smith was not included in the government of his successor, Winston Churchill.

Governor of Burma

Dorman-Smith was the 2nd Governor of Burma from 6 May 1941 to 31 August 1946 and was therefore in office at the time of the Japanese invasion - and was expelled from the country by the Japanese. Between May 1942 and Oct 1945 he was in exile at Simla, India. In October 1943, Dorman-Smith made a speech in London before the East Indian Association. His speech lamented the fact that while the British had talked for years about self-government and reform in Asia, they had delivered very little of it which had damaged their credibility. He said:

Neither our word nor our intentions are trusted in that part of the globe ... We have fed such countries as Burma on political formulae until they are sick at the very sight and sound of a formula, which has come, as far as my experience shows, to be looked upon as a very British means of avoiding a definite course of action.

The speech said that pre-war British policy on these subjects was discredited and a new credible approach was required after the war.

Major-General Sir Hubert Rance, the British military commander, took control of the country for the military after the liberation of Rangoon, but Dorman-Smith returned as Governor in 1946. Dorman-Smith considered arresting Aung San for a murder he committed in 1942. In that year, Aung San had stabbed the restrained headman of Thebyugone village to death in front of a large crowd. Dorman-Smith was convinced by his superiors not to carry out the arrest.

While Dorman-Smith was back in the UK for medical reasons he was replaced by Rance, who was supported by Lord Mountbatten of Burma and fully backed a policy of immediate unconditional independence for Burma under the leadership of the AFPFL.

Simla Conference 1944

As the Governor of Burma, Sir Reginald Dorman-Smith met with Anglo-Burmese leaders in Simla in 1944, to discuss the future of the Anglo-Burmese community after the war.

The Anglo-Burmese delegates were:

*Mr. G. Kirkham
*Mr. H.J. Mitchell B.Fr.S.
*Mr. J. Barrington I.C.S.
*Mr. K.W. Foster B.C.S.
*Mr. E.A. Franklin I.C.S
*Mr. W.A. Gibson
*Mrs. K. Russell
*Mr. H. Elliott
*Mr. C.H. Campagnac
*Mr. J.A. Wiseham
*Mr. J.F. Blake

One of the results of the conference was the giving of an assurance to the Anglo-Burmese community that they would be allowed to preserve their freedom of worship and allowed to teach their own religion, freedom to continue their own customs, and maintain their own language of English.

After leaving Burma, Dorman-Smith continued to take an interest in its affairs. He believed that if London had not intervened, he could have influenced the course of events in Burma so as to prevent the country from leaving the Commonwealth.

Family

Dorman-Smith was born into an Anglo-Irish gentry family near Cootehill, County Cavan, Ireland, and was educated at Harrow and Sandhurst. He served briefly in the British Indian Army before being invalided out, then joined a volunteer battalion of the Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey).

One of Dorman-Smith's two brothers, Eric, was a major-general in the British Army in the Second World War. After falling out with the British establishment, he became an Irish republican sympathiser and changed his name to Dorman O'Gowan. His other brother, Victor, was a Royal Navy captain.
Question:
Sir Reginald Dorman Smith, former British Minister of Agriculture, instigated which campaign during WW2 to encourage people to convert land for growing more fruit and vegetables
Answer:
Victory garden
Passage:
Black Forest gateau
Black Forest gâteau (British English) and Black Forest cake (American English) are the English names for the German dessert Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte, literally "Black Forest cherry-torte", where it originated.

Typically, Black Forest gateau consists of several layers of chocolate sponge cake sandwiched with whipped cream and cherries. It is decorated with additional whipped cream, maraschino cherries, and chocolate shavings. In some European traditions, sour cherries are used both between the layers and for decorating the top.  Traditionally, kirschwasser, a clear spirit made from sour cherries, is added to the cake.  Other spirits are sometimes used, such as rum, which is common in Austrian recipes. In India, Black Forest cake is generally prepared without alcohol. German law mandates that kirschwasser must be present in the cake for it to be labelled a Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte. True Black Forest gâteaus are decorated with black cherries. 

History

The dessert is named not directly after the Black Forest (Schwarzwald) mountain range in southwestern Germany but rather from the specialty liquor of that region, known as Schwarzwälder Kirsch(wasser) and distilled from tart cherries. This is the ingredient, with its distinctive cherry pit flavor and alcoholic content, that gives the dessert its flavor. Cherries, cream, and Kirschwasser were first combined in the form of a dessert in which cooked cherries were served with cream and Kirschwasser, while a cake combining cherries, cookies / biscuits and cream (but without Kirschwasser) probably originated in Germany.

Today, the Swiss canton of Zug is world-renowned for its Zuger Kirschtorte, a cookie / biscuit-based cake which formerly contained no Kirschwasser. A version from the canton of Basel also exists. The confectioner  (1887–1981) claimed to have invented Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte in its present form in 1915 at the then prominent Café Agner in Bad Godesberg, now a suburb of Bonn about 500 km north of the Black Forest. This claim, however, has never been substantiated. 

Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte was first mentioned in writing in 1934.  At the time it was particularly associated with Berlin but was also available from high-class confectioners in other German, Austrian, and Swiss cities. In 1949 it took 13th place in a list of best-known German cakes, and since that time Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte has become world-renowned.

World records

The record for the world's largest authentic Black Forest gâteau was set at Europa Park, Germany on 16 July 2006, by K&D Bakery.    Measuring nearly 80m² and weighing 3,000kg, the cake, which was 10m in diameter, used up 700L of cream, 5,600 eggs, 800kg of cherries, 40kg of chocolate shavings, and 120l of Kirsch.   On 9 December 2012, a team led by chefs Jörg Mink and Julien Bompard made Asia's biggest Black Forest cake at the S-One Expo  in Singapore.  The 500-kg cake was made from 165L of cream, 1,500 eggs, 68kg of cherries, 60kg of chocolate shavings, and 10L of Kirsch. 

Swedish "Black Forest cake"

A Swedish cake called Schwarzwaldtårta is related to the traditional Black Forest gâteau only by name. It consists of layers of meringue with whipped cream in between. The whole cake is also covered with whipped cream and decorated with chocolate.
Question:
The German dessert Schwarzwalder Kirschtorte is known by what name in Britain?
Answer:
Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte
Passage:
The Naked Edge
The Naked Edge is a 1961 thriller film starring Gary Cooper and Deborah Kerr. The movie was a British-American co-production distributed by United Artists, directed by Michael Anderson and produced by George Glass and Walter Seltzer, with Marlon Brando Sr. as executive producer. The screenplay was by Joseph Stefano and Max Ehrlich, the music score by William Alwyn and the cinematography by Erwin Hillier and Tony White. The production design was by Carmen Dillon.

The film was shot in London and at Elstree Studios, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, and was Gary Cooper's last film.

Plot 

In the aftermath of a theft and murder, Martha Radcliffe (Kerr) increasingly suspects her husband George Radcliffe (Cooper), whose testimony in court convicted the main suspect, of being the real culprit.

Businessman Jason Root is stabbed to death on a night when George and a clerk named Donald Heath are the only other employees working at the office.  A mailbag full of money is stolen in the process.  George, who is seen sweating nervously both during the trial and later, insists that Heath must have been the murderer, and Heath is convicted.  Several years later a lost mailbag is found and the Radcliffes receive a letter long delayed that was in the bag.  The letter, which Martha reads, contains a blackmail threat from Jeremy Gray (Eric Portman) accusing George of the crime.

As the story unfolds, clues pointing to George quickly accumulate.  These include a new business he started soon after the trial, using money that he claims to have made in the stock market; his own desperate desire for success; his lying to his wife in order to secretly search for Gray; some suspicious business with an unknown man; and Gray's claim, when Martha finds him, that he was an eyewitness to the crime and George was the murderer.

George and Martha repeatedly have conversations in which she vacillates between questioning him and insisting she believes in his innocence, and he alternates between insisting that she believe in him and telling her to make up her own mind.  Tension is built by the repeated appearance of George's old-style shaving razor, his insistence that she join him at the edge of a cliff, references to his masculine virility, and his warning that her investigation could threaten his business.

At the conclusion, a man tries to kill Martha after being seen sharpening George's razor. The man turns out to be Gray.  George rescues his wife just in time and subdues Gray as the police arrive.

Cast 

* Gary Cooper as George Radcliffe 
* Deborah Kerr as Martha Radcliffe 
* Eric Portman as Jeremy Gray 
* Diane Cilento as Mrs. Heath 
* Hermione Gingold as Lilly Harris 
* Peter Cushing as Mr. Evan Wrack 
* Michael Wilding as Morris Brooke 
* Ronald Howard as Mr. Claridge 
* Ray McAnally as Donald Heath 
* Sandor Elès as Manfridi St John 
* Wilfrid Lawson as Mr. Pom 
* Helen Cherry as Miss Osborne 
* Joyce Carey as Victoria Hicks
* Diane Clare as Betty  
* Frederick Leister as Judge
* Martin Boddey as Jason Roote
Question:
Which 'Oscar' winning actor's last film was 'The Naked Edge' in 1961?
Answer:
Frank James Cooper
Passage:
Sparkhill
Sparkhill is an inner-city area of Birmingham, England, situated between Springfield, Hall Green and Sparkbrook.

Etymology

Sparkhill takes its name from Spark Brook, a small stream that flows from Moseley to the River Cole in Small Heath. It was, as the name suggests, a hill that was situated alongside the stream. The watercourse can be traced almost entirely along its length from source to where it joins the River Tame, although most of its tributaries are now culverted, and is a popular route for leisure walkers and cyclists. The only part where it cannot easily be followed is a short tunnel where it passes under the Grand Union Canal, very close to the old BSA motorcycle factory near Golden Hillock Road. Most of the route is accessible through Ackers Trust artificial ski slope and sports centre, which was built on BSA's old test track. This part of the route is still used for off-road cycling and similar pursuits.

History

Historically part of Warwickshire, Sparkhill once existed as a rural area with its main industry being agriculture until the 1880s. In the Middle Ages, the Sparke family farmed in the area.

Development of the area began in the 1890s as a result of the Industrial Revolution which was causing Birmingham to expand. In the 1850s, a small area of land was bought by a building society and sold to separate developers who built houses for the working class. People who owned a property were entitled to vote and a campaigner for the working class vote was Joseph Sturge, a Birmingham manufacturer. As a result of his campaigning, a newly created street in the area was named after him. The architecture of the houses was varied due to the different developers. A centre began to develop for the area with its own pub, The Cherry Arbour.

In the late 1860s, developments appeared all over Sparkhill with the creation of long, straight streets forming a uniform pattern. The new houses were terraced with their own back garden, coal shed and lavatory. For the wealthy middle class, larger houses were built in a plot bounded by Stoney Lane, Alfred Road and Durham Road.

Sparkhill was removed from the possession of Yardley and became an area of Birmingham in 1911 as part of the Greater Birmingham Act. Yardley also became a suburb of Birmingham in the same year. The former council house for Yardley District Council (built 1898-1902, architect Arthur Harrison) was converted into Sparkhill Library () and opened on 19 January 1923. It is one of the earliest examples of double-glazed windows in a public building. Other buildings built for the district were a police station, magistrate's court and a fire station, which were all located next to the council house. [http://www.stjohnsparkhill.org.uk St John's Church] is the local Anglican Parish Church and the home of the charity Narthex Sparkhill. Designed by the famous Birmingham Architects Martin and Chamberlain the church was built in 1888.

As a result of the nearby BSA factory being targeted, the area suffered from bombing in World War II, resulting in the loss of some houses, and their 1940s replacement (e.g. the houses at 180-190 Osborne Road). A memorial to those from the BSA works who died during the Second World War can be found in St John's Church.

Another old landmark in Sparkhill is the Mermaid Inn, which has been the site of a pub since the 17th century. The current, 1930s, building was converted into a Balti restaurant in the late 20th century; however, it was severely damaged by numerous fires in the 2000s decade. The building's art deco exterior decoration is by local sculptor William Bloye.

Other pubs, the Bear and The Antelope, both designed by Holland W. Hobbiss, have sculpted pub signs by William Bloye. The Antelope has recently become a Balti Restaurant.

Immigration

In the 20th century, the area became heavily influenced by migrants who settled in the area. The first wave of immigrants were of Irish descent. This has progressed to include Afro-Caribbeans, South Asians, and more recently Somalis. It has a large population of ethnic minorities, mainly of South Asian origin, which is reflected by the number of Asian eateries in the area. As a result, Sparkhill has become a main centre in the "Balti Triangle" of Birmingham.

Notable residents of Sparkhill

*Bev Bevan, drummer with the Move and the Electric Light Orchestra.
*Charlie Timmins, Coventry City captain.
*Gil Merrick, Birmingham City goalkeeper.
*John Bentley, actor born in Sparkhill (1916)
*Kevin McDonald, archbishop.
*Lock Up, band
*Moazzam Begg, Guantanamo Bay detainee.
*Paul Bliss, keyboard player with the Moody Blues, the Hollies and the Bliss Band
*Robert Melville, art critic.
*Roland Gift, actor and lead singer of Fine Young Cannibals
*Simon Inglis, Architectural historian, writer and broadcaster.
*Moeen Munir Ali, England International Cricketer. Also plays England Lions, Warwickshire and Worcestershire county teams. He was declared Cricketer of the Year for year 2015 by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.

Popular culture

The BBC sitcom Citizen Khan focuses on the life of Mr Khan and his family, Pakistani immigrants in the Sparkhill area, which it dubbed "The capital of British Pakistan" in the credits. The first series was broadcast from August 2012 with a second series the following year and a third the next.
Question:
Which BBC TV comedy is set in Sparkhill, Birmingham, described as ‘the capital of British Pakistan’?
Answer:
Citizen Kahn
Passage:
Bittern
Bitterns are a classification of birds in the heron family, Ardeidae, a family of wading birds. Species named bitterns tend to be the shorter-necked, often more secretive members of this family.  They were called hæferblæte in Old English; the word "bittern" came to English from Old French butor, itself from Gallo-Roman butitaurus, a compound of Latin būtiō and taurus.  Bitterns form a monophyletic subfamily in the heron family, the Botaurinae.

Bitterns usually frequent reed beds and similar marshy areas, and feed on amphibians, reptiles, insects, and fish.

Unlike the  similar storks, ibises, and spoonbills, herons and bitterns fly with their necks retracted, not outstretched.

The genus Ixobrychus contains mainly small species:
*Little bittern, Ixobrychus minutus
*Australian little bittern, Ixobrychus dubius
*New Zealand little bittern, Ixobrychus novaezelandiae (extinct)
*Cinnamon bittern, Ixobrychus cinnamomeus
*Stripe-backed bittern, Ixobrychus involucris
*Least bittern, Ixobrychus exilis  
*Yellow bittern,  Ixobrychus sinensis
*Schrenck's bittern, Ixobrychus eurhythmus 
*Dwarf bittern, Ixobrychus sturmii
*Black bittern, Ixobrychus flavicollis

The genus Botaurus is the larger bitterns:
*American bittern, Botaurus lentiginosa. 
*Eurasian bittern or great bittern, Botaurus stellaris
*South American bittern, Botaurus pinnatus  
*Australasian bittern, Botaurus poiciloptilus
*Botaurus hibbardi (fossil)

The genus Zebrilus includes only one species:
*Zigzag heron (or properly Zigzag bittern), Zebrilus undulatus

Popular Literature

In Doyle's "The Hound of Baskervilles", the strange sounds coming from the neighborhood of Baskervilles house were initially thought to be caused by the bittern.
Notes
Question:
To which family of birds does the 'Bittern' belong?
Answer:
The Heron
Passage:
Sandy Cape
Sandy Cape is the most northern point on Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland, Australia. The place was named by James Cook during his 1770 voyage up the eastern coast of Australia aboard the Endeavour. To the south the next two ocean headlands are Waddy Point and Indian Head which was also named by Cook. 

The cape is protected within the Fraser Island section of the Great Sandy National Park. BreakSea Spit extends about 30 km north of Sandy Cape. Nesting loggerhead and green turtles use the remote, sandy location as a rookery.  Nighttime driving along the beach at Sandy Cape is banned during the nesting season. The vegetation at the cape is stunted and windswept. The foredunes are lightly covered by spinifex grass.

Vehicle access to Sandy Cape is only available by the eastern beach at low tide. Camping is permitted in the area and it is a popular location with anglers.

History

Matthew Flinders, traveling aboard the Investigator, landed at Sandy Cape in 1802  and noted the desolate landscape. In August 1803, the ships Cato and Porpoise were both sunk off the cape in bad weather. The Seabelle was wrecked in 1857 and the Chang Chow in 1884 in waters closer to the cape which may contain hidden sandbars.  Because of the number of shipwrecks in the vicinity the Sandy Cape Light was constructed in 1870. This marked the first permanent European settlement on Fraser Island. 

Clement Lindley Wragge set up an extensive network of weather stations around Queensland, including one at Sandy Cape. The cape is still used as a reference point for weather forecasting today.
Question:
What nest at Sandy Cape, the most northern point on Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland, Australia, which is protected as part of the Great Sandy National Park?
Answer:
Turtle
Passage:
Women and children first
"Women and children first" (or to a lesser extent, the Birkenhead Drill ) is a  code of conduct whereby the lives of women and children are to be saved first in a life-threatening situation, typically abandoning ship, when survival resources such as lifeboats were limited.

While the phrase first appeared in the 1860 novel Harrington: A Story of True Love, by William Douglas O'Connor,   the first documented application of "women and children first" occurred during the 1852 evacuation of the Royal Navy troopship . It is, however, most famously associated with the sinking of RMS Titanic in 1912. As a code of conduct, "women and children first" has no basis in maritime law. According to disaster evacuation expert Ed Galea, in modern-day evacuations people will usually "help the most vulnerable to leave the scene first. It's not necessarily women, but is likely to be the injured, elderly and young children." Furthermore, the results of a 2012 Uppsala University study said that the application of "women and children first" did not necessarily produce a survival advantage for women and children in practice.

History 

19th Century

The first-known appearance of the phrase "women and children first" occurred in the 1860 novel Harrington: A Story of True Love, during the recounting of the death of Captain Harrington, the father of the eponymous character John Harrington. Captain Harrington’s fictional death illustrates not only the concept of “women and children first” but also that of "the captain goes down with his ship".

During the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, ships typically did not carry enough lifeboats to save all the passengers and crew in the event of disaster. In 1870, answering a question at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom about the sinking of the paddle steamer Normandy, George Shaw-Lefevre said that, 

20th Century

By the turn of the 20th century, larger ships meant more people could travel, but regulations were generally still insufficient to provide for all passengers: for example British legislation concerning the number of lifeboats was based on the tonnage of a vessel and only encompassed vessels of "10,000 gross tons and over". The result was that a sinking usually involved a moral dilemma for passengers and crew as to whose lives should be saved with the limited available lifeboats.

The practice of women and children first arose from the actions of soldiers during the sinking of the Royal Navy troopship  in 1852 after it struck rocks. Captain Robert Salmond RN ordered Colonel Seton to send men to the chain pumps; sixty were directed to this task, sixty more were assigned to the tackles of the lifeboats, and the rest were assembled on the poop deck in order to raise the forward part of the ship.  The women and children were placed in the ship's cutter, which lay alongside.  The sinking was memorialized in newspapers and paintings of the time, and in poems such as Rudyard Kipling's 1893 "Soldier an' Sailor Too".

The phrase was popularised by its usage on the .  The Second Officer suggested to Captain Smith, "Hadn't we better get the women and children into the boats, sir?", to which the captain responded: "women and children in and lower away".  The First and Second officers interpreted the evacuation order differently; one took it to mean women and children first, while the other took it to mean women and children only. Thus one of the officers lowered lifeboats with empty seats if there were no women and children waiting to board, while the other allowed a limited number of men to board if all the nearby women and children had embarked.  As a consequence, 74% of the women and 52% of the children on board were saved, but only 20% of the men.   Some officers on the Titanic misinterpreted the order from Captain Smith, and tried to prevent men from boarding the lifeboats. It was intended that women and children would board first, with any remaining free spaces for men. Because not all women and children were saved on the Titanic, the few men who survived, like White Star official J. Bruce Ismay, were initially branded as cowards.

21st Century

There is no legal basis for the protocol of women and children first in international maritime law.

A more recent application of "women and children first" occurred in March 2011, when a floating restaurant in Covington, Kentucky, tore from its moorings, stranding 83 people on the Ohio River. Women were rescued first; there were no casualties of either sex.
Question:
What maritime order is also termed The Birkenhead Drill?
Answer:
Women and Children
Passage:
Six Nations 2010: England's Martin Johnson questions ...
Six Nations 2010: England's Martin Johnson questions referee after defeat  to France - Telegraph
England
Six Nations 2010: England's Martin Johnson questions referee after defeat to France
France ground their way to a ninth Grand Slam with a 12-10 win over England at    the Stade de France last night having already secured the Six Nations    Championship an hour before kick-off.
Angry: England coach Martin Johnson is not a happy man at the Stade de France Photo: PA
By Paul Bolton
12:19AM GMT 21 Mar 2010
Ireland’s surprise 23-20 defeat by Scotland at Croke Park meant that France could not be denied their fourth title in seven seasons but they made sure of the Grand Slam, their first in six years, with a pragmatic performance in the Paris rain.
England scored the only try of the match, a superbly worked first-half effort from Northampton full-back Ben Foden on his first international start, but were then heavily penalised by New Zealand referee Bryce Lawrence, especially in the scrums.
England manager Martin Johnson went on to the pitch at the final whistle to question Lawrence about his control of the scrums. “I was just asking him for clarification that’s all,” Johnson said.
“At scrum time he was very quick to penalise, which is fine if we were wrong. But I said that he had to penalise them first time as well. One scrum was reset and then they kicked three points just before half-time and I asked him why he didn’t penalise them as well.
"It doesn’t matter what I think about his performance. He refs the game so his decision is final and that’s fine.” But Lewis Moody, who captained England for the first time in the absence of the injured Steve Borthwick, refused to blame Lawrence.
Related Articles
Question:
Who captained England in the 2010 Six Nations Rugby Union Championship, but missed one game?
Answer:
Stephen Borthwick
Passage:
Anything You Can Do (song)
"Anything You Can Do" is a song composed by Irving Berlin for the 1946 Broadway musical, Annie Get Your Gun.   The song is a duet, with one male singer and one female singer attempting to outdo each other in increasingly complex tasks. 

In the musical, the song sets the scene for the climactic sharpshooting contest between Annie Oakley and Frank Butler.  Its most memorable lines are, "Anything you can do I can do better; I can do anything better than you." The song was first performed in Annie Get Your Gun by Ethel Merman and Ray Middleton. 

During the song, they argue playfully about who can, for example, sing softer, sing higher, sing sweeter, and hold a note for longer, and boast of their abilities and accomplishments, such as opening safes and living on bread and cheese, although Annie always seems to counter Frank's argument. Neither can "bake a pie," though. 

Notable versions

* Ethel Merman and Howard Keel (1950)
* Betty Hutton and Howard Keel in the 1950 film version of the musical
* Doris Day and Robert Goulet (1963)
* Mary Martin and John Raitt on the National Tour recording
* Ethel Merman and Bruce Yarnell in the 1966 revival recording.
* Dusty Springfield and Freddie Paris on Bandstand (1967).
* Robert Morse and an office computer in 1968 TV series That's Life, episode S1E11 "Bobby's Pink Slip" 
* Ethel Merman and Miss Piggy (1976) in The Muppet Show, episode 1.22
* In 1977, Tina Arena and John Bowles recorded a version for their album Tiny Tina and Little John. 
* In 1990, Kidsongs released Ride the Roller Coaster, which contained a version of this song.
* Fran Drescher and Madeline Zima (1994) in The Nanny, episode S1E22 "I Don't Remember Mama"
* Michael Jordan and Mia Hamm, Gatorade "Michael vs. Mia" commercial (1997), performed by Sophia Ramos
* Bernadette Peters and Tom Wopat in the 1999 Broadway revival version of the musical
* Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso in a 2007 Mercedes-Benz commercial with Mika Häkkinen performing the last line.
* American rapper J. Cole used the "Anything you can do" line in his single "Who Dat".
* Blaire Elbert and Madeline Powell Cactus Cuties Performed at Cactus Theatere in Texas.
*Julianne Hough and Derek Hough  on their Move Live on Tour 
* Barbara Walters and Howard Cosell on Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell in 1975 debating who interviews people better.
* Lindsay Pearce sang a mashup of "Anything Goes"/"Anything You Can Do" in the Glee third season premiere, "The Purple Piano Project".
*Dirty Rice sampled the opening lines of the song in the 116 Clique song "Envy" off the 2011 album Man Up by the 116 Clique.

Other recorded versions

* Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney (from "Carousel")
* Bing Crosby and Dick Haymes with The Andrews Sisters (1947)
* Mary Martin and John Raitt (1957)
* Ethel Merman and Bruce Yarnell (1966)
* Ethel Merman and Neilson Taylor (1973)
* Judy Garland and Howard Keel (Pre-Production of film Annie Get Your Gun) 
* The Majors
* Von Trapp Children (Song is on their Live in Concert DVD.)

Variants

* Peter Tosh: "I'm the Toughest"
Question:
From which musical does the song 'Anything you can do' come?
Answer:
Annie Get Your Gun
Passage:
Sweet Charity the Musical
Sweet Charity the Musical
February 17 2005 – December 31 2005; Al Hirschfeld Theatre
Cast: Christina Applegate (Charity)
London Revival
21 November 2009 – 7 March 2010; Menier Chocolate Factory. 23 April – 8 Jan 2011 (transfer to the Theatre Royal Haymarket)
What was your favourite production? Add your thoughts in the comments box
Synopsis
Charity Valentine is a young woman in New York who works as a taxi dancer at the Fandango Ballroom, meaning gentleman pay her to dance with them by the hour. One evening she meets up with her deadbeat boyfriend Charlie, who she imagines is a lot more complimentary than he is in real life (“You Should See Yourself”). Shockingly, he ends up stealing her purse and pushing her into the lake. She is saved by a passerby and returns empty-handed to the Fandango.
The other girls are unsurprised that Charity has had her heart broken yet again, and encourage her to get more street smarts. They hit the dancefloor, looking for another “Big Spender” to spend a little time with. Charity’s friends Helene and Nickie try to help her through her heartbreak in “Charity’s Soliloquy.”
Leaving work, Charity gives all of her money away to beggars and realises she now won’t be able to eat. Suddenly a film star, Vittorio Vidal chases his girlfriend, Ursula, past Charity. When Ursula refuses to return to him, Vittorio impulsively grabs Charity instead, and she is thrilled with her luck. Vittorio and Charity head to the swanky Pompeii Club, where the clientele are dancing the “Rich Man’s Frug.” Famished after her long day, Charity faints, and encourages Vittorio to bring her to his apartment to rest.
Charity thinks she has all the luck and sings “If My Friends Could See Me Now,” before Ursula arrives to reconcile with Vittorio. Vittorio hides Charity in a closet, where she ends up staying overnight. Vittorio sneaks her out the next morning, and she returns to the Fandango, where she and the girls agree “There’s Gotta Be Something Better Than This.”
In another twist of fate, Charity finds herself stuck in an elevator with a tax accountant named Oscar Lindquist, and she allays his fears with “I’m the Bravest Individual.” They are eventually rescued, and Oscar persuades Charity to visit his hippie church, where they sing “The Rhythm of Life.” When Oscar tries to guess Charity’s profession, he decides she works for a bank and she claims he is correct. Besotted once again, Charity agrees to start dating Oscar, who now calls her “Sweet Charity.”
Charity continues not to reveal her true profession. When she’s cheated out of a client by the new girl she decides to quit Fandango, though she wonders what the future will hold for her (“Where Am I Going?”). She meets up with Oscar and confesses that she is a taxi dancer, to which he confesses that he had followed her one night and already knew. Oscar assures her he doesn’t care what she does for a living and wants to marry her. Charity is thrilled and agrees, singing “I’m a Brass Band.”
Charity returns to the Fandango Ballroom to say goodbye to her friends, who “Love to Cry at Weddings.” Oscar and Charity walk through Central Park, where Oscar suddenly announces that his jealousy of the men she dances for has caused him to decide he cannot go through with the wedding. He pushes her into the lake, just as her previous boyfriend did, but Charity realises at least he didn’t steal her purse and asserts herself with a reprise of “I’m the Bravest Individual.”
Songs
If My Friends Could See Me Now
Too Many Tomorrows
If My Friends Could See Me Now (Reprise)
There’s Gotta Be Something Better Than This
I’m The Bravest Individual
ACT II
I’m A Brass Band
I Love To Cry At Weddings
Finale
Question:
In which musical do three dance girls sing 'There's gotta be something better than this'?
Answer:
Sweet Charity
Passage:
Bornite
Bornite, also known as peacock ore, is a sulfide mineral with chemical composition Cu5FeS4 that crystallizes in the orthorhombic system (pseudo-cubic).

Appearance

Bornite has a brown to copper-red color on fresh surfaces that tarnishes to various iridescent shades of blue to purple in places. Its striking iridescence gives it the nickname peacock copper or peacock ore.

Mineralogy

Bornite is an important copper ore mineral and occurs widely in porphyry copper deposits along with the more common chalcopyrite. Chalcopyrite and bornite are both typically replaced by chalcocite and covellite in the supergene enrichment zone of copper deposits.  Bornite is also found as disseminations in mafic igneous rocks, in contact metamorphic skarn deposits, in pegmatites and in sedimentary cupriferous shales. It is important as an ore for its copper content of about 63 percent by mass.

Structure

At temperatures above 228 C, the structure is isometric with a unit cell that is about 5.50 Å on an edge. This structure is based on cubic close-packed sulfur atoms, with copper and iron atoms randomly distributed into six of the eight tetrahedral sites located in the octants of the cube. With cooling, the Fe and Cu become ordered, so that 5.5 Å subcells in which all eight tetrahedral sites are filled alternate with subcells in which only four of the tetrahedral sites are filled; symmetry is reduced to orthorhombic.Nesse, William D., "Sulfides and Related Minerals" in Introduction to Mineralogy, New York: Oxford University Press, 2000, p 429

Composition

Substantial variation in the relative amounts of copper and iron is possible and solid solution extends towards chalcopyrite (CuFeS2) and digenite (Cu9S5). Exsolution of blebs and lamellae of chalcopyrite, digenite, and chalcocite is common.

Form and twinning

Rare crystals are approximately cubic, dodecahedral, or octahedral. Usually massive. Penetration twinning on the crystallographic direction, {111}.

Occurrence

It occurs globally in copper ores with notable crystal localities in Butte, Montana and at Bristol, Connecticut in the U.S. It is also collected from the Carn Brea mine, Illogan, and elsewhere in Cornwall, England. Large crystals are found from the Frossnitz Alps, eastern Tirol, Austria; the Mangula mine, Lomagundi district, Zimbabwe; from the N’ouva mine, Talate, Morocco, the West Coast of Tasmania and in Dzhezkazgan, Kazakhstan. There are also traces of it found amongst the hematite in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.

History and etymology

It was first described in 1725 for an occurrence in the Krušné Hory Mountains (Erzgebirge), Karlovy Vary Region, Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic. It was named in 1845 for Austrian mineralogist Ignaz von Born (born as Born Ignác in a Hungarian family) (1742–1791).
Question:
Bornite and Azurite are ores of which metallic element?
Answer:
Copper
