Passage:
Polly Put the Kettle On - Nursery Rhymes
Polly Put the Kettle On
Polly Put the Kettle On
Polly Put the Kettle On
Polly put the kettle on
Polly put the kettle on
Polly put the kettle on
We'll all have tea
Sukey take it off again
Sukey take it off again
Sukey take it off again
They've all gone away
Question:
In the nursery rhyme, ‘…who…put the kettle on?
Answer:
Polly
Passage:
Home appliance
Home appliances are electrical/mechanical machines which accomplish some household functions, such as cooking or cleaning. Home appliances can be classified into:
*Major appliances, or white goods 
*Small appliances,
*Consumer electronics, or brown goods 

This division is also noticeable in the maintenance and repair of these kinds of products. Brown goods usually require high technical knowledge and skills (which get more complex with time, such as going from a soldering iron to a hot-air soldering station), while white goods may need more practical skills and "brute force" to manipulate the devices and heavy tools required to repair them.

Definition

Given a broad usage, the domestic application attached to "home appliance" is tied to the definition of appliance as "an instrument or device designed for a particular use or function".  More specifically, Collins dictionary defines "home appliance" as: "devices or machines, usually electrical, that are in your home and which you use to do jobs such as cleaning or cooking."  The broad usage, afforded to the definition allows for nearly any device intended for domestic use to be a home appliance, including consumer electronics as well as stoves, refrigerators, toasters and air conditioners to light bulbs and water well pumps.  

History 

While many appliances have existed for centuries, the self-contained electric or gas powered appliances are a uniquely American innovation that emerged in the twentieth century. The development of these appliances is tied the disappearance of full-time domestic servants and the desire to reduce the time consuming activities in pursuit of more recreational time. In the early 1900s, electric and gas appliances included washing machines, water heaters, refrigerators and sewing machines. The invention of Earl Richardson's small electric clothes iron in 1903 gave a small initial boost to the home appliance industry. In the Post–World War II economic expansion, the domestic use of dishwashers, and clothes dryers were part of a shift for convenience. Increasing discretionary income was reflected by a rise in miscellaneous home appliances.  

In America during the 1980s, the industry shipped $1.5 billion worth of goods each year and employed over 14,000 workers, with revenues doubling between 1982 and 1990 to $3.3 billion. Throughout this period companies merged and acquired one another to reduce research and production costs and eliminate competitors, resulting in anti-trust legislation.

The United States Department of Energy reviews compliance with the National Appliance Energy Conservation Act of 1987, which required manufacturers to reduce the energy consumption of the appliances by 25% every five years.

In the 1990s, the appliance industry was very consolidated, with over 90% of the products being sold by just five companies. For example, in 1991, dishwasher manufacturing market share was split between General Electric with 40% market share, Whirlpool with 31% market share, Electrolux with 20% market share, Maytag with 7% market share and Thermador with just 2% of market share.

Major appliances 

Major appliances, also known as white goods, comprise major household appliances and may include: air conditioners, dishwashers, clothes dryers, drying cabinets, freezers, refrigerators, kitchen stoves, water heaters, washing machines, trash compactors, microwave ovens and induction cookers. White goods were typically painted or enameled white, and many of them still are. 

Small appliances 

Small appliances are typically small household electrical machines, easily carried and installed. Some are classified with white goods, and relate to heating and cooling such as: fans and window mounted air conditioners, and heaters such as space heaters, ceramic heaters, gas heaters, kerosene heaters, and fan heaters.  Yet another category is used in the kitchen, including: juicers, electric mixers, meat grinders, coffee grinders, deep fryers, herb grinders, food processors, electric kettles, waffle irons, coffee makers, blenders and dough blenders, rice cookers toasters and exhaust hoods.

Entertainment and information appliances such as: home electronics, TV sets, CD, VCRs and DVD players, camcorders, still cameras, clocks, alarm clocks, video game consoles, HiFi and home cinema, telephones and answering machines are classified as "brown goods".  Some such appliances were traditionally finished with genuine or imitation wood.  This has become rare but the name has stuck, even for goods that are unlikely ever to have had a wooden case (e.g. camcorders).

File:Small appliance.jpg|Small kitchen appliances: a food processor, a waffle iron, a coffee maker, and an electric kettle
File:銅鑼灣店小家電部.jpg|The small appliance department at a store

Networking of home appliances

There is a trend of networking home appliances together, and combining their controls and key functions. For instance, energy distribution could be managed more evenly so that when a washing machine is on, an oven can go into a delayed start mode, or vice versa. Or, a washing machine and clothes dryer could share information about load characteristics (gentle/normal, light/full), and synchronize their finish times so the wet laundry does not have to wait before being put in the dryer.

Additionally, some manufacturers of home appliances are quickly beginning to place hardware that enables Internet connectivity in home appliances to allow for remote control, automation, communication with other home appliances, and more functionality.    Internet-connected home appliances were especially prevalent during recent Consumer Electronic Show events. 

Recycling 

Appliance recycling consists of dismantling waste home appliances and scrapping their parts for reuse. The main types of appliances that are recycled are T.V.s, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, and computers. It involves disassembly, removal of hazardous components and destruction of the equipment to recover materials, generally by shredding, sorting and grading.
Question:
Percy L. Spencer invented which household appliance in 1947?
Answer:
Microwave Applications
Passage:
National Gardens Scheme
The National Gardens Scheme opens gardens in England and Wales for charity. It was founded in 1927 in England with the aim of "opening gardens of quality, character and interest to the public for charity". The scheme has raised over £40 million since it began, and over half a million garden visits occur each year."Yellow Book" (2008). National Gardens Scheme.

When the scheme began 609 private gardens were opened and £8,191 was raised.  A small number of the original "pioneer" gardens still participate in the Scheme, while many more have joined. Over 3,700 gardens were open in 2013. County organisers are responsible for vetting gardens to make sure they are of sufficient interest.[http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-85013577.html Follow the yellow guide road to great British gardens: Private gardens open for charity under the National Gardens Scheme and Scotland's Gardens Scheme].(Features)(Homefront). The Christian Science Monitor. 2002. Retrieved via HighBeam Research (subscription required. (March 18, 2013).

Visitor information is published in a publication called "The Yellow Book". There is another Yellow Book for Scotland's Gardens Scheme.  Some gardens open once a year. However, the NGS advises that as the climate in Britain can be unpredictable opening twice can ensure a greater chance of fine weather.

Charities supported

Originally the admission fees raised money for district nurses, although the creation of the National Health Service in 1948 changed the nature of the support required.
In 1980, the National Gardens Scheme Charitable Trust was launched as an independent charity with Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother as patron. The current patron is Charles, Prince of Wales.   
The Queen's Nursing Institute is still one of the charities supported. along with Perennial, Macmillan Cancer Support and others.

Media interest

The National Gardens Scheme was featured in a Twofour produced BBC2 programme Open Gardens.
Question:
What colour is the directory to the National Gardens Scheme?
Answer:
Yellowest
Passage:
Kalamata olive
The Kalamata olive is a large purple olive with a smooth, meaty texture named after the city of Kalamata in the southern Peloponnese, Greece. Often used as table olives, they are usually preserved in wine vinegar or olive oil. Kalamata olives in the European Union (EU) have PDO status, whereby only olives originating from the Kalamata region have the right to be branded as Kalamata if sold in the EU.   Olives of the same variety grown elsewhere are marketed as Kalamon olives.      

Description

Kalamata olives are grown in Kalamata in Messenia and also in nearby Laconia, both located on the Peloponnese peninsula. They are almond-shaped, plump, dark purple olives from a tree distinguished from the common olive by the size of its leaves, which grow to twice the size of other olive varieties. The trees are intolerant of cold and are susceptible to Verticillium wilt but are resistant to olive knot and to the olive fruit fly. 

Kalamata olives, which cannot be harvested green, must be hand-picked in order to avoid bruising.

Preparation

There are two methods of preparing Kalamata olives, known as the long and short methods. The short method debitters the olive by packing them in water or weak brine for around a week. Once complete, they are then packed in brine and wine vinegar with a layer of olive oil and slices of lemon on top. The olives are often slit to decrease the processing time. The long method involves slitting the olives and placing them in salted water in order to debitter them, a process that can take as long as three months. Levels of polyphenol remain in the olives after processing, giving them their slightly bitter taste.
Question:
Kalamata is a variety of which food item?
Answer:
Olives
Passage:
Neandertal
The Neandertal (;) (sometimes called "the Neander Valley" in English) is a small valley of the river Düssel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, located about 12 km east of Düsseldorf, the capital city of North Rhine-Westphalia. The valley lies within the limits of the towns of Erkrath and Mettmann. In August, 1856, the area became famous for the discovery of Neanderthal 1, the first specimen of Homo neanderthalensis to be found.

The Neandertal was originally a limestone canyon widely known for its rugged scenery, waterfalls and caves. However, industrial mining during the 19th and 20th centuries removed almost all of the limestone and dramatically changed the shape of the valley. It was during such a mining operation that the bones of the original Neanderthal man were found in a cave. Neither the cave nor the cliff in which the bones were located still exists.

During the 19th century the valley was called Neandershöhle (Neander's Hollow), and, after 1850, Neanderthal. It was named after Joachim Neander, a 17th-century German pastor. Neander is the Greek translation of his family name Neumann; both names mean "new man." Neumann lived in nearby Düsseldorf and loved the valley for giving him the inspiration for his compositions. Former names of the gorge were Das Gesteins (The Boulders) and Das Hundsklipp (Cliff of dogs, perhaps in the sense of "Cliff of Beasts").
 
In 1901 an orthographic reform in Germany changed the spelling of Thal (valley) to Tal. Scientific names, such as Homo neanderthalensis and Homo sapiens neanderthalensis for Neanderthal remained unchanged, because the laws of taxonomy retain the original spelling at the time of naming. Neanderthal station nearby still carries the name Neanderthal, because the nearby Neanderthal Museum retains the original spelling. 

Excavations in the Neandertal Valley
Since the initial discovery of the specimen of the valley there have been additional excavations. Multiple artifacts and human skeletal fragments have been found in the valley. Excavations have found two cranial fragments that seem to fit onto the original Neandertal 1 calotte. A calotte is a skullcap worn by students at Catholic universities in Belgium. Excavations performed in 1997 and 2000 found new human skeletal pieces. There are questions as to whether these remains are those of Neandertals. Two cranial pieces were unearthed: one, a left zygomatic and partial body and second, a right piece of temporal bone. These pieces appeared to fit the Neandertal 1 calotte perfectly, although these pieces are not specifically from Neandertals. These discoveries may or may not be attributable to the Neandertals but exhibit similar characteristics.
Question:
As in Neandertal, the German word tal translates as what word in English?
Answer:
Valley shoulder
Passage:
Arm & Hammer
Arm & Hammer is a registered trademark of Church & Dwight, an American manufacturer of household products.  The logo of this brand is a muscular arm holding a hammer. Originally associated only with baking soda and washing soda, the company began to expand the brand to other products in the 1970s, using baking soda as a deodorizing ingredient, including toothpaste, laundry detergent, underarm deodorant, and cat litter.  The Arm & Hammer brand is one of the longest-running and most recognized U.S. trademarks.  

The Arm & Hammer logo dates back to the 1860s.  James A. Church ran a spice business known as Vulcan Spice Mills.  According to the company, the Arm and Hammer logo represents Vulcan, the Roman god of fire and metalworking. 

It is often claimed that the brand name originated with tycoon Armand Hammer; however, the Arm & Hammer brand was in use 31 years before Hammer was born. Hammer was so often asked about the Church & Dwight brand, however, that he attempted to buy the company. While unsuccessful, Hammer's Occidental Petroleum in 1986 acquired enough stock for him to join the Church & Dwight board of directors. Hammer remained one of the owners of Arm & Hammer until his 1990 death. 

Industrial-strength bicarbonate cleaning products are labeled under an Arm & Hammer subsidiary division ARMEX.
Question:
According to the company, the Arm and Hammer logo represents which Roman god, the god of fire and metalworking?
Answer:
The Vulcan
Passage:
Finnegan's Wake
"Finnegan's Wake" is a ballad that arose in the 1850s in the music-hall tradition of comical Irish songs. The song was a staple of the Irish folk-music group the Dubliners, who played it on many occasions and included it on several albums, and is especially well known to fans of the Clancy Brothers, who have performed and recorded it with Tommy Makem. The song has more recently been recorded by Irish-American Celtic punk band Dropkick Murphys. The song is also a staple in the repertoire of Irish folk band the High Kings, as well as Darby O'Gill, whose version incorporates and encourages audience participation.

Summary

In the ballad, the hod-carrier Tim Finnegan, born "with a love for the liquor", falls from a ladder, breaks his skull, and is thought to be dead. The mourners at his wake become rowdy, and spill whiskey over Finnegan's corpse, causing him to come back to life and join in the celebrations. Whiskey causes both Finnegan's fall and his resurrection—whiskey is derived from the Irish phrase uisce beatha, meaning "water of life". 

Uncommon or non-standard English phrases and terms

*brogue (accent)
*hod (a tool to carry bricks in) (Slang term for a tankard or drinking vessel)
*tippler's way (a tippler is a drunkard)
*craythur (craythur is poteen (Poitín), "a drop of the craythur" is an expression to have some poteen)
*Whack fol the dah (non-lexical vocalsinging called "lilting"; see Scat singing and mouth music it is also punned upon repeatedly by James Joyce as Whack 'fol the Danaan')
*trotters (feet)
*full (drunk)
*mavourneen (my darling)
*hould your gob (shut-up)
*belt in the gob (punch in the mouth)
*Shillelagh law (a brawl)
*ruction (a fight)
*bedad (an expression of shock)

Non-English phrases:
*Thanam 'on dhoul (Irish: Th'anam 'on diabhal, "your soul to the devil") However, in other versions of the song, Tim says "Thunderin' Jaysus."

Use in literature 

The song is famous for providing the basis of James Joyce's final work, Finnegans Wake (1939), in which the comic resurrection of Tim Finnegan is employed as a symbol of the universal cycle of life. As whiskey, the "water of life", causes both Finnegan's death and resurrection in the ballad, so the word "wake" also represents both a passing (into death) and a rising (from sleep). Joyce removed the apostrophe in the title of his novel to suggest an active process in which a multiplicity of "Finnegans", that is, all members of humanity, fall and then wake and arise.  

"Finnegan's Wake" is featured as the climax of the primary storyline in Philip José Farmer's award-winning novella, Riders of the Purple Wage. 

Recordings 

Many Irish bands have performed Finnegan's Wake including notably:

*The Clancy Brothers on several of their albums, including Come Fill Your Glass with Us (1959), A Spontaneous Performance Recording (1961), Recorded Live in Ireland (1965), and the 1984 Reunion concert at Lincoln Center. 
*The Dubliners on several live albums. 
*Dropkick Murphys on their albums Do or Die and Live on St. Patrick's Day From Boston, MA. 
*Brobdingnagian Bards on their album Songs of Ireland.
*The Tossers on their album Communication & Conviction: Last Seven Years.
*Orthodox Celts on their album The Celts Strike Again.
*Darby O'Gill on their album Waitin' for a Ride.
*Ryan's Fancy on their album Newfoundland Drinking Songs.
*Beatnik Turtle on their album Sham Rock
*Irish Rovers
*Christy Moore on his album The Box Set 1964–2004
*Donut Kings on their single Donut Kings Pub With No Beer
*Schooner Fare on their album Finnegan's Wake
*Woods Tea Company on their album The Wood's Tea Co. – Live!
*Steve Benbow on his album Songs of Ireland
*Roger McGuinn in his Folk Den series.
*Dominic Behan on his album Down by the Liffeyside
*Poxy Boggards on their albums Barley Legal and Bitter and Stout
*Seamus Kennedy on his album By Popular Demand
*The High Kings on their albums Memory Lane and Live in Ireland
Question:
Who wrote the novel 'Finnegan's Wake'?
Answer:
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce
Passage:
Anton Geesink
Antonius Johannes "Anton" Geesink (April 6, 1934 – August 27, 2010) was a Dutch 10th-dan judoka from Utrecht. He was a two-time World Judo Champion (1961 and 1965), Olympic Gold Medalist (1964) and won 21 European championships.

Judo career

Geesink first participated in the European Championships in 1951, and placed second in his category. The following year, he won his first European title. Through to 1967, twenty more European titles followed.

At the 1956 World Championships, Geesink was eliminated in the semi-finals against Yoshihiko Yoshimatsu.  At the 1961 World Championships, Geesink, then 5th dan,  became World Champion in the open class, defeating the Japanese champion Koji Sone. Japanese judokas had won all the World Championship titles contested up to that point.

Judo debuted as an official sport at the 1964 Summer Olympics, which were held in the sport's home country, Japan. Although Japan dominated three of the four weight divisions (light, middle and heavy), Anton Geesink won the final of the open weight division, defeating Akio Kaminaga in front of his home crowd.  

After winning the 1965 World Championships and a last European title in 1967, Geesink quit competitive judo.

Anton Geesink was one of the few 10th Dan grade judoka (jūdan) recognized by the IJF but not by Kodokan at that rank. Promotions from 6th to 10th Dan are awarded for services to the sport of judo. In 2010 there are three living 10th dan grade judoka (jūdan) recognized by Kodokan: Toshiro Daigo, Ichiro Abe and Yoshimi Osawa. The Kodokan has not awarded the 10th Dan to anybody outside Japan.

Professional wrestling career

In October 1973, All Japan Pro Wrestling owner Giant Baba recruited Anton Geesink to join AJPW. Baba sent him to Amarillo, TX and Dory Funk Jr. and Terry Funk trained him for a month. He worked for All Japan from 1973 to 1978, as a popular part-timer.

Geesink's notable professional wrestling opponents included Bruno Sammartino, Gorilla Monsoon, Dick Murdoch, Dory Funk Jr., Bobby Duncum, Bob Remus (Sgt. Slaughter), Don Leo Jonathan, and Jumbo Tsuruta.

International Olympic Committee work

In 1987, he became a member of the board of the Dutch National Olympic Committee, and a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).

Geesink was among the IOC members suspected of accepting bribes during the scandal surrounding the election of Salt Lake City as the host of the 2002 Winter Olympics. Geesink's name was cleared by the IOC which nevertheless issued him a warning for the appearance of a conflict of interest which could have damaged the reputation of the IOC.

Honors

Geesink was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure by the Japanese government in 1997.  

His home town of Utrecht has a street named after him — which is the street he lived on for some time up until his death in August 2010.

On January 29, 2000, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Kokushikan University, a Japanese university known for its sport education and of which four alumni are Olympic gold medalists in judo, with the following praise: 

ヘーシンク氏は、一九六四年東京オリンピックにおいて、柔道無差別級で外国人選手として初めて金メダルを獲得し、その後、武道精神をもって国際平和に貢献するとともにオランダ・日本両国民の文化交流・友好関係の促進に努め、また柔道を教育学や生体学的角度から研究し、その普及発展のために尽力された。
武道の精神を重視する本大学は、柔道の国際的普及における同氏の功績を讃え、国士舘大学名誉博士の学位を贈呈した。

At the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, Mr. Geesink won the gold medal in the open class as the first non-Japanese. Since then, with the spirit of budō, he has contributed to the international peace and promoted the cultural exchange and friendship between the people of the Netherlands and of Japan. Furthermore, he explored judo in light of education and somatology and has been devoted to its diffusion and development. To honor his contribution to the worldwide diffusion of judo, this university, as a body which prizes the spirit of budō, awarded him an honorary doctorate of Kokushikan University.

Books published

*"Judo: based on social aspects and biomechanical principles, divided in two parts: judo as an Olympic sport, traditional judo", Kokushikan University Publishing, 2000
Question:
Anton Geesink represented which country in Judo between 1951 and 1967, winning 21 European titles, was World Champion in 1961 in the open class, and won gold in the open weight division at the 1964 Summer Olympics?
Answer:
NETHERLANDS
Passage:
Hoy
Hoy (from Norse Háey meaning high island) is an island in Orkney, Scotland. With an area of 143 km2 it is the second largest in the archipelago after the Mainland. It is connected by a causeway called The Ayre to South Walls. Unusually, the two islands are treated as one entity by the UK census. 

Description

The dramatic coastline of Hoy greets visitors travelling to Orkney by ferry from the Scottish mainland. It has extremes of many kinds: some of the highest sea cliffs in the UK at St John's Head, which reach 350 m; the impressive and famous sea stack, the Old Man of Hoy; some of the most northerly surviving natural woodland in the British Isles and the remote possibility that the Orkney charr (Salvelinus inframundus), last described in 1908, survive in Heldale Water.  The most northerly Martello Towers were built to defend the area during the Napoleonic War, but were never used in combat.

The highest point in Orkney, Ward Hill, is on Hoy.

The main naval base for the British fleet Scapa Flow in both the First and Second World Wars was situated at Lyness in the south-east of the island. Some rather incongruous Art Deco structures nearby date from this period.

An unusual rock-cut tomb, the Dwarfie Stane, lies in the Rackwick valley in the north of the island. It is unique in northern Europe, bearing similarity to Neolithic or Bronze Age tombs around the Mediterranean. The tomb gets its name as it is very small and was said to be carved by dwarfs.

In Norse mythology, Hoy is the location of the never-ending battle between Hedin and Högni.

Orkney Ferries serve the island with two routes, one of which links Lyness on Hoy and Longhope on Walls with the island of Flotta and Houton on the Orkney Mainland. The other route links Moaness in Hoy to the island of Graemsay and Stromness on Orkney Mainland.

Hoy is part of the Hoy and West Mainland National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland. 

Wildlife

Hoy is an Important Bird Area.  
The northern part of the island is an RSPB reserve due to its importance for birdlife, particularly Great skuas and red-throated divers. It was sold to the RSPB by the Hoy Trust for a minimal amount. 
Anastrepta orcadensis,  a liverwort also known as Orkney Notchwort, was first discovered on Ward Hill by William Jackson Hooker in 1808.[http://www.rbge.org.uk/science/cryptogamic-plants-and-fungi/bryology "Bryology (mosses, liverworts and hornworts)"] Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh. Retrieved 15 May 2008. 

In popular culture

Hoy is featured prominently in the 1984 video for "Here Comes The Rain Again" by Eurythmics.

Gallery

File:Hoy Cliffs.jpg| Cliffs on the Atlantic coast of Hoy, south of Rackwick
File:ScapaFlowVisitorCentreRLH.jpg| Scapa Flow Visitor Centre
File:PicHoyHigh.jpg| Hoy High Lighthouse on Graemsay viewed from Mainland
File:Hoy_Orkney_Landesinnere.JPG|Rackwick valley
File:Hoy Orkney Southside.jpg|Rackwick

Notes
Question:
Hoy and Sanday are in which island group in the British Isles?
Answer:
Orkney Islands
Passage:
Rob Andrew
Christopher Robert "Rob" Andrew MBE (born 18 February 1963 in Richmond, Yorkshire), nicknamed "Squeaky", is a former English rugby union footballer and currently Professional Rugby Director at the RFU. He was formerly the Director of Rugby of Newcastle Falcons. As a player, Andrew was assured in his kicking and defensive skills off both feet. Andrew also had a brief career in first-class cricket.

Rugby career

Domestic

Andrew attended Barnard Castle School where he was contemporaries with future teammate Rory Underwood and was captain of the school 1st XV in 1981. He then attended St John's College, Cambridge and played for Cambridge University in the Varsity Match. He joined Nottingham for one season in 1985/86 and then joined Wasps FC where he was first choice fly-half throughout most of the eight seasons he spent with the north London club. At Wasps FC he won the English League in 1990, eventually leaving to join Newcastle Gosforth in 1995 as both a player and as director of rugby.   The club had just been bought out by Sir John Hall in the leadup to the game turning professional, they became the Falcons of today. During his time in charge of Newcastle Falcons he is credited with discovering Jonny Wilkinson.
His playing career was ended in 1999 after an injury in training. 

International

Andrew was fly-half for England during the Will Carling era, making a winning debut in January 1985 against Romania at Twickenham. For the next 10 years he was England's regular fly-half earning 70 caps, including 2 as captain. After England finished 4th in the 1995 Rugby Union World Cup, he saw out his contract at Wasps and moved to the Newcastle Falcons. He made his final appearance for England after an absence of almost 2 years when he was called off the bench as a try scoring replacement against Wales in March 1997. In total, he scored 396 international points, won the Grand Slam with England 3 times and held the English record for the most points scored in an international - 30, scored against Canada in 1994. Critics of the England side blamed him for kicking the ball too much rather than passing. England did, however, enjoy a great deal of success with him as their Number 10.

He played in 3 Rugby World Cup competitions; 1987 (making 2 appearances), 1991 and 1995. Curiously, just as Wilkinson had beaten Australia in the 2003 Rugby World Cup final with a drop goal, the last time Australia lost in the same competition was in 1995. In that year, it was Andrew who nailed a drop goal on the stroke of full-time to beat the Wallabies 25-22.

In 1989 he had the honour of captaining the British and Irish Lions against France in a rare "home" match for the Lions. The game formed part of the celebrations of the bi-centennial of the French Revolution. 

Post playing

Andrew remained as director of rugby at Newcastle Falcons after the injury that ended his playing career until on
18 August 2006 he was appointed by the RFU to undertake the post of Director of Elite Rugby to oversee all aspects of representative rugby in England, from the regional academies to the full senior side.   Although he has the above decision making powers, what he does not control is the employment status of the coaching team and staff.

On 6 January 2011, Andrew's role as director of elite rugby at the Rugby Football Union was scrapped in an overhaul of the organisation's structure. It was reported that Andrew was invited to apply for one of the new roles created by this process, that of operations director.  At a press conference on 16 November 2011 Andrew's position was described as Director of Elite Rugby and he reportedly took several attempts to (inconclusively) describe his responsibilities. 

Cricket career

Andrew was also a talented cricketer, gaining a Cambridge blue for that sport as well, and he made 17 first-class appearances for the university cricket team in 1984 and 1985, as well as playing five times for Combined Universities in one-day cricket. A left-handed batsman and right arm off-break bowler, he made one first-class century, scoring 101 not out against Nottinghamshire in July 1984. Andrew also made a few appearances for the Yorkshire Second XI, and on one occasion dismissed future England captain Mike Atherton (then aged 17) for a duck.

Off the field

Andrew is an Honorary President of the rugby charity Wooden Spoon, which raises funds for disadvantaged children and young people in the UK and Ireland.
Question:
Which former England rugby union player was nicknamed ‘Squeaky’?
Answer:
Rob Andrew
Passage:
Gravelly Hill Interchange
Gravelly Hill Interchange, better known by its nickname Spaghetti Junction,  is junction 6 of the M6 motorway where it meets the A38(M) Aston Expressway in the Gravelly Hill area of Birmingham, England. The interchange was opened on 24 May 1972.

Overview 

The interchange's colloquial name "Spaghetti Junction" was coined in 1965 by journalists from the Birmingham Evening Mail. On 1 June 1965, reporter Roy Smith described plans for the then unbuilt junction as a "cross between a plate of spaghetti and an unsuccessful attempt at a Staffordshire knot", and a sub-editor headlined the article "Spaghetti Junction".   

The junction provides access to and from the A38 (Tyburn Road), A38(M) (Aston Expressway), the A5127 (Lichfield Road/Gravelly Hill), and several unclassified local roads. It covers 30 acres, serves 18 routes and includes 4 km of slip roads, but only 1 km of the M6 itself. Across 5 different levels, it has 559 concrete columns, reaching up to . The engineers had to elevate  of motorway to accommodate two railway lines, three canals, and two rivers.

In 1958, the Ministry of Transport commissioned the engineering firm, Sir Owen Williams & Partners, to investigate possible routes to connect the M6, the A38(M) and the A38 trunk road. 

The development of the interchange was approved and announced in August 1968 by the then Minister of Transport, Richard Marsh. Construction was expected to take three years and to cost £8m. 

Construction started in 1968 and the junction was opened in May 1972 by the then Secretary of State for the Environment, Peter Walker.  The opening was delayed by several months because of "box girder inspections". These followed the interim report of the Merrison Enquiry set up following the collapse of similar box girder bridges in Australia and Wales.    In an unusual meeting of old and new transport technology, the pillars supporting the flyovers over the Birmingham Canal Navigations had to be carefully placed to enable a horse-drawn canal boat to pass under the interchange without fouling the towing rope. The junction has undergone major repair work several times since, owing to the very heavy traffic through the junction, and some alleged cost-saving measures during its construction.  In November 2007, a sliproad running from the Tyburn Road onto the Aston Expressway was closed to undergo urgent repair works. Upon inspection, it was found that Spaghetti Junction itself was in need of repair work because salt and grit had weakened the joints in the structure. 

The student magazine of Birmingham City University, Spaghetti Junction, takes its name from the interchange's nickname.

Co-located junctions

Underneath the motorway junction are the meeting points of local roads, the river Tame's confluences with the River Rea and Hockley Brook, electricity lines, gas pipelines, the Cross-City and Walsall railway lines and Salford Junction, where the Grand Union Canal, Birmingham and Fazeley Canal and Tame Valley Canal meet.
Question:
What is the alternative name for the Gravelly Hill interchange?
Answer:
Spaghetti Junction
Passage:
Kiss of Judas
According to the Synoptic Gospels, Judas identified Jesus to the soldiers by means of a kiss. This is the kiss of Judas, also known (especially in art) as the Betrayal of Christ, which occurs in the Garden of Gethsemane after the Last Supper, and leads directly to the arrest of Jesus by the police force of the Sanhedrin (Kilgallen 271).

More broadly, a Judas kiss may refer to "an act appearing to be an act of friendship, which is in fact harmful to the recipient." 

In the New Testament

Both Matthew (26:47–50) and Mark (14:43–45) use the Greek verb kataphilein, which means to kiss firmly, intensely, passionately, tenderly, or warmly. It is the same verb that Plutarch uses to describe a famous kiss that Alexander the Great gave Bagoas.  According to Matthew, Jesus responded by saying: "Friend, do what you are here to do." This has caused speculation that Jesus and Judas were actually in agreement with each other and that there was no real betrayal.Pagels, Elaine at Karen L. King. "The Gospel of John suggests that Jesus himself was complicit in the betrayal, that moments before Judas went out, Jesus had told him, 'Do quickly what you are going to do' (John 13:27)". Reading Judas, The Gospel of Judas and the Shaping of Christianity, Penguin Books, New York, 2007, pages 3–4, ISBN 978-0-14-311316-4.

In art

The scene is nearly always included, either as the Kiss itself, or the moment after, in the Arrest of Jesus, or the two combined (as above), in the cycles of the Life of Christ or Passion of Jesus in various media.
*Probably the best known is from Giotto's cycle in the Scrovegni Chapel in Padua.
*There is also a version called The Taking of Christ by Caravaggio or one of his disciples. 
*A  sixth-century Byzantine Mosaic in Ravenna.
*A fresco by Barna da Siena.
*A sculpture representing the Kiss of Judas appears on the Passion façade of the Sagrada Família.

File:Fra Angelico 020.jpg|Fresco by Fra Angelico, San Marco, Florence, 1437–1446
File:F463.highresBaiserJudas.jpg|Judas betraying Jesus with a kiss, in Grandes Heures of Anne of Brittany, between 1503 and 1508
File:Gustave Doré - Study for "The Judas Kiss" - Walters 371387.jpg|Study for The Judas Kiss by Gustave Doré, 1865
File:Brooklyn Museum - The Kiss of Judas (Le baiser de Judas) - James Tissot.jpg|The Kiss of Judas by James Tissot, Brooklyn Museum, between 1886 and 1894
File:1920 Hans Breinlinger - Der Judaskuss.jpg|Der Judasskuss by , 1920
Question:
Who betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces of silver?
Answer:
Judas Iscariot
Passage:
Terry Deary
William Terence "Terry" Deary (born 3 January 1946) is a British children's author of over 200 books, selling over 25 million copies in over 40 languages, best known as the writer of the Horrible Histories series. Since 1994 he has been one of Britain's best-selling authors. In 2012 he was the tenth most-borrowed author in British libraries, and was voted Outstanding Children's Non-Fiction Author Of The 20th Century by Books for Keeps magazine. 

Life and career

Deary was born in Sunderland. His father Bill owned a butcher's shop in Hendon, a poverty stricken area of the city and his mother Freda was the manageress of a clothing shop. Deary went to Monkwearmouth Grammar School and intensely disliked his school experience, particularly the style of teaching he received. He worked as a butcher's boy for much of his childhood, helping in the shop from the age of three. He joined the electricity board as a management trainee when he was 18 and later the Theatre Powys drama company in 1972 and as an actor toured Welsh village halls bringing theatre to children. He qualified as a teacher at the Sunderland's College of Education and taught drama. He began writing in 1976, turning full-time in 1994, with the publication of the Horrible Histories series.  

The Horrible Histories series of books are popular among children for their interesting details, vast information and humorous pictures and among adults for getting children interested in history. Books in the series have been widely translated into other languages and imitated. A cartoon series has been made of the series of books and was shown on CiTV in 2002. The Horrible Histories live action comedy sketch show of the same name has been shown on CBBC since 2009. Deary himself has played some parts.

Deary received an Honorary Doctorate of Education from the University of Sunderland in 2000.

In 2011, he retired from writing children's books after 35 years. He lives in Burnhope, County Durham, England with his wife Jenny and their daughter Sara.

Controversy

Deary is an outspoken critic of schools, which he believes serve no function above keeping children off the street. 
Deary has commented: "I've no interest in schools. They have no relevance in the 21st century. They were a Victorian idea to get kids off the street. Who decided that putting 30 kids with only their age in common in a classroom with one teacher was the best way of educating? At my school there were 52 kids in the class and all I learned was how to pass the 11-plus. Testing is the death of education. Kids should leave school at 11 and go to work. Not down the mines or up chimneys, mind, but working with computers or something relevant. Everything I learned after 11 was a waste of time. Trigonometry, Boyle's law: it's never been of any use to me. They should have been teaching me the life skills I was going to need, such as building relationships, parenting and managing money. I didn't have a clue about any of these things at 18. Schools need to change."   

Terry Deary has said of historians: "They are nearly as seedy and devious as politicians..They pick on a particular angle and select the facts to prove their case and make a name for themselves... They don’t write objective history... Eventually you can see through them all. They all come with a twist."  

In 2013, Deary spoke out against public libraries, saying that they "have been around too long", are "no longer relevant" and have "had their day". He argued: "we've got this idea that we've got an entitlement to read books for free, at the expense of authors, publishers and council tax payers... We don't expect to go to a food library to be fed. The car industry would collapse if we went to car libraries for free use of Porsches... If I sold the book I'd get 30p per book. I get six grand, [when] I should be getting £180,000." 

Terry Deary has also called to "ban Horrible Histories from schools", because "classrooms take all the fun out of his stories". 

Selected books

Series

*Horrible Histories
*Truly Terrible Tales
*Master Crook’s Crime Academy
*Tudor Chronicles (also known as Tudor Terror)
*Tudor Tales
*Roman Tales
*Egyptian Tales
*The Fire Thief
*The Knowledge
*Pirate Tales
*True Stories
*Time Detectives
*The Spark Files
*World War I Tales
*World War II Tales

Other books

*A Witch in Time
*The Ape Escape
*Classified
*Dangerous Days
*Spooks (1997)
*Hat Trick
*Hope Street (1980) ISBN 0-304-30514-6
*Ghost For Sale (2001)
*The Treasure Of Crazy Horse (2001)
*The Custard Kid (2001)
*The Wishing Well Ghost (2002)
*Into The Lion's Den (2002)
*Footsteps In The Fog (2003)
*The Boy Who Haunted Himself (2004)
*The Last Viking (2005)
*Great big Father Christmas joke book
*The Vampire of Croglin
Question:
Terry Deary has written which series of books for children?
Answer:
Horrible Histories (franchise)
Passage:
Ankle and Foot - InnerBody
Ankle and Foot
Home > Skeletal System > Bones of the Leg and Foot > Ankle and Foot
Ankle and Foot
The bones of the ankle and foot form the most distal region of the lower limb in the appendicular skeleton. These bones are responsible for the propulsion, balance, and support of the body’s weight through many diverse activities, such as standing, walking, running, and jumping.
The ankle joint is formed by the union of the lower leg bones – the tibia and fibula – and the talus bone (one of a group of bones collectively known as the tarsus, located in the foot). Together, these three bones form a tight synovial hinge joint that permits the plantarflexion and dorsiflexion of the foot....
Move up/down/left/right: Click compass arrows
Rotate image: Click and drag in any direction, anywhere in the frame
Identify objects: Click on them in the image
2D Interactive 3D Rotate & Zoom
Change Anatomical System
Ankle and Foot, Posterior (Back)
Full Ankle and Foot Description
[Continued from above] . . .  Plantarflexion is the movement that describes the pointing of the foot toward the ground, as in standing on one’s tiptoes. Dorsiflexion is the opposite of plantarflexion and involves the movement of the foot away from the ground, as in pulling the toes up and walking on one’s heels. The medial malleolus of the tibia and the lateral malleolus of the fibula form a cup surrounding the rounded tarsus to prevent lateral movement at the ankle joint. The fibula is united to the bones of the foot on the lateral side of the ankle by the anterior and posterior talofibular ligaments and the calcaneofibular ligament. On the medial side, the wide deltoid ligament binds the tibia to the tarsal bones of the foot. All of these ligaments work together to limit extreme movements and dislocations of the ankle joint while providing slight lateral flexibility that helps the body walk on uneven surfaces and maintain its balance.
Twenty-six small bones of the foot provide the strength and flexibility necessary for bipedal locomotion. The seven tarsal bones form the posterior portion of the foot nearest to the heel. Each tarsal bone is a short bone with many flat facets that allow the tarsals to glide past one another. This gliding motion provides lateral mobility to the foot below the level of the ankle joint and allows the foot to bend to adjust the body’s balance. Anterior to the tarsals are the five long metatarsal bones of the foot and the fourteen phalanges of the toes. The metatarsals, phalanges, and tarsals form the longitudinal and transverse arches of the foot to divide the body’s weight across the entire foot and act as a spring to absorb and release the force of the body’s weight on the ground. These bones also act as a lever to increase the strength of the muscles acting on the ankle joint, allowing the body to easily lift its entire weight up on the balls of the foot and the toes. This leverage is essential to rapid locomotion and jumping as it greatly increases the strength and speed of the legs.
Many different ligaments hold the bones of the foot firmly together while providing flexibility to the bones. Amongst the tarsal bones, the plantar calcaneonavicular ligament joins the navicular bone to the calcaneus (heel bone), while the plantar cuboideonavicular ligament joins the navicular bone to the cuboid bone. The dorsal and plantar tarsometatarsal ligaments bind the tarsal and metatarsal bones together, support the arches of the foot, and strengthen overall structure of the foot. In the anterior of the foot, the plantar metatarsal ligaments bind the instep across the sole of the foot.
Prepared by Tim Taylor, Anatomy and Physiology Instructor
Question:
What collective name is given to the seven bones that make up the back of the foot and ankle?
Answer:
Tarsi
