Passage:
The Rose Tattoo | Bay St. Louis Little Theatre
The Rose Tattoo | Bay St. Louis Little Theatre
Bay St. Louis Little Theatre
398 Blaize Avenue
Bay St. Louis, MS 39520
(228) 467-9024
info@bsllt.org
Upcoming Auditions
Auditions for “The Bad Seed” will be held at the Little Theatre on Wednesday, March 8 and Thursday, March 9, 2017 at 6:30pm.
The Rose Tattoo
* THIS EVENT HAS EXPIRED *
The Bay St. Louis Little Theatre will open its latest production “The Rose Tattoo” by Tennessee Williams on April 1st. The Williams play is part of the annual celebration of Tennessee Williams birthday.  The Little Theatre celebrates the birthday of Tennessee Williams because of their connection with one of his one-act plays “This Property is Condemned.” In 1965, the play was adapted into the screenplay for the movie of the same name by Francis Ford Coppola. So to continue the connection the Little Theatre holds an annual event that includes the play and the annual “Stella Yelling Contest.”
“The Rose Tattoo” is one of the most famous plays by Tennessee Williams. It debuted on Broadway in 1951 and won the 1951 Tony Award for Best Play. It opened with Maureen Stapleton and Eli Wallach as the leads. In 1955, the movie starred Burt Lancaster and Anna Magnani who won Best Actress at the Academy Awards for her portrayal. Williams wrote the play intending that the Italian actress Magnani would play the lead. She refused the role in 1951 because she felt that her English was not stage ready.  However, four years later, when the movie was ready to be cast, she accepted the role that was originally intended for her because her English had improved.
The setting of the play is described as “a village of mostly Sicilians somewhere along the Gulf Coast between New Orleans and Mobile.” It easily could be Bay St. Louis.
The play revolves around the story of Serafina delle Rose. She is a restless widow whose intense and absorbing instinct for love drives everything before it. This extraordinary woman dominates the small town where she and her friends are living and embodies the exultation and danger of unbridled passion. Her story, and that of the lover she chooses and the daughter she denies, are forged into a play of power, humanity, and soaring emotion.
The show is directed by Larry Clark and produced by Cheryl Grace. The cast includes Rosa Obregon as Serafina, Doug Hadley, Terry Cullen, Amaya Clark, Ronnie Aleman, Meredith Blaisingame, Jim Fraiser, Don Henry, Linda Aiaviolasiti, Christina Nelson, Sarah Morgan, Elizabeth Silverhawke, Gloria Noonan, Melissa Kelton, Linda Allen, Jay Kelton, Michael LeBeau, Leena Morgan, and David Kernion. Charles Dessommes will do lights and sound. Set design and set construction are managed by Laurie Spaschak and Dean Noel.
The show dates and times are April 1, 2, 8, and 9 at 8pm and April 3 and 10 at 2pm.
Doors open one hour before the show and seating starts 30 minutes before each show.
Tickets for the show can be purchased online or purchased at Maggie May’s at 126 Main Street or Twin Light Creations at 136 Main Street. Ticket fees are $15 adults, $10 Seniors 65+, veterans, military, and students with ID, and $6 for children 12 and under. Seat reservations can be made online or by calling 228-467-9024 or email the Little Theatre. Reservations for seats must be made for all ticket holders including season ticket holders to be able to accommodate the show’s audiences.
Actors in rehearsal for the Bay St. Louis Little Theatre’s upcoming show “The Rose Tattoo.” Seated on stage L to R: Jay Kelton, Leena Morgan, and Paul Fraiser. Second row seated: Ronnie Aleman, Amaya Clark, Rosa Obregon, Linda Aiaviolasiti, and Douglas Hadley. Standing L to R: Sarah Morgan, Terry Cullen, Linda Allen, Gloria Noonan, Melissa Kelton, Elizabeth Silverhawke, and Jim Fraiser
 
Show Dates: April 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10 -- 2016
Show Times: all nights at 8pm & Sunday matinee at 2pm
* THIS EVENT HAS EXPIRED *
Question:
"Who wrote the play ""The Rose Tattoo"" in 1951?"
Answer:
Tennesse Williams
Passage:
Vistula Lagoon
The Vistula Lagoon (;  or Kaliningradskiy Zaliv; ; ) is a brackish water lagoon on the Baltic Sea roughly 56 miles (90 km) long, 6 to 15 miles (10 to 19 km) wide, and up to 17 feet (5 m) deep, separated from Gdańsk Bay by the Vistula Spit. It is now known as the Vistula Bay or Vistula Gulf. The modern German name, Frisches Haff, is derived from an earlier form, Friesisches Haff.Erhard Riemann, Alfred Schoenfeldt, Ulrich Tolksdorf, Reinhard Goltz, Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur (Germany), Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur, Mainz, Preussisches Wörterbuch: Deutsche Mundarten Ost- und Westpreussens, 6th edition, Wachholtz, 1974, p.595, ISBN 3-529-04611-6

The lagoon is a mouth of a few branches of the Vistula River, notably the Nogat, and the Pregolya River. It is connected to Gdańsk Bay by the Strait of Baltiysk.

The Poland–Russia border runs across the lagoon.

Localities on the lagoon include Kaliningrad, Baltiysk, and Primorsk in Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast and Elbląg, Tolkmicko, Frombork, Krynica Morska in Poland. The Polish port of Elbląg used to see a substantial amount of trading traffic on the lagoon, but that has declined owing to the current border situation. Kaliningrad and Baltiysk are currently major seaports on the lagoon.

Etymology

The earliest version of the name of Vistula Lagoon has been recorded in historical sources by Wulfstan, an Anglo-Saxon sailor and merchant at the end of the 9th Century as Estmere.  It is an Anglo-Saxon translation of Old Prussian name for the lagoon - *Aīstinmari (modern Lithuanian - Aistmarės) derived from (OP - Old Prussian) Aistei - "Ests", (LAT - Latin)"Aestii" etc. and (OP) *mari - "lagoon (a body of water cut off from a larger body by a reef of sand), fresh water bay".  The Ests were Baltic people who since 9th Century became called in some historical sources (first time by Bavarian Geographer) Bruzi, Pruzzen, Pruteni etc. - Old Prussians. So the oldest known meaning of the name of Vistula Lagoon was "The lagoon or sea of the Ests". Over three hundred years later, in the first half of the 13th Century, the name of Vistula Lagoon occurs in deeds issued by Teutonic Order in Latin version as Mare Recens (1246 - "mare" - a pool or lake or sea and "recens" - fresh) in contrast to the contemporary name for the Baltic Sea - Mare Salsum (Salty Sea). Then in 1251 we find record about Mare Recens et Neriam (Frisches Haff and Frische Nehrung, now Vistula Spit) and finally in 1288 Recenti Mari Hab (Haff) which as one can see corresponds with later German "Frisches Haff" = "Fresh Lagoon". 

Proposed Canal

Digging a canal to connect the lagoon with the Baltic Sea is in consideration as a major EU-supported project. The canal, 1 km in length, would re-activate the Elbląg port. It would also free its dependence on Russia, which time and again revokes the right of passage for Polish ships through Strait of Baltiysk as a form of pressure on Polish authorities. It would cost an estimated PLN 800 million. However, major ecological considerations stand in the way. For example, mammal migration along the lagoon could be disrupted. Also, the inflow of brackish waters from the Baltic sea could result in serious unbalancing of the lagoon's freshwater ecosystem.

History 

From 1772 until 1918, the lagoon was part of the Kingdom of Prussia, which had become part of the German Empire in 1871. Between 1920 and 1946 it was split between Germany and the Free City of Danzig. At present state since 1945 its eastern part belongs to Russia (formerly USSR), Poland has 43.8% of its area at lagoon's western side. The bordering administrative regions is polish Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship and modern Russian Kaliningrad Oblast, which had name Königsberg Oblast during half of 1946.

Kursenieki

While today the Kursenieki, also known as Kuršininkai are a nearly extinct Baltic ethnic group living along the Curonian Spit, in 1649 Kuršininkai settlement spanned from Memel (Klaipėda) to Danzig (Gdańsk), including the area around the Vistula Lagoon. The Kuršininkai were eventually assimilated by the Germans, except along the Curonian Spit where some still live. The Kuršininkai were considered Latvians until after World War I when Latvia gained independence from the Russian Empire, a consideration based on linguistic arguments. This was the rationale for Latvian claims over the Curonian Spit, Memel, and other territories of East Prussia which would be later dropped.

Historical events related to lagoon 

From January until March 1945 throughout the Evacuation of East Prussia refugees from East Prussia crossed the frozen lagoon on their way to the west after the Red Army had reached the coast of the lagoon near Elbing on January 26. Attacked by Soviet fighter aircraft thousands of them were killed or broke through the ice.
Question:
The Vistula Lagoon is a freshwater lagoon on which sea?
Answer:
Mare Suevicum
Passage:
Nexus Research Group - How the elements were named
Nexus Research Group - How the elements were named
Named after Strontian, a small village in the Western Highlands of Scotland.
2. Elements named after Heavenly                              Bodies
Helium
He
From the Greek word "Helios" - the                                  Sun. In 1868 during an eclipse of the Sun, Scientists                                  observed a spectral line caused by an unknown                                  element. They named the element Helium. Twenty                                  seven years later in 1895, the element was discovered                                  on Earth.
Neptunium
Np
Named after the planet Neptune.                                  Find the position of the three planets Neptune,                                  Pluto and Uranus in the Solar system. Now find                                  the position in the Periodic Table of the three                                  elements named after these planets...
Plutonium
Named after the planet Pluto
Uranium
U
Named after the planet Uranus. The                                  element was discovered in 1789, shortly after                                  the discovery of the planet.
3. Elements named from Mythology
Tantalum
Ta
Named after the Greek mythological king, Tantalus.                                    It was discovered in 1802 and great difficulties were encountered in dissolving its oxide in                                    acid to form salts. It proved to be a tantalising                                    problem!
Niobium
Nb
Named after Princess Niobe, the                                  daughter of King Tantalus. According to legend,                                  father and daughter were always found together                                  and were very much alike. The two elements Niobium                                  and Tantalum are usually found together in nature                                  and their properties are very similar. Niobium                                  was discovered in North America in 1801 and was                                  originally named Columbium. It was renamed in                                  1844 after the connections with tantalum was realised.                                  Find the positions of both elements in the periodic                                  table
Thorium
Th
Named after Thor, the Scandinavian                                  God of War and Thunder. It was discovered and                                  named in 1828. Coincidentally, thorium is used                                  today as a nuclear fuel in nuclear weapons and                                  reactors.
Titanium
Ti
Named after Titans, the Greek supermen.                                  Titanium is an extremely strong metal which resists                                  attack by acids.
Vanadium
Named after Vandis, the Scandinavian                                  Goddess of Beauty. The salts of vanadium have                                  beautiful colours.
4. Names that describe their Properties
Argon
Ar
From the Greek word "argos" which                                  means idle or lazy. Argon is one of the laziest,                                  least reactive elements of all.
Bromine
From the Greek word "chloros" which                                  means green. Chlorine is a green gas.
Cobalt
Co
From the German word "kobold" which                                  means goblin or evil spirit. Miners working in                                  the cobalt mines sometimes died unexpectedly.                                  For this reason the miners thought that the mines contained evil spirits. The real reason for these                                  unexpected deaths was that cobalt ores usually                                  contained highly poisonous arsenic. Dust from                                  the ore probably got on their food or was breathed                                  in, causing sudden deaths.
Hydrogen
H
From the Greek words "hydro" and                                  "genes" which mean water and forming. When hydrogen                                  burns in the air, it forms water.
Iodine
I
From the Greek word :iodos" which                                  means violet. Iodine is a grey solid at room temperature.                                  It gives off a violet coloured vapour when warmed.
Nickel
Ni
From the German word "kupfernickel"                                  which means "Old Nick's Copper" or "False Copper".                                  Salts of nickel resemble salts of copper. When                                  nickel ore was first mined, the miners thought                                  the ore was copper. They were mystified when the                                  ore was smelted to give a silvery metal (nickel)                                  and not red copper metal as had been expected.                                  They called this metal "Devil's Copper" - Kupfernickel.
Oxygen
O
From the Greek words "oxy" and "genes"                                  meaning acid forming. Most non-metals burn in                                  oxygen to form acids eg. sulphur.
Phosphorous
P
From the Greek word "phosphorus"                                  which means "light bearing". It was also the ancient                                  name for the planet Venus, usually the brightest                                  "star" in the night sky. Phosphorous glows in                                  the dark and catches fire in the air to give a bright flame.
Radium
Ra
From the Latin word "radius" which                                  means "ray of light". Radium was discovered in                                  1898 by Pierre and Marie Curie. It gives out invisible                                  and dangerous radiation ie. it is radioactive.                                  When concentrated, radium glows in the dark.
5. Elements named after Famous                              Scientists
Curium
Question:
Which element is named after the Greek for ‘stench’?
Answer:
Bromeen
Passage:
Thinking man's/woman's crumpet
In British English, the thinking man's crumpet or  thinking woman's crumpet is a humorous term for a person who is popular with the opposite sex because of their intelligence and their physical attractiveness.[http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/the-thinking-woman-s-man-s-crumpet The thinking woman's/man's crumpet - definition in the British English Dictionary & Thesaurus - Cambridge Dictionaries Online]

The expression is derived from the slang use of the term "crumpet" to refer to a woman who is regarded as an object of sexual desire. 

Usage

The first person to be called "the thinking man's crumpet" was Joan Bakewell, by humourist Frank Muir, following her appearances in highbrow television discussion programmes such as BBC2's Late Night Line-Up.  Bakewell is still synonymous with the phrase, but it has subsequently been applied to other high-profile women such as Anne Gregg,  Joanna Lumley, Kate Bush and Felicity Kendal, and, more recently, Helen Mirren,  Jennifer Saunders, Lucy Worsley and Gillian Anderson.   Trumpeter Alison Balsom is sometimes referred to as the "trumpet crumpet".  In a poll in the Radio Times in 2003, Nigella Lawson received the most votes to be the readers' "thinking man's crumpet",  with Carol Vorderman in second place.

Almost half a century after Muir deployed the term, Bakewell (by then Baroness Bakewell and a Dame of the British Empire) remarked that "it has taken me a lifetime to live it down. It was meant as a compliment I suppose, but it was a little bit of a put-down". 

Actors Benedict Cumberbatch, Colin Firth and Bill Nighy have been repeatedly called by the press "the thinking woman's crumpet". [http://arts.nationalpost.com/2013/08/10/shinan-govani-tapping-idris-elba-and-benedict-cumberbatch-the-titans-of-tiff/ Shinan Govani: Tapping Idris Elba and Benedict Cumberbatch, the Titans of TIFF | National Post]      But even before them, Michael Kitchen was acclaimed as "the thinking woman's crumpet" in a review in The Mail in November 2003.

After the release of the 1997 film Titanic, Kate Winslet was dubbed by one newspaper as "the sinking man's crumpet";   the moniker was repeated by only one other British newspaper.

Stewart Lee uses the phrase "crumpet man's thinker" in his stand-up, referring to Andrew Graham-Dixon.
Question:
Who has the nickname of the thinking man's crumpet?
Answer:
Baroness Bakewell
Passage:
ThrustSSC
ThrustSSC, Thrust SSC, or Thrust supersonic car, is a British jet-propelled car developed by Richard Noble, Glynne Bowsher, Ron Ayers and Jeremy Bliss. 

Thrust SSC holds the World Land Speed Record, set on 15 October 1997, when it achieved a speed of 1228 km/h and became the first car to officially break the sound barrier.

Details

The car was driven by Royal Air Force fighter pilot Wing Commander Andy Green in the Black Rock Desert in  the state of Nevada. It was powered by two afterburning Rolls-Royce Spey turbofan engines, as used in the British version of the F-4 Phantom II jet fighter. The car was 16.5 m (54 ft) long, 3.7 m (12 ft) wide and weighed 10.5 tons (10.7 t), and the twin engines developed a net thrust of 223 kN (50,000 lbf), a power output of 110,000 bhp (82MW),  burning around 18 litres/second (4.0 Imperial gallons/s or 4.8 US gallons/s).  Transformed into the usual terms for car mileages based on its maximum speed, the fuel consumption was about 5500 l/100 km.

The record run in October 1997 was preceded by extensive test runs of the vehicle in autumn 1996 and spring 1997 in the Al-Jafr desert (located in Ma'an Governorate) in Jordan, a location unknown before for its capabilities as a test range for high speed land vehicles, with numerous advantages compared to the salt deserts of the Western United States.

After the record was set, the World Motor Sport Council released the following message: 
The World Motor Sport Council homologated the new world land speed records set by the team ThrustSSC of Richard Noble, driver Andy Green, on 15 October 1997 at Black Rock Desert, Nevada (USA). This is the first time in history that a land vehicle has exceeded the speed of sound. The new records are as follows:
*Flying mile           1227.985 km/h (763.035 mph)
*Flying kilometre   1223.657 km/h (760.343 mph)
In setting the record, the sound barrier was broken in both the north and south runs.
:::Paris, 11 November 1997.

The complete run history is available. 

Legacy

In 1983 Richard Noble had broken the world land speed record with his earlier car Thrust2, which reached a speed of 1,018 km/h (633 mph). The date of Andy Green's record came exactly a half century and one day after Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in Earth's atmosphere, with the Bell X-1 research rocket plane on 14 October 1947.

Both Thrust SSC and Thrust2 are displayed at the Coventry Transport Museum in Coventry, England. Thrust SSC is housed in a barrel-roofed hall. Visitors can board the pit trailer from which Thrust SSC runs were controlled, and can ride a motion simulator depicting a computer-generated animation of the record-breaking run from the perspective of Green. 

Several teams are competing to break the record, including Richard Noble's Bloodhound SSC project  and the North American Eagle project. 

Richard Noble–Orange-Intel dispute 

In June 2012, a television advertisement for the Orange San Diego mobile phone, containing an Intel processor, was broadcast on British television and featured a fast car in computer generated imagery. Richard Noble claimed that the car was a representation of Thrust SSC and thus these companies had used his intellectual property without permission, putting the future of the Bloodhound SSC project in doubt. The Advertising Standards Authority rejected the Bloodhound team's complaint, claiming that intellectual property disputes were not in its remit. According to BBC News technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones, Intel and Orange responded that their production team had researched different styles of "superfast vehicles" and developed their own Orange-branded land speed car, and that the advertisement and phone were not connected to Noble or Bloodhound SSC.
Question:
Who drove the car 'Thrust SSC' that first broke the land speed record in September 1997?
Answer:
ANDY GREEN
Passage:
How To Speak Like A Cyclist - I Love Bicycling
How To Speak Like A Cyclist - I Love Bicycling
I Love Bicycling
Home / How To / How To Speak Like A Cyclist
How To Speak Like A Cyclist
March 16, 2014
by U.M. 30 Comments
How to Speak Like a Cyclist
So you want to be a cyclist? Then you should probably learn how to speak like a cyclist. Here are some terms you may come across while reading cycling blogs or speaking to your fellow cyclists outside of the normal mechanical jargon.
1. Attack
This is most commonly a racing term that means you quickly accelerate with the idea that you’re going to put a gap between you and other riders.
2. Breakaway
Similar to attack, breakaway means that you or a small group split off from the front of a larger group and move ahead, leaving a sizable gap behind you.
3. Echelon
This is a French word that refers to a line of riders who are trying to hit maximum drafting speed in a cross wind. This results in a diagonal line across the track.
4. Peloton
Another French word, a peloton is a large group of cyclists that totals more than twenty riders.
5. Drafting/Slipstreaming
This is the process of reducing your wind resistance by basically riding behind another rider. This can reduce your wind resistance so dramatically that it can reduce the amount of energy required to maintain a speed by up to 30%. Slipstreaming is so useful that it is a common feature of most road racing tactics.
6. Keep The Rubber On The Road
The equivalent to the theater world’s: Break a leg! It means, “Have a good ride! Don’t crash!”
7. Wonky
A term for anything that feels off while you’re riding. This includes mechanical failure or a riding partner’s bad mood.
8. JRA
This comes from bike shop humour and means “Just Riding Along”. As in, “I was just riding along and I crashed into a tree and the whole bike fell apart!” How many stories do you think bike repair people hear that start with JRA?
9. Bonking
This is when you run out of fuel and your blood sugar becomes incredibly low. There is no more fuel for your brain, muscles, and heart. Besides being dangerous, it makes you feel like $#!%.
10. Road Rash
This is caused by crashing. Road rash occurs when your skin slides across the asphalt leaving you with mild to severe skin abrasions.
11. Saddle Sores
This is leg-to-seat chaffing. They usually appear in the nether regions and can really hurt.
12. Biff
This is slang for a bike crash.
13. Endo
This is when a cyclist flips over their handlebars during a crash. As in, “End over end.”
14. Vitamin I
This isn’t actually a vitamin, just called one because cyclists use it so much. It’s Ibuprofen.
15. Cadence
This is the speed of spinning your pedals. Cadence is measured in revolutions per minute (RPM) and is often a focal point for improving cycling performance.
16. Watts
This is a measure of power. Watts are used to find out how much power a cyclist produces.
17. Steed
This is what a lot of cyclists call their bikes. It’s a nod to horseback riding lingo.
18. Beater Bike
Sometimes called the clunker, this is not the go-to bike but the back-up bike. Usually old and a little out of tune, the beater bike is for lackadaisical days and getting from point A to point B.
19. Chamois
This is your padded cycling shorts. They reduce chafing, blisters, and saddle sores.
20. The Brain Bucket
It’s just your helmet. Sometimes called the cycling hard hat.
21. Kit
This is a reference to cyclists who wear matchy-matchy outfits. Everything is designed to go together from the jersey to the shorts and sometimes even the socks.
22. Grand Tour
There are only three Grand Tours in the world: Tour de France, Giro d’Italia, and Vuelta a Espa᷈na. They are all three week long stage races for professionals. A lot of people either watch them or pretend to.
23. Neo-Pro
Question:
What French word commonly refers to a bunch or pack of cyclists?
Answer:
Pelaton
Passage:
Shirley Conran
Shirley Conran (born 21 September 1932) is a British novelist and journalist. 

Life and writings

Conran is a best-selling author, whose books include Lace and Superwoman.   She has been a columnist for Vanity Fair, women's editor of The Daily Mail and a feature writer for The Observer.

Lace spent 13 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list,  reaching as high as No. 6,  and was adapted into a 1980s US miniseries.

Conran was educated at the University of Portsmouth. She was successfully treated for skin cancer and has suffered from ME.  She is the ex-wife of British designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer Sir Terence Conran and mother to Sebastian Conran and Jasper Conran, both of whom are designers. Her two later husbands included Kevin O'Sullivan, now the husband of Victoria Glendinning.  Conran has homes in France and London, and lived in Monaco for several years. 

She is known for coining the phrases "Life is too short to stuff a mushroom"  and "First things first, second things never".

;Founder of Maths Action
An independent, not for profit organisation with no political affiliations, Maths Action aims to improve maths performance in Britain. 

Works

Fiction

*Lace (Simon & Schuster, 1982) 
*Lace 2 (1985)
*The Complete Story (omnibus, 1986)
*Savages (1987, movie rights owned by Warner Brothers but never made)
*Crimson (1992)
*Tiger Eyes (1994)
*The Revenge (aka Revenge of Mimi Quinn, 1998)
*The Amazing Umbrella Shop (1990)

Non-fiction

*Superwoman (1975)
*Superwoman 2 (1977)
*Futurewoman: How to Survive Life After Thirty (1979)
*Superwoman in Action (1979)
*The Magic Garden (1983)
*Down with Superwoman: For Everyone Who Hates Housework (1990)
*Money Stuff (2014) 

Other

*The Magic Garden was adapted as a computer program and published by Acornsoft for the BBC Micro as Shirley Conran's Magic Garden.
Question:
Which author is the ex-wife of British designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer Sir Terence and the mother of designers Sebastian and Jasper?
Answer:
Shirley Conran
Passage:
Tony Burrows
Anthony "Tony" Burrows (born 14 April 1942) is a British session pop singer and recording artist. 

Career

Burrows was born in Exeter, Devon.  In the early 1960s, he was a member of The Kestrels, a vocal harmony group which also included the future songwriting team Roger Greenaway and Roger Cook.  Subsequently he joined The Ivy League. He was still with them when they metamorphosed into The Flower Pot Men.  The Flower Pot Men had only one hit, "Let's Go to San Francisco", which reached number four in the UK Singles Chart in the autumn of 1967.  Two founding members of Deep Purple, Jon Lord and Nick Simper, were also part of this early band.

Later, Burrows sang the lead vocals on several one-hit songs under different group names, Edison Lighthouse's "Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" (February 1970); White Plains' "My Baby Loves Lovin'" (March 1970); The Pipkins' novelty song "Gimme Dat Ding" (April 1970); and The First Class' "Beach Baby" (July 1974). He also sang lead vocals on The Brotherhood of Man's "United We Stand", which reached #10 on the UK charts and also reached #13 in the U.S.

A published interview with Burrows claims that he became the first (and still the only) recording artist to appear on BBC Television's Top of the Pops fronting three different group acts appearing nearly simultaneously in a single broadcast show: Edison Lighthouse (the number one British-charted hit that week), White Plains, and Brotherhood of Man. However records show that this did not happen. He did have two of his bands on the same Top of the Pops four times between 29 January and 26 February 1970. Appearing alongside Edison Lighthouse on the shows were Brotherhood of Man (29-01-70 and 19-02-70) and White Plains (12-02-70 and 26-02-70). The appearances on 29 January, 5 February and 26 February 1970 are all still in existence.

Although he hit the Top 40 as the lead singer of 5 different groups, he only managed to have  1 chart single as a solo artist in the U.S. In 1970, he hit the Billboard Hot 100 with "Melanie Makes Me Smile", which only peaked at #87. As well as fronting various hit-making acts, Burrows has also contributed vocals as a session singer to many other hits, claiming to have sung on 100 top 20 hits in the 1970s.  

He has also recorded as a session harmony singer with Elton John, Cliff Richard, and James Last.

Discography

;Singles
*1970 "Melanie Makes Me Smile" (Bell Records)
*1970 "Every Little Move She Makes / I've Still Got My Heart Joe" (Bell)
*1971 "The Humming Song" (Bell)
*1971 "I'll Always Come Up Smiling" (Bell)
*1971 "Hand Me Down Man" (Bell)
*1972 "Rhythm of the Rain" (Bell)
*1973 "Take Away the Feeling" (Ammo Records)
*1974 "Have You Had a Little Happiness Lately" (Ammo)
*1975 "Run Joey Run" (RAK Records)
*1976 "Never Gonna Fall In Love Again" (Magic featuring Tony Burrows) (Bus Stop Records)
*1976 "Oh My Jo" (Bus Stop)
*1976 "When My Little Girl is Smiling" (DJM Records)
*1984 "Three Chord Trick" (EMI Records)
Question:
"Which pop group, initially a studio only band for Tony Burrows and songwriter/record producers Tony Macaulay and Barry Mason, are best known for their 1970 record, ""Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)""?"
Answer:
Edison Lighthouse
Passage:
Italian Days of the Week - Italian Months - Italian Seasons
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Learn the words for Monday - Sunday
Close up of pen and calendar.  Tetra Images
By Cher Hale
Updated September 13, 2016.
What day is the market open? And what day does the post office close early? What day of the week do you want to go to Chianti ?
Besides being able to tell the time , in order to figure out when to go to events and hang out with friends , you’ll need to know the days of the week in Italian.
Whether you’re reviewing the vocabulary or you’re learning it for the first time, below you’ll find useful examples for everyday conversations along with cocktail party facts so you can better understand the culture.
DAYS OF THE WEEK - I GIORNI DELLA SETTIMANA
Monday - lunedì
Saturday - sabato
Sunday - domenica
Cocktail party fact: Notice how the first letter of the day of the week isn’t capitalized. In Italian, days of the week, months and seasons are all lowercase.
Weekend - il fine settimana
Pronunciation
Notice how there is a grave accent mark (`) on the vocabulary words for Monday through Friday.
That accent mark lets you know where to put the stress in the word , so in this case, the stress falls on the last syllable “di.”
Esempi:
A: Che giorno è oggi? - What day is it today?
B: Oggi è mercoledì. - Today is Wednesday.
Ieri era (è stato) martedì. - Yesterday was Tuesday.
Domani è giovedì. - Tomorrow is Thursday.
Il lunedì la maggior parte dei ristoranti sono chiusi. - On Mondays the majority of restaurants are closed.
Il weekend il mercato è aperto. - The market is open on the weekends.
Frequento le lezioni da lunedì a venerdì. - I attend lessons from Monday to Friday.
Parto per l’Italia sabato. - I’m leaving for Italy on Saturday.
Perché non è ancora venerdì!? - Why isn’t it Friday yet!?
Sono libero venerdì sera. Ti va di andare al cinema? - I’m free Friday. Want to go to the movies?
Il giorno più bello della settimana è lunedì perché è l’inizio di una nuova settimana. - The greatest day of the week is Monday because it’s the start of a new week.
A: Qual è il vostro giorno di riposo (di chiusura)? - When is your day off?
B: Siamo chiusi tutte le domeniche mattina. -  Our day off is every Sunday morning.
Cocktail party fact: Lunedì, martedì, mercoledì, giovedì e venerdì are INVARIABLE, so they don’t change in their plural form. Sabato e domenica, however, have a plural form when needed. (e.g.: ...i sabati; ...le domeniche.)
Vado a danza tutti i lunedì. - I take my dance class every Monday.
La mensa rimane aperta più a lungo le domeniche. - Dining hall stays open longer on Sundays.
Ogni martedì raccolgono la carta. - Each Tuesday is paper garbage collection.
Make Your Bridges for Tuesdays & Thursdays
When a religious festival or holiday, like Festa della Repubblica or Ognissanti , falls on a Tuesday (martedì) or a Thursday (giovedì), Italians oftentimes fare il ponte, which literally means to make the bridge, and figuratively means to make a four-day holiday. That means they taken off the intervening Monday or Friday.
Question:
Martedi is Italian for which day of the week?
Answer:
Day of Tīwaz
Passage:
Tropic of Capricorn
The Tropic of Capricorn (or the Southern Tropic) is the circle of latitude that contains the subsolar point on the December (or southern) solstice. It is thus the southernmost latitude where the Sun can be directly overhead. Its northern equivalent is the Tropic of Cancer.

The Tropic of Capricorn is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth. As of , its latitude is    south of the equator, but it is very gradually moving northward, currently at the rate of 0.47 arcseconds, or 15 metres, per year. 

Geography and environment

The Tropic of Capricorn is the dividing line between the Southern Temperate Zone to the south and the tropics to the north. The northern hemisphere equivalent of the Tropic of Capricorn is the Tropic of Cancer.

The position of the Tropic of Capricorn is not fixed, but rather it varies in a complex manner over time; see under circles of latitude for information.

In Australia, areas on the Tropic have some of the most variable rainfall in the world  and thus even the wetter areas cannot be generally farmed since irrigation sources invariably dry up in drought years. In southern Africa, where rainfall is more reliable, farming is possible though yields are low even with fertilisers.

In South America, whilst in the continental cratons soils are almost as old as in Australia and Southern Africa, the presence of the geologically young and evolving Andes means that this region is on the western side of the subtropical anticyclones and thus receives warm and humid air from the Atlantic Ocean. As a result, areas in Brazil adjacent to the Tropic are extremely important agricultural regions, producing large quantities of crops such as coffee, and the natural rainforest vegetation has been entirely cleared. In and west of the Andes, however, the Humboldt Current makes conditions extremely arid, creating one of the driest deserts in the world, so that no glaciers exist between Volcán Sajama at 18˚30'S and Cerro Tres Cruces at 27˚S.  Vegetation here is almost non-existent, though on the eastern slopes of the Andes rainfall is adequate for rainfed agriculture.

Around the world 

Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the Tropic of Capricorn passes through 10 countries:

Places located along the Tropic of Capricorn

The following cities and landmarks are either located near the Tropic of Capricorn, or the tropic passes through them.

;; Argentina
* Andes Mountains
* The Pampas
* San Salvador de Jujuy

;; Australia
* Paraburdoo, Western Australia
* Newman, Western Australia
* Lake Disappointment, Western Australia
* Gibson Desert, Western Australia
* Ikuntji (Haast's Bluff), Northern Territory
* Alice Springs, Northern Territory
* Longreach, Queensland
* Great Dividing Range, Queensland
* Emerald, Queensland
* Gracemere, Queensland
* Rockhampton, Queensland
* Cape Capricorn, Queensland

;; Botswana
* Kalahari Desert
* Khutse Game Reserve
* Kule
* Mahalapye

;; Brazil
* Itaquaquecetuba
* Mogi das Cruzes
* Maringá
* São Paulo-Guarulhos International Airport
* São Paulo
* Sorocaba
* Taguaí
* Ubatuba

;; Chile
* Atacama Desert
* Andes Mountains
* Antofagasta

;; Madagascar
* Toliara

;; Mozambique
* Inhambane city
* Morrumbene
* Massinga

;; Namibia
* Walvis Bay
* Swakopmund
* Namib Desert

;; Paraguay
* Concepción

;; South Africa
* Kruger National Park
* Polokwane
* Capricorn District Municipality

File:Tropico del capricorno Madagascar Regione di Atsimo-Andrefana.jpg|Atsimo-Andrefana Region, Madagascar
File:Tropic of Capricorn Jujuy.JPG|The Tropic of Capricorn marked in Jujuy Province in northern Argentina
File: Botswana Tropic of Capricorn Sign.JPG|Monument marking the Tropic of Capricorn as it passes through Botswana
File:Tropic of Capricorn (Namibia).jpg|A sign marking the Tropic of Capricorn as it passes through Namibia
File:Trópico de Capricórnio.JPG|Roadway plaque marking the Tropic of Capricorn in the city of Santana do Parnaíba, Brazil, at the correct latitude for year 1917.
File:TOC sign Brazil.JPG|Marker for the tropic in Maringá, Paraná, Brazil, July 2012

File:tocrockhampton.jpg|Roadside monument marking Tropic of Capricorn in Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia, 28 January 2005
File:Tropic-of-Capricorn Rockhampton.jpg|Monument marking Tropic of Capricorn in Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia, 1970
File:Tropic of capricorn Australia.jpg|Road sign marking Tropic of Capricorn in Western Australia, Australia, 26 August 2008
File:tropic-capri-australia2.jpg|Monument marking the Tropic of Capricorn just north of Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia

List of countries entirely south of the Tropic of Capricorn

As the major portion of earth's land is located in the Northern Hemisphere there are only four countries entirely south of the Tropic of Capricorn (there are 74 countries entirely north of the Tropic of Cancer):
* Lesotho
* New Zealand 
* Swaziland
* Uruguay

Name

The Tropic of Capricorn is so named because, when it was named about 2,000 years ago, the sun was also in the direction of the constellation Capricornus (capricorn is Latin for goat horn) at the December solstice. In modern times the sun appears in the constellation Sagittarius during this time. The change is due to precession of the equinoxes. The word "tropic" itself comes from the Greek trope (τροπή), meaning turn, change in direction or circumstances, referring to the fact that the sun appears to "turn back" at the solstices.
Question:
What's the counterpart of the Tropic of Capricorn?
Answer:
Northern tropic
Passage:
Frank Drebin
Frank Drebin is a fictional character in the Police Squad! series and the Naked Gun movies played by Leslie Nielsen.  In December 2013, it was announced that Ed Helms would star as the character in a reboot of the Naked Gun film franchise. In 2008, Drebin was selected by Empire Magazine as one of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time.  In 2000, TV Guide named him to its list of the 25 greatest TV detectives, ranking him # 23.   He was also named by UGO.com as one of The 100 Best Heroes of All Time.  

Character overview

Frank Drebin is a member of Police Squad, a special department of the police force, where he served for many years. In the original TV series, he is a competent (although extremely strait-laced) police officer, who plays the straight man to the wacky comedy going on around him. In the subsequent films, he is changed to a more comic figure; he is known for being a bumbling fool, causing lots of problems, often more than he solves, but being entirely oblivious to it all. In the TV Series, he treats his colleagues and people that he helps with respect and shows pity for the latter, although he sometimes unintentionally causes them a bit of grief. In the film unlike people such as his friend who he works under, Captain Ed Hocken (Alan North/George Kennedy), he is a very indiscreetly and unsympathetically outspoken man, therefore tending to appear cold and insensitive towards people, not to mention cynical. He just as well lacks having pity and compassion towards struggling individuals when they need it, and having any of it when conversing with officials who confront him about his mistakes. While he works under Ed, in Police Squad, he works with Norberg (Peter Lupus). In the Naked Gun series, he works with Nordberg (O.J. Simpson). Drebin has held the rank of Sergeant and Lieutenant Detective.

He and Ted Olson are the only characters that appeared in both Police Squad! and the Naked Gun films and were portrayed by the same actor.
Question:
In which series of films would you meet Frank Drebin
Answer:
Enrico Palazo
Passage:
Styx
In Greek mythology, Styx (; ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler). The rivers Styx, Phlegethon, Acheron, Lethe, and Cocytus all converge at the center of the underworld on a great marsh, which sometimes is also called the Styx. According to Herodotus, the river Styx originates near Feneos.  Styx is also a goddess with prehistoric roots in Greek mythology as a daughter of Tethys, after whom the river is named and because of whom it had miraculous powers.

Significance of the River Styx

The deities were bound by the Styx and swore oaths upon Styx. According to classical myths, the reason related for this is that during the Titan war, Styx, the goddess of the river Styx, sided with Zeus. After the war, Zeus promised every oath be sworn upon her.  Zeus swore to give Semele whatever she wanted and was then obliged to follow through when he realized to his horror that her request would lead to her death. Helios similarly promised his son Phaëton whatever he desired, also resulting in the boy's death. Myths related to such early deities did not survive long enough to be included in historic records, but tantalizing references exist among those that have been discovered.

According to some versions, Styx had miraculous powers and could make someone invulnerable. According to one tradition, Achilles was dipped in the waters of the river by his mother during his childhood, acquiring invulnerability, with exception of his heel, by which his mother held him. The only spot where Achilles was vulnerable was his heel, where he was struck and killed by Paris' arrow in the Trojan War. This is the source of the expression Achilles' heel, a metaphor for a vulnerable spot.

Styx was primarily a feature in the afterworld of classical Greek mythology, similar to the Christian area of Hell in texts such as The Divine Comedy and Paradise Lost. The ferryman Charon often is described in contemporary literature as having transported the souls of the newly dead across this river into the underworld, although in the original Greek and Roman sources, as well as in Dante, it was the river Acheron that Charon plied. Dante put Phlegyas as ferryman over the Styx and made it the fifth circle of Hell, where the wrathful and sullen are punished by being drowned in the muddy waters for eternity, with the wrathful fighting each other. In ancient times some believed that placing a coin (Charon's obol) in the mouth  of the deceased would pay the toll for the ferry to cross the Acheron River, which would lead one to the entrance of the underworld. If someone could not pay the fee it was said that they would never be able to cross the river. This ritual was performed by the relatives.

The variant spelling Stix was sometimes used in translations of Classical Greek before the twentieth century.  By metonymy, the adjective stygian came to refer to anything dark, dismal, and murky.

Goddess

Styx was the name of the daughter of Tethys and Oceanus, the goddess of the River Styx. In classical myths, her husband was Pallas and she gave birth to Zelus, Nike, Kratos, and Bia (and sometimes Eos). In those myths, Styx supported Zeus in the Titanomachy, where she was said to be the first to rush to his aid and for this reason her name was given the honor of being a binding oath for the deities. Knowledge of whether this was the original reason for the tradition did not survive into historical records following the religious transition that led to the pantheon of the classical era.

Science

As of 2 July 2013, Styx officially became the name of one of Pluto's moons.  The other moons (Charon, Nix, Hydra, and Kerberos) also have names from Greco-Roman mythology related to the underworld.
Question:
If you cross the river Styx, where are you?
Answer:
Agesander (Hades)
Passage:
Anderson Bridge
Anderson Bridge is a vehicular bridge that spans across the Singapore River. It is located near the river's mouth in the Downtown Core Planning Area of Singapore's Central Area.

The bridge was completed in 1910,G. Chandradas, Tien Chung Ping (21 August 2008). "Bridging the gap", The Straits Times. and was named after the Governor of the Straits Settlements and High Commissioner for the Federated Malay States (1904–1911), Sir John Anderson, who officially opened the bridge on 12 March 1910. It formed part of the Singapore Grand Prix's Marina Bay Street Circuit, which debuted on 28 September 2008.

History

Anderson Bridge was built with the intention to replace the overloaded Cavenagh Bridge as the link between the government administrative area in the Civic District on the northern bank and the Commercial District (now Raffles Place) on the southern bank of the Singapore River. Due to the flourishing trade on the Singapore River by the 1880s, Cavenagh Bridge could not support the increasingly heavy traffic into town. Despite the building of Ord Bridge and Read Bridge, the traffic situation did not improve and in fact worsened following the widening of Battery Road. Its low draught was also insufficient for the passage of boats at high tide. However, when Anderson Bridge was completed in 1910, Cavenagh Bridge was spared from demolition and was converted to a pedestrian bridge, with heavier vehicles, horse and ox carts being diverted to Anderson Bridge.

Anderson Bridge was constructed between 1908 and 1910, as a joint venture between the colonial government and the Municipality after the reclamation of the south bank of the Singapore River. The abutments were built by the Westminster Construction Company Limited.

The elegant bridge displays an excellent combination of intricate plaster and metalwork unmatched by any other bridge locally. It comprises three steel arches with supporting steel ribs extending across them, two rusticated archways and a fluted pier at each end.

During the Japanese Occupation of Singapore (1942–1945), the severed heads of criminals were hung on Anderson Bridge as a warning to discourage citizens from breaking the law.

Anderson Bridge today

 
In the 1990s, due again to the increasing vehicular traffic flow between the northern and southern bank of the Singapore River, the Esplanade Bridge was built to provide faster access between Marina Centre and the financial district of Shenton Way. Construction of the 260-metre long bridge in front of the mouth of the Singapore River began in early 1994 and was completed in 1997.

Anderson Bridge currently still serves as a vehicular bridge, and connects the financial district directly to City Hall. The bridge is located near The Fullerton Hotel (previously Fullerton Building) and the former Merlion Park. my mom is bigger..

On 3 November 2008, the  bridge was selected for conservation as part of the Urban Redevelopment Authority's expanded conservation programme. 

The bridge forms a distinctive part of the Formula One Singapore Street Circuit.
abd
Question:
St Andrews Road, Anderson Bridge and Raffles Boulevard are all sections of the Formula One Grand Prix track in which country?
Answer:
Singapore City (disambiguation)
Passage:
Properties of Sound - Concordia College
Light and Sound Waves
 
The Characteristics of Sound and Light Waves
        There are many different kinds of waves.  Waves can carry a little energy or a lot.  They can be short or long.  They can be rare or frequent.  They can travel fast or slow.  Sound waves, light waves, X-rays, microwaves, and ocean waves are but a few examples.  All waves, however, share certain basic characteristics.
All waves have amplitude, wavelength, and frequency.
 
In order to understand these characteristics of waves, it may help you to represent a wave as a drawing on a graph.  The X-axis (the horizontal line) represents the normal, or resting position. 
For example, the X-axis might represent a calm sea or a tight rope.  The vibrational movements of the wave are shown on the Y-axis.  The highest points on the graph are called peaks or crests.  The lowest points are called troughs.
 
Amplitude
             Some waves are very high, while others are barely noticeable.  The distance the wave rises depends on the amplitude of the wave.  Amplitude is the maximum distance the medium (the material through which a wave travels) moves away from its rest position.  The higher the wave moves up-and-down as it vibrates, the larger the amplitude of the resulting waves.
Wavelength
              The distance between two consecutive (one after another) crests or troughs of a wave is called the wavelength.  The wavelength can be measured from any point on a wave as long as it is measured to the same point on the next wave.
 
Frequency
             The number of complete waves, or complete cycles, per unit of time is called the frequency.  Because every complete wave has one crest and one trough, you can think of the frequency as the number of crests or troughs produced per unit time.  The unit used to measure wave frequency is called the hertz (Hz).  The frequency of a wave depends on the frequency at which its source is vibrating.  Frequency, which is often used to describe waves, is an important characteristic.  Frequency is used to distinguish one color of light from another, as well as one sound from another.  For example, red light is different from blue light because red light has a lower frequency.  A dog can hear a whistle that you cannot hear because dogs can hear sounds at higher frequencies than humans can.
 
Properties of Sound
    There are millions of different sounds in everyday life.  Each sound having certain characteristics that make it unique.  Think about the many sounds you hear everyday.  How you hear and describe a sound depends on the physical characteristics of the sound wave.
Frequency and Pitch 
                Certain sounds are described as high, such as those produced by a piccolo, or low, such as those produced by a bass drum.  A description of a sound as high or low is known as the pitch of the sound.  The pitch of a sound depends on how fast the particles of a medium (the material through which a wave travels) vibrate.  So the pitch of a sound depends on the number of waves produced in a given time.
    Key point here:  Sound waves that have a high frequency are heard as sounds of high pitch.  A violin produces high-pitched sounds.  Sound waves that have a low frequency are heard as sounds of low pitch.  A tuba produces low-pitched sounds.
 
 
                Frequency is an especially important characteristic of sound because the ear can respond to only certain frequencies.  The normal human ear is capable of detecting from about 20 to 20,000 vibrations per second, or hertz.
Here is a helpful link for more information on sound waves:  http://www.ronkurtus.com/physcien/sound.htm
 
Properties of Light
    What does sunlight have in common with the X-rays used in a doctor's office?  Are you surprised to learn that they are both waves?  They're not matter waves that you can hear or feel.  They are electromagnetic waves.  Electromagnetic waves disturb electric and magnetic fields.  These waves can be transmitted through a vacuum (space free of particles).  They do not depend on particles of matter.
 
Light is an electromagnetic wave.  Light from the sun can travel to the Earth through the vacuum of space.  Light can also travel through air across your room.  Although you might not realize it, you are constantly surrounded by thousands of electromagnetic waves everyday.  Sunlight (visible light) and X-rays are only two types of electromagnetic waves.  Other types are radio waves, infrared rays, ultraviolet rays, and gamma rays.
Question:
What is the name for the lowest point of a sound wave?
Answer:
Trough (disambiguation)
Passage:
Oar
An oar is an implement used for water-borne propulsion. Oars have a flat blade at one end. Rowers grasp the oar at the other end. The difference between oars and paddles are that paddles are held by the paddler, and are not connected with the vessel. Oars generally are connected to the vessel by means of rowlocks or tholes which transmit the applied force to the boat. In this system (known as a second class lever)   the water is the fulcrum.

Rowers generally face the stern of the vessel, reach towards the stern, and insert the blade of their oar in the water. As they lean back, towards the vessel's bow, the blade of their oars sweeps the water towards the stern, providing forward thrust – see lever.

For thousands of years vessels were powered either by sails, or the mechanical work of rowers, or paddlers. Some ancient vessels were propelled by either oars or sail, depending on the speed and direction of the wind (see galley).

History

Rowing oars have been used since the early Neolithic period. Wooden oars, with canoe-shaped pottery, dating from 5000–4500 BC have been discovered in a Hemudu culture site at Yuyao, Zhejiang, in modern China.   In 1999, an oar measuring 63.4 cm (2 ft) in length, dating from 4000 BC, was unearthed at Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. 

Construction

Oars have traditionally been made of wood. The form is a long shaft (or loom) with a flat blade on the end. Where the oar connects to the boat there is a "collar" which stops the oar slipping past the rowlock. Oars usually have a handle about 150mm long, which may be a material sleeve or alternatively an ovoid shape carved to fit the hands.

Balanced oar

This is a normal, usually wooden oar to which weight has been added at the inboard end so that the blade end is noticeably lighter and easier for a rower to operate without fatigue. The two methods of adding weight are to either have a much larger section in the oar immediately next to the handle for a distance of about 450 mm or to drill an 18 mm hole inside the handle for a distance of about 150 mm and add about 12 oz of lead secured by epoxy resin glue. For a 7 ft oar the balance point is about 12 inches outboard of the rowlock. Often surplus wood is removed from the blade's width and thickness and at the neck between the blade and the shaft to further reduce outboard weight. This type of oar is much better for long-range rowing.

Oars used for transportation 

The oars used for transportation come in a variety of sizes. The oars used in small dinghies or rafts can be less than 2 metres long. In classical times warships were propelled by very long oars that might have several oarsmen per oar. These oars could be more than a dozen metres long.

Oars used for competitive rowing 

The oars used in competitive rowing are long (250–300 cm) poles with one flat end about 50 cm long and 25 cm wide, called the blade. The part of the oar the oarsman holds while rowing is called the handle. While rowing, the oars are supported by metal frames attached to the side of the boat called outriggers. Classic oars were made  of wood, but modern oars are made from synthetic material, the most common being carbon fibre.

Oars used as trophies 

The sport of competitive rowing has developed a tradition of using an oar as a memento of significant race wins. A 'trophy oar' is not presented at the end of the race as a more familiar precious metal cup might be, but rather given by the club, school or university that the winning crew or rower represented.

A trophy oar is a competition oar that has been painted in the club colours and has then had the details of the race signwritten on the face of the blade. The most common format would have the coat of arms or crest of the club or school positioned in the centre, with the crew names and the race details arranged around this.

Many older universities (Oxford and Cambridge would be prime examples, as well as Yale and Harvard) and their colleges have long histories of using the trophy oar and many examples are on display in club houses around the world.

In culture

The Norwegian municipalities of Fedje and Herøy have oars in their coat-of-arms.

Oars have been used to describe various animals with characteristics that closely resemble the said rowing implement. The members of the Family Regalecidae, elongated deep-sea fishes, are called oarfish because their body shape is similar to that of an oar. The hawksbill turtle's genus of Eretmochelys is derived from the Greek root eretmo, which roughly translates to oar. The turtle was so-named because of the oar-like shape of its front flippers.
Question:
How many banks of oars did an ancient 'Quinquereme' have?
Answer:
five
Passage:
Maghreb cuisine
The Maghreb, the northernmost part of Africa along the Mediterranean Sea  is composed of the countries of Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia. The region has a high degree of geographic, political, social, economic and cultural diversity which influences the region's cuisine and the culinary style.

Common foods and dishes

In North African cuisine, the most common staple foods are wheat, fish, seafood, goat,  lamb, beef, dates, almonds, olives and various vegetables and fruits. Because the region is predominantly Muslim, halal meats are usually eaten. Most dishes are spiced,  especially with cumin,  ginger, paprika, cinnamon and saffron. Fresh peppermint, parsley, or coriander are also very common. Spice mixtures such as ras el hanout, baharat, and chili pastes like harissa (especially in Tunisia) are frequently used. The use of Legumes, nuts, fruits and spices is very prominent.

The best-known North African dish abroad is surely Couscous, made from wheat. The Tajine, a cooking vessel made of clay of Berber origin, is also a common denominator in this region, although what each nation defines as the resulting dish from being cooked in a tajine as well as the associated preparation methods, may be drastically different. For example, a "tajine" in Tunisia is a baked frittata/quiche-like dish, whereas in Morocco it is dish is a slow-cooked stew. The dishes made in the tajine are dishes like the Marqa or albundigas. Pastilla is also an important Arab-Andalusian dish of North-Africa.

Maghreb cuisine

The cuisine of the Maghreb, the western region of North Africa that includes the five countries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, and Mauritania, is a mix of Mediterranean, Arab, Andalusian, Phoenician and Berber dishes. The eastern part of North Africa (Libya and Egypt) is heavily influenced by Arab and Ottoman Empire, sharing characteristics and similar dishes with much of Ottoman. They are also heavily influenced by many Middle-Eastern dishes like the Falafel. The cuisines of Algeria and Tunisia  deriving more influence from French and Italian cuisine respectively and with roots for Tunisia, While Moroccan cuisine is influenced by the Arab and Andalusian cuisine. The Moroccan cuisine itself have roots dating back to the heyday of the kingdom of Numidia modern-day Algeria and kingdom of Mauretania modern-day Morocco.

Cuisine similarities

Most of the North African countries have several similar dishes, sometimes almost the same dish with a different name (the Tunisian coucha and the Moroccan tangia are both essentially the same dish: a meat stew prepared in an urn and cooked overnight in a public oven), sometimes with a slight change in ingredients and cooking style. Additionally, two entirely different dishes may share the same name. There are noticeable differences between the cooking styles of different regions – there are spicy dishes and sophisticated pastries typical of Tunisian cuisine, full-bodied dishes prepared in Moroccan palace cookery, and simpler dishes prepared in various regions and countries.

By country

For more specific styles, refer to the articles on each national or regional cuisine:

*  Tunisian cuisine
*  Algerian cuisine
*  Libyan cuisine
*  Moroccan cuisine
*  Mauritanian cuisine
*  Western Saharan cuisine
Question:
Which North African dish consists of crushed semolina, which can be steamed and served with vegetables, chicken or fish?
Answer:
Berkoukes
Passage:
Philogyny
Philogyny is fondness, love, or admiration towards women.   Its antonym is misogyny.

Cicero reports the word could be used in Greek philosophy to denote being overly fond of women, which was considered a disease along with misogyny. 

Christian Groes-Green has argued that the conceptual content of philogyny must be developed as an alternative to the concept of misogyny. Criticizing R.W. Connell's theory of hegemonic masculinities he shows how philogynous masculinities play out among youth in Maputo, Mozambique. 

Etymology 

Philogyny comes from philo- (loving) and Greek gynē (woman). The parallel Greek-based terms with respect to men (males) are philandry for "fondness towards men" and misandry for "hatred of men". Parallel terms for humanity generally are philanthropy and misanthropy.
Question:
What does a philogynist like?
Answer:
Woman in 1911 Brittanica
Passage:
Royal Navy Submarine Museum
The Royal Navy Submarine Museum at Gosport is a museum tracing the international history of submarine development from the age of Alexander the Great to the present day, and particularly the history of the Submarine Service from the tiny Holland 1 to the nuclear-powered Vanguard class submarine. It is sited here due to HMS Dolphin shore-establishment.

History

The museum's collection began life as the Submarine Branch Collection and opened in 1963, housed above St Ambrose Church in HMS Dolphin. It was difficult for the public to gain access due to security considerations and the fact that people were not aware the museum even existed. The museum was officially recognised by the Ministry of Defence in 1967, along with the Fleet Air Arm Museum and the Royal Marines Museum.  The first full-time curator was appointed for the museum the following year. 
The museum was officially registered as a charity in 1970, and has seen many changes since then.  In 1978 the museum was moved outside HMS Dolphin’s confines, allowing full public access.  It was at this time that the Royal Navy’s Training and Static Display submarine, HMS/m Alliance was donated to the museum. £410,000 was raised to pay for the submarine to be lifted out of the water and put in place at the museum.

The complex that we now recognise as the Royal Navy Submarine Museum opened in August 1981 with HMS/m Alliance as the principal exhibit.  Over the years since, more submarines and submarine memorabilia have been added to the collection.
In 1983 the museum gained a new display building and members of the public were allowed into . In 2001 the museum opened a climate controlled building that houses .
Visitors to the museum today can take a tour of HMS/m Alliance with a submariner guide, explore the interactive science gallery, step on board the Royal Navy’s first submarine Holland I (built in 1901), wander around the museum exhibits or just stop for coffee and cake at the Harbour Stations Coffee Shop.

Submarines and other submersibles

These submarines may be viewed on site
*, a full-sized hunter-killer post-war submarine now raised out of the water on stilts
* – the Royal Navy's first submarine
*X24 – the only X-craft to see service in World War II and survive.
*Biber (No.105) – German World War II midget submarine. It was restored to working condition by apprentices from Fleet Support Limited in 2003 under the guidance of Ian Clark. The restoration featured on Channel 4’s salvage squad.
*LR3 – a deep-sea survey and rescue submersible.
*Maiale – An Italian human torpedo
*JIM suit – atmospheric diving suit
*Cutlet – an early ROV
*Turtle – a replica of the first submarine ever used in combat 

Historic and Modern Galleries

Entitled From Pirate to Peacekeeper, these include:

*A huge collection of submarines and torpedoes
*the periscopes of HMS Conqueror of Falklands War fame through which one can see Portsmouth Harbour
*Remembrance Corner which commemorates those who devoted their lives to the Submarine Service
*Submariners' medals, including the Victoria Cross of Edward Courtney Boyle
*Children's activities
**Control Room trainer - Submarine command simulation

Other nearby historic naval exhibits

*Portsmouth Historic Dockyard with its historic ships and the National Museum of the Royal Navy Portsmouth
*Explosion! Museum of Naval Firepower
Question:
The Royal Navy Submarine Museum is in which port?
Answer:
Geography of Gosport
Passage:
Sabina Park
Sabina Park is a Cricket ground and the home of the Kingston Cricket Club, and is the only Test cricket ground in Kingston, Jamaica.

History

Sabina Park became a Test cricket ground in 1930 when it hosted the visiting MCC team for the second Test in the West Indies' first home series. This picturesque ground is perhaps one of the most significant in Test cricket history recording the first triple century in the game with England's Andy Sandham's 325 versus the West Indies in the 1930 game. The 365 not out by Sir Garfield Sobers which stood as a Test record for over 36 years is more regaled, as was Lawrence Rowe's world record on debut 214 and 100 not out against the visiting New Zealand in 1972. 

The George Headley stand which dominates the south end is currently the only stand in the ground named after anyone, and has a capacity of just over 6,000. The Eastern Stands has given way to a "Party Stand" replacing the popular "Mound" stand. The general capacity of Jamaicans for excess is aptly demonstrated in the construction of the huge five-level concrete stand which hosts the outside broadcast facilities, players facilities as well as a fleet of upscale private boxes.
The members pavilion lies square of the wicket on the west side.

The Blue Mountains form a backdrop to the north, facing the George Headley Stand, with Kingston Harbour to the south. This view is currently blocked by the Northern Stand, built as part of the ground's redevelopment for the 2007 Cricket World Cup. 

In terms of size, Sabina Park is still relatively small. It can fit a 400 metre running track comfortably on its perimeter, but little else, and with its refurbishing, the capacity has increased to 20,000. With the commissioning of floodlights in August 2014, Sabina Park became the last of the international grounds in the Caribbean to have this facility. The ground is now capable of hosting day/night matches and this is especially useful for the Caribbean Premier League where the Jamaica Tallawahs play their home games. 

Sabina Park was the venue for the abandoned test in 1998 involving the touring England team. The test was abandoned after less than an hour's play due to the pitch being deemed unfit for play.
Prior to Independence Park opening in 1962, it would also host the Jamaica national football team.
Question:
In which city is Sabina Park cricket ground?
Answer:
KINGSTON
