Passage:
Different Triangle Types - based on sides length, size ...
Different Triangle Types - based on sides length, size, isosceles, scalene, equilateral
Triangle Types based on Sides
Types of Triangle
a) Equilateral Triangle :
- Equilateral triangle is a triangle that has equal length on all three sides - All Equilateral triangle are equiangular triangles. - So, Equilateral triangle has three congruent sides and three congruent angles. - As shown in the picture. (x=y=z & a = b = g). Image or Diagram
b) Isosceles Triangle :
- Isosceles triangle is a triangle with two equal length sides - Isosceles triangle also has two equal angles (two congruent angles and sides). - As shown in the picture. - Misspelled as isoseles, isoceles, isaceles. Image or Diagram
c) Scalene Triangle :
- Scalene triangle is a triangle with all no equal side - Scalene no equal angles too. - As shown in the picture.Image or Diagram
Related Topics:
Question:
What is the name of a triangle in which all the sides are of different lengths?
Answer:
Scalene (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Owl and the Pussycat
"The Owl and the Pussycat" is a nonsense poem by Edward Lear, first published during 1871 as part of his book Nonsense Songs, Stories, Botany, and Alphabets.

Lear wrote the poem for a three-year-old girl, Janet Symonds, the daughter of Lear's friend poet John Addington Symonds and his wife Catherine Symonds. The term "runcible", used for the phrase "runcible spoon", was invented for the poem.

Synopsis 

"The Owl and the Pussycat" features four anthropomorphic animals – an owl, a cat, a pig, and a turkey – and tells the story of the love between the title characters who marry in the land "where the Bong-tree grows".

The Owl and the Pussycat set out to sea in a pea green boat with honey and "plenty of money" wrapped in a five-pound note. The Owl serenades the Pussycat while gazing at the stars and strumming on a small guitar. He describes her as beautiful. The Pussycat responds by describing the Owl as an "elegant fowl" and compliments him on his singing. She urges they marry but they don't have a ring. They sail away for a year and a day to a land where Bong trees grow and discover a pig with a ring in his nose in a wood. They buy the ring for a shilling and are married the next day by a turkey. They dine on mince and quince using a "runcible spoon", then dance hand-in-hand on the sand in the moonlight.

Portions of an unfinished sequel, "The Children of the Owl and the Pussycat" were published first posthumously, during 1938.  How the pair procreated is unspecified but the children are part fowl and part cat.  All love to eat mice.  The family live round places with weird names where their mother the cat died falling from a tall tree.  The death caused their father, the owl, great sadness.  The money is all spent but father still sings to the original guitar. 

Other media 

* Beatrix Potter wrote a prequel, The Tale of Little Pig Robinson, telling the background story of the pig character.
* The story has been set to music and animated many times, including by Igor Stravinsky in 1966 using twelve-tone technique (a recording was made under the composer's supervision for Columbia Records), John Rutter, Victor Hely-Hutchinson, Burl Ives, Humphrey Searle in 1951, using twelve-tone technique for the accompanying flute, guitar, and cello, but sprechgesang for the vocal part,  and Laurie Anderson.
* Elton Hayes made a recording of the Hely-Hutchinson setting for Parlophone  during 1953. It became a regular item on Children's Favourites and was one of six Edward Lear recordings he made.
* The 1965 film Fun in Balloon Land contains references to the poem, and refers to the Turkey as "The Marrying Turkey".
* It was the main topic of a 1968 children's musical play about Lear's nonsense poems, entitled The Owl and the Pussycat went to See....  The play was written by Sheila Ruskin and David Wood. 
* The title was borrowed for an unrelated stage play and subsequent 1970 movie featuring Barbra Streisand and George Segal.
* During 1971, a cartoon based on the poem was made by Weston Woods.
* In the 1968 Disney animated feature Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day, later a part of 1977's The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, the character Owl mentions a relative of his who supposedly "went to sea in a pea-green boat" with a Pussycat.
* The two main characters were the inspiration for X the Owl and Henrietta Pussycat in the "Neighborhood of Make-Believe" from Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
* Laurie Anderson composed and recorded a version titled Beautiful Pea Green Boat that appeared on her 1994 album Bright Red.
* Eric Idle, a former member of Monty Python, wrote a children's book entitled The Quite Remarkable Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat which was based on the poem. It is an extended story about when the Owl and the Pussycat were attacked by a band of ruthless rats who were trying to steal pies. It was illustrated by Wesla Weller and was first published during 1996 with an audio version which included some songs by Idle himself.
* Between 2001 and 2003, Stewart Lee wrote and performed a show titled Pea Green Boat. The show included an extended version of the story of "The Owl and the Pussycat" including the original poem. A 21-minute version of the show has been made available commercially.
* In 2004 the Folk Duo Sandwich (Buddy Freebury and Andrea Hallier) recorded a musical version of the poem to a tune written by band member Andrea Hallier (now Andrea Freebury) It was included on their third album Crystal Ball.
* Sananda Maitreya's sixth album, Angels & Vampires – Volume II, has a track entitled "The Owl and the Pussycat."
* A deleted scene intended for the Family Guy episode "Quagmire's Baby" involves Glenn Quagmire reading the book to his daughter, but then getting aroused by the sexual nature of the story.
*In 2013, Julia Donaldson and Charlotte Voake published a sequel to Lear's poem, entitled The Further Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat.
Question:
Who conducted the wedding in the poem ‘The Owl and the Pussycat’ by Edward Lear?
Answer:
The Turkey
Passage:
Politician
A politician (from Classical Greek πόλις, "polis") is a person active in party politics, or a person holding or seeking office in government.  In democratic countries, politicians seek elective positions within a government through elections or, at times, temporary appointment to replace politicians who have died, resigned or have been otherwise removed from office.  In non-democratic countries, they employ other means of reaching power through appointment, bribery, revolutions and intrigues.  Some politicians are experienced in the art or science of government.  Politicians propose, support and create laws or policies that govern the land and, by extension, its people.  Broadly speaking, a "politician" can be anyone who seeks to achieve political power in any bureaucratic institution.

Identity 

Politicians are people who are politically active, especially in party politics.  Positions range from local offices to executive, legislative, and judicial offices of regional and national governments.   Some elected law enforcement officers, such as sheriffs, are considered politicians.  

Media and rhetoric

Politicians are known for their rhetoric, as in speeches or campaign advertisements. They are especially known for using common themes that allow them to develop their political positions in terms familiar to the voters.  Politicians of necessity become expert users of the media.   Politicians in the 19th century made heavy use of newspapers, magazines, and pamphlets, as well as posters.  In the 20th century, they branched into radio and television, making television commercials the single most expensive part of an election campaign.   In the 21st century, they have become increasingly involved with the social media based on the Internet and smart phones. 

Rumor  has always played a major role in politics, with negative rumors about an opponent typically more effective than positive rumors about one's own side. 

Bureaucracy and spoils

Once elected, the politician becomes a government official and has to deal with a permanent bureaucracy of non-politicians. Historically, there has been a subtle conflict between the long-term goals of each side.  In patronage-based systems, such as the United States and Canada in the 19th century, winning politicians replace the bureaucracy with local politicians who formed their base of support, the "spoils system".  Civil service reform was initiated to eliminate the corruption of government services that were involved.   However, in many less developed countries, the spoils system is in full-scale operation today. 

Careers

Mattozzi and Merlo argue that there are two main career paths which are typically followed by politicians in modern democracies. First come the career politicians. They are politicians who work in the political sector until retirement. Second are the "political careerists". These are politicians who gain reputation for expertise in controlling certain bureaucracies, then leave politics for a well-paid career in the private sector making use of their political contacts. 

Characteristics

Numerous scholars have studied the characteristics of politicians, comparing those at the local and national levels, and comparing the more liberal or the more conservative ones, and comparing the more successful and less successful in terms of elections.   In recent years, special attention has focused on the distinctive career path of women politicians.  For example, there are studies of the "Supermadre" model in Latin American politics. 

Many politicians have the knack to remember thousands of names and faces and recall personal anecdotes about their constituents—it is an advantage in the job, rather like being seven-foot tall for a basketball player. Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton were renowned for their memories.  

Other studies show that politicians have simple brains, lacking the complex personalities that other people display. 

Criticism

Many critics attack politicians for being out of touch with the public. Areas of friction include the manner in which politicians speak, which has been described as being overly formal and filled with many euphemistic and metaphorical expressions and commonly perceived as an attempt to "obscure, mislead, and confuse". 

In the popular image, many politicians are corrupt, taking money in exchange for goods or services, rather than working for the general public  good. 

Many ex-politicians who could not bear the leadership in politics that causes reprisals for critical thought criticize those who remain politicians for lacking critical thought.
Question:
The memoirs of which US politican are called Decision Points?
Answer:
George Walker Bush
Passage:
Carac (pastry)
Carac is a tart-like Swiss dessert pastry traditionally made of ingredients such as chocolate, cream, fondant, and shortbread pie crust, usually found in the French part of Switzerland.

It consists of a pie crust filled with a light ganache of blended cream and chocolate that is covered with green colored icing or fondant. Size varies from around 8 cm in diameter for single person tartlets to 25 cm for a larger version of the carac more suited for large gatherings, served in slices, much like cake or pie.
Question:
The Swiss pastry Carac is traditionally covered with which colour icing?
Answer:
Greenishly
Passage:
Pietà
The Pietà is a subject in Christian art depicting the Virgin Mary cradling the dead body of Jesus, most often found in sculpture. As such, it is a particular form of the Lamentation of Christ, a scene from the Passion of Christ found in cycles of the Life of Christ. When Christ and the Virgin are surrounded by other figures from the New Testament, the subject is strictly called a Lamentation in English, although Pietà is often used for this as well, and is the normal term in Italian.

Context and development

Pietà is one of the three common artistic representations of a sorrowful Virgin Mary, the other two being Mater Dolorosa (Mother of Sorrows) and Stabat Mater (here stands the mother).   The other two representations are most commonly found in paintings, rather than sculpture, although combined forms exist. 

The Pietà developed in Germany (where it is called the "Vesperbild") about 1300, reached Italy about 1400, and was especially popular in Central European Andachtsbilder.  Many German and Polish 15th-century examples in wood greatly emphasise Christ's wounds. The Deposition of Christ and the Lamentation or Pietà form the 13th of the Stations of the Cross, as well as one of the Seven Sorrows of the Virgin.

Although the Pietà most often shows the Virgin Mary holding Jesus, there are other compositions, including those where God the Father participates in holding Jesus (see gallery below). In Spain the Virgin often holds up one or both hands, sometimes with Christ's body slumped to the floor. 

Michelangelo 

A famous example by Michelangelo is located in St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City. The body of Christ is different from most earlier pietà statues, which were usually smaller and in wood. The Virgin is also unusually youthful, and in repose, rather than the older, sorrowing Mary of most pietàs. She is shown as youthful for two reasons; God is the source of all beauty and she is one of the closest to God, also the exterior is thought as the revelation of the interior (the virgin is morally beautiful). The Pietà with the Virgin Mary is also unique among Michelangelo's sculptures, because it was the only one he ever signed, upon hearing that visitors thought it had been sculpted by Cristoforo Solari, a competitor.  Michelangelo's signature is carved into the sash the Virgin wears on her breast.

Michelangelo's last work was another Pietà, this one featuring not the Virgin Mary holding Christ, but rather Joseph of Arimathea, probably carved as a self-portrait. A generation later, the Spanish painter Luis de Morales painted a number of highly emotional Pietàs, with examples in the Louvre and Museo del Prado.

Gallery

Statues

File:Křivákova Pieta, 1390-1400.jpg|Bohemian Pietà, 1390-1400
File:Museo diocesano di klagenfurt, pietà, 1420 circa, da st. michael am zollfeld.JPG|Austrian Pietà, c. 1420
File:Köln st severin pieta.jpg|15th-century German wood Pietà from Cologne
File:Vesperbild Schwaben um 1500.jpg|Swabian painted wood Pietà of c. 1500
File:Michelangelo Pieta Firenze.jpg|Pietà by Michelangelo, Museo dell'Opera del Duomo, Florence
File:Lebpieta.JPG|Pieta near the base of the Our Lady of Lebanon statue, Harissa
File:Piedad Salamanca.jpg|"Pietà" by Luis Salvador Carmona (1760), New Cathedral, Salamanca (Spain), here in a procession
File:Gregorio Fernandez-Piedad.jpg|"Pietà" by Gregorio Fernández, National Sculpture Museum, Valladolid (Spain)
File:Andechs Kloster interior 027.JPG|18th-century Bavarian example with Rococo setting
File:Piethe.JPG| Pietà in front of Saint Joseph's Catholic Church Meenkunnam, Kerala, India
File:Abbaye_Saint-Arnould_(pieta).JPG|Polychromatic Pietà from the 16th century in the Saint-Arnulf Abbey in Metz, France
File:2279-NYC-St Patricks Cathedral.JPG|The Pietà of St. Patrick's Cathedral
File:La pietà in gesso esposto nel Museo Tripisciano di Palazzo Moncada a Caltanissetta 12.JPG|The Pietà: plaster of Michele Tripisciano in Caltanissetta (1913)

Paintings

File:Lamentation icon Nerezi MK.jpg|Pietà in frescoes found in the Church of St. Panteleimon, Gorno Nerezi, 1164
File:Jean Malouel - Large Round Pietà - WGA13901.jpg|Pietà with God Father, Jean Malouel, Louvre, 1400-1410
File:Kraków Pietà of Tubądzin.jpg|Kraków, c. 1450
File:Meister der Pietà von Avignon 004.jpg|The Avignon Pietà, Enguerrand Charonton, 15th century
File:Angers Book of Hours (folio 13r).jpg|The prayer Obsecro te (1470s), from the Book of Hours of AngersBodleian Library, University of Oxford
File:Van-der-Weyden-Pieta.jpg|Pietà by Rogier van der Weyden, Museo del Prado, Madrid, with Saint John and a donor
File:Pietro Perugino cat19.jpg|Pietro Perugino, Uffizi
File:Deposition of Christ C2RMF.jpg|Deposition of Christ, Bronzino, 1540-1545, Musée de Besançon
File:Luis de Morales - Pietà.jpg|Luis de Morales, 16th century
File:El Greco Pietà.jpg|El Greco, Pietà, 1571-1576, Philadelphia Museum of Art
File:William-Adolphe_Bouguereau_(1825-1905)_-_Pieta_(1876).jpg|William-Adolphe Bouguereau, Pietà, 1876, Dallas Museum of Fine Arts
Question:
Who sculpted the Pieta in the north aisle of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City?
Answer:
Buonaroti Michelangelo
Passage:
Helen Hunt
Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress, film director, and screenwriter. She starred in the sitcom Mad About You for seven years, and played single mother Carol Connelly in the 1997 romantic comedy film As Good as It Gets, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Some of her other notable films include Twister (1996), Cast Away (2000), What Women Want (2000), Pay It Forward (2000), and The Sessions (2012), the latter garnered her a second Academy Award nomination. She made her directorial debut in 2007 with Then She Found Me (2007). Hunt has also won four Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.

Early life 

Hunt was born in Culver City, California. Her mother, Jane Elizabeth (née Novis), worked as a photographer, and her father, Gordon Hunt, is a film, voice and stage director and acting coach.  Her uncle, Peter H. Hunt, is also a director. Her maternal grandmother, Dorothy (Anderson) Fries, was a voice coach.  Hunt's paternal grandmother was from a German Jewish family, while Hunt's other grandparents were of English descent (her maternal grandfather was born in England), with a Methodist religious background.     When she was three, Hunt's family moved to New York City, where her father directed theatre and Hunt attended plays as a child several times a week.Stated on Inside the Actors Studio, 2001 Hunt studied ballet, and briefly attended UCLA.[http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/contributor/1800020347/bio Helen Hunt Biography – Yahoo! Movies] 

Career 

Hunt began working as a child actress in the 1970s. Her early roles included an appearance as Murray Slaughter's daughter on The Mary Tyler Moore Show, alongside Lindsay Wagner in an episode of The Bionic Woman, an appearance in an episode of Ark II called Omega, and a regular role in the television series The Swiss Family Robinson. She appeared as a marijuana-smoking classmate on an episode of The Facts of Life. Hunt also played a young woman who, while on PCP, jumps out of a second-story window, in a 1982 TV movie called Desperate Lives (a scene which she mocked during a Saturday Night Live monologue in 1994).  That same year, Hunt was cast on the ABC sitcom It Takes Two, which lasted a single season. In the mid-1980s, she had a recurring role on St. Elsewhere as Clancy Williams, the girlfriend of Dr. Jack "Boomer" Morrison. She played Jennie in the television movie Bill: On His Own, co-starring Mickey Rooney. She also starred in the 1985 film Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, with Sarah Jessica Parker and Shannen Doherty. In 1986 she played Kathleen Turner's daughter in Peggy Sue Got Married.

In the 1990s, after playing the lead female role in the short-lived My Life and Times, Hunt starred in the series Mad About You, winning Emmy Awards for her performances in 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999. For the last year of the show she and Paul Reiser became the first actors ever to be paid $1,000,000 per episode. Hunt directed several episodes of Mad About You, including the series finale. Her big-screen directorial debut came with the film Then She Found Me, in which she also starred, with Colin Firth and Matthew Broderick. In 1998, Hunt won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the movie As Good as It Gets of a waitress and single mother who finds herself falling in love with an obsessive-compulsive romance novelist played by Jack Nicholson. After winning the Academy Award, she took time off from movie work to play Viola in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, at Lincoln Center in New York.  In 2000, Hunt starred in four films: Dr. T & the Women, with Richard Gere; Pay It Forward, with Kevin Spacey and Haley Joel Osment; What Women Want, with Mel Gibson; and Cast Away, with Tom Hanks. In 2003, she returned to Broadway in Yasmina Reza's Life x 3. In 2006, Hunt appeared in the ensemble cast film Bobby alongside Demi Moore, Anthony Hopkins, Sharon Stone and William H. Macy. In 2011, in the movie Soul Surfer, she played the mother of the Hawaiian-born champion surfer Bethany Hamilton, on whose life the movie was based.

In 2012, she starred alongside John Hawkes and William H. Macy in The Sessions as sex surrogate Cheryl Cohen-Greene. The movie and her performance were very well reviewed and earned her several award nominations, including an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress.

She owns a production company with Connie Tavel, Hunt/Tavel Productions under Sony Pictures Entertainment.

Personal life 

Hunt started dating actor Hank Azaria in 1994 and they married in 1999, only to divorce 17 months later. She has been partnered with producer/writer/director Matthew Carnahan since 2001. They have a daughter, Makena Lei Gordon Carnahan, born on May 13, 2004. 

Filmography

Awards and nominations 

Hunt has been recognized extensively in her career. In 1998 she won a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award and an Emmy Award. Hunt was nominated for an Emmy Award for lead actress in a comedy seven years in a row, from 1993 through 1999, winning in the last four years.
Question:
"What was the title of a 1996 American disaster film starring Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton as ""storm chasers""?"
Answer:
Twister (disambiguation)
Passage:
Buster (dog)
Buster was a dog belonging to Roy Hattersley, a British politician and former Deputy Leader of the Labour Party.

Buster was a mongrel, as his father was a German Shepherd, and his mother a Staffordshire Bull Terrier. He was a former rescue dog adopted by Hattersley from Brent Animal Shelter, in 1995.

In 1996, Buster attacked and killed a goose in St. James's Park, London. On 6 April, Hattersley was stopped and questioned by the police while returning home after walking Buster in the park. Buster was suspected of killing the goose, while not under Hattersley's control, and a quick check revealed blood around his muzzle. As the goose was located in a Royal Park, it was the property of The Queen. The Royal connection, coupled with Hattersley's prominent public position, led to national media coverage of the incident. He was charged with contravening Regulation 3(5)(b) of the Royal and Other Parks and Gardens Regulations 1977. On 20 November 1996, Hattersley pleaded guilty by letter, and was fined £25 for letting Buster off the lead (although he claimed that Buster had pulled the lead out of his hand), and £50 for letting him kill the goose.

The incident has been referred to in the media many times, both by Hattersley himself and by others, including his political opponents. Hattersley wrote a piece in The Guardian, sympathising with The Princess Royal after one of her dogs had allegedly attacked a woman in Windsor, and Jeremy Paxman mentioned the incident in a piece in The Times which he wrote in response to comments Hattersley had made about the BBC.

In 1998, Hattersley published Buster's Diaries (as told to Roy Hattersley) which were purportedly the dog's own thoughts on his life and relationship with his owner, and in which Buster was characterised as having acted in self-defense.

Buster has also appeared on television numerous times, which includes a 2001 profiling on Star Pets.

Buster died in October 2009. Following his death, Private Eyes E. J. Thribb wrote a memorial poem for Buster.
Question:
Which politician wrote the diaries of his dog 'Buster'?
Answer:
Roy Sydney George Hattersley, Baron Hattersley
Passage:
Elisha Otis
Elisha Graves Otis (August 3, 1811 – April 8, 1861) was an American industrialist, founder of the Otis Elevator Company, and inventor of a safety device that prevents elevators from falling if the hoisting cable fails.   He worked on this device while living in Yonkers, New York in 1852, and had a finished product in 1854.

Biography

Otis was born in Halifax, Vermont to Stephen Otis and Phoebe Glynn. He moved away from home at the age of 20, eventually settling in Troy, New York, where he lived for five years employed as a wagon driver. In 1834, he married Susan A. Houghton. They would have two children, Charles and Norton. Later that year, Otis suffered a terrible case of pneumonia which nearly killed him, but he earned enough money to move his wife and three-year-old son to the Vermont Hills on the Green River. He designed and built his own gristmill, but did not earn enough money from it, so he converted it into a sawmill, yet still did not attract customers. Now having a second son, he started building wagons and carriages, at which he was fairly skilled. His wife later died, leaving Otis with two sons, one at that time being age 8 and the other still in diapers.

At 34 years old and hoping for a fresh start, he married and moved to Albany, New York. He worked as a doll maker for Otis Tingely. Skilled as a craftsman and tired of working all day to make only twelve toys, he invented and patented a robot turner. It could produce bedsteads four times as fast as could be done manually (about fifty a day). His boss gave him a $500 bonus. Otis then moved into his own business. At his leased building, he started designing a safety brake that could stop trains instantly and an automatic bread baking oven. He was put out of business when the stream he was using for a power supply was diverted by the city of Albany to be used for its fresh water supply.
In 1851,  having no more use for Albany, he first moved to Bergen City, New Jersey to work as a mechanic, then to Yonkers, New York, as a manager of an abandoned sawmill which he was supposed to convert into a bedstead factory.

At the age of 40, while he was cleaning up the factory, he wondered how he could get all the old debris up to the upper levels of the factory. He had heard of hoisting platforms, but they often broke, and he didn't want to take risks. He and his sons, who were also tinkerers, designed their own "safety elevator" and tested it successfully. He thought so little of it he neither patented it nor requested a bonus from his superiors for it, nor did he try to sell it. After having made several sales, and after the bedstead factory declined, Otis took the opportunity to make an elevator company out of it, initially called Union Elevator Works and later Otis Brothers & Co..
No orders came to him over the next several months, but soon after, the 1854 New York World's Fair offered a great chance at publicity.  At the New York Crystal Palace, Elisha Otis amazed a crowd when he ordered the only rope holding the platform on which he was standing cut. The rope was severed by an axeman, and the platform fell only a few inches before coming to a halt. After the World's Fair, Otis received continuous orders, doubling each year. He developed different types of engines, like a three-way steam valve engine, which could transition the elevator between up to down and stop it rapidly.

In his spare time, he designed and experimented with his old designs of  bread-baking ovens and train brakes, and patented a steam plow in 1857, a rotary oven in 1858, and, with Charles, the oscillating steam engine in 1860. Otis contracted diphtheria and died on April 8, 1861 at age 49.
Question:
When Elisha Graves Otis invented it, he called it the safety hoist. What do we call it now?
Answer:
Elevator (album)
Passage:
Wensleydale
Wensleydale is the dale or upper valley of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines, one of the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire, England.

Wensleydale is one of only a few Yorkshire Dales not currently named after its principal river, but the older name, Yoredale, can still be seen on some maps and as the Yoredale Series of geological strata. The dale takes its name from the village of Wensley, once the market town for the dale.  Wensley derives from Woden's ley, or meadow of the pagan god Woden.  

The valley is famous for its cheese, with the main commercial production at Hawes.  Most of the dale is within the Yorkshire Dales National Park.  Part of lower Wensleydale, below East Witton, is within the Nidderdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.

History

Wensleydale was the home of one of Yorkshire's most famous clans, the Metcalfes, after they emigrated from Dentdale. The Metcalfe Society hold records dating back to Metcalfes living in the area during the 14th century. They were one of the most prominent families in Yorkshire for over five centuries.  Sir James Metcalfe (1389–1472), who was born and lived in Wensleydale, was a captain in the army which fought with King Henry V in the battle of Agincourt in 1415.   Metcalfe is still one of the most common surnames in Yorkshire. 

Bolton Castle in the village of Castle Bolton is a notable local historic site. Mary, Queen of Scots, was imprisoned here.  The story goes that she escaped and made her way towards Leyburn only to lose her 'shawl' on the way, hence the name ('The Shawl') of the cliff edge that runs westward out of Leyburn and is a well-known spot for easy walks with excellent views.

Geography

Wensleydale's principal settlements are Hawes and Leyburn; Aysgarth, Bainbridge, and Middleham are well-known villages. The shortest river in England,  the River Bain, links Semerwater to the River Ure, at Bainbridge, the home to an Ancient Roman fort (part of the Roman road is walkable, up Wether Fell). Hardraw Force, the highest above-ground unbroken waterfall in England,  is located at Hardraw, near Hawes. Aysgarth Falls (High, Middle, Low) are famous for their beauty (rather than their height), attracting far-off visitors; they were also featured in the film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. Other notable waterfalls are at West Burton, and Whitfield Gill Force, near Askrigg.

Wensleydale stretches some 25 mi from west to east.  It lies between Wharfedale (to the south), and the quieter Swaledale (to the north, via Buttertubs Pass). Several lesser-known dales are branches of Wensleydale:  on the north side Cotterdale, Fossdale and Apedale and on the south side, from west to east, Widdale, Sleddale, Raydale, Bishopdale, Waldendale and Coverdale.

Below Wensleydale, the River Ure flows east and south, becomes navigable, changes its name to the River Ouse, passes through York, becomes the Humber estuary, flows under the Humber Bridge past Hull, Immingham, and  Grimsby, and meets the North Sea off Spurn Head. On the way it collects the waters of the River Swale, River Nidd, River Wharfe, River Aire, River Derwent and River Trent.

Tourism

Wensleydale is a very popular destination in its own right, enhanced by its central location between two other well-known tourist dales: Wharfedale and the quieter Swaledale.

Wensleydale is a common destination for visitors who like walking on mountains, moorland, dale-sides, and valley bottoms. Hawes and Leyburn are popular because of their age, location and facilities (pubs, shops, teashops, and hotels). Hawes is the home of a rope-makers (Outhwaites), where visitors can see the manufacturing process.

The Wensleydale Railway operates in Wensleydale. It currently runs between Leeming Bar, the A1 and Redmire, near Castle Bolton. The railway's long-term plan is eventually to run the whole length of the valley and connect again with the National Rail network at both ends: at Garsdale on the Settle-Carlisle Railway in the west and Northallerton on the East Coast Main Line in the east. It is hoped this may help relieve some of the current traffic congestion that the valley suffers from during the busiest months.

Some visitors come to Wensleydale  due to its connection with Richard III, who was brought up in Middleham Castle,  of which sufficient ruins remain to be well worth a visit.  Middleham itself is a pleasant village with pubs and horse-racing connections (several stables). In the market place stands a stone carving, believed to be a boar's head, signifying where the animal market was during the 15th century as well as representing Richard's personal standard, the white boar.

Each August, visitors and local people gather at the edge of Leyburn for the Wensleydale Agricultural Show, which takes place in August. The 2013 event took place on Saturday 24 August.
Question:
a Which river runs through Wensleydale in North Yorkshire?
Answer:
Ure
Passage:
Skill
A skill is learning to carry out a task with pre-determined results often within a given amount of time, energy, or both.  Skills can often be divided into domain      general and domain-specific skills. For example, in the domain of work, some general skills would include time management, teamwork and leadership, self-motivation and others, whereas domain-specific skills would be useful only for a certain job. Skill usually requires certain environmental stimuli and situations to assess the level of skill being shown and used.

People need a broad range of skills in order to contribute to a modern economy. A joint ASTD and U.S. Department of Labor study showed that through technology, the workplace is changing, and identified 16 basic skills that employees must have to be able to change with it. 

Labor skills

Skilled workers have long had historical import (see Division of labor) as electricians, masons, carpenters, blacksmiths, bakers, brewers, coopers, printers and other occupations that are economically productive. Skilled workers were often politically active through their craft guilds. 

Life skills

Life skills are problem-solving behaviors that are used appropriately and responsibly in the management of personal affairs. They are a set of human skills, acquired via learning (teaching) or direct experience, that are used to handle problems and questions commonly encountered in daily human life. The subject varies greatly depending on societal norms and community expectations.

People skills

According to the Portland Business Journal, people skills are described as:  
* understanding ourselves and moderating our responses
* talking effectively and empathizing accurately
* building relationships of trust, respect and productive interactions.

A British definition is “the ability to communicate effectively with people in a friendly way, especially in business.”  The term is not listed yet in major US dictionaries.  

The term people skills is used to include both psychological skills and social skills, but is less inclusive than life skills.

Social skills

Social skill is any skill facilitating interaction and communication with others. Social rules and relations are created, communicated, and changed in verbal and nonverbal ways. The process of learning such skills is called socialization.

Soft skills

Soft skills is a sociological term relating to a person's "EQ" (Emotional Intelligence Quotient), the cluster of personality traits, social graces, communication, language, personal habits, friendliness, and optimism that characterize relationships with other people.  Soft skills complement hard skills (part of a person's IQ), which are the occupational requirements of a job and many other activities.

Hard skills

Hard skills are any skills relating to a specific task or situation. These skills are easily quantifiable unlike soft skills which are related to one's personality. 

Mastering skills

Mastery pertains to perfecting a particular skill set.  To reach mastery, authors Malcolm Gladwell and Robert Greene claim that 10,000 hours of work will have to be put into training. 

Human Potential approach to Skills

Human Potential approach to skills regards the contribution of skills to Personal Development in a broad perspective. This approach derives primarily from the "Person Centered Approach" developed by Carl Rogers, American psychologist and among the founders of the humanistic approach (or client-centered approach) to human development. The aim of a Human Potential approach to skills development is to support the process of becoming fully functioning individuals, developing personal potential in any field (sports, arts, relations, science, and others), including emotional skills. According to Rogers this process "involves the stretching and growing of becoming more and more of one's potentialities. It involves the courage to be. It means launching oneself fully into the stream of life". (Rogers 1961).
Question:
In categorizing workplace skills, Emotional Intelligence (EQ) typically represents (What?) skill?
Answer:
Soft (disambiguation)
Passage:
Corylus maxima
Corylus maxima, the filbert, is a species of hazel native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia, from the Balkans to Ordu in Turkey.Rushforth, K. (1999). Trees of Britain and Europe. Collins ISBN 0-00-220013-9.

It is a deciduous shrub 6 - tall, with stems up to 20 cm thick. The leaves are rounded, 5–12 cm long by 4–10 cm broad, with a coarsely double-serrated margin. The flowers are wind-pollinated catkins produced in late winter; the male (pollen) catkins are pale yellow, 5–10 cm long, while the female catkins are bright red and only 1–3 mm long. The fruit is a nut produced in clusters of 1–5 together; each nut is 1.5–2.5 cm long, fully enclosed in a 3–5 cm long, tubular involucre (husk).Flora of NW Europe: [http://ip30.eti.uva.nl/BIS/flora.php?selectedbeschrijving&menuentry
soorten&id=1776 Corylus maxima]

The filbert is similar to the related common hazel, C. avellana, differing in having the nut more fully enclosed by the tubular involucre. This feature is shared by the beaked hazel C. cornuta of North America, and the Asian beaked hazel C. sieboldiana of eastern Asia.

Uses

The filbert nut is edible, and is very similar to the hazelnut (cobnut). Its main use in the United States is as large filler (along with peanuts as small filler) in most containers of mixed nuts. Filberts are sometimes grown in orchards for the nuts, but much less often than the common hazel.

The purple-leaved cultivar Corylus maxima 'Purpurea' is a popular ornamental shrub in gardens. 

Language

In Oregon, "filbert" is used for commercial hazelnuts in general. Use in this manner has faded partly due to the efforts of Oregon's hazelnut growers to brand their product to better appeal to global markets and avoid confusion. [http://www.oda.state.or.us/information/AQ/AQFall99/07.html Agriculture Quarterly - Oregon Department of Agriculture]

The etymology for 'filbert' is Norman French.  Saint Philibert's feast day is 20 August (old style) and the plant was possibly renamed after him because the nuts were mature on this day.
Question:
What is a filbert nut more commonly called, from the name of the tree bearing it?
Answer:
Hazelnut oil
Passage:
Lord Lucan flew to freedom from this private airfield ...
Lord Lucan flew to freedom from this private airfield | Daily Mail Online
After 40 years, new stunning evidence emerges that Lord Lucan flew to freedom from private airfield: The most minutely researched and brilliantly told account ever of 1974 murder - with a killer conclusion
Nanny Sandra Rivett was bludgeoned to death in a Belgravia home in 1974
Man later named as the killer was Richard John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan
There has been no sighting of Lord Lucan since November 8 that year
It was rumoured that he committed suicide following the brutal attack
But new witness suggests that he was driven to a Kent airfield and fled UK
Question:
Notorious British peer Richard John Bingham is better known by what name?
Answer:
Richard Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan
Passage:
Somebody Help Me
"Somebody Help Me" is a single by The Spencer Davis Group, which was released in 1966. It became a number-one hit in the UK Singles Chart. It remained at the UK chart summit for two weeks in April 1966. 

Like "Keep on Running", it was composed by Jackie Edwards.

The Everly Brothers also released a version on their album Two Yanks in England, released in mid 1966.
Question:
Which group had number one hits in 1966 with 'Somebody Help Me' and 'Keep On Running'?
Answer:
Spencer Davis (group)
Passage:
Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons
Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons ("Four Seasons Manor", aka Le Manoir) is a luxury hotel-restaurant in the village of Great Milton near Oxford, in Oxfordshire, England.  It is located in an historic manor house near the church that was visited by Oliver Cromwell. The hotel is part of  Orient-Express Hotels Ltd..  which in March 2014 introduced a new brand name, Belmond. At this point the hotel changed its name to Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons.

Description

The restaurant has two Michelin stars, as well as scoring 9/10 in the Good Food Guide It is capable of serving 260 guests per day   It is owned by Belmond and run by the leading French chef Raymond Blanc.  The gardens are used to grow fresh food for the restaurant. A helipad is available for clients.

The restaurant was used as filming location in the BBC 2 television programme The Restaurant, where it has been used for challenges as well as Raymond Blanc's "room of truth". 

The restaurant kitchen has trained 28 Michelin starred chefs so far, with its basic training programs for its chefs lasting approximately 2.5 years. Each chef spending 6 months on each "section" in the kitchen. Chefs that stay longer than the initial 2.5 years of training then go on to learn the management side of the business. 

Chefs trained at Le Manoir

Many notable chefs and restaurateurs were mentored by or worked for Raymond Blanc at Le Manoir, including:
*John Burton-Race 
*Heston Blumenthal 
*Michael Caines 
*Elisha Carter 
*Éric Chavot 
*William Curley 
*JJ Goodman 
*David Goodridge 
*Paul Heathcote 
*Paul Liebrandt 
*David Moore 
*Marco Pierre White 
*James Knight-Pacheco 

Reception

Restaurant critic Jay Rayner visited Le Manoir for the first time in 2013. Whilst he described it as possibly the most expensive restaurant in Britain, he praised the set up including the kitchen garden. Regarding the food, he praised a "pitch-perfect" beetroot terrine, which was served with a horseradish sorbet quenelle. He wondered at the skill involved in creating a dessert of poached meringue and fried apricots inside a globe of nougatine. He said that while he couldn't justify or excuse the expense, the meal was fabulous.
Question:
Who is currently head chef of Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons hotel and restaurant?
Answer:
RAYMOND BLANC
Passage:
Enteritis
Enteritis is inflammation of the small intestine. It is most commonly caused by food or drink contaminated with pathogenic microbes.Dugdale, David C., IIII, and George F Longretch., such as Serratia [https://www.nlm.nih.gov/MEDLINEPLUS/ency/article/001149.htm "Enteritis"]. MedlinePlus Medical Encyclopedia, 18 October 2008. Accessed 24 August 2009.  Symptoms include abdominal pain, cramping, diarrhea, dehydration, and fever. Inflammation of related organs of the gastrointestinal system are:
* gastritis
stomach
* gastroenteritis
stomach and small intestine
*colitis
large intestine
*enterocolitis
large and small intestine

Etymology and pronunciation

The word enteritis uses combining forms of entero- and -itis, both New Latin from Greek, respectively from ἑντερον (enteron, small intestine) and -ιτις (-itis, inflammation).
Question:
In humans, enteritis is the inflammation of which part of the body?
Answer:
Small bowel
Passage:
Piña colada
The piña colada (; , "pineapple," and , "strained") is a sweet cocktail made with rum, coconut cream or coconut milk, and pineapple juice, usually served either blended or shaken with ice. It may be garnished with either a pineapple wedge, a maraschino cherry, or both. The piña colada has been the national drink of Puerto Rico since 1978. 

Origin

The name piña colada literally means "strained pineapple", a reference to the freshly pressed and strained pineapple juice used in the drink's preparation.

Two bartenders from Puerto Rico won a contest for the ownership of their national drink. Ramón "Monchito" Marrero Pérez claims to have first made it at the Caribe Hilton Hotel's Beachcomber Bar in San Juan in 1954, using the then newly-available coco lópez cream of coconut. Coco lópez was developed in Puerto Rico in 1948 by Don Ramón López-Irizarry, hence the Puerto Rican connection and the 1952 account of the drink's creation. Some say the drink did not acquire its name until the 1960s.

The Caribe Hilton Hotel sits on a 17-acre peninsula outside San Juan and was the first luxury hotel to open in the region, becoming a popular destination for the rich and famous who helped spread word of the drink.

Ramón Portas Mingot also says he created it in 1963 at the Barrachina Restaurant, 104 Fortaleza Street, Old San Juan.  The restaurant stands by his claim to this day.

National Piña Colada Day is celebrated on the islands on 10 July.

History of the drink

The earliest known story states that in the 19th century, Puerto Rican pirate Roberto Cofresí, to boost his crew's morale, gave them a beverage or cocktail that contained coconut, pineapple and white rum.  This was what would be later known as the famous piña colada. With his death in 1825, the recipe for the piña colada was lost.

Ramón "Monchito" Marrero, a barman from the Caribe Hilton, claims to have created the Piña Colada in 1954, during his days as bartender at that resort. After three months of experimentation, Mr. Marrero finally settled upon the recipe for the Piña Colada, which he felt captured the true nature and essence of Puerto Rico. He continued to serve the drink at the Caribe Hilton for 35 years after its creation and was finally rewarded for his efforts in 1978 when Puerto Rico officially proclaimed the cocktail its national drink.

Caribe Hilton possesses two proclamations that state the hotel is the "Birthplace of the Piña Colada". One proclamation was given by Puerto Rico Governor Sila M. Calderón in 2000, and the other was given in 2014 by Governor Alejandro García Padilla as part of the Piña Colada 60th Anniversary celebrations.

The remodeled Caribe Hilton Bar, Caribar Rums & Light Bites, provides a new menu reflecting the Evolution of the Piña Colada, including a contemporary version: the Clear Colada.

Barrachina, a restaurant in Puerto Rico, also claims to be the birthplace of the piña colada:In 1963, on a trip to South America, Barrachina met another popular Spaniard and bartender Ramon Portas Mingot. Don Ramon has worked with the best places in Buenos Aires and associated with "Papillon" the most luxurious bar in Carcao and was also recognized for his cocktail recipe books. Pepe Barrachina and Don Ramon developed a great relationship. While working as the main bartender at Barrachina (a restaurant in Puerto Rico), Ramon mixed pineapple juice, coconut cream, condensed milk and ice in a blender, creating a delicious and refreshing drink, known today as the Piña Colada.

In popular culture

This cocktail gained fame in Puerto Rico from 1978, and it gained worldwide fame after Rupert Holmes released his 1979 song, "Escape (The Piña Colada Song)", which became a popular hit around the world.

Preparation

There are many recipes of how to make a piña colada but the one that his friends tell in the book of José L. Díaz de Villegas to be the original recipe created by Monchito, is the following:

Variations

Different proportions of the core ingredients, as well as different types of rum, may all be used in the piña colada. Frozen piña coladas are also served. Other named variations include:
* Amaretto colada – amaretto substituted for rum 
* Chi chi – with vodka in place of rum
* Lava Flow – strawberry daiquiri and piña colada blended together 
* Staten Island Ferry – Mailbu rum and pineapple juice, over ice
* Virgin piña colada or piñita colada – without the rum, thus non-alcoholic
* Kiwi Colada – with kiwifruit (fruit and syrup) in place of pineapple juice
* Variants of Blue Hawaii with creme of coconut differ from piña colada mainly by including also blue Curaçao.
Question:
What is the basis for a pina colada?
Answer:
Spiced Rum
