Passage:
Gisel questions1 - Pastebin.com
Gisel questions1 - Pastebin.com
Gisel questions1
What is the name of Dr. Seuss's egg-hatching elephant?
horton
Who was Clark Kent's high school sweetheart?
lana lang
What was the first published Sherlock Holmes story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
"A study in scarlet"
To whom did Herman Melville dedicate his novel, Moby Dick?
nathanial hawthorne
What was the name of the girlfriend of Felix the Cat?
phyllis
Under what assumed name did Oscar Wilde live out the last three years of his life, in "France?
sebastian melmoth
What was Scarlett O'Hara's real first name?
katie
How many years did Robinson Crusoe spend shipwrecked on his island?
24|twenty four
George G. Moppet was the father of what comic strip character?
littlee lulu
What one word was intentionally left out of the movie version of Mario Puzo's novel, "The Godfather". even though this word was the working title of the book?
mafia
In the comic strips, what was the name of Mandrake the Magician's giant partner?
lothar
What was the name of the pig leader in George Orwell's Animal Farm?
nepoleon
Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character?
dick tracy
In the Little Orphan Annie comic strip, what was the name of Daddy Warbucks's Giant bodyguard who wore a turban?
punjab
The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public?
jaws
What famous American writer was granted a patent for a best-selling book that contained no words?
mark twain
The Emerald City was the working title of which classic novel?
"The wonderful wizard of oz"
What book was Mark David Chapman carrying with him when he killed John Lennon on 12/8/80?
catcher in the rye
In the 1953 biopic about the famous Houdini who played the starring role?
tony curtis
O'Hare International airport is in which city?
chicago
Rap originated In what country?
usa|united states
After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the U.S. declared war on which country?
japan
What was the movie "Twister "about?
tornados
What is the name of the prehistoric town in which The Flintstones live?
bedrock
Barbie dolls were first made in which 20th-century decade?
50's|50s|1950s
American supermarkets introduced what kind of codes in the mid 70s?
barcodes|bar codes
How many carats is pure gold?
24|twentyfour|twenty four
Carlos Estevez is better known as whom?
charlie sheen
A 2000 year old, life size terracotta army was discovered in which country?
china
How long did the Arab-Israeli War of 1967 last?
6 days|six days
RAW Paste Data
What is the name of Dr. Seuss's egg-hatching elephant? horton Who was Clark Kent's high school sweetheart? lana lang What was the first published Sherlock Holmes story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle? "A study in scarlet" To whom did Herman Melville dedicate his novel, Moby Dick? nathanial hawthorne What was the name of the girlfriend of Felix the Cat? phyllis Under what assumed name did Oscar Wilde live out the last three years of his life, in "France? sebastian melmoth What was Scarlett O'Hara's real first name? katie How many years did Robinson Crusoe spend shipwrecked on his island? 24|twenty four George G. Moppet was the father of what comic strip character? littlee lulu What one word was intentionally left out of the movie version of Mario Puzo's novel, "The Godfather". even though this word was the working title of the book?  mafia In the comic strips, what was the name of Mandrake the Magician's giant partner? lothar What was the name of the pig leader in George Orwell's Animal Farm? nepoleon Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character? dick tracy In the Little Orphan Annie comic strip, what was the name of Daddy Warbucks's Giant bodyguard who wore a turban? punjab The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public? jaws What famous American writer was granted a patent for a best-selling book that contained no words? mark twain The Emerald City was the working title of which classic novel? "The wonderful wizard of oz" What book was Mark David Chapman carrying with him when he killed John Lennon on 12/8/80? catcher in the rye In the 1953 biopic about the famous Houdini who played the starring role? tony curtis O'Hare International airport is in which city? chicago Rap originated In what country? usa|united states After the bombing of Pearl Harbor, the U.S. declared war on which country? japan What was the movie "Twister "about? tornados What is the name of the prehistoric town in which The Flintstones live? bedrock Barbie dolls were first made in which 20th-century decade? 50's|50s|1950s American supermarkets introduced what kind of codes in the mid 70s? barcodes|bar codes How many carats is pure gold? 24|twentyfour|twenty four Carlos Estevez is better known as whom? charlie sheen A 2000 year old, life size terracotta army was discovered in which country? china How long did the Arab-Israeli War of 1967 last? 6 days|six days
Question:
The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public?
Answer:
Jaws (software)
Passage:
Gerry and the Pacemakers
Gerry and the Pacemakers were an English beat group prominent during the 1960s. In common with the Beatles, they came from Liverpool, were managed by Brian Epstein, and were recorded by George Martin.  They are most remembered for being the first act to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart with their first three single releases.  This record was not equalled for 20 years, until the mid-1980s success of fellow Liverpool band Frankie Goes to Hollywood. Consequently, they stand as the second most successful pop group originating in Liverpool.

History

Gerry Marsden formed the group in 1959 with his brother Fred, Les Chadwick and Arthur McMahon. They rivalled the Beatles early in their career, playing in the same areas of Hamburg, Germany and Liverpool. McMahon (known as Arthur Mack) was replaced on piano by Les Maguire around 1961. They are known to have rehearsed at Cammell Laird shipping yard at Birkenhead. The group's original name was Gerry Marsden and the Mars Bars,  but they were forced to change this when the Mars Company, producers of the chocolate Mars Bar, complained. 

The band was the second to sign with Brian Epstein, who later signed them with Columbia Records (a sister label to the Beatles' label Parlophone under EMI). They began recording in early 1963 with "How Do You Do It?", a song written by Mitch Murray, that Adam Faith had turned down and one that the Beatles chose not to release (they did record the song but insisted on releasing their own song, "Please Please Me").  The song was produced by George Martin and became a number one hit in the UK, the first by an Epstein Liverpool group to achieve this on all charts, until being replaced at the top by "From Me to You", the Beatles' third single. 

Gerry and the Pacemakers' next two singles, Murray's "I Like It" and Rodgers and Hammerstein's "You'll Never Walk Alone", both also reached number one in the UK Singles Chart, the latter recorded instead of the Beatles' "Hello Little Girl", which went on to become the first hit for the Fourmost. "You'll Never Walk Alone" had been a favourite of Gerry Marsden's since seeing Carousel growing up. It quickly became the signature tune of Liverpool Football Club and, later, other sports teams around the world. The song remains a football anthem, there and elsewhere, inspired by Gerry Marsden's rendition rather than the Broadway original.  The group narrowly missed a fourth consecutive number one when "I'm the One" was kept off the top spot for two weeks in February 1964 by fellow Liverpudlian's The Searchers "Needles and Pins".

Despite this early success, Gerry and the Pacemakers never had another number one single in the UK. Gerry Marsden began writing most of their songs, including "I'm the One","It's Gonna Be All Right" and "Ferry Cross the Mersey", as well as their first and biggest US hit, "Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying", which peaked at No.4, and which Gerry Marsden initially gave to Decca recording artist Louise Cordet in 1963. She recorded the song (Decca F11824), but without commercial success. The song, written by all bandmembers, has also been covered by Les Carle, the Lettermen, Jackie DeShannon (This Is Jackie DeShannon album, 1965), José Feliciano, Dr. John, Rickie Lee Jones, Gloria Estefan (Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me album) among others.  They also starred in an early 1965 film called Ferry Cross the Mersey (sometimes referred to as "Gerry and the Pacemakers' version of A Hard Day's Night"), for which Marsden wrote much of the soundtrack. The title song was revived in 1989 as a charity single for an appeal in response to the Hillsborough football crowd disaster, giving Marsden – in association with other Liverpool stars, including Paul McCartney and Frankie Goes to Hollywood's Holly Johnson – another British number one. 

In the US, their recordings were released by the small New York City record label Laurie in 1963, with whom they issued four singles during 1963 without success (as listed below). When the Beatles broke through in January 1964, Laurie's next regular single release of "Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying became a big hit and during 1964 Laurie coupled "How Do You Do It?" with "You'll Never Walk Alone" (Laurie 3261) and "I Like It" with "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)" (Laurie 3271) with some success.

By late 1965, their popularity was rapidly declining on both sides of the Atlantic. They disbanded in October 1966, with much of their latter recorded material never released in the UK.

Drummer Freddie Marsden, born Fredrick John Marsden, 23 November 1940, at 8 Menzies Street, Toxteth, Liverpool, died on 9 December 2006 in Southport, age 66.

Discography

Singles

In the United States, a different series of Gerry and the Pacemakers' singles was issued, as their Laurie Records label created more albums, and at least two singles, which were never issued in Britain. This was a standard practice at the time; it also happened with the Beatles and the Dave Clark 5. 

(Note:  The US single Of "I'll Be There" is an alternate take and all subsequent reissues used the original UK take.)

Albums

† – Soundtrack, includes other artists
Question:
What was the second UK Number 1 from Gerry and the Pacemakers?
Answer:
I Like It (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Bluebells
The Bluebells were a Scottish indie rock band, active between 1981 and 1986 (later briefly reforming in 1993, 2008–2009 and 2011).

Career

The Bluebells performed jangly guitar based pop not dissimilar to their Scottish contemporaries Aztec Camera and Orange Juice. They had three Top 40 hit singles in the UK, all written by guitarist and founder member Bobby Bluebell (real name Robert Hodgens) – "I'm Falling", "Cath", and their biggest success "Young at Heart".  The latter was co-written with Siobhan Fahey of Bananarama (originally recorded on the Bananarama album Deep Sea Skiving) and violinist Bobby Valentino, and made it to number 8 in the UK Singles Chart on its original release in 1984. The band also released one EP, The Bluebells, and one full-length album, Sisters.
 
The band split up in the mid 1980s, but enjoyed an unexpected revival in 1993 when "Young at Heart" was used in a Volkswagen television advertisement. Re-issued as a single, it was number one for four weeks and led to the band reforming temporarily to perform the song on BBC Television's Top of the Pops.  A compilation album followed, The Singles Collection, which peaked at No. 27 in the UK Albums Chart in April 1993. 

The band reformed in late 2008, with original members the McCluskey brothers and Bobby Bluebell, to support Edwyn Collins at a show in Glasgow on 23 January 2009.  On 29 May 2011, the band performed as part of the Southside Festival.

Post Bluebells

After the group's demise, band member Lawrence Donegan played with The Commotions and then trained as a journalist and is now a golf correspondent for The Guardian, having previously worked at The Scotsman. The other members of the band stayed in the music business after the split – David McCluskey and his brother, Ken, formed a folk duo.  Ken also works as a lecturer at Stow College in Glasgow teaching music business, and David uses music therapeutically with a wide variety of people. Robert Hodgens returned to DJ duties and more recently formed a new group called The Poems that signed to the American label Minty Fresh.

Band members

* Bobby Bluebell (born Robert Hodgens, 6 June 1959, Scotland) – guitar
* David McCluskey (born 13 January 1964, Scotland) – drums
* Ken McCluskey (born Kenneth McCluskey, 8 February 1962, Scotland) – vocals / harmonica
* Lawrence Donegan (born 13 July 1961, Stirling, Scotland) – bass
* Craig Gannon (born 30 July 1966, Manchester, England) – guitar
* Neil Baldwin – bass
* Russell Irvine – guitar

Discography

Albums

Singles
Question:
With which re-released song did The Bluebells have a number one hit in 1993?
Answer:
Young At Heart
Passage:
Biggles Online | Biggles Looks Back
Biggles Online | Biggles Looks Back
Biggles Looks Back
A Story of Biggles and the Air Police
Published
February 1965 - Hodder & Stoughton [H/B]
Reprints
71.4 %
(4 votes cast)
Biggles, helped by his erstwhile enemy Eric Von Stalhein, sets off to behind the Iron Curtain in a bid to rescue Biggles' one true love, Marie Janis.
goodreads summary
Biggles has dinner with old enemy, and now friend, Erich von Stalhein, who asks him if he ever wonders what happened to Marie Janis, a young girl Biggles fell in love with during the First World War. (This tale is told in a short story called "Affair De Coeur" in the first ever Biggles book THE CAMELS ARE COMING). Biggles is astonished to hear that Von Stalhein has had a letter from Marie. She is in Czechoslovakia and the letter contains clues that all is not well. Later, Von Stalhein disappears and Biggles concludes he has gone to rescue Marie. A postcard from Rodnitz with a cryptic message confirms this.
Question:
In literature, who has an enemy called Erich von Stalhein?
Answer:
Biggles
Passage:
Mohs scale of mineral hardness
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness is a qualitative ordinal scale that characterizes the scratch resistance of various minerals through the ability of a harder material to scratch a softer material. It was created in 1812 by the German geologist and mineralogist Friedrich Mohs and is one of several definitions of hardness in materials science, some of which are more quantitative.[http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/387714/Mohs-hardness "Mohs hardness"] in Encyclopædia Britannica Online The method of comparing hardness by seeing which minerals can visibly scratch others, however, is of great antiquity, having been mentioned by Theophrastus in his treatise On Stones, c. 300 BC, followed by Pliny the Elder in his Naturalis Historia, c. 77 AD.    While greatly facilitating the identification of minerals in the field, the Mohs scale does not show how well hard materials perform in an industrial setting. 

Usage

Despite its simplicity and lack of precision, the Mohs scale is highly relevant for field geologists, who use the scale to roughly identify minerals using scratch kits. The Mohs scale hardness of minerals can be commonly found in reference sheets. Reference materials may be expected to have a uniform Mohs hardness.

Minerals

The Mohs scale of mineral hardness is based on the ability of one natural sample of mineral to scratch another mineral visibly. The samples of matter used by Mohs are all different minerals. Minerals are pure substances found in nature. Rocks are made up of one or more minerals.  As the hardest known naturally occurring substance when the scale was designed, diamonds are at the top of the scale. The hardness of a material is measured against the scale by finding the hardest material that the given material can scratch, and/or the softest material that can scratch the given material. For example, if some material is scratched by apatite but not by fluorite, its hardness on the Mohs scale would fall between 4 and 5.  "Scratching" a material for the purposes of the Mohs scale means creating non-elastic dislocations visible to the naked eye. Frequently, materials that are lower on the Mohs scale can create microscopic, non-elastic dislocations on materials that have a higher Mohs number. While these microscopic dislocations are permanent and sometimes detrimental to the harder material's structural integrity, they are not considered "scratches" for the determination of a Mohs scale number. 

The Mohs scale is a purely ordinal scale. For example, corundum (9) is twice as hard as topaz (8), but diamond (10) is four times as hard as corundum. The table below shows the comparison with the absolute hardness measured by a sclerometer, with pictorial examples.  

On the Mohs scale, a streak plate (unglazed porcelain) has a hardness of 7.0. Using these ordinary materials of known hardness can be a simple way to approximate the position of a mineral on the scale.

Intermediate hardness

The table below incorporates additional substances that may fall between levels:

Hardness (Vickers) 

Comparison between Hardness (Mohs) and Hardness (Vickers):
Question:
What does the Mohs scale measure?
Answer:
The hardness of minerals
Passage:
Gulf of Aqaba
The Gulf of Aqaba (, Khalij al-Aqabah) or Gulf of Eilat (, Mifrats Eilat) is a large gulf at the northern tip of the Red Sea, east of the Sinai Peninsula and west of the Arabian mainland. Its coastline is divided between four countries: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia.

Geography

The gulf is east of the Sinai Peninsula and west of the Arabian Peninsula. With the Gulf of Suez to the west, it extends from the northern portion of the Red Sea. It reaches a maximum depth of 1,850 m in its central area: the Gulf of Suez is significantly wider but less than 100 m deep.

The gulf measures 24 km at its widest point and stretches some 160 km north from the Straits of Tiran to where Israel meets Egypt and Jordan.

Like the coastal waters of the Red Sea, the gulf is one of the world's premier sites for diving. The area is especially rich in coral and other marine biodiversity and has accidental shipwrecks and vessels deliberately sunk in an effort to provide a habitat for marine organisms and bolster the local dive tourism industry.

Cities

At this northern end of the gulf are three important cities: Taba in Egypt, Eilat in Israel, and Aqaba in Jordan. They are strategically important commercial ports and popular resorts for tourists seeking to enjoy the warm climate.  Further south, Haql is the largest Saudi Arabian city on the gulf.  On Sinai, Sharm el-Sheikh and Dahab are the major centers.

The largest population center is Aqaba, with a population of 108,000 (2009), followed by Eilat with a population of 48,000 (2009).

Extent

The International Hydrographic Organization defines the southern limit of the gulf as "A line running from Ràs al Fasma Southwesterly to Requin Island () through Tiran Island to the Southwest point thereof and thence Westward on a parallel (27°54'N) to the coast of the Sinaï Peninsula". 

Geology

The gulf is one of two gulfs created by the Sinai Peninsula's bifurcation of the northern Red Sea, the Gulf of Suez lying to the west of the peninsula and the Gulf of Aqaba to its east. Geologically, the gulf forms the southern end of the Dead Sea Transform. It contains three small pull-apart basins, the Elat Deep, Aragonese Deep and Dakar Deep, formed between four left lateral strike-slip fault segments. Movement on one of these faults caused the 1995 Gulf of Aqaba earthquake.

Ecology

History

Trade across the Red Sea between Thebes port of Elim and Elat at the head of the gulf is documented as early as the Fourth Dynasty of Egypt. Expeditions crossing the Red Sea and heading south to Punt are mentioned in the fifth, the sixth, the eleventh, the twelfth and the eighteenth dynasties of Egypt, when Hatshepsut built a fleet to support the trade and journeyed south to Punt in a six-month voyage.
Thebes used Nubian gold or Nub from her conquests south into Kush to facilitate the purchase of frankincense, myrrh, bitumen, natron, juniper oil, linen, and copper amulets for the mummification industry at Karnak. Egyptian settlements near Timna at the head of the gulf date to the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt.

At the northern edge, the ancient city of Ayla (in present-day Aqaba) was a commercial hub for the Nabateans. The Romans built the Via Traiana Nova, which joined the King's Highway at Aqaba and connected Africa to Asia and the Levant and Red Sea shipping.

Aqaba was a major Ottoman port, connected to Damascus and Medina by the Hejaz railway.  During World War I, the Battle of Aqaba was the key battle that ended a 500-year Ottoman rule over Greater Syria.

The Marine Twilight Zone Research and Exploration program (MTRX) was set up in 2003 by the Interuniversity Institute for Marine Sciences of Eilat to conduct research on the deep coral reef systems of the northern Red Sea.

Tourism

The gulf is one of the most popular diving destinations in the world. About 250,000 dives are performed annually in Eilat's 11 km coastline, and diving represents 10% of the tourism income of this area. 

The Landscape of Wadi Rum to the east of the northern edge of the gulf is a popular destination. Other destinations are the ruins of the iron-age civilization of Ayla in the city of Aqaba, the site of the World War I Battle of Aqaba, led by Lawrence of Arabia.

Dolphins and dugongs live in the gulf as well.
Question:
The Gulf of Aqaba is an inlet of which sea?
Answer:
Red Sea (disambiguation)
Passage:
Ophanin
Ophanin is a toxin found in the venom of the King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah), which lives throughout South East Asia. This toxin belongs to the cysteine-rich secretory protein (CRISP) family. Ophanin weakly blocks the contraction of smooth muscles elicited by high potassium-induced depolarization, suggesting that it inhibits voltage-dependent calcium channels.

Etymology 

The toxin was named ophanin after the snake whose venom it is derived from, the King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah).

Sources 

Ophanin is produced in the venom glands of the King Cobra (O. Hannah).

Although the venom has relatively low toxicity, this is compensated by the high amounts of it injected into the prey for each bite.

Chemistry 

Structure 

Ophanin was successfully isolated from O. Hannah venom by gel filtration and cation-exchange chromatography. Its molecular weight is 25 kDa (from positions 19 – 239), which conforms to the molecular mass predicted from its cDNA sequences. 

Homology 

Ophanin is a cysteine-rich secretory protein and therefore belongs to the CRISP family. 
These proteins possess 16 strictly conserved cysteines and contain 8 disulfide bonds. 
Ten of the 16 cysteine residues are clustered at the C-terminal end of the protein.  
Ophanin belongs to the “long” CRISPs subgroup, which consists of the 9 CRISPs with the longest sequences. Snake venom CRISPs belonging to different subgroups act on different biological targets, contributing in this way to the diversity of damaging effects of snake venoms.

Family 

The phylogenetic tree constructed from the nucleotide sequences of all known snake venom CRISPs shows that ophanin is more closely related to the Viperidae branch than the Elapidae branch even though O. Hannah belongs to the Elapidae snakes.

Ophanin, along with other specific snake toxins like triflin and ablomin, is also a helothermine-related venom protein (Helveprin) which was originally isolated from the skin of the Mexican beaded lizard.

Target 

Ophanin is a weak blocker of the high potassium-induced contraction of smooth muscles. Snake venom CRISP family proteins inhibit depolarization-induced smooth muscle contraction to different extents. Compared to the normal contraction of smooth muscle, ophanin is able to reduce their force of contractility to 84% ± 1%, which is less than most other CRISPs.
 
The differences between the inhibitory activity of CRISPs may be explained through sequence comparisons that suggest a site that may be critical for inhibition of channel activity. Phe189 and Glu186 are the most likely functional residues: strong blockers of smooth muscle contraction (ablomin, triflin, and latisemin) all have Phe189, and all blockers of smooth muscle contraction except ophanin have Glu186. The significance of this lack of the probable functional residues in ophanin has not yet been addressed. However, it is likely that the picture is more complex and other residues contribute to the inhibitory activity of CRISPs on smooth muscle contraction and some data supports this. For example pseudecin, while also having Phe189, does not affect depolarization-induced contraction.

Mode of action 

There is no direct evidence of a particular mode of action of ophanin blocking depolarization-induced contractions of the smooth muscles. However, based on the hypothesis of Yamazaki and colleagues in regards to ablomin, another snake venom toxin from the CRISP family that also blocks depolarization-induced smooth muscle contraction, we can postulate a similar mechanism might be in place for ophanin.

Since ablomin only blocks contraction induced by depolarization, but not by caffeine, the effect of ablomin is likely to be caused by inhibition of voltage-gated ion channels. An activation of smooth muscle cells through caffeine activates ryanodine receptors of the sarcoplasmic reticulum, whereas an activation through high levels of extracellular potassium depolarizes the membrane (due to the change of the reversal potential for potassium towards more positive values) and would then activate voltage-gated calcium-ion channels leading to high levels of intracellular calcium ions. The intracellular calcium ion concentration correlates well with contraction force in the rat-tail artery. Thus, contraction following extracellular application of high-potassium solution depends on the influx of the extracellular calcium ions through voltage-gated calcium channels. Therefore ablomin (and by extension ophanin) most likely targets voltage-gated calcium channels on smooth muscle.

Toxicity 

The  of the venom in mice is ~1.2 to 3.5 mg/kg via intravenous injection. The LD50 of ophanin is not yet known.
Question:
Ophanin, piscivorin, ablomin, latisemin and triflin, cysteine-rich secretory proteins that can reduce muscle contractions, are naturally found where?
Answer:
Cobra Toxin
Passage:
Condiment
A condiment is a spice, sauce, or, preparation that is added to food to impart a particular flavor, to enhance its flavor,  or in some cultures, to complement the dish. The term originally described pickled or preserved foods, but has shifted meaning over time. 

Many condiments are available packaged in single-serving packets, like mustard or ketchup, particularly when supplied with take-out or fast-food meals. They are usually applied by the diner, but are sometimes added prior to serving; for example, in a sandwich made with ketchup, mustard or mayonnaise. Some condiments are used during cooking to add flavor or texture to the food; barbecue sauce,  compound butter, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, and marmite are examples.

The term condiment comes from the Latin condimentum, meaning "spice, seasoning, sauce" and from the Latin condere, meaning "preserve, pickle, season". 

Definition

The exact definition of what is and is not a condiment varies. Some definitions include spice and herbs, including salt and pepper,  using the term interchangeably with seasoning.  Others restrict the definition to including only "prepared food compound[s], containing one or more spices", which are added to food after the cooking process, such as mustard, ketchup or mint sauce. Cheese is also considered a condiment in some European countries.

History

Condiments were known in Ancient Rome, Ancient India, Ancient Greece and Ancient China, and were often used to improve the taste of spoiling food; before food preservation techniques were widespread, pungent spices and condiments were used to make the food more palatable.  The Romans made the condiments garum and liquamen by , leading to a flourishing condiment industry. Apicius, a cookbook based on 4th and 5th century cuisine, contains a section based solely on condiments.

List of condiments

Condiment market in the United States 

The condiment market refers to the marketing and consumer purchase of condiments.

In the United States, condiment market was valued at USD 5.6 billion in 2010 and is estimated to grow to USD 7 billion by 2015. The condiment market is the second largest in specialty foods behind that of cheese.

Gallery

Image:Dijon mustard on a spoon - 20051218.jpg|Dijon mustard
Image:Chrain3.jpg|Chrain (horseradish sauce)
Image:Oeufsmayo.JPG|Mayonnaise
Image:Ketchup-01.jpg|Tomato Ketchup
Image:BasilkumPesto.jpg|Pesto genovese
Image:Chutneys.jpg|Chutneys
Image:HAT YAI MARKET 2.jpg|Curry powder or paste
Image:Megrelian ajika.jpg|Ajika, spicy sauce in Caucasian cuisine
Image:Tkemali.JPG|Tkemali (Georgian sauce made of sour cherry plums)
Image:Chinese condiments at the restaurant by bhollar in Nerima, Tokyo.jpg|Common Chinese condiments: soy sauce, vinegar, chili oil, white pepper
Image:Duck sauce packets.jpg|Packets of duck sauce
Image:Carrburritos salsas and chips.jpg|Salsa
Image:Worcester Sauce 001.jpg|Worcestershire sauce
Image:Marmite thick spread toasted bread.jpg|Marmite
Image:Relish.jpg|Gentleman's Relish
Image:Flying goose sriracha th.jpg|Sriracha (type of Hot sauce)
Image:Shichimi tougarashi.JPG|Shichimi
Image:HK 北角 North Point 和田 Wada Japanese Restaurant 放題 Buffet dinner 山葵 green Wasabi Mar-2013.JPG|Wasabi
Question:
In 1981, in a move that met with considerable controversy, the Agriculture Department in the US proposed classifying pickle relish and what other condiment as vegetables in order to save money on school lunch programs?
Answer:
Green ketchup
Passage:
Leisure (poem)
"Leisure" is a poem by Welsh poet W. H. Davies, appearing originally in his Songs Of Joy and Others, published in 1911 by A. C. Fifield and then in Davies' first anthology Collected Poems, by the same publisher in 1916.

What is this life if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.

No time to stand beneath the boughs
And stare as long as sheep or cows.

No time to see, when woods we pass,
Where squirrels hide their nuts in grass.

No time to see, in broad daylight,
Streams full of stars, like skies at night.

No time to turn at Beauty's glance,
And watch her feet, how they can dance.

No time to wait till her mouth can
Enrich that smile her eyes began.

A poor life this if, full of care,
We have no time to stand and stare.

Summary

Although it was to become Davies' best known poem, curiously it was not included in any of the five Georgian Poetry anthologies published by Edward Marsh between 1912 and 1922. Thirty two of Davies' other poems were.

It warns that "the hectic pace of modern life has a detrimental effect on the human spirit."  Modern man has no time to spend free time in the lap of nature.

Appraisal

In his 1963 Critical Biography of Davies, Richard Stonesifer traces the origins of the poem back to the sonnet "The World Is Too Much with Us" by William Wordsworth, saying: 

"But he went to school with Wordsworth's sonnet "The world is too much with us", and echoes from that sonnet resound throughout his work as from few other poems. Philosophically, no other single poem can be said to form the basis of so much of his poetry. The celebrated opening of his wise little poem "Leisure" has its origins here." 

Stonesifer traces the central idea to a number of Davies' other poems - "The housebuilder" (from the 1914 The Bird of Paradise), "A Happy Life" and "Traffic", as well as "Bells" and "This World".

Significance and legacy

Davies is generally best known for the opening two lines of this poem. It has appeared in most of the anthologies of his work and in many general poem anthologies, including:

*Oxford Book of Victorian Verse (1971), Oxford University Press
*Book of a Thousand Poems (1983), Peter Bedrick Books
*Anglo-Welsh Poetry (1984), Poetry Wales Press
*Common Ground (1989), Carcanet 
*A Poem a Day (1996), Steerforth Press

The poem features, in spoken form, on the album Anthology of 20th Century English Poetry (Part I), originally issued in 1960 on the Folkways Records label and has been used in British television advertisements, including those for Center Parcs and Orange Mobile.

The poem was mis-quoted, by the KGB, in a 1991 secret message to their spy inside the FBI, Robert Hanssen.
Dear Friend:
Time is flying. As a poet said:
:"What's our life,
:If full of care
:You have no time
:To stop and stare?"
You've managed to slow down the speed of Your running life to send us a message. And we appreciate it.
Question:
"Who wrote, ""What is this life if full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?"""
Answer:
WH Davies
