Passage:
Woody plant
A woody plant is a plant that produces wood as its structural tissue. Woody plants are usually either trees, shrubs, or lianas. These are usually perennial plants whose stems and larger roots are reinforced with wood produced from secondary xylem. The main stem, larger branches, and roots of these plants are usually covered by a layer of bark. Wood is a structural cellular adaptation that allows woody plants to grow from above ground stems year after year, thus making some woody plants the largest and tallest terrestrial plants.

Wood is primarily composed of xylem cells with cell walls made of cellulose and lignin. Xylem is a vascular tissue which moves water and nutrients from the roots to the leaves. Most woody plants form new layers of woody tissue each year, and so increase their stem diameter from year to year, with new wood deposited on the inner side of a vascular cambium layer located immediately beneath the bark. However, in some monocotyledons such as palms and dracaenas, the wood is formed in bundles scattered through the interior of the trunk. 

Woody herbs are herbaceous plants that develop hard woody stems. They include such plants as Uraria picta and certain species in family Polygonaceae. These herbs are not truly woody but have hard densely packed stem tissue. Other herbaceous plants have woody stems called a caudex, which is a thickened stem base often found in plants that grow in alpine or dry environments.

Under specific conditions, woody plants may decay or may in time become petrified wood.

The symbol for a woody plant, based on Species Plantarum by Linnaeus is , which is also the astronomical symbol for the planet Saturn.
Question:
Ligneous relates to which natural substance?
Answer:
Diffuse-porous wood
Passage:
Leontes
King Leontes is a fictional character in Shakespeare's play The Winter's Tale. He is the father of Mammilius and husband to Queen Hermione. He becomes obsessed with the belief that his wife has been having an affair with Polixenes, his childhood friend and King of Bohemia. Because of this, he tries to have his friend poisoned, has his wife imprisoned, and orders his infant daughter to be abandoned. His daughter, Perdita, survives the journey although her protector is killed by a bear, and is raised among commoners.[http://etext.library.adelaide.edu.au/mirror/classics.mit.edu/Shakespeare/winters_tale/full.html Winter's Tale: Entire Play] His young son dies of grief at his mother's plight, and Hermione faints on hearing the news and is reported dead. Leontes comes to understand his faults, and is filled with remorse for his ill-treatment of his Queen. At the end of the play, he is reunited with daughter and his wife, whose death has been falsely reported.

Literary critic Harold Bloom has called Leontes Shakespeare's finest representation of jealousy of the male heart. Shakespeare's portrayal is debatable, as he is viewed as a jealous tyrant, in many ways a true villain, though there is also a commonly held view that Shakespeare purposefully wanted to present a childish, flippant man.[http://www.bookbrowse.com/author_interviews/full/index.cfm?author_number=631 Harold Bloom - An interview with author]

Actors who have given notable performances as Leontes include Johnston Forbes-Robertson, Henry Ainley, John Gielgud, Jeremy Irons, Patrick Stewart and Antony Sher.
Question:
Who is the daughter of Leontes in The Winter’s Tale?
Answer:
Perdita
Passage:
Lee Marvin - Wand'rin Star (ReMastered Audio) (1969) (HD ...
Lee Marvin - Wand'rin Star (ReMastered Audio) (1969) (HD) - YouTube
Lee Marvin - Wand'rin Star (ReMastered Audio) (1969) (HD)
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Published on Aug 27, 2013
Digital ReMastered Soundtrack...
He may not have had the best singing voice in the world but no one can better Lee Marvin singing "Wand'rin Star" from the hit 1969 musical "Paint Your Wagon"...
One of those songs that once heard never forgotten and no one else can sing it like Lee Marvin did... :-)
Took the 2001 digital remastered audio CD release of the soundtrack and matched it into the movie... it's never sounded better... :-)
Category
Question:
The song ‘Wandrin’ Star’ comes from which 1969 film?
Answer:
Paint Your Wagon
Passage:
Chris Brasher
Christopher William Brasher CBE (21 August 1928 – 28 February 2003) was a British track and field athlete, sports journalist and co-founder of the London Marathon. 

History

Born in Georgetown, Guyana, Brasher went to Rugby School and then St John's College, Cambridge.

On 6 May 1954, he acted as pacemaker for Roger Bannister when the latter ran the first sub-four-minute mile at Iffley Road Stadium in Oxford. Brasher paced Bannister for the first two laps, while his friend Chris Chataway paced the third. Two years later, at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Brasher finished first in the 3,000 metres steeplechase with a time of 8 minutes 41.2 seconds, but was disqualified for allegedly interfering with another runner, Ernst Larsen of Norway. The following day, after an investigation, he was reinstated as gold medallist. 

He was one of the pioneers of orienteering in Britain and can claim the first public mention of the sport in an article in The Observer in 1957:

"I have just taken part, for the first time, in one of the best sports in the world. It is hard to know what to call it. The Norwegians call it 'orientation'..." 

He had distinguished careers in journalism as sports editor for The Observer newspaper and in broadcasting, as a reporter for the Tonight programme.

In 1971 he founded Chris Brasher's Sporting Emporium which later became Sweatshop.  In 1978 he designed the innovative Brasher Boot – a walking boot with the comfort of a running shoe. In their time these were amongst the best but recently there have been product quality issues.

In 1981 John Disley and Brasher founded the London Marathon.  In 1983 he became the second president of the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races, an office which he held until 1987. 

Also in 1983 Brasher partnered with his longtime friend John Disley to found Fleetfoot Limited in Lancaster, England. Fleetfoot distributed The Brasher Boot and other sporting goods to retailers. Fleetfoot acquired the rights to be the UK distributor of Reebok and subsequently traded as Reebok UK before becoming a subsidiary of Pentland Industries in 1988.  After the acquisition by Pentland, Brasher remained active in the company as chairman of the board. Reebok UK was sold to Reebok International in 1990 when Pentland Group sold its 55% ownership of Reebok USA and Reebok International.

Brasher was married to tennis champion Shirley Brasher née Bloomer.

Brasher was awarded the CBE in 1996.

He was awarded the Royal Scottish Geographical Society's Livingstone Medal in 2002. 

In 2003, he died at his home in Chaddleworth, Berkshire, after struggling for several months against pancreatic cancer.
Question:
In which event did Chris Brasher win his gold medal in the 1956 Olympics?
Answer:
Steeplechases
Passage:
Jamie Hince
James "Jamie" William Hince  (born 19 December 1968) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, best known as the guitarist for the indie rock duo The Kills.  He started his musical career in bands called Fiji, Scarfo, and Blyth Power. He co-founded The Kills with American singer Alison Mosshart in 2000. In The Kills, Hince is known as "Hotel" and Mosshart is known as "VV." 

Hince grew up in Wooton Hill, England  together with an older sister. He attended Goldsmiths where he studied playwriting.

Relearning guitar

In the early 2010s, Hince lost the use of one finger on his left hand following an accident. He had to relearn how to play the guitar without it. 

Personal life

Hince was married to model Kate Moss. In 2008, The Sun reported that Hince and Moss became engaged during a trip to Amsterdam. Hince proposed to her in bed with a vintage 1920s ring worth more than £10,000. They wed on 1 July 2011 at St Peter's Church, Southrop in Gloucestershire.  and they separated in July 2015.

Discography

With Fiji

*Cattlecount (CD Single) (August 1999)
*Glue Hotel Tapes (Mini Album) (1999)
*Pillshop (7" Single)

With Scarfo

*Scarfo (November 1995)
*Luxury Plane Crash (July 1997)

Studio albums with The Kills

* Keep on Your Mean Side (2003)
* No Wow (2005)
* Midnight Boom (2008)
* Blood Pressures (2011)
* Ash & Ice (2016)
Question:
Which British model married Jamie Hince in July 2011?
Answer:
Cocaine kate
Passage:
Hypnophobia
Hypnophobia,  also termed clinophobia or somniphobia, is the often irrational and excessive fear of sleep. It may result from a feeling of control loss, or from repeating nightmares or anxiety over the loss of time that could be spent accomplishing tasks or maximizing leisure time instead of sleeping. The prefix hypno- originates from the Greek word ύπνος hypnos, which means sleep.[http://www.yourdictionary.com/hypno-prefix hypno- - Definition of hypno]

Basic symptoms

Hypnophobia is typically thought to have numerous symptoms which affect the body. These symptoms can affect the patient both physically and mentally. Many feel anxiety when talking about the subject of sleep or even thinking about it. Although hypnophobia is a relatively common form of anxiety disorder it can be difficult to treat.[http://www.ivy-rose.co.uk/References/glossary_entry824.htm Hypnophobia : Phobia : Fears and Phobias (Health Glossary Category)]
*Rapid breathing
*Shortness of breath
*Confusion
*Sweating
*Feelings of panic, dread, and terror
*Sleepiness
*Dry mouth
*Drowsiness
*Trembling
*Irregular heartbeat
*Nausea

The symptoms may differ for different patients and may experience them in their own way. There are numerous prescription drugs for hypnophobia, but the side effects and withdrawal symptoms can be severe. The prescribed drugs do not cure this illness but only temporarily suppress the symptom.

Diagnosis

The causes of hypnophobia are not quite understood. Numerous patients who report having this phobia claim the source to be recurring nightmares. Hypnophobia might even reflect an underlying depressive disorder or anxiety disorder as well.[http://insomnia.ygoy.com/2009/11/11/what-is-somniphobia/ What is Somniphobia?] It can also be caused by a traumatic experience (e.g. a car accident, house fire, or natural disaster). Patients may also become hypnophobic after sleeping through a traumatic event; for example, a patient may have fallen asleep while smoking and woken up on fire.

Treatment

Similar to all phobias, anxiety seems to be the driving force behind almost all fears. The key to treating hypnophobia is to reduce anxiety, or to eliminate it completely. Other ways, such as meditation or yoga, may help in the treatment process. If a patient is experiencing hypnophobia due to the lack of security while they are sleeping, it is recommended that they sleep next to, or near, someone in order to have confidence that nothing will happen to them while they are sleeping.

Cognitive therapy is a widely accepted form of treatment for most anxiety disorders. It is also thought to be particularly effective in combating disorders where the patient doesn't actually fear a situation but, rather, fears what could result from being in said situation. The ultimate goal of cognitive therapy is to modify distorted thoughts or misconceptions associated with whatever is being feared; the theory is that modifying these thoughts will decrease anxiety and avoidance of certain situations.[http://depression.about.com/od/psychotherapy/a/cognitive.htm Cognitive Therapy - What Is Cognitive Therapy?]
Question:
Hypnophobia is the fear of what?
Answer:
Snoozing
Passage:
Géo Lefèvre
Géo Lefèvre (1887–1961) was a French sports journalist and the originator of the idea for the Tour de France.

He suggested the idea for the Tour at a meeting with Henri Desgrange, editor of the daily newspaper L'Auto as a way to boost circulation. Desgrange recruited Lefèvre from the rival daily sports paper, Le Vélo, to work as his rugby and cycling correspondent. Lefèvre played both sports but was keener on cycling. When L'Auto 's circulation didn't match the hopes of its backers, Lefèvre was the youngest at a crisis conference held on the first floor of L'Autos office in the rue Faubourg Montmartre in Paris. He said in subsequent interviews that he suggested a six-day race round France only because he could think of nothing else to say. 

Desgrange said: "As I understand it, petit Géo, you are suggesting a Tour de France". The name had been used before, particularly in car racing, but it was the first time it had been used in cycling. Desgrange took Lefèvre for lunch and the pair discussed the idea over coffee. Only when the newspaper's accountant, Victor Goddet, said he would put the company's funds into the scheme did Desgrange accept the idea. He didn't believe it so whole-heartedly, though, because he stayed away from the first Tour in 1903 and appointed Lefèvre director of the course and judge at both the start and finish, following the race by train, missing the finish in Lyon.

Géo Lefèvre also played a key role in the early days of the sport of cyclo-cross.
Question:
Which sporting event, first held in July 1903, was the idea of Geo Lefevre, a journalist on L'Auto newspaper?
Answer:
La Grande Boucle
