Passage:
Nick Stone (character)
Nick Stone is the main fictional character in a series of books written by Andy McNab, who is an ex-member of British Army regiment the SAS. Andy McNab has written about Nick Stone in seventeen different books. Nick has undertaken many missions including kidnapping a powerful Russian Mafia lord and killing a money-laundering Algerian business man.

Nick Stone left the SAS in 1988, soon after the shooting of three IRA volunteers in Gibraltar. Once working for British Intelligence as a 'K' on deniable operations, he also briefly worked for an American agency. Now he roams the world as somewhat of a mercenary just trying to keep his head above water. Early novels are accounts of assassination and intrigue filled with tradecraft and detail. Later novels, while still detailed, deal with more social topics such as White slavery/prostitution, government corruption, war profiteering, Human rights and torture with Nick never having answers to these complicated topics, but normally just bearing witness.

Biography

Nick Stone's story is depicted as a traumatic one. He grew up in England with parents who he feels did not care about him. They hardly ever spent family time together, and they never did anything to make his childhood happy. His father is also suggested to have been a very violent man, and certain passages hint that Nick was a victim of child abuse at his hand (one passage says that his father locked him in the garden shed on a stormy night and left him there, in the dark and on his own, until the morning). Another says that his stepfather used to beat him, just because he liked to do it. His mother did nothing to stop this abuse, Stone stating that all she did was let it happen, then give him a Mars Bar afterwards. Nick treated his home as a waiting room until he could leave and, when he finally did, he signed up to the Army, eventually being recruited into the SAS. The characters' name and early years were allegedly based on those of a teenage acquaintance of McNab last known working a postman in Dartford.

In Remote Control he is asked if he is still married to which he replies 'no I divorced her', she is also mentioned in subsequent novels as a gauge on women's effect on him, such as references in Crisis Four where his newfound love for fellow operative Sarah is listed on his file at MI6 for the reason he divorced his wife.

After the murder of a fellow SAS soldier and his family, Nick becomes the sole guardian of their seven-year-old daughter Kelly, and the two went on the run from unidentified pursuers, unaware of who was the real target. In Dark Winter, Stone unearths a doomsday threat against the populations of New York, London and Berlin and finds himself facing an unspeakable trade-off; the life of someone he loves, against those of millions he doesn't even know.

In 1987, Stone was involved with a mission in Gibraltar to prevent three PIRA members from detonating a bomb there. This mission involving Stone is a reenactment of the actual event, Operation Flavius. This ended with the shooting in public of all three PIRA officials. This event drove Nick to retire from the SAS at some point between then and 1995. He says in Aggressor that his last job with the Regiment was supervising and being actively involved in the infamous Waco siege in 1993, he also refers to carrying out operations in the Gulf War in some of his books, mirroring Andy McNab's own SAS career. It seems he was being used for unofficial jobs by British Intelligence as early as 1995, as the character Sarah in Crisis Four encouraged him to approach them

He has had many chapters in his life and led a path that has taken him all over the world (including The Congo, Bosnia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Southern France, Ireland, Ulster, Switzerland, Malaysia, Georgia, Great Britain, the USA, Syria, Algeria, Libya, Italy, Dubai, Russia, Gibraltar, Finland, Moldova and Denmark), mostly under order of "The Firm" but others out of pure bad luck or personal quests for revenge or escapism.

In Books

The character Nick Stone appears in the following books:
* Remote Control (17 February 1998)
* Crisis Four (22 August 2000)
* Firewall (5 October 2000)
* Last Light (1 October 2001)
* Liberation Day (1 October 2002)
* Dark Winter (3 November 2003)
* Deep Black (1 November 2004)
* Aggressor (1 November 2005)
* Recoil (6 November 2006)
* Crossfire (12 November 2007)
* Brute Force (3 November 2008)
* Exit Wound (5 November 2009)
* Zero Hour (28 October 2010)
* Dead Centre (15 September 2011)
* Silencer (24 October 2013)
* For Valour (23 October 2014)
*  Detonator (22 October 2015)

In Films

In production: Echelon - based on the novel Firewall
Question:
Who introduced the character of ex-SAS soldier Nick Stone in his novel 'Remote Control'?
Answer:
McNab, Andy
Passage:
Opera Babes
The Opera Babes are a crossover classical music duo, consisting of Karen England (born 1974), mezzo-soprano, and Rebecca Knight (born 1970), soprano.

The duo came to wide attention when they sang "Un bel dì vedremo" (from the opera Madame Butterfly) on television sports programmes, beginning in 2002.  In addition to performing with major orchestras in Britain and touring with their own shows, they released their first album, Beyond Imagination in 2002 and their second album, Renaissance, in 2006.

Background and history

The Opera Babes met in Cambridge while performing Mozart's The Magic Flute in a touring opera company.   England studied at Leeds University and London's Guildhall School of Music and Drama.  Knight, whose mother is the opera singer Gillian Knight, wrote for children's television early in her career.  Both women have performed with the English touring company Opera della Luna and at the International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival.  They began busking together in 2001 on London's Covent Garden, where they were first spotted and were signed for their first album by Sony.  They became famous for singing "Un bel dì vedremo" ("One fine day we shall see" from the opera Madame Butterfly), the song that ITV used for their World Cup 2002 programmes, at the FA Cup final and at the UEFA Champions League final in Milan.  Knight explained the group's strategy to BBC News as follows: "[W]e have tried to maintain the classical integrity while making these things more appealing to a wider audience." 

The Opera Babes released their first album, Beyond Imagination in 2002 (ranking No. 1 on the UK Classical Chart for eleven weeks, and No. 4 on the US Billboard Classical Crossover Albums chart.  In addition to the "One Fine Day" track being selected as the World Cup 2002 theme by ITV, British Airways chose another of the tracks, "Lakme H2O", a "stylish re-imagining of the Flower Duet from Lakmé", for a commercial.  One reviewer wrote: "If you're a young individual with a remote interest in the classical genre, this disc is the perfect introduction".  The album has sold over 1.7 million copies.[http://www.operababes.com/#!__about About], Operababes.com, accessed 3 January 2013 The artists soon had a falling out with their producer, SonyBMG, which asked them to concentrate on studio work, rather than performing live.  "We were originally discovered busking ... so I would have thought it was obvious that we loved performing live, yet Sony weren't interested", said Karen England.[http://www.yourlocalguardian.co.uk/display.var.922353.0.0.php Guardian article], 2006

The Opera Babes have performed in concert with orchestras such as the Philharmonia, the Halle, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, the BBC Concert Orchestra, the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, the London Symphony Orchestra, and the Berlin Symphony Orchestra, among others.  They also performed for Queen Elizabeth II at the Festival of Remembrance at the Royal Albert Hall, the launch of the Commonwealth Games at Buckingham Palace, and Proms at the Palace for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations.  They have also performed at the Los Angeles Opera House with Plácido Domingo, and were the first British classical act to perform in Las Vegas.[http://www.soschildrensvillages.org.uk/sos-childrens-charity/our-friends/ SOS Children's Celebrity Supporters], accessed 26 June 2009 In 2003 they performed Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" with Andre Rieu.  They have performed on GMTV, Des & Mel, Good Morning America and Fox and Friends.  The Opera Babes have also been the subject of three UK documentaries for ITV and one US documentary for CBS. Since 2005, the Opera Babes have been Ambassadors of SOS Children's Villages, an international orphan charity providing homes and mothers for orphaned and abandoned children.

The Opera Babes' second album, Renaissance, another classical and "crossover" collection, was released in 2006 on the independent label, Instant Karma UK.  Swansea's Home Front magazine wrote, "Renaissance is really superb.  Tracks include 'Casta Diva' [from the opera Norma], 'Pie Jesu,' 'Clair de Lune', and Stephen Sondheim's 'Send in the Clowns'....  If you only buy one classical album, buy this one!"  The Opera Babes' 2006 "Renaissance" concert toured songs from both of their albums performed with multi-media special effects and visuals, as well as dancers costumed by designer Elizabeth Emanuel.  In December 2006, they were featured on the UK's Songs of Praise programme recorded at Lichfield Cathedral.  In the spring of 2007, they continued to tour in the UK and the US, and then the group took a break while Karen England had a baby.  The group resumed touring in 2008.  After this tour, the duo performed on cruise ships, among other venues.

In 2012, the group released its third album, Silent Noon, named after the song by Ralph Vaughan Williams, on the Warner Classics label.  The album consists of British songs, from Handel and Purcell, to Quilter, to Britten and Novello, accompanied by piano.  The Allmusic review commented that the duo's "calling card was the blend of their remarkably similar voices, and that's intact here. Yet an upbeat number or two wouldn't have been out of order". 

Recordings

*Beyond Imagination (Audio CD – 2002) Sony. Billboard 200 #199;  UK #24;  No. 1 on the UK Classical Chart; and No. 4 on the US Billboard Classical Crossover Albums chart
*Renaissance (Audio – CD 2006) Instant Karma UK
*Silent Noon (Audio – CD 2012) Warner Classics
Question:
"In 2001, Karen England and Rebecca Knight, found busking in Covent Garden to support singing lessons, were invited to perform at the FA Cup Final & the UEFA Champions League final in Milan. Their album ""Beyond Imagination"" was #1 in the UK Classical Charts for 11 weeks and #4 in the USA. What are they better known as?"
Answer:
Rebecca Knight
Passage:
Children's Favourites
Children's Favourites was a BBC Radio programme broadcast from 1954 until 1984 and Christmas editions from 2007 until 2015. Originally  broadcast on the Light Programme on Saturday mornings from 9:00. Its precursor from 1952 was Children's Choice after the style of Housewives' Choice. 

The programme played requests from children of all ages.  For most of its run, the programme was introduced by Derek McCulloch, Uncle Mac.  McCulloch's grandfatherly tone was quintessentially 'old-school' BBC.   His opening words "Hello children, everywhere!", his catch-phrase was a modification of his much earlier closing words "Goodnight children, everywhere" on Children's Hour.   

Children wrote in with requests often just to get their names mentioned on the radio. McCulloch ensured that all types of music were played whatever the majority had requested: not just children's pieces but a wide range of music from pop to hymns to the light classics.   The signature tune until the mid-1960s was Puffin' Billy by Edward White played by the Melodi Light Orchestra.  

Later versions

McCulloch made his last broadcast in 1965 and several other presenters were tried including Leslie Crowther.  After Radio 1 and Radio 2 were launched, the show was renamed Junior Choice  and simultaneously broadcast on both stations and Puffin' Billy was replaced by an instrumental version of the Seekers' hit Morningtown Ride played by Stan Butcher, from his 1966 album a His Birds and Brass.  

In February 1968 Ed 'Stewpot' Stewart took over from Crowther and was the host for eleven years, attracting more than 17 million listeners.  The style became less cosy and less reverent. As tastes changed, new favourites were added, though some old favourites remained for years. Pop records, as opposed to records specifically for children, were requested more frequently as the 1970s progressed. The programme often featured old favourites such as "A Windmill in Old Amsterdam" by Ronnie Hilton and "My Brother" by Terry Scott. The show was peppered with catch-phrase jingles such as "'Ello Darlin'", recorded by an unknown patient at a hospital in Billericay, and "Happy Birthday to You" sung by an eight-year old boy, from a football club in Crosskeys, on the team coach after the match.

In 1980 Stewart was replaced by Tony Blackburn, but by this time the programme was seen as somewhat old-fashioned. The title Junior Choice was dropped in the early months of 1982, but similar programmes, now titled Tony Blackburn's Saturday Show and Tony Blackburn's Sunday Show continued until 23 September 1984, after which Blackburn left Radio 1, Peter Powell took over the weekend breakfast show, and the link with the "Uncle Mac" era was broken. 

In 2007, Stewart brought the show back to the airwaves for what became a regular two-hour Christmas Day special, the final one was Christmas 2015 as Ed Stewart died in January 2016. It is not known if the Christmas show will return with another presenter, with the only surviving past presenter Tony Blackburn now also having left the BBC.
Question:
BBC's Children's Favourites became Junior Choice when Radio 1 and Radio 2 were formed, who presented it?
Answer:
Ed 'Stewpot' Stewart
Passage:
Autonomous administrative division
An autonomous administrative division is an administrative division of a country that has a degree of autonomy, or freedom from an external authority. Typically it is either geographically distinct from the rest of the country or populated by a national minority. Decentralization of self-governing powers and functions to such divisions is a way for a national government to try to increase democratic participation or administrative efficiency and/or to defuse internal conflicts.  Countries that include autonomous areas may be federacies, federations, or confederations.  Autonomous areas can be divided into territorial autonomies, subregional territorial autonomies, and local autonomies.

By country

* Autonomous administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China
* Autonomous administrative divisions of India
* Autonomous administrative divisions of Russia
* Autonomous administrative divisions of Spain

Table by designation

Other entities with devolution (autonomy)

British constituent countries

In the United Kingdom, three of the four constituent countries, namely Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, each have an elected devolved legislature which has the ability to legislate in devolved matters. The Parliament of the United Kingdom retains sovereignty however (the United Kingdom remains a unitary state) and legislates in matters that are not devolved, as well as having the capacity to legislate in areas that are devolved (this does not normally occur, by constitutional convention, without the agreement of the devolved legislature). The constitutional basis of the devolved legislatures is also controlled by Acts of the United Kingdom's Parliament. Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man are self-governing Crown dependencies which are not part of the United Kingdom. Gibraltar is a self-governing overseas territory.

New Zealand dependent territories

New Zealand maintains nominal sovereignty over three Pacific Island nations. The Cook Islands and Niue are self-governing countries in free association with New Zealand that maintain some international relationships in their own name. Tokelau remains an autonomous dependency of New Zealand. The Chatham Islands—despite having the designation of Territory—is an integral part of the country, situated within the New Zealand archipelago. The territory's council is not autonomous and has broadly the same powers as other local councils, although notably it can also charge levies on goods entering or leaving the islands. 

Ethiopian special woredas

In Ethiopia, "special woredas" are a subgroup of woredas (districts) that are organized around the traditional homelands of an ethnic minority, and are outside the usual hierarchy of a kilil, or region. These woredas have many similarities to autonomous areas in other countries.

Danish constituent countries

The Faroe Islands and Greenland are two autonomous countries within the Kingdom of Denmark.

Dutch constituent countries

Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are autonomous countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, each with their own parliament.In addition they enjoy autonomy in taxation matters as well as having their own currencies.

French autonomous administrations

The French constitution recognises 3 autonomous jurisdictions. As a Territorial collectivity Corsica enjoys more autonomy on such things as tax and education than mainland regions. New Caledonia and French Polynesia are highly autonomous territories with their own government, currency and constitution. They do not however have legislative powers for policy areas relating to law and order, defense, border control or university education. French Guiana, Guadaloupe, Martinique and Reunion also enjoy a certain level of autonomy with certain legislative power for devolved areas but they do not have their own currency. Other smaller overseas possessions also enjoy similar status.

Historical

* Autonomous Silesian Voivodeship
* Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus in Albania (1914).
* Autonomous republics of the Soviet Union (1922–1990)
* Bantustans of apartheid-era South Africa and Namibia.
* Subcarpathian Ruthenia and Slovakia within Czechoslovakia (1938–1939).
* Baltic Provinces of the Russian Empire.
* Grand Duchy of Finland of the Russian Empire.
* Magyar Autonomous Region of Socialist Republic of Romania (1952–1968)
* Southern Ireland (1921–22) and Northern Ireland (1921–72) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
* Free imperial city of the medieval Holy Roman Empire
* Transjordan of British Palestine
* Autonomous caza of Kuwait, a subdivision of the Ottoman Empire

Other

Other areas that are autonomous in nature but not in name are areas designated for indigenous peoples, such as those of the Americas:
* Aboriginal (First Nation or Native American) reserves and reservations, in, respectively, Canada and the United States.
* the five comarcas indígenas ("indigenous regions") of Panama.
*The provinces of Vanuatu.
Question:
What autonomous country within the Kingdom of Denmark has the Internet Top-Level Domain of .gl?
Answer:
Antarctica of The North
Passage:
Sandy Powell (comedian)
Sandy Powell MBE (30 January 1900 – 26 June 1982) was an English comedian best known for his radio work of the 1930s and for his catchphrase Can You Hear Me, Mother?. He first said this in a theatre in Coventry. Fifty years later, deciding he needed a rest from the business (he planned a cruise around the world with his wife), he again said it in a Coventry theatre, for the last time.

Early life 

Born Albert Arthur Powell in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England in 1900, he attended White's school in Masbrough where he helped his mother (stage name of Lily le Maine) to put on a marionette show. At age nine, she put him in a velvet suit with a lace collar and he went on stage and sang. After he left school he became a music hall entertainer, often wearing a kilt in the guise of a Scottish comedian. During this part of his career he was associated with the singer Gracie Fields, and released several records where he collaborated with her.

Stage and recording 

He made a total of eighty five 78rpm records between 1929 and 1942,  mostly double-sided sketches with him in various occupations. He sold seven and a half million records, earning a penny a side, so over £60,000. The first, The Lost Policeman on the cheap Broadcast label, sold almost half a million copies (he had turned down a flat fee of £60 for this), and his subsequent recordings for Broadcast and Rex were extremely popular. He said in a 1982 interview  that he used his stage work to advertise the records, rather than the other way about, though it was later said of him that his records introduced him so wherever he went to put on a show, they already knew him..

Sandy had a stooge in his act during the 1930s, the boy soprano, Jimmy Fletcher, father of the actor Gerard Fletcher, of Emmerdale, Coronation Street and other TV. From 1930 he took his own revue, Sandy Powell's Road Show, on tour – it ran for ten years and was extremely popular despite having only a handful of performers and two backdrops.

Radio and film 

In the 1930s he began to work on the radio, always introducing his show with catchphrase Can You Hear Me, Mother? Powell said that the catchphrase originated on an occasion when he had dropped his script and was killing time at the microphone while rearranging the pages. It is also attributed to his mother's coercion and her hardness of hearing, during his early career. At his next booking, the theatre manager asked him to say it again as everyone was saying it now. He also appeared in a number of films during the 1930s, usually as himself. In 1939 he was voted the fifth most popular British star at the local box office. 

A popular figure, he worked continually on radio, television and pantomime through the 1940s and 1950s. Aged 21 at the time, Pat Phoenix was brought in to play Sandy's wife and played four parts in the film. After that he want onto a variety tour and she came with him as his wife, earning £12 a week. He performed with his Starlight company in the Eastbourne Pier theatre for over fifteen seasons in the 1950s and 1960s, earning himself the sobriquet 'Mr Eastbourne', and he was still performing occasionally up to his death in 1982. Part of his act was a comedy ventriloquism act, where the dummy would fall apart. After being on stage for a few weeks with a series of awful ventriloquists, he bought a dummy himself and did his own act as a ventriloquist. When Pat Phoenix as his wife who "fed him lines" asked if the dummy could sing something, he replied "If I know it, he can sing it!"

Honour 

He was still well-known enough to have a pub in his home town of Rotherham [http://www.rotherhampubs.f9.co.uk/Comedian.html dedicated to him] in 1970 and was awarded the MBE in 1975. 

Death

For a day or two, he thought he had bad indigestion but it was worse than he realised and he died of a heart attack on 26 June 1982.

Selected filmography

*The Third String (1932)
* Soft Lights and Sweet Music (1936)
*It's a Grand Old World (1937)
*I've Got a Horse (1938)
*Home from Home (1939)
*Cup-tie Honeymoon (1948)
Question:
Who had the catchphrase 'Can you hear me mother'?
Answer:
Sandy Powell (disambiguation)
Passage:
Give Us a Clue
Give Us a Clue is a British televised game show version of charades which was broadcast on ITV from 1979 to 1992. The original host was Michael Aspel from 1979 to 1984, followed by Michael Parkinson from 1984 to 1992. The show featured two teams, one captained by Lionel Blair and the other by Una Stubbs. Later versions of the programme had Liza Goddard as captain of the women's team.

A revived version was attempted by BBC One, which ran from 10 November to 19 December 1997 and commissioned 30 episodes, it was hosted by Tim Clark. Teams were captained by Christopher Blake and Julie Peasgood and the show tried to introduce a lateral thinking puzzle (which the host could "give clues to"). Give us a Clue returned for a special Comic Relief episode on 5 March 2011 with Sara Cox, Christopher Biggins, Lionel Blair, Una Stubbs, Holly Walsh, Jenni Falconer and David Walliams.

Format

The game was based on charades, a party game where players used mime rather than speaking to demonstrate a name, phrase, book, play, film or TV programme. Each player was given roughly two minutes to act out their given subject in front of his/her team, and if the others were unsuccessful in guessing correctly, the opposing team would have a chance to answer for a bonus point.

Transmissions

Series 1 was not networked, Thames and a few other broadcast the series, around 19:00 while most others station moved it to an early time slot including 15:50. By 1980 all station were broadcasting the series in peaktime slot until 1986. No series was made in 1987 but repeats were broadcast on certain ITV station usually around 17:15.

In 1988 the show moved to an early morning slot, left vacant when ITV Schools relocated to Channel 4, before being moved once again to around 15:00 slot in 1989 onwards. The original run ended in 1991, but a one-off special was broadcast on 4 May 1992.

Theme music

The original theme tune was called "Chicken Man", which was also the theme tune of Grange Hill. However, while Grange Hill used the original recording, Give us a Clue used a less dynamic custom arrangement more in keeping with the style of light entertainment programming. In 1981, David Clark took over as producer/director and commissioned an entirely new theme tune, then in 1987, a new vocalised theme tune was used up until the show ended in 1992.

Trivia

The programme has been repeated on satellite TV and is also still parodied in British comedy. It was frequently referred to by Humphrey Lyttelton, chairman of BBC radio's long-running "antidote to panel games", I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue, during a round of Sound Charades — usually with a gay innuendo-laden gag at the expense of Lionel Blair.

Other versions

A licensed version of it aired in New Zealand in the 1990s, after the British original had screened there for several seasons. SVT in Sweden broadcast their own version with the title Gäster med gester.
Question:
Who has presented Give Us A Clue, Child's Play, and Crackerjack?
Answer:
Aspel and Company
Passage:
Sant Francesc Xavier
Sant Francesc Xavier or Sant Francesc de Formentera is a village and capital and largest settlement of Formentera, Balearic Islands, Spain. It includes a cultural centre so visitors can learn about the village's history throughout the history of Formentera.

Sister towns

* - We`a, Djibouti
Question:
Sant Francesc Xavier is the capital of which Balearic island?
Answer:
Formentera
Passage:
Jim Toomey
James Patrick Toomey (born December 26, 1960) is a popular American cartoonist famous for his comic Sherman's Lagoon.  Toomey received his B.S.E. from Duke University's Pratt School of Engineering in 1983, an M.L.A. from Stanford University in 1995, and a Master's of Environmental Management from the Nicholas School of the Environment and Earth Sciences in 2008.

His cartoon strip, Sherman's Lagoon, is distributed by King Features Syndicate, and appears in over 250 newspapers in North America and in over 30 foreign countries.

Creative Works

*Lunch Wore a Speedo - Oct. 2014
*Here We Go Again - Oct. 2013
*Think Like a Shark - Sep. 2012
*Never Bite Anything That Bites Back - Sep. 2011
*Discover Your Inner Hermit Crab - Sep. 2010
*Confessions of a Swinging Single Sea Turtle - Sep. 2009
*Sharks Just Wanna Have Fun - Sep. 2008
*Yarns and Shanties - Sep. 2007
*Planet of the Hairless Beach Apes - Sep. 2006
*In Shark Years I'm Dead - March 2006
*A Day at the Beach - March 2005
*Surfer Safari - Sep. 2005
*Catch of the Day - Sep. 2004
*Shark Diaries - Sep. 2003
*A Lagoa de Sherman - Sep. 2003 (Spanish)
*Le Lagon de Sherman - Sep. 2003 (French)
*Greatest Hits & Near Misses - Sep. 2002
*Surf's Up - March 2003
*Greetings From Sherman's Lagoon - Sep 2002
*Another Day in Paradise - Sep 2001
*An Illustrated Guide to Shark Etiquette - Sep 2000
*Poodle: The Other White Meat - Sep 1999
*Ate That, What's Next? - Sep. 1997
*Lagunen - Sep. 1996 (Norwegian)
*Sigges Lagun - Sep. 1994 (Swedish)
*50 Ways to Save the Ocean (illustrator; written by David Helvarg)
Question:
What daily comic strip, created by Jim Toomey in 1991, features an overweight, lazy shark, his wife Megan, a sea turtle named Fillmore, and crab named Hawthorne, among others?
Answer:
Hawthorne the Hermit Crab
Passage:
Home Thoughts from Abroad
Home-Thoughts, from Abroad is a poem by Robert Browning. It was written in 1845 while Browning was on a visit to northern Italy, and was first published in his Dramatic Romances and Lyrics. 

Full text

OH, to be in England
Now that April 's there,
And whoever wakes in England
Sees, some morning, unaware,
That the lowest boughs and the brushwood sheaf
Round the elm-tree bole are in tiny leaf,
While the chaffinch sings on the orchard bough
In England—now!

And after April, when May follows,
And the whitethroat builds, and all the swallows!
Hark, where my blossom'd pear-tree in the hedge
Leans to the field and scatters on the clover
Blossoms and dewdrops—at the bent spray's edge—
That 's the wise thrush; he sings each song twice over,
Lest you should think he never could recapture
The first fine careless rapture!
And though the fields look rough with hoary dew,
All will be gay when noontide wakes anew
The buttercups, the little children's dower
—Far brighter than this gaudy melon-flower! 

In culture

In 1995, Home Thoughts was voted 46th in a BBC poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite poems. 

Home thoughts from Abroad is also the title of a song by Clifford T Ward, part of his 1973 album Home Thoughts.

Home Thoughts from Abroad is also the title of a poem by John Buchan about WW1
Question:
What is the first line of the poem 'Home thoughts from Abroad' by Robert Browning?
Answer:
Oh, to be in England
Passage:
Alan Breck Stewart
Alan Breck Stewart (Gaelic: Ailean Breac Stiùbhart; c. 1711 – c. 1791) was a Scottish soldier and Jacobite. He was also a central figure in a murder case that inspired novels by Sir Walter Scott and Robert Louis Stevenson. 

Life and the Appin murder

In accordance with the fosterage customs of the Highland clans, Alan Stewart and his brothers grew up under the care of their relative James of the Glen in Appin. His soubriquet, Breck, came from the Gaelic for "spotted", as his face bore scars from smallpox. Stewart enlisted in the British Army of George II in 1745, just before the Jacobite rising of that year. He fought at the Battle of Prestonpans, but deserted to the Highland Jacobites. He subsequently fought for the Jacobites, but after they were defeated at the  Battle of Culloden he fled to France, accompanying his commander and clan captain, Colonel Charles Stewart of Ardshiel (Ardshiel was not the chief of the Appin Stewarts, but took command in absence of the true chief). After joining one of the Scottish regiments serving in the French Army, Stewart was sent back to Scotland to collect rents for the exiled clan leaders and to recruit soldiers for the French Crown.

On 14 May 1752 Colin Campbell of Glenure, the royal agent collecting rents from the Ardshiel Stewarts, was murdered. As Alan Stewart had previously publicly threatened Glenure and had enquired about his schedule for the day in question, a warrant was issued for his arrest. However, he evaded capture, and so was tried in absentia and sentenced to death. His foster father, James, was convicted as an accessory to the murder and hanged. Later investigations suggest that the murderer could not have been Stewart at all.

In the murder of Glenure the British government saw the potential danger of Jacobite assassinations of their agents in the Highlands, on the one hand, and also a potential renewal of a Campbell/Stewart feud, on the other. The execution of James of the Glen increased the Stewarts' discontent, and locally, especially after he was immortalised in fiction, Alan Breck Stewart was portrayed as a romantic figure.

There is no record of what happened to Stewart after the trial. One common story, derived from Sir Walter Scott, is that he returned to military service for the French crown and served against the British in North America during the French and Indian War. Another tale, passed down through the Stewart family, is that he fled to Ireland and set up a farm. There are now many Stewart descendants living in Ireland and Northern Ireland.

Portrayal in historical fiction

In the introduction to Rob Roy (published in 1817), Sir Walter Scott tells of the Appin Murder. This account in turn inspired Robert Louis Stevenson to write Kidnapped (1886). Scott also claimed that a friend of his had actually met the elderly Stewart in Paris in 1789, just before the French Revolution, in the house of a Scottish Benedictine priest, where people had gathered to view a procession: "Some civilities in French passed between the old man and my friend, in the course of which they talked of the streets and squares of Paris, till at length the old soldier, for such he seemed, and such he was, said with a sigh, in a sharp Highland accent, 'Deil ane o' them a' is worth the Hie Street of Edinburgh!' On enquiry, this admirer of Auld Reekie, which he was never to see again, proved to be Allan Breck Stewart. He lived decently on his little pension, and had, in no subsequent period of his life, shown anything of the savage mood, in which he generally believed to have assassinated the enemy and oppressor, as he supposed him, of his family and clan." However, Scott's friend's description of Stewart is unreliable: "His eyes were grey. His grizzled hair exhibited marks of having been red, and his complexion was weather-beaten, and remarkably freckled" does not match earlier descriptions of the fugitive, who is reported to have had black hair and brown eyes, and his complexion was not freckled, but pitted by smallpox.

The Alan Breck's Prestonpans Volunteer Regiment

Founded in 2007, the Alan Breck's Prestonpans Volunteer Regiment is a living history and battle re-enactment society focusing on the 1745 Rising and associated histories.  Half of the society portray redcoat soldiers and half Jacobites, in recognition of Stewart's service on both sides of the conflict, and is accordingly named after him. The society is based in Prestonpans, East Lothian, but performs at events around the country and has members from across Scotland.
Question:
Alan Breck Stewart is one of the leading characters in which adventure novel, first published in 1886?
Answer:
Kidnapper,
Passage:
The Blue Boy
The Blue Boy (c. 1770) is a full-length portrait in oil by Thomas Gainsborough, now in the Huntington Library, San Marino, California. 

History

Perhaps Gainsborough's most famous work, it is thought to be a portrait of Jonathan Buttall (1752–1805), the son of a wealthy hardware merchant, although this has never been proven. It is a historical costume study as well as a portrait:  the youth in his 17th-century apparel is regarded as Gainsborough's homage to Anthony van Dyck, and in particular is very close to Van Dyck's portrait of Charles II as a boy.

Gainsborough had already drawn something on the canvas before beginning The Blue Boy, which he painted over. The painting is about life-size, measuring 48 in wide by 70 in tall.  Gainsborough painted the portrait in response to the advice of his rival Sir Joshua Reynolds,Gower, Ronald Sutherland. Thomas Gainsborough. 1903, page 77-78 (the original might be available in Google Books at [http://books.google.com/books?output
text&idtIE5AAAAMAAJ&ots
3i1I_bjTNG&jtp=77], last accessed 2 October 2012). who had written:

It ought, in my opinion, to be indispensably observed, that the masses of light in a picture be always of a warm, mellow colour, yellow, red, or a yellowish white, and that the blue, the grey, or the green colours be kept almost entirely out of these masses, and be used only to support or set off these warm colours; and for this purpose, a small proportion of cold colour will be sufficient. Let this conduct be reversed; let the light be cold, and the surrounding colour warm, as we often see in the works of the Roman and Florentine painters, and it will be out of the power of art, even in the hands of Rubens and Titian, to make a picture splendid and harmonious.

The painting was in Jonathan Buttall's possession until he filed for bankruptcy in 1796. It was bought first by the politician John Nesbitt and then, in 1802, by the portrait painter John Hoppner. In about 1809, The Blue Boy entered the collection of the Earl Grosvenor and remained with his descendants until its sale by the second Duke of Westminster to the dealer Joseph Duveen in 1921.   By then it had become a great popular favourite in print reproductions, after being exhibited to the public in various exhibitions at the British Institution, Royal Academy and elsewhere. 

In 1919, the painting inspired German film producer Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau to create his debut film  (The Boy in Blue). 

In a move that caused a public outcry in Britain, it was then sold to the American railway pioneer Henry Edwards Huntington for $728,800 (£182,200), according to Duveen's bill,  a then-record price for any painting. (According to a mention in The New York Times, dated 11 November 1921, the purchase price was $640,000, which would be over $8.5 million in 2014. ) Before its departure to California in 1922, The Blue Boy was briefly put on display at the National Gallery where it was seen by 90,000 people; the Gallery's director Charles Holmes was moved to scrawl farewell words on the back of the painting: "Au Revoir, C.H.". 

It was this painting that moved pop artist Robert Rauschenberg toward painting.   It is often paired with a painting by Thomas Lawrence called Pinkie which sits opposite to it at the Huntington Library.
Question:
Who painted The Blue Boy in 1779?
Answer:
Gainsborough, Thomas
Passage:
Chad (paper)
Chad refers to fragments sometimes created when holes are made in a paper, card or similar synthetic materials, such as computer punched tape or punched cards.  "Chad" has been used both as a mass noun (as in "a pile of chad") and as a countable noun (pluralizing as in "many chads").

History

In the 2000 United States presidential election, many Florida votes used Votomatic style punched card ballots where incompletely punched holes resulted in partially punched chads: either a "hanging chad", where one or more corners were still attached, or a "fat chad" or "pregnant chad", where all corners were still attached, but an indentation appears to have been made. These votes were not counted by the tabulating machines.   The aftermath of the controversy caused the rapid discontinuance of punch card ballots in the United States.

Chad is sometimes used as confetti.

Etymology 

The origin of the term chad is uncertain. Patent documents from the 1930s and 1940s show the word "chad", often in reference to punched tape used in telegraphy.  These patents sometimes include synonyms such as "chaff" and "chips".  A patent filing in 1930 included a "receptacle or chad box ... to receive the chips cut from the edge of the tape."   A 1938 patent filing included a "chaff or chad chute" to collect the waste fragments.   Both patents were assigned to Teletype Corporation.

It has also been suggested that the name derives from the resemblance to the hanging nose of the "Mr Chad" - aka "Killroy was here" graffiti character. 

The plural chads is attested from about 1939, along with chadless, meaning "without [loose] chad".  Clear definitions for both terms are offered by Walter Bacon in a patent application filed in 1940 assigned to Bell Telephone Laboratories:  "... In making these perforations, the perforator cuts small round pieces of paper, known in the art as chads, out of the tape.  These chads are objectionable ... Chadless tape is prepared by feeding blank tape through a device which will not punch a complete circle in the tape but, instead, will only cut approximately three-quarters of the circumference of a circle ... thereby leaving a movable, or hinged, lid of paper in the tape." 

In the New Hacker's Dictionary, two unattributed and likely humorous derivations for "chad" are offered, a back-formation from a personal name "Chadless" and an acronym for "Card Hole Aggregate Debris".   Other etymologies claim derivation from the Scottish name for river gravel, chad, or the British slang for louse, chat.

Partially punched chad

When a chad is not fully detached, it is described by various terms corresponding to the level of modification from the unpunched state. The distinctions are of importance in counting cards used in voting. The following terms generally apply when describing a four-cornered chad: 

*Hanging chads are attached to the ballot at only one corner.
*Swinging chads are attached to the ballot at two corners.
*Tri-chads are attached to the ballot at three corners.
*Pregnant or dimpled chads are attached to the ballot at all four corners, but bear an indentation indicating the voter may have intended to mark the ballot. (Sometimes "pregnant" is used to indicate a greater mark than "dimpled".)
Question:
What was a hanging chad attached to?
Answer:
Paper ballot
Passage:
Maxilla
The maxilla (plural: maxillae)OED 2nd edition, 1989. is the upper jawbone formed from the fusion of two maxillary bones. The upper jaw includes the palate of the mouth.   The two maxillary bones are fused at the inter maxillary suture. This is similar to the mandible (lower jaw), which is also a fusion of two mandibular bones at the mandibular symphysis.

Sometimes as in bony fish, the maxilla is called the "upper maxilla", with the mandible being called the "lower maxilla".  Conversely, in birds the upper jaw is often called the "upper mandible".

Structure

Each maxillary bone consists of:

* The body of the maxilla
* Four processes
** The zygomatic process
** The frontal process of maxilla
** The alveolar process
** The palatine process
* Infraorbital foramen
* The maxillary sinus

Articulations 

Each maxilla articulates with nine bones:
* two of the cranium: the frontal and ethmoid
* seven of the face: the nasal, zygomatic, lacrimal, inferior nasal concha, palatine, vomer, and the adjacent fused maxilla.

Sometimes it articulates with the orbital surface, and sometimes with the lateral pterygoid plate of the sphenoid.

Development

 
 
The maxilla is ossified in membrane. Mall   and Fawcett  maintain that it is ossified from two centers only, one for the maxilla proper and one for the premaxilla.

These centers appear during the sixth week of prenatal development and unite in the beginning of the third month, but the suture between the two portions persists on the palate until nearly middle life. Mall states that the frontal process is developed from both centers.

The maxillary sinus appears as a shallow groove on the nasal surface of the bone about the fourth month of development, but does not reach its full size until after the second dentition.

The maxilla was formerly described as ossifying from six centers, viz., 
* one, the orbitonasal, forms that portion of the body of the bone which lies medial to the infraorbital canal, including the medial part of the floor of the orbit and the lateral wall of the nasal cavity; 
* a second, the zygomatic, gives origin to the portion which lies lateral to the infraorbital canal, including the zygomatic process; 
* from a third, the palatine, is developed the palatine process posterior to the incisive canal together with the adjoining part of the nasal wall; 
* a fourth, the premaxillary, forms the incisive bone which carries the incisor teeth and corresponds to the premaxilla of the lower vertebrates; 
* a fifth, the nasal, gives rise to the frontal process and the portion above the canine tooth; 
* and a sixth, the infravomerine, lies between the palatine and premaxillary centers and beneath the vomer; this center, together with the corresponding center of the opposite bone, separates the incisive canals from each other.

Changes by age

At birth the transverse and antero-posterior diameters of the bone are each greater than the vertical.

The frontal process is well-marked and the body of the bone consists of little more than the alveolar process, the teeth sockets reaching almost to the floor of the orbit.

The maxillary sinus presents the appearance of a furrow on the lateral wall of the nose. In the adult the vertical diameter is the greatest, owing to the development of the alveolar process and the increase in size of the sinus.

Function

The alveolar process of the maxillae holds the upper teeth, and is referred to as the maxillary arch. Each maxilla attaches laterally to the zygomatic bones (cheek bones).

Each maxilla assists in forming the boundaries of three cavities:
* the roof of the mouth
* the floor and lateral wall of the nasal cavity
* the wall of the orbit

Each maxilla also enters into the formation of two fossae: the infratemporal and pterygopalatine, and two fissures, the inferior orbital and pterygomaxillary.
-When the tender bones of the upper jaw and lower nostril are severely or repetitively damaged, at any age the surrounding cartilage can begin to deteriorate just as it does after death.

Clinical significance

Maxilla fractures is a form of facial fracture caused by a fracture. A maxilla fracture is often the result of facial trauma such as violence, falls or automobile accidents. Maxilla fractures are classified according to the Le Fort classification.

In other animals

Sometimes (e.g. in bony fish), the maxilla is called "upper maxilla," with the mandible being the "lower maxilla." Conversely, in birds the upper jaw is often called "upper mandible."

In most vertebrates, the foremost part of the upper jaw, to which the incisors are attached in mammals consists of a separate pair of bones, the premaxillae. These fuse with the maxilla proper to form the bone found in humans, and some other mammals. In bony fish, amphibians, and reptiles, both maxilla and premaxilla are relatively plate-like bones, forming only the sides of the upper jaw, and part of the face, with the premaxilla also forming the lower boundary of the nostrils. However, in mammals, the bones have curved inward, creating the palatine process and thereby also forming part of the roof of the mouth. 

Birds do not have a maxilla in the strict sense; the corresponding part of their beaks (mainly consisting of the premaxilla) is called "upper mandible."

Cartilaginous fish, such as sharks, also lack a true maxilla. Their upper jaw is instead formed from a cartilagenous bar that is not homologous with the bone found in other vertebrates.

Additional images

 File:Maxilla anterior.png|Skull. Maxilla shown in green.
 File:Maxilla lateral.png|Skull from side. Maxilla shown in green.
 File:Maxilla anterior2.png|Skull. Maxilla shown in green.
 File:Maxilla inferior3.png|Skull from below. Maxilla shown in green. (Mandible is not shown.)
 File:Maxilla close-up animation.gif|Maxilla and upper teeth. Animation.
 File:Gray154.png|Lateral surface.
 File:Gray157.png|Lateral surface.
 File:Gray159.png|Lateral surface.
 File:Gray167.png|Medial surface.
 File:Gray158.png|Medial surface.
 File:Gray160.png|Inferior surface.
File:Slide1geo.JPG|Cephalic extremity.Original mummification.
File:Slide2geo.JPG|Cephalic extremity.Original mummification.
Question:
The 'Maxilla' is the upper jawbone. What is the name of the lower jawbone?
Answer:
Lower jawbone
Passage:
Chloe Madeley
Chloe Madeley (born 13 July 1987)  is an English television presenter, freelance journalist, model,  and fitness expert. She is the daughter of Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan. 

Early life and education

Madeley was born in Manchester. She has a brother, Jack, and two older twin half-brothers: Dan and Tom Henshaw from her mother's first marriage to David Henshaw. 

Madeley was educated at King Alfred School,  an independent school in Hampstead, in North West London, which she left in 2006 to attend Leeds Trinity & All Saints College (whose degrees were, at the time, awarded by Leeds University) in 2006–2007, where she lived in Kirkstall Halls. She met her now ex-boyfriend David McNidder while studying there.  Madeley left the college after one term saying she, "was just so over the whole education thing". 

Media career

Madeley first came to the public eye during a stint presenting Big Brother's Big Mouth with her brother Jack. Since then, Madeley has done numerous modelling shoots (including one with FHM magazine ) and presenting jobs on Richard & Judy programmes, largely as a roaming reporter. In January 2009 she was named as the new face of Ultimo underwear. 

Madeley also moved to Newcastle upon Tyne for a while to work and present for the Teenage Cancer Trust. In June 2009 she began a column in Now magazine.

In January 2010, Madeley participated in Celebrity Quitters, programme where five celebrities attempted to give up smoking using NRT (Nicotine Replacement Therapy). 

In March 2010, it was announced that Madeley would be presenting Live From Studio Five for one week before Emma Willis took over from Melinda Messenger.

In 2011 Madeley participated as a contestant on the skating show Dancing on Ice, paired with French skater Michael Zenezini. Madeley reached the final three of the competition which included former EastEnders actor, Sam Attwater, and children's television presenter, Laura Hamilton. She received third place in the competition. 

In 2015, Madeley took part in the second series of Channel 4 TV Show The Jump and finished in fifth place.

Fitness

A keen fitness enthusiast, Madeley has trained and worked as a personal trainer and fitness instructor alongside her media work. In July of 2013, Madeley launched FitnessFondue.com, a fitness and nutrition advice website in which she regularly posts tips, advice and her own success stories.  

Madely has received significant criticism on social networking sites for posting selfies and promoting what some perceive to be an unrealistic athletic, muscular female body image on sites like Instagram. In response she has been outspoken against cyberbullying and trolling comments she has received online on national television, arguing: "I am not putting it out there saying women should look like me. I’m saying this is how I like to look. The flack I get back is women should not look like that.” 

Personal life

In February 2009 pictures from Madeley's Facebook page emerged showing her smoking cannabis.  On 16 August, she was arrested and charged with drunk driving after her car was found crashed, and rolled over on its roof, in north London. This was confirmed by the Metropolitan Police.  The court heard that she had drank two cocktails before the crash, and her car clipped another vehicle and overturned. She was disqualified for 20 months. 

Since October 2014, Madeley has been studying Classical Archaeology and Ancient History at Balliol College. Prior to this, she dated fellow classics scholar, Daniel DeVito, whom she met when they appeared in Panto together.
Question:
Who is the mother of TV presenter and model Chloe Madeley?
Answer:
Judy Finnegan
Passage:
GPO Film Unit
The GPO Film Unit was a subdivision of the UK General Post Office. The unit was established in 1933, taking on responsibilities of the Empire Marketing Board Film Unit. Headed by John Grierson,  it was set up to produce sponsored documentary films mainly related to the activities of the GPO.

Among the films it produced were Harry Watt's and Basil Wright's Night Mail (1936), featuring music by Benjamin Britten and poetry by W. H. Auden, which is the best known. Directors who worked for the unit included Humphrey Jennings, Alberto Cavalcanti, Paul Rotha, Harry Watt, Basil Wright and a young Norman McLaren. Poet and memoirist Laurie Lee also worked as a scriptwriter in the unit from 1939-1940.

In 1940 the GPO Film Unit became the Crown Film Unit, under the control of the Ministry of Information.

In Autumn 2008 the British Film Institute issued a first collection of selected films from the Unit. Titled Addressing The Nation, it comprises fifteen titles from the years 1933 to 1935, including Song of Ceylon. A second volume, We Live In Two Worlds was released in February 2009, with 22 films covering the period 1936 to 1938, and includes Night Mail. A third (and final) volume, If War Should Come, appeared in July 2009 and includes London Can Take It!

Filmography
Question:
Which composer (1913 to 1976) wrote the music used in the 1936 GPO film 'Night Mail'?
Answer:
Britten, Benjamin
Passage:
Pakistan Cricket Players - blogspot.com
Pakistan Cricket Players
Pakistan Cricket Players
Hashim Amla
Hashim Amla Biography
Hashim Mahomed Amla (Born 31 March 1983) Is A South African Cricketer. A Right-Handed Upper Order Batsman[1] And Occasional Medium-Pace Bowler, Amla Bats At Number 3 For South Africa In Test Matches And Has Opened In Limited Overs Contests. He Is Currently Ranked As The No. 1 Batsman In Odis By The Icc.
Hashim Amla
Hashim Amla On Being Called A Terrorist
Hashim Amla Tipped As Future Prospect (2004).Mp4
Posted by
Inzamam-ul-Haq
Inzamam-ul-Haq Biography
Inzamam-ul-Haq (Saraiki, Punjabi, Urdu: انضمام الحق; born 3 March 1970[1]), also known as Inzamam, nicknamed Inzy, is a former Pakistan international cricketer who was national captain between 2003 and 2007. He is a right-handed batsman who has been regarded as one of the greatest batsmen of his era. He rose to fame in the semi-final of the 1992 world cup, in which he scored 60 of 37 balls against a potent Kiwi side.[2]
On 5 October 2007, Inzamam retired from International cricket following the second Test match against South Africa, falling three runs short of Javed Miandad as Pakistan's leading run scorer in Test cricket. Following his retirement, he joined the Indian Cricket League, captaining the Hyderabad Heroes in the inaugural edition of the Twenty20 competition. In the ICL's second edition, he captained the Lahore Badshahs, a team composed entirely of Pakistani cricketers.
Inzamam-ul-Haq
Ramiz's Lounge - Inzamam Ul Haq, Mushtaq Ahmed - Episode 07
Inzamam ul Haq on Twenty20 World cup Geo Super
Posted by
Saqlain Mushtaq
Saqlain Mushtaq Biography
Saqlain Mushtaq (Urdu: ثقلین مشتاق) (born December 29, 1976) is a Pakistani cricketer, regarded as one of the finest off spin bowlers of all time.[1] He is best known for pioneering the "doosra", which he employed to great effect during his career. Saqlain has not been active in international cricket since 2004.
Saqlain Mushtaq
Saqlain Mushtaq explains the Doosra
Saqlain Mushtaq in the nets on Surrey TV
Posted by
Mushtaq Ahmed
Mushtaq Ahmed Biography
Mushtaq Ahmed (Urdu: مشتاق احمد) (born 28 June 1970) is a retired Pakistani cricketer who specialised as a leg spin bowler. He was known for his hard-to-pick googly. He memorably trapped Graeme Hick in front with one during the 1992 World Cup final. He was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1997. Nevertheless, despite taking over 150 One Day International and Test wickets, he hasn't played international cricket since October 2003. He is now the spin bowling coach for the England Cricket Team.
However, he has played a lot of county cricket in England, including for Somerset and Surrey earlier in his career and more recently for Sussex.
In 2003, Mushtaq was the leading wicket taker in county cricket, finishing the season with 103 and inspiring Sussex to its first County Championship title. Following this, he was recalled by Pakistan but was soon dropped for being ineffective. In the 2004 season, Mushtaq was again the leading wicket taker in English county cricket with 84 scalps, but with Danish Kaneria's emergence as Pakistan's first-choice leg spinner, Mushtaq's international career was over.
In December 2006, the PCB appointed Mushtaq as assistant coach of the Pakistan team.[1] He acted as interim coach for team's final game of the 2007 World Cup following the death of Bob Woolmer.[2]
In 2006, Mushtaq (or "Mushy" as he is best known to Sussex fans) took 102 wickets as Sussex once more won the County Championship, as well as the C&G Trophy. He began the last Championship match of the season, against Nottinghamshire, on 89 wickets, but a haul of 13 in the match (including a career-best 9-48 in the second innings) took him past the hundred mark once again.
In 2007, Sussex won the County Championship for the second time in two years, again helped greatly by Mushtaq, who took 90 wickets.
Mushtaq Ahmed
Aamir Sohail
Aamir Sohail Biography
A combative left-hand opener, Aamir Sohail was a predominantly back-foot player whose forte was improvisation. He loved to attack, and almost found it impossible to control his aggression. He showed no fear, epitomised by his baiting of Venkatesh Prasad in a 1996 World Cup quarter-final in front of a hostile Bangalore crowd. He was an effective left-arm spinner, more a one-day bowler than a Test wicket-taker. Aamir played a big part in Pakistan's World Cup triumph in 1992, and famously told Ian Botham that he might want to send his mother-in-law in to bat after Botham was controversially given out for 0 in the final. He captained Pakistan at the height of the match-fixing controversy, and was one of the whistle-blowers. His career suffered as a result, and he left the international scene early to work in broadcasting, where he might have tried harder to suppress his personal prejudices.
He is currently the director media, PCB.
Aamir Sohail
Question:
Who, with 90 wickets in 2007, has been the leading wicket taker in County Cricket for the last five years?
Answer:
Mushstaq Ahmed
Passage:
Eggs Benedict
Eggs Benedict is an American brunch or breakfast dish that consists of two halves of an English muffin each of which is topped with Canadian bacon – or sometimes ham or bacon – a poached egg, and hollandaise sauce. The dish was first popularized in New York City.  Many variations on the basic recipe are served.

Origin 

There are conflicting accounts as to the origin of Eggs Benedict. 

In an interview recorded in the "Talk of the Town" column of The New Yorker in 1942, the year before his death,  Lemuel Benedict, a retired Wall Street stock broker, claimed that he had wandered into the Waldorf Hotel in 1894 and, hoping to find a cure for his morning hangover, ordered "buttered toast, poached eggs, crisp bacon, and a hooker of hollandaise". Oscar Tschirky, the famed maître d'hôtel, was so impressed with the dish that he put it on the breakfast and luncheon menus but substituted ham for the bacon and a toasted English muffin for the toast. Notes: This hasn't been verified at the source, but is instead taken from the letter to Karpf by Cutts Benedict and the page of J. J. Schnebel.

Another claim to the creation of Eggs Benedict was circuitously made by Edward P. Montgomery on behalf of Commodore E. C. Benedict. In 1967 Montgomery wrote a letter to then The New York Times food columnist Craig Claiborne which included a recipe he claimed to have received through his uncle, a friend of the commodore. Commodore Benedict's recipe — by way of Montgomery — varies greatly from chef Ranhofer's version,  particularly in the hollandaise sauce preparation — calling for the addition of "hot, hard-cooked egg and ham mixture". 

Variations

Several variations of Eggs Benedict exist.
* Eggs Blackstone substitutes streaky bacon for the ham and adds a tomato slice.   
* Eggs Blanchard substitutes Béchamel sauce for Hollandaise. 
* Eggs Florentine substitutes spinach for the ham or adds it underneath. "eggs Florentine ($3.95), eggs poached and topped with Hollandaise sauce, served on spinach and English muffin" Notes: Not directly verified. Viewed through Google News Archive snippet view.   Older versions of eggs Florentine add spinach to poached or shirred eggs.
* Eggs Mornay substitutes Mornay (cheese) sauce for the Hollandaise.
* Eggs Atlantic, Eggs Hemingway, or Eggs Copenhagen (also known as Eggs Royale and Eggs Montreal in New Zealand) substitutes salmon or smoked salmon for the ham. This is a common variation found in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United Kingdom. This is also known as "Eggs Benjamin" in some restaurants in Canada.
* Huevos Benedictos substitutes either sliced avocado or Mexican chorizo for the ham, and is topped with both a salsa (such as salsa roja or salsa brava) and hollandaise sauce.
* Eggs Hussarde substitutes Holland rusks for the English muffin and adds Bordelaise sauce. Notes: Located in New Orleans, Louisiana. Notes: Located in New York, New York.
* Irish Benedict replaces the ham with corned beef or Irish bacon. "Irish Benedict ($7.50): two poached Eggs and corned beef hash on an English muffin covered with hollandaise sauce" Notes: Not directly verified. Viewed through Google News Archive snippet view.  
* Dutch Benedict replaces the ham or bacon with scrapple. Popular in the eastern region of Pennsylvania. 
* Eggs Hebridean replaces the ham with black pudding,  often from Stornoway. 
* Eggs Cochon, a variation from New Orleans restaurants which replaces the ham with pork "debris" (slow roasted pork shredded in its own juices) and the English muffin with a large buttermilk biscuit.
Question:
If a dish is served 'Florentine' which vegetable will it contain?
Answer:
Paalak
Passage:
Allan Smethurst
Allan Francis Smethurst (19 November 1927  – 24 December 2000), aka The Singing Postman was an English folk singer and postman. He is best known for his self-penned novelty song, "Hev Yew Gotta Loight, Boy?", which earned him an Ivor Novello Award in 1966, and  "A Miss from Diss".

Life and career

Born in Walshaw, Lancashire, England,Eric Wainwright (1965) Daily Mirror 28 May p13 "The Postman who Swings into a £50-a-week Summer" the son of Allan and Gladys Mabel (née Curson),  Smethurst was raised in Sheringham, Norfolk. His mother came from the nearby village of Stiffkey. He later became a postman in Grimsby.

Smethurst hummed tunes on his daily post round for twelve years, writing and singing songs in his native Norfolk dialect. An audition tape sent to a BBC regional radio programme earned him a spot on Ralph Tuck's local radio show, and Tuck recorded Smethurst on his own record label, The Smallest Recording Organisation in the World, based in Lowestoft. A four track EP made the EP charts in 1965 and, after another EP release by Ralph Tuck, and an album The Singing Postman's Year, he was signed to EMI who re-released earlier songs and recorded new items. He made numerous live and promotional performances, including on Top of the Pops, but was afflicted by nerves and stage fright.

In 1966, the Singing Postman's best known hit "Hev Yew Gotta Loight, Boy?" won Smethurst the Ivor Novello Award for best novelty song of the year. Rolf Harris recorded a cover version without success. The song had a small comeback in 1994, when it was featured on a television commercial for Ovaltine.

Smethurst left the music industry in 1970, later admitting he had an alcohol problem and that he had spent all of his money and was penniless. He spent his last few years living quietly in a Salvation Army hostel in Grimsby, where he died from a heart attack in December 2000. 

In September 2010, a BBC Radio 4 programme, "In Search of the Singing Postman", was broadcast which was written and presented by D. J. Taylor. 

Discography

Albums

* The Singing Postman's Year (RTP) 
* Recorded Delivery (Parlophone, 1966) 
* The Sound Barrier (Parlophone, 1967) 
* The Best of the Singing Postman (Starline, 1967) 
* First Class Male (1971, Gemini) 
*Hev Yew Gotta Loight, Boy? (Parlophone, 2005) 

Singles and EPs

* "First Delivery EP" (EMI, 1966)  No. 7 UK EP chart 
* "Second Delivery EP" (Parlophone, 1966) 
* "Third Delivery EP" (Parlophone, 1966) 
* "Fourth Delivery EP" (Parlophone, 1966) 
* "Ladies Darts Team" / "Roundabout" (Parlophone, 1966) 
* "Mind How You Go" (Parlophone, 1967) 
* "Please Mr. Postman" (Parlophone, 1967) 
* "Fertilising Lisa" / "Ballad of A Ten Bob Note" (President PVK.005, 1977) 
* "Hey the Bottom Dropped Owt" (Ralph Tuck, 1997)
Question:
1960’s British singer Allan Smethurst was better known as ‘The Singing _ ‘what’?
Answer:
Mail-woman
Passage:
Old Folks at Home
"Old Folks at Home" (also known as "Swanee River", "Swanee Ribber" [from the original lyrics], or "Suwannee River") is a minstrel song written by Stephen Foster in 1851.  Since 1935 it has been the official state song of Florida, although in 2008 the original lyrics were expurgated.

Composition

"Old Folks at Home" in print was credited to E. P. Christy on early sheet music printings. Christy had paid Foster to be credited, which Foster himself had suggested but later came to regret.

Foster had composed most of the lyrics but was struggling to name the river of the opening line, and asked his brother to suggest one. The first suggestion was "Yazoo" (in Mississippi), which despite fitting the melody perfectly, was rejected by Foster. The second suggestion was "Pee Dee" (in South Carolina), to which Foster said, "Oh pshaw! I won't have that." His brother then consulted an atlas and called out "Suwannee!" Foster said, "That's it, exactly!" Adding it to the lyrics, he purposely misspelled it as "Swanee" to fit the melody. 

Foster himself never saw the Suwannee—or even visited Florida—but the popularity of the song stimulated tourism to Florida, to see the river.

Antonín Dvořák's Humoresque No. 7, written in the 1890s, is musically similar and is sometimes played along with "Old Folks at Home." The Library of Congress's National Jukebox presents a version with soprano Alma Gluck and violinist Efrem Zimbalist, Sr. 

Public Sentiment

Written in the first person from the perspective of an African slave (at a time when slavery was legal in 15 of the states of the US), the song's narrator states "longing for de old plantation,"
 which has criticism as romanticizing slavery, although Foster himself supported the North during the American Civil War and supported abolition of slavery. 

The word, "darkies," used in Foster's lyrics, has been amended, for example, "brothers" was sung in place of the offensive word at the dedication of the new Florida state capitol building in 1978.  In general, at public performances another word like "lordy," "mama," "darling," "brothers," "children," or "dear ones" is typically substituted.

The text is written in a dialect historically spoken by African slaves and standard American English — the former attested to as being in use as late as the 1940s, in the works of the African American folklorist from Florida, Zora Neale Hurston.

In practice, the pronunciation, as written in dialect, has long been disregarded in favor of the corresponding standard American English usage, as demonstrated by the song's performances at the 1955 Florida Folk Festival. 

State song of Florida

As the official state song of Florida, "Old Folks at Home" has traditionally been sung as part of a Florida governor's inauguration ceremony. However, over time, the lyrics were progressively altered to be less offensive; as Diane Roberts observed:
Florida got enlightened in 1978; we substituted "brothers" for "darkies."  There were subsequent revisions.  At Jeb Bush's second inauguration as governor in 2003, a young black woman gave a moving, nondialect rendition of "Old Folks at Home," except "still longing for the old plantation" came out "still longing for my old connection." Perhaps someone confused Stephen Foster's lyrics with a cell phone commercial.
 

In his 2007 inauguration ceremony, Charlie Crist decided to not include the state song, but rather to use in its place, "The Florida Song," a composition written by a black Floridian jazz musician, Charles Atkins. Crist then encouraged state Senator Tony Hill, who was the leader of the legislature's Black Caucus, to find a new song. Hill joined forces with state Representative Ed Homan and the Florida Music Educators Association to sponsor a contest for a new state song.

On January 11, 2008, the song "Florida (Where the Sawgrass Meets the Sky)" was selected as the winner. The Florida Legislature considered the issue and ultimately adopted it as the state anthem while retaining "Old Folks at Home" as the state song, replacing its original lyrics with a bowdlerized version approved by scholars at the Stephen Foster Memorial, University of Pittsburgh.  Governor Crist stated that he was not pleased by the "two songs" decision; but he signed the bill, creating a new state anthem and establishing the reworded version of the state song by statute, rather than by resolution like the 1935 decision.

Lyrics

"Old Folks at Home", by Stephen Foster, 1851

Way down upon de Swanee Ribber,
Far, far away,
Dere's wha my heart is turning ebber,
Dere's wha de old folks stay.
All up and down de whole creation
Sadly I roam,
Still longing for de old plantation,
And for de old folks at home.

Chorus
All de world am sad and dreary,
Eb-rywhere I roam;
Oh, darkeys, how my heart grows weary,
Far from de old folks at home!

2nd verse
All round de little farm I wandered
When I was young,
Den many happy days I squandered,
Many de songs I sung.
When I was playing wid my brudder
Happy was I;
Oh, take me to my kind old mudder!
Dere let me live and die.

3rd Verse
One little hut among de bushes,
One dat I love
Still sadly to my memory rushes,
No matter where I rove.
When will I see de bees a-humming
All round de comb?
When will I hear de banjo strumming,
Down in my good old home?
Question:
Who composed the songs “Old Folks at Home” and “Beautiful Dreamer”?
Answer:
Massa's in the Cold Ground
Passage:
Ross Kemp
Ross James Kemp (born 21 July 1964) is an English actor, author and BAFTA award-winning investigative journalist who rose to prominence in the role of Grant Mitchell in the BBC soap opera EastEnders. Since 2006, Kemp has received international recognition as an investigative journalist for his critically acclaimed and award-winning documentary series.

Acting career

Early career

After training at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art, Kemp received his Equity card when appearing alongside John Thaw and Richard Wilson at the Palace Theatre, Westcliff-on-Sea. He went on to feature in training films for the Ministry of Defence and the ITV soap opera Emmerdale Farm (now Emmerdale) as Graham Lodsworth. Guest appearances in London's Burning and Birds of a Feather followed, before getting a minor role in the 1987 film Playing Away alongside Neil Morrissey. 

EastEnders

Kemp's best-known role to date is that of hardman Grant Mitchell in the BBC soap opera EastEnders. Making his debut in February 1990, his character was often at the centre of major storylines, including abusive marriages to Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) and Tiffany Mitchell (Martine McCutcheon), as well as the "Sharongate" storyline, which saw brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) having an affair with Grant's wife.

Kemp announced in April 1999 that he would be leaving the soap later that year after nearly a decade. His exit was aired in October 1999 when his character moved to Brazil after surviving a car crash. Kemp refused to rule out an eventual return to EastEnders, and various media reports over the next few years speculated that he would be returning to the series at some stage. In early 2005, the BBC confirmed that Kemp would be returning to EastEnders later that year after six years away. It was co-star Barbara Windsor who convinced him to go back for a brief period.  His first comeback lasted just a few weeks from the late autumn of 2005, but he returned for a period of three months in 2006, before departing once again in June that year. Kemp has won various awards for his portrayal of Grant. 

In January 2016 it was confirmed that Kemp would make a brief return to the show for the death of Grant's on-screen mother, Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor), appearing in three episodes from 13 to 17 May.   Followed by an unannounced appearance on 4 July 2016 and later filmed a further three weeks which will air in late August.

Other roles

Following his initial departure from EastEnders, Kemp moved from the BBC to ITV for a reported £1.2 million two-year deal.  Kemp's first role for ITV was in Hero of the Hour. During its filming, on 27 October 1999, Kemp required hospital treatment after being shot in the face when a stunt went wrong. He suffered cuts to his chest and face after safety glass shattered, and was also hit in the face by the discharge from a blank round. He was treated at the scene by paramedics, but made a full recovery.

He also starred as the lead in ITV's Christmas edition of A Christmas Carol. He took the lead roles in the television series, Without Motive and In Defence in 2000, and in 2002's Ultimate Force, where he took the role of Army Staff sergeant Henry Garvie from the British Special Air Service. He continued to appear in this role until 2006. He also gained the role of "Cirra" in the 2004 TV film, Spartacus.

In 2005, Kemp appeared in an episode of BBC's Extras and in a two-part adaptation of the Gerald Seymour novel A Line in the Sand for ITV, and he has also presented, on The Friday Night Project and appeared as a stand in host on The Paul O'Grady Show (2007; 2008).

Kemp appeared in the 4th episode of Series 14 of BBC's motoring show Top Gear. He was the "Man in Boot" of a Renault Twingo Sport being tested by Jeremy Clarkson. The test ended with Clarkson driving the car off the quayside of Belfast Harbour, after which Clarkson joked that Kemp was killed. 

Writing

Kemp has written several books. Initially focusing on tie-ins to his various TV documentaries, 2011 saw the publication of his first fictional story, Devil to Pay. A novel, Moving Target, was released in summer 2012.

Politics

In 1999 Kemp was elected as Rector of the University of Glasgow as the candidate of the Glasgow University Labour Club, but resigned in 2000 after the Glasgow University Students' Representative Council passed a motion requesting him to do so.  Kemp was succeeded by Greg Hemphill. 

In August 2014, Kemp was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to The Guardian opposing Scottish independence in the run-up to September's referendum on that issue. 

Personal life

His mother Jean was a hairdresser and his father John was a Detective Chief Inspector in the police force. He has one brother, Darren, who is a filmmaker for the BBC. He attended Shenfield High School and the Webber Douglas Academy. 

On 11 June 2002 Kemp married Rebekah Wade, the then editor of The Sun. In November 2005 Wade was arrested following an alleged assault on her husband.  Kemp refused medical attention for a swollen lip and no action was taken.  In March 2009 Kemp and Wade divorced, and in October 2010, Kemp became a father to a baby boy by ex-partner Nicola Coleman who was his makeup artist. 

Ross Kemp married Renee O'Brien in 2012.  On 9 April 2015, Kemp announced via Twitter that he had become a father for the second time to a baby boy. 

Awards

Filmography

TV

Films
Question:
"In which TV comedy has fictional actor Andy Millman cried on ""Celebrity Big Brother,"" his agent Darren Lamb suggested anyone other than his only client for roles and Ross Kemp tried to steal sweets off the BBC?"
Answer:
Extras (disambiguation)
Passage:
Tail
The tail is the section at the rear end of an animal's body; in general, the term refers to a distinct, flexible appendage to the torso. It is the part of the body that corresponds roughly to the sacrum and coccyx in mammals, reptiles, and birds. While tails are primarily a feature of vertebrates, some invertebrates including scorpions and springtails, as well as snails and slugs, have tail-like appendages that are sometimes referred to as tails. Tailed objects are sometimes referred to as "caudate" and the part of the body associated with or proximal to the tail are given the adjective "caudal".

Function

Animal tails are used in a variety of ways. They provide a source of locomotion for fish and some other forms of marine life.  Many land animals use their tails to brush away flies and other biting insects.  Some species, including cats and kangaroos, use their tails for balance;   and some, such as New World monkeys and opossums, have what are known as prehensile tails, which are adapted to allow them to grasp tree branches. 

Tails are also used for social signaling. Some deer species flash the white underside of their tails to warn other nearby deer of possible danger,  beavers slap the water with their tails to indicate danger,  and canids (including domestic dogs) indicate emotions through the positioning and movement of their tails.  Some species' tails are armored, and some, such as those of scorpions, contain venom. 

Some species of lizard can detach ("cast") their tails from their bodies.  This can help them to escape predators, which are either distracted by the wriggling, detached tail or left with only the tail while the lizard flees. Tails cast in this manner generally grow back over time, though the replacement is typically darker in colour than the original. 

Most birds' tails end in long feathers called rectrices. These feathers are used as a rudder, helping the bird steer and maneuver in flight;  they also help the bird to balance while it is perched.   In some species—such as birds of paradise, lyrebirds, and most notably peafowl—modified tail feathers play an important role in courtship displays.   The extra-stiff tail feathers of other species, including woodpeckers and woodcreepers, allow them to brace themselves firmly against tree trunks. 

The tails of grazing animals, such as horses, are used both to sweep away insects and positioned or moved in ways that indicate the animal's physical or emotional state. 

Human tails

Human embryos have a tail that measures about one-sixth of the size of the embryo itself.  As the embryo develops into a fetus, the tail is absorbed by the growing body. Infrequently, a child is born with a ’"soft tail", which contains no vertebrae, but only blood vessels, muscles, and nerves, but this is regarded as an abnormality rather than a vestigial true tail, even when such an appendage is located where the tail would be expected.  

Humans have a "tail bone" (the coccyx) attached to the pelvis, formed of fused vertebrae, usually four, at the bottom of the vertebral column. It does not protrude externally.

Gallery

File:Scorpion tail.jpg|Scorpion
File:Pig tail DSC03974.jpg|Pig (Sus domestica)
File:Queue glyptodon museum dijo.jpg|Glyptodon (Glyptodon asper)
File:Lactoria cornuta (cola).006 - Aquarium Finisterrae.JPG|Longhorn cowfish (Lactoria cornuta)
File:La Palmyre 041-crop.jpg|Grévy's zebra (Equus grevyi)
File:Alligator Tail.jpg|American alligator (Alligator mississipiensis)
File:Flusspferd Backstage.JPG|Hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius)
Question:
What name is given to the tail of a rabbit or hare?
Answer:
Scut
Passage:
Gressingham
Gressingham is a small village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster  in the English county of Lancashire.  It is north of the River Lune and across the river from Hornby.  In the 2001 census, it had a population of 153. 

St John the Evangelist's Church was originally built in the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building.  It was partly rebuilt in 1734, and restored by Edward Paley in 1862. 

The Gressingham Duck was named after the village of Gressingham, having been first bred here in 1980 from a cross of mallards and Pekin ducks  However,  the exclusive right to breed Gressingham Ducks was bought by Gressingham Foods in 1996, and the ducks they now produce are all from their farms in East Anglia.
Question:
The exclusive right to breed Gressingham Ducks was bought by Gressingham Foods in 1996, and the ducks they now produce are all from their farms in East Anglia, however the village of Gressingham is in which Lancashire town or city?
Answer:
Lancaster
