Passage:
Mr and Mrs Clark and Percy
Mr and Mrs Clark and Percy is a painting by the British artist David Hockney.   Painted between 1970 and 1971, it depicts the fashion designer Ossie Clark and the textile designer Celia Birtwell shortly after their wedding at which Hockney was Clark's best man.  Hockney and Clark had been friends since the early 1960s. One of their cats sits on Ossie's knee (the cat in the painting was not in fact Percy — this was the name of one of their other cats — but Hockney thought Percy made a better title than Blanche, the cat he painted). The work is in acrylic on canvas, and measures  2170 x 3084mm in its frame. The painting featured in the final 10 of the Greatest Painting in Britain Vote in 2005, the only work by a living artist to do so. The painting is in the collection of the Tate Gallery.

Symbolism

Hockney drew on both The Arnolfini Portrait by Jan van Eyck and A Rake's Progress by William Hogarth in the symbolism and composition of the painting. A copy of Hockney's own interpretation of A Rake's Progress is seen on the wall. The positions of the two figures are reversed from the Arnolfini Portrait with the conclusion that Birtwell is the assertive partner. The lilies next to Birtwell, a symbol of female purity are also associated with depictions of the Annunciation (at the time of the portrait Birtwell was pregnant). The cat on Clark's lap is a symbol of infidelity and envy. In this case, Clark continued to have affairs which contributed to the breakdown of the marriage in 1974.
Question:
In the painting ‘Mr and Mrs Clark and Percy’ by David Hockney, who or what is Percy?
Answer:
C.A.T
Passage:
Galanthophile
A galanthophile is an enthusiastic collector of snowdrops (Galanthus species and cultivars).

Term 

The term galanthophile was probably invented by the noted British plantsman and garden writer E. A. Bowles (1865–1954) in a letter to his friend Oliver Wyatt, another keen collector of bulbs, whom he addressed as "Dear Galanthophil". Wyatt may have been the first person to whom the term was applied but he was by no means the first galanthophile; as well as Bowles himself there had been keen collectors of snowdrops since at least the mid 19th century. Many galanthophiles are commemorated in the names of snowdrop species or cultivars. Nurseryman James Atkins (1804–1884) of Northampton was one of the earliest, and the tall, early-flowering, robust Galanthus 'Atkinsii' is still widely grown: Canon Ellacombe of Bitton distributed 'Atkinsii' widely. 

Collectors

James Allen (1832–1906) of Shepton Mallet was probably the first person to raise hybrid snowdrops from seed made from deliberate crosses. In 1891 he reported that he grew every known species of Galanthus and had raised over 100 distinct seedlings, but much of his collection was lost to botrytis and narcissus fly soon afterward. At least two of his cultivars, G. 'Magnet' and G. 'Merlin', survive and are widely grown by collectors. He also raised hybrids which he called G. 'Galatea' and G. 'Robin Hood', but the plants now grown under those names today may not be the same as those he selected. Galanthus x allenii is a hybrid, of unknown origin, that appeared in a batch of G. latifolius (now called G. platyphyllus), which Allen had got from an Austrian supplier in 1883 (according to Bishop et al. it is more likely that the bulbs were another broad-leaved species, G. woronowii, often confused with G. platyphyllus). The bulbs were most probably collected in the Caucasus but G. ×allenii has never been found in the wild since then, so one can only speculate where the cross occurred and what other species may have been involved. It is a handsome plant with broad, greenish-grey foliage and fairly large flowers which smell of bitter almonds. Margery Fish at East Lambrook Manor was another enthusiast and popularizer of Galanthus nivalis and its varieties in the 1950s and 1960s. 

Notable modern galanthophiles include the late Primrose Warburg (1920–1996), after whom G. 'Primrose Warburg' is named: appropriately, it has yellow markings and a yellow ovary (primroses are generally yellow). She was married to the noted botanist E.F. Warburg. Several other fine snowdrops originated at her garden at South Hayes in Oxfordshire, including the unusual cultivar named G. 'South Hayes' which has strong green markings on the outer "petals" (actually tepals) of the flower.

Botanist Aaron Davis and gardeners Matt Bishop and John Grimshaw, authors of the works on which these notes are based, also qualify as galanthophiles.
Question:
What does a 'Galanthophile' collect?
Answer:
Snow drops
Passage:
Herpetology
Herpetology (from Greek "herpien" meaning "to creep") is the branch of zoology concerned with the study of amphibians (including frogs, toads, salamanders, newts, and caecilians (gymnophiona)) and reptiles (including snakes, lizards, amphisbaenids, turtles, terrapins, tortoises, crocodilians, and the tuataras).  Batrachology is a further subdiscipline of herpetology concerned with the study of amphibians alone.

Herpetology is concerned with poikilothermic, ectothermic tetrapods. Under this definition "herps" (or sometimes "herptiles" or "herpetofauna") exclude fish, but it is not uncommon for herpetological and ichthyological scientific societies to "team up", publishing joint journals and holding conferences in order to foster the exchange of ideas between the fields. One of the most prestigious organizations, the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, is an example of this. Many herpetological societies exist today, having been formed to promote interest in reptiles and amphibians both captive and wild.

Herpetology offers benefits to humanity in the study of the role of amphibians and reptiles in global ecology, especially because amphibians are often very sensitive to environmental changes, offering a visible warning to humans that significant changes are taking place. Some toxins and venoms produced by reptiles and amphibians are useful in human medicine. Currently, some snake venom has been used to create anti-coagulants that work to treat stroke victims and heart-attack cases.

Etymology

The word "herpetology" is from Greek: ἑρπετόν, herpeton, "creeping animal" and , -logia, "knowledge". People with an avid interest in herpetology and who keep different reptiles or amphibians often refer to themselves as "herpers". 

"Herp" is a vernacular term for reptiles and amphibians. It is derived from the old term "herpetile", with roots back to Linnaeus's classification of animals, in which he grouped reptiles and amphibians together in the same class. There are over 6700 species of amphibians  and over 9000 species of reptiles.  In spite of its modern taxonomic irrelevance, the term has persisted, particularly in the names of herpetology, the scientific study of reptiles and amphibians, and herpetoculture, the captive care and breeding of reptiles and amphibians.

Careers

Career options in the field of herpetology include, but are not limited to lab research, field studies and survey, zoological staff, museum staff and college teaching.

In modern academic science, it is rare for individuals to consider themselves a herpetologist first and foremost. Most individuals focus on a particular field such as ecology, evolution, taxonomy, physiology, or molecular biology, and within that field ask questions pertaining to or best answered by examining reptiles and amphibians. For example, an evolutionary biologist who is also a herpetologist may choose to work on an issue such as evolution of warning coloration in coral snakes.

Modern herpetological writers of note include Mark O'Shea and Philip Purser. Modern herpetological showmen of note include Jeff Corwin, Steve Irwin, popularly known as the "Crocodile Hunter", and the star Austin Stevens, popularly known as 'AustinSnakeman' in the TV series Austin Stevens: Snakemaster.

Study

Most colleges or universities do not offer a major in herpetology at the undergraduate or even the graduate level. Instead, persons interested in herpetology select a major in the biological sciences. The knowledge learned about all aspects of the biology of animals is then applied to an individual study of herpetology.
Question:
What would a herpetologist study
Answer:
Hepatic piston
Passage:
Shagreen
Shagreen is a type of rawhide consisting of rough untanned skin, formerly made from a horse's back or that of an onager (wild ass). Shagreen is now commonly made of the skins of sharks and rays.

The word derives from the French chagrin and is related to Italian zigrino and Venetian sagrin, derived from the Turkic sağrı / çağrı 'rump of a horse' or the prepared skin of this part. The roughness of its texture led to the French meaning of anxiety, vexation, embarrassment, or annoyance. 

Uses and preparation

Shagreen has an unusually rough and granular surface, and is sometimes used as a fancy leather for book bindings, pocketbooks and small cases, as well as its more utilitarian uses in the hilts and scabbards of swords and daggers, where slipperiness is a disadvantage. In Asia, the Japanese Tachi, Katana, and Wakizashi swords had their hilts almost always covered in undyed rawhide shagreen, while in China shagreen was traditionally used on Qing dynasty composite bows. Typically the ears and the spaces above and beneath the grip were covered by polished shagreen (in which the calcified papillae are reduced to equal height and form a uniform surface), sometimes with inlay work of different coloured shagreen. Shagreen was a very common cover for 19th century reading glasses containers as well as other utensil boxes from China.

The early horse-skin variety of shagreen was traditionally prepared by embedding plant seeds (often Chenopodium) in the untreated skin while soft, covering the skin with a cloth, and trampling them into the skin. When the skin was dry, the seeds were shaken off, leaving the surface of the leather covered with small indentations. Sources are not clear whether this was being done to imitate pearl ray-skin shagreen from East Asia or the technique was developed separately.

In the 17th and early 18th centuries, the term "shagreen" began to be applied to leather made from sharkskin or the skin of a rayfish (probably the pearled ray, Hypolophus sephen). This form is also termed sharkskin or galuchat. Such skins are naturally covered with round, closely set, calcified papillae called placoid scales, whose size is chiefly dependent on the age and size of the animal. These scales are ground down to give a roughened surface of rounded pale protrusions, between which the dye (again, typically green vegetable dye) shows when the material is coloured from the other side. This latter form of shagreen was first popularised in Europe by Jean-Claude Galluchat (d. 1774), a master leatherworker in the court of Louis XV of France. It quickly became a fashion amongst the French aristocracy, and migrated throughout Europe by the mid-18th century.

Since the 18th century Shagreen has typically been used for covering portable items such as luggage, toilet cases and other boxes, the hard and robust looking finish seeming to assure its reputation for standing up to rough handling; book coverings are also known as well as larger pieces of furniture. The water resistant qualities ascribed to the finish are probably why there are many toiletry cases and associated objects such as shaving kits, snuff boxes and other items of a personal nature. The restrained look of the skin was felt to be very suitable for men.

Items continued to be manufactured during the 19th century usually influenced by 18th century examples. There was a definite resurgence in items being made during the 1920s and 1930s, the lean hard finish and traditional pale green tone lent itself very well to the prevailing art-deco style. Many of these items are designed along modernist lines with little 18th century influence. A broad range of items date from this period including furniture and luggage.

In the 1970s Shagreen became fashionable again, partly due to the renewed interest in the Art-deco period. A range of items, including furniture such as small tables, have been manufactured since then, providing work for a the small number of craftspeople catering to the luxury market.

Medicine

In medicine, a shagreen patch is a patch of shagreen-like rough skin, often on the lower back, found in some people with the genetic condition tuberous sclerosis.
Question:
What type of covering,once often used on scientific instrument cases, is called 'Shagreen'?
Answer:
Sharkskin
Passage:
Susanthika Jayasinghe
Susanthika Jayasinghe (; Tamil: சுசந்திகா ஜயசிங்ஹ) (born December 17, 1975) is Sri Lankan sprint athlete specializing in the 100 and 200 metres. She is the winner of Olympic silver-medal for 100m event in 2000 summer Olympic. Known as Asian Black Mare, Jayasinghe is known as the best athlete to ever represent Sri Lanka in international level.

Jayasinghe was born in Uduwaka, Sri Lanka. Brought up in a poor family in a small village 60 kilometres north of Colombo, where running spikes cost more than the average month's wage, she had no access to proper sports equipment or coaches. Yet in spite of these underprivileged conditions she managed to progress to a standard where she could claim medals at both the Summer Olympics and IAAF World Championships in Athletics.

Jayasinghe is the first and only Asian to win an Olympic or world championship medal in any of 100 m, 200 m or 400 m sprint events.
As news of Susanthika Jayasinghe's World Championship achievement spread, almost all the people living in Atnawala village,  60 km from Colombo,  streamed in to Jayasinghes' tiny home to congratulate them on their daughter's remarkable feat.

Career

After her performance in the 200 m race at the 1997 World Championships she travelled to the United States of America to train. Along with Dhamyanthi Dharsha and Sugath Tillakaratne her athletics performances have lifted Sri Lanka to the international competitive level. In 2000 she became the nation's first Olympic medalist since 1948, when she finished behind Marion Jones and Pauline Davis-Thompson in the Women's 200 meters. On October 5, 2007 Marion Jones admitted to having been taking performance-enhancing drugs prior to the 2000 Summer Olympics, and Jayasinghe was later awarded the silver medal. 

Jayasinghe was suspended from competition in April 1998 for failing a drug test that she claimed was rigged due to her political beliefs and a falling out with a Sports Ministry official. She was later cleared of the offense. After returning home with her Olympic medal she was attacked by a male athlete because, she believed, she had been supporting former government members in an election campaign. With no support from her national athletics association she had to go heavily into debt to even reach the 2000 Olympics but after her medal achievement there she was supported by a national fundraising drive in her homeland. In spite of that she left her home country to live in Los Angeles.  She currently lives, however, in Sri Lanka. She told some of her story during a press conference for the women's 200 m medalists at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, when she was asked if her country would be proud of her. In a quiet voice, she said:

"I can't explain. You wouldn't understand. They give me, trouble, trouble, trouble. I give them bronze medal. It'll make them sad... It was trouble with me. Doping and sexual harassment."

She then went on to speak of officials coming to her house, giving her a drug test and refusing to seal the urine specimen with her watching. She refused to sign the release. Later they told her she had tested positive for nandrolone. By the time she was cleared, she was no longer welcome by her country's sporting establishment. 

She visited Los Angeles to train with Nagalingam Ethirveerasingam (Asian Games Gold Medalist in high jump in 1958, and two time Olympian in high jump – in 1952 and 1956). Shortly thereafter, she won gold medals in the 100 m and 200 m at the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships in Jordan and a bronze medal in the 200 m race at the 2007 IAAF World Championships. It was her first World Championship medal in 10 years. On 13 August 2007 she was ranked by the IAAF as 18th in the World for the 100 m sprint and 20th in the World for the 200 m sprint.

On February 5, 2009, Jayasinghe announced her retirement from sports  in order to focus on becoming a mother.  On March 31, 2009, she gave birth to a baby boy. 

In November 2010 she announced her plan to return to competition.  

Personal bests

Achievements
Question:
Sprint events at the Olympics are usually dominated by countries from the western hemisphere. As of 2012, Susanthika Jayasinghe is the first and only Asian to win an Olympic medal in any of 100 m, 200 m or 400 m sprint events. What country did she represent?
Answer:
Sri Lanka government
Passage:
Chilham Castle
Chilham Castle is a manor house and keep in the village of Chilham, between Ashford and Canterbury in the county of Kent, England.  

History

The polygonal keep of the Norman Castle, the oldest building in the village, dates from 1174 and is still inhabited. It was said to have been built for King Henry II. But archaeological excavations carried out in the 1920s suggest that it stands on the foundations of a much older Anglo-Saxon fortification, possibly dating from the fifth century, and there is evidence of earlier Roman habitation in the vicinity. In June 1320, Chilham Castle was the venue for a splendid reception hosted by  Bartholomew de Badlesmere for Edward II and his entourage when they were travelling to Dover en route for France. 

The Jacobean building, within sight of the "Old Castle" (the keep), was completed in 1616 for Sir Dudley Digges on a hexagonal plan, with five angled ranges and the sixth left open. It has battlemented parapets, clustered facetted brick chimneys and corner towers with squared ogee cappings. The Victorian tradition that this bold but vernacular house was designed by Inigo Jones  is not credited by architectural historians.  Indeed, Nicholas Stone, a master mason who had worked under Jones' direction at Holyrood Palace in 1616, and at the Whitehall Banqueting House, was commissioned to add a funerary chapel to Chilham church for Sir Dudley Digges, to contain Stone's funerary monument to Lady Digges, in 1631-32;  if any traces of the manner of Jones were discernible at Chilham Castle, Nicholas Stone might be considered as a candidate.  It is, nevertheless, one of the finer mansions in the south-east of England and commands exceptional views across the valley of the River Stour, Kent. 

The gardens, said originally to have been laid out by John Tradescant the elder, were redesigned twice in the eighteenth century. First, under the London banker James Colebrooke  (who bought the estate from the Digges family) fine vistas were created stretching to the river and then, under Thomas Heron (who acquired the estate from Colebrooke's son Robert),  Capability Brown made further recommendations for change, some of which were implemented. Chilham Castle was purchased by James Wildman in 1794  and in 1816 was inherited by his son James Beckford Wildman, who sold it in 1861, because of falling income after emancipation of the slaves on the family estates in the West Indies. Plans of Chilham showing some of the substantial changes made to the building by David Brandon for Charles Stewart Hardy in 1862 and by Sir Herbert Baker for mining magnate Sir Edmund and Lady (Mary) Davis in the early nineteen twenties are conserved in the Victoria & Albert Museum. 

The present terracing, altered in the eighteenth and twentieth centuries, leads down to a fishing lake dating from the time of Charles Stewart Hardy in the 1860s and 70s. The walls to the grounds date mostly from the eighteenth century, although the two gatehouses were only added in the early 1920s, again replacing a very different 19th century one.

From 1949 until his death in 1992 it was owned by the Hon. John Clotworthy Talbot Foster Whyte-Melville Skeffington  Chilham Castle is currently owned by UKIP activist Stuart Wheeler, who lives there with his wife Tessa and his three daughters, Sarah, Jacquetta, and Charlotte.

The site now hosts the Chilham Park Equestrian Centre.

In 1965 it was used for part of the filming of The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders starring Kim Novak, Leo McKern and Angela Lansbury. In 1985 Chilham Castle featured in an episode of 1980s police drama Dempsey & Makepeace as Makepeace's family home (filmed summer 1984). The episode was titled 'Cry God For Harry' and most of the hour-long episode was filmed in the castle and its grounds.  It also featured in the first episode in 1989 of the ITV adventure game show Interceptor produced by Chatsworth Television who were responsible for the earlier Treasure Hunt series. A medieval joust was being held there and a contestant was required to take part in order to progress further in the show.
In 1994, the castle featured in an episode of Agatha Christie's Poirot (ITV), as Simeon Lee's manor house Gorston Hall. It was also used in the TV film, "The Moving Finger" (Miss Marple) as the magnificent home of Cardew Pye - a character. The entire village also features..
Question:
In which English county is Chilham Castle?
Answer:
Garden of england
Passage:
Daniel Jones (musician)
Daniel Jones (born 22 July 1973) is an English-born Australian musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is best known for being a member of the successful Australian pop duo Savage Garden, whose international hit singles included the songs "I Want You", "To the Moon and Back", "Truly Madly Deeply", "I Knew I Loved You", and "Crash and Burn". Since Savage Garden split in 2001, Jones has launched his own production company (Meridien Musik) and a recording studio (Level 7 Studios), and now works with various new, young Australian artists.

Personal life

Jones was born at Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England, but his family moved to Australia when he was less than a year old. The Jones family settled down in Australia at Brisbane in Queensland, where Daniel grew up as the youngest of three boys.

In 2000, Jones met Kathleen de Leon, a member of successful children's group Hi-5, at the 42nd Annual TV Week Logie Awards. Jones proposed to de Leon on his 30th birthday at the GPO Bar in Brisbane.  Jones wed de Leon at Avica Weddings and Resort on the Gold Coast in Queensland on 9 October 2005. 

As of July 2015, Jones, de Leon and their two children reside in Las Vegas. 

Musical career

Early career

Jones was about 18 years old when he was in a band called Red Edge with his brother and some friends, but the band needed a singer. Jones put an advertisement in the local Brisbane music paper, Time Off, looking for a suitable singer. Darren Hayes responded to the ad and became their singer. Hayes got tired of performing other people's songs and he was ready to quit Red Edge, whereas Jones wanted to create his own music. Both decided to leave the band, and began to pursue a career together, marking the beginning of Savage Garden.

Savage Garden

The other half of the pair, Darren Hayes, wrote the lyrics and melodies, performed all of the vocals, while Jones mostly provided instrumental backing. However, Jones's voice is heard in a few demo songs – such as "Aubergine Girl" – and in the countdown in "To the Moon and Back".

Hayes and Jones wrote and performed all of their own music and had a global hit with "Truly Madly Deeply" in 1998 and "I Knew I Loved You" in 2000. Originally, both men travelled the world to promote their first album as well as perform singles. As travel strain and other issues began to take their toll on Jones, he decided that he was not comfortable with the press junket circuits and the intense scrutiny from fans and media that came with them, and informed the band's manager that he wanted to leave. As a result, Hayes agreed to take on the lion's share of the promotional duties for the band until the release of their second album. The duo eventually split up in 2001. 

After Savage Garden

In 2001, Jones began assisting an Australian band, named Aneiki, the group consisting of Jennifer Waite and Grant Wallis. They were the first band to be signed to the music label Jones had started under the name Meridien Musik. Waite was one of the backing vocalists who traveled with Savage Garden during the Future of Earthly Delites tour for the first, self-titled Savage Garden album. Jones helped produce their first album Words in Place of Objects and co-wrote four album tracks with Jennifer; "Dearest", "She Says", "Saving Grace", "Feel This Fool", and the B-side "Sugarlust".

In 2002, Jones worked with another Australian duo, called Bachelor Girl, to co-write a song called "Falling" for their second album, Dysfunctional. In 2004, Jones helped produce for Australian pop-rock musician Julie Strickland and the Australian act The Wish (Peter Freebairn and Bill Kio) for their respective debut albums.

In a July 2015 interview, Jones revealed he has since left the music industry and currently works in Real Estate where he sells and maintains properties in Las Vegas, where he also lives with his wife and two children.
Question:
What did Daniel Jones and Darren Hayes call themselves when they got into the charts
Answer:
Savage Garden
Passage:
There Be Whales Capt'n! - Ripley's Believe It or Not!
There Be Whales Capt'n! - Ripley's Believe It or Not!
Otelo — October 21, 2011
Sperm Whale Teeth Carvings
Scrimshaw is the name given to handiwork created by whalers made from the byproducts of harvesting marine mammals. It is most commonly made out of the bones and teeth of sperm whales, the baleen of other whales, and the tusks of walruses.
Scrimshaw carvings
It takes the form of elaborate engravings in the form of pictures and lettering on the surface of the bone or tooth, with the engraving highlighted using a pigment, or, less often, small sculptures made from the same material. However the latter really fall into the categories of ivory carving, for all carved teeth and tusks, or bone carving.
The making of scrimshaw began on whaling ships between 1745 to 1759 on the Pacific Ocean, and survived until the ban on commercial whaling.
 
Narwhals: The Unicorns of the Sea
The Narwhal (scientific name: Monodon monoceros) is one of two species of cetaceans in the family of white whales (Monodontidae); the other being the Beluga.
A pod of narwhals
“Believe it or Not the Narwhal’s tusk are the only thing in nature that spiral counter-clock-wise, every thing else spirals clock-wise”Famous for its unicorn-like single tusk, Narwhals have inspired legends in many cultures and throughout history have been revered across the world.
The tusk is just an overgrown left tooth, since narwhals only have two teeth. Only males grow the unicorn-like tusk.
Question:
What name is given to the handiwork made from the byproducts of harvesting marine mammals?
Answer:
Scrimshaw
Passage:
Calcium carbide
Calcium carbide is a chemical compound with the chemical formula of CaC2. Its main use industrially is in the production of acetylene and calcium cyanamide.

The pure material is colorless, however pieces of technical-grade calcium carbide are grey or brown and consist of about 80–85% of CaC2 (the rest is CaO (calcium oxide), Ca3P2 (calcium phosphide), CaS (calcium sulfide), Ca3N2 (calcium nitride), SiC (silicon carbide), etc.). In the presence of trace moisture, technical-grade calcium carbide emits an unpleasant odor reminiscent of garlic. 

Applications of calcium carbide include manufacture of acetylene gas, and for generation of acetylene in carbide lamps; manufacture of chemicals for fertilizer; and in steelmaking.

Production

Calcium carbide is produced industrially in an electric arc furnace from a mixture of lime and coke at approximately 2200 °C. This method has not changed since its invention in 1892:
CaO + 3 C → CaC2 + CO

The high temperature required for this reaction is not practically achievable by traditional combustion, so the reaction is performed in an electric arc furnace with graphite electrodes. The carbide product produced generally contains around 80% calcium carbide by weight. The carbide is crushed to produce small lumps that can range from a few mm up to 50 mm. The impurities are concentrated in the finer fractions. The CaC2 content of the product is assayed by measuring the amount of acetylene produced on hydrolysis. As an example, the British and German standards for the content of the coarser fractions are 295 L/kg and 300 L/kg respectively (at 101 kPa pressure and 20 °C temperature). Impurities present in the carbide include phosphide, which produces phosphine when hydrolysed.[http://www.mrw.interscience.wiley.com/emrw/9783527306732/ueic/article/a04_533/current/pdf Calcium Carbide], Bernhard Langhammer, Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, Wiley Interscience. (Subscription required)

This reaction was an important part of the industrial revolution in chemistry, and was made possible in the USA as a result of massive amounts of inexpensive hydroelectric power produced at Niagara Falls before the turn of the 20th century. 

The method for the production in an electric arc furnace was discovered in 1892 by T. L Willson and independently by H. Moissan in the same year.   

Crystal structure

Pure calcium carbide is a colourless solid. The common crystalline form at room temperature is a distorted rock-salt structure with the C22− units lying parallel.

Applications

Production of acetylene

The reaction of calcium carbide with water, producing acetylene and calcium hydroxide, was discovered by Friedrich Wöhler in 1862.
CaC2 + 2 H2O → C2H2 + Ca(OH)2

This reaction was the basis of the industrial manufacture of acetylene, and is the major industrial use of calcium carbide.

At high temperatures, CaC2 reacts with water vapor to give calcium carbonate, carbon dioxide and hydrogen.

Today acetylene is mainly manufactured by the partial combustion of methane or appears as a side product in the ethylene stream from cracking of hydrocarbons. Approximately 400,000 tonnes are produced this way annually (see Acetylene Preparation).

In China, acetylene derived from calcium carbide remains a raw material for the chemical industry, in particular for the production of polyvinyl chloride. Locally produced acetylene is more economical than using imported oil.  Production of calcium carbide in China has been increasing. In 2005 output was 8.94 million tons, with the capacity to produce 17 million tons. 

In the USA, Europe, and Japan, consumption of calcium carbide is generally declining.  Production levels in the USA in 1990s were 236,000 tons per year.

Production of calcium cyanamide

Calcium carbide reacts with nitrogen at high temperature to form calcium cyanamide:
CaC2 + N2 → CaCN2 + C
Commonly known as nitrolim, calcium cyanamide is used as fertilizer. It is hydrolysed to cyanamide, H2NCN.

Steelmaking

Calcium carbide is used:
* in the desulfurisation of iron (pig iron, cast iron and steel)
* as a fuel in steelmaking to extend the scrap ratio to liquid iron, depending on economics.
* as a powerful deoxidizer at ladle treatment facilities.

Carbide lamps

Calcium carbide is used in carbide lamps. Water dripping on carbide produces acetylene gas, which burns and produces light. While these lamps gave steadier and brighter light than candles, they were dangerous in coal mines, where flammable methane gas made them a serious hazard. The presence of flammable gases in coal mines led to miner safety lamps such as the Davy lamp, in which a wire gauze reduces the risk of methane ignition. Carbide lamps were still used extensively in slate, copper, and tin mines where methane is not a serious hazard. Most miner's lamps have now been replaced by electric lamps.

Carbide lamps are still used for mining in some less wealthy countries, for example in the silver mines near Potosí, Bolivia. Carbide lamps are also still used by some cavers exploring caves and other underground areas,  although they are increasingly being replaced in this use by LED lights.

Carbide lamps were also used extensively as headlights in early automobiles, motorcycles and bicycles, but have been replaced entirely by electric lamps. 

Other uses

In the artificial ripening of fruit, calcium carbide is sometimes used as source of acetylene gas, which is a ripening agent similar to ethylene.IUPAC name ethene, chemical formula of C2H4  However, this is illegal in some countries because consumption of fruits artificially ripened using calcium carbide can cause serious health problems in those who partake them.  

Calcium carbide is used in toy cannons such as the Big-Bang Cannon, as well as in bamboo cannons.

Calcium carbide, together with calcium phosphide, is used in floating, self-igniting naval signal flares, such as those produced by the Holmes' Marine Life Protection Association.
Question:
What gas is produced when water is added to calcium carbide?
Answer:
H2C2
