Passage:
490 BC
Year 490 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Camerinus and Flavus (or, less frequently, year 264 Ab urbe condita). The denomination 490 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.

Events 

By place 

Greece 

* Darius I sends an expedition, under Artaphernes and Datis the Mede across the Aegean to attack the Athenians and the Eretrians. Hippias, the aged ex-tyrant of Athens, is on one of the Persian ships in the hope of being restored to power in Athens.
* When the Ionian Greeks in Asia Minor rebelled against Persia in 499 BC, Eretria joined Athens in sending aid to the rebels. As a result, Darius makes a point of punishing Eretria during his invasion of Greece. The city is sacked and burned and Darius enslaves its inhabitants. He intends the same fate for Athens.
* September 12 – The Battle of Marathon takes place as a Persian army of more than 20,000 men is advised by Hippias to land in the Bay of Marathon, where they meet the Athenians supported by the Plataeans. The Persians are repulsed by 11,000 Greeks under the leadership of Callimachus and Miltiades. Some 6,400 Persians are killed at a cost of 192 Athenian dead. Callimachus, the war-archon of Athens, is killed in the battle. After the battle, the Persians return home.
* Before the Battle of Marathon, the Athenians send a runner, Pheidippides, to seek help from Sparta. However, the Spartans delay sending troops to Marathon because religious requirements (the Carnea) mean they must wait for the full moon.
* The Greek historian Herodotus, the main source for the Greco-Persian Wars, mentions Pheidippides as the messenger who runs from Athens to Sparta asking for help, and then runs back, a distance of over 240 kilometres  each way.  After the battle, he runs back to Athens to spread the news and raise the spirits. It is claimed that his last words before collapsing and dying in Athens are "Chairete, nikomen" ("Rejoice, we are victorious").
* Hippias dies at Lemnos on the journey back to Sardis after the Persian defeat.
* Cleomenes I is forced to flee Sparta when his plot against Demaratus is discovered, but the Spartans allow him to return when he begins gathering an army in the surrounding territories. However, by this time he has become insane, and the Spartans put him in prison. Shortly after, he commits suicide. He is succeeded as King of Sparta by a member of the Agiad house, his half-brother, Leonidas.

By topic 

Architecture 

* The Athenians begin the building of a temple to Athena Parthenos (approximate date).
* Stelae are once again allowed in Athenian cemeteries, having been banned since 510 BC.

Births 

* Empedocles, Greek philosopher (d. c. 430 BC)
* Zeno of Elea, Greek philosopher (d. c. 430 BC)

Deaths 

* Hippias, tyrant of Athens
* Callimachus, war-archon of Athens
* Appius Claudius Sabinus Regillensis, legendary founder of the Claudia gens
Question:
In 490BC Pheidippides ran fatally from Athens to Sparta to ask for help in the Battle of 'Where'?
Answer:
Marathon (race)
Passage:
Church of the Savior on Blood
The Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood () is one of the main sights of St. Petersburg, Russia. Other names include the Church on Spilled Blood (), the Temple of the Savior on Spilled Blood (), and the Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ ().

This Church was built on the site where Emperor Alexander II was fatally wounded in March 1881.The church was built between 1883 and 1907. The construction was funded by the imperial family. 

History 

Construction began in 1883 during the reign of Alexander III. The church was dedicated to be a memorial to his father, Alexander II.   Estimates suggest that the construction cost 4.5 million rubles. The construction was completed during the reign of Nicholas II in 1907. Funding was provided by the Imperial family with the support of many private donors.

The Church is prominently situated along the Griboedov Canal; paved roads run along both sides of the canal. On March 13, 1881 (Julian date: March 1), as Tsar Alexander's carriage passed along the embankment, a grenade thrown by an anarchist conspirator exploded. The tsar, shaken but unhurt, got out of the carriage and started to remonstrate with the presumed culprit. A second conspirator took the chance to throw another bomb, killing himself and mortally wounding the tsar. The tsar, bleeding heavily, was taken back to the Winter Palace where he died a few hours later.

A temporary shrine was erected on the site of the attack while plans and fundraising for a more permanent memorial were undertaken. In order to build a permanent shrine on the exact spot where the assassination took place, it was decided to narrow the canal so that the section of road on which the tsar had been driving could be included within the walls of the church.  An elaborate shrine was constructed at the end of the church opposite the altar, on the exact place of Alexander's death.  It is embellished with topaz, lazurite and other semi-precious stones, making a striking contrast with the simple cobblestones of the old road, which are exposed in the floor of the shrine. 

Architecture

Architecturally, the Cathedral differs from St. Petersburg's other structures. The city's architecture is predominantly Baroque and Neoclassical, but the Savior on Blood harks back to medieval Russian architecture in the spirit of romantic nationalism.  It intentionally resembles the 17th-century Yaroslavl churches and the celebrated St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. 

The Church contains over 7500 square meters of mosaics—according to its restorers, more than any other church in the world. This record may be surpassed by the Cathedral Basilica of St. Louis, which houses 7700 square meters of mosaics.
The interior was designed by some of the most celebrated Russian artists of the day—including Viktor Vasnetsov, Mikhail Nesterov and Mikhail Vrubel — but the church's chief architect, Alfred Alexandrovich Parland, was relatively little-known (born in St. Petersburg in 1842 in a Baltic-German Lutheran family). Perhaps not surprisingly, the Church's construction ran well over budget, having been estimated at 3.6 million rubles but ending up costing over 4.6 million. The walls and ceilings inside the Church are completely covered in intricately detailed mosaics — the main pictures being biblical scenes or figures — but with very fine patterned borders setting off each picture.

Russian Revolution of 1917

In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, the church was ransacked and looted, badly damaging its interior. The Soviet government closed the church in 1932.   During the Second World War when many people were starving due to the Siege of Leningrad by Nazi German military forces, the church was used as a temporary morgue for those who died in combat and from starvation and illness. The church suffered significant damage. After the war, it was used as a warehouse for vegetables, leading to the sardonic name of Saviour on Potatoes.

Modern usage 

In July 1970, management of the Church passed to Saint Isaac's Cathedral and it was used as a museum. The proceeds from the Cathedral funded the restoration of the Church. It was reopened in August 1997,  after 27 years of restoration, but has not been reconsecrated and does not function as a full-time place of worship. The Church of the Saviour on Blood is a Museum of Mosaics. In the pre-Revolution period it was not used as a public place of worship. The church was dedicated to the memory of the assassinated tsar and only panikhidas (memorial services) took place. The Church is now one of the main tourist attractions in St. Petersburg.

Holy Gates 

In 2005 the State Museum of St.Isaac's Cathedral began a new project for the recreation of the Holy Gates (permanently lost in the 1920s during the Soviet period). Entirely produced with enamels and based on the pictures and lithographies of the time, the new Holy Gates have been designed by V. J. Nikolsky and S. G. Kochetova, while famous enamel artist L. Solomnikova and her atelier have been assigned the task to produce the Holy Gates, whose reconsecration has been celebrated by Orthodos bishop Amvrosij of Gatchina on 14 March 2012, the 129th anniversary of Alexander II's assassination. 

Cultural references

The church appears on the cover of the 2011 contemporary classical album Troika.
Question:
The Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood, built on the site of the assassination of Tsar Alexander II, is in which Russian city?
Answer:
St Petersb.
Passage:
Different Types of Arabica Coffee - CoffeeAM.com
Different Types of Arabica Coffee
Different Types of Arabica Coffee
Different Types of Arabica Coffee
There are different types of Arabica coffee beans called cultivars, all of which are known for their different flavors and attributes. Although some cultivars thrive better under some geographical conditions than others, they do not refer to the region in which the particular coffee is grown. Instead, they are a result of botanical variety when different species or sub species are interbred. 
Of the many cultivars that are in existence, some of the most popular ones are mentioned below:
Typica: This cultivar can be grown in any coffee producing region. It is the cultivar from which many other cultivars have been developed. Typica coffee trees have a main trunk with secondary trunks that grow slightly slanted. The lateral branches form an angle of about 50–70° with the vertical stem to give the tree an overall conical shape. Although typica coffee trees are low yielding, they nonetheless produce a delicious, high-quality beans.
Bourbon: There are many variants of bourbon; like Typica, a lot of cultivars were developed from Bourbon. Originally developed by the French in 1708, this particular plant was cultivated on an island in the Indian Ocean called “Bourbon” now known as Reunion. Bourbon has broader leaves and larger cherries than Typica. Like typica, it is also a conical-shaped plant. Bourbon produces 20–30% more fruit than Typica and it produces a rich tasting brew.
Caturra: Discovered in Brazil, and named after the town in which it was discovered, this cultivar is an altered version of Bourbon. Although it was discovered in Brazil, it thrives better in Colombia and South America to produce a vibrant brew with a zesty essence. Like Bourbon, it has broad waxy leaves with wavy edges; however, it is shorter with a thick and bushy appearance. Although Caturra has a higher yield than Bourbon, it produces a lighter brew and requires a lot of care in order to thrive.
Catuai: This cultivar was a result of a cross between Caturra and Mundo Novo. Like Caturra, Catuai is a short and bushy plant that produces a high yield. Catuai requires a lot of attention and fertilization to thrive, and it yields yellow or red cherries that produce a fruit-like taste.
Mundo Novo: This is a hybrid that was formed in the 1940s as a result of the crossing of Bourbon coffee and Typica coffee. This high yielding cultivar is resistant to many diseases, and its harvest comes a bit later than other types of coffee.
Blue Mountain: Grown in Jamaica, this cultivar came about as a variety of Typica coffee and is known for its resistance to the coffee berry disease. Blue Mountain coffee thrives at high altitudes and is commonly grown on the Blue Mountains of Jamaica after which it is named. 
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST Get in the Grind with Our Latest News, Special Offers and Coupons!
JOIN
Question:
What are Blue Mountain, Caturra, and Mocca types of?
Answer:
Kawha
Passage:
Trafalgar Square Christmas tree
The Trafalgar Square Christmas tree is a Christmas tree donated to the people of Britain by the city of Oslo, Norway each year since 1947. The tree is prominently displayed in Trafalgar Square from the beginning of December until 6 January.

History

The Trafalgar Square Christmas tree has been an annual gift to the people of Britain by the city of Oslo as a token of gratitude for British support to Norway during the Second World War. 

The tree has provided a central focus for the Trafalgar Square traditional carol-singing programme, performed by different groups raising money for voluntary or charitable organisations.

The tree remains until just before the Twelfth Night of Christmas, when it is taken down for recycling. The tree is chipped and composted, to make mulch."[http://www.london.gov.uk/trafalgarsquare/events/xmas.jsp Christmas in Trafalgar Square]", Greater London Assembly, official site, 2008, accessed 26 March 2009.

Tree

The Trafalgar Square Christmas tree is typically a 50- to 60-year-old Norway spruce, generally over 20 metres tall. The tree is cut sometime in Norway in November during a ceremony attended by the British Ambassador to Norway, Mayor of Oslo, and Lord Mayor of Westminster. After the tree is cut, it is shipped to the UK by boat across the sea. At one time it was shipped to Felixstowe free of charge by a cargo ship of the Fred Olsen Line. As of at least 2007, the tree was shipped across the North Sea to Immingham by DFDS Tor Line.Strange, Hannah. "[http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/photo_galleries/article3011415.ece The Trafalgar Christmas Tree]" The Times, (London), 6 December 2007, accessed 26 March 2009. From 2003, it has been the responsibility of Beck & Pollitzer Ltd. to transport, guard and erect the tree in Trafalgar Square.

The Trafalgar Square tree is decorated in a traditional Norwegian style and adorned with 500 white lights."[http://www.westminster.gov.uk/councilgovernmentanddemocracy/councils/pressoffice/news/pr-4569.cfm Trafalgar Square Christmas tree marks the start of Christmas in Westminster]", City of Westminster, 8 December 2008, accessed 26 March 2009. In 2008, the tree utilised low-wattage halogen bulbs which used 3.5 kW of power.

At the base of the tree stands a plaque, bearing the words:
This tree is given by the city of Oslo as a token of Norwegian gratitude to the people of London for their assistance during the years 1940-45.A tree has been given annually since 1947.

Lighting ceremony and carolling

The tree lighting ceremony in Trafalgar Square takes place on the first Thursday in December and is attended by thousands of people. The ceremony, led by the Lord Mayor of Westminster, includes a band and choir followed by the switching on of the Christmas lights.

Traditionally, the tree provides a focal point for Christmas carolling groups.Baker, Margaret. Discovering Christmas Customs and Folklore: A Guide to Seasonal Rites, ([http://books.google.com/books?id
7fttUemH6ekC&pgPA50&dq
famous+christmas+trees&clientfirefox-a#PPA50,M1 Google Books]), Osprey Publishing, 1992, p. 50,(ISBN 0747801754). For many in London, the tree and the accompanying carolling signals the countdown to Christmas.

Since 2009, the Poetry Society has commissioned new poems annually for display on banners around the base of the tree. In 2010, schoolchildren also performed one of the poems at the lighting-up ceremony.
Question:
London's Trafalgar Square Christmas tree is traditionally given by which country?
Answer:
Norvège
Passage:
HM Prison Maidstone
HM Prison Maidstone is a Category C men's prison, located in Maidstone, Kent, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.

History

Maidstone Prison is one of the oldest penal institutions in the United Kingdom, having been in operation for over 200 years. 

Originally serving as a county jail, Maidstone was converted to a prison during the 1740s. During his visits to the prison, reformer John Howard reported poor living conditions at the prison including overcrowding and poor ventilation. However, conditions would remain unchanged until a reconstruction of the prison took place under the supervision of Daniel Asher Alexander, who had worked on the construction of Dartmoor Prison, lasting from 1811 until its completion in 1819 at a cost of £200,000.  Also involved in the design of Maidstone Prison was Kent architect John Whichcord Snr, who was Surveyor to the County of Kent from the 1820s.  Mr Whichcord is probably best known for designing the Kent County Lunatic Asylum in the 1830s, also in Maidstone, and similarities between the two buildings are apparent.

Constructed using Kentish Ragstone from a local quarry, the original design of the prison was intended to house 552 prisoners, including 62 female inmates. The first 141 prisoners arrived in March 1819. 

Over the next decade, additions to the prison were made including a courthouse in 1826 as well as individual cells, dayrooms, courtyards and offices attributed to suggestions made by Howard. Other reforms later included a strictly enforced segregation of prisoners by offence and the general improvement of living conditions such as improving the water supply, sanitation and ventilation systems, many of these renovations were made with prison labour over the course of the century. 

By the late 20th century, the only remaining signs of the original prison are the large and small roundhouses, the Weald Wing, the Administrative Block, the Training Complex, the Visits Building and the perimeter wall. 

Reggie Kray married Roberta Jones in Maidstone prison on July 14, 1997 

Jonathan King was an inmate from 2001-2005. 

In August, 2007 Weald Wing was closed when Legionella bacteria was discovered in the water supply. Approximately 80 prisoners were dispersed to other prisons. 
At the end of January, 2009 it was announced that the prison would become a sex offenders' unit. 

Present-day

Maidstone accommodates foreign national prisoners convicted of a range of offences; many are deported at the end of their sentence. The prison is classed as a "training prison" and it includes a print shop and brick works. A good deal of work is carried out on the gardens, they frequently win awards, and a new environmental garden area is being developed.

Media appearances

The exterior of Maidstone Prison was shown in the title sequence (and some episodes) of the 1970s BBC comedy series Porridge and the 1990s BBC comedy series Birds of a Feather.
Question:
Who married Roberta Jones in Maidstone prison in 1997
Answer:
Reginald Kray
Passage:
Bovinae
The biological subfamily Bovinae includes a diverse group of 10 genera of medium to large-sized ungulates, including domestic cattle, bison, African buffalo, the water buffalo, the yak, and the four-horned and spiral-horned antelopes. The evolutionary relationship between the members of the group is still debated, and their classification into loose tribes rather than formal subgroups reflects this uncertainty. General characteristics include cloven hoofs and usually at least one of the sexes of a species having true horns. The largest extant bovine is the gaur.

In most countries, bovids are used for food. Cattle are eaten almost everywhere, but in parts of India and Nepal they are considered sacred by most  Hindus.

Systematics and classification

* FAMILY BOVIDAE
** Subfamily Bovinae
*** Tribe Boselaphini
**** Genus Tetracerus
*****Four-horned antelope, Tetracerus quadricornis
******T.q. quadricornis
******T.q. iodes
******T.q. subquadricornis
**** Genus Boselaphus
*****Nilgai or blue bull, Boselaphus tragocamelus (not to be confused with the extinct bluebuck Hippotragus leucophaeus, Hippotraginae)
******B.t. tragocamelus (Indian nilgai)
*** Tribe Bovini
**** Genus Bubalus
***** Water buffalo, Bubalus bubalis
***** Wild Asian water buffalo, Bubalus arnee
***** Lowland anoa, Bubalus depressicornis
***** Mountain anoa, Bubalus quarlesi
***** Tamaraw, Bubalus mindorensis
***** Cebu tamaraw†, Bubalus cebuensis (extinct)
**** Genus Bos
***** Aurochs†, Bos primigenius (extinct)
***** Banteng, Bos javanicus
***** Gaur, Bos gaurus
***** Gayal, Bos frontalis (domestic gaur)
***** Yak, Bos mutus, Bos grunniens
***** Bos palaesondaicus†, (extinct)
***** Domestic cattle, Bos taurus 
***** Domestic zebu, Bos indicus 
***** Kouprey, Bos sauveli 
**** Genus Pseudoryx
***** Saola, Pseudoryx nghetinhensis
**** Genus Syncerus
***** African buffalo, Syncerus caffer
**** Genus Bison
***** American bison, Bison bison
***** Wisent, Bison bonasus
***** Bison palaeosinensis†, (extinct)
***** Steppe wisent†, Bison priscus (extinct)
***** Ancient bison†, Bison antiquus (extinct)
***** Long-horned bison†, Bison latifrons (extinct)
**** Genus Pelorovis† (extinct)
***** Giant buffalo†, Pelorovis antiquus (extinct)
*** Tribe Strepsicerotini
**** Genus Tragelaphus (antelope-like)
***** Bongo, Tragelaphus eurycerus
***** Greater kudu, Tragelaphus strepsiceros
***** Kéwel, Tragelaphus scriptus
***** Imbabala, Tragelaphus sylvaticus
***** Lesser kudu, Tragelaphus imberbis
***** Mountain nyala, Tragelaphus buxtoni
***** Nyala, Tragelaphus angasii
***** Sitatunga, Tragelaphus spekeii
**** Genus Taurotragus
***** Common eland, Taurotragus oryx
***** Giant eland, Taurotragus derbianus

Etymology

Bovine is derived from Latin bos, "ox", through Late Latin bovinus. Bos comes from the Indo-European root *gwous, meaning ox.
Question:
If cats are feline which creatures are bovine
Answer:
🐄
Passage:
1975 Wimbledon Championships
The 1975 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom. The tournament ran from 23 June until 5 July. It was the 89th staging of the Wimbledon Championships, and the second Grand Slam tennis event of 1975.

Prize money

The total prize money for 1975 championships was £114,875. The winner of the men's title earned £10,000 while the women's singles champion earned £7,000.

* per team

Champions

Men's singles

 Arthur Ashe  defeated  Jimmy Connors, 6–1, 6–1, 5–7, 6–4
*It was Ashe's 3rd (and last) career Grand Slam title, and his 1st Wimbledon title.

Women's singles

 Billie Jean King defeated  Evonne Goolagong Cawley, 6–0, 6–1
*It was King's 12th (and last) career Grand Slam title (her 8th in the Open Era), and her 6th Wimbledon title.

Men's doubles

 Vitas Gerulaitis /  Sandy Mayer defeated   Colin Dowdeswell /  Allan Stone, 7–5, 8–6, 6–4

Women's doubles

 Ann Kiyomura /   Kazuko Sawamatsu defeated   Françoise Dürr /  Betty Stöve, 7–5, 1–6, 7–5

Mixed doubles

 Margaret Court /  Marty Riessen defeated  Betty Stöve /  Allan Stone, 6–4, 7–5

Juniors Champions

Boys' singles

 Chris Lewis defeated  Ricardo Ycaza, 6–1, 6–4

Girls' singles

 Natasha Chmyreva defeated  Regina Maršíková, 6–4, 6–3

Notes
Question:
Who won the 1975 Wimbledon men's singles title?
Answer:
Arthur Ashe, Jr.
Passage:
A Hazy Shade of Winter
"A Hazy Shade of Winter" is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel, released on October 22, 1966, initially as a stand-alone single, but was subsequently included on the duo's fourth studio album, Bookends (1968). The song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100. 

In 1987, The Bangles recorded a cover version of the song for the Less Than Zero soundtrack; that version peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100.

Background

The duo recorded "A Hazy Shade of Winter" during the sessions for Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme (1966), but the song was not included on an album until 1968's Bookends.

Composition

"A Hazy Shade of Winter" follows a more rock-tinged sound, with a fairly straightforward verse-refrain structure. The song dates back to Simon's days in England in 1965. The song follows a hopeless poet, with "manuscripts of unpublished rhyme", unsure of his achievements in life.

The lyrics recall the transition from fall to winter, as suggested by the repetition of the final chorus of the song:

I look around, leaves are brownAnd the skyis a hazy shade of winterLook around,leaves are brownThere's a patch of snow on the ground. 

Author and disc jockey Pete Fornatale considered the lyrics evocative of, and standing in contrast with, those of John Phillips' "California Dreamin'".

Reception

Decades later, Allmusic critic Richie Unterberger described the song as "one of [Simon and Garfunkel's] best songs, and certainly one of the toughest and more rock-oriented". 

Chart history 

Weekly charts

The Bangles version

In 1987, The Bangles were approached to record a song for the soundtrack of the film Less Than Zero. They chose to record a cover of "A Hazy Shade of Winter," a song they had been performing live since at least as far back as March 1983. 

Their cover, simply titled "Hazy Shade of Winter," was a harder-edged rock song that removed most of the bridge section. The record, like the rest of the soundtrack album, was produced by Rick Rubin. After a fruitful but disappointing experience with the producer of their Different Light album, David Kahne, where they were given little input in the production of the songs, the group decided to take more control for the recording of this song, and they were given an additional producer credit. Michael Steele later commented that "we sounded the most on this record the way we actually sound live", and that "If we hadn't been so messed up as a band, it could have been a turning point for us." 

Lead vocals were performed jointly by all four members of the group, with a short solo led by Susanna Hoffs towards the end of the song. This was a rare occurrence in the Bangles songs, as they mostly had just one member singing lead on their songs. Due to pressure from their record label, The Bangles removed the verse from the original song that contained the line "drinking my vodka and lime."  According to liner notes on the Soundtrack album, Steve Bartek from the band Oingo Boingo played guitar on the track.

When released as a single in November 1987, "Hazy Shade of Winter" became a huge hit, surpassing the popularity of the original version, peaking at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100, and also #11 in the UK. It was also a hit around Europe.

The music video for the song featured the band singing in a studio surrounded by television screens on the walls, similar to a scene of the Less Than Zero film. Scenes of the film also appear throughout the video.

"Hazy Shade of Winter" was not included on any of the band's studio albums, but was later included on the band's first official Greatest Hits in 1990, and on many of the band's subsequent compilations. The accompanying Greatest Hits video compilation did not feature the "Hazy Shade of Winter" video, due to complications with the licensing of the movie rights of the Less Than Zero scenes that appear on the video clip.

The Bangles version was commonly used as bumper music for late night radio talk show Coast to Coast AM hosted by Art Bell in the mid to late 1990s.

Chart history

;Weekly charts

Other cover versions

*American psych-rock band Jimmy and the Soulblazers covered this song on their 1972 album Clockwork.
*Punk band Snuff included a cover of the song on their EP Flibbidydibbidydob in 1990.
*German thrash metal band Sodom did a cover of the song for their 1997 album 'Til Death Do Us Unite. However, they credited the song as a cover of the Bangles' version.
*Australian pop punk band Bodyjar produced a popular version of the song in 1999.
*Les Fradkin has a version on his 2006 album Jangleholic.
*UK pop punk band Cranial Screwtop recorded a version of the song for their 2006 album Too Fast for Technology.
*It was also covered by the darkwave band She Wants Revenge in 2007.
*Singer-songwriter Susan Werner included a version of the song on her album Classics, which was released in early 2009.
Question:
Who had a hit song in the late 60s with Hazy Shade Of Winter?
Answer:
Simon and garfunkel
Passage:
U.S. President William McKinley Assassinated , 1901
U.S. President William McKinley Assassinated, 1901
U.S. President William McKinley Assassinated
U.S. President William McKinley Assassinated
President William McKinley.  Picture courtesy of the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration.
Share
By Jennifer Rosenberg
On September 6, 1901, anarchist Leon Czolgosz walked up to U.S. President William McKinley at the Pan-American Exposition in New York and shot McKinley at point-blank range. After the shooting, it first appeared that President McKinley was getting better; however, he soon took a turn for the worse and died on September 14 from gangrene.
Greeting People at the Pan-American Exposition
On September 6, 1901, U.S. President William McKinley spent the morning visiting Niagara Falls with his wife before returning to the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York in the afternoon to spend a few minutes greeting the public.
By about 3:30 p.m., President McKinley stood inside the Temple of Music building at the Exposition, ready to begin shaking the hands of the public as they streamed into the building. Many had been waiting for hours outside in the heat for their chance to meet the President. Unbeknownst to the President and the many guards who stood nearby, among those waiting outside was 28-year-old anarchist Leon Czolgosz who was planning to kill President McKinley.
continue reading below our video
What are the Seven Wonders of the World
At 4 p.m. the doors to the building were opened and the mass of people waiting outside were forced into a single line as they entered the Temple of Music building. The line of people thus came up to the President in an organized fashion, with just enough time to whisper a "Nice to meet you, Mr. President," shake President McKinley's hand, and then be forced to continue along the line and out the door again.
President McKinley, the 25th president of the United States, was a popular president who had just started his second term in office and the people seemed clearly glad to get a chance to meet him. However, at 4:07 p.m. Leon Czolgosz had made it into the building and it was his turn to greet the President.
Two Shots
In Czolgosz's right hand, he held a .32 caliber Iver-Johnson revolver, which he had covered by wrapping a handkerchief around the gun and his hand. Although Czolgosz's swaddled hand was noticed before he reached the President, many thought it looked like it covered an injury and not that it was hiding a gun. Also, since the day had been hot, many of the visitors to see the President had been carrying handkerchiefs in their hands so that they could wipe the sweat off their faces.
When Czolgosz reached the President, President McKinley reached out to shake his left hand (thinking Czolgosz's right hand was injured) while Czolgosz brought up his right hand to President McKinley's chest and then fired two shots.
One of the bullets didn't enter the president - some say it bounced off of a button or off the president's sternum and then got tucked into his clothing. The other bullet, however, entered the president's abdomen, tearing through his stomach, pancreas, and kidney. Shocked at being shot, President McKinley began to sag as blood stained his white shirt. He then told those around him, "Be careful how you tell my wife."
Those in line behind Czolgosz and guards in the room all jumped on Czolgosz and started to punch him. Seeing that the mob on Czolgosz might easily and quickly kill him, President McKinley whispered either, "Don't let them hurt him" or "Go easy on him, boys."
Surgery
President McKinley was then whisked away in an electric ambulance to the hospital at the Exposition. Unfortunately, the hospital was not properly equipped for such a surgery and the very experienced doctor usually on premises was away doing a surgery in another town. Although several doctors were found, the most experienced doctor that could be found was Dr. Matthew Mann, a gynecologist. The surgery began at 5:20 p.m.
During the operation, the doctors searched for the remains of the bullet that had entered the President's abdomen, but were unable to locate it. Worried that continued searching would tax the President's body too much, the doctors decided to discontinue looking for it and to sew up what they could. The surgery was completed a little before 7 p.m.
Gangrene and Death
For several days, President McKinley seemed to be getting better. After the shock of the shooting, the nation was excited to hear some good news. However, what the doctors did not realize was that without drainage, an infection had built up inside the President. By September 13 it was obvious the President was dying. At 2:15 a.m. on September 14, 1901, President William McKinley died of gangrene. That afternoon, Vice President Theodore Roosevelt was sworn in as President of the United States.
An Execution
After being pummeled right after the shooting, Leon Czolgosz had been arrested and taken to police headquarters before nearly being lynched by the angry crowds that surrounded the Temple of Music. Czolgosz readily admitted that he was the one who had shot the President. In his written confession, Czolgosz stated, "I killed President McKinley because I done my duty. I didn't believe one man should have so much service and another man should have none."
Czolgosz was brought to trial on September 23, 1901. He was quickly found guilty and sentenced to death. On October 29, 1901, Leon Czolgosz was electrocuted.
Question:
In office from March 4th 1897 until September 14th 1901, who was the first US President of the 20th century ?
Answer:
McKinley Administration
Passage:
Endymion (poem)
Endymion is a poem by John Keats first published in 1818. It begins with the line "A thing of beauty is a joy for ever". Endymion is written in rhyming couplets in iambic pentameter (also known as heroic couplets). Keats based the poem on the Greek myth of Endymion, the shepherd beloved by the moon goddess Selene. The poem elaborates on the original story and renames Selene "Cynthia" (an alternative name for Artemis).

Narrative

It starts by painting a rustic scene of trees, rivers, shepherds, and sheep. The shepherds gather around an altar and pray to Pan, god of shepherds and flocks. As the youths sing and dance, the elder men sit and talk about what life would be like in the shades of Elysium. However, Endymion, the "brain-sick shepherd-prince" of Mt. Latmos, is in a trancelike state, and not participating in their discourse. His sister, Peona, takes him away and brings him to her resting place where he sleeps. After he wakes, he tells Peona of his encounter with Cynthia, and how much he loved her.

The poem is divided into four books, each approximately 1000 lines long. Book I gives Endymion's account of his dreams and experiences, as related to Peona, and give the background for the rest of the poem. In Book II, Endymion ventures into the underworld in search of his love. He encounters Adonis and Venus—a pairing of mortal and immortal—apparently foreshadowing a similar destiny for the mortal Endymion and his immortal paramour. Book III reveals Endymion's enduring love, and he begs the Moon not to torment him any longer as he journeys through a watery void on the sea floor. There he meets Glaucus, freeing the god from a thousand years of imprisonment by the witch Circe. Book IV, "And so he groan'd, as one by beauty slain." Endymion falls in love with a beautiful Indian maiden. Both ride winged black steeds to Mount Olympus where Cynthia awaits, only for Endymion to forsake the goddess for his new, mortal, love. Endymion and the Indian girl return to earth, the latter saying she cannot be his love. He is miserable, till quite suddenly he comes upon the Indian maiden again and she reveals that she is in fact Cynthia. She then tells him of how she tried to forget him, to move on, but that in the end, "'There is not one,/ No, no, not one/ But thee.'"

Critical reception

Endymion received scathing criticism after its release,  and Keats himself noted its diffuse and unappealing style. Keats did not regret writing it, as he likened the process to leaping into the ocean to become more acquainted with his surroundings; in a poem to J. A. Hessey, he expressed that "I was never afraid of failure; for I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest." However, he did express regret in its publishing, saying "it is not without a feeling of regret that I make [Endymion] public."

Not all critics disliked the work.  The poet Thomas Hood wrote 'Written in Keats' Endymion, in which the "Muse...charming the air to music...gave back Endymion in a dreamlike tale".  Henry Morley said, "The song of Endymion throbs throughout with a noble poet's sense of all that his art means for him.  What mechanical defects there are in it may even serve to quicken our sense of the youth and freshness of this voice of aspiration."
Question:
‘A thing of beauty is a joy forever’ is the first line of which poem by John Keats?
Answer:
Endimion
Passage:
Suite bergamasque
The Suite bergamasque is one of the most famous piano suites by Claude Debussy. It was first composed by Debussy around 1890, at the age of 28, but was significantly revised just before its publication in 1905.  

It seems that by the time a publisher came to Debussy in order to cash in on his fame and have these pieces published, the composer loathed their earlier piano style. While it is not known how much of the Suite was written in 1890 and how much was written in 1905, it is clear that Debussy changed the names of at least two of the pieces. "Passepied" had first been composed under the name "Pavane", while "Clair de lune" was originally titled "Promenade sentimentale." These names also come from Paul Verlaine's poems. The final title of Suite bergamasque comes from Verlaine's poem Clair de lune, which refers to 'bergamasques' in its opening stanza: Votre âme est un paysage choisi / Que vont charmant masques et bergamasques / Jouant du luth et dansant et quasi / Tristes sous leurs déguisements fantasques. 

Structure

The Suite bergamasque consists of four movements:

# "Prélude"
# "Menuet"
# "Clair de lune"
# "Passepied"

The first three movements include a common motif:
*"Prélude": F – E – F – E – D (bar 11)
*"Menuet": G – F – G – F – E (bar 6)
*"Clair de lune": F – E – F – E – D (bars 1–2)

Movements

"Prélude"

The first piece in the suite is entitled "Prélude," in the key of F and marked tempo rubato. It is full of dynamic contrasts with a vigorous beginning and ending. It is a festive piece, which holds much of the Baroque style that is commonly found in preludes.

"Menuet"

The second part of the Suite bergamasque is the "Menuet", in A minor. Its playful main theme contrasts with an alternatively mysterious and dramatic middle section. This piece is particularly original, as it does not conform to the particular style that most minuets share. Rather than being very airy and dainty, it shows much more raw comedy. Again, Debussy sets a very novel piece in the guise of an old dance style.

"Clair de lune"

The third and most famous movement of Suite bergamasque is "Clair de lune", in D-flat major. Its name comes from Verlaine's poem Clair de lune, "moonlight" in French. It is written in the  meter, marked andante très expressif, and to be played mostly pianissimo. Musically, Debussy's "Clair de lune" belongs to French Impressionism.

"Passepied"

The final movement is "Passepied" in F-sharp minor, allegretto ma non troppo. A passepied is a type of dance, which originated in Brittany. Debussy's "Passepied" is a happy, strangely medieval piece, which is surprisingly faster than its Baroque counterparts. Throughout most of its duration, the piece is played with staccato arpeggios in the left hand.

Arrangements

Suite bergamasque has been orchestrated by many conductors, including André Caplet, Leopold Stokowski, and Lucien Cailliet. 

"Clair de lune" in particular has been arranged for a wide variety of instrumental combinations. One such is Dimitri Tiomkin's arrangement for organ in the score for the 1956 film Giant.

"Passepied" has been arranged by the Punch Brothers for bluegrass instrumentation in their album The Phosphorescent Blues.

Notes
Question:
'Prelude', 'Minuet', 'Claire de Lune' and 'Passé pied' are all parts of which piano suite by Debussy?
Answer:
SUITE BERGAMASQUE
Passage:
Which USA State borders only one other USA state?
Which USA State borders only one other USA state?
Which USA State borders only one other USA state?
By Cynthia Kirkeby
Which USA State borders only one other USA state?
Maine is the only state that has only one bordering, neighboring state.
Cynthia Kirkeby
Question:
Which American state is the only one which borders only one other state?
Answer:
Religion in Maine
Passage:
Endromis versicolora
Endromis versicolora, the Kentish glory, is a moth of the family Endromidae. It is found in the Palaearctic region.

The wingspan is 50–70 mm. The adults fly from March to May.
Females, are much larger and paler than the males, and fly only at night in order to lay eggs. Males, which fly both by night and day, can detect female pheromones from a distance up to 2 km.

Yellow at first, then purplish-brown eggs are laid in 2–3 "rows" around thin branch of birch. After 10–14 days little black caterpillars hatch.

The caterpillars primarily feed on birch (Betula sp.), but accepts lots of other trees and shrubs: Alnus sp., Corylus sp., Tilia sp., Carpinus sp. It is green with paler stripes, at first feeds in small groups of 15–30 larvae. Mature ones separate and feed only at night individually.

Endromis versicolora has a single generation a year; it overwinters as a chrysalis in thin, loose, but strong cocoon buried in the soil at a shallow depth.

Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. Male.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Dos.jpg|Male dorsal side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. Male.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) ventre.jpg|Male ventral side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. female.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Dos.jpg|Female ventral side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. female.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Ventre.jpg|Female ventral side MHNT
Question:
What type of creature is a Kentish Glory?
Answer:
Moth
Passage:
What does "DECUS ET TUTAMEN" mean? - CoinSite
What does "DECUS ET TUTAMEN" mean? - CoinSite
CoinSite
All about old coins and paper money
Navigation
What does “DECUS ET TUTAMEN” mean?
Ataur R. asks: What does the words “DECUS ET TUTAMEN” mean in English?
This legend, often seen on lettered edges of some English Coins, is Latin for: An ornament and a safeguard. It first appeared on the edge of all early large milled silver coins as a warning against “clipping”. It also appears on the edge of current  U.K. and Northern Ireland one pound coins.
Question:
Decus et Tutanem is found on the edges of the pound coin what does it mean
Answer:
Ornament and a Safeguard
Passage:
Petrology
Petrology (from the Greek πέτρος, pétros, "rock" and λόγος, lógos, "subject matter", see -logy) is the branch of geology that studies the origin, composition, distribution and structure of rocks.

Lithology was once approximately synonymous with petrography, but in current usage, lithology focuses on macroscopic hand-sample or outcrop-scale description of rocks while petrography is the speciality that deals with microscopic details.

In the petroleum industry, lithology, or more specifically mud logging, is the graphic representation of geological formations being drilled through, and drawn on a log called a mud log. As the cuttings are circulated out of the borehole they are sampled, examined (typically under a 10× microscope) and tested chemically when needed.

Methodology

Petrology utilizes the fields of mineralogy, petrography, optical mineralogy, and chemical analysis to describe the composition and texture of rocks. Petrologists also include the principles of geochemistry and geophysics through the study of geochemical trends and cycles and the use of thermodynamic data and experiments in order to better understand the origins of rocks.

Branches 

There are three branches of petrology, corresponding to the three types of rocks: igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary, and another dealing with experimental techniques:

*Igneous petrology focuses on the composition and texture of igneous rocks (rocks such as granite or basalt which have crystallized from molten rock or magma). Igneous rocks include volcanic and plutonic rocks.
*Sedimentary petrology focuses on the composition and texture of sedimentary rocks (rocks such as sandstone, shale, or limestone which consist of pieces or particles derived from other rocks or biological or chemical deposits, and are usually bound together in a matrix of finer material).
*Metamorphic petrology focuses on the composition and texture of metamorphic rocks (rocks such as slate, marble, gneiss, or schist which started out as sedimentary or igneous rocks but which have undergone chemical, mineralogical or textural changes due to extremes of pressure, temperature or both)
*Experimental petrology employs high-pressure, high-temperature apparatus to investigate the geochemistry and phase relations of natural or synthetic materials at elevated pressures and temperatures. Experiments are particularly useful for investigating rocks of the lower crust and upper mantle that rarely survive the journey to the surface in pristine condition. They are also one of the prime sources of information about completely inaccessible rocks such as those in the Earth's lower mantle and in the mantles of the other terrestrial planets and the Moon. The work of experimental petrologists has laid a foundation on which modern understanding of igneous and metamorphic processes has been built.
Question:
Lithology is the study of which natural substance?
Answer:
Stones
Passage:
La Guaira
La Guaira is the capital city of the Venezuelan state of Vargas and the country's main port.  It was founded in 1577 as an outlet for Caracas, 30 km to the southeast.  The town and the port were badly damaged during the December 1999 floods and mudslides that affected much of the region. 

The city hosts its own professional baseball team in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League, the Tiburones de La Guaira. They have won seven national championships since their founding in 1962.

History

After the founding of Caracas by Spanish in 1567, toward the turn of the 16th century, the Port of La Guaira emerged on the coast and, since that time, has been the gateway to Caracas. This coastal city, almost without land to develop and bathed by the Caribbean Sea, became an important harbour during the 18th century. Attacked by buccaneers and by the English, Dutch, and French armadas, La Guaira was transformed into a fortified, walled city. During the War of Jenkins' Ear (1739–1748), the first attack of the Royal Navy  took place on La Guaira. This period also saw the trading monopoly of the Royal Gipuzkoan Company of Caracas, which controlled the major ports of La Guaira and Puerto Cabello and was instrumental in the development of large-scale cocoa production along the valleys of the coast. The English frigate HMS Hermione (1782) was delivered to the Spanish authorities at La Guaira after her crew mutinied in 1797. Another small naval battle was fought off La Guaira in 1812, between privateers of the United States and the United Kingdom. Now La Guaira is the second port by importance in Venezuela after Puerto Cabello.
 

Geography

La Guaira Bank () is an underwater ridge that is approximately 12 miles off the coast from the city of La Guaira. The bank is approximately 12 mi long from east to west and 4 mi wide from north to south, and it rises from 50 fathom in the surrounding area to 140 fathom.  The area provides the structure to deep-sea animals, and other organisms such as gorgonians, sponges, and coral, that require ocean currents to bring their food to them. Westerly currents flow off the coast of Venezuela, and the bank acts as a barrier to the current, creating an upwelling of nutrients to the ocean surface from deep-water stockpiles. These nutrients fuel an explosion of planktonic plant and animal growth, and attract larger animals such as whales, porpoises, seabirds, and large pelagics such as tuna, sharks, wahoo, dolphin fish, and four different types of marlin. It is considered one of the top sport fishing destinations in the world due to the unusually high numbers of Atlantic blue marlin, white marlin, sailfish, and spearfish that congregate at different seasons, and are available year round.
Question:
Which country, whose chief port is La Guaira, became a republic after seceding from the Republic of Colombia in 1830?
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:VE
Passage:
E. L. James
Erika Mitchell (born 7 March 1963),  known by her pen name E. L. James, is an English author. She wrote the bestselling erotic romance novels trilogy Fifty Shades of Grey, Fifty Shades Darker, and Fifty Shades Freed,   along with the companion novel Grey: Fifty Shades of Grey as Told by Christian. 

The combined novels have sold over 100 million copies worldwide, over 35 million copies in the United States and set the record in the United Kingdom as the fastest selling paperback of all time.   In 2012, Time magazine named her one of "The World's 100 Most Influential People."  The novels were subsequently adapted into a film. 

Early life and education

Erika Mitchell was born on 7 March 1963 in London, England, to a Chilean mother and a Scottish father who was a BBC cameraman.  She was brought up in Buckinghamshire. 

James was educated at the independent Pipers Corner School and at Wycombe High School, a state grammar school for girls in the town of High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire, followed by the University of Kent in South East England where she studied History.

Life and career

After leaving university, James became a studio manager’s assistant at the National Film and Television School in Beaconsfield. She married Niall Leonard, a screenwriter, in 1987, and they have two teenage sons. As of 2012 they lived together in a "modest semi-detached red-brick house in a rather unfashionable area of west London" near Ealing.[http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2012-05-03/entertainment/ct-ent-0502-50-shades-of-grey-20120501_1_fan-fiction-book-signing-event-fans-bond Who is E L James?] Chicago Tribune Retrieved 31 May 2012

Fifty Shades trilogy

James says the idea for the Fifty Shades trilogy began as a response to the vampire novel series Twilight. In late 2008 James saw the movie Twilight, and then became intensely absorbed with the novels that the movie was based on. She read the novels several times over in a period of a few days, and then, for the first time in her life, sat down to write a book: basically a sequel to the Twilight novels. Between January and August 2009 she wrote two such books in quick succession. She says she then discovered the phenomenon of fan fiction, and this inspired her to publish her novels as Kindle books under the pen name "Snowqueens Icedragon". Beginning in August 2009 she then began to write the "Fifty Shades" books. 

James has spoken of her shock at the success of the books. "The explosion of interest has taken me completely by surprise" she said.  James has described the Fifty Shades trilogy as "my midlife crisis, writ large. All my fantasies in there, and that's it."  She did not start to write until January 2009, as she revealed while still active on FanFiction.Net: "I started writing in January 2009 after I finished the Twilight saga, and I haven't stopped since. I discovered Fan Fiction in August 2009. Since then I have written my two fics and plan on doing at least one more. After that... who knows?"  In August 2013, sales of the trilogy saw James top the Forbes list of the highest-earning authors   with earnings of $95m which included $5m for the film rights to Fifty Shades of Grey.  On 1 June 2015 James announced the upcoming release of Grey: Fifty Shades of Grey as Told by Christian, which was released into stores on 18 June 2015.

Charity work

James was one of the British celebrities, including Tom Hiddleston, Benedict Cumberbatch and Rachel Riley, to design and sign her own card for the UK children's charity Thomas Coram Foundation for Children.  The campaign was launched by crafting company Stampin’ Up! UK and the cards were auctioned off on eBay during May 2014.

Awards and honours

*2012 Time 100 by Time magazine, "The 100 Most Influential People in the World" 
*2012 Publishers Weekly "Publishing Person of the Year".  
*2012 National Book Award (UK), "Popular Fiction Book of the Year", Fifty Shades of Grey 
*2012 National Book Award (UK), "Book of the Year", Fifty Shades of Grey 

Bibliography

*Fifty Shades of Grey (2011)
*Fifty Shades Darker (2012)
*Fifty Shades Freed (2012)
*Grey: Fifty Shades of Grey As Told by Christian (2015)

Filmography
Question:
What is the most successful literary work to date of the writer E L James?
Answer:
Fifty shades of Grey
Passage:
Four Corners
The Four Corners is a region of the United States consisting of the southwestern corner of Colorado, southeastern corner of Utah, northeastern corner of Arizona, and northwestern corner of New Mexico. The Four Corners area is named after the quadripoint where the boundaries of the four states meet, where the Four Corners Monument is located. It is the only location in the United States where four states meet. Most of the Four Corners region belongs to semi-autonomous Native American nations, the largest of which is the Navajo Nation, followed by Hopi, Ute, and Zuni tribal reserves and nations. The Four Corners region is part of a larger region known as the Colorado Plateau and is mostly rural, rugged, and arid. In addition to the monument, commonly visited areas within Four Corners include Monument Valley, Mesa Verde National Park, Chaco Canyon, and Canyon de Chelly National Monument. The most populous city in the Four Corners region is Farmington, New Mexico, followed by Durango, Colorado.

History

The United States acquired the four corners region from Mexico after the end of the Mexican–American War in 1848. In 1863 Congress created Arizona Territory from the western part of New Mexico Territory. The boundary was defined as a line running due south from the southwest corner of Colorado Territory, which had been created in 1861. This was an unusual act of Congress, which almost always defined the boundaries of new territories as lines of latitude or longitude, or following rivers. By defining one boundary as starting at the corner of another Congress ensured the eventual creation of four states meeting at a point, regardless of the inevitable errors of boundary surveying.  The area was first surveyed by the U.S. Government in 1868 as part of an effort to make Colorado Territory into a state, the first of the Four Corners states formed. The first marker was placed at the spot in 1912. The first Navajo tribal government was established in 1923 to regulate an increasing number of oil exploration activities on Navajo land.

Geography

The Four Corners Area is defined as a circle around the Four corners located at .

The Four Corners is part of the high Colorado Plateau. This makes it a center for weather systems, which stabilize on the plateau then proceed eastward through Colorado and into the central states. This weather system creates snow and rain fall over the central United States.

Protected areas in the Four Corners area include Canyon de Chelly National Monument, Hovenweep National Monument, Mesa Verde National Park, and Monument Valley. Mountain Ranges in the Four Corners include Sleeping Ute Mountains, Abajo Mountains, and the Chuska Mountains.

Politics

Six governments have jurisdictional boundaries at the Four Corners Monument: the states of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah, as well as the tribal governments of the Navajo Nation and Ute Mountain Ute Tribe. The Four Corners Monument itself is administered by the Navajo Nation Department of Parks and Recreation. Other tribal nations within the Four Corners region include the Hopi and other Ute. The Four Corners is home to the capital of the Navajo tribal government at Window Rock, Arizona. The Ute Mountain Ute Tribal headquarters are located at Towaoc, Colorado.

Cities

The Four Corners region is mostly rural. The economic hub, largest city, and only metropolitan area in the region is Farmington, New Mexico. The populated settlement closest to the center of Four Corners is Teec Nos Pos, Arizona. Other cities in the region include Cortez and Durango in Colorado, Monticello and Blanding in Utah, Kayenta and Chinle in Arizona, and Shiprock, Aztec, and Bloomfield in New Mexico. The largest cities in each of the Four Corner States are: Phoenix, Arizona; Denver, Colorado; Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Salt Lake City, Utah.

Transportation

Air service is available via the Four Corners Regional Airport in Farmington, New Mexico.  Interstate 40 passes along the southern edge of the Four Corners region. The primary U.S. Highways that directly serve the Four Corners include U.S. Route 64, U.S. Route 160 (which serves the Four Corners Monument itself), U.S. Route 163, U.S. Route 191, U.S. Route 491 (previously U.S. Route 666 ), and U.S. Route 550.

The main line of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, now operated by the BNSF Railway, passes along the southern edge of Four Corners. The area is home to remnants of through railroads that are now heritage railways. These include the Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad and the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad. The Black Mesa and Lake Powell Railroad, which connects a power plant with a coal mine near Kayenta, comes near the Four Corners.
Question:
The boundaries of four states of the USA, known as the Four Corners states, meet at one point, the only such geographic point in the USA. They are Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona and which other?
Answer:
Utah (State)
Passage:
Frimley Green
Frimley Green is a suburban village of 580 acres with ward status in the English county of Surrey, that has lakes in its south-west which border Hampshire and which has the Lakeside Country Club, the national venue for the BDO international darts competition. It is south of the town of Frimley which separates it from the largest town in Surrey Heath, Camberley. The county town, Guildford, is 10 mi east south-east.

Geography

Soil, elevation and boundaries

The land slopes down from Deepcut, partly on the Chobham Ridges to the east, to the River Blackwater which is preceded by the large lakes and small woods in the south-west of the ward which form the boundary with Hampshire. Most of the woods and lakes are sectioned off by the Ascot to Guildford Line, the only railway within its bounds, which at the next station south merges into the Alton Line from London to Alton, Hampshire then becomes part of the North Downs Line.[http://getamap.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/getamap/frames.htm?mapAction
gaz&gazNameg&gazString
SU8957 Grid square map] Ordnance survey website

Amenities and transport

Frimley Green, as with many British villages bearing the word green, is named after a central village green. The Basingstoke Canal runs alongside the park in the south and has a traditional wharf and inn here. Frimley Green's main green spaces comprise large playing fields, a wooded area with an activity trail and a miniature railway.

Frimley Lodge Park consisting of wide-ranging recreational areas is between the developed south-centre of Frimley Green and Mytchett. 

The nearest railway station is Frimley which is linked to Ash Vale. Otherwise in neighbouring settlements are Farnborough North on the North Downs Line and Farnborough (Main) (on the South Western Main Line from Southampton to London Waterloo which marks the southern border). Bus services connect the village to Farnborough (and to Camberley, which is also served as the next station north of Frimley by rail).

Main schools are Frimley Church of England School and Cross Farm Infant School.

The main road connecting the area inter-regionally is the M3 motorway, centred 2 mi to the north, which has a junction near to its closest point.

History

As part of Frimley

Frimley was a chapelry of Ash which local nobles had established as a manor from 1277. Henry Elliot Malden in the Victoria County History (1911–12) believes Frimley manor may have been the land in Ash purchased by Bartholomew de Winton, Abbot of Chertsey Abbey in 1277, from a Sir Walter Raleigh (not his more famous explorer namesake). Henry VIII granted it to Sir John White of Aldershot. James Tichborne, sold the remaining land, chiefly the manor house to Mr. Tekel(l) and by 1911 the land had virtually all been subdivided.

Separation of identity and growth

Frimley Green gained, from its mother area, Frimley, half of a formal identity in 1889, when its first church was built, replaced in 1912. This remains joined with Mytchett in providing a choice of services, offered by the Church of England. 

Catering to an expanded late 20th century population across the west of the district, in 1969 a Roman Catholic church was built just across the border in Frimley to the north  and Frimley Park Hospital was built in 1974 in Frimley.

Sport and leisure

Lakeside Country Club is in the north of the village, and has hosted the British Darts Organisation’s (BDO) World Professional Darts Championship each January since 1986. This annual event is broadcast by the BBC and ESPN in the UK and by SBS in the Netherlands.

Frimley Green F.C. are the local football team, and play in the Premier Division of the Combined Counties Football League.

Demography

The area of the ward is 580 acres. At the United Kingdom Census 2011 its population had risen from 5,639 (ten years before) to 5,717. As to households there were 2,266, owned by 47.1% of people on a loan and 35.2% outright. Greater than the national and local averages, 55.2% of the population described their health as very good.

The ward was created on the establishment of a council in 1965.

Notable residents

*Dame Ethel Smyth, composer
*Christopher Howarth, figure skater
*Marcus Carmichael, football referee (for the first FA Cup match to be broadcast live via social media)
Question:
World Championships in which sport took place at Frimley Green recently?
Answer:
Jumpers (Darts)
Passage:
Brüno (2009) - IMDb
Brüno (2009) - IMDb
IMDb
There was an error trying to load your rating for this title.
Some parts of this page won't work property. Please reload or try later.
X Beta I'm Watching This!
Keep track of everything you watch; tell your friends.
Error
Flamboyant and gay Austrian Brüno looks for new fame in America.
Director:
From $2.99 (SD) on Amazon Video
ON DISC
Visit IMDb Picks
Related News
a list of 30 titles
created 04 Aug 2011
a list of 47 titles
created 05 Dec 2011
a list of 24 titles
created 13 Mar 2012
a list of 38 titles
created 06 Sep 2014
a list of 26 titles
created 26 Jun 2015
Search for " Brüno " on Amazon.com
Connect with IMDb
Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below.
You must be a registered user to use the IMDb rating plugin.
2 wins & 4 nominations. See more awards  »
Videos
Kazakh TV talking head Borat is dispatched to the United States to report on the greatest country in the world. With a documentary crew in tow, Borat becomes more interested in locating and marrying Pamela Anderson .
Director: Larry Charles
The heroic story of a dictator who risked his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.
Director: Larry Charles
Ali G unwittingly becomes a pawn in the evil Chancellor's plot to overthrow the Prime Minister of Great Britain. However, instead of bringing the Prime Minister down, Ali is embraced by the... See full summary  »
Director: Mark Mylod
A new assignment forces a top spy to team up with his football hooligan brother.
Director: Louis Leterrier
An ignorant, wannabe-Jamaican British b-boy; an anti-Semitic, misogynistic but friendly Kazakhstani television reporter; and a homosexual Austrian fashonista--all played by Sacha Baron ... See full summary  »
Stars: Sacha Baron Cohen,  Buzz Aldrin,  Arthur Danto
Edit
Storyline
Brüno is a gay Austrian fashion guru. He has his own fashion based television show, Funkyzeit, the most popular German-language show of its kind outside of Germany. After he disgraces himself in front of his Funkyzeit fan base, he is ruined in German speaking Europe. He decides that in his quest for worldwide fame, he will move to Los Angeles and reinvent himself. Accompanying him to the US is Lutz, his former assistant's assistant. Lutz is the only person left in his circle that still believes in Brüno's greatness. Brüno goes through one reinvention of himself after another, ultimately straying to areas far removed from his own self. Perhaps when Brüno finds an activity that he truly does love, he will also find that über-fame he so desperately desires. Written by Huggo
Rated R for pervasive strong and crude sexual content, graphic nudity and language | See all certifications  »
Parents Guide:
10 July 2009 (USA) See more  »
Also Known As:
Brüno: Delicious Journeys Through America for the Purpose of Making Heterosexual Males Visibly Uncomfortable in the Presence of a Gay Foreigner in a Mesh T-Shirt See more  »
Filming Locations:
£5,000,229                (UK) (10 July 2009)
Gross:
Elton John : As himself in "The Dove of Peace" sequence. See more »
Goofs
The movie's premise is that this is all real footage made by Brüno's news crew. Who, then, is filming the scenes where Brüno is alone and homeless on the streets? See more »
Quotes
Brüno : Ich was going to become famous by solving a world problem! But which one? Clooney's got Darfur, Sting's got the Amazon, and Bono's got AIDS! Luckily, there was still one shithole left to fix: the Middle Earth.
See more »
Crazy Credits
The U in the Universal logo is spelled with an umlaut (Ü) like the movie's title. See more »
Connections
For those asking how the shock effect of 'Borat' could be topped...
10 July 2009 | by nosiesnetnieuws
(Maastricht, Netherlands) – See all my reviews
Brüno is a gay Austrian fashion reporter impersonated by the man that notoriously starred as Borat in... Borat.
(For those that have seen Borat: you probably know what to expect. If you did not like Borat for the painfully explicit content, stay away from Brüno. If you almost died of laughter during a certain hotel scene in Borat, go see Brüno immediately and prepare for almost certain death.)
Obviously, having made Borat, the producers of Brüno had a hard time to repeat the surprise effect. It should therefore not come as a surprise that the movie contains substantially less confrontations between the main character and innocent (famous) bystanders. Still, confrontations with a number of people, among which a few famous ones, seem sincere, and work on multiple levels, as in Borat. Others are clearly scripted, but not less funny for that (watch the ending credits for an example).
In general, compared to Borat, Brüno focuses more on a) effectively shocking it's viewers with the (sexual) misconduct of the main character and b) stunts of this main character in front of a large audience. Essentially, this time the shock effect is moved from the 'random' people that appear in the movie, to the audience looking at the movie.
For many, it will definitely be more shocking than Borat, given the shamelessly explicit content that exploits every possibility for jokes concerning men making out. For others, the never-ending provoked racism of Borat will have a longer-lasting impact.
All I know is that I laughed a lot during this movie. It will once again lead to lots of controversy and imitation at thousands of workplaces around the globe. Maybe it is therefore best if you know what it is about.
But be warned. If you are easily offended, you will be offended. Majorly.
218 of 367 people found this review helpful.  Was this review helpful to you?
Yes
Question:
"Which actor played the title role in the 2009 film, ""Bruno""?"
Answer:
Sacha Baron Cohen
Passage:
Sherborne Castle
Sherborne Castle is a 16th-century Tudor mansion southeast of Sherborne in Dorset, England. The 1200 acre park formed only a small part of the 15000 acre Digby estate.

Old castle

Sherborne Old Castle () is the ruin of a 12th-century castle in the grounds of the mansion. The old castle was built as the fortified palace of Roger de Caen, Bishop of Salisbury and Chancellor of England and still belonged to the church in the late 16th century.

Sherborne Lodge
After passing through Sherborne on the way to Plymouth, Sir Walter Raleigh fell in love with the castle, and Queen Elizabeth relinquished the estate, leasing it to Raleigh in 1592,   Rather than refurbish the old castle, Raleigh decided to construct a new lodging for temporary visits, in the compact form for secondary habitations of the nobility and gentry, often architecturally sophisticated, that was known as a lodge. The new house, Sherborne Lodge, was a four-story, rectangular building completed in 1594. The antiquary John Aubrey remembered it as "a delicate Lodge in the park, of Brick, not big, but very convenient for its bignes, a place to retire from the Court in summer time, and to contemplate, etc."  It had four polygonal corner turrets with angled masonry as if they were actually to serve for military defence, which Nicholas Cooper suggests "may be an obeisance to the old building".  Its most progressive feature for its date was the entrance, disguised in one of the corner towers so as not to spoil the apparent symmetry of the facade, which was centred on a rectangular forecourt. The entrance vestibule also contained a winder stairwell and gave directly on the hall.

During Raleigh's imprisonment in the Tower, King James leased the estate to Robert Carr and then sold it to Sir John Digby, 1st Earl of Bristol in 1617. In the 1620s, the Digby family, in order to suit the lodge to a more permanent seat, added four wings to the house in an architectural style similar to the original, retaining the original corner towers.

New castle

In the Civil War Sherborne was strongly Royalist, and the old castle was left in ruins by General Fairfax of the Parliamentary forces in 1645. The name "Sherborne Castle" was then applied to the new house, though today the term Sherborne New Castle is generally used to refer to it, in the same manner as "Sherborne Old Castle" is used for the ruins.

Through the early and mid-18th century William, 5th Lord Digby,  who laid out the grounds praised by Alexander Pope, and his heirs Edward, 6th Lord Digby, who inherited in 1752, and Henry, 7th Lord, created Earl Digby, laid out the present castle gardens, including the 1753 lake designed by Capability Brown, which separates the old and new castles.   The ruins of the old castle are part of the gardens, being conspicuous amongst the trees across the lake. King George III visited the house and gardens in 1789, shortly before awarding Henry Digby with a peerage. When Edward, 2nd and last Earl Digby died in 1856 the house was passed to the Wingfield Digby family, who still own the house. The house was modernised by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick.

In the First World War the house was used by the Red Cross as a hospital and in the Second World War as the headquarters for the commandos involved in the D-Day landings.

The gardens are Grade I listed in the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens. They are open to the public much of the year, and the house is open to the public most Saturdays. The estate often hosts special events, such as concerts and firework displays. The old castle was leased by English Heritage and is now separate from the rest of the estate.
Question:
Sherborne Castle is in which English county?
Answer:
County of Dorset
