Passage:
Good-Bye to All That
Good-Bye to All That, an autobiography by Robert Graves, first appeared in 1929, when the author was 34 years old. "It was my bitter leave-taking of England," he wrote in a prologue to the revised second edition of 1957, "where I had recently broken a good many conventions".  The title may also point to the passing of an old order following the cataclysm of the First World War; the inadequacies of patriotism, the rise of atheism, feminism, socialism and pacifism, the changes to traditional married life, and not least the emergence of new styles of literary expression, are all treated in the work, bearing as they did directly on Graves' life. The unsentimental and frequently comic treatment of the banalities and intensities of the life of a British army officer in the First World War gave Graves fame, notoriety and financial security, but the book's subject is also his family history, childhood, schooling and, immediately following the war, early married life; all phases bearing witness to the "particular mode of living and thinking" that constitute a poetic sensibility.

Laura Riding, Graves' lover, is credited with being a "spiritual and intellectual midwife" to the work. 

Wartime experiences

A large part of the book is taken up by his experience of the First World War, in which Graves served as a lieutenant, then captain in the Royal Welch Fusiliers, with the equally famous Siegfried Sassoon. Good-Bye to All That provides a detailed description of trench warfare, including the tragic incompetence of the Battle of Loos and the bitter fighting in the first phase of the Somme Offensive.

Wounds

In the Somme engagement, Graves was wounded while leading his men through the cemetery at Bazentin-le-petit church on 20 July 1916. The wound initially appeared so severe that military authorities erroneously reported to his family that he had died. While mourning his death, Graves's family received word from him that he was alive, and put an announcement to that effect in the newspapers.

Reputed atrocities

The book contains a second-hand description of the killing of German prisoners of war by British troops. Although Graves had not witnessed any and knew of no large massacres, he had been told about a number of incidents in which prisoners had been killed individually or in small groups. Consequently he was prepared to believe that a proportion of Germans who surrendered never made it to prisoner-of-war camps. "Nearly every instructor in the mess" he wrote, "could quote specific instances of prisoners having been murdered on the way back. The commonest motives were, it seems, revenge for the death of friends or relatives, [and] jealousy of the prisoner's trip to a comfortable prison camp in England".

Post-war trauma

Graves was severely traumatised by his war experience. After being wounded in the lung by a shell blast, he endured a squalid five-day train journey with unchanged bandages. During initial military training in England, he received an electric shock from a telephone that had been hit by lightning, which caused him to stammer and sweat so badly that he did not use a phone again for twelve years. Upon his return home, he describes being haunted by ghosts and nightmares.[https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl
en&lr&q
cache:yhpAPPEXBNcJ:digitalcommons.trinity.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi%3Farticle%3D1017%26context%3Dtrickstersway+ "The Other: For Good and For Ill"] by Prof. Frank Kersnowski in Trickster's Way, Volume 2, Issue 2, 2003

Critical responses

Siegfried Sassoon and his friend Edmund Blunden (whose First World War service had been in a different regiment) took umbrage at the contents of the book. Sassoon's complaints mostly related to Graves's depiction of him and his family, whereas Blunden had read the memoirs of J. C. Dunn and found them at odds with Graves in some places.  The two men took Blunden's copy of Good-Bye to All That and made marginal notes contradicting some of the text. That copy survives and is held by the New York Public Library.  Graves's father, Alfred Perceval Graves, also incensed at some aspects of Graves's book, wrote a riposte to it titled To Return to All That.
Question:
"Which English writer wrote ""Goodbye To All That"", ""I, Claudius"", ""Claudius The God"" and ""King Jesus""?"
Answer:
Gravesian
Passage:
List of apex predators
This is a partial list of apex predators—those predators that are not preyed upon as healthy adults in the wild. Full scavengers (e.g. most vultures), although they may not be preyed on either, are not counted as apex predators unless they at least partially depend on capturing live prey. Many species listed here are only apex predators within certain environments, e.g. coyotes are only apex predators when larger predators such as the gray wolf or the brown bear are absent.

Extinct dinosaurs that are believed to be apex predators

Spanning several millennia, ages, epoch,  and eras, these extinct carnivorous dinosaurs were likely apex predators based on their size and dietary needs. Some may have also been scavengers as well..

Other prehistoric apex predators 

Terrestrial

Aerial

*Arambourgiania
*Argentavis
*Haast's eagle
*Harpactognathus
*Hatzegopteryx
*Meganeura
*Meganeuropsis
*Quetzalcoatlus
*Sericipterus
*Teratornis

Aquatic

Extant predators

These living carnivores or omnivores are apex predators.

Terrestrial

* The grey wolf as a species includes the dingo and all domestic dogs. 

Aerial

Aquatic

Pagophilic

*Polar bear - (Ursus maritimus)
Notes: Animals with an asterisk (*) are only apex predators as introduced species. (**) Humans have debatable status
Question:
In the animal kingdom, what is the world’s largest land predator?
Answer:
Ice Bear
Passage:
Jumpers
Jumpers is a play by Tom Stoppard which was first performed in 1972. It explores and satirises the field of academic philosophy, likening it to a less-than skilful competitive gymnastics display. Jumpers raises questions such as "What do we know?" and "Where do values come from?" It is set in an alternative reality where some British astronauts have landed on the moon and "Radical Liberals" (read pragmatists and relativists) have taken over the British government (the play seems to suggest that pragmatists and relativists would be immoral (Archie says that murder is not wrong, merely "antisocial")). It was inspired by the notion that a manned moon landing would ruin the moon as a poetic trope and possibly lead to a collapse of moral values.

Plot

George Moore is a faded and slightly foolish philosophy professor employed at a university whose slick, exercise-mad Vice-Chancellor Archie Jumper forces a tumbling and leaping curriculum on the faculty. One such flipping prof, McFee, is shot dead in the cabaret chaos of the opening scene, setting off a suddenly very urgent philosophical duel on the moral nature of man. Caught in between is Dotty, George's disturbed wife and Archie's "patient." Dotty, a former student of George's, ended a semi-successful stage career when the sight of astronauts on the moon unhinged her sanity. According to Dotty, the conquering of the moon revealed the human race—once scientifically and spiritually the center of the universe—as "little, local." 

Productions

The play was first performed by the National Theatre Company at the Old Vic Theatre, London on 2 February 1972 with Michael Hordern and Diana Rigg in the leading roles of George and Dorothy. Peter Wood directed the original production and Carl Toms designed its sets and costumes.

The play premiered on Broadway on April 22, 1974, at the Billy Rose Theatre and closed on June 1, 1974, after 48 performances. Directed again by Peter Wood, it featured Brian Bedford and Jill Clayburgh. Bedford won the Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Performance.

A revival directed for the Royal National Theatre by David Leveaux opened in London's Lyttelton Theatre on June 19, 2003.  The show transferred to Broadway on April 25, 2004, playing at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre, and closed on July 11, 2004 after 89 performances and 23 previews. The Broadway show featured Simon Russell Beale as George and Essie Davis as Dotty. The play received a Tony Award nomination for Best play revival.
Question:
"Who wrote the plays ""Jumpers"", ""Travesties"", and ""Arcadia""?"
Answer:
Tom Straussler
Passage:
Broken Wings (Mr. Mister song)
"Broken Wings" is a song recorded by American pop rock band Mr. Mister. It was released in September 1985 as the lead single from their second album Welcome to the Real World. The song peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in December 1985, where it remained for two weeks. It was released as the band was just about to embark on a US tour opening for Tina Turner. The song peaked at number four in the United Kingdom, the highest chart position the group ever achieved in Britain. Broken Wings became the first of two consecutive number ones of the band on the American charts, the other top single was "Kyrie".

Background and music

The song was co-written with lyricist John Lang, who was inspired by a book called "Broken Wings" written by Kahlil Gibran.  The song is a mix of synth, digitally delayed guitar, bass and drums.  The song's hissing intro was an effect created by the sound of crash cymbal played in reverse.

Music video

The music video for "Broken Wings" was directed by Oley Sassone and filmed in black-and-white.  It features lead vocalist/bassist Richard Page driving through the desert in a classic Ford Thunderbird, the first allusion to birds. There is a scene where Page is sitting in a church when a Harris's Hawk flies in through the window and lands next to him on the pew and they exchange a gaze. The full band is also featured in performance scenes. Also appearing in the video are an unknown man and woman dancing tango. They are only shown from the waist down. At the end of the video Page is seen next to the Thunderbird with the vehicle's hood open, symbolizing broken wings.

Track listing

;7" Single 
#"Broken Wings" (single edit) - 4:29
#"Uniform of Youth" - 4:25

;12" Maxi Single
#"Broken Wings" (album version) - 5:45
#"Uniform of Youth" - 4:25
#"Welcome to the Real World" - 4:18

Charts

Year-end charts

Notable covers

*In 1986, it was covered by Rodney Franklin on his album It Takes Two.
*In 1992, Prince's ex-wife Mayte covered the song, with backing vocals by her older sister Janíce García.
*In 1992, short-lived British duo Network released a cover which reached No. 46 on the UK Singles Chart. 
*In 1995, it was covered by John Tesh on his album Sax By the Fire.
*In 1998, it was covered by C-Block on their album Keepin' It Real.
*In 2001, this song was sampled for a Tupac Shakur song on his posthumous album Until the End of Time, for the title song.
*In 2001, it was sampled and performed on the title song of  Foxy Brown's Broken Silence album.
*In 2001, it was covered by New Zealand singer K'lee.
*In 2002, the song was featured in the game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City on fictional station Emotion 98.3 and in the opening scene of the game.
*In 2003, the song was covered by American a cappella group Naturally 7 on their album What Is It?
*In 2003, it was covered for the video game Karaoke Revolution.
*In 2004, Richard Cheese performed this live in Las Vegas on his album I'd Like a Virgin.
*In 2005, Rick Springfield sang this song on his "tribute" album The Day After Yesterday as a duet with original vocalist Richard Page.
*In 2006, it was covered by Clay Aiken on his album A Thousand Different Ways.
*In 2006, Joe Budden released a freestyle using the beat and chorus from "Broken Wings".
*In 2007, it was covered by The Panic Division on their album Songs from the Glasshouse.
*In 2007, it was covered by Northern Kings on their album Reborn.
*In 2008, it was [http://open.spotify.com/track/4rBaMnxfP9WAc2xAg6CQ6b covered] by Villa Black and appears on the album "[http://open.spotify.com/album/2aWxUZOummQK21gAhoga8u Hôtel Costes A Decade by Stéphane Pompougnac]". 
*In 2010, Jason Donovan recorded a cover version of "Broken Wings" for his '80s covers album Soundtrack of the 80s.
*In 2012, it was covered by Roveena on her debut EP Perfect World released on Vintage Green Records Label.
*In 2013, it was sampled and performed by Canadian R&B singer Danny Fernandes under the title "Fly Again (Broken Wings)".
*In 2013, it was covered by Danish progressive metal band Anubis Gate on their EP entitled Sheep.
*In 2014, it was covered and performed by singer Conchita Leeflang.
*The song's various instrumental phrases were sampled in the Commodore 64 game Comic Bakery.
Question:
Which band had a hit in the 1980s with the single Broken Wings?
Answer:
Mr. Mister
Passage:
Hell's Kitchen (UK TV series)
Hell's Kitchen is a British cookery reality show, aired on ITV, which features prospective chefs competing with each other for a final prize. Four series were aired from 2004 to 2009, three presented by Angus Deayton and the most recent by Claudia Winkleman.

Cast

The show had different formats and different head chefs for each of the first three seasons. The original chef Gordon Ramsay subsequently signed an exclusive United Kingdom contract with Channel 4, ruling out any possibility of him appearing on future episodes of the ITV-produced show. 

Series synopses

Series 1 (2004)

Series 1 of Hell's Kitchen in the UK was broadcast from 23 May – 6 June 2004, airing live nightly for two weeks.

The premise was head chef Gordon Ramsay teaching ten celebrities how to cook. The celebrities were placed in a specially constructed London restaurant-kitchen with the task of catering for a clientele of famous people. Eliminations were determined by a series of public votes (in the style of Big Brother).

Jennifer Ellison was declared the winner. A follow-up programme was made afterwards called Hell's Kitchen: School Reunion, which saw Ellison and the show runner-up, James Dreyfus, team up to organise a healthy dinner service for the children at Ramsay's former school, Stratford Upon Avon High School.

The celebrities who took part were:

Series 2 (2005)

Series 2 of Hell's Kitchen in the UK was broadcast from 18 April – 2 May 2005.

The format was overhauled as the show was turned into a competition between two kitchens run by "celebrity chefs" Gary Rhodes and Jean-Christophe Novelli. The second series featured ten members of the public competing for a prize of £250,000, with which the winner could start his or her own restaurant. They were split into two teams of six, one red (tutored by Gary Rhodes) and the other blue (led by Jean-Christophe Novelli). A new and much larger restaurant was built to accommodate the fact that there were now two kitchens.

The only things that remained the same in the second series were the music, by composer Daniel Pemberton, and the presenter, who was still Angus Deayton. Elimination was still down to voting.

The series was won by Terry Miller.

The contestants who took part were:
*Blue Team (Head chef Jean-Christophe Novelli)
**Henry Filloux-Bennett
**Aby King
**Rory O'Donnell
**Gary Tomlin
**Kellie Cresswell
**Stien Smart
*Red Team (Head chef Gary Rhodes)
**Terry Miller
**Simon Gross
**Aaron Siwoku
**Tom Paisley
**Caroline Garvey
**Sam Raplin

Series 3 (2007)

Series 3 was due to begin in mid-2006, with Jean-Christophe Novelli as the sole head chef; however, ITV made the decision to take a break from producing Hell's Kitchen. The network then announced in February 2007 that it had commissioned a new series of the show, to begin in late 2007.

The new series began on 3 September 2007 at 9:00 pm. Michelin starred Marco Pierre White was the new head chef. White had two sous chefs, Matthew and Timothy. The series reverted to the original format of having celebrities as contestants.

The series ended on 17 September 2007, with Barry McGuigan crowned winner.

The contestants who took part were:

Series 4 (2009)

Series 4 began on 13 April 2009.  Marco Pierre White returns as Head Chef/teacher. Claudia Winkleman took over as host, replacing Angus Deayton.    Nick Munier returned as Maitre d', as did Sous Chefs Matthew and Timothy. This series there was one kitchen with grey and dark red tiles. The first four sackings were Marco's responsibility, while the other four sackings were down to a public vote (the person with the lowest amount of votes left Hell's Kitchen).

Linda Evans won from public voting on 27 April 2009.

The celebrities who took part were:

International versions

Currently airing franchise
Franchise no longer in production
Question:
Who was head chef on the first series of ITV's Hell's Kitchen?
Answer:
Gordon Ramsey (chef)
Passage:
Beacons of beauty - 7 of the most stunning lighthouses in ...
Beacons of beauty - 7 of the most stunning lighthouses in the UK - BT
 
Beacons of beauty - 7 of the most stunning lighthouses in the UK
Britain’s beautiful lighthouses are both warning beacons to sailors and iconic landmarks. Here are seven that are definitely worth a visit.
 
Print this story
While lighthouses were originally built to save ships from smashing into rocks, today's maritime technology means the way they look to visitors on foot is now almost as important as their lifesaving function as a warning beacon.
We asked the General Lighthouse Authority, Trinity House, which looks after lighthouses in England and Wales, and the Association of Lighthouse Keepers to highlight seven of the most stunning and iconic beacons in the country…
South Foreland Lighthouse, Dover
Standing in one of the most dramatic and well-known locations in Britain, this beautiful Victorian lighthouse, built in 1843, perches on top of the White Cliffs of Dover, with outstanding views of the English Channel and the coast of France.
Although it's now decommissioned, it's conserved by the National Trust.
Tarbat Ness Lighthouse, Scotland
The third tallest lighthouse tower in Scotland, at 41 metres, the spectacular red and white striped Tarbat Ness lighthouse stands at the tip of the Tarbat Ness peninsula near the fishing village of Portmahomack on the east coast of Scotland.
First exhibited in 1830, the lighthouse is in a stunning location with unrivalled views across the Moray Firth and Dornoch Firth in the Scottish Highlands.
St John's Point Lighthouse, County Down, Northern Ireland
Set in a remote and beautiful spot, the unusual St John’s Point Lighthouse in gorgeous County Down has a tall 40 metres tower marked with vibrant bands of yellow and black. Its light was first exhibited in 1844, and although it was originally white, it was painted in its distinctive black and yellow hues in 1954.
With views over the Irish Sea and the Mourne Mountains this unique lighthouse is one of 70 lighthouses operated by the Commissioners of Irish Lights.
Start Point Lighthouse, Devon
Start Point is one of the most exposed peninsulas on the English coast, running sharply almost a mile into the sea on the south side of Start Bay, near Dartmouth.
The lighthouse, sited at the very end of the headland, has guided vessels in passage along the English Channel for over 150 years. Its 28 metres white tower has a gothic style, with a battlemented parapet.
Souter Lighthouse, Tyne & Wear
The iconic red and white beacon of Souter Lighthouse stands in the village of Marsden, near Sunderland. First lit in 1871, Souter is 23 metres high and is surrounded by miles of grassy fields, spectacular cliffs and rocky bays.
The lighthouse was decommissioned in 1988, but is owned by the National Trust.
Bishop Rock Lighthouse, Scilly Isles
Standing majestically on a remote rock ledge, 46m long by 16m wide, four miles west of the Scilly Isles, the dramatic Bishop Rock Lighthouse is known as 'King of the Lighthouses'. Its impressive structure makes it the second tallest lighthouse in Britain, after the Eddystone Lighthouse, and it marks the most South Westerly point in Britain.
Only accessible by boat, Bishop Rock's light was first exhibited in 1858. The rocks it stands on rise sheer from a depth of 45 metres, exposed to the full force of the Atlantic Ocean, making this one of the most hazardous sites for the construction of a lighthouse.
South Stack Lighthouse, Wales
Set in a spectacular location to the north-west of Holyhead, the tiny islet known as South Stack Rock lies separated from Holyhead Island by 30m of turbulent sea. The coastline from the breakwater and around the south western shore is made of large granite cliffs rising sheer from the sea to 60 metres. First lit in 1809, South Stack's stunning white lighthouse is approached by a footbridge via 400 steps cut into the cliff face.
South Stack is one of 64 lighthouses run by the Lighthouse Authority Trinity House, and its spokesperson Neil Jones says: “Trinity House lighthouses are world famous, whether they are offshore granite towers or pastoral clifftop beacons with broad white cottages.
“Often sited in spectacular locations, from the rock-girt west coast to the shifting sands of the east coast via the congested highway that is the English Channel, they perform a vital role in the safety of mariners in all weathers.”
For more information about lighthouses, visit www.trinityhouse.co.uk , and the Association of Lighthouse Keepers www.alk.org.uk
Where's your favourite lighthouse? Share your favourites in the Comments box below.
Question:
Which authority looks after Britain’s lighthouses?
Answer:
Trinity House
Passage:
Rebecca | novel by du Maurier | Britannica.com
Rebecca | novel by du Maurier | Britannica.com
novel by du Maurier
To Kill a Mockingbird
Rebecca, Gothic suspense novel by Daphne du Maurier , published in 1938. This highly successful romantic novel is narrated by the unnamed protagonist known only as the second Mrs. de Winter. A shy, awkward young woman, she adores her wealthy, brooding husband, Maxim, with whom she lives at Manderley, his estate in Cornwall . The narrator feels inferior to Rebecca , Maxim’s late first wife, who personifies glamour and gaiety, and she thinks that she cannot compete with this dead paragon to win Maxim’s love. Mrs. Danvers, the sinister housekeeper, especially wounds the narrator by constantly mentioning how much Maxim had loved, and would always love, Rebecca. The narrator lives under this shadow until she learns the true nature of her husband’s first marriage.
Joan Fontaine (left) as Mrs. de Winter and Judith Anderson as Mrs. Danvers in Alfred Hitchcock’s …
Courtesy of United Artists Corporation
Learn More in these related articles:
novel
an invented prose narrative of considerable length and a certain complexity that deals imaginatively with human experience, usually through a connected sequence of events involving a group of persons in a specific setting. Within its broad framework, the genre of the novel has encompassed an...
1 Reference found in Britannica Articles
Assorted Reference
discussed in biography   (in Dame Daphne du Maurier )
External Links
Rebecca - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)
The Gothic suspense novel Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier and published in 1938. This highly successful romantic novel is narrated by the unnamed protagonist known only as the second Mrs. de Winter. A shy, awkward young woman, she adores her wealthy, brooding husband, Maxim. They live together at Manderley, his estate in Cornwall, England. The narrator feels inferior to Rebecca, Maxim’s late first wife, who personifies glamor and gaiety, and she thinks that she cannot compete with this dead paragon to win Maxim’s love. Mrs. Danvers, the sinister housekeeper, especially wounds the narrator by constantly mentioning how much Maxim had loved, and would always love, Rebecca. The narrator lives under this shadow until she learns the true nature of her husband’s first marriage.
Article History
Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article! Contact our editors with your feedback.
MEDIA FOR:
You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.
Edit Mode
Submit
Tips For Editing
We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)
Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
Submit
Thank You for Your Contribution!
Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.
Uh Oh
There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close
Date Published: February 05, 2013
URL: https://www.britannica.com/topic/Rebecca-novel
Access Date: January 20, 2017
Share
Question:
Mrs Danvers is the sinister housekeeper in which 1938 novel
Answer:
Rifkah
Passage:
V-2: WORLD'S FIRST BALLISTIC MISSILE - National Air and ...
The V-2 Missile
 
V-2: WORLD'S FIRST BALLISTIC           MISSILE
V-2,                   or Vengeance Weapon 2 (Vergeltungswaffe zwei), was the                   name Nazi propagandists gave to the first ballistic missile used                   to strike distant targets. German Army Ordnance had been developing                   rocketry since the 1930s, aiming to create a long-range missile                   and exploring the use of rocket-powered aircraft. The liquid-propellant                   V-2 missile was first flown successfully from Peenemï¿½nde, Germany,                   on the Baltic Sea in October 1942.
Late                     in World War II, Germany launched almost 3,000 V-2s against                     England, France, and Belgium. After the war, the United States                     and the Soviet Union used captured V-2s as a basis for developing                     their own large rockets.
Question:
What was the name of the world's first long-range ballistic misisle, developed by the Nazis in 1944?
Answer:
A4 (rocket)
Passage:
Puzzles - Wine and Cheese - Hard Facts
Puzzles - Wine and Cheese
Another QM with an aversion to question marks  
1. What country is Pecarino cheese from.
2. What country is Sukhindol wine from.
3. What type of milk is Roquefort cheese made from.
4. Along which river is most of France's Sauvignon Blanc cultivated.
5. What is added to Cheddar cheese to make Ilchester cheese.
6. What is a crate of twelve bottles of wine called.
7. Which cheese is known as the King of English cheeses.
8. What is the German label term indicating a high quality wine.
9. Which well known cheese is transported in cyclindrical wood-chip boxes.
10. How many normal size wine bottles in a Methuselah.
3. What type of milk is Roquefort cheese made from.  Ewes' milk
8. What is the German label term indicating a high quality wine.  Qualitatswein
1. What country is Pecarino cheese from.
Italy
3. What type of milk is Roquefort cheese made from.
sheep (oops, sorry Midge didn't see you come in there)
6. What is a crate of twelve bottles of wine called.
Case, aka a bloody good time was had by all
7. Which cheese is known as the King of English cheeses.
Stilton????
2. What country is Sukhindol wine from.
Bulgaria
4. Along which river is most of France's Sauvignon Blanc cultivated.
Loire
9. Which well known cheese is transported in cyclindrical wood-chip boxes.
Camembert
10. How many normal size wine bottles in a Methuselah.
eight
6. What is a crate of twelve bottles of wine called.
Case, aka a bloody good time was had by all
  Oh I remember that, back in the day....
Well done all
5. What is added to Cheddar cheese to make Ilchester cheese.
Beer and Garlic
Well I Never Knew Dat.
And I don't think I wan't any.
Question:
Which well known cheese is transported in cyclindrical wood-chip boxes.
Answer:
Camembert
Passage:
Duffel coat
A duffel coat, is a coat made from duffel, a coarse, thick, woollen material. The name derives from Duffel, a town in the province of Antwerp in Belgium where the material originated. Duffel bags were originally made from the same material. The duffel coat may have initially come from the Polish military frock coat, which was developed in the 1820s. The hood and toggle fastenings proved popular and it spread across Europe by the 1850s. By 1890 it was being supplied to the British Royal Navy, and Field Marshal Montgomery was a famous wearer of the coat in World War II. After the war, the coats became available as government surplus stock and became popular, especially with students.

The coat is made of dense woollen cloth, and distinctive features include a capacious hood that can be worn over a uniform cap, three or four wood or horn toggles with leather loops for ease of fastening when wearing gloves, a buttonable strap neck and two large outside patch pockets. Early versions were knee-length but later ones were shorter. Modern coats are made in a softer woollen material. The coat has had many notable wearers and is associated with left-wing politics.

Description

There are many varying styles to the duffel coat, although the original British style would be composed of the following features:
* Made of genuine double weave Duffel, lined with a woolly tartan pattern, or self-coloured on the wartime version.
* A buttonable neck strap.
* Three or later, four front wooden or horn toggle-fastenings with rope or leather loops to attach them to, thus also known as a "toggle coat," especially in the United States.
* Two large outside patch pockets, with covering flaps on post-war versions.
* Originally knee length, shorter on later versions.
* Bucket hood with press stud adjustment. Later versions feature a neater "pancake" hood.

The wooden toggle-fastenings were made to be easily fastened and unfastened while wearing gloves in cold weather at sea. Current designs often have toggles made of buffalo horn, or plastic. The oversized hood offered enough room to wear over a Naval cap.

After rain, a duffle coat has a characteristic smoky smell.

History

The initial influence of what became the duffle coat, may have been the hooded Polish military frock coat, which was developed in the 1820s. It had the unusual features of a toggle closure and an integrated hood,  and by 1850 had spread through Europe.[http://www.gentlemansgazette.com/duffle-coat-guide-history-details/ "Duffle coat history"] Gentleman's Gazette In the 1850s, outerwear manufacturer John Partrige developed the first version of the duffle coat.[http://angelasancartier.net/duffle-coat "Duffle coat"], Encyclopedia of clothing and fashion

In the 1890s the British Admiralty chose a number of manufacturers to produce duffle coats for the British Royal Navy,  where it was referred to as the "convoy coat"  The navy issued a camel-coloured variant of it as an item of warm clothing during World War I,

The design of the coat was modified slightly and widely issued during World War II. Field Marshal Montgomery was a famous wearer of the coat,  as a means of identifying himself with his troops, leading to another nickname, "Monty coat".

Large stocks of post-war military surplus coats available at reasonable prices to the general public meant that these coats became a ubiquitous and popular item of clothing in the 1950s and 1960s especially among students. The British firm Gloverall purchased surplus military supply of coats after World War II, and in 1954 started producing their own version of the Duffle coat using leather fastenings and Buffalo horn toggles with a double-faced check back fabric, and many other modern versions copy some or all of those features. 

Modern times

In modern times, the type of fabric used to make duffel coats is known as Melton cloth, as opposed to modern duffel cloth which is a softer wool fabric with a distinct nap, used for high-end coats and parkas.

Noted wearers

In the 1949 movie The Third Man, a main character, British Major Calloway (Trevor Howard), wears a duffle coat in nearly all of his scenes.

For many years they were seen in the popular press as a form of uniform for stereotyped supporters of the left wing, as characterised by Labour leader Michael Foot. Other famous duffle coat wearers include members of Scottish band Belle and Sebastian, American businessman David Woodard, English actor Dudley Moore, television character Jonathan Creek, children's book and television character Paddington Bear, Ed Helms as Andy Bernard in the American version of the popular British television comedy show The Office, and all members of the English rock music group Oasis on the cover of their 1995 hit single "Roll with it".
Question:
What style of coat was referred to in the Royal Navy as a ‘Convoy Coat’?
Answer:
Duffel Coat
Passage:
10 Largest Islands In The World | 10 Most Today
10 Largest Islands In The World - 10 Most Today
10 Largest Islands In The World
1. Greenland, Denmark – 2,130,800 km2 (822,706 sq ml). Greenland possesses the world’s second largest ice sheet, and has a population of around 56,000 people
10 Largest Islands In The World: Greenland
[put_links_units_468_15]
2. New Guinea, Indonesia & Papua New Guinea – 785,753 km2 (303,381 sq ml) and a population of 7.5 million. With some 786,000 km of tropical land — less than one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the Earth’s surface — New Guinea has an immense biodiversity, containing between 5% and 10% of the total species on the planet
10 Largest Islands In The World: New guinea
 
3. Borneo, Asia – 748,168 km2 (288,869 sq ml). The island of Borneo is the largest island in Asia and is divided among 3 countries: Brunei & Indonesia & Malaysia.
10 Largest Islands In The World: Borneo
4. Madagascar, Madagascar – 587,713 km2 (226,917 sq ml) Located off the eastern coast of southern Africa, east of Mozambique
10 Largest Islands In The World: Madagascar
 
5. Baffin Island, Canada – 507,451 km2 (195,928 sq ml). The largest island in Canada with a population of only 11,000
10 Largest Islands In The World: Baffin Island
 
6. Sumatra, Indonesia – 473,481km2 (184,954 sq ml). It is the largest island that is entirely in Indonesia and has a population of almost 50 million. Its biggest city is Medan with over 4 million in the greater urban area.
10 Largest Islands In The World: Sumatra
 
7. Honshu, Japan – 225,800km2 (87,182 sq ml) is the largest and most populous island of Japan and the second most populous after Indonesia’s Java island.
10 Largest Islands In The World: Honshu
 
8. Victoria Island, Canada – 217,291km2 (83,897 sq ml) is Canada’s second largest island and slightly larger than the island of Great Britain
10 Largest Islands In The World: Victoria Island
9. Great Britain, United Kingdom – 209,331km2 (80,823 sq ml) is the largest European island and the largest of the British Isles. With a population of about 62 million people it is the third most populous island in the world
10 Largest Islands In The World: Great Britain
 
10. Ellesmere Island, Canada – 196,236km2 (75,767 sq ml) is the tenth largest island in the world and Canada’s third largest island
10 Largest Islands In The World: Ellesmere Island
Question:
What is Canada's largest island?
Answer:
Baffin Island
Passage:
Cucumber Palace King Hybrid (Oriental) - Burpee Seeds
Cucumber Seeds - Grow Burpless, Pickling, Asian and Slicing Cucumber Plants at Burpee.com
View all Vegetables
Cucumber Seeds
Burpless' cucumbers, both American and Asian types, contain low or no cucurbitacin, the compound that causes bitterness and increases one's susceptibility to 'burping' after eating the fruits. Frequent watering will also decrease fruit bitterness.
Sort By:
Fresh salads right at your backdoor!
$22.95
Whopping fruits with vibrant flavor and few seeds.
$6.95
Grow fresh veggies in a limited space!
$19.95
Heirloom varieties for a unique garden.
$17.95
By far the sweetest flavor you'll find in any burpless English cucumber.
$6.95
This is the highest yielding burpless cucumber we've found yet.
$5.95
The perfect pickling cucumber—petite and crunchy.
$5.95
A cucumber superstar, this classic has excellent flavor and is widely adapted.
$4.95
Tiny, sweet treats have sweet cucumber flavor combined with a tangy sourness.
$4.95
White-spined fruits have classic pickle look, deep green with paler stripes.
$5.95
They don't come any sweeter than this English cucumber. A Burpee exclusive.
$4.95
You won't believe the large number of crisp, bright green slicers you'll get.
$6.95  -  $14.95
2014 AAS Regional Award Winner!
$6.95
Cool, crisp flesh with great flavor
$3.95
Perfect for the patio, snacking and pickling. Exceptional yields.
$6.95
Early-maturing, black-spined pickles, on full-sized vines.
$5.95
Lemon yellow cucumbers are tender and sweet, excellent for salads and pickling.
$3.95
Chinese variety of delicious, burpless cucumber: bright-tasting and crisp.
$3.95
Slicing cucumber with sweet flavor.
$6.95
A flavorful new "lunch-box" cucumber from Germany.
$4.95
Bears huge crops of gorgeous English cucumbers.
$4.95
Crisp, crunchy texture means you can fix these cucumbers in all sorts of new ways.
$5.95
Stays crisp longer than any cucumber we've tried.
$6.95
Question:
Which vegetable has varieties called Tokyo Slicer and King of the Rage?
Answer:
Lebanese cucumber
Passage:
Barista
A barista (;  or ; from the Italian for "bartender") is a person, usually a coffeehouse employee, who prepares and serves espresso-based coffee drinks.

Etymology and inflection

The word barista  is an Italian word, and in Italy, a barista is a male or female "bartender", who typically works behind a counter, serving hot drinks (such as espresso), cold alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and snacks.

The native plural in English is baristas, while in Italian the plural is baristi for masculine or mixed sex (baristi: "barmen", "bartenders") or bariste for feminine (bariste: "barmaids").

Application of the title

While the title is not regulated, most coffee shops use the title to describe the preparer of coffee and operator of an espresso machine. 

Baristas generally operate a commercial espresso machine, and their role is preparing and pulling the shot; the degree to which this is automated or done manually varies significantly, ranging from push-button operation to an involved manual process. Espresso is a notoriously finicky beverage, and good manual espresso making is considered a skilled task. Further, preparation of other beverages, particularly milk-based drinks such as cappuccinos and lattes, but also non-espresso coffee such as drip or press pot, requires additional work and skill for effective frothing, pouring and most often latte art.

The barista usually has been trained to operate the machine and to prepare the coffee based on the guidelines of the roaster or shop owner, while more experienced baristas may have discretion to vary preparation or experiment.

To make the coffee well, there is a series of steps needing attention, including grinding the beans, extracting the coffee, frothing the milk and pouring. 

Beyond the preparation of espresso and other beverages and general customer service, skilled baristas acquire knowledge of the entire process of coffee to effectively prepare a desired cup of coffee, including maintenance and programming of the machine, grinding methods, roasting, and coffee plant cultivation, similar to how a sommelier is familiar with the entire process of wine making and consumption. A barista can acquire these skills by attending training classes, but they are more commonly learned on the job.

Competition

Formal barista competitions originated in Norway,  and today the most prestigious is the World Barista Championships, held annually at varied international locations.  Baristas worldwide compete, though they must first compete in a competition held in their own country to qualify to enter in the WBC.

Training 

There are many schools providing barista training worldwide, many of which belong to the [http://www.scaeitalia.com/ Specialty Coffee Association of Europe (SCAE)].
Question:
A barista makes and serves what?
Answer:
Kawha
Passage:
World Table Tennis Championships
The World Table Tennis Championships have been held since 1926, biennially since 1957. Five individual events, which include men's singles, women's singles, men's doubles, women's double and mixed doubles, are currently held in odd numbered years. The World Team Table Tennis Championships, which include men's team and women's team events, were first their own competition in 2000. The Team Championships are held in even numbered years.

In the earlier days of the tournament, Hungary's men's team was a dominant force, winning the championships 12 times. From the 1960s onwards, China emerged as the new dominant power in this tournament and, with the exception of 1989-2000, when Sweden won four times, China continues to dominate the sport. China's men's team holds a record 18 world team championship titles.

In the 1950s, Japan's women team was a force to be reckoned with winning a total of 8 titles. The Chinese women started their strong grip on the world team championships from the 1970s onwards. They have only lost twice since 1975. China holds 18 women's team titles. Singapore's women team holds the title in 2010.

Trophies 

There are 7 different trophies presented to the winners of each event, held by winning associations, and returned for the next world championships. 
*Swaythling Cup for Men's Team: donated in 1926 by 
Lady Baroness Swaythling, mother of the first ITTF President, Ivor Montagu.
*Corbillon Cup for Women's Team: donated in 1933 by Marcel Corbillon, President of the French Table Tennis Association. The German women's team won the Cup in 1939, but the original Cup disappeared during Berlin occupation after World War II. The Corbillon Cup is now a replica made in 1949.
*St. Bride Vase for Men's Singles: donated in 1929 by C.Corti Woodcock, member of the exclusive St. Bride Table Tennis Club in London. After Fred Perry of England won the title in Budapest.
*Geist Prize for Women's Singles: donated in 1931 by Dr. Gaspar Geist, President of the Hungarian Table Tennis Association.
*Iran Cup for Men's Doubles: first presented at the 1947 World Championships by the Shah of Iran.
*W.J. Pope Trophy for Women's Doubles: donated in 1948 by the ITTF Honorary General Secretary W.J. Pope.
*Heydusek Cup for Mixed Doubles: donated in 1948 by Zdenek Heydusek, Secretary of the Czechoslovakia Association.

And the Egypt Cup is presented to the next host of world championships. The Cup was donated by King Farouk of Egypt in 1939, when the championships was held in Cairo, Egypt.

Venues 

Beginning in 2003 the International Table Tennis Federation split the World Championships apart into an Individual event and a Team event.

Medal Table (1999-2013) only Individual Events

*bestsports.com.be 

Results of Individual Events

Results of Team Events
Question:
The Swaythling Cup for men and the Corbillon Cup for women are the World Team Championships in which racket sport?
Answer:
Ping-pang Ch'iu
Passage:
Meow Mix
Meow Mix is a variety of dry and wet cat food known for its advertising jingle.  It is a product of The J.M. Smucker Company as of March 23, 2015. Meow Mix was introduced in 1974 and sells many flavors too. It also is known for selling Alley Cat dry cat food. Their current slogan is "It's all about the mix".

Company background

The Meow Mix Company operates from a 200000 sqft facility in Decatur, Alabama and produces Alley Cat brand cat food products.  Originally a product of Ralston Purina, Meow Mix was divested for antitrust reasons in the early 2000s. The brand was acquired by Del Monte Foods in May, 2006. Their most famous slogan is, “Tastes so good, cats ask for it by name.”
The company was acquired by The Cypress Group, a New York-based private equity firm in a $425 million leveraged buyout in 2003.  Three years later, Del Monte Foods acquired the company for $705 million.    The company had also been owned by J.W. Childs Associates which acquired the business in 2001 for $160 million.  On March 23, 2015, parent company Big Heart Pet Brands was acquired by The J.M. Smucker Company. 

Jingles

"The Meow Mix Theme" was written by Shelley Palmer in 1970 and performed by a singing cat.  The theme's lyrics is 'Meow meow meow meow' repeated multiple times, with various cats moving their mouths and captions on the bottom as if the cats were verbally speaking. The idea came from Ron Travisano, at the advertising agency of Della Femina Travisano and Partners, who had the account with Ralston Purina in 1974.  Travisano put together film footage with editor Jay Gold, looping images of a cat to make it look like it was singing. The music was then composed by Tom McFaul of the jingle house Lucas/McFaul, one of the major jingle-composing houses at the time. Working from Travisano's film, McFaul wrote and produced music to fit, with the actual meowing performed by professional singer Linda November.  

Travisano then came up with the idea of adding English subtitles, along with a bouncing ball pointing out the words. 

Products

The brand includes a variety of dry cat foods, wet foods, and treats, including the new Meow-Mix Tender Centers cat food.

Meow Mix House

Meow Mix House was a reality TV show created by Meow Mix in the format of Survivor. Ten cats rescued from animal shelters nationwide (including the ASPCA in New York, Touched by an Animal in Chicago, and Kitten Rescue in Los Angeles) competed for a grand prize — an executive-level position with the Meow Mix Company. These three-minute reality TV segments aired on Animal Planet for ten consecutive weeks, beginning on June 16, 2006. The cats were viewable full-time via webcam and were adopted as they were voted off of the show, receiving a year’s supply of Meow Mix as a consolation prize. Weekly contest winners for areas such as “Best Purr” and “Greatest Post Climber” were decided by a panel of judges. Two winners were chosen — one through professional judges, and a second by TV viewers. The company stated that the winner received the title of Meow Mix’s “feline vice president of research,” as well as becoming part of a new family. A second corporate position was provided to the cat voted most popular by viewers. It was possible that they would do a second season.

Miami’s Cisco won the top prize of VP of R&D at Meow Mix, and Ellis from Portland won the title of viewers’ choice winner.

Varieties

Meow Mix comes in many varieties, including Meow Mix Original Choice, Meow Mix Seafood Selections, Meow Mix Indoor Formula, Meow Mix Tender Centers and (Now discontinued) Meow Mix Market Select.

Ingredients

Note: ingredient list for Meow Mix Original Choice Dry Cat Food

Ground Yellow Corn, Corn Gluten Meal, Chicken By-Product Meal, Soybean Meal, Beef Tallow Preserved with Mixed-Tocopherols (Source of Vitamin E), Turkey By-Product Meal, Salmon Meal, Oceanfish Meal, Brewers Dried Yeast, Phosphoric Acid, Animal Digest, Calcium Carbonate, Potassium Chloride, Tetra Sodium Pyrophosphate, Calcium Chloride, Choline Chloride, Added Color (Red 40, Yellow 5, Blue 2 and other colors), Salt, Taurine, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, L-alanine, Niacin, Vitamin Supplements
Question:
What "tastes so good, cats ask for it by name"?
Answer:
Meow Mix (cat food)
