Passage:
Thuluth
Thuluth ( sols, Turkish: Sülüs, from  ' "one-third") is a script variety of Islamic calligraphy invented by Ibn Muqlah Shirazi. The straight angular forms of Kufic were replaced in the new script by curved and oblique lines. In Thuluth, one-third of each letter slopes, from which the name (meaning "a third" in Arabic) comes. An alternative theory to the meaning is that the smallest width of the letter is one third of the widest part. It is an elegant, cursive script, used in medieval times on mosque decorations. Various calligraphic styles evolved from Thuluth through slight changes of form.

History

The greatest contributions to the evolution of the Thuluth script, occurred during Ottoman Empire in three successive steps that Ottoman Art Historians call "calligraphical revolutions":

*The first revolution occurred in the 15th century and was initiated by the Master Calligrapher Şeyh Hamdullah.[http://www.kalemguzeli.net/huseyin-kutlu-hat-sanati-kalemi-sevk-edebilmektir.html Hüseyin Kutlu: Hat sanatı kalemi şevk edebilmektir - Kalem Güzeli][http://www.columbia.edu/itc/mealac/pritchett/00xcallig/mughalearly/zzturkey/hamdullah1500s.html hamdullah1500s]
*The second revolution resulted from the work of the Ottoman calligrapher Hâfız Osman in the 17th century.[http://www.istanbul.edu.tr/Bolumler/guzelsanat/kitap.htm Kitap Sanatı] 
*Finally, in the late 19th century, Mehmed Şevkî Efendi gave the script the distinctive shape it has today.[http://sanattarihi.wordpress.com/2006/10/01/mehmed-sevki-efendi-2/ Mehmed Şevki Efendi « Sanat Tarihi] [http://www.turkislamsanatlari.com/sevkiefendi.asp Türk Ýslam Sanatlarý - Tezyini Sanatlar]

Artists

The best known artist to write the Thuluth script at its zenith is said to be Mustafa Râkım Efendi (1757–1826), a painter who set a standard in Ottoman calligraphy which many believe has not been surpassed to this day.[http://calligrapher.blogsome.com/2006/04/20/rakim-mustafa-rakim-1757-1826/ Journal of Ottoman Calligraphy :: RAKIM: “Mustafa Rakim” (1757 - 1826) :: April :: 2006]

Usage

Thuluth was used to write the headings of surahs, Qur'anic chapters. Some of the oldest copies of the Qur'an were written in Thuluth. Later copies were written in a combination of Thuluth and either Naskh or Muhaqqaq. After the 15th century Naskh came to be used exclusively.

The script is used in the Flag of Saudi Arabia where its text, Shahada al Tawhid, is written in Thuluth.

Style

An important aspect of Thuluth script is the use of harakat ("hareke" in Turkish) to represent vowel sounds and of certain other stylistic marks to beautify the script. The rules governing the former are similar to the rules for any Arabic script. The stylistic marks have their own rules regarding placement and grouping which allow for great creativity as to shape and orientation. For example, one grouping technique is to separate the marks written below letters from those written above.

Scripts developed from Thuluth

Since its creation, Thuluth has given rise to a variety of scripts used in calligraphy and over time has allowed numerous modifications. Jeli Thuluth was developed for use in large panels, such as those on tombstones. Muhaqqaq script was developed by widening the horizontal sections of the letters in Thuluth. Naskh script introduced a number of modifications resulting in smaller size and greater delicacy. Tevki is a smaller version of Thuluth .

Ruq'ah was probably derived from the Thuluth and Naskh styles, the latter itself having originated from Thuluth.
Question:
The script of Thuluth, a variety of Islamic calligraphy, is seen on the flag of what country?
Answer:
Saudia Arabia
Passage:
Amazon - definition of Amazon by The Free Dictionary
Amazon - definition of Amazon by The Free Dictionary
Amazon - definition of Amazon by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Amazon
 (ăm′ə-zŏn′, -zən)
n.
1. A member of a legendary nation of women warriors reputed to have lived in ancient Scythia.
2. often amazon A tall, aggressive, strong-willed woman.
3. often amazon Any of various predominantly green parrots of the genus Amazona, native to Central and South America and sometimes kept as pets.
[Middle English, from Latin Amāzōn, from Greek Amazōn, probably of Iranian origin.]
Word History: In classical legend, the Amazons were a tribe of warrior women. Their name is supposedly derived from Greek a-mazos, "without a breast," because according to the legend they cut off their right breasts so as to be better able to shoot with a bow and arrow. This folk etymology, like most folk etymologies, is incorrect, but the Amazons of legend are not so completely different from the historical Amazons, who were also warriors. The historical Amazons were Scythians, an Iranian people renowned for their cavalry. The first Greeks to come into contact with the Iranians were the Ionians, who lived on the coast of Asia Minor and were constantly threatened by the Persians, the most important of the Iranian peoples. Amazōn is the Ionian Greek form of the Iranian word ha-mazan, "fighting together." The regular Greek form would be hamazōn, but because the Ionians dropped their aitches like Cockneys, hamazōn became amazōn, the form taken into the other Greek dialects.
amazon
(ˈæməzən)
n
(Animals) any of various tropical American parrots of the genus Amazona, such as A. farinosa (green amazon), having a short tail and mainly green plumage
Amazon
(ˈæməzən)
n
1. (Classical Myth & Legend) Greek myth one of a race of women warriors of Scythia near the Black Sea
2. (Non-European Myth & Legend) one of a legendary tribe of female warriors of South America
3. (often not capital) any tall, strong, or aggressive woman
[C14: via Latin from Greek Amazōn, of uncertain origin]
Amazonian adj
(ˈæməzən)
n
(Placename) a river in South America, rising in the Peruvian Andes and flowing east through N Brazil to the Atlantic: in volume, the largest river in the world; navigable for 3700 km (2300 miles). Length: over 6440 km (4000 miles). Area of basin: over 5 827 500 sq km (2 250 000 sq miles)
Am•a•zon
(ˈæm əˌzɒn, -zən)
n.
1. a river in N South America, flowing E from the Peruvian Andes through N Brazil to the Atlantic Ocean: the largest river in the world in volume of water carried. 3900 mi. (6280 km) long.
2. (in legends of the ancient Greeks) a member of a nation of female warriors.
3. (often l.c.) a tall, powerful, forceful woman.
[< Latin Amazōn < Greek Amazṓn, of obscure orig.]
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
Question:
The name of which legendary race of warrior-women that supposedly lived in Asia Minor means 'without breasts'?
Answer:
Iodoce
Passage:
What is narcolepsy, symptoms & causes - WebMD
What is narcolepsy, symptoms & causes - WebMD
How Is Narcolepsy Treated?
Narcolepsy is a neurological disorder that affects the control of sleep and wakefulness. People with narcolepsy experience excessive daytime sleepiness and intermittent, uncontrollable episodes of falling asleep during the daytime. These sudden sleep attacks may occur during any type of activity at any time of the day.
In a typical sleep cycle , we initially enter the early stages of sleep followed by deeper sleep stages and ultimately (after about 90 minutes) rapid eye movement (REM) sleep . For people suffering from narcolepsy, REM sleep occurs almost immediately in the sleep cycle, as well as periodically during the waking hours. It is in REM sleep that we can experience dreams and muscle paralysis -- which explains some of the symptoms of narcolepsy.
Narcolepsy usually begins between the ages of 15 and 25, but it can become apparent at any age. In many cases, narcolepsy is undiagnosed and, therefore, untreated.
What Causes Narcolepsy?
The cause of narcolepsy is not known; however, scientists have made progress toward identifying genes strongly associated with the disorder. These genes control the production of chemicals in the brain that may signal sleep and awake cycles. Some experts think narcolepsy may be due to a deficiency in the production of a chemical called hypocretin by the brain . In addition, researchers have discovered abnormalities in various parts of the brain involved in regulating REM sleep . These abnormalities apparently contribute to symptom development. According to experts, it is likely narcolepsy involves multiple factors that interact to cause neurological dysfunction and REM sleep disturbances.
What Are the Symptoms of Narcolepsy?
Symptoms of narcolepsy include:
Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS): In general, EDS interferes with normal activities on a daily basis, whether or not a person with narcolepsy has sufficient sleep at night. People with EDS report mental cloudiness, a lack of energy and concentration, memory lapses, a depressed mood, and/or extreme exhaustion.
Cataplexy: This symptom consists of a sudden loss of muscle tone that leads to feelings of weakness and a loss of voluntary muscle control. It can cause symptoms ranging from slurred speech to total body collapse, depending on the muscles involved, and is often triggered by intense emotions such as surprise, laughter, or anger.
Hallucinations : Usually, these delusional experiences are vivid and frequently frightening. The content is primarily visual, but any of the other senses can be involved. These are called hypnagogic hallucinations when accompanying sleep onset and hypnopompic hallucinations when they occur during awakening.
Sleep paralysis : This symptom involves the temporary inability to move or speak while falling asleep or waking up. These episodes are generally brief, lasting a few seconds to several minutes. After episodes end, people rapidly recover their full capacity to move and speak.
Continued
How Is Narcolepsy Diagnosed?
A physical exam and exhaustive medical history are essential for proper diagnosis of narcolepsy. However, none of the major symptoms is exclusive to narcolepsy. Several specialized tests, which can be performed in a sleep disorders clinic or sleep lab, usually are required before a diagnosis can be established. Two tests that are considered essential in confirming a diagnosis of narcolepsy are the polysomnogram (PSG) and the multiple sleep latency test (MSLT).
The PSG is an overnight test that takes continuous multiple measurements while a patient is asleep to document abnormalities in the sleep cycle. A PSG can help reveal whether REM sleep occurs at abnormal times in the sleep cycle and can eliminate the possibility that an individual's symptoms result from another condition.
The MSLT is performed during the day to measure a person's tendency to fall asleep and to determine whether isolated elements of REM sleep intrude at inappropriate times during the waking hours. As part of the test, an individual is asked to take four or five short naps usually scheduled two hours apart.
How Is Narcolepsy Treated?
Although there is no cure for narcolepsy, the most disabling symptoms of the disorder (EDS and symptoms of abnormal REM sleep, such as cataplexy) can be controlled in most people with drug treatment. Sleepiness is treated with amphetamine -like stimulants, while the symptoms of abnormal REM sleep are treated with antidepressant drugs.
There has recently been a new medication approved for those who suffer from narcolepsy with cataplexy. This drug, called Xyrem , helps people with narcolepsy get a better night's sleep, allowing them to be less sleepy during the day. Patients with narcolepsy can be substantially helped -- but not cured -- by medical treatment.
Lifestyle adjustments such as avoiding caffeine , alcohol, nicotine, and heavy meals, regulating sleep schedules, scheduling daytime naps (10-15 minutes in length), and establishing a normal exercise and meal schedule may also help to reduce symptoms.
WebMD Medical Reference Reviewed by Varnada  Karriem-Norwood, MD on August 28, 2014
Sources
Question:
What is the medical condition in which a person has an extreme tendency to fall asleep at inappropriate times?
Answer:
Narcelepsy
Passage:
Louis XIV - World history
Louis XIV
Louis XIV
1638 - 1715
French King
Louis XIV was called the Grand Monarch or Sun King.  His 72-year reign was the longest in modern European history.
Louis was the son of Louis XIII, whom he succeeded at the age of five. During his childhood France was ruled by his mother, and her chief minister, Cardinal Mazarin. In 1660 Louis married Maria Theresa, the daughter of Philip IV of Spain.
In 1661 he assumed sole responsibility for government. He initiated an aggressive foreign, particularly against the Dutch; but his major political rivals were the Austrian Habsburgs. From 1665 Louis tried to take  possession of the Spanish Netherlands, but later tried to acquire the whole Spanish inheritance, which led to the War of the Spanish Sucession .
Louis XIV brought France to its peak of absolute power and his words  'L'etat c'est moi' ('I am the state') express the spirit of a rule in  which the king held all political authority. His absolutism brought him into conflict with the Huguenots and the papacy, with damaging repercussions.
His many foreign wars became a financial burden, yet his long reign is associated  with the greatest age of French culture, symbolized by the Palace of Versailles.
www link :
Question:
Give a year in the life of King Louis XIV, the Sun King.
Answer:
1638-1715
Passage:
Clarified butter
Clarified butter is milk fat rendered from butter to separate the milk solids and water from the butterfat.  Typically, it is produced by melting butter and allowing the components to separate by density. The water evaporates, some solids float to the surface and are skimmed off, and the remainder of the milk solids sink to the bottom and are left behind when the butter fat (which would then be on top) is poured off.

Commercial methods of production also include direct evaporation, but may also be accomplished by decantation and centrifugation followed by vacuum drying; or direct from cream by breaking the emulsion followed by centrifugation.  

Properties

Clarified butter has a higher smoke point (485 °F or 252 °C) than regular butter (325-375 °F or 163-190 °C),  and is therefore preferred in some cooking applications, such as sautéing. Clarified butter also has a much longer shelf life than fresh butter. It has negligible amounts of lactose and casein and is, therefore, acceptable to most who have a lactose intolerance or milk allergy. 

Regional variations

In South Asian cuisine and Arab cuisine, clarified butter (ghee) may be cooked long enough to evaporate the water portion and caramelize the milk solids (which are then filtered out), resulting in a nutty flavor.
Question:
What name is given to the cooked and clarified butter, much used in Indian cuisine?
Answer:
GHEE
Passage:
Hablot Knight Browne
Hablot Knight Browne (10 July 1815 – 8 July 1882) was an English artist.  Well-known by his pen name, Phiz, he illustrated books by Charles Dickens, Charles Lever, and Harrison Ainsworth.

Biography

Of Huguenot ancestry, Hablot Knight Browne was born in England, in Lambeth (near London) on Kennington Lane.  He was the fourteenth of Catherine and William Loder Browne's fifteen children. According to Valerie Browne Lester, Phiz was in fact the illegitimate son of his putative eldest sister Kate and Captain Nicholas Hablot of Napoleon's Imperial Guard. There is some uncertainty regarding the exact date of birth. 10 July 1815 is the date given by Valerie Browne Lester, his great-great-granddaughter. John Buchanan-Brown in his book Phiz!: illustrator of Dickens' world says 12 July 1815. The date on his Christening record of 21 December 1815 at St Mary's Church, Lambeth, Surrey, England gives 11 June 1815, as does the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition and 15 June 1815 (Dictionary of National Biography). A copy of the program from his burial service, which is still owned by the Browne family, says he was born 10 July 1815. 

When he was 7 years old, his father William Browne abandoned his family, changed his name to Breton and sailed with embezzled funds to Philadelphia where he became known for his watercolour paintings. William Browne was then declared dead by his wife Catherine. 
Thomas Moxon, husband of William's sister Ann Loder Browne, helped to support the family, who were left badly off.

Browne was apprenticed to William Finden, an engraver, in whose studio he obtained his only artistic education. However, he was unsuited for engraving, and having during 1833 secured an important prize from the Society of Arts for a drawing of John Gilpin, he abandoned engraving in the following year and began other artistic work, with the ultimate object of becoming a painter.

Artistic career

In the spring of 1836, he met Charles Dickens. It was at the time when Dickens was looking for someone to illustrate  Pickwick. Browne had been the illustrator of his little pamphlet Sunday under Three Heads. In the original edition of Pickwick, issued in shilling monthly parts from early in 1836 until the end of 1837, the first seven plates were drawn by Robert Seymour,  who committed suicide in April 1836. The next two plates were by Robert William Buss.

Browne and William Makepeace Thackeray visited the publishers' office with specimens of their work for Dickens's inspection. The novelist preferred Browne. Browne's first two etched plates for Pickwick were signed "Nemo," but the third was signed "Phiz," a pseudonym which was retained in future. When asked to explain why he chose this name he answered that the change from "Nemo" to "Phiz" was made to harmonize better with Dickens's "Boz."

Phiz developed the character Sam Weller graphically just as Seymour had developed Pickwick. Dickens and Phiz became good friends and in 1838 travelled together to Yorkshire to see the schools of which Nicholas Nickleby became the hero: afterwards they made several journeys of this nature in company to facilitate the illustrator's work. Other Dickens characters illustrated by Phiz were Squeers, Micawber, Guppy, Major Bagstock, Mrs Gamp, Tom Pinch and David Copperfield.

Of the ten books by Dickens which Phiz illustrated, he is most known for David Copperfield, Pickwick, Dombey and Son, Martin Chuzzlewit and Bleak House. Browne made several drawings for Punch in his early days and also towards the end of his life. He designed the wrapper which was used for eighteen months from January 1842. He also contributed to Punch's Pocket Books.

In addition to his work for Dickens, Phiz illustrated more than twenty of Lever's novels (among them Harry Lorrequer, Charles O'Malley, Jack Hinton and the Knight of Gwynne). He also illustrated Harrison Ainsworth's and Frank Smedley's novels. Mervyn Clitheroe by Ainsworth is one of the most accomplished of the artist's works. Browne was in continual employment by publishers until 1867, when he suffered an illness that caused a degree of paralysis. After recovering, he produced many woodcuts. In 1878 he was awarded an annuity by the Royal Academy. His health gradually worsened until he died on 8 July 1882.

Most of Browne's work was etched on steel plates because these yielded a far larger edition than copper. Browne was annoyed at some of his etchings being transferred to stone by the publishers and printed as lithographic reproductions. Partly with the view to prevent this treatment of his work, he employed a machine to rule a series of lines over the plate in order to obtain what appeared to be a tint; when manipulated with acid this tint gave an effect somewhat resembling mezzotint, which at that time it was found practically impossible to transfer to stone.

Four of his illustrations were issued as stamps by the Royal Mail in 2012 to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of Charles Dickens. 

Gallery

File:Phiz-Sarony- 1870s.jpg|Browne photographed by Sarony c.1870s
Image:Hablot Knight Browne blue plaque.jpg|Blue plaque, Ladbroke Grove, London
File:Phiz Auriol.jpg|Scene from Auriol by Harrison Ainsworth, 1844
File:Pelham.jpg|Frontispiece to Pelham by Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1849
Question:
What was the pen name of the illustrator Hablot Knight-Brown?
Answer:
Hablot Knight Browne
Passage:
Mermaid Theatre
The Mermaid Theatre was a theatre encompassing the site of Puddle Dock and Curriers' Alley  at Blackfriars in the City of London, and the most recently built in the City since the time of Shakespeare. It was, importantly, also one of the first new theatres to abandon the traditional stage layout; instead a single tier of seats surrounded the stage on three sides.

History

The 20th-century theatre was the life's work of actor Bernard Miles with his wife, Josephine Wilson. His original Mermaid Theatre was a large barn at his house in the St. John's Wood area of London. This seated 200 people, and during 1951 and 1952 was used for concerts, plays and a celebrated opera production of Dido and Aeneas with Kirsten Flagstad, Maggie Teyte and Thomas Hemsley, conducted by Geraint Jones, which was recorded by HMV. For the third season in 1953 the Mermaid Theatre was moved to the Royal Exchange. 

Miles was encouraged to build a permanent theatre and, raising money from public subscriptions, he oversaw the creation of the new building on land formerly occupied by a warehouse. This site was close to the location of an abortive attempt, in the Jacobean era, to build a theatre (named Porter's Hall) for the amalgamation of the Children of the Queen's Revels and Lady Elizabeth's Men. This project, undertaken by Philip Rosseter with distant backing from Henslowe and Alleyn, was ended because of complaints from the neighbourhood's residents.

The new Mermaid Theatre opened in 1959 with a successful production of Lock Up Your Daughters and it was the venue for many other very successful productions, such as Cowardy Custard (often cited as responsible for the revival of interest in Noël Coward's works) and including an annual staging of Treasure Island, with Miles reprising his role of Long John Silver, which he also played in a television version. The Mermaid Theatre also ran the Molecule Club, educating children about science.

In July 1961 the poet and author Sylvia Plath read her poem "Tulips" at the Poetry at the Mermaid Festival, sponsored by the Arts Council of Great Britain. The programme notes that there were twelve commissioned poets at the festival, one of whom was Plath's husband, Ted Hughes.

Other notable productions include the 1978 première of Whose Life Is It Anyway?, with Tom Conti and Rona Anderson. 

Gomba Holdings, a property company owned by Ugandan Asian businessman Abdul Shamji and his family, which claimed to have interests in the Garrick and Duchess theatres as well as Wembley Stadium,  bought the theatre in the mid-1980s in the hope of redeveloping the Puddle Dock site. Bernard Miles' tenure as honorary artistic advisor was abruptly terminated and the theatre's importance declined. In 1989 Abdul Shamji was sentenced to 15-months in prison over his involvement in the Johnson Matthey bank collapse.    Josephine Wilson died in 1990 and Bernard (by then Lord) Miles died in 1991, financially destitute.

Marc Sinden was appointed artistic director in 1993, opening the Bernard Miles Studio as a second performance area,  but left the next year.  Actor Roy Marsden and Vanessa Ford took over the running of the theatre for a few months prior to its eventual closure and the termination of the Shamji family's ownership.

After a further change of ownership the theatre was slated for demolition in 2002 as part of redevelopment plans. Already it had fallen into disuse, the buildings being used more often as a conference centre than a theatre. A preservation campaign by actors and other supporters attempted to reverse the decision. In April 2003 Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, ordered the council to block the demolition. As of March 2005 new plans had been submitted for the redevelopment of the site. Nothing materialised and the building continued to operate primarily as a conference centre. The BBC Concert Orchestra used it for occasional concerts, and the BBC recorded a popular weekly radio show, Friday Night is Music Night that showcased musicians such as the violinist Nigel Kennedy and singer Josh Groban. In 2006, music duo Pet Shop Boys played a mid-length set accompanied by the BBC Concert Orchestra and special guests including Robbie Williams, Francis Barber and Rufus Wainwright which was musically directed by Trevor Horn. The show was documented on the audio release entitled Concrete.

Loss of theatre status, and redevelopment plans

In September 2008 the Corporation of London City Planning Committee, against the advice of the Theatres Trust and noted actors, producers and artistic directors,  granted a certificate that stripped the former playhouse of its theatre status. The move may save the developer £6 million worth of Section 106 funding which it had previously agreed to pay in lieu if it closed the 600-seat Mermaid; the company could be released from the obligation because no theatrical productions have taken place for more than ten years.  The existing plans would see the Puddle Dock building converted into a conference centre and fitness suite, plus offices, a nightclub and retail and restaurant space. Campaigners are concerned that the entire building may be demolished.  John Levitt, former chairman of Save London’s Theatres Campaign, which led the high profile battle to save the venue, branded the decision “a tragedy” and “sheer meanness”.
Question:
At which location in London is the Mermaid Theatre?
Answer:
Puddle Dock
Passage:
prefixes - Etymology for “Mc‑” and “O’‑” prefix in ...
prefixes - Etymology for “Mc‑” and “O’‑” prefix in surnames - English Language & Usage Stack Exchange
Etymology for “Mc‑” and “O’‑” prefix in surnames
6
There is clearly a prefix in names like McDonald, McChrystal, O’Brian, O’Neal.
What does this Mc- and O- prefix signify? It looks like Donald, Chrystal, Brian, Neal are perfectly fine names on their own, so why is there a prefix before it?
  
 
You forgot to mention another prefix for names, that is "Fitz" as in Fitzgerald. It also means "son of" and it clearly shows noble French Norman ancestry. –  Paola Sep 14 '12 at 19:54
1
 
@Paola: "fitz" can be derived from Norman French, true, but that does not mean someone with a surname in Fitz- necessarily has Norman, French, or noble ancestry. –  Marthaª Nov 1 '12 at 13:21
  
 
@Marthaª Fitz was used for bastard-names, so FitzRoy was a natural son of the king .  There are also various sorts of FitzWhatevers, like FitzWilliam or FitzCharles or FitzClarence — all originally “illegitimate” children, but sometimes not forever staying that way. –  tchrist♦ Dec 7 '14 at 23:56
The standard way to form a name using a simple patronymic byname for men is:
    <single given name> mac <father's given name (in genitive case & sometimes lenited)>
which means
    <given name> son <of father's given name>
For example, Donnchadh who is the son of Fearchar mac Domhnaill would be:
    Donnchadh mac Fearchair
The standard way to form a name using an Irish clan affiliation byname for men is:
    <single given name> Ó <eponymous clan ancestor's name (in genitive case)>
which means
  <given name> male descendant <of eponymous clan ancestor>
For example, Donnchadh who is the son of Fearchar Ó Conchobhair would be:
    Donnchadh Ó Conchobhair
which means
    Donnchadh male descendant of Conchobhar
Two common misconceptions are (1) that Mac means "son of" — it actually means just "son", and the "of" comes from putting the father's name into the possessive case; and (2) that Mc is Irish while Mac is Scottish (or vice versa) — actually, Mc and Mac are two ways to write the same thing, and both occur in names from both countries. (What is true is that O' is almost exclusively Irish; despite the romantic notions we have of Scottish clans, they didn't use their clan affiliation in their names.)
Edit: as for why the prefix is used even though the prefix-less names look perfectly fine on their own, this is basically Gaelic grammar and thus out of scope for this site. Suffice it to say, some languages are fine with unmarked patronymics — names that identify the bearer's father using the unmodified given name — but Gaelic is not one of them.
up vote -1 down vote
I found the following quote which could be helpful. It is from David Booth's (1766-1846) book: An Analytical Dictionary of the English Language.
"Words in ITE very generally denote one of a tribe or nation, and as such may be taken substantively, and have the plural. The Old Testament is full of such denominations, such as the Hittites, the Midianites, &c. Like the ides of Homer, they bore the name of their ancestor. The Israelites were the children of Israel, as the Danaides were of Danaus ; in the same manner as the MAC (son) of the Irish, refers to the father of the tribe, to whose name the syllable is prefixed. Such PATRONYMICS (father-names), as they are called, exist among all nations."
Page  xcvii (or pdf page 113) Source: https://archive.org/details/analyticaldictio00bootuoft
Question:
The Gaelic-originating surname prefix Mac or Mc meant originally?
Answer:
Male issue
Passage:
Daewoo Nubira
The Daewoo Nubira is a compact car which was produced by South Korean automaker Daewoo from 1997 to 2002 as a sedan, hatchback, and wagon.

Overview

Daewoo Nubira (J100 platform) was released in 1997 reflecting Daewoo's new found design and manufacturing prowess. Built in Kunsan, South Korea in a factory equipped with sophisticated laser-guided robots, it was developed as a replacement for the Daewoo Nexia and styled in Italy by Italian I.DE.A Institute. Engineering was carried out and overseen by former Porsche engineer Ulrich Bez (later of Aston Martin) using experience Daewoo gained from manufacturing previous GM platforms. The name Nubira (누비라) is the command form of the Korean verb Nubida (누비다), meaning to crisscross.  Thus the name was chosen to convey the aspiration that this car would be seen crisscrossing every corner of the globe.

The Nubira II (J150) was released for model year 2000. Over 90 improvements were made by Daewoo's Worthing Technical Centre in the United Kingdom, including an increase in passenger space and a decrease in noise, harshness and vibration (by adding a fourth engine mount and retuning the intake resonators for example). Offset crash performance was further improved in the second generation, as demonstrated by Australian ANCAP tests, though it fell well short of exemplary performance. The exterior was reworked, creating a more dynamic upright and swept look of the era, a design later seen reflected by the Lexus ES350 and 2004 Mitsubishi Diamante.

In the United States, the Nubira was marketed with Daewoo's smaller subcompact Lanos and midsize Leganza. Daewoo had a difficult time entering the US auto market due to financial trouble at home; with 2002 being the last model year available due to bankruptcy and a lack of new product. In North America, the cars are relatively obscure, if not rare, and sourcing parts for them became relatively difficult; though many powertrain parts were shared worldwide with other GM platforms (Opel, Holden, Isuzu). 

Buyers could opt for either the base SE models, (mid range SX only available for 1999) or the premium CDX with standard features such as ABS, heated mirrors, cruise control, in-dash CD player and optional leather seating and power sunroof.

United States Nubira models came equipped only with an Australian built Holden produced DOHC 16-valve 2.0-liter inline-4 General Motors "D-Tec" gasoline engine paired with either a Daewoo-designed D-20 five-speed manual transaxle or optional GM sourced 4T40E auto. Producing 136 lbft torque at 4,400 rpm, the GM Family-II engine had a square 3.4" stroke and a 3.4" bore and at 5,400 rpm making 129 bhp. International market Nubiras had a choice of a Daewoo "E-Tech" 1.6, or Holden 1.8 or 2.0-litre inline-four gasoline engines: no diesel version was ever offered, although the Worthing Technical Centre installed Renault's F8 1.9-litre engine in a small number of test vehicles, under a development programme known as J151.

The Nubira was also briefly produced from CKD kits on Taganrog, Russia TagAZ factory; it was marketed as the Doninvest Orion by the Russian automaker Doninvest. Until 2008, Daewoo Nubira was produced in Romania in a former Daewoo factory which had the licence from GM Daewoo. The Daewoo Nubira was still produced in Egypt in 2008, in a former Daewoo factory which has the licence from GM Daewoo.

The Nubira was replaced in 2004 with the J200 Daewoo Lacetti Suzuki Forenza, under GMDAT management with a new Pininfarina-designed body offered as a sedan, station wagon, and Italdesign hatchback and sold in some European markets as the Chevrolet Nubira.

Gallery

File:Daewoo Nubira 5door.jpg|Daewoo Nubira hatchback
File:1999 Daewoo Nubira (J100) SE sedan (2015-07-03) 02.jpg|1999 Daewoo Nubira sedan (Australia)
File:'00-'02 Daewoo Nubira Sedan.JPG|2000–2002 Daewoo Nubira sedan (Canada)
File:00-02 Daewoo Nubira wagon rear.jpg|2000–2002 Daewoo Nubira wagon (US)
File:Daweoo 2.0 L DOHC engine I4 engine.jpg|Daewoo Nubira 2.0 L engine (US)
Question:
Which car company manufactured the Nubira
Answer:
Taeu
Passage:
Firedamp
Firedamp is flammable gas found in coal mines. It is the name given to a number of flammable gases, especially methane. It is particularly found in areas where the coal is bituminous. The gas accumulates in pockets in the coal and adjacent strata, and when they are penetrated, the release can trigger explosions. Historically, if such a pocket was highly pressurized, it was termed a "bag of foulness". 

Name 

Damps is the collective name given to all gases (other than air) found in coal mines in England. The word corresponds to German Dampf, the  name for "vapour".  

Alongside firedamp, other damps include blackdamp (carbon dioxide and other gases), poisonous, explosive stinkdamp (hydrogen sulphide), with its characteristic "rotten egg" odour, and the insidiously lethal afterdamp (carbon monoxide and other gases)  produced following explosions of firedamp or coal dust.

Contribution to mine deaths

Firedamp is explosive at concentrations between 4% and 16%, with most explosions occurring at around 10%. It caused much loss of life in coal mines before the invention of the Geordie lamp and Davy lamp. The invention was prompted by the Felling mine disaster near Newcastle upon Tyne claiming 92 lives on 25 May 1812. Davy experimented with iron gauze, determining the maximum size of the gaps and the optimum wire thickness to prevent a flame passing through the gauze. If a naked flame was thus enclosed totally by such a gauze, then methane could pass into the lamp and burn safely above the flame. He did not patent his invention.

Even after the safety lamps were brought into common use, firedamp explosions could still occur from sparks produced when coal contaminated with pyrites was struck with metal tools. The presence of coal dust in the air increased the risk of explosion with firedamp, and indeed could cause explosions itself.

The Tyneside coal mines in England had the deadly combination of bituminous coal contaminated with pyrites, and a great number of lives were lost in accidents due to firedamp explosions, including 102 dead at Wallsend in 1835. A continuous flame was produced at Whitehaven some time before 1733, described as being "a yard wide and two yards long." The miners dealt with it by piping it to the outside. 

Rather than the Davy lamp, Tyneside miners used the Geordie lamp, a similar safety lamp designed by George Stephenson. After the widespread introduction of the safety lamp, explosions continued because the early Davy lamps were fragile and easily damaged. The iron gauze for example only needed to lose one wire to become unsafe. The light was also very poor, and there were continuous attempts to improve the basic design. The height of the cone of burning methane in a flame safety lamp can be used to estimate the concentration of the gas in the local atmosphere. It was not until the 1890s that safe and reliable electric lamps became available in collieries.
Question:
Which gas was once known as ' Fire Damp ' because it often caused explosions in mines ?
Answer:
ETHANE
Passage:
Celebrating National Dog Day with 13 Favourite Fictional ...
Celebrating National Dog Day with 13 Favourite Fictional Dogs – Better Reading
Contact
Celebrating National Dog Day with 13 Favourite Fictional Dogs
It’s National Dog Day in Australia this Wednesday, 26th August. To celebrate we look at some our favourite fictional hounds…
Lassie Come-Home by Eric Knight
Who hasn’t sobbed their heart out watching one of the popular Lassie movies? But before her movie incarnation, Lassie was a beloved collie in the 1940 book by Eric Knight. In the original –Lassie Come Home – Lassie has to be sold when Joe’s father loses his job. The amazing Lassie escapes and finds her way home three times before she is taken to a remote part of Scotland…
The Call of the Wild by Jack London
Formerly a pet dog with a nice life,  poor Buck is kidnapped and forced into a life of hardship as a sled dog in the  harsh 1890s Gold Rush. The classic tale of how he must fight for his survival in the wild.
The Eye of the Sheep by Sofie Laguna
Of course fictional dogs don’t only make their appearance in the classics – loving dogs have universal appeal and in this year’s Miles Franklin-winning The Eye of the Sheep, difficult child Jimmy Flick bonds with his uncles’s dog, Ned.
Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens
And not all fictional dogs are cute and cuddly either. One of Dickens’ darkest characters, the frightening, drunken villain Bill Sykes owns an English Bull Terrier, Bulls Eye. Before Bill drowns his girlfriend Nancy, he viciously beats the pitiable Bulls Eye.
Cujo by Stephen King
Stephen King in classic horror mode when a good-natured family dog, a St. Bernard, is bitten by a rabid bat and goes mad. Poor old Cujo then goes on a murderous rampage.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone by J.K. Rowling
Hagrid’s massive boarhound, Fang, is not as scary as he looks and accompanies Hagrid as well as other Potter characters on their adventures through the Forbidden Forest. Fluffy the three-headed dog is far more frightening.
Marley and Me by John Grogan
A New York Times bestseller, Marley and Me is an autobiographical book about the writer’s golden labrador retriever, Marley, ‘the world’s worst dog’.
Famous Five by Enid Blyton
Anyone who loved the Famous Five will remember George’s loyal dog Timmy, a mongrel who doesn’t like ginger beer and a key member of the intrepid Five.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum
Who couldn’t love small but brave Toto who gives the Wicked Witch of the West a good telling (yapping) off?
Clifford the Big Red Dog by Norman Bridwell
The runt of the litter, Clifford was chosen by a city child Emily Elizabeth as a Christmas present. First published in 1963, the big red dog is still going strong. He’s sweet and lovely, but sometimes his size gets him into trouble.
Tintin by Hergé
The white wire fox terrier Snowy is the faithful companion of Belgian cartoonist Hergé’s creation Tintin and is central to the little guy’s adventures.
Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie
The children’s faithful nurse, the dog Nana, was said to be inspired by J.M. Barrie’s own dog, a St. Bernard called Porthos.
The 101 Dalmatians by Dodie Smith
Long before the Disney movies, the black and white puppies were immortalised in the 1956 children’s book by Dodie Smith.
Question:
Which Charles Dickens character has a pet dog called Bull’s Eye?
Answer:
Bill sykes
Passage:
Pilote
Cover of the first Pilote teaser issue, #0.
Pilote was a French comic magazine published from 1959 to 1989. Showcasing most of the major French or Belgian comics talents of its day the magazine introduced major series such as Astérix, Barbe-Rouge, Blueberry, Achille Talon, and Valérian et Laureline.  Major comics writers like René Goscinny, Jean-Michel Charlier, Greg, Pierre Christin and Jacques Lob were featured in the magazine, as were artists such as Jijé, Morris, Albert Uderzo, Jean (Mœbius) Giraud, Enki Bilal, Jean-Claude Mézières, Jacques Tardi, Philippe Druillet, Marcel Gotlib, Alexis, and Annie Goetzinger.

Pilote also published several international talents such as Hugo Pratt, Frank Bellamy and Robert Crumb.

History

Following the publication of a teaser issue number 0 on June 1, Pilote made its debut proper on October 29, 1959.  The magazine was started by experienced comics writers Goscinny and Charlier, and artists Albert Uderzo and Jean Hébrard. Previously this team had worked together on several other projects, creating Le Supplément Illustré, a cartoon supplement for newspapers, and providing cartoons for Radio-Télé, a magazine published by Radio-Luxembourg.  Pilote was marketed by Radio-Luxembourg, and featured editorials written by popular radio personalities of the day. The 300,000 copies of the first issue sold out in one day.

Charlier and Goscinny handled most of the initial writing. Although Charlier came up with two popular series, Tanguy et Laverdure with Albert Uderzo and Barbe-Rouge (Redbeard) with Victor Hubinon, it was Goscinny and Uderzo’s Astérix le Gaulois which was the biggest hit and the magazine’s initial mainstay.

Difficulties

Financial problems arose in 1960, but were resolved when the magazine was bought out by Dargaud publishers. Dargaud expanded the magazine with several new series, including Charlier and Giraud’s Blueberry and Greg's Achille Tallon in 1963.  In 1967 the popular science-fiction series Valérian et Laureline debuted and in 1968 the popular Western comedy Lucky Luke (by Morris) was transferred to Pilote from Spirou magazine. Other notable appearances included series from the British comics magazine Eagle such as Fraser l'Africain (Fraser of Africa) and Winston Churchill by Frank Bellamy.

Attempts were made in the 1970s to update the magazine with material of more interest to adults, but many artists like Druillet and Giraud felt Pilote was no longer the appropriate vehicle for their aspirations and left to found new magazines such as Métal Hurlant (the French original that inspired Heavy Metal).  Partly as a result, Dargaud reduced Pilote’s publication schedule from weekly to monthly in 1974, and René Goscinny was replaced as editor-in-chief. At this time, a new generation of artists also started publishing in Pilote, namely Caza, Lauzier, and F'Murr. Their comics reflected the new, more adult direction.

Sales initially improved but a steady erosion took place through the 1980s as interest in the medium declined. Pilote was merged with the comics magazine Charlie Mensuel in 1986 and continued as Pilote et Charlie until 1988, when the name was changed back to Pilote.  However, declining sales prompted Dargaud to suspend publication after what became the final issue on October 1, 1989. 

After 1989, there has been no regular publications of the magazine, although the name has been used for occasional oversized specials. 

Main authors and series

* Alexis: Timoléon et Stanislas (1969–1973), Al Crane (1976–1977)
* Philippe Bertrand: Linda aime l'art (1983–1989)
* Enki Bilal: Légendes d'Aujourd'hui (1976–1982), La foire aux immortels (1980)
* Michel Blanc-Dumont: Jonathan Cartland (1974–1988)
* Claire Bretécher: Cellulite (1969–1977)
* Cabu: Grand Duduche (1963–1982)
* Caza: Scènes de la vie de banlieue (1975–1979)
* Jean Chakir: Séraphin contre Angelure (1962–1970)
* Delinx: Buck Gallo (1963–1969)
* Jean-Michel Charlier: Blueberry (1963–1973), Barbe-Rouge (1959–1969), Tanguy et Laverdure (1959–1970)
* Pierre Christin: Valérian and Laureline (1967–1985), Légendes d'Aujourd'hui (1976–1982)
* Philippe Druillet: Lone Sloane (1970–1974)
* F'Murr: Le Génie des alpages (1973–1989)
* Fred: Philémon (1965–1986)
* Jean Giraud: Blueberry (1963–1973)
* Christian Godard: Norbert et Kari (1963–1970), Vagabond des limbes (1978–1987)
* René Goscinny: Asterix (1959–1973), Lucky Luke (1967–1973), Iznogoud (1968–1977), Petit Nicolas (1959–1965)
* Marcel Gotlib: Dingodossiers (1965–1967), Rubrique-à-Brac (1968–1973)
* Greg: Achille Talon (1963–1981)
* Laurence Harlé: Jonathan Cartland (1974–1988) 
* Victor Hubinon: Barbe-Rouge (1959–1969)
* Jijé: Tanguy et Laverdure (1966–1970)
* Claude Lacroix: Homme au chapeau mou (1977–1983)
* Lauzier: Tranche de Vie (1970–1978), Al Crane (1976–1977)
* Jacques Lob: Submerman (1967–1970)
* Nikita Mandryka: Concombre masqué (1971–1981), Clopinettes (1970–1973)
* Martial: Tony Laflamme (1963–1971)
* Jean-Claude Mézières: Valérian and Laureline (1967–1985)
* Morris: Lucky Luke (1967–1973)
* Antonio Hernandez Palacios: Mac Coy (1974–1989)
* Julio Ribera: Vagabond des limbes (1978–1987), Dracurella (1973–1982)
* Jean Tabary: Iznogoud (1968–1977), Valentin le vagabond (1962–1974)
* François Thomas: Stan Caïman (1982–1989)
* Albert Uderzo: Asterix (1959–1973), Tanguy et Laverdure (1959–1967)
Question:
What is the generic title of a series of French comic strips that first appeared in French in the magazine Pilote on 29 October 1959?
Answer:
The Mirror World Asterix exhibition
