Passage:
What is root beer? | HowStuffWorks
What is root beer? | HowStuffWorks
What is root beer?
NEXT PAGENEXT  
The English language has lots of words that are used in two or three different ways. For example, the word "cabinet" can mean "storage space in your kitchen" or "a group of folks who advise the president." Beer is a word with two meanings. It can mean an alcoholic beverage made from cereal grains, or a non-alcoholic beverage flavored by root extracts. Root beer, birch beer and ginger beer are three common forms of this non-alcoholic sort of beer.
In the case of root beer, the flavoring comes from the root of the sassafras tree or the sarsaparilla vine. Originally, the root was brewed like a tea to make an extract, but now it is much easier to buy the extract ready-made.
Up Next
Question:
What do the English know American root beer as
Answer:
Ginger-beer
Passage:
Alpine skiing at the 1980 Winter Olympics – Men's downhill
The Men's Downhill competition of the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid was held at Whiteface Mountain on Thursday, February 14.

The defending world champion was Josef Walcher of Austria, while Switzerland's Peter Müller was the defending World Cup downhill champion and led the 1980 World Cup.
Defending Olympic champion Franz Klammer did not compete; he was not selected to the Austrian Olympic team in 1980.

Gold medalist Leonhard Stock was an alternate on the Austrian downhill team, at the Olympics for the slalom. His fast training times earned him a spot on the four-man team, displacing Walcher, the reigning world champion. All four Austrians in the race finished in the top ten and Müller was fourth.

Results

Source:
Question:
What was the nationality of former Olympic downhill skier Franz Klammer?
Answer:
Austrian
Passage:
Hopman Cup
The Hopman Cup is an annual international eight-team indoor hardcourt tennis tournament held in Perth, Western Australia in early January (sometimes commencing in late December) each year, which plays mixed-gender teams on a country-by-country basis. 

The championship is named in honour of Harry Hopman (1906–1985), an Australian tennis player and coach who guided the country to 15 Davis Cup titles between 1938 and 1969.  Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989, it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman's widow, his second wife Lucy, who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States. 

The tournament is a sanctioned event in the calendar of the International Tennis Federation (ITF), but individual player results are not included in the calculation of the tennis world rankings. The competition receives extensive television coverage in Australia and is an important lead-up tournament to the Australian Open each January as part of the Australian Open Series. The winning team receives a silver cup perpetual trophy and up to 2014 the winning team members were presented with distinctive individual trophies in the shape of a tennis ball encrusted with diamonds from the Argyle diamond mine in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.  In 2014 and 2015, the individual trophies were created in the shape of an intricate diamond encrusted tennis racket and ball, using just under an ounce of 18-carat white, yellow and rose gold and approximately half an ounce of pink argyle diamonds. These trophies are valued at $26,000.

Until 2012, the Hopman Cup was played at the Burswood Dome. Since 2013, the Hopman Cup has been played at the Perth Arena. 

Format

Unlike other major international team tennis tournaments such as the Davis Cup and the Fed Cup, which are for men or women only, the Hopman Cup is a mixed competition in which male and female players are on combined teams and represent their countries. Players are invited to attend and national coaches are not involved in selecting teams.

Eight nations are selected annually to compete in the Hopman Cup. (The "last" team may be decided by play-offs between several nations before competition begins. For the 2007 Hopman Cup however, this did not occur, due to the Asian Qualifying Tournament creating the eighth team. The official tournament website also has no qualifier listed in its schedule.)

Each team consists of one male player and one female player. Each match-up between two teams at the championships consists of:
* one women's singles match
* one men's singles match
* one mixed doubles match

The eight competing teams are separated into two groups of four (with two teams being seeded) and face-off against each of the other three teams in their group in a round-robin format. These seedings ensure that each group has approximately similar strength. The top team in each group then meet in a final to decide the champions.

If a player is injured then a player of a lower ranking of that nation may be the substitute.

Management

The 2014 Hopman Cup Tournament Director is Paul Kilderry after the resignation of Steve Ayles.   Previously, the former Australian tennis player Paul McNamee, who played a key role in the founding of the championships, was the tournament director.

History

Up to and including 2012, the venue was the Burswood Dome at the Burswood Entertainment Complex.

The 2005/06 Hopman Cup was the first elite-level tennis tournament in which the system was introduced allowing players to challenge point-ending line calls similar to that in clay court tournaments. The challenged calls are immediately reviewed on a large monitor using Hawk-Eye technology.

The 20th Hopman Cup, in 2008, was intended to be the last held at the Burswood Dome, however this was extended until 2012 when the new Perth Arena was due for completion.

2013 marks the 25th year of the running of the Hopman Cup.

Telecasts

The Hopman Cup was originally broadcast by the Seven Network until 1994, then by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1995–2010). From 2011, a five-year deal to broadcast the Hopman Cup was signed by the commercial television station Network Ten a deal which ended abruptly in November 2013. 7mate subsequently picked up the telecasting rights. 

Records and statistics

Past champions

  

Past finalists

* Consecutive titles
** All-time: 2, United States, 2003–2004
* Consecutive finals appearances
** All-time: 4, United States, 2001–2004

Participation details
Question:
The Hopman Cup is competed for in which sport?
Answer:
Lawn tennis
Passage:
George Hammond (diplomat)
George Hammond (1763–1853) was a British diplomat and one of the first British envoys to the United States from 1791 to 1795.

Early career

Hammond came from East Riding of Yorkshire, enjoyed a liberal education, and was a Master of Arts and Fellow of Merton College, Oxford. During the peace talks between the 13 colonies of the United States of America and the Kingdom of Great Britain that would culminate in the Treaty of Paris in 1783, he served as a Secretary to David Hartley; while in Paris, he also learned some French. Subsequently, Hammond was appointed chargé d'affaires at Vienna from 1788 to 1790, spent part of 1790 in Copenhagen, and in 1791 found himself Counsellor of Legation at Madrid.

Minister to the United States

Despite American grumbles over the lack of a British envoy since the peace treaty concluded the American revolution in 1783, the decision for the British was by no means a simple one. The Articles of Confederation lacked both a fixed seat of government and single leader to accredit an envoy, and few qualified diplomats desired the post and its yearly salary of £2500. David Hartley, himself approached for the position, recommended his former secretary Hammond to Charles Jenkinson, who in turn passed on the name to newly appointed Foreign Secretary William Grenville. Hammond was soon given the job, boarded a ship for Philadelphia in September 1791 along with Edward Thornton, secretary of legation, and arrived five weeks later on 20 October.

Hammond initially met with then Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson, but waited to formally present himself to President George Washington before an American Minister to England was chosen; his reception on 11 November 1791 formally established relations between the two countries. Although Hammond described his situation as "new, critical and rather embarrassing", he also stated that "If I accepted a quarter of the invitations to dinner and tea parties which I receive I should have little time for business", and said of the leading families that "I have reason to think most of them are Tories at heart."

Hammond had four children, aged oldest to youngest: William Andrew, George, Margaret, Edmund. The titles (including spelling) and dates in the timeline come directly from these papers. They continue:
In the year 1806, when Mr. Hammond was entitled, from length of service, to a pension of 1,200 I., a pension of 600 l. was granted to him, together with pensions of 150 l. a year to each of his four children. His son, Edmund Hammond, would also join the Foreign Office.

Hammond left his post on 14 August 1795, leaving the consul general at Philadelphia, Phineas Bond, in charge until Robert Liston arrived in America.

Later career

Following his return from the United States, Hammond became an Undersecretary at the Foreign Office. In this position he advised and befriended Grenville and met George Canning; Canning founded the newspaper the Anti-Jacobin in 1797, and Hammond acted as joint-editor. Hammond would later be sent to one or two posts in continental Europe, and sometime in the 1810s he was appointed as a commissioner on the Arbitration of Revolutionary Indemnities, and as such spent many years living alternatively in London and Paris. Hammond died in 1853 at the age of ninety.

Timeline of career

*Secretary to Mr. Hartley's mission at Paris (1783 - 1784)
*Charge d'Affairs at Vienna (21 September 1788 - 10 October 1789)
*Secretary of legation at Copenhagen (20 February 1790 - 23 September 1790)
*Secretary of embassy at Madrid (24 September 1790 - 5 July 1791)
*Minister plenipotentiary to the United States (5 July 1791 - 30 October 1795)
*Under secretary of state for foreign affairs (10 October 1795 - 20 February 1806)
*Under secretary of state for foreign affairs (5 April 1807 - 11 November 1809)
*Commissioner for British claims on France (September 1814 - July 1828)
Question:
In 1791 George Hammond was appointed the first British envoy to which country?
Answer:
The United States of America
