Passage:
Brian Deane
Brian Christopher Deane (born 7 February 1968 in Leeds) is an English football coach and former player whose most recent position was as the manager of the Norwegian side Sarpsborg 08.

During his playing career, he played as forward from 1985 until 2006.He was the scorer of the first ever goal in the FA Premier League in 1992, when he was a Sheffield United player. Deane also played in the Premier League for Leeds United and Middlesbrough as well as playing top-flight football in Portugal and Australia for Benfica and Perth Glory respectively. He also played in The Football League for Doncaster Rovers, Leicester City, West Ham United and Sunderland before finishing his playing career in 2006 with a brief spell back at Sheffield United. Deane was capped three times by England.

Playing career

Club career

Signed for £25,000 from Doncaster Rovers in the close season of 1988, Deane first played and scored for Sheffield United in an 8–1 victory against Skegness Town. His first league goal came in the Third Division in the opening game of the season against Reading but his hero status did not really start until 17 September, when both he and Tony Agana hit hat-tricks in a 6–1 victory over Chester City. It was the first double hat-trick by a United player since Harry Johnson and Arthur Mercer helped the Blades to their record 11–2 victory over Cardiff City on 1 January 1926.

Deane scored the first goal in the FA Premier League for Sheffield United against Manchester United after 5 minutes on 15 August 1992. In the same game he scored a second after 50 minutes from the penalty spot as Sheffield United went on to win 2–1. On 16 January 1993, Deane scored a hat-trick against Ipswich Town in a 3–0 victory. 

He left Sheffield United for Leeds United for £2.9million in June 1993 – a record signing for Leeds and a record sale for the Blades. He had first been linked with a move to Elland Road 18 months previously. 

He later re-signed for the Blades, though left in a shock move that saw him transferred to Benfica and fellow striker Jan Åge Fjørtoft transferred to Barnsley on the same day.

Deane then moved to Benfica, where he played under the leadership of Graeme Souness. In his 18 matches played with Benfica, Deane managed to score 7 times. He later returned to England to play for Middlesbrough, costing the club 3 times as much as he had cost Benfica one year earlier.

In 2001 he joined Leicester City, where he scored the first competitive goal at the Walkers Stadium, scoring both goals in a 2–0 victory over Watford.  He then moved to West Ham United. Here he scored a last minute equaliser against Wigan Athletic on the final day of the 2003–2004 season.  This goal sent Crystal Palace to the division one play-offs who ironically beat West Ham in the final. When Deane was brought on as a substitute in the match he received a standing ovation by both sets of fans. After the play-off final he ended up returning for a second spell at Leeds. He struggled to make an impact in his second period at the club but memorably scored four goals in a 6–1 thrashing of Queens Park Rangers in November 2004. 

After a short spell at Sunderland, he signed for Perth Glory in the Australian A-League. He left mid-season after failing to make an impact and sustaining a long-term injury, scoring once in seven appearances. He stated that he did not want to prevent Perth Glory from signing another striker due to salary cap and squad size restrictions imposed by the league. After leaving Perth Glory, Deane re-signed for the third time at Sheffield United making him the only player Sheffield United have signed three times. In December 2005 he made two substitute appearances before retiring at the beginning of the 2006–07 season.

International career

Deane won 3 caps for England whilst with Sheffield United in the early 1990s. His England debut was as a half-time substitute in a tour match against New Zealand at Mount Smart Stadium, Auckland on 3 June 1991. His other England caps were against New Zealand at Athletic Park on 8 June 1991, and against Spain at Estadio El Sardinero, Santander, Cantabria on 9 September 1992.

Managerial career

It was announced on 21 November 2012 that Deane had been appointed as head coach of newly promoted Norwegian top-flight team, Sarpsborg 08 FF.  They finished third from bottom in his first season, avoiding relegation after beating Ranheim in play-offs. In his second season the club finished the league campaign in mid-table and were semi-finalists in the Norwegian Football Cup. 

Managerial statistics

Personal life

Deane is a Sports Consultant for Blacks Solicitors LLP in Leeds. His nephew, Simon McIntyre, plays rugby union for Wasps RFC.
Question:
Brian Deane scored the first ever Premiership goal for which team?
Answer:
Piggy Blunts
Passage:
Mashed potato
Mashed potato is a dish prepared by mashing boiled potatoes. Recipes started appearing no later than 1747 with an entry in The Art of Cookery by Hannah Glasse.  Dehydrated and frozen mashed potatoes are available in many supermarkets.

Ingredients

The use of "floury" types of potato is recommended, although "waxy" potatoes are sometimes used for a different texture. Butter, vegetable oil, milk and/or cream are usually added to improve flavor and texture, and the potatoes are seasoned with salt, pepper, and any other desired herbs and spices. Popular ingredients and seasonings include: garlic, cheese, bacon bits, sour cream, crisp onion or spring onion, caramelised onion, mustard, spices such as nutmeg, and chopped herbs such as parsley.[http://www.potatogoodness.com/mashed-potatoes/ Best Mashed Potato Recipes and Toppings - US Potato Board] 

One French variation adds egg yolk for pommes duchesse or Duchess potatoes; piped through a pastry tube into wavy ribbons and rosettes, brushed with butter and lightly browned. Pomme purée (potato puree) uses considerably more butter than normal mashed potato - up to two parts potato for one part butter.[http://www.chatelaine.com/recipes/mashed-potato-recipe/ Best mashed potato recipe in the world - Chatelaine.com] In low-calorie or non-dairy variations, milk, cream and butter may be replaced by soup stock or broth. Aloo Bharta, an Indian sub-continent variation, uses chopped onions, mustard (oil, paste or seeds), chili pepper, coriander leaves and other spices.

File:Mashed Potatoes in Steam-jacketed Combi Kettle.jpg|Industrial cooking of mashed potatoes in a steam-jacketed combi kettle
File:Sausage Trio, Mash and Cabbage with Onion Gravy.jpg|A plate of sausage and mashed potatoes, with cabbage and onion gravy, commonly known as 'bangers and mash'
File:Mash Potatoes.jpg|Close-up view of mashed potatoes with butter and chives

Culinary uses

Mashed potatoes can be served together with other dishes, or can be an ingredient of various other dishes, including shepherd's and cottage pie, pierogi, colcannon, dumplings, potato croquettes, gnocchi, etc.. It is often served with sausages in the British Isles, often known as bangers and mash .

A potato masher is a utensil which can be used to prepare the potatoes, as is a potato ricer.

In popular culture

The dish was popularised and featured extensively as a running theme in the BBC children's comedy Bodger and Badger which starred Andy Cunningham and had a broadcast run of a decade from 1989 to 1999.
Question:
What form of breadcrumbed fried food, often containing mashed potato, is named from French 'to crunch'?
Answer:
Croquettes
Passage:
Gland
A gland is an organ in an animal's body that synthesizes substances (such as hormones) for release into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland).

Structure

Development

Every gland is formed by an ingrowth from an epithelial surface. This ingrowth may in the beginning possess a tubular structure, but in other instances glands may start as a solid column of cells which subsequently becomes tubulated.

As growth proceeds, the column of cells may divide or give off offshoots, in which case a compound gland is formed. In many glands, the number of branches is limited, in others (salivary, pancreas) a very large structure is finally formed by repeated growth and sub-division. As a rule, the branches do not unite with one another, but in one instance, the liver, this does occur when a reticulated compound gland is produced. In compound glands the more typical or secretory epithelium is found forming the terminal portion of each branch, and the uniting portions form ducts and are lined with a less modified type of epithelial cell.

Glands are classified according to their shape.
* If the gland retains its shape as a tube throughout it is termed a tubular gland.
* In the second main variety of gland the secretory portion is enlarged and the lumen variously increased in size. These are termed alveolar or saccular glands.

Function

Glands are divided based on their function into two groups:

Endocrine glands

Endocrine glands secrete substances that circulate through the blood stream. These glands that secrete their products through the basal lamina into the blood stream and lack a duct system. These glands often secrete hormones, and play an important role in maintaining homeostasis. The pineal gland, thymus gland, pituitary gland, thyroid gland, and the two adrenal glands are all endocrine glands.

Exocrine glands
 

Exocrine glands secrete their products through a duct onto an outer surface of the body, such as the skin or the human gastrointestinal tract. Secretion is directly onto the apical surface. The glands in this group can be divided into three groups:
* Apocrine glands a portion of the secreting cell's body is lost during secretion. Apocrine gland is often used to refer to the apocrine sweat glands, however it is thought that apocrine sweat glands may not be true apocrine glands as they may not use the apocrine method of secretion. e.g. mammery gland, sweat gland of arm pit, pubic region, skin around anus, lips, nipples.
* Holocrine glands the entire cell disintegrates to secrete its substances (e.g., sebaceous glands)sebaceous, meibomiun & zeis gland.
* Merocrine glands cells secrete their substances by exocytosis (e.g., mucous and serous glands). Also called "eccrine". e.g. max sweat gland of humans, goblet cells, salivary gland, tear gland, intestinal glands.

The type of secretory product of exocrine glands may also be one of three categories:
* Serous glands secrete a watery, often protein-rich, fluid-like product, e.g. sweat glands.
* Mucous glands secrete a viscous product, rich in carbohydrates (such as glycoproteins), e.g. goblet cells.
* Sebaceous glands secrete a lipid product. These glands are also known as oil glands, e.g. Fordyce spots and meibomian glands.

Clinical significance

Other animals

Additional images

 Image:Gray1025.png|Section of submaxillary gland of kitten. Duct semidiagrammatic.
 Image:Gray1105.png|Section of pancreas of dog. X 250. 
 Image:Gray1172.png|Dissection of a lactating breast.
 Image:Gray1173.png|Section of portion of mamma.
 Image:Apocrine.jpg|Apocrine 
 Image:Drüse Kopie.jpg|Methods of secretion
 Image:405 Modes of Secretion by Glands updated.svg|Modes of secretion
 Image:406 Types of Glands.jpg|Types of gland
Question:
Which gland in the human body secretes the hormone responsible for the body's growth?
Answer:
Pituitary glands
Passage:
Civitavecchia port - How to get to Rome from the cruise ship
Civitavecchia port - How to get to Rome from the cruise ship
Arriving in Rome by cruise ship
How to get to Rome from the port of Civitavecchia
A map of the Civitavecchia cruise ship terminal in relation to the train station. (For more details, click on the interactive map over the right.)
First of all: the port of Civitavecchia ( www.port-of-rome.org ) is not even remotely near Rome.
Civitavecchia is 80km (50 miles) north of the city of Rome on the coast.
It takes more than an hour to drive between Rome and Civitavecchia the train takes anywhere from 40 minutes (express) to 60–80 minutes (local).
Civitavecchia fun facts
Though Civitavecchia is not close to Rome, it is nearly as ancient. Civitavecchia was founded as a port in the 2nd century AD under emperor Trajan, who called it Centumcellae.
Escalating pirate attacks led Pope Julius II to order a fort built in the 16th century. To design the fort, the pope tapped the same man he had hired to paint the Sistine Chapel ceiling: Michelangelo.
Between cruises and ferries, nearly 2 million passengers pass though each year, making this the third busiest port in the entire Mediterranean.
Getting to Rome from Civitavecchia
All cruise lines will offer a direct transfer to Rome on a bus, but at a steeply inflated rate (things like this are where cruises really make their money ).
The good news is, you can get to Rome on your own—cheaper, and sometimes even faster.
In fact, with the train station only about 15-minute walk from the port and the fast trains making the trip to Rome in 45 minutes, you can easily beat the folks taking the overpriced cruise shuttle to Rome.
By cruise ship shuttle - Priciest option (though rates vary line to line). Takes about 60–80 minutes.
By private car - A private transfer still takes 60–80 minutes, but will often be cheaper than the cruise line's service. Book one via our partners at Viator.com for $30 (€29).
By tour - If you're just in port for the day but still want to see Rome, you don't have to sign up for the ship's crowded tour bus; consider a private tour of Rome in one day offered by our partners at Viator.com .
By train - There are two to three direct trains every hour between Civitavecchia and Rome's main rail station, Roma Termini . Most local trains take 60–80 minutes and cost €5 each way (in second class; always ride in second class ). Hourly Frecciabianca trains take 40–45 minutes and cost €9–€15. You still have to get from the Civitavecchia train station to the cruise terminal at the port; see below .
By taxi/limosine - If you have the €125–€150 for a private transfer, please just book the same exact service for €30 from Viator.com and then send me the extra €100 that is clearly burning a hole in your pocket.
https://www.partner.viator.com/widgets/custom.jspa
1010_5292PRTFCOROME 1010_6541PRTROM 1010_6541PRTROMVATICAN 1010_6541PRTROMVATOUR 1010_3731ROMPRT 1010_6541PRTROMBOATHOHO
Getting between Fiumicino (Rome's airport) and Civitavecchia
Rome's Leonardo Da Vinci airport at Fiumicino is about 50km (31 miles) south of Civitavecchia. If your cruise doesn't include airport transfers (or charges an arm and a leg for them), you have three options:
By private car - A private transfer will often be cheaper than the cruise line's. Many airport car services charge exorbitant fees (€90 and more). Book a private car to the port via our partners at Viator.com and it only costs €29 per person.
By taxi - Only if you are made of money. It'll cost about €120–€150.
By train - You'll have to take a shuttle train first into one of Rome's three central stations (~30 min.), where you change to a connector train. The total transit time is about 90–120 min. This is the cheapest option  (only €11–€29), but also way more time-consuming and complicated, especially with luggage , since you'll have to walk that final 15 min. from the station to the port. Not advised.
How to get between the Civitavecchia train station and the port/cruise terminal
If Civitavecchia is your embarkation or debarkation port (as opposed to a port of call), you'll have all your luggage and might not want to haul it along the five-block walk betwen the port and the train station (detailed below). In that case, it can be well worth the €9 to €15 for the quick taxi ride (price varies depending on how many people/bags there are; the local taxi stand's phone number is tel . +39-0766-26121).
Note
If your cruise ship happens to dock, not along the long skinny pier, but rather across from it on the mainland alongside a giant parking lot, congratulations: you're at Nuova Banchina Commerciale 24 or 25—and the walk to the train station is a whole lot farther...like 30 minutes. You'll  want to plump for a €15 taxi ride instead.
There are sometimes shuttle buses between the train station and the port, but those are usually timed to coincide with local ferries to Sardegna, not cruises .
If you do choose to walk: Head to the base of the loooong pier, around the Renaissance castle that serves as the port authority, and through the exit (this can be quite a ways as the dock is insanely long; ask about the public shuttle bus along the pier to the uscita). Cross the street to turn right down Via Garibaldi. The train station will be on your left after about a five-block, 10-15 minute walk. Here's a map showing the route.
Tips & links
Question:
Which town, located 50 miles to the northwest, serves as the modern day port for Rome?
Answer:
Civitavecchia, Italy
Passage:
List of longest rivers of the United States (by main stem)
The main stems of 38 rivers in the United States are at least 500 mi long. The main stem is "the primary downstream segment of a river, as contrasted to its tributaries".  The United States Geological Survey (USGS) defines a main-stem segment by listing coordinates for its two end points, called the source and the mouth. Well-known rivers like the Atchafalaya,  Willamette,  and Susquehanna  are not included in this list because their main stems are shorter than 500 miles.

Seven rivers in this list cross or form international boundaries. Two—the Yukon and Columbia rivers—begin in Canada and flow into the United States. Three—the Milk and Saint Lawrence rivers and the Red River of the North—begin in the United States and flow into Canada. Of these, only the Milk River crosses the international border twice, leaving and then re-entering the United States. Two rivers, the Colorado and the Rio Grande, begin in the United States and flow into or form a border with Mexico. In addition, the drainage basins of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers extend into Canada, and the basin of the Gila River extends into Mexico.

Sources report hydrological quantities with varied precision. Biologist and author Ruth Patrick, describing a table of high-discharge U.S. rivers, wrote that data on discharge, drainage area, and length varied widely among authors whose works she consulted. "It seems," she said, "that the wisest course is to regard data tables such as the present one as showing the general ranks of rivers, and not to place too much importance on minor (10–20%) differences in figures." 

Table

The primary source for watershed and discharge data in the table below is Rivers of North America. Conflicting data from other sources, if the difference is greater than 10 percent, is reported in the notes. Discharge refers to the flow at the mouth. In the "States, provinces, and image" column, the superscripts "s" and "m" indicate "source" and "mouth". Non-U.S. states appear in italics. Except in the "States, provinces, and image" column, abbreviations are as follows: "km" for "kilometer", "mi" for "mile", "s" for "second", "m" for "meter", and "ft" for "foot".

Map
Question:
What is the longest river in North America?
Answer:
Río Misuri
Passage:
Top 10 Least Densely Populated Countries in the World ...
Top 10 Least Densely Populated Countries in the World | WhichCountry.co
19
SHARES
Population density can be defined as the estimate of population being measured at per sq. km or Sq. Mi. The density can be gauged & validated to living organisms & principally humans. Like the dense population; there are also the numbers being accounted & maintained for being the opposite i.e. least dense habitat or least occupancy of the land.densely populated areas are often located at some unique point i-e most cold places, islands or most hot places on earth where life cannot survive in easy way.if basic facilities are provided still our team has noted more peaceful life on these areas as compared to most densely populated countries (having lot of noise and pollution)
Here is the list of top 10 least densely populated countries, states, official sub – domains or dependent territories in the world.
10. Iceland
Population Density: 0.24 sq.Km
GDP (PPP) per capita: $ 55,400
Falkland Islands are subjected to British overseas domain. Falklanders are British citizens by the British law. Both East & West Falkland comprise a group of Islands (776) in the southern Atlantic Ocean. Falkland is enjoying the self-rule as well as being guarded by the Britain. The islands are a complete picture of natural & geographical bio-diversities.
 
2. Svalbard & Jan Mayen – Norway
Area: 61,399 Sq. km
Population: 2,655
Population density: 0.04 sq. Km
Svalbard & Jan Mayen are two separate islands with different locations. Svalbard being an archipelago lies amid North Pole & Central Norway with a population of only 2572 inhabitants according to 2009 estimates while the other one (Jan Mayen) is a volcanic island which lies in the Arctic Ocean and borders Norwegian & Greenland sea. Only Jan Mayen covers a vast land of 146 square miles. The island is mere a Meteorological & Military site under the Norwegian govern ship. Both the islands sum a total area of 61,399 sq. km people following a population density of 0.04/ sq.km.
1. Greenland –Denmark
Population Density: 0.026/ sq. Km
GDP (PPP) per capita: USD 37,009.047
Greenland is a dependency of the Danish Kingdom geographically present amid Arctic & Atlantic Oceans following the eastern sides of Canadian Arctic Archipelago. The state is independent & maintains it sovereignty within the Denmark. Greenland is the Largest Island in the world following the total land area occupancy. The state is the largest in the world when it comes to territorial dependencies by total area. Northeast Greenland National Park is the world’s largest national park. Greenland makes it’s geographically presence in North –American continent, being the third largest country of the continent; but it has its strong political & cultural bounds & affiliations with Europe (Denmark & Norway). Greenland got the Home rule after a referendum held in 2008 & thus became self – determined in all matters except defense & Foreign affairs on 21 June 2009.
 See Also
Question:
What is the least densely populated country or dependency in the world?
Answer:
Antarctica of The North
Passage:
Elizabethan Serenade
Elizabethan Serenade is a light music composition by Ronald Binge. When it was first played by the Mantovani orchestra in 1951, it was simply titled "Andante cantabile", although the original orchestral manuscript parts in Ronald Binge's own hand show the title "The Man in the Street" (possibly the title of an early television documentary).  The name was altered by the composer to reflect the post-War optimism of the "new Elizabethan Age" that began with the accession of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in February 1952. 

The piece won Binge an Ivor Novello award and also had chart success in Germany (recorded by the Günther Kallmann Choir) and South Africa. A version with lyrics by poet Christopher Hassall called Where the Gentle Avon Flows was released and the work also had lyrics added in German, Czech, Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish, Dutch, Danish and French. The piece was used as the signature tune to Music In Miniature on the BBC Light Programme. 

In 1970, a reggae version called "Elizabethan Reggae" by Boris Gardiner & the Love People was released.  (This was initially erroneously credited to the track's producer, Byron Lee and the Dragonaires.)
Question:
'Elizabethan Serenade' was a pop hit for Boris Gardiner under what title?
Answer:
Elizabethan Serenade
Passage:
Jasper Conran UK on Pinterest | Jasper Conran, Runway and ...
1000+ images about Jasper Conran UK on Pinterest | Summer, Trousers and Spring
Jasper Conran OBE is an English fashion designer (m)
25 Pins453 Followers
Question:
For what activity is Jasper Conran famous?
Answer:
Fashion-house
Passage:
bank robber who shows up wearing a mask of former US ...
L.A. bank robber wears Richard Nixon mask | L.A. NOW | Los Angeles Times
L.A. bank robber wears Richard Nixon mask
December  7, 2009 |  7:08 am
The FBI is searching for a man who wore a mask of Richard Nixon when he robbed two banks in Encino.
According to the FBI, the so-called Ex-President Bandit hit a Santa Barbara Bank & Trust on Dec. 2 and a branch of U.S. Bank on Nov. 25.
The robber may be taking a page from the movie "Point Break," in which bank robbers wore masks of Nixon, Ronald Reagan and other former presidents to rob banks in the Los Angeles area.
The suspect was described as calm, wearing dark clothes and brandishing a handgun. No one was hurt in either of the robberies.
-- Shelby Grad
Question:
What movie was about surfers who robbed banks wearing U.S. President masks?
Answer:
Johnny Utah
Passage:
Brougham (carriage)
A brougham (pronounced "broom" or "brohm") was a light, four-wheeled horse-drawn carriage built in the 19th century.The OED gives a first usage in 1851, but the original design dates from about 1838, according to the Encyclopaedia Britannica. Brougham died in 1868.  It was named after Scottish jurist Lord Brougham, who had this type of carriage built to his specification by London coachbuilder Robinson & Cook in 1838 or 1839.  It had an enclosed body with two doors, like the rear section of a coach; it sat two, sometimes with an extra pair of fold-away seats in the front corners, and with a box seat in front for the driver and a footman or passenger. Unlike a coach, the carriage had a glazed front window, so that the occupants could see forward. The forewheels were capable of turning sharply. A variant, called a brougham-landaulet, had a top collapsible from the rear doors backward.Compare the landau.

Three features specific to the Brougham were:
# the sharply squared end of the roof at the back,
# the body line curving forward at the base of the enclosure, and
# low entry to the enclosure, using only one outside step below the door.
Question:
Brougham, Hackney, Buckboard, and Phaeton are horse-drawn vehicles with how many wheels each?
Answer:
Four
Passage:
Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son
"Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son" is a popular English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19621.

Lyrics

Modern versions of the rhyme include:

Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
Stole a pig, and away did run;
The pig was eat
And Tom was beat,
And Tom went crying [or "roaring", or "howling", in some versions]
Down the street.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 408-11.

The 'pig' mentioned in the song is almost certainly not a live animal but rather a kind of pastry, often made with an apple filling, smaller than a pie.

Another version of the rhyme is:
Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
Stole a pig, and away he run.
Tom run here,
Tom run there,
Tom run through the village square.

This rhyme is often conflated with a separate and longer rhyme:

Tom, he was a piper's son,
He learnt to play when he was young,
And all the tune that he could play
Was 'over the hills and far away';
Over the hills and a great way off,
The wind shall blow my top-knot off.

Tom with his pipe made such a noise,
That he pleased both the girls and boys,
They all stopped to hear him play,
'Over the hills and far away'.

Tom with his pipe did play with such skill
That those who heard him could never keep still;
As soon as he played they began for to dance,
Even the pigs on their hind legs would after him prance.

As Dolly was milking her cow one day,
Tom took his pipe and began to play;
So Dolly and the cow danced 'The Cheshire Round',
Till the pail was broken and the milk ran on the ground.

He met old Dame Trot with a basket of eggs,
He used his pipe and she used her legs;
She danced about till the eggs were all broke,
She began for to fret, but he laughed at the joke.

Tom saw a cross fellow was beating an ass,
Heavy laden with pots, pans, dishes, and glass;
He took out his pipe and he played them a tune,
And the poor donkey's load was lightened full soon.

Origins and meaning

Both rhymes were first printed separately in a Tom the Piper's Son, a chapbook produced around 1795 in London. The origins of the shorter and better known rhyme are unknown. The second longer rhyme was an adaptation of an existing verse which was current in England around the end of the seventeenth and beginning of the eighteenth centuries. The following verse, known as "The distracted Jockey's Lamentations" may have been written (but not included) in Thomas D'Urfey's play The Campaigners (1698):

Jockey was a Piper's Son,
And fell in love when he was young;
But all the Tunes that he could play,
Was, o'er the Hills, and far away,
And 'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
The Wind has blown my Plad away.

This verse seems to have been adapted for a recruiting song designed to gain volunteers for the Duke of Marlborough's campaigns about 1705, with the title "The Recruiting Officer; or The Merry Volunteers", better today known as "Over the Hills and Far Away", in which the hero is called Tom.

Notes
Question:
According to the nursery rhyme, who “stole a pig and away did run”?
Answer:
Tom, Tom, The Piper's Son
Passage:
Jocasta
In Greek mythology, Jocasta, also known as Jocaste ( Iokástē) or Epicaste (; Ἐπικάστη Epikaste),  was a daughter of Menoeceus, a descendant of the Spartoi, and Queen consort of Thebes, Greece. She was the wife of first Laius, then of their son Oedipus, and both mother and grandmother of Antigone, Eteocles, Polynices and Ismene. She was also sister of Creon and mother-in-law of Haimon.

After his abduction and rape of Chrysippus, Laius married Jocasta.  Laius received an oracle from Delphi which told him that he must not have a child with his wife, or the child would kill him and marry her; in another version, recorded by Aeschylus, Laius is warned that he can only save the city if he dies childless.  One night, Laius became drunk and fathered Oedipus with Jocasta.

Jocasta handed the newborn infant over to Laius. Jocasta or Laius pierced and pinned the infant's ankles together. Laius instructed his chief shepherd, a slave who had been born in the palace, to expose the infant on Mount Cithaeron. Laius's shepherd took pity on the infant and gave him to another shepherd in the employ of King Polybus of Corinth. Childless, Polybus and his Queen, Merope (according to Sophocles, or Periboea according to Pseudo-Apollodorus), raised the infant to adulthood. 

Oedipus grew up in Corinth under the assumption that he was the biological son of Polybus and his wife. Hearing rumors about his parentage, he consulted the Delphic Oracle. Oedipus was informed by the Oracle that he was fated to kill his father and to marry his mother. Fearing for the safety of the only parents known to him, Oedipus fled from Corinth before he could commit these sins. During his travels, Oedipus encountered Laius on the road. After a heated argument regarding right-of-way, Oedipus killed Laius, unknowingly fulfilling the first half of the prophecy. Oedipus continued his journey to Thebes and discovered that the city was being terrorized by the sphinx. Oedipus solved the sphinx's riddle, and the grateful city elected Oedipus as their new king; Oedipus accepted the throne and married Laius' widowed queen Jocasta, fulfilling the second half of the prophecy. Jocasta bore him four children: two girls, Antigone and Ismene, and two boys, Eteocles and Polynices. When his city was struck by a plague, Oedipus learned that it was divine punishment for his patricide and incest. Hearing this news, Jocasta hanged herself.  Alternatively, Jocasta endured the burden of disgrace and continued to live in Thebes, committing suicide later after her sons kill one another in a fight for the crown (see Seven Against Thebes).  In both traditions Oedipus gouges out his eyes; Sophocles has Oedipus go into exile with his daughter Antigone, but Statius has him residing within Thebes' walls during the war between Eteocles and Polynices.
Question:
Jocasta was the wife of Laius and the mother of which other famous individual?
Answer:
Oedepus
Passage:
John Bellingham
John Bellingham (c. 1769 - 18 May 1812) was the assassin of British Prime Minister Spencer Perceval. This murder is the only assassination of a British Prime Minister.

Early life

Bellingham's early life is largely unknown,  and most post-assassination biographies included speculation as fact. Recollections of family and friends show that Bellingham was born in St Neots, Huntingdonshire,  and brought up in London, where he was apprenticed to a jeweller, James Love, at age fourteen. Two years later, he went as a midshipman on the maiden voyage of the Hartwell from Gravesend to China. A mutiny took place on 22 May 1787, which led to the ship running aground and sinking.

In early 1794, a man named John Bellingham opened a tin factory on London's Oxford Street, but it failed and the owner was declared bankrupt in March. It is not certain this is he, but Bellingham definitely worked as a clerk in a counting house in the late 1790s, and about 1800 he went to Arkhangelsk, Russia, as an agent for importers and exporters. He returned to England in 1802 and was a merchant broker in Liverpool. He married Mary Neville in 1803. In the summer of 1804, Bellingham again went to Arkhangelsk to work as an export representative.

Russian imprisonment

In autumn 1803, the Russian ship Soleure  (or sometimes "Sojus"), insured at Lloyd's of London, had been lost in the White Sea. Her owners (the house of R. Van Brienen) filed a claim on their insurance, but an anonymous letter told Lloyd's the ship had been sabotaged. Soloman Van Brienen believed Bellingham was the author, and retaliated by accusing him of a debt of 4,890 roubles to a bankruptcy of which he was an assignee. Bellingham, about to return from Russia to Britain on 16 November 1804, had his travelling pass withdrawn because of the alleged debt.

Van Brienen persuaded the local Governor-General to imprison Bellingham, and he was placed in a Russian jail. One year later, Bellingham secured his release and went to Saint Petersburg, where he attempted to impeach the Governor-General. This angered the Russian authorities, who charged him with leaving Arkhangelsk in a clandestine manner. He was again imprisoned until October 1808, when he was put out onto the streets, but still without permission to leave. In desperation, he petitioned the Tsar. He was allowed to leave Russia in 1809, arriving in England in December.

Assassination of the Prime Minister

Once home, Bellingham began petitioning the United Kingdom's government for compensation over his imprisonment. This was refused, as the United Kingdom had broken off diplomatic relations with Russia in November 1808. Bellingham's wife urged him to drop the matter and he reluctantly did.

In 1812, Bellingham renewed his attempts to win compensation. On 18 April, he went to the Foreign Office where a civil servant told him he was at liberty to take whatever measures he thought proper. On 20 April, Bellingham purchased two .50 calibre (12.7 mm) pistols from a gunsmith of 58 Skinner Street. He also had a tailor sew an inside pocket to his coat. At this time, he was often seen in the lobby of the House of Commons.

After taking a friend's family to a painting exhibition on 11 May 1812, Bellingham remarked that he had some business to attend to. He made his way to Parliament, where he waited in the lobby. When Prime Minister Spencer Perceval appeared, Bellingham stepped forward and shot him in the heart. He then calmly sat on a bench. Bellingham was immediately restrained and was identified by Isaac Gascoyne, MP for Liverpool.

Trial, execution and legacy

John Bellingham was tried on Friday 15 May 1812 at the Old Bailey, where he argued that he would have preferred to shoot the British Ambassador to Russia, but insisted as a wronged man he was justified in killing the representative of his oppressors.

He made a formal statement to the court, saying: 
 
"Recollect, Gentlemen, what was my situation.
Recollect that my family was ruined and myself destroyed, merely because it was Mr Perceval's pleasure that justice should not be granted; sheltering himself behind the imagined security of his station, and trampling upon law and right in the belief that no retribution could reach him.
I demand only my right, and not a favour; I demand what is the birthright and privilege of every Englishman.

Gentlemen, when a minister sets himself above the laws, as Mr Perceval did, he does it as his own personal risk. If this were not so, the mere will of the minister would become the law, and what would then become of your liberties?

I trust that this serious lesson will operate as a warning to all future ministers, and that they will henceforth do the thing that is right, for if the upper ranks of society are permitted to act wrong with impunity, the inferior ramifications will soon become wholly corrupted.

Gentlemen, my life is in your hands, I rely confidently in your justice."

Evidence was presented that Bellingham was insane, but it was discounted by the trial judge, Sir James Mansfield. Bellingham was found guilty and sentenced to hang.

The sentence was carried out in public three days later. René Martin Pillet, a Frenchman who wrote an account of his ten years in England, described the sentiment of the crowd at the execution: 

"Farewell poor man, you owe satisfaction to the offended laws of your country, but God bless you! you have rendered an important service to your country, you have taught ministers that they should do justice, and grant audience when it is asked of them." 

A subscription was raised for the widow and children of Bellingham, and "their fortune was ten times greater than they could ever have expected in any other circumstances". His widow remarried the following year.

Bellingham's skull was preserved at Barts Pathology Museum. 

Bibliography

*David C. Hanrahan, The Assassination of the Prime Minister: John Bellingham and the Murder of Spencer Perceval (2008).
Question:
Which politician did John Bellingham assassinate?
Answer:
Spencer Perceval
Passage:
The Great Pretender
"The Great Pretender" is a popular song recorded by The Platters, with Tony Williams on lead vocals, and released as a single on November 3, 1955. The words and music were created by Buck Ram, the Platters' manager and producer who was a successful songwriter before moving into producing and management. "The Great Pretender" reached the number one position on both the R&B and pop charts in 1956.  It also reached the UK charts peaking at number 5.

Platters' version

Buck Ram reports that he wrote the song in about 20 minutes in the washroom of the Flamingo Hotel in order to have a song to follow up the success of "Only You (And You Alone)." Stan Freberg parodied this version.

In 2004, the song was voted 360th greatest song of all time by Rolling Stone.   Plas Johnson played tenor saxophone.

Freddie Mercury version

The song was repopularized in 1987 by Freddie Mercury, the lead singer of the rock band Queen. Mercury's version reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

Music video

Mercury's music video for the song became one of the most well-known of his career. It featured Mercury in many of his Queen guises through video medium over the years, including visual re-takes of "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", "It's a Hard Life", "I Want to Break Free" and "Bohemian Rhapsody". It was directed by David Mallet in February 1987, and also featured fellow Queen member Roger Taylor and Peter Straker (a friend of Freddie's) in drag. Mercury had shaved off his moustache, which had been his trademark feature since 1980. An extended video version appears on the video single on VHS, Freddie Mercury The Video Collection on VHS and DVD and Lover of Life, Singer of Songs on DVD.

Releases

The song has been re-released in many compilations including Lover of Life, Singer of Songs, and on Queen's Greatest Hits III album.

Interview

In one of his last videotaped interviews in spring of 1987, Mercury explained that the song was particularly fitting for the way he saw his career and being on stage. 

Personnel

* Freddie Mercury - lead and backing vocals
* Mike Moran - piano, keyboards
* Harold Fisher - drums
* Alan Jones - bass guitar

Other cover versions

*George Harrison led Phil Spector into cutting a simple acoustic version of it in 1970-71 while in the studio jamming on other songs, it was pressed onto acetate_disc but never officially released.
*There is a 1969 cover version by Gene Pitney; this version is clearly the model that Freddie Mercury used for his much later version, although demos of Mercury's 1987 song sound like the original Platters take.
*It was covered in 1984 by Dolly Parton, who made it the title song of an album of covers from the 1950s and 1960s (The Great Pretender)
*Sam Cooke.
*Kathy Young with the Innocents covered the song in 1961 as the B-side to their single, "Baby Oh Baby". 
*Stan Freberg made a parody version in 1956.
*Pat Boone covered it on his Moody River album in 1961.
*Dan McCafferty covered it on Dan McCafferty album in 1975
*The Righteous Brothers
*Gene Summers included it on his 1997 album The Ultimate School of Rock & Roll issued on Crystal Clear Sound Records.
*The Band covered it on Moondog Matinee, an album of covers.
*Perhaps most radically, it was tackled by Lester Bowie in 1981 and extended to nearly seventeen minutes of improvisation on his album of the same name.
* It was covered in the UK by Jimmy Parkinson, an Australian vocalist. It entered the Top 20 on 3 March 1956, six months ahead of the Platters' version; Parkinson's hit peaked at No 9 and remained in the Top 20 for 10 weeks.
* Jackie Riggs, a US doowop singer also covered it in March 1956
* George Faith covered the song on his album Reggae Got Soul.
* The Statler Brothers covered the song on their final live CD.
* Country singer Roy Clark performed a comedy routine in which he sings the song with comic sound effects, odd guitar strokes and occasional segues into other, different songs. 
* Old and in the Way released a bluegrass version of the song on the album That High Lonesome Sound (1973).
*Roy Orbison for his 1961 Crying album

Popular culture

* In 1999, National Public Radio included the song in the "NPR 100," in which NPR's music editors sought to compile the one hundred most important American musical works of the 20th century.
* The song inspired the naming of Chrissie Hynde's band, Pretenders.
* The song played an important part in Rainer Werner Fassbinder’s film The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant (1972).
* The song was featured in the 2003 film Evil.
* In the 1973 film American Graffiti, Richard Dreyfuss' character sings along to the song while he stares into the window of an appliance store.
* In the novel "Beautiful Losers" by the Canadian songwriter, folk-singer and poet Leonard Cohen, he describes the song as "a song which was to change the popular music of our day".
* The song can be heard in the video game BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea
* Freddie Mercury's version can be heard in Night and the City (1992).
* The song features in the 1990 film ′Paper Mask′, starring Paul McGann and Amanda Donohue.
* The song is featured in Empire Season 1, Episode 08
Question:
The Great Pretender is an album released in the USA in 1992 to mark the first anniversary of the death of which musician?
Answer:
Freddie mercury
Passage:
Tragic Video Shows Russian Dad Careening to His Death ...
Tragic Video Shows Russian Dad Careening to His Death While Locked Inside Giant Ball on Mountainside – TheBlaze
Tweet
In this frame grab made Wednesday Jan. 9, 2013, taken from APTN video provided by Yekaterina Achkasova, as her husband Denis Burakov climbs inside the large plastic ball called a zorb, with another man, on Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, at a winter sports venue at Donbay in the Caucasus Mountains of southern Russia. What was supposed to be a thrilling ride down a ski slope inside a giant inflatable ball has ended in tragedy when the zorb veered off course and sailed over a cliff, killing Denis Burakov and leaving the other man badly injured. Credit: AP
MOSCOW (AP) — What was supposed to be a thrilling ride down a ski slope inside a giant inflatable ball ended in tragedy for the two Russian men inside.
The transparent plastic ball – called a zorb – veered off course and sailed over a precipice in the rugged Caucasus Mountains of southern Russia. One man died and the other was badly injured. The terrifying ride was captured on video.
The man who died, 27-year-old Denis Burakov, was with friends at the Dombai ski resort, where they frequently went snowboarding, on Jan. 3 when he decided to take a ride in a zorb being operated next to a beginners’ slope. His friend Vladimir Shcherbakov joined him.
An eight-minute video taken on Burakov’s phone by one of his friends shows the two men being fitted into harnesses inside the zorb, which consists of two polyurethane balls with a layer of air between them. The zorb is then released to roll down the hill, the two men spinning inside.
In this frame grab made Wednesday Jan. 9, 2013, taken from APTN video provided by Yekaterina Achkasova, as her husband Denis Burakov, left, inside the large plastic ball called a zorb, with another man, before tragedy struck on Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, at a winter sports venue at Donbay in the Caucasus Mountains of southern Russia.   Credit: AP
Credit: AP
Credit: AP
Screen shot
But the zorb bounces off of the intended path, and a man waiting for it at the bottom of the hill tries in vain to catch the ball before it pops over a rocky ledge and disappears down a gorge below Mount Mussa-Achitara.
The Emergencies Ministry said both men were ejected from the zorb as it tumbled and they landed on the snow about 10 meters (30 feet) apart. They were rescued by two skiers, who then pulled both men up to the top of the hill. Burakov suffered serious spinal injuries and died on the way to the hospital. Shcherbakov suffered a concussion and other injuries and remains hospitalized.
The accident prompted the emergencies minister to demand on Wednesday that Russia address its lax enforcement of safety rules for winter sports, citing a series of accidents over the January holidays. Vladimir Puchkov said during a televised meeting with officials in charge of rescue services across the country that they should take extra measures to ensure safety, in particular at Russia’s ski slopes.
Sergei Loginov, deputy director of Z-orb.ru, the largest supplier of zorbs in Russia, said the zorbing run that killed Burakov was conducted in violation of all safety rules. Zorbing requires a groomed gentle slope with fences on both sides of the track and a secure spot at the bottom where the ball can be safely brought to rest, he said, but none of this was present at Dombai.
Burakov pictures with his wife (Photo source: Daily Mail)
“It’s not even irresponsibility. It’s an experiment on life,” Loginov said. “It’s all or nothing. They either survive or they don’t.”
The sport of zorbing originated in the 1990s in New Zealand and is now done around the world, most often on grassy slopes.
Question:
What 'z' is the activity where person is rolled down a hill inside a large plastic transparent ball?
Answer:
Zorbing
Passage:
What did Pope John XX1 use as effective eyewash Babies ...
What did Pope John XX1 use as effective eyewash Babies Urine 36 - IT - 402
View Full Document
What did Pope John XX1 use as effective eyewash Babies Urine 36 Rhodopsis original Egyptian Cinderella had what job Prostitute - bird stole her shoe 37 Whose attendance compulsory at priests banquets in Egypt Mummies – dead reminded short life 38 Siddhartha Gautama became better known as who Buddha 39 In ancient Greece young brides had to sacrifice what Their Dolls – show they were grown up 40 Caer-Lud was the former name of what capitol city London 41 4% of women never do what according to survey Wear Underwear 42 In superstition if you marry on Saturday you will have what No luck at all 43 What was the first million dollar seller paperback I the Jury – Mickey Spillane 44 Who founded Methodism in 1738 John Wesley 45 What was the ancient Egyptian cure for haemorrhoids Beer - lots of beer 46 Middle ages Monks denied meat on fast days ate what Rabbit Foetuses – Said were eggs 47 Where was Ice Cream invented China 48 Brittany Spears - what is her favourite drink Sprite 49 What job does Charlie Browns father do Barber 50 International direct dialling codes what country has 353 Republic of Ireland Page 62
This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version.
View Full                                                         Document
10000 general knowledge questions and answers www.cartiaz.ro No Questions Quiz 31 Answers 51 What is the main food of walruses Clams 52 30% of people quit this job in USA each year - what job School Bus Driver 53 Napoleons life was saved by a dog what breed – and he hated dogs Newfoundland – saved from drowning 54 In 1821 Jacob Fusel worlds fist commercial factory making what Ice Cream 55 The star constellation Grus has what English name The Crane 56 International aircraft registration letters what country is PP or PT Brazil 57 What was the first 30 minute animated Disney show Duck Tales 58 A renaissance doctor - what treatment excluding bleeding Enemas 59 You could be executed for drinking what in ancient Turkey Coffee 60 Where did the ancient Egyptians paint pictures of their enemies Foot of Sandals 61 What is found in one third of American homes Scrabble 62 Bowling for lizards was whose favourite TV program Fred Flintstone 63 The name Jesse means what in Hebrew Wealth 64 According to strain theory crime is mainly committed by who The lower classes 65 In what country was the longbow invented Wales 66 Who makes Pringles Proctor and Gamble 67 What airline started 24th September 1946 single DC3 - Betsy Cathay Pacific 68 What are a swallowtail and a burgee Flags 69 What is the most common sexually transmitted disease in USA Herpes 70 Who was the Angel in Milton's Paradise Lost Beelzebub 71 300000 American teenagers get what every year Venereal disease 72 Francesco Seraglio invented what in Australia in early 1960s The Woolmark logo 73 What was Socrates wife's name Xanthippe 74 Who "Loved not to wisely but too well" Shakespeare play Othello 75 What did Anna Sage "The lady in Red do" Betray John Dillinger 76 Who makes Kleenex tissues Kimberly Clark 77 Poon Lim holds the record of 133 days doing what Surviving on a raft 78 Holden Caulfield - Catcher in the Rye - where JD Sal get name Movie marquee W Holden J Caulfield 79
This is the end of the preview. Sign up to                                     access the rest of the document.
TERM
Kenyatta University
IT 402                                         -                                         Spring 2015
1 2 3 4 5 Sampling In Research What is research? According Webster (1985), to researc
HYPO.docx
Question:
Rhodopsis the original Egyptian Cinderella had what job?
Answer:
Prostitute - bird stole her shoe
Passage:
Vickers Wellington Bomber - Digger History
Vickers Wellington Bomber
Vickers Wellington Bomber ; The "Wimpy"
The Vickers Wellington,         affectionately known as the "Wimpy," was armed with twin .330 machine guns in the nose and tail turrets. It also had 2         manually-operated .303 guns in the beam positions and could carry a         4,500 lb bomb load. Slow speed, limited ceiling, and a small bomb load         soon made the Wellington obsolete, although one significant design         advantage was Barnes-Wallace's geodetic lattice-work fuselage         construction. This made the Wimpy extremely tough, and it often survived         battle damage which would have destroyed other aircraft.
"The Flying Cigar" was an occasional         nickname for the Vickers Wellington Bomber, more commonly known as the "Wimpy". The term "Flying Cigar" alludes to the         shape of the fuselage as seen from the profile perspective.
After having early-on proved the inadequacy of         the turret fire-power in fending off attacking fighters during daylight         attacks, the Wellington went on to build up a great reputation for         reliability and ruggedness in night bombing operations. In April 1941,         they were the first to drop the deadly "block-buster" bomb,         during a raid on Emden, and they helped to initiate the Pathfinder         target-indicating tactics. In service, the Wellington was known as "The Wimpy", after J. Wellington Wimpy, Popeye's friend. (cartoon characters)
Question:
Which WW2 aircraft was known as 'The Wimpy'?
Answer:
Vickers Wellington Mk.IC
Passage:
Jennifer Eccles
"Jennifer Eccles" is a 1968 single by the Hollies. It was released with the B-side Open Up Your Eyes on the Parlophone label, Catalogue number R5680. The song reached #7 on the UK singles chart in March 1968.  Around the same time, it was released in the US with a different B-side, "Try It", and reached #40 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Jennifer Eccles (who had "terrible freckles") also features in the song "Lily the Pink" by The Scaffold; the reference is an in-joke, as Graham Nash, who had by now left the Hollies, sang backing vocals on this recording. 

Charts

Other versions

* The independent rock band Eels released a cover on its Useless Trinkets collection of B-sides and rarities.
Question:
"The line ""Jennifer Eccles had terrible freckles"" from the 'Scaffold's', 'Lily The Pink' refers to the single 'Jennifer Eccles' which was a hit for which group?"
Answer:
'THE HOLLIES'
Passage:
William George Beers
William George Beers (May 5, 1843 – December 26, 1900), a noted Canadian dentist and patriot, is referred to as the "father of modern lacrosse" for his work establishing the first set of playing rules for the game.

Lacrosse

William Beers was involved with lacrosse from a young age.  As a teenager, in 1856, was a member of the Montreal Lacrosse Club. He was selected at age 17 to be a goalkeeper for a Montreal exhibition team that played a match before the Prince of Wales.

In 1860, Beers began to codify the first written rules of the modern game. Prior to this, all rules of the game needed to be decided prior to each game. Some of the rules established by Beers were the size of and the use of a rubber lacrosse ball, that the lacrosse stick could be any length, but the pocket needed to be flat in the absence of a ball, length of the field to 200 yd, size of the goal and goal crease, twelve members of a team on the field at a time, and the length of a match to first to reach five goals, or lead by three.  

In 1867, as lacrosse was growing significantly in popularity, Beers created the Canadian National Lacrosse Foundation. In 1869, Beers published a book on lacrosse entitled Lacrosse: The National Game of Canada. In 1876, Beers organized a team of Canadian players and Indians players to tour England, Scotland, and Ireland to showcase the sport.  During this trip in 1876, Queen Victoria witnessed an exhibition game and was impressed, saying "The game is very pretty to watch." Her endorsement was enough for many English girls' schools to adopt the sport in the 1890s.  Again in 1883, Beers returned to England to showcase lacrosse.  This time Beers brought two teams to play exhibition game.

Dentistry

Beers was a successful and notable dentist.  After finishing his schooling in 1856, Beers completed a dental apprenticeship.  By the early 1860s, Beers was a successful dentist and began publishing article in journals. In 1868, he founded Canada's first dental journal, the Canada Journal of Dental Science.    Although this publication failed, he went on to start the Dominion Dental Journal in 1889, which eventually became the modern day Journal of the Canadian Dental Association. He also served as dean of Quebec's first dental college - the Dental College of the Province of Quebec, founded in 1892. In 1896 this College became affiliated with Bishop's University as their Dental Faculty.  He held the position of Dean at Bishop's for only a short time; differences in opinion regarding curriculum and concerns over the use of untrained dental assistants led Beers to resign from the position. 

Nationalism

Beers was a strong Canadian nationalist. Besides advocating for lacrosse to become the national sport of Canada believing it would serve as "unifying symbol for the emerging Canadian nationality," Beers also defended the country against the Fenian Raids in 1866 and 1870.   During the raids, Beers helped establish the Victoria Rifles of Canada. 

Bibliography
Question:
In 1867, William George Beers, a Canadian dentist, codified which sport (shortening the game and reducing the number of players to 12 per team), with the first game played under these rules at Upper Canada College between Upper Canada College and the Toronto Cricket Club?
Answer:
Lacrosse
Passage:
Castle Donington
Castle Donington is a small market town  and civil parish in Leicestershire, England. It is situated on the edge of the National Forest close to East Midlands Airport.

Transport and housing

Castle Donington stands on the former Nottingham to Birmingham trunk road. The town is a mix of the old and new, with modern shops mixed with dignified Georgian and Regency houses. Several timber framed houses dating from the 17th century and earlier survive along the main road.

The town has no rail station, but East Midlands Parkway opened early in 2008 at Ratcliffe-on-Soar providing links on the Midland Main Line.

In 1868 the Midland Railway opened the Castle Donington Line, which included Castle Donington and Shardlow railway station, on the northern edge of the town. The station was closed to regular passenger traffic in 1930, and closed completely and demolished in 1968. The access driveway still exists but for pedestrians only, and is the start of a footpath to Hemington, running past the site of the old goods yard, now a scrap yard. The railway remains open for substantial flows of freight traffic as an alternative to the route via Derby.

History

King's Mill, the nearby crossing on the River Trent, is mentioned in a charter issued by Æthelred the Unready in 1009 regarding the boundaries of Weston-on-Trent.  Dunintune or Dunitone is mentioned twice in the Domesday Book of 1086 as having land belonging to Countess Ælfgifu and land assigned to Earl Hugh. It is called Castoldonyngtoin in a duchy of Lancaster warrant of 1484.

In 1278, King Edward I granted a charter for a weekly market and an annual Wakes Fair. The Fair continues in Borough Street for three days each October. 

Lace-making was an important industry up until the 1850s, when a sharp decline in the population is recorded. The population did not recover to the same level until a century later, when in 1950 over 3,000 people are recorded as living in the village. 

Bondgate, Borough Street and Clapgun Street formed the nucleus of the historic village, with the Castle formerly standing at the eastern end of Borough Street on Castle Hill. It was abandoned and its stone used to build Donington Hall within Donington Park. 

In the early 1950s local councils from Derby, Nottingham and Leicester were seeking a suitable site to build an airport for the region. The former RAF Castle Donington, to the south of the village, was chosen and land purchased in the parishes of Kegworth, Hemington and Lockington to form an enclosed site now forming East Midlands Airport. The airport opened in 1955 and is now the tenth largest airport in the UK, the second largest in terms of freight and cargo. The airport site is now an important economic center, and a major employer in the area. 

Castle Donington Power Station was built in 1958 as one of the largest coal-fired power stations in Europe, and was officially opened by Nikita Khrushchev, then-leader of the Soviet Union. It was closed in September 1994 and demolished in 1996.

Education

Castle Donington has two primary schools, St Edwards and Orchard Primary School, each serving roughly one half of the town. Castle Donington College, which celebrated its 50th anniversary on 10 September 2007, takes students from ages 10–14 who then move on to either Hind Leys Community College in Shepshed or Ashby Grammar School in Ashby-de-la-Zouch as there is no Upper School in Castle Donington.

Economy

East Midlands Airport is served by several airlines including flyBE, bmi regional, Ryanair, Jet2.Com, Thomson Airways and Thomas Cook Airlines. The express parcels company DHL has a base at the airport. 

Donington Park motor racing circuit is located to the south east of the village.

The site of the former power station has been redeveloped in to a major retail distribution hub and warehousing area. The principal tenant is Marks and Spencer.

Events

The annual May Bank Holiday Medieval Market takes place in Borough Street and includes local stalls selling various kinds of produce and goods accompanied by dancing and music.

On the second Saturday of every month a farmers market is held on the playground of St Edward's C of E primary school.

Donington Sunday Market takes place virtually every Sunday at Donington Park. This is a very large market attracting hundreds of shoppers. 

Donington Park was the original venue for the Monsters of Rock festivals through the 1980s and 1990s, and is now the home of the annual Download Festival. It also hosted a Formula One Grand Prix - The European Grand Prix - in April 1993, which was won by Ayrton Senna. It was also set to be the home of the British Grand Prix from 2010 for at least 10 years,  but the agreement was cancelled due to financial problems.
The circuit also hosts the Donington Grand Prix Collection, the world's largest collection of Formula One and Grand Prix vehicles. Brian Henton, an F1 driver, was born in Castle Donington.

Sport Clubs

Castle Donington Town Football Club, who won the Leicestershire County Cup in the 2005–06 season.

Castle Donington Cobras Football Club, winners of the Derbyshire FA Sunday Junior Cup in the 2014-15 season, and 2015-16 season

Castle Donington Football Club (Charter Standard) Runners up in the North Leicestershire League, Division 1 2014-15 season, currently playing in the Premier League.

Castle Donington Town Cricket Club

Castle Donington Rugby Union Football Club

Donington Park

Donington Park is a site near Castle Donington in North West Leicestershire, England.
Originally part of the Donington Hall estate, it is leased by Donington Ventures Leisure Ltd from owner Tom Wheatcroft. Used as a motor racing track, it is also the venue for the Download Festival. Donington Park had a contract to stage the Formula One British Grand Prix for a period of 10 years from 2010 but this was later cancelled due to Donington Park's failing to secure the finances required to upgrade the track.
Question:
What is the two-word name of the airport at Castle Donington in Leicestershire?
Answer:
East Midlands (region)
Passage:
Lumpsucker
Lumpsuckers or lumpfish are mostly small scorpaeniform marine fish of the family Cyclopteridae. They are found in the cold waters of the Arctic, North Atlantic, and North Pacific oceans. The greatest number of species are found in the North Pacific.

The roe of Cyclopterus lumpus (the lumpsucker or lumpfish to most Europeans and people living along the East Coast of the United States), known as stenbider (literally "stone biter") in Danish, is used extensively in Scandinavian cuisine. The roe is also used as an affordable alternative to the caviar produced by sturgeons.

The family name Cyclopteridae derives from the Greek words κύκλος (kyklos), meaning "circle", and πτέρυξ (pteryx), meaning "wing" or "fin", in reference to the circle-shaped pectoral fins of most of the fish that comprise this family.

Description 

Lumpsuckers are named appropriately enough; their portly bodies are nearly spherical with generally drab coloration and lithic patterns. The "sucker" part refers to the fish's modified pelvic fins, which have evolved into adhesive discs (located ventrally, behind the pectoral fins); the fish use these discs to adhere to the substrate. Many species have bony, wart-like tubercles adorning the head and body; these are important taxonomic features of the family.

The simple, rounded fins are small with the exception of the broad, fan-like pectorals, which actually extend ventrally. The first of the two dorsal fins is spinous, with 4-8 spines; in some species, this fin is completely overgrown with skin and therefore not visible. While the lateral line in lumpsuckers is otherwise reduced or absent, it is well developed in the head; some species even have tubular, whisker-like external projections of the opercular canal, which is a part of the cranial lateral line system.

The relatively small mouths of lumpsuckers are lined with narrow rows of small conical teeth. The gas bladder is absent. In terms of length, lumpsuckers range in size from 2 cm in the case of Lethotremus awae up to more than 50 cm in the case of the common lumpsucker Cyclopterus lumpus.

Habitat and diet 

As their appearance might suggest, lumpsuckers are poor swimmers. Most species are benthic; that is, they spend most of their time on or near the bottom. The fish are found on rocky or muddy substrates, where their coloration allows for effective camouflage. Members of the family are found primarily on the continental shelf or slope, at depths down to 1700 m. Some of the deeper-living species are however pelagic, remaining some distance above the ocean floor.

Benthic species feed on sessile invertebrates such as polychaete worms, crustaceans and mollusks. Pelagic species target prey they are capable of overtaking, namely slow-moving jellyfish and ctenophores.

Behaviour and reproduction 

Lumpsuckers are a poorly studied group, with little known of their behaviour and biology. At least some species are known to travel great distances in order to spawn in shallow, intertidal waters (from December to June in the smooth lumpsucker); this may well be true of all species. Males are also known to guard the brood of spherical eggs.

One of the peculiarities of Lumpsuckers neural system is that they lack Mauthner cell neurons in their hindbrain, while these cells are present in virtually all other teleost fish. Nevertheless, the lumpsuckers do have a C-startle response, which is apparently mediated by other hindbrain cells. 

Hatchlings have well-developed pectoral fins and adhesive pelvic discs, which the fish use to cling to rocks in shallow water. Young fish remain in shallow, warmer water until fully developed. Pacific cod and sablefish are known predators of lumpsuckers.

Fishermen and the lumpsucker industry

Cyclopterus lumpus plays an important role in the Icelandic fishing industry; Lotna ehf, a fishing company partly owned by Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson, have recorded catches of lumpfish as large as 2 tonnes. Other fish often caught on trawlers simultaneously with lumpfish include cod.

Species

There are about 30 species in 7 genera:
* Genus Aptocyclus De la Pylaie, 1835
** Aptocyclus ventricosus (Pallas, 1769) (Smooth lumpsucker)
* Genus Cyclopsis Popov, 1930
** Cyclopsis tentacularis Popov, 1930
* Genus Cyclopteropsis Soldatov & Popov, 1929
** Cyclopteropsis bergi Popov, 1929
** Cyclopteropsis brashnikowi (P. Y. Schmidt, 1904)
** Cyclopteropsis inarmatus Mednikov (ru) & Prokhorov, 1956 (Bumpy lumpsucker)
** Cyclopteropsis jordani Soldatov, 1929 (Smooth lumpfish)
** Cyclopteropsis lindbergi Soldatov, 1930
** Cyclopteropsis mcalpini (Fowler, 1914) (Arctic lumpsucker)
** Cyclopteropsis popovi Soldatov, 1929
* Genus Cyclopterus Linnaeus, 1758
** Cyclopterus lumpus Linnaeus, 1758 (Lumpsucker)
* Genus Eumicrotremus T. N. Gill, 1862
** Eumicrotremus andriashevi Perminov, 1936
*** E. a. aculeatus Voskoboinikova & Nazarkin, 2015 (Andriashev's spicular-spiny pimpled lumpsucker) 
*** E. a. andriashevi Perminov, 1936 (Andriashev's spiny pimpled lumpsucker)
** Eumicrotremus asperrimus (S. Tanaka (I), 1912)
** Eumicrotremus derjugini Popov, 1926 (Leather-fin lumpsucker)
** Eumicrotremus eggvinii Koefoed, 1956
** Eumicrotremus gyrinops (Garman, 1892)
** Eumicrotremus orbis (Günther, 1861) (Pacific spiny lumpsucker)
** Eumicrotremus pacificus P. Y. Schmidt, 1904
** Eumicrotremus phrynoides C. H. Gilbert & Burke, 1912 (Toad lumpsucker)
** Eumicrotremus schmidti Lindberg & Legeza, 1955
** Eumicrotremus soldatovi Popov, 1930
** Eumicrotremus spinosus (J. C. Fabricius, 1776) (Atlantic spiny lumpsucker)
** Eumicrotremus taranetzi Perminov, 1936
** Eumicrotremus tartaricus Lindberg & Legeza, 1955
** Eumicrotremus terraenovae G. S. Myers & J. E. Böhlke, 1950
* Genus Georgimarinus Voskoboinikova & Nazarkin, 2015 
** Georgimarinus barbatus (Lindberg & Legeza, 1955)
* Genus Lethotremus C. H. Gilbert, 1896
** Lethotremus awae D. S. Jordan & Snyder, 1902
** Lethotremus muticus C. H. Gilbert, 1896
* Genus Microancathus Voskoboinikova, 2015 
** Microancathus fedorovi (Mandritsa, 1991) (Fedorov’s lumpsucker)
** Microancathus tokranovi Voskoboinikova, 2015 (Tokranov’s lumpsucker)
Question:
What type of creature is a lumpsucker?
Answer:
Fish proteins
Passage:
St. Swithin's Day (comics)
St. Swithin's Day is a story written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Paul Grist in 1989 for Trident Comics.

The story is said by Morrison to be based upon his diaries and is also said to be partly autobiographical.

Publication history

It originally appeared in Trident (which was Trident Comics' anthology title) issues 1-4 in black and white.

Collected editions

In 1990 it was compiled into a single edition and reprinted by Trident Comics in colour. This edition quickly went out of print and for many years it remained out of print as Trident Comics had gone  out of business in 1991. It was later reprinted by Oni Press in 1998.

Plot

St.Swithin's Day tells the story of an alienated British teenager in the 1980s and in particular, Margaret Thatcher's time as British Prime Minister.

We first meet the lead character, a teenager (who is not given a name in the story) shoplifting a copy of Catcher in the Rye from a London bookshop. He says, "I hate the rain.  Everything bad happens in the rain." His reason for stealing the book is not clear beyond him saying they can find it in his pocket "when this is all over".

During the course of the story we find out that the teenager is from an unnamed northern British town or city, stealing his housemates' unemployment benefits to come to London to assassinate Margaret Thatcher while she makes a public appearance at a technical college.  We see he has a gun to shoot her and she is due to appear on July 15, which is Saint Swithin's Day, hence the title of the comic.

Much of the strip is made up of the teenager preparing himself to assassinate Thatcher and exploring his own teenage angst. The final chapter starts with the teenager waiting for Thatcher after writing "neurotic boy outsider" on his forehead. 

It is raining on the day and the teenager manages to get near to Thatcher and starts to pull out what the reader thinks is the previously seen gun. However we see it is actually his hand and as he points his hand at Thatcher he says "bang" shortly before her bodyguards leap upon him and begin beating him.

While being beaten the teenager thinks, "it was worth it just to see her scared". The last scenes are of the teenager traveling on a train on a sunny day and his final lines are "I don't care if it rains. I really don't care at all."

Reaction and controversy

Reaction to the story was hugely positive within the comics community. However the story of its publication had been picked up by the British tabloid newspaper The Sun, a pro-Thatcher newspaper. 

They ran an item on the story under the headline "DEATH TO MAGGIE BOOK SPARKS TORY UPROAR" with quotes from MPs such as Teddy Taylor condemning the book. This even led to questions being asked in the House of Commons about the comic.

All this proved great publicity for Trident Comics and they took advantage of it, even going as far to reprint The Sun's article in advertising for the reprint edition.
Question:
In which month is St Swithin's Day?
Answer:
July
Passage:
Why Knickerbockers? | THE OFFICIAL SITE OF THE NEW YORK KNICKS
Why Knickerbockers? | THE OFFICIAL SITE OF THE NEW YORK KNICKS
Skip to the main content
THE NAME ...
The term "Knickerbockers" traces its origin back to the Dutch settlers who came to the New World -- and especially to what is now New York -- in the 1600s. Specifically, it refers to the style of pants the settlers wore ... pants that rolled up just below the knee, which became known as "Knickerbockers," or "knickers".
Through history, the Dutch settler "Knickerbocker" character became synonymous with New York City. The city's most popular symbol of the late 19th and early 20th centuries was "Father Knickerbocker," complete with cotton wig, three-cornered hat, buckled shoes, and, of course, knickered pants.
The Knickerbocker name had its first use in the world of sports in 1845, when Alexander Cartwright's Manhattan-based baseball team -- the first organized team in baseball history -- was named the "New York Knickerbockers" or the "Knickerbocker Nine." The Knickerbocker name stayed with the team even after it moved its base of operations to Elysian Fields at Hoboken, N.J. in 1846. (The baseball link may have prompted Casey Stengel to joyously exclaim, "It's great to be back as the manager of the Knickerbockers!" when he was named pilot of the newborn Mets in 1961.)
Thus, the Knickerbocker name was an integral part of the New York scene when the Basketball Association of America granted a charter franchise to the city in the summer of 1946. As can best be determined, the final decision to call the team the "Knickerbockers" was made by the club's founder, the legendary Ned Irish.
"The name came out of a hat," recalled Fred Podesta, the longtime Garden executive who passed away at age 86 in 1999. "We were all sitting in the office one day -- Irish, (public relations director) Lester Scott and a few others on the staff. We each put a name in the hat, and when we pulled them out, most of them said Knickerbockers, after Father Knickerbocker, the symbol of New York City. It soon was shortened to Knicks."
In keeping with another New York tradition, the team's colors have always (except for the years from 1980-81 through 1982-83) been orange, blue and white. . .the official colors of New York City.
Why "Knickerbockers"? Why not??
Question:
What nickname was given to the original Dutch settlers of New York?
Answer:
Knickerbocker (disambiguation)
