Passage:
Dermot Murnaghan
Dermot Murnaghan (born 26 December 1957) is a British broadcaster. A presenter for Sky News, he was a news presenter at CNBC Europe, Independent Television News and BBC News. He has presented news programmes in a variety of time slots since joining Sky News in 2007. He also presented the hugely popular BBC quiz show Eggheads on and off between 2003 and 2014 before Jeremy Vine took over full-time.

Early life and education

Murnaghan was born in Devon in South West England. He and his family later moved to Northern Ireland - first to Armagh City, then to Newry, County Down, and then to Holywood.

Murnaghan was educated at two schools in Northern Ireland: St Malachy's Primary School in Armagh City and Sullivan Upper School (a grammar school) in Holywood,  followed by the University of Sussex in England, graduating with a master's degree in history in 1980. He then completed a postgraduate course in journalism at City University London.

Career

Murnaghan worked as a trainee reporter on local newspapers before joining Channel 4 as a researcher and later a reporter for The Business Programme.

Murnaghan presented the European Business Channel in Switzerland before being recalled by ITN to present the World News on The Channel 4 Daily between 1991 and 1992 after the departure of original anchor Carol Barnes.

Murnaghan presented programmes on ITV such as the ITV Lunchtime News and News at Ten. In 1997, as an ITN news presenter, Murnaghan broke the news of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales to viewers on ITV.  He later presented the ITV Evening News and the ITV Nightly News when ITV relaunched their news output in 1999. He also worked on ITV's general election coverage in 2001.

From September 2002 to December 2007 Murnaghan was a main presenter of BBC Breakfast, replacing Jeremy Bowen. He presented the show alongside Sophie Raworth, Natasha Kaplinsky, Kate Silverton, Sian Williams and Susanna Reid. He was also a regular stand-in on the BBC Six O'Clock News and BBC Ten O'Clock News and co-presented the BBC News at Six on Fridays from September 2003 to summer 2007 alongside Sian Williams. His presenting style was lampooned in the impersonation sketch show Dead Ringers by Jon Culshaw, his widely spaced legs on the presenting couch mocked with the phrase 'I'm Dermot Murnaghan, watch my crotch follow you round the room'.

Whilst at the BBC, he presented BBC One's Treasure Hunt (2002–2003), a revival of an earlier format on Channel 4 Television. He co-presented BBC Breakfast from Monday to Thursday as well as regularly fronting national BBC news bulletins until December 2007.

In October 2007, it was announced that Murnaghan would be leaving the BBC for Sky News. Murnaghan became the second news presenter to depart the corporation in the same month - Natasha Kaplinsky also left to join Five News, produced by Sky. Since 8 January 2008 Murnaghan has presented Sky News from 10 AM to 1 PM Monday - Wednesday.  His last time presenting Breakfast was 20 December 2007.

Murnaghan presented the BBC Two daytime show Eggheads from 2003 until 2014, as well as its short-lived spin-off series Are You an Egghead? in 2008 and 2009. After his move to Sky News he shared this role with Jeremy Vine, who subsequently became the sole presenter in series 16. He also presented the BBC revival of Channel 4's 1980s hit Treasure Hunt alongside Suzi Perry. Murnaghan has guest presented reports for different travel shows including ITV's Wish You Were Here...? and BBC One's rival programme Holiday. He has made cameos as a newsreader in the 2004 film Wimbledon,  Absolute Power and Midnight Man.

As of 9 January 2011, Murnaghan started presenting his own show entitled Murnaghan on Sky News that airs on Sunday mornings from 10.00 AM to 12.00 PM, replacing Sunday Live with Adam Boulton.

Controversy

On 19 January 2015, Murnaghan was criticised for his hostile attitude towards Shadow Business Secretary Chuka Umunna during an interview where Murnaghan asked Umunna if he agreed with the statement sent by communities secretary to the Muslim community earlier in the day. Umunna acknowledged that he had not read it, though Murnaghan nonetheless continued to press the Shadow Business Secretary, resulting in an abrupt end to the interview when Murnaghan cut-off Umunna mid-speech by saying "so you are not going to speak until you get the party line right?" Viewers complained about the lack of journalistic standards, insinuating remarks and poor attitude exhibited by Murnaghan during the interview.  

On 8 February 2015 Murnaghan announced the Estonian president, Toomas Hendrik Ilves, as Toomas Hendrik and proceeded to call him "President Hendrik" (President Henry in English). President Ilves removed his microphone and left, saying "Tell him to shut up, he can't even get my name right"  

Personal life

In August 1989 Murnaghan married Maria Keegan in Camden; they have four children. They live together in North London. Murnaghan is an Arsenal fan.

In 2006, Murnaghan became President of the Television and Radio Industries Club (TRIC) and presented the TRIC Awards 2007.
Question:
Who took over from Dermot Murnaghan as host of BBC2's Eggheads?
Answer:
Jeremy Vine
Passage:
Fray Bentos
Fray Bentos, the capital of the Río Negro Department of western Uruguay, is a port on the Uruguay River.

Location

The city is close to the border with Argentina and about 160 km due north of Buenos Aires, and 309 km north-west from Montevideo, Uruguay's capital.

History

The town was originally founded as 'Villa Independencia' by Decree of 16 April 1859. It became capital of the Department of Río Negro on 7 July 1860 by the Act of Ley Nº 1.475 and its status was elevated to "Ciudad" (city) on 16 July 1900 by the Act of Ley Nº 2.656. Its current name, meaning "Friar Benedict", is derived from a reclusive priest. 

Historically, Fray Bentos' main industry has been meat processing. An industrial plant owned by the Societe de Fray Bentos Giebert & Cie., the Liebig Extract of Meat Company, was founded there in 1863. It was closed in 1979, after 117 years in operation. A local history museum opened on the site in March 2005.

Fray Bentos was the location of the crash of Austral Flight 2553, in which 74 people were killed (69 passengers and 5 crew) on October 10, 1997.  

Population

In 2011 Fray Bentos had a population of 24,406.  
 
Source: Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay

Economy

In 1899 a company called "Anglo", which originated from Lemco, began making corned beef there, which was sold as "Fray Bentos Corned Beef" in the UK. Fifty years later, the Fray Bentos company diversified into soups, meatballs and tinned fruit.  During the 1990s the focus shifted to pies and puddings and Fray Bentos was taken over by the Campbell Soup Company. However, in 2006, 'Campbells UK' was acquired by Premier Foods. The brand is now owned in the UK by Baxters, which manufactures the product range in Scotland. Additionally, the Campbell Soup Company manufactures and sells Fray Bentos branded steak and kidney pies in Australia.

In 2008, the Brazilian-owned Marfrig Group announced the re-opening of the Liebig factory and the resumption of export of meat products, though at a lower capacity than at the original factory. 

Botnia S.A., a subsidiary of Finnish corporation Metsä-Botnia, has built a large cellulose factory in Fray Bentos to produce bleached eucalyptus pulp; production started in November 2007, and the first shipments were made in December 2007 from the overseas port of Nueva Palmira. Investment in the project was about 1 billion USD and the factory directly or indirectly employs about 8,000 people. The project, however, is not without its opponents. On 30 April 2005 about 40,000 Argentines from Entre Ríos, along with environmental groups from both countries, demonstrated at the bridge linking both countries; since then, around ten to fifteen Argentinians have been blocking the international bridge to put pressure on the Uruguayan government to stop production at the factory, claiming it will gravely pollute the Uruguay River.  On 20 December 2005 a World Bank study concluded that the factory would not have a negative impact on the environment or tourism in either country. The paper mill started operating in November 2007 (see Pulp mill conflict between Argentina and Uruguay). 

Museums and culture

Fray Bentos has an Industrial Revolution Museum in the former meat processing factory of the Liebig Extract of Meat Company where thousands of people worked. When it was shut down, the opportunity was taken to create a unique museum, where the original machinery and social and cultural artefacts of the technological revolution in Fray Bentos could be shown to the world. The museum exhibits, for tourism and educational purposes, the machinery used in the meat and extract of meat process, the buildings, an 1893 Merryweather water pumping machine, a complete canning plant, a plant where the meat was cooked, a laboratory, etc.

It also has a museum for the artist Luis Alberto Solari, who was born in the city.

The Miguel Young Theatre is an important cultural landmark.

Sports

Fray Bentos has its own football league, the Liga Departamental de Fútbol de Río Negro, established in 1912, made up of 14 teams. Among the most notable are Fray Bentos Fútbol Club, Club Atlético Anglo and Laureles Fútbol Club.

In fiction

The title character of Borges' short story "Funes el Memorioso" was from Fray Bentos.

Notable people

* Gastón Ramírez (2 December 1990), footballer
* Lucas Torreiro, footballer 
* Federico Elduayen June 25, 1977, footballer
* Walter Pelletti (born 31 May 1966), former footballer
* Luis Alberto Solari (October 17, 1918 - October 13, 1993), was a painter and engraver
* Juan Manuel Tenuta (1924-2013), was an actor
* Juan José Timón (18 November 1937 – 13 July 2001), cyclist
Question:
In which country is the port of Fray Bentos?
Answer:
Cruzada Libertadora
Passage:
Cote d'Azur Airport (NCE) on Orbitz.com
Cote d'Azur Airport (NCE) on Orbitz.com
Europe/Paris
Fly to Nice Cote d'Azur International Airport
Fly to Nice Cote d'Azur International Airport (NCE) for a perfect romantic getaway or some serious escapism. This South city is affluent, stunningly located in the French Riviera, and bursting with charm and atmosphere.
Nice Cote d'Azur International Airport (NCE) is just over 3 miles from the city center and is very accessible by public transportation. There are regular Airport Express bus services running to and from downtown between 6am and midnight, and there is also a train station close to the airport accessible via underpasses, that visitors can use for train services to Monaco, Cannes and the Italian border. Taxis and car rentals are available too.
The views along the city's waterfront are second to none, in fact, the whole area of coastline is particularly beautiful, and well worth a drive along to explore. A daytrip to nearby Monaco to look at the super yachts and mansions is a fun experience too.
Weather
The balmy Mediterranean climate is pleasant and warm most of the year and tourists young and old are present year round. Public beaches are made from flat pebbles, so bringing a blanket, mat or chair for a day on the beach is worthwhile!
Dine
You will never go hungry in Nice. Streetside cafes and restaurants line the main downtown areas, with everything from fine French dining to creperies available. There are plenty of seafood options available, and the Soupe de Poisson and Salade Nicoise are local specialities.
Airports near Cote d'Azur Airport
Question:
Côte d’Azur Airport serves which French city?
Answer:
National Institute for Clinical Excellence
Passage:
Dot (diacritic)
When used as a diacritic mark, the term dot is usually reserved for the Interpunct ( · ), or to the glyphs 'combining dot above' ( ◌̇ ) and 'combining dot below' ( ◌̣ )
which may be combined with some letters of the extended Latin alphabets in use in Central European languages and Vietnamese.

Overdot

Language scripts or transcription schemes that use the dot above a letter as a diacritical mark:

* In some forms of Arabic romanization, ' stands for ghayin (غ); ' stands for qāf (ق).
* In Emilian-Romagnol, ṅ ṡ ż are used to represent [ŋ, z, ð]
* Traditional Irish typography, where the dot denotes lenition, and is called a  or  "dot of lenition": ḃ ċ ḋ ḟ ġ ṁ ṗ ṡ ṫ. Alternatively, lenition may be represented by a following letter h, thus: bh ch dh fh gh mh ph sh th. In Old Irish orthography, the dot was used only for ḟ ṡ, while the following h was used for ch ph th; lenition of other letters was not indicated. Later the two systems spread to the entire set of lenitable consonants and competed with each other. Eventually the standard practice was to use the dot when writing in Gaelic script and the following h when writing in antiqua. Thus ċ and ch represent the same phonetic element in Modern Irish.
*  is pronounced as, compared to ę, which is pronounced a lower (formerly nasalised), or e, pronounced.
*  is used for a voiceless palato-alveolar affricate, ġ for a voiced palato-alveolar affricate, and ż for a voiced alveolar sibilant.
* Old English: In modernized orthography, ċ is used for a voiceless palato-alveolar affricate, ġ for a palatal approximant (probably a voiced palatal fricative in the earliest texts)
*  is used for a voiced retroflex sibilant.
* The Sioux languages such as Lakota and Dakota sometimes use the dot above to indicate ejective stops.
* In the Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics orthography for the Cree, Ojibwe, and Inuktitut languages, a dot above a symbol signifies that the symbol's vowel should be a long vowel (the equivalent effect using the Roman orthography is achieved by doubling the vowel, for example:  ᒥ mi, ᒦ 
 mii ).
* In Turkish, the dot above lowercase i and j (and uppercase İ) is not regarded as an independent diacritic but as an integral part of the letter. It is called a tittle.
* In the Rheinische Dokumenta phonetic writing system overdots denote a special pronunciation of r.
* Some countries use the overdot as a decimal mark.

The overdot is also used in the Devanagari script, where it is called anusvara.

In mathematics and physics, when using Newton's notation the dot denotes the time derivative as in v=\dot{x}.  However, today this is more commonly written with a prime or using Leibniz's notation. In addition, the overdot is one way used to indicate an infinitely repeating set of numbers in decimal notation, as in 0.\dot{3}, which is equal to the fraction , and 0.\dot{1}\dot{4}\dot{2}\dot{8}\dot{5}\dot{7} or 0.\dot{1}4285\dot{7}, which is equal to 142857 (number)|.

Underdot

* In Inari Sami, an underdot denotes a half-long voiced consonant: đ̦, j̦, ḷ, ṃ, ṇ, ṇj, ŋ̦, ṛ, and ṿ. The underdot is used in dictionaries, textbooks, and linguistic publications only.
* In IAST and National Library at Calcutta romanization, transcribing languages of India, a dot below a letter distinguishes the retroflex consonants ṭ, ḍ, ṛ, ḷ, ṇ, ṣ, while m with underdot (ṃ) signifies an anunaasika. Very frequently (in modern transliterations of Sanskrit) an underdot is used instead of the ring (diacritic) below the vocalic r and l.
* In romanizations of Afroasiatic languages, a dot below a consonant indicates emphatic consonants. For example, ṣ represents an emphatic s.
** Ḍ
** Ṣ
** Ṭ
** Ẓ
** Ṛ
*In Asturian, ḷḷ (underdotted double ll) represents the voiced retroflex plosive or the Voiceless retroflex affricate, depending on dialect, and ḥ (underdotted h) the voiceless glottal fricative.
*In Romagnol, ẹ ọ are used to represent [e, o], e.g. Riminese dialect fradẹll, ọcc [fraˈdell, ˈotʃː] "brothers, eyes".
*In academic notation of Old Latin, ẹ̄ (e with underdot and macron) represents the long vowel, probably, that developed from the early Old Latin diphthong ei. This vowel usually became ī in Classical Latin.
*In academic transcription of Vulgar Latin, used in describing the development of the Romance languages, ẹ and ọ represent the close-mid vowels and, in contrast with the open-mid vowels and, which are represented as e and o with ogonek (ę ǫ).
*In O'odham language, Ḍ (d with underdot) represents a voiced retroflex stop.
* Vietnamese: The nặng tone (low, glottal) is represented with a dot below the base vowel: ạ ặ ậ ẹ ệ ị ọ ộ ợ ụ ự ỵ.
* In Yoruba, the dot (or alternatively a small vertical line) is used below the o for an "open-o" sound, the e for an "open-e," and the s for an "sh" sound (ẹ, ọ, ṣ). The marking distinguishes these from the unmarked characters since the sound differences are meaningful.
* In Igbo, an underdot can be used on i, o, and u to make ị, ọ, and ụ.  The underdot symbolizes a reduction in the vowel height.
* In Americanist phonetic notation, x with underdot x̣ represents a voiceless uvular fricative.
* Underdots are used in the Rheinische Dokumenta phonetic writing system to denote a voiced s and special pronunciations of r and a.
* In Marshallese, underdots on consonants represent velarization, such as the velarized bilabial nasal ṃ.

The underdot is also used in the Devanagari script, where it is called nukta.

Encoding

In Unicode, the dot is encoded at:
* 
and at:
* 

There is also:
*
Question:
What is the dot over a lower case ‘i’ called?
Answer:
Tittles
Passage:
Mrs de Winter
Mrs de Winter is a novel by Susan Hill published in 1993. It is the sequel to the novel Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier. 

Summary

When Manderley burned, tormented Maxim de Winter and his demure second wife fled the ghosts of a dark, unspoken yesterday and now have come home to England, to bury what was and start anew. But the sensual warmth of a golden autumn cannot mask the chill of a lingering evil. For October's gentle breeze whispers that Rebecca -beautiful, mysterious, malevolent Rebecca- is haunting their lives once more. 

Reviews

Critical reviews have been generally bad, stating that this sequel is not really up to the standard set by the original author, du Maurier. The plot has been regarded as quite dull, without any evolution of the character of Mrs.  de Winter in spite of the time lapse. Also, it casts the same characters all over again without the narration being intense and engaging enough. "Throughout the media jamboree attending this sequel, Rebecca's remaining lovers will feel like Mrs Danvers - dour, uncomprehending, and dismissive of the newcomer's ineffective attempts to please".
Question:
The 1993 novel 'Mrs. de Winter' by Susan Hill was a sequel towhich classic 20th century novel?
Answer:
Rifkah
Passage:
River Tavy
The Tavy is a river on Dartmoor, Devon, England. The name derives from the Brythonic root "Taff", the original meaning of which has now been lost.   It has given its name to the town of Tavistock and the villages of Mary Tavy and Peter Tavy.
It is a tributary of the River Tamar and has as its own tributaries:
*Collybrooke
*River Burn
*River Wallabrooke
*River Lumburn
*River Walkham

At Tavistock it feeds a canal running to Morwellham Quay.

Its mouth it is crossed by the Tavy Bridge which carries the Tamar Valley railway line.

Navigation

The river is navigable inland as far as Lopwell, where a weir marks the normal tidal limit, about a 9 mi journey from North Corner Quay at Devonport.  River transport was an important feature of the local farming, mining, tourism and forestry economies.  

The Queen's Harbour Master for Plymouth  is responsible for managing navigation on the River Tavy up to the normal tidal limit.
Question:
Where do the rivers Dart, Tavy, Teigh and Okement rise?
Answer:
Dartmoor
Passage:
Battle of Santa Clara
The Battle of Santa Clara was a series of events in late December 1958 that led to the capture of the Cuban city of Santa Clara by revolutionaries under the command of Che Guevara. The battle was a decisive victory for the rebels fighting against the regime of General Fulgencio Batista: within 12 hours of the city's capture Batista fled Cuba and Fidel Castro's forces claimed overall victory. It features prominently on the back of the three convertible peso bill.

Attack on the city

Guevara's column travelled on 28 December 1958 from the coastal port of Caibarién along the road to the town of Camajuani, which lay between Caibarién and Santa Clara. Their journey was received by cheering crowds of peasants, and Caibarién's capture within a day reinforced the sense among the rebel fighters that overall victory was imminent. Government troops guarding the army garrison at Camajuani deserted their posts without incident, and Guevara's column proceeded to Santa Clara. They arrived at the city's university on the outskirts of the town at dusk. 

There, Guevara, who was wearing his arm in a sling after falling off a wall during the fighting in Caibarién, divided his forces (which numbered about 300) into two columns. The southern column was the first to meet the defending army forces commanded by Colonel Casillas Lumpuy. An armored train, sent by Batista to reinforce supplies of ammunition, weapons and other equipment, traveled along to the foot of the hill of Capiro, northeast of the city, establishing a command post there. Guevara dispatched his "suicide squad", a force under 23-year-old Roberto Rodríguez (known as "El Vaquerito"), to capture the hill, using hand grenades. The defenders of the hill withdrew with surprising speed and the train, containing officers and soldiers from the command post, withdrew towards the middle of the town.

In the city itself a series of skirmishes were taking place between government forces and the second rebel column, led by Rolando Cubela, with the assistance of civilians providing Molotov cocktails. Two army garrisons (the barracks of the Leoncio Vidal Regiment and the barracks of the 31 Regiment of the Rural Guard) were under siege from Cubela's forces despite army support from aircraft, snipers and tanks.

Capture of the train

 
 
Guevara, who viewed the capture of the armored train as a priority, successfully mobilized the tractors of the school of Agronomy at the university to raise the rails of the railway. The train was therefore derailed as it transported troops away from the Capiro hill. The officers within tumbled out asking for a truce. At this, ordinary soldiers, whose morale was very low, began to fraternize with the rebels, saying that they were tired of fighting against their own people. Shortly afterwards the armored train was in the hands of the rebels and its 350 men and officers were transported as prisoners.

The train contained a considerable amount of weaponry, a huge bonus to revolutionary forces, which would become a basis of further attack in the hands of both the rebels and supportive peasants. Guevara himself described how the men were forced out by a volley of Molotov cocktails, causing the armored train to become a "veritable oven for the soldiers".

The capture of the train, and the subsequent media broadcasts from both the government and the rebels proved to be a key tipping point in the revolution.It is reported by witnesses, that at some point during the battle, Guevara's machine gun jammed. A local mechanic, named Alberto Garcia, was taken in the midst of gun fire to his shop, about one block away from the action, in order to repair the machine gun. Mr. Garcia's new home had just been built right next to the  train tracks and it served as Che's headquarters during the battle. Mr. Garcia was still living in his old house with his young family just across the street. In an effort to capture Che Guevara and in retaliation for the taking of the train, Mr. Garcia's new home was subsequently bombarded by Batista's army. Despite the next day's newspapers hailing Batista's "victory" at Santa Clara, contrary broadcasts from Castro's rebel forces accelerated the succession of army surrenders. The reports ended with the news that rebel leaders were heading "without let or hindrance" towards Havana to take over the Government. 

Nowadays the "Armored Train" () is a national memorial and museum located near the depot of Santa Clara station.

Capture of the city

Most garrisons around the country quickly surrendered to the first guerrilla commander who showed up at their gate. In mid-afternoon, Che announced over Radio Rebelde that the last troops in Santa Clara had surrendered. 

References and notes
Question:
Who was the victorious commander in the conflict known as The Battle Of Santa Clara that lasted from December 28th 1958 till January 1st 1959, he died on October 9th 1967 aged 39 ?
Answer:
Dr. Adolfo Mena Gonzalez
Passage:
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let ... - BrainyQuote
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate. - John F. Kennedy - BrainyQuote
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Find on Amazon: John F. Kennedy
Cite this Page: Citation
Question:
"Which American president is credited with the quote:- ""Let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate?"
Answer:
JFK
Passage:
Republic of Upper Volta
The Republic of Upper Volta () was a landlocked west-African country established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community. Before attaining autonomy it had been French Upper Volta and  part of the French Union. On August 5, 1960, it attained full independence from France.

Overview

Thomas Sankara came to power through a military coup d'état on August 4, 1983. After the coup, he formed the National Council for the Revolution (CNR), with himself as president. Under the direction of Sankara, the country changed its name on August 4, 1984, from the Upper Volta to Burkina Faso, which means "Land of Incorruptible People".

The name Upper Volta indicated that the country contains the upper part of the Volta River. The river is divided into three parts—the Black Volta, White Volta, and Red Volta, which form the colors of the national flag corresponding to parts of the river.
Question:
Upper Volta is the former name of which country?
Answer:
Bourkina-Fasso
Passage:
The Role that a Gaffer Plays in a Film Production - Bright Hub
The Role that a Gaffer Plays in a Film Production
What is a Gaffer and Where Did the Name Come From?
written by: Shawn S. Lealos•edited by: Rhonda Callow •updated: 5/26/2011
If you’ve watched the credits at the end of a film or TV show, chances are you’ve seen the term “gaffer” somewhere in there. So, what exactly does a gaffer do and what department do they work in?
slide 1 of 4
The gaffer - also credited as the Chief Lighting Technician (CLT) or “juicer" - is ultimately the head electrician in the electrical department. He is in charge of the placement of all the rigging and lights on the set. The gaffer answers directly to the cinematographer of the movie as part of a crew that also includes the camera operator and key grip. His direct assistant is called the best boy.
A good gaffer, especially one who operates as the ‘Lighting Director', knows the lights, from the types of light sources available, available power supply, lighting ratios, to the color temperatures of all types of lighting conditions. Whether daylight or tungsten, he should know how to correctly balance the lights accordingly. He should also be familiar with what type of gels, diffusers and light modifiers may be used in order to manipulate any lighting condition the director of photography (DP) sees fit. Generally, it is the DP that controls the creative aspects of the lighting design on the set and, therefore, the gaffer acts more as a technical crew member. They usually have their own equipment and trucks and may then serve as a contracting service company on the production.
slide 2 of 4
Hierarchy (commonly found in motion pictures)
  The producer or production manager, in consultation with the DP, hires the gaffer for the film production. If the production is a larger one, with a larger budget in which more crew is needed, he runs his own crew. Other than the best boy, his crew also consists of a number of electricians or electrics (aka ‘sparks’) working below him. On the set, he works closely and reports directly to the DP.
The gaffer also works closely with the grip department, the physical laborers that move and/or set up equipment, such as the heavy lights and modifiers and rigs, dolly tracks, and so forth.
He should not to be confused with a key grip. A gaffer oversees lighting and electrical issues while the key grip oversees the laborers that move and set up equipment, etc. on the set.
slide 3 of 4
Origin
The origin of the term ‘gaffer’ is unknown. However, it is believed to have originated from the actual gaff pole, the pole that was used to adjust the lights and modifiers or flags located on a grid above the set/stage. Others believe the term derived from the gaffs, the poles on a ship, for a good bit of the early gaffers on a film set were actually off-duty sailors. This is an interesting theory since the term ‘best boy’ derives from a sailing term, one which the captain would deem the best of all his crew and would serve as his right-hand man. Today, the best boy operates in much the same way.
slide 4 of 4
Film Art: An Introduction (Fourth Edition). Bordwell, David and Thompson, Kristin.
Images included are part of author's private collection.
◄ ● ● ● ● ►
Question:
In film and TV the term ‘gaffer’ is used for the chief …….what?
Answer:
Electrician
