Passage:
The Age of Unreason
This article is about the science fiction series; The Age of Unreason (ISBN 0-09-954831-3) is also the title of a book by Charles Handy.

The Age of Unreason is a series of four novels written by Gregory Keyes:
* Newton's Cannon (1998), ISBN 1-56865-829-X
* A Calculus of Angels (1999), ISBN 0-7394-0260-9
* Empire of Unreason (2000), ISBN 0-345-40609-5
* The Shadows of God (2001), ISBN 0-345-43904-X

Its title is a reference to Thomas Paine's treatise The Age of Reason.
The story spans the late seventeenth and early eighteenth century, with the action moving between England and France, later involving Russia, Austria, the Republic of Venice, and North America. The author makes use of pseudosciences (scientific alchemy instead of our physics) that were popular at the time: using affinity and aether, for example.  Some historical characters appear in important roles: Isaac Newton, Voltaire, Benjamin Franklin, Cotton Mather, King Louis XIV of France, Emperor Peter the Great of Russia, King Charles XII of Sweden, and Edward Teach, better known as the pirate Blackbeard.
Question:
What visionary management thinker wrote The Age Of Unreason and The Empty Raincoat?
Answer:
Charles Handy
Passage:
Filigree | Define Filigree at Dictionary.com
Filigree | Define Filigree at Dictionary.com
filigree
noun
1.
delicate ornamental work of fine silver, gold, or other metal wires, especially lacy jewelers' work of scrolls and arabesques.
2.
anything very delicate or fanciful:
a filigree of frost.
composed of or resembling filigree.
verb (used with object), filigreed, filigreeing.
4.
to adorn with or form into filigree.
Expand
1685-95; earlier filigreen, variant of filigrain
Dictionary.com Unabridged
Examples from the Web for filigree
Expand
Historical Examples
His mouse-coloured grosgrain suit was trimmed with a narrow edging of silver braid, his waistcoat buttons were filigree silver.
Sir Nigel Arthur Conan Doyle
Thirty years ago many stone draw plates were wanted, for then there was a great deal done in filigree gold jewelry.
The Silversmith's Handbook George E. Gee
She touched it, and her maid entered, and at a murmured aside retired, returning in a moment with a filigree card-case.
Despair's Last Journey David Christie Murray
This method is generally in vogue with most filigree workers.
The Silversmith's Handbook George E. Gee
British Dictionary definitions for filigree
Expand
delicate ornamental work of twisted gold, silver, or other wire
2.
made of or as if with filigree
verb -grees, -greeing, -greed
(transitive) to decorate with or as if with filigree
Derived Forms
C17: from earlier filigreen, from French filigrane, from Latin fīlum thread + grānumgrain
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for filigree
Expand
n.
1690s, shortening of filigreen (1660s), from French filigrane "filigree" (17c.), from Italian filigrana, from Latin filum "thread" (see file (v.)) + granum "grain" (see corn (n.1)). Related: Filigreed.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
What eight letter word is given to delicate and intricate ornamental work made from gold Silver or other fine, twisted wire ?
Answer:
Filigrane
Passage:
Rum Jungle, Northern Territory
Rum Jungle is an area in the Northern Territory, Australia where a uranium deposit was found and recognised as such in 1949. It is about 105 kilometres south of Darwin on the East Branch of the Finniss River. 

The area derives its name from an incident when a thief stole 750 ounces of gold from miners after getting them drunk with rum. 

Original uranium mine

In 1952 the Australian Government funded the setting up of a mine and treatment plant to provide uranium oxide concentrate to the UK-US Combined Development Agency under a contract which ran from 1953 to 1962. Rum Jungle was then the largest construction in the Northern Territory. The Government, through the Australian Atomic Energy Commission, was responsible for the mine, although management of it was on a contract basis by Territory Enterprises Pty Limited, a subsidiary of the Rio Tinto Group. A town called Batchelor was built 8 km south of the mine to accommodate the mining personnel.

Pollution and cleanup

The Rum Jungle mine closed in 1971. The Federal Government (which controlled the mine through its agency the Australian Atomic Energy Commission (AAEC), now known as Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation (ANSTO)) decided not to rehabilitate the mine site. The mining company Conzinc (now part of the Rio Tinto Group, which owns Energy Resources of Australia (ERA), operators of the Ranger Uranium Mine in Kakadu National Park) have consistently denied any responsibility for rehabilitation. This led to the mine becoming known as one of Australia's most polluted environments  due to the oxidation of sulphides and the release of acid and metals into the East Branch of the Finniss River. The 1500 mm annual rainfall, along with the pyritic mineralisation in the area, created ideal conditions for such oxidation.

An initial attempt to clean up Rum Jungle was made in 1977, which led to the setting up of a working group to examine more comprehensive rehabilitation. A $16.2 million Commonwealth-funded program got under way in 1983 to remove heavy metals and neutralise the tailings.

One of the principal problems associated with rehabilitating the Rum Jungle Creek South (RJCS) open cut was that the area was converted to a lake after mining ceased, and as the only water body in the Darwin region not infested with crocodiles, the site quickly became very popular with locals and Darwin residents as a recreation reserve including activities such as swimming, canoeing and scuba diving.     After mining, the area suffered elevated gamma radiation, alpha-radioactive dust, and significant radon daughter concentrations in air. These levels were so high that in the late 1980s it was decided that something had to be done. Radiation protection standards were being revised, so that the levels of pollution would now be officially recognised as unsafe for human health. As a result, a supplementary $1.8 million program to improve Rum Jungle Creek South waste dumps was undertaken in 1990.

One of the main environmental impacts of uranium mining is the creation of large volumes of radioactive mine waste (tailings) which are left behind on the site. The major radioactive component of these tailings is uranium-238, an isotope with a halflife of 4.46 billion years. In 2003, a government survey of the tailings piles at Rum Jungle found that capping which was supposed to help contain this radioactive waste for at least 100 years, had failed in less than 20 years.
 
The Territory and Federal Governments continue to argue over responsibility for funding rehabilitation on the polluted East Finniss River
 
Contamination of local groundwater has yet to be addressed.
 

Brown's Oxide Project

In December 2001, Compass Resources lodged a Referral under the EPBC Act with Environment Australia (which is now DEH). That document referred to the proposed development of a large-scale mining project, the Browns Polymetallic Project, that would produce lead, cobalt, copper, nickel and silver over a project life of at least 15 years. As indicated in the 2001 Referral, Compass considered that the Browns Polymetallic Project was a ‘nuclear action’ under the EPBC Act, on the basis that the project could be considered to include rehabilitating a facility or area in which mining or milling of uranium ore has previously been undertaken.[http://www.nt.gov.au/nreta/environment/assessment/register/brownsoxide/index.html Brown's Oxide - Natural Resources, Environment and the Arts]

Compass suspended its work on the polymetallic proposal in 2002 when low metal prices caused the withdrawal of Compass’s financial partner (Doe Run). 

In 2005, Compass lodged an application for a much smaller project focussing on cobalt, nickel and copper mining. Because this project, the Brown's Oxide Project is much smaller than the polymetallic project proposed previously, Compass is in a position to progress it on its own.

The Northern Territory Government has completed assessing this project and Ms Marion Scrymgour MLA, Minister for Natural Resources, Environment and Heritage in the Northern Territory Government has advised that she has concluded that the Browns Oxide Project as proposed in the Public Environmental Report and subsequent documents "can be managed without unacceptable environmental impacts"

The Hon. Kon Vatskalis MLA Minister for Mines and Energy announced this approval as "good news" during question time in the Northern Territory Parliament on 4 May 2006. To ensure the environment is managed properly, this approval and its recommendations is subject to final review by the Commonwealth Government under a bilateral agreement between the Northern Territory Government and the Commonwealth of Australia. 

Pending final Commonwealth approval, the project is set to be in production by early 2007.

While the project is located near the old Rum Jungle mine, the Browns Oxide Project is targeting copper cobalt and nickel—not uranium. Nonetheless, Compass acknowledges that at some future point it would be interested in mining uranium at the nearby Rum Jungle site (over which it holds a lease). Any proposal to mine uranium would require a totally new application and environmental assessment as a separate project.
Question:
Uranium deposit Rum Jungle is in which Australian state?
Answer:
Northern Territory
Passage:
The Ballad of Chevy Chase
There are two extant English ballads known as "The Ballad of Chevy Chase", both of which narrate the same story. As ballads existed within oral tradition before being written down, other versions of this once popular song also may have existed. Moreover, many ballads continued to use the Chevy Chase tune without necessarily referring to "The Ballad of Chevy Chase."

Synopsis

The ballads tell the story of a large hunting party upon a parcel of hunting land (or chase) in the Cheviot Hills, hence the term, Chevy Chase. The hunt is led by Percy, the English Earl of Northumberland. The Scottish Earl of Douglas had forbidden this hunt and interpreted it as an invasion of Scotland. In response he attacked, causing a bloody battle after which only 110 people survived. Both ballads were collected in Thomas Percy's Reliques and the first of the ballads in Francis James Child's Child Ballads.

Historical basis

Scholar Francis J. Child as well as Thomas Percy noted similarities between this ballad and the older The Battle of Otterburn (ballad), which refers to the historical Battle of Otterburn in 1388. although neither set of lyrics are completely historically accurate and may relate to border skirmishes up to fifty years later. Versions of either ballad often contain parallel biographical and historical information; nonetheless, the differences led Child to believe that they did not originally refer to the same occurrence. 

Simpson suggests that the music of Chevy Chase was identical to the tune of Flying Flame,in which the former superseded the latter by the beginning of the seventeenth century. 

Versions of "The Ballad of Chevy Chase" exist in several ballad collections like: the Roxburghe Ballads, the Pepys Library, the Huntington Library Miscellaneous, the Glasgow University Library, and the Crawford Collection at the National Library of Scotland. The ballads in these collections were printed with variations between 1623 and 1760.  Online facsimiles of the ballad are also available for public consumption at sites like the English Broadside Ballad Archive.

First ballad

The first of the two ballads of Chevy Chase perhaps was written as early as the 1430s, but the earliest record we have of it is in The Complaynt of Scotland, one of the first printed books from Scotland. The Complaynt of Scotland was printed at approximately 1540, and in it the ballad is called The Hunting of Cheviot. In the seventeenth century, the tune was licensed in 1624 and again in 1675. 

Sir Philip Sidney said of this early ballad:

"I never Heard the old song of Percie and Douglas, that I found not my heart moved more than with a trumpet" — Defence of Poesy.

Second ballad

In 1711 Joseph Addison wrote in The Spectator,

The old song of "Chevy-Chase" is the favourite ballad of the common people of England, and Ben Jonson used to say he had rather have been the author of it than of all his works. Sir Philip Sidney, in his discourse of Poetry, speaks of it in the following words: "I never heard the old song of Percy and Douglas that I found not my heart more moved than with a trumpet; and yet it is sung by some blind crowder with no rougher voice than rude style, which being so evil apparelled in the dust and cobweb of that uncivil age, what would it work trimmed in the gorgeous eloquence of Pindar?" For my own part, I am so professed an admirer of this antiquated song, that I shall give my reader a critique upon it without any further apology for so doing.The Works of Joseph Addison: Complete in Three Volumes: Embracing the Whole of the "Spectator," &c, Harper & Brothers, 1837, p.117

Apparently Addison was unaware that the ballad he then goes on to analyse in detail, was not the same work praised by Sidney and Jonson. The second of the ballads appears to have been written in modernized English shortly after Sidney's comments, perhaps around 1620, and to have become the better-known version.

Other literary references

In Sir Walter Scott's Rob Roy (1817), the main character, Frank, upon seeing the trophies on the walls of Osbaldistone hall, imagines them being from the Chevy chase.

In Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights (1847), before their relationship blossoms, Catherine Heathcliff (née Catherine Linton) scorns Hareton Earnshaw's primitive attempts at reading, saying, “I wish you would repeat Chevy Chase as you did yesterday; it was extremely funny!” 

In Elizabeth Gaskell's North and South (1855), on hearing the conversation between Mr. Thornton and her father, Margaret Hale wonders, “How in the world had they got from cog-wheels to Chevy Chase?” 

In F. Anstey's Vice Versa (1882), the boys at Dr Grimstone's boarding school are required to play a game called "chevy" (a version of "prisoners' base" or "darebase"), "so called from the engagement famed in ballad and history".
Question:
"The traditional song ""The Ballad of Chevy Chase"" is believed to describe which battle?"
Answer:
Otterburn (disambiguation)
Passage:
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The ...
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The Importance Of African Culture
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The Importance Of African Culture
Details
 Comment 
[Eds. note: I originally wrote about Kwanzaa when I was the Managing Editor of City Beat Long Beach and a version of this piece originally appeared in the December 2011 issue of that magazine. Since City Beat is no more and their website has been taken down as well (and Dr. Karenga has yet to return our calls), I received permission to re-run this relevant piece on this important holiday that has some epic roots in our own backyard.]
Though its history is much younger than the other holidays celebrated during this time of year, Kwanzaa is by no means less significant. Created in 1966 by Dr. Maulana Karenga as a way for African-Americans to honor their shared heritage and culture, the seven-day celebration—which begins today, December 26, and goes until January 1—has become an important holiday for those with black heritage worldwide.
Starting today with a parade down Crenshaw Blvd., the 36th annual Kwanzaa Gwaride Parade and Festival will be the largest Kwanzaa kickoff celebration in Southern California. With this year's festival theme being "Freedom from Obesity,'' the parade's Iyaba (queen) and Oba (king) are both medical practitioners. The Kwanzaa Heritage Festival will also be held in Leimert Park on December 29 and will include live music, traditional dancing, a drum circle and international marketplace. 
In his 2012 founders statement , Dr. Karenga Kwanzaa discusses his theme for this year's Kwanzaa, "Us and the Well-being of the World: A Courageous Questioning."
"At the center of this concern and care must be a constant and courageous questioning first about how we understand and assert ourselves in the world and what this means," Dr. Karenga wrote. "Thus, the Day of Meditation during Kwanzaa which is the culminating point and place of our remembrance, reflection and recommitment calls on us to sit down, think deeply about ourselves in the world, and measure ourselves in the mirror of the best of our culture to determine where we stand."
The word Kwanzaa comes from the Swahili phrase matunda ya kwanza which translates roughly to “first fruit”), and the holiday’s template is loosely based on traditional pan-African harvest festivals. But that is where any precedent stops. As an internationally celebrated, non-religious, non-heroic, non-political African-American holiday, Kwanzaa is a unique experience that encourages unity among those of African descent and attempts to preserve common African culture.
Dr. Karenga—a leading theorist during the ’60s Black Power Movement who is now the chair of Cal State Long Beach's Department of Africana Studies—organized Kwanzaa around a set of communitarian African values, called the Nguzo Saba. These seven principles include Umoja (unity), Kujicahgulia (self-determination), Ujima (collective work and responsibility), Ujama (cooperative economics), Nia (purpose), Kuumba (creativity) and Imani (faith). Each day of Kwanzaa focuses on one of these driving principles and is expressed through the lighting of colored candles, dancing, reciting poetry and the giving of appropriate gifts.
In addition to the daily celebrations, Kwanzaa calls for a central place in the home to be dedicated to the construction of a Kwanzaa Set—a display of the holiday’s symbolic objects. Central to this is the kinara, a candleholder that carries the seven candles—three red, three green and one black—as well as a Unity Cup, the filling and sharing of which is a central Kwanzaa ritual. Ears of corn are placed on the Kwanzaa Set's staw mat, each representing a child in the family. African foods such as millet, spiced pepper balls and rice are often served, though some people fast during the holiday and a feast is often held on its final night.
While Kwanzaa was originally directed at a small group of activists, it gained popularity as interest in multiculturalism expanded in the late 1980s and has since coexisted alongside Christmas and Hanukkah celebrations for both black and white families nationwide. Though estimates of the number of people who celebrate the holiday worldwide vary—from 250,000 to 40 million—Los Angeles is seen as the cultural epicenter and birthplace of the holiday and has multiple Kwanzaa celebrations, several of which have in the past taken place in Long Beach including one at the Long Beach Senior Center and another annually organized by Village Treasures , an African art store in the historic Lafayette building.
Question:
What holiday, created by a future Cal State Long Beach professor in 1966, is celebrated the day after Christmas for 7 days?
Answer:
Kwanzaa
Passage:
June is bustin' out all over - R&H's Carousel 1956 - YouTube
June is bustin' out all over - R&H's Carousel 1956 - YouTube
June is bustin' out all over - R&H's Carousel 1956
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on Feb 23, 2009
"June" Super Dance Sequence (full version)
ロジャース＆ハマースタイン ミュージカル『回転木馬』より、「６月は一斉に花開く」。
「ジューン」ダンスシークエンス。
(from 20th Century Fox DVD Carousel)
Category
Question:
June is Busting Out All Over comes from which musical
Answer:
Carousels
Passage:
Rutshire Chronicles
The Rutshire Chronicles is the name given to a series of romantic novels by Jilly Cooper. The stories tell tales of mainly British upper-class families, as well as the show-jumping and polo crowd, in numerous different sexually charged scenarios, often laced with adultery, illegitimate children, scandal, and sometimes, even death. They are linked by several recurring characters, chiefly Rupert Campbell-Black, and are set in the fictional English county of Rutshire, not to be confused with the real English county of Rutland. 

Some of these characters, namely Rupert Campbell-Black and numerous characters associated with him, also occur in Cooper's novel Pandora, although it is not part of the series. The Campbell-Blacks, Lloyd-Foxes, France-Lynches and other families from the Rutshire Chronicles also appear in Wicked! The tales are set in chronological order; however, they are perfectly readable as 'stand-alone' novels.

The Rutshire Chronicles

# Riders (1986)
# Rivals (1988; also known as Players)
# Polo (1991)
# The Man Who Made Husbands Jealous (1993)
# Appassionata (1996)
# Score! (1999)
# Pandora (2002)
# Wicked! (2006)
# Jump! (2010)

Main/Recurring Characters

*Rupert Campbell-Black
*Agatha 'Taggie' Campbell-Black, née O'Hara
*Marcus and Tabitha Campbell-Black
*Basil Baddingham
*Billy Lloyd-Foxe
*Janie Lloyd-Foxe
*Declan O'Hara
*Ricky France-Lynch
*Cameron Cook
*Lysander Hawkley
*Flora Seymour
*Roberto Rannaldini
*Dame Hermione Harefield
*Cosmo Rannaldini
*Anthea Belvedon
*Dora Belvedon
Question:
The Rutshire Chronicles is a series of romantic novels by which author?
Answer:
Octavia (TV serial)
Passage:
Denis Papin
Denis Papin (22 August 1647 – c. 1712) was a French physicist, mathematician and inventor, best known for his pioneering invention of the steam digester, the forerunner of the pressure cooker, and of the steam engine.

Life in France

Born in Chitenay (Loir-et-Cher, Centre Région), Papin attended a Jesuit school there, and from 1661 attended University at Angers, from which he graduated with a medical degree in 1669.  In 1673, while working with Christiaan Huygens and Gottfried Leibniz in Paris, he became interested in using a vacuum to generate motive power.

First visit to London

Papin first visited London in 1675, and worked with Robert Boyle from 1676 to 1679, publishing an account of his work in Continuation of New Experiments (1680).  During this period, Papin invented the steam digester, a type of pressure cooker with a safety valve.  He first addressed the Royal Society in 1679 on the subject of his digester, and remained mostly in London until about 1687, when he left to take up an academic post in Germany.

Germany

As a Huguenot, Papin found himself greatly affected by the increasing restrictions placed on Protestants by Louis XIV of France and by the King's ultimate revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. In Germany he was able to live with fellow Huguenot exiles from France.

In 1689, Papin suggested that a force pump or bellows could maintain the pressure and fresh air inside a diving bell. (Engineer John Smeaton utilised this design in 1789.)

While in Marburg in 1690, having observed the mechanical power of atmospheric pressure on his 'digester', Papin built a model of a piston steam engine, the first of its kind.

Papin continued to work on steam engines for the next fifteen years. In 1695 he moved from Marburg to Kassel. In 1705 he developed a second steam engine with the help of Gottfried Leibniz, based on an invention by Thomas Savery, but this used steam pressure rather than atmospheric pressure.  Details of the engine were published in 1707.

During his stay in Kassel in Hesse, in 1704, he constructed a ship powered by his steam engine, mechanically linked to paddles. This made him the first to construct a steam-powered boat (or vehicle of any kind). Later, at the iron foundry in Veckerhagen (now Reinhardshagen), he cast the world's first steam cylinder.

Return to London

Papin returned to London in 1707, leaving his wife in Germany.  Several of his papers were put before the Royal Society between 1707 and 1712 without acknowledging or paying him, about which he complained bitterly. Papin's ideas included a description of his 1690 atmospheric steam engine, similar to that built and put into use by Thomas Newcomen in 1712, thought to be the year of Papin's death.

The last surviving evidence of Papin's whereabouts came in a letter he wrote dated 23 January 1712. At the time he was destitute, and it is believed he died that year and was buried in an unmarked pauper's pit.

A record exists for the burial of a “Denys Papin” in an 18th century Register of Marriages & Burials  which originally came from St Bride's Church, Fleet Street, London, but which is now stored in the London Metropolitan Archives. The record states that Denys Papin was buried at St Bride's on the 26th of August 1713 – just a few days after his 66th birthday - and that he was laid to rest in the Lower Ground, one of the two burial areas belonging to the church at the time.
Question:
Edward Somerset, Denis Papin, Thomas Newcomen and James Watt are known for work in relation to what?
Answer:
Steam power
Passage:
Mad About Hatter
Mad About Hatter
Mad Art!
I am a Deviantart member and after viewing the amazing work of my fellow artists I have decided there must be a few tribute posts. It's only fair!
No copyright infringement intended I just want to get their names and art out there for all to see!
 Fayrenpickpocket says in their description...
"My... special take on Alice in Wonderland's Mad Hatter. <3
An  overdone subject, I'm sure, but I dont care. ;D My tablemates and I  wanted to do a series of loli-goth Alice and  Wonderland prints... and  it sounded like fun. <3
I tried to put a unique spin on it,  anyway. Did you know that the phrase "Mad as a Hatter" came from the  overexposure to mercury used to make top hats? I had no idea. I learned  this while doing some research before drawing. The exposure over the  years eventually gave them Mercury Poisoning, and while the Mad Hatter  in the book did NOT have the illness, I thought it might be interesting  to portray a Mad Hatter that was more timid and suffered from anxiety.
I've  also been inspired to pay more attention to fabrics and cloth... so  this was a fashion experiment. ;D I usually skimp on the clothes because  I enjoy painting skin so much more. .___. "
Mad as a Hatter by ~ fwosh
 Awesome use of color here and I love the style! This is what fwosh had to say...
"I was suddenly inspired to draw my own odd version of the mad hatter from Alice in Wonderland XDD
..he's such a spectacularly weirrddd character :'D
<3333
mmm.. This time I decided to keep it sketchy and messy to experiment with colors X3
in the end though.. i'm not too fond of the background.. its a bit dull and retarded overall orzorz
his clothes are rather bright though~ :'DD
hahaha I also got a bit lazy and ended up coloring on one layer and taking out a lot of detail I had prepared for the table XD!
yeah look. its just a puny and crappy little saucer now. XDDDD
talk about FAIL. > w <;"
An awesome idea for a T-shirt design!
Tsumekuro used ink for this artwork. To see more click here .
I LOVE this! I like the details used.
Einlee wrote the following in her despription...
"now before you start thinking alice, this character actually wasn't  inspired by the mad hatter (yeah, right)--but really i was thinking more  of a lonely, crazy, sexually ambiguous character living alone in a  giant mansion, with pet rats and weird hobbies. kind of like dracula,  minus a few of the aforementioned things. (now im just rambling nonsense
)"
No you're not talking nonsense. Click here for a link to Einlee's official website.
That will do for now but there will certainly be more at a later stage for your view pleasure!
Reactions: 
The 10/6 Mystery
.
Some people may not know the meaning of the tag on the famous Hatter hat. What on earth could 10/6 mean?
Until recently I know I didn't!
I've since discovered that the meaning of the cryptic tag was actually just a price.
10 shillings and 6 pence in British currency before it became decimalised. In Carols time a pound was 20 shillings and shillings were twelve pennies or pence.
The pound was represented, as it still  is, by a £ sign, the shilling by a 's' and the penny by a 'd'.
The d used to represent a penny was short for 'denarius'. Originally the name for a Roman silver coin it was also the other name the British silver coin was known by.
The next question is why was the tag on the hat he was wearing?
Hatters used to market their produce by wearing it. People often could pick a hatter by noting their bizarre behaviour. This was often confirmed by seeing the tag. If the hat was any good and fairly priced the hatter had a chance of getting a new customer.
So there you have it. The reason for the tag was to indicate further the Hatters occupation.
Here I had been thinking that it was just another little eccentricity.
.
Question:
In shillings and pence, how much did the Mad Hatter pay for his hat?
Answer:
10 shillings and 6 pence
Passage:
Wilnelia Merced
Wilnelia, Lady Forsyth-Johnson (née Merced; born October 12, 1957 in Caguas, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actress, model and beauty queen who became in 1975 the first and to date only Puerto Rican to win the Miss World title.
 
She travelled widely during her reigning year and was invited to pre-civil war El Salvador by that country's government. She fell in love with England, which she would later make her home. Winning at 18 years and 39 days she is currently the youngest woman to win Miss World.

After passing on her crown, in 1976, she was signed by Ford Models in New York. In 1978 a giant poster of her was displayed in Times Square, and she was introduced, in London at the 1980 Miss World competition gala to English television entertainer Bruce Forsyth. Merced and Forsyth married in 1983. While still a public figure at home in Puerto Rico she retired as a model after her wedding. They had a son in 1986. She has a foundation to help Puerto Rico's under-privileged children, for which she organizes charity balls.

Merced lives with her husband and their son, Jonathan Joseph, on the Wentworth Estate in Surrey, England. In 2002, during one of her visits to Puerto Rico, her home was broken into by thieves, who injured one of her maids.

She was guest judge in the final Miss World 1980, Miss World 1983, Miss World 1990, Miss World 1999 in the United Kingdom, Miss World 2005 in China PR, Miss World 2006 in Poland and Miss World 2008 in South Africa.
Question:
Which entertainer is married to 1975 'Miss World' Wilnelia Merced?
Answer:
Bruce Joseph Forsyth-Johnson
Passage:
WebMuseum: Caravaggio , Michelangelo Merisi da
WebMuseum: Caravaggio, Michelangelo Merisi da
Caravaggio, Michelangelo Merisi da
Caravaggio (1573-1610). Probably the most revolutionary artist of his time, the Italian painter Caravaggio abandoned the rules that had guided a century of artists before him. They had idealized the human and religious experience.
He was born Michelangelo Merisi on Sept. 28, 1573, in Caravaggio, Italy. As an adult he would become known by the name of his birthplace. Orphaned at age 11, he was apprenticed to the painter Simone Peterzano of Milan for four years. At some time between 1588 and 1592, Caravaggio went to Rome and worked as an assistant to painters of lesser skill. About 1595 he began to sell his paintings through a dealer. The dealer brought Caravaggio to the attention of Cardinal Francesco del Monte.
Through the cardinal, Caravaggio was commissioned, at age 24, to paint for the church of San Luigi dei Francesi. In its Contarelli Chapel Caravaggio's realistic naturalism first fully appeared in three scenes he created of the life of St. Matthew. The works caused public outcry, however, because of their realistic and dramatic nature.
The Calling of Saint Matthew
The Inspiration of Saint Matthew
1602; Oil on canvas, 9' 8 1/2" x 6' 2 1/2"; Contarelli Chapel, Church of San Luigi dei Francesi, Rome
Despite violent criticism, his reputation increased and Caravaggio began to be envied. He had many encounters with the law during his stay in Rome. He was imprisoned for several assaults and for killing an opponent after a disputed score in a game of court tennis. Caravaggio fled the city and kept moving between hiding places. He reached Naples, probably early in 1607, and painted there for a time, awaiting a pardon by the pope. Here there was a  in his painting style. The dark and urgent nature of his paintings at this time must have reflected Caravaggio's desperate state of mind.
Early in 1608 Caravaggio went to Malta and was received as a celebrated artist. Fearful of pursuit, he continued to flee for two more years, but his paintings of this time were among the greatest of his career. After receiving a pardon from the pope, he was wrongfully arrested and imprisoned for two days. A boat that was to take him to Rome left without him, taking his belongings. Misfortune, exhaustion, and illness overtook him as he helplessly watched the boat depart. He collapsed on the beach and died a few days later on July 18, 1610.
David and Goliath
undated; Oil on canvas; Prado, Madrid
Medusa
after 1590; Oil on canvas mounted on wood; Uffizi
The Fortune Teller
c. 1597; Oil on canvas, 37 3/8 x 33 1/2 in; Uffizi, Florence
Judith Beheading Holofernes
c. 1598; Oil on canvas, 56 3/4 x 76 3/4 in; Galleria Nazionale dell'Arte Antica, Rome
The Sacrifice of Isaac
1590-1610; Oil on canvas; Uffizi
Supper at Emmaus
c. 1600-01; Oil on canvas, 54 3/4 x 76 3/4 in; National Gallery, London
The Crucifixion of Saint Peter
1600-01; Oil on canvas, 90 1/2 x 70 in; Cerasi Chapel, Santa Maria del Popola, Rome
The Incredulity of Saint Thomas
1601-02; Oil on canvas, 42 1/8 x 57 1/2 in; Neues Palais, Potsdam
The Deposition
1604; Pinacoteca Vaticana in Rome
The Death of the Virgin
1605-06; Oil on canvas; Louvre
ï¿½ 19 Sep 2002, Nicolas Pioch - Top - Up - Info
Thanks to the BMW Foundation, the WebMuseum mirrors , partners and contributors for their support.
Question:
By what name was the artist Michaelangelo Merisi better known?
Answer:
Morigi, Michaelangelo (Caravaggio)
Passage:
Farmers' Almanac
Not to be confused with the Old Farmer's Almanac. See American almanacs for historical publications with similar titles. 

Farmers' Almanac is an annual North American periodical that has been in continuous publication since 1818. Published by Geiger of Lewiston, Maine, it is famous for its long-range weather predictions and astronomical data, along with a blend of humor, trivia, and advice on gardening, cooking, fishing, and human interest. Conservation, sustainable living, and simple living are core values of the publication and its editors, and these themes are heavily promoted in every edition.

In addition to the popular U.S. version, the Almanac Publishing Company also publishes the Canadian Farmers' Almanac and a promotional version that businesses can personalize and distribute to customers. The total annual distribution of all Farmers' Almanac editions is more than 4 million copies.

History

The Farmers' Almanac was founded in Morristown, New Jersey, in 1818 by editor David Young and publisher Jacob Mann; this was, coincidentally, two years following the "year without a summer" which was an ecological disaster for farmers in northeastern America.

Astronomer Samuel Hart Wright succeeded Young in 1851, and is in turn succeeded by his son, Berlin Hart Wright, in 1875.

Ray Geiger served as the Farmers' Almanac's longest-running editor, from 1934 until shortly before his death in 1994. 
From 1949, the Farmers' Almanac's  is published by Almanac Publishing Company and distributed by Geiger Bros. 
In 1955, Geiger moved production of the Farmers' Almanac from Newark, New Jersey, to its current headquarters in Lewiston, Maine.

Ray Geiger was succeeded by his son, Peter Geiger, in 1994. The farmersalmanac.com website was launched in 1997.
The  Almanac Publishing Company partnered with Buy the Farm LLC, based in Savannah, Georgia for the purposes of publishing in video, television and new media, establishing "Farmer's Almanac TV" by 2006.

Weather prediction

Predictions for each edition are made as far as two years in advance. The U.S. retail edition of the Farmers' Almanac weather predictions for seven U.S. climatic zones, defined by the publishers, in the continental United State. Predictions cover 16 months, from the previous September (when the almanac for the new year is released) through December of the publication year.

The Farmers' Almanac will only state publicly that their method is a "top secret mathematical and astronomical formula, that relies on sunspot activity, tidal action, planetary position and many other factors." The Almanac's forecaster is referred to by the pseudonym Caleb Weatherbee.  According to the publishers, the true identity of the forecaster is kept secret to prevent him or her from being "badgered". 

Publishers point to "many longtime Almanac followers claim that our forecasts are 80% to 85% accurate" on their website.  Professional meteorologists refute this pointing to historical results of below 50 percent accuracy rate. "The ability to predict events that far in advance is zero," according to Penn State meteorologist Paul Knight     Past American Meteorological Society president Dr. J. Marshall Shepherd has criticized the use of that space weather and sunspots as a weather forecasting tool noting this is "not common meteorological practice ."

Notable articles

Most editions of the Farmer's Almanac include a "human crusade," advocating for a change in some accepted social practice or custom. Previous crusades have included: "How Much Daylight Are We Really Saving," a recommendation for a revised Daylight Saving Time schedule (2007); "Why is Good Service So Hard to Schedule," recommending that service providers offer more specific timeframes when scheduling home visits (2006); "A Kinder, Gentler Nation," urging readers to exercise more common courtesy (2003); "Saturday: The Trick to Making Halloween a Real Treat," advocating that the observance of Halloween be moved to the last Saturday in October (1999); "A Cure for Doctors' Office Delays," demanding more prompt medical service and calling for a "Patients' Bill of Rights" (1996); and "Pennies Make No Sense," which sought to eliminate the penny, and to permanently replace the dollar bill with less costly-to-produce dollar coins (1989). 

Other pieces that have attracted attention over the years include:

* Farmers' Almanacs 2010 list of the "5 Worst Weather Cities"  which elicited a call for retraction from syracuse.com  after naming the Central New York city as the worst winter weather city.
* The 2014 Winter Outlook   which called for a winter storm to hit just about the time Super Bowl XLVIII is to be played at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. 
* The 2001 campaign to name an official National Dessert (readers resoundingly responded in favor of traditional apple pie).

Farmers' Almanac TV

In 2003, the Farmers' Almanac partnered with Buy the Farm LLC a Savannah, Georgia-based production company, to create Farmers' Almanac TV. The show – which featured segments in over a dozen lifestyle categories, including home and garden, sustainable living, cooking, natural cures, and weather – debuted on public television in the spring of 2006, bringing to life stories of grassroots living in both rural and urban America.

Farmers Almanac TV filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in May 2009, in Chatham County, Georgia.

Popular culture

The Farmers' Almanac has also been referenced in numerous television shows and movies, including: The Office, MASH, Twin Peaks, The Dukes of Hazzard, Wings, Cold Case, The Last Starfighter, and Father of the Bride.  Popular culture does not always distinguish between the Farmers' Almanac and the older Old Farmer's Almanac, so it is not always clear to which publication a particular reference to meant to allude.

The Farmer's Almanac was used in Young Mr. Lincoln, a movie about the future president starring Henry Fonda.  Lincoln referenced the Almanac as a young lawyer in a court case that helped to acquit his client.

Country singer Randy Travis has a song titled, "The Family Bible and The Farmer's Almanac" on his CD "A Man Ain't Made of Stone." The song is about his farmer grandfather and what a wise man he was, yet the only two books he owned were the ones told in the title. He got all the life advice he needed from those two books.
Question:
A ‘Flower Moon’ is the traditional name for the first full moon of which month of the year?
Answer:
㋄
Passage:
Reach Out I'll Be There
"Reach Out I'll Be There" (also formatted as "Reach Out (I'll Be There)") is a 1966 song recorded by the Four Tops for the Motown label. Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland,  the song is one of the most well-known Motown tunes of the 1960s and is today considered The Tops' signature song. It was the number one song on the Rhythm & Blues charts for two weeks,  and on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, from October 15–22, 1966. It replaced "Cherish" by The Association, and was itself replaced by "96 Tears" by Question Mark & the Mysterians. Billboard ranked the record as the no. 4 song for 1966.

Rolling Stone later ranked this version #206 on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". This version is also currently ranked as the 56th best song of all time, as well as the #4 song of 1966, in an aggregation of critics' lists at Acclaimed Music.  

The track also reached no. 1 in the UK Singles Chart, becoming Motown's second UK chart-topper after The Supremes hit no. 1 with "Baby Love" in late 1964.  It had replaced Jim Reeves' "Distant Drums" at number one in October 1966 and stayed there for three weeks before being replaced by The Beach Boys' "Good Vibrations" in November. 

Style

Lead singer Levi Stubbs delivers many of the lines in the song in a tone that straddles the line between singing and shouting, as he did in 1965's "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie Honey Bunch)". AllMusic critic Ed Hogan praises Stubb's vocal, as well as the song's "rock-solid groove" and "dramatic, semi-operatic tension and release."  Critic Martin Charles Strong calls the song "a soul symphony of epic proportions that remains [the Four Tops'] signature tune." 

In 2014, interviewed by The Guardian, Four Tops singer Duke Fakir said:

Personnel

* Lead vocals by Levi Stubbs
* Background vocals by Abdul "Duke" Fakir, Renaldo "Obie" Benson, Lawrence Payton, and The Andantes: Jackie Hicks, Marlene Barrow, and Louvain Demps
* Instrumentation by the Funk Brothers
* Written by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, and Edward Holland, Jr.
* Produced by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier

Charts

Weekly charts

1Remix

2Michael Bolton with the Four Tops

Year-end charts
Question:
Which group had a No. 1 hit in 1966 with 'Reach Out I'll Be There'?
Answer:
Roquel Payton
Passage:
Mama Told Me Not to Come
"Mama Told Me (Not to Come)" is a song by American singer-songwriter Randy Newman written for Eric Burdon's first solo album in 1966. Three Dog Night's 1970 cover of the song topped the U.S. pop singles charts. Tom Jones and the Stereophonics's cover version also hit number four on the U.K. Singles Chart in 2000.

Newman original and first recordings

Newman says that the song was inspired by his own lighthearted reflection on the Los Angeles music scene of the late 1960s. As with most Newman songs, he assumes a character - in "Mama..."  the narrator is a sheltered and extraordinarily straight-laced young man, who recounts what is presumably his first "wild" party in the big city, is shocked and appalled by cigarette-smoking, whiskey-drinking, and loud music and — in the chorus of the song — recalls his "mama told [him] not to come."

The first recording of "Mama Told Me Not to Come" was cut by Eric Burdon & The Animals. A scheduled single-release of September 1966 was withdrawn,  but the song was eventually included on their 1967 album Eric Is Here.

Newman's own version of his song was released on the 1970 album 12 Songs, and was characterized by Newman's midtempo, rollicking piano accompaniment, as well as Ry Cooder's understated slide guitar part, both of which give the song the feel of a bluesy Ray Charles-style rhythm and blues number.

Three Dog Night version

Also in 1970, Three Dog Night released a longer, rock 'n roll and funk-inspired version (titled "Mama Told Me (Not to Come)") on It Ain't Easy.

Three Dog Night's version had the same 3/4 by 2/4 time change as Eric Burdon's version and featured Cory Wells singing lead in an almost humorous vocal-style,  Jimmy Greenspoon playing a Wurlitzer electric piano, and Michael Allsup playing guitar.

According to Casey Kasem on the American Top 40 Special Show, dated October 5, 1974: "Top 10 Producers Of the 70s," producer Richard Podolor wanted to "take advantage of the current technology" available at the time and recorded each word of just the line, 'Mama told me not to come' in the chorus separately. In that particular AT40 episode, the 10 biggest producers in pop music were profiled and 3 to 5 songs of each producer were played. 

Charts and certifications

Billboard ranked the record as the No. 11 song of 1970.  The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on July 14, 1970, the same day that It Ain't Easy was certified gold.

This was the very first #1 song played on the July 4, 1970 broadcast of American Top 40 with Casey Kasem.

Tom Jones and Stereophonics version

The recording of the song by Tom Jones and the Stereophonics' reached number four on the U.K. Singles Chart in 2000. This version was produced by Steve Bush and Marshall Bird (AKA "Bird & Bush"). Singer Kelly Jones shared in the vocals with Jones, with the song featuring a somewhat livelier, punchier sound than the Three Dog Night version. The video featured an appearance by Welsh actor Rhys Ifans. 

Other versions

P. J. Proby recorded one of the earliest versions of the song in 1967,  followed by Three Dog Night's 1970 hit.  It has also been recorded by a diverse range of artists, including Wilson Pickett, Lou Rawls, The Wolfgang Press, Yo La Tengo, The Slackers, and Paul Frees (as W.C. Fields) accompanied by The Animals. Lazlo Bane. Jazz singer Roseanna Vitro included it in her 2011 collection The Music of Randy Newman. A 1970 cover by The Jackson 5 was released on Come and Get It: The Rare Pearls.

Tea Leaf Green  and Widespread Panic  have performed this song live. In 1971, the comic singer Patrick Topaloff released a French version named Maman, viens me chercher.

Soundtrack appearances

Three Dog Night's version would later appear in Terry Gilliam's 1998 movie adaptation of Hunter S. Thompson's 1972 gonzo novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Due to the song's upbeat, paranoid mood, it was used for the scene of obsessively drug-using protagonists Raoul Duke and Dr. Gonzo escaping a "District Attorneys convention on narcotics and dangerous drugs". It also appears as the last song in the movie's G-rated trailer, mainly accompanying Duke's wild car ride to have Dr. Gonzo catch a plane in time, a scene where in the R-rated trailer and in the actual film, Viva Las Vegas by Dead Kennedys was used instead.

The Three Dog Night version was also used in the 1997 films GI Jane (played over a montage of scenes showing Jordan O'Neill (Demi Moore) conditioning herself for the extreme physical demands of SEAL training) and Boogie Nights.

Also used in the movie The Sweetest Thing (2002), when Cameron Diaz is walking up the street.
Question:
Who wrote the song Momma Told Me Not To Come?
Answer:
Randy Numan
Passage:
Recto and verso
The terms recto and verso refer to the text written on the "front" and "back" sides of a leaf of paper in a bound item such as a codex, book, broadsheet, or pamphlet. 
The terms are shortened from Latin rectō foliō and versō foliō, translating to  "on the right side of the page" and "on the turned side of the page", respectively.
The page faces themselves are called folium rectum and folium versum in Latin, and the ablative recto, verso already imply that the text on the page (and not the physical page itself) are referred to. 

In codicology, each physical sheet (folium, abbreviated fol. or f.) of a manuscript is numbered and the sides are referred to as rectum and folium versum, abbreviated as r and v respectively.
Editions of manuscripts will thus mark the position of text in the original manuscript in the form  fol. 1r, sometimes with the r and v in superscript, as in 1r, or with a superscript o indicating the ablative recto, verso, as in 1ro.
e.g.
Roberts, Longinus on the Sublime: The Greek Text Edited After the Paris Manuscript (2011),  [https://books.google.ch/books?idU-JBqP0i2hcC&pg
PA170#vonepage&q&f
false 170];
Wijngaards, The Ordained Women Deacons of the Church's First Millennium (2012), [https://books.google.ch/books?idqHKGVQbVEmIC&pg
PA232#vonepage&q&f
false 232];
etc.

Tylus, Manuscrits français de la collection berlinoise disponibles à la Bibliothèque Jagellonne de Cracovie (XVIe-XIXe siècles) (2010)[https://books.google.ch/books?idv4TaJu_ErioC&pg
PA274#vonepage&q&f
false]

This terminology has been standard since the beginnings of modern codicology in the 17th century.

Lyons (2011) argues that the term rectum "right, correct, proper" for the front side of the page derives from the use of papyrus in Late Antiquity, as a different grain ran across each side, and only one side was suitable to be written on, so that usually, papyrus would carry writing only on the "correct", smooth side (and only in the most exceptional of cases would there be writing on the "turned" side of the page). 

The use of the terms 'recto' and 'verso' are also used in the codicology of manuscripts written in right-to-left scripts, like Syriac, Arabic and Hebrew. However, as these scripts are written in the other direction to the scripts witnessed in European codices, the recto page is to the left while the verso is to the right. The reading order of each folio remains 'first recto, then verso' regardless of writing direction.

The terms are carried over into printing; recto-verso  is the norm for printed books but was an important advantage of the printing-press over the much older Asian woodblock printing method, which printed by rubbing from behind the page being printed, and so could only print on one side of a piece of paper. The distinction between recto and verso can be convenient in the annotation of scholarly books, particularly in bilingual edition translations.

The "recto" and "verso" terms can also be employed for the front and back of a one-sheet artwork, particularly in drawing.  A recto-verso drawing is a sheet with drawings on both sides, for example in a sketchbook—although usually in these cases there is no obvious primary side.  Some works are planned to exploit being on two sides of the same piece of paper, but usually the works are not intended to be considered together.  Paper was relatively expensive in the past; indeed good drawing paper still is much more expensive than normal paper.

By book publishing convention, the first page of a book, and sometimes of each section and chapter of a book, is a recto page,  and hence all recto pages will have odd numbers and all verso pages will have even numbers.  

In some early printed books (e.g. João de Barros's Décadas da Ásia), it is the folia ("leaves") rather than the pages, that are numbered. Thus each folium carries a consecutive number on its recto side, while on the verso side there is no number.
Question:
If verso is the left side page of a book, what name is given to the right?
Answer:
Verso and recto
Passage:
Brassica oleracea
Brassica oleracea is the species of plant that includes many common foods as cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, kale, Brussels sprouts, collard greens, savoy, kohlrabi and kai-lan.

In its uncultivated form, it is known as wild cabbage. It is native to coastal southern and western Europe. Its high tolerance of salt and lime and its intolerance of competition from other plants typically restrict its natural occurrence to limestone sea cliffs, like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel,  and the windswept coast on the western side of the Isle of Wight.

Wild B. oleracea is a tall biennial plant, forming a stout rosette of large leaves in the first year, the leaves being fleshier and thicker than those of other species of Brassica, adaptations to store water and nutrients in its difficult growing environment. In its second year, the stored nutrients are used to produce a flower spike 1 to(-) tall bearing numerous yellow flowers.

Cultivation and uses 

B. oleracea has become established as an important human food crop plant, used because of its large food reserves, which are stored over the winter in its leaves. It is rich in essential nutrients including vitamin C.  A diet rich in cruciferous vegetables (e.g., cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower) is linked to a reduced risk of several human cancers.Verhoeven DT, Goldbohm RA, van Poppel G, Verhagen H, van den Brandt PA (1996)Epidemiological studies on brassica vegetables and cancer risk.Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev5(9):733–748. Higdon JV, Delage B, Williams DE, Dashwood RH (2007) Cruciferous vegetables and human cancer risk: Epidemiologic evidence and mechanistic basis. Pharmacol Res 55(3):224–236.

Although it is believed to have been cultivated for several thousand years, its history as a domesticated plant is not clear before Greek and Roman times, when it was a well-established garden vegetable. Theophrastus mentions three kinds of rhaphanos (ῤάφανος):  a curly-leaved, a smooth-leaved, and a wild-type.  He reports the antipathy of the cabbage and the grape vine, for the ancients believed cabbages grown near grapes would impart their flavour to the wine.  It has been bred into a wide range of cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, brussels sprouts, collards, and kale, some of which are hardly recognisable as being members of the same genus, let alone species. The historical genus of Crucifera, meaning "cross-bearing," may be the only unifying feature beyond taste.

Origins 

According to the Triangle of U theory, B. oleracea is very closely related to five other species of the genus Brassica.

The cultivars of B. oleracea are grouped by developmental form into seven major cultivar groups, of which the Acephala ("non-heading") group remains most like the natural Wild Cabbage in appearance:
*Brassica oleracea Acephala Group – kale and collard greens
*Brassica oleracea Alboglabra Group – Chinese broccoli or Kai-lan
*Brassica oleracea Botrytis Group – cauliflower, Romanesco broccoli and broccoflower
*Brassica oleracea Capitata Group – cabbage
*Brassica oleracea Gemmifera Group – brussels sprouts
*Brassica oleracea Gongylodes Group – kohlrabi
*Brassica oleracea Italica Group – broccoli

In places such as the Channel Islands and Canary Islands where the frost is minimal and plants are thus freed from seasonality, some cultivars, known as Jersey cabbages, can grow up to three meters tall. These "tree cabbages" yield fresh leaves throughout the year, are perennial, and do not need to be destroyed at harvest as with a normal cabbage. Their woody stalks are sometimes dried and made into [http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bâtons_d%27chour.jpg walking sticks]. 

History 

With the advent of agriculture and the domestication of wild crop plants, the peoples of the Mediterranean began cultivating wild cabbage. Through artificial selection for various phenotype traits the emergence of variations of the plant with drastic differences in looks took only a few thousand years. Preference for leaves, terminal bud, lateral bud, stem and inflorescence evolved the wild cabbage into the many forms we know today. 

Impact of Preference  

* The preference for the eating of the leaves led to the selection of plants with larger leaves being harvested and their seeds planted for the next growth. Around the 5th century BC the formation of what we now know as kale had developed. 
* Preference led to further artificial selection of kale plants with more tightly bunched leaves, or terminal bud. Somewhere around the 1st century AD emerged the phenotype variation of Brassica oleracea that we know as cabbage. 
* Phenotype selection preferences in Germany led kale down another evolutionary pathway. By selecting for fatter stems the variant plant known as kohlrabi emerged around the 1st century AD. 
* Further selection in Belgium in lateral bud led to the Brussels sprout in the 18th century.
* European preference emerged for eating immature buds, selection for inflorescence. By the 15th century AD cauliflower had developed leading also to the emergence of broccoli in Italy about 100 years later.

Cultivars
Question:
Which green vegetable belongs to the Brassica Oleracea Italica group of plants?
Answer:
Anime Gamers USA
Passage:
Name That Soil - Discovery Education
The Dirt on Soil - Learning Adventures
Learning Adventures
Classroom Resources > Learning Adventures
Soils are as diverseas the plants and animals growing and living above them.  Tropical rain forest soil is not like a prairie soil. Physical, chemical, and biological actions work together to create every soil on the planet. But there are many ingredients that can go into the basic recipe.
 
What's your type?Squeeze some soil between your fingers. Is it crumbly? Sticky? A soil's texture depends on the size of its particles. And living things depend on the right texture to thrive in the soil.
Soil Particles
Gravel:larger than 2mm; feels coarse
Sand:2 - 0.05mm; feels gritty
Silt:0.05 - 0.002mm; feels like flour
Clay:smaller than 0.002; feels sticky when wet
Every soil type is a mixture of sand, silt, clay, and organic matter .
Sand: Too Coarse.Soils with lots of sand have big spaces between the particles. They don't hold water or nutrients. Sand  doesn't react with other chemicals. Sandy soils don't stick together very well. Plant roots can't hold onto this soil. But the big spaces do allow air into the soil.  There are some plants that are able to grow in sandy topsoil by putting their roots deep, through the sand to the subsoil.
Silt: Too Light.This is material which is finer than sand, but still feels gritty. Silt is commonly found in floodplains and is the soil component that makes mud.  Soils with a lot of silt make excellent farm land, but erode easily.  This is the soil blown away in dust storms and carried down stream in floods.
Clay: Too Fine.Lots of clay makes the soil heavy and dense. The spaces between soil particles are very tiny. When clay soil is dry, it's almost as hard as concrete. Plant roots can't push through it. No air can get in from the surface. Most bacteria and other soil organisms that need oxygen can't breathe. But clay is important because it can change the soil chemistry. Clays give off minerals and absorb acids.
Loam: Just Right.The perfect soil for plants and soil organisms has about the same amount of sand and silt, plus a smaller amount of clay. This soil has enough large and small spaces for air and water to flow in. It also has enough clay to let it stick together and hold humus . These clumps make another size of space. Plant roots can easily grow through these spaces. This is what farmers and gardeners are talking about when they call a soil "a loam " or "loamy." It's the nicest thing they can say about a soil. Really.
Pictures: Saskatchewan Interactive/Dr. Jeff Bettany | Point Pelee National Park, Canada |
Steven Allison-Bunnell |  USDA/Larry Rana
Question:
What is the name for a mixture of clay, sand and silt?
Answer:
Sandy loam
Passage:
Cottage pie
Cottage pie (made with minced beef) or shepherd's pie (made with minced lamb) is a meat pie with a crust of mashed potato.     

Etymology

The term cottage pie was in use by 1791,  when the potato was being introduced as an edible crop affordable for the poor (cf. "cottage" meaning a modest dwelling for rural workers).

History

In early cookery books, the dish was a means of using leftover roasted meat of any kind, and the pie dish was lined with mashed potato as well as having a mashed potato crust on top.  

The term "shepherd's pie" did not appear until 1877, and since then it is sometimes used synonymously with "cottage pie", regardless of whether the principal ingredient was beef or mutton.    Ouside the United States, the term "shepherd's pie" is used when the meat is lamb.   

Variations

* A St. Stephen's Day pie is made using turkey and ham. 
* The Cumberland pie is a version with a layer of breadcrumb on top. 
* A similar English dish made with fish is a fish pie.
Question:
Traditionally, what is the topping for a shepherd's pie?
Answer:
Idaho potato
Passage:
At My Mother’s Knee…and Other Low Joints - Amazon.co.uk
At My Mother's Knee ...: Amazon.co.uk: Paul O'Grady: 9780593059258: Books
At My Mother's Knee ...
Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required.
Apple
To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.
or
Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here , or download a FREE Kindle Reading App .
Product details
Publisher: Bantam Press; 1st Edition 1st Printing edition (24 Sept. 2008)
Language: English
Product Dimensions: 16.2 x 2.8 x 24.1 cm
Average Customer Review:
Product Description
Amazon Review
Paul O'Grady, apart from being one of Britain's best loved entertainers, is a classic example of reinvention, as At My Mother’s Knee demonstrates. The young Liverpool entertainer, an altar boy from Irish Catholic Birkenhead, becomes the acid-tongued and outrageous drag queen Lily Savage, and moves from gay pubs to national television, creating something of a British comic institution en route (O'Grady's caustic drag character was a world away from safer predecessors such as Danny La Rue). But O'Grady (like other comic performers such as John Cleese) realised that comic creations can have a limited shelf life, and reinvented himself as ‘Paul O'Grady’, coming out from behind the false breasts and towering wigs as a toned-down (but still camp), more audience-friendly TV presenter (wisely, he retained the abrasive voice and a Scouse accent that could be cut with a knife).
At My Mother's Knee and Other Low Joints is an entertaining autobiography from someone who really does have a life that is worth writing about. Gossipy, sharp and colourful, the cast of characters in Paul O'Grady's life includes rogues and rascals galore, all of whom are evoked here with great comic skill. O'Grady was variously a boxer, a civil servant, a conman and even a cat burglar - all of these failed careers are on display here, as is a surprisingly pungent picture of the Liverpool nightclub scene. When so many showbiz autobiographies these days are written by people who have a barely had a life outside of their fame, it's refreshing to encounter one by somebody whose story would be interesting even if he were not a major TV star. --Barry Forshaw
Review
Paul speaks with warmth and hilarity about a childhood filled with poverty, and reveals a cast of characters with whom he could have created an entire comedy series. Hugely interesting and entertaining. --Jo Hoare, Heat Magazine
At My Mother's Knee distinguishes itself on every level --Carol Ann Duffy, The Observer
While most celeb memoirs are as memorable as an air kiss, O'Grady's is a proper snog --The Scotsman
Question:
'At my Mother's Knee (and other Low Joints)' is the first autobiography by which TV personality?
Answer:
At My Mother's Knee... And Other Low Joints
Passage:
List of semiaquatic tetrapods
This is a list of tetrapods that spend part of their life cycle or a significant fraction of their time in water.

Semiaquatic Tetrapoda are those that are primarily or partly terrestrial but that spend a large amount of time swimming or otherwise occupied in water, either as part of their life cycle or as an essential behavior (e.g. feeding). Some marine mammals, such the marine otter, the polar bear and pinnipeds, are semiaquatic, while others, such as the sea otter, cetaceans and sirenians, are fully aquatic. The only fully aquatic nonmarine mammals are several manatees (the Amazonian manatee and some populations of African manatee) and certain small cetaceans (river dolphins, the tucuxi, and some populations of Irrawaddy dolphin and finless porpoise). Among marine reptiles, marine iguanas and partly marine crocodiles (such as the saltwater crocodile and the American crocodile) are all semiaquatic. Sea turtles are almost fully aquatic, but must come ashore to lay eggs. Most sea snakes are ovoviviparous and fully aquatic (the exception being the oviparous, semiaquatic sea kraits). On the other hand, no bird species is fully aquatic, as all must lay and incubate their eggs, as well as begin raising their young, on land or ice. Most amphibians have an aquatic larval stage and are at least semiaquatic for that reason, but there are many exceptions to this generalization.

Mammals

* Monotremes
** Platypus - (Ornithorhynchus anatinus)
* Marsupials
** Lutrine opossum - (Lutreolina crassicaudata)
** Water opossum or yapok - (Chironectes minimus)
* Tenrecs
** Otter shrews
** Web-footed tenrec
* Primates
** Allen's swamp monkey
** Proboscis monkey
* Rodents
**Castorimorpha - beavers, pocket gophers, and kangaroo rats
*** Beavers
**Caviomorpha - New World hystricognaths
*** Capybaras
*** Coypu
*** Paca
**Myomorpha - mouse-like rodents
*** Crab-eating rats
*** European water vole
*** 'Fish-eating rats'
*** 'Marsh rats'
*** Muskrat
*** 'Swamp rats'
*** 'Water mice'
*** 'Water rats'
* Lagomorphs
** Marsh rabbit
** Swamp rabbit
* Soricomorphs
** Desmans
** 'Water shrews'
* Carnivorans
** Mustelidae - weasels and otters
*** Minks
*** Otters (except the sea otter)
** Pinnipeds
** Procyonidae - raccoons
*** Crab-eating raccoon - (Procyon cancrivorus)
** Ursidae - bears
*** Polar bear - (Ursus maritimus)
** Felidae - cats
*** Fishing cat
*** Flat-headed cat
** Herpestidae - mongooses
*** Crab-eating mongoose
** Viverridae - civets and genets
*** Aquatic genet
* Perissodactyla
** Rhinocerotidae - rhinos
*** Indian rhinoceros
*** Javan rhinoceros
*** Sumatran rhinoceros
** Tapiridae - tapirs
*** Baird's tapir
*** Brazilian tapir
*** Malayan tapir
* Artiodactyls
** Bovidae - ruminants
*** Anoa
*** Sitatunga
*** Waterbuck
*** Wild water buffalo
** Cervidae - deer
*** Chinese water deer
*** Marsh deer
*** Moose
** Hippopotamidae - hippos
*** Hippopotamus
*** Pygmy hippopotamus
** Tragulidae - mouse-deer
*** Greater mouse-deer
*** Water chevrotain
*** Yellow-striped chevrotain

Birds

* Austrodyptornithess
** Penguin
* Ducks
* Geese
* Swans
* Herons
* Kingfishers
* Gulls
* Pelicans
* Sandpipers
* Plovers
* Auks
* Jaegers
* Dippers

Reptiles

* CrocodiliansAlthough all extant crocodilians are semiaquatic, some recently extinct mekosuchine genera, Mekosuchus and Quinkana, were mostly or entirely terrestrial.
* Lizards
** Asian water monitor
** Basiliscus (basilisks)
** Dracaena (caiman lizards)
** Galápagos marine iguana
** Mertens' water monitor
** Mitchell's water monitor
** Nile monitor
* Snakes
** Anacondas
** Cottonmouth
** Garter snakes
** Mud snake
** Rainbow snake
** Sea kraits
** Water cobras
** 'Water snakes'
***Grass snake
* Most turtles, excluding fully terrestrial box turtles, tortoises, and some Asian box turtles

Amphibians

Most amphibians have an aquatic larval stage and thus are at least semiaquatic by virtue of this fact. Many adult amphibians are also semiquatic (while others are fully aquatic or terrestrial). However, some amphibians lack an aquatic larval stage. Some frogs, such as most leiopelmatids, most ranixalids, some leptodactylids, some myobatrachids, Darwin's frog and the Seychelles frog, have nonaquatic tadpoles. Some caecilians, many frogs such as saddleback toads, most sooglossids and the greenhouse frog,  and most plethodontid salamanders lay eggs on land in which the larvae develop into adult form before they hatch. The alpine salamander and African live-bearing toads (Nectophrynoides and Nimbaphrynoides)  are ovoviviparous and give birth on land. Additionally, about 75% of caecilians are viviparous.

* Most anurans (frogs and toads), but not the fully aquatic pipids, or fully aquatic members of other families such as Telmatobiidae
* Some caecilians, such as ichthyophiids, rhinatrematids, Chthonerpeton and Nectocaecilia, but not including other fully aquatic typhlonectids 
* Most non-plethodontid salamanders, but not including the fully aquatic amphiumids, cryptobranchids, proteids, sirenids and various neotenic species in other families, such as Ambystoma mexicanum
Question:
What semi-aquatic, fish eating mammal, related to the weasel, is prized for its fur and enjoyed for its playful nature?
Answer:
Lutrinae
Passage:
Chris Gittins
Chris Gittins (4 July 1902 – 20 August 1988)[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1542451/  Chris Gittins at IMDb] was a British character actor who played the role of Walter Gabriel in the long running BBC radio series The Archers. 

He was born in Stourbridge, Worcestershire.  He played the role of Walter Gabriel, a tenant farmer, for 35 years from 1953 to 1988, and was known nationally for the character's phrase "My old pal, my old beauty".   He also appeared in several TV series including Hilda Lessways (1959) and Swizzlewick (1964).

Notes
Question:
"Chris Gittins played which character in BBC Radio's ""The Archers"" for thirty five-years between 1953 and 1988?"
Answer:
Walter Gabriel
