Passage:
Statue of Pete Doherty as Christ crucified to be displayed ...
Statue of Pete Doherty as Christ crucified to be displayed in London church | Consequence of Sound
The No. 1 Source For Breaking Music and Film Headlines
Statue of Pete Doherty as Christ crucified to be displayed in London church
Reddit
Before The Libertines head out on another round of reunion tour dates this summer, frontman Pete Doherty will be heading to church — sort of. A statue of Doherty depicted as Christ on the cross will be on display at London’s St. Marylebone Parish Church from February 19th through March 17th.
Set to debut alongside other representations of the Passion of the Christ, the statue, cleverly titled “For Pete’s Sake”, was originally created by Doherty’s friend and artist Nick Reynolds back in 2008. According to Reynolds, he made the piece at a time when “I saw Pete being crucified by the media and that provided the basis of my inspiration to make this piece.” Above, you can see the actual Doherty undergoing plaster casting for the statue.
As for why a church would allow a former drug addict and renowned troublemaker to be depicted as their Lord and Savior, Reverend Canon Stephen Evans said that because Doherty has since found sobriety, he hopes the statue “might help visitors to the exhibition stop and reflect not only Christ’s Passion and Resurrection and what this means but also to stop and reflect on what in their own lives leads to death or to life.”
The show, called simply “Stations of the Cross”, was planned by Ben Moore to benefit the Missing Tom Fund, which raises money to support the search for Moore’s sibling who disappeared in 2003. Following the exhibition, the statue will go on sale for £33,000 (approximately $50,622 USD).
The Libertines, meanwhile, recently signed with Virgin EMI , with hopes of delivering a new record by the end of this year.
Artists
Question:
Which pop star was depicted as Christ crucified at Marylebone parish church London?
Answer:
Peter Doherty (Musician)
Passage:
Winslow High School (Maine)
Winslow High School is a four year public high school located in Winslow, Maine. It is a part of Maine AOS 92 - Kennebec Valley Consolidated Schools (formerly of Maine School Union 52) along with the city of Waterville, Maine and the town of Vassalboro, Maine, and is one of two high schools in the School Unit (the other being Waterville High School of Waterville). Winslow serves the community of Winslow and is open to high school students from the towns of Vassalboro, and China, Maine (of Regional School Unit 18) at a tuition cost since there is no public high school in either town.  

School Philosophy

As quoted by Winslow's Principal Doug Carville, the school's "philosophy is to tailor education to meet the needs of each individual. We have a safe and friendly school climate where the administration, faculty and staff are committed to students of all ages". 

Athletics

Winslow offers several freshmen, junior varsity, and varsity sports that students participate in throughout the school year. 
Fall

Boys Soccer
Cheering
Cross Country
Field Hockey
Football
Girls Soccer
Golf

Winter

Boys Basketball
Boys Ice Hockey
Cheering
Girls Basketball
Girls Ice Hockey
Indoor Track
Swimming
Wrestling

Spring

Baseball
Softball
Tennis
Track and Field
Boys and Girls Lacrosse

Extracurricular activities

In addition to offering sports, Winslow offers several extracurricular activities that students can take part it. These activities include, 
Fall Musical
Jazz Band
Math Team
National Honors Society
Theater Program
Anime Club
Pep Band
Pit Band
Renaissance
Service Club
Spring Play
Student Senate
Art Club
Philosophy Club
Yearbook Staff
The Economics classes also nominate the top eight performers to compete in the State Economics Meet, with the top four as the A Team, and the other four as the B Team.

Music students can also choose to participate in the annual Kennebec Valley Music Festival, All State Music Festival, or Jazz All State Music Festival through an audition.

The Cheerleaders set up the Homecoming Dance.
Sophomore students can choose to participate in setting up the Sadie Hawkins Dance, which that class pays for, while Juniors, whose class pays for the Prom, can choose to join the Prom Committee, which takes place in May.

School song

Sung to the tune of the American Navy's Song, Anchors Aweigh, Winslow's school song is,
Stand loyal to our school
Our Winslow High
We'll all unite and send our
Cheers up to the sky.
Stand back old (opposing team name _______)
Stand back or fall
We're coming down your way
And Winslow has possession of the ball.

Administration

*Eric L. Haley - Superintendent
*Chad Bell - Principal
*Richard Hendsbee - Assistant Principal
*Jason Briggs - Athletic Director

Notes
Question:
"Which American TV series (2000 to 2004) centred on Winslow High School, a fictional public high school located in Boston, Massachusetts, had the slogan ""Every day is a fight. For respect. For dignity. For sanity.""?"
Answer:
Winslow High
Passage:
Cannery Row
Cannery Row is the waterfront street in the New Monterey section of Monterey, California. It is the site of a number of now-defunct sardine canning factories. The last cannery closed in 1973. The street name, formerly a nickname for Ocean View Avenue, became official in January 1958 to honor John Steinbeck and his well-known novel Cannery Row.  In the novel's opening sentence, Steinbeck described the street as "a poem, a stink, a grating noise, a quality of light, a tone, a habit, a nostalgia, a dream."

History

Cannery Row was the setting of John Steinbeck's novels Cannery Row (1945) and Sweet Thursday (1954). Both were the basis for the 1982 movie Cannery Row, starring Nick Nolte and Debra Winger.  It is also mentioned in Bob Dylan's song "Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands".
Pacific Biological Laboratories, a biological supply house, was located at 800 Ocean View Avenue (now 800 Cannery Row) from 1928 to 1948, and operated by Edward F. Ricketts, who was the inspiration for several characters in Steinbeck novels. The laboratory is still preserved. Across from the laboratory still exists a Chinese-American-owned store mentioned in both Cannery Row and Sweet Thursday, as well as a vacant lot that was the "home" of some of the homeless characters in the novel.

The canneries failed after the collapse of the fishing industry in Monterey Bay in the mid-1950s, which resulted from a combination of factors, including unfavorable oceanic conditions, over-fishing, and competition from other species.   In his investigation of where the sardines had gone, Ed Ricketts finally concluded "They're in cans." Before the collapse, the fishery was one of the most productive in the world due to the upwelling of cold, yet nutrient-rich water from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean that is funneled to the surface via the vast underwater Monterey Canyon.

Old Hovden Cannery steam boilers

Today

Today the area offshore from Cannery Row is the Edward F. Ricketts State Marine Conservation Area (part of the larger Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary)   and is home to a large resurgent population of California sea lions. 

Cannery Row itself is now a tourist attraction with many restaurants and hotels, several of which are located in former cannery buildings, and a few historic attractions. Some privately owned fishing companies still exist on Cannery Row, housed on piers located a short distance from the historic district frequented by tourists. 

In recent years, Cannery Row has become increasingly popular among sport fishermen due to extensive public fishing facilities. MacAbee Beach and San Carlos Beach, which bookend Cannery Row  are both popular spots for kayak-launching; San Carlos Beach is one of Monterey Bay's most popular scuba-diving spots.

The Monterey Bay Aquarium (opened 1984) is located at the north end of Cannery Row, at the former site of the major Hovden Cannery. Norwegian immigrant Knut Hovden founded Hovden Food Products Corporation which opened on July 7, 1916. By canning squid at the end of its life, Hovden Cannery managed to outlast its neighbors, finally closing its doors in 1973 when it became the last cannery on the row to close.
Question:
Who wrote the novel Cannery Row?
Answer:
John Steinbeck III
Passage:
Tsavo
Tsavo is a region of Kenya located at the crossing of the Uganda Railway over the Tsavo River, close to where it meets the Athi River. Tsavo means "slaughter" in the language of the Kamba people. Until the British put an end to the slave trade in the late 19th century, Tsavo was continually crossed by caravans of Arab slavers and their captives.

Two national parks, Tsavo East and Tsavo West, are nearby.

Nature

Typical flora of the region includes:
*Acacia
*Myrrh
*Baobab

Typical fauna of the region includes:
*African bush elephant
*Masai giraffe
*Cape buffalo
*Gazelle
*Klipspringer
*Kudu
*African leopard
*Masai lion
*Tanzanian cheetah
*Tsetse fly

Native human inhabitants:
*The Waata, a bow-hunting people.

In popular culture

The place achieved fame in The Man-eaters of Tsavo by John Henry Patterson (author) , a 1907 book about the "Tsavo maneaters", a pair of lions who attacked workers building the railroad bridge; the book has been made into several films.

In the video game Halo 3 for the Xbox 360, the entire Earth-bound part of the game is set in this region. As such, one of the levels is entitled "Tsavo Highway" and encompasses the final stages of the evacuation of Crow's Nest and the preface for the attack on Voi.

American fingerstyle guitarist Billy McLaughlin named a song after the region, found on the album The Archery Of Guitar.
Question:
This game park is so big it is divided into Tsavo East and Tsavo West, but in which country are they situated?
Answer:
Kenyan
Passage:
Malcolm Cooper
Malcolm Douglas Cooper, MBE, (20 December 1947 – 9 June 2001) was a British sport shooter and founder of Accuracy International. , he is the only shooter to win two consecutive gold medals in the Olympic 50 metre rifle three positions event.

Cooper was born in 1947 in Camberley and learned to shoot small bore rifles whilst attending Westlake Boys High School in New Zealand, where his father was stationed with the Royal Navy: he subsequently attended the Royal Hospital School. He started shooting competitively in 1970. In 1978 he established his own rifle making company Accuracy International. He won gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul (both in the three positions event).  In 1986 he was also world champion in 300 m Standard Rifle, a non-Olympic rifle discipline in which he claimed several European and World titles, as well as holding the World record for a period.

Cooper died in June 2001 after an eight-month battle with cancer. He died at his home in Eastergate, West Sussex.
Question:
In which sport did Malcolm Cooper win Gold medals for Great Britain at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics?
Answer:
The Shooting
Passage:
Trouble in Store
Trouble in Store is a 1953 British comedy film starring Norman Wisdom as a department store clerk in his screen debut. For his performance, Wisdom won a BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer. The film broke box office records at 51 out of the 67 London cinemas in which it played. The Daily Mirror reviewer wrote of the film: "If you don't laugh at Norman's antics as the downtrodden worker in a big store, trying to get promotion as a window dresser, there is something wrong with your sense of fun."  

Plot

Norman (Norman Wisdom), a lowly stock clerk at Burridge's department store, is in love with another employee, Sally Wilson (Lana Morris), though he has been unable to muster the courage to let her know how he feels. After he antagonizes the new head of the store, Augustus Freeman (Jerry Desmonde), he is promptly fired. On his way out, Norman helps Miss Bacon (Margaret Rutherford) carry her bulging suitcases, unaware that she is an audacious shoplifter. Freeman sees Norman assisting a "customer" and rehires him.

Meanwhile, Peggy Drew (Moira Lister), the store's personnel manager, flirts with Mr. Freeman,  while plotting with her boyfriend Gerald (Derek Bond) to rob the place. Norman is fired and rehired again and again, as his escapades somehow manage to benefit the store. He also finally becomes acquainted with Sally, chasing her down through the city streets to return her purse. His antics make her laugh.

After his latest firing, Norman is alarmed to find the handsome, suave Gerald trying to get to know Sally better. When he goes to the man's apartment to warn him to stay away from her, Norman inadvertently uncovers the robbery plot, scheduled to coincide with a big sale the next day. But,  he is unable to get Sally or anyone else to take him seriously.

Sally eventually decides to bring Norman's story to the attention of the management, but tells the wrong person, Miss Drew, and is tied up for her efforts. Norman finds her and together, they foil the thieves. Freeman takes Norman back into his employ...but not for long.

Cast

*Norman Wisdom as Norman
*Lana Morris as Sally Wilson
*Moira Lister as Peggy Drew
*Jerry Desmonde as Augustus Freeman
*Derek Bond as Gerald
*Margaret Rutherford as Miss Bacon
*Megs Jenkins as Miss Gibson, Norman's loyal friend in the stockroom
*Michael Brennan as Davis
*Michael Ward as Wilbur
*Joan Sims as Edna

Production

Jill Craigie wrote the first draft of the script, but reportedly asked that her name be removed from the credits after learning of Wisdom's participation. 

Reception

The film was the second most popular movie at the British box office in 1954.
Question:
"Which English film actor and comedian starred in such films as ""Trouble in Store"" (1953) and ""The Square Peg"" (1958)?"
Answer:
Norman Joseph Wisden
Passage:
Welsh/Useful Phrases - Wikibooks, open books for an open world
Welsh/Useful Phrases - Wikibooks, open books for an open world
Welsh/Useful Phrases
Dw i ddim yn deall
I don't understand
Dw i ddim yn gwybod
I don't know
Beth yw hwn (hwnnw) yn Gymraeg?
What is this (that) in Welsh?
Sut ydych chi'n dweud ... yn Gymraeg?
How do you say ... in Welsh?
Os gwelwch yn dda
Where is the toilet?
Yes and No[ edit ]
Welsh doesn't have a single word to use every time for yes and no questions. The word used depends on the form of the question. You must generally answer using the relevant form of the verb used in the question, or in questions where the verb is not the first element you use either 'ie' / 'nage'. "Ie" is often pronounced "ia" in northern dialects of Welsh.
Cymraeg
Nag ydw
I'm not
Oes and Nag oes are used to answer questions regarding a quantity or existance of an object (i.e. the 3 sg. present indicative of the existential verb).
Ydy and Nag ydy are the 3 sg. present indicative of the substantive verb 'to be' used, e.g., where the sentence involves a predicate.
Ydw and Nag ydw are the 1 sg. present indicative of the substantive verb, used either existentially or in the case of predicates.
Oes ci gyda chi? Oes. (southern Welsh)
Oes gennych chi gi? Oes. (northern Welsh)
Do you have a dog? Yes.
Is there a dog with you? There is. (southern Welsh)
Do you have a dog? Yes. (northern Welsh)
Oes ci gyda chi? Nac oes. (southern Welsh)
Oes gennych chi gi? Nag oes. (northern Welsh)
Do you have a dog? No.
Is there a dog with you? There is not.
Ydy hi'n oer? Ydy.
Is it (fem.) cold? It is.
Ydy hi'n oer? Nag ydy.
Is it cold? No.
Is it (fem.) cold? It isn't.
Ydych chi'n hoffi siocled? Ydw.
Do you like chocolate? Yes.
Are you liking chocolate? I am.
Ydych chi'n hoffi siocled? Nag ydw.
Do you like chocolate? No.
Are you liking chocolate? I'm not.
ugain
Days of the week[ edit ]
When referring to the evening or night of a particular day, Nos precedes the name of the day (and a soft mutation takes place), otherwise the name of the day is preceded by Dydd.
English
Months of the year[ edit ]
Cymraeg
Seasons of the year[ edit ]
Cymraeg
Welsh (language): Cymraeg (kum-RAig / kum-ra:g)
English (language): Saesneg (SAY-sneg / SIS-neg)
Good morning!: Bore da! (bo-re da)
Good afternoon!: P'nawn da! (p'nown da)
Welcome!: Croeso! (KROY-so)
Goodbye!: Da boch chi! (da BO-khi)
Cheerio!: Hwyl fawr! (hooil vowR)
Good night!: Nos da! (no:s da)
Please: Os gwelwch chi'n dda (oss GWEL-oo-khin dha)
Thank you: Diolch (DEE-olkh)
Thank you very much: Diolch yn fawr (DEE-olkh'n vowR)
You're welcome: Croeso (krojso)
No thank you: Dim diolch (dim dee-olkh)
Yes: Ie (EE-eh), Do (do:), Oes (oyss / o:s), Ydy (UD-ee) etc.
There are many different ways of saying “yes” or no, depending on the context
To answer “yes” you must use a response which is in grammatical agreement with the question.
“Oes...?” (Is there...?) is answered with “Oes” (Yes there is).
“Ydy...?” (Is he/she...?) is answered with “Ydy” (Yes he/she is).
“Ydw...?” (Am I...?) would however be answered appropriately with “Ydych” (Yes you are) and vice versa.
“Ie” (Yes) is used when the verb is not the initial element of the question.
“Do” (Yes I did, Yes you did, etc.) is used in reply to questions in the past tense, although in several dialects it is also used in the present tense.
No: Na (nah)
To contradict someone or to give a more definite “no” you can however precede the words for “yes” with “na” or “nag”, e.g. “Nag oes!” (No there isn’t!) (The opposite of Do is Naddo.)
(I’m) sorry!: Mae'n flin gen i! (mai'n vleen Gen ee)
Isn’t it? Wouldn’t it? Aren’t they? Won’t we? etc.: Ynte? (un-teh)
Cheers! Good health!: Iechyd da! (YEKH-id dah)
Question:
What is the Welsh word for ‘welcome’?
Answer:
CROESO
Passage:
BBC ON THIS DAY | 26 | 2004: Thousands die in Asian tsunami
BBC ON THIS DAY | 26 | 2004: Thousands die in Asian tsunami
About This Site | Text Only
2004: Thousands die in Asian tsunami
Massive sea surges triggered by an earthquake under the Indian Ocean have killed over 10,000 people in southern Asia, with many more feared dead.
An 8.9 magnitude earthquake under the sea near Aceh, north Indonesia, at 0759 local time (0059 GMT) generated the biggest tsunami the world has seen for at least 40 years.
The wall of water fanned out across the Indian Ocean at high speed and slammed into coastal areas with little or no warning.
Officials in Indonesia, Sri Lanka and India have all reported death tolls in the thousands and the figures are expected to rise sharply over the next few days.
This may be the worst natural disaster in recent history
UN Emergency Relief Co-ordinator Jan Egeland
Indonesia is thought to be the worst-hit country in the region, with 4,185 confirmed dead.
In Sri Lanka, over 3,500 people have died and one million more have been made homeless. President Chandrika Kumaratunga has declared a national emergency.
Hundreds of fisherman are missing off the southern Indian coast and witnesses have reported scores of bodies being washed up on beaches.
Other countries hit by the tsunami include Malaysia, Thailand, the Maldives, the Seychelles and the Indian-owned Andaman and Nicobar islands.
Harrowing stories from the disaster zone are beginning to emerge.
Jayanti Lakshmi, 70, lost her son and twin grandsons while out shopping with her daughter-in-law in Cuddalore, southern India.
She said: "I wish I had died instead of the others, my daughter-in-law would have a life. I can't bear to watch her pain."
And a father in Sri Lanka watched as his entire family was swept away by the sea.
"It dragged my wife away, then my two-month-old twins," he said. "Then I watched my seven-year-old son drown."
Large part of the affected area are popular holiday destinations and many resorts have been badly hit.
In Thailand, hundreds of holiday bungalows have been destroyed on the popular Phi Phi Island. Tourists from all over the world are thought to be among the dead.
Health experts now fear that many more could die as diseases like typhoid, cholera and malaria spread rapidly.
United Nations Emergency Relief Co-ordinator Jan Egeland said many of the affected areas  had dense populations living in sub-standard housing.
"This may be the worst natural disaster in recent history," he added.
Question:
Name 2 of the 3 countries that had the most victims due to the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami.
Answer:
Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and India
Passage:
Paraguayan guaraní
The guaraní (, plural: guaraníes; sign: ₲; code: PYG) is the national currency unit of Paraguay. The guaraní was divided into 100 céntimos but, because of inflation, céntimos are no longer in use.

The currency sign is .

History 

The law creating the guaraní was passed on 5 October 1943, and replaced the peso at a rate of 1 guaraní = 100 pesos. Guaraníes were first issued in 1944. Between 1960 and 1985, the guaraní was pegged to the United States dollar at 126 PYG to 1 USD.

Coins 

In 1944, aluminum-bronze coins were introduced in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 centimos. All were round shaped. The obverses featured a flower with "Republica del Paraguay" and the date surrounding it, except for the 50 centimos, which featured the lion and Liberty cap insignia. The denomination was shown on the reverses.

The second issue, introduced in 1953, consisted of 10, 15, 25 and 50 centimos coins. All were again minted in aluminium-bronze but were scallop shaped and featured the lion and Liberty cap on the obverse. None of the céntimo coins circulate today.

In 1975, coins were introduced in denominations of 1, 5, 10 and 50 guaranies, all of which were round and made of stainless steel. Since 1990, stainless steel has been replaced by brass-plated steel  nickel-brass. 100 guaranies coins were introduced in 1990, followed by 500 guaranies in 1997. 1000 guaranies coins were minted in 2006 and released in 2007.

Banknotes 

The first guaraní notes were of 50 céntimos, 1, 5, and 10 guaraní overstamped on 50, 100, 500, and 1000 pesos in 1943. Regular guaraní notes for 1, 5, 10, 50, 100, 500 and 1,000 guaraní, soon followed. They were printed by De La Rue.

The 1963 series (under the law of 1952) was a complete redesign. The lineup also expanded upward with the addition of 5000 and 10,000 guaraníes. This designed lasted for decades until inflation removed notes up to and including 500 guaraníes from circulation. The 1982 revision added denominations in the Guaraní language to the reverses.

The first 50,000 guaraníes notes were issued in 1990, followed by 100,000 guaraníes in 1998. During the last two decades of the 20th century, more than one printer printed guaraní notes.

Starting from 2004, the existing denominations, except 50,000 guaraníes, underwent small but easily noticeable changes, such as a more sophisticated and borderless underprint and enhanced security features. Giesecke & Devrient print the new 20,000 guaraní note, while De La Rue prints the rest. In 2009, the Central Bank launched the first 2,000 guaraníes polymer-made bills, which makes the notes more durable than the traditional cotton-fiber bills.

New 50,000 guaraníes bills of series C have been printed with the date of 2005, but as they obviously reached circulation by criminal ways before being launched officially, this series has been declared void and worthless by the central bank[http://www.bcp.gov.py/BancoCentral/InfoBillete50Mil.htm Banco Central del Paraguay – Información adicional sobre los billetes de 50 mil Guaraníes] and bills of series A and B where demonetized in 2012.

A new 5,000 guaraníes note has been released. The 5,000 Guarani was put into circulation on January 14, 2013. This note has been printed by The Canadian Bank Note Company. Such security features include a see through window in the shape of a locomotive, a watermark of the portrait. However this note will still bear the portrait of Don Carlos Antonio Lopez, the reverse will also have the same design of Lopez's Palace.  
10,000 as well as 20,000 notes are produced by Polish Security Printing Works (Polska Wytwornia Papierow Wartosciowych). 

Revaluation 

The guaraní is currently the least valued currency unit in the Americas, 1 US dollar worth close to 5,400 guaranies.

In 2011, plans were released under which the Paraguayan guaraní would be revalued as the Nuevo guaraní (PYN) in the ratio of 1 000:1. [http://www.bcp.gov.py/PRM/Proyecto_Reconversion_Monetaria.pdf Proyecto Reconversion Monetaria] (pdf) published 2010.

From day 1 (currently unknown), there would be a conversion at the rate of 1,000 ₲ 1 N₲ ("nuevo guaraní"). After a two-year transition period (with N₲ as the currency sign, and only the old billets available, probably with three zeros crossed out manually), new billets with the lower value would be introduced, re-using the name guaraní (₲) for the lower value.

However, due to possible confusion and problems with the projects, it is currently suspended.
Question:
The Guarani is the principal unit of currency of which country?
Answer:
Administrative divisions of Paraguay
Passage:
Younger Memnon
The Younger Memnon is an Ancient Egyptian statue, one of two colossal granite heads from the Ramesseum mortuary temple in Thebes, Upper Egypt. It depicts the Nineteenth Dynasty Pharaoh Ramesses II wearing the Nemes head-dress with a cobra diadem on top. The damaged statue has since lost its body and lower legs. It is one of a pair that originally flanked the Ramesseum's doorway. The head of the other statue is still found at the temple.

Description

The Younger Memon is 2.7 m high by 2 meters wide (across the shoulders). It weighs 7.25 tons and was cut from a single block of two-coloured granite. There is a slight variation of normal conventions in that the eyes look down slightly more than usual, and to exploit the different colours (broadly speaking, the head is in one colour, and the body another).

Acquisition

Belzoni

Napoleon's men tried but failed to dig and remove it to France during his 1798 expedition there, during which he did acquire but then lost the Rosetta Stone. It was during this attempt that the hole on the right of the torso (just above Ramesses's right nipple) is said to have been made.

Following an idea mentioned to him by his friend Johann Ludwig Burckhardt of digging the statue and bringing it to Britain, the British Consul General Henry Salt hired the adventurer Giovanni Belzoni in Cairo in 1815 for this purpose. Using his hydraulics and engineering skills, it was pulled on wooden rollers by ropes to the bank of the Nile opposite Luxor by hundreds of workmen. However, no boat was yet available to take it up to Alexandria and so Belzoni carried out an expedition to Nubia, returning by October. With French collectors also in the area possibly looking to acquire the statue, he then sent workmen to Esna to gain a suitable boat and in the meantime carried out further excavations in Thebes. He finally loaded the products of these digs, plus the Memnon, onto this boat and got it to Cairo by 15 December 1816. There he received and obeyed orders from Salt to unload all but the Memnon, which was then sent on to Alexandria and London without him.

Anticipated by Shelley's poem Ozymandias, the head arrived in 1818 on  in Deptford. In London it acquired its name "The Younger Memnon", after the "Memnonianum" (the name in classical times for the Ramesseum – the two statues at the entrance of the mortuary temple of Amenhotep III were associated with Memnon in classical times – they are still known as the Colossi of Memnon –, and the British Museum sculpture and its pair seem to have either been mistaken for them or suffered a similar misnaming).

British Museum

It was later acquired from Salt in 1821 by the British Museum and was at first displayed in the old Townley Galleries (now demolished) for several years, then installed (using heavy ropes and lifting equipment and with help from the Royal Engineers) in 1834 in the new Egyptian Sculpture Gallery (now Room 4, where it now resides). The soldiers were commanded by
a Waterloo veteran, Major Charles Cornwallis Dansey, lame from a wound sustained there, who therefore sat whilst commanding them. On its arrival there, it could be said to be the first piece of Egyptian sculpture to be recognized as a work of art rather than a curiosity low down in the chain of art (with ancient Greek art at the pinnacle of this chain). It is museum number EA 19.  

In February 2010 the statue was featured as object 20 in A History of the World in 100 Objects, a BBC Radio 4 programme by British Museum director Neil MacGregor.
Question:
The 'Younger Memnon' statue of Ramesses II in the British Museum is thought to have inspired which famous poem of P. B. Shelley?
Answer:
Ozymandias
Passage:
K-K-K-Katy (1918) - YouTube
K-K-K-Katy (1918) - YouTube
K-K-K-Katy (1918)
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Published on Jul 26, 2016
A stammering love song sung by soldiers and sailors of WW1.
words and music by Geoffrey O'Hara
published Leo. Feist Inc., New York City
sung by sheet music singer Fred Feild
piano according to the sheet music
tempo = 110 bpm, moderato
1. Jimmy was a soldier brave and bold
Katy was a maid with hair of gold
Like an act of fate, Kate was standing at the gate
Watching all the boys on dress parade
Jimmy with the girls was just a gawk
Stuttered every time he tried to talk
Still that night at eight, he was there at Katy's gate
Stuttering to her this love sick cry
Chorus:
You're the only g-g-g-girl that I adore
When the m-m-m-moon shines, over the cowshed
I'll be waiting at the k-k-k-kitchen door
2. No one ever looked so nice and neat
No one could be just as cute and sweet
That's what Jimmy thought, when the wedding ring he bought
Now he's off to France the foe to meet
Jimmy thought he'd like to take a chance
See if he could make the Kaiser dance
Stepping to a tune, all about the silvery moon
This is what they hear in far off France
This light-hearted novelty song was written in Canada by a U.S. Army song leader. When the composer's sister got married, the sister of the groom inspired this song. Her name was Katherine "Katy" Craig Richardson. No one knows how the stuttering got into the song. It is an incidental feature included for comedy effect. The piano notes stutter, too, in the form of triplets. It was very popular during both World Wars as a good-bye song.
---------------------------------------------
More songs: Youtube sheet music singer
Category
Question:
"According to the old song, when will I ""be waiting at the k-k-kitchen door"" for ""K-K-Katy, beautiful Katy""?"
Answer:
The m-m-moon shines over the cowshed
Passage:
Bruce Tuckman
Bruce Wayne Tuckman  (1938-2016) carried out research into the theory of group dynamics. In 1965, he published one of his theories called "Tuckman's stages of group development". In 1977, he added a fifth stage named Adjourning. According to the Tuckman theory of group development, there are four phases of group development: Forming, Storming, Norming, Performing (and Adjourning, added in 1977). 

Tuckman was also known for his research on college students' procrastination and development of the Tuckman Procrastination Scale (1991).

He served as professor of educational psychology at The Ohio State University, where he founded and directed the Walter E. Dennis Learning Center with the mission of providing students of all backgrounds with strategies for college success that enabled them to enter, excel in, and complete programs of postsecondary education. To teach students strategies for succeeding in college, he co-authored the textbook, Learning and Motivation Strategies: Your Guide to Success, with Dennis A. Abry and Dennis R. Smith.

Educational background

*Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute: 1960 graduated with B.S. Psychology. Born in Surrey.
*Princeton University: 1962 graduated with M.A. Psychology
*Princeton University: 1963 graduated with Ph.D. Psychology
*In 1991 Tuckman researched and developed a 32-item Procrastination Scale that measured the degree to which a person procrastinated.
*Professor Tuckman was also an avid runner who wrote the novel Long Road to Boston.

Bibliography

* Tuckman, Bruce W. (1965) ‘Developmental sequence in small groups’, Psychological Bulletin, 63, 384-399. The article was reprinted in Group Facilitation: A Research and Applications Journal, Number 3, Spring 2001 and is available as a Word document: [http://dennislearningcenter.osu.edu/references/GROUP%20DEV%20ARTICLE.doc. Accessed January 14, 2005].
Question:
Bruce Tuckman's theory about team development uses what four sequential rhyming words to describe the four stages of a group's progression?
Answer:
Stages of small group development
Passage:
latin - Does the etymology of the word "government" mean ...
latin - Does the etymology of the word "government" mean "to control the mind"? - English Language & Usage Stack Exchange
14
 
Is this the same site that broke down "politics" as "poli-" meaning "of the people" and "tics" meaning "blood-sucking parasites"? –  Roger Mar 26 '14 at 18:04
1
Please include your own research in your question. :-) –  Kristina Lopez Mar 26 '14 at 18:21
2
@KristinaLopez Thanks, I did. –  Houseman Mar 26 '14 at 18:30
  
 
It seems to me that both are correct, but not in the sense you (or the conspiracy theorists) are thinking. Evidence suggests that it comes from Latin "mens" meaning "mind" but came to be used as "a general adverbial suffix" ( en.wiktionary.org/wiki/mens#Latin ). Etymologically speaking, it might help to frame it as "a group that is of a mind/disposition to govern/lead" rather than "a group that controls minds". –  Brian Lacy Mar 26 '14 at 22:13
3
 
If "-ment" always referred to the mind, then a replacement would be a brain transplant, punishment would be a headache, and an attachment would be a neural implant. –  tobyink Mar 26 '14 at 23:08
Question:
The English word Parliament derives from what foreign word-meaning?
Answer:
Speak (disambiguation)
Passage:
A Date with Judy
This article is about the American radio series. For the 1948 MGM film starring Wallace Beery, Jane Powell, and Elizabeth Taylor, see A Date with Judy (film).

A Date with Judy is a comedy radio series aimed at a teenage audience which ran  from 1941 to 1950. 

The show began as a summer replacement for Bob Hope's show,  sponsored by Pepsodent and airing on NBC from June 24 to September 16, 1941, with 14-year-old Ann Gillis in the title role. Mercedes McCambridge played Judy's girl friend. Dellie Ellis portrayed Judy Foster when the series returned the next summer (June 23 – September 15, 1942).

Louise Erickson, then 15, took over the role the following summer (June 30 – September 22, 1943) when the series, with Bristol Myers as its new sponsor, replaced The Eddie Cantor Show for the summer. Louise Erickson continued in the role of Judy over the next seven years as the series, sponsored by Tums, aired from January 18, 1944 to January 4, 1949. Ford Motors and Revere Cameras were the sponsors for the final season of the radio series on ABC from October 13, 1949 to May 25, 1950.  Richard Crenna costarred on the series.

The series was so popular CBS developed a rival program Meet Corliss Archer featuring Janet Waldo, which also enjoyed a long run and proved to be equally successful.

Film and television

As the popularity of the radio series peaked, Jane Powell starred as Judy in the 1948 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie A Date with Judy. Wallace Beery, Elizabeth Taylor, Robert Stack, and Carmen Miranda also headed the cast.

A television version of the show ran on ABC on Saturdays during daytime hours beginning on June 2, 1951.  It originally starred Pat Crowley as Judy. The series moved to prime time during the summer of 1952 and was brought back again midway through the 1952-53 season. The series ended its run on September 30, 1953. This version featured Mary Linn Beller as Judy, John Gibson and Flora Campbell as her parents, Peter Avramo as her brother, and Jimmy Sommer as her sort-of boyfriend Oogie.

Comic book

A Date with Judy also had a long run as a comic book based on the radio and TV series. It was published by National Periodical Publications from October–November 1947 to October–November 1960.  There were 79 issues.
Question:
What was the last name of Judy in radio's A Date With Judy series?
Answer:
Foster (disambiguation)
Passage:
Cocktail
When used to refer to any generic alcoholic mixed drink, cocktail may mean any beverage that contains three or more ingredients if at least one of those ingredients is alcohol.

Usage and related terms

When a mixed drink contains only a distilled spirit and a mixer, such as soda  or fruit juice, it is a highball; many of the International Bartenders Association Official Cocktails are highballs.  When a cocktail contains only a distilled spirit and a liqueur, it is a duo and when it adds a mixer, it is a trio. Additional ingredients may be sugar, honey, milk, cream, and  various herbs. 

Etymology

The origin of the word cocktail is disputed.

The first recorded use of cocktail not referring to a horse is found in The Morning Post and Gazetteer in London, England, March 20, 1798: 

Mr. Pitt,
two petit vers of “L’huile de Venus”
Ditto, one of “perfeit amour”
Ditto, “cock-tail” (vulgarly called ginger)

The Oxford English Dictionary cites the word as originating in the U.S. The first recorded use of cocktail as a beverage (possibly non-alcoholic) in the United States appears in The Farmer's Cabinet, April 28, 1803: 

The first definition of cocktail known to be an alcoholic beverage appeared in The Balance and Columbian Repository (Hudson, New York) May 13, 1806; editor Harry Croswell answered the question, "What is a cocktail?":

Anatoly Liberman endorses as "highly probable" the theory advanced by  Låftman (1946), which Liberman summarizes as follows: 

Several authors have theorized that cocktail may be a corruption of cock ale.   

In his Imbibe! (2007) David Wondrich also speculates that cocktail is a reference a practice for perking up an old horse by means of a ginger suppository so that the animal would "cock its tail up and be frisky." 

Development

There is a lack of clarity on the origins of cocktails.  Traditionally cocktails were a mixture of spirits, sugar, water, and bitters.  But by the 1860s, a cocktail frequently included a liqueur.  

The first publication of a bartenders' guide which included cocktail recipes was in 1862 — How to Mix Drinks; or, The Bon Vivant's Companion, by "Professor" Jerry Thomas. In addition to recipes for punches, sours, slings, cobblers, shrubs, toddies, flips, and a variety of other mixed drinks were 10 recipes for "cocktails". A key ingredient differentiating cocktails from other drinks in this compendium was the use of bitters. Mixed drinks popular today that conform to this original meaning of "cocktail" include the Old Fashioned whiskey cocktail, the Sazerac cocktail, and the Manhattan cocktail.  

The ingredients listed (spirits, sugar, water, and bitters) match the ingredients of an Old Fashioned,  which originated as a term used by late 19th century bar patrons to distinguish cocktails made the  “old-fashioned” way from newer, more complex cocktails. 

The term highball appears during the 1890s to distinguish a drink composed only of a distilled spirit and a mixer. 

The first "cocktail party" ever thrown was allegedly by Mrs. Julius S. Walsh Jr. of St. Louis, Missouri, in May 1917. Mrs. Walsh invited 50 guests to her home at noon on a Sunday. The party lasted an hour, until lunch was served at 1 pm. The site of this first cocktail party still stands. In 1924, the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis bought the Walsh mansion at 4510 Lindell Boulevard, and it has served as the local archbishop's residence ever since. 

During Prohibition in the United States (1919–1933), when alcoholic beverages were illegal, cocktails were still consumed illegally in establishments known as speakeasies. The quality of liquor available during Prohibition was much worse than previously.
 There was a shift from whiskey to gin, which does not require aging and is therefore easier to produce illicitly.   Honey, fruit juices, and other flavorings served to mask the foul taste of the inferior liquors. Sweet cocktails were easier to drink quickly, an important consideration when the establishment might be raided at any moment.

Cocktails became less popular in the late 1960s and through the 1970s, until resurging in the 1980s with vodka often substituting the original gin in drinks such as the martini. Traditional cocktails began to make a comeback in the 2000s,  and by the mid-2000s there was a renaissance of cocktail culture in a style typically referred to as mixology that draws on traditional cocktails for inspiration but utilizes novel ingredients and often complex flavors.
Question:
What cocktail consists of 5 parts Rye Whiskey, 2 parts Sweet Red Vermouth, a dash of Angostura Bitters, and garnished with a Maraschino Cherry?
Answer:
Manhattan, New York (state)
Passage:
Bedroom in Arles
Bedroom in Arles (; ) is the title given to each of three similar paintings by 19th-century Dutch Post-Impressionist painter Vincent van Gogh.

Van Gogh's own title for this composition was simply The Bedroom (French: La Chambre à coucher). There are three authentic versions described in his letters, easily discernible from one another by the pictures on the wall to the right.

The painting depicts Van Gogh's bedroom at 2, Place Lamartine in Arles, Bouches-du-Rhône, France, known as his Yellow House. The door to the right opened on to the upper floor and the staircase; the door to the left was that of the guest room he held prepared for Gauguin; the window in the front wall looked on to Place Lamartine and its public gardens.
This room was not rectangular but trapezoid with an obtuse angle in the left hand corner of the front wall and an acute angle at the right.  Van Gogh evidently did not spend much time on this problem, he simply indicated that there was a corner, somehow.

First version

Van Gogh started the first version during mid October 1888 while staying in Arles, and explained his aims and means to his brother Theo:
"This time it simply reproduces my bedroom; but colour must be abundant in this part, its simplification adding a rank of grandee to the style applied to the objects, getting to suggest a certain rest or dream. Well, I have thought that on watching the composition we stop thinking and imagining. I have painted the walls pale violet. The ground with checked material. The wooden bed and the chairs, yellow like fresh butter; the sheet and the pillows, lemon light green. The bedspread, scarlet coloured. The window, green. The washbasin, orangey; the tank, blue. The doors, lilac. And, that is all. There is not anything else in this room with closed shutters. The square pieces of furniture must express unswerving rest; also the portraits on the wall, the mirror, the bottle, and some costumes. The white colour has not been applied to the picture, so its frame will be white, aimed to get me even with the compulsory rest recommended for me. I have depicted no type of shade or shadow; I have only applied simple plain colours, like those in crêpes." 
Van Gogh included sketches of the composition in this letter as well as in a letter to Gauguin, written slightly later.  In the letter, Van Gogh explained that the painting had come out of a sickness that left him bedridden for days.  This version has on the wall to the right miniatures of Van Gogh's portraits of his friends Eugène Boch and Paul-Eugène Milliet. 
The portrait of Eugène Boch is called The Poet and the portrait of Paul Eugène Milliet is called The Lover.  

Second version

In April 1889, Van Gogh sent the initial version to his brother regretting that it had been damaged by the flood of the Rhône while he was interned at the Old Hospital in Arles. Theo proposed to have it relined and sent back to him in order to copy it. This "repetition" in original scale (Van Gogh's term was "répetition") was executed in September 1889. Both paintings were then sent back to Theo.   

Third version

When Van Gogh finally, in summer 1889, decided to redo some of his "best" compositions in smaller size (the term he used was réductions) for his mother and sister Wil, The Bedroom was amongst the subjects he chose.  These réductions, finished late in September 1889, are not exact copies.

In The Bedroom the miniature portrait to the left recalls Van Gogh's "Peasant of Zundert"-Selfportrait. The one to the right cannot be linked convincingly to any existing painting by Van Gogh.

Provenance

*The first version never left the artist's estate. Since 1962, it is in the possession of the Vincent van Gogh Foundation, established by Vincent Willem van Gogh, the artist's nephew, and on permanent loan to the Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam.
*The second version has, since 1926, been the possession of the Art Institute of Chicago as part of the Helen Birch Bartlett Memorial Collection.
*The third version, formerly in the possession of Van Gogh's sister Wil and later acquired by Prince Matsukata, entered the French national collections in 1959, following the French-Japanese peace settlement, and is on permanent display in the Musée d'Orsay, Paris.
*All three versions of the Bedroom were brought together for the very first time in North America, at the Art Institute of Chicago in 2016.

Notes
Question:
Also in the Musée d’Orsay, who painted Bedroom in Arles in the 1880s?
Answer:
Vincent Willem Van Gogh
Passage:
Sliced bread
Sliced bread is a loaf of bread that has been sliced with a machine and packaged for convenience. It was first sold in 1928, advertised as "the greatest forward step in the baking industry since bread was wrapped".  This led to the popular phrase, "greatest thing since sliced bread".

History

Otto Frederick Rohwedder of Davenport, Iowa, United States invented the first loaf-at-a-time bread-slicing machine. A prototype he built in 1912 was destroyed in a fire and it was not until 1928 that Rohwedder had a fully working machine ready. The first commercial use of the machine was by the Chillicothe Baking Company of Chillicothe, Missouri, which produced their first slices on July 7, 1928.  Their product, "Kleen Maid Sliced Bread", proved a success. Battle Creek, Michigan has a competing claim as the first city to sell bread sliced by Rohwedder's machine; however, historians have produced no documentation backing up Battle Creek's claim.  The bread was advertised as "the greatest forward step in the baking industry since bread was wrapped."

St. Louis baker Gustav Papendick bought Rohwedder's second bread slicer and set out to improve it by devising a way to keep the slices together at least long enough to allow the loaves to be wrapped.  After failures trying rubber bands and metal pins, he settled on placing the slices into a cardboard tray. The tray aligned the slices, allowing mechanized wrapping machines to function. 

W.E. Long, who promoted the Holsum Bread brand, used by various independent bakers around the country, pioneered and promoted the packaging of sliced bread beginning in 1928.  In 1930 Wonder Bread, first sold in 1925, started marketing sliced bread nationwide.

Effects

As commercially sliced bread resulted in uniform and somewhat thinner slices, people ate more slices of bread at a time, and ate bread more frequently, because of the ease of eating another piece of bread. This increased consumption of bread and, in turn, increased consumption of spreads, such as jam, to put on the bread.

1943 U.S. ban on sliced bread

During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure.   The ban was ordered by Claude R. Wickard who held the position of Food Administrator, and took effect on January 18, 1943. According to the New York Times, officials explained that "the ready-sliced loaf must have a heavier wrapping than an unsliced one if it is not to dry out." It was also intended to counteract a rise in the price of bread, caused by the Office of Price Administration's authorization of a ten percent increase in flour prices. ban took effect Jan 18; explained as paper-saving due to ready-sliced loafs needing heavier wrapping; also explained as cost-cutting measure; unpopularity of measure; rescinded March 8; "four month's supply" of wax paper in the hands of bakers.

In a Sunday radio address on January 24, New York City Mayor LaGuardia suggested that bakeries that had their own bread-slicing machines should be allowed to continue to use them, and on January 26, 1943, a letter appeared in the New York Times from a distraught housewife:
I should like to let you know how important sliced bread is to the morale and saneness of a household. My husband and four children are all in a rush during and after breakfast. Without ready-sliced bread I must do the slicing for toast—two pieces for each one—that's ten. For their lunches I must cut by hand at least twenty slices, for two sandwiches apiece. Afterward I make my own toast. Twenty-two slices of bread to be cut in a hurry! 

On January 26, however, John F. Conaboy, the New York Area Supervisor of the Food Distribution Administration, warned bakeries, delicatessens, and other stores that were continuing to slice bread to stop, saying that "to protect the cooperating bakeries against the unfair competition of those who continue to slice their own bread... we are prepared to take stern measures if necessary."

On March 8, 1943, the ban was rescinded. Wickard stated that "Our experience with the order, however, leads us to believe that the savings are not as much as we expected, and the War Production Board tells us that sufficient wax paper to wrap sliced bread for four months is in the hands of paper processor and the baking industry."

Around the world

Due to its convenience, sliced bread is popular in many parts of the world, and the usual thickness varies by company and country:

* In Britain, sliced bread is sold as either "Extra Thick", "Thick", "Medium" or "Thin" varying across the 5-20mm range. 
* In Ireland, the most popular bread type is known as "sliced pan",  sold in 800- or 400-gram loaves, wrapped in wax paper, with the slices conveniently sized for making sandwiches and toast. 
* In Japan, the same half-loaf of bread is labeled by the number of slices  (usually 4, 5, or 6, and occasionally 8 or 10). Thin sliced crustless "sandwich bread" is also sold in Japan, since regular 4-6 slice bread is deemed too thick. 
* In Canada and the United States, Texas toast is a type of packaged bread which is sliced at double the typical thickness of most sliced breads.

In popular culture

The phrase "the greatest thing since sliced bread" is a common hyperbole used to praise an invention or development. A writer for The Kansas City Star wrote that "the phrase is the ultimate depiction of innovative achievement and American know-how." 

In 1940, a form of bread consisting of two wrapped half-loaves was advertised as the "greatest convenience since sliced bread".
Question:
"Sliced bread, advertised as ""the greatest forward step in the baking industry since bread was wrapped"", was first sold when?"
Answer:
1928
Passage:
Cannonball Adderley
Julian Edwin "Cannonball" Adderley (September 15, 1928 – August 8, 1975) was a jazz alto saxophonist of the hard bop era of the 1950s and 1960s.   

Adderley is remembered for his 1966 single "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy", a crossover hit on the pop charts, and for his work with trumpeter Miles Davis, including on the epochal album Kind of Blue (1959). He was the brother of jazz cornetist Nat Adderley, a longtime member of his band.

Early life and career

Originally from Tampa, Florida, Adderley moved to New York in 1955.  His nickname derived from "cannibal", a title imposed on him by high school colleagues as a tribute to his voracious appetite. 

Cannonball moved to Tallahassee, when his parents obtained teaching positions at Florida A&M University.  Both Cannonball and brother Nat played with Ray Charles when Charles lived in Tallahassee during the early 1940s.  Adderley moved to Broward County, Florida, in 1948 after finishing his music studies at Tallahassee and became the band director at Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale, a position which he held until 1950. Cannonball was a local legend in Southeast Florida until he moved to New York City in 1955.

One of his known addresses in New York was in the neighborhood of Corona, Queens.  He left Florida originally to seek graduate studies at New York conservatories, but one night in 1955 he brought his saxophone with him to the Café Bohemia. Asked to sit in with Oscar Pettiford in place of his band's regular saxophonist, who was late for the gig, the "buzz" on the New York jazz scene after Adderley's performance announced him as the heir to the mantle of Charlie Parker.

Adderley formed his own group with his brother Nat after signing onto the Savoy jazz label in 1957.  He was noticed by Miles Davis, and it was because of his blues-rooted alto saxophone that Davis asked him to play with his group. He joined the Davis band in October of 1957, three months prior to the return of John Coltrane to the group. Adderley played on the seminal Davis records Milestones and Kind of Blue.  This period also overlapped with pianist Bill Evans' time with the sextet, an association that led to recording Portrait of Cannonball and Know What I Mean?.

His interest as an educator carried over to his recordings. In 1961, Cannonball narrated The Child's Introduction to Jazz, released on Riverside Records.

Band leader

The Cannonball Adderley Quintet featured Cannonball on alto sax and his brother Nat Adderley on cornet. Cannonball's first quintet was not very successful;  however, after leaving Davis' group, he formed another, again with his brother, which enjoyed more success.

The new quintet, which later became the Cannonball Adderley Sextet, and Cannonball's other combos and groups, included such noted musicians as saxophonists Charles Lloyd and Yusef Lateef, pianists Bobby Timmons, Victor Feldman, Joe Zawinul, Hal Galper, Michael Wolff, and George Duke, bassists Ray Brown, Sam Jones, Walter Booker, and Victor Gaskin, and drummers Louis Hayes and Roy McCurdy.

Later life

By the end of the 1960s, Adderley's playing began to reflect the influence of the electric jazz, avant-garde, and Davis's experiments on the album Bitches Brew. On his albums from this period, such as Accent on Africa (1968) and The Price You Got to Pay to Be Free (1970), he began doubling on soprano saxophone, showing the influence of Coltrane and Wayne Shorter. In that same year, his quintet appeared at the Monterey Jazz Festival in California, and a brief scene of that performance was featured in the 1971 psychological thriller Play Misty for Me, starring Clint Eastwood. In 1975 he also appeared in an acting role alongside José Feliciano and David Carradine in the episode "Battle Hymn" in the third season of the TV series Kung Fu. 

Songs made famous by Adderley and his bands include "This Here" (written by Bobby Timmons), "The Jive Samba", "Work Song" (written by Nat Adderley), "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy" (written by Joe Zawinul) and "Walk Tall"  (written by Zawinul, Marrow, and Rein). A cover version of Pops Staples' "Why (Am I Treated So Bad)?" also entered the charts. His instrumental "Sack o' Woe" was covered by Manfred Mann on their debut album.

He had a cerebral hemorrhage and four weeks later, on August 9, 1975, he died at St. Mary Methodist Hospital in Gary, Indiana. He was 46 years old.  He was buried in the Southside Cemetery, Tallahassee.

Legacy

Later that year he was inducted into the Down Beat Jazz Hall of Fame. Joe Zawinul's composition "Cannon Ball" on Black Market is a tribute to his former leader. Pepper Adams and George Mraz dedicated the composition "Julian" on the 1975 Pepper Adams album of the same name days after Cannonball's death. 

Adderley was initiated as an honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity (Gamma Theta chapter, University of North Texas, '60, & Xi Omega chapter, Frostburg State University, '70) and Alpha Phi Alpha (Beta Nu chapter, Florida A&M University).

Discography
Question:
What were the first two names of 'Cannonball' Adderley?
Answer:
Julian Edwin
Passage:
Brain of Britain
Brain of Britain is a BBC radio general knowledge quiz, broadcast on BBC Radio 4.

History

It began as a slot in What Do You Know? in 1953 before becoming a programme in its own right in 1967. It was chaired by Franklin Engelmann until his death in 1972.

Format

Four contestants compete on each programme, in alphabetical order by surname. To begin the competition, the first contestant is asked a question; a correct answer within 10 seconds awards one point and control for the next question. An incorrect answer at any point ends the contestant's turn, and the question is offered to the others a toss-up via silent buzzer. Regardless of who answers correctly, control then passes to the contestant after the one who initially missed it. If a contestant correctly answers five questions in a row, one bonus point is awarded and control passes to the next contestant. Each contestant is also asked one question based on a sound clip.

The contestant with the most points at the end of the programme wins. If there is a tie for high score, the contestant with the most bonus points (for five-in-a-row and correct answers on questions missed by others) is the winner. If the tied contestants are still level in this respect, the first to correctly answer a toss-up question wins.

The competition is normally split into a series of 12 heats, with the winners of these heats and the four highest scoring runners-up entering the four semi-finals. The winners of these semi-finals make it to the grand final, and the winner of the grand final becomes champion. In the 2015 contest, the fifth highest scoring runner-up qualified after the death of one of the heat winners.  In the 2016 contest, five runners-up ended with the same high score. To decide which four went through to the semi-finals, a play-off took place that was not broadcast. 

The show also features "Beat The Brains," a segment in which two questions submitted by a listener are read. The submitter wins a book token if the contestants are unable to answer at least one question. At one point, the prize was a Brain of Britain quiz book, but was replaced by the book token when the book was out of print.

Host

Brain of Britain was hosted by Robert Robinson for most of its life, although during his illness the 2004 series was hosted by Russell Davies. Peter Snow took over the role in 2007, also due to the illness of Robinson, dispensing with Robinson's trademark style of addressing contestants by their honorific and surname (e.g. 'Mr Blenkinsop'), preferring to use their given names. Robinson was reinstated for the autumn 2008 series, and formality returned to the proceedings; Davies hosted the show again in 2009, with the intention that Robinson would again return when his health permitted. Robinson formally retired from the show in 2010, and died in August 2011, and Davies continues as host.

Question creation

Until 2007, all questions were set by one individual, who was present (but silent) during recordings. The host would consult the setter, traditionally known by a pseudonym, to adjudicate when an answer was imprecise. For many years Ian Gillies fulfilled the role, taking the name Mycroft (from Mycroft Holmes, older and wiser brother of Sherlock). After his death in April 2002, the new question setter was Kevin Ashman, who has the distinction of winning both Brain of Britain and Mastermind. He chose to be known as Jorkins, a character in Dickens' David Copperfield. From the 2007 series a team of setters was engaged, as is the practice in most other quiz shows.

Theme music

For much of its life the theme music of Brain of Britain was the opening of the fourth movement of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik, but in a 'modernised' version by Waldo de los Ríos. This choice was the subject of frequent complaints from classical music fans (with whom the show was popular) and presenter Robert Robinson described it on air as "Mozart plus sacrilege". The theme was changed to a more conventional version in the early 1990s.

Championship

Every three years, the three most recent champions compete for the Brain of Brains title, most recently held in 2014 and won by Mark Grant. Every nine years, the three most recent Brain of Brains winners compete for the Top Brain title; Mark Bytheway is the most recent winner, from 2008.

Record score

The record individual score on a programme is 38 by Kevin Ashman (who went on to become five times World Quizzing Champion, also holds the record for the highest ever score on Mastermind, became Brain of Britain question setter and one of the Eggheads) in 1996. The record individual score in a final is 35, achieved by Peter Barlow (1981), Peter Bates (1984) and Kevin Ashman (1996).

Broadcast

Brain of Britain was also broadcast on BBC World Service for many years; in fact, talk show host David Letterman was a fan of the show, and invited 1993 winner Geoffrey Colton to appear on his talk show. However, some World Service broadcasts had cuts in them to fit the show as well as a news bulletin into the time slot, resulting in some apparent rules irregularities (for example, a contestant would be asked a question and give a correct answer, and then the next question would go to another contestant without it being the first contestant's fifth consecutive correct answer).

Series champions

'* - also won the 3-yearly competition to find the "Brain of Brains"

'** - also won the 9-yearly competition to find the "Top Brain"
Question:
For many years, Ian Gilles, a former winner of radio's 'Brain of Britain', was question setter for the series. He adopted which name that is associated with Sherlock Holmes?
Answer:
MYCROFT
Passage:
Blarney Stone
The Blarney Stone () is a block of Carboniferous limestone  built into the battlements of Blarney Castle, Blarney, about 8 km from Cork, Ireland. According to legend, kissing the stone endows the kisser with the gift of the gab (great eloquence or skill at flattery). The stone was set into a tower of the castle in 1446. The castle is a popular tourist site in Ireland, attracting visitors from all over the world to kiss the stone and tour the castle and its gardens.

The word blarney has come to mean "clever, flattering, or coaxing talk". Irish politician John O'Connor Power defined it this way: "Blarney is something more than mere flattery. It is flattery sweetened by humour and flavoured by wit. Those who mix with Irish folk have many examples of it in their everyday experience." 

Origins

An early story involves the goddess Clíodhna.   Cormac Laidir McCarthy, the builder of Blarney Castle,  being involved in a lawsuit, appealed to Clíodhna for her assistance. She told McCarthy to kiss the first stone he found in the morning on his way to court, and he did so, with the result that he pleaded his case with great eloquence and won. Thus the Blarney Stone is said to impart "the ability to deceive without offending." MacCarthy then incorporated it into the parapet of the castle. 

The proprietors of Blarney Castle list several other explanations of the origins of the stone on their website. Many of these suppose that the stone had previously been in Ireland, was taken to Scotland and then returned to Ireland in 1314. The stories listed include one suggesting that the stone was presented to Cormac McCarthy by Robert the Bruce in 1314 in recognition of his support in the Battle of Bannockburn. This legend holds that this was a piece of the Stone of Scone and was installed at McCarthy's castle of Blarney.   Although colourful, this folk legend does not account for the fact that it supposes that the stone was removed from Scotland 18 years before Bannockburn, and modern analysis suggests that the stone is not related to the Stone of Scone.

Ritual

The ritual of kissing the Blarney Stone, according to the castle's proprietors, has been performed by "millions of people", including "world statesmen, literary giants [and] legends of the silver screen". The kiss, however, is not casually achieved. To touch the stone with one's lips, the participant must ascend to the castle's peak, then lean over backwards on the parapet's edge. This is traditionally achieved with the help of an assistant. Although the parapet is now fitted with wrought-iron guide rails and protective crossbars, the ritual can still trigger attacks of acrophobia, an extreme or irrational fear of heights.

Before the safeguards were installed, the kiss was performed with real risk to life and limb, as participants were grasped by the ankles and dangled bodily from the height.  In the Sherlock Holmes radio dramatisation "The Adventure of the Blarney Stone" (first broadcast on 18 March 1946), a man attempting to kiss the Blarney Stone falls to his death. Holmes' investigation reveals this as a murder, the man's boots having been surreptitiously greased before the attempt.

William Henry Hurlbert wrote in 1888 that the legend of the stone seemed to be less than a hundred years old at that time, suggesting the tradition began late in the 18th century.  The legend of the Blarney Stone was described in A classical dictionary of the vulgar tongue by Francis Grose, printed 1785. 

Legend

It is claimed that the synonymy of "blarney" with "empty flattery" or "beguiling talk" derives from one of two sources. One story involves the goddess Clíodhna and Cormac Laidir MacCarthy (see "Origins" above). Another legend suggests that Queen Elizabeth I requested Cormac Teige McCarthy, the Lord of Blarney, be deprived of his traditional land rights. Cormac travelled to see the queen, but was certain he would not persuade her to change her mind as he wasn't an effective speaker. He met an old woman on the way who told him that anyone who kissed a particular stone in Blarney Castle would be given the gift of eloquent speech. Cormac went on to persuade the queen that he should not be deprived of his land. 

Echoing the supposed power of the stone, an Irish bard of the early 19th century, Francis Sylvester Mahony, added a number of (humorous) lines to Richard Alfred Millikin's "The Groves of Blarney" (right).

According to tradition at Texas Tech University, a stone fragment on display since 1939 outside the old Electrical Engineering Building is a missing piece of the Blarney Stone., also cited in How this was determined is unknown.
Question:
The Blarney Stone is in which county of the Republic of Ireland?
Answer:
Cork (disambiguation)
Passage:
Cloud cuckoo land
Cloud Cuckoo Land refers to a state of absurdly over-optimistic fantasy or an unrealistically idealistic state where everything is perfect. Someone who is said to "live in cloud cuckoo land" is a person who thinks that things that are completely impossible might happen, rather than understanding how things really are.  It also hints that the person referred to is naïve, unaware of realities or deranged in holding such an optimistic belief.

Cockaigne, the land of plenty in medieval myth, can be referred to as the modern day cloud cuckoo land. It was an imaginary place of extreme luxury and ease where physical comforts and pleasures were always immediately at hand and where the harshness of medieval peasant life did not exist.

Literary sources

Aristophanes, a Greek playwright, wrote and directed a drama The Birds, first performed in 414 BC, in which Pisthetaerus, a middle-aged Athenian persuades the world's birds to create a new city in the sky to be named Nubicuculia or Cloud Cuckoo Land  (, '), thereby gaining control over all communications between men and gods.

The German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer used the word (German ') in his publication On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason in 1813,  as well as later in his main work The World as Will and Representation  and in other places. Here, he gave it its figurative sense by reproaching other philosophers for only talking about Cloud-cuckoo-land.

The German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche refers to the term in his essay "On Truth and Lying in a Nonmoral Sense."

Author Edward Crankshaw used the term when discussing the Deak-Andrassy Plan of 1867 in his 1963 book The Fall of the House of Habsburg (Chapter 13, "The Iron Ring of Fate").

Uses in politics

* Margaret Thatcher famously used this phrase in the 1980s: "The ANC is a typical terrorist organisation... Anyone who thinks it is going to run the government in South Africa is living in cloud-cuckoo land." 
* Bernard Ingham, Margaret Thatcher's spokesman, who, when asked if the ANC might overthrow the white government of South Africa by force, replied: "It is cloud-cuckoo land for anyone to believe that could be done". 
* Ann Widdecombe, British MP used the phrase in a debate on drug prohibition with a representative of Transform Drug Policy Foundation: "...it is cloud cuckoo land to suggest that [people who don't currently use heroin would not start using it if it became legal]". 
* Newt Gingrich referred to Barack Obama's claim that algae could be used as a fuel source as cloud cuckoo land. 
* Paul Krugman used the phrase referring to inadequate German economic politics toward failing members of the European Union: "Basically, it seems that even as the euro approaches a critical juncture, senior German officials are living in Wolkenkuckucksheim—cloud-cuckoo land." (June 9, 2012). 
* Imran Khan, a sportsman turned politician from Pakistan is said to be living in Cloud Cuckoo Land. With less than one third majority in parliament he claims to be PM and complains of alleged rigging against him in 2013 polls. A Judicial Commission of Supreme Court Judges has turned down all his allegations. He is not even the leader of opposition.  
* Henry A. Wallace, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture  (later U.S. Vice President in Franklin D. Roosevelt's third term) used the term to describe the unrealistically inflated value of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange just before the crash of 1929 that signaled the onset of the Great Depression. In his 1936 book, Whose Constitution? An Inquiry into the General Welfare, Wallace describes a cartoon in a popular weekly magazine which "pictured an airplane in an endurance flight refueling in mid-air, and made fun of the old fashioned economist down below who was saying it couldn't be done. The economic aeroplane was to keep on gaining elevation indefinitely, with the millennium just around a cloud" (p. 75). Wallace wrote that Wall Street's practice of lending money to Europe after World War I "to pay interest on the [war reparations] debts she owed us and to buy the products we wanted to sell her ... was the international refueling device that for 12 years kept our economic aeroplane above the towering peaks of our credit structure and the massive wall of our tariff, in Cloud-Cuckoo Land".
*Yuri N. Maltsev, an Austrian economist and economic historian,  uses the term to describe the lack of promised results in the communists sates in his forward to 1920 essay by Ludwig von Mises: "Today, the disastrous consequences of enforcing the utopia on the unfortunate populations of the communist states are clear even to their leaders. As Mises predicted, despite the cloud-cuckoo lands of their fancy, roasted pigeons failed to fly into the mouths of the comrades." 

Other uses

* Cloudcuckooland, a poetry collection by Simon Armitage.
* Cloudcuckooland, the first album by the Lightning Seeds, released in 1990.
* Cloud Cuckooland is the name of the eighth world found in the video game Banjo-Tooie.
* Cloud Cuckoo Land is the name of a city featured in The Lego Movie.
*Radiohead uses the term in the lyrics of their song Like Spinning Plates.
Question:
Which group released the albums; 'Cloud Cuckoo Land' and 'Sense And Jollification'?
Answer:
Lightning Seeds
