Passage:
Follow the Sun (film)
Follow the Sun is a 1951 biographical film of the life of golf legend Ben Hogan. It stars Glenn Ford as Hogan and Anne Baxter as his wife. Many golfers and sports figures of the day appear in the movie.

Plot summary

In Fort Worth, Texas, Ben Hogan (Glenn Ford) works as a golf caddy to help support his family. He romances and marries Valerie Fox (Anne Baxter), then with her support, decides to become a professional golfer. At first, Hogan has little success, but he gradually improves. Meanwhile, the Hogans become friends with Chuck Williams (Dennis O'Keefe), a popular fellow pro.

After serving in the military for World War II, Hogan returns to golfing and eventually becomes a top player. However, he has acquired an image of a robotic, cold competitor.

After winning a tournament (beating Williams), Hogan is very seriously injured in a car accident. Doctors hold out little hope for him walking, let alone golfing again. During his convalescence, Hogan is amazed to by the outpouring of regard from his fans. Through sheer determination, he recovers and goes on to become one of the great golfers of his time.

Cast

* Glenn Ford ...  Ben Hogan 
* Anne Baxter ...  Valerie Hogan 
* Dennis O'Keefe ...  Chuck Williams 
* June Havoc ...  Norma Williams
* Larry Keating ...  Sportswriter Jay Dexter 
* Roland Winters ...  Dr. Graham 
* Nana Bryant ...  Sister Beatrice 
* Harold Blake ...  Ben Hogan, Age 14 
* Ann Burr ...  Valerie, Age 14  
* Jimmy Demaret ...  Himself 
* Cary Middlecoff ...  Himself  
* Grantland Rice ...  Himself, Toastmaster  
* Sam Snead ...  Himself

Radio adaptation

Follow the Sun was presented on Lux Radio Theatre March 10, 1952. The one-hour adaptation starred Anne Baxter and Gary Merrill.
Question:
Which sport is featured in the 1951 film, Follow The Sun?
Answer:
Scramble (golf)
Passage:
Helen Sharman
Dr Helen Patricia Sharman OBE FRSC (born 30 May 1963) is a British chemist who became the first British astronaut and the first woman to visit the Mir space station in 1991.

Sharman was born in Grenoside, Sheffield, where she attended Grenoside Junior and Infant School, later moving to Greenhill. After studying at Jordanthorpe Comprehensive, she received a BSc in chemistry at the University of Sheffield in 1984 and a PhD from Birkbeck, University of London. She worked as a research and development technologist for GEC in London and later as a chemist for Mars Incorporated dealing with flavourant properties of chocolate.

Project Juno 

After responding to a radio advertisement asking for applicants to be the first British astronaut, Helen Sharman was selected for the mission live on ITV, on 25 November 1989, ahead of nearly 13,000 other applicants.   The programme was known as Project Juno and was a cooperative Soviet Union–British mission co-sponsored by a group of British companies. 

Sharman was selected in a process that gave weight to scientific, educational and aerospace backgrounds as well as the ability to learn a foreign language.  A lottery was one of several schemes used to raise money to underwrite the cost of the flight.

Before flying, Sharman spent 18 months in intensive flight training in Star City. The Project Juno consortium failed to raise the monies expected, and the programme was almost cancelled. With a view towards the flight's impact on international relations, the project proceeded under Soviet expense although as a cost-saving measure, less expensive experiments were substituted for those in the original plans. 

The Soyuz TM-12 mission, which included Soviet cosmonauts Anatoly Artsebarsky and Sergei Krikalev, launched on 18 May 1991  and lasted eight days, most of that time spent at the Mir space station. Sharman's tasks included medical and agricultural tests,  photographing the British Isles, and participating in an unlicensed amateur radio hookup with British schoolchildren. She landed aboard Soyuz TM-11 on 26 May 1991, along with Viktor Afanasyev and Musa Manarov.

Sharman was 27 years and 11 months old when she went into space, making her () the sixth youngest of the 545 individuals who have flown in space.  Sharman has not returned to space, although she was one of three British candidates in the 1992 European Space Agency astronaut selection process and was on the shortlist of 25 applicants in 1998.

For her Project Juno accomplishments, Sharman received a star on the Sheffield Walk of Fame. 

Later career

Sharman spent the eight  years following her mission to Mir self-employed, communicating science to the public. Her autobiography, Seize the Moment, was published in 1993.  In 1997 she published a children's book, The Space Place.  She has presented radio and television programmes including for BBC Schools.  

By 2011, she was working at the National  Physical  Laboratory as Group Leader of the Surface and Nanoanalysis  Group. Sharman became Operations Manager for the Department of Chemistry at Imperial College London in 2015.   She still does outreach activities related to chemistry and her spaceflight, and was recently awarded an Honorary Fellowship from the British Science Association. 

Awards and honours

In 1991, she was chosen to light the flame at the 1991 Summer Universiade, held in Sheffield. On live international television, she tripped while running through the infield of Don Valley Stadium, sending the burning embers onto the track. Encouraged to continue her run, without any flame from the torch, she proceeded round the track and climbed to the ceremonial flame. Despite the lack of any fire from the torch the ceremonial flame still ignited. 

For her pioneering efforts, Sharman was appointed an OBE in 1993, and the same year an honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry. 

The British School in Assen, Netherlands is named the Helen Sharman School after her. In addition there is a house named after her at Wallington High School for Girls, a grammar school in the London Borough of Sutton, where each house is named after a high achieving and influential woman. The science block of BullersWood school, Chislehurst, Kent was opened by Sharman in 1994 and is called Sharman House. There is also a house named after her at Rugby High School for Girls a girls grammar school where houses are named after four influential women, and a Sharman house at Moorlands School, Leeds where houses are named after inspiring people from Yorkshire.

Additionally, a residential development in Stafford in the West Midlands of England has a street named Helen Sharman Drive in her honour

She has received a number of honorary degrees from UK universities, including:

Bibliography

*Bums on Seats: How to Publicise Your Show (A & C Black, 1992. ISBN 978-0713636628)
*Seize the Moment: Autobiography of Britain's First Astronaut, autobiography, with Christopher Priest and a foreword by Arthur C. Clarke (London : Gollancz, 1993 – ISBN 0-575-05819-6)
*The Space Place (Making Sense of Science), children's book, illustrated by Mic Rolph (Portland Press, 1997. ISBN 1-85578-092-5)
Question:
In which year did the following events occur; Helen Sharman became the first Briton in space, Tim Berners-Lee established the first website and Robert Maxwell died?
Answer:
1991
Passage:
Appendix:Glossary of surfing - Wiktionary
Appendix:Glossary of surfing - Wiktionary
Appendix:Glossary of surfing
This page describes jargon , slang and technical terms related to surfing and surf culture .
Wikipedia has articles on:
Wikipedia Wikipedia
Contents:
beach bunny [ edit ]
A general American popular culture term for a young woman .who spends her free time at the beach. In surf culture it may also refer to a female surfer. Beach bunnies are known for the amount of time they spend sun tanning and are usually represented wearing bikinis," see w:Muscle Beach Party and w:Gidget .
The lowest section of the face of an unbroken wave.
The lower surface of a surfboard.
caught inside [ edit ]
When a surfer is on the "inside" and trapped between the shoreline and breaking waves. Oncoming waves can make paddling back outside difficult, hence being "caught" in an undesirable position. This usually means the surfer will have to wait for a lull between the larger breaking waves for a chance to slip into clear water.
Caught Inside is also a 1996 book by Daniel Duane about his surfing experiences ( ISBN 0-86547-494-X ).
Design feature of a surfboard to guide water along its underside.
A trench between sand banks or reefs. Often associated with a strong current.
cutback [ edit ]
A classic surfing move used to change direction when streaking ahead of the curl of a wave with a powerful turn back towards the breaking part of the wave (white water). Cutbacks are an important element in surfing as the maneuver repositions the surfer closer to the power of the wave. See also Roundhouse cutback.
Slang for lying down on the board while riding a wave. Derogatory term applied to those who are not good enough to stand up yet.
body boarder
down-the-line [ edit ]
A reference to the direction further along the crest of a wave from the location from where a surfer drops into the wave. The direction toward which the surfer is riding. Waves can also be described as "down-the-line" when the wall is long and fast.
Eddie would go [ edit ]
A reference to legendary waterman Eddie Aikau renowned for taking on waves others would shy away from. Eddie went to paddle for help when the Hawaiian ocean voyaging canoe Hokule'a ran into trouble off the Hawaiian island of Kaho'olawe, and was never seen again. This phrase is often seen on bumper stickers throughout Hawai'i.
jacking [ edit ]
A wave condition in which a swell rises very quickly as it passes from deeper water to shallow water. A radical shoaling process caused by an extreme variation in water depth as the swell hits the shallow reef or ocean floor. Often creates very hollow and intense waves that appear to grow suddenly in height; thus "jacking up".
jake [ edit ]
( slang , Australia ) A jake, or rockaway jake, is somebody in the line-up and unconsciously causing trouble or problems for their fellow surfers. A jake is usually a beginning surfer and surfers use jake similar to how netizens use newbie. See also kook .
kook [ edit ]
Any person who is in the line-up and unconsciously causing trouble or problems for their fellow surfers. A kook is usually a beginning surfer and surfers use kook similar to how netizens use newbie. Can also be used as an insult. See also jake .
line up [ edit ]
The line up is often mistakenly thought to be the line of surfers waiting for waves just beyond the breaking waves.
The phrase was originally used, and still is, to describe the line a breaking wave follows. From when the wave starts breaking, following the line of the reef or sandbank. The "line up" is used to decribe the rideable part of the wave that a surfer will follow. To paddle through the line up is considered to be both dangerous and rude behaviour. This is a mistake often made by many beginner surfers, resulting in frightening near misses or dangerous accidents.
localism [ edit ]
Term given to hostility displayed by local surfers to surfers visiting what the locals consider to be their break. The hostility can range from graffiti, verbal abuse in the line up, wiping of surf wax over the windscreen of the visitor's car, to physical violence (as preferred in Hawai'i allegedly).
stringer [ edit ]
The wooden strip which runs the length of the board, designed to give strength and rigidity to the board. These can either be single, for short boards or lighter weight long boards, or double or triple stringers for longboards. Double and triple stringers are great for using longboards in more powerful or large waves, but add weight to the board.
Stu [ edit ]
( slang , US West Coast) A "kook" or a "barney." i.e. a new/untalented surfer. Can also refer to local college students who are ignorant of proper surf etiquette and usually of questionable surfing ability. Example: "watch out for that peak, it's loaded with stu's!"
Question:
"""Hang loose"" and ""tubular"" are slang terms that originated in what sport?"
Answer:
Cutback (surfing move)
Passage:
Marron glacé
A marron glacé (plural marrons glacés) is a confection, originating in southern France and northern Italy consisting of a chestnut candied in sugar syrup and glazed. Marrons glacés are an ingredient in many desserts and are also eaten on their own.

History

Candied chestnuts appeared in chestnut-growing areas in northern Italy and southern France shortly after the crusaders returned to Europe with sugar. Cooking with sugar allowed creation of new confectioneries. A candied chestnut confection was probably served around the beginning of the 15th century in Piedmont, among other places.[http://www.vegparadise.com/highestperch211.html Vegetarians in Paradise]. But marrons glacés as such (with the last touch of 'glazing'), may have been created only in the 16th century. Lyon and Cuneo dispute the title for the addition of the glazing, or icing, that makes the real marron glacé.

The earliest known record of a recipe for marron glacés was written by the French at the end of 17th century in Louis XIV's Versailles court. In 1667,  François Pierre La Varenne, ten years' chef de cuisine to Nicolas Chalon du Blé, Marquis of Uxelles (near Lyon and a chestnut-producing area), and foremost figure of the nouvelle cuisine movement of the time, published his best-selling book Le parfaict confiturier. In it he describes "la façon de faire marron pour tirer au sec" ("the way to make (a) chestnut (so as) to 'pull it dry'"); this may well be the first record of the recipe for marrons glacés. "Tirer au sec" means, in a confectionery context, "to remove (what's being candied) from the syrup". La Varenne's book was edited thirty times over seventy-five years.

Nevertheless, that book was not mentioned (nor indeed any other) when the recipe applied to cocoa beans, was in 1694 passed on to Jean-Baptiste Labat, a French missionary in the Martinique. That year Father Labat wrote in a letter of a recipe for candied and iced cocoa beans which he had tasted when dining at a M. Pocquet's. A very detailed letter about an adaptation of the recipe, also with glaze, applied on cocoa beans. Another early citation, still in French, is from 1690. 

Towards the end of 19th century, Lyon was suffering from the collapse of the textile market, notably silk. In the midst of this crisis, Clément Faugier, a bridge and roadworks engineer, was looking for a way to revitalize the regional economy. In 1882 in Privas, Ardèche, he and a local confectioner set up the first factory with the technology to produce marrons glacés industrially (though many of the nearly twenty steps necessary from harvest to finished product are still performed manually). Three years later he introduced the crème de marrons de l'Ardèche, a sweetened chestnut purée made from marrons glacés broken during the production process, flavoured with vanilla. (later came Marrons au Cognac in 1924, Purée de Marrons Nature in 1934, Marrons au Naturel in 1951, and Marpom's in 1994.)

The same process was used by José Posada in Ourense (Spain) in 1980. He was the first businessman in Spain to build a factory to produce Spanish marrons glacés using Galician raw chestnuts, which previously were exported to France to produce the confectionary. Posada used the French and Italian formula to produce the marrons glacés. Today, there are two factories that produce marrons glacés in Spain.

Châtaigne or marron

The French refer to chestnuts as châtaigne or marron. Both terms refer to the fruit of the sweet chestnut Castanea sativa. However, marron tends to denote a higher quality, larger fruit that is more easily peeled. The fifth edition of the dictionary Dictionnaire de l'Académie françoise. Revu, corrigé et augmenté published in 1798 states that a marron glacé is a confit marron that is covered in caramel.  The 1767 book L'agronome, ou dictionnaire portatif du cultivateur claimed that the best marrons came from the Dauphiné region in southeastern France, and contained instructions for preparing marron glacés. 

Chestnuts are covered with a membrane, known as a pellicle or episperm, which closely adheres to the fruit's flesh and must be removed because of its astringency. Marron nuts have a pellicle which is "superficially attached to the nut", making it easily removable from the fruit. Some chestnuts have two cotyledons usually separated with deep grooves penetrating nearly all the way through the fruit; this makes them too fragile for the necessary manipulations during the cooking process. There also are other grooves on the surface, which means more embedded pellicle that must be painstakingly removed. "Marron"-quality nuts do not have the separation into two cotyledons; it appears in one piece and it shows few very shallow grooves.

In Italy, the term marron denotes a specific high-quality cultivar of Castanea sativa bearing oblong fruits with a shiny, reddish epicarp and often exhibiting a small rectangular hilar scar. As with the French use of the term, there should be no division of the cotyledons.

Marron-quality nuts for marrons glacés may be three or four times more expensive than the châtaigne because they also have a lower yield as the husk usually contains only one or two nuts and the plants have sterile male flowers.

Uses

Marrons glacés may be eaten on their own.

Crème de marrons are a staple ingredient for other desserts, such as the Mont Blanc (puréed with cream), ice creams, cakes, sweet sauce or garnish for other desserts.

Cultural references

In the short story Reginald (1901) by Saki, the narrator leaves Reginald "near a seductive dish of marrons glacés" at a garden-party in the vain hope that these delicacies will distract him from wreaking social havoc.

In the Overture to Swann's Way, Marcel Proust refers to M. Swann bringing to Marcel's great-aunt on New Year's Day a little packet of marrons glacés.

In Patrick Skene Catling's children's book, "The Chocolate Touch," marrons glacés are among the candies listed as the sweet-toothed young protagonist's favorite confectionary delights.

Local variants

Turkey

Candied chestnuts are a speciality of Bursa, Turkey, where they are called kestane șekeri 'chestnut candy'.
Question:
In France, which food is 'Marrons Glaces'?
Answer:
Chestnut
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
In which organ of the body is the pineal gland?
Answer:
Brain cell
