Passage:
Rupert Penry-Jones
Rupert William Penry-Jones (born 22 September 1970) is an English actor, known for his role as Adam Carter in the BBC One spy drama series Spooks, as Clive Reader QC in BBC One legal drama Silk and policeman DI Joseph Chandler in the ITV murder mystery series Whitechapel.

Early life and education

Penry-Jones was born in London, to Welsh actor Peter Penry-Jones and English actress Angela Thorne.  His brother Laurence Penry-Jones is an actor turned ambulance driver while his sister-in-law is actress Polly Walker.

He was educated at Dulwich College in south-east London, until age 17 when he was enrolled at Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, only to be expelled in his second year for being a bad influence. His bad influence was a result of a broken relationship, which Rupert stated he tried to recover from by "shagging everything in sight". Being dyslexic, he struggled at school, eventually leaving without A-levels. 

Career

In 1995 he appeared with his mother on television in Cold Comfort Farm. 

He made his London stage debut at the Hackney Empire theatre in 1995 playing Fortinbras to Ralph Fiennes's Hamlet in an Almeida production of Hamlet.

He was cast as Richard in the premiere staging of Stephen Poliakoff's Sweet Panic at Hampstead Theatre in 1996. The following year he appeared in both The Paper Husband at Hampstead Theatre and as the upper-class Pip Thompson in a revival of Arnold Wesker's Chips with Everything on the Lyttelton stage at the Royal National Theatre.

In 1998, he created the role of the Boy in Edward Albee's The Play About the Baby at the Almeida Theatre. In 1999, he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company at Stratford-upon-Avon, playing the title role in Don Carlos at The Other Place theatre and Alcibiades in Timon of Athens at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre. Both productions transferred to the Barbican Centre in London in 2000, where his performance as Don Carlos won the Ian Charleson Award.

At the West Yorkshire Playhouse, Leeds, in 2001 he was cast as Robert Caplan in J.B. Priestley's thriller "time-play" Dangerous Corner opposite Dervla Kirwan, who played Olwen Peel. The production then transferred for a four-month run at the Garrick Theatre in London's West End.

From July to October 2003 at the National's Cottesloe Theatre he played the leading role of Louis XIV in Nick Dear's historical drama Power.

He returned to the theatre at the end of 2009 playing the role of Carl in Michael Wynne's new play The Priory at the Royal Court Theatre, London, from 19 November 2009 to 16 January 2010.

On television, he has played barrister Alex Hay in C4's ten-part serial North Square in 2000; Donald McLean in the BBC's four-part production of Cambridge Spies in 2003; and Grimani in Russell T. Davies' production of Casanova in 2005.

In 2004, he joined the cast in series 3 of the BBC's BAFTA-winning series Spooks. He played the lead role of section leader Adam Carter for four series before leaving the show in 2008. He won ITV3 Crime Thriller Awards for his role in Spooks in 2008.  He also went on to play the role of Captain Wentworth in ITV's adaptation of Persuasion.

In 2008, he starred with Bradley Whitford and Neve Campbell in Burn Up playing an oil executive who becomes embroiled in the politics surrounding global warming and oil stocks.

He played Richard Hannay in the BBC adaptation of The 39 Steps which was screened at Christmas 2008.

In 2009, he was cast as the lead in the unaired ABC pilot The Forgotten but was unceremoniously replaced when the pilot was picked up and replaced by Christian Slater. Penry-Jones was apparently devastated and proceeded to give a number of interviews in the UK in which he attacked the US television industry. He has since described American television as a "factory" and the producers as "disgusting".

In February 2009, he took the lead in an ITV drama, Whitechapel, a three-part thriller based on the copycat killings of Jack the Ripper. Whitechapel was the highest-performing new drama in 2009.  A second series of the show based around the Kray twins was broadcast in autumn 2010; the third series began in January 2012. The fourth and last series aired in September 2013, and no further series were commissioned due to poor ratings.

He was scheduled to appear alongside other celebrities in Soccer Aid 2010, but broke a bone in his knee during training, putting him in a plaster cast and ruling him out of the final match on 6 June 2010.

Penry-Jones was also cast opposite Maxine Peake in a legal drama Silk created by Peter Moffat. The show revolves around two barristers, played by Penry-Jones and Peake who are competing to become QCs. Series 2 aired in 2012 and Series 3 premiered on 24 February 2014.

He also joined the cast of the film A Little Chaos with Kate Winslet as Antoine. The film is directed by Alan Rickman.  

Penry-Jones is known to be very critical of the British television and film industry. He stated that Doctor Who is a "very good children's show... but has low production values...and is a pantomime". He also said the Harry Potter films are "shit". He admitted walking out of the first three films. 

Personal life

He married actress Dervla Kirwan in August 2007, following a three-year engagement. They met in a theatre production, Dangerous Corner, in 2001. Both appeared in Casanova in 2005, although they did not share any scenes.

On BBC 1's Who Do You Think You Are?, broadcast in August 2010, it was revealed that Penry-Jones's maternal grandfather, William, had served with the Indian Army Medical Corps at the Battle of Monte Cassino and that his earlier ancestors had a long-standing connection with the Indian Army. Penry-Jones also discovered that he had Anglo-Indian ancestry from the early 19th century. 

Filmography and television work
Question:
What is the name of the actress who is the mother of actor Rupert Penry-Jones?
Answer:
Angela Thorne
Passage:
What Is the 180 Degree Longitude Line? | eHow
What Is the 180 Degree Longitude Line? | eHow
What Is the 180 Degree Longitude Line?
Ingram Publishing/Ingram Publishing/Getty Images
The prime meridian is the reference for all lines of longitude, the imaginary vertical lines that divide the Earth's surface. The opposite meridian is the 180-degree longitude line, which is 180 degrees both east and west of the prime meridian. The 180-degree longitude line also serves as an approximate basis for drawing the international date line.
Lines of Longitude
Lines of longitude are imaginary, vertical lines along the surface of the Earth that are used as coordinates to determine locations east and west of a reference line. All lines of longitude join at the poles.
Prime Meridian
The prime meridian, also known as the Greenwich meridian line, is labeled zero degrees and runs through Western Europe and Western Africa. It is the reference on which all lines of longitude are based. For example, 30 degrees west longitude means 30 degrees west of the prime meridian.
180 Degrees Longitude
Because the Earth is spherical, traveling 180 degrees in either direction from the prime meridian will lead to 180 degrees longitude, the opposite meridian. The 180-degree meridian runs through the western Pacific Ocean.
Time Zones
The Earth is divided into 24 time zones, each approximately 15 degrees longitude in width. The prime meridian marks the Greenwich (or Zulu) time zone, with other time zones labeled plus or minus hours from this zone.
International Date Line
The international date line roughly corresponds to the 180-degree meridian, although it deviates with respect to national borders. Because the Earth is divided into 24 time zones, each plus or minus a given number of hours from Greenwich, there arises a line on the Earth where the plus and minus zones meet. By tradition, this occurs at the international date line. Traveling east across the line decreases the date by one (for example, from Wednesday to Tuesday) and traveling west across the line advances the date (Tuesday to Wednesday).
References
Question:
What lies roughly along 180 degrees longitude?
Answer:
The International Date Line
Passage:
Primum non nocere
' is a Latin phrase that means "first, do no harm." The phrase is sometimes recorded as '. 

Non-maleficence, which is derived from the maxim, is one of the principal precepts of bioethics that all healthcare students are taught in school and is a fundamental principle throughout the world. Another way to state it is that, "given an existing problem, it may be better not to do something, or even to do nothing, than to risk causing more harm than good." It reminds the health care provider that they must consider the possible harm that any intervention might do. It is invoked when debating the use of an intervention that carries an obvious risk of harm but a less certain chance of benefit.

Non-maleficence is often contrasted with its corollary, beneficence.

Origin 

The origin of the phrase is uncertain. The Hippocratic Oath includes the promise "to abstain from doing harm" () but does not include the precise phrase. Perhaps the closest approximation in the Hippocratic Corpus is in Epidemics:  "The physician must ... have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm" (book I, sect. 11, trans. Adams, ).

According to Gonzalo Herranz, Professor of Medical Ethics at the University of Navarre, Primum non nocere was introduced into American and British medical culture by Worthington Hooker in his 1847 book Physician and Patient. Hooker attributed it to the Parisian pathologist and clinician Auguste François Chomel (1788–1858), the successor of Laennec in the chair of medical pathology, and the preceptor of Pierre Louis. Apparently, the axiom was part of Chomel's oral teaching. 

However, close examination reveals that Hooker did not use the specific expression or the traditional Latin phrase. A detailed investigation of the origins of the aphorism was reported by the clinical pharmacologist Cedric M. Smith in the April 2005 issue of The Journal of Clinical Pharmacology.  It addresses the questions of the origin and chronology of appearance of the maxim. Rather than being of ancient origin as usually assumed, the specific expression, and its even more distinctive associated Latin phrase, has been traced back to an attribution to Thomas Sydenham (1624–1689) in a book by Thomas Inman (1860), Foundation for a New Theory and Practice of Medicine.  Inman's book and his attribution were reviewed by a person who signed themselves only as "H. H." in The American Journal of the Medical Sciences, also in 1860.   An American surgeon, L. A. Stimson, used the expression in 1879 and again in 1906 (in the same journal). That it was in common use by the 20th century is apparent from later mentions, such as by the prominent obstetrician J. Whitridge Williams in 1911, as well as detailed discussion of its use in a popular book authored by Dr. Morris Fishbein, the long-time editor of The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) in 1930.

The article also reviews the various uses of the now popular aphorism, its limitations as a moral injunction, as well as the increasing frequency of its use not only in medical but other contexts as well.
Question:
One of the principal rules taught in medical school, ‘Primum non nocere’, translates to what in English?
Answer:
‘First do no harm’
Passage:
Lava-lava
A lavalava, also known as an 'ie, short for 'ie lavalava, is an article of daily clothing traditionally worn by Polynesians and other Oceanic peoples. It consists of a single rectangular cloth worn as a skirt.  The term lavalava is both singular and plural in the Samoan language.

Customary use

Today the fashion remains common in Samoa, American Samoa, Tonga and parts of Melanesia and Micronesia. It is worn by men and women in uses from school uniforms to business attire with a suit jacket and tie. Many people of Oceanic ethnicity wear the lavalava as an expression of cultural identity and for comfort within expatriate communities, especially in the United States (notably Hawaii, Alaska, California, Washington, and Utah), Australia, and New Zealand.

Attire

The lavalava is secured around the waist by an overhand knotting of the upper corners of the cloth; women often tuck the loose ends into the waistband, while men usually allow them to hang in front. Women generally wear ankle-length lavalava while men's wraps often extend to the knee or mid-calf depending on the activity or occasion.

History

Prior to the arrival of Europeans in the Pacific, the most prestigious lavalava were made by wrapping the body in a 'ie toga with fine mats (finely woven textiles of pandanus leaves) or siapo (tapa cloth) pounded from paper mulberry or wild hibiscus bark. The Samoans also created lavalava from traditional materials such as flower petals, leaves, feathers and seashells tied to a wrap-around backing of plaited plant fibers.

Calico and loomed cotton cloth had largely replaced woven or barkcloth lavalava as articles of daily use (though ie toga and siapo wraps are still used today for ceremonial and festive occasions and dance performances). Samoan men who bear the pe'a body tattoo, as well as Samoan women who bear the malu leg tattoos often roll the waistband of the lavalava or tuck in the sides and rear portion(s) of the lavalava to expose their tattoo during dance performances or ceremonial functions (such as 'ava ceremonies), a style referred to as agini.

Current forms

Specially tailored linen lavalava which extend mid-calf, often with pockets and ties/buckles, are worn by men at special occasions or to church; these are always solid colors (in contrast to the bright patterns of everyday lava-lava) and are known as sulu (Fijian), 'ie faitaga (Samoan), or tupenu (Tongan). Similar ankle-length skirts form the lower half of the two-piece formal dress worn by Samoan and Tongan women (called puletasi and puletaha, respectively). On special occasions the Tongan tupenu and puletaha are usually associated with a tapa cloth or waist-mat called ta'ovala and some Samoans still wear a tapa cloth vala sash in similar fashion (though the vala is generally restricted to ceremonial/festive regalia of orators or people acting/dressing as taupou maidens and manaia beaus). The formal, tailored linen lavalava styles of Tonga, Samoa, and Fiji originated with the Fijian noble Ratu Sir Lala Sukuna who introduced the buckled sulu to Fiji in 1920 following his military service and university education in Europe.

Loudly colored lavalava made from materials such as satin, velvet, polyester, and sequins have recently been popularized among performance dance groups and village, church, or school-based choirs.

Related names and garments

In English, such garments are generically called sarong, but that word is actually Malay, whereas lavalava is Samoan, being short for ʻie lavalava (cloth that wraps around). Another common name for the Polynesian variety is pāreu (usually spelled pareo), which is the Tahitian name.  In New Caledonia and Wallis and Futuna, lavalava are called "manou". A similar simple kind of clothing is the lap-lap worn in Papua New Guinea and the South Pacific, which is completely open at both sides.
Question:
Lavalava is a word common in the South Pacific. What does it mean?
Answer:
A rectangular cloth worn as a skirt
Passage:
Comedian
A comedian or comic, is a person who seeks to entertain an audience, primarily by making them laugh. This might be through jokes or amusing situations, or acting a fool, as in slapstick, or employing prop comedy. A comedian who addresses an audience directly is called a stand-up comic.

A popular saying, variously quoted but generally attributed to Ed Wynn, is, "A comic says funny things; a comedian says things funny", which draws a distinction between how much of the comedy can be attributed to verbal content and how much to acting and persona.

Since the 1980s, a new wave of comedy, called alternative comedy, has grown in popularity with its more offbeat and experimental style. This normally involves more experiential, or observational reporting, e.g. Alexei Sayle, Daniel Tosh, Louis C.K. and Malcolm Hardee. As far as content is concerned, comedians such as Tommy Tiernan, Des Bishop, and Joan Rivers draw on their background to poke fun at themselves, while others such as Jon Stewart, and Ben Elton have very strong political and cultural undertones.

Many comics achieve a cult following while touring famous comedy hubs such as the Just for Laughs festival in Montreal, the Edinburgh Fringe, and Melbourne Comedy Festival in Australia. Often a comic's career advances significantly when they win a notable comedy award, such as the Edinburgh Comedy Award (formerly the Perrier comedy award). Comics sometimes foray into other areas of entertainment, such as film and television, where they become more widely known; e.g., Eddie Izzard or Ricky Gervais.  However, a comic's stand-up success does not guarantee a film's critical or box office success.

History of comedians 

Ancient Greeks 

Comedians can be dated back to 425 BC, when Aristophanes, a comic author and playwright, wrote ancient comedic plays. He wrote 40 comedies, 11 of which survive and are still being performed. Aristophanes' comedy style took the form of satyr plays. 

Shakespearean comedy 

The English poet and playwright William Shakespeare wrote many comedies. A Shakespearean comedy is one that has a happy ending, usually involving marriages between the unmarried characters, and a tone and style that is more light-hearted than Shakespeare's other plays.

Modern era 

Charles Chaplin was the most popular screen comedian of the first half of the 20th century. He wrote comedic silent films such as Modern Times and The Kid. His films still have a major impact on comedy in films today. 

One of the most popular forms of modern-day comedy is stand-up comedy. Stand-up comedy is a comic monologue performed by one or more people standing on a stage.   Bob Hope was the most popular stand-up comedian of the 20th century, and also starred in numerous comedy films over a five-decade span.  Other noted stand-up comedians include George Carlin, Jerry Seinfeld, Lenny Bruce, Mort Sahl, Louis CK and Chris Rock.

Another popular form of modern-day comedy is talk shows where comedians make fun of current news or popular topics. Such comedians include Jay Leno, Conan O'Brien, Daniel Tosh, Chris Hardwick, Jimmy Fallon, David Letterman, and Chelsea Handler.

A third form of modern-day comedy is television programs in which many comedians band together to make skits, such as Saturday Night Live. These shows often receive high ratings, likely because many comedians band together to create jokes, rather than one comedian creating his own jokes. 

One of the most successful comedians is Ellen Degeneres, who has parlayed her comic career into film, television shows, and hosting major media events. In 1986, Ellen DeGeneres appeared for the first time on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson since she began gaining popularity as a stand-up comic in the 1980s.Ellen DeGeneres (April 26, 2002). The Comedy Couch. Interview with Guy MacPherson. Vancouver, B.C. Johnny Carson, who launched many contemporary comics careers, would sometimes invite them to join him on the couch for one-on-one conversation after their set. It was Carson's stamp of approval, and because of the show's immense popularity, and the lack of other national spotlights for comics, Carson, "until the early '90s, was the biggest influence on whether a stand-up comedian's career took off."  He likened DeGeneres to Bob Newhart, and invited her for an onscreen chat after her performance, she became the first comedian to have been offered that opportunity.

Personality traits

In a January 2014 study, conducted in the British Journal of Psychiatry,  scientists found that comedians tend to have high levels of psychotic personality traits. In the study, researchers analyzed 404 male and 119 female comedians from Australia, Britain, and the United States. The participants were asked to complete an online questionnaire designed to measure psychotic traits in healthy people. They found that comedians scored "significantly higher on four types of psychotic characteristics compared to a control group of people who had non-creative jobs." Gordon Claridge, a professor of experimental psychology at the University of Oxford and leader of the study claimed, "the creative elements needed to produce humor are strikingly similar to those characterizing the cognitive style of people with psychosis - both schizophrenia and bipolar disorder." However, labeling comedians' personality traits as "psychotic" does not necessarily mean that individual is a psychopath, since psychopathy is distinct from psychosis.
Question:
Which comic actor died on Christmas Day 1977?
Answer:
Roy Export Company Establishment
Passage:
Baby, Come Back (The Equals song)
"Baby, Come Back" is a song written by Eddy Grant, and originally performed and recorded by his band The Equals.

The Equals version

The Equals were a group from North London, England. "Baby, Come Back" is a mixture of rock and roll and beat, very much reflecting the London sound of the 1960s. The song was first released in 1966, a year after the band formed, but did not chart. However, after impressive sales in the rest of Europe (it reached the top 10 in Belgium and The Netherlands) the song was re-issued in the UK on 1 May 1968 and reached #1 in the UK Singles Chart on 6 July 1968 spending three weeks there. In all the song stayed in the UK Top 75 for 18 weeks.

Eddy Grant himself released a new version of the song in 1984, 1985 and 1989,  without much impact on the charts.

Chart performance

The Pato Banton featuring Ali and Robin Campbell of UB40 version

The song was covered by Pato Banton in 1994 who was joined by Robin and Ali Campbell of UB40. This version was different from the original in that it was in a more conventional, commercial reggae style and Banton added his own verses between the Campbells singing the original hook and chorus.

"Baby Come Back" by Pato Banton was a number one hit single in the UK and New Zealand.  It was released on 19 September 1994 and entered the UK Singles Chart for the week ending 1 October 1994 at No. 16 and reached No. 1 in its fifth week on the chart, where it stayed for four weeks.  It was the 4th biggest selling single of 1994 in the UK.  In New Zealand, the song entered the chart on 30 October 1994 at No. 3, then rose to No. 2 the following week, before beginning a four-week reign at No. 1 from 13 November to 4 December 1994.   Banton regularly appeared on Top of the Pops during this period, standing there like a prize plum as he had to admit that UB40 were on tour and the show played the video.

Track listing

UK CD Single [VSCDT1522]
#Baby Come Back - 3:52
#Baby Come Back (Dub) - 6:03
#Niceness (Live) - 5:40
#Gwarn! (New Version) 4:21

Chart performance

London Boys version

"Baby Come Back" is the first 1993 single from Europop duo London Boys. The single was produced by Ralf René Maué.   The single was released in Germany and Austria, peaking at #27 in Austria.

This was the last single under the London Boys name with the next and last two singles being under the name "The New London Boys".

Formats

;7" Single
#"Baby Come Back" - 3:24
#"Baby Come Back (Instrumental)" - 3:23

;12" Single #1
#"Baby Come Back (Please Come Home Extended Version)" - 6:05
#"Baby Come Back (Cavallino 12" Remix Rapino Brothers)" - 5:06
#"Baby Come Back (Affinity Tranceuro Remix)" - 5:38

;12" Single #2
#"Baby Come Back (Teryiaky With The Rapino Bros Club Mix)" - 6:25
#"Baby Come Back (Teryiaky Instrumental)" - 6:28
#"Baby Come Back (Rapino 12" Handbag Mix)" - 5:20
#"Baby Come Back (Affinity Tranceuro Mix)" - 5:40

;CD Single #1
#"Baby Come Back (Radio Edit)" - 3:24
#"Baby Come Back (Please Come Home Mix Extended Version)" - 5:29
#"Baby Come Back (Cavallino 12" Remix Rapino Brothers)" - 5:06
#"Baby Come Back (Affinity Tranceuro Remix)" - 5:38
#"Bob Marley (Reggae Reggae Rasta Rasta)" - 2:10

;CD Single #2
#"Baby Come Back (Original Version)" - 3:24
#"Baby Come Back (Rapino 7" Handbag Mix)" - 3:25
#"Baby Come Back (Teryiaky With The Rapino Bros Club Mix)" - 6:25
#"Baby Come Back (Rapino 12" Handbag Mix)" - 5:20
#"Baby Come Back (Affinity Tranceuro Mix)" - 5:40

Chart performance

Personnel 

* Edem Ephraim: Vocals
* Dennis Fuller: Choreographer, backing vocals
* Ralf René Maué: Writer, producer
* The Rapino Brothers: Remixes

Other cover versions 

"Baby Come Back" was covered by many artists, amongst others: 
*Geno Washington (single from That's Why Hollywood Loves Me, 1979),  
*Tight Fit (Back To The 60's, 1981),  
*Bonnie Raitt (Green Light, 1982),  
*Elektric Music (B-side to the single "Crosstalk", 1992),  Chyp-Notic (I Can't Get Enough, 1992),  
*Jay Ferguson
* Randy Bachman & Burton Cummings (Jukebox, 2007). 
*A live version by Phil Seymour appears on his In Concert! album (Fuel Music Group)
Question:
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group?
Answer:
Equally
