Passage:
Caipirinha
Caipirinha is Brazil's national cocktail, made with cachaça (sugarcane hard liquor), sugar and lime.  Cachaça,  also known as Pinga or Caninha, is Brazil's most common distilled alcoholic beverage. Although both rum and cachaça are made from sugarcane-derived products, in cachaça the alcohol results from the fermentation of fresh sugarcane juice that is then distilled, while rum is usually made from refinery by-products such as molasses. 

The drink is prepared by muddling the fruit and the sugar together, and adding the liquor. This can be made into a single glass, usually large, that can be shared amongst people, or into a larger jar, from where it is served in individual glasses.

History

Although the real origins of caipirinha, as it is known today, are unknown, according to one account it began around 1918 in the state of São Paulo with a popular recipe made with lime, garlic and honey, indicated for patients with the Spanish flu. Today it is still being used as a remedy for the common cold. As it was quite common to add some distilled spirits to home remedies, in order to expedite the therapeutic effect, rum was commonly used. "Until one day someone decided to remove the garlic and honey. Then added a few tablespoons sugar to reduce the acidity of lime. The ice came next, to ward off the heat," explains Carlos Lima, executive director of IBRAC (Brazilian Institute of Cachaça).  

The caipirinha is the strongest national cocktail of Brazil  and is imbibed in restaurants, bars, and many households throughout the country. Once almost unknown outside Brazil, the drink has become more popular and more widely available in recent years, in large part due to the rising availability of first-rate brands of cachaça outside Brazil.  The International Bartenders Association has designated it as one of their Official Cocktails.

Name

The word caipirinha is the diminutive of the word caipira, which in Brazilian Portuguese refers to someone from the countryside (specifically, someone from the rural parts of south-central Brazil), being similar to US English hillbilly or the Lowland Scots teuchter. Caipira is a two-gender noun. The diminutive mostly refers to the drink in which case it is a feminine noun.

Variations

*Although Brazilian law (Decree 6.871  based on Normative Ruling 55, from Oct. 31, 2008)  as well as the International Bartenders Association (IBA)  allow the use of the name caipirinha for the version with lime only, the term is often used to describe any cachaça-and-fruit-juice drink with the fruit's name (e.g. a passionfruit caipirinha, kiwifruit caipirinha or strawberry caipirinha).
*Caipifruta is a very popular caipirinha drink in Brazil, consisting of cachaça, crushed fresh fruits (either singly or in combination), and crushed ice.  The most popular fresh fruits used to create caipifrutas are tangerine, lime, kiwifruit, passion fruit, pineapple, lemon, grapes, mango, cajá (Spondias mombin fruit), and caju (cashew fruit).

Derivations

There are many derivations of caipirinha in which other spirits substitute for cachaça. Some include:

*The Caipivodka (also known as Caipiroska, Caipiroshka or Caipirovka), in which vodka substitutes for cachaça. Very popular in Finland and Sweden. In Africa this version is also called "Dawa", Swahili for medicine.
*The Caipiroska Negra, Black Caipiroshka or Caipiblack is made with black vodka instead of cachaça.
*Caipiríssima is a caipirinha made with rum instead of cachaça; the word was coined for an advertisement for a popular rum brand in the late '70s.
*Caipinheger is another variation made using Steinhäger.  
*Caipirão is another Portuguese variation made using Licor Beirão instead of cachaça. Beirão liquor is very sweet, so no sugar is used. 
*Caipisake (also called Sakeirinha) is made with sake instead of cachaça. Often made with strawberries or kiwifruit.  
*A variation from Italy is made using Campari instead of cachaça.
Question:
The drink Caipirinha is the national cocktail of which South American country?
Answer:
Brazil
Passage:
Guy Garvey
Guy Edward John Garvey (born 6 March 1974)   is an English singer, songwriter and BBC 6 Music presenter. He is the lead singer and principal songwriter of the alternative rock band Elbow.

Early life

Garvey grew up in a middle class family in Bury, Lancashire (now Greater Manchester). His father spent most of his working life as a newspaper proofreader, later joining ICI as a chemist; his mother was a police officer before becoming a psychologist. One of seven siblings, Garvey has five older sisters — Gina, Louise, Sam, Karen and Becky — whilst his younger brother is actor Marcus Garvey.

Career

In the early 90s, while at sixth-form college in Bury, Garvey formed Elbow with Mark and Craig Potter, Pete Turner, and Richard Jupp. He serves as the main songwriter and lyricist of Elbow, and has been widely praised for his songwriting throughout his career. As well as vocal duties Garvey has also played a wide variety of instruments live including both electric and acoustic guitar, trumpet, and various forms of percussion. Elbow won two Ivor Novello awards for best song writing for the 2008 single "Grounds for Divorce" as well as best contemporary song for "One Day Like This".  He was awarded a lifetime achievement honour by the Radio Academy in 2014.  In the same year, he also featured on the re-launched Band Aid charity's single to raise funds for the Ebola crisis in Africa. Garvey, with Elbow, was commissioned by the BBC to write the theme song for the 2012 London Olympics and Elbow performed this song, "First Steps" at the closing ceremony of the Olympics. 

Amongst other work, Garvey produced and recorded the I Am Kloot album Natural History (2001). Alongside Elbow keyboard player Craig Potter he also produced I Am Kloot's single "Maybe I Should" (2005, not associated with any album), their Mercury Music Prize nominated 2010 album Sky at Night and their 2013 album Let It All In. Elbow were themselves Mercury Music Prize nominees, in 2011, for the album Build a Rocket Boys! and won the prize in 2008 for their album "The Seldom Seen Kid".  In addition, Garvey made an appearance on Massive Attack's 2010 album record Heligoland.

He is a member of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA).  In April 2012 Garvey became a patron of the [http://www.craftanddesign.com/ Manchester Craft and Design Centre]. In recognition of his outstanding contribution to music he received, in July of the same year, an honorary doctorate from Manchester Metropolitan University, to become a Doctor of Arts. 

Garvey has been a presenter on BBC 6 Music for over five years  (Sunday afternoon 2 pm to 4 pm, British time) and previously presented a show on Sunday evenings on XFM.  
He had a monthly column in the now-defunct listings magazine City Life and is a patron of the Mines Advisory Group (MAG),  the Manchester-based charity responsible for clearing war zones of mines and munitions worldwide.

In 2015 Garvey presented Music Box, an iPlayer-exclusive series covering emerging and established bands. Garvey has also read several children's stories for the CBeebies "Bedtime Stories" program on the BBC.

In 2015 Garvey announced that he would be releasing his first solo studio album while continuing his duties as Elbow's lead songwriter. The resulting album, Courting the Squall, was released on 30 October 2015 by Polydor Records in the UK.   On 27 October 2015 Garvey appeared on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, where he performed "Angela's Eyes" and "Belly of the Whale". 

Personal life

Garvey was in a long-term relationship with writer Emma Jane Unsworth until 2012. He began dating actress Rachael Stirling in 2015.  Garvey and Stirling married in June 2016 at Manchester Town Hall. 

Discography

With Elbow

*Asleep in the Back (2001)
*Cast of Thousands (2003)
*Leaders of the Free World (2005)
*The Seldom Seen Kid (2008)
*Build a Rocket Boys! (2011)
*The Take Off and Landing of Everything (2014)

Solo

*Courting the Squall (2015)
Question:
Guy Garvey is the lead vocalist of which band?
Answer:
Elbows
Passage:
Cosmicomics
Cosmicomics is a collection of twelve short stories by Italo Calvino first published in Italian in 1965 and in English in 1968. The stories were originally published between 1964 and 1965 in the Italian periodicals Il Caffè and Il Giorno. Each story takes a scientific "fact" (though sometimes a falsehood by today's understanding), and builds an imaginative story around it.  An always extant being called Qfwfq narrates all of the stories save two, each of which is a memory of an event in the history of the universe. Qfwfq also narrates some stories in Calvino's t zero.

All of the stories in Cosmicomics, together with those from t zero and other sources, are now available in a single volume collection, The Complete Cosmicomics (Penguin UK, 2009).

The first U.S. edition, translated by William Weaver, won the National Book Award in the Translation category.
[http://www.nationalbook.org/nba1969.html "National Book Awards – 1969"]. National Book Foundation. Retrieved 2012-03-11.There was a "Translation" award from 1967 to 1983.

Contents

*The Distance of the Moon, the first and probably the best known story. Calvino takes the fact that the Moon used to be much closer to the Earth, and builds a story about a love triangle among people who used to jump between the Earth and the Moon, in which lovers drift apart as the Moon recedes.
*At Daybreak — Life before matter condenses.
*A Sign in Space — The idea that the galaxy slowly revolves becomes a story about a being who is desperate to leave behind some unique sign of his existence.  This story also is a direct illustration of one of the tenets of postmodern theory — that the sign is not the thing it signifies, nor can one claim to fully or properly describe a thing or an idea with a word or other symbol.
*All at One Point — The fact that all matter and creation used to exist in a single point.  "Naturally, we were all there—old Qfwfq said—where else could we have been? Nobody knew then that there could be space. Or time either: what use did we have for time, packed in there like sardines?"
*Without Colors — Before there was an atmosphere, everything was the same shade of gray. As the atmosphere appears, so do colors. The novelty scares off Ayl, Qfwfq's love interest.
*Games Without End — A galactic game of marbles back before the universe had formed much more than particles.
*The Aquatic Uncle — A tale on the fact that at one stage in evolution animals left the sea and came to live on land.  The story is about a family living on land that is a bit ashamed of their old uncle who still lives in the sea, refusing to come ashore like "civilized" people.
*How Much Shall We Bet — A story about betting on the long term evolution of mankind.
*The Dinosaurs — How some dinosaurs lived after most of them had become extinct, and how it felt to be that last existing dinosaur in an age where all the current mammals feared his kind as demons.
*The Form of Space — As the unnamed narrator "falls" through space, he cannot help but notice that his trajectory is parallel to that of a beautiful woman, Ursula H'x, and that of lieutenant Fenimore, who is also in love with Ursula. The narrator dreams of the shape of space changing, so that he may touch Ursula (or fight with Fenimore).
*The Light Years — The unnamed narrator looking at other galaxies, and spotting one with a sign pointed right at him saying "I saw you."  Given that there's a gulf of 100,000,000 light years, he checks his diary to find out what he had been doing that day, and finds out that it was something he wished to hide.  Then he starts to worry.
*The Spiral — A story about life as a mollusc, and the nature of love and writing.

All of the stories feature non-human characters which have been heavily anthropomorphized.

Notes
Question:
The most-translated contemporary Italian writer at the time of his death in 1985, whose best known works are the Our Ancestors trilogy and the Cosmicomics collection of short stories?
Answer:
Calvino
Passage:
medicinal herbs: BAY TREE - Laurus nobilis
medicinal herbs: BAY TREE - Laurus nobilis
medicinal herbs
Family: Lauraceae (Laurel Family)
Medicinal use of Bay Tree:
The bay tree has a long history of folk use in the treatment of many ailments, particularly as an aid to digestion and in the treatment of bronchitis and influenza. It has also been used to treat various types of cancer. The fruits and leaves are not usually administered internally, other than as a stimulant in veterinary practice, but were formerly employed in the treatment of hysteria, amenorrhoea, flatulent colic etc. Another report says that the leaves are used mainly to treat upper respiratory tract disorders and to ease arthritic aches and pains. It is settling to the stomach and has a tonic effect, stimulating the appetite and the secretion of digestive juices. The leaves are antiseptic, aromatic, astringent, carminative, diaphoretic, digestive, diuretic, emetic in large doses, emmenagogue, narcotic, parasiticide, stimulant and stomachic. The fruit is antiseptic, aromatic, digestive, narcotic and stimulant. An infusion has been used to improve the appetite and as an emmenagogue. The fruit has also been used in making carminative medicines and was used in the past to promote abortion. A fixed oil from the fruit is used externally to treat sprains, bruises etc, and is sometimes used as ear drops to relieve pain. The essential oil from the leaves has narcotic, antibacterial and fungicidal properties.
Description of the plant:
Damp rocks and ravines, thickets and old walls.
Edible parts of Bay Tree:
Leaves - fresh or dried. A spicy, aromatic flavouring, bay leaves are commonly used as a flavouring for soups, stews etc and form an essential ingredient of the herb mix "Bouquet Garni". The leaves can be used fresh or are harvested in the summer and dried. The flavour of freshly dried, crushed or shredded leaves is stronger than fresh leaves, but the leaves should not be stored for longer than a year since they will then lose their flavour. The dried fruit is used as a flavouring. The dried leaves are brewed into a herbal tea. An essential oil obtained from the leaves is used as a food flavouring. Yields can vary from 1 - 3% oil.
Other uses of the herb:
An essential oil from the fruit is used in soap making. The plant is highly resistant to pests and diseases, it is said to protect neighbouring plants from insect and health problems. The leaves are highly aromatic and can be used as an insect repellent, the dried leaves protect stored grain, beans etc from weevils. It is also used as a strewing herb because of its aromatic smell and antiseptic properties. Very tolerant of clipping, it can be grown as a screen or hedge in areas suited to its outdoor cultivation. Wood - sweetly-scented, does not wear quickly. Used for marqueterie work, walking sticks and friction sticks for making fires.
Propagation of Bay Tree:
Seed - best sown as soon as it is ripe in early autumn in a greenhouse. Prick out the seedlings into individual pots once they are large enough to handle and grow them on in the greenhouse for at least their first year. Plant them out into their permanent positions in early summer and give them some protection from the cold for at least their first winter outdoors. Cuttings of half-ripe wood, July/August in a frame. Can take 6 months. Cuttings of mature side shoots, 10 - 12cm with a heel, November/December in a cold frame. Leave for 18 months. High percentage. Layering.
Cultivation of the herb:
Damp rocks and ravines, thickets and old walls.
Known hazards of Laurus nobilis:
None known
Question:
Lauris Nobilis is the Latin name of what common herb?
Answer:
Bay
