Passage:
Tansy | Thomas Jefferson's Monticello
Tansy | Thomas Jefferson's Monticello
Thomas Jefferson's Monticello
Tansy
Tanacetum vulgare
Jefferson listed "tansey" among the "Objects for the garden this year" in 1794. It is not known exactly how it was utilized at Monticello, but its bitter, aromatic leaves were frequently used for flavoring, especially in puddings and omelets. Tansy is a native of Europe but is now common across North America.
Growth Type: 
Zone 3, Zone 4, Zone 5, Zone 6, Zone 7, Zone 8
Location at Monticello: 
Full Sun
Blooming History: 
2001 Jul 12 to 2001 Oct 192002 Jul 5 to 2002 Sep 132003 Jul 11 to 2003 Sep 262004 Jun 24 to 2004 Sep 292005 Jul 20 to 2005 Nov 222006 Jul 20 to 2006 Dec 12007 Jun 25 to 2007 Nov 152008 Jul 11 to 2008 Oct 132009 Jun 11 to 2009 Sep 112011 Jul 15 to 2011 Oct 132012 Jun 22 to 2012 Nov 142014 Jul 3 to 2014 Nov 142016 Aug 5 to 2016 Oct 14
Visit Monticello’s Online Shop to check for seeds or plants of Tansy .
Question:
"What kind of object is ""tansy""?"
Answer:
Plants
Passage:
Claret Jug
The Golf Champion Trophy, commonly known as the Claret Jug, is the trophy presented to the winner of The Open Championship, (often called the "British Open"), one of the four major championships in golf.

The awarding of the Claret Jug dates from 1872, when a new trophy was needed after Young Tom Morris had won the original Challenge Belt (presented by Prestwick Golf Club) outright in 1870 by winning the Championship three years in a row. Prestwick had both hosted and organised the Championship from 1860 to 1870.

By the time that Prestwick had reached agreement with the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews and the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers (based at Musselburgh) for the championship to rotate at these three venues, more than a year had passed. So, there was no event in 1871.

Each club contributed £10 to the cost of the new trophy, which is inscribed 'The Golf Champion Trophy', and was made by Mackay Cunningham & Company of Edinburgh.

When the 1872 event was played, the trophy still wasn't ready in time to be presented to Morris (who had won his fourth in a row) although his name was the first to be engraved on it. In 1872, Morris was presented with a medal as have all subsequent winners.

In 1873 Tom Kidd became the first winner to be actually presented with the Claret Jug after winning the Championship.

The original Claret Jug has been on permanent display at the clubhouse of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews since 1928. The original Challenge Belt is also on display at the same site, having been donated in 1908 by the Morris family.

The current Claret Jug was first awarded to Walter Hagen for winning the 1928 Open. The winner must return the trophy before the next year's Open, and receives a replica to keep permanently. Three other replicas exist — one in the British Museum of Golf at St Andrews, and two used for travelling exhibitions.

Every year, the winner's name is engraved on the Claret Jug before it is presented to him. The BBC always shows the engraver poised to start work, and the commentators like to speculate about when he will be sure enough of the outcome to begin. However, at the 1999 Open Championship, Jean van de Velde's name was engraved on the trophy before he famously choked with a triple-bogey on the 18th hole and Paul Lawrie subsequently won the playoff. Upon being awarded the Jug in 1989, Mark Calcavecchia said, "How's my name going to fit on that thing?" 

The Claret Jug has twice appeared on commemorative £5 Scottish banknotes issued by the Royal Bank of Scotland: first in 2004, for the 250th Anniversary of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, then in 2005, the jug is shown held by Jack Nicklaus to mark his retirement.
Question:
The Claret Jug is the name of the trophy awarded to the winner of which annual sporting championship?
Answer:
Open Golf Championship
Passage:
Ring of Bright Water (film)
Ring of Bright Water is a 1969 British  feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna. It is a story about a Londoner and his pet otter living on the Scottish coast. The story is fictional, but is adapted from the 1960 autobiographical book of the same name by Gavin Maxwell.  It featured the stars of Born Free, another movie about a close relationship between humans and a wild animal. The film has been released to VHS (1981) and to DVD (2002).

Plot

Graham Merrill (Bill Travers) passes a pet shop on his daily walks about London and takes an interest in an otter (specifically, a male river otter) in the window, eventually buying and naming the animal Mij.  The otter wreaks havoc in his small apartment and together they leave London for a rustic cottage overlooking the sea on the west coast of Scotland.  There they live as beachcombers and make the acquaintance of Dr. Mary (Virginia McKenna) from the nearby village, and her dog Johnny. Mij and Johnny play in the water and bound across the fields together.  

Mij's inquisitive and adventurous nature leads him some distance from the cottage to a female otter with whom he spends the day. Ignorant of danger, he is caught in a net and nearly killed. The humans find him and help him recover. Graham spends a significant amount of time drawing Mij but realises that to show the true agility of the otter he must draw it underwater. He builds a large tank out of old windows so that he can do this.

Not long after, Merrill goes to London to look after some affairs and leaves Mary in charge of Mij. While being exercised afield, Mij is killed by a ditchdigger, who did not realize he was a pet. Merrill returns and is crushed to discover the death of his beloved otter. Some time later, Merrill and Mary are surprised by a trio of otter youngsters, accompanied by their mother otter, approaching the cottage. He happily realizes they are Mij's female mate and their children who have come to play in their father's swimming pool.

Graham had been trying to write a novel on the Marsh Arabs for years; however, after seeing the baby otters playing, he takes pen and paper and begins to write about Mij and what the otter has taught him about himself.

Cast and characters

* Bill Travers as Graham Merrill 
* Virginia McKenna as Mary MacKenzie 
* Peter Jeffrey as Colin Wilcox 
* Jameson Clark as Storekeeper 
* Helena Gloag as Mrs. Flora Elrich 
* W. D. Joss as Lighthouse keeper 
* Roddy McMillan as Bus driver 
* Jean Taylor-Smith as Mrs. Sarah Chambers
* Christopher Benjamin as Fishmonger
* Archie Duncan as Road mender
* Tommy Godfrey as Ticket seller
* Phil McCall as Frank
* Two Wisconsin otters owned and trained by Tom and Mabel Beecham of Phillips, Wisconsin  portrayed Mij the otter.

Filming

Part of the film was shot in Ellenabeich on the Isle of Seil.

Reception and critical response

The film earned rentals of $1 million in North America and $1.4 million in other countries. After all costs were deducted it recorded an overall loss of $615,000.

The National Board of Review placed Ring of Bright Water on its list of the Top Ten Films for 1969.  In 2005, The Daily Telegraph called it "one of the best-loved British films of all time." 

Comic book

Gold Key Comics, an imprint of Western Publishing, published a comic book adaptation of the film drawn by Jack Sparling in October 1969. 

Documentary

The 1995 documentary film Echoes of Camusfearna contains previously unseen footage of Gavin Maxwell with the otters and is introduced and narrated by Virginia McKenna. It was released to DVD in 2007. 

Home media

The film was released as a region 2 DVD in 2002, and as a region 1 DVD in 2004 (see cover art).  It had been released as a VHS tape in 1981 and 1991.
Question:
Who wrote the book 'Ring of Bright Water’?
Answer:
Camusfeàrna
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
Which organ of the body produces bile
Answer:
Impressio duodenalis
Passage:
Negroni
The Negroni cocktail is made of one part gin, one part vermouth rosso (red, semi-sweet), and one part Campari, garnished with orange peel.  It is considered an apéritif.

History

While the drink's origins are unknown, the most widely reported account is that it was firstly mixed in Florence, Italy, in 1919, at Caffè Casoni, ex Caffè Giacosa located in via Tornabuoni and now called Caffè Roberto Cavalli.  Count Camillo Negroni concocted it by asking the bartender, Fosco Scarselli, to strengthen his favorite cocktail, the Americano, by adding gin rather than the normal soda water. The bartender also added an orange garnish rather than the typical lemon garnish of the Americano to signify that it was a different drink.     After the success of the cocktail, the Negroni Family founded Negroni Distillerie in Treviso, Italy, and produced a ready-made version of the drink, sold as Antico Negroni 1919.  One of the earliest reports of the drink came from Orson Welles in correspondence with the Coshocton Tribune while working in Rome on Cagliostro in 1947, where he described a new drink called the Negroni, "The bitters are excellent for your liver, the gin is bad for you. They balance each other."  

Cocktail historian David Wondrich has researched Camillo Negroni, who was born on 25 May 1868 to Enrico Negroni and Ada Savage Landor, and died in Florence on 25 September 1934. While his status as a count is questionable, his grandfather, Luigi Negroni, was indeed a count. 

Descendants of General  Pascal Olivier de Negroni, Count de Negroni claim that he was the Count Negroni who invented the drink in 1857 in Senegal. "A  Corse Matin" Sunday Edition article dated 2 February 1980 is translated on a descendant's blog: this claims he invented the drink around 1914.  An article in the New Hampshire Union Leader reported on the controversy. 

Variations 

* The Negroni sbagliato is made in the same way as the Negroni, but replacing the gin with sparkling white wine, or Prosecco. 
* Americano – 1 oz Campari, 1 oz Sweet Red Vermouth, a splash of soda
* Boulevardier – A similar cocktail that uses whiskey in place of gin.
* The Dutch Negroni substitutes Jenever for the London dry style gin in the original recipe. 
* Old Pal uses dry vermouth and Canadian rye whisky
* Hanky-Panky – 1 oz Fernet, 1 oz Sweet Red Vermouth, 1 oz Gin
*  Negronski - substitute vodka for gin in the original Negroni recipe.
Question:
The cocktail called a Negroni has three alcoholic ingredients, gin and sweet vermouth are two of them: what is the third?
Answer:
Campari
Passage:
Dogsbody
A dogsbody, or less commonly dog robber in the Royal Navy, is a junior officer, or more generally someone who does drudge work. A rough American equivalent would be a "gofer," "grunt"  or "lackey". 

History

The Royal Navy used dried peas and eggs boiled in a bag (pease pudding) as one of their staple foods circa the early 19th century. Sailors nicknamed this item "dog's body". In the early 20th century, junior officers and midshipmen who performed jobs that more senior officers did not want to do began to be called "dogsbodies". The term became more common in non-naval usage ca. 1930, referring to people who were stuck with rough work.

The term dogsbody has not always been derogatory, with a number of people deliberately using it as their callsign or handle. The most famous of these is probably Douglas Bader, who was an RAF fighter pilot during the Second World War.
Question:
Which ace nicknamed ‘Dogsbody’ was a prisoner in Colditz as WW2 came to an end?
Answer:
Group Captain Douglas R S Bader, CBE, DSO and Bar, DFC and Bar
Passage:
Motorsport
Motorsport or motorsports is a global term used to encompass the group of competitive events which primarily involve the use of motorised vehicles, whether for racing or non-racing competition.  The terminology can also be used to describe forms of competition of two-wheeled motorised vehicles under the banner of motorcycle racing, and includes off-road racing such as motocross.

Four- (or more) wheeled motorsport competition is globally governed by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA); and the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) governs two-wheeled competition.

History

In 1894, a French newspaper organised a race from Paris to Rouen and back, starting city to city racing.  In 1900, the Gordon Bennett Cup was established.  Closed circuit racing arose as open road racing, on public roads, was banned.  Brooklands was the first dedicated motor racing track in the United Kingdom.

Following World War I, European countries organised Grand Prix races over closed courses.  In the United States, dirt track racing became popular.

After World War II, the Grand Prix circuit became more formally organised.  In the United States, stock car racing and drag racing became firmly established.

Motorsports ultimately became divided by types of motor vehicles into racing events, and their appropriate organisations.

Open-wheel racing

Open-wheel racing is a set of classes of motor vehicles, with their wheels outside of, and not contained by any bodywork of their vehicle.  These have been globally classified as specific 'Formula' series - the most common being Formula One, and many others include the likes of Formula 3, Formula Ford, Formula Renault and Formula Palmer Audi.  However, in North America, the IndyCar series is their pinnacle open-wheeled racing series.  More recently, new open-wheeled series have been created, originating in Europe, which omit the 'Formula' moniker, such as GP2 and GP3.  Former 'Formula' series include Formula 5000 and Formula Two.

Formula One

Formula One is a class of single seat grand prix closed course racing, governed by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), and currently organized by the privately owned company Formula One Group.  The formula is a very strict set of rules which govern vehicle power, weight and size. 

IndyCar Series

In the United States, Indy Car is a class of single seat paved track racing, organized by  INDYCAR.  Its premier race is the Indianapolis 500.

Enclosed wheel racing

Enclosed wheel racing is a set of classes of vehicles, where the wheels are primarily enclosed inside the bodywork of the vehicle, similar to a North American 'stock car'.

Sports car racing

Sports car racing is a set of classes of vehicles, over a closed course track, including sports cars, and specialised racing types.  The premiere race is the 24 Hours of Le Mans which takes place annually in France during the month of June.  Sports car racing rules and specifications differentiate in North America from established international sanctioning bodies. 

Stock car racing

Stock car racing is a set of vehicles, that race over a speedway track, organised by NASCAR.  While once stock cars, the vehicles are now purpose built, but resemble the body design and shape of production cars.  NASCAR was organised in 1947, to combine flat track oval racing of production cars.   Daytona Beach and Road Course was founded where land speed records were set on the beach, and including part of A1A.

Touring car racing

Touring car racing is a set of vehicles,  modified street cars, that race over closed purpose built race tracks and street courses.

Other racing

Motor sports which involve competitors racing against each other include:
*Auto (car) racing
*Motor rallying
*Motorcycle racing
*Air racing
*Kart racing
*Boat racing
*Hovercraft racing
*Lawn mower racing
*Snowmobile racing
*Truck racing

Non-racing motorsport

Forms of motorsport which do not involve racing include drifting, regularity rally, motorcycle trials, gymkhana, Freestyle Motocross and tractor pulling.

Olympics

Motorsport was a demonstration event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Question:
What famous French endurance motor racing track/city is named after the early inhabiting Cenomani Celtic people?
Answer:
Manceaux
Passage:
Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet
"Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet" is one of the best remembered British advertising campaigns for a tobacco product. It was a long-running campaign for Hamlet Cigars, lasting on television until all tobacco advertising on television was banned in the UK in 1991.[http://www.newash.org.uk/ash_2cb51gz3_archive.htm Tobacco Key Dates in the Campaign to ban Tobacco Advertising | ASH] They returned in cinemas in 1996, continuing there until 1999,  with the final commemorative advert and the modified Tagline, "Happiness will always be a cigar called Hamlet."  

History 

Commercials used an excerpt from a jazz rendition of Bach's Air on the G String, played by Jacques Loussier and his trio, which is still frequently associated with the brand. 

The advertisements featured in television, radio and cinema commercials, various print media, and on billboards. The slogan and the entire campaign was created by the Collett Dickenson Pearce agency in 1966. The premise is that a man finds himself in an awkward or embarrassing situation and lights a Hamlet cigar. Lighting and smoking this cigar makes him smile and forget his woes. The campaign branched out from traditional advertising, even publishing a book of cartoons based on the idea.

A memorable ident featured the 1982 Channel 4 blocks forming the number 5, then rewinding and then forming a jumbled mess, which then turns into a face and then smokes a cigar, making it smile.

These adverts were often mocked, most notably on The Kenny Everett Television Show.

Film Directors 

Numerous advertising filmmaker, including:

* Barry Myers (director)

Celebrity appearances 

Numerous celebrities appeared in the adverts, including:

* Ian Botham 
* Ronnie Corbett
* Gregor Fisher in the guise of his "Baldy Man" character (from Naked Video), attempting to use a photo booth 

Recognition 

The advert was listed as the eighth greatest television advertisement of all time by Channel 4 in 2000. Both the original Channel 4 ident and a Hamlet advert spoofing the ident were made by Martin Lambie-Nairn.  Furthermore, the advert was ranked as the ninth greatest advertisement in an ITV list made in 2005  and as the third funniest television advertisement ever by Campaign Live in 2008.
Question:
Which product was advertised to the tune of Bach's 'Air On A G-String'?
Answer:
HAMLET CIGARS
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
Which organ is responsible for regulating the blood sugar level?
Answer:
Inferior surfaces of the pancreas
Passage:
Harold Sakata
, (July 1, 1920 – July 29, 1982) was an American Olympic weightlifter, professional wrestler, and film actor. He won a silver medal for the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London in weightlifting. He was also an actor, with his most famous role as the villain Oddjob in the James Bond film Goldfinger.

He was born in Holualoa, Hawaii and was of Japanese descent.

Career

Toshiyuki Sakata () was born on July 1, 1920 in Holualoa, Hawaii. He moved to the United States mainland and began to go by the more Western name "Harold." At the age of eighteen, he weighed only 113 lb (8 st 1 lb) (51 kg) at a height of 5 ft 8 in (1.73 m). Wanting to "look as good as the other guys", he started lifting weights. He spent his early life training as a weightlifter and won a silver medal for the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, lifting a total of 410 kg in the light-heavyweight division. He also did a stint as a professional wrestler under the name Tosh Togo from the early 1950s until the early 1960s, becoming Canadian Tag Team Champion. 

Bond producers Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli took notice of Sakata because of his heavy build— he stood 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) and weighed 284 lb (129 kg)—which, when coupled with his intimidating gaze, made him the perfect choice for the part of Oddjob. He had no acting background at all besides pro wrestling but the film character was to be mute and would require little theatrical skill. Before Sakata had secured the role of Oddjob, another former wrestler, British actor Milton Reid, had auditioned for the role.  In 1964 Reid challenged Sakata to a wrestling contest and suggested that the winner ought to get the role. However, given that Reid had been in Dr. No and that his character had been killed off, the producers decided to go with Sakata and the wrestling match did not take place. 

As Oddjob, he was bodyguard to Bond villain Auric Goldfinger and his sharpened, steel-brimmed bowler hat became a famous and much-parodied trademark of the Bond series. While filming Oddjob's death scene, Sakata's hand was badly burnt, but he held on until he heard director Guy Hamilton say "Cut".

Sakata appeared in several other movies in similar roles and took on "Oddjob" as an informal middle name (in the films Mako: The Jaws of Death and The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington he was credited as Harold "Oddjob" Sakata).

With time, Sakata's acting skills improved. He co-starred opposite William Shatner in the movie Impulse, in which he played the character Karate Pete. He also guest starred on a Gilligan's Island episode as Rory Calhoun's henchman,  and an episode of The Rockford Files.In 1971, Sakata was a regular on the short-lived TV series, Sarge, starring George Kennedy.

He appeared as Oddjob in a series of TV commercials for Vicks Formula 44 cough syrup in the 1970s. The advertisement showed Oddjob with a nasty cough, which results in him demolishing the neighborhood and frightening a woman inside her house as his cough spasms grow worse and worse. The woman grabs a bottle of Vicks Formula 44 and races for the door, only to see Oddjob karate chop through it.  She quickly opens the door and gives him a spoonful of the cough syrup, which cures his cough.  The two bow to each other, and the woman looks past Oddjob to see the destruction he has caused. He made an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson on which he parodied the commercial by destroying Carson's set.

Sakata died of liver cancer on July 29, 1982, in St Francis Hospital, Honduras.

Championships and accomplishments

*Maple Leaf Wrestling
*NWA Canadian Open Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Great Togo

*Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling
*NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (Mid-Atlantic version) (1 time) – with Ike Eakins

*NWA Big Time Wrestling
*NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship (1 time)

*NWA Hollywood Wrestling
*NWA International Television Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Wild Red Berry (1)   and Great Togo (1)
*NWA World Tag Team Championship (Los Angeles version) (1 time) – with “Wild” Red Berry

*NWA Mid-America
*NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (Mid-America version) (1 time) – with John Smith

*Mid-Pacific Promotions
*NWA Hawaii Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
*NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with King Curtis Iaukea

*Pacific Northwest Wrestling
*NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Toi Yamamoto

*World Wrestling Council
*WWC Puerto Rico Heavyweight Championship (1 time)

Filmography

Feature films

* Goldfinger (1964) ..... Oddjob
* Vier Schlüssel (1966) ..... Oddjob (uncredited)
* Balearic Caper (1966) ..... Museum Director
* The Poppy Is Also a Flower (1966) ..... Martin
* Le dix-septième ciel (1966) ..... (uncredited)
* Dimension 5 (1966) ..... Big Buddha
* The Phynx (1970) ..... Sakata 
* Impulse (1974) ..... Karate Pete 
* The Wrestler (1974) ..... Oddjob 
* Broken House (1976) ..... (uncredited) 
* Mako: The Jaws Of Death (1976) ..... Pete
* Bao po (1976)
* The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington (1977) ..... Wong  
* Record City (1978) ..... Gucci 
* Death Dimension (1978) ..... The Pig  
* Goin' Coconuts (1978) ..... Ito  
* The Billion Dollar Threat (TV) (1979) ..... Oriental Man 
* Xiong zhong ( Ninja Strikes Back ) (1982) ..... Sakata
* Safari of No Return aka Horror Safari (Invaders of the Lost Gold) (1982) ..... Tobachi (Last appearance)

He was also portrayed by Keiji Mutoh in the 2004 film about Rikidozan
Question:
Which iconic movie villain was played by a wrestler with the professional name of Tosh Togo?
Answer:
Oddjob
Passage:
Eggs Benedict
Eggs Benedict is an American brunch or breakfast dish that consists of two halves of an English muffin each of which is topped with Canadian bacon – or sometimes ham or bacon – a poached egg, and hollandaise sauce. The dish was first popularized in New York City.  Many variations on the basic recipe are served.

Origin 

There are conflicting accounts as to the origin of Eggs Benedict. 

In an interview recorded in the "Talk of the Town" column of The New Yorker in 1942, the year before his death,  Lemuel Benedict, a retired Wall Street stock broker, claimed that he had wandered into the Waldorf Hotel in 1894 and, hoping to find a cure for his morning hangover, ordered "buttered toast, poached eggs, crisp bacon, and a hooker of hollandaise". Oscar Tschirky, the famed maître d'hôtel, was so impressed with the dish that he put it on the breakfast and luncheon menus but substituted ham for the bacon and a toasted English muffin for the toast. Notes: This hasn't been verified at the source, but is instead taken from the letter to Karpf by Cutts Benedict and the page of J. J. Schnebel.

Another claim to the creation of Eggs Benedict was circuitously made by Edward P. Montgomery on behalf of Commodore E. C. Benedict. In 1967 Montgomery wrote a letter to then The New York Times food columnist Craig Claiborne which included a recipe he claimed to have received through his uncle, a friend of the commodore. Commodore Benedict's recipe — by way of Montgomery — varies greatly from chef Ranhofer's version,  particularly in the hollandaise sauce preparation — calling for the addition of "hot, hard-cooked egg and ham mixture". 

Variations

Several variations of Eggs Benedict exist.
* Eggs Blackstone substitutes streaky bacon for the ham and adds a tomato slice.   
* Eggs Blanchard substitutes Béchamel sauce for Hollandaise. 
* Eggs Florentine substitutes spinach for the ham or adds it underneath. "eggs Florentine ($3.95), eggs poached and topped with Hollandaise sauce, served on spinach and English muffin" Notes: Not directly verified. Viewed through Google News Archive snippet view.   Older versions of eggs Florentine add spinach to poached or shirred eggs.
* Eggs Mornay substitutes Mornay (cheese) sauce for the Hollandaise.
* Eggs Atlantic, Eggs Hemingway, or Eggs Copenhagen (also known as Eggs Royale and Eggs Montreal in New Zealand) substitutes salmon or smoked salmon for the ham. This is a common variation found in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United Kingdom. This is also known as "Eggs Benjamin" in some restaurants in Canada.
* Huevos Benedictos substitutes either sliced avocado or Mexican chorizo for the ham, and is topped with both a salsa (such as salsa roja or salsa brava) and hollandaise sauce.
* Eggs Hussarde substitutes Holland rusks for the English muffin and adds Bordelaise sauce. Notes: Located in New Orleans, Louisiana. Notes: Located in New York, New York.
* Irish Benedict replaces the ham with corned beef or Irish bacon. "Irish Benedict ($7.50): two poached Eggs and corned beef hash on an English muffin covered with hollandaise sauce" Notes: Not directly verified. Viewed through Google News Archive snippet view.  
* Dutch Benedict replaces the ham or bacon with scrapple. Popular in the eastern region of Pennsylvania. 
* Eggs Hebridean replaces the ham with black pudding,  often from Stornoway. 
* Eggs Cochon, a variation from New Orleans restaurants which replaces the ham with pork "debris" (slow roasted pork shredded in its own juices) and the English muffin with a large buttermilk biscuit.
Question:
If a dish is served 'Florentine' which vegetable will it contain?
Answer:
Paalak
Passage:
Ask the Family
Ask the Family is a British game show that was first broadcast on BBC1 from 12 June 1967 to 22 October 1984 hosted by Robert Robinson and then on BBC Two from 1 September to 12 November 1999 hosted by Alan Titchmarsh and from 4 April to 6 May 2005 hosted by Dick & Dom.

The show took the form of a quiz contest between two teams, with each team consisting of four members of a single family – two parents and two teenage children. Over the course of the thirty-minute show the teams were asked a variety of general knowledge questions and mental puzzles, with the winner advancing to the next round.

The teams were asked questions, with certain questions directed at only certain members of the family – such as "children only", or "father and elder child only". The series was in knockout format with each week's winner returning in the next round.

Transmissions
Question:
Who presented Ask The Family in the 1970s?
Answer:
Robert Robinson (disambiguation)
Passage:
The French Lieutenant's Woman: Novel Summary | Novelguide
The French Lieutenant's Woman: Novel Summary | Novelguide
The French Lieutenant's Woman: Novel Summary
Total Votes: 321
Summary
As with each chapter of The French Lieutenant’s Woman, Chapter One begins with an epigraph. This first one is taken from ‘The Riddle’ by Thomas Hardy: ‘Stretching eyes west/Over the sea,/Wind foul or fair,/Always stood she/Prospect impressed;/Solely out there/Did her gaze rest,/Never elsewhere/Seemed charm to be.’ As the chapters progress, it becomes apparent that this quotation offers a fair description of the eponymous heroine.
The narrative begins in March 1867 and with a description of Lyme Bay in England. A man and woman are walking down the quay at Lyme Regis on a sharp and blustery morning. The Cobb, which is a 700-year-old sea-rampart, is described as the most beautiful on the south coast of England.
The first-person narrator says the Cobb has changed little ‘since the year of which I write’, but Lyme Regis has. In 1867, this town lies to the east of where the Cobb runs back to the land. Sombre gray cliffs lie to the west and there are dense woods above and beyond them.
The narrative returns to the couple and how the local spy might think the two are strangers and ‘people of some taste’. The young lady is dressed fashionably, more so than the ladies of the area, There is also another figure on the Cobb, which is dressed in black and standing motionless whilst staring out to sea. It is described as ‘more like a living memorial to the drowned, a figure from myth, than any proper fragment of the petty provincial day’.
One of the epigraphs introducing Chapter Two makes references to the surplus of women in the nineteenth century. The chapter itself begins with the man (Charles Smithson) and the woman (Tina, or rather, Ernestina as she is usually referred to) walking down the Cobb. He wants to walk back, but she wants to carry on and they agree to do as she desires. She asks what he and her father discussed last Thursday and he tells her ironically that they had a ‘small philosophical disagreement’ about Darwin. Her father clearly does not believe in his theories of evolution as Charles does.
She thinks that the greatest obstacle to their betrothal is that despite her father’s great wealth her grandfather was ‘only’ a draper whereas Charles’s ‘had been a baronet’. He reminds her he is a scientist and, therefore, is bound to disagree with her father and she points out to him that they have been walking on fossils.
Charles notices the other figure on the Cobb and realizes it is a woman. Ernestina informs him it must be ‘poor Tragedy’ and that she has other nicknames. The fishermen call her ‘The French Lieutenant’s …Woman’. Ernestina also says this woman is ‘a little mad’ and she does not like to go near her. After Charles prompts her, she goes on to explain that there is a rumor that the woman did ‘worse’ than fall in love with the French lieutenant and she is now waiting for his return. She now works as ‘a servant of some kind’ for Mrs Poulteney. On Charles’s instigation, they walk closer to the woman and it is noted that she is wearing a man’s riding coat and appears to be oblivious to fashion. Charles makes conversation with her and when she turns to look at him he feels as though she looks straight through him. He thinks her face ‘is not the one expected of the age’, as there is ‘no artifice there, no hypocrisy, no hysteria, no mask’.
Afterwards, Charles thinks repeatedly of the look she gave him. He compares it to a ‘lance’ and feels she has seen him as an ‘unjust enemy’. When Charles and Ernestina walk away from the woman, he tells her that he wishes she had not told him the ‘sordid facts’ as there is no mystery or romance about the woman now. Ernestina teases him for this as he is the scientist, ‘the despiser of novels’.
Analysis – Chapters One and Two
These first two chapters introduce the enigmatic French Lieutenant’s Woman and the readers recognize her difference from others immediately. She is isolated as she stands on the Cobb and rumors are passed around about her in the town, which Ernestina is willing to repeat, and which imply she is of loose morals in this era of obeying convention. She is also described as wearing a man’s coat and, unlike Ernestina, is oblivious to the rules of fashion.
Charles has his interest piqued by this woman and is struck by her face as she refuses (or is unable) to wear the standard mask of hypocrisy. In these first two chapters alone, it is evident that the eponymous heroine is separate and different from the people of the town and is also lower in class than Charles and Ernestina. She embodies a challenge to conformity, in terms of her isolation, dress and supposed history, and continues to stand apart from the crowd.
Question:
Sarah Woodruffe is the eponymous heroine of which classic 20th century novel?
Answer:
The French Lieutenants Women
Passage:
BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role
Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.

Superlatives

Note: Dustin Hoffman's total of eight nominations, includes his 1968 Most Promising Newcomer nomination for The Graduate.

Winners and nominees 

From 1952 to 1967, there were two Best Actor awards: one for a British actor and another for a foreign actor. In 1968, the two prizes of British and Foreign actor were combined to create a single Best Actor award. Its current title, for Best Actor in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.

1950s 

1960s 

1970s 

1980s 

1990s 

2000s 

2010s 

Note: All nominations for multiple performances in a single year from the 1950s to the 1970s, count as one nomination. The two mentions for Michael Caine (1983), Anthony Hopkins (1993) and Sean Penn (2003), count as two separate nominations.

Multiple wins

5 wins
*Peter Finch
4 wins
*Daniel Day-Lewis
3 wins
*Marlon Brando
*Jack Lemmon
2 wins
*Dirk Bogarde
*Colin Firth (consecutive)
*Anthony Hopkins
*Dustin Hoffman
*Burt Lancaster
*Marcello Mastroianni
*Jack Nicholson
*Rod Steiger
Question:
Who won the Best Actor BAFTA in 1993 for his part in Shadowlands
Answer:
Hopkins, Anthony
Passage:
Younger Than Springtime
"Younger Than Springtime" is a show tune from the 1949 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical South Pacific.  It has been widely recorded as a jazz standard.

The song is performed in the first act by Lieutenant Cable when he makes love to his adored Liat, to whom he was only recently introduced by her mother Bloody Mary. The song shows that love just happens and does not follow the rules of racial separation prevalent in the United States at that time.

Andy Williams released a version of the song on his 1958 album, Andy Williams Sings Rodgers and Hammerstein.

Lyrical Analysis

Hammerstein used repetition as a key aspect of the song repeating the words "am I" and "are you" when describing Cable and Liat: "softer than starlight", "gayer than laughter" and "younger than springtime".

Musical Analysis

The song is written in F Major.
Question:
The song 'Younger than springtime' was featured in which musical?
Answer:
The South Pacific
Passage:
Bognor or Bust
Bognor or Bust was a 2004 UK television panel game, on the subject of news and current affairs. Produced by 4DTV for ITV, the show conventionally gave contestants the opportunity to win prizes, yet was comedic in style. It combined members of the public and celebrities on the same panel.

The show was hosted by comic actor and presenter Angus Deayton. His hosting of this show was largely viewed as his next step after being ousted from Have I Got News for You. Designing the style of the show to be similar to that of HIGNFY may have been deliberate.

Before the game began, the two contestants picked two out of a group of four celebrities to play on their team. In Round 1, Deayton asked a series of questions on the week's news, to be answered on the buzzer. At the end of the round, there was a quick recap of the scores. For the End of Part 1, the viewers were shown a picture with something missing, and were asked to guess what it is during the commercial break. In Part 2, the missing object was revealed (to general amusement) and Round 2 commenced. The player in the lead chose one of two pictures that served as (not very good) cryptic clues to a certain category. The team then had to answer a succession of quick-fire questions within that category in a time limit. Afterwards, the process repeated with the other team and the other category. At the end of Round 2, the player with the most points proceeded to the final round.

The final round consisted of a single multiple choice question with two possible answers, on which the contestant can confer with all four celebrities. When answered correctly, the contestant was awarded a paid-for exotic holiday. (The question was based on a story taken from a newspaper from the country from the holiday's destination.) However, if the final question was answered incorrectly, the contestant was instead 'awarded' a trip to the seaside resort Bognor Regis in West Sussex, from which the name of the show was derived, and a randomly selected member of the audience won the exotic holiday. In the context of this show, Bognor was not seen as an upmarket resort and was therefore a satirical booby prize.

Despite steady ratings of three to four million viewers, the series was not recommissioned following its original run.
Question:
Who was the host of the TV game show Bognor or Bust
Answer:
Angus Deayton
Passage:
Used Burns Usa Musical Instruments Product Values by ...
Used Burns Usa Musical Instruments Product Values   by UsedPrice.com
Electric Guitar
2005
Description: Body: Basswood (Tilia, Linden, Lime) - Neck Attachment: Bolt - Neck Wood: Maple - Neck Construction: 3 Piece - Fingerboard: Rosewood - Frets: 21 - Scale Length: 24.75" (63cm) - Headstock: 3+3 - Cutaway: Double - Hardware: 1x Volume Control, 2x Tone Control - Pickups: Alnico Burns Rez-O-matik - Pickup Configuration: 3 - String Instrument Finish: Jet Black, Shadow White
Question:
What type of musical instrument is a Burns Bison?
Answer:
Saddle (guitar)
Passage:
Connective tissue
Connective tissue (CT) is one of the four types of biological tissue that support, connect, or separate different types of tissues and organs in the body. It develops from the mesoderm. The other three types are epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue. Connective tissue is found in between other tissues everywhere in the body, including the nervous system. In the central nervous system, the three outer membranes (the meninges) that envelop the brain and  spinal cord are composed of connective tissue.

All connective tissue apart from blood and lymph consists of three main components: fibers (elastic and collagenous fibers),  ground substance and cells. (Not all authorities include blood  or lymph as connective tissue.) Blood and lymph lack the fiber component. All are immersed in the body water.

The cells of connective tissue include fibroblasts, adipocytes, macrophages, mast cells and leucocytes.

Structure

Connective tissue can be broadly subdivided into connective tissue proper, and special connective tissue.  Connective tissue proper consists of loose connective tissue and dense connective tissue (which is further subdivided into dense regular and dense irregular connective tissues.)  Special connective tissue consists of reticular connective tissue, adipose tissue, cartilage, bone, and blood.  Other kinds of connective tissues include fibrous, elastic, and lymphoid connective tissues.  New vascularised connective tissue that forms in the process of wound healing is termed granulation tissue. 
Fibroblasts are the cells responsible for the production of some CT.

Type I collagen, is present in many forms of connective tissue, and makes up about 25% of the total protein content of the mammalian body. 

Characteristics

Characteristics of CT:
* Cells are spread through an extracellular fluid. 
* Ground substance - A clear, colorless, and viscous fluid containing glycosaminoglycans and proteoglycans to fix the body water and the collagen fibers in the intercellular spaces. Ground substance slows the spread of pathogens.
* Fibers. Not all types of CT are fibrous. Examples of non-fibrous CT include adipose tissue and blood. Adipose tissue gives "mechanical cushioning" to the body, among other functions.   Although there is no dense collagen network in adipose tissue, groups of adipose cells are kept together by collagen fibers and collagen sheets in order to keep fat tissue under compression in place (for example, the sole of the foot). The matrix of blood is plasma. 
* Both the ground substance and proteins (fibers) create the matrix for CT.

Function

Connective tissue has a wide variety of functions that depend on the types of cells and the different classes of fibers involved. Loose and dense irregular connective tissue, formed mainly by fibroblasts and collagen fibers, have an important role in providing a medium for oxygen and nutrients to diffuse from capillaries to cells, and carbon dioxide and waste substances to diffuse from cells back into circulation. They also allow organs to resist stretching and tearing forces. Dense regular connective tissue, which forms organized structures, is a major functional component of tendons, ligaments and aponeuroses, and is also found in highly specialized organs such as the cornea. Elastic fibers, made from elastin and fibrillin, also provide resistance to stretch forces. They are found in the walls of large blood vessels and in certain ligaments, particularly in the ligamenta flava.

In hematopoietic and lymphatic tissues, reticular fibers made by reticular cells provide the stroma—or structural support—for the parenchyma—or functional part—of the organ.

Mesenchyme is a type of connective tissue found in developing organs of embryos that is capable of differentiation into all types of mature connective tissue. Another type of relatively undifferentiated connective tissue is mucous connective tissue, found inside the umbilical cord.

Various type of specialized tissues and cells are classified under the spectrum of connective tissue, and are as diverse as brown and white adipose tissue, blood, cartilage and bone. Cells of the immune system, such as macrophages, mast cells, plasma cells and eosinophils are found scattered in loose connective tissue, providing the ground for starting inflammatory and immune responses upon the detection of antigens.

Clinical significance

It is estimated that 1 in 10 people have a connective tissue disorder.  Diseases of connective tissue include:

*Connective tissue neoplasms including sarcomas such as hemangiopericytoma and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in nervous tissue.
*Congenital diseases include Marfan syndrome and Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
*Myxomatous degeneration – a pathological weakening of connective tissue.
*Mixed connective tissue disease – a disease of the autoimmune system, also undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
*Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) – a major autoimmune disease of connective tissue
*Scurvy, caused by a deficiency of vitamin C which is necessary for the synthesis of collagen.

Staining of connective tissue

For microscopic viewing, most of the connective tissue staining-techniques, color tissue fibers in contrasting shades. Collagen may be differentially stained by any of the following:

* Van Gieson's stain
* Masson's trichrome stain
* Mallory's trichrome stain
* Aniline blue stain
* Eosin
* Reticulin stain
Question:
What name is given to the chord of strong fibrous tissue that attaches a muscle to a bone?
Answer:
Vagina fibrosa
Passage:
Steatopygia
Steatopygia (; from the Greek στέαρ stéar, "tallow"  and πυγή pugḗ, "rump")  is the state of having substantial levels of tissue on the buttocks and thighs. This build is not confined to the gluteal regions, but extends to the outside and front of the thighs, and tapers to the knee producing a curvaceous figure.

History

Steatopygia is a genetic characteristic generally prevalent in women of African origin, most notably among though not limited to the Khoisan. In most populations of Homo sapiens, females are more likely than their male counterparts to accumulate adipose tissue in the buttock region. This genetic characteristic is prevalent among women but also occurs to a lesser degree in men. It has also been observed among the Pygmy people of Central Africa and the Onge tribe of the Andaman Islands. 

Steatopygia would seem to have been a characteristic of a population which once extended from the Gulf of Aden to the Cape of Good Hope, from which peoples the Khoisan and Pygmies may be remnants. Among the Khoisan, it begins in infancy and is fully developed by the time of the first pregnancy. While the Khoisan afford the most noticeable examples of its development, it is by no means rare in other parts of Africa.

It has been suggested that this feature was once more widespread. Paleolithic Venus figurines, sometimes referred to as "Steatopygian Venus" figures,  discovered from Europe to Asia presenting a remarkable development of the thighs, and even the prolongation of the labia minora, have been used to support this theory.  Whether these were intended to be lifelike or exaggeratory, even idealistic, is unknown. These figures do not qualify as Steatopygian, since they exhibit an angle of approximately 120 degrees between the back and the buttocks,  while Steatopygia is diagnosed by modern medical standards at an angle of about 90 degrees only.

Saartjie Baartman is believed to have had this characteristic.
Question:
In humans, steatopygia is a high degree of fat accumulation in and around which part of the body?
Answer:
Asscheeks
Passage:
Know about Joseph Jagger - Roulette Online Game
Know about Joseph Jagger
Mumbels
Joseph Jagger
The full name of Jagger was Joseph Hobson Jagger and he was born in 1830 and died in 1892. Basically He was an engineer but he was popular for playing roulette. Some people believe that his name was Jaggers but most of the research showed that his name was Jagger not Jaggers. He had some type blood connection with Mick Jagger.
He was born in the September of 1830 and his village name Shelf and that village situated near the Halifax of Yorkshire. He worked in cotton industries of Yorkshire as an engineer and from that he got experience about machine.
Link with Roulette
He did a lot research about roulette machines and its behavior and after that he discovered that roulette machines were not random as everybody said and it could have biases that could be turned for a particular slot or number and that number would win a lot. In the 1873 he hired 6 people to secretly record the winning positions of the 6 roulette wheels of 6 famous casinos of that time. After getting the records he came with a decision that for one roulette wheel among the 6 had clear bias, and that wheel made outcomes only for 29, 28, 22, 19, 18, 17, 9, 8 and 7 numbers, and other numbers happened only a few times in a day.
Adventure Began
After the decision, he made his 1st bet on the 7th July of 1875 and won a lot within a shortest period of time. He won Â£14,000 but comparing with amount of current time, that amount will be Â£700,000, 50 times larger than the actual amount. For the next 3 days he won Â£60,000 and after that the casino authority changed the wheel. He marked the wheel earlier and after a few rounds he learnt that the wheel was changed.
Then he went to look for the mark and he found that wheel in other place of the casino. Then he started winning again and everyday the casino authority changing the position of the roulette wheel and at last they broke the wheel and for doing this Jagger loosed a lot but still he had most of his winnings in his hand. After a few days of loosing Jagger left Monte Carlo and he never came back to the city.
Jagger invested all his winnings in different businesses and he got a lot profit from those businesses. In 1892 a song come out with the name The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo and the man who was behind of this song was Jagger and people of the gambling world still uses his name to play and gamble.
Question:
What did Joseph Hobson Jagger 'break' in July 1875?
Answer:
The Bank at Monte Carlo
Passage:
Jericho, Oxford
Jericho is an historic suburb of the English city of Oxford.  It consists of the streets bounded by the Oxford Canal, Worcester College, Walton Street and Walton Well Road. Located outside the old city wall, it was originally a place for travellers to rest if they had reached the city after the gates had closed. The name Jericho may have been adopted to signify this 'remote place' outside the wall. 

History

This was originally an industrial area which grew up because of its proximity to the Oxford Canal, which arrived in 1790. The Eagle Ironworks (now redeveloped into apartments), wharves and the Oxford University Press were based there and its residential streets are mostly 'two-up, two-down' Victorian workers' houses. With back streets of 19th century terraced housing and many restaurants, it has become a popular area for student and London commuter accommodation.

Many reports from the 1870s suggest that early homes in Jericho were built with very poor drainage. Low-lying land and lack of basic drainage in these homes would result in flooding. Flooding, open sewers, and overcrowding resulted in deaths from diseases such as typhoid and dysentery, with five out of eleven typhoid deaths in 1873 originating from Jericho. 

In the 1950s, Jericho was briefly a red light area, and in the early 1960s there were plans to demolish it and replace it with light industrial units and new housing. However, many people objected and campaigned to save this historic area, rallied by local city councillor Olive Gibbs and the Jericho Residents Association. As a result, the plans were changed. Those houses beyond repair were demolished, but many others were upgraded in the late 1960s and early 1970s with the help of council grants. This encouraged many young professionals and families to move in; and subsequently Jericho became one of Oxford's most sought-after areas. Large council and social housing developments were built in the 1970s and 1980s.

Community

Jericho retains a strong community spirit. The Jericho Community Association runs the Jericho Community Centre  in Canal Street, maintains the community website, Jericho Online,  publishes the local newspaper the Jericho Echo  and organizes the annual Jericho Street Fair which is held in mid-June each year, around the feast day of the patron saint Barnabas (11 June). It is also the focus for other community activities and has also been very active in campaigning for responsible development of the canal-side land behind St Barnabas Church, on a part of which it plans to build a new Community Centre.
It is served by a primary school, St Barnabas Primary School, a large primary school where over 50% speak English as a second language.

Appropriately for its biblical name, Jericho is also known for its iconic places of worship. The Church of England parish church is the Anglo-Catholic St Barnabas Church,  next to the Oxford Canal. St Sepulchre's Cemetery lies off Walton Street, which has no associated church and has lost its chapel. The Albert Street Chapel   (Reformed Baptist) is also in the neighbourhood. The Oxford Synagogue (one of the few in England with more than one denomination of Judaism worshipping in the same house) and the Oxford Jewish Centre   are in Jericho.

Castlemill Boatyard is a 160-year-old wharf on the canal in Jericho, previously owned by British Waterways and now closed. British Waterways sold the site to a company that subsequently went into administration. The land has yet to be marketed by the administrators. Since the closure of the yard, Jericho Community Boatyard Ltd has been set up to restore services for Oxford boaters and protect the future of Castle Mill Boatyard. 

The local cinema has had a number of incarnations. It started in 1913 as the North Oxford Kinema.   In 1925, it was renamed The Scala. Then in 1970 it was split in two and became Studios 1 and 2, one of which was well known for showing softcore pornography. In 1977, the cinema revived again after being taken over by the London company Contemporary Entertainments and acquired its current name, the Phoenix, showing first-run and art house films.

Jericho in fiction

Thomas Hardy's novel Jude the Obscure has a scene set in St Barnabas Church, and it is possible that the suburb named 'Beersheba' in the novel is based on Jericho.  As an homage to Hardy, in 1996, one of Jericho's pubs was renamed Jude the Obscure.

The first episode of the long running ITV drama series Inspector Morse, starring British actor John Thaw, called "The Dead of Jericho", was partially filmed in the streets of Jericho, notably Combe Road (which is 'Canal Reach' in the drama). It also featured the exterior of the Bookbinders Arms public house on the corner of Victor Street. The spin-off show Lewis also has stories based around the same area.

Philip Pullman set parts of his novels Northern Lights and Lyra's Oxford in Jericho. In the books, Jericho is home to the water-dwelling "Gyptians". He has been a vocal advocate of the residential boaters' fight to save the Castlemill Boatyard. 

In The Whore's Asylum by Katy Darby (Penguin Group, 2012), the "home for indigent whores" is in Victor Street and the young doctor attending their special medical needs lives in Canal Street. Jericho in 1887 is described (probably inaccurately) as "haunted by drunkards, thieves,and the lowest sort of brazen female as ever lifted her petticoats".
Question:
In which British city is there a district called The Jericho?
Answer:
Oxford, england
Passage:
What is Google Street View? - Definition from WhatIs.com
What is Google Street View? - Definition from WhatIs.com
pneumatics
Google Street View is a feature of Google Maps that enables users to view and navigate through 360 degree horizontal and 290 degree vertical panoramic street level images of various cities around the world. The Street View feature can be used to take virtual walks, explore landmarks or find shops, restaurants and hotels.
The images in Street View are obtained from specially-fitted cars that drive through cities and urban areas, taking panoramic 360 degree recordings of everything they find, including people completing their every-day actions. To protect people’s privacy, Google has implemented technology that blurs people’s faces and provides a way for visitors to flag inappropriate or sensitive imagery for review and removal.
Introduced in May 2007, Google Street View originally covered five major cities and their suburbs in the United States. Today, however, Street View covers the most of the United States, France, Italy, Spain, Australia, New Zealand and Japan.
Learn more
Question:
"Who provides the service called ""Street View"", that enables computer users to take virtual walks of residential areas?"
Answer:
Google community
