Passage:
Construction set
A construction set is a set of standardized pieces that allow for the construction of a variety of different models. The pieces avoid the lead-time of manufacturing custom pieces, and of requiring special training or design time to construct complex systems. This makes them suitable for temporary structures, or for use as children's toys.

Categories

Construction sets can be categorized according to their connection method and geometry:

* Struts of varying length that are connected by nodes are good for building space frames, and often have components that allow full rotational freedom.
**D8h (*228) nodes are used for K'Nex, Tinkertoys, Playskool Pipeworks, Cleversticks
**Ih (*532) nodes are used for Zometool
Spherical magnets

* Panels of varying sizes and shapes
** Panels of varying sizes and shapes are connected by pins or screws perpendicular to the panels, which are good for building linkages such as an Erector Set, Meccano, Merkur, Steel Tec, Lego Technic, Trix, FAC-System and Überstix
** Panels of varying sizes and shapes with flexible panels or hinges between panels such as Tog'l, Jovo Click 'N Construct, Zaks, and Polydron.
* Struts and panels
**Synestructics (does not make pentagonal structures).
**Geomag (components are magnetic).
* Building components with various methods of connection include:
** No connection: toy blocks, Anchor Stone Blocks, KEVA planks, Kapla and [http://unitbricks.com Unit Bricks]
** Studs: Rokenbok, Lego,  Coco, Rasti, Tente, Mega Bloks,  Fischertechnik, Playmobil, Loc Blocs, Cobi blocks, Betta Builda and Oxford, Kre-O
** Notches: Lincoln Logs, GIK, and Stickle bricks
** Sleeves: Capsela

Psychological benefits

Construction toy play is beneficial for building social skills and building trust in others because it acts as a collaborative task where individuals have to cooperate in order to finish the task — building an object out of Lego, for example. The effect was found in high school students. 

For children specifically, children who complete models using toy building blocks have much better spatial ability than children who do not complete such models. Spatial ability also predicts completion of models. 

Construction toy play is also beneficial for autistic children when both individual and group play with building blocks is incorporated. Autistic children who played with building blocks were motivated to initiate social contact with children their age, they were able to maintain and endure contact with those children, and autistic children were also able to surpass the barriers of being withdrawn and being highly structured. 

Influence on Architecture 

Renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright credited his childhood building blocks designed by Friedrich Fröbel as a major influence, and his son John Lloyd Wright created the widely known Lincoln Logs building set. In addition to teaching architectural concepts such as modularity and load-bearing construction, many architects credit construction set play as influencing their later design.
Question:
What is the name of a construction toy made of interlocking plastic blocks?
Answer:
Lego AT-AP
Passage:
Mark Dolan
Mark Dolan (born 17 March 1974) is an English comedian, writer, and television presenter.

Early life

Dolan was born in Camden, London. He attended the University of Edinburgh and performed in the acclaimed improvisational comedy troupe The Improverts.

Career

Television

Dolan is well known as the host of Channel 4 show Balls of Steel, which he presented from 2005 until the shows end in 2008. He is also the presenter of Channel 4 Radio’s satirical show The Weekly Show, which is now in its second series, and the TV documentary series The World's (Something) And Me, where he meets "the world's most extraordinary people", such as The World's Hairiest Person and The World's Strongest Child. This series has proved popular and has aired three seasons of documentaries.
Dolan first came to the public's attention in 2002 after writing and performing in a Comedy Lab entitled The Richard Taylor Interviews. 

In 2006, Dolan helped launch More4 as the host of The Last Word, a nightly topical discussion show. He has also fronted shows for E4, including its launch comedy series, Show Me The Funny, and provides his voice as presenter of a new series for Five called Urban Legends. Dolan is currently the presenter for Sky Movies' weekly movie-news show 35mm  and Channel 4's The Mad Bad Ad Show.

On 16 February 2013, Dolan took part in the fifth series of Let's Dance for Comic Relief as member of "Destiny's Dad" alongside fellow stand up comedians Hal Cruttenden and Shaun Keaveny.

In 2015, Dolan co-hosted "If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World" with British reality TV personality Katie Hopkins.

Stand-up comedy

Dolan started as a stand-up comedian in 2000, reaching the final of Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny competition in his first year of performing. He currently has a Saturday night residency at Soho’s Amused Moose Comedy Club.

At the Edinburgh Festival Mark in 2006, Dolan performed his new one-man show I’m Here To Help!, a format in which the audience submit their real problems at the start of the show, to be solved by Dolan, the rest of the audience, and his mother on the phone. I’m Here To Help! premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2007, at The Gilded Balloon.

Radio

With a background in radio, Dolan has stayed close to the medium in which his career began. Alongside the aforementioned C4 radio show, Dolan is a regular presenter on LBC radio and BBC London, as well as being a panellist on a wide variety of Radio 4 comedy shows including The Personality Test and the Jon Ronson Show.

Dolan has lent his voice to a range of television and radio programmes, including commercials. Dolan is currently developing I'm Here To Help! for TV, and recently finished the third series of Balls of Steel.

Dolan now presents a breakfast show on Fubar Radio, an uncensored radio station based in London.

Personal life

Dolan lives in Highgate with his wife and two sons. He supports Tottenham Hotspur.
Question:
‘Balls of ‘what’ is a UK television comedy series hosted by Mark Dolan?
Answer:
Steel
Passage:
Chorleywood bread process
The Chorleywood bread process (CBP) is a process of making dough in bread production. The process was developed in 1961 by the British Baking Industries Research Association based at Chorleywood, and is now used to make 80% of the UK's bread. Compared to the older bulk fermentation process, the CBP is able to use lower protein wheat, and produces bread in a shorter time.

CBP is able to use lower-protein wheat because some protein is lost during bulk fermentation of traditional bread; this does not occur to the same degree in mechanically developed doughs.

The process had an important impact in the United Kingdom, as at the time, few domestic wheat varieties were of sufficient quality to make high quality bread products, and it therefore permitted a much greater proportion of lower-protein domestic wheat to be used in the grist.

Details 

The Chorleywood bread process allows the use of lower-protein wheats and reduces processing time, the system being able to produce a loaf of bread from flour to sliced and packaged form in about three-and-a-half hours. This is achieved through the addition of ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), fat, yeast, and intense mechanical working by high-speed mixers. The last requirement means that it is difficult to reproduce CBP in a small-scale kitchen.

The CBP is only a method of producing quick-ripened bread dough. Large-scale bread-making with automated processes pre-dates the CBP by at least a century.

Flour, water, yeast, salt, fat, and, where used, minor ingredients common to many bread-making techniques such as Vitamin C, emulsifiers and enzymes are mechanically mixed for about three minutes.

The high-shear mixing generates high temperatures in the dough, which is cooled in some advanced mixers using a cooling jacket. Chilled water or ice may also be used to counteract the temperature rise during high-speed mixing.  Air pressure in the mixer headspace can be controlled to keep gas bubbles at the desired size and number. Typical operating regimes are pressure followed by vacuum, and atmospheric followed by vacuum. The pressure control during mixing affects the fineness of crumb texture in the finished bread.

In typical high-volume bread-production, the dough is cut (divided) into individual pieces and allowed to "recover" for 5–8 minutes (intermediate proofing). Each piece of dough is then shaped (moulded), placed in a baking tin and moved to the humidity- and temperature-controlled proofing chamber, where it sits for about 45–50 minutes. It is now ready to be baked. Baking takes 17–25 minutes at 450 °F (about 230 °C). After baking, the loaves are removed from the baking tin (de-panning) and then go to the cooler, where, about two hours later, they are, where necessary, sliced and packaged and ready for despatch. In UK-standard bread, the dough piece is "cross-panned" at the moulding stage; this involves cutting the dough piece into four and turning each piece by 90° before placing it in the baking tin.    Cross-panned bread appears to have a finer and whiter crumb texture than the elliptical shape of the crumb bubble structure is seen from a different orientation. Cross-panned bread is easier to slice.

Adoption 

CBP is used in over 80 percent of factory-produced bread in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and India. Many smaller bakers also use the CBP to mix their dough which they then process by hand. Many "speciality", "crusty", and organic breads are produced this way.

Modern use 

Since the introduction of the process, many UK domestic wheat varieties have been improved.   Flour suitable for traditional high quality pan bread (11.5% - 13.5% protein) can now be sourced in the United Kingdom. Prior to the CBP, UK bread was hugely reliant on imported wheat, particularly from North America.

Other processes 

* Batch mixing bread process, method currently used in US.
* Continuous mixing bread process, popularized with Wonder Bread in the 1970s
* Vienna bread, early innovative European bread process
Question:
What is produced by the Chorleywood Process?
Answer:
Das Brot
Passage:
At My Mother’s Knee…and Other Low Joints - Amazon.co.uk
At My Mother's Knee ...: Amazon.co.uk: Paul O'Grady: 9780593059258: Books
At My Mother's Knee ...
Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required.
Apple
To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.
or
Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here , or download a FREE Kindle Reading App .
Product details
Publisher: Bantam Press; 1st Edition 1st Printing edition (24 Sept. 2008)
Language: English
Product Dimensions: 16.2 x 2.8 x 24.1 cm
Average Customer Review:
Product Description
Amazon Review
Paul O'Grady, apart from being one of Britain's best loved entertainers, is a classic example of reinvention, as At My Mother’s Knee demonstrates. The young Liverpool entertainer, an altar boy from Irish Catholic Birkenhead, becomes the acid-tongued and outrageous drag queen Lily Savage, and moves from gay pubs to national television, creating something of a British comic institution en route (O'Grady's caustic drag character was a world away from safer predecessors such as Danny La Rue). But O'Grady (like other comic performers such as John Cleese) realised that comic creations can have a limited shelf life, and reinvented himself as ‘Paul O'Grady’, coming out from behind the false breasts and towering wigs as a toned-down (but still camp), more audience-friendly TV presenter (wisely, he retained the abrasive voice and a Scouse accent that could be cut with a knife).
At My Mother's Knee and Other Low Joints is an entertaining autobiography from someone who really does have a life that is worth writing about. Gossipy, sharp and colourful, the cast of characters in Paul O'Grady's life includes rogues and rascals galore, all of whom are evoked here with great comic skill. O'Grady was variously a boxer, a civil servant, a conman and even a cat burglar - all of these failed careers are on display here, as is a surprisingly pungent picture of the Liverpool nightclub scene. When so many showbiz autobiographies these days are written by people who have a barely had a life outside of their fame, it's refreshing to encounter one by somebody whose story would be interesting even if he were not a major TV star. --Barry Forshaw
Review
Paul speaks with warmth and hilarity about a childhood filled with poverty, and reveals a cast of characters with whom he could have created an entire comedy series. Hugely interesting and entertaining. --Jo Hoare, Heat Magazine
At My Mother's Knee distinguishes itself on every level --Carol Ann Duffy, The Observer
While most celeb memoirs are as memorable as an air kiss, O'Grady's is a proper snog --The Scotsman
Question:
'At my Mother's Knee (and other Low Joints)' is the first autobiography by which TV personality?
Answer:
At My Mother's Knee... And Other Low Joints
Passage:
Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum
Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum (born 26 December 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is an American-born German equestrian who competes at the international level in show jumping.

Career 

She grew up riding ponies and had a successful career as a Young Rider, both in equitation and in show jumping. As a young-adult, Michaels-Beerbaum studied political science at Princeton University, continuing to compete during her college years.
She then went to train in Germany with Paul Schockemöhle in 1991, planning to remain only for a summer, which eventually turned into a permanent stay. She decided to buy the training center in Balve.

Personal life 

She is the daughter of film director Richard Michaels and actor Kristina Hansen.

Following her marriage to  the well-known German show jumper Markus Beerbaum in 1998, she changed her citizenship.
Together the Beerbaums have one daughter, Brianne Victoria Beerbaum, born in 2010. Through her marriage, Michaels-Beerbaum is also sister-in-law to Ludger Beerbaum, who has won multiple Olympic and championship medals in show jumping.

Horses 

Current

* Unbelievable (*2001), Dutch Warmblood,  Dark bay gelding, sired by Manhattan, damsire Democraat
* Fibonacci (*2005), Swedish Warmblood, Grey gelding, sired by For Feeling, damsire Corland
* Atlanta (*2005), Dutch Warmblood, Chestnut mare, sired by For Pleasure, damsire Achill-Libero H
* Comanche (*2006), Oldenburg, Grey gelding, sired by Coupe de Coeur, damsire Baloubet du Rouet

Previous

* Bella Donna (*2003), Holsteiner horse, Dark bay mare, sired by Baldini II, damsire Calido I
* Quick Star (* 1982; † 2011), Selle Français, Dark bay stallion, sired by Galoubet A, damsire Stella v. Nithard
* Shutterfly (* 1993), Hanoverian horse, Darkbay gelding, sired by Silvio I, damsire Forrest xx
* Kismet (Benedicte) (* 2001), Belgian Warmblood, Liver chestnut mare, sired by Kannan, damsire Furioso II
* Stella (* 1989), Dark bay mare, sired by Quick Star, damsire Wilson
* Le Mans (* 1995), Chestnut gelding, sired by Leubus, damsire Landadel
* Malou (*2004), Grey mare, sired by Maloubet de Pleville, damsire Carthago
* Cantano (*2000), Holsteiner horse, Bay stallion, sired by Cascavelle, damsire Acord
* Checkmate (*1995), Hanoverian, Darkbay gelding, sired by Contender, damsire Pik Bube II

Achievements

* Gold medal team member, 9th individually, at the 1999 European Championships in Hickstead, England (Stella)
* 5th place at the 2006 World Cup Final in Kuala Lumpur (Checkmate 4)
* Gold medal winner of the 2005 World Cup Final in Las Vegas, NV (Shutterfly)
* Silver medal at the 2004 World Cup Final in Milan, Italy (Shutterfly)
*Nations Cup starts:27 Wins:8
* Ladies German Championships Gold Medal in 1999 and 2001, Silver medal in 2002, Bronze medal in 1998, 4th place in 2004
* German Championships Bronze Medal in 2004, 5th place in 2002
*German Championship Winner in 2008 at Balve Optimum and 2010 at "Turnier der Sieger" in Münster
*First woman to win the World Cup Finals three times (2005, 2008, 2009)
*Ranked #1 in the Rolex World Rankings for 11 consecutive months in 2008 (February–December).
Question:
Beat Mndli, Daniel Deusser, Markus Beerbaum and Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum are world ranking competitors in which sport?
Answer:
Open jumping
Passage:
Myeloid tissue
Myeloid tissue is a biologic tissue with the ability to perform hematopoiesis. It is mainly found as the red bone marrow in bones, and is often synonymous with this. However, myeloid can also be present in the liver and spleen Semester 4 medical lectures at Uppsala University 2008 by Leif Jansson in fetuses (sometimes in adults as well: extramedullary hematopoiesis).
Question:
Found in the human body, what is the more common name for myeloid tissue?
Answer:
Bone marrow barrier
Passage:
Sidecar (cocktail)
The sidecar is a cocktail traditionally made with cognac, orange liqueur (Cointreau, Grand Marnier, Grand Gala or another triple sec), and lemon juice. In its ingredients, the drink is perhaps most closely related to the older brandy crusta, which differs both in presentation and in proportions of its components.

Origin

The exact origin of the sidecar is unclear, but it is thought to have been invented around the end of World War I in either London or Paris. The drink was directly named for the motorcycle attachment.

The Ritz Hotel in Paris claims origin of the drink. The first recipes for the Sidecar appear in 1922, in Harry MacElhone's Harry's ABC of Mixing Cocktails and Robert Vermeire's Cocktails and How to Mix Them.  It is one of six basic drinks listed in David A. Embury's The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks (1948).

In early editions of MacElhone's book, he cites the inventor as Pat MacGarry, "the popular bartender at Buck's Club, London", but in later editions he cites himself. Vermiere states that the drink was "very popular in France. It was first introduced in London by MacGarry, the celebrated bartender of Buck's Club." Embury credits the invention of the drink to an American army captain in Paris during World War I and named after the motorcycle sidecar that the captain used.

Both MacElhone and Vermiere state the recipe as equal parts cognac, Cointreau, and lemon juice, now known as "the French school". Later, an "English school" of sidecars emerged, as found in the Savoy Cocktail Book (1930), which call for two parts cognac and one part each of Cointreau and lemon juice.

According to Embury, the original sidecar had several ingredients, which were "refined away". Embury also states the drink is simply a daiquiri with brandy as its base rather than rum, and with Cointreau as the sweetening agent rather than sugar syrup. He recommends the same proportions (8:2:1) for both, making a much-less-sweet sidecar. However, Simon Difford, in his book Encyclopedia of Cocktails, notes Harry Craddock's ratio of 2:1:1 in The Savoy Cocktail Book, and then suggests a middle ground between Craddock's recipe and the "French School" equal parts recipe of 3:2:2, calling Embury's daiquiri formula "overly dry" for a sidecar. 

The earliest mention of sugaring the rim on a sidecar glass is 1934, in three different books: Burke's Complete Cocktail & Drinking Recipes, Gordon's Cocktail & Food Recipes, and Drinks As They Are Mixed (a revised reprint of Paul E. Lowe's 1904 book).
Question:
Which spirit is the base of a Sidecar cocktail?
Answer:
Brandies
Passage:
Riverside Ground
The Riverside Ground, officially referred to as the Emirates Riverside for sponsorship reasons, is a cricket venue in Chester-le-Street, County Durham, England. It is home to Durham County Cricket Club, and has also hosted several international matches.

History 

The club's acceptance into first-class cricket in 1991 was made conditional on the building of a new Test match-standard cricket ground. Work began on the new ground at the Riverside in a location overlooked by Lumley Castle in 1990, and development has continued in phases until the present day. Work on the outfield and playing surface began in 1993. In its first three seasons in the County Championship, the Club played in a variety of locations around the county, but the Riverside ground was pronounced ready for cricket in time for the 1995 season, even though many of the buildings were still temporary or unfinished. The ground hosted its first game, Durham vs. Warwickshire, on 18 May 1995. 

Other facilities at the ground continued being built over subsequent years, and the club's Don Robson Pavilion was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1996. The full ground capacity, including permanent and temporary seating, is 17,000. 

In September 2008 plans were announced concerning further developments to the ground.  These included installing permanent floodlights, and extending the County Durham stand so that permanent seating surrounds the entire ground, raising the ground capacity to around 20,000. A new entrance building was also planned to house the box office and club shop, as well as offices for club officials, a new perimeter road and a hotel. These developments were seen as a necessity, as the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) have specified that they must take place in order for the ground to secure its status as a venue for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. 

In April 2015, planning permission was granted to erect six permanent 55-metre floodlights around the ground.  Within weeks, the lights were in action as Durham Jets hosted the Yorkshire Vikings in a T20 Blast match. 

International matches

The development of the Riverside into a significant cricketing venue was underscored in 1999, when it hosted two World Cup matches involving Pakistan, Scotland, Australia and Bangladesh, and then in 2000 when it staged two One Day International matches in a triangular series between England, Zimbabwe and the West Indies. In 2001 a One-day International between Australia and Pakistan was abandoned without a ball bowled due to rain. 

2003 saw the Riverside Ground raised to Test match status,  and has hosted five England Test matches, against Zimbabwe in 2003, Bangladesh in 2005, West Indies in 2007 and 2009 and Australia in 2013. The fourth day of the West Indies Test, 18 June 2007, saw Paul Collingwood hitting a century on his home pitch for England against the West Indies, and so becoming the first local Durham player to hit a Test century at the Riverside. 

It was announced in July 2009 that the ground would host the fourth Ashes Test match of the 2013 Ashes series,  the culmination of Durham's growth as a First Class County since 1992 coming after Durham missed out to Cardiff in its bid to host an Ashes test in 2009. Hosting an Ashes Test match was predicted to generate £20 million for the local economy. 

The first scheduled Twenty20 International at the ground, against South Africa in 2008, was abandoned due to heavy rain.  In 2012 South Africa returned for the Riverside Ground's second Twenty20 match, defeating England by 7 wickets,  in a match held alongside a women's T20I against the West Indies.  A second T20I double header was hosted in August 2013, where England defeated Australia in both men's and women's matches. The women's match formed the final encounter of the 2013 women's Ashes series. 

Future international matches scheduled to be held at the Riverside Ground include two ODI matches, against Sri Lanka in 2014 and New Zealand in 2015, with a Test match against Sri Lanka to be held in 2016. 

Sponsorship 

On 4 June 2010 it was announced that the stadium would be renamed the 'Emirates Durham International Cricket Ground' for sponsorship reasons. In February 2016 it was again renamed. This time to 'Emirates Riverside', following the extension of Emirates contract with the county until 2022.
Question:
Which cricket team play home matches at the Riverside Ground?
Answer:
Durham (disambiguation)
Passage:
Follow the Sun (film)
Follow the Sun is a 1951 biographical film of the life of golf legend Ben Hogan. It stars Glenn Ford as Hogan and Anne Baxter as his wife. Many golfers and sports figures of the day appear in the movie.

Plot summary

In Fort Worth, Texas, Ben Hogan (Glenn Ford) works as a golf caddy to help support his family. He romances and marries Valerie Fox (Anne Baxter), then with her support, decides to become a professional golfer. At first, Hogan has little success, but he gradually improves. Meanwhile, the Hogans become friends with Chuck Williams (Dennis O'Keefe), a popular fellow pro.

After serving in the military for World War II, Hogan returns to golfing and eventually becomes a top player. However, he has acquired an image of a robotic, cold competitor.

After winning a tournament (beating Williams), Hogan is very seriously injured in a car accident. Doctors hold out little hope for him walking, let alone golfing again. During his convalescence, Hogan is amazed to by the outpouring of regard from his fans. Through sheer determination, he recovers and goes on to become one of the great golfers of his time.

Cast

* Glenn Ford ...  Ben Hogan 
* Anne Baxter ...  Valerie Hogan 
* Dennis O'Keefe ...  Chuck Williams 
* June Havoc ...  Norma Williams
* Larry Keating ...  Sportswriter Jay Dexter 
* Roland Winters ...  Dr. Graham 
* Nana Bryant ...  Sister Beatrice 
* Harold Blake ...  Ben Hogan, Age 14 
* Ann Burr ...  Valerie, Age 14  
* Jimmy Demaret ...  Himself 
* Cary Middlecoff ...  Himself  
* Grantland Rice ...  Himself, Toastmaster  
* Sam Snead ...  Himself

Radio adaptation

Follow the Sun was presented on Lux Radio Theatre March 10, 1952. The one-hour adaptation starred Anne Baxter and Gary Merrill.
Question:
Which sport is featured in the 1951 film, Follow The Sun?
Answer:
Scramble (golf)
Passage:
Legendary creature
A legendary creature is an animal described in non-historical stories that sometimes involve the supernatural. Other legendary animals, such as the unicorn, were claimed in accounts of natural history by various scholars of antiquity.

The definitions of legendary and mythological have been debated with no widely agreed upon application. Some legendary creatures have their origin in traditional mythology and were believed to be real creatures, for example dragons, griffins, and unicorns.   Others were based on real encounters, originating in garbled accounts of travelers' tales, such as the Vegetable Lamb of Tartary, which supposedly grew tethered to the earth (and was actually a type of fern). 

Medieval symbolism of legendary creatures 

The origins to many legendary creatures can be found in writings from the Middle Ages. These descriptions emerged as ways to convey important concepts and messages through symbolism and metaphor rather than function as literal interpretations. Medieval accounts of these creatures often appear quite whimsical, but it should be understood that portraying the natural world’s physical accuracy was not likely a relevant priority.

Unicorns have a variety of interesting descriptions. These creatures were described as extraordinarily swift and unable to be caught by traditional methods.  It was believed that the only way for one to catch this beast was to lead a virgin to its dwelling. Then, the unicorn was supposed to leap into her lap and go to sleep, at which point a hunter could finally capture it. In terms of symbolism, the unicorn was a metaphor for Christ. Unicorns represented the idea of innocence and purity. In the King James Bible, Psalm 92:10 states, "My horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn." This is because the translators of the King James erroneously translated the Hebrew word re'em as unicorn. The unicorn was described as a sort of young goat with a solitary horn in the middle of its brow. In Christian hermeneutics, the single horn represents the unity between The Father and Christ.  The unicorn’s small size signifies the humility of Christ.

Another common legendary creature which served allegorical functions within the Middle Ages was the dragon. Dragons were identified with serpents, though their attributes were greatly intensified. The dragon was supposed to have been larger than all other animals. It was believed that the dragon had no harmful poison but was able to slay anything it embraced without any need for venom. Biblical scriptures speak of the dragon in reference to the devil, and they were used to denote sin in general during the Middle Ages. Dragons were said to have dwelled in places like Ethiopia and India, based on the idea that there was always heat present in these locations.

Medieval communities did not only apply legendary characteristics to imaginary animals. Existing creatures were often given extraordinary descriptions. Vultures were considered to be virtuous, and promote good health.  Remedies for migraines, eye problems, and possession were derived from vultures. It was said rubbing its grease into a traction animal you are selling would always allow one to receive the asking price. Dogs also acquired many mythological connotations. It was believed that the gall of a black male dog could act as a talisman protecting a house from evil medicines. Also, the tick from the left ear of a dog, worn as an amulet, was said to relieve all pains. Elephants were frequently utilized for symbolic purposes. As with many interpretations of our world in medieval times, the elephant’s significance alluded to religion. It was said that elephants illustrated God’s graciousness to man.  "God ordained the elephant, so vast in size, to be subject to man…because we have been made in the likeness of God and may observe His incalculable wisdom in the biggest of animals."

While many of these creatures serve the purpose of symbolizing religious concepts, others point to social aspects of the medieval period. This is evidenced in the centaur. The invention of the stirrup allowed people to become more unified with their horses. This led to a revolutionary way of conducting battle from horseback, and embodied the ideology behind the mythological centaur. Historian Lynn White argued that the stirrup was the most critical development in medieval Europe. White concluded, "Antiquity imagined the Centaur; the early Middle Ages made him the master of Europe."  Stirrups played a crucial role in the lives of people at this time, and the centaur served as an appropriate symbol to express this importance.

Imaginary or not, animals served allegorical functions for people in this time period. Physical detail was not the central focus of the artists depicting them, and medieval bestiaries were not proper biological categorizations. Creatures like the unicorn and griffin were not categorized in a separate "mythological" section in medieval bestiaries. Such a distinction was irrelevant as the symbolic implications were of primary importance. Animals we know to have existed were still presented with a fantastical approach. It seems the religious and moral implications of animals were far more significant than matching a physical likeness in these renderings. In The Medieval Artist’s Dilemma in Depicting Animals, Nona C. Flores explains, "By the tenth century, artists were increasingly bound by allegorical interpretation, and abandoned naturalistic depictions."

The rationale for why people told these tales and rendered animals in such an imaginative way must be considered in order to gain a more complete understanding of these legendary creatures. When considering the idea of magic in medieval minds, historian Richard Kieckhefer explains, "Magic is not meant to work but to express wishes, or to encode in symbols a perception of how things do or should work."  Medieval attempts to understand nature were not typically parallel to modern efforts. It was likely not the goal of people in the Middle Ages to depict their world for what it was materially, but rather what it could represent conceptually.
Question:
Which legendary creature has the body,back legs and tail of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle?
Answer:
Griphon
Passage:
Evaporated milk
Evaporated milk, known in some countries as unsweetened condensed milk, is a shelf-stable canned milk product with about 60% of the water removed from fresh milk. It differs from sweetened condensed milk, which contains added sugar.  Sweetened condensed milk requires less processing since the added sugar inhibits   bacterial growth.

The product takes up half the space of its nutritional equivalent in fresh milk. When the liquid product is mixed with a proportionate amount of water, evaporated milk becomes the rough equivalent of fresh milk. This makes evaporated milk attractive for shipping purposes as it can have a shelf life of months or even years, depending upon the fat and sugar content. This made evaporated milk very popular before refrigeration as a safe and reliable substitute for perishable fresh milk, which could be shipped easily to locations lacking the means of safe milk production or storage.

The process involves the evaporation of 60% of the water from the milk, followed by homogenization, canning, and heat-sterilization. 

Evaporated milk infant formulas

 
In the 1920s and 1930s, evaporated milk began to be widely commercially available at low prices.  The Christian Diehl Brewery, for instance, entered the business in 1922, producing Jerzee brand evaporated milk as a response to the Volstead Act.   Several clinical studies from that time period suggested that babies fed evaporated milk formula thrive as well as breastfed babies.  Modern guidelines from the World Health Organization consider breastfeeding, in most cases, to be healthier for the infant because of the colostrum in early milk production as well as the specific nutritional content of human breast milk. 

Definition 

Evaporated milk is fresh, homogenized milk from which 60 percent of the water has been removed. After the water has been removed, the product is chilled, stabilized, packaged and sterilized.  It is commercially sterilized at 240-245 °F (115-118 °C) for 15 minutes. A slightly caramelized flavor results from the high heat process, and it is slightly darker in color than fresh milk.  The evaporation process concentrates the nutrients and the food energy (kcal); unreconstituted evaporated milk contains more nutrients and calories than fresh milk.

Reconstitution and substitution

Evaporated milk is sometimes used in its reduced form; however, to reconstitute evaporated milk to be equivalent to normal milk, mix 1 part by volume of evaporated milk with 1 1/4 parts of water. Where evaporated milk is required but not available, it can be replaced by simmering 2 1/4 parts of fresh milk down to 1 part. A comparable result is obtained by simmering down 2 parts of almond milk.

In the United States 

According to the United States Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Chapter 1, Part 131, Sub part B, Section 130  "Evaporated milk", (April 2006) 

    (a) Description. Evaporated milk is the liquid food obtained by 
partial removal of water only from milk. It contains not less than 6.5 
percent by weight of milk fat, not less than 16.5 percent by weight of 
milk solids not fat, and not less than 23 percent by weight of total 
milk solids. Evaporated milk contains added vitamin D as prescribed by 
paragraph (b) of this section. It is homogenized. It is sealed in a 
container and so processed by heat, either before or after sealing, as 
to prevent spoilage.
...

Sections (b) - (f) of the above code regulate vitamin addition, optional ingredients, methods of analysis, nomenclature, and label declaration. 

In Malaysia and Singapore 

It is added in brewed tea and coffee to make Teh C and Kopi C respectively.

In the Netherlands and Germany 

It is widely used as a whitener (Creamer) for coffee.

In Latin America 

It is widely used for desserts, added to coffee, tea to create a rich and delicious " Leche con café" or " Te con leche", which is made with half water, half evaporated milk and either coffee or tea and sugar to taste.

Shelf life 

The shelf life of canned evaporated milk will vary according to both its added content and its proportion of fat. For the regular unsweetened product a life of fifteen months can be expected before any noticeable destabilization occurs. 

Notable producers 

Evaporated milk is sold by several manufacturers:

* Carnation Evaporated Milk (the brand is now owned by Nestlé and licensed to Smuckers in Canada)
* PET Evaporated Milk (now owned by Smuckers)
* Magnolia evaporated milk - (now produced by Eagle Family Foods owned by Smuckers )
* Viking Melk (Norway) - invented by Olav Johan Sopp in 1891, a Nestlé brand since 1897
* F&N Evaporated Milk
* Rainbow Milk, a brand of Royal Friesland Foods
* Nordmilch AG (Now DMK Deutsches Milchkontor) - Germany
* Jerzee Evaporated Milk (purchased in 2006 from Diehl Food Products)
* O-At-Ka Evaporated Milk
* Vitalait Evaporated Milk (Senegal)
* Luna Evaporated Milk
Question:
What famous brand of evaporated milk, created in 1899, got its start as the Pacific Coast Condensed Milk Company, in Kent, before changing its name and moving east of Seattle, founding a town in the process?
Answer:
Carnations
