Passage:
Rated R - Rihanna — Listen and discover music at Last.fm
Rated R - Rihanna — Listen and discover music at Last.fm
Rated R
dark
Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna, released November 23, 2009 on Def Jam Recordings in the United States. The album's first single "Russian Roulette", written and produced by Chuck Harmony and singer-songwriter Ne-Yo, was released on October 20, 2009. The album sold 181,442 in its first week of release in the U.S., making it her highest selling week ever. It is Rihanna's first album to come with a Parental Advisory warning label. However… read more
Tracklist
Question:
Which female singer released the album 'Rated R' in 2009?
Answer:
RihRih
Passage:
Mercury prize 2009 nominations announced | Music | The ...
Mercury prize 2009 nominations announced | Music | The Guardian
Mercury prize 2009
Mercury prize 2009 nominations announced
Florence and the Machine, Kasabian and Bat for Lashes are favourites to win the £20,000 prize, while La Roux and Glasvegas are also hotly tipped
Tuesday 21 July 2009 06.47 EDT
First published on Tuesday 21 July 2009 06.47 EDT
Close
This article is 7 years old
The Mercury prize nominations for 2009's best album have been announced, and the list features the eclectic lineup of newcomers, chart stars and unknowns the prestigious award has become known for.
Florence and the Machine, Kasabian and Bat for Lashes are the favourites to walk away with the £20,000 prize, voted for by a panel of critics and music industry figures. Synth-pop duo La Roux and Scottish indie-rock quartet Glasvegas are also hotly tipped.
Among the lesser-known artists are south London rapper Speech Debelle and art-rock trio the Invisible, while eccentric quintet Led Bib and folk group Sweet Billy Pilgrim make up the more leftfield nominations.
Typically for the Mercury prize, the omissions are as surprising as the artists that made the final cut. Both Lily Allen (who was also overlooked for her 2006 debut album Alright, Still) and Manchester group Doves were rumoured to be odds on to win, but neither have been nominated.
The Mercury prize was established in 1992 as an alternative to the more commercially minded Brit awards. A panel of industry experts, including journalists, musicians and independent-label executives, debate the merits of what they believe to be the finest British albums from the past year, regardless of sales or radio play. Previous winners include Portishead, PJ Harvey and Arctic Monkeys.
But the Mercury prize's reputation as an awards ceremony that celebrates quality over sales has come in for a bashing in recent years as the prize itself grows in stature. "I think there's a tendency for a knee-jerk negative reaction to the Mercury nominations – to see what's not on the list, what they've missed out," said the Guardian's chief pop critic Alexis Petridis. "The whole concept behind the shortlist is really nebulous. Is it artistic endeavour? Or is it a degree of commercial success, because there's certainly never any outright commercial flops on the list?" Petridis continues: "There's not a vast amount in the way of dance or urban music, nor are there artists with any kind of lengthy history. I'm not sure what happened to Manic Street Preachers' nomination, but there you go."
As for Lily Allen and that phantom nomination, the singer has already taken to her Twitter page to say, "I hope La Roux wins".
The winner of this year's award will be announced on 8 September 2009.
Nominations for the Mercury prize 2009 (with odds from bookmaker William Hill)
Florence and the Machine – Lungs 5/1
Kasabian – West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum 5/1
Bat for Lashes – Two Suns 6/1
La Roux – La Roux 6/1
Question:
Whose album Two Suns was nominated for the 2009 Mercury Music Prize?
Answer:
Bat for lashes
Passage:
Kettlebell Circuits for MMA, BJJ, and Martial Arts ...
Kettlebell Circuits for MMA, BJJ, and Martial Arts | Breaking Muscle
Kettlebell Circuits for MMA, BJJ, and Martial Arts
Coach
        
It is very easy to get lost in the moment during the tense theater of battle while watching a Brazilian jiu jitsu competition, boxing match, or mixed martial arts event. Competing martial artists generally practice their skills and train for hundreds of hours longer than their matches ever last, and the number of different training modalities necessary to be successful can be overwhelming. Conditioning the martial arts athlete might not be as easy as it seems at first and there are many schools of thought.
 
The martial arts athlete should be very wise when implementing any strength and conditioning training that does not directly involve enhancing specific combat skills. As a strength and conditioning coach for several MMA fighters, I have always lived by the philosophy that the training I do with these athletes should only enhance all of their other training. Most competitive combat sport athletes train at least twice a day and I have found that too many strength coaches overwork these athletes, as if it was another 10-round sparring session. Or, even worse, coaches implement ineffective conditioning programs that do not benefit the athlete or add to their overall training. I am not here to break down my athletes, or even more importantly, waste their time. I have to give them exactly what they need to complement their skills to be successful in competition.
 
Conditioning for the combat athlete is not exactly simple. These athletes need to have a balance between quick, explosive, and repetitive strength production, as well as have the endurance capacity to maintain these qualities over a match lasting anywhere from 5 to 25 minutes. Some coaches like implementing long runs. Though these runs might be effective for a completely unconditioned athlete who needs to create a foundation, if used too much you will have a weak and non-explosive athlete. On the other hand, if you solely concentrate on explosive work, such as Olympic lifting, you have an explosive athlete with little stamina, who better connect with the first couple of punches or else he/she is going to gas out and become a human punching bag for the opponent.
 
So, it sounds like an impossible task to train for both explosive strength and endurance and to do it without running your athlete to the ground. It can be accomplished, though, and one of the best tools I have found for the job is using the kettlebell for training circuits. By manipulating different weights, using dynamics exercises, and varying time intervals, kettlebells allow the combat athlete to be strong, explosive, and have a high level of endurance to maintain those qualities over the course of their match.
 
In this article I am going to show you how I use kettlebell circuits with my athletes. You do not need to train or even be a combat athlete to enjoy the benefits of these circuits. All you need is a kettlebell or two and the desire to get better.
 
When I create and customize kettlebell circuits for combat athletes there are a few concepts I consider when incorporating them into the athlete’s overall program:
 
Kettlebell exercises should be multi-joint movements that enhance athletic movements, like squats, lunges, and swings.
Circuit times should be around a 2:1 work to rest ratio. I prefer 20-60 seconds of work and 10-30 seconds of rest. I also like to make the total circuit times replicate the rounds for their competition. For example, if a round in competition is 3 minutes then the circuit total time should be around 3 minutes of work as well.
Each exercise should be safe to perform at a continuous and fast rate.
The exercise selection should be balanced and organized properly. You want to incorporate double joint movements (squats, deadlifts, 2-arm swings) with unilateral (single-sided) movements as well (lunges, Romanian deadlifts, and 1-arm swings).
 
Below are some examples of strength and conditioning circuits I use to get my athletes in shape and performing at their best.
Question:
Lasting anywhere from 1 to 3 minutes, what are the intervals that make up a boxing match called?
Answer:
Rounded
Passage:
Child Is Father of the Man
"Child Is Father of the Man" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks. Originally recorded by the American rock band the Beach Boys, it was to be included on their projected album Smile. Due to the project's abandonment, the intended nature of the piece is mostly unknown. The result left is a nearly instrumental piece with the words "child" and "father of the man" sung over the chorus. Biographer Jon Stebbins describes the track: "a brooding and expansive aura, with a plaintive harmonica line not dissimilar to those heard on Ennio Morricone spaghetti western soundtracks." 

In 2004, Wilson completed the track for his album Brian Wilson Presents Smile. This rerecorded version incorporated an additional set of lyrics penned by Parks. In 2011, the Beach Boys' version was released for the first time as part of The Smile Sessions box set.

Composition

"Child is father of the man" is an idiom originating from the poem "My Heart Leaps Up" by William Wordsworth. In a 1966 interview, Wilson mistakenly attributed it to Karl Menninger, and added that the saying had fascinated him.  There exist many different interpretations of the phrase, the most popular of which is man being the product of habits and behavior developed in youth. According to collaborator Van Dyke Parks, he brought up the idiom to Wilson.

Recording

Several sections of the song were recorded, but aside from a group piano demo, only one variation of the chorus's backing track was overdubbed with vocals sung in elaborate musical rounds. The structure was never finalized. According to The Smile Sessions compiler Mark Linett, "When he's not singing, you can hear faint background vocal parts that no longer exist on the multitrack. They must have been in his headphones, and were picked up by the vocal mic. It could be that Brian decided he didn't need them, or that he was going to re-record them, but never did. You hear this sort of stuff throughout the tapes."  The song was worked on between October and December 1966. After one more revisit in April 1967, the track was abandoned forever by the group.

Decades later in both The Smile Sessions and Brian Wilson Presents Smile, the song was included as the third track of the second movement. "Child Is Father of the Man" precedes "Surf's Up" and follows "Look (Song for Children)". On The Smile Sessions, some vocals from "Surf's Up" were digitally inserted into the instrumental track. When rerecorded by Wilson in 2004, he sang newly written lyrics by Parks (Easy, my child / It's just enough to believe / Out of the wild / into what you can conceive / You'll achieve).   

Legacy

The song's chorus was later rewritten and rerecorded as the chorus for "Little Bird", a song on the band's 1968 Friends album released as a single.  It was then quoted within the closing section of "Surf's Up", which ended up appearing on their 1971 album of the same name.
Personnel

;The Beach Boys
* Carl Wilson – vocals (The Smile Sessions)
Question:
Who wrote the line 'The Child is Father of the Man'?
Answer:
WORDSWORTH
Passage:
Peter Andre
Peter Andre (born Peter James Andrea; 27 February 1973 in Harrow, London) is an English-Australian singer, songwriter, businessman, presenter and television personality of Greek Cypriot descent.

He gained popularity as a singer, best known for his successful singles "Mysterious Girl" and "Flava". He is also known for appearing on the third series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!, and the thirteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing, in which he was partnered with Janette Manrara.

During his time on I'm A Celebrity, Andre developed an on-screen romantic relationship with fellow contestant, Katie Price. Andre and Price got married two years after the show's finale; they had two children, and released the 2006 album A Whole New World together, before divorcing in 2009.

In 2009, Andre released the album Revelation with the single "Behind Closed Doors", which reached No. 4 on the UK Singles Chart. He followed it up with his sixth studio album Accelerate in 2010.

Early life

Peter Andre was born on 27 February 1973 in Harrow, London. The family lived on the Gold Coast in Queensland during Andre's teenage years. In 1989, 16-year-old Andre became a contestant on the show New Faces, on which he was offered a recording contract for $146,000. During this time, Andre attended Benowa State High School on the Gold Coast. He was raised as a Jehovah's Witness, but is now lapsed.  

Television

During their marriage, Andre and Katie Price launched the Katie & Peter franchise on ITV2 which documented their life together. The franchise included several fly-on-the-wall reality series which comprised When Jordan Met Peter, Jordan & Peter: Laid Bare and Jordan & Peter: Marriage and Mayhem (2004–05); Katie & Peter: The Next Chapter, Katie & Peter: The Baby Diaries and Katie & Peter: Unleashed (2007); Katie & Peter: Down Under; and Katie & Peter: African Adventures (2008); and Katie & Peter: Stateside in 2009. Their 2009 separation resulted in their individual shows being recorded: Peter Andre: The Next Chapter continued on ITV2 until 2011, followed by Peter Andre: Here 2 Help (2011) and Peter Andre: My Life (2011–13).

In July 2010, Andre and Jason Manford were team captains on the ITV series Odd One In.

In 2013, Andre was a guest judge on the ITV entertainment series Your Face Sounds Familiar.

In 2013, he guest-presented five episodes of Sunday Scoop on ITV. Since 11 November 2013, Andre has presented 60 Minute Makeover, which has been re-branded as Peter Andre's 60 Minute Makeover.

In 2014, Andre released the song "Kid" for the film Mr. Peabody & Sherman which is the lead single from his album Big Night. 

On 8 October 2014, Andre co-hosted the ITVBe opener with Jamelia.  In 2014, Andre became the new face to feature in supermarket Iceland's television commercials.

Andre is currently starring in the ITV weekly show Give a Pet a Home which works alongside the RSPCA in Birmingham. 
In August 2015, he was announced as a contestant for the thirteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing which began in September 2015 in which he was partnered with Janette Manrara. They went out just before the quarter final; on week 10, and therefore finished seventh place.

Personal life

Andre began dating glamour model Katie Price after they met on reality show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in early 2004. The couple got engaged secretly in May of the same year but it wasn't announced publicly until months later. Andre married Price on 10 September 2005 in Highclere Castle, Hampshire. They have two children together: son Junior Savva, born on 13 June 2005, and daughter Princess Tiaamii Crystal Esther, born on 29 June 2007.  While married to Price, Andre was stepfather to her son Harvey, a blind and autistic child from Price's earlier relationship with football player Dwight Yorke. 

In May 2009, it was announced that André and Price had separated after 3½ years of marriage.  They were officially divorced on 8 September 2009. 

Since July 2012, Andre has been in a relationship with medical student Emily MacDonagh, who is 16 years his junior.  MacDonagh gave birth to Andre's third child, a girl named Amelia, on 7 January 2014.  Andre and MacDonagh married on 11 July 2015 in Exeter at Mamhead House.
On 26 May 2016, Andre announced that his wife MacDonagh is pregnant with the second child for the couple.   

Discography

* Peter Andre (1993)
* Natural (1996)
* Time (1997)
* The Long Road Back (2004)
* A Whole New World (with Katie Price) (2006)
* Revelation (2009)
* Unconditional: Love Songs (2010)
* Accelerate (2010)
* Angels & Demons (2012)
* Big Night (2014)
* Come Fly with Me (2015)
* White Christmas (2015)

Filmography

Television

*I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (2004, 2011) – Contestant; 3rd place 
*When Jordan Met Peter (2004) – Himself
*Jordan & Peter: Laid Bare (2005) – Himself
*Jordan & Peter: Marriage and Mayhem (2005) – Himself
*Katie & Peter: The Next Chapter (2007–2008) – Himself
*Katie & Peter: The Baby Diaries (2007) – Himself
*Katie & Peter: Unleashed (2007) – Co-presenter
*Katie & Peter: Down Under (2008) – Himself 
*Katie & Peter: African Adventures (2008) – Himself
*Katie & Peter: Stateside (2009) – Himself 
*Peter Andre: Going It Alone (2009) – Himself
*Peter Andre: The Next Chapter (2009–2011) – Himself
*Odd One In (2010–2011) – Team captain/regular panellist
*Peter Andre: Here 2 Help (2011) – Himself
*Peter Andre: My Life (2011–2013) – Himself
*Peter Andre's Bad Boyfriend Club (2012) – Himself
*Your Face Sounds Familiar (2013) – Guest judge
*Sunday Scoop (2013) – Co-presenter
*Peter Andre's 60 Minute Makeover (2013–) – Presenter
*ITVBe launch show (2014) – Co-presenter
*Big Star's Little Star (2015) – Contestant
*Give a Pet a Home (2015) – Celebrity contributor
*Strictly Come Dancing (2015) – Contestant; 7th place 
*Loose Women (2016) – Guest panelist

He also appeared on Through the Keyhole.
Question:
What was Peter Andre's first top ten entry (1996)
Answer:
Mysterious Girl
