Passage:
Roy Greenslade
Roy Greenslade (born 31 December 1946) is Professor of Journalism at City University London  and has been a media commentator since 1992, most especially for The Guardian. He writes a daily blog on The Guardian media site and wrote a column for the London Evening Standard for ten years from 2006.  

Early life and career

He was educated at Dagenham County High School (1957–63) and, aged 17, was hired by the Barking and Dagenham Advertiser. After serving a three-year indentureship he joined the Lancashire Evening Telegraph in Blackburn as a sub-editor before spending 18 months as a sub at the Manchester office of the Daily Mail.

At The Sun and elsewhere

In 1969, he entered Fleet Street as a news sub on The Sun, which had just been acquired by Rupert Murdoch. He had a brief spell with the Daily Mirror in 1972 before returning to The Sun as deputy chief sub-editor, first with the news desk and later in the features department.

He left The Sun in 1974 to write his first book and to take a degree in politics at the University of Sussex. He worked his way through university with part-time subbing jobs at the Brighton Argus, BBC Radio Brighton, the Sunday Mirror and Reveille. After graduating in 1979, he joined the Daily Star in Manchester for six months until being seconded to the Daily Express in London. He was soon appointed features editor of the Daily Star.

In 1981 he returned to The Sun as assistant editor. He was very involved in the move from Fleet Street to Wapping. Five years later, he transferred to The Sunday Times, first running the Review Section before becoming managing editor (news). In 1990, he was appointed by Robert Maxwell as editor of the Daily Mirror.

While editor of the Daily Mirror, Greenslade was at the centre of a controversy after he rigged a competition in the paper to make sure it was unwinnable.  He admitted his behaviour in October 2011 at a seminar at the Leveson Inquiry: ″On behalf of my proprietor Robert Maxwell I fixed a game offering a million pounds to anyone who could spot the ball and ensured that no-one won. Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea culpa.″ 

He departed in March 1991 and later that year was consultant editor for three months to both The Sunday Times and Today.

The Guardian and other outlets

From 1992 until 2005 he was media commentator for The Guardian. He presented BBC Radio 4's Mediumwave (1993–95) and in 1996 was the launch presenter of Britain Talks Back on Granada Talk TV. He has continued to be a regular broadcaster on media matters.

After leaving The Guardian, he then spent three months with The Daily Telegraph in a similar capacity before returning to The Guardian to launch a media blog and began to write a weekly media column for the Evening Standard. His column for what is now the London Evening Standard lasted for ten years until April 2016, but he remains a contributor to the newspaper.  In the context of a changing industry, Greenslade concluded his last column for the London Evening Standard with the observation: "Whatever happens, this I know:journalism, the trade I have practised for more than 50 years, must survive. Without it, democracy itself is imperilled".

Other work

He is on the board of the academic quarterly, the British Journalism Review, and is a trustee of the media ethics charity, MediaWise. In 2003, he was appointed Professor of Journalism at City University London in succession to Hugh Stephenson.

Greenslade has been credited with coining the term: "The Hierarchy of Death" as well as writing extensively on the subject.  

He is also the author of three books, Goodbye to the Working Class (1976), Maxwell's Fall (1992) and Press Gang: How Newspapers Make Profits from Propaganda (2003).

Irish republicanism

During the late 1980s, when he was managing news editor of The Sunday Times, he secretly wrote for An Phoblacht, a newspaper published by Sinn Féin.  His pseudonym was 'George King'. This was exposed by Nick Davies, a Guardian colleague and instigator of the journalistic investigation into phone hacking. When Greenslade reviewed Davies's book on his blog in 2008, he did not deny his writings for An Phoblacht.  Greenslade also spoke at a Sinn Féin conference in London on the 30th anniversary of the hunger strikes, and he wrote an article on the same subject for An Phoblacht. He has had a house in County Donegal for many years, and a close personal friend is Pat Doherty, who from 1988 until 2009 was vice president of Sinn Féin, and who has been publicly named as a former member of the IRA Army Council.   He also stood surety for IRA member John Downey, one of the suspects in the 1982 bombing of Hyde Park which killed four soldiers. 

Personal life

He is married to Noreen Taylor, the former Daily Mirror journalist and mother of actress Natascha McElhone.
Question:
Which national newspaper has been edited by Roy Greenslade, Colin Myler and Piers Morgan?
Answer:
The Daily Mirror
Passage:
Repeat sign
In music, a repeat sign is a sign that indicates a section should be repeated. If the piece has one repeat sign alone, then that means to repeat from the beginning, and then continue on (or stop, if the sign appears at the end of the piece). A corresponding sign facing the other way indicates where the repeat is to begin. These are similar to the instructions da capo and dal segno.

When a repeat calls for a different ending, numbered brackets above the bars indicate which to play the first time (1), which to play the second time (2), etc. These are called "first-time bars" and "second-time bars," or "first and second endings." They are also known as "volta brackets" and have no limit to how many there can be.

In Unicode

In Unicode, repeat signs are part of the Musical Symbols and are coded as follows:

Other notation

When only standard  keyboard characters are available, the punctuation marks vertical bar and colon are used to represent repeat signs: |: ... :|

In Gregorian chant, a repeat is indicated by a Roman numeral following a section. This is common particularly in a Kyrie, where the lines followed by "iii" are to be repeated three times (corresponding to the correct liturgical form).

In shape-note singing, repeat signs usually have four dots, between each line of the staff. The corresponding sign to show where the repeat is from is either the same sign reversed (if it is at the beginning of a bar), or the dots themselves (if it is in the middle of a bar). First and second endings are given with just the numbers above the corresponding bars. Repeats notated at the beginning of a verse, or given with multiple lines of text per verse, are generally required; the repeats given for most songs of the final few lines are optional, and almost always used only for the final verse sung.
Question:
What would you do if you found the instruction 'Da Capo' on a piece of music?
Answer:
REPEAT FROM THE BEGINNING
Passage:
White Nile
The White Nile ( ') is a river of Africa, one of the two main tributaries of the Nile, the other being the Blue Nile. In the strict meaning, "White Nile" refers to the river formed at Lake No at the confluence of the Bahr al Jabal and Bahr el Ghazal Rivers.

In the wider sense, the term White Nile refers to the rivers draining from Lake Victoria into the White Nile proper (Victoria Nile, Kyoga Nile, Albert Nile, Bahr-al-Jabal). It may also, depending on the speaker, refer also to the headwaters of Lake Victoria (about  from the most remote sources down to Khartoum)

The 19th century search by Europeans for the source of the Nile was mainly focused on the White Nile, which disappeared into the depths of what was then known as 'Darkest Africa'. The White Nile's true source was not discovered until 1937, when the German explorer Burkhart Waldecker traced it to a stream in Rutovu at the base of Mount Kikizi.

When in flood the Sobat River tributary carries a large amount of sediment, adding greatly to the White Nile's color. 

Headwaters of Lake Victoria 

The Kagera River, which flows into Lake Victoria near the Tanzanian town of Bukoba, is the longest feeder river for Lake Victoria, although sources do not agree on which is the longest tributary of the Kagera and hence the most distant source of the Nile itself. 

The source of the Nile can be considered to be either the Ruvyironza, which emerges in Bururi Province, Burundi,  near Bukirasaz or the Nyabarongo, which flows from Nyungwe Forest in Rwanda.  The two feeder rivers meet near Rusumo Falls on the Rwanda-Tanzania border.

The falls are notable because of an event on 28–29 April 1994, when 250,000 Rwandans crossed the bridge at Rusumo Falls into Ngara, Tanzania in 24 hours, in what the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees called "the largest and fastest refugee exodus in modern times". The Kagera forms part of the Rwanda–Tanzania and Tanzania–Uganda borders before flowing into Lake Victoria.

In Uganda 

The river arising from Lake Victoria is known as the Victoria Nile. The place where it arises, just outside Jinja, is marked by a monument. After Nalubaale Power Station and Kiira Power Station at the mouth, the river goes through Bujagali Falls (location of Bujagali Power Station) about 15 kilometres downstream from Jinja.

It then flows north and westwards through Uganda, feeding into Lake Kyoga in the centre of the country and then out west. At Karuma Falls, the river sweeps under Karuma Bridge () at the southeastern corner of Murchison Falls National Park.

During much of the insurgency of the Lord's Resistance Army, Karuma Bridge, built in 1963 to help the cotton industry, was the key stop on the way to Gulu, where vehicles would gather in convoy before being provided with a military escort for the final run north. In 2009, the Government of Uganda announced plans to construct a 750-MW hydropower project several kilometres north of the bridge, which is scheduled for completion in 2016. 

The World Bank had approved to fund a smaller 200-MW power plant, but Uganda opted for a bigger project, which the Ugandans will fund internally, if necessary. 

Just before entering Lake Albert, the river is compressed into a passage seven metres in width at Murchison Falls, marking the entry into the western branch of the East African Rift. The river flows into Lake Albert opposite the Blue Mountains in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The river exiting Lake Albert to the north is known as the Albert Nile. It separates the West Nile sub-region of Uganda from the rest of the country. A bridge passes over the Albert Nile near its inlet in Nebbi District, but no other bridge over this section has been built. A powered ferry connects the roads between Adjumani and Moyo: navigation of the river is otherwise done by small boat or canoe.

The Mountain Nile  

The Albert Nile continues north to Nimule, where it enters South Sudan and becomes known as the Mountain Nile or Baḥr al-Jabal   (also Baḥr el-Jebel, ), literally "Mountain River" or "River of the Mountain". Bahr al Jabal also formerly lent its name to the state of Central Equatoria.

The Bahr al-Jabal then winds through rapids before entering the Sudan plain and the vast swamp of the Sudd. It makes its way to Lake No, where it merges with the Bahr el Ghazal and there forms the White Nile. An anabranch river called Bahr el Zeraf flows out of the Bahr al-Jabal at and flows through the Sudd, to eventually join the White Nile.

The Bahr al-Jabal passes through Juba, the capital of South Sudan, which is the southernmost navigable point on the Nile river system, and then to Kodok, the site of the 1898 Fashoda Incident that marked an end to the Scramble for Africa.

The river flows north into Sudan and lends its name to the Sudanese state of White Nile, before merging with the larger Blue Nile at Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, and forming the River Nile.
Question:
In which country does the White Nile leave Lake Victoria?
Answer:
Ugandese
Passage:
Army of Republika Srpska
The Army of Republika Srpska (); Serbian, Bosnian, Croatian Vojska Republike Srpske (VRS)), also referred to as the Bosnian Serb Army, was the military of the Republika Srpska, an area which was previously the "Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina", a self-proclaimed state within the internationally recognized territory of the sovereign Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

In 2003 the army began to integrate into the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2005 a fully integrated unit of Serbs, Bosniaks, and Croats was deployed to augment the US-led coalition forces in Iraq. On 6 June 2006, it was fully integrated into the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina controlled by the Ministry of Defence of Bosnia and Herzegovina.  

History 

The Army of the Republika Srpska (VRS) was founded on 12 May 1992 from the remnants of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from which Bosnia and Herzegovina had seceded the same year. When the Bosnian War erupted, the JNA formally discharged 80,000 Bosnian Serb troops. These troops, who were allowed to keep their heavy weapons, formed the backbone of the newly formed Army of the Republika Srpska.  Aside from being made up almost entirely of Serb Orthodox officers and recruits from Bosnia and Herzegovina, the VRS also utilized the services of approximately 4,000 foreign Orthodox Christian volunteers to participate in combat operations during the Bosnian War. 1,000-1,500 of these came from Russia, and Bulgaria,  with 700 volunteers originating from Russia specifically.  100 Greeks also volunteered to fight on the side of the Bosnian Serbs, forming the Greek Volunteer Guard which allegedly participated in the Srebrenica massacre. 

The military leader of the VRS was General Ratko Mladić, who is now indicted at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for genocide, as are other high-ranking Serb officers.  Mladić was arrested in Serbia on 26 May 2011.

Special units 

* Panthers Guard Special Brigade (), East-Bosnian Corps 
* Wolves from the Drina, or Drina Wolves (), Drina Corps
* Special Unit "MANDO" (), East-Bosnian Corps
* Special Unit "OSMACI" (), Drina Corps
* Serb Guard Ilidža (), Sarajevo-Romanija Corps
* White Wolves ()

Organization 

1993 

* 1st Krajina Corps – Banja Luka
* 2nd Krajina Corps – Drvar
* 3rd Corps – Bijeljina
* East Bosnia Corps – Han Pijesak
* Herzegovina Corps – Bileća

1995 

* 1st Krajina Corps – Banja Luka
* 2nd Krajina Corps – Drvar
* East Bosnia Corps – Bijeljina
* Sarajevo-Romanija Corps – Pale
* Drina Corps – Han Pijesak
* Herzegovina Corps – Bileća

2001 

* 1st Corps – Banja Luka
* 3rd Corps – Bijeljina
* 5th Corps – Sokolac
* 7th Corps – Bileća

Equipment 

Tanks and armoured vehicles 

* M-84
* T-55
* T-34
* BVP M-80
* OT M-60
* BTR-50
* BOV

Towed artillery 

* M-56
* D-30
* M-30
* M-46
* D-20
* M-84
* M-1
* ZiS-3

Self-propelled artillery 

* 2S1 Gvozdika

MLRS 

* M-63 Plamen
* M-77 Oganj
* M-87 Orkan

ATGW 

* AT-3 and AT-5

Antitank guns 

* T-12

Anti-aircraft guns 

* ZSU-57-2
* M53/59 Praga
* BOV-3
* ZU-23-2

MANPADs and SAMs 

* SA-7
* SA-18
* SA-6
* SA-9

Infantry weapons 

* Zastava M70
* Zastava M72
* Zastava M84
* Zastava M76
* Heckler & Koch MP5
* M79 Rocket Launcher
* M80 Zolja

Republika Srpska Air Force 

Formerly known as Ratno Vazduhoplovstva i Protiv Vazdušna Odbrana Vojska Republike Srpske or RV i PVO RS. Beginning on 1 June 2004, the Republika Srpska Air Force was officially called, Prvi Puk Vazduhoplovstva i Protiv Vazdušna Odbrana Vojske Republike Srpske, also known as 1st Aviation Regiment and Air Defence Force of the Republic of Srpska's Army.
Question:
Name the Bosnian Serb army commander tried at The Hague in 2012 for war crimes against Bosnia 1992-95?
Answer:
Radko Mladic
Passage:
Banana Island
Banana Island, is an artificial island off the foreshore of Ikoyi, Lagos.

Architectural history

The original Banana Island construction project entitled Lagoon City was the brainchild of the Late Chief Adebayo Adeleke, a University of London trained Civil Engineer (MICE), and CEO of City Property Development Ltd.

Chief Adebayo Adeleke had originally commissioned a new urban development in Maroko, Victoria Island, but that project had been 'acquired' by the Lagos State government with no financial consideration paid. Following a lengthy 10 year court case, Lagos State government offered other parcels of land as consideration for the Maroko development.

Many scoffed at Chief Adeleke's decision to select the Ikoyi Island perimeter, however they were unable to appreciate the foresight of the Chief, who promptly engaged the Westminster Dredging Company to dredge the foreshore, and create six interlinked and symmetrical islands.

He wanted to create a development that would "Make Nigeria Proud", and engaged Minoru Yamasaki the architect of Manhattan's Twin Towers, to design replica twin towers as the flagship iconic buildings on the main island.

To complete the Lagoon City concept, Chief Adeleke planned an aesthetic design including a City Airport, which was a vision conceived long before the London Docklands Development, London City Airport, Dubai's Palm Islands or Hong Kong's Chek Lap Kok Airport.

Unfortunately for the Chief, as soon as he had reclaimed the land and the brilliance of the idea was unveiled, others were determined to wrestle the land from him, and the project was 'acquired' again with no consideration being paid to City Property Development Limited. The 'acquisition' is currently being challenged in various courts, and there are Caveat Emptor warnings in place to warn prospective buyers that their investment could be at risk in future. There is also litigation pending in the UK and European courts regarding this matter.

The subsequent developers were principally interested in maximising the yield of the land at the expense of the aesthetic innovative design foreseen by Chief Adebayo Adeleke. Consequently, the land was filled in to create a banana shaped island, which has resolutely failed to achieve any international iconic architectural acclaim, as it is now a residential scheme rather than the commercial development originally envisaged.

Banana Island, is an area of Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria, 8.6 kilometres east of Tafawa Balewa Square. Part of the Lagos Local Government Area of Eti-Osa in Central Lagos, it is known for its wealthy, multi-cultural community and has some of the most expensive real estate in Nigeria.  Banana Island has one of the highest density of millionaires within its boundaries. 

Design

Banana Island is a man-made island in Lagos State, Nigeria that is slightly curved in shape – like a banana.  It is located in the Lagos Lagoon and is connected to Ikoyi Island by a dedicated road which is linked to the existing road network near Parkview Estate.  The island was constructed by the Lebanese-Nigerian Chagoury Group in partnership with the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing    and is considered to be on par with the Seventh Arrondissement in Paris, La Jolla in San Diego, and Tokyo’s Shibuya and Roppongi neighbourhoods.

It occupies a sand-filled area of approximately 1,630,000 square metres and is divided into 536 plots (of between 1000 and 4000 square metres in size) mainly arranged along cul-de-sacs, so designed to enhance the historically residential nature of Ikoyi. Residents are provided with world class utilities including underground electrical systems (versus the overhead cabling common throughout Lagos), an underground water supply network, a central sewage system and treatment plant, and street lighting and satellite telecommunications networks. 

The Island is a planned, mixed development with dedicated areas for residential, commercial and recreational activities.  On the residential side of the Island, planning permission is not granted for dwellings over 3 storeys high. The developers also intend to develop a main piazza, a club-house, a primary and secondary school, a fire and police station and a medical clinic. They are also negotiating to build a 5-star hotel on the island, along with an array of smaller Guest Houses.

Composition

Banana Island hosts several high end residential developments such as Ocean Parade Towers   - a series of 14 luxury tower blocks strategically situated at one end of the island to take advantage of 180 degree panoramic views overlooking the lagoon. Similar to many of the developments on the island, it has dedicated leisure facilities such as a private health club - with tennis courts, squash courts and a swimming pool surrounded by extensive gardens.   At launch flats in Ocean Parade sold for over US$400,000. 

Several leading Nigerian and International corporates such as - Etisalat Nigeria,  Airtel Nigeria,  Ford Foundation Nigeria  and Olaniwun Ajayi & Co  - are also based on Banana Island.

Notable residents

*Mike Adenuga - Billionaire owner of Globacom - Nigeria’s second-largest telecom operator and oil exploration firm Conoil. 
*Iyabo Obasanjo - Daughter of former President Olusegun Obasanjo and Oluremi Obasanjo, Elected to the Nigerian Senate representing Ogun Central Senatorial District of Ogun State,  Senior Fellow at Harvard's Advanced Leadership Initiative.
*Saayu Dantata - Son of Alhassan Dantata - the wealthiest man in West Africa at the time of his death in 1955.
*Kola Abiola - son of MKO Abiola - prominent businessman, publisher and politician. He is widely regarded as the presumed winner of the 1993 presidential elections.
Question:
Banana Island is the most expensive property in a special edition of monopoly based on which Nigerian city?
Answer:
Lagos city
Passage:
Dili
Dili (Portuguese/Tetum: Díli, Indonesian: Kota Dili) is the capital, largest city, chief port and commercial centre of East Timor.

Geography and administration

Dili lies on the northern coast of Timor island, the easternmost of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It is the seat of the administration of the district of Dili, which is the administrative entity of the area and includes the island of Atauro and some cities close to Dili city. The city is divided into the subdistricts of Nain Feto, Vera Cruz, Dom Aleixo and Cristo Rei and is divided into several sucos, which are headed by an elected chefe de suco. 18 of the 26 sucos of the four subdistricts are categorised as urban. 

There is no city administration beside the district administrator, who was appointed by state government. The East Timorese government started to plan in 2009 to change the status of districts into municipalities. These will have an elected mayor and council. 

Demography

The 2010 census recorded a population of 193,563 in the areas of Dili district classified as urban, with a population of 234,331 in the whole district including rural areas such as Atauro and Metinaro.

Dili is a melting pot of the different ethnic groups of East Timor, due partly to the internal migration of young men from around the country in search of work.  This has led to a gender imbalance, with the male population significantly larger than the female.  Between 2001 and 2004, the population of Dili district grew by 12.58%, with only 54% of the district's inhabitants born in the city.  7% were born in Bacau, 5% each in Viqueque and Bobonaro  4% in Ermera, and the remainder in other districts or overseas. 

Climate

Dili has a Tropical wet and dry climate under the Köppen climate classification.

History

Dili was settled about 1520 by the Portuguese, who made it the capital of Portuguese Timor in 1769.  It was proclaimed a city in January 1864. During World War II, Portugal and its colonies remained neutral, but the Allies saw East Timor as a potential target for Japanese invasion, and Australian and Dutch forces briefly occupied the island in 1941.  In the night of 19 February 1942, the Japanese attacked with a force of around 20,000 men, and occupied Dili before spreading out across the rest of the colony.  On 26 September 1945, control of the island was officially returned to Portugal by the Japanese.

East Timor unilaterally declared independence from Portugal on 28 November 1975. However, nine days later, on 7 December, Indonesian forces invaded Dili. On 17 July 1976, Indonesia annexed East Timor, which it designated the 27th province of Indonesia, Timor Timur (Indonesian for East Timor), with Dili as its capital. A guerrilla war ensued from 1975 to 1999 between Indonesian and pro-independence forces, during which tens of thousands of East Timorese and some foreign civilians were killed. Media coverage of the 1991 Dili Massacre helped revitalise international support for the East Timorese independence movement.

In 1999, East Timor was placed under UN supervision and on 20 May 2002, Dili became the capital of the newly independent Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste. In May 2006, fighting and rioting sparked by conflict between elements of the military caused significant damage to the city and led to foreign military intervention to restore order.

Buildings and monuments

Most buildings were damaged or destroyed in the violence of 1999, orchestrated by the Indonesian military and local pro-Indonesia militias (see Operation Scorched Earth).  However, the city still has many buildings from the Portuguese era. The former Portuguese Governor's office is now the office of the Prime Minister. It was previously also used by the Indonesian-appointed Governor, and by the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET).

Even under Indonesian rule, during which the Portuguese language was banned, Portuguese street names like Avenida Marechal Carmona remained unchanged, although they were prefixed with the Indonesian word Jalan or 'road'. The Roman Catholic Church at Motael became a focus for resistance to Indonesian occupation. Legacies of Jakarta's occupation are the Church of the Immaculate Conception, seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Díli, purportedly the largest cathedral in Southeast Asia, and the 'Integration Monument', commemorating the Indonesian annexation of the territory in 1976. Featuring a statue of an East Timorese in traditional dress, breaking the chains round his wrists, the monument has not been demolished.

The Cristo Rei of Dili is a 27-metre (88.6 ft) tall statue of Jesus situated on top of a globe at the end of a peninsula in Dili. It is one of the town's landmarks.  It was a present from the Indonesian Government during occupation for the 20th anniversary of East Timor's integration into Indonesia.

Education

Schools in Dili include St. Joseph’s High School (Colégio de São José).
There are four International schools in Dili, a Portuguese school by the name of Escola Portuguesa Ruy Cinatti, an Australian managed school by the name of Dili International School, an American government sponsored school called QSI International School of Dili and the Maharlika International School (Formerly Dili Education & Development Center), a Philippine International School.  East Timor's major higher education institution, the Universidade Nacional de Timor-Leste, is based in Dili.

Transportation

Dili is served by Presidente Nicolau Lobato International Airport, named after independence leader Nicolau Lobato.  This is the only functioning international airport in East Timor, though there are airstrips in Baucau, Suai and Oecusse used for domestic flights.  Until recently, Dili's airport runway has been unable to accommodate aircraft larger than the Boeing 737 or C-130 Hercules, but in January 2008, the Portuguese charter airline EuroAtlantic Airways operated a direct flight from Lisbon using a Boeing 757, carrying 140 members of the Guarda Nacional Republicana. 

Under Portuguese rule, Baucau Airport, which has a much longer runway, was used for international flights, but following the Indonesian invasion this was taken over by the Indonesian military and closed to civilian traffic.

Twin towns – Sister cities

Dili is twinned with the following places:
Question:
Dili is the capital of which country?
Answer:
Operation STABILISE
Passage:
Frances Tomelty
Frances Tomelty (born 6 Oct 1948) is a Northern Irish actress.

Career

Tomelty was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, the daughter of actor Joseph Tomelty (5 March 1911 – 7 June 1995). She has featured in series including Bergerac, Inspector Morse, Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married, Strangers, Midsomer Murders and Coronation Street, Cracker, as well as many films including Bellman and True, Monk Dawson, Bullshot and The Field. She was Lady Macbeth in the Old Vic's disastrous 1980 production of Macbeth, with Peter O'Toole in the title role. 

Tomelty's roles in recent years include the drama series Spooks, Casualty, The Amazing Mrs Pritchard, Holby City, Law & Order: UK, The Royal, Waking the Dead, Silent Witness,  Unforgotten as well as big-budget adaptations Atlantis, Merlin, The White Queen, and A Perfect Spy, and the film Chéri.

Personal life

On 1 May 1976, Tomelty married musician Gordon "Sting" Sumner – best known as the lead singer and bassist for the rock band The Police – after knowing him for two years. They met on the set of a rock-musical called Rock Nativity.  She played the Virgin Mary; he played in the band. They have two children together, Joseph (born 23 November 1976) and Fuchsia Katherine ("Kate") (born 17 April 1982). Sumner left Tomelty for his current wife Trudie Styler, and the couple divorced in 1984. The split was controversial; as The Independent reported in 2006, "The problem was, he was already married – to actress Frances Tomelty, who just happened to be Trudie's best friend (Sting and Frances lived next door to Trudie in Bayswater, west London, for several years before the two of them became lovers). The affair was widely condemned – not least because it coincided with the break-up of the Police."
Question:
Which music star married Frances Tomelty in 1976?
Answer:
Sting (pain)
Passage:
Joey Buttafuoco
Joseph A. "Joey" Buttafuoco (born March 11, 1956) is an auto body shop owner from Long Island. He is best known for having had an affair with Amy Fisher. Fisher, who was 17 years old at the time, subsequently shot Buttafuoco's wife, Mary Jo Buttafuoco, in the face. Popular news coverage titled Fisher the "Long Island Lolita."  Buttafuoco subsequently pleaded guilty to one count of statutory rape and served four months in jail. 

Shooting incident

On May 19, 1992, Amy Fisher shot Mary Jo Buttafuoco in the right side of the face. Fisher had come to the Buttafuocos' house to confront Mary Jo Buttafuoco about Joey Buttafuoco, with whom she had been having an affair since July 1991 after Fisher brought her vehicle to Buttafuoco's auto body shop in Baldwin, Nassau County. When Mary Jo answered the door, Fisher—posing as her own (fictitious) sister Ann Marie—offered as proof of the affair a T-shirt that Joey had given her, with the logo of his auto body shop on it. The front porch confrontation escalated, and when Mary Jo demanded that Fisher leave and turned to go into the house and call Joey, Fisher shot her in the face with a .25 caliber semiautomatic pistol. Once Mary Jo regained consciousness, she identified Fisher as her assailant.

The investigation of the shooting and the subsequent court cases involved a series of conflicting claims, and received significant news coverage in both mainstream news outlets and tabloids.  Buttafuoco's lawyer maintained that Buttafuoco was never involved with Fisher and Fisher had invented the affair, while Fisher's lawyer portrayed Fisher as a victim whom Buttafuoco manipulated into the shooting. 

After Fisher's assault conviction, Buttafuoco was indicted on 19 counts of statutory rape, sodomy, and endangering the welfare of a child. He initially pleaded not guilty.  He later changed his plea to guilty, admitting he had sex with Fisher when she was 16 and that he had known her age at the time.   He was sentenced to six months' jail time, and was released after serving four months and nine days of the sentence. 

After his release from prison, Joey and Mary Jo Buttafuoco moved to California, where Mary Jo filed divorce papers in Ventura County Superior Court on February 3, 2003. 

Unrelated charges

Buttafuoco has been charged with crimes on several occasions since the 1992 shooting incident.

* In 1995, he pleaded no contest to a solicitation of prostitution charge and was fined and placed on probation for two years. 
* In 2004, he was sentenced to a year in jail and five years of probation after pleading guilty to auto insurance fraud. As part of the sentence, he is prohibited from working in the auto body industry in California for the rest of his life. 
* In August 2005, he was charged with illegal possession of ammunition. As a convicted felon, he is legally not permitted to own ammunition. Probation officers found the ammunition during a search of his home. He pleaded no contest and began serving his sentence on January 8, 2007.  He was released on April 28, 2007.

Media appearances

The significant coverage of the shooting incident made Buttafuoco a minor celebrity. During Fisher's trial, Buttafuoco appeared frequently on mainstream and tabloid news programs and talk shows, and gave multiple interviews to all forms of media. David Letterman, in his last year of hosting Late Night with David Letterman, discussed the incident so often that Buttafuoco's name was a recurring punchline,  while Saturday Night Live parodied the case in multiple sketches. 

In 2002, Buttafuoco participated in the Fox Network's Celebrity Boxing, originally slated to oppose John Wayne Bobbitt, who dropped out due to being arrested for domestic abuse. Bobbitt was replaced by female pro wrestler Joanie "Chyna" Laurer.  Buttafuoco, despite being booed, won the fight in a majority decision (29–28, 29–27, 28–28).

In 2006, he and Amy Fisher were reunited at the Lingerie Bowl for the coin toss.   In a story reported in the New York Post, reality show producer David Krieff suggested that Buttafuoco and Fisher were then "dating" again, although this was not supported by any direct statements from either Buttafuoco or Fisher.  On May 23, 2007, Mary Jo Buttafuocco appeared on CNN's Larry King Live program to discuss the recent reunion of her ex-husband and the former "Long Island Lolita." At the time, Buttafuoco's second wife, Evanka, had recently filed for divorce, but withdrew her divorce petition on June 22, 2007. 

Buttafuoco appeared on the Judge Jeanine Pirro show on March 5, 2009. He sued a woman who had attempted to pay for $4,700 in repairs to her Corvette in sexual favors rather than money. Buttafuoco won the case.

In 2012, Buttafuoco appeared on the Fox News program Justice with Judge Jeanine, offering commentary on a murder-for-hire plot.

Buttafuoco appeared on Judge Alex on November 1, 2012. He sued his friend Rob Spallone's company over a dispute regarding the rental of a frozen ice truck for Buttafuoco's nephew's birthday party. Buttafuoco won the case and Spallone was ordered to pay $4,400 in damages.

TV and film career

Buttafuoco made his film debut as a cab driver in Cul-de-Sac (video title: Better Than Ever). He subsequently appeared in The Underground Comedy Movie, Mafia Movie Madness, Skin Walker, Finding Forrester and Operation Repo: The Movie.
Question:
March 11, 1958 was the birthday of statutory rapist Joey Buttafuoco, who achieved his fame when what underage mistress, known as the Long Island Lolita, shot his wife?
Answer:
Amy Fisher
Passage:
Frank Williams (actor)
Frank Williams (born 2 July 1931)  is an English actor best known for playing Timothy Farthing, the vicar in the popular BBC comedy Dad's Army. Following the death of Pamela Cundell in 2015, he and Ian Lavender are the last surviving major cast members. He reprised the role of Farthing in the 2016 film adaptation of the series. 

Biography

Born in London, Williams was educated at Ardingly College, West Sussex and Hendon School (then Hendon County School). He appeared regularly in the TV series The Army Game (1957–60) as Captain Pocket. His film roles include Norman Wisdom films: The Square Peg (1958), The Bulldog Breed (1960), and A Stitch In Time (1963). He had a leading role in the BBC TV series Diary of a Young Man (1964), which was partly directed by Ken Loach, in addition to small parts in numerous popular TV series of the 1950s and 1960s.

It is however for his role in Dad's Army   as Timothy Farthing, that Williams is best known. Coincidentally, while at Hendon County, he had played the lead in the school play of his final year, The Ghost Train, written nearly 30 years earlier by Arnold Ridley, who would become one of his fellow actors in Dad's Army.

In 1970, he starred with Tessie O'Shea in the short-lived sitcom As Good Cooks Go. In 1967 and again in 1971, Williams appeared in an episode of All Gas and Gaiters as one of the vicars choral. In 1972, at the height of his Dad's Army fame, he had a cameo role in Monty Python's Flying Circus. He also had an occasional role as a Bishop in You Rang, M'Lord?.

He lived for many years in Edgware, Middlesex. Until 2000, he was a lay member of the General Synod of the Church of England. Williams was a guest on This Morning on Thursday 31 July 2008, talking about Dad's Army with fellow cast members, Ian Lavender and Bill Pertwee. He also appeared on BBC1's Jonathan Ross Salutes Dad's Army show on Sunday 3 August 2008.  

He is the author of several plays, including The Playing Fields and Murder Weekend, some of which have been performed in the pro-amateur theatre.

His autobiography, Vicar to Dad's Army: the Frank Williams story, was published in 2002.

With other surviving members of the Dad's Army cast he walked in the 100th Birthday parade for Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, whose favourite programme it had been.

Williams is the patron of Veneratio, a charity established to counter the social isolation of the elderly.
Question:
What was the name of the vicar in ‘Dad’s Army’?
Answer:
Warden Hodges
Passage:
Eurasian hobby
The Eurasian hobby (Falco subbuteo), or just simply hobby, is a small slim falcon. It belongs to a rather close-knit group of similar falcons often considered a subgenus Hypotriorchis.

Description

Adults are slate-grey above with a dark crown and two short black moustachial stripes. The throat is unstreaked white, thighs and undertail coverts are unstreaked rufous and rest of the underparts are whitish with black streaks. Close views enable the red "trousers" and vent to be seen. Sexes are similar. Juveniles are generally much browner, with scaled upper parts and streaked buffy thighs and undertail coverts.

The hobby has a distinct first-summer plumage.

This falcon is  in length with a wingspan of 74 – and a weight of 175 –.

File:Falco subbuteo from Kadzidlowo.jpg|Falco subbuteo from Kadzidlowo
File:Kobuz (Falco subbuteo).jpg|Juvenile Falco subbuteo portrait
File:Falco subbuteo kobuz1.jpg|In flight

Taxonomy and systematics

This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae in 1758 as Falco subbuteo.

Currently two subspecies are recognized:

* F. s. subbuteo: the nominate race is resident in Africa, Europe and Central and East Asia, winters in Central and South Africa and South Asia
* F. s. streichi: described by Hartert and Neumann in 1907, is smaller in size and is found further east of F. s. subbuteos distribution range

The genus name falco derives from Late Latin falx, falcis, a sickle, referring to the claws of the bird. The species name subbuteo is from Latin sub, "near to" and buteo, " buzzard" . The species' English name comes from Old French hobé or hobet. It became the trademark for the Subbuteo games company after its creator was refused permission to register "Hobby". 

Distribution and status

This species breeds across Africa, Europe and Asia. It is a long-distance migrant, wintering in Africa and Asia.

Behaviour and ecology

It is a bird of open country such as farmland, marshes, taiga and savannah. They are widespread in lowlands with scattered small woods. It is an elegant bird of prey, appearing sickle-like in flight with its long pointed wings and square tail, often resembling a swift when gliding with folded wings. It flies powerfully and fast. It will take large insects, such as dragonflies, which it transfers from talons to beak and eats while soaring slowly in circles. It also captures small bats  and small birds like swallows, swifts, pipits etc. in flight. Its speed and aerobatic skills enable it to take swallows and even swifts on the wing, and barn swallows or house martins have a characteristic "hobby" alarm call. It is known to harass swallows while they are roosting and dispersing from roosts. When not breeding, it is crepuscular, hawking principally in the mornings and evenings. While on migration, they may move in small groups.

Hobbies nest in old nests of crows and other birds. The tree selected is most often one in a hedge or on the extreme edge of a spinney, whence the bird can observe intruders from a considerable distance. It lays 2–4 eggs. Incubation is said to take 28 days and both parents share in this duty, though the female does the greater part.

It is a very bold and courageous bird and was used in falconry, trained to hawk birds like quails, larks, hoopoes, drongos, etc.
Question:
Falco subbuteo is the scientific name for which small falcon?
Answer:
HOBBY
