Passage:
Skateboarding trick
A skateboarding trick, or simply a trick, is a maneuver performed on a skateboard while skateboarding. Skateboarding tricks may vary greatly in difficulty.

History

Though skateboards emerged in the 1940s, skateboarding tricks like the ones done today did not appear until decades later. In the 1970s and earlier, the most common tricks were "2D" freestyle types such as wheelies, manuals, and pivots. Only later in the 1970s and early 1980s were common modern-day tricks like the ollie and kickflip invented by Alan “Ollie” Gelfand and Rodney Mullen, setting the stage for other aerial tricks. 

Types

Ollie

An Ollie is a jump where the front wheels leave the ground first.  This motion is attained with a snap of the tail (from the backfoot) and sliding your front-foot forward to reach any altitude.  A lot of technical tricks transpire from this element (e.g. the kickflip, heelflip, 360-flip). A nollie is when the back wheels leave the ground first, or relatively, it's a switch-stance ollie riding fakie.

Indy Grab

An Indy Grab involves floating in the air, while either using a hand to hold the board against the feet or keeping constant and careful pressure on the board with the feet to keep it from floating away.  Indy Grab usually combine rotation with different grabs. This class of tricks was first popularized when Tony Hawk became famous for his frontside airs in empty swimming pools in the late 1970s and has expanded to include the bulk of skateboarding tricks to this day, including the ollie and all of its variations.   The 900 and 1080  fall under the class of aerials, though these are commonly confused with aerial grabs.

Flip tricks

Flip tricks are a subset of aerials which are all based on the ollie. An example is the kickflip, the most widely known and performed flip trick. The board can be spun around many different axes as part of a flip trick, thus combining several rotations into one trick. These tricks are undoubtedly most popular among street skateboarding purists, although skaters with other styles perform them as well. Combining spins and flips is extremely popular in today's culture. A common trick in skateboarding lines is a 360 flip, or tre flip. A 360 flip is the combination of a skateboard spinning 360 degrees and a kickflip. There are also double kickflips and triple kickflips which are very difficult but highly regarded in the skateboarding culture.

Freestyle

Freestyle skateboarding tricks are tricks specifically associated with freestyle skateboarding.

Slides and grinds

Slides and grinds involve getting the board up on some type of ledge, rail, or coping and sliding or grinding along the board or trucks, respectively. When it is primarily the board which is contacting the edge, it's called a slide; when it's the truck, it is a grind. Grinding and sliding skateboards started with sliding the board on parking blocks and curbs, then extended to using the coping on swimming pools, then stairway handrails, and has now been expanded to include almost every possible type of edge.

Lip tricks

Lip tricks are done on the coping of a pool or skateboard ramp. Most grinds can be done on the coping of a ramp or pool as well, but there are some coping tricks which require the momentum and vertical attitude that can only be attained on a transitioned riding surface. These include inverts and their variations as well as some dedicated air-to-lip combinations.
Question:
What's the trick of riding on a hand rail using skates or a skateboard called?
Answer:
Grind (disambiguation)
Passage:
Sing a Song of Sixpence
"Sing a Song of Sixpence" is a well-known English nursery rhyme, perhaps originating in the 18th century. It is also listed in the Roud Folk Song Index as number 13191.

Lyrics

A common modern version is:
Sing a song of sixpence,
A pocket full of rye.
Four and twenty blackbirds,
Baked in a pie.

When the pie was opened,
The birds began to sing;
Wasn't that a dainty dish,
To set before the king?

The king was in his counting house,
Counting out his money;
The queen was in the parlour,
Eating bread and honey.

The maid was in the garden,
Hanging out the clothes,
When down came a blackbird
And pecked off her nose.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 394-5.

The final line of the fourth verse is sometimes slightly varied, with nose pecked or nipped off. One of the following additional verses is often added to moderate the ending:

They sent for the king's doctor,
who sewed it on again;
He sewed it on so neatly,
the seam was never seen.

or:

There was such a commotion,
that little Jenny wren
Flew down into the garden,
and put it back again.

Origins

The rhyme's origins are uncertain. References have been inferred in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night (c. 1602), (Act II, Scene iii), where Sir Toby Belch tells a clown: "Come on; there is sixpence for you: let's have a song" and in Beaumont and Fletcher's Bonduca (1614), which contains the line "Whoa, here's a stir now! Sing a song o' sixpence!" 

In the past it has often been attributed to George Steevens (1736–1800), who used it in a pun at the expense of Poet Laureate Henry James Pye (1745–1813) in 1790, but the first verse had already appeared in print in Tommy Thumb's Pretty Song Book, published in London around 1744, in the form:

Sing a Song of Sixpence,
A bag full of Rye,
Four and twenty Naughty Boys,
Baked in a Pye.

The next printed version that survives, from around 1780, has two verses and the boys have been replaced by birds. A version of the modern four verses is first extant in Gammer Gurton's Garland or The Nursery Parnassus published in 1784, which ends with a magpie attacking the unfortunate maid. Fifth verses with the happier endings began to be added from the middle of the 19th century.

Meaning and interpretations

Many interpretations have been placed on this rhyme. It is known that a 16th-century amusement was to place live birds in a pie, as a form of entremet. An Italian cookbook from 1549 (translated into English in 1598) contained such a recipe:  "to make pies so that birds may be alive in them and flie out when it is cut up" and this was referred to in a cook book of 1725 by John Nott.  The wedding of Marie de' Medici and Henry IV of France in 1600 contains some interesting parallels. "The first surprise, though, came shortly before the starter—when the guests sat down, unfolded their napkins and saw songbirds fly out. The highlight of the meal were sherbets of milk and honey, which were created by Buontalenti."[http://enjoyment.independent.co.uk/food_and_drink/features/article2255670.ece Blow out! History's 10 greatest banquets - Features, Food & Drink - The Independent]

In The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes, Iona and Peter Opie write that the rhyme has been tied to a variety of historical events or folklorish symbols such as the queen symbolizing the moon, the king the sun,  and the blackbirds the number of hours in a day; or, as the authors indicate, the blackbirds have been seen as an allusion to monks during the period of the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII, with Catherine of Aragon representing  the queen, and Anne Boleyn the maid. The rye and the birds have been seen to represent a tribute sent to Henry VII, and on another level, the term "pocketful of rye" may in fact refer to an older term of measurement. The number 24 has been tied to the Reformation and the printing of the English Bible with 24 letters. From a folklorish tradition, the blackbird taking the maid's nose has been seen as a demon stealing her soul. 

No corroborative evidence has been found to support these theories and given that the earliest version has only one stanza and mentions "naughty boys" and not blackbirds, they can only be applicable if it is assumed that more recently printed versions accurately preserve an older tradition.
Question:
In the nursery rhyme ‘Sing a Song of Sixpence’ how many blackbirds were baked in a pie?
Answer:
24
Passage:
Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain
The Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain is located at the southeastern side of Piccadilly Circus in London, United Kingdom. Moved after World War II from its original position in the centre, it was erected in 1892–1893 to commemorate the philanthropic works of Lord Shaftesbury, who was a famous Victorian politician and philanthropist.

The monument is surmounted by Alfred Gilbert's winged nude statue generally, though mistakenly, known as Eros. This has been called "London's most famous work of sculpture";  a graphical illustration of it is used as the symbol of the Evening Standard newspaper and appears on its masthead. It was the first sculpture in the world to be cast in aluminium and is set on a bronze fountain, which itself inspired the marine motifs that Gilbert carved on the statue.

The use of a nude figure on a public monument was controversial at the time of its construction, but it was generally well received by the public. The Magazine of Art described it as "...a striking contrast to the dull ugliness of the generality of our street sculpture, ... a work which, while beautifying one of our hitherto desolate open spaces, should do much towards the elevation of public taste in the direction of decorative sculpture, and serve freedom for the metropolis from any further additions of the old order of monumental monstrosities."

Although the statue is generally known as Eros, it was created as an image of his brother, Anteros.  The sculptor Alfred Gilbert had already sculpted a statue of Anteros and, when commissioned for the Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain, chose to reproduce the same subject, who, as "The God of Selfless Love" was deemed to represent the philanthropic 7th Earl of Shaftesbury suitably. Gilbert described Anteros as portraying "reflective and mature love, as opposed to Eros or Cupid, the frivolous tyrant." The model for the sculpture was Gilbert's studio assistant,  a 16-year-old Italian, Angelo Colarossi (born 1875). 
Fernando Meacci was involved in the moulding of the fountain  and it was probably cast by George Broad & Son. 

The memorial was unveiled by the Duke of Westminster on 29 June 1893.  Following the unveiling there were numerous complaints. Some felt it was sited in a vulgar part of town (the theatre district), and others felt that it was too sensual as a memorial for a famously sober and respectable Earl. Some of the objections were tempered by renaming the statue as The Angel of Christian Charity,  which was the nearest approximation that could be invented in Christian terms for the role Anteros played in the Greek pantheon. However, the name never became widely known and the statue was thence referred to as Eros, the god of sensual love; inappropriate some said in relation to the Earl's commemoration, but hailed by others as an ironic representation of the more carnal side of the neighbourhood, into which Soho had developed.

Where the bow was originally pointed is the subject of two urban myths. The first is that the archer is aiming up Shaftesbury Avenue. Sometimes, the story goes that this was a visual pun to commemorate the great philanthropist. If the archer were to release his arrow, its shaft would bury itself in Shaftesbury Avenue. The other is that the arrow is pointing to the Earl's country seat in Wimborne Saint Giles, Dorset. However, an 1896 photograph of the circus taken only three years after the statue's erection clearly shows the arrow pointing in a different direction, down Lower Regent Street aptly towards Parliament. This is proven by the position relative to the statue of Shaftesbury Avenue, the London Pavilion and the Criterion Theatre.

The statue was removed for restoration in the 1980s and resited on its return in February 1985. During the restoration a set of plaster casts was unearthed in the V&A basements which revealed damage to the statue.  The statue was also vandalised in 1990 and after radiography and restoration returned in 1994.  In May 2012 the statue had a new bow string fitted after it was broken by a tourist. 

In the winter of 2013–2014 the statue was covered with a PVC 'snow globe' featuring internal fans blowing the 'snowflakes'. This also had the function of protecting the statue from vandalism and it was planned to return in subsequent years. However strong winds caused the globe to become damaged and deflate and it was not subsequently repaired.  In winter 2014–2015 octagonal advertising hoardings forming a box for giant Christmas presents had a similar function.
Question:
Originally named The Shaftesbury Memorial, by what name is this statue more commonly known?
Answer:
EROS (disambiguation)
Passage:
Last Chorus : An Autobiographical Medley - The Book Depository
Last Chorus : Humphrey Lyttelton : 9781906217181
Try AbeBooks
Description
A feast for all his many fans and admirers, this is the great Humphrey Lyttelton's last book, a sparkling autobiographical kaleidoscope of memories, anecdotes, and entertaining stories from his colourful life, from his childhood as the son of a famous Eton Housemaster, through to his role as the irrepressible chairman of I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue. A Renaissance man - musician, writer, cartoonist, calligrapher and broadcaster - Humph was descended from a long line of land-owning, political, literary, clerical, scholastic and literary forebears. One of his more notorious relatives was executed for his part in the Gun Powder Plot! Last Chorus draws on some of Humph's long-lost autobiographical writings, as well a wealth of other material, including his never-before-seen private diaries, plus cartoons. Whether sneaking off when a child to buy his first trumpet, or wading ashore in Italy during World War II with a rifle in one hand and a trumpet in the other, or playing alongside such jazz greats as Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington, Humph was very much his own man, and he comes vividly to life in this engaging and witty self-portrait. Every Monday night from 1967 until 2008, Humphrey Lyttelton wrote and presented BBC's The Best of Jazz, and he was, famously, Chairman of the anarchic, award-winning radio programme, I'm Sorry, I Haven't A Clue. He wrote nine books, and composed over two hundred tunes, and has Honorary Doctorates at the universities of Warwick, Loughborough, Durham, Keele, Hertford and de Montfort. show more
Product details
189                                     x 246                                     x 45mm                                                                      | 882g
Publication date
Question:
Whose 2008 autobiography was titled 'Last Chorus: An Autobiographical Medley'?
Answer:
Humph
Passage:
Magnetic flux
In physics, specifically electromagnetism, the magnetic flux (often denoted  or ) through a surface is the surface integral of the normal component of the magnetic field B passing through that surface. The SI unit of magnetic flux is the weber (Wb) (in derived units: volt-seconds), and the CGS unit is the maxwell. Magnetic flux is usually measured with a fluxmeter, which contains measuring coils and electronics, that evaluates the change of voltage in the measuring coils to calculate the magnetic flux.

Description

 
The magnetic interaction is described in terms of a vector field, where each point in space (and time) is associated with a vector that determines what force a moving charge would experience at that point (see Lorentz force). Since a vector field is quite difficult to visualize at first, in elementary physics one may instead visualize this field with field lines. The magnetic flux through some surface, in this simplified picture, is proportional to the number of field lines passing through that surface (in some contexts, the flux may be defined to be precisely the number of field lines passing through that surface; although technically misleading, this distinction is not important). Note that the magnetic flux is the net number of field lines passing through that surface; that is, the number passing through in one direction minus the number passing through in the other direction (see below for deciding in which direction the field lines carry a positive sign and in which they carry a negative sign).
In more advanced physics, the field line analogy is dropped and the magnetic flux is properly defined as the surface integral of the normal component of the magnetic field passing through a surface. If the magnetic field is constant, the magnetic flux passing through a surface of vector area S is

\Phi_B \mathbf{B} \cdot \mathbf{S} 
 BS \cos \theta,

where B is the magnitude of the magnetic field (the magnetic flux density) having the unit of Wb/m2 (tesla), S is the area of the surface, and θ is the angle between the magnetic field lines and the normal (perpendicular) to S. For a varying magnetic field, we first consider the magnetic flux through an infinitesimal area element dS, where we may consider the field to be constant: 

d\Phi_B = \mathbf{B} \cdot d\mathbf{S}.

A generic surface, S, can then be broken into infinitesimal elements and the total magnetic flux through the surface is then the surface integral

\Phi_B = \iint\limits_S \mathbf{B} \cdot d\mathbf S.

From the definition of the magnetic vector potential A and the fundamental theorem of the curl the magnetic flux may also be defined as:
\Phi_B = \oint\limits_{\partial S} \mathbf{A} \cdot d\boldsymbol{\ell},
where the line integral is taken over the boundary of the surface S, which is denoted ∂S.

Magnetic flux through a closed surface

Gauss's law for magnetism, which is one of the four Maxwell's equations, states that the total magnetic flux through a closed surface is equal to zero. (A "closed surface" is a surface that completely encloses a volume(s) with no holes.) This law is a consequence of the empirical observation that magnetic monopoles have never been found.

In other words, Gauss's law for magnetism is the statement:

for any closed surface S.

Magnetic flux through an open surface

While the magnetic flux through a closed surface is always zero, the magnetic flux through an open surface need not be zero and is an important quantity in electromagnetism. For example, a change in the magnetic flux passing through a loop of conductive wire will cause an electromotive force, and therefore an electric current, in the loop.  The relationship is given by Faraday's law:

\mathcal{E} \oint_{\partial \Sigma}\left(  \mathbf{E} +\mathbf{ v \times B}\right) \cdot d\boldsymbol{\ell} 
 -{d\Phi_B \over dt},

where
\mathcal{E} is the electromotive force (EMF),
ΦB is the magnetic flux through the open surface Σ,
∂Σ is the boundary of the open surface Σ; note that the surface, in general, may be in motion and deforming, and so is generally a function of time. The electromotive force is induced along this boundary.
dℓ is an infinitesimal vector element of the contour ∂Σ,
v is the velocity of the boundary ∂Σ,
E is the electric field,
B is the magnetic field.

The two equations for the EMF are, firstly, the work per unit charge done against the Lorentz force in moving a test charge around the (possibly moving) surface boundary ∂Σ and, secondly, as the change of magnetic flux through the open surface Σ. This equation is the principle behind an electrical generator.

Comparison with electric flux

By way of contrast, Gauss's law for electric fields, another of Maxwell's equations, is

where
E is the electric field,
S is any closed surface,
Q is the total electric charge inside the surface S,
ε0 is the electric constant (a universal constant, also called the "permittivity of free space").

Note that the flux of E through a closed surface is not always zero; this indicates the presence of "electric monopoles", that is, free positive or negative charges.
Question:
With the symbol Wb what is the unit of magnetic flux?
Answer:
Weber (surname)
