Passage:
East Coast of the United States
The East Coast of the United States is the coastline along which the Eastern United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean. This area is also known as the Eastern Seaboard, the Atlantic Coast, and the Atlantic Seaboard. The coastal states that have shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are, from north to south, Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

Toponymy and composition

The place name "East Coast" derives from the idea that the contiguous 48 states are defined by two major coastlines, one at the western edge and one on the eastern edge. Other terms for referring to this area include the "Eastern Seaboard" ("seaboard" being American English for coast), "Atlantic Coast", and "Atlantic Seaboard" (because the coastline lies along the Atlantic Ocean).

The fourteen states that have a shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are, from north to south, the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.  In addition, Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia border tidal arms of the Atlantic (the Delaware River and the Potomac River, respectively).

Although Vermont and West Virginia have no Atlantic coastline, they are sometimes grouped with the Eastern Seaboard states because of their locations in New England and the Southern United States. 

Colonial history

The original thirteen colonies of Great Britain in North America all lay along the East Coast.

Two additional U.S. states on the East Coast were not among the original thirteen colonies: Maine (became part of the English colony of Massachusetts in 1677)  and Florida (part of New Spain until 1821, though held by the British for 20 years after the French and Indian War). 

The Middle Colonies (New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York, and Delaware) had been owned by the Dutch as New Netherland, until they were captured by the English in the mid-to-late 17th century.

Climate and physical geography

There are three climate regions on the East Coast from north to south:

The region from northern Maine south to about central Connecticut has a continental climate, with warm summers and long, cold and snowy winters. The region from southern Connecticut south to about the Virginia Eastern Shore has a temperate climate, with hot summers and cool winters with a mix of rain and snow. The region from southeastern Virginia (including the greater Norfolk/Virginia Beach area) south to central Florida has a humid subtropical climate, with long hot summers and mild winters. The far southern portion of the East Coast from southeast Florida (Palm Beach area) south through the Florida Keys has a tropical climate, which is normally frost free and is warm to hot all year.

Average monthly precipitation ranges from a slight late fall (November) maximum from Massachusetts northward (as at Portland, Maine), to a slight summer maximum from Long Island south to Virginia (as at Wilmington, Delaware, and Norfolk, Virginia), to a more pronounced summer maximum from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, southward to Savannah, Georgia. Florida has a sharper wet-summer/dry-winter pattern, with 50 to 60 percent of precipitation falling between June and September in an average year.

Although landfalls are rare, the Eastern seaboard is susceptible to hurricanes in the Atlantic hurricane season, officially running from June 1 to November 30, although hurricanes can occur before or after these dates.  Hurricanes Hazel, Hugo, Bob, Isabel, Irene, and most recently Sandy are some of the more significant storms to have affected the region.

The East Coast is a low-relief, passive margin coast.  It has been shaped by the Pleistocene glaciation in the far northern areas from New York City northward, with offshore islands such as Nantucket, Block Island, Fishers Island, the nearly peninsular Long Island and New York City's Staten Island the result of terminal moraines, with Massachusetts' unique peninsula of Cape Cod showing the additional action of outwash plains, besides terminal moraines. The coastal plain broadens southwards, separated from the Piedmont region by the Atlantic Seaboard fall line of the East Coast rivers, often marking the head of navigation and prominent sites of cities. The coastal areas from Long Island south to Florida are often made up of barrier islands that front the coastal areas. Many of the larger capes along the lower East Coast are in fact barrier islands, like the Outer Banks of North Carolina and Cape Canaveral, Florida. The Florida Keys are made up of limestone coral and provide the only coral reefs on the US mainland.

Demographics

In 2010, the population of the states which have shoreline on the East Coast was estimated at 112,642,503 (36% of the country's total population). 

Transportation

The primary Interstate Highway along the East Coast is Interstate 95,  completed in the late 1970s, which replaced the historic U.S. Route 1 (Atlantic Highway),   the original federal highway that traversed all East Coast states (except Delaware).   By water, the East Coast is connected from Norfolk, Virginia, to Miami, Florida, by the Intracoastal Waterway, also known as the East Coast Canal, which was completed in 1912.   Amtrak's Downeaster and Northeast Regional offer the main passenger rail service on the Seaboard. The Acela Express offers the only high-speed rail passenger service in the Americas. Between New York and Boston the Acela Express has up to a 54% share of the combined train and air passenger market.
Question:
At the end of October 2012, New York and the east coast of America were battered by which hurricane?
Answer:
Sandy (disambiguation)
Passage:
Midlands Grand National
|}

 

The Midlands Grand National is a Listed National Hunt race in Great Britain. It is a handicap steeplechase and is run at Uttoxeter Racecourse in March, over a distance of 4 miles, 1 furlong and 110 yards.

History

The first race was run on 3 May 1969.  The race was initially run over 4m2f and was increased up to 4m4f in 1977. During this period it would have been, assuming accurate measurements, by 24 yards or approximately the length of a cricket pitch, the longest race in the NH calendar. In 1991 the distance was dropped to 4m, before being upped to 4m2f in 1993. It has been run at its present distance of 4m1f110yds yards since 2004. 

The 1977 winner Watafella finished third in the race but was promoted to first place after the first and second, No Scotch and Evander were disqualified after it was realised they failed to meet the conditions of the race, along with three other runners. 

The race was not covered on television in its early years but was shown by Channel 4 during the 1980s and up until 1998. The BBC took over coverage between 1998 and 2005 before the race returned to Channel 4, who continue to cover until this day.

Records

Most successful horse:
* no horse has won the race more than once

Leading jockey (2 wins):
* Ken White - Happy Spring (1969), Rip’s Lyric (1973)
* Derek Morris - Midnight Madness (1987), Mister Ed (1993)
* Brendan Powell - Another Excuse (1996), Young Kenny (1999)
* Norman Williamson - Lucky Lane (1995), The Bunny Boiler (2002)

Leading trainer (4 wins):

* David Pipe - Minella Four Star (2011), Master Overseer (2012), Big Occasion (2013), Goulanes (2014)
* Widest winning margin – Another Excuse (1996) – distance
* Narrowest winning margin – Fighting Chance (1974), Knock Hill (1988) – head
* Most runners – 22, in 1978, 1979 and 1981
* Fewest runners – 6, in 2000

Winners

* Amateur jockeys indicated by "Mr".

 The 1983 running was cancelled due to a waterlogged track.
 The 2001 running was cancelled due to a foot-and-mouth crisis.
 The 2004 running was cancelled due to high winds.
Question:
Which racecourse stages the Midlands Grand National?
Answer:
Wuttuceshǣddre
Passage:
25 Most Popular Video Games Ever - List25
25 Most Popular Video Games Ever
25 Most Popular Video Games Ever
Posted by Josef on February 14, 2013
57
Share on Pinterest
Video games inherently make more money than any other kinds of gadgets or toys because of their accessibility to a wider audience, especially with the recent proliferation of technology and mobile devices throughout the world. And these day, whether you’re a hard core gamer or not, smart phones have nearly guaranteed that you are at least mildly guilty of wasting time swallowing ghosts or chucking birds. These are the 25 most popular video games ever.
 
Share on Pinterest
Considered one of the best games ever when it became a hit on Gameboy it was released by NES in 1998 and players were blown away by the graphics and gameplay of the game compared with the other Gameboy Zelda games. Originally designed for the Nintendo 64DD, it was released instead on a 256-megabit cartridge, the largest-capacity cartridge NES ever produced and also was the first with 3D graphics.
24
Share on Pinterest
Over 20 million copies of these role-playing games were sold by Nintendo for Gameboy. Developed by Game Freak, the first installments were Red and Green, which were released in Japan in 1996. Blue was later released in the year as a special edition, with Pokemon Yellow subsequently released three years later. Pokemon Fire Red and Leaf Green were remade afterwards for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 where upwards of 10 million copies were sold.
23
Share on Pinterest
Published by Nintendo for its Nintendo 64 and released in June 23, 1996 Super Mario 64 sold over 11 million copies worldwide. The third-person, free roaming, 3D platform was the brainchild of Shigeru Miyamoto who had spent years trying to build a fully-3D platform for the SNES before he quit the idea altogether. However, when the company shifted to the development of N64, he played a big role in helping the company veer away from same thumb-destroying crosspads the company had been employing for over a decade.
22
Share on Pinterest
Often considered the most successful video game series of all time, The Sims has sold more than 150 million copies worldwide as of May 2011. A strategic life simulation video game, it is also hailed as the best-selling PC franchise in history. The sandbox game was developed by Maxis, and was later turned over to The Sims Studio published by Electronic Arts. The gameplay involves creating virtual characters called ‘Sims’ who are placed in homes where players can direct their moods and satisfy their desires.
21
Share on Pinterest
Released in June 6, 1984, this tile-matching puzzle video game was created by Alexey Pajitnov, a young researcher at Moscow’s Academy of Science. The inspiration for this game came from a board game called Pentomino where 12 different shapes made out of five squares are twisted and turned until they all fit together in a box. Nowadays, an estimated billion people have played Tetris, the first entertainment software from the USSR that was exported to the US. This game is available on nearly all platforms helping it earn the topmost ranking on the  ‘100 Greatest Games of All Time’ list from the Electronic Gaming Monthly’s 100th issue.
Get more stuff like this in your inbox
Join over a million subscribers in our community, and never miss another List25 article.
Question:
What well-known video game was created in Moscow in 1984?
Answer:
Те́трис
Passage:
Terence Cuneo
Terence Tenison Cuneo CVO, OBE, RGI, FGRA (1 November 1907 – 3 January 1996) was an English painter famous for his scenes of railways, horses and military action. He was also the official artist for the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953.

Life and work

Cuneo was born in London, the son of Cyrus Cincinato Cuneo and Nell Marion Tenison, artists who met while studying with Whistler in Paris. Cyrus Cuneo's elder brother Rinaldo Cuneo was also an acclaimed painter in San Francisco, as was his youngest brother Egisto Cuneo. Terence Cuneo studied at Sutton Valence School, Chelsea Polytechnic and the Slade School of Art, before working as an illustrator for magazines, books and periodicals. In 1936 he started working in oils, continuing with his illustration work. During World War II he served as a sapper but also worked for the War Artists' Advisory Committee, providing illustrations of aircraft factories and wartime events. He served and became good friends with fellow artist Cyril Parfitt.

After the war, Cuneo was commissioned to produce a series of works illustrating railways, bridges and locomotives. A significant point in his career was his appointment as official artist for the Coronation of Elizabeth II, which brought his name before the public worldwide. He received more commissions from industry, which included depicting manufacturing, mineral extraction and road building, including the M1. He was most famous for his passion for engineering subjects, particularly locomotives and the railway as a whole. But in fact Cuneo painted over a wide range, from big game in Africa to landscapes. Further success was achieved in his regimental commissions, battle scenes and incidents as well as portraits (including H.M. the Queen, and Field Marshal Montgomery).

Many of these works include a small mouse (sometimes lifelike, sometimes cartoon-like), his trademark after 1956.  They can be difficult to detect, and many people enjoy scouring his paintings to find one. Even some of his portraits of the famous contain a mouse.

His work has been used in a variety of manners, from book jackets and model railway catalogues to posters and jigsaws and even Royal Mail postage stamps.  His paintings have appeared on both Great Britain and Isle of Man stamps.   His work can also be found in many museums and galleries, including Guildhall Art Gallery, Lloyd's of London and the Royal Institution.

Cuneo was awarded the OBE and was a CVO. A 1.5 times life size bronze memorial statue of Cuneo, by Philip Jackson, stood in the main concourse at Waterloo Station in London for many years, but has now been relocated to Brompton Barracks, Chatham. It was commissioned by the Terence Cuneo Memorial Trust (established March 2002) to create a permanent memorial to the artist, together with an annual prize at the Slade School of Art, given by the Trust. In tribute to Cuneo's trademark, the statue includes a hidden mouse peering from under a book by the artist's feet, and another carved into the statue's plinth near the ground.

Artworks

Footnotes

Bibliography

*Westerman, John F. C & Cuneo, T (illustrator). Menace From The Air (Oxford University Press, 1938).
*Cuneo, T. The railway painting of Terence Cuneo (New Cavendish Books, 1984).
*Guild of Railway Artists (forward by T. Cuneo). To The Seaside (David Charles (London), 1990).
*Chakra, Narisa. Terence Cuneo: Railway Painter of the Century (New Cavendish Books, 1990).
Question:
What creature is the trademark of Terence Cuneo, appearing in many of his pictures?
Answer:
🐁
Passage:
David Vine
David Martin Vine (3 January 1935  – 11 January 2009) was a British television sports presenter. He presented a wide variety of shows from the 1960s onwards.

Early life

Born in Newton Abbot, Devon, he grew up in the north-west of the county, attending Barnstaple Grammar School  on Park Lane in Barnstaple. His father was a carpenter.

Career

He worked for the North Devon Journal Herald from the age of 17 and various newspapers, becoming the Sports Editor of the Western Morning News in Plymouth. He joined Westward Television in 1961, though he worked for the BBC for the majority of his broadcasting career. He joined the BBC, to work on BBC2 in 1966. He was working at BBC2 even though Westward Television were not aware of this because at the time BBC2 could not be received in the South West. An article in the Daily Mail led to Westward TV learning about his BBC work and he had to resign from Westward TV.

Programmes he hosted include Sportscene, It's a Knockout (1967–1971), Jeux Sans Frontieres, Miss UK, Miss World, Quiz Ball, Rugby Special, Match of the Day, A Question of Sport (1970–1977 AND 1989), Grandstand, Superstars, Starshot, Ski Sunday (1978–1996) and the BBC's Winter and Summer Olympic Games coverage. 

He provided the BBC TV commentary for the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, also hosting the preview shows of the international entries, and compèred the 1975 Miss World broadcast, the latter resulting in some embarrassment because he found it difficult to understand what many of the contestants were saying. He was the first presenter to introduce the tennis championships at Wimbledon (1967) in colour. He presented Wimbledon highlights until 1982 and also BBC's Show Jumping coverage.

He was the anchorman at the World Snooker Championships at the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield, from 1978 – the first year the BBC covered the championships daily – until his retirement in 2000 as well as the Grand Prix, UK Championship and the Masters. Vine's supposed friendship with Steve Davis was parodied in a Spitting Image sketch in which Davis boasted, "I'm a mate of David Vine".

His final work for the BBC was covering the weightlifting at the 2000 Sydney Olympics which he had done since the 1970s, after which he retired owing to a heart condition. He had contributed to programmes on the ESPN Classic channel. He had a coronary artery triple bypass operation in 2001,  and he died of a heart attack on 11 January 2009  aged 74 at his home near Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire.

Personal life

He married his first wife, Shirley, in 1958. They had met through amateur dramatics and had three children - Kim, Catherine and Martin; who lived together in Castleton Close, Mannamead, Plymouth; she died in 1970. He married his second wife, Mandy, in 1972 in Wokingham. They had a son. 

He also had 4 grandchildren: Ben, Georgia, Oliver and Emily.
Question:
David Vine, David Coleman and Sue Barker have all hosted which BBC television quiz show?
Answer:
A Question of sport
Passage:
Apalachin, New York
Apalachin (; ) is a census-designated place within the Town of Owego in Tioga County, New York, United States. The population was 1,131 in the 2010 census. It is named after the Apalachin Creek. Apalachin means From where the messenger returned in Lenape.

Apalachin is in the southeast part of the Town of Owego and is west of Binghamton, New York. It is also part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.

History 

The first settler arrived around 1786, but the community was not founded until 1836. 

On November 14, 1957, the heads of the American Mafia held the Apalachin Meeting at the home of Joseph Barbara, a conference of mobsters who had gathered to iron out various issues in the underworld. The gathering was quickly broken up when a curious New York State Trooper turned up and sent some of the most powerful gangsters in the country fleeing through the surrounding countryside. Mafiosi and the FBI sometimes just refer to the meeting as Apalachin. This meeting was humorously portrayed in the ending sequence of the 1999 motion picture Analyze This, which starred Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal. This meeting was also referenced in Goodfellas by narrator Henry Hill (Ray Liotta), and fully depicted in the 1972  movie The Valachi Papers.

Apalachin hosts the annual Apalachin Firemens Field Days for four days generally the first week in June.  This event began in the late 1950s and has grown from a small event in a field to having a permanent location with large pavilions (still called the beer and food tents by locals) and a large square of game booths that surround 15-20 carnival rides. Events include the Little Miss Apalachin contest, fireworks and a large parade. Profits from the event allow the fire department to purchase equipment for its volunteer force.

Riverside Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014. 

Residents of note

* Benjamin F. Tracy, United States Secretary of the Navy (1889–93)
* Joseph Barbara, Mafioso.

Geography

Apalachin is located at . 

According to the United States Census Bureau, the region has a total area of , all land. 

The community is on the south side of the Susquehanna River. 

Apalachin is adjacent to the Southern Tier Expressway (New York State Route 17).

Demographics

As of the census  of 2000, there were 1,126 people, 442 households, and 307 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 763.1 per square mile (293.8/km²). There were 474 housing units at an average density of 321.2/sq mi (123.7/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.54% White, 0.98% African American, 0.27% Native American, 0.62% Asian, 0.53% from other races, and 1.07% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.53% of the population.

There were 442 households out of which 33.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.5% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the community the population was spread out with 26.6% under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 97.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.4 males.

The median income for a household in the hamlet was $38,636, and the median income for a family was $42,647. Males had a median income of $21,902 versus $25,357 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $14,927. About 9.5% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.4% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
Question:
If you were at the home of Joseph Barbara in Apalachin, New York on November 14, 1957, I'd be very wary of you. Who met there?
Answer:
Mafia of the United States
Passage:
Hawkeye State
The Hawkeye State is a nickname for the state of Iowa. "The Hawkeye State."  According to the state's tourism web site, "Two Iowa promoters from Burlington are believed to have popularized the name."  The nickname was given approval by territorial officials in 1838, eight years before Iowa became a state.

The men responsible for the promotion of this nickname are thought to be Judge David Rorer of Burlington and newspaper publisher James G. Edwards. The city of Burlington had been established in 1833 after the previous year's Black Hawk War. Edwards changed the name of his Burlington newspaper, The Iowa Patriot, to The Hawk-Eye and Iowa Patriot in tribute to friend Chief Black Hawk, a Sauk leader. Edwards proposed the nickname "Hawk-eyes" in 1838 to "...rescue from oblivion a memento, at least, of the name of the old chief", Black Hawk.  The University of Iowa's athletic teams are nicknamed the Hawkeyes and feature a mascot named Herky the Hawk. 

The University of Iowa borrowed its athletic nickname from the state of Iowa many years ago. The name Hawkeye was originally applied to a hero in a fictional novel, The Last of the Mohicans, written by James Fenimore Cooper. Author Cooper had the Delaware Indians bestow the name on a white scout who lived and hunted with them.

In 1838, 12 years after the book was published, people in the territory of Iowa acquired the nickname, chiefly through the efforts of Judge David Rorer of Burlington and James G. Edwards of Fort Madison. Edwards, editor of the Fort Madison Patriot, moved his newspaper to Burlington in 1843 and renamed it the Burlington Hawkeye. The two men continued their campaign to popularize the name and were rewarded when territorial officials gave it their formal approval.

The Hawkeye nickname gained a tangible symbol in 1948 when a cartoon character, later to be named Herky the Hawk, was hatched. The creator was Richard Spencer III, instructor of journalism. The impish hawk was an immediate hit and he acquired a name through a statewide contest staged by the UI Athletic Department. John Franklin, a Belle Plaine alumnus, was the man who suggested Herky. (Source University of Iowa athletic site http://www.hawkeyesports.com/trads/herky.html)
Question:
Known as The Hawkeye State, what was the 29th state to join the Union on December 28, 1848?
Answer:
Constitution of Iowa
Passage:
Mount Lee
Mount Lee is a peak in the Santa Monica Mountains, located in Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California, USA. The famous Hollywood Sign is located on its southern slope. A good view of it can be had by driving north up Gower Street from Hollywood Boulevard to see the sign directly ahead, and then north along Beachwood Drive. One can also take Franklin Ave. directly to Beachwood; this is the location of the Hollywoodland suburb for which the sign was created.

History 

The original unnamed peak was one of the "three sisters" along with Cahuenga and Burbank peaks, the current flattened top being a result of silent movie pioneer Mack Sennett's unfulfilled plans to build an elaborate home on the property.
  To advertise the new Beachwood Canyon real estate development, the developers, including Sennett and Los Angeles Times publisher Harry Chandler, ordered a huge wooden sign built atop what is now known as Mount Lee. The mountain is named after early Los Angeles car dealer and radio station owner Don Lee. Lee, a one-time bicycle shop owner who became a protégé of Los Angeles pioneer businessman Earle C. Anthony, purchased his Los Angeles radio station KHJ from Chandler in 1927.

Four years later Lee began experimenting with television using call letter W6XAO.  Studios were on the seventh floor of a building at Seventh and Bixel near his Cadillac dealership.  Within a short time the transmitter was moved atop what is now called Mount Lee. An early reference to this name is in a June 1939 article in a magazine published by the California Chamber of Commerce: “Lee has bought a 20-acre site on a mountain top at the eastern boundary of Griffith Park, widening the transmission field of the Don Lee equipment to take in new thousands of homes in the Hollywood hills and the San Fernando Valley. The site is one and a half times higher than the top floor of the Empire State Building in New York. Mount Lee is thus the highest television location in the world. The transmitter is being rebuilt for installation on the mountain.”

According to Wikimapia the immediate seller was not the original development company, but Sennett personally, "who wasn't doing too well in the post-silent Hollywood era and really needed the money." Lee was the first of what would become three active pre-World War II Los Angeles television pioneers.  The others were Paramount Studios' W6XYZ (later called KTLA) and Lee’s mentor Earle C Anthony's W6XEA (later called KSEE, KFI-TV, KHJ-TV and now operating as KCAL).  Lee's W6XAO eventually became KTSL – standing for Thomas S. Lee, who had succeeded to his father’s position when Don Lee died in 1934.  KTSL was purchased by CBS in 1950 and became KNXT, today's KCBS-TV.

Lee’s television head was Harry Lubcke. Paramount had the legendary Klaus Landsburg and Anthony had the venerable KFI radio dual chief engineer team of Headly Blatterman/George Mason.  All three recognized that television signals from Mount Lee and similar points were inadequate to reach the greater Los Angeles basin.  They needed a point overlooking the entire area.  Part of Mount Lee was then sold to Howard Hughes, who intended to erect an estate for his then-current love interest, Ginger Rogers. Ultimately, the Hughes-Rogers relationship soured, and the mansion was never built.

After utilization during the war by the U.S. Army, the property remained an idle asset for decades, and eventually became part of the Hughes estate.   Meanwhile, the three Los Angeles television pioneers were scouting out a more suitable location.  Television experimentation was slowed considerably during the war but post-war preparations continued. The new site was code named “Mt. Anthony” in KFI-AM house organs of the day.  After hostilities ended it turned out that Mt. Anthony was really Mt. Wilson – which is now the site of most Los Angeles FM and television stations due to its superior height.

Mount Lee continues to be the site of various non-commercial radio activities, but television transmissions ceased from that location in October, 1951.

In 2002, the Hughes estate sold 138 acre of their Mount Lee holdings to a group of Chicago investors. This opened up the possibility of development of four residential buildings adjacent to the sign. Many Angelenos, especially those in the movie industry, felt this would be sacrilege. A successful effort was mounted in 2010 to raise funds to purchase the land and add it to the adjacent Griffith Park.
 
The large tower atop Mount Lee today is owned and operated by the City of Los Angeles.  It is a newer structure which replaced the original W6XAO tower some years ago.    Smaller tenants on the site have included some federal government and amateur radio users.

Hiking 

Mount Lee can be hiked; however, the immediate area where the Hollywood Sign is located is closed to the public since the area is a high-risk fire zone.  Many documentaries and blogs give instructions on how to legally hike up Mount Lee and get as close to the Hollywood Sign as allowed by law.

The trail leading to the Hollywood Sign can be accessed several different ways, the primary access-point being Mulholland Highway, which connects to the gated and private Mount Lee Drive.  Mount Lee Drive is open to hikers but is closed to vehicular traffic, excepting security trucks which pass by periodically throughout the day.  A secondary access point is Beachwood Canyon Drive, the terminus of which directs hikers to Sunset Ranch Stables.  Towards the rear of the ranch, a link to the hiking trail, dubbed the Hollyridge Trail, can be found. 

Griffith Park

Because Mount Lee's hiking trails and fire roads are part of Griffith Park, it's easy to get lost and be redirected.  Maps of the trails and the land around the hills should be studied before attempting to hike the area for the first time.
Question:
Which famous landmark is found on Mount Lee?
Answer:
Hollywoodland sign
Passage:
Manumission - Dictionary definition of Manumission ...
Manumission - Dictionary definition of Manumission | Encyclopedia.com: FREE online dictionary
Manumission
Encyclopedia of Latin American History and Culture
COPYRIGHT 2008 Gale
Manumission
Manumission, the voluntary freeing of slaves. Throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, the freeing of captives (who, from the mid-sixteenth century onward, were largely Africans or of African descent) implied that enslavement constituted a legal status that was not necessarily permanent. This transformation from slavery to freedom, requiring the relinquishing of control over "property" or "human capital," was of considerable significance to all individuals directly involved in the change, as well as to governing officials and family relations of both masters and slaves. The actual act of freeing an individual slave was, therefore, regularly recorded, most commonly in a notarized letter of liberty (in Spanish a carta de libertad; in Portuguese a carta de alforria).
The historical significance of manumission rests on an evaluation of such factors as its frequency or availability within a given slave society, the motivations of masters in releasing individual slaves from their control, and the impact that manumission had on freed slaves, their descendants, and the larger slave societies in which both groups lived. Studies of such factors indicate that the significance and impact of freeing a slave or of becoming a freed slave depended on where one lived in Latin America. When one lived in a particular slave society was also quite crucial, as the quality of liberty for an ex-slave and the impact of the newly freed slave on the larger society varied according to the climate for manumission at a particular historical moment. An understanding of slave manumission in Latin America is, therefore, tied to the differing contexts in which it occurred.
Slaves were freed primarily through the individual action of a slaveholder. (The exceptions were the cases of colonial, revolutionary, or national governments who emancipated slave soldiers fighting on their behalf.) Whether these masters freed their captives as an act of charity or in exchange for market value, or in order to relieve themselves of a financial burden, their view of the deed was fundamentally limited to one involving themselves and their human property. The impact upon the slaveholder's community was not as significant a concern as the personal gain to be derived from the act. Even when it benefited the freed slave, manumission was, at bottom, not a social act but a selfish one.
It was the job of government officials, not slaveholders, to concern themselves with the long- and short-term consequences of manumission: independent wage workers who could decide when and for whom to work; sick or elderly freed captives too weak to care for themselves and dying on the streets; healthy and reproductive slaves who competed, or threatened to compete, with free whites for economic standing, social status, and in some cases the numerical majority within the free population as a whole. Throughout Latin America, colonial and later national governments bemoaned what the emancipating slaveholders had wrought—a nonslave population of color struggling for security amid difficult material conditions and unwelcoming free whites.
In both the colonial and national periods, there were laws that formally discriminated against freed slaves and their freeborn descendants. In addition, the Catholic church barred ex-slaves from the priesthood, and some churches segregated nonwhites from whites in their services, brotherhoods, and burial grounds. Whites also petitioned their governments to bar free blacks and mulattoes from training in crafts and entrance into artisan guilds. Despite the clear and persistent evidence that manumission did not protect a freed individual from legal and illegal acts of discrimination, slaves throughout Latin America continued to seek grants of manumission from their owners, preferring a restricted state of freedom to none at all.
The distribution of grants of manumission among slaves in Latin America was neither random nor entirely consistent. Certain subgroups of the slave population, such as male and female children and adult women, were overrepresented among the manumitted, but several studies have shown that the proportions of these subgroups within manumitted populations differed according to regions and, within a region, could change over time. In addition, grants of manumission contained a wide variety of terms, which ranged from dismissal without further obligation to payment and/or further years of service by the slave. Grants sometimes required that a slave wait until the owner's death before his or her release, and sometimes stipulated that a period of service be rendered to the owner's heirs. The specific terms of manumission have been linked to such mutable factors as the economic conditions within a given slave society, the relationship of the slave to the manumittor, and the emergence in some places of large numbers of female slaveholders.
To date, every empirical study of manumission in Latin America and the Caribbean has indicated that less than 2 percent of slaves were freed annually. Nonetheless, manumissions contributed to the freed and free people of color ultimately representing a significant percentage of the total populations of many slave regimes—in some areas of Brazil as much as 40 percent. A mechanism that allowed individual masters considerable flexibility in manipulating the labor and lives of their human property, manumission could have the unintended and unwelcome impact of threatening the numerical majority of whites in the free population. Thus, the practice was cautiously tolerated, but not wholeheartedly embraced, as a method of social control within Latin American slave societies.
Question:
Done with the will of an owner, what type of emancipating act is a 'manumission'?
Answer:
Freeing of slaves
Passage:
Redneck
The term redneck is a derogatory term chiefly used for a rural poor white person of the Southern United States.   Its usage  is similar in meaning to cracker (especially regarding Georgia and Florida), hillbilly (especially regarding Appalachia and the Ozarks),  and white trash (but without the last term's suggestions of immorality).   

By the 1970s, the term had become offensive slang, and its meaning had expanded to mean bigoted, loutish, and opposed to modern ways.  

Patrick Huber has emphasized the theme of masculinity  in the continued expansion of the term in the 20th century, noting, "The redneck has been stereotyped in the media and popular culture as a poor, dirty, uneducated, and racist Southern white man." 

19th and early 20th centuries

Political term for poor farmers

The term characterized farmers having a red neck caused by sunburn from hours working in the fields. A citation from 1893 provides a definition as "poorer inhabitants of the rural districts...men who work in the field, as a matter of course, generally have their skin stained red and burnt by the sun, and especially is this true of the back of their necks".Frederic Gomes Cassidy & Joan Houston Hall, Dictionary of American Regional English (2002) p. 531.

By 1900, "rednecks" was in common use to designate the political factions inside the Democratic Party comprising poor white farmers in the South.  The same group was also often called the "wool hat boys" (for they opposed the rich men, who wore expensive silk hats). A newspaper notice in Mississippi in August 1891 called on rednecks to rally at the polls at the upcoming primary election: 

By 1910, the political supporters of the Mississippi Democratic Party politician James K. Vardaman—chiefly poor white farmers—began to describe themselves proudly as "rednecks," even to the point of wearing red neckerchiefs to political rallies and picnics. 

Linguist Sterling Eisiminger, based on the testimony of informants from the Southern United States, speculated that the prevalence of pellagra in the region during the great depression may have contributed to the rise in popularity of the term; red, inflamed skin is one of the first symptoms of that disorder to appear. 

Coal miners

The term "redneck" in the early 20th century was occasionally used in reference to American coal miner union members who wore red bandannas for solidarity.  The sense of "a union man" dates at least to the 1910s and was especially popular during the 1920s and 1930s in the coal-producing regions of West Virginia, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania.  It was also used by union strikers to describe poor white strikebreakers.

Late 20th and early 21st centuries

Writers Edward Abbey and Dave Foreman also use "redneck" as a political call to mobilize poor rural white Southerners. "In Defense of the Redneck" was a popular essay by Ed Abbey. One popular early Earth First! bumper sticker was "Rednecks for Wilderness". Murray Bookchin, an urban leftist and social ecologist, objected strongly to Earth First!'s use of the term as "at the very least, insensitive". 

But many members of the Southern community have proudly embraced the term as a self-identifier.   Among those who dispute that the term is disparaging, Canadian Paul Brandt, a self-identified redneck, says that primarily the term indicates independence. 

Popular culture

Johnny Russell was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1973 for his recording of "Rednecks, White Socks and Blue Ribbon Beer", parlaying the "common touch" into financial and critical success.

Further songs referencing rednecks include "Rednecks" by Randy Newman, "Redneck Woman" by Gretchen Wilson, "Redneck Yacht Club" by  Craig Morgan, "Redneck" by Lamb of God, "Redneck Crazy" by Tyler Farr, and "Your Redneck Past" by Ben Folds Five.

Comedian Jeff Foxworthy's 1993 comedy album You Might Be a Redneck If... cajoled listeners to evaluate their own behavior in the context of stereotypical redneck behavior. This resulted in more mainstream usage of the term.

Outside the United States

Historical Scottish Covenanter usage

In Scotland in the 1640s, the Covenanters rejected rule by bishops, often signing manifestos using their own blood. Some wore red cloth around their neck to signify their position, and were called rednecks by the Scottish ruling class to denote that they were the rebels in what came to be known as The Bishop's War that preceded the rise of Cromwell.Fischer, David Hackett. (1989) Albion's Seed: Four British Folkways in America. New York: Oxford University Press.redneck (1989); Oxford English Dictionary second edition. Oxford: Oxford University Press. Eventually, the term began to mean simply "Presbyterian", especially in communities along the Scottish border. Because of the large number of Scottish immigrants in the pre-revolutionary American South, some historians have suggested that this may be the origin of the term in the United States. 

Dictionaries document the earliest American citation of the term's use for Presbyterians in 1830, as "a name bestowed upon the Presbyterians of Fayetteville [North Carolina]".

Roman Catholics

In Northern England in the 19th and 20th centuries, Roman Catholics were also known as rednecks. 

South Africa

The exact Afrikaans equivalent, "rooinek", is used as a disparaging term for English people and South Africans of English descent, in reference to their supposed naïveté as later arrivals in the region in failing to protect themselves from the sun.
Question:
The best selling comedy recording artist of all time, which comedian is best known for his "You might be a redneck" one liners?
Answer:
Foxworthy
Passage:
West Texas Intermediate
West Texas Intermediate (WTI), also known as Texas light sweet, is a grade of crude oil used as a benchmark in oil pricing. This grade is described as light because of its relatively low density, and sweet because of its low sulfur content. It is the underlying commodity of New York Mercantile Exchange's oil futures contracts.

The price of WTI is often referenced in news reports on oil prices, alongside the price of Brent crude from the North Sea. Other important oil markers include the Dubai Crude, Oman Crude, Urals oil and the OPEC Reference Basket.  WTI is lighter and sweeter than Brent, and considerably lighter and sweeter than Dubai or Oman. 

Characteristics

WTI is a light crude oil, with an API gravity of around 39.6 and specific gravity of about 0.827, which is lighter than Brent crude. It contains about 0.24% sulfur thus is rated as a sweet crude oil (having less than 0.5% sulfur), sweeter than Brent which has 0.37% sulfur. WTI is refined mostly in the Midwest and Gulf Coast regions in the U.S., since it is high quality fuel and is produced within the country.

West Texas Intermediate price settlement point

Cushing, Oklahoma is a major trading hub for crude oil and has been the delivery point for crude contracts and therefore the price settlement point for West Texas Intermediate on the New York Mercantile Exchange for over three decades.  Although the town of Cushing, Oklahoma  is a small, remote place with only 7,826 inhabitants (according to the 2010 Census)  it became a "vital transshipment point with many intersecting pipelines, storage facilities and easy access to refiners and suppliers". Crude oil flows "inbound to Cushing from all directions and outbound through dozens of pipelines".
 It is in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States.

Pricing

West Texas Intermediate is used as a benchmark in oil pricing. Historically, it has traded closely to Brent and the OPEC basket but currently it has been discounted against Brent crude oil. Historical price data for WTI can be found at a website by the Energy Information Administration of the Department of Energy. It is listed as WTI, Cushing, Oklahoma. 

Pricing anomalies

On April 13, 2007 Bloomberg reported on a Lehman Brothers study stating WTI prices were not a good barometer of world oil prices.
  On May 24, 2007, WTI was priced at $63.58 per barrel versus $71.39 per barrel for Brent (Bloomberg). The anomaly occurred perhaps because of a temporary shortage of refining capacity. In early 2007 a large stockpile of oil at the giant Cushing, Oklahoma storage and pricing facility (mainly due to a refinery shutdown) caused price to be artificially depressed at the Cushing pricing point. As stockpiles decreased, the WTI price increased to exceed the price of Brent once again. 

In February 2011, WTI was trading around $85/barrel while Brent was at $103/barrel. The reason most cited for this difference was that Cushing had reached capacity, due to a surplus of oil in the interior of North America. At the same time, Brent moved up in reaction to civil unrest in Egypt and across the Middle East. Since WTI-priced stockpiles at Cushing could not easily be transported to the Gulf Coast, WTI crude was unable to be arbitraged in bringing the two prices back to parity. Oil prices at coastal areas of the US were closer to Brent than to WTI. In June 2012, the Seaway Pipeline, which had been transporting oil from the Gulf Coast to Cushing, reversed its flow direction, to transport WTI-priced crude to the Gulf Coast, where it received Brent prices. The price difference persisted, however, and was large enough that some oil producers in North Dakota put their oil on tanker cars, and shipped it by rail to the Gulf and East coasts, where it received Brent prices.  Brent continued to trade US$10–20 higher than WTI for two years, until June 2013.  By July 2013, the disparity had shrunk to about US$4. By January 2014 the spread between the two has once again increased to over US$14, but was back down to US$4 by the end of 2014.
Question:
What commodity value is benchmarked in the USA and elsewhere according to (among more technical terms) 'Texas Light Sweet'?
Answer:
Oily
Passage:
Kola nut
The kola nut is the fruit of the kola tree, a genus (Cola) of trees that are native to the tropical rainforests of Africa. The caffeine-containing fruit of the tree is used as a flavoring ingredient in beverages, and is the origin of the term "cola".

General description

The kola nut is a caffeine-containing nut of evergreen trees of the genus Cola, primarily of the species Cola acuminata and Cola nitida. Cola acuminata, an evergreen tree about 20 metres in height, has long, ovoid leaves pointed at both the ends with a leathery texture. The trees have yellow flowers with purple spots, and star-shaped fruit. Inside the fruit, about a dozen round or square seeds develop in a white seed-shell. The nut’s aroma is sweet and rose-like. The first taste is bitter, but it sweetens upon chewing. The nut can be boiled to extract the cola. This tree reaches 25 meters in height and is propagated through seeds. C. nitida and C. acuminata can easily be interchanged with other Cola species.

Kola nuts comprise about 2% caffeine, as well as containing kolanin and theobromine. All three chemicals function as stimulants. 

Uses

The kola nut has a bitter flavor and contains caffeine. It is chewed in many West African cultures, individually or in a group setting. It is often used ceremonially, presented to chiefs or presented to guests.

Kola nuts are perhaps best known to Western culture as a flavoring ingredient and one of the sources of caffeine in cola and other similarly flavored beverages, although the use of kola (or kola flavoring) in commercial cola drinks has become uncommon. 

History

Human use of the kola nut, like the coffee berry and tea leaf, appears to have ancient origins. It is chewed in many West African cultures, individually or in a social setting, to restore vitality and ease hunger pangs.

Kola nuts are an important part of the traditional spiritual practice of culture and religion in West Africa, particularly Niger and Nigeria.  The 1970s hit "Goro City", by Manu Dibango, highlights the significance of kola nuts (called "goro" in the Hausa language)  to the capital of Niger, Niamey. Kola nuts are used as a religious object and sacred offering during prayers, ancestor veneration, and significant life events, such as naming ceremonies, weddings, and funerals. They are also used in a traditional divination system called Obi divination. For this use, only kola nuts divided into four lobes are suitable. They are cast upon a special wooden board and the resulting patterns are read by a trained diviner.  This ancient practice is currently enjoying increased growth within the United States and Caribbean.

In the 1800s, a pharmacist in Georgia, John Pemberton, took extracts of kola and coca and mixed them with sugar, other ingredients, and carbonated water to invent the first cola soft drink. His accountant tasted it and called it "Coca-Cola". Cocaine (not the other extracts from the Peruvian coca leaf) was prohibited from soft drinks in the U.S. after 1904, and Coca-Cola no longer uses either kola or coca in its original recipe.

Cultivation

Originally a tree of tropical rainforest, it needs a hot humid climate, but can withstand a dry season on sites with a high ground water level. It may be cultivated in drier areas where ground water is available. C. nitida is a shade bearer, but develops a better spreading crown which yields more fruits in open places. Though it is a lowland forest tree, it has been found at altitudes over 300 m on deep, rich soils under heavy and evenly distributed rainfall.

Regular weeding is a must and can either be done manually or by using herbicides. Some irrigation can be provided to the plants, but it is important to remove the water through an effective drainage system, as excess water may prove to be detrimental for the growth of the plant. When not grown in adequate shade, the kola nut plant responds well to fertilizers. Usually, the plants need to be provided with windbreaks to protect them from strong gales.

Kola nuts can be harvested mechanically or by hand, by plucking them at the tree branch. When kept in a cool, dry place, kola nuts can be stored for a long time.

Pests and diseases

The nuts are subject to attack by the kola weevil Balanogastris cola. The larvae of the moth Characoma strictigrapta that also attacks cacao bore into the nuts. Traders sometimes apply an extract of the bark of Rauvolfia vomitoria or the pulverised fruits of Xylopia and Capsicum to counteract the attack on nursery plants. The cacao pests Sahlbergella spp. have been found also on C. nitida as an alternative host plant. While seeds are liable to worm attack, the wood is subject to borer attack.

Chemical composition

* caffeine (2–3.5%)
* theobromine (1.0–2.5%)
* theophylline
* phenolics
** phlobaphens (kola red)
** epicatechin
** D-catechin
** tannic acid
* sugar
** cellulose
* water

References in culture

A kola nut ceremony is briefly described in Chinua Achebe's 1959 novel Things Fall Apart. The eating of kola nuts is referred to at least a further ten times in the novel showing the significance of the kola nut in pre-colonial 1890s Nigerian culture.

It also features prominently in Chris Abani's 2004 novel "GraceLand."

The kola nut is also mentioned in The Color Purple by Alice Walker, although it is misspelled "cola".

The kola nut is mentioned in Bloc Party's song "Where is Home?" on the album A Weekend in the City. The lyric, setting a post-funeral scene for the murder of a black boy in London, reads,
"After the funeral, breaking kola nuts, we sit and reminisce about the past."

The kola nut is mentioned in the At the Drive-In song "Enfilade" on the album Relationship of Command.

Notes
Question:
What part of a kola tree is used to flavor soft drinks?
Answer:
Nuts
Passage:
RaceCourses | Horse Racing Stats
RaceCourses | Horse Racing Stats
by Stephen
Horse Racing Stats
  There are sixty racecourses in Great Britain. Find a racecourse by location or type of racing or view the full A-Z list of racecourses in Great Britain.
Racecourse Location
Scotland has five courses, Wales two, with the remaining fifty three courses located between all four corners of England.
Scotland
Ayr Hamilton Park Kelso Musselburgh Perth
North
Bath Exeter Newton Abbot Salisbury Taunton Wincanton
South / South East
Ascot Brighton Epsom Folkestone Fontwell Park Goodwood Chelmsford City Kempton Park Lingfield Park Newbury Plumpton Sandown Park Windsor
Type of Racing
The majority of racecourses in Great Britain are national hunt courses where horses compete over jumps. Many courses are dual purpose and have a jumps course and a flat course. There are five all weather courses but this surface is proving to be very popular and new all weather courses are planned for the future.
Flat Turf
Question:
Perth, Pontefract and which other horse racing venue in Great Britain begin with P?
Answer:
Plumpton
Passage:
Paramaribo
Paramaribo (, nickname: Par′bo) is the capital and largest city of Suriname, located on the banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District. Paramaribo has a population of roughly 240,000 people (2012 census), almost half of Suriname's population. The historic inner city of Paramaribo has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2002.

Name 

The city is named for the Paramaribo tribe living at the mouth of the Suriname River; the name is from Tupi-Guarani para "large river" + maribo "inhabitants". 

History 

The area, a trading post started by the Dutch, was taken by the English in 1630, and in 1650 the city became the capital of the new English colony. The area changed hands often between the English and Dutch but it was in Dutch hands again in 1667 and under Dutch rule from 1815 until the independence of Suriname in 1975.

Paramaribo is home to a historic Jewish community.  One of the oldest synagogues in the Americas is located in Paramaribo. It was built in 1685 near the Suriname River.

In January 1821, a fire in the city centre destroyed more than 400 houses and other buildings. A second fire in September 1832 destroyed another 46 houses on the western part of the Waterkant.

In 1943 a military plane crashed on its way to North Africa near the city, killing two FBI Agents and 33 other people who were on board. The cause of the aircraft accident was never determined and very few remains of the 35 people aboard were found. 

Geography 

The city is located on the Suriname River, approximately 15 km inland from the Atlantic Ocean, in the Paramaribo district.

File:Kaart van Paramaribo.png|Paramaribo around 1737.
File:Platte grond van de stad Paramaribo (1821).jpg|Paramaribo in 1821. Indicated in brown is the area devastated by the city fire of that year.
File:Plan von Paramaribo.jpg|Paramaribo around 1876.
File:Map of Paramaribo (1920).jpg|Paramaribo around 1916-1917

Climate 

Paramaribo features a tropical rainforest climate, under the Köppen climate classification. The city has no true dry season, all 12 months of the year average more than 60 mm of precipitation, but the city does experience noticeably wetter and drier periods during the year. September through November is the driest period of the year in Paramaribo. Common to many cities with this climate, temperatures are relatively consistent throughout the course of the year, with average high temperatures of 31 degrees Celsius and average low temperatures of 22 degrees Celsius. Paramaribo on average sees roughly 2200 mm of rain each year.

Demographics 

Paramaribo has a population of 240,924 people (2012 census). The city is famed for its diverse ethnic makeup, including Creoles (African or African-European descent) 27%, Indian (East Indian descent) 23%, Multiracials 18%, Maroons (descendants of escaped African slaves) 16%, Javanese (Indonesian descent) 10%, Indigenous (descendants of native population) 2%, Chinese (descendants of 19th-century contract workers) 1.5%, and smaller numbers of Europeans (primarily of Dutch and Portuguese descent), Lebanese and Jews. In the past decades a significant number of Brazilians, Guyanese and new Chinese immigrants have settled in Paramaribo.

Economy 

Paramaribo is the business and financial centre of Suriname. Even though the capital city does not produce significant goods itself, almost all revenues from the country's main export products gold, oil, bauxite, rice, and tropical wood are channeled through its institutions. All banks, insurance corporations and other financial and commercial companies are headquartered in Paramaribo. Around 75 percent of Suriname's GDP is consumed in Paramaribo.

Tourism is an increasingly important sector, with most visitors coming from the Netherlands. 

Government 

Administratively, Paramaribo forms its own district in Suriname. The resorts of Paramaribo district therefore correspond to boroughs of the city. There are twelve resorts in the Paramaribo district:

Transport 

Paramaribo is served by the Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport and Zorg en Hoop Airport for local flights. The Jules Wijdenbosch Bridge, which is part of the East-West Link, connects Paramaribo with Meerzorg on the other side of the Suriname River.

Most airlines like Gum Air, Caricom Airways and Blue Wing Airlines have their head offices on the grounds of Zorg en Hoop Airport in Paramaribo.

Education 

Paramaribo's institution of higher learning is Anton de Kom University of Suriname, the country's only university.

Healthcare 

Paramaribo is home to four hospitals, the Academic Hospital Paramaribo, 's Lands Hospitaal, Sint Vincentius Hospital and Diakonessenhuis.

Notable landmarks 

*Suriname Mosque
*National Assembly of Suriname
*Neveh Shalom Synagogue
*Roman Catholic St Peter and St Paul Cathedral
*The Arya Dewaker Hindu Temple
*Presidential Palace of Suriname Presidential Palace
*Garden of Palms, a landscape garden of royal palms behind the presidential palace

Sports 

Paramaribo is also the birthplace of several football players; some of them later represented the Netherlands:
* Maarten Atmodikoro
* Regi Blinker
* Edson Braafheid
* Romeo Castelen
* Edgar Davids
* Henk Fraser
* Ulrich van Gobbel
* Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink
* Jerry de Jong
* Kelvin Leerdam
* Stanley Menzo
* Herman Rijkaard
* Clarence Seedorf
* Andwélé Slory
* Mark de Vries
* Fabian Wilnis
* Aron Winter

Other sports such as badminton, tennis, swimming, track & field athletics, cycling, golf, volleyball and basketball are also commonly played in Suriname.

Paramaribo is also the birthplace of kickboxer and Mixed Martial Artist Tyrone Spong and kickboxer Andy Ristie.

Twin towns – Sister cities

Paramaribo is twinned with:
*  Antwerp, Belgium.
*  Hangzhou, China.
*  Georgetown, Guyana 
*  Willemstad, Curaçao. 
*  Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
Question:
Paramaribo is the capital of which republic in South America?
Answer:
Republic of Suriname
Passage:
Spend Spend Spend
Spend Spend Spend is a musical with a book and lyrics by Steve Brown and Justin Greene and music by Brown.

In 1961, Yorkshire housewife Viv Nicholson won £152,319 in the football pools. When a reporter asked her what she planned to do with her new fortune, she replied, "I'm going to spend, spend, spend!," which is exactly what she did. Her rags-to-riches-to-rags-again story takes her through five husbands, expensive sports cars, fur coats, and jewelry, a battle with alcohol, and bankruptcy as, unable to cope with her new-found wealth and fame, she rapidly spirals downward. 

Spend Spend Spend premiered in 1998 at the West Yorkshire Playhouse and won the Barclays Theatre Award for Best Musical of the Year.The production starred Rosie Ashe and Nigel Richards. After a week of previews, the West End production, directed by Jeremy Sams and choreographed by Craig Revel Horwood, opened on October 12, 1999 at the Piccadilly Theatre, where it ran until August 5, 2000. The original cast included Barbara Dickson, Steven Houghton, and Rachel Leskovac. The original London production was arranged by the Musical Director, Dane Preece.

Shortly after closing in London the production, with most of the original cast, went on a UK Tour.  The Musical Director for the tour was Steve Hill.

On July 8 2009, the Watermill Theatre presented a revival of the musical, which would follow with a 7-week tour across the country, beginning September 28 2010 to November 9 2010. It was awarded the 2010 TMA award for Best Musical and Kirsty Hoiles (young Viv) was awarded the TMA award for Best Supporting Actress in a Musical.

Awards and nominations

*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Musical (nominee)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical (Dickson, winner)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical (Leskovac, nominee)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Supporting Performance In A Musical (Houghton, nominee)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director (nominee)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Choreography (nominee)
*Laurence Olivier Award for Best Set Design (nominee)
*Evening Standard Award for Best Musical (winner)
*Critics Circle Award for Best Musical (winner)
Question:
After winning £152,000 in 1961, whose autobiography was entitled 'Spend, Spend, Spend'?
Answer:
Vivian Nicholson
Passage:
Nephrosis
Nephrosis is any of various forms of kidney disease (nephropathy). In an old and broad sense of the term, it is any nephropathy,  but in current usage the term is usually restricted to a narrower sense of nephropathy without inflammation or neoplasia,  in which sense it is distinguished from nephritis, which involves inflammation. It is also defined as any purely degenerative disease of the renal tubules. Nephrosis is characterized by a set of signs called the nephrotic syndrome. Nephrosis can be a primary disorder or can be secondary to another disorder. Nephrotic complications of another disorder can coexist with nephritic complications. In other words, nephrosis and nephritis can be pathophysiologically contradistinguished, but that does not mean that they cannot occur simultaneously.

Types of nephrosis include amyloid nephrosis and osmotic nephrosis.

Epidemiology
Question:
In humans, nephrosis is the degeneration of which organ?
Answer:
Human kidney
Passage:
Harry Hole
Harry Hole is the main character in a series of crime novels written by Norwegian author Jo Nesbø. Hole is a brilliant and driven detective with unorthodox methods, a classic loose cannon in the police force.

Character

Harry Hole, a police officer with the Oslo Crime Squad, lost his mother, a descendant of the Sami people, to cancer while he was in his twenties, and he has never had a close relationship to his father, Olav Hole, a former teacher. He was born in 1965, and has a younger sister with Down syndrome. He is unmarried, but has had close relationships with a number of women throughout the series of ten novels. Otherwise, he has few close friends – and the ability to make enemies from amongst his colleagues who, nevertheless, grudgingly respect him.

Hole is a heavy smoker and an alcoholic although, at times, his alcoholism is under control. The effects of his problem sometimes bring him into repeated conflict with his superiors and some colleagues, but Bjarne Møller, head of Hole's department and one of his closest friends, manages to prevent him from being sacked as a result, primarily because he recognises that Harry Hole is a brilliant detective who is recognised amongst his colleagues because of his role in the solving the case of a serial killer in Australia. Hole is one of few in the force who has undergone special training in police interrogation techniques and firearms by the FBI.

Hole has few friends within the Oslo Police Department, exceptions being some staff at the forensics division of the Norwegian police, including Beate Lønn, whom he often uses to secure crucial information in critical situations where specialist knowledge is required, and Bjørn Holm, another skilled forensics officer. Harry is also friendly with Gunnar Hagen, his former senior officer prior to the case chronicled in Phantom.

In many ways, the author's home city of Oslo has the starring role in the Harry Hole novels. Much of the background detail of the stories involves real locations, and the city is shown "warts and all", ranging from Hole's favourite eating and drinking places that he frequents, to the traffic of the so-called "Traffic Machine" road system, the real-life headquarters of the Police Department, the swimming pool at Frogner Park, to the haunts of neo-Nazis, drug addicts and prostitutes, all of this described vividly (in the various novels) at different times of the year – in the snow and freezing weather of winter to the high temperatures of a particularly warm summer. Harry Hole's friends and acquaintances include city residents from every social background, including immigrants from other parts of the world to old school friends such as Øystein Eikeland, the taxi driver – possibly the person with whom he is closest.

Harry Hole's home address is in Sofies Gate in Bislett, Oslo. In Phantom he no longer lives here, as he has been in Hong Kong for three years. Near his place of residence is his favourite "watering hole", Restaurant Schrøder (Schrøder's, for short) in St. Hanshaugen, which figures in most of the novels. He has had a serious relationship with Rakel Fauke, whose son, Oleg, looks up to Harry as a father figure. After the case chronicled in The Snowman, their relationship is put under severe pressure.

"Hole", Harry's family name, is the name of a historic Norwegian town (Hole, Norway), with a heritage that goes back to Norway's origins in the Viking Age. The name is derived from Old Norse Hólar, the plural form of hóll, meaning "round (and isolated) hill". The word is pronounced as two syllables, with stress on the first (hoh-leh), as is implied in The Bat, where the Australian police call him "Harry Holy".

Appearances in the Harry Hole series

* In The Bat (1997), Hole is sent to Sydney, Australia to aid the Australian police in their investigation of the murder of a Norwegian citizen.
* In Cockroaches (1998), Hole is sent to Thailand to investigate the murder of the Norwegian ambassador.
* In The Redbreast (2000), Hole tracks an assassin planning an attack on a prominent member of the establishment.
* In Nemesis (2002), Hole investigates a fatal bank robbery and becomes implicated in the apparent murder of an ex-girlfriend.
* In The Devil's Star (2003), Hole investigates a series of serial killings and suspects a fellow policeman of criminal activity. 
* In The Redeemer (2005), Hole is on the trail of a Croatian hitman who kills a Salvation Army officer during a Christmas street concert.
* In The Snowman (2007), Hole struggles to identify Norway's first serial killer.
* In The Leopard (2009), Hole returns from self-imposed exile in Hong Kong and unofficially investigates a serial killer.
* In Phantom (2011), Hole again returns from Hong Kong to look into a murder apparently committed by his would-be son, Oleg. His investigation draws him into Oslo's drug scene.
* In Police (2013), Hole is needed once again to discover the identity of a serial killer who is stalking the streets of Oslo, killing police officers who previously investigated old cases.

Books

*1997 – Flaggermusmannen; English title: The Bat (2012)
*1998 – Kakerlakkene; English title: Cockroaches (2013)
*2000 – Rødstrupe; English translation: The Redbreast (2006)
*2002 – Sorgenfri; English translation: Nemesis (2008)
*2003 – Marekors; English translation: The Devil's Star (2005)
*2005 – Frelseren; English translation by Don Bartlett: The Redeemer (2009)
*2007 – Snømannen; English translation by Don Bartlett: The Snowman (2010)
*2009 – Panserhjerte; English translation by Don Bartlett: The Leopard (2011)
*2011 – Gjenferd; English translation by Don Bartlett: Phantom (2012)
*2013 - Politi; English translation: Police (2013)
Question:
Which writer created the detective Harry Hole?
Answer:
Jo Nesbø
Passage:
Republic of Upper Volta
The Republic of Upper Volta () was a landlocked west-African country established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community. Before attaining autonomy it had been French Upper Volta and  part of the French Union. On August 5, 1960, it attained full independence from France.

Overview

Thomas Sankara came to power through a military coup d'état on August 4, 1983. After the coup, he formed the National Council for the Revolution (CNR), with himself as president. Under the direction of Sankara, the country changed its name on August 4, 1984, from the Upper Volta to Burkina Faso, which means "Land of Incorruptible People".

The name Upper Volta indicated that the country contains the upper part of the Volta River. The river is divided into three parts—the Black Volta, White Volta, and Red Volta, which form the colors of the national flag corresponding to parts of the river.
Question:
The Republic of Upper Volta was renamed what (two-words) in 1984, meaning respectively 'men of integrity' and 'fatherland' in its two native languages?
Answer:
Bourkina-Fasso
Passage:
Home Thoughts from Abroad
Home-Thoughts, from Abroad is a poem by Robert Browning. It was written in 1845 while Browning was on a visit to northern Italy, and was first published in his Dramatic Romances and Lyrics. 

Full text

OH, to be in England
Now that April 's there,
And whoever wakes in England
Sees, some morning, unaware,
That the lowest boughs and the brushwood sheaf
Round the elm-tree bole are in tiny leaf,
While the chaffinch sings on the orchard bough
In England—now!

And after April, when May follows,
And the whitethroat builds, and all the swallows!
Hark, where my blossom'd pear-tree in the hedge
Leans to the field and scatters on the clover
Blossoms and dewdrops—at the bent spray's edge—
That 's the wise thrush; he sings each song twice over,
Lest you should think he never could recapture
The first fine careless rapture!
And though the fields look rough with hoary dew,
All will be gay when noontide wakes anew
The buttercups, the little children's dower
—Far brighter than this gaudy melon-flower! 

In culture

In 1995, Home Thoughts was voted 46th in a BBC poll to find the United Kingdom's favourite poems. 

Home thoughts from Abroad is also the title of a song by Clifford T Ward, part of his 1973 album Home Thoughts.

Home Thoughts from Abroad is also the title of a poem by John Buchan about WW1
Question:
Who wrote the 1845 poem 'Home Thoughts from Abroad'?
Answer:
Browningian
Passage:
Caloris Planitia
Caloris Planitia is a plain within a large impact basin on Mercury, informally named Caloris, about  in diameter.  It is one of the largest impact basins in the Solar System. The plain itself is about 685 km in diameter. "Calor" is Latin for "heat" and the basin is so-named because the Sun is almost directly overhead every second time Mercury passes perihelion.  The crater, discovered in 1974, is surrounded by a ring of mountains approximately 2 km tall.

Appearance

Caloris was discovered on images taken by the Mariner 10 probe in 1974.  It was situated on the terminator—the line dividing the daytime and nighttime hemispheres—at the time the probe passed by, and so half of the crater could not be imaged. Later, on January 15, 2008, one of the first photos of the planet taken by the MESSENGER probe revealed the crater in its entirety.

The basin was initially estimated to be about 810 mi in diameter, though this was increased to 960 mi based on subsequent images taken by MESSENGER. It is ringed by mountains up to 2 km high.  Inside the crater walls, the floor of the crater is filled by lava plains,  similar to the maria of the Moon. These plains are superposed by explosive vents associated with pyroclastic material. Outside the walls, material ejected in the impact which created the basin extends for , and concentric rings surround the crater.

In the center of the basin is a region containing numerous radial troughs that appear to be extensional faults, with a 40 km crater located near the center of the pattern. The exact cause of this pattern of troughs is not currently known. The feature is named Pantheon Fossae. 

Formation

The impacting body is estimated to have been at least 100 km (62 miles) in diameter.  

Bodies in the inner Solar System experienced a heavy bombardment of large rocky bodies in the first billion years or so of the Solar System. The impact which created Caloris must have occurred after most of the heavy bombardment had finished, because fewer impact craters are seen on its floor than exist on comparably-sized regions outside the crater.  Similar impact basins on the Moon such as the Mare Imbrium and Mare Orientale are believed to have formed at about the same time, possibly indicating that there was a 'spike' of large impacts towards the end of the heavy bombardment phase of the early Solar System.  Based on MESSENGER's photographs, Caloris' age has been determined to be between 3.8 and 3.9 billion years.

Antipodal chaotic terrain and global effects

The giant impact believed to have formed Caloris may have had global consequences for the planet.  At the exact antipode of the basin is a large area of hilly, grooved terrain, with few small impact craters that are known as chaotic terrain (also "weird terrain"). It is thought by some to have been created as seismic waves from the impact converged on the opposite side of the planet.  Alternatively, it has been suggested that this terrain formed as a result of the convergence of ejecta at this basin’s antipode.  This hypothetical impact is also believed to have triggered volcanic activity on Mercury, resulting in the formation of smooth plains.  Surrounding Caloris is a series of geologic formations thought to have been produced by the basin's ejecta, collectively called the Caloris Group.

Emissions of gas

Mercury has a very tenuous and transient atmosphere, containing small amounts of hydrogen and helium captured from the solar wind, as well as heavier elements such as sodium and potassium.  These are thought to originate within the planet, being "out-gassed" from beneath its crust.  The Caloris basin has been found to be a significant source of sodium and potassium, indicating that the fractures created by the impact facilitate the release of gases from within the planet.  The weird terrain is also a source of these gases. 

Gallery

File:Caloris basin labeled.png|Mosaic of half of Caloris basin photographed by Mariner 10 in 1974–75.
File:Spider crater on planet mercury.jpg|Pantheon Fossae in Caloris
File:Mercury weird terrain.jpg|Hilly, lineated terrain at the antipode of Caloris 
File:Mercury's 'Weird Terrain'.jpg|Close up of the chaotic terrain
File:PIA19421-Mercury-Craters-MunchSanderPoe-20150416.jpg|Enhanced color image of craters amid plains near Caloris basin
File:PIA19450-PlanetMercury-CalorisBasin-20150501.jpg|Perspective view of Caloris – high (red); low (blue).
Question:
The Caloris Basin, a large impact crater, is on which planet in our solar system?
Answer:
Mercury
Passage:
2016 RIO OLYMPICS: HISTORY OF BOXING IN THE SUMMER GAMES ...
2016 RIO OLYMPICS:  HISTORY OF BOXING IN THE SUMMER GAMES PART III
2016 RIO OLYMPICS:  HISTORY OF BOXING IN THE SUMMER GAMES PART III
By Maloney L. Samaco
PhilBoxing.com
Wed, 20 Jul 2016
In London in 1948 very strong southpaw fighter Laszlo Papp made his Olympic debut where he won the first of his three successive Olympic golds. The Hungarian also grabbed the light middleweight gold medals in the 1952 and 1956 Games, becoming the first athlete to win three Olympic boxing titles which was later equalled by Cubans Teofilo Stevenson and Felix Savon. Papp was the first Soviet bloc fighter to turn professional.  He once said, "I fight for money, but I am not greedy. How many steaks can one man eat?"
During the 1952 Helsinki Olympics, 17-year-old Floyd Patterson, fighting  from Brooklyn, New York,  won four bouts en route to the finals. In the gold medal match, Patterson knocked his opponent Romanian Vasile Tita out in just 74 seconds with an  uppercut to the chin. Patterson turned pro and became the youngest heavyweight champion in the world at age 21 until Mike Tyson broke the record at age 20.
In the 1956 Melbourne Games, an American soldier named Pete Rademacher from Yakima, Washington, faced mighty Soviet Russian Lev Mukhin in the finals. Mukhin won all three of his bouts by knockout or TKO, and was a heavy favorite to win the gold medal. But Rademacher reversed the outcome as he knocked down Mukin in 50 seconds, then twice more in the next 80 seconds. When he turned professional Rademacher would face Floyd Patterson in his debut. He floored  Patterson in the second round, but lost the fight in Round 6.
Winning the light heavyweight gold at the 1960 Rome Olympics, Cassius Clay began a step toward becoming the most popular and quotable athlete in the world. Clay, then age 18, gave the world a preliminary glance of his extraordinary skill in the ring and likewise his speaking finesse, when a Soviet journalist asked him about racial descrimination in America he answered: "Russian, we got qualified men working on that problem. We got the biggest and the prettiest cars. We got all the food we can eat. America is the greatest country in the world, and as far as places I can't eat  goes, I got lots of places I can eat, more places I can than I can't." Four years later, Clay, this time named Muhammad Ali, won his first world heavyweight title.
Joe Frazier at first was not included in the US boxing team to the 1964 Tokyo Games, Asia's first Olympic Games. But a broken knuckle caused Buster Mathis to withdraw, so Frazier came as a substitute. The Philadelphia native heavyweight boxer, won a decision by a slim margin over West German Hans Huber in the final match, despite fighting hurt with a broken hand. Smokin' Joe Frazier was the only boxing finalist for the United States in the 1964 Games and later became a world heavyweight champion as a professional.
In the 1968 Games in Mexico, George Foreman was practically a beginner in the sport of boxing with only 18 matches in his experience.  But he came out the heavyweight gold medal winner. After the Games, Foreman was on the headlines as a professional boxer in a colorful career that included a first world title in 1973, a historic bout with Muhammad Ali in the "Rumble in the Jungle" in 1974, and as an unbelievable world champion in 1994 at age 45.
Question:
Who was the first boxer to win three successive Olympic Heavyweight titles?
Answer:
Teófilo Stevenson Lawrence
Passage:
Windsock
A windsock is a conical textile tube which resembles a giant sock. Windsocks typically are used at airports to indicate the direction and strength of the wind to pilots and at chemical plants where there is risk of gaseous leakage. They are sometimes located alongside highways at windy locations.

Wind direction is the opposite of the direction in which the windsock is pointing (note that wind directions are conventionally specified as being the compass point from which the wind originates; so a windsock pointing due north indicates a southerly wind). Wind speed is indicated by the windsock's angle relative to the mounting pole; in low winds, the windsock droops; in high winds it flies horizontally.

Per FAA standards referenced below, a 15 kn wind will fully extend the properly functioning windsock. A 3 kn breeze will cause the properly functioning windsock to orient itself according to the wind.

Per Transport Canada standards: a 15 kn wind will fully extend the wind sock, a 10 kn wind will cause the wind sock to be 5° below the horizontal, a 6 kn wind will cause the wind sock to be 30° below the horizontal.

At many airports, windsocks are lighted at night, either by flood lights on top surrounding it or with one mounted on the pole shining inside it.

Windsocks are also popular with children and can have bright and colorful designs. These windsocks are not particularly functional and are mostly for decoration. However, they can be used as a basic guide to wind direction and speed.
Question:
What is the name for the conical textile tube hung from a pole at airports used to indicate wind direction and relative speed?
Answer:
Windsock
Passage:
Night monkey
The night monkeys, also known as the owl monkeys or douroucoulis, are the members of the genus Aotus of New World monkeys (monotypic in family Aotidae). The only nocturnal monkeys, they are native to Panama and much of tropical South America. Night monkeys constitute one of the few monkey species that are affected by the often deadly human malaria protozoan Plasmodium falciparum, making them useful as non-human primate experimental models in malaria research. 

Taxonomy

Until 1983, all night monkeys were placed into only one (A. lemurimus) or two species (A. lemurinus and A. azarae). Chromosome variability showed that there was more than one species in the genus and Hershkovitz (1983) used morphological and karyological evidence to propose nine species, one of which is now recognised as a junior synonym. He split Aotus into two groups: a northern, gray-necked group (A. lemurinus, A. hershkovitzi, A. trivirgatus and A. vociferans) and a southern, red-necked group (A. miconax, A. nancymaae, A. nigriceps and A. azarae). Arguably, the taxa otherwise considered subspecies of A. lemurinus – brumbacki, griseimembra and zonalis – should be considered separate species, whereas A. hershkovitzi arguably is a junior synonym of A. lemurinus. A new species from the gray-necked group was recently described as A. jorgehernandezi.  As is the case with some other splits in this genus, an essential part of the argument for recognizing this new species was differences in the chromosomes. Chromosome evidence has also been used as an argument for merging "species", as was the case for considering infulatus a subspecies of A. azarae rather than a separate species.  Fossil species have (correctly or incorrectly) been assigned to this genus, but only extant species are listed below.

Classification

Family Aotidae
* Aotus lemurinus (gray-necked) group:
** Gray-bellied night monkey, Aotus lemurinus
** Panamanian night monkey, Aotus zonalis
** Gray-handed night monkey, Aotus griseimembra
** Hernández-Camacho's night monkey, Aotus jorgehernandezi
** Brumback's night monkey, Aotus brumbacki
** Three-striped night monkey, Aotus trivirgatus
** Spix's night monkey, Aotus vociferans
* Aotus azarae (red-necked) group:
** Azara's night monkey, Aotus azarae
** Peruvian night monkey, Aotus miconax
** Nancy Ma's night monkey, Aotus nancymaae
** Black-headed night monkey, Aotus nigriceps

Physical characteristics

Night monkeys have large brown eyes; the size improves their nocturnal vision, thus increasing their ability to be active at night. Their ears are rather difficult to see; this is why their genus name, Aotus (meaning "earless") was chosen. There is little data on the weights of wild night monkeys. From the figures that have been collected, it appears that males and females are similar in weight; the heaviest species is Azara's night monkey at around , and the lightest is Brumback's night monkey, which weighs between . The male is slightly taller than the female, measuring , respectively.

Ecology

Night monkeys can be found in Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina, Bolivia, and Venezuela. The species that live at higher elevations tend to have thicker fur than the monkeys at sea level. The night monkey can live in forests undisturbed by humans (primary forest) as well as forests that are recovering from human logging efforts (secondary forest).Cawthon Lang KA. 2005 July 18. [http://pin.primate.wisc.edu/factsheets/entry/owl_monkey/taxon Primate Factsheets: Owl monkey (Aotus) Taxonomy, Morphology, & Ecology]. Accessed 2012 July 25.

Behavior

The name "night monkey" comes from the fact that all species are active at night and are, in fact, the only truly nocturnal monkeys (an exception is the subspecies Aotus azarae azarae, which is cathemeral). Night monkeys make a notably wide variety of vocal sounds, with up to eight categories of distinct calls (gruff grunts, resonant grunts, sneeze grunts, screams, low trills, moans, gulps, and hoots), and a frequency range of 190-1,950 Hz.  Unusual among the New World monkeys, they are monochromats, that is, they have no colour vision, presumably because it is of no advantage given their nocturnal habits. They have a better spatial resolution at low light levels than other primates, which contributes to their ability to capture insects and move at night.  Night monkeys live in family groups consisting of a mated pair and their immature offspring. Family groups defend territories by vocal calls and scent marking.

The night monkey is socially monogamous, and all night monkeys form pair bonds. Only one infant is born each year. The male is the primary caregiver, and the mother only carries the infant for the first week or so of its life. This is believed to have developed because it increases the survival of the infant and reduces the metabolic costs on the female. Adults will occasionally be evicted from the group by same-sex individuals, either kin or outsiders.
Question:
A douroucouli is what type of animal?
Answer:
Monkey
