Passage:
Types of Characters in Fiction - Lexiconic
Types of Characters in Fiction
Types              of Characters in Fiction
"What does characterization             do for a story? In a nutshell, it allows us to empathize with the protagonist             and secondary characters, and thus feel that what is happening to these             people in the story is vicariously happening to us; and it also gives             us a sense of verisimilitude, or the semblance of living reality. An             important part of characterization is dialogue, for it is both spoken             and inward dialogue that afford us the opportunity to see into the characters'             hearts and examine their motivations. In the best of stories, it is             actually characterization that moves the story along, because a compelling             character in a difficult situation creates his or her own plot."
Karen Bernardo, Characterization             in Literature
In fictional literature,             authors use many different types of characters to tell their stories.             Different types of characters fulfill different roles in the narrative             process, and with a little bit of analysis, you can usually detect some or all of the types below.
Major or central characters are vital to the development and resolution of the conflict.               In other words, the plot and resolution of conflict revolves around               these characters.
Minor characters serve to complement the major characters and help move the plot events               forward.
Dynamic - A dynamic character is a person who changes over time, usually               as a result of resolving a central conflict or facing a major crisis.               Most dynamic characters tend to be central rather than peripheral               characters, because resolving the conflict is the major role of central               characters.
Static - A static character is someone who does not change over time;               his or her personality does not transform or evolve.
Round - A rounded character is anyone who has a complex personality;               he or she is often portrayed as a conflicted and contradictory person.
Flat - A flat character is the opposite of a round character. This literary               personality is notable for one kind of personality trait or characteristic.
Stock - Stock characters are those types of characters who have become conventional               or stereotypical through repeated use in particular types of stories. Stock characters are instantly recognizable to readers or audience members (e.g. the femme fatale, the cynical but moral private eye, the mad scientist, the geeky boy with glasses, and the faithful sidekick). Stock characters are normally one-dimensional flat characters, but sometimes stock               personalities are deeply conflicted, rounded characters (e.g. the               "Hamlet" type).
Protagonist - The protagonist is the central person in a story, and is often referred               to as the story's main character. He or she (or they) is faced with               a conflict that must be resolved. The protagonist may not always be               admirable (e.g. an anti-hero); nevertheless s/he must command involvement               on the part of the reader, or better yet, empathy.
Antagonist - The antagonist is the character(s) (or situation) that represents               the opposition against which the protagonist must contend. In other               words, the antagonist is an obstacle that the protagonist must overcome.
Anti-Hero - A major character, usually the protagonist, who lacks conventional               nobility of mind, and who struggles for values not deemed universally               admirable. Duddy, in Mordecai Richler's The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz, is a classic anti-hero. He's vulgar, manipulative and self-centered. Nevertheless, Duddy is the center of the story, and we are drawn to the challenges he must overcome and the goals he seeks to achieve.
Foil - A foil is any character (usually the antagonist or an important supporting character) whose personal qualities contrast with another character (usually the protagonist). By providing this contrast, we get to know more about the other character.
Symbolic - A symbolic character is any major or minor character whose very existence represents some major idea or aspect of society. For example, in Lord of the Flies, Piggy is a symbol of both the rationality and physical weakness of modern civilization; Jack, on the other hand, symbolizes the violent tendencies (the Id) that William Golding believes is within human nature.
Direct presentation (or characterization) - This refers to what the speaker or narrator directly says or thinks about a character. In other words, in a direct characterization, the reader is told what the character is like. When Dickens  describes Scrooge like this: "I present him to you: Ebenezer Scrooge....the most tightfisted hand at   the grindstone, Scrooge! A squeezing, wrenching, grasping, scraping,   clutching, covetous, old sinner!" - this is very direct characterization!
Indirect presentation (or characterization) - This refers to what the character says or does. The reader then infers what the character is all about. This mimics how we understand people in the real world, since we can't "get inside their heads". In other words, in an indirect characterization, it's the reader who is obliged to figure out what the character is like. And sometimes the reader will get it wrong.
Question:
"In literature, what is the word for a person, or a group of people who oppose the main character, or the main characters (in simple terms, ""the villain"")?"
Answer:
Antagonists
Passage:
Peter Wilson (sport shooter)
Peter Robert Russell Wilson MBE (born 15 September 1986), is a retired English sport shooter who specialises in the double trap. He is the current world record holder for the event, having scored 198 out of 200 at a World Cup event in Arizona during 2012. A member of the British team for the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was the youngest competitor in the men's double trap event, where he won the gold medal. 

Early life

Born in Dorset on 15 September 1986, Wilson took up shooting at his father's suggestion after he suffered nerve damage to his shoulder in a snowboarding accident which left him unable to play squash and cricket. He was raised on his parents' farm.

Education

Wilson was educated at three independent schools: at the pre-prep St. Antony's Leweston Preparatory School in the market town of Sherborne in Dorset, the junior school Hazlegrove Preparatory School in the village of Sparkford, near the town of Yeovil in Somerset, followed by senior school at Millfield School in the town of Street, also in Somerset. He then went to The Arts University College at Bournemouth (formerly Arts Institute at Bournemouth), in the large coastal town of Poole in Dorset, where he studied Graphic Design.

Career

Wilson tried his hand at both skeet and trap but was not enthusiastic enough to train religiously for them. However after trying double trap he found a discipline that he is happy to train for every day. Wilson was encouraged by Ian Coley after meeting at the Bisley shooting ground. Soon after this he was training with shooters such as Richard Faulds and Stevan Walton.  

Within four months of trying shooting at the Bisley Ranges, Wilson became the 2006 European Junior Champion at the tournament in Slovenia. 

In 2008 he attended the 2008 Summer Olympics as part of Great Britain's Olympic Ambition Programme to expose possible future Olympians to the Olympic experience.  He began being coached by Ahmad Mohammad Hasher Al Maktoum, who is a member of the ruling family of Dubai and the 2004 Summer Olympics gold medallist in the double trap. Following budget cuts by UK Sport following the lack of shooting medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Wilson's funding was removed completely and he was required to fund his shooting expenses which amount to nearly £10,000 a year. He tried to work in a pub as a barman, but found that the night shifts conflicted with his shooting practice. His parents instead funded him for a year while he tried to secure further funding. He has also raised funds, along with the rest of the British shooting team, by running fundraising events.

Wilson finished in fourth place at the 2011 European Shooting Championships in Belgrade with a score of 191 in the final. However, the British team came second overall, earning Wilson a silver medal alongside Stevan Walton and Richard Faulds.  At a World Cup event held in Tucson, Arizona in 2012, Wilson set a new world record for the double trap. He scored 198 out of a possible 200 in the final, beating the previous record of 196. By winning a silver at the World Cup event in Chile in March 2012, he gained another quota spot for the British team for the 2012 Summer Olympics.

He is a member of the Southern Counties shooting club.  Having warmed up at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich in April in the test event for the Olympic venue,  on 28 May, Wilson was named part of the British team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He won gold, scoring 188 out of a possible 200 hits on 2 August 2012.  It was Britain's first Olympic shooting medal since teammate Richard Faulds won the event in the 2000 Sydney Olympics.

Wilson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to shooting.  

On October 31, 2014, at the age of 28, Wilson officially announced his retirement from competitive shooting to focus on personal life and coaching, ending his abruptly short, but remarkable career with an Olympic gold medal in men's double trap from London 2012, and three more from the 2013 ISSF World Cup series.
Question:
For which event did Peter Wilson win Team GB's only shooting medal (gold)?
Answer:
Men's double trap
Passage:
Endromis versicolora
Endromis versicolora, the Kentish glory, is a moth of the family Endromidae. It is found in the Palaearctic region.

The wingspan is 50–70 mm. The adults fly from March to May.
Females, are much larger and paler than the males, and fly only at night in order to lay eggs. Males, which fly both by night and day, can detect female pheromones from a distance up to 2 km.

Yellow at first, then purplish-brown eggs are laid in 2–3 "rows" around thin branch of birch. After 10–14 days little black caterpillars hatch.

The caterpillars primarily feed on birch (Betula sp.), but accepts lots of other trees and shrubs: Alnus sp., Corylus sp., Tilia sp., Carpinus sp. It is green with paler stripes, at first feeds in small groups of 15–30 larvae. Mature ones separate and feed only at night individually.

Endromis versicolora has a single generation a year; it overwinters as a chrysalis in thin, loose, but strong cocoon buried in the soil at a shallow depth.

Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. Male.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Dos.jpg|Male dorsal side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. Male.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) ventre.jpg|Male ventral side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. female.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Dos.jpg|Female ventral side MHNT
Endromis versicolora MHNT.CUT.2011.0.446. female.Allier (Hautes-Pyrénées) Ventre.jpg|Female ventral side MHNT
Question:
What type of creature is a Kentish Glory?
Answer:
Moth
Passage:
George's Marvellous Medicine
George's Marvellous Medicine (known as George's Marvelous Medicine in the US) is a book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake. First published in 1981, the book was praised for its imitativeness and humour, but was also criticised for its underdeveloped plot and somewhat abrupt ending. The book is one of Dahl's shorter children's books.

Being a medical expert was one of what Dahl called his “dreams of glory”: he had huge respect for doctors and particularly those who pioneered new treatments. Dahl dedicated George's Marvellous Medicine to “doctors everywhere”.  An audio reading of the book was released with the actor Richard E. Grant narrating.

Plot

While George's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Kranky, are away running errands his maternal grandma is mean to him as she bosses him around and scares him by telling him that she likes to eat insects and believes that she is a witch. George decides to make a magic medicine to replace his horrid grandma's old medicine. He goes around his home and finds things to put in his grandmother's new medicine. He collects a variety of ingredients except those found in the medicine cupboards. Ingredients include deodorant and shampoo from the bathroom, floor polish from the laundry room, horseradish sauce and gin from the kitchen, animal medicines, engine oil and anti-freeze from the garage and brown paint to mimic the colour of the original medicine.

After cooking the ingredients in the kitchen, George gives the medicine to his grandma, who briefly blows up into a large balloon and her belly catches on fire. Then she grows and grows as tall as the house, bursting through the ceilings and the roof. He then tests it on one of his father's chickens, which grows ten times its original size. Mr. and Mrs. Kranky return home and can't believe their eyes when they see the giant chicken and Grandma. His mother drops the things she bought while his father becomes very excited at the thought of giant animals. Then Mr. Kranky has George use the medicine on the rest of the farm's animals, causing them to become giant animals as well. However, grandma begins complaining over being ignored and stuck in the roof of their house. Mr. Kranky hires a crane to remove her. Grandma's extreme height has her sleeping in the barn for the next few nights.

The following morning, Mr. Kranky is still excited about George's medicine and announces that he and George shall make more medicine to sell to farmers around the world and create more giant animals, believing it will end world hunger. George attempts to recreate his medicine, but is unable to remember the ingredients. The second medicine makes a chicken grow long legs, and the third makes a chicken grow a long neck. The fourth medicine has the opposite effect of the first medicine and makes animals shrink. An angry Grandma then storms out of the barn, once again sick of being unappreciated. She then sees the cup of medicine that George was testing before and mistakes it for tea before snatching it out of George's hands, much to his and Mrs. Kranky's horror and Mr. Kranky's delight. She drinks the entire cup and ends up shrinking so much she vanishes, much to the despair of Mrs. Kranky, who later accepts that her mother was becoming a nuisance anyway. George then reflects on the day's events and the day before, and starts to think that, because of the magical medicines he created, he might be beginning to develop magic powers.

Safety concerns

A popular book for reading to children in primary school, great care was taken by teachers to warn children to not try and recreate the "medicine" at home due to the hazardous nature of some of its ingredients. There is a warning before the story stating "Warning to Readers: Do not try to make George's Marvellous Medicine yourselves at home. It could be dangerous."

Television version

Rik Mayall read this story for the BBC's Jackanory programme, in a widely acclaimed performance.
Question:
Who wrote the children's book 'George's Marvellous Medicine'?
Answer:
Dahlesque
Passage:
Bournemouth F.C.
Bournemouth Football Club is an English football team currently playing in the Wessex League Premier Division, in the ninth tier of the English football league system. Their nickname is "The Poppies", and they are often known as Bournemouth Poppies to avoid confusion with the Premier League club A.F.C. Bournemouth. The club play at Victoria Park, Namu Road, in Bournemouth and are  founding members of the Hampshire FA and Bournemouth FA. 

History

The club was founded as Bournemouth Rovers on 11 September 1875 at a Meeting held in Abbotts Auction Mart in Old Christchurch Road.  In 1878 on Tuesday 26 November the club participated in one of the first floodlit matches, when they played under experimental electric lights at Dean Park for "a grand exhibition of the new electric light". In 1888 the club moved to Dean Park, and changed their name to Bournemouth Dean Park. The club changed its name again to Bournemouth F.C. in 1889 when the club amalgamated with local side Bournemouth Arabs, and moved grounds a season later to Victoria Park. In 1896–97 the club became founder members of the Hampshire League.

The club won the West Division in 1905 and repeated this again in 1910, this time playing at their new home of Namu Road. Namu Road was given to the club in 1908 by Mr. Jack Joy, a local landowner and former member of the club. A year later a grandstand was erected and formally opened by the Mayor. The Poppies had more success in the early years becoming County Division Champions either side of the Great War in 1914 and 1922. However, in 1929 the club was relegated into the newly formed Division Two, but were promoted back to Division One as champions in 1932. After the war, the club entered the FA Cup for its first time in the 1946–47 season.  The club achieved some success in other cup competitions in winning the Hampshire Intermediate Cup in 1950 and again in 1970 and 1972. In 1974 the Stand that had been erected in 1909 was destroyed by fire.

The club at the end of the 1978–79 season were promoted back to Division one of the Hampshire League but could only last a season in the top division. This relegation was followed two seasons later by a further relegation putting the club back into Division Three. They would remain in this Division until joining the newly formed Wessex League in 1985. The club two seasons later made its Debut in the FA Vase losing to Bridport in the Extra Preliminary round in the 1987–88 season. The club has since remained in this division with its best performance being in the 1994–95 season when under manager Alex Pike, they finished as runners-up to Fleet Town.

In the 2010–11 campaign the club won the League Cup, winning the final 1–0 against Winchester City. 

Ground

Bournemouth play their games at Victoria Park, Namu Road, Winton, Bournemouth BH9 2RA.

The ground was sold to Bournemouth Council after the Second World War for £4,500, they now lease it to the club on a peppercorn rent. The clubhouse was opened in 1985. The ground features a 205-seater stand and several rows of bench seating replacing the stand that was destroyed by fire in 1974. The remaining three sides are flat standing separated from the playing area by a permanent metal barrier.

Players

First-team squad

Honours

*Wessex League Premier Division :
** Runners-up: 1994–95
*Hampshire League Second Division  :
** Runners-up: 1978–79
*Wessex League Cup :  
** Winners: 2010–11
** Runners-up: 2006–07
* Hampshire League Shield
** Winners 1913-14
*Hampshire Intermediate Cup :
** Winners: 1949–50, 1969–70, 1971–72
*Russell-Cotes Cup :
** Runners-up: 1995–96, 2001–02

Records

*Highest League Position: 2nd in Wessex premier Division 1994–95
*FA Cup best performance: second qualifying round 1949–50, 1990–91, 2011–12
*FA Vase best performance: Quarter-finals 2011–12
*Biggest win:  14–1 Versus Tadley Calleva on 5 October 2010

Former players

1. Players that have played/managed in the football league or any foreign equivalent to this level (i.e. fully professional league).
2. Players with full international caps.
* Brian Mundee
* Simon Rayner
* George Webb
Question:
What is the nickname of Bournemouth F.C.?
Answer:
Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic
