Passage:
How opening lines from children's literature compare down ...
How opening lines from children's literature compare down the ages | News
How opening lines from children's literature compare down the ages
23rd February 2007 at 00:00
Share this
1. Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?"
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
By Lewis Carroll (1865)
2. Squire Trelawney, Dr Livesey, and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the whole particulars about Treasure Island, from the beginning to the end, keeping nothing back but the bearings of the island, and that only because there is still treasure not yet lifted, I take up my pen in the year of grace 17-, and go back to the time when my father kept the Admiral Benbow inn, and the brown old seaman, with the sabre cut, first took up his lodging under our roof.
Treasure Island
By Robert Louis Stevenson (1883)
3. When Mary Lennox was sent to Misselthwaite Manor to live with her uncle, everybody said she was the most disagreeable-looking child ever seen. It was true, too. She had a little thin face and a little thin body, thin light hair and a sour expression.
The Secret Garden
By Frances Hodgson Burnett (1911)
4. The Fossil sisters lived in the Cromwell Road. At that end of it which is farthest away from the Brompton Road, and yet sufficiently near it so one could be taken to look at the dolls' houses in the Victoria and Albert every wet day.
Ballet Shoes
By Noel Streatfeild (1936)
5. These two very old people are the father and mother of Mr Bucket. Their names are Grandpa Joe and Grandma Josephine. And these two very old people are the father and mother of Mrs Bucket. Their names are Grandpa George and Grandma Georgina. This is Mr Bucket. This is Mrs Bucket. Mr and Mrs Bucket have a small boy whose name is Charlie Bucket.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
By Roald Dahl (1964)
6. My name is Tracy Beaker. I am 10 years 2 months old. My birthday is on May 8. It's not fair, because that dopey Peter Ingham has his birthday then too, so we just got the one cake between us. And we had to hold the knife to cut the cake together. Which meant we only had half a wish each. Wishing is for babies anyway. Wishes don't come true.
The Story of Tracy Beaker
By Jacqueline Wilson (1991)
7. When the doorbell rings at three in the morning, it's never good news.
Alex Rider was woken by the first chime. His eyes flickered open, but for a moment he stayed completely still in his bed, lying on his back with his head resting on the pillow. He heard a bedroom door open and a creak of wood as somebody went downstairs.
Stormbreaker
Question:
Name the book and the author:' These two very old people are the father and mother of Mr. Bucket. Their names are Grandpa Joe and Grandma Josephine.'
Answer:
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl
Passage:
pantechnicon | Definition, meaning & more | Collins Dictionary
pantechnicon | Definition, meaning & more | Collins Dictionary
1. a large van , esp one used for furniture removals
2. a warehouse where furniture is stored
Collins English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers
Word origin of 'pantechnicon'
C19: from pan- + Greek tekhnikon relating to the arts, from tekhnē art; originally the name of a London bazaar, the building later being used as a furniture warehouse
pantechnicon in American English (pænˈtɛknɪˌkɑn ; pantekˈnikänˌ)
Definitions
1.  Originally a bazaar where all kinds of things were sold
2.  a warehouse
3.  a furniture van: also pantechnicon van
Webster’s New World College Dictionary, Fourth Edition, compiled by the editors of Webster’s New World Dictionaries. Copyright © 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. All rights reserved.
Word origin of 'pantechnicon'
Question:
What type of vehicle is a pantechnicon?
Answer:
A LARGE VAN
Passage:
Arthur Askey
Arthur Bowden Askey, CBE (6 June 190016 November 1982) was an English comedian and actor. Askey's humour owed much to the playfulness of the characters he portrayed, his improvisation, and his use of catchphrases, which included "Hello playmates!", "I thank you" (pronounced "Ay-Thang-Yaw"), and "Before your very eyes".

Early life and education 

Askey was born at 29 Moses Street, Dingle, Liverpool, the eldest child and only son of Samuel Askey (d. 1958), secretary of the firm Sugar Products of Liverpool, and his wife, Betsy Bowden (d. 1949), of Knutsford, Cheshire. Six months after his birth the family moved to 90 Rosslyn Street, Liverpool. Askey was educated at St. Michael's Council School (1905–11) and the Liverpool Institute for Boys (1911–16).  He was small in stature at 5' 2" (1.58 m), with a breezy, smiling personality, and wore distinctive horn-rimmed glasses.

Career

He served in the armed forces in World War I and performed in army entertainments. 
After working as a clerk for Liverpool Corporation, Education Department, he was in a touring concert party and the music halls, but he rose to stardom in 1938 through his role in the first regular radio comedy series, Band Waggon on the BBC. 
Band Waggon began as a variety show, but had been unsuccessful until Askey and his partner, Richard Murdoch, took on a larger role in the writing. 
During the broadcasting of Band Wagon they attempted to advertise a scouring powder with the chant of "Askeytoff will take it off" with the result that an announcer came on and shut the show down as advertising was strictly prohibited on the BBC  

Film roles

During the Second World War Askey starred in several Gainsborough Pictures comedy films, including Band Waggon (1940), based on the radio show; Charley's (Big-Hearted) Aunt (1940); The Ghost Train (1941); I Thank You (1941); Back Room Boy (1942);  King Arthur Was a Gentleman (1942); Miss London Ltd. (1943) and Bees in Paradise (1944). His last film was Rosie Dixon - Night Nurse (1978), starring Debbie Ash. 

Television

In the early 1930s Askey appeared on an early form of BBC television — the spinning disc invented by John Logie Baird that scanned vertically and had only thirty lines. Askey had to be heavily made up for his face to be recognisable at such low resolution. When television became electronic, with 405 horizontal lines, Askey was a regular performer in variety shows.

When television returned after World War II, he made the transition well. His first TV series was Before Your Very Eyes! (1952), named after his catchphrase. On 3 May 1956 Askey presented Meet The People, a launch night programme for Granada Television. In 1957 writers Sid Colin and Talbot Rothwell revived the Band Waggon format for Living It Up, a series that reunited Askey and Murdoch after 18 years. He continued to appear frequently on television in the 1970s, notably as a panellist on the ITV talent show New Faces, where his usually sympathetic comments would offset the harsher judgments of fellow judges Tony Hatch and Mickie Most. He also appeared on the comedy panel game Jokers Wild.

During the 1950s and '60s, he appeared in many sitcoms, including Love and Kisses, Arthur's Treasured Volumes and The Arthur Askey Show. He was the subject of This Is Your Life on two occasions, in December 1959 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews, and in December 1974, when Andrews, dressed as Humpty Dumpty, surprised him on a television show while discussing the art of pantomime.

Theatre

He appeared in the popular West End musical Follow the Girls.  He also made many stage appearances as a pantomime dame.

Recordings

His recording career included "The Bee Song", which was an integral part of his stage and television act for many years, "The Thing-Ummy Bob"  and his theme tune, "Big-Hearted Arthur" (which was also his nickname). In 1941 a song he intended to record, "It's Really Nice to See You Mr Hess"The song is alternatively known as "Thanks for Dropping in Mr Hess" (after Hitler's deputy Rudolf Hess fled to Scotland), was banned by the War Office. A collection of Askey's wartime recordings appear on the CD album Band Waggon/Big Hearted Arthur Goes To War.

Private Eye

Private Eye magazine in the 1970s regularly made the comment that he and the Queen Mother had "never been seen in the same room together", referring to the fact that they were about the same age and height and suggesting that the Queen Mother was Askey in drag.

Honours

He was awarded the OBE in 1969 and the CBE in 1981.

Personal life

He was married to Elizabeth May Swash in 1925 until her death in 1974; he was the father of actress Anthea Askey (1933-1999). 

Death

Askey carried on working until just before he was hospitalised in July 1982 due to poor circulation which resulted in gangrene and the amputation of both legs.[http://www.nytimes.com/1982/11/17/obituaries/arthur-askey-comic-of-british-stage-and-tv.html Arthur Askey New York Times Obituary]. Retrieved 20 April 2014 He died in London's St Thomas's Hospital on 16 November 1982 and is buried in Putney Vale Cemetery.

Filmography

Film

Television
Question:
In 1938, Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch starred in which new radio comedy series?
Answer:
Band Waggon
Passage:
Earl of Merioneth
The title Earl of Merioneth was created in the Peerage of the United Kingdom in 1947 along with the Dukedom of Edinburgh and the Barony of Greenwich for Philip Mountbatten, R.N. (formerly Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark), the soon-to-be-husband of Princess Elizabeth (now Queen Elizabeth II).

Merionethshire is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales, a vice county and a former administrative county.
Question:
Who is the Earl of Merioneth
Answer:
HRH Prince Philip
Passage:
The Big Issue
The Big Issue is a street newspaper founded by John Bird and Gordon Roddick in September 1991 and published in four continents. It is written by professional journalists and sold by homeless individuals. The Big Issue is one of the UK's leading social businesses and exists to offer homeless people, or individuals at risk of homelessness, the opportunity to earn a legitimate income, thereby helping them to reintegrate into mainstream society. It is the world's most widely circulated street newspaper.

History

Inspired by Street News, a newspaper sold by homeless people in New York, The Big Issue was founded in 1991 by John Bird and Gordon Roddick as a response to the increasing numbers of homeless people in London;  they have been friends since 1967.  The Body Shop provided start-up capital to the equivalent value of $50,000.  The magazine was initially published monthly; but, in June 1993, The Big Issue went weekly. The venture continued to expand with national editions being established in Scotland and Wales, as well as regional editions for Northern England and England's South West Region. Further editions are also produced in seven locations overseas.

In 1995, The Big Issue Foundation was founded to offer additional support and advice to vendors around issues such as housing, health, personal finance and addiction.

In 2001, the magazine sold nearly 300,000 copies. Between 2007 and 2011, the circulation of The Big Issue declined from 167,000 to less than 125,000. Competition between vendors also increased at this time. In January 2012, the magazine was relaunched, with an increased focus on campaigning and political journalism. New columnists were added, including the Premier League footballer Joey Barton, Rachel Johnson and Samira Ahmed. The cover price was increased. 

Vendors 

To become a vendor, one must be homeless, vulnerably housed or marginalised in some way. The Big Issue recognises, however, that for many people, being housed is only the first stage in getting off the streets; therefore, The Big Issue Foundation exists to support vendors in gaining control of their lives by tackling the various issues which lead to homelessness.

There are five localised editions of the magazine sold throughout the United Kingdom and vendors buy The Big Issue for £1.25  and sell it for £2.50. The magazine is also produced and sold in Australia, Ireland, South Korea, South Africa, Japan, Namibia, Kenya, Malawi and Taiwan. All vendors receive training, sign a code of conduct  and can be identified by badges which include their photo and vendor number.

Migration 

The accession of several Central and Eastern European countries to the European Union in 2004 led to the increased migration to the UK of residents of those countries. When Romania and Bulgaria joined the EU in 2007, the right of their residents (termed "A2 nationals") to work in Britain was limited to the self-employed, highly skilled migrants, and food and agricultural workers.  The Big Issue, whose vendors are classed as self-employed, offers an opportunity for A2 migrants to work in the UK. By 2011, around half of Big Issue sellers in the north of England were of Romani origin, many of whom having migrated from Romania and Bulgaria.  In London, 30% of rough sleepers are Eastern European.  In 2012, a Romanian Big Issue vendor obtained a court ruling which confirmed that she is entitled, as a self-employed person, to receive housing benefit.  The Big Issue has been criticised for enabling migrants to access the benefits system in this way.  The magazine responded by asserting its role in reducing benefit dependency, highlighting British Prime Minister David Cameron's description of it as 'a fantastic example of how we can reduce dependence on state hand-outs'. 

Ethos

The magazine is produced by The Big Issue Company Ltd. The company is a self-sustaining business which generates income through magazine sales and advertising revenues. Financially, The Big Issue is a not-for-profit organisation, with all post-investment profits passed to The Big Issue Foundation (legally a separate entity). The Big Issue Foundation is the registered charity arm of the organisation. It aims to underpin the company's work by tackling the underlying causes of homelessness.

Overseas projects

There are nine Big Issue projects by the same name in other nations.
* The Big Issue Australia (From June 1996) 
* The Big Issue Japan (From November 2003) 
* The Big Issue Kenya (From 2007) 
* The Big Issue Korea (From July 2010) 
* The Big Issue Malawi (From 2009) 
* The Big Issue Namibia  
* The Big Issue The Republic of Ireland  
* The Big Issue South Africa (From December 1996) 
* The Big Issue Taiwan (From April 2010) 
* The Big Issue Zambia (From 2007)  

Criticism

The Big Issue has been the centre of much controversy among publishers of street newspapers, mainly because of its business model.  Publishers of some other street newspapers, especially in the United States, have criticised it for being overly "commercial" and having a flashy design. According to these critics, street newspapers ought to focus on covering political and social issues that affect the homeless, rather than emulating mainstream newspapers to generate a profit.  Publishers of some smaller papers, such as Making Change in Santa Monica, California, said they felt threatened when The Big Issue began to publish in their area. Other papers have also criticised The Big Issue for its professional production and limited participation by homeless individuals in writing and producing the newspaper.  Others, however, have stated that The Big Issue uses a successful business model to generate a profit to benefit the homeless, and its founder John Bird has said that it is "possible to be both profitable and ethically correct."

Awards

*October 2008 -  Ernst & Young Social Entrepreneur of the Year award  
*October 2004 - UN Habitat Scroll of Honour Award
Question:
Who launched The Big Issue' in 1991 to help the homeless?
Answer:
Bird, John
Passage:
Pannier
A pannier is a basket, bag, box, or similar container, carried in pairs either slung over the back of a beast of burden, or attached to the sides of a bicycle or motorcycle. The term derives from a Middle English borrowing of the Old French panier, meaning 'bread basket'. 

Animal panniers

Traditional panniers for animal transport are typically made of canvas, leather, or wicker. Modern panniers may be rectangular boxes of hard-sided plastic. Panniers are loaded in such a manner as to distribute weight evenly on either side of the animal. For horse packing, and when carrying particularly heavy loads on other animals they are supported by a pack saddle to distribute weight more evenly across the back of the animal. In some cases, additional items are placed on the back of the animal, between the panniers.

Bicycle panniers

There are many styles of bicycle panniers. Touring panniers are usually sold in pairs, intended to hold enough equipment for self-sustained tours over days or weeks. The most common setup is to use a pair of smaller panniers (10 to 15 liters each) mounted on a low rider and a pair of larger ones on the rear carrier (20 to 30 liters each).

Commuters who bicycle have pannier options designed to hold laptop computers, files and folders, changes of clothes or shoes and lunches. Since the movement against disposable shopping bags emerged, many panniers are made easily detachable from the bike, to allow using them for shopping bags. Some cyclists create makeshift pannier bags out of grocery bags, grocery baskets, garment-bags, convertible backpacks, and various multi-purpose bags as alternatives to purchasing a commercial pannier.

The first panniers designed specifically for bicycles were patented by John B. Wood of Camden, NJ, in 1884.   The modern bicycle pannier was invented by Hartley Alley (1919-2001) of Boulder, CO, in 1971.   Alley also designed a handlebar bag and other bicycle luggage that he manufactured and sold under the Touring Cyclist brand in the 1970s until his retirement in 1984.

Construction

Bicycle panniers are usually made of nylon or other synthetic fabric which can be stitched, or in the case of waterproof panniers; welded together.

As bicycles are often ridden in the rain, many panniers are built to be water-repellent or waterproof by themselves. Others include built-in rain-covers, or rain-covers are offered as accessories. The shape of the pannier may be enforced by a frame or stiffening panel made of plastic or metal to help keep it in place and prevent it from contacting a wheel.

Panniers are usually built to attach to a rear rack or front rack already fitted to the bicycle. Removable panniers hook onto the top edge of the rack and are often held in place by a latch or elastic mechanism.

Motorcycle panniers

Motorcycle panniers are generally hard box containers with lids, made of metal or hard plastic. The panniers may be permanently fixed to the motorcycle or may be removable. Soft cases may be leather or fabric usually without permanent mountings and are often called saddlebags or 'throwovers'.
Question:
The term pannier (e.g., motorbike side-box) derives from what sort of basket?
Answer:
Somun
Passage:
James Grieve apple
James Grieve is an old variety of apple. It gets its name from its breeder, James Grieve, who raised the apple from pollination of a Pott's Seedling or a Cox's Orange Pippin apple in Edinburgh, Scotland some time before 1893. 

This is a savoury, juicy apple with strong acidity at first, which then mellows as the fruit matures during September, but the flesh softens soon thereafter. When picked early, it makes a sweet and delicate stewed apple, but then can be used as a dessert apple. 
James Grieve apples used to be grown all over Europe and were delivered to the city markets via train or horse-and-cart, but because they bruised easily they had to be carefully packed in laundry-type wicker baskets filled with straw. The fruit cannot sustain modern supermarket handling, and so they are now only grown in gardens and for direct sale to consumers. Nonetheless, James Grieve is considered a good apple because it is exceptionally tasty, it produces fruit every year, it is disease-resistant, and it is a good pollenizer for other apples. It may drop early in warm weather. It is also a good apple for making apple juice.

Descendants

*Reglindis
*Remo
Question:
James Grieve, Blenheim Orange, Irish Peach, and Ashmead's Kernel are traditional varieties of?
Answer:
Apple Blossom
Passage:
Allinson
Allinson is a brand of bread and of flour made by Allied Bakeries being owned by Associated British Foods

History

Dr Thomas Allinson was born in the Hulme district of Manchester in 1858. He trained as a medical doctor in Edinburgh, graduating in 1879. He founded the first Allinson mill in 1892 in Bethnal Green as Dr Allinson's Natural Food Company. It was the first to produce wholemeal/wholegrain flour. His slogan was Health without Medicine. Allinson was viewed as an eccentric because of his advocation of vegetarianism (in particular of wholegrain bread) and opposition to many medical practices of the time. Two more mills were bought in Castleford and Newport in Wales.

The company was joined with six others to form Allied Bakeries by Willard Garfield Weston in 1935.

The company has advertised on TV with Brian Glover declaring it's Bread wi' Nowt Taken Out. It gave the impression that Thomas Allinson would have had a Yorkshire accent, but that would not have been the case.

Production

The company is based in Maidenhead in Berkshire, at the same address as ABF. It only makes wholemeal bread (not brown bread). The brand is worth around £20m. It sells two varieties: Wholemeal and Hi-Bran.

Allinson Flour

Allinson Flour  is a separate company making flour and yeast, owned by The Silver Spoon Company  based in Peterborough.
Question:
Which brand of bread was advertised with the slogan 'Bread with nowt taken out'?
Answer:
ALLINSON'S
Passage:
Member of Congress
A Member of Congress (MC) is a person who has been appointed or elected and inducted into an official body called a congress, typically to represent a particular constituency in a legislature. Member of Parliament (MP) is an equivalent term in other jurisdictions.

United States

In referring to a lawmaker in their capacity of serving in Congress the term Member of Congress is used less often than other terms in the United States. This is because in the United States the word Congress is used as a descriptive term for the collective body of legislators, from both houses of its bicameral federal legislature, the Senate and the House of Representatives. For this reason, and in order to distinguish who is a member of which house, a member of the Senate is typically referred to as Senator (Senator "name" from "state"), and a member of the House of Representatives is usually referred to as Congressman (Congressman "name" from the "number" district of "state"), or Representative (Representative "name" from the "number" district of "state").

Members of Congress in both houses are elected by direct popular vote. Senators are elected via a statewide vote and representatives by voters in each congressional district. Congressional districts are apportioned to the states, once every ten years, based on population figures from the most recent nationwide census. Each of the 435 members of the House of Representatives is elected to serve a two-year term representing the people of his district.  Each state, regardless of its size, has at least one congressman. Each of the 100 members of the Senate is elected to serve a six-year term representing the people of his state. Each state, regardless of its size, has two senators. Senatorial terms are staggered, so every two years approximately one-third of the Senate is up for election. Each staggered group of one-third of the senators is called a 'class'. No state has both its senators in the same class. 

History of the United States Congress

The United States Congress was created in Article I of the Constitution, where the Founding Fathers laid out the limitations and powers of Congress. Article I grants Congress legislative power and lists the enumerated powers and allows Congress to make laws that are necessary and proper to carry out the enumerated powers. It specifies the election and composition of the House of Representatives and Senate and the qualifications necessary to serve in each chamber.

The Seventeenth Amendment changed how senators were elected. Originally, senators were elected by state legislatures. The Seventeenth Amendment changed this to senators being elected directly by popular vote.
Question:
How many members are there in the US lower house, the House of Representatives?
Answer:
435
Passage:
Treaty of Brussels
The Treaty of Brussels was signed on 17 March 1948 between Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, as an expansion to the preceding year's defence pledge, the Dunkirk Treaty signed between Britain and France. As the Treaty of Brussels contained a mutual defence clause, it provided a basis upon which the 1954 Paris Conference established the Western European Union (WEU). It was terminated on 31 March 2010.

Background

The Treaty was intended to provide western Europe with a bulwark against the communist threat and to bring greater collective security. The Pact had cultural and social clauses, and concepts for the setting up of a 'Consultative Council'. The basis for this was that a cooperation between Western nations would help stop the spread of Communism.

In that it was an effort towards European post-war security cooperation, the Brussels Pact was a precursor to NATO and similar to it in the sense that it promised European mutual defence. However, it greatly differed from NATO in that it envisaged a purely European mutual defence pact primarily against Germany, whereas NATO took shape the next year, on the recognition that Europe was unavoidably divided into two opposing blocks (western and communist), that the USSR was a much greater threat than the possibility of a resurgent Germany, and that western European mutual defence would have to be atlanticist (i.e. including North America).

In September 1948, the parties to the Treaty of Brussels decided to create a military agency under the name of the Western Union Defence Organization. It consisted of a WU Defence Committee at Prime Ministerial level, and a WU Combined Chiefs of Staff committee, including all the national chiefs of staff, which would direct the operative organisation. 
Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery (UK) was appointed permanent Chairman of the Land, Naval and Air Commanders-in-Committee, with headquarters in Fontainebleau, France. The nominated commanders-in-chief were General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny (France) as C-in-C, Land Forces, Air Chief Marshal Sir James Robb (UK) as C-in-C, Air Forces, and Vice-Admiral Robert Jaujard (France) for the Navy, as Flag Officer Western Europe.  Volume 3 of Nigel Hamilton's Life of Montgomery of Alamein gives a good account of the disagreements between Montgomery and de Lattre which caused much ill-feeling in the headquarters.

Trying to avoid the need for West German rearmament, a treaty aimed at establishing a European Defence Community was signed by the six ECSC members in May 1952 but failed when it was rejected by the French National Assembly in August 1954. This rejection led to the London and Paris Conferences in September and October, with the conclusion that he Treaty of Brussels was amended by the Protocol signed in Paris on 23 October 1954, which added West Germany and Italy to the Western Union Defence Organization. On this occasion it was renamed the Western European Union.

Signing ceremony

The Treaty was signed by the following plenipotentiaries:
* Prince Charles of Belgium, as the reigning Prince Regent of Belgium
* Vincent Auriol, President of France 
* Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
* Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands
* King George VI of the United Kingdom
* Paul-Henri Spaak, Prime Minister of Belgium
* Georges Bidault, French Minister of Foreign Affairs
* Joseph Bech, Luxembourgish Minister of Foreign Affairs
* Gaston Eyskens, Belgian Minister of Finance
* Carel Godfried Willem Hendrik baron van Boetzelaer van Oosterhout, Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs
* Ernest Bevin, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs of the United Kingdom
* Jean de Hautecloque, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the French Republic in Brussels
* Robert Als, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of Luxembourg in Brussels
* Baron Binnert Philip van Harinxma thoe Slooten, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Netherlands in Brussels
* George William Rendel, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of His Britannic Majesty in Brussels

Reform and abolition

NATO

When the division of Europe into two opposing camps became unavoidable, the threat of the USSR and Eastern Bloc became much more important than the threat of German rearmament.

Western Europe therefore sought a new mutual defence pact involving the United States, a powerful military force for such an alliance. The United States, concerned with containing the influence of the USSR, was responsive to this idea.

There was therefore rapid progress on this idea, and secret meetings had already begun by the end of March, where American, Canadian and British officials negotiated over the concept.  Eventually, it would lead to the formation of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation by the North Atlantic Treaty signed in Washington DC in 1949. The Western Union Defence Organization structure was absorbed into NATO from December 1950 to April 1951.  NATO's Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe took over the WUDO's defence role.

Paris Agreements

In 1954 West Germany and Italy were invited to join the pact, and accordingly the Brussels Treaty was modified. The Western European Union was established.

Lisbon Treaty

In 2009, the Treaty of Lisbon took over the WEU's mutual defence clause. After the discussion the ten member states decided to terminate the Treaty of Brussels on 31 March 2010. The activities of WEU were terminated by June 2011.
Question:
The Treaty of Brussels, the precursor to NATO and a basis for WEU, was signed on 17 March 1948 by Belgium, France, the UK, the Netherlands and which other nation?
Answer:
Luxemborg
Passage:
Minster Way
The Minster Way is a 50 mi walking route between the Minsters of Beverley and York. It crosses the chalk hills of the Yorkshire Wolds, as well as a wide variety of the East Riding of Yorkshire countryside. Part of the route follows the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail across Sylvan Dale before diverting to Millington, Bishop Wilton and Stamford Bridge, where it follows the River Derwent into the Plain of York as far as the River Ouse.

The Minster Way links to other paths, namely the Beverley Twenty; Blackpool to Bridlington (Aerospace Way); Chalkland Way; East Riding Heritage Way; Jorvic Way; Trans Pennine Trail; Wilberforce Way and the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail. 

History

It was established in 1980 by Ray Wallis of the East Yorkshire Area of The Ramblers. The route is waymarked by white symbols depicting a view of an ecclesiastical building representing the two minsters and the words Minster Way. A badge was created by the founder of the walk for hikers to display as proof of completion of the walk. It is similar to the waymarks, except the picture and words are in yellow on a red background. 

Settlements on walk

The route passes through the following towns and villages in order from the start point: 

* Beverley
* Scorborough
* Lockington
* Kilnwick
* Bainton
* North Dalton
* Bishop Wilton
* Millington
* Great Givendale
* Stamford Bridge
* York

Route

Beverley to Lockington

The walk starts at Beverley Minster and heads north through the town and crosses the A164, Hessle to Driffield road, and the A1035 before entering open countryside. It heads towards Molescroft Carr Farm before it heads north over Black Hill to Leaconfield Low Parks and the edge of Leaconfield Airfield. The walk follows the Hull to Scarborough railway line and the Catchwater Drain on the left towards New Arram. The walk continues north and crosses a level crossing and follows the railway to the next level crossing where it crosses back again. The way heads west along the road to Scorborough and the A164 the path turns north-west to Snowclose Plantation before passing Hall Garth and entering Lockington.

Lockington to North Dalton

The walk heads north on the main road past the Post Office and turns towards Kilnwick. After leaving the village, the path curves to the west passes the west side of a small lake called Cawkeld Sinks before running along the northern end of Wedding Wood and passing Kilnwick New Farm. The path leaves the road heading north over farmland before heading west along Oldfield Lane, a green lane, and finally turns north along the B1248 and into Bainton. In the village the route heads west out of Bainton along West End and over open farmland, past Westfield Farm, to North Dalton.

North Dalton to Bishop Wilton

The path heads west out of North Dalton climbing all the time to pass in a northerly direction through Blanch Farm and along the farm road to get to a minor road. The way heads north-west onto the Hawold Bridle Road and west on another green track along Huggate Heads. Near Cobdale farm the path meets the Wolds Way and heads south along it and the two ways climb steeply up onto Cow Moor above Millington Dale before making a steep descent into and out of Sylvan Dale onto the Becks. At Warren Farm the two paths separate and the Minster Way heads west down into Millington via Millington Bottom. The path heads north-westerly out of Millington and climbs again crossing a road and onto the track to Little Givendale Farm passing it on the left before reaching Great Givendale itself. From the village of Great Givendale the walk heads north and west above the West Pasture to Bishop Wilton.

Bishop Wilton to York Minster

The path heads through Bishop Wilton along the main street and heads north on Thorny Lane to Bray Gate and then heads west again to Youlthorpe. The walk passes to the north of the village and on to Full Sutton. The Minster Way follows the road from Full Sutton past the prison and all the way past the historic battlefield site into the centre of Stamford Bridge. It then crosses the bridge and southwards alongside the River Derwent downstream to Kexby.

The walk enters Kexby from the north and exits north after the bridge. The path heads west along the southern edge of Millfield Wood and then through it to emerge at the A1079 at Scoreby Lodge. The path crosses Kexby Stray southward past White Carr Farm, along Rabbit Warren Wood and on to Kexby Stray Farm. The path heads west and then south across Kexby Common over the B1228 to the north of Elvington Airfield. The path then meanders in a north-west direction over Heslington Common to cross over the A64 York Bypass by way of the bridge.

The path heads north to Fulford on the outskirts of York and crosses the A19 and joins a footpath leading towards the river. The walk follows the edge of the flood barrier then onto the bank of the River Ouse into York to meet the Foss Walk at the footbridge over the River Foss. The path heads north to Lendal Bridge where the walk climbs a set of steps and turn east to York city centre and to the Minster.

Image gallery

Sources

* Ordnance Survey Explorer 293 Kingston upon Hull & Beverley
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 295 Bridlington, Driffield & Hornsea
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 294 Market Weighton & Yorkshire Wolds Central
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 290 York
Question:
The Minster Way is a walking path linking York and which town in the East Riding of Yorkshire?
Answer:
Beverley
Passage:
Badjelly the Witch
Badjelly the Witch is a brief handwritten, illustrated story by Spike Milligan, created for his children, then printed in 1973. It was made into an audio and a video version.

In the story, two children Tim and Rose, looking for their lost cow Lucy, meet magical enchanted forest characters. They are captured by Badjelly the witch, then rescued by an eagle. God intervenes as they escape, and the witch is destroyed when she attempts to "scratch God's eye out". The characters enchanted by Badjelly are rescued.

In 1975, in the planning for an audio version for the BBC "infant's programme" Let's Join In, Milligan objected to the planned removal of God from the story. The BBC wrote in a letter that the object is not to put God on the same level as goblins, to which Milligan replied that goblins, fairies and God all exist. However, he allowed God to be removed. 

In 1974 Ed Welch set Badjelly the Witch to music and the LP was released on Polydor Records. Milligan narrated it with a large orchestra, and the LP was a reasonable success. In New Zealand, where it was regularly played on morning radio, it was a huge success and has sold over 40000 recordings up to 2012.

Film

CBBC and Ragdoll Productions had collaborated on a film based on this novel in December 2000. Spike Milligan, the book's writer, narrated the movie.

Theatre

In 2010 and 2016 Tim Bray Productions presented its version of 'Badjelly the Witch' on stage at The PumpHouse Theatre, Takapuna, Auckland, New Zealand. Tim Bray adapted and directed the book into a stage play and included The Goons' 'Ying Tong' song along with Monty Pythonesque comedy. The script is available through Playmarket, New Zealand's script agency. Both seasons were hugely successful. 

In 2010/11, there was a production created by the Chickenshed Theatre Company called Badjelly's Bad Christmas, with Badjelly the Witch, along with many other characters created by Milligan such as Sir Nobonk and King Twytt, as the main characters.

The show was performed for a season during 2006 for the New Theatre, Sydney. The show was directed by Rosane McNamara, and featured actors Vanessa Caswill, Jodine Muir, David Walker and Richie Black.
Question:
"Who wrote ""Badjelly The Witch"", ""A Little Pot Boiler"" and ""Small Dreams Of A Scorpion""?"
Answer:
Spike Milligan
Passage:
Victory in Europe Day
Victory in Europe Day, generally known as V-E Day, VE Day or simply V Day was the public holiday celebrated on 8 May 1945 (7 May in Commonwealth realms) to mark the formal acceptance by the Allies of World War II of Nazi Germany's unconditional surrender of its armed forces.  It thus marked the end of World War II in Europe.

The term VE Day existed as early as September 1944,  in anticipation of victory.  On 30 April 1945, Adolf Hitler, the Nazi leader, committed suicide during the Battle of Berlin. Germany's surrender, therefore, was authorised by his successor, Reichspräsident Karl Dönitz. The administration headed by Dönitz was known as the Flensburg Government. The act of military surrender was signed on 7 May in Reims, France and on 8 May in Berlin, Germany.

The former Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc countries have historically celebrated the end of World War II on 9 May. However, the Baltic countries now commemorate VE day on 8 May.  In Ukraine from 2015, 8 May was designated as a day of Remembrance and Reconciliation, but it is not a public holiday. 

Celebrations 

Upon the defeat of Germany, celebrations erupted throughout the world. From Moscow to Los Angeles, people celebrated.
In the United Kingdom, more than one million people celebrated in the streets to mark the end of the European part of the war. In London, crowds massed in Trafalgar Square and up the Mall to Buckingham Palace, where King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, accompanied by Prime Minister Winston Churchill, appeared on the balcony of the palace before the cheering crowds. Princess Elizabeth (the future Queen Elizabeth II) and her sister Princess Margaret were allowed to wander incognito among the crowds and take part in the celebrations. 

In the United States, the victory happened on President Harry Truman's 61st birthday. He dedicated the victory to the memory of his predecessor, Franklin D. Roosevelt, who had died of a cerebral hemorrhage less than a month earlier, on 12 April.  Flags remained at half-staff for the remainder of the 30-day mourning period.   Truman said of dedicating the victory to Roosevelt's memory and keeping the flags at half-staff that his only wish was "that Franklin D. Roosevelt had lived to witness this day." Later that day, Truman said that the victory made it his most enjoyable birthday. 

Massive celebrations also took place in Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami and especially in New York's Times Square. 

Soviet Victory Day 

As the Soviet representative in Reims had no authority to sign the German instrument of surrender, the Soviet leadership proposed to consider Reims surrender as a "preliminary" act. The surrender ceremony was repeated in Berlin on 8 May, where the instrument of surrender was signed by supreme German military commander Wilhelm Keitel, by Georgy Zhukov and Allied representatives. Since the Soviet Union was to the east of Germany, it was 9 May Moscow time when the German military surrender became effective, which is why Russia and most of the former Soviet republics commemorate Victory Day on 9 May instead of 8 May.

Commemorative public holidays 

(May 8 unless otherwise stated)
* Italy (25 April) "Festa della Liberazione" (Liberation Holiday).
* Denmark (5 May) as "Befrielsen" (The Liberation)
* Netherlands (5 May) as "Bevrijdingsdag" (Liberation Day)
* United Kingdom: In 1995 the May Day bank holiday was moved from the first Monday in May, 1 May, to Monday 8 May, for that year only, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the ending of the Second World War.
*East Germany as Tag der Befreiung (Day of Liberation), a public holiday from 1950 to 1966 and in 1985. Between 1975 and 1990, as Tag des Sieges (Victory Day (9 May)).
* France as Victoire 1945
* Slovakia as Deň víťazstva nad fašizmom (Victory over Fascism Day) 
* Czech Republic as Den vítězství (Day of Victory) or Den osvobození (Day of Liberation)
* Poland as "Narodowy Dzień Zwycięstwa" – National Victory Day.
* Norway as "Frigjøringsdagen" (Liberation Day)
* Ukraine (8 May) "День пам'яті та примирення" (Memorial Day)  
* Ukraine (9 May) "День перемоги над нацизмом у Другій світовій війні" (Victory Day over Nazism in World War II) — from 2015. 
* Georgia (9 May) "ფაშიზმზე გამარჯვების დღე" (Victory over Fascism Day)
* Belarus (9 May) "Дзень Перамогі" (Victory Day)
* Russia (9 May) "День Победы" (Victory Day)
* Ex-Yugoslavia (9 May) "Дан победе", "Dan zmage" (Victory Day)
* Serbia (9 May) "Дан победе" (Victory Day)
* Kazakhstan (9 May) as "Жеңіс күні" or "День победы" (Victory Day) 
* British Channel Islands Liberation Days: Jersey and Guernsey (9 May), Sark (10 May).
Question:
What is the date of VE Day?
Answer:
May 8th
Passage:
Nicholas Lyndhurst
Nicholas Simon Lyndhurst (born 20 April 1961) is an English actor. He is known for playing Rodney Trotter in Only Fools and Horses, Gary Sparrow in Goodnight Sweetheart, Dan Griffin in the BBC drama New Tricks and Adam Parkinson in Carla Lane's series Butterflies. Lyndhurst also prominently starred as Ashley Philips in The Two of Us, as Fletch's son Raymond in Going Straight, the sequel to the classic British sitcom Porridge, Jimmy Venables in After You've Gone, and Freddie 'The Frog' Robdal in the Only Fools and Horses prequel Rock & Chips.

Early life

Lyndhurst was born and grew up in Emsworth, Hampshire.

Career

Nicholas Simon Lyndhurst, born on 20 April 1961, was a child student at Corona Theatre School. He appeared in a succession of television adverts and children's films in the late 1970s. Lyndhurst first gained national recognition at the age of seventeen in the sitcom Butterflies written by Carla Lane, in which he played Adam Parkinson. He then played Raymond Fletcher, the teenage son of Norman Stanley Fletcher played by Ronnie Barker in Going Straight, he played 'Dobson' in the BBC TV Series To Serve Them All My Days,  before achieving national stardom in the series Only Fools and Horses in which he played Rodney Trotter, the younger brother of the main character Derek "Del Boy" Trotter.

Only Fools and Horses started as a small comedy in 1981 and rapidly grew in popularity until it reached its peak in 1996 with its Christmas Day show in the UK. Lyndhurst appeared in the show from the very start, right up to its final airing at Christmas 2003. Only Fools and Horses reached No.1 British sitcom ever in the BBC poll in 2004.

During the 1990s, Lyndhurst also appeared in ITV's The Two of Us with Janet Dibley and The Piglet Files, as well as in a number of stage performances.

Between 1993 and 1999, he played the complex lead character of Gary Sparrow in the fantasy sitcom Goodnight Sweetheart. At around the same time, he was the face and voice on the TV and radio commercials for the telecommunications chain People's Phone. In 1997, he was offered the lead role of Gary in The Full Monty, but declined.

Between 1997 and 1999, Lyndhurst was the public face of the stationery chain store WH Smith, starring in their adverts as all four members of one family. He won a BAFTA for his acting in the adverts. In 1999, he played the villainous Uriah Heep opposite Daniel Radcliffe and Maggie Smith in David Copperfield.

In 2006, he appeared as Cruella de Vil's chauffeur, Reg Farnsworth, at the Children's Party at the Palace.

In 2007, Lyndhurst returned to the BBC with his first new sitcom in fourteen years, After You've Gone, in which he plays a divorced dad moving back into the marital home to look after his daughter (Dani Harmer) and son (Ryan Sampson) together with his mother-in-law, played by Celia Imrie, after his ex-wife goes to work as a recovery nurse on a third world disaster relief mission.

Lyndhurst played Freddie Robdal, the 1960s gangster father of Rodney Trotter, in Rock & Chips, the prequel to Only Fools and Horses. The show centres around Del Boy, Robdal and Joan Trotter in early 1960s Peckham. It was first broadcast on 24 January 2010, with another special transmitted on 29 December 2010, and the final episode at Easter 2011.
Lyndhurst's stage performances have been relatively few, but he received good critical notices for his performance as Norman in Sir Ronald Harwood's The Dresser, directed by Peter Hall, and for his Trinculo in The Tempest.

In 2013, he joined the cast as a regular of Series 10 of New Tricks. 

In 2014, Lyndhurst revived his Only Fools and Horses character Rodney Trotter in a return Sport Relief Special which aired on 21 March 2014.

In 2016, Lyndhurst will revive his Goodnight Sweetheart character Gary Sparrow in a one-off special episode, which is due to air in Autumn 2016. 

Personal life

He lives in West Sussex with his wife Lucy, a former ballet dancer (married in Chichester, West Sussex, 1999). They have a son, Archie.[http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/profiles/nicholas-lyndhurst-i-wanted-to-be-an-actor-from-the-age-of-eight-2343063.html Nicholas Lyndhurst: 'I wanted to be an actor from the age of eight' - Profiles - People - The Independent] Lyndhurst's hobbies include underwater diving and piloting his own aeroplanes and beekeeping. Nicholas has been a member of the British Beekeepers Association since 1994 and still keeps bees at his Sussex home.[http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/entertainment/news/lyndhurst-i-said-no-to-diving-show-29542260.html Lyndhurst: I said no to diving show - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk]

Filmography

Television

Film

*Bequest to the Nation
*Bullshot
*Endless Nights
*Gunbus
*Lassie
Question:
"Which time travelling character did Nicholas Lyndhurst portray in the sitcom ""Goodnight Sweetheart"""
Answer:
Phoebe Sparrow
Passage:
Wilfred Baddeley
Wilfred Baddeley (11 January 1872, Bromley, England – 24 January 1929, Menton, France) was a former World No. 1 British male tennis player and the elder of the Baddeley twins. His brother Herbert died on 20 July 1931 in Cannes, France.

Career 

Wilfred, the better-known competitor, made his debut at Wimbledon in 1889 and he went on to win singles title three times in 1891, 1892 and 1895. His 6–4, 1–6, 7–5, 6–0 win over Joshua Pim in 1891 at the age of 19 years and five months made him, until Boris Becker in 1985, the youngest men's singles champion at Wimbledon.  He was also runner-up in 1893, 1894 and 1896. With Herbert, he won four doubles championships at Wimbledon in 1891, 1894 – 1896. The twins retired from competitive lawn tennis after the 1897 Wimbledon Championships to pursue their law careers but made a reappearance in the doubles event at Wimbledon in 1904 and 1905. In total he participated in eight Wimbledon singles tournaments and eleven doubles tournaments between 1889 and 1905. 

Baddeley was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2013. 

Professional life 

In February 1895 the brothers qualified in London as solicitors. They joined their uncle and father Thomas and E. P. Baddeley in Leadenhall Street at the family firm, founded by their great grandfather in 1790. The brothers remained partners in the firm until 1919, when they retired leaving their cousin, Cyril Baddeley, to carry on in the family name.

Grand Slam finals 

Singles

;Wins (3)

;Runners-up (3)

Doubles 

;Wins (4)

;Runners-up (2);
Question:
"""The early days of which sport featured the Renshaw twins, the Baddeley twins and the Doherty brothers?"
Answer:
Lawn tennis
Passage:
Thelwall Viaduct
The Thelwall Viaduct () is a steel composite girder viaduct in Lymm, Warrington, England. It carries the M6 motorway across the Manchester Ship Canal and the River Mersey. Its location on the motorway network is between junctions 20 and 21 of the M6, the former being also known as junction 9 of the M56.

It actually comprises two entirely separate bridges, one of 4,414 feet long carrying the northbound carriageway, which was the longest motorway bridge in England when it was opened in July 1963, and one 4,500 feet long carrying the southbound carriageway which was opened in 1995.  The longest single span is the one of 336 feet crossing the ship canal.

In July 2002 a failed roller bearing was discovered and it became necessary to close all but one northbound lane. As the M6 at the time carried an estimated 150,000–160,000 vehicles per day, this led to serious congestion.  The viaduct was not completely reopened to daytime traffic until February 2005, and subsequently remained partially closed at night for further remedial work to take place.  In all, 148 bearings were replaced, with the repair scheme costing around £52 million.

Given the bridge's height and openness to the elements it has frequently been the subject of speed reductions due to strong gusts of wind that badly affect the stability of high-sided vehicles. On several occasions lane closures have resulted as a consequence of articulated vehicles simply being blown over. However, the open sides of the bridge are a deliberate design feature to reduce the likelihood of snow drifts building on the carriageways.

In April 2011 a massive Freeparty took place under the bridge, with reportedly over 5,000 ravers in attendance. 

1971 Accident

At approximately 8am on 13 September 1971 thick fog led to a catastrophic multiple vehicle crash on the viaduct. More than 200 cars, trucks and tankers piled up, five vehicles burst into flames, 10 people were killed and 70 injured. It was the worst accident ever recorded on British roads at that time.
Question:
On which motorway is the Thelwall Viaduct?
Answer:
M 6
Passage:
The Divine Miss M
The Divine Miss M is the debut studio album by American singer and actress Bette Midler, released in 1972 on the Atlantic Records label. The title of the album refers to Midler's famous stage persona.

The album was co-produced by Barry Manilow, and includes several songs that since have become repertoire standards, such as "Do You Want to Dance?", "Chapel of Love", "Hello In There", "Friends" and "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy".

The Divine Miss M reached the Top Ten on Billboards album chart and was later awarded a Platinum Disc by the RIAA. In 1973, the album won Midler a Grammy Award for Best New Artist. "Do You Want to Dance?", "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" and "Friends" were all Top 40 hit singles from the album, with "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" climbing to #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 and reaching #1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart.

The album was released on CD for the first time in 1990. A remastered version of the album was released by Atlantic Records/Warner Music in 1995.

Track listing

Side A

# "Do You Want to Dance?" (Bobby Freeman) - 2:44
# "Chapel of Love" (Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich, Phil Spector) - 2:55
# "Superstar" (Bonnie Bramlett, Leon Russell) - 5:11
# "Daytime Hustler" (Jeff Kent) - 3:34
# "Am I Blue?" (Harry Akst, Grant Clarke) - 5:25

Side B

# "Friends" (Mark Klingman, Buzzy Linhart) - 2:50
# "Hello In There" (John Prine) - 4:17
# "Leader of the Pack" (Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich, George Morton) - 3:30
# "Delta Dawn" (Larry Collins, Alex Harvey)  - 5:18
# "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy" (Don Raye, Hughie Prince) - 2:25
# "Friends" (Reprise) (Mark Klingman, Buzzy Linhart) - 2:54

Personnel

* Bette Midler - lead vocals
* Cissy Houston - backing vocals, track: A1
* Tender Loving Care (Renelle Broxton, Diedre Tuck, Beverly McKenzie) - backing vocals, track: A1
* Gail Kantor - backing vocals, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Melissa Manchester - backing vocals, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Merle Miller - backing vocals, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Barry Manilow - piano & rhythm track
* Pat Rebillot - piano, track B1
* Dickie Frank - guitar
* David Spinozza - guitars
* Ron Carter - bass guitar
* Michael Federal - bass guitar, backing vocals track B4
* Ray Lucas - drums
* Kevin Ellman - drums
* Ralph MacDonald - percussion instruments
* Thom Bell - horn and string arrangement, track A1
* Gene Orloff - violin, track B1
* Emanuel Green - violin, track B1
* Selwart Clarke - viola, track B1
* Kermit Moore - cello, track B1
* William S. Fischer - string arrangement, track B1
* Don Arnone - guitar, track B5
* Dick Hyman - piano, track B5
* Milton Hinton - bass, track B5
* Ted Sommer - drums, track B5
* Marty Nelson - vocal arranger, track B5
* Arif Mardin - arrangement, track B5

Production

* Ahmet Ertegün - producer, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Barry Manilow - producer, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Geoffrey Haslam - producer, tracks: A2 to A4, B3, B4, B6
* Joel Dorn - producer, tracks: A1, A5, B1, B2, B5
* Lew Hahn - recording engineer
* Barry Manilow - musical arranger, musical conductor
* Richard Amsel - cover illustration
* Richard Mantel - cover art direction & design
* Kenn Duncan - backliner photo
* Remixed by: Geoffrey Haslam, Lew Hahn, Bob Liftin
* Remixed at Regent Sound Studios and Atlantic Studios
* Recorded at Atlantic Recording Studios, New York.
Question:
Which singer and actress is known as The Divine Miss M?
Answer:
Bette midler filmography and television work
Passage:
Islands (regional unit)
Islands () is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the region of Attica. The regional unit covers the Saronic Islands, a small part of the Peloponnese peninsula, and a few islands off the eastern Peloponnese coast. 

Administration

As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Islands was created out of part of the former Piraeus Prefecture. It is subdivided into 8 municipalities. These are (number as in the map in the infobox):

*Aegina (Aigina, 3)
*Agistri (Agkistri, 2)
*Cythera (Kythira, 6)
*Hydra (Ydra, 13)
*Poros (9)
*Salamis (Salamina, 10)
*Spetses (11)
*Troizinia-Methana (12)
Question:
Which country occupies the islands called Euboea, Kefalonia, Khos, Zakynthos, Thassos, Lefkada, Karpathos and Kythira?
Answer:
Yunanistan
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
What reddish-brown bean-shaped organs lies in the abdomen just under the diaphragm, one on each side of the backbone?
Answer:
Human kidney
Passage:
News - Australian Polo Federation
News
News
World Polo Championships Media Release 2017 Dates
23 May 2016
XI FIP WORLD POLO CHAMPIONSHIP
Sydney, Australia
17-30 October 2017
FIP are pleased to announce the dates for the 11th FIP World Polo Championship, to be held next year in Sydney, Australia.
The Federation of International Polo, together with organiser and host venue Sydney Polo Club and their strategic partner, the NSW Government’s tourism and major events agency Destination NSW, today confirmed that the 2017 tournament will take place from Tuesday 17th October to Monday 30th October 2017.
Six days of world-class polo will commence on Saturday 21st October, with the final to take place on Sunday 29th October.
Eight international teams will compete in Sydney for the World Champion title, including a team from host nation Australia, and the current World Champions Chile.
Further information will be announced in the near future.
For further information please contact:
Alex Taylor, CEO
World Cup Polo Pty Ltd
Tel: +61 477 775 592
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
11 December 2015
Our congratulations go to Peter and Rebecca Higgins of Sydney Polo Club for their successful bid to host the 2017 XI FIP Polo World Cup. Their professional & heartfelt presentation won the hearts and votes of the members at the FIP General Assembly in Buenos Aires yesterday.
Congratulations to Sydney Polo Club and we are sure they will do a great job.
Destination NSW Press Release
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The APF is proud to announce that Sydney Polo Club will bid to host the 2018 Finals of the World Cup Polo.
Peter and Rebecca Higgins of Sydney Polo Club will fly to Argentina this month along with APF Director Ian McDuie to make their presentation to FIP (Federation of International Polo).
The APF would be thrilled to see Sydney Polo Club and Peter and Rebecca Higgins achieve their goals to win the bid, put on the best FIP finals and for Australia to win the competition. 
Latest News
Question:
Who will be the defending champions in the FIP World Polo Championships in 2015?
Answer:
Arxintina
Passage:
Language game
A language game (also called secret language or ludling or argot) is a system of manipulating spoken words to render them incomprehensible to the untrained ear. Language games are used primarily by groups attempting to conceal their conversations from others. Some common examples are Pig Latin; the Gibberish family, prevalent in the United States and Sweden; and Verlan, spoken in France.

A common difficulty with language games is that they are usually passed down orally.
While written translations can be made, they are often imperfect, and thus spelling can vary widely.
Some factions argue that words in these spoken tongues should simply be written the way they are pronounced, while others insist that the purity of language demands that the transformation remain visible when the words are imparted to paper.

Use

Language games are primarily used by children to disguise their speech from others, which in most cases are parental figures. Some language games such as Pig Latin are so widely known that privacy is virtually impossible, as most people have a passable understanding of how it works and the words can sound very similar to their English counterpart. Although language games are not usually used in everyday conversation, some words from language games have made their way into normal speech, such as ilchay in English (from Pig Latin), and loufoque in French (from Louchébem).

Classification

One way in which language games could be organized is by language, for example, Pig Latin, Ubbi Dubbi, and Tutnese could all be in the "English" category, and Jeringonza could be in the "Spanish" category.

An alternate method of classifying language games is by their function. For example, Ubbi Dubbi, Bicycle, and :sv:Allspråket all work by inserting a code syllable before the vowel in each syllable. Therefore, these could be classified in the Gibberish family. Also, Double Talk, Língua do Pê, Jeringonza, and B-Sprache all work by adding a consonant after the vowel in each syllable, and then repeating the vowel. Thus, these could be classified in the Double Talk family. Another common type of language game is the spoonerism, in which the onsets of two words are exchanged. Using a standard word for each transformation gives another type, for example, the Finnish "kontinkieli", where kontti is added after each word, and spoonerism applied (kondäntti koonerismspontti koppliedäntti).

List of common language games
Question:
In what language game, common among children, is the first consonant cluster moved to the end of the word and followed by an ay?
Answer:
IgPay atinLay
Passage:
Chelsea Headhunters
The Chelsea Headhunters were an English football hooligan firm linked to the London football club Chelsea. 

Background

There was widespread racism amongst the gang and links to various white supremacist organisations, such as Combat 18 and the National Front. The gang also became affiliated with Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary organisations, such as the Ulster Defence Association and Ulster Volunteer Force.

They were infiltrated by investigative reporter Donal MacIntyre for a documentary screened on the BBC on 9 November 1999, in which MacIntyre posed as a wannabe-member of the Chelsea Headhunters. He had a Chelsea tattoo applied to himself for authenticity, although the hardcore were surprised he chose the hated "Millwall lion" badge rather than the 1960s Chelsea erect lion one. He confirmed the racism in the Headhunters and their links to Combat 18, including one top-ranking member who had been imprisoned on one occasion for possession of material related to the Ku Klux Klan.  The programme led to arrests and several convictions. One member of the Headhunters, Jason Marriner who was convicted and sent to prison as a result of the show, has since written a book, "Stitch-Up For a Blue Sole", claiming to have been set up by MacIntyre and the BBC. He claims that footage was manipulated, 'incidents' were manufactured and they were convicted despite having no footage of them committing crimes. 

Nick Love's film The Football Factory presented the Headhunters in a fictionalized account.  The film focuses mainly on the firm's violent rivalry with the Millwall Bushwackers. Jason Marriner was the subject of a DVD release 'Jason Marriner - Football Hooligan' directed by Liam Galvin (Gangster Toy Videos).

Kevin Whitton, a high-profile member of the firm, was sentenced to life imprisonment on 8 November 1985 for violent assault after being found guilty of involvement in an attack on a pub on Kings Road. After Chelsea lost a match, Whitton and other hooligans stormed into the pub, chanting "War! War! War!". When they left a few minutes later, with one of them shouting, "You bloody Americans! Coming here taking our jobs", the bar's American manager, 29-year-old Neil Hansen, was lying on the floor, close to death.  Whitton's sentence was cut to three years on appeal on 19 May 1986.  The fan responsible for the actual assault, Wandsworth man Terence Matthews (aged 25 at the time), was arrested shortly after Whitton's conviction and remanded in custody to await trial. He was found guilty of taking part in the violence on 13 October 1986 and sentenced to four years in prison.  Matthews came to the public attention again in June 2002 when he and his 21-year-old son William received two-year prison sentences after they and another man were convicted of assaulting two police officers in Morden, Surrey. 

A more recent incident involving the Headhunters occurred on 13 February 2010, when members of the firm clashed with the Cardiff City Soul Crew at the FA Cup fifth-round tie at Stamford Bridge. On 25 March 2011, 24 people were convicted of taking part in the violence, which resulted in several people being injured (including a police officer whose jaw was broken) at Isleworth Crown Court. All of those convicted received banning orders from all football grounds in England and Wales ranging from three years to eight years. Eighteen of them received prison sentences of up to two years. 

Headhunters were involved in disturbances in Paris before a UEFA Champions League quarter final between Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea on 2 April 2014. Around 300 hooligans were involved in pre-planned violence around the city, with hardcore hooligans having avoided police detection by entering France via Belgium.  

Allies 

In 2000, Chelsea Headhunters formed a temporary alliance with other British hooligans supporting Linfield F.C., Cardiff City, Swansea City and Leeds United led by Arsenal's firm, The Herd, to attack Galatasaray fans in Copenhagen and Heysel Stadium as part of revenge for the 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final stabbing of two Leeds United fans by a Galatasaray fan. Other allies were supporters of Lazio and Hellas Verona.  Chelsea Headhunters 'top boy' ('top' indicating his position within the hierarchy of the hooligan gang) Jason Marriner also appears on a photo alongside Linfield hooligan Randy Ollins in Blaney's autobiography The Undesirables with a caption by Blaney commending the Headhunters on being one of the top firms, indicating a mutual respect between the Headhunters and Manchester United's Inter City Jibbers firm.
Question:
'The Headhunters' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?
Answer:
Chelsy
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
Which organ of the human body is affected by Hepatitis?
Answer:
Impressio duodenalis
Passage:
Tokophobia – Symptoms and Facts of Tokophobia – Treatment ...
Tokophobia – Symptoms and Facts of Tokophobia – Treatment of Tokophobia
Training & Degrees
Tokophobia
Tokophobia is an extreme and uncontrollable fear of childbirth or pregnancy. While pregnancy is expected to be a time when women experience long bouts of anxiety , when they develop a fear of childbirth so intense that it disrupts their ability to lead normal lives or have a normal birth, they very likely have tokophobia.
Symptoms of Tokophobia
If left untreated, tokophobia can only become more intense and damaging. Not only can this disorder lead to an elective termination of some pregnancies because of fear, but the psychological stress attendant with the disorder can often be damaging to a pregnancy even if the woman does not elect to terminate it. Furthermore, tokophobia may only be a byproduct of other emotional and behavioral disorders such as clinical depression. Some of the more apparent indicators of tokophobia include:
Feelings of dread or panic when the idea of childbirth or pregnancy arises
Refusing to go through with childbirth unless elective Caesarean section can be guaranteed
An intense increase in anxiety or depression while pregnant
Expressing a strong desire to have children while also refusing to become pregnant
Previous terminations of apparently healthy pregnancies
Intense fear that childbirth will result in maternal death , stillbirth, miscarriage or birth defects
Common Facts About Tokophobia
Women who have this disorder will likely refuse going through childbirth without some kind of sedative and they will often be very adamant about wanting a Caesarean section. Still, other women will avoid becoming pregnant altogether, despite their strong desire to have children. These women will often have very stringent contraceptive strategies, using several methods at once. In tokophobic women who went through normal pregnancies, as well as those who had Caesarean sections, some suffered further problems after childbirth such as postnatal depression and delayed bonding with their infants.
Like all phobias, no universal and specific cause exists to explain tokophobia. Rather, there are various unique factors and experiences that contribute to such a disorder. Some of these issues could include a previous traumatic childbirth experience, an intense fear of pain, or even childhood sexual abuse or rape.
Treatment of Tokophobia
It is important for someone who may have tokophobia to seek support from people who genuinely care, including an obstetrician who can work closely and cooperatively with a psychiatrist in order to ensure that the mother, the pregnancy, the infant and the postpartum relationship between the mother and child are healthy. As with any psychological disorder, the initial reasons for the development of the phobia should be addressed by a mental health professional. While much of the fear may stem from the physical pain of a previous birth or other traumatic event, a psychiatrist or psychologist should be able to refer sufferers of tokophobia to doctors that can help moderate the pain of pregnancy or childbirth if that is the best route of treatment to take. There may be some antidepressants available for pregnant women as well.
Tokophobia is definitely not a factor that should hinder a woman’s desire to go through childbirth and have a family. More often than not, this phobia is rooted in irrational fears based on traumatic events that a woman can very likely overcome. If you are seeking help with tokophobia, please seek the support of loved ones and your doctor. There are plenty of people willing to help with not only the symptoms of the disorder, but also the psychological difficulties attendant with it. If you believe your fears of pregnancy and childbirth are irrational, consider the pros and cons with those that know you best. If you think you need help deciding, you may want to ask your doctor.
View Resources
Question:
Tokophobia is fear of what?
Answer:
Pregnancy or Childbirth
