Passage:
St Leger Stakes
|}

The St Leger Stakes (spelt without a full stop in UK English) is a Group 1 flat horse race in Great Britain open to three-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies. It is run at Doncaster over a distance of 1-mile, 6 furlongs and 132 yards (2,937 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in September.

Established in 1776, the St Leger is the oldest of Britain's five Classics. It is the last of the five to be run each year, and its distance is longer than any of the other four.

The St Leger is the final leg of the English Triple Crown, which begins with the 2000 Guineas and continues with the Derby. It also completes the Fillies' Triple Crown, following on from the 1000 Guineas and the Oaks. The St Leger has rarely featured Triple Crown contenders in recent decades, with the only one in recent years being the 2012 2,000 Guineas and Derby winner Camelot, who finished second in the St Leger.

History

Early years

The event was devised by Anthony St Leger, an army officer and politician who lived near Doncaster. It was initially referred to as "A Sweepstake of 25 Guineas", and its original distance was two miles. The rules stipulated that colts and geldings were to carry 8 st, and fillies would receive an allowance of 2 lb.

The inaugural running was held at Cantley Common on 24 September 1776. The first winner was an unnamed filly owned by the event's organiser, the 2nd Marquess of Rockingham. The filly was later named Allabaculia.

The title St Leger Stakes was decided at a dinner party held in 1777 to discuss the following year's race. It was suggested that it should be called the Rockingham Stakes in honour of the host, the Marquess of Rockingham, but the Marquess proposed that it should be named instead after Anthony St Leger. The event was moved to its present location, Town Moor, in 1778. 

The race came to national prominence in 1800, when a horse called Champion registered the first Derby-St Leger double. Its length was cut to 1 mile, 6 furlongs and 193 yards in 1813, and despite some minor alterations has remained much the same ever since. The victory of West Australian in 1853 completed the first success in the Triple Crown.

Post-1900

The St Leger Stakes was closed to geldings in 1906. It was transferred to Newmarket during World War I, and the substitute event was called the September Stakes. It was cancelled in 1939 because of the outbreak of World War II, and the following year's edition was held at Thirsk in November. For the remainder of this period it was staged at Manchester (1941), Newmarket (1942–44) and York (1945).

The race was switched to Ayr in 1989 after the scheduled running at Doncaster was abandoned due to subsidence. The 2006 race took place at York because its regular venue was closed for redevelopment.

The St Leger Stakes has inspired a number of similar events around the world, although many are no longer restricted to three-year-olds. European variations include the Irish St Leger, the Prix Royal-Oak, the Deutsches St Leger and the St Leger Italiano. Other national equivalents include the Kikuka Shō, the New Zealand St Leger and the VRC St Leger.

Records

Leading jockey (9 wins):
* Bill Scott – Jack Spigot (1821), Memnon (1825), The Colonel (1828), Rowton (1829), Don John (1838), Charles the Twelfth (1839), Launcelot (1840), Satirist (1841), Sir Tatton Sykes (1846)

Leading trainer (16 wins):
* John Scott – Matilda (1827), The Colonel (1828), Rowton (1829), Margrave (1832), Touchstone (1834), Don John (1838), Charles the Twelfth (1839), Launcelot (1840), Satirist (1841), The Baron (1845), Newminster (1851), West Australian (1853), Warlock (1856), Imperieuse (1857), Gamester (1859), The Marquis (1862)

Leading owner (7 wins):
* Archibald Hamilton, 9th Duke of Hamilton – Paragon (1786), Spadille (1787), Young Flora (1788), Tartar (1792), Petronius (1808), Ashton (1809), William (1814)
* Fastest winning time (at Doncaster) – Masked Marvel (2011), 3m 00.44s
* Widest winning margin – Never Say Die (1954), 12 lengths
* Longest odds winner – Theodore (1822), 200/1
* Shortest odds winner – Galtee More (1897), 1/10
* Most runners – 30, in 1825
* Fewest runners – 3, in 1917

Winners

 The 1789 race was awarded to Pewett after the first-placed Zanga was disqualified for jostling.

 The 1839 outcome was a dead-heat, but Charles the Twelfth beat Euclid in a run-off.

 The 1850 race finished as a dead-heat, but Voltigeur defeated Russborough in a run-off.

 The 1989 running took place at Ayr over 1-mile, 6 furlongs and 127 yards.

 The 2006 edition was contested at York over 1-mile, 5 furlongs and 197 yards.

 The 2015 race was initially awarded to Bondi Beach after the first-placed Simple Verse was disqualified, but the decision was reversed on 23 September 2015 after an appeal by Simple Verse's connections.

In popular culture

As the last of the classics, the race marks the end of summer in England.   The popular adage "sell in May and go away, come back on St Leger Day" suggests investors should sell their shares in May and buy again after the race.
Question:
In horse racing, during which month is the St. Leger run?
Answer:
Setember
Passage:
St. Nicholas Center ::: St. Nicholas Symbols
St. Nicholas Center ::: St. Nicholas Symbols
St. Nicholas Symbols
in Haarlem, NL!
St. Nicholas Symbols
A number of symbols help us recognize St. Nicholas. They developed from his most popular stories and customs.
Crozier
A hooked staff carried by a bishop; represents a shepherd's staff as the bishop is to be the shepherd of the people, as Jesus is the Good Shepherd. Again, a crozier is a general symbol for bishops, but unique to Nicholas among gift-givers. (also crosier)
Three Gold Balls
Represent the gold given to provide dowries for the impoverished maidens. Nicholas' gold balls became the pawnbroker's symbol. Sometimes oranges or apples are used to represent the gold.
Gold Coins
Another way of representing the gold given as dowries.
Money Bags
Usually three, but sometimes one, represent the gold thrown into the house to provide dowry money.
Three Maidens
The three young women who received the gold dowry money.
Children In Tub
Show Nicholas as the protector of children, from the story rescuing young children or students from the evil butcher or innkeeper. Usually three children are in the tub, but sometimes only two are present.
Children
Often shown with St. Nicholas because he is their patron saint .
Ship
Symbolizes the close association St. Nicholas has with sailors, ships, and the sea.
Anchor
Question:
Which saint is associated with the emblem of three golden balls
Answer:
Nicolas of Myra
Passage:
Royal Troon Golf Club
Royal Troon Golf Club is a links golf course in Scotland, located in Troon, South Ayrshire, southwest of Glasgow.

Founding and early years

The club, which now has a total of 45 holes, was founded  in 1878, initially with five holes. It lies adjacent to the Firth of Clyde. George Strath was appointed in 1881 as the club's first golf professional, and together with 1882 Open champion Willie Fernie (golfer), designed the original course, expanding it to 18 holes by 1888. World Atlas of Golf, 2012 edition, Octopus Publishing Group Ltd., London, ISBN 978-0-600-62518-6, pp. 58–59 The two were assisted by Charlie Hunter, greenskeeper of the neighbouring Prestwick Golf Club, in Troon's formative years.

When Strath left the Club's employ in 1887, Fernie became head professional, and served in that role until his death in 1924. He laid out the club's original Portland Course as well; this course was named in honour of the 6th Duke of Portland, an essential early Troon Golf Club patron and facilitator, who was one of the region's largest landowners.

The Club's property lies between the Firth of Clyde on the west, a caravan park on the south (slightly further south lies Prestwick Golf Club), the railway line and main road on the east, and the town of Troon on the north. Glasgow Prestwick Airport is located slightly to the south and east of the club, and low-flying aircraft are nearest its southern section.

Redesigned for first Open Championship

Just prior to Royal Troon hosting its first Open Championship in 1923, the Old Course was redesigned, lengthened, and strengthened by James Braid, a five-time Open champion, one of the era's top architects, and a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. Other than having new back tees on several holes, the current Old Course is essentially very similar to Braid's finished work.

Awarded 'Royal' designation

Troon was granted its "Royal" designation in 1978, during its centennial. Its clubhouse is richly decorated with historical golf artifacts. James Montgomerie, father of champion golfer Colin Montgomerie, served as Secretary in the 1980s.

Nine-time host of The Open Championship

Its Old Course is one of the host courses for The Open Championship, one of the major championships on the PGA Tour and European Tour. The Club has hosted the Open nine times, the most recent in 2016.

Past Open champions

Past Open champions at Royal Troon include Justin Leonard, Mark Calcavecchia, Tom Watson, Tom Weiskopf, Arnold Palmer, Bobby Locke, and Arthur Havers. Six consecutive Opens at Troon were won by Americans, from 1962 through 2004, ended by Henrik Stenson of Sweden in 2016.

Noteworthy characteristics

Seaside opening

The Old Course begins alongside the sea, running southwards in a line for the first six holes. This opening section offers full visibility and plenty of space, but does still require accuracy to avoid deep bunkers. Many good rounds have been fashioned through low scores here, often aided by prevailing downwind conditions.

Rise in complexity

Beginning with the seventh, the Old Course turns further inland, while simultaneously changing direction, on each of its next six holes, among hillier dunes and thicker vegetation, including gorse and whins, to severely punish offline shots. This sector, with two blind tee shots on the tenth and 11th, marks a sharp rise in difficulty from the opening holes.

Long finish

With the 13th hole, the player turns northwards for a long, very stern finish, running parallel to the opening stretch. This comprises three long par 4s, two tough par 3s, and a challenging par 5 (the 16th) with its fairway bisected at the halfway point by a ditch, which can only very rarely be carried from the tee. The player very often has to face a strong prevailing wind.

Famous holes

Royal Troon is home to both the longest and shortest holes in Open Championship golf. Regarded as one of the top holes in the world, the par-3 8th hole ("Postage Stamp") measures a scant 123 yd, but its diminutive green measures a mere 2635 sqft.  Two holes earlier, the par-5 6th ("Turnberry") extends to a lengthy 601 yd.

The 11th hole ("The Railway") is one of the most difficult holes in major championship golf. Now a long par-4, a blind tee shot has a long carry over gorse with out of bounds all along the railway on the right. The lengthy approach shot is to a small green that falls away, with nearby out of bounds.

Votes to admit women as members

On 1 July 2016, Royal Troon members voted overwhelmingly to admit women into the club as members, avoiding a potential controversy that could have overshadowed the 2016 Open Championship, and potentially to the club being removed from the Open rota in the future. 

The Portland and Craigend Courses

The Old Course is the championship layout at Royal Troon. Its second course, the Portland, also an 18-hole layout from 1895, but significantly shorter than the Old Course, was redesigned in 1921 by world-renowned architect Dr. Alister MacKenzie, a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. The Portland is also of very high standard. It is located slightly further inland and mostly further north than the Old Course, with no holes bordering the Firth of Clyde; it has its own clubhouse.

The Craigend Course is a nine-hole par-3 course.

The Club is private; guests are allowed at certain times, under advance booking, with a handicap certificate establishing proficiency.

The Old Course has four tees – "Ladies", "Short", "Medal" and "Championship".

Layout

For 2016 Open Championship:

Lengths of the course for previous Opens (since 1950):

* 2004: 7175 yd, par 71
* 1997: 7079 yd, par 71
* 1989: 7097 yd, par 72
* 1982: 7067 yd, par 72

* 1973: 7064 yd, par 72   
* 1962: 7045 yd, par 72
* 1950: 6583 yd}}, par 70
Question:
What name is given to the shortest hole on the Old Course at Royal Troon Golf Club?
Answer:
Adhesive postage stamp
Passage:
List of successful English Channel swimmers
This is a list of notable successful swims across the English Channel.

First attempts

After a seaman had floated across the Channel on a bundle of straw, Matthew Webb made the crossing without the aid of artificial buoyancy. His first attempt ended in failure, but on 25 August 1875, he started from Admiralty Pier in Dover and made the crossing in 21 hours and 45 minutes, despite challenging tides (which delayed him for 5 hours) and a jellyfish sting. 

80 failed attempts were made by a variety of people before Thomas William Burgess, on 6 September 1911, became the third person to successfully make the crossing. He crossed from Dover to Cap Gris Nez in 22 hours and 35 minutes at his 16th bid. Burgess ate a hearty meal of ham and eggs before starting his swim and had only trained for 18 hours before he made the crossing, with his longest practice being six miles. 

Henry Sullivan was successful in his seventh attempt. He entered the water in Dover at 4:20 on Sunday afternoon, 5 August 1923. Though the straight-line distance is 22.5 miles, choppy waters and capricious tides forced him to swim an estimated 56 miles. He reached shore at Calais at 8:05 in the evening of 6 August, finishing in 27 hours and 45 minutes.Staff. [http://news.google.com/newspapers?id
SWktAAAAIBAJ&sjidPYoFAAAAIBAJ&dq
henry-sullivan%20english-channel&pg=6716%2C756686 "Henry Sullivan Crossed Channel - United States Swimmer Swam From England to France in 27 Hours 25 Minutes - Seventh Attempt - Third to Accomplish Feat - Capt. Webb and Burgess Other Two"], The Montreal Gazette, 7 August 1923. Accessed 5 August 2010. Two other swimmers completed the swim that same summer. Enrique Tirabocchi, from Argentina, completed the swim on 13 August, finishing in a record time of 16 hours and 33 minutes and becoming the first person to swim the route starting from the French side of the Channel.  American Charles Toth of Boston completed the swim on 9 September 1923, in 16 hours and 40 minutes, missing by two days the expiration of a 1,000 Pound prize offered by the Daily Sketch for anyone who completed the swim, a prize that both Sullivan and Tirabocchi received from a representative of the Daily Sketch waiting on the shore with a check in hand. 

Gertrude Ederle's successful cross-channel swim began at Gris Nez in France at 07:05 on the morning of 6 August 1926. Her trainer was Burgess.  14 hours and 30 minutes later, coming ashore at Kingsdown, Kent, England, in a total time of 14 hours and 39 minutes, making her the first woman to complete the crossing and setting the record for the fastest time, breaking the previous mark set by Tirabocchi by almost two hours. A reporter from The New York Times who had accompanied Ederle's support team on a tugboat, recounted that Ederle was confronted by a British immigrations official, who recorded the biographical details of Ederle and the individuals on board the ship, none of whom had been carrying their passports. Ederle was finally allowed to come ashore, after promising that she would report to the authorities the following morning. 

L. Walter Lissberger financed the $3,000 in expenses that Amelia Gade Corson and her husband incurred in preparing for the Channel swim. Lissberger made a wager with Lloyd's of London betting that she would succeed in crossing the Channel, and received a payout of $100,000 at odds of 20–1 when she completed her swim.  She was one of three swimmers who were trying to make the swim across the Channel at the same time starting at 11:32 at night on 28 August 1926, leaving from Cape Gris Nez. The two men with her failed, Egyptian swimmer Ishak Helmy dropping out after three hours and an English swimmer failing one mile from Dover's Shakespeare Cliffs.  With her husband rowing alongside in a dory and providing her with hot chocolate, sugar lumps and crackers, she completed the swim in a time of 15 hours and 29 minutes, one hour longer than the record set by Gertrude Ederle three weeks earlier that summer. 

Jackie Cobell had intended to make the 21-mile crossing by a more direct route in July 2010, but inadvertently set the record for the slowest solo swim, when strong currents forced her to swim a total of 65 miles in 28 hours and 44 minutes, breaking the record set by Henry Sullivan in 1923, who had been the third person, and the first American, to make the crossing. 

First swims

Records

;Fastest

Most crossings
Question:
In 1923 who was the 1st American to swim across the English Channel?
Answer:
Henry Sullivan
Passage:
Vijay Amritraj
Vijay Amritraj (born 14 December 1953) is a former tennis player from India, sports commentator and actor. He was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor in 1983.

Early life

Vijay was born in Chennai,  India to Maggie Dhairyam and Robert Amritraj.  He has two brothers, Anand Amritraj and Ashok Amritraj, who were also international tennis players. He did schooling in Chennai and later graduated from Loyola College, Chennai.

Career

After playing his first grand prix event in 1970, Amritraj achieved his first significant success in singles in 1973 when he reached the quarterfinals at two Grand Slam events. At Wimbledon, he lost in five sets to the eventual champion Jan Kodeš and later that summer at the US Open, lost to Ken Rosewall after having beaten Rod Laver two rounds earlier.

Amritraj beat Björn Borg in the second round in Forest Hills Open in 1974 before losing to Rosewall in quarterfinals. In 1979, he lost in the 2nd round of Wimbledon to defending champion Borg after being up two sets to one and leading 4–1 in the fourth set. He reached his career high ranking in singles of World No. 16 in July 1980. In 1981, he reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon before losing in five sets to Jimmy Connors after being up 2-0. He beat John McEnroe in the first round of Cincinnati Masters in 1984. Overall, he had five career wins over Jimmy Connors in their 11 matches.

Amritraj was part of the Indian Davis Cup team that reached the finals in 1974 and 1987. Amritraj had a career singles win-loss record 384–296, winning 16 singles and 13 doubles titles.

Acting career

Amritraj also had a brief acting career. His most notable appearance is probably as the MI6 agent Vijay in the 1983 James Bond film Octopussy.  He also appeared briefly in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home (1986) as a starship captain.

He was also a regular character in the NBC TV series The Last Precinct and the Yakov Smirnoff comedy What a Country, as well as a guest star on various television shows such as Hart to Hart. He has since gone on to become a sports commentator, has been a judge at the Miss Universe pageant and has developed a successful multimedia business. Amritraj is the host of a talk show named Dimensions with Vijay Amritraj telecast on CNN-IBN.

Personal life

Amritraj lives in California with wife Shyamala, who is Sri Lankan Tamil, and sons Prakash Amritraj and Vikram.    His son Prakash Amritraj and nephew Stephen Amritraj are also professional tennis players. On 9 February 2001, Vijay Amritraj was appointed a United Nations ambassador for peace. He has been raising awareness on the issues of drugs and HIV/AIDS and in raising funds to fight the spread of AIDS worldwide.  Vijay Amritraj founded The Vijay Amritraj Foundation in 2006.  

Filmography 

*Octopussy (1983) - Vijay
*Nine Deaths of the Ninja (1985) - Rankin
*Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home (1986) - Starship Captain
*Of God and Kings (2015) - Duke Bora Swain

Career finals 

Singles: 25 (18–7)

Doubles: 29 (14–15)
Question:
Tennis player Vijay Amritraj appeared in which James Bond film?
Answer:
Kamal kahn
Passage:
Chaetophobia
Chaetophobia is fear of hair, a type of specific phobia.  Sufferers' fear may be associated with human hair and/or animal hair. They fear people or animals with an excess amount of hair. They may also fear the hair on their own body. Some only fear detached or loose hair and do not mind attached hair. The term chaetophobia comes from the Greek χαίτη - khaitē, meaning "loose, flowing hair"  and  φόβος - phobos, meaning "fear". )

Causes

As with most phobias this fear could be the result of a negative experience with hair and/or a hairy person. The anxiety starts when the person remembers an experience whenever they are near a person with an excess amount of hair. Hair loss can be a trigger to this phobia, such as men going bald.

Fear

Some sufferers fear the hair on their own bodies because they think it is dirty or unattractive. They may fear things such as dandruff or head lice. This phobia is thought to be a spin-off of germaphobia, the fear of germs. They become obsessed with removing every hair on their body. This fear is often hygiene-related and sufferers feel uncomfortable in environments such as salons where hair is detached and on the ground. Some fear loose hair in their food or on furniture even if it is their own.

Treatment

Intensive therapy and/or medication may have an effect on the anxiety side of the phobia. As with most phobias support groups and self relaxation techniques are some times effective in helping with fear and anxiety.
Question:
Chaetophobia is the fear of what?
Answer:
Hair bud
Passage:
Burrows Toy Museum. - UNKNOWN,
Burrows Toy Museum. - UNKNOWN,
Author: UNKNOWN,
Title: Burrows Toy Museum.
Description: London, Unichrome (BATH) Limited, nd. VG PB. Booklet shows fashion dolls of about 1870 made of bisque with their bodies covered in kid and toys in different settings.
Keywords:
Question:
In which English city is the Burrows Toy Museum?
Answer:
Bath (disambiguation)
Passage:
French Kissin (song)
"French Kissin" (also known as "French Kissin in the USA") is a song recorded by the American singer Debbie Harry. Released in 1986, it was the first single to be taken from her album Rockbird. The song was written by Chuck Lorre, who would later create his hit sitcoms Dharma & Greg, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.

Song information

The song was released as the album's lead single in November 1986, and became a moderate radio hit in the US, peaking at #57 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was also Harry's biggest success in the UK, where it reached #8 (her only solo Top 10 single there to date).

For promotion, Harry did a live performance of "French Kissin" and "In Love with Love" on Saturday Night Live, as well as a handful of television interviews in the UK and U.S. in late 1986. A music video (with a cameo by actress Katey Sagal) was also made and subsequently played on music video channels. Besides the regular formats 7" and 12" the single was also released as a limited edition 12" picture disc in the UK.

Harry also recorded a French-language version of the track which was released as the B-side of other Rockbird singles and was also included on the 1988 Blondie/Debbie Harry remix compilation Once More into the Bleach.

A cover of the song by Carol Chapman was also featured in the 1987 film Can't Buy Me Love and the 1989 film Troop Beverly Hills.

Track listing 

US 7", UK 7" & UK Poster Sleeve 7"
#"French Kissin" (7" Edit) (Chuck Lorre ) - 4:09
#"Rockbird" (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein) - 3:09
US 12", UK 12" & UK 12" Picture Disc
#"French Kissin" (Dance Mix) (Chuck Lorre) - 7:25
#"French Kissin" (Dub Version) (Chuck Lorre) - 8:02
#"Rockbird" (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein) - 3:09

Chart positions
Question:
Which female singer had a top ten hit in 1986 with French Kissing In The USA
Answer:
Deborah Harry
Passage:
Adrian Smith (architect)
Adrian D. Smith (born August 19, 1944) is an American architect who has designed many buildings, including the world’s tallest structure, Burj Khalifa in Dubai, as well as the building projected to surpass it, Jeddah Tower, in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. He was the lead architect of some of the world's most recognizable buildings including Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago, Illinois; Jin Mao Tower in Shanghai, China and Zifeng Tower in Nanjing, China.

Education

Smith attended Texas A&M University, pursuing a Bachelor of Architecture while being involved with the Corps of Cadets. However, he did not graduate and instead left A&M to work at Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) in 1967.  He finished his education at the University of Illinois, Chicago and graduated in 1969. In 2013 Adrian was presented with an Honorary Doctorate of Letters Degree from Texas A&M University. 

Career

In 2006, Adrian founded Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture (AS+GG), which is dedicated to the design of high-performance, energy-efficient and sustainable architecture on an international scale. In 2008, he co-founded the MEP firm of PositivEnergy Practice (PEP), which specializes in the environmental engineering of high-performance, energy-efficient architecture. Prior to starting AS+GG, Adrian was a Design Partner at the Chicago office of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM) from 1980 to 2003 and a Consulting Design Partner from 2003 to 2006.

Recognition

Projects Smith designed have won over 125 awards including 5 international awards, 9 National American Institute of Architects Awards, 35 State and Chicago AIA Awards, and 3 Urban Land Institute Awards for Excellence.  He was the recipient of the CTBUH 2011 Lynn S. Beedle Lifetime Achievement Award. Smith's work at SOM has been featured in museums in the United States, South America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. He is a Senior Fellow of the Design Futures Council.  in May 2013, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters Degree from Texas A &M University.

Selected projects

The following is an abridged list of work Smith was primarily responsible for as a partner at Skidmore, Owings & Merrill:  or as Design Partner at Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture.

Completed

Currently under construction

Significant unbuilt projects
Question:
According to its chief architect Adrian Smith, the triple lobed footprint of what iconic new millennium construction was inspired by the flower Hymenocallis?
Answer:
Burj Khalifa in Dubai
Passage:
Designers - Zandra Rhodes on Pinterest | Zandra Rhodes ...
1000+ images about Designers - Zandra Rhodes on Pinterest | Cactus, British and UX/UI Designer
What a unique look of Zandra Rhodes! Colorful, theatriacal, and a little bit scary to me!
See more
Question:
Who was born in 1940, and opened the Fulham Road clothes shop in 1967. This designer is famous for creating exotic designs on chiffon and silk?
Answer:
Zandra Rhodes
Passage:
1975 Wimbledon Championships
The 1975 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom. The tournament ran from 23 June until 5 July. It was the 89th staging of the Wimbledon Championships, and the second Grand Slam tennis event of 1975.

Prize money

The total prize money for 1975 championships was £114,875. The winner of the men's title earned £10,000 while the women's singles champion earned £7,000.

* per team

Champions

Men's singles

 Arthur Ashe  defeated  Jimmy Connors, 6–1, 6–1, 5–7, 6–4
*It was Ashe's 3rd (and last) career Grand Slam title, and his 1st Wimbledon title.

Women's singles

 Billie Jean King defeated  Evonne Goolagong Cawley, 6–0, 6–1
*It was King's 12th (and last) career Grand Slam title (her 8th in the Open Era), and her 6th Wimbledon title.

Men's doubles

 Vitas Gerulaitis /  Sandy Mayer defeated   Colin Dowdeswell /  Allan Stone, 7–5, 8–6, 6–4

Women's doubles

 Ann Kiyomura /   Kazuko Sawamatsu defeated   Françoise Dürr /  Betty Stöve, 7–5, 1–6, 7–5

Mixed doubles

 Margaret Court /  Marty Riessen defeated  Betty Stöve /  Allan Stone, 6–4, 7–5

Juniors Champions

Boys' singles

 Chris Lewis defeated  Ricardo Ycaza, 6–1, 6–4

Girls' singles

 Natasha Chmyreva defeated  Regina Maršíková, 6–4, 6–3

Notes
Question:
Who won the 1975 Wimbledon men's singles title?
Answer:
Arthur Ashe, Jr.
Passage:
Diagonal
In geometry, a diagonal is a line segment joining two vertices of a polygon or polyhedron, when those vertices are not on the same edge.  Informally, any sloping line is called diagonal.  The word "diagonal" derives from the ancient Greek διαγώνιος diagonios,  "from angle to angle" (from  διά- dia-, "through", "across" and γωνία gonia, "angle", related to gony "knee"); it was used by both Strabo  and Euclid  to refer to a line connecting two vertices of a rhombus or cuboid,  and later adopted into Latin as diagonus ("slanting line").

In matrix algebra, a diagonal of a square matrix is a set of entries extending from one corner to the farthest corner.

There are also other, non-mathematical uses.

Non-mathematical uses 

In engineering, a diagonal brace is a beam used to brace a rectangular structure (such as scaffolding) to withstand strong forces pushing into it; although called a diagonal, due to practical considerations diagonal braces are often not connected to the corners of the rectangle.

Diagonal pliers are wire-cutting pliers defined by the cutting edges of the jaws intersects the joint rivet at an angle or "on a diagonal", hence the name.

A diagonal lashing is a type of lashing used to bind spars or poles together applied so that the lashings cross over the poles at an angle.

In association football, the diagonal system of control is the method referees and assistant referees use to position themselves in one of the four quadrants of the pitch.

Polygons 

As applied to a polygon, a diagonal is a line segment joining any two non-consecutive vertices.  Therefore, a quadrilateral has two diagonals, joining opposite pairs of vertices.  For any convex polygon, all the diagonals are inside the polygon, but for re-entrant polygons, some diagonals are outside of the polygon.

Any n-sided polygon (n ≥ 3), convex or concave, has \tfrac{n(n-3)}{2}\,  diagonals, as each vertex has diagonals to all other vertices except itself and the two adjacent vertices, or n − 3 diagonals, and each diagonal is shared by two vertices.

Regions formed by diagonals

In a convex polygon, if no three diagonals are concurrent at a single point, the number of regions that the diagonals divide the interior into is given by

\binom n4 + \binom {n-1}2 = \frac{(n-1)(n-2)(n^2-3n+12)}{24}.

For n-gons with n=3. 4, ... the number of regions is 

1, 4, 11, 25, 50, 91, 154, 246...

This is OEIS sequence A006522. 

Matrices 

In the case of a square matrix, the main or principal diagonal is the diagonal line of entries running from the top-left corner to the bottom-right corner.    For a matrix  A  with row index specified by i and column index specified by j, these would be entries A_{ij} with i = j. For example, the identity matrix can be defined as having entries of 1 on the main diagonal and zeroes elsewhere:
\begin{pmatrix}
 1 & 0 & 0 \\
 0 & 1 & 0 \\
 0 & 0 & 1
\end{pmatrix}

The top-right to bottom-left diagonal is sometimes described as the minor diagonal or antidiagonal.  The off-diagonal entries are those not on the main diagonal.  A diagonal matrix is one whose off-diagonal entries are all zero.  

A superdiagonal entry is one that is directly above and to the right of the main diagonal.   Just as diagonal entries are those A_{ij} with ji, the superdiagonal entries are those with j 
 i+1.  For example, the non-zero entries of the following matrix all lie in the superdiagonal:
\begin{pmatrix}
 0 & 2 & 0 \\
 0 & 0 & 3 \\ 
 0 & 0 & 0
\end{pmatrix}
Likewise, a subdiagonal entry is one that is directly below and to the left of the main diagonal, that is, an entry A_{ij} with j i - 1.   General matrix diagonals can be specified by an index k measured relative to the main diagonal: the main diagonal has k 
 0; the superdiagonal has k 1; the subdiagonal has k 
 -1; and in general, the k-diagonal consists of the entries A_{ij} with j = i+k.

Geometry

By analogy, the subset of the Cartesian product X×X of any set X with itself, consisting of all pairs (x,x), is called the diagonal, and is the graph of the equality relation on X or equivalently the graph of the identity function from X to x.  This plays an important part in geometry; for example, the fixed points of a mapping F from X to itself may be obtained by intersecting the graph of F with the diagonal.

In geometric studies, the idea of intersecting the diagonal with itself is common, not directly, but by perturbing it within an equivalence class. This is related at a deep level with the Euler characteristic and the zeros of vector fields. For example, the circle S1 has Betti numbers 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, and therefore Euler characteristic 0. A geometric way of expressing this is to look at the diagonal on the two-torus S1xS1 and observe that it can move off itself by the small motion (θ, θ) to (θ, θ + ε).  In general, the intersection number of the graph of a function with the diagonal may be computed using homology via the Lefschetz fixed point theorem; the self-intersection of the diagonal is the special case of the identity function.
Question:
A square grid of square cells, with five cells in each of its longest diagonals, contains how many cells in total?
Answer:
25
Passage:
Theme from Z-Cars
"Theme from Z-Cars" was the theme tune to the long-running BBC television drama Z-Cars.

Based on the traditional folk song "Johnny Todd",  which was in a collection of traditional tunes by Frank Kidson dated 1891 called Traditional Tunes: A Collection of Ballad Airs. Kidson's notes for this song say: "Johnny Todd is a child's rhyme and game, heard and seen played by Liverpool children. The air is somewhat pleasing, and the words appear old, though some blanks caused by the reciter's memory have had to be filled up."

There is also what appears to be a version of the same song, mentioned in the first of the Para Handy stories, written in Scotland in 1905, which claims that the tune was popular around 30 years earlier.  The song also appears in the book Songs of Belfast edited by David Hammond (Cork: The Mercier Press, 1986), who heard it from a Mrs. Walker of Salisbury Avenue, Belfast, who claimed it dates from around 1900.

The Z-Cars theme tune was arranged for commercial release by Fritz Spiegl and Bridget Fry, and performed by John Keating and his Orchestra. The single reached #8 in the Record Retailer chart in April 1962, and as high as #5 in other charts. The original television theme was arranged and conducted by Norrie Paramor with his orchestra. A later, much more syncopated arrangement of the theme replaced the original on a later television series which was also written and conducted by Norrie Paramor.

It was soon adopted by fans of the First Division football club Everton, who are based in Liverpool near to where the programme supposedly took place. The theme tune is still played as the team come out onto the pitch at the beginning of all their home matches and has become synonymous with the club. They also use the theme tune on their official podcasts, used at the beginning to introduce the podcast.

The first football team to use it was Watford F.C. who adopted the theme in the early 1960s, as it was then manager Bill McGarry's favourite TV programme.   It has been played as the players come onto pitch since then. During the rise of the club through the leagues in the 1970s and 1980s, it became associated with the club's success under manager Graham Taylor.
 
Workington A.F.C. are also known to play the theme when the players enter the field. This is because Evertonian Ken Furphy was manager of the club in the 1960s. Sunderland A.F.C. were also known to have played the song as their players ran out to the field during their days playing at Roker Park.
Question:
The theme music to which 1960s TV series was based on the folk song Johnny Todd?
Answer:
Z Cars
