Passage:
A Year in Provence
A Year in Provence is a 1989 best-selling memoir by Peter Mayle about his first year in Provence, and the local events and customs.  It was adapted into a television mini-series starring John Thaw and Lindsay Duncan. Reviewers praised the book's honest style, wit[http://french.about.com/library/reviews/aafpr-yearinprovence.htm A Year in Provence, by Peter Mayle] and its refreshing humour.  The book was turned into an equally popular radio version.

Plot

Peter Mayle and his wife move to Provence, and are soon met with unexpectedly fierce weather, underground truffle dealers and unruly workers, who work around their normalement schedule.  Meals in Provençal restaurants and work on the Mayles' house, garden and vineyard are features of the book, whose chapters follow the months of the year.

Mini-series

In 1993, the BBC produced a television mini-series based on the book, starring Lindsay Duncan and John Thaw, with appearances from Alfred Molina and James Fleet amongst others. Unlike the book, the miniseries was
not well received by critics; A Year in Provence was later placed at number ten on a Radio Times list of 
the worst television programs ever made   
  with the writer, John Naughton, describing
it as the ""smugathon" series A Year In Provence " and stated it "achieved the near impossible - creating a John Thaw vehicle nobody liked".
Question:
In the television programme 'A Year In Provence', which actress played the part of Peter Mayle's wife?
Answer:
Lindsay Vere Duncan
Passage:
East Lyn River
The East Lyn is a river which rises high in Exmoor, in the English county of Somerset. It flows through the East Lyn Valley in Devon.

History

The Lynmouth Disaster occurred on the East Lyn river  due to rocks and fallen trees having been washed into the West Lyn river. These formed a log jam near Watersmeet, forming a landslide dam. When the pressure behind the dam increased to uncontrollable levels, the water broke out of the dam, and rushed down the East Lyn (via the convergence of the rivers) into Lynmouth, obliterating houses and ultimately resulting in 34 deaths. Boulders from the incident can still be seen today, lining the banks of the East Lyn as it travels into Lynmouth today.

Watercourse

The river is formed as the Upper East Lyn at Malmsmead from two minor tributaries, the Oare Water and Badgworthy Water. It flows for several miles, past Brendon and makes confluence with Hoar Oak Water at Watersmeet, where Watersmeet House is situated.  The river then passes through a narrow gorge section, before flowing downstream for a further  until the river meets with the West Lyn River and flows into the Bristol Channel at Lynmouth. 

Recreation

Angling

Angling interests especially in the summer are targeted towards the salmon which migrate up the river to spawn. There is also trout fishing. 

Walking

It is popular for walkers with the Two Moors Way near to much of the river.

Whitewater kayaking

Whitewater kayakers frequently run this river in the winter when seeking a challenging Grade 4 paddle.
Question:
The River Lyn is in which English county?
Answer:
Devon, England
Passage:
Jay Records - Therese Raquin
Jay Records - Therese Raquin
JAY RECORDS
Buy now from Jay Records
$29.99
A startling new musical adaptation of the classic French novel 
Thérèse Raquin...by Èmile Zola
Music by Craig Adams
Book & Lyrics by Nona Shepphard
1860s Paris. In a small dusty haberdasher’s shop near the Seine in the dank, narrow Passage du Pont Neuf, the young and beautiful Thérèse Raquin is trapped in a loveless marriage to her sickly cousin, Camille. While her husband is out all day working, Thérèse spends her days confined behind the counter of a small shop and - every Thursday evening - watching her domineering aunt, Madame Raquin, play dominoes with an eclectic group of ne'er-do-wells. Until the Thursday evening that her husband Camille brings an old friend to the party – the alluring Laurent – and she embarks on an illicit affair that leads Thérèse to abandon all her inhibitions and loyalties as their brutal and overwhelming passion overturns both their lives and has results that nobody could have foreseen... In keeping with the innovative and challenging nature of the original work, this radical new musical adaptation uses music and lyrics to heighten and distil the underlying themes, featuring a company of twelve actors playing the main roles of Thérèse, Laurent, Camille and Madame Raquin, as well as their Thursday night domino playing companions and a watchful and distrustful chorus.
 ★ ★ ★ ★ Evening standard            ★ ★ ★ ★ Independant           
★ ★ ★ ★ West End Frame             ★ ★ ★ ★ Everything Theatre
 
SANG ET NERFS / AT THE END.
Company
YOU ARE NOT STILL, THERESE
Oarsman, Chorus, Madame and Camille
THURSDAY NIGHTS
Oarsman, Grivet, Michaud, Olivier, Suzanne, Camille, Madame, Laurent and Company
YOU ARE NOT QUIET, THERESE
Oarsman, Madame, Laurent, Camille, Grivet  and Company
MAY AS WELL AND WHY NOT
Laurent, Madame and Camille
Camille, Laurent, Grivet, Therese and Chorus
A SUNDAY STROLL
Chorus
Reviews
"Good Lord! Will Park Theatre ever stage a bad show? If the latest offering of Theatre Bench’s new adaptation of Emile Zola’s turn-of-the-century classic, Thérése Raquin is anything to go by, probably not. A dark and pulsating musical set in Victorian Paris, the show follows the repressed Thérése as she breaks out from her dull little life and embarks on a passionate affair that eventually leads to her downfall."
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ West End Wilma 
“An intense and accomplished take on Emile Zola’s tightly wound 1867 novel of adultery and damnation in Paris.”
★ ★ ★ ★ Evening Standard  
“Visceral, darkly imaginative… Craig Adams's complex, eloquent score pulls you in with the bold unpredictability of its questing melodic lines and twisted harmonic textures.”
★ ★ ★ ★ Independent
“Shepphard directs her own adaptation with exhilarating precision, building the tension between the genteel constraint of Mme Raquin’s “snuggy little home” and the violent passions it contains to a pitch of unbearable intensity… Zola would approve.”
★ ★ ★ ★ Daily Telegraph
“..adapted for the stage with economical precision by Nona Shepphard, and given a score of insinuating musical breadth that allows the compacted, conflicting emotions within the story to sing… A genuinely original, one-of-a-kind British musical.”
The Stage
Question:
"Which author wrote the classic French novel, ""Therese Raquin""?"
Answer:
Émile zola
Passage:
Julia Barfield
Julia Barfield (born 1952) is a British architect and director of Marks Barfield Architects, established in 1989. Barfield created the London Eye together with husband partner David Marks. Barfield has interest in vernacular architecture, geometry and in the way nature "designs and organizes itself so efficiently". She was influenced by Buckminster Fuller and his beliefs on how architects have a social and environmental responsibility. 

Education 

Julia Barfield studied at the Architectural Association School of Architecture from 1972 to 1978. During her year out, she went to South America and worked in the barriadas of Lima in Peru designing housing and a community centre.

Experience 

After graduation, Barfield worked for Foster and Partners for nine years. In 1990, together with husband David Marks, they founded Marks Barfield Architects. During the last 13 years, with Marks, she has designed projects in the leisure, housing, transport, education and cultural sectors. 

London Eye

The best thing about the Eye is the journey. It’s not like the Eiffel tower, where you get in a dark lift and come out on to a platform at the top. The trip round is as important as the view. -Julia Barfield, 2015

In 1993, the Sunday Times and the Architecture Foundation held an open competition to design a landmark for the millennium, which would in turn be the London Eye. 

Awards 

Barfield is the winner of "Architectural Practice of the Year" in 2001 and a "Queen's Award for Enterprise" in 2003.
Question:
b Which London landmark was designed by David Marks and Julia Barfield?
Answer:
BA London Eye
