Passage:
San Francisco Earthquake, 1906 - archives.gov
San Francisco Earthquake, 1906 | National Archives
Exhibits
San Francisco Earthquake, 1906
On the morning of April 18, 1906, a massive earthquake shook San Francisco, California. Though the quake lasted less than a minute, its immediate impact was disastrous. The earthquake also ignited several fires around the city that burned for three days and destroyed nearly 500 city blocks.
Despite a quick response from San Francisco's large military population, the city was devastated. The earthquake and fires killed an estimated 3,000 people and left half of the city's 400,000 residents homeless. Aid poured in from around the country and the world, but those who survived faced weeks of difficulty and hardship.
The survivors slept in tents in city parks and the Presidio, stood in long lines for food, and were required to do their cooking in the street to minimize the threat of additional fires. The San Francisco earthquake is considered one of the worst natural disasters in U.S. history.
Congress responded to the disaster in several ways. The House and the Senate Appropriations Committees enacted emergency appropriations for the city to pay for food, water, tents, blankets, and medical supplies in the weeks following the earthquake and fire. They also appropriated funds to reconstruct many of the public buildings that were damaged or destroyed.
Other congressional responses included the House Claims Committee handling claims from owners seeking reimbursement for destroyed property. For example, the committee received claims from the owners of several saloons and liquor stores, whose supplies of alcoholic spirits were destroyed by law enforcement officers trying to minimize the spread of fires and threat of mob violence. In the days following the earthquake, officials destroyed an estimated $30,000 worth of intoxicating liquors.
The Senate Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds reporting on buildings damaged in San Francisco, Oakland, and San Jose, and estimates of cost of repairs. The Senate also passed a resolution asking the Secretary of War to furnish the Senate with a copy of a report on the earthquake and fire. The report on the relief efforts and accompanying captioned photographs, prepared by the U.S. Army, are now housed with the records of the Senate Committee on Printing.
More Featured Documents
Find out more:
1906 San Francisco Earthquake and Fire Documents about the earthquake aftermath, from our archives located in San Francisco
When an American City Is Destroyed How the U.S. military became the "first responders" and took charge when an earthquake struck San Francisco a century ago.
Aftermath of the San Francisco Earthquake, 1906 in the Online Catalog 120 photographs and documents of the Aftermath of the San Francisco Earthquake, 1906 have been digitized about the San Francisco Earthquake and fire.
The following images are records of the United States Senate, National Archives from Record Group 46:
Question:
In which American city were 250,000 people left homeless after a major earthquake in 1906?
Answer:
San Fransciso
Passage:
Alan Longmuir
Alan Longmuir (born 20 June 1948, Edinburgh, Scotland) was the Scottish bass guitarist for the 1970s pop group, the Bay City Rollers. His younger brother Derek Longmuir was a founding member and drummer for the group.

Biography

Longmuir was born at Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion Hospital, Edinburgh. In 1976, at the height of the band's popularity, Alan Longmuir was replaced by rhythm guitarist Ian Mitchell, a man ten years his junior, who would in turn make way for Pat McGlynn. Tam Paton, then the group's manager, alleged that Longmuir had tried to commit suicide.

Longmuir returned to the group in 1978 following McGlynn's departure, and thereafter switched between bass guitar, rhythm guitar and keyboards.  He also plays piano accordion.
Question:
"Alan Longmuir, Derek Longmuir, Eric Faulkner, Stuart ""Woody"" Wood and Les McKeown were collectively known as what band from 1974 to 1976?"
Answer:
Bay City Rollers
Passage:
Cochin chicken
The Cochin or Cochin China, is a breed of chicken. 
The name Cochin came from the original Chinese name 九斤黄(in pinyin: jiujin huang), meaning nine-catty yellow, erroneously conflated with the then-current names for what are now parts of southern India and Vietnam, where jin is a traditional Chinese measurement of weight.  In China itself, the name 九斤黄 is actually used for any large chicken or even a dish made from one.

History

This chicken was originally bred in China and later exported to Britain and America in the mid 19th century.

As a very distinctive breed of chicken, it apparently created a bit of a craze among poultry lovers in the English-speaking world, effectively launching poultry fancy as we know it today.  

Not only was this breed one of the largest seen, with cocks weighing up to 5 kg, but also its soft and very plentiful plumage, similar to the Japanese Silkie,  makes the bird conspicuous by exaggerating its already large size.  It was successfully bred into other birds.

There is also a bantam version, which is often called the "Pekin bantam", but this should not be confused with the separate and true Pekin bantam. 

Characteristics 

As above, the most distinctive feature of the Cochin is the excessive plumage that covers leg and foot. The skin beneath the feathers is yellow and the egg colour is  light brown. Eggs are also medium in size. Standard weight is 5 kg for a cock, 4 kg for a cockerel,  for a hen, and  for a pullet. Colour varieties include buff, black, partridge, blue, silver laced, splash, golden laced, and white. Cochins can be frizzled, with the feathers curling outwards. Cochins are well known as good mothers, even as foster mothers for other breeds, and they can lay many eggs, but usually not for extended periods of time. Cochins are also known to be good pet hens for the garden, as they are tame and regarded as one of the most 'friendly' chicken breeds.
Cochins are rather quiet chickens, and tend to be quite calm as well.
Question:
Cochin, Red Shaver and Sulmtaler are breeds of which bird?
Answer:
Domestic cock
Passage:
What a Year
What a Year was an Australian television documentary series, hosted by former ACA host Mike Munro and supermodel Megan Gale in 2006 and Bert Newton and Julia Zemiro in 2007. What a Year looked at the news, events, sporting achievements, entertainment and fads of a selected year in each episode. The hosts spoke to people who witnessed and experienced the particular events first-hand.

History

Mike Munro and Megan Gale presented the 2006 series. They successfully hosted nine episodes and it attracted a lot of viewers. In 2007, Gale and Munro's show contracts expired, so Newton and Zemiro replaced them as presenters. However, it was cancelled by the Nine Network after coming last place in the nightly ratings on 6 August 2007 due to the big win for Channel Seven..

In a November issue of a TV Week magazine in 2007, Munro claimed he and Gale left the show because the programmers wanted to lighten up the show and make it more fun. Munro explained that he disliked wearing fashionable clothes for that era. But Newton loved wearing them, so he was hired instead of Munro.

The episodes that remained unaired after the show's axing were broadcast by Channel Nine over the summer non-ratings period, beginning the unaired episodes on 27 December 2007. The new episodes replaced plans to screen repeats of Australian travel series, Things To Try Before You Die.

During March 2011, the Nine Network replayed the 1980 and 1999 themed episodes, on a Wednesday night at 7:30pm on their HD digital multi channel GEM after being abruptly cancelled and replaced with filler shows.

After "What A Year"

# Gale continued her modelling career and has also done some acting.
# Munro hosted Missing Persons Unit from 2006 to 2008 and is now working on Sunday Night for Channel Seven.
# Newton hosted 20 to 1 from 2006 to 2011.
# Zemiro went to host Rockwiz on SBS.

List of episodes

2006

# What a Year - 1975 - 2 October 2006
# What a Year - 1983 - 9 October 2006
# What a Year - 1997 - 16 October 2006
# What a Year - 1969 - 23 October 2006
# What a Year - 1986 - 30 October 2006
# What a Year - 2001 - 6 November 2006
# What a Year - 1991 - 13 November 2006
# What a Year - 1977 - 20 November 2006
# What a Year - 1989 - 27 November 2006

2007

# What a Year - 1980 - 30 July 2007
# What a Year - 1999 - 6 August 2007
Question:
In March of what year was Robert Mugabe elected Prime Minister of Zimbabwe?
Answer:
one thousand, nine hundred and eighty
Passage:
Star polygon
In geometry, a star polygon is a type of non-convex polygon. Only the regular star polygons have been studied in any depth; star polygons in general appear not to have been formally defined.

Branko Grünbaum identified two primary definitions used by Kepler, one being the regular star polygons with intersecting edges that don't generate new vertices, and the second being simple isotoxal concave polygons.

The first usage is included in polygrams which includes polygons like the pentagram but also compound figures like the hexagram.

Etymology

Star polygon names combine a numeral prefix, such as penta-, with the Greek suffix -gram (in this case generating the word pentagram). The prefix is normally a Greek cardinal, but synonyms using other prefixes exist. For example, a nine-pointed polygon or enneagram is also known as a nonagram, using the ordinal nona from Latin. The -gram suffix derives from γραμμή (grammḗ) meaning a line. 

Regular star polygon

A "regular star polygon" is a self-intersecting, equilateral equiangular polygon, created by connecting one vertex of a simple, regular, p-sided polygon to another, non-adjacent vertex and continuing the process until the original vertex is reached again.  Alternatively for integers p and q, it can be considered as being constructed by connecting every qth point out of p points regularly spaced in a circular placement.  For instance, in a regular pentagon, a five-pointed star can be obtained by drawing a line from the first to the third vertex, from the third vertex to the fifth vertex, from the fifth vertex to the second vertex, from the second vertex to the fourth vertex, and from the fourth vertex to the first vertex.

A regular star polygon is denoted by its Schläfli symbol {p/q}, where p and q are relatively prime (they share no factors) and q ≥ 2.

The symmetry group of {n/k} is dihedral group Dn of order 2n, independent of k.

A regular star polygon can also be obtained as a sequence of stellations of a convex regular core polygon.

Regular star polygons were first studied systematically by Thomas Bradwardine, and later Kepler. 

Degenerate regular star polygons

If p and q are not coprime, a degenerate polygon will result with coinciding vertices and edges. For example {6/2} will appear as a triangle, but can be labeled with two sets of vertices 1-6. This should be seen not as two overlapping triangles, but a double-winding of a single unicursal hexagon.  
Simple isotoxal star polygons 

When the intersecting lines are removed, the star polygons are no longer regular, but can be seen as simple concave isotoxal 2n-gons, alternating vertices at two different radii, which do not necessarily have to match the regular star polygon angles. Branko Grünbaum in Tilings and Patterns represents these stars as |n/d| that match the geometry of polygram {n/d} with a notation {nα} more generally, representing an n-sided star with each internal angle α For |n/d|, the inner vertices have an exterior angle, β, as 360°(d-1)/n. 

These polygons are often seen in tiling patterns. The parametric angle α (degrees or radians) can be chosen to match internal angles of neighboring polygons in a tessellation pattern. Johannes Kepler in his 1619 work Harmonices Mundi, including among other period tilings, nonperiodic tilings like that three regular pentagons, and a regular star pentagon (5.5.5.5/2) can fit around a vertex, and related to modern penrose tilings. 

Interiors of star polygons

The interior of a star polygon may be treated in different ways. Three such treatments are illustrated for a pentagram. Branko Grunbaum and Geoffrey Shephard consider two of them, as regular star polygons and concave isogonal 2n-gons.

These include:
* Where a side occurs, one side is treated as outside and the other as inside. This is shown in the left hand illustration and commonly occurs in computer vector graphics rendering.
*The number of times that the polygonal curve winds around a given region determines its density. The exterior is given a density of 0, and any region of density > 0 is treated as internal. This is shown in the central illustration and commonly occurs in the mathematical treatment of polyhedra.
* Where a line may be drawn between two sides, the region in which the line lies is treated as inside the figure. This is shown in the right hand illustration and commonly occurs when making a physical model.

When the area of the polygon is calculated, each of these approaches yields a different answer.

Star polygons in art and culture

Star polygons feature prominently in art and culture. Such polygons may or may not be regular but they are always highly symmetrical. Examples include:
*The {5/2} star pentagon is also known as a pentagram, pentalpha or pentangle, and historically has been considered by many magical and religious cults to have occult significance.
*The {7/3} and {7/2} star polygons which are known as heptagrams and also have occult significance, particularly in the Kabbalah and in Wicca.
*The {8/3} star polygon (octagram), is frequent geometrical motifs in Mughal Islamic art and architecture; the first is on the emblem of Azerbaijan.
*An eleven pointed star called the hendecagram was used on the tomb of Shah Nemat Ollah Vali.
Question:
How many stars are on the new  national flag of Libya?
Answer:
1
Passage:
Wallpaper dictionary definition | wallpaper defined
Wallpaper dictionary definition | wallpaper defined
From wall + paper
wallpaper - Computer Definition
A pattern or picture used to represent the desktop surface (screen background) in a graphical user interface (GUI).  Although many wallpaper options come with each operating system, third-party wallpaper files are also available, and any digital image can also be used as wallpaper.  Many cellphones allow custom wallpapers for their screen backgrounds. Live Wallpaper Live wallpaper displays some moving object or continuous scene change for people who like the glitz of animation.  However, in a portable device, live wallpaper is a battery drain. Why Cover a Desktop with Wallpaper? Years ago, someone who had too many sleepless nights programming must have thought it a great analogy because a screen desktop is vertical like a wall.  With Windows XP, Microsoft decided to end the mystery and just call it "Background."  However, background images are stored in the "Wallpaper" folder (c:\WINDOWS\Web\Wallpaper).
Question:
In computing, what is a picture or design displayed on the background of a computer screen known as?
Answer:
Wall paper
Passage:
James Gordon Bennett Jr.
James Gordon Bennett Jr. (May 10, 1841 - May 14, 1918) was publisher of the New York Herald, founded by his father, James Gordon Bennett Sr., who emigrated from Scotland. He was generally known as Gordon Bennett to distinguish him from his father. Among his many sports-related accomplishments he organized both the first polo match and the first tennis match in the United States, and he personally won the first trans-oceanic yacht race. He sponsored explorers including Henry Morton Stanley's trip to Africa to find David Livingstone, and the ill-fated USS Jeannette attempt on the North Pole.

Biography

Bennett was educated primarily in France. In 1866, the elder Bennett turned control of the Herald over to him. Bennett raised the paper's profile on the world stage when he provided the financial backing for the 1869 expedition by Henry Morton Stanley into Africa to find David Livingstone in exchange for the Herald having the exclusive account of Stanley's progress.

Bennett, like many of his social class, indulged in the "good life":  yachts, opulent private railroad cars, and lavish mansions. He was the youngest Commodore ever of the New York Yacht Club.

In 1861, Bennett volunteered his newly built schooner yacht, Henrietta, for the U.S. Revenue Marine Service during the Civil War.   At the same time, Bennett was commissioned as a third lieutenant in the Revenue Marine Service (equivalent to an ensign in the U.S. Navy) and assigned to the U.S. Marine Revenue schooner Henrietta (the yacht he had loaned to the U.S. Government) beginning in June 1861.  She patrolled Long Island until February 1862 when she was sent to Port Royal, South Carolina.  On March 3, 1862, Bennett commanded the Henrietta as part of the fleet which captured Fernandina, Florida.  Bennett and the Henrietta returned to civilian life in New York in May 1862.  

In 1866, on a bet, he won the first trans-oceanic yacht race. The race was between three American yachts, the Vesta (owned by Pierre Lorillard IV), the Fleetwing (owned by George and Frank Osgood) and the Henrietta. Each yachtsman put up $30,000 in the winner-take-all wager.[http://www.amazon.com/Gordon-Bennett-First-Across-Atlantic/dp/1472916735] They started off of Sandy Hook, New Jersey, on 11 December 1866 amid high westerly winds and raced to The Needles, the furthest westerly point on the Isle of Wight, famous for its lighthouse.  Bennett's Henrietta won with a time of 13 days, 21 hours, 55 minutes.  

However, he often scandalized society with his flamboyant and sometimes erratic behavior. In 1877, he left New York for Europe after an incident that ended his engagement to socialite Caroline May. According to various accounts, he arrived late and drunk to a party at the May family mansion, then urinated into a fireplace (some say grand piano) in full view of his hosts.    

Bennett's controversial reputation has been thought to have inspired, in the United Kingdom, the phrase "Gordon Bennett" as an expression of incredulity.

He entertained guests aboard his steam-yacht "Namouna." American expatriate artist Julius LeBlanc Stewart painted several works set on the yacht.

Settling in Paris, he launched the Paris edition of the New York Herald, named The Paris Herald, the forerunner of the International Herald Tribune. He backed George W. De Long's voyage to the North Pole on the USS Jeannette via the Bering Strait. The ill-fated expedition led to the deaths from starvation of DeLong and 19 of his crew, a tragedy that only increased the paper's circulation.

He was a co-founder of the Commercial Cable Company, a venture to break the Transatlantic cable monopoly held by Jay Gould.

Bennett returned to the United States and organized the first polo match in the United States at Dickel's Riding Academy at 39th Street and Fifth Avenue in New York City. He would help found the Westchester Polo Club in 1876, the first polo club in America. He established the Gordon Bennett Cup for international yachting and the Gordon Bennett Cup for automobile races. In 1906, he funded the Gordon Bennett Cup in ballooning (Coupe Aéronautique Gordon Bennett), which continues to this day. In 1909, Bennett offered a trophy for the fastest speed on a closed circuit for airplanes. The 1909 race in Rheims, France was won by Glenn Curtiss for two circuits of a 10 km rectangular course at an average speed of 46.5 miles per hour (74.8 km/h). From 1896 to 1914, the champion of Paris, USFSA football (soccer), received a trophy offered by Gordon Bennett.

He did not marry until he was 73. His wife was Maud Potter, widow of George de Reuter, son of Julius Paul Reuter, founder of Reuters news agency. He died on May 14, 1918 in Beaulieu-sur-Mer, Alpes-Maritimes, France. Bennett is buried at the Cimetière de Passy. 

Asteroid 305 Gordonia is named after him. He also has a street named for him near Chopin Airport in Warsaw, Poland.  The Avenue Gordon Bennett in Paris, with Stade de Roland Garros site of the French Open, is named after his father. 

File:Julius LeBlanc Stewart - On the Yacht„Namouna“, Venice.jpg|Wadsworth AtheneumOn the Yacht "Namouna", Venice (1890), by Stewart. Bennett is the man in the white suit, center left. Lillie Langtry is the seated woman, right.
File:Stewart yachting.jpg|Yachting on the Mediterranean (1896), by Stewart.
Image:CoupeGordonBennet1906.jpg|The 1906 Gordon Bennett Cup in Ballooning.
File:Bennet 5285332007 5a1b05f599 o.jpg|James Gordon Bennett Jr., c. 1910-15.

Notes
Question:
Three Gordon Bennett Cups were established for motor racing and ballooning early in the 20th century by James Gordon Bennett, Jr. Of what business was he the millionaire owner?
Answer:
N. Y. Her.
Passage:
Cocoa Puffs
Cocoa Puffs is a brand of chocolate-flavored puffed grain breakfast cereal, manufactured by General Mills.  Introduced in 1958, the cereal consists of small orbs of corn, oats, and rice flavored with cocoa. Essentially, Cocoa Puffs are Kix cereal with chocolate flavoring; similarly, Trix has been, for most of its existence, fruit-flavored Kix.

Cocoa Puffs are sold in Canada, Latin America, Mexico, and Europe under the Nesquik brand, via a partnership between Nestlé and General Mills.

Ingredients

On several occasions, Cocoa Puffs boxes stated that they are made with real Hershey's chocolate. 

In December 2009, General Mills announced that it would cut the sugar in 10 cereals including Cocoa Puffs to less than 10 grams of sugar per serving. This could represent a 25% decline in the sugar content from the original level and 18% from the 2009 level of 11 grams per serving. 

Flavors and variants

A cereal bar of Cocoa Puffs has been made. A layer of dried, sweetened condensed milk is added to the bottom, and marketed as a substitute for a bowl of milk and cereal.

The newest addition was introduced in the summer of 2008, Cocoa Puffs Combos, which consists of the recognizable chocolate puffs with vanilla puffs. Unlike original Cocoa Puffs, the Combos cereal does not contain cocoa. Instead, it contains artificial, imitation cocoa.

Advertising

The mascot of Cocoa Puffs is Sonny the Cuckoo Bird, introduced in 1962. In television commercials, Sonny attempts to concentrate on a normal task but ends up coming across some reference to Cocoa Puffs themselves (usually described by the adjectives "munchy, crunchy, chocolatey") and bursts with enthusiasm, exclaiming his catchphrase "I'm cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs!"  Sonny was voiced by Chuck McCann from 1962 to 1978, and has been voiced by Larry Kenney since 1978. 

Sonny's name comes from the original format of the commercials, in which he was paired with his grandfather (also voiced by McCann). Rather than proper names, they always referred to each other as "Gramps" and "Sonny." When the grandfather was dropped from the ads, "Sonny" remained as the character's name. In 2010, Gramps returned to the Cocoa Puffs ads, with McCann reprising his role as Gramps and Kenney continuing to voice Sonny.

Sonny was designed by Gene Cleaves; animation pioneer "Grim" Natwick, of Fleischers' Betty Boop history, also contributed to the early images of Sonny and Gramps, according to then-contemporaries who collaborated with Natwick during his 100-year career.  Sonny was originally depicted as wearing a pink-and-white striped shirt, then in 1995 was redesigned, this time wearing a varsity jacket and being given a more Disney-esque appearance. In 2004, he was redesigned in a more simplistic fashion, this time without clothing.
Question:
What is the name of the mascot for the cereal Cocoa Puffs?
Answer:
Sonny
Passage:
Lathyrus
Lathyrus  is a genus of flowering plant species known as sweet peas and vetchlings.  Lathyrus is in the legume family, Fabaceae, and contains approximately 160 species.  They are native to temperate areas, with a breakdown of 52 species in Europe, 30 species in North America, 78 in Asia, 24 in tropical East Africa, and 24 in temperate South America.  There are annual and perennial species which may be climbing or bushy.  This genus has numerous sections, including Orobus, which was once a separate genus. 

Uses

Many species are cultivated as garden plants. The genus includes the garden sweet pea (Lathyrus odoratus) and the perennial everlasting pea (Lathyrus latifolius). Flowers on these cultivated species may be rose, red, maroon, pink, white, yellow, purple or blue, and some are bicolored. They are also grown for their fragrance. Cultivated species are susceptible to fungal infections including downy and powdery mildew.

Other species are grown for food, including the Indian pea (L. sativus) and the red pea (L. cicera), and less commonly Cyprus-vetch (L. ochrus) and Spanish vetchling (L. clymenum). The tuberous pea (L. tuberosus) is grown as a root vegetable for its starchy edible tuber. The seeds of some Lathyrus species contain the toxic amino acid oxalyldiaminopropionic acid and if eaten in large quantities can cause lathyrism, a serious disease. 

Diversity

Species include:[http://www.ars-grin.gov/cgi-bin/npgs/html/splist.pl?6554 GRIN Species Records of Lathyrus.] Germplasm Resources Information Network (GRIN).
*Lathyrus alpestris
*Lathyrus angulatus - angled pea
*Lathyrus annuus - red fodder pea
*Lathyrus aphaca - yellow pea
*Lathyrus aureus - golden pea
*Lathyrus basalticus
*Lathyrus bauhinii
*Lathyrus belinensis
*Lathyrus biflorus - twoflower pea
*Lathyrus bijugatus - drypark pea
*Lathyrus boissieri
*Lathyrus brachycalyx - Bonneville pea
*Lathyrus cassius
*Lathyrus chloranthus
*Lathyrus cicera - red pea
*Lathyrus ciliolatus
*Lathyrus cirrhosus
*Lathyrus clymenum - Spanish vetchling
*Lathyrus crassipes - arvejilla
*Lathyrus cyaneus
*Lathyrus davidii
*Lathyrus decaphyllus - prairie vetchling
*Lathyrus delnorticus - Del Norte pea
*Lathyrus digitatus
*Lathyrus eucosmus - semmly vetchling, bush vetchling
*Lathyrus filiformis
*Lathyrus gloeospermus
*Lathyrus gorgoni
*Lathyrus graminifolius - grassleaf pea
*Lathyrus grandiflorus - twoflower everlasting pea
*Lathyrus grimesii - Grimes' pea
*Lathyrus heterophyllus - Norfolk everlasting pea
*Lathyrus hirsutus - hairy vetchling
*Lathyrus hitchcockianus - Bullfrog Mountain pea
*Lathyrus holochlorus - thinleaf pea
*Lathyrus hygrophilus
*Lathyrus inconspicuus
*Lathyrus incurvus
*Lathyrus japonicus - sea pea, beach pea
*Lathyrus jepsonii - delta tule pea
*Lathyrus laetivirens - aspen pea
*Lathyrus laevigatus
*Lathyrus lanszwertii - Nevada pea
*Lathyrus latifolius - everlasting pea, perennial pea
*Lathyrus laxiflorus
*Lathyrus linifolius - bitter vetch, heath pea
*Lathyrus littoralis - silky beach pea
*Lathyrus macropus
*Lathyrus magellanicus
*Lathyrus nervosus - Lord Anson's blue pea
*Lathyrus nevadensis - Sierra pea
*Lathyrus niger - black pea
*Lathyrus nissolia - grass vetchling
*Lathyrus nudicaulis 
*Lathyrus ochroleucus - cream pea
*Lathyrus ochrus - Cyprus-vetch
*Lathyrus odoratus - sweet pea
*Lathyrus palustris - marsh pea
*Lathyrus pauciflorus - fewflower pea
*Lathyrus polyphyllus - leafy pea
*Lathyrus pratensis - meadow vetchling
*Lathyrus pseudocicera
*Lathyrus pubescens
*Lathyrus pusillus - tiny pea, singletary vetchling
*Lathyrus quinquenervius
*Lathyrus rigidus - stiff pea
*Lathyrus roseus
*Lathyrus sativus - Indian pea, white pea, chickling vetch
*Lathyrus sphaericus - grass pea
*Lathyrus splendens - pride of California
*Lathyrus sulphureus - snub pea
*Lathyrus sylvestris - flat pea
*Lathyrus szowitsii
*Lathyrus tingitanus - Tangier pea
*Lathyrus torreyi - Torrey's peavine
*Lathyrus tuberosus - tuberous pea
*Lathyrus venetus
*Lathyrus venosus - veiny pea, bushy vetchling
*Lathyrus vernus - spring pea
*Lathyrus vestitus - Pacific pea
*Lathyrus vinealis
*Lathyrus whitei

Jewish Law

Lathyrus can be mixed with bitter peas without violating the Jewish law of Kilaim. 

Ecology

Lathyrus species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including the Grey Chi (Antitype chi) and the Latticed Heath (Chiasmia clathrata), both recorded on meadow vetchling (Lathyrus pratensis), and Chionodes braunella.

Notes
Question:
What is the familiar name of the garden flower lathyrus odorata?
Answer:
Sweet Pea
Passage:
Great South Run
The Great South Run is an annual 10 miles (16.09 km) road running race which takes place in Portsmouth, United Kingdom providing an intermediate distance between the ten kilometre and the half marathon (21.097 km) runs. Launched in 1990, it is part of the Great Run series created by former British athlete Brendan Foster.  It was originally held in Southampton, but the race moved to its current course after the first edition.[http://www.greatrun.org/Events/Information.aspx?ctid
41&id=12 History and Tradition]. Great Run. Retrieved on 25 October 2009.

The Great South Run has become one of Europe's most popular mass participation races over 10 miles, with a record 21,000 entries for the 2009 race.  Although the elite race is an IAAF Gold Label Road Race which attracts some of the most successful professional runners,  it is not a recognised distance for purposes of IAAF records.  World record holder Paula Radcliffe and 2007 World Champion Luke Kibet are among the past winners. Morrisons sponsored the 2015 race. The race used to be sponsored by Bupa (1992-2014) and Diet Coke (1990-1991)

The 1999 edition of the race was selected to be the Amateur Athletic Association 10-mile championships that year.  Paula Radcliffe won the women's race in 2008 in a time of 51 minutes 11 seconds, a new British record.  Kenyan runner Joseph Ebuya won the 2010 edition in 45:15 minutes, which was a significant improvement upon the previous UK all-comers record held by the 1995 winner Benson Masya. 

Channel 5 broadcasts The Great South Run every year.

Past winners

Key:
Question:
Which city is the venue for the Great South Run?
Answer:
Portsmouth UA
Passage:
The Wise Little Hen
The Wise Little Hen is a Walt Disney's Silly Symphonies cartoon, based on the fairy tale The Little Red Hen. This cartoon marked the debut of Donald Duck, dancing to the Sailor's Hornpipe. Donald and his friend Peter Pig try to avoid work by faking stomach aches until Mrs. Hen teaches them the value of labor. This cartoon was released on June 9, 1934. It was animated by Art Babbitt, Dick Huemer, Clyde Geronimi, Louie Schmitt, and Frenchy de Tremaudan (with assistance from a group of junior animators headed by Ben Sharpsteen)  and directed by Wilfred Jackson.  It was also adapted as a Sunday comic strip by Ted Osborne and Al Taliaferro. 

Plot

The Wise Little Hen of the title is looking for someone to help her plant her corn. Peter Pig and Donald Duck both feign belly aches to get out of the chore. So, with help from her chicks, she plants it herself. Harvest time comes; again, Peter and Donald claim belly aches, but the hen sees through this. She cooks up a variety of corn dishes, and heads over to Peter and Donald to help her eat them, but before she can open her mouth, they already fake their belly aches. Once she asks, they are miraculously "cured" but all she gives them is castor oil, to teach them a lesson. As the hen eats the corn herself, Peter and Donald, with nothing but an appetite, repent with all their might by kicking each other.

Cast

* Florence Gill - the Wise Little Hen (She only properly speaks in her sung lines when she asks Peter or/and Donald if they will "Help her plant, harvest or eat her corn")
* Clarence Nash - Donald Duck, Peter Pig

Other references

This short was one of the many featured in Donald Duck's 50th Birthday.

Home video releases

* Donald Duck Volume 1 (Betamax) 1986
* Mickey Mouse & Donald Duck Volume 2 (VHS, Laserdisc) 1989
* Donald Duck's 50 Birthday (VHS, Laserdisc) 1991
* The Chronological Donald Volume 1 (DVD) 2005
* Walt Disney's Timeless Tales Volume 3: Casey at the Bat/Little Hiwatha/Morris the Midget Moose (DVD) 2006
* Walt Disney Animation Collection: Classic Short Films Volume 5: Wind in the Willows (DVD) 2009

Adaptations

There was an adaptation story to the cartoon called "Mrs. Cackles's Corn" from Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories. There are a couple of differences like instead of Donald Duck and Peter Pig, they use Daniel Duck and Podgo Pig in the story, the hen is called Mrs. Cackle, and Clara Cluck is telling the story.
Question:
Which cartoon character first appeared in an animated feature called The Wise Little Hen ?
Answer:
Donald Duck
Passage:
Google logo
The Google logo appears in numerous settings to identify the search engine company. Google has relied on several logos since its renaming (see History of Google), with the first logo created by Sergey Brin using GIMP. A revised logo debuted on September 1, 2015. The previous logo, with slight modifications between 1999 and 2013, was designed by Ruth Kedar; the wordmark was based on the Catull typeface, an old style serif typeface designed by Gustav Jaeger for the Berthold Type Foundry in 1982. 

The company also includes various modifications or humorous features, such as cartoon modifications of their logo for use on holidays, birthdays of famous people, and major events, such as the Olympics.  These special logos, some designed by Dennis Hwang, have become known as Google Doodles.

History 

In 1998, Larry Page created a computerized version of the Google letters using the free graphics program GIMP. The typeface was changed and an exclamation mark was added mimicking the Yahoo! logo. 

"There were a lot of different color iterations", says Ruth Kedar, the graphic designer who developed the now-famous logo. "We ended up with the primary colors, but instead of having the pattern go in order, we put a secondary color on the L, which brought back the idea that Google doesn't follow the rules." 

In 2010, the Google logo received its first major overhaul since May 31, 1999. The new logo was first previewed on November 8, 2009,  and was officially launched on May 6, 2010.  It utilises an identical typeface to the previous logo, but the "o" is distinctly more orange-colored in place of the previously more yellowish "o", as well as a much more subtle shadow rendered in a different shading style. On October 25, 2013, Google introduced a new "flat" (two-dimensional) logo with a slightly altered color palette.   On May 24, 2014, the Google logo was updated, the second 'g' moved right one pixel and the 'l' moved down and right one pixel.   The old 2010 Google logo remained in use on some pages, such as the Google Doodles page, for a period of time. 

On September 1, 2015, Google introduced a controversial "new logo and identity family" designed to work across multiple devices.    The notable difference in the logo is the change in the typeface. The colors remained the same; however, Google switched to a modern, geometric sans-serif typeface called Product Sans, created in-house at Google (and also used for the Alphabet logo). 

 Google Doodles 

The first Google Doodle was in honor of the Burning Man Festival of 1998.   The doodle was designed by Larry Page and Sergey Brin to notify users of their absence in case the servers crashed. Subsequent Google Doodles were designed by an outside contractor, until Larry and Sergey asked then-intern Dennis Hwang to design a logo for Bastille Day in 2000.  Hwang has been designing the Google Doodles ever since.  

Colorless logo

From time to time, Google shows a special colorless logo,  on a local homepage in recognition of a major tragedy, often for several days. The design was apparently first used on the Google Poland homepage following the air disaster that killed, among others, Polish President Lech Kaczyński in April 2010. A few days later, the logo was used in China and Hong Kong to pay respects to the victims of the Qinghai earthquake. 

On September 8, 2010, the doodle once again changed to a greyed-out Google logo that lit up with the standard Google colors as the first 6 letters of a search query were entered. It goes by the name of the Keystroke Logo. 

Favicon

Google's favicon from May 31, 1999 to May 29, 2008, was a blue, uppercase "G" on white background. It was accompanied by a border with a red, blue, and a green side.

On May 30, 2008, a new favicon was launched. It showed the lowercase "g" from Google's 1999 logo, colored in blue against a white background, and originally was intended to be a part of a larger set of icons developed for better scalability on mobile devices. 

A new favicon was launched on January 9, 2009. It included a left-aligned white "g" with background areas colored in red, green, blue and yellow, with the top, bottom, and left edges of the "g" cropped.   It was based on a design by André Resende, a computer science undergraduate student at the University of Campinas in Brazil. He submitted it for a contest launched by Google in June 2008 to receive favicon submissions. The official Google blog stated: "His placement of a white 'g' on a color-blocked background was highly recognizable and attractive, while seeming to capture the essence of Google".

The favicon used from August 13, 2012 to August 31, 2015, showed the small letter "g" in white, centered on a solid light blue background.

, Google's favicon shows a capital letter "G", in the tailor-made font for the new logo, with segments colored red, yellow, green, and blue.
Question:
What colour are the ‘G’s’ in the regular Google logo?
Answer:
Blue
Passage:
Haleakala Volcano National Park in Maui - Hyatt
Haleakala Volcano National Park in Maui
Haleakala Volcano National Park in Maui
Haleakalā National Park
Haleakalā National Park is set on the island of Maui and covers 30,183 spectacular acres of volcanoes, forests, and coastline, of which more than 24,710 acres of the park is purely wilderness area. Originally created as part of Hawaii National Park in 1916, Haleakalā was separated from the volcanoes of Kilauea and Mauna Loa in 1961, which then became Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. Today, Haleakalā National Park is divided into the coastal Kipahulu area and the summit area formed by the volcano crater. Haleakalā means "house of the sun" in Hawaiian and refers to ancient Hawaiian folklore that tells the tale of the sun god being captured and imprisoned by the demigod Maui, who wanted the sun to take more time to cross the sky. The name of the park was changed to Haleakalā National Park by order of the Hawaiian National Park Language Correction Act of 2000, which is dedicated to restoring the traditional Hawaiian spelling of names and places. To learn more about the history of Haleakalā National Park, visit en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haleakalā_National_Park .
Haleakalā Volcano Crater
Haleakalā Crater is the main attraction at Haleakalā National Park and the park’s most famous feature. The dormant volcano last erupted in the late 1600s and today forms a spectacular crater that can be hiked into via two main trails. The Halemau'u and Sliding Sands trails will take you past cinder cones and various volcanic features and deep into the interior of the Haleakalā volcano crater, which is nearly 7 miles in diameter and more than 2,500 feet deep. An unforgettable journey, the Haleakalā Crater and volcano summit can be accessed from Hawaii state road 378 and is known for especially breathtaking views at sunrise and sunset. To learn more about seeing the volcano crater at Haleakalā National Park, visit http://www.nps.gov/hale/index.htm
Haleakalā National Park Hotel
The Hyatt Regency Maui Resort & Spa offers the ideal location for experiencing adventure on the Road to Hana. The four-star Maui resort blends elegant Hawaiian style with stylish contemporary amenities to create an unforgettable luxury beachfront Maui resort. Guests enjoy 40 acres of lush tropical playground along Ka'anapali Beach, sleekly styled guestrooms with private lanai overlooking the ocean and mountains, an award-winning spa, fitness center, four restaurants and five lounges, Son'z Maui wine cellar, Drums of the Pacific Luau entertainment, , atrium lobby, championship Kaanapali Golf Course, activity desk, Wi-Fi, gift shops, as well as on-site recreation, half-acre swimming pool surrounded by waterfalls, a lava rock grotto, a 150-foot waterslide, plus a business center and more than 100,000 sq. ft. of elegant event and wedding space.
Kipahulu Coastal Region
Kipahulu is the coastal region of Haleakalā National Park. Inaccessible from the Haleakalā summit area, visitors must drive for 12 miles along the famous Hana Highway to reach Kipahulu. Amazingly, Haleakalā National Park is home to more endangered species than any other American national park. As a volcano ecosystem, many of the flora and fauna species present have undergone unique adaptations in order to survive. To protect these precious species, many areas of the Kipahulu coast are highly restricted to visitors by car but there are miles of self-guided hiking tours, which you can receive more information about at the Kipahulu Visitor Center. Try the 4-mile Pipiwai trail, which goes through the black lava of `Ohe`o Gulch, but take care to observe weather warnings and sudden flooding. Kipahulu offers a chance to see whales, dolphins, and turtles, as well as countless forms of sea life. To learn more about Kipahulu attractions, visit www.nps.gov/hale/planyourvisit/kipahulu.htm .
Haleakala High Altitude Observatory Site
The Haleakala High Altitude Observatory site is located nearby the Haleakala visitor center. One of world’s most important scientific observation sites, the Haleakala Observatory has offered scientists clear skies and superb viewing conditions for more than 40 years. Under the management of the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy, the famed Hawaiian observatory has been the site of astrophysical experiments that would not be possible to conduct almost anywhere else on the planet. The 10,000 foot altitude places the Haleakala Observatory above the tropical inversion layer and more than one-third of the Earth’s atmosphere, which accounts for its leading reputation among ground based observatories. To learn more about the Haleakala Observatory, visit www.ifa.hawaii.edu/haleakala/
Area Activities
  Please enter date in mmm/dd/yyyy format
Rooms
Question:
On what island would you find the Haleakalā volcano?
Answer:
Island of Maui
Passage:
Best Comedy Catch Phrase Of All Time - Glasgow Guide
Glasgow Boards/Forums > Best Comedy Catch Phrase Of All Time
griff
28th Jan 2005, 10:57pm
According to a UKTV Gold survey, Little Britain's line "I'm the only gay in the village," is the best comedy catchphrase of all time.
Agree? Disagree? What do you think is the best comedy catchphrase? "Didn't they do well!", "I don't believe it!", "Just like that!" or something else?
Bill-Smith:-]
"Where's me shirt" by Jimmy Clitheroe [ not to sur of the spelling]
always made me laugh
leeninaus
29th Jan 2005, 12:01am
Griff I think the top of my list would have to be Tommy Cooper's 'just like that'! & others 'Shut that Door' or 'you'll like this..not a lot!'
what other catchphrases are still going around decades later ??  or which ones can everyone remember ?? a good thread Griff, you've got my grey matter working even before my 2nd coffee of the day
griff
29th Jan 2005, 12:07am
Or the fast, furious and fruity sayings of Jimmy's side-kick Ken Dodd, "How tickled I am!"
Catherine
Kenneth Williams...Got y'all laughing...loved that wan..
Peem
"Ring me Thingyme"
Stanley Baxter's famous words, I believe.
On Fawlty Towers, the wife would also say, "Ooh, oooh, ooooh" anytime she was on the phone with a friend.  (I'm making the sound right now, but not too sure of the spelling!)
wee sammy
What about love is blind marriage is an eyeopener
wee mags
31st Jan 2005, 01:54am
how about "When you get to my age you need twin beds one here and one in Minnesota"
leeninaus
5th Feb 2005, 12:18am
What about 'You Plonker'.....I can remember it was doing the rounds for a long time after Del boy said it to Rodney
marina
5th Feb 2005, 09:41am
del would say you dipstick as well, i couldnt sleep last night and watched an only fools dvd in bed its great i think i kept the neightbours up laughing, my favourite is the one where they hire the boat to go amsterdam to pick up diamonds and they ask directions from some guys on an oil rig "which way to olland"
leeninaus
5th Feb 2005, 04:07pm
I'd forgotten about dipstick marina! that was something my late husband called my son regularly (endearingly of course just like Del to Rodders)....  one he used on me all the time  was.. "You'll like THIS, Not A LOT!! " !! I HATE that Magician!!
Peem
Andy, " I'll give it foive " was from the wee girl on "Juke Box Jury"
TeeHeeHee
"Ring me Thingyme"
Stanley Baxter's famous words, I believe.
On Fawlty Towers, the wife would also say, "Ooh, oooh, ooooh" anytime she was on the phone with a friend.  (I'm making the sound right now, but not too sure of the spelling!)
Sybil Fawlty said " Oooooh I Knoooooooooow"..... wonderful!
Guest
23rd Jul 2012, 02:36am
One from the late and much lamented Danny Kyle, speaking to the late and very much unlamented Ronnie Gilchrist, and here I quote:
QUOTE
"I stuck up for you Ronnie. Billy said you were not fit to live with pigs and I said you were."
big tommy
I'm only here for the beer
RonD
8th Aug 2012, 12:23pm
Question:
Who's famous catch-phrase is 'How tickled I am'?
Answer:
Ken dodd
Passage:
Segundo Ruiz Belvis
Segundo Ruiz Belvis  (May 13, 1829 – November 3, 1867), was an abolitionist who also fought for Puerto Rico's right to independence.

Early years

Ruiz Belvis was born in Hormigueros, Puerto Rico (then a barrio of the municipality of Mayagüez) to José Antonio Ruiz and Manuela Belvis.  He received his primary education in Aguadilla. Ruiz Belvis went to Venezuela and graduated with a degree in philosophy from the University of Caracas. He later earned a law degree from the Central University of Madrid in Spain. During his stay in Spain, he befriended people with both liberal and reformist ideals who proposed the abolition of slavery. 

Abolitionist

In 1859, Ruiz Belvis returned to Puerto Rico and befriended Ramón Emeterio Betances, joining "The Secret Abolitionist Society" founded by Betances. The society baptized and emancipated thousands of black slave children. The event, which was known as "aguas de libertad" (waters of liberty), was carried out at the Cathedral of Mayagüez. Later, he moved to the city of Mayagüez where he established his law practice. Ruiz Belvis was named Justice of the Peace by the city's citizens. He was later appointed to the Mayagüez city council as a representative. His responsibilities included watching over the well being of the slaves in his district and the management of public funds. Ruiz Belvis became involved in politics and took up the cause of abolitionism in the island.

When Ruiz Belvis returned to Madrid in 1865, he represented the abolitionist cause to the Cortes Generales. Although his ideas were considered dangerous by the Spanish rulers for their threat to the existing order, he helped begin the movement that would eventually lead to the liberation of the slaves in the remaining Spanish Colonies in Latin America. In 1866 after his father's death, Ruiz Belvis inherited his family's hacienda Josefa after his father's death; the first thing he did was free the slaves.

Puerto Rican independence advocate

Upon returning to Puerto Rico, Ruiz Belvis found out that the Spanish-appointed governor, José María Marchesi Oleaga, did not like the liberal ideas that Ruiz Belvis and his friends had; they were all banished to exile. 

Ruiz Belvis eventually ended up in New York in 1866, where together with Betances and other patriots, he formed the "Comité Revolucionario de Puerto Rico" (Revolutionary Committee of Puerto Rico) for the independence of the island. They developed a plan to send an armed expedition to Puerto Rico, in what was to become known as the "Grito de Lares".  During this time, Ruiz Belvis became ill. He still traveled to Valparaíso, Chile, to raise funds for the planned revolution.

Ruiz Belvis died in Valparaiso of Fournier's gangrene on November 3, 1867. He died before the uprising the next year—"Grito de Lares"—which failed. Slavery was finally abolished in Puerto Rico on March 22, 1873. He is buried in the chapel of the Cemetery of Hormigueros. 

Legacy

To honor the memory of Segundo Ruiz Belvis, Puerto Rico has named many streets after him. A school has been named for him in each of the following places: his birth town of Hormigueros, Ponce,  and Santurce.  In the United States, "Segundo Ruiz Belvis Cultural Center" was named for him in Chicago, Illinois, and "Segundo Ruiz Belvis Diagnostic and Treatment Center" in The Bronx, New York.

Notes
Question:
Ramn Emeterio Betances, Segundo Ruiz Belvis and Francisco Ramrez Medina were revolutionaries who attempted to free Puerto Rico from rule by which country?
Answer:
Islands of Spain
Passage:
elGordo.com - Spanish Lottery, euromillions, primitiva ...
elGordo.com - Spanish Lottery, euromillions, primitiva, quiniela, gordo, national lottery
elGordo.com
Welcome to elGordo.comWelcome to elGordo.com. Play Spanish Lottery on the web
View amounts in: 
Why should you play with us?
Here you have some reasons to play in elGordo.com:
Because more than 150.000 customers trust in us.
Because we have customers in more than 140 countries.
Because we have experience selling lottery since 1860.
Because we are a company on the web since 1996.
Because we are to serve and help you.
For this and much more, play to the spanish lottery in elGordo.com.
Spanish Lottery on the Web, play and win with Euromillions , National Lottery , elGordo Lottery , Spanish 6/49 , Football Pool , Daily 6/49 , Sunday 5/54+1 , elNino lottery
Scams advice
If you have received a letter or email telling that you have won a huge prize in the spanish lottery continue reading, it is a scam, a lie. Do not pay anything.
Question:
In Spain, El Gordo is a?
Answer:
National lottery (disambiguation)
Passage:
FC BATE Borisov
FC BATE Borisov (,; , FK BATE Borisov) is a Belarusian football team from the city of Barysaw. They compete in the Belarusian Premier League, of which they are the reigning champions, and are the league's most successful club with 12 titles, ten consecutively. They have also won 3 Belarusian Cups and 4 Belarusian Super Cups.

BATE are the only Belarusian team to have qualified for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League (2008–09, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2014–15 and 2015–16) and one of two to qualify for the group stage of the UEFA Europa League (2009–10 and 2010–11) along with Dinamo Minsk.

Their home stadium is Borisov Arena, which was opened in 2014. 

History 

BATE is an acronym of Borisov Automobile and Tractor Electronics. The team was founded in 1973 and managed to win Belarusian SSR league three times (1974, 1976 and 1979) before being disbanded in 1984. The club was re-established in 1996. Since then, BATE have won the Belarusian Premier League eleven times and competed in UEFA competitions. 

In 2001, BATE reached the first round of the UEFA Cup, their first appearance in the competition beyond the qualifying rounds. 2008 saw BATE becoming the first Belarusian team to qualify for the group stages of the UEFA Champions League. 
As of 2015, BATE have played five times in UEFA Champions League group stage, as well as twice in UEFA Europa League group stage, also reaching the knock-out phase of the latter competition in 2010–11 and 2012–13 seasons.

Notable former players of BATE include Alexander Hleb (Stuttgart, Arsenal, Barcelona, and Birmingham City) he has since returned to the club and currently plays for them, Vitali Kutuzov (Milan, Sporting CP, Avellino, Sampdoria, Parma, Pisa, and Bari) and Yuri Zhevnov (FC Moscow, and Zenit St. Petersburg). Having started their professional careers with BATE, all are also now members of the Belarus national team. 

BATE won their tenth consecutive league title in 2015, with four games remaining. 

Supporters 

BATE Borisov is one of the most popular football teams in Belarus. BATE Borisov fans developed a rivalry with the fans of Dinamo Minsk and a friendship with fans of Polish club Piast Gliwice since 2011. 

Current squad 

Honours 

* Belarusian Premier League
** Winners (12): 1999, 2002, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015
** Runners-up (4): 1998, 2000, 2003, 2004
** 3rd place: 2001
* Belarusian Cup
** Winners (3): 2006, 2010, 2015
** Runners-up (3): 2002, 2005, 2007
* Belarusian Super Cup
** Winners (6): 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
** Runners-up: 2012
* Belarusian Second League
** Winners: 1996
* Belarusian Soviet era champions
** Winners (3): 1974, 1976, 1979

League and Cup history 

*1 Including play-off (1–0 win) for the 1st place against Neman Grodno, as both teams finished with equal points.

European record 

Notable players 

Had international caps for their respective countries. Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for BATE.

;Belarus
* Maksim Bardachov
* Gennadi Bliznyuk
* Renan Bressan
* Vital Bulyga
* Egor Filipenko
* Alexander Hleb
* Artem Kontsevoy
* Sergey Krivets
* Vitali Kutuzov
* Yawhen Lashankow
* Dzmitry Likhtarovich
* Dmitry Molosh
* Dzmitry Mazalewski
* Pavel Nyakhaychyk
* Dzyanis Palyakow
* Alyaksandr Pawlaw
* Artsyom Radzkow
* Vitali Rodionov

* Filip Rudzik
* Mikalay Ryndzyuk
* Igor Shitov
* Mikhail Sivakov
* Vadim Skripchenko
* Ihar Stasevich
* Oleg Strakhanovich
* Valery Strypeykis
* Alyaksandr Valadzko
* Raman Vasilyuk
* Syarhey Vyeramko
* Alyaksandr Yurevich
* Maksim Zhavnerchik
* Yuri Zhevnov

;Europe
* Zaven Badoyan
* Hovhannes Goharyan
* Kaspars Dubra
* Marko Simić
* Mateja Kežman
* Filip Mladenović
* Nemanja Tubić

Managers 

*  Leu Mazurkevich (1973–1981)
*  Yuri Puntus (March 1, 1996 – November 30, 2004)
*  Igor Kriushenko (January 1, 2005 – November 12, 2007)
*  Viktor Goncharenko (November 13, 2007 – October 12, 2013)
*  Alyaksandr Yermakovich (October 12, 2013– present)
Question:
The football club BATE Borisov made their debut in the European Champions League this season, in which country do they play?
Answer:
Vitryssland
