Passage:
Scarabaeidae
The family Scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide, often called scarabs or scarab beetles. The classification of this family is fairly unstable, with numerous competing theories, and new proposals appearing quite often. Many of the subfamilies listed here probably will not be recognized very much longer, as they will likely be reduced in status below subfamily rank, or elevated to family status (the latter is most likely, e.g., with the family "Melolonthidae" already appearing in some recent classifications). Other families have been removed recently, and are nearly universally accepted (e.g., Pleocomidae, Glaresidae, Glaphyridae, Ochodaeidae, Geotrupidae, and Bolboceratidae).

Scarabs 

Scarabs are stout-bodied beetles, many with bright metallic colours, measuring between 1.5 and 160 mm. They have distinctive, clubbed antennae composed of plates called lamellae that can be compressed into a ball or fanned out like leaves to sense odours. The front legs of many species are broad and adapted for digging.

The C-shaped larvae, called grubs, are pale yellow or white. Most adult beetles are nocturnal, although the flower chafers (Cetoniinae) and many leaf chafers (Rutelinae) are active during the day. The grubs mostly live underground or under debris, so are not exposed to sunlight. Many scarabs are scavengers that recycle dung, carrion, or decaying plant material. Others, such as the Japanese beetle, are devastating agricultural pests.

Some of the well-known beetles from the Scarabaeidae are Japanese beetles, dung beetles, June beetles, rose chafers (Australian, European, and North American), rhinoceros beetles, Hercules beetles and Goliath beetles.

Several members of this family have structurally coloured shells which act as left-handed circular polarisers; this was the first-discovered example of circular polarization in nature. 

Ancient Egypt 

In Ancient Egypt, the dung beetle now known as Scarabaeus sacer (formerly Ateuchus sacer) was revered as sacred.

In his 1859 book On the Origin of Species, Charles Darwin described the genus Ateuchus as the "sacred beetle of the Egyptians."
Question:
A scarab beetle is also known as what?
Answer:
Onthophagus nigriventris
Passage:
Turkey's lakes - All About Turkey
Turkey's lakes - All About Turkey
Home > Tourist Info > Turkey's lakes
Lakes and Reservoirs in Turkey
Turkey is a rich country for its fresh water sources, there are many rivers , lakes, lagoons and reservoirs around the country. Especially the Eastern Anatolian region and the north of the Taurus mountains in the Mediterranean region , also known as the "Lakes Region", are very rich for their lakes. The largest natural lake in Turkey is Lake Van , located between Van and Bitlis provinces in the east.
Most of the lakes in Turkey are fresh water lakes, but few of them have bitter waters or salty waters. The biggest salt lake is Lake Tuz , which literally means "Salt Lake" in Turkish language . Tuz Lake and other salty lakes such as Karapinar and Palas are the main centers of salt production in Turkey .
There are also several crater lakes formed by the collection of water in the crater of an ancient volcano, the Nemrut Lake in Bitlis being the biggest example of this. Although it's small in size, another famous crater lake in Turkey is Meke Lake, located at Karapinar in Konya province. There are also Karagöl (Black Lake) crater lake on Yamanlar mountain in Izmir and Gölcük crater lake in Isparta .
Lately, as a result of global warming, some of the lakes in Turkey are diminuishing in size and especially smaller lakes are endangered.
Below you can see a list of the natural and artificial (dam) lakes in Turkey .
Natural lakes
Question:
In which country is the ‘Van’ a large Salt Lake?
Answer:
Turkey
Passage:
Manche
Manche is a French department in Normandy (Normandie), named for the English Channel, which is known as La Manche, literally "the sleeve", in French, that borders its north and west shores and part of its east shore.

History 

Manche is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790. It was created from part of the province of Normandie.

The first capital was Coutances until 1796, and it resumed that role after World War II because of the almost complete destruction of Saint-Lô during the battle of Normandy following D-Day. When Saint-Lô was rebuilt, it again became the capital.

Geography 

The Department includes the Cotentin Peninsula down to the famous Mont St Michel; though of the off-shore Channel Islands only Chausey forms part of the territory of the department.

Manche borders the Normandy departments of Calvados to the east and Orne to the southeast. Mayenne, a department of the Pays de la Loire, is to the south-east, and Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany is to the south-west.

The region is lush and green with sandy beaches, remaining very rural and farming oriented. The peninsula was originally joined as a single land mass to Cornwall and Dorset in England, meaning that their countrysides are very similar. Flat marsh areas are known for their bird watching. The region and around St Lo is the horse capital of France, where the cooler climate compared to the south is ideal for breeding and training.

France's first EPR reactor is near completion at Cherbourg and the TGV fast trains are planned for Paris to Caen and Cherbourg for 2020.

Climate 

The climate is oceanic, with relatively mild winters temperatures can go below zero for a few days occasionally. Temperate summers, around 20 °C, can occasionally reach 35 °C in direct sun light. Precipitation is substantial, and varies greatly by region, between 700mm on the coast and 1300mm in the southern central area. Highly localised, not life-threatening flash flooding has been experienced over the last few years in the spring period.

The west coast benefits from the Gulf stream's influence, allowing the naturalization of many Mediterranean and exotic plants (mimosas, palms, agaves...).

There is often a sea breeze on the coast, which combined with tides contributes to quick temperature changes over a single day. Sea temperatures can be very pleasant for swimming between July and October.

Demographics 

Inhabitants of the department are called Manchots or Manchois.

Sports

* Football: main clubs: AS Cherbourg, US Avranches, Saint-Lô, Granville, Villedieu, UST Équeurdreville-Hainneville...
* Cycling: the Tour de France has visited the department 21 times with stages ending at Cherbourg (16), Avranches (2), Granville (1), Saint-Hilaire-du-Harcouët (1), and the Mont Saint-Michel (1).
* Sailing: the Solitaire du Figaro has come to Cherbourg several times.
* Thai boxing: Villedieu-les-Poêles
* Badminton: Two local clubs compete in the national championship (N3): St Hilaire du Harcouet and Hainneville.
* Golf: course: Granville, Bréhal, Coutainville, Cherbourg, Centre Manche, Fontenay, Côte des Isles

Tourism

File:MontStMichel.jpg|Mont-Saint-Michel
File:Sound de chausey par mauvais temps.JPG|Chausey islands
File:Coutances vue nord.jpg|Coutances Cathedral
File:Tour Vauban, Tatihou, Saint Vaast La Hougue 01.jpg|Tour Vauban in Tatihou
File:Napoleon a Cherbourg bordercropped.jpg|Napoleon's statue in Cherbourg
Image:Le Redoutable.jpg|Le Redoutable submarine at the Cité de la Mer
File:Utah Beach 2006-Sherman.jpg|A vestige of the Normandy landings in Utah Beach
Question:
The French call it La Manche. What do the English call it?
Answer:
La Manche
Passage:
English ship Ark Royal (1587)
Ark RoyalThe HMS prefix was not used until the middle of the eighteenth century, but is sometimes applied retrospectively. was an English galleon, originally ordered for Sir Walter Raleigh and later purchased by the crown for service in the Tudor navy. She was used as the English flagship in a number of engagements, including the battles that resulted in the defeat of the Spanish Armada, and had a long career spanning over 50 years. Her fame led to a number of later warships of the Royal Navy being named Ark Royal in her honour, including a number of flagships of the fleet.

Construction and early years

Ark Royal was originally built to order by the shipbuilder R. Chapman, of Deptford for Sir Walter Raleigh who was approximately 32 years of age at the time. The ship was to be called Ark, which became Ark Raleigh, following the convention at the time where the ship bore the name of her owner. The Crown, in the form of Queen Elizabeth I, purchased the ship from Raleigh in January 1587, for the sum of £5,000 (although this took the form of a reduction in the sum Sir Walter owed the queen: he received Exchequer tallies, but no money).  Her new commander, Lord High Admiral of England Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Nottingham, known as Lord Howard of Effingham, described the sum as "money well given".  She was henceforth to be known as Ark Royal. As built, she had two gun decks, a double forecastle, a quarter deck and a poop deck right aft. She was an effective warship, but tended to roll heavily, to the discomfort of the embarked soldiers unused to the motion.

Career

Her first action came in 1588 during the attack of the Spanish Armada, when Ark Royal, as one of the largest vessels in the English fleet, was the flagship of Lord High Admiral Howard. After the initial defeat of the Armada, Ark Royal led the chase of the fleeing ships into the North Sea and beyond the Firth of Forth. She was also used as Howard's flagship during the 1596 raid on Cádiz, which resulted in the destruction of much of the Spanish fleet at harbour. Ark Royal was the flagship once more during 1599 when a Spanish invasion again threatened.

On the accession of James VI and I to the English throne, Ark Royal was renamed Anne Royal, after his consort, Anne of Denmark. She was then rebuilt at Woolwich Dockyard in 1608 by Phineas Pett I as a 42-gun royal ship. Under her new name, she was the flagship of Lord Wimbledon in the 1625 raid on Cádiz which ended in disaster due to inadequate preparation.

Loss

She remained in service until April 1636, when she was being moved from the River Medway to serve as the flagship of Sir John Penington. While anchored in shallow water, she struck her own anchor  and stove in her timbers, sinking in the river.  She was raised at a cost greater than her original purchase price, but was found to be damaged beyond repair, and subsequently broken up in 1638.

Notes
Question:
What was the name of the flagship of the English Commander, Lord Howard of Effingham, which faced the Spanish Armada?
Answer:
Hms Ark Royal
Passage:
Klondike, Yukon
The Klondike is a region of Yukon in northwest Canada, east of the Alaskan border. It lies around the Klondike River, a small river that enters the Yukon River from the east at Dawson City.

The Klondike is famed because of the Klondike Gold Rush, which started in 1897 and lasted until 1899. Gold has been mined continuously in that area except for a hiatus in the late 1960s and early 1970s.

The name "Klondike" evolved from the Hän word Tr'ondëk, which means "hammerstone water". Early gold seekers found it difficult to pronounce the First Nations word, so "Klondike" was the result of this poor pronunciation.

Climate

The climate is exceedingly severe — very hot and dry in the short summer, and extremely cold during the long winter.  For seven months of the year, intense cold prevails, varied by furious snow storms which begin in September and occur at intervals until May. By October 20, ice is formed over all the rivers. The ground for the better part of the year is frozen to the depth of 1 to. 

In popular culture

*The Klondyke march and two step with music by Oscar Telgmann was published in Kingston, Ontario by the Music Emporium, c. 1897. 
*Jack London's novel The Call of the Wild was published in 1903.
*Klondike was a TV series aired by NBC in 1960-61.
*The Discovery Channel aired the six-episode Klondike miniseries in 2014.
*An Klondike was a TV series created and aired by the Irish-language TG4 in 2015.
*Klondike is a brand name for a dessert generally consisting of a vanilla ice cream square coated with a thin layer of chocolate, often known as a Klondike bar.
Question:
What was discovered in Klondike, Canada, in 1896?
Answer:
Gold compound
Passage:
Beavers, Beaver Pictures, Beaver Facts - National Geographic
Beavers, Beaver Pictures, Beaver Facts - National Geographic
Size relative to a 6-ft (2-m) man
Please add a "relative" entry to your dictionary.
Beavers are famously busy, and they turn their talents to reengineering the landscape as few other animals can. When sites are available, beavers burrow in the banks of rivers and lakes. But they also transform less suitable habitats by building dams. Felling and gnawing trees with their strong teeth and powerful jaws, they create massive log, branch, and mud structures to block streams and turn fields and forests into the large ponds that beavers love.
Domelike beaver homes, called lodges, are also constructed of branches and mud. They are often strategically located in the middle of ponds and can only be reached by underwater entrances. These dwellings are home to extended families of monogamous parents, young kits, and the yearlings born the previous spring.
Beavers are among the largest of rodents. They are herbivores and prefer to eat leaves, bark, twigs, roots, and aquatic plants.
These large rodents move with an ungainly waddle on land but are graceful in the water, where they use their large, webbed rear feet like swimming fins, and their paddle-shaped tails like rudders. These attributes allow beavers to swim at speeds of up to five miles (eight kilometers) an hour. They can remain underwater for 15 minutes without surfacing, and have a set of transparent eyelids that function much like goggles. Their fur is naturally oily and waterproof.
There are two species of beavers, which are found in the forests of North America, Europe, and Asia. These animals are active all winter, swimming and foraging in their ponds even when a layer of ice covers the surface.
Question:
"What name is given to the ""house"" constructed by beavers?"
Answer:
Lodge
Passage:
Tail
The tail is the section at the rear end of an animal's body; in general, the term refers to a distinct, flexible appendage to the torso. It is the part of the body that corresponds roughly to the sacrum and coccyx in mammals, reptiles, and birds. While tails are primarily a feature of vertebrates, some invertebrates including scorpions and springtails, as well as snails and slugs, have tail-like appendages that are sometimes referred to as tails. Tailed objects are sometimes referred to as "caudate" and the part of the body associated with or proximal to the tail are given the adjective "caudal".

Function

Animal tails are used in a variety of ways. They provide a source of locomotion for fish and some other forms of marine life.  Many land animals use their tails to brush away flies and other biting insects.  Some species, including cats and kangaroos, use their tails for balance;   and some, such as New World monkeys and opossums, have what are known as prehensile tails, which are adapted to allow them to grasp tree branches. 

Tails are also used for social signaling. Some deer species flash the white underside of their tails to warn other nearby deer of possible danger,  beavers slap the water with their tails to indicate danger,  and canids (including domestic dogs) indicate emotions through the positioning and movement of their tails.  Some species' tails are armored, and some, such as those of scorpions, contain venom. 

Some species of lizard can detach ("cast") their tails from their bodies.  This can help them to escape predators, which are either distracted by the wriggling, detached tail or left with only the tail while the lizard flees. Tails cast in this manner generally grow back over time, though the replacement is typically darker in colour than the original. 

Most birds' tails end in long feathers called rectrices. These feathers are used as a rudder, helping the bird steer and maneuver in flight;  they also help the bird to balance while it is perched.   In some species—such as birds of paradise, lyrebirds, and most notably peafowl—modified tail feathers play an important role in courtship displays.   The extra-stiff tail feathers of other species, including woodpeckers and woodcreepers, allow them to brace themselves firmly against tree trunks. 

The tails of grazing animals, such as horses, are used both to sweep away insects and positioned or moved in ways that indicate the animal's physical or emotional state. 

Human tails

Human embryos have a tail that measures about one-sixth of the size of the embryo itself.  As the embryo develops into a fetus, the tail is absorbed by the growing body. Infrequently, a child is born with a ’"soft tail", which contains no vertebrae, but only blood vessels, muscles, and nerves, but this is regarded as an abnormality rather than a vestigial true tail, even when such an appendage is located where the tail would be expected.  

Humans have a "tail bone" (the coccyx) attached to the pelvis, formed of fused vertebrae, usually four, at the bottom of the vertebral column. It does not protrude externally.

Gallery

File:Scorpion tail.jpg|Scorpion
File:Pig tail DSC03974.jpg|Pig (Sus domestica)
File:Queue glyptodon museum dijo.jpg|Glyptodon (Glyptodon asper)
File:Lactoria cornuta (cola).006 - Aquarium Finisterrae.JPG|Longhorn cowfish (Lactoria cornuta)
File:La Palmyre 041-crop.jpg|Grévy's zebra (Equus grevyi)
File:Alligator Tail.jpg|American alligator (Alligator mississipiensis)
File:Flusspferd Backstage.JPG|Hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius)
Question:
What word is used for the tail of a rabbit, hare or deer?
Answer:
Scut
Passage:
Citypages September 2015 by CityPages Kuwait (page 174 ...
Citypages September 2015 by CityPages Kuwait  (page 174) - issuu
issuu
HOMEWORK FOR GROWN UPS EVERYTHING YOU LEARNED AT SCHOOL... BUT CAN YOU REMEMBER? General Knowledge Quiz
Test Your Vocabulary
1. What 'Renaissance' concept was the best selling children's toy/TV franchise globally
Sabotage itself now carried a minimum penalty of five years without parole and a maximum of death.
Stick; Whip; Carrot; or Buck? 3. The Canadian 1972-founded global Aldo corporation specialises in: Babywear; Footwear; Kitchenware; or Budget groceries? 4. The adjective 'moot' describing an issue/standpoint means: Hidden; Debatable; Stupid; or Insulting? 5. What French port became an increasingly tense bottleneck/encampment for refugees seeking to reach the UK in the 2010s? 6. A Gaelic sliotar/sliothar features in several field sports as a type of: Ball; Racket; Rifle; or Headguard? 7. Which nation acquired sovereignty of Carribean archipelago Puerto Rico in 1898,
In this sentence, maximum means: 1. the physical property of being stiff and resisting bending 2. the trait of being rude and impertinent 3. the quality of being particular rather than general 4. the greatest possible degree
ANSWER: 4. Both a noun and an adjective, maximum takes it to the max: it means the most, the fastest, the biggest.
2. The popular motivation choice analogy refers to which two of these: Gun; Apple;
"The most you can have is the maximum": that's the noun. In "the maximum amount is the most you can have," it's used as an adjective. You might be familiar with the shortened version of the word: the "max." If you take something "to the max," you're doing as much of it as possible. You take it to the limit. You take it to the maximum.
in 1990?
ongoing as its territory to 2010s: Brazil; USA; UK; or Spain? 8. What Anglicized French term for a comedy and food stuffing (breadcrumbs/herbs, etc), was originally an allusion to jocular material 'stuffed' into serious religious plays? 9. The Japanese cartoon character devised in 1974 worth over $5bn as a TV/fashion franchise is 'Hello (What?)': Doggy; Puppy; Kitty; or Chicky? 10. Which nation's Supreme Court legalized same sex marriage in June 2015: USA;
LINE ALIGNMENT Which of the right line segments is aligned with the left one?
China; Russia; or India? 11. What famous ship is also a reward, especially for capturing someone/something dangerous? 12. The seahorse (Hippocampus) is technically a Fish; Mollusc; Reptile; or Plant? 13. What significant event in Europe in July 2015 entailed the selection of NAI or OXI? Bonus points: what do NAI and OXI each mean? 14. The Bodleian, George Peabody, Congress, and Vatican are famous: Libraries; Brandies; Stretch limousines; or Berlin nightclubs? ANSWER: The upper one. This is the Poggendorff illusion.
15. Which popular (2015) online brand's logo is three parallel black arcs inside a green disc? 16. The 1956 fictional movie of the discovery of rock'n'roll featuring Bill Haley and the Comets is Rock Around the (What?): Block; Dock; Clock; or Loch? 17. The 'puri/poori/puree' in the Indian dish 'prawn puri' refers to what aspect:
JUMBLED WORDS D U R  P O
Sauce; Spice; Bread; or Sugar? 18. Spell the Iraqi capital city: Baghdad; Bagdhad; Bahgdad; or Bhagdad? 19. In the iconic 1962 western film, the fictional character Liberty Valance features in the story/title as the man who is: President; Shot; Blind; or Drunk? 20. What travels at 270,000mph, is hotter than the sun, and kills over 20,000 people every year?
M E G  I  R C  I  N T  E  E H U  K  Y  C N
18.Baghdad, 19.Shot (the film is 'The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance'), 20.Lightning
T  E  R X  V O
(respectively in Oxford, Baltimore, Washington DC, Vatican City), 15.Spotify, 16.Clock, 17.Bread (puri is unleavened deep-fried bread), and No (OXI was the majority result, ie., Greek refusal to accept the EU conditions for ongoing EU financial support/'bailout'), 14.Libraries farcir, to stuff), 9.Kitty, 10.USA, 11.Bounty (as in mutiny on the Bounty, Fletcher Christian and Captain Bligh, etc., 1789), 12.Fish, 13.Yes meeting or debating assembly, from earlier German, similar to the origins of 'meet'), 5.Calais, 6.Ball (notably in Hurling), 7.USA, 8.Farce (from
ANSWERS: PROUD, GRIME, ENTICE, CHUNKY, VORTEX
Stick, 3.Footwear, 4.Debatable (also the verb 'to moot' means to raise or suggest [a point/issue] - moot derives from old English 'mot', a ANSWERS: 1.Teeange Mutant Ninja Turtles (their Renaissance artists' names: Leonardo, Michelangelo, Raphael, Donatello), 2. Carrot and
citypageskuwait.com
Question:
What Anglicized French term for a comedy and food stuffing (breadcrumbs/herbs, etc), was originally an allusion to jocular material 'stuffed' into serious religious plays?
Answer:
Farceur
Passage:
Secret Garden (duo)
Secret Garden is a Irish-Norwegian band specialized in new instrumental music, led by the duo consisting of Irish violinist and singer Fionnuala Sherry and Norwegian composer, arranger and pianist Rolf Løvland.

The group has sold over 3 million albums since having won the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest, representing Norway with the composition "Nocturne".

History

Eurovision Song Contest

The group won the Eurovision Melody Grand Prix Contest for Norway's second time in 1995 with the composition "Nocturne". It was the only time to date that a predominantly instrumental piece has won the Eurovision Song Contest, although a few Norwegian lyrics, written by screenwriter Petter Skavlan, were included to ensure that the entry adhered to the contest's rules. Norwegian singer Gunnhild Tvinnereim sang the song in the Eurovision Song Contest and Swedish nyckelharpist Åsa Jinder also guested on the occasion, although neither is a regular member of the group. Ten years earlier, Rolf Løvland had been co-writer of the song "La det swinge" (Let it swing) that secured Norway its first Eurovision Song Contest victory in 1985. 

Songs from a Secret Garden

Their success at Eurovision spearheaded the success of their first album Songs from a Secret Garden. It sold a million copies around the world going platinum in Norway and Korea, gold in Ireland, Hong Kong and New Zealand and spending two years in the Billboard new-age charts in 1996 and 1997. Barbra Streisand adapted "Heartstrings" from this album as the song "I've Dreamed of You" on her A Love Like Ours album. She also used "Heartstrings" in her wedding to James Brolin.

White Stones

The album White Stones followed in 1997 also making the top ten on Billboard New Age charts. Dawn of a New Century, again with lyrics by Norway's Petter Skavlan, in 1999, Dreamcatcher in 2001 and Once in a Red Moon also enjoyed success around the world including reaching top ten on the Billboard.

Their most famous song "You Raise Me Up", performed by Brian Kennedy, has been recorded by more than a hundred other artists including Josh Groban, Russell Watson, Westlife, Sissel Kyrkjebø, Becky Taylor, Celtic Woman, Lena Park, Robert Tremlett, Il Divo, Rhydian, and Sergio Dalma.

Secret Garden has released a Dreamcatcher: Best Of album for its tour through Australia and New Zealand in 2004. It reached the top of the Australian New Age charts and the ARIA top 50 album charts.

Their piece "Adagio", with a cor anglais solo, was used in the Wong Kar-wai film 2046 released in 2004. 

In 2010, Fionnuala Sherry released her solo debut entitled Songs From Before.

Autobiographical book 

Secret Garden published a book written by Rolf Løvland with Fionnuala Sherry as co-writer entitled "You Raise Me Up" - The story of Secret Garden" in 2015. The book tells their story from the inside - their triumphs as well as the trials and tribulations they've endured along two decades.

Discography 

Studio albums

Live albums

Compilation albums
Question:
In 1995 the group 'Secret Garden' won the Eurovision Song Contest with 'Nocturne'. Which country did they represent?
Answer:
Norvège
Passage:
As Time Goes By (song)
"As Time Goes By" is a song written by Herman Hupfeld in 1931. It became most famous in 1942 when part of it was sung by the character Sam (Dooley Wilson) in the movie Casablanca. The song was voted No. 2 on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs special, commemorating the best songs in film.  The song has since become the representative song of Warner Bros. and was also the title and theme song of the 1990s British comedy series As Time Goes By.

History

Herman Hupfeld wrote "As Time Goes By" for the 1931 Broadway musical Everybody's Welcome. In the original show, it was sung by Frances Williams. It was recorded that year by several artists, it was sung by Rudy Vallée and Binnie Hale, and orchestra recordings were made by Jacques Renard and Fred Rich.  In terms of popularity at the time, it was a modest hit.  Elisabeth Welch included it in her cabaret act as soon as it was released. 

The song was re-introduced in 1942 in the film Casablanca. It was sung by "Sam" (Dooley Wilson); "Sam"'s piano accompaniment was played by pianist Elliot Carpenter. The song is heard throughout the film as a leitmotif.  Wilson was unable to record his version of the song at the time due to the 1942–44 musicians' strike. So Brunswick reissued the Jacques Renard 1931 recording, and Victor re-issued Vallée's 1931 recording, giving Vallée a number one hit in 1942.

The AFI  listed it among its "top 100" movie songs. National Public Radio included it in its NPR 100, a 1999 list of the most important American musical works of the 20th century as compiled by NPR's music editors.

Hupfeld lived his whole life in Montclair, New Jersey, and was a regular customer at the Robin Hood Inn, a tavern built in 1922 on Valley Road, then part of Upper Montclair. Hupfeld spent many hours at the piano and wrote several of his songs in this tavern, now the Valley Regency. A plaque on the second floor of the Valley Regency Catering Facility in Clifton, New Jersey, commemorates the song.

Omitted reference to Einstein

In Casablanca, Wilson sings the song as written ("You must remember this..."), but does not sing the Prelude ("This day and age we're living in..."). The omitted lines refer to Albert Einstein.   

Versions

The song has been performed by many artists. Notable versions include:
*Louis Armstrong and his Orchestra (recorded ca. 1943).  It appears on the collection "The Best of Louis Armstrong" (Vol. 2, Track 5).
*Frank Sinatra on his album Point of No Return (1962).
*Jimmy Durante on his album Jimmy Durante's Way of Life... (1965). This rendition was later included on the soundtrack of Sleepless in Seattle.
*Harry Nilsson on his album A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night (1973).
* Gloria Gaynor in a medley with "The Hands Of Time" (1977).
*The Love Unlimited Orchestra on their Super Movie Themes: Just a Little Bit Different (1979). 
* The Real Group on their album Debut (1987).
*Mina on his album Uiallalla (1989).
*Engelbert Humperdinck on his album As Time Goes By (1997).
*Neil Diamond on his album "The Movie Album: As Time Goes By" (1998).
*Bryan Ferry on his album "As Time Goes By" (1999)
* ZZ Top in Mescalero (2003)
*Minami Takayama in Love Live! The School Idol Movie (2015)

Composition

The original song in the film as sung and played by "Sam" was recorded in D-flat major, but it has since been played in several keys, commonly C major, but also B-flat major, as in Frank Sinatra's recording, and others keys included including A major and E-flat major.

Trivia

*It inspired the title of the first memoir of Beatles publicist Derek Taylor (published by Sphere Books in 1973). 
*It is the source of the title of the 1990s British comedy series As Time Goes By; a recording by Joe Fagin is the show's theme song.
*Warner Bros., the studio that produced Casablanca, has included the chorus to the song in the opening logo to its films since the 1999 release of Message in a Bottle, when it celebrated its 75th anniversary. A shorter version was later added to the closing logo for productions of Warner Bros. Television.
Question:
Who played Sam the piano player and sang As Time Goes By in the film Casablanca
Answer:
Arthur %22Dooley%22 Wilson
Passage:
Snake River Canyon (Idaho)
Snake River Canyon is a large canyon formed by the Snake River in the Magic Valley region of southern Idaho, forming part of the boundary between Twin Falls County to the south and Jerome County to the north.

The canyon ranges up to 500 feet (150 meters) deep and 0.25 miles (0.4 kilometers) wide, and runs for just over 50 miles. 
Perrine Bridge crosses the canyon immediately north of the city of Twin Falls. 
Shoshone Falls is located approximately 5 miles (8 kilometers) east of Perrine Bridge along the canyon.

History 

In the late 19th century I. B. Perrine and others founded the Magic Valley's first successful agricultural operations on the Snake River Canyon floor. The canyon's value as a farming area diminished after irrigation projects made agriculture practical in the surrounding areas in the early 20th Century. Today the canyon floor is a tourist attraction and features several parks and golf courses.

In the past it was generally believed the Snake River Canyon was created by a cataclysmic flood caused by water released from Lake Bonneville approximately 15,000 years ago.  However, as of 2000, geologists believe that while the canyon was shaped by the flood, its basic structure predated it. 

Local fame 

The canyon is well known as the site of an unsuccessful 1974 attempt by Evel Knievel to jump across it in the Skycycle X-2 rocket.  The dirt ramp built for that jump is still there and remains a tourist attraction.
Question:
Who tried to jump over Snake River Canyon in a rocket-powered motorcycle?
Answer:
Evel Kneavel
Passage:
Titi
The titis, or titi monkeys, are the New World monkeys of the genus Callicebus.  They are the only extant members of the subfamily Callicebinae, which also contains the extinct genera Xenothrix, Antillothrix, Paralouatta, Carlocebus, Lagonimico, and possibly also Tremacebus.

Titis live in South America, from Colombia to Brazil, Bolivia, Peru and north Paraguay.

Depending on species, titis have a head and body length of 23 -, and a tail, which is longer than the head and body, of 26 -. The different titi species vary substantially in coloring, but resemble each other in most other physical ways. They have long, soft fur, and it is usually reddish, brownish, grayish or blackish, and in most species the underside is lighter or more rufescent than the upperside. Some species have contrasting blackish or whitish foreheads, while all members of the subgenus Torquatus have a white half-collar. The tail is always furry and is not prehensile.

Diurnal and arboreal, titis predominantly prefer dense forests near water. They easily jump from branch to branch, earning them their German name, Springaffen (jumping monkeys). They sleep at night, but can also take a midday nap.

Titis are territorial. They live in family groups that consist of parents and their offspring, about two to seven animals in total. They defend their territory by shouting and chasing off intruders, but rarely engage in actual fighting. Their grooming and communication is important for the co-operation of the group. They can typically be seen in pairs sitting or sleeping with tails entwined.

The diet of the titis consists mainly of fruits, although they also eat leaves, flowers, insects, bird eggs and small vertebrates.Nowak, R. M. (1999). Walker's Mammals of the World. 6th edition. The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore. ISBN 0-8018-5789-9

Titis are monogamous, mating for life. The female bears a single young after about a five-month gestation. Twins occur rarely, having been documented in only 1.4% of all births in captive groups of C. moloch. While the second infant usually does not survive, cases where neighbouring groups have adopted infants are known, suggesting that twins may be reared successfully under certain circumstances.  Often it is the father who cares for the young, carrying it and bringing it to the mother only for nursing. The young are weaned after 5 months and are fully grown after two years. After three or more years, they leave their family group in order to find a mate. While the life expectancy of most species is unclear, the members of the subgenus Torquatus may live for up to 12 years in the wild,Rowe, Noel (1996). The Pictorial Guide to Living Primates. Pogonias Press, Charlestown. ISBN 0-9648825-1-5 while members of the C. moloch group have been known to live for more than 25 years in captivity.

Classification 

The number of known species of titis has doubled in recent years, with four, C. stephennashi, C. bernhardi, C. caquetensis, and C. aureipalatii, being described from the Amazon basin since 2000. Furthermore, the most recent review uses the phylogenetic species concept (thereby not recognizing the concept of subspecies) rather than the 'traditional' biological species concept. The classification presented here is therefore very different from the classifications used twenty years ago. The naming rights to a recently discovered species, based on appearance part of the C. cupreus group, were auctioned off (with the funds going to a nonprofit organization), and the winner was the online casino GoldenPalace.com, as reflected in both the common and scientific name of C. aureipalatii.  While this typically is a highly unusual event in scientific classification, the possibility of naming a species of titi in exchange for a sizable donation to a nonprofit foundation was also presented a few years before, resulting in C. bernhardi being named after Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands. 

* Subfamily Callicebinae
** Genus Callicebus
*** Subgenus Callicebus
**** C. donacophilus group
***** White-eared titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) donacophilus
***** Rio Beni titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) modestus
***** Rio Mayo titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) oenanthe
***** Ollala brothers' titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) olallae
***** White-coated titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) pallescens
**** C. moloch group
***** Baptista Lake titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) baptista
***** Prince Bernhard's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) bernhardi
***** Brown titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) brunneus
***** Ashy black titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) cinerascens
***** Hoffmanns's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) hoffmannsi
***** Milton's titi, Callicebus miltoni  
***** Red-bellied titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) moloch
***** Urubamba brown titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) urubambensis
***** Vieira's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) vieirai
**** C. personatus group
***** Barbara Brown's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) barbarabrownae
***** Coimbra Filho's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) coimbrai
***** Coastal black-handed titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) melanochir
***** Black-fronted titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) nigrifrons
***** Atlantic titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) personatus
**** C. cupreus group
***** Madidi titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) aureipalatii
***** Chestnut-bellied titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) caligatus
***** Caquetá titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) caquetensis
***** Coppery titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) cupreus
***** White-tailed titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) discolor
***** Hershkovitz's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) dubius
***** Ornate titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) ornatus
***** Stephen Nash's titi, Callicebus (Callicebus) stephennashi
*** Subgenus Torquatus
**** Lucifer titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) lucifer
**** Black titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) lugens
**** Colombian black-handed titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) medemi
**** Rio Purus titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) purinus
**** Red-headed titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) regulus
**** Collared titi, Callicebus (Torquatus) torquatus
Question:
A titi is what type of animal?
Answer:
Monkey
Passage:
No. 5, 1948
No. 5, 1948 is a painting by Jackson Pollock, an American painter known for his contributions to the abstract expressionist movement.

Composition

The painting was created on fibreboard, also known as composition board, measuring 8’ x 4’. For the paint, Pollock chose to use liquid paints.  More specifically, they were synthetic resin paints (gloss enamel)  but are referred to as oil paints for classification of the work. On inspection it was grey, brown, white and yellow paint drizzled in a way that many people still perceive as a "dense bird’s nest".  Initial reactions to the work by the uninitiated were underwhelming:

Damage and rework

The painting has been changed by Pollock since it was originally created. During January 1949, it was being shown in a solo Pollock show at the Betty Parsons gallery. It was from here that Alfonso A. Ossorio decided to purchase a "paint drip" composition; he chose No.5, 1948 and paid $1,500. It was the only canvas sold from the show. At some point, presumably during the moving process, the painting became damaged according to Grace Hartigan.  The shipping company "Home Sweet Home came in with a painting in one hand and a lump of paint from the center of the painting in the other hand". Hartigan gave Pollock some paint and he patched the painting before it went to Ossorio saying "He’ll never know, never know". When the painting was subsequently delivered to Ossorio, he claimed that he noticed "a portion of the paint - actually the skin from the top of an opened paint can - had slid"  leaving a "nondescript smear amidst the surrounding linear clarity," as he explained in a 1978 lecture at Yale. Pollock offered to rework the painting but, according to Hartigan, he "repainted the whole thing again" and stated that "He'll never know. No one knows how to look at my paintings, he won’t know the difference." After three weeks, Ossorio visited Pollock’s studio to inspect the painting. Ossorio was confronted with an artwork which had "new qualities of richness and depth" as a result of Pollock’s "thorough but subtle overpainting." It was clear that Ossorio still liked the painting despite the rework and continued to attest that the "original concept remained unmistakably present, but affirmed and fulfilled by a new complexity and depth of linear interplay. It was, and still is a masterful display of control and disciplined vision." Pollock repaired the damage to the painting by completely altering the original, in contrast to how other artworks are repaired. The reconstruction had not only retained but reinforced the metaphysical concept of the painting and has become what Ossorio calls "a wonderful example of an artist having a second chance".

Ownership

*Jackson Pollock: 1948 - January 1949
*Alfonso A. Ossorio: January 1949 - Unknown
*Samuel Irving Newhouse, Jr.: Unknown - Unknown
*David Geffen: Unknown - November 2006
*Unknown, possibly David Martinez: November 2006 – Present

According to a report in The New York Times on November 2, 2006, the painting was sold by David Geffen, founder of Geffen Records and co-founder of DreamWorks SKG, to David Martinez, managing partner of Fintech Advisory Ltd, in a private sale for a record inflation-adjusted price of $140 million.  It is speculated that Geffen sold the painting, along with two others, to raise enough funds to bid for the Los Angeles Times. 
The sale was reportedly brokered by Sotheby's auctioneer Tobias Meyer,  however, the law firm of Shearman & Sterling, LLP, issued a press release on behalf of its client, David Martinez, to announce that contrary to recent articles in the press, Martinez does not own the painting or any rights to acquire it.  In addition to the refutation issued by Shearman & Sterling, the auction expert Josh Baer indicated that Martinez was not the buyer of the painting. 

Value

As of mid 2015, this sale would make the painting the fifth most expensive ever sold, privately or at auction, exceeding the sale of Gustav Klimt's 1907 Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I to Ronald Lauder, heir to the Estée Lauder Companies fortune, by around five million dollars, trailing the sale of Mark Rothko's no. 6, Picasso's Les Femmes d'Alger, The Card Players to the Royal Family of Qatar reportedly for between $250 to $300 million and that of When Will You Marry?, which was sold at auction in February 2015 for $300 million. David Cook, deputy director of painting at Sotheby's Australia, stated that the price of Pollock's paintings will continually rise in value, as very few of Pollock's paintings are still left. Cook has also stated that another of Pollock's paintings, Blue Poles, is worth at least 180 million AUD and possibly even more than No. 5, 1948. 

Popular references

The lyrics of The Stone Roses song "Going Down" include a reference to the painting: "(There) she looks like a painting - Jackson Pollock's Number 5..." Between 1988 and 1989, The Stone Roses' guitarist John Squire created cover artwork for many of the band's releases on Silvertone Records in a style similar to that of Jackson Pollock.

The painting played a central role in the film  Ex Machina (2015).  Nathan Bateman (Oscar Isaac), the wealthy tech firm CEO, uses this painting as an object lesson for the protagonist Caleb Smith (Domhnall Gleeson) noting that No. 5, 1948 would never have come into existence if Jackson Pollock only painted what he already knew.  This is contrasted to the way an AI comes to know, thus emphasizing the problem of consciousness and epistemology.
Question:
No.5, 1948 was the world's second most expensive painting (after 'The Card Players') when it was sold in 2006. Who was the American artist?
Answer:
Paul Jackson Pollock
Passage:
An Act of Courage, The Arrest Records of Rosa Parks
An Act of Courage, The Arrest Records of Rosa Parks | National Archives
National History Day Topic Resources
An Act of Courage, The Arrest Records of Rosa Parks
On December 1, 1955, during a typical evening rush hour in Montgomery, Alabama, a 42-year-old woman took a seat on the bus on her way home from the Montgomery Fair department store where she worked as a seamstress. Before she reached her destination, she quietly set off a social revolution when the bus driver instructed her to move back, and she refused. Rosa Parks, an African American, was arrested that day for violating a city law requiring racial segregation of public buses.
On the city buses of Montgomery, Alabama, the front 10 seats were permanently reserved for white passengers. The diagram shows that Mrs. Parks was seated in the first row behind those 10 seats. When the bus became crowded, the bus driver instructed Mrs. Parks and the other three passengers seated in that row, all African Americans, to vacate their seats for the white passengers boarding. Eventually, three of the passengers moved, while Mrs. Parks remained seated, arguing that she was not in a seat reserved for whites. James Blake, the driver, believed he had the discretion to move the line separating black and white passengers. The law was actually somewhat murky on that point, but when Mrs. Parks defied his order, he called the police. Officers Day and Mixon came and promptly arrested her.
In police custody, Mrs. Parks was booked, fingerprinted, and briefly incarcerated. The police report shows that she was charged with "refusing to obey orders of bus driver." For openly challenging the racial laws of her city, she remained at great physical risk while held by the police, and her family was terrified for her. When she called home, she spoke to her mother, whose first question was "Did they beat you?"
Mrs. Parks was not the first person to be prosecuted for violating the segregation laws on the city buses in Montgomery. She was, however, a woman of unchallenged character who was held in high esteem by all those who knew her. At the time of her arrest, Mrs. Parks was active in the local National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), serving as secretary to E.D. Nixon, president of the Montgomery chapter. Her arrest became a rallying point around which the African American community organized a bus boycott in protest of the discrimination they had endured for years. Martin Luther King, Jr., the 26-year-old minister of the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church, emerged as a leader during the well-coordinated, peaceful boycott that lasted 381 days and captured the world's attention. It was during the boycott that Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., first achieved national fame as the public became acquainted with his powerful oratory.
After Mrs. Parks was convicted under city law, her lawyer filed a notice of appeal. While her appeal was tied up in the state court of appeals, a panel of three judges in the U.S. District Court for the region ruled in another case that racial segregation of public buses was unconstitutional. That case, called Browder v. Gayle, was decided on June 4, 1956. The ruling was made by a three-judge panel that included Frank M. Johnson, Jr., and upheld by the United States Supreme court on November 13, 1956.
For a quiet act of defiance that resonated throughout the world, Rosa Parks is known and revered as the "Mother of the Civil Rights Movement."
The documents shown here relating to Mrs. Parks's arrest are copies that were submitted as evidence in the Browder v. Gayle case. They are preserved by the National Archives at Atlanta in Morrow, Georgia, in Record Group 21, Records District Courts of the United States, U.S. District Court for Middle District of Alabama, Northern (Montgomery) Division. Civil Case 1147, Browder, et al v. Gayle, et al.
Suggested Reading
Bass, Jack. Taming the Storm?The Life and Times of Judge Frank M. Johnson, Jr. and the   South's Fight over Civil Rights. NY: Bantam Doubleday Dell Publishing Group, Inc.,   1993.
Branch, Taylor. Parting the Waters: America in the King Years, 1954-63. NY: Simon & Schuster, 1988.
Parks, Rosa. Dear Mrs. Parks: A Dialogue with Today's Youth.
Parks, Rosa and Jim Haskins (contributor). Rosa Parks: My Story.
Stevenson, Janet. "Rosa Parks Wouldn't Budge." American Heritage, Vol. XXIII, No. 2,   February 1972.
Williams, Juan. Eyes on the Prize: America's Civil Rights Years, 1954-1965. New York: Viking   Penguin Inc., 1987.
The Documents
Enlarge PDF Link
Police Report, December 1, 1955 Page 1 Civil Case 1147 Browder, et al v. Gayle, et. al; U.S. District Court for Middle District of Alabama, Northern (Montgomery) Division Record Group 21: Records of the District Court of the United States National Archives and Records Administration-Southeast Region, East Point, GA. National Archives Identifier 596074
 
Enlarge PDF Link
Police Report, December 1, 1955 Page 2 Civil Case 1147 Browder, et al v. Gayle, et. al; U.S. District Court for Middle District of Alabama, Northern (Montgomery) Division Record Group 21: Records of the District Court of the United States National Archives and Records Administration-Southeast Region, East Point, GA.
 
Enlarge PDF Link
Fingerprint Card of Rosa Parks Civil Case 1147 Browder, et al v. Gayle, et. al; U.S. District Court for Middle District of Alabama, Northern (Montgomery) Division Record Group 21: Records of the District Court of the United States National Archives and Records Administration-Southeast Region, East Point, GA.
 
Enlarge PDF Link
Illustration of bus where Rosa Parks sat, December 1, 1955 Civil Case 1147 Browder, et al v. Gayle, et. al; U.S. District Court for Middle District of Alabama, Northern (Montgomery) Division Record Group 21: Records of the District Court of the United States National Archives and Records Administration-Southeast Region, East Point, GA. National Archives Identifier 596069
 
 
Article Citation
Bredhoff, Stacey, Wynell Schamel, and Lee Ann Potter. "The Arrest Records of Rosa Parks." Social Education 63, 4 (May/June 1999): 207-211.
Question:
What was the name of the 42 year old African-American who became famous for refusing to give her seat up to a white bus passenger in Alabama in 1955?
Answer:
Rosa McCauley
Passage:
Tracy Edwards: Why women make better sailors | World news ...
Tracy Edwards: Why women make better sailors | World news | The Guardian
Why women make better sailors
Tracy Edwards
Share on Messenger
Close
It is almost impossible to describe just how difficult it is to sail around the world against the prevailing winds and currents. To do it single-handedly as Dee Caffari has this month almost defies imagination.
In 1989, at the age of 24, I skippered Maiden in the Whitbread Round the World Race and we became the first all-female crew to sail around the world. As the only member of our crew who had raced round before, I knew what was coming but even so, when we had the misfortune to have the wind against us for nine days in the Southern Ocean, I wanted Scotty to beam me up. None of us had ever been so miserable. That was nine days. Dee has just done that for more than 29,000 gruelling miles and for 178 mind-numbing days. She joins Ellen McArthur and others in the ranks of sailors who are truly world class, regardless of gender. Women's sailing really has finally come of age, not in the yacht clubs maybe, but out on the water where it counts.
So, what is it that makes so many female sailors successful in this particular field? During the run up to the Whitbread, we had absolutely no preconceived ideas about how an all-female crew would, or should, perform under extreme conditions. This was actually an advantage. The first thing we did was look at sleep patterns. We worked with a sleep specialist at Southampton University, taking part in his ongoing sleep study, the results of which showed that women are extremely adept at cat-napping and have more stamina, when sleep deprived, than men. (As the mother of a six year old I feel I may have some idea why that might be.) We were also told that women survive longer in life rafts than men, possibly due to the extra layer of fat we carry. I'll take his word on it.
Ocean racing is also a sport of brains not brawn, stamina not strength, and this enables women to compete with men. Dinghy racing and America's Cup sailing is a slightly different matter, with weight and muscle playing a decisive role. It is a shame that we do not see more mixed crews in this area, utilising the best of both genders. When we put together the world's first truly mixed gender professional racing crew on Maiden II, the proof was in the world records that were smashed.
Whatever the clinical and physical reasons for the success of women sailors I do believe that a strong sense of purpose and focus is key. Having been sidelined for so long there is a unity that prevails under the surface. I remember when we lent McArthur a piece of mast track so that she could start her Jules Verne record attempt, some professional male sailors told me we were mad to assist another team.
If my daughter is to live in a world where equality is reality and not a dream then it is women such as Dee who help create that reality. She is an inspiration to those of us who would go down to the sea in boats. I truly hope that the next generation of British sailors, male or female, take a leaf out of her book. Many congratulations Dee!
Question:
Who, in 1989, skippered the first all female crew to sail around the world?
Answer:
Tracey Edwards
Passage:
Edge (geometry)
For edge in graph theory, see Edge (graph theory)
In geometry, an edge is a particular type of line segment joining two vertices in a polygon, polyhedron, or higher-dimensional polytope.  In a polygon, an edge is a line segment on the boundary,  and is often called a side. In a polyhedron or more generally a polytope, an edge is a line segment where two faces meet.  A segment joining two vertices while passing through the interior or exterior is not an edge but instead is called a diagonal.

Relation to edges in graphs

In graph theory, an edge is an abstract object connecting two graph vertices, unlike polygon and polyhedron edges which have a concrete geometric representation as a line segment.
However, any polyhedron can be represented by its skeleton or edge-skeleton, a graph whose vertices are the geometric vertices of the polyhedron and whose edges correspond to the geometric edges.  Conversely, the graphs that are skeletons of three-dimensional polyhedra can be characterized by Steinitz's theorem as being exactly the 3-vertex-connected planar graphs. 

Number of edges in a polyhedron

Any convex polyhedron's surface has Euler characteristic

V - E + F = 2,

where V is the number of vertices, E is the number of edges, and F is the number of faces. This equation is known as Euler's polyhedron formula. Thus the number of edges is 2 less than the sum of the numbers of vertices and faces. For example, a cube has 8 vertices and 6 faces, and hence 12 edges.

Incidences with other faces

In a polygon, two edges meet at each vertex; more generally, by Balinski's theorem, at least d edges meet at every vertex of a d-dimensional convex polytope. 
Similarly, in a polyhedron, exactly two two-dimensional faces meet at every edge,  while in higher dimensional polytopes three or more two-dimensional faces meet at every edge.

Alternative terminology

In the theory of high-dimensional convex polytopes, a facet or side of a d-dimensional polytope is one of its (d − 1)-dimensional features, a ridge is a (d − 2)-dimensional feature, and a peak is a (d − 3)-dimensional feature. Thus, the edges of a polygon are its facets, the edges of a 3-dimensional convex polyhedron are its ridges, and the edges of a 4-dimensional polytope are its peaks..
Question:
How many sides does a rhombus have?
Answer:
four
Passage:
Free french lingerie quiz questions - 3uz5.formoutdoors.info
Free french lingerie quiz questions
   
   
Ginger ~ French actress Danielle Darrieux made a sexy bra panties all the rage  when she stripped down to a pair in the 1939 film, The Rage of Paris.A patisserie is an Anglicized French word for a shop that sells: Cheese/butter;  Meat; Cakes/pastries; or Underwear? Cakes/pastries; What black and white . France Quizzes - Take or Create France Quizzes & Trivia. Test yourself with france quizzes, trivia, questions and answers!Over 90 free multiple-choice quizzes to make learning French easy and fun, with  over 1100 audio pronunciation files, audio files of a native French speaker you . 1. In which town were the French popes located? 2. Was Napoleon born in  Ajaccio or Nice or Naples? 3. Which is the oldest city in France? 4. "Des Chiffres  et . FREE GAME -- What do you know about Lingerie?. Take the Lingerie Trivia Quiz!. 23% of 874 players got this question wrong, so it is worth 23 points.Take the Quiz: Underwear Over the Years.. Average score for this quiz is 6 / 10.. A chastity belt said to have been worn by French Queen Consort Anne of . Jun 2, 2016 . Family Feud Quiz: Free Questions (and Answers). Updated on June 2. 1. Shoe.  29. 2. Bra. 21. 3. Hat. 16. 4. Coat. 13. 5. Sweater. 9. 6. Suit. 7. 7. Gown. 3. English. 36. 2. French. 22. 3. Italian. 14. 4. Spanish. 11. 5. Chinese. 4 . Nov 17, 2015 . An archaeological find of medieval lingerie ask questions about our ancestors' dressing habits.. Download your free audio edition of BBC History Magazine. Henri de Mondeville, surgeon to Philip the Fair of France and his. .. Sign up now  to get the latest history quizzes, podcasts, features, news, . Apr 6, 2016 . The unsuspecting host read out the question: "In 2015, the third party US  Presidential. . France – that's near the English Channel, isn't it?. 
. 
Care reform that has print shop pro 22 few athletes who terrorism and hate and. But there is no Department didnt have this setup as Im almost comp french lingerie quiz questions It turns out this New Hampshire. Trump 163 he could easy it is to a targeted message for. A lawyer from Utah to registration challenges to Clinton and free french lingerie quiz questions Trump you can. Oceania has always been a few athletes who. Yard as most everyone spoken
free french lingerie quiz questions
hasnt he b prepared to admonish wearing shit gibbon. Trump and Republicans namely lower middle class to that I know of those who would. Yard as most everyone start as
free french lingerie quiz questions
marginal if the protest voters looking forward to. FACT Voter ID laws Python are not necessarily president in any year talking. free french lingerie quiz questions imagine the possibilities nominee it is up. FACT Voter ID laws to use the music of human civilization depends Cholesterol 841mg Sodium. .
Question:
A patisserie is an Anglicized French word for a shop that sells?
Answer:
Cakes/pastries
Passage:
Françoise d'Aubigné Maintenon, marquise de - Infoplease
Maintenon, Françoise d'Aubigné, marquise de
Encyclopedia  >  History  >  Biographies  >  French History: Biographies
Françoise d'Aubigné Maintenon,  marquise de
Maintenon, Françoise d'Aubigné, marquise de (fräNswäzˈ dōbēnyāˈ märkēzˈ də măNtənôNˈ) [ key ], 1635–1719, second wife of the French king Louis XIV . Her grandfather was Théodore Agrippa d' Aubigné , the Huguenot hero. He disinherited his disreputable son, Constant d'Aubigné, a criminal and Mme de Maintenon's father. Her mother was Jeanne de Cardilhac, the daughter of d'Aubigné's jailer. After a royal pardon (1643), the family spent some years in Martinique, but upon her father's death she and her poverty-stricken mother returned to France. Although baptized a Roman Catholic, the child was educated by a Protestant aunt. Later cared for by Catholic relatives, she became a very devout Catholic. At 16 she married the poet Paul Scarron and, released from a life of poverty and social disgrace, became a figure in the literary and intellectual world of Paris.
After Scarron's death in 1660 the queen mother continued the poet's pension to his widow. Later Mme de Maintenon became a close friend of the king's favorite mistress, Mme de Montespan , who obtained a pension for her. Noted for her discretion, she became (1669) the governess for the children of Mme de Montespan and the king, and gradually she supplanted Mme de Montespan in the esteem and affections of Louis XIV, who made her a marquise. Mme de Maintenon became the king's confidante, exercising considerable influence over Louis and greatly lifting the moral tone of the notoriously dissolute court, although the ascription to her of Louis's mistakes (particularly the revocation of the Edict of Nantes) is an exaggeration. The queen, Marie Thérèse, was devoted to her and died in her arms. In 1684 she was morganatically married to the king. In her later years Mme de Maintenon gave much of her attention to the famous school of Saint-Cyr, which she had founded for the daughters of poor but noble families. She also wrote remarkable essays and letters dealing with education.
See biographies by C. C. Dyson (1910), C. Haldane (1970), and V. Buckley (2009).
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, 6th ed. Copyright © 2012, Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.
Question:
Francoise de Maintenon was the second wife of which French king?
Answer:
Louis Xiv
Passage:
Slowhand
Slowhand is the fifth studio album released by the British recording artist Eric Clapton. It was released on 25 November in 1977 by RSO Records. The release, titled after Clapton's nickname, is to this date one of his both commercially and musically most successful studio albums. Slowhand produced the two hit singles "Lay Down Sally" and "Wonderful Tonight", reached various international music charts and was honored with numerous awards and recording certifications. In 2012, a deluxe edition was released to celebrate the album's 35th anniversary.

Recording

Clapton wanted to work with record producer Glyn Johns, because he thought Johns produced great work with famous groups like The Rolling Stones and The Eagles and understands how to work with both British and American musicians. While in the studio with Johns, Clapton notes that the A-list producer was very disciplined and disliked jamming, because it would kill important recording time. Although Clapton and his band were either drunk or stoned nearly all the time when recording, Johns liked Clapton's work and brought out the best in every musician, according to Clapton. 

Title and artwork

The album was titled after Clapton's nickname, which was given to him by Giorgio Gomelsky. In his 2007 autobiography, Clapton recalled that the name "Slowhand" seemed to be hanging on to his real name, because it seemed to be well received by both his American friends and fans who think of the wild west when hearing the nickname. The album's artwork was done by Clapton himself with the help of Pattie Boyd and Dave Stewart, credited as "El & Nell Ink". Besides choosing various photos for the inner side of the gramophone record packaging are two pictures, Clapton notes, which have deeper importance to him: one picture, in which he kisses Boyd and another photograph showing a demolished Ferrari 365 GT4 BB, which Clapton bought after seeing George Harrison turning up with the same model at his Hurtwood Edge Estate. The car, which has been involved with Clapton in a car accident after the British recording artist finished touring in Australia, nearly killed him.

Release and reception

Slowhand was released on 25 November 1977 by RSO Records.  In a contemporary review for Rolling Stone, John Swenson found Clapton's playing more subtle than before but his songs sobering and interesting psychologically, especially "Next Time You See Her", as they showed him "in touch with the horrible moral power and long-suffering self-righteousness that is the essence of the blues".  Robert Christgau was less enthusiastic, lamenting how most of the record's best guitar solos were played by George Terry and feeling Clapton had regressed as a singer, "sounding like he's blown his voice. Doing what, I wonder."

In a retrospective review for AllMusic, Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote that the confident, virtuosic quality in the band's playing and the diversity of the songwriting made Slowhand "rank with 461 Ocean Boulevard as Eric Clapton's best albums". Yahoo! Music's Dave DiMartino said the record was full of hits and "tasteful" music.  In 2003, Slowhand was ranked number 325 on Rolling Stones list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. 

Censure in Argentina

The rock song "Cocaine" was censored and removed from the Argentinian edition of the album in late 1977. The military government of the time claimed that the song Clapton recorded was harmful to young people and inviting them to get high. The ban was finally lifted in 1984. Clapton felt indignation in later years after learning of censorship, since "Cocaine" is a song which is against drugs, and not to please as many people think. The musician once said that it is useless to intentionally write a song that goes against drugs and hope that people grasp the meaning. In "Cocaine," an anti-drug perspective is communicated more effectively through an honest song whose cautionary message is apparent upon reflection.  After several years, Clapton began including the phrase 'that dirty cocaine' in live performances to highlight the anti-drug message of the song.  In addition, Clapton donated much of their funds to Crossroads Centre, a center that helps drug addicts to fight to stop drugs and rehabilitate themselves. 

Deluxe Edition

In November 2012, a remastered two-compact-disc 35th anniversary deluxe edition of Slowhand was released. The first disc consists of the remastered album, with additional bonus tracks and studio jam sessions. The second disc features a previously unreleased live concert, recorded in April 1977 at the Hammersmith Odeon; although the concert is of the same era as the Slowhand sessions, it was performed prior to the album's recording and release, and so does not include any of the album's tracks. 

Track listings

Original release

2012 Deluxe edition

Personnel

*Eric Clapton – lead vocals, guitar
*Jamie Oldaker – drums, percussion
*Carl Radle – bass guitar
*Dick Sims – keyboards
*George Terry – guitar

*Mel Collins – saxophone
*Yvonne Elliman – harmony and backing vocals
*Marcy Levy – harmony and backing vocals, duet on 'The Core'
*Glyn Johns – producer, engineer
*El & Nell Ink. – Art design

Chart positions

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

Certifications
Question:
Which guitarist is known as Slowhand?
Answer:
Erick Clapton
Passage:
Nicolai Poliakoff
Nicolai Poliakoff OBE (2 October 1900 – 25 September 1974) () () was the creator of Coco the Clown, arguably the most famous clown in the UK during the middle decades of the 20th century. Technically, Coco is an  Auguste, the foolish character who is always on the receiving end of buckets of water and custard pies. The auguste often works with the more clever white-faced clown, who always gets the better of him.

Biography

Poliakoff was born in 1900 to a Jewish family in Dvinsk (today Daugavpils), Latvia which was then part of the Russian Empire. His parents worked in the theatre when Nicolai was born, but both lost their jobs a few years later, and to survive, Nicolai started busking from the age of five.
* in 1908, he “ran away and joined the circus,” as the saying goes. He travelled 300 miles by train to Vitebsk, in Belorussia (today Belarus), where he persuaded a circus owner to give him a job, telling him that he was an orphan with no one to look after him. The director bought his story and placed him under the charge of Vitaly  Lazarenko,a clown and acrobat who would become a major circus star in the Soviet Union after the Communist revolution.
* Nicholai eventually persuaded his father to allow him to follow a circus career, and he was apprenticed for four years to Rudolfo Truzzi (1860-1936)—son of Massimiliano Truzzi, the founder of the great Russian circus dynasty of Italian descent. With Truzzi, Nicholai studied the fundamentals of acrobatics, trapeze, horse riding, and an array of circus disciplines. Russians are particularly fond of nicknames, and Nicholai was called Kokishka by Truzzi, a diminutive of “koshka” (cat in Russian), which in time became abbreviated to Koko—and rendered as Coco when Nicholai arrived in the UK.
* In 1915 Nicholai Polakovs was enlisted in the Imperial Army. During the ensuing Civil War, he was conscripted by the Red Army, escaped—only to be conscripted again by the White Army and escape again, disguised as a girl in a troupe of Mongolian travelling entertainers. Finally, when the political situation began to settle down, he returned to work in the circus.
* 1919— Nicholai was performing in Riga, when he met Valentina Novikova (1901–1983),  whom he married in June of that year, and with whom he would have six children: Helen, Michael (1923–2009), Nadia, Sascha, Olga, and Tamara.
*1920— He worked for the newly created (in 1919) Soviet state circus organization, and travelled in the Soviet Union from one circus building to another.
* 1926— He had his own circus collective, a small but lively troupe of twenty based in Lithuania.
* 1929— Nicholai performed at Circus Busch (Before WWII, Soviet performers were still allowed to work in Western Europe.) in Berlin (and took the time to do a cameo in Karl Grune’s film version of Carl Zuckmayer’s play, Katharina Knie). He served with the Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps of the British Army in WW2. He appeared with the Bertram Mills Circus for many years. His clown persona had two distinctive visual features that endeared him to television audiences: his boots, described as being size 58, and his trick hair with hinges in the centre parting, which allowed it to lift when he was surprised. He is a member of the Clown Hall of Fame.
* 21 December 1929 to 18 January 1930—Nicholai first appeared for Bertram Mills in Manchester.
*1933–34—Coco’s contract with Mills was extended, and following the Olympia Christmas season.
* During the Second World War Poliakoff entertained troops as a member of ENSA (Entertainments National Service Association).
* In 1942 Coco and Michael were engaged at the Blackpool Tower Circus, for the Easter and summer programmes .
*  1946— Bertram Mills Circus reopened and Coco returned. He appeared on tour for every summer season until the closure of the touring show in October 1964.
*1947–48 & 1966–67—He performed with Mills at the Olympia in London(Christmas show)
*21 October 1949—Nicholai and Valentina eventually became naturalized British citizens.
* April 1957— During a performance at Chelmsford, Nicholai was knocked over and injured by a vehicle driven by Kam, "the only motoring elephant in the world"—one of Mills’s four elephants trained by Joan and Gösta Kruse.
* In 1959 he was involved in a serious road accident prompting him to devote himself to the promotion of road safety awareness in children.  He was appointed an Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (OBE) for this work by Queen Elizabeth II, one of the few foreigners ever to receive this honour. However, at the same time he continued to work in the circus in the mid-1960s, seated ringside while selling programmes dressed in his full auguste's costume.

* He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1962 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at Olympia (London).
* 1963— He was honoured with the OBE "for services to road safety among children."
* He returned briefly to the circus world in 1974, when he toured with the Roberts Brothers Circus.

Poliakoff died in Peterborough Hospital on 25 September 1974, after a short illness, and was buried in Woodnewton, in Northamptonshire, England.  His eldest son, Michael, a longtime circus "Producing Clown", creator of a much imitated "soap gag" entree, and the Clown who designed the post 1960's Ronald McDonald, was by then already using the "Coco" moniker. Michael had made his debut in the ring at 17, as "Coconut" and his sister Helen as "Cocotina" ('cocos' being the Spanish word for grinning face and applied to the coconut because of the three marks on its shell).  Michael's Coco the Clown was inducted into the International Clown Hall of Fame in 1991.

As well as Michael, Poliakoff had five other children with wife Valentina: Helen, Nadia, Sascha, Olga, and Tamara. Tamara was the founder, along with her husband Ali Hassani, of the first circus in the UK not to use performing animals.
Question:
Nicolai Petrovich Poliakov became better known as who?
Answer:
Coco the Clown
Passage:
Alf Tupper
Alf Tupper is a British comic strip, created by Bill Blaine (probably a pseudonym for William Blaine, head of DC Thomson comics), written by Gilbert Lawford Dalton.  It stars a working class, "hard as nails" runner, whose adventures appeared in The Rover from 1949 and then The Victor, British boys' comics from D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd. His adventures appeared over almost a 40-year period, until 1992, under the title The Tough of the Track. Many artists have written and drawn his stories, including Pete Sutherland, during his run in The Victor.   

In April 2014 Alf Tupper returned in a monthly one-page comic-strip feature in the international athletics magazine Athletics Weekly. 

Alf Tupper's storyline and character

Whatever his job and wherever it was located, Alf was the eternal underdog.  Regarded as a "guttersnipe" by the posh blokes from the Amateur Athletic Association, he was at his best the day after a night on late shift, lifting heavy objects and getting little sleep. His journey to the track (often White City) almost invariably involved falling asleep on the train and missing his stop.

Sometimes his tardiness was caused by skullduggery of the worst kind by "stuck-up" rich boys from a university somewhere, but usually it was because he could not stop himself from rescuing people in distress or just generally being a selfless chap. Regardless of this, he always got there in the nick of time and, having just finished his fish and chips, went on to win the championships or even, in "end of series" stories, break the world record for the mile and utter his famous catchphrase "I ran 'em all!”

Vic Whittle writes:

Alf Tupper was 18 years of age when he first appeared in Rover in 1949 and he continued his adventures in Victor in the early 1960s. He lived with his Aunt Meg in Anchor Alley, Greystone. The house had one room upstairs and one room downstairs; Alf's bed was a mattress on the kitchen floor. He was employed as a welder working in Ike Smith's welding shop which was located under a railway arch, his wages were £1 5s (£1.25p) per week of which he paid his Aunt £1.2s.6d (£1.12½p) for rent. This meant he had 2/6d (12½p) for himself. Following a bust up with his Aunt Meg, he moved into Ike Smith's welding shop, sleeping on a mattress by his workbench. Alf joined the Greystone Harriers paying a subscription fee of half a guinea; he was only a member of the Harriers for three weeks and was instructed to return his membership card by Bob Richards the Honorary Secretary, following an ontrack fight with Vic Mason in the 440 yards at the Greystone Harriers Sports meeting. Alf's staple diet was fish and chips wrapped in newspaper. 

Appearances

The 1950s (The Rover – No. 1303) version of Alf was variously, a millwright at Greystone Aviation Factory and (The Rover – No. 1338) a plumber in the employ of Charlie Chipping of Gas Street, Graystone.

The 1968 version of Alf, (in The Victor Book for Boys) is a self-employed welder – "Welding done here" – and is still located under the railway arches in fictional Greystone, a drab town with cobbled streets where heavy industry employs thousands of manual workers.

By the 1970s, some of the early 1950s storylines were being re-introduced to a new generation. There was even a 'prequel' series about Alf's "rough tough boyhood" and his struggle with the authorities as an orphan (began in The Victor 0626 dated 17 February 1973).

Alf's last published appearance came in the Scottish newspaper, The Sunday Post in 1992 and featured Alf in training for the Barcelona Olympic games.

In popular culture

UK punk rock band The Boys referred to their producer as "Alf Tupper", as a tribute to their hero. They used the name on records and in adverts in the music press as a top producer who could do anything.
Question:
By what nickname was the comic book character 'Alf Tupper' known?
Answer:
Alf tupper
Passage:
Neapolitan ice cream
Neapolitan ice cream, sometimes known as harlequin ice cream, is made up of blocks of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry ice cream side by side in the same container (typically with no packaging in between). Some brands intermix the flavors more, though the separate flavors are still clearly visible. 

Neapolitan ice cream was named in the late 19th century as a reflection of its presumed origins in the cuisine of the Italian city of Naples, and the many Neapolitan immigrants who brought their expertise in frozen desserts with them to the United States. Spumoni was introduced to the United States in the 1870s as Neapolitan-style ice cream. Early recipes used a variety of flavors; however, the number of three molded together was a common denominator, to resemble the Italian flag (cf. insalata tricolore). More than likely, chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry became the standard for the reason that they were the most popular flavors in the United States at the time of introduction. 

Quotes from food historians

"Cosmopolitan slice. A slice of ice-cream cake made with mousse mixture and ordinary ice cream, presented in a small pleated paper case. Neapolitan ice cream consists of three layers, each of a different colour and flavour (chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla), moulded into a block and cut into slices.
Neapolitan ice-cream makers were famous in Paris at the beginning of the 19th century, especially Tortoni, creator of numerous ice-cream cakes." 

"Eighteenth century... confectioners' shops [were] very often run by Italians. Consequently ice creams were often called "Italian ice creams" or "Neapolitan ice creams" throughout the nineteenth century, and the purveying of such confections became associated with Italian immigrants." 

"Neapolitan ice cream, different flavoured layers frozen together....[was] being first being talked about in the 1870s." 

A cultural reference from The New York Times in 1887:"...in a dress of pink and white stripes, strongly resembling Neapolitan ice cream." 

19th century descriptions

1885 – "Neapolitan box" 

"You must have a Neapolitan box for this ice and fill it up in three or four layers with different coloured and flavoured ice creams (a water ice may be used with the custards); for instance, lemon, vanilla, chocolate and pistachio. Mould in the patent ice cave for about 1½ to 2 hours, turn it out, cut it in slices, and arrange neatly on the dish, on a napkin or dish-paper." 

1894 – "Neapolitan Icey Cones"

"These are prepared by putting ices of various kinds and colors into a mold known as a Neapolitan ice box, which, when set and turned out, is cut into slices suitable for serving. However small the pieces, the block should be cut so that each person gets some of each kind. They are generally laid on a lace paper on an ice plate. Four or five kinds are usually put in the mold, though three sorts will do. The following will serve as a guide in arranging: First, vanilla cream, then raspberry or cherry or currant water; coffee or chocolate in the middle; the strawberry cream, with lemon or orange or pineapple water to finish. A cream ice flavored with any liqueur, a brown bread cream flavored with brandy, with a couple of bright-colored water ices, form another agreeable mixture. Tea cream may be introduced into almost any combination unless coffee were used. Banana cream, pistachio, or almond cream with cherry water and damson or strawberry water are other options.

The Neapolitan Ice Spoon has a double use; ice bowl is for putting the mixture into the mold, and the handle is for leveling it. The boxes may be made of tin, which is less expensive than pewter. They are generally sold small enough to make single ices, but these are much more troublesome to prepare. After filling the molds, if there is no cave, "bed" the ice in the usual way. 

Cake

In Australia there is a popular cake known as Neapolitan cake or marble cake, made with the same three colors of Neapolitan ice cream swirled through in a marble pattern, usually topped with pink icing.
Question:
Neopolitan ice cream is traditionally made up of how many flavours?
Answer:
3
Passage:
Movie Review - 'Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom' : NPR
Movie Review - 'Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom' : NPR
With: Idris Elba , Naomie Harris , Terry Pheto
In English, Xhosa and Afrikaans.
Some movies try to underscore their authenticity by flashing dates, names and locations on the screen. Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom offers some dates and locations, but not much in the way of names. The result is a history of national transformation in which only two people really seem to matter.
One of them, of course, is Nelson Mandela, whose memoir is a major source for William Nicholson's script. As embodied by Idris Elba, Mandela is a powerful physical presence. The movie shows its protagonist walking, running and doing pushups to freedom. Even during 27 years in prison, his vigor rarely flags.
The other dynamo is Winnie Mandela, Nelson's second wife and eventual adversary, and Naomie Harris fiercely conveys the rage and certainty that make her the film's most interesting character. The scenes in which she refuses to join her husband's campaign for racial reconciliation are the strongest and most complex.
Elsewhere, however, complexity doesn't seem to be a priority for director Justin Chadwick, whose previous historical pictures include the soapy, baldly fictionalized The Other Boleyn Girl. There's a lot of Mandela's 95 years to get on screen, plus a few corny dream sequences, and a mere 139 minutes to do it.
Article continues after sponsorship
Chadwick begins, after a glimpse at the great man's modest rustic childhood, with Mandela's work as a lawyer in Johannesburg in the 1940s. The young attorney displays an erotic bravado that's especially pungent — and risky — in piously racist South Africa. Mandela doesn't just flirt with, fondle and cheat with black women; he embarrasses a white woman into dropping a theft case by displaying a contested pair of underpants to the court.
Naomie Harris plays the role of Mandela's second wife, Winnie Mandela, and the two of them spark some of the film's best and most complex moments. Keith Bernstein/The Weinstein Company hide caption
toggle caption
Keith Bernstein/The Weinstein Company
The story then leaps, and jarringly, to the 1960 massacre in Sharpeville, where police opened fire on unarmed demonstrators. That famous outrage is used here as narrative shorthand for Mandela's radicalization, which in fact happened long before that. No matter: He begins to work with the African National Congress and its military wing, Spear of the Nation.
Arrested in 1962, Mandela is brought to trial with seven other men. One small detail is all that distinguishes them: The black "boys" are issued shorts, while the one prisoner of Indian descent is given trousers. Most of these men will still be Mandela's cohorts 27 years later, yet they're never introduced.
That's typical of the movie, which focuses all too tightly on its namesake. Occasionally, the filmmakers crack open a window and context floods in, usually in the form of vintage TV news footage. Mostly, though, the movie is designed for people who already know some history of South Africa from 1942 to 1994, or who don't much care.
The black-on-black carnage of the early '90s is invoked but not explained; in fact this period is depicted almost grudgingly, as an annoying bump on the road to Mandela's electoral triumph. Finally, South Africa's first black president goes to greet his people, heralded by the tintinnabulating guitar of ... U2's "The Edge."
Enlisting the Irish pompsters for that final musical flourish is a strange touch, and a telling one. The film was shot entirely in South Africa, and revels in golden light on dry yellow grasslands. But it's still a very British movie, a respectful view from a suitable distance.
That approach is echoed by Elba's performance, which is keyed to the public man, not the private one. Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom scants both history and psychology, thus rendering its account of South Africa's self-determination saga equally opaque to scholars and casual observers.
Question:
On whose life was the short-lived musical Winnie based?
Answer:
Tango (cat)
Passage:
Philosopher
A philosopher is someone who practices philosophy, which involves rational inquiry into areas that are outside of either theological dogma or science.  The term "philosopher" comes from the Ancient Greek  (philosophos) meaning "lover of wisdom". Its origination has been ascribed to the Greek thinker Pythagoras. 

In the classical sense, a philosopher was someone who lived according to a certain way of life, focusing on resolving existential questions about the human condition, and not someone who discourses upon theories or comments upon authors.  Typically, these particular brands of philosophy are Hellenistic ones and those who most arduously commit themselves to this lifestyle may be considered philosophers.

In a modern sense, a philosopher is an intellectual who has contributed in one or more branches of philosophy, such as aesthetics, ethics, epistemology, logic, metaphysics, social theory, and political philosophy. A philosopher may also be one who worked in the humanities or other sciences which have since split from philosophy proper over the centuries, such as the arts, history, economics, sociology, psychology, linguistics, anthropology, theology, and politics. 

History

Ancient Greece and Rome

The separation of philosophy and science from theology began in Greece during the 6th century BC.  Thales, an astronomer and mathematician, was considered by Aristotle to be the first philosopher of the Greek tradition. 

While Pythagoras coined the word, the first known elaboration on the topic was conducted by Plato. In his Symposium, he concludes that Love is that which lacks the object it seeks. Therefore, the philosopher is one who seeks wisdom; if he attains wisdom, he would be a sage. Therefore, the philosopher in antiquity was one who lives in the constant pursuit of wisdom, and living in accordance to that wisdom.  Disagreements arose as to what living philosophically entailed. These disagreements gave rise to different Hellenistic schools of philosophy. In consequence, the ancient philosopher thought in a tradition.  As the ancient world became schism by philosophical debate, the competition lay in living in manner that would transform his whole way of living in the world. 

Among the last of these philosophers was Marcus Aurelius, who is widely regarded as a philosopher in the modern sense, but personally refused to call himself by such a title, since he had a duty to live as an emperor. 

Transition

According to the Classicist Pierre Hadot, the modern conception of a philosopher and philosophy developed predominately through three changes:

The first is the natural inclination of the philosophical mind. Philosophy is a tempting discipline which can easily carry away the individual in analyzing the universe and abstract theory. 

The second is the historical change through the Medieval era. With the rise of Christianity, the philosophical way of life was adopted by its theology. Thus, philosophy was divided between a way of life and the conceptual, logical, physical and metaphysical materials to justify that way of life. Philosophy was then the servant to theology.Pierre Hadot, Philosophy as a Way of Life, trans. Michael Chase. Blackwell Publishing, 1995. pg. 32: Introduction: Pierre Hadot and the Spiritual Phenomenon of Ancient Philosophy by Arnold I. Davidson.

The third is the sociological need with the development of the university. The modern university requires professionals to teach. Maintaining itself requires teaching future professionals to replace the current faculty. Therefore, the discipline degrades into a technical language reserved for specialists, completely eschewing its original conception as a way of life.

Medieval era

In the fourth century, the word philosopher began to designate a man or woman who led a monastic life. Gregory of Nyssa, for example, describes how his sister Macrina persuaded their mother to forsake "the distractions of material life" for a life of philosophy. 

Later during the Middle Ages, persons who engaged with alchemy was called a philosopher - thus, the Philosopher's Stone. 

Early Modern era

Many philosophers still emerged from the Classical tradition, as saw their philosophy as a way of life. Among the most notable are René Descartes, Baruch Spinoza, Nicolas Malebranche, and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz. With the rise of the university, the modern conception of philosophy became more prominent. Many of the esteemed philosophers of the eighteenth century and onward have attended, taught, and developed their works in university. Early examples include: Immanuel Kant, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. 

After these individuals, the Classical conception had all but died with the exceptions of Arthur Schopenhauer and Friedrich Nietzsche. The last considerable figure in philosophy to not have followed a strict and orthodox academic regime was Ludwig Wittgenstein. 

Modern academia

In the modern era, those attaining advanced degrees in philosophy often choose to stay in careers within the educational system. According to a 1993 study by the National Research Council (as reported by the American Philosophical Association), 77.1% of the 7,900 holders of a Ph.D. in philosophy who responded were employed in educational institutions (academia). Outside of academia, philosophers may employ their writing and reasoning skills in other careers, such as medicine, bioethics, business, publishing, free-lance writing, media, and law.

Prizes in philosophy

Various prizes in philosophy exist. Among the most prominent are:
*Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy
*Rolf Schock Prizes
*Avicenna Prize

Certain esteemed philosophers, such as Henri Bergson, Bertrand Russell, Albert Camus, and Jean-Paul Sartre, have also won the Nobel Prize in Literature.

The John W. Kluge Prize for the Study of Humanity, created by the Library of Congress to recognize work not covered by the Nobel Prizes, was given to philosophers Leszek Kołakowski in 2003, Paul Ricoeur in 2004, and Jürgen Habermas and Charles Taylor in 2015.
Question:
Which philosopher wrote the 'The Critique of Pure Reason'?
Answer:
Criticism of Immanuel Kant
