Passage:
Fingal's Cave
Fingal's Cave is a sea cave on the uninhabited island of Staffa, in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, known for its natural acoustics. The National Trust for Scotland owns the cave as part of a National Nature Reserve.  It became known as Fingal's Cave after the eponymous hero of an epic poem by 18th-century Scots poet-historian James Macpherson.

Formation 

Fingal's Cave is formed entirely from hexagonally jointed basalt columns within a Paleocene lava flow,  similar in structure to the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland and those of nearby Ulva.

In all these cases, cooling on the upper and lower surfaces of the solidified lava resulted in contraction and fracturing, starting in a blocky tetragonal pattern and transitioning to a regular hexagonal fracture pattern with fractures perpendicular to the cooling surfaces.  As cooling continued these cracks gradually extended toward the centre of the flow, forming the long hexagonal columns we see in the wave-eroded cross-section today.  Similar hexagonal fracture patterns are found in desiccation cracks in mud where contraction is due to loss of water instead of cooling. 

Acoustics 

The cave's size and naturally arched roof,  and the eerie sounds produced by the echoes of waves, give it the atmosphere of a natural cathedral. The cave's Gaelic name, An Uaimh Bhinn, means "the melodious cave."

History 

Little is known of the early history of Staffa, although the Swiss town of Stäfa on Lake Zurich was named after the island by a monk from nearby Iona. Part of the Ulva estate of the Clan MacQuarrie from an early date until 1777,Haswell-Smith (2004) p. 124 the cave was brought to the attention of the English-speaking world by 18th-century naturalist Sir Joseph Banks in 1772.  

It became known as Fingal's Cave after the eponymous hero of an epic poem by 18th century Scots poet-historian James Macpherson. It formed part of his Ossian cycle of poems claimed to have been based on old Scottish Gaelic poems. In Irish mythology, the hero Fingal is known as Fionn mac Cumhaill, and it is suggested that Macpherson rendered the name as Fingal (meaning "white stranger" ) through a misapprehension of the name which in old Gaelic would appear as Finn.  The legend of the Giant's Causeway has Fionn or Finn building the causeway between Ireland and Scotland.[http://giantcrystals.strahlen.org/europe/basalt.htm Formation of basalt columns / pseudocrystals]

Sightseeing 

The cave has a large arched entrance and is filled by the sea. Several sightseeing cruises organised from April to September by local companies pass the entrance to the cave. It is also possible to land elsewhere on the island (as some of these cruises permit) and walk overland to the cave, where a row of fractured columns forms a walkway just above high-water level permitting exploration on foot. From the inside, the entrance seems to frame the island of Iona across the water.

In art and literature 

Romantic composer Felix Mendelssohn visited in 1829 and wrote an overture, The Hebrides, Op. 26, (also known as Fingal's Cave overture), inspired by the weird echoes in the cave.  Mendelssohn's overture popularized the cave as a tourist destination. Other famous 19th-century visitors included author Jules Verne, who used it in his book Le Rayon vert (The Green Ray), and mentions it in the novels Journey to the Center of the Earth and The Mysterious Island; poets William Wordsworth, John Keats, and Alfred, Lord Tennyson; and Romantic artist J. M. W. Turner, who painted "Staffa, Fingal's Cave" in 1832.  Queen Victoria also made the trip.

The playwright August Strindberg also set scenes from his play A Dream Play in a place called "Fingal's Grotto". Scots novelist Sir Walter Scott described Fingal's Cave as "one of the most extraordinary places I ever beheld. It exceeded, in my mind, every description I had heard of it... composed entirely of basaltic pillars as high as the roof of a cathedral, and running deep into the rock, eternally swept by a deep and swelling sea, and paved, as it were, with ruddy marble, [it] baffles all description." 

Artist Matthew Barney used the cave along with the Giant's Causeway for the opening and closing scenes of his art film, Cremaster 3. In 2008, the video artist Richard Ashrowan spent several days recording the interior of Fingal's Cave for an exhibition at the Foksal Gallery in Poland.

One of Pink Floyd's early songs bears this location's name. This instrumental was written for the film Zabriskie Point but not used. 

Lloyd House at Caltech has a mural representing Fingal's Cave.  The hallway that features this mural also houses a wooden statue named Fingal, which is among the oldest heirlooms at the institute.

Scottish Celtic rock band Wolfstone recorded an instrumental titled "Fingal's Cave" on their 1999 album Seven.

Dimensions 

* Wood-Nuttall Encyclopaedia, 1907: 69 m (227 ft) deep, 20 m (66 ft) high. 
* National Public Radio: 45 m (150 ft) deep; 22 m (72 ft) high. 
* Show Caves of the World: 85 m (279 ft) deep; 23 m (75 ft) high.

Notes
Question:
On which Scottish island will you find Fingal’s Cave?
Answer:
Staffa
Passage:
All my yesterdays; an autobiography (Book, 1973) [WorldCat ...
All my yesterdays; an autobiography (Book, 1973) [WorldCat.org]
The E-mail message field is required. Please enter the message.
E-mail Message:
I thought you might be interested in this item at http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/743067  Title:  All my yesterdays; an autobiography Author:  Edward G Robinson; Leonard Spigelgass; Rouben Mamoulian Collection (Library of Congress) Publisher:  New York, Hawthorn Books [1973]  OCLC:743067
The ReCaptcha terms you entered were incorrect. Please try to match the 2 words shown in the window, or try the audio version.
Question:
'All my Yesterdays' is which actors autobiography?
Answer:
Emanuel Goldenberg
Passage:
La donna è mobile
"" (The woman is fickle) is the Duke of Mantua's canzone from the beginning of act 3 of Giuseppe Verdi's opera Rigoletto (1851). The canzone is famous as a showcase for tenors. Raffaele Mirate's performance of the bravura aria at the opera's 1851 premiere was hailed as the highlight of the evening. Before the opera's first public performance (in Venice), the song was rehearsed under tight secrecy:  a necessary precaution, as "" proved to be incredibly catchy, and soon after the song's first public performance, every gondolier in Venice was singing it.

As the opera progresses, the reprise of the tune in the following scenes exemplifies a sense of confusion, as Rigoletto realizes that from the sound of the Duke's lively voice coming from within the tavern (offstage), the body in the sack over which he had grimly triumphed, was not that of the Duke after all: Rigoletto had paid Sparafucile, an assassin, to kill the Duke, but Sparafucile had deceived Rigoletto by indiscriminately killing Gilda, Rigoletto's beloved daughter, instead. The song is an irony, as no character in the opera presents traits associated with rationality; every character may be considered callous and ' ("inconstant").

The music

The almost comical-sounding theme of "" is introduced immediately, and runs as illustrated (transposed from the original key of B major). The theme is repeated several times in the approximately two to three minutes it takes to perform the aria, but with the important—and obvious—omission of the last bar. This has the effect of driving the music forward as it creates the impression of being incomplete and unresolved, which it is, ending not on the tonic or dominant but on the submediant. Once the Duke has finished singing, however, the theme is once again repeated; but this time it includes the last, and conclusive, bar and finally resolving to the tonic. The song is strophic in form with an orchestral ritornello.

Libretto
Question:
'La donna e mobile' is from which Verdi opera?
Answer:
Rigeletto
Passage:
Audi and Volvo - Latin origin of the car company names ...
Audi and Volvo - Latin origin of the car company names - High Names
03.20.13 Posted in Naming blog by christa
Let’s get back to the car business. We know a lot of the car companies are named after their founders – the trend was spread worldwide from the earliest electric automobiles. These include Ford (after Henry Ford), Peugeot (after the Peugeot family), also later Bentley (after Walter Owen Bentley), Porsche (after Ferdinand Porsche). The trend is also present in Asia by car manufacturers like Toyota (after Kiichiro Toyoda) and Honda (after Soichiro Honda).
However, there are still original company names between the world-wide known brands in the car industry. The naming strategy is often so unique that they cannot be put in categories. But Audi and Volvo can. Can you guess what the connection between those two famous car companies is in terms of naming? Latin.
Volvo – on the different car company names
Despite that Volvo is a Swedish company the founders didn’t name the car Viking or Nordic or anything like that. They decided on the Latin word volvere, meaning to roll. It seems a logical word choice since the purpose of working on a Swedish car project was to build cars that could withstand the cold Scandinavian weather and uneven roads – basically a car that rolls. What they did is only conjugate the verb volvere in first person (because unlike in English many other languages use similar but still different words when saying I roll, you roll, etc) and voilà – you have Volvo. It’s like the car speaks to you – I roll.
Audi – on the translated car company names
The reason for naming the famous car company Audi isn’t that spontaneous compared to Volvo. The truth is that the founder August Horch (and no the AU in Audi doesn’t come from the first two letters of the founder’s name) had originally founded another car company named August Horch & Co. This happened in 1904 when the German engineer had quit working for Karl Benz. However, after some problems in the company, in 1909 Horch founded a second company – but his family name could not be used again as a name for the company because he didn’t have the rights on the company name. The story says that one of his business partners’ son came up with the name Audi. But this wasn’t a random Latin word that simply starts with the letter A (as you may know by now from our blog posts having a company name that starts with A is great because you get listed early in alphabetically ordered lists). If you speak German you’ll know that horch comes from the infinitive form of horchen and actually has a meaning – to listen (carefully). Now, can you guess what the Latin translation of horchen is? It’s audire – a verb that when conjugated in the same form as horch, becomes audi. The name seemed logical since August Horch could no longer use his own name. And a little more than 100 years later Audi is still one of the most popular names in the car industry.
Question:
What car maker's name means 'roll' in Latin?
Answer:
Glossary of Volvo features
