Passage:
FIFA Ballon d'Or
The FIFA Ballon d'Or (, "Golden Ball") is an annual association football award given to the world's best male player by the sport's governing body, FIFA, and the French publication France Football since 2010. It is awarded based on votes from international media representatives and national team coaches and captains, who select the player they deem to have performed the best in the previous calendar year. A fusion between the former Ballon d'Or and the men's FIFA World Player of the Year award, the FIFA Ballon d'Or is considered the most prestigious individual award in world football. 

Since its inception, the FIFA Ballon d'Or has been dominated by Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, as part of their ongoing rivalry. Barcelona's Messi won the inaugural Ballon d'Or, before reclaiming the title the following two years and again in 2015. Ronaldo, who plays for Real Madrid, won two successive awards in the intervening years.

Background

Prior to 2010, the leading individual awards in association football were the Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award.   The original Ballon d'Or, also known as the European Footballer of the Year award, had been awarded by the French publication France Football since 1956. European sports journalists invited by France Football selected the recipients from among European or Europe-based players. The FIFA World Player of the Year award, presented by the governing body FIFA from 1991, was international in scope. Winners were chosen by the national team coaches and captains under FIFA's jurisdiction. 
  
From 2005, the winners of the Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year award were identical each year. Following the introduction of a global Ballon d'Or format in 2007, France Football and FIFA opted to merge the two awards. The creation of the FIFA Ballon d'Or was subsequently announced during the FIFA World Cup held in South Africa in 2010. The inaugural award was presented that same year to the Argentine Lionel Messi.  For historical purposes, both organisations regard the FIFA Ballon d'Or as a continuation of their respective former awards.   The FIFA World Player of the Year award continues as a women's-only award. 

The winner of the FIFA Ballon d'Or is chosen by international media representatives and national team coaches and captains. In a voting system based on positional voting, each voter is allotted three votes, worth five points, three points and one point, and the three finalists are ordered based on total number of points. Voters are provided with a shortlist from which they can select the three players they deem to have performed the best in the previous calendar year.

Winners

Wins by player

Wins by country

Wins by club
Question:
Who was awarded FIFA's Ballon D'Or in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012?
Answer:
Leo Messy
Passage:
CAMELOT (The Musical): "How to Handle a Woman" - YouTube
CAMELOT (The Musical): "How to Handle a Woman" - YouTube
CAMELOT (The Musical): "How to Handle a Woman"
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on Jun 17, 2009
Confounded by his wife's stubbornness, Arthur (Tom Hensen) tries to recall Merlin's advice on "How to Handle a Woman"...
(Book and Lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner; Music by Frederick Loewe)
Category
Question:
"From which musical does the song ""How to Handle a Woman"" come from?"
Answer:
Camelot
Passage:
Limburger
Limburger is a cheese that originated during the 19th century in the historical Duchy of Limburg, which is now divided among modern-day Belgium, Germany, and Netherlands. The cheese is especially known for its pungent odor caused by the bacteria Brevibacterium linens, which smells like strong body odor and particularly smelly feet. 

Manufacture

While today most Limburger is produced in Germany, Herve cheese is a type of Limburger which is still produced in the territory of the old Duchy of Limburg. Herve is located near Liège, and the borders separating Belgium from the Netherlands and Germany. The "Pays de Herve" is a hilly area between the Vesdre and Meuse rivers.

In the US, it was first produced in 1867 by Rudolph Benkerts in his cellar from pasteurized goat's milk.  A few years later, 25 factories produced this cheese. The Chalet Cheese Cooperative in Monroe, Wisconsin is the only American company that makes this cheese. It is also manufactured in Canada, where it is a German-Canadian cultural marker, by the Oak Grove Cheese Company in New Hamburg, Ontario.

Description

In its first month, the cheese is firmer and more crumbly, similar to the texture of feta cheese. After about six weeks, the cheese becomes softer along the edges but is still firm on the inside and can be described as salty and chalky. After two months of its life, it is mostly creamy and much smoother. Once it reaches three months, the cheese produces its notorious smell because of the bacterium used to ferment Limburger cheese and many other smear-ripened cheeses.   This is Brevibacterium linens, the same one found on human skin that is partially responsible for body odor and particularly foot odor.

Uses

One of the most traditional forms of eating limburger is the limburger sandwich. After three months, when the cheese has ripened, it becomes spreadable. The cheese is often spread thick (> 0.5 cm) on firm-textured 100% rye bread, with a large, thick slice of onion, and is typically served with strong black coffee or lager beer. Alternatively, for heartier eaters, chunks or slices of the cheese up to 1.5 cm thick can be cut off the block and placed in the sandwich. This sandwich still remains very popular among the descendants of German immigrants residing in the midwest part of America, such as in Cincinnati, or German Village in Columbus, Ohio. However, it is markedly less popular among the descendants born after ca. 1960, mainly because of the permeating smell, and the inconvenience of going to specialty cheese and sausage shops to obtain it. In Wisconsin, the Limburger sandwich can be found on menus at certain restaurants, accompanied by brown mustard. 

Limburger and its characteristic odor are a frequent butt of jokes and gags. Reactions to, and misinterpretations of, the smell of limburger cheese were gags used in numerous Little Rascals and Three Stooges comedy shorts.  Also, the arch-enemy of the Biker Mice from Mars has the name Lawrence Limburger, complete with terrible body odor.

In 2006, a study showing that the malaria mosquito (Anopheles gambiae) is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology.   The results of the study were published in the medical journal The Lancet on 9 November 1996.

Nutrition facts

28 grams of Limburger contains 5 grams of saturated fat and 8 grams of total fat. 67 of the 92 calories in the 28 grams are from fat.
Question:
From which country does 'Limburger' cheese come?
Answer:
Belguim
Passage:
Raymond Francis
Raymond Francis (6 October 1911 – 24 October 1987) was an English actor best known for his role as Detective Chief Superintendent Tom Lockhart in the Associated-Rediffusion detective series Murder Bag, Crime Sheet and No Hiding Place. He played the role of Lockhart in these series from 1956 to 1967, and the character was one of the first recurring television detectives.

Born in London, his first listed television role was as Dr. Watson alongside Alan Wheatley's Holmes in a 1951 BBC TV series entitled Sherlock Holmes, the earliest TV adaptation of the tales. He later reprised the role in a 1984 film The Case of Marcel Duchamp.

His distinguished appearance often led to roles as senior policemen, military men and English aristocracy; he played such parts in series including Dickens of London, Edward & Mrs. Simpson, The Cedar Tree, Tales of the Unexpected, After Julius, Drummonds, the first Joan Hickson Miss Marple episode "The Body in the Library" as Sir Henry Clithering, and his final appearance was in a 1987 Ruth Rendell Mysteries adaptation.

He was also a noted stage actor and made several appearances in films such as Carrington V.C. and Reach for the Sky. He was married to actress Margaret Towner and had three children; his son Clive Francis is also an actor.

Selected filmography

* Mr. Denning Drives North (1952)
* Above Us the Waves (1955)
* Carrington V.C. (1955)
* Storm Over the Nile (1955)
* Doublecross (1956)
* Bhowani Junction (1956)
* Reach for the Sky (1956)
* The Man in the Sky (1957)
* The Steel Bayonet (1957)
* Just My Luck (1957)
* It Shouldn't Happen to a Vet (1977)
* The Case of Marcel Duchamp (1984)
Question:
Television: which British police series of the 1960s starred Raymond Francis as Chief Superintendent Lockhart?
Answer:
No Hiding Place
Passage:
Black Sheep Brewery
The Black Sheep Brewery is a brewery in Masham in the Borough of Harrogate in North Yorkshire, England.

History

The Black Sheep Brewery was established by Paul Theakston in 1991. Following a successful launch as a Business Expansion Scheme, it became a public limited company (plc) in 1992. Paul Theakston had been managing director of Theakstons brewery, also in Masham, since 1968. He began at the age of 23, taking over from his father, Frank Theakston.

Theakstons brewery was bought by Matthew Brown following disagreements between members of the family and other shareholders, and in 1987 Matthew Brown was in turn taken over by Scottish and Newcastle. Paul Theakston left in 1988, and after a hiatus of more than a year purchased the North Yorkshire Malt Roasting Company, originally part of the former Lightfoot's brewery site, from an animal feed company, in order to start a new brewery in Masham.

Theakston wanted to use the Lightfoot name to bring back an old brewing tradition; however it was discovered that this name had already been trademarked by Scottish and Newcastle. The associations of Masham with sheep led Theakston to come up with the name "Sheep Brewery" which rapidly became "Black Sheep" at his wife's suggestion.The first and original Black Sheep Best Bitter was sold at the Bruce Arms by its Landlord, David Young.

The brewery produces a range of well-hopped bitters, to distinguish itself from Theakston's range of fruity and yeasty beers. The brewery quickly became successful after formation, and now produces over 75,000 barrels a year. The brewery has capitalised on its popularity by converting unused parts of the original maltings into a visitors centre to promote visits to the brewery itself.

The brewery re-launched their Emmerdale Ale as a lower-alcohol beer (formerly 5%) on 27 January 2006 at The Crown in Manfield for the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA). The launch party saw Chris Chittell (Eric Pollard from the Emmerdale TV series) pull the first pint of the new brew. Emmerdale Ale is no longer brewed. The night also marked the rebranding of Black Sheep's Special Ale (in cask form) as Black Sheep Ale, the name that it has been sold as in bottles since 1992, bringing both into line. 

In 2008, the brewery launched Draught Golden Sheep, a blonde cask beer with a refreshing citrus-hop flavour. It remains a seasonal brew. This, like all Black Sheep beers and indeed the brewing plant itself was created by Paul Ambler, Head Brewer since 1992 and later Operations Director. Paul Ambler has now retired. Comments Paul Theakston, "Over the years, Paul Ambler has been a fierce champion of the quality of our beer, which is the keystone of our success".

All bottled beers brewed by the Black Sheep Brewery are suitable for both vegetarians and vegans. 

Cask beers

* Black Sheep Ale (formerly Special Ale), 4.4%
* Best Bitter, 3.8%. The brewery's best-known product, available at a large number of pubs in the UK. 
* Riggwelter, 5.9%
* Golden Sheep, 3.9%

According to the website, "...Riggwelter takes its name from the local Yorkshire Dales dialect – when a sheep is on its back and can’t get up without help, local dialect says it is riggwelted.  This dialect word comes from the old Viking words: ‘rigg’(rygg) meaning back and ‘velte’ to overturn (the words and their meaning are still largely the same in the modern North Germanic languages).   Riggwelter is also popular in Sweden, being in the top 20 of bottled ales sold in that country. 

Bottled beers

* Black Sheep Ale (formerly Special Ale in cask form), 4.4%
* Monty Python's Holy Grail Ale, 4.7% The official Ale of the Monty Python franchise
* Riggwelter, 5.7%
* Golden Sheep, 4.7% (originally produced specially for Tesco as part of their "Finest" range, now available elsewhere)
* Yorkshire Square Ale, 5.0%, named after a particular fermentation system originated over 200 years ago using double decked vessels called "squares" made of slate or stone. The brewery stopped using the slate squares 10 years ago, replaced with modern stainless steel round equivalents. The label's distinctive square sheep icon and sunset background was designed by Middlesbrough born artist Mackenzie Thorpe.
*Imperial Russian, 8.5% special brew porter.
Question:
In which town will you find the Black Sheep brewery?
Answer:
Mashamshire
