Passage:
Vassili Samarsky-Bykhovets
Vasili Evgrafovich Samarsky–Bykhovets (; November 7, 1803 – May 31, 1870) was a Russian mining engineer and the chief of Russian Mining Engineering Corps between 1845 and 1861. The mineral samarskite (samarskite-Y, samarskite-Yb and calciosamarskite),[http://bse.sci-lib.com/article099149.html Samarskite] Great Soviet Encyclopedia (in Russian) and chemical element samarium are named after him. He was the first person whose  name was given to a chemical element.[http://www.rsc.org/chemistryworld/podcast/Interactive_Periodic_Table_Transcripts/Samarium.asp Chemistry in Its Element – Samarium], Royal Society of Chemistry[http://elements.vanderkrogt.net/element.php?sym
Sm Samarium: History & Etymology]

Biography

Samarsky–Bykhovets was born in a noble family in the Tomsk Oblast, located in the Asian part of Russia beyond the Ural Mountains. He received military engineer education at the local Mining Cadet Corps, and after graduation in 1823 served in a military position at the Kolyvan-Resurrection plants and the associated mines in the Urals. In 1828, he was transferred to Saint Petersburg, where he consecutively assumed positions of an assistant in the Cabinet of His Imperial Majesty, chief clerk of the Mining Department, senior aide, and staff officer in the Corps of Mining Engineers. In 1834, he was promoted to the rank of captain and in 1845 to colonel. The next year he was appointed as Chief of Staff of the Corps of Mining Engineers and remained in that position until 1861. While Chief of Staff, he began teaching at Saint Petersburg Mining Institute and eventually became a member of the scientific council there. He was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1860, and in 1861 became Chairman of the Board of the Corps of Mining Engineers, and also chairman of the Commission on the Revision of the Mining Charter. He took a three-months sabbatical leave in 1862 to attend an international scientific exhibition in London, and died in 1870. Samarsky–Bykhovets was a highly decorated officer with an impeccable career list.  

Relation to samarskite

Samarsky–Bykhovets himself was not involved in the studies of samarskite and samarium. As a mining official, he merely granted access to mineral samples from the Urals to the German mineralogist Gustav Rose. Rose in 1839 described a new mineral in those samples and named it uranotantalum believing that its composition is dominated by the chemical element tantalum. In 1846–47, his brother and colleague-mineralogist Heinrich Rose found that the major component of the mineral is niobium and suggested altering the name to avoid confusion. The newly chosen name samarskite merely acknowledged the role of Samarsky–Bykhovets in granting access to the mineral samples.   Later, several lanthanide elements had been isolated from this mineral, and one of them, samarium, was named after the mineral, once again honoring Samarsky–Bykhovets.
Question:
The Russian scientist Vasili Samarsky-Bykhovets has what pioneering connection with the periodic table of elements?
Answer:
First person whose name was given to a chemical element.
Passage:
Fuller's Brewery
Fuller's Brewery  (Fuller, Smith & Turner plc) is an independent family regional brewery founded in 1845 in Chiswick, West London.

John Fuller's Griffin Brewery dates from 1816; in 1845, his son, John Bird Fuller was joined by Henry Smith and John Turner to give the company its full name. The company's beers include 
London Pride.

Fuller's owns and operates over 380 pubs, inns and hotels across the south of England.

History

Beer has been brewed on Fuller's historic Griffin Brewery site in Chiswick since the seventeenth century. From the original brewery in the gardens of Bedford House on Chiswick Mall, the business expanded and thrived until the early part of the nineteenth century. Money problems forced the owners, Douglas and Henry Thompson and Philip Wood, to seek a partner. John Fuller, of Neston Park, Wiltshire was approached to see if he would inject the required amount of money. In 1829 he joined the enterprise, but the partnership proved a difficult one and in 1841 Douglas Thompson fled to France and the partnership was dissolved. It soon became apparent that it was impossible for one man with no brewing experience to run a brewery of that size alone so in 1845 John Fuller's son, John Bird Fuller, was joined by Henry Smith from the Romford Brewery of Ind & Smith and his brother-in-law, Head Brewer John Turner, thereby forming Fuller Smith & Turner.

Griffin Brewery

The first record of the Griffin Brewery in Chiswick dates from 1816, when one of the owners of the company at the time, Douglas Thompson, acquired the name from a failed brewery (Meux & Reid) in the City of London.   As well as its range of beers, The Griffin Brewery, on the A4 in Chiswick, is famous for having the oldest wisteria plant in the UK, planted in the early 19th century.  The public can take a guided tour of the site. 

Beers

Fuller’s is well known as the brewer of London Pride and other award-winning ales such as Chiswick Bitter, ESB and 1845. 
Its beers are exported to about 70 countries around the world. Its biggest market is currently Sweden. 
Its London Porter has won awards including World's Best Standard Porter and Europe's Best Standard Porter at the World Beer Awards,  and Champion Keg of Great Britain. 
Fuller's 1845 has won awards including CAMRA's Champion Bottle Conditioned Beer in 1998.  In February 1995 while visiting the Griffin Brewery, HRH Prince Charles added a handful of hops to a copper of 1845.  Fuller's Vintage Ale is released around Christmas and has been made since 1997. In 2002, the year of the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II, Fuller's added Goldings hops and Golden Promise malt to its Vintage Ale.  Past Masters XX Strong Ale is a bottle-conditioned 7.5% strong ale based on a September 1891 entry in the brewing logs. It is made using Plumage Archer barley.  Fuller's Past Masters Double Stout is a 7.4% bottle conditioned dark and creamy stout based on an August 1893 entry in the brewing logs. It was released in 2011 and is also made using Plumage Archer barley.  Fuller's 1966 Strong Ale was released in 2013 using a recipe from June 1966. It is a ruby coloured ale brewed with pale ale malt, Goldings and Fuggles hops and cane sugars.  Fuller's Brewer's Reserve is a collection of four bottled beers: No. 1 - a 7.7% strong ale launched in 2008 which spent 500 days in 30-year-old single malt whisky casks;  No. 2 - an 8.2% ale oak aged in Courvoisier Cognac casks;  No. 3 - a 9.0% beer matured for more than two years in Auchentoshan distillery whisky casks;  No. 4 - an 8.5% beer matured in Comte de Lauvia Armagnac casks for a year. 
Gales HSB (Horndean Special Bitter) is a cask conditioned 4.8% bitter. It was first brewed in 1959; Gales was originally brewed in Horndean, Hampshire.  

Pubs

Fuller's owns and operates over 380 pubs, inns and hotels across the south of England,  with over 180 managed pubs and hotels, and over 200 tenanted pubs. In 2005, Fuller’s added 111 pubs to its estate with the purchase of George Gale & Co. of Horndean, Hampshire. The "brewery tap" (the nearest pub to the brewery) is the Mawson Arms, a Grade II* listed building. 

Financial information

Notes
Question:
Fuller’s beer is brewed in the Griffin brewery in which London district?
Answer:
Chiswick, United Kingdom
Passage:
Columbus sailed the ocean blue - Teaching Heart
Here is the complete 1492 poem:
IN 1492
Columbus sailed the ocean blue.
He had three ships and left  from Spain;
He sailed through sunshine, wind and rain.
He sailed by  night; he sailed by day;
He used the stars to find his way.
A compass  also helped him know
How to find the way to go.
Ninety sailors were on  board;
Some men worked while others snored.
Then the workers went to  sleep;
And others watched the ocean deep.
Day after day they looked  for land;
They dreamed of trees and rocks and sand.
October 12 their  dream came true,
You never saw a happier crew!
"Indians!  Indians!"  Columbus cried;
His heart was filled with joyful  pride.
But "India" the land was not;
It was the Bahamas, and  it was hot.
The Arakawa natives were very nice;
They gave the sailors  food and spice.
Columbus sailed on to find some gold
To bring back  home, as he'd been told.
He made the trip again and again,
Trading  gold to bring to Spain.
The first American?  No, not quite.
But  Columbus was brave, and he was bright.
Columbus Day Song
(sung to the tune of "The Farmer in the  Dell")
In 1492,
Columbus sailed across the sea,
In  1492.
For 70 days he sailed,
For 70 days he sailed,
Columbus sailed  across the sea,
For 70 days he sailed.
He came to a new land,
He  came to a new land,
Columbus sailed across the sea,
And came to a new  land.
Exploring he did go,
Columbus sailed  across the sea,
Exploring he did go.
He sailed back home to  Spain,
He sailed back home to Spain,
Columbus sailed across the  sea,
Then sailed back home to Spain.
Christopher Columbus
Columbus sailed the ocean blue.
October 12th they sighted  land,
And set their feet upon new sand.
Teaching is a Work of Heart
Question:
In what year did Columbus sail the ocean blue?
Answer:
1492
Passage:
Chris Brasher
Christopher William Brasher CBE (21 August 1928 – 28 February 2003) was a British track and field athlete, sports journalist and co-founder of the London Marathon. 

History

Born in Georgetown, Guyana, Brasher went to Rugby School and then St John's College, Cambridge.

On 6 May 1954, he acted as pacemaker for Roger Bannister when the latter ran the first sub-four-minute mile at Iffley Road Stadium in Oxford. Brasher paced Bannister for the first two laps, while his friend Chris Chataway paced the third. Two years later, at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Brasher finished first in the 3,000 metres steeplechase with a time of 8 minutes 41.2 seconds, but was disqualified for allegedly interfering with another runner, Ernst Larsen of Norway. The following day, after an investigation, he was reinstated as gold medallist. 

He was one of the pioneers of orienteering in Britain and can claim the first public mention of the sport in an article in The Observer in 1957:

"I have just taken part, for the first time, in one of the best sports in the world. It is hard to know what to call it. The Norwegians call it 'orientation'..." 

He had distinguished careers in journalism as sports editor for The Observer newspaper and in broadcasting, as a reporter for the Tonight programme.

In 1971 he founded Chris Brasher's Sporting Emporium which later became Sweatshop.  In 1978 he designed the innovative Brasher Boot – a walking boot with the comfort of a running shoe. In their time these were amongst the best but recently there have been product quality issues.

In 1981 John Disley and Brasher founded the London Marathon.  In 1983 he became the second president of the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races, an office which he held until 1987. 

Also in 1983 Brasher partnered with his longtime friend John Disley to found Fleetfoot Limited in Lancaster, England. Fleetfoot distributed The Brasher Boot and other sporting goods to retailers. Fleetfoot acquired the rights to be the UK distributor of Reebok and subsequently traded as Reebok UK before becoming a subsidiary of Pentland Industries in 1988.  After the acquisition by Pentland, Brasher remained active in the company as chairman of the board. Reebok UK was sold to Reebok International in 1990 when Pentland Group sold its 55% ownership of Reebok USA and Reebok International.

Brasher was married to tennis champion Shirley Brasher née Bloomer.

Brasher was awarded the CBE in 1996.

He was awarded the Royal Scottish Geographical Society's Livingstone Medal in 2002. 

In 2003, he died at his home in Chaddleworth, Berkshire, after struggling for several months against pancreatic cancer.
Question:
In which event did Chris Brasher win his gold medal in the 1956 Olympics?
Answer:
Steeplechases
Passage:
Odd One In
Odd One In was a British comedy panel game show, broadcast on the ITV Network. It is hosted by Bradley Walsh. The regular Home Team are Peter Andre and Jason Manford, the Away Team are two guest celebrities who change each week.

Format

Two teams take on a guessing game with a series of unusual, unlikely and often unbelievable line-ups. The celebrity teams have to work out who in each line up has the odd skill, talent or secret.

The teams are allowed to ask questions to the line up, to determine which of the number of available choice is the Odd One In.

In the first series, playing along are a section of the audience who have keypads to record their results, after the penultimate lineup the top scoring audience member is chose to compete for a £5,000 cash prize if they can spot the final Odd One In with the help of the two teams and the audience.

For the second series the audience no longer has the keypads or play for the cash prize.  The final round is replaced with the Familiar Faces round where a member of each of the previous rounds return for one last Odd One In.

Transmissions

Original series

Specials
Question:
Who was the host of the first two series of the UK television panel game show ‘Odd One In’?
Answer:
Bradley Walsh
Passage:
What are archery target rings called? | Reference.com
What are archery target rings called? | Reference.com
What are archery target rings called?
A:
Quick Answer
The rings on an archery target are called scoring rings. Standard archery boards feature a face of 10 evenly spaced scoring rings. The rings carry values of one through 10 points, with five colors representing two rings each.
Full Answer
The smallest rings in the center of the target are gold, featuring values of 10 and nine points. Extending outward and increasing in size are a red ring for eight or seven points, a blue ring for six and five points, a black ring for four and three points, and a white ring for two points and one point. An arrow resting on the border of two rings is known as a line breaker or line cutter, and it is always awarded the higher of the two values.
Question:
What colour is the outermost ring of an archery target?
Answer:
White (Colour)
Passage:
Wenceslas Square
Wenceslas Square (Czech: , colloquially Václavák)  is one of the main city squares and the centre of the business and cultural communities in the New Town of Prague, Czech Republic. Many historical events occurred there, and it is a traditional setting for demonstrations, celebrations, and other public gatherings. The square is named after Saint Wenceslas, the patron saint of Bohemia. It is part of the historic centre of Prague, a World Heritage Site. 

Formerly known as Koňský trh (Horse Market), for its periodic accommodation of horse markets during the Middle Ages, it was renamed Svatováclavské náměstí (English: Saint Wenceslas square) in 1848 on the proposal of Karel Havlíček Borovský.

Features

Less a square than a boulevard, Wenceslas Square has the shape of a very long (750 m, total area 45,000 m2) rectangle, in a northwest–southeast direction. The street slopes upward to the southeast side. At that end, the street is dominated by the grand neoclassical Czech National Museum. The northwest end runs up against the border between the New Town and the Old Town.

History

In 1348, Bohemian King Charles IV founded the New Town of Prague. The plan included several open areas for markets, of which the second largest was the Koňský trh, or Horse Market (the largest was the Charles Square ). At the southeastern end of the market was the Horse Gate, one of the gates in the walls of the New Town.

During the Czech national revival movement in the 19th century, a more noble name for the street was requested. At this time the statue was built, and the square was renamed.

On 28 October 1918, Alois Jirásek read the proclamation of independence of Czechoslovakia in front of the Saint Wenceslas statue.

The Nazis used the street for mass demonstrations. During the Prague Uprising in 1945, a few buildings near the National Museum were destroyed. They were later replaced by department stores.

On 16 January 1969, student Jan Palach set himself on fire in Wenceslas Square to protest the invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union in 1968.

On 28 March 1969, the Czechoslovakian national ice hockey team defeated the USSR team for the second time in that year's Ice Hockey World Championships. As the country was still under Soviet occupation, the victory induced great celebrations. Perhaps 150,000 people gathered on Wenceslas Square, and skirmishes with police developed. A group of agents provocateurs provoked an attack on the Prague office of the Soviet airline Aeroflot, located on the street. The vandalism served as a pretext for reprisals and the period of so-called normalization.

In 1989, during the Velvet Revolution, large demonstrations (with hundreds of thousands of people or more) were held here.

Wenceslas Square is lined by hotels, offices, retail stores, currency exchange booths and fast-food joints. To the dismay of locals and city officials, the street is also a popular location for prostitutes to ply their trade late at night. Many strip clubs exist on and around Wenceslas Square, making Prague a popular location for stag parties.

Art and architecture 

The two obvious landmarks of Wenceslas Square are at the southeast, uphill end: the 1885–1891 National Museum Building, designed by Czech architect Josef Schulz, and the statue of Wenceslas.

Other significant buildings on the square include:

* Antonin Pfeiffer and Matěj Blecha's Palác Koruna office building and shopping center, #1–2, 1912–1914, with architectural sculpture by Vojtěch Sucharda
* Ludvík Kysela's Lindt Building, No. 4, an early work of architectural constructivism
* the BAŤA shoe store, No. 6, 1929
* Matěj Blecha and Emil Králíček's Adam Pharmacy, No. 8, 1911–1913
* Jan Kotěra's Peterka Building, No. 12, 1899–1900
* Pavel Janák's Hotel Juliš, No. 22, 1926
* Alois Dryák's Hotel Evropa, #25–27, 1905 redesign, with architectural sculptor Ladislav Šaloun
* Antonin Wiehl's Wiehl House, No. 34, 1896
* the Melantrich Building, No. 36, 1914, where Alexander Dubček and Václav Havel appeared together on its balcony in November 1989, a major event of the Velvet Revolution
* [http://www.adria.cz/en/about-hotel/history-since-1912 Hotel Adria], No 26, reconstruction in 1912, in 1918 sold to František Tichý, Burian’s Theatre (1925–1928)

Transport

The Prague Metro's line A runs underneath Wenceslas Square, and the Metro's two busiest stations, Muzeum (lines A and C) and Můstek (lines A and B), have entrances on the street. Tram tracks running the length of the street were removed from the street in 1980; a proposal to reintroduce trams is under consideration. Currently trams bisect the square only. Most of the street is open to automobile traffic; the northwestern end is pedestrianised.

Literary references

*A tavern in the square, the Golden Goose, is mentioned in Franz Kafka's Amerika, as the place where the Manageress previously worked.
*Wenceslas Square is the name of a theatrical play by Larry Shue, which is set in Prague.
*Wenceslas Square is the name of a story written by Arthur Phillips, which takes place in Czechoslovakia at the end of the Cold War. The story was published in the compendium [https://books.google.com/books?idvxUDAAAACAAJ&dq
wild+east:+stories+from+the+last+frontier Wild East: Stories from the Last Frontier], and featured in [http://www.thislife.org/Radio_Episode.aspx?sched=1199 Episode 337] of the radio show This American Life.
* "Wenceslas Square" featured in Marc Adnitt's short film "You Want Christmas?" in December 2008.
Question:
Wenceslas Square is in which capital city?
Answer:
City of Prague
Passage:
Potion
A potion (from Latin potio "drink") is a magical medicine, drug or poison in liquid form.

In mythology and literature, a potion is usually made by a magician, dragon, fairy or witch and has magical properties. It is used for various motives including the healing, bewitching or poisoning of people.  For example, love potions for those who wish to fall in love (or become deeply infatuated) with another; sleeping potions to cause long-term or eternal sleep (in folklore, this can range from the normal REM sleep to a deathlike coma); and elixirs to heal/cure any wound/malady.

Creation of potions of different kinds was a common practice of alchemy, and was commonly associated with witchcraft, as in The Tragedy of Macbeth by William Shakespeare.

During the 19th century, it was common in certain countries to see wandering charlatans offering curative potions. These were eventually dismissed as quackery.

In modern fantasy, potions are often portrayed as spells in liquid form, capable of causing a variety of effects, including healing, amnesia, infatuation, transformation, invisibility, and invulnerability.
Question:
A philtre (in US-English, philter) - pronounced 'filter' - is a potion for what?
Answer:
Idealized love
Passage:
Leader of the Liberal Party (UK)
The Liberal Party was formally established in 1859 and existed until merging with the Social Democratic Party in 1988 to create the Liberal Democrats.

Leadership selection 1859–1969

Before the adoption of the 1969 constitution of the party, the party was led by the prime minister or the most recent politically active prime minister from the party. In the absence of one of these, the leaders in the House of Lords and House of Commons were of equal status and jointly led the party.

When a new leader was required, with the party in government, the monarch selected him by appointing someone as Prime Minister. However, in 1916 David Lloyd George, with the support of a minority of the Liberal MPs, formed a coalition government. H. H. Asquith, the former Prime Minister, remained as Liberal Party leader. Asquith retained the leadership until his health failed in 1926, including periods when he was not in Parliament or was a peer. He was the last leader of the whole party under the original arrangements for leadership.

When no overall party leader was a member of a House and a new leader was required in opposition, a leader emerged and was approved by party members in that House. From 1919 the Chairman of the Liberal Parliamentary Party, elected by MPs, functioned as the leader in the House of Commons. This required all the leaders after Asquith to retain their seat, to continue as leader. After 1926 the leader in the House of Commons was clearly pre-eminent over the leader in the House of Lords.

In 1931 Lloyd George was leader in the House of Commons, but he was ill when negotiations led to the formation of the National Government. Sir Herbert Samuel, who had been the deputy leader, was effectively the leader of the mainstream party from the time when he entered the government. This was made formal after the 1931 election.

Leadership selection 1969–1988

Under the original provisions of the 1969 party constitution, the MPs elected one of their number to be Leader of the Liberal Party. This was the same system as that used for the last MP only contested leadership election in 1967, when Jeremy Thorpe became leader after a vote split between three candidates of 6-3-3.

As the number of Liberal MPs was very small (between 6 and 14 in the period the MPs retained the sole power of election) party members argued for a wider franchise. Before the leadership election of 1976, all members were given a vote in an electoral college based on allocating electoral votes to constituency associations (which were then divided proportionately to the votes of the members of the association). The candidates were required to be members of the House of Commons, nominated by a quarter of the MPs. The electoral college system was only used once, when David Steel was elected leader.

Lists of Liberal Party Leaders

Leaders of the Liberal Party

Leaders of the Liberal Party in the House of Commons

Leaders of the Liberal Party in the House of Lords

Notes
Question:
Who was the last Leader of the Liberal Party?
Answer:
Lady Judy Steel
Passage:
Dimitri Tsafendas
Dimitri Tsafendas (; 14 January 1918  – 7 October 1999) is known as the assassin of Prime Minister of South Africa Hendrik Verwoerd, the "Architect of Apartheid" on 6 September 1966.  Tsafendas, working as a parliamentary messenger, stabbed Verwoerd with a dagger during a parliamentary session.

Early life

Tsafendas was born in Lourenço Marques (today's Maputo) to Michaelis Tsafendas (also spelled Miguel Tsafandakis), a Greek seaman, and Amelia Williams, a Mozambican of mixed race. He was sent to Egypt after his first year to live with his grandmother.   He returned to Mozambique five years later; then, at the age of ten, moved to Transvaal, where he attended Middleburg Primary School from 1928–1930. He then returned to Mozambique and attended a church school for the next two years.

From age 16, Tsafendas worked at various jobs. He joined the South African Communist Party in the 1930s.  He became a seaman in the merchant marine in 1941.  He served aboard a US convoy ship after the outbreak of the Second World War, and spent the next 20 years travelling. He began to experience psychotic episodes that resulted in short periods of institutionalisation in various countries, including a 6-month detention on Ellis Island where he was diagnosed as schizophrenic.

During his wanderings, he picked up 8 languages, and upon his return to South Africa, he worked for a time as a translator. Tsafendas was shunned in white circles in South Africa because of his dark skin, though under the apartheid system's racial laws he was classified as white.  However, because of his dark appearance, he faced taunts and ostracism from white South African society throughout his life.

He had become a baptised member of the Two by Twos sect while visiting Greece, and associated with its members after returning to South Africa on a temporary visa.   Shortly before the assassination, Tsafendas applied for reclassification from "white" to "coloured" so that he could legally live with his mixed-race girlfriend, but his application was turned down.[http://www.nytimes.com/2001/06/24/books/the-worm-did-it.html "The Worm Did It"], New York Times (book review), 24 June 2001[http://www.newstatesman.com/node/137212 "The assassin and the tapeworm"], by Jon Robins, New Statesman, 27 March 2000

Assassination

In 1966, Tsafendas, at the age of forty-eight, obtained a temporary position as a parliamentary messenger. A month later on 6 September, Prime Minister Hendrik Verwoerd entered the House of Assembly and made his way to his seat. Tsafendas approached him, drew a concealed knife, and stabbed Dr. Verwoerd about four times in the torso before he could be pulled away by other members of parliament.  

Tsafendas received non-life-threatening injuries during the attempt. Although the assassination was apparently deliberate, he had no plan for escape and was easily apprehended.  He was taken into police custody, then moved to a hospital where he was interviewed. Later, he was returned to jail pending trial. 

Aftermath and trial

Following the assassination, leaders in the anti-apartheid movement distanced themselves from any association with Tsafendas. He was also disowned by the Two by Twos church. Although there seemed to be no rational political motivation behind the deed, six days after the assassination, Tsafendas told the police that he had killed Verwoerd because he was "so disgusted with the racial policy". One source indicates that Tsafendas believed that Verwoerd "was helping blacks at the expense of whites." 

At his trial, Judge Andries Beyers declared Tsafendas not guilty of murder by reason of insanity.  He had been diagnosed as being schizophrenic and it was claimed by police and his defence that he had said that he had a giant tapeworm inside him, which spoke to him.  The court ordered that he be detained "at the pleasure of the State President", which meant that only the State President (later President) had the authority to order his release.  He was never discharged.

Tsafendas was at first given a cell on death row in Pretoria Central Prison, next to the room in which men were hanged, sometimes seven at a time.  In 1986, he was transferred to Zonderwater Prison near Cullinan. In 1994, he was transferred again, this time to Sterkfontein psychiatric hospital outside Krugersdorp. In 1999, Liza Key was allowed to conduct two televised interviews with him, for a documentary called "A Question of Madness"; she put forward the suggestion that he may have been acting as part of a wider conspiracy. 

Death

Tsafendas, at the age of 81,  died in October 1999 of pneumonia aggravated by chronic heart failure. At the time of his death, he was not regarded as a hero in anti-apartheid circles, which sent no members to attend his funeral.  The funeral was held according to Greek Orthodox rites, and he was buried in an unmarked grave outside Sterkfontein Hospital.  Fewer than ten people attended the service.

In popular culture

An award-winning play entitled Tsafendas by Anton Krueger was presented to South African audiences in 2002. A London production entitled I.D. was written by the noted Shakespearean actor Antony Sher, who had lived in Cape Town at the time of the incident. I.D. premiered at the Almeida Theatre in London in 2003, followed by an American debut in 2005.
Question:
Who was fatally stabbed by Dimitri Tsafendas?
Answer:
Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd
Passage:
In Search of the Fourth Chord
In Search of the Fourth Chord is the twenty-eighth studio album by English rock band Status Quo, released on 17 September 2007. The title is a tongue-in-cheek reference to the rumour that the group always plays the same three chords, and a reference to the album In Search of the Lost Chord by British rock band The Moody Blues. The album's artwork is a parody of the Indiana Jones films.

The album saw the return of producer Pip Williams for the first time since 1996's Don't Stop.  It entered the UK album charts at number 15. 

The track "Bad News" also marks bassist John "Rhino" Edwards' first lead vocal on an original Status Quo song: his son Freddie also plays the guitar solo on the track. This track and "Gravy Train" (sung by Parfitt) are also the first two Status Quo tracks that were written solely by Rhino.

Track listing

# "Beginning of the End" (Francis Rossi, John Edwards) – 4:23
# "Alright" (Rick Parfitt, Wayne Morris) – 4:12
# "Pennsylvania Blues Tonight" (Rossi, Bob Young) – 3:44
# "I Don't Wanna Hurt You Anymore" (Rossi, Young) – 4:00
# "Electric Arena" (Rossi, Young) – 5:25
# "Gravy Train" (Edwards) – 3:23
# "Figure of Eight" (Andy Bown) – 4:08
# "You're the One for Me" (Matt Letley) – 3:30
# "My Little Heartbreaker" (Rossi, Young) – 3:50
# "Hold Me" (Rick Parfitt, Simon Climie, Wayne Morris) – 4:33
# "Saddling Up" (Rossi, Bown) – 3:42
# "Bad News" (Edwards) – 5:05
# "Tongue Tied" (Rossi, Young) – 4:21

UK bonus track

"I Ain't Wastin' My Time" (Rossi, Young) – 3:36

Europe bonus track (excluding France)

"One by One" (Parfitt, Young) – 4:12

Germany bonus track CD

*-CD2: Exclusive Bonus Live CD, Recorded live at the National Arboretum Westonbirt, Tetbury, Sunday 22 June 2008
#"Caroline" (Rossi, Young) - 6:19 Live	 
#"Beginning of the End" (Rossi, Edwards) - 4:14 Live
#"In the Army Now" (Rob Bolland, Fred Bolland) - 4:04 Live
#"Down Down" (Rossi, Young) - 4:45 Live
#"Whatever You Want" (Parfitt, Bown) - 5:34 Live
#"Rockin' All Over the World" (John Cameron Fogerty) - 3:50 Live
#"Beginning of the End" (Rossi, Edwards) – Video  Live

Personnel

*Francis Rossi - Vocals & lead guitar
*Rick Parfitt - Vocals & guitar
*John Edwards - Bass & vocals
*Andy Bown - Keyboards
*Matt Letley - Drums

Additional personnel

*Chloe du Pré – choir on track 13, cello on track 14 on European edition
*Freddie Edwards – guitars & solo on track 12
*Gregg Jackman – Logic programming
*Daniel Jackman – second bass on track 13
*Laura Macara – choir on track 13
*Kevin McAlea – keyboards on track 4
*Pip Williams – additional guitars
*Bob Young – harmonica on tracks 3 and 9, track 14 on UK edition
Recorded at Hear No Evil Studios And ARSIS Studios
Question:
"Whose 33rd album was called ""In Search of the Fourth Chord""?"
Answer:
Statu quo
Passage:
Justine | Malden Public Library | BiblioCommons
Justine | Malden Public Library | BiblioCommons
lukasevansherman Apr 12, 2015
"Does not everything depend on our interpretation of the silence around us?"
I was reading Henry Miller's book about his time in Greece, "The Colossus of Maroussi," and the English novelist Lawrence Durrell, who lived in Greece, makes a number of appearances. His reputation rests on "The Alexandria Quartet," which came out between 1957 and 1960 and is ranked by the Modern Library as one of the 100 best novels of the 20th century. The other reviewers clearly loved it, but I couldn't get into it and found it pretty dull. Followed by "Balthazar." I do like the cover, which was done by a tattoo artist.
Like
e
exlibrarian Jan 24, 2011
I don't think that Balthasar is the second one in the series. Isn't it Clea?? It's vital that you read them in the correct order. It's a magnificent series. I'm about to read it again after a long time. I usually rate it as one of my all-time favourites when people ask.
Like
u
unreg_69632563 Oct 22, 2009
This book blew me away. One of the most powerful experiences I have had with a novel. Totally unexpected and wonderful. Beautiful beautiful beautiful.
Sadly, I was not as blown away by the next book in the series - Balthazar
Like
Question:
What Egyptian city was once home to the world's greatest library?
Answer:
Ἀλεξάνδρεια
Passage:
Road to Emmaus appearance
The Road to Emmaus appearance is one of the early resurrection appearances of Jesus after his crucifixion and the discovery of the empty tomb.    Both the Meeting on the road to Emmaus and the subsequent Supper at Emmaus, depicting the meal that Jesus had with two disciples after the encounter on the road, have been popular subjects in art.

Biblical accounts

The Gospel of  describes the encounter on the road and the supper at Emmaus, and states that a disciple named Cleopas was walking towards Emmaus with another disciple when they met Jesus. They did not recognize him, and discussed their sadness at recent events with him. They persuaded him to come and eat with them, and in the course of the meal they recognized him.

The Gospel of  has a similar account that describes the appearance of Jesus to two disciples while they were walking in the country, at about the same time in the Gospel narrative,  although it does not name the disciples or the destination as Emmaus:

Afterward Jesus appeared in a different form to two of them while they were walking in the country. These returned and reported it to the rest; but they did not believe them either. 

The Gospel of Luke states that Jesus stayed and had supper with the two disciples after the encounter on the road:

As they approached the village to which they were going, Jesus acted as if he were going farther. But they urged him strongly, "Stay with us, for it is nearly evening; the day is almost over." So he went in to stay with them.
 

The detailed narration of this episode is considered by some as one of the best sketches of a biblical scene in the Gospel of Luke.  In this account, Jesus appears to Cleopas and one other disciple, but "their eyes were holden" at first so that they could not recognize him. Later "in the breaking of bread", "their eyes were opened" and they recognized him. B. P. Robinson argues that this means that the recognition occurred in the course of the meal,  but Raymond Blacketer notes that "many, perhaps even most, commentators, ancient and modern and in-between, have seen the revelation of Jesus' identity in the breaking of bread as having some kind of eucharistic referent or implication." 

In art

Both the encounter on the road and the ensuing supper have been depicted in art, but the supper has received more attention.  Medieval art tends to show a moment before Jesus is recognized; Christ wears a large floppy hat to help explain the initial lack of recognition by the disciples. This is often a large pilgrim's hat with badges or, rarely, a Jewish hat.  However, the depiction of the supper has been a more popular theme, at least since the Renaissance, showing Jesus eating with the disciples.  Often the moment of recognition is shown.

Rembrandt's 1648 depiction of the Supper builds on the etching that he did six years earlier, in which the disciple on the left had risen, hands clasped in prayer. In both depictions, the disciples are startled and in awe but not in fear. The servant is oblivious to the theophanic moment taking place during the supper. 

Caravaggio's painting in London and his painting in Milan were six years apart, and both imitate natural color very well, but both were criticized for lack of decorum. Caravaggio depicted Jesus without a beard, and the London painting shows fruits on the table that are out of season. Moreover, the inn keeper is shown serving with a hat. 

Some other artists who have portrayed the Supper are Jacopo Bassano, Pontormo, Vittore Carpaccio, Philippe de Champaigne, Albrecht Dürer, Benedetto Gennari, Jacob Jordaens, Marco Marziale, Pedro Orrente, Tintoretto, Titian, Velázquez, and Paolo Veronese. The supper was also the subject of one of Han van Meegeren's most successful Vermeer forgeries.

In literary art, the Emmaus theme is treated as early as the 12th century by Durham poet Laurentius in a semidramatic Latin poem. 

Gallery of art

File:Momo Chiesa SS Trinità Discepoli Emmaus.jpg|Oratory in Novara, 15th century
File:Momo Chiesa SS Trinità Cena in Emmaus.jpg|Supper at Emmaus, 15th century
File:Vincenzo Catena 014.jpg|Vincenzo Catena
File:Salon de Mercure-LE SOUPER A EMMAUS.jpg|Titian, 1535, Louvre
File:Lelio Orsi Camino de Emaús.jpg|The Meeting, by Lelio Orsi, 1560–65
File:Bruegel Jesus and the Disciples on the Road to Emmaus 1571.jpg|after Pieter Bruegel the Elder, 1571
File:Caravaggio - Cena in Emmaus.jpg|Caravaggio, 1601, London
File:CaravaggioEmmaus.jpg|Caravaggio, 1606, Milan
File:La cena de Emaús, by Diego Velázquez.jpg|Diego Velázquez, 1620, New York
File:Apparition du Christ aux pélerins d’Emmaüs by Laurent de La Hyre.jpg|Laurent de La Hyre, 1656
File:Bloemaert Emmaus.jpg|Abraham Bloemaert
File:Joseph von Führich 001.jpg|Joseph von Führich, 1837
File:Jungshoved Kirke - altertavlen.jpg|Bertel Thorvaldsen, 1840s
File:Zünd Gang nach Emmaus 1877.jpg|Robert Zünd, 1877

Jungian Perspective

Carl Jung regarded the road to Emmaus appearance as an instance of the mythological theme of the magical traveling companion that still appears spontaneously in dreams today.
Question:
Who painted ' Supper at Emmaus ' and ' The Anatomy Lesson ' ?
Answer:
Rembrandt
Passage:
Rag-and-bone man
A rag-and-bone man collects unwanted household items and sells them to merchants.  Traditionally this was a task performed on foot, with the scavenged materials (which included rags, bones and various metals) kept in a small bag slung over the shoulder.  Some wealthier rag-and-bone men used a cart, sometimes pulled by horse or pony.

Nineteenth-century rag-and-bone men typically lived in penury, surviving on the proceeds of what they collected each day.  Conditions improved following the Second World War, but the trade declined during the latter half of the 20th century.  Lately, however, due in part to the soaring price of scrap metal, rag-and-bone men can once again be seen at work.

19th century

In the UK, 19th-century rag-and-bone men scavenged unwanted rags, bones, metal and other waste, from the towns and cities where they lived.   Henry Mayhew's 1851 report, London Labour and the London Poor, estimates that in London, between 800 and 1,000 "bone-grubbers and rag-gatherers" lived in lodging houses, garrets and "ill-furnished rooms in the lowest neighbourhoods." 

These bone-grubbers, as they were sometimes known, would typically spend nine or ten hours searching the streets of London for anything of value, before returning to their lodgings to sort whatever they had found.  In rural areas where no rag merchants were present, rag-and-bone men often dealt directly with rag paper makers,  but in London they sold rag to the local trader.  White rag could fetch 2–3 pence per pound, depending on condition (all rag had to be dry before it could be sold).  Coloured rag was worth about two pence per pound.  Bones, worth about the same, could be used as knife handles, toys and ornaments, and when treated, for chemistry.  The grease extracted from them was also useful for soap-making.  Metal was more valuable; an 1836 edition of Chambers's Edinburgh Journal describes how "street-grubber[s]" could be seen scraping away the dirt between the paving stones of non-macadamised roads, searching for horseshoe nails.   Brass, copper and pewter was valued at about 4–5 pence per pound.  In a typical day, a rag-and-bone man might expect to earn about six pence.

Mayhew's report indicates that many who worked as rag-and-bone men did so after falling on hard times, and generally lived in squalor.  Although they usually started work well before dawn, they were not immune to the public's ire; in 1872 several rag-and-bone men in Westminster caused complaint when they emptied the contents of two dust trucks to search for rags, bones and paper, blocking people's path. 

In Paris, rag-pickers were regulated by law and could operate only at night.  They were required to return unusually valuable items either to their owners or to the authorities.   When Eugène Poubelle introduced the garbage can in 1884, he was criticised by French newspapers for meddling with the rag-pickers' livelihood. 

20th century

A 1954 report in The Manchester Guardian mentioned that some men could make as much as £25 a day collecting rags.  Most used handcarts rather than a bag, and some used a pony and cart, giving out rubbing stones in exchange for the items they collected.   In 1958 a Manchester Guardian reporter accompanied one rag-and-bone man, John Bibby, as he made his rounds through Chorlton and Stretford, near Manchester.  For his handcart's load, which comprised rags, furs, shoes, scrap car parts, a settee and other furniture, he made about £2. 

The rag-and-bone trade fell into decline; in the 1950s Manchester and Salford had, between them, around 60 rag merchants, but this had fallen to about 12 by 1978, many having moved into the scrap metal trade.  Local merchants blamed several factors, including demographic changes, for the decline of their industry.   A newspaper report of 1965 estimates that in London, only a "few hundred" rag-and-bone men remained, possibly due to competition from more specialised trades such as corporation dustmen, and pressure from property developers to build on rag merchants' premises.   Despite the BBC's popular Steptoe and Son, which helped maintain the rag-and-bone man's status in English folklore, by the 1980s they were mostly gone.  Lately, rising scrap metal prices have prompted their return, although most drive vans, not horses, and announce their presence by megaphone, causing some members of the public to complain about the noise created.
Question:
"What U K TV series about a father and son, rag and bone men, was the basis for the U S TV series ""Sandford and Son""?"
Answer:
Harold Steptoe
Passage:
Abscissa
In mathematics, an abscissa (; plural abscissae or abscissæ or abscissas) is the number whose absolute value (modulus) is the perpendicular distance of a point from the vertical axis. Usually this is the horizontal coordinate of a point in a two-dimensional rectangular Cartesian coordinate system.  The term can also refer to the horizontal axis (typically x-axis) of a two-dimensional graph (because that axis is used to define and measure the horizontal coordinates of points in the space).  An ordered pair consists of two terms—the abscissa (horizontal, usually x) and the ordinate (vertical, usually y)—which define the location of a point in two-dimensional rectangular space.

(\overbrace{x}^\text{abscissa}, \overbrace{y}^\text{ordinate})

Etymology 

Though the word "abscissa" (Latin; "linea abscissa", "a line cut off") has been used at least since De Practica Geometrie published in 1220 by Fibonacci (Leonardo of Pisa), its use in its modern sense may be due to Venetian mathematician Stefano degli Angeli in his work Miscellaneum Hyperbolicum, et Parabolicum of 1659. 

In his 1892 work Vorlesungen über Geschichte der Mathematik, Volume 2, ("Lectures on history of mathematics") German historian of mathematics  Moritz Cantor writes

"Wir kennen keine ältere Benutzung des Wortes Abssisse in lateinischen Originalschriften [than degli Angeli's]. Vielleicht kommt das Wort in Übersetzungen der Apollonischen Kegelschnitte vor, wo Buch I Satz 20 von ἀποτεμνομέναις die Rede ist, wofür es kaum ein entsprechenderes lateinisches Wort als abscissa geben möchte." 
 
"We know no earlier use of the word abscissa in Latin originals [than degli Angeli's]. Maybe the word descends from translations of the Apollonian conics, where in Book I, Chapter 20 there appears ἀποτεμνομέναις, for which there would hardly be as an appropriate Latin word as abscissa."

In parametric equations

In a somewhat obsolete variant usage, the abscissa of a point may also refer to any number that describes the point's location along some path, e.g. the parameter of a parametric equation.  Used in this way, the abscissa can be thought of as a coordinate-geometry analog to the independent variable in a mathematical model or experiment (with any ordinates filling a role analogous to dependent variables).

Examples

* For the point (2, 3), 2 is called the abscissa and 3 the ordinate.
* For the point (−1.5, −2.5), −1.5 is called the abscissa and −2.5 the ordinate.
Question:
On a graph the abscissa is paired with what?
Answer:
Ordinate
Passage:
1. What is made using soda, lime and silica? - Jade Wright ...
1. What is made using soda, lime and silica? - Jade Wright - Liverpool Echo
1. What is made using soda, lime and silica?
2. What type of material is produced in a ginnery?
 Share
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
2. What type of material is produced in a ginnery?
3. Who has written a series of letters entitled `Dear Fatty` in the form of an autobiography?
4. Who did Ted Turner, the media tycoon, marry in 1991?
5. What is the common name for epistaxis?
6. Who played Jane opposite Johnny Weissmuller’s Tarzan in 1932?
7. Which three letters did SOS as a Morse mayday signal?
8. Who created Wikipedia on the World Wide Web?
9. What was the breed of Columbo’s dog?
10. Which song contains the line “Spare him his life from this monstrosity”?
1. Glass; 2. Cotton; 3. Dawn French; 4. Jane Fonda; 5. Nose bleed; 6. Maureen O`Sullivan in Tarzan The Ape Man; 7. CQD - CQ was a general call to all ships and D signalled Distress; 8. Jimmy Wales; 9. Basset hound; 10. Bohemian Rhapsody
Like us on Facebook
Most Read
Most Recent
Question:
What is produced in a ginnery?
Answer:
Manufacture of cotton
Passage:
Signal de Botrange
Signal de Botrange (German [outdated] Baldringen, Latin Sicco Campo) is the highest point in Belgium, located in the High Fens (Hautes Fagnes in French, Hoge Venen in Dutch, Hohes Venn in German), at . It is the top of a broad plateau and a road crosses the summit, passing an adjacent café. In 1923, the 6 m Baltia tower was built on the summit to allow visitors to reach an altitude of 700 m. A stone tower built in 1934 reaches 718 m.

For several decades a meteorological station was installed at signal Botrange. Since 1999, it was replaced by an automatic station of the Royal Meteorological Institute of Belgium installed on Mount Rigi (scientific station of the High Fens - University of Liege), which is between the signal and the house Botrange Michel.

Signal de Botrange experiences stronger winds than the centre of Belgium. Average and extreme temperatures are usually lower than at any other place in Belgium: the minimum temperature recorded (-25.6 °C) does not, however, exceed the absolute record (-30.1 °C), observed in the valley of the Lomme, at Rochefort during a temperature inversion. In winter, for three months, on average, the average temperature remains below 0 °C.

Rainfall is much greater than most of the rest of the country, at an annual average of 1450 mm compared with 800 mm in Uccle. Rainfall is also much more common: there are over 200 days of precipitation per year (against just over 170 in Uccle). Maximum temperatures in summer rarely exceed 30 °C. The number of days of frost is over 130 days per year and the number of days of snowfall exceeds 35 days. The maximum thickness of snow was measured on 9 February 1953, at 115 cm of snow. Frost and early snowfall can occur in late September, but that is exceptional. Late snow may sometimes occur until mid-May.

At the height of winter the site is used as the start of a number of cross-country skiing routes.
Question:
Mount Botrange at 694 metres, is the highest point of which European country?
Answer:
Belguim
Passage:
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, 'Monna Vanna' 1866 - Tate
'Monna Vanna', Dante Gabriel Rossetti, 1866  | Tate
Dante Gabriel Rossetti
Support: 889 x 864 mm
frame: 1290 x 1168 x 92 mm
Collection
Tate
Acquisition
Purchased with assistance from Sir Arthur Du Cros Bt and Sir Otto Beit KCMG through the Art Fund 1916
Reference
Display caption
Summary
This is one of a series of decorative pictures of beautiful and sensual women, which Rossetti produced in the mid 1860s.  The model is Alexa Wilding, who sat for some of Rossetti's best-known works, including La Ghirlandata (1873, Guildhall Art Gallery, Corporation of London) and The Blessed Damozel (1875-8, Fogg Museum of Art, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts). The spiral pearl clasp in her flowing auburn hair and the red coral necklace appear frequently in Rossetti's pictures of women.  Along with the sweeping movement of her arms, the green rosettes on her shoulder and the floral earrings, they serve to accentuate the picture's circular composition .  The heavily embroidered white and gold drapery is used in other pictures of this date, including Monna Rosa (untraced).  The enormous sleeve recalls Raphael's portrait of Giovanna of Aragon in the Louvre.
Rossetti originally called the picture Venus Veneta, and intended it to represent 'a Venetian lady in a rich dress of white and gold, - in short the Venetian ideal of female beauty' (quoted in a letter dated 27 September 1866, Doughty & Wahl, II, p.606).  After the picture was finished he changed the title to Monna Vanna, denoting a 'vain woman', a name  taken from Dante's Vita Nuova, which Rossetti had translated in October 1848.  Rossetti considered the painting to be one of his best works and declared it 'probably the most effective as a room decoration that I have ever painted'.
In 1873 Rossetti retouched the picture, lightening the hair and altering the rings, which had been criticised for their clashing colours.  He also changed the title to Belcolore, believing that the subject looked too modern for its previous title.  Despite this, the painting continued to be known as Monna Vanna.  It was first owned by the Cheshire collector W. Blackmore, who also owned Fazio's Mistress (Tate N03055 ), and later passed into the hands of George Rae of Birkenhead, one of Rossetti's most important patrons.
Further reading:
Oswald Doughty and J.R.Wahl (eds), Letters of Dante Gabriel Rossetti, 4 vols., Oxford 1965-7.
Leslie Parris (ed.), The Pre-Raphaelites, exhibition catalogue, Tate Gallery, London 1984, reprinted 1994, pp.214-5, reproduced p.214, in colour.
Virginia Surtees, The Paintings and Drawings of Dante Gabriel Rossetti (1828-1882): A Catalogue Raisonné, 2 vols., Oxford 1971, p.111, no.191, reproduced pl.281.
Frances Fowle
Read more
Display caption
This painting and The      Beloved shown nearby, are part of a series      Rossetti painted as a sensual celebration of female beauty. The model for Monna Vanna was Alexa      Wilding, who first  sat to him in 1865.
Rossetti chose the title (suggesting a vain woman)      after the picture was completed. A lady named Monna appears in the works of      the early Italian writers Dante and Boccaccio. This picture can be seen as      an imaginary portrait of her, as well  as a real portrait of the model.      Rossetti called it ‘probably the most effective ... room decoration      which I have ever painted’.
Gallery label, September 2004
Question:
Who painted the 1866 work 'Monna Vanna'?
Answer:
Poems by D G Rossetti
Passage:
Minster Way
The Minster Way is a 50 mi walking route between the Minsters of Beverley and York. It crosses the chalk hills of the Yorkshire Wolds, as well as a wide variety of the East Riding of Yorkshire countryside. Part of the route follows the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail across Sylvan Dale before diverting to Millington, Bishop Wilton and Stamford Bridge, where it follows the River Derwent into the Plain of York as far as the River Ouse.

The Minster Way links to other paths, namely the Beverley Twenty; Blackpool to Bridlington (Aerospace Way); Chalkland Way; East Riding Heritage Way; Jorvic Way; Trans Pennine Trail; Wilberforce Way and the Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail. 

History

It was established in 1980 by Ray Wallis of the East Yorkshire Area of The Ramblers. The route is waymarked by white symbols depicting a view of an ecclesiastical building representing the two minsters and the words Minster Way. A badge was created by the founder of the walk for hikers to display as proof of completion of the walk. It is similar to the waymarks, except the picture and words are in yellow on a red background. 

Settlements on walk

The route passes through the following towns and villages in order from the start point: 

* Beverley
* Scorborough
* Lockington
* Kilnwick
* Bainton
* North Dalton
* Bishop Wilton
* Millington
* Great Givendale
* Stamford Bridge
* York

Route

Beverley to Lockington

The walk starts at Beverley Minster and heads north through the town and crosses the A164, Hessle to Driffield road, and the A1035 before entering open countryside. It heads towards Molescroft Carr Farm before it heads north over Black Hill to Leaconfield Low Parks and the edge of Leaconfield Airfield. The walk follows the Hull to Scarborough railway line and the Catchwater Drain on the left towards New Arram. The walk continues north and crosses a level crossing and follows the railway to the next level crossing where it crosses back again. The way heads west along the road to Scorborough and the A164 the path turns north-west to Snowclose Plantation before passing Hall Garth and entering Lockington.

Lockington to North Dalton

The walk heads north on the main road past the Post Office and turns towards Kilnwick. After leaving the village, the path curves to the west passes the west side of a small lake called Cawkeld Sinks before running along the northern end of Wedding Wood and passing Kilnwick New Farm. The path leaves the road heading north over farmland before heading west along Oldfield Lane, a green lane, and finally turns north along the B1248 and into Bainton. In the village the route heads west out of Bainton along West End and over open farmland, past Westfield Farm, to North Dalton.

North Dalton to Bishop Wilton

The path heads west out of North Dalton climbing all the time to pass in a northerly direction through Blanch Farm and along the farm road to get to a minor road. The way heads north-west onto the Hawold Bridle Road and west on another green track along Huggate Heads. Near Cobdale farm the path meets the Wolds Way and heads south along it and the two ways climb steeply up onto Cow Moor above Millington Dale before making a steep descent into and out of Sylvan Dale onto the Becks. At Warren Farm the two paths separate and the Minster Way heads west down into Millington via Millington Bottom. The path heads north-westerly out of Millington and climbs again crossing a road and onto the track to Little Givendale Farm passing it on the left before reaching Great Givendale itself. From the village of Great Givendale the walk heads north and west above the West Pasture to Bishop Wilton.

Bishop Wilton to York Minster

The path heads through Bishop Wilton along the main street and heads north on Thorny Lane to Bray Gate and then heads west again to Youlthorpe. The walk passes to the north of the village and on to Full Sutton. The Minster Way follows the road from Full Sutton past the prison and all the way past the historic battlefield site into the centre of Stamford Bridge. It then crosses the bridge and southwards alongside the River Derwent downstream to Kexby.

The walk enters Kexby from the north and exits north after the bridge. The path heads west along the southern edge of Millfield Wood and then through it to emerge at the A1079 at Scoreby Lodge. The path crosses Kexby Stray southward past White Carr Farm, along Rabbit Warren Wood and on to Kexby Stray Farm. The path heads west and then south across Kexby Common over the B1228 to the north of Elvington Airfield. The path then meanders in a north-west direction over Heslington Common to cross over the A64 York Bypass by way of the bridge.

The path heads north to Fulford on the outskirts of York and crosses the A19 and joins a footpath leading towards the river. The walk follows the edge of the flood barrier then onto the bank of the River Ouse into York to meet the Foss Walk at the footbridge over the River Foss. The path heads north to Lendal Bridge where the walk climbs a set of steps and turn east to York city centre and to the Minster.

Image gallery

Sources

* Ordnance Survey Explorer 293 Kingston upon Hull & Beverley
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 295 Bridlington, Driffield & Hornsea
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 294 Market Weighton & Yorkshire Wolds Central
* Ordnance Survey Explorer 290 York
Question:
The Minster Way is a walking path linking York and which town in the East Riding of Yorkshire?
Answer:
Beverley
Passage:
Peace, love and music: Amazing photos capture historic ...
Peace, love and music: Amazing photos  capture historic 1969 Woodstock festival that defined a generation | Daily Mail Online
comments
On the 43rd anniversary of the legendary Woodstock music festival, held in Bethel, New York, a series of remarkable photographs taken at the time offer a window on the landmark event celebrating music and peace.
Woodstock Music & Art Fair was staged at Max Yasgur's 600-acre dairy farm in the Catskill mountains near the hamlet of White Lake from August 15 to August 18, 1969.
The festival featured a total of 32 acts, including such icons as Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Joe Cocker, Santana, and The Who, making it one of the most outstanding concert lineups in history.
Peaceful masses: Overall image of the huge crowd, looking towards the large yellow tents, during the Woodstock Music & Art Fair
Living arrangements: Concert-goer sleeping on two cars at Woodstock in Bethel, New York, on August 1, 1969
Wet and wild: The rain did little to deter hundreds of thousands of young people from sticking around at the festival
Despite the rain which had turned the  grounds of the farm into a giant mud bath, the festival drew an audience  of some 500,000 people, many of whom camped out in tents and vans for  the duration of the weekend.
Hendrix was the last act to perform at  the festival, but due to the bad weather, only about 35,000 people got  to hear his psychedelic rendition of the U.S  national anthem in what was to become one of the defining moments of the  1960s.
The community of Bethel was not  prepared for the great influx of young people from all over the country, and  by August 14, much of the area had become an enormous traffic jam.
Flower children: The festival proved especially popular among members of the hippie counterculture who believed in nonviolence and coined the phrase, 'Make love, not war'
Signs of times: The event drew hundreds of thousands of young hippies and was marked by widespread drug use
While some locals were less than  welcoming to the flower-adorned, bell-bottomed, mud-splattered  hippies flooding the area, others  embraced the visitors, supplying them with free food and water when it  became apparent that Food For Love, the festival concessionaire, was not  prepared to feed the massive crowd.
Beside amazing musical acts, the  weekend of peace was marked by widespread use of drugs, and the organizers  of the event even established a ‘freak-out tent’ for those suffering  from bad ‘trips,’ according to the Bethel Woods Center for the Arts.
Slip and slide: Despite the rain which had turned the grounds of the farm into a giant, filthy mud bath, the festival drew an audience of some 500,000 young music fans from across the country
Groovy invasion: The community of Bethel was not prepared for the great influx of people, and much of the area had become an enormous traffic jam
While some concert-goers  remembered the unique historic festival as an adventure that changed  their lives, others found it nothing but a messy, filthy, poorly  organized fiasco. 
Epic: Jimi Hendrix was the last act to perform at the festival, but due to the bad weather, only about 35,000 people got to hear his psychedelic rendition of the U.S national anthem
For his part, one of the LIFE photographers on scene during the festival, John Dominis, summed up his  own recollections of Woodstock this way:
‘I really had a great time,’ Dominis  told LIFE.com, decades after the fact. ‘I was much older than those  kids, but I felt like I was their age. They smiled at me, offered me pot  … You didn’t expect to see a bunch of kids so nice; you’d think they’d  be uninviting to an older person. But no — they were just great!
‘I worked at LIFE for 25 years, and  worked everywhere and saw everything, and I’ve told people every year  since the Woodstock festival that it was one of the greatest events I  ever covered.’
The festival was the brainchild of  Michael Lang, John Roberts, Joel Rosenman, and Artie Kornfeld, who  initially designed it as a profit-making venture. In the end, it turned  into a free concert of epic proportions when it became apparent that the event was drawing  hundreds of thousands more people than the organizers had prepared for.
Historic lineup: Young people from across the country flooded Max Yasgur's 600-acre dairy farm to catch such great acts as Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and The Who
Different takes: While some concert-goers remembered the historic festival as a life-changing adventure, others found it nothing but a messy, filthy, poorly organized debacle
Question:
During what landmark 1969 event was a 'freak out tent' established for those suffering from the ill-effects of drugs?
Answer:
Woodstock Music and Art Fair
Passage:
List of last surviving World War I veterans by country
This is a list of the last surviving World War I veterans by country. The last living veteran of World War I (28 July 1914 – 11 November 1918) was Florence Green, a British citizen who served in the Allied armed forces, and who died 4 February 2012, aged 110.  The last combat veteran was Claude Choules who served in the British Royal Navy (and later the Royal Australian Navy) and died 5 May 2011, aged 110.  The last veteran who served in the trenches was Harry Patch (British Army) who died on 25 July 2009, aged 111. The last Central Powers veteran, Franz Künstler of Austria-Hungary, died on 27 May 2008 at the age of 107.

The total number of participating personnel is estimated by the Encyclopædia Britannica at 65,038,810. There were approximately 9,750,103 military deaths during the conflict.

Veterans, for this purpose, are defined as people who were members of the armed forces of one of the combatant nations up to and including the date of the Armistice. This policy may vary from the policy in actual use in some countries.

List
Question:
What was his name of the last surviving British veteran of World War I, who died in July 2009 at the age of 111?
Answer:
Harry Patch
Passage:
Chorleywood bread process
The Chorleywood bread process (CBP) is a process of making dough in bread production. The process was developed in 1961 by the British Baking Industries Research Association based at Chorleywood, and is now used to make 80% of the UK's bread. Compared to the older bulk fermentation process, the CBP is able to use lower protein wheat, and produces bread in a shorter time.

CBP is able to use lower-protein wheat because some protein is lost during bulk fermentation of traditional bread; this does not occur to the same degree in mechanically developed doughs.

The process had an important impact in the United Kingdom, as at the time, few domestic wheat varieties were of sufficient quality to make high quality bread products, and it therefore permitted a much greater proportion of lower-protein domestic wheat to be used in the grist.

Details 

The Chorleywood bread process allows the use of lower-protein wheats and reduces processing time, the system being able to produce a loaf of bread from flour to sliced and packaged form in about three-and-a-half hours. This is achieved through the addition of ascorbic acid (Vitamin C), fat, yeast, and intense mechanical working by high-speed mixers. The last requirement means that it is difficult to reproduce CBP in a small-scale kitchen.

The CBP is only a method of producing quick-ripened bread dough. Large-scale bread-making with automated processes pre-dates the CBP by at least a century.

Flour, water, yeast, salt, fat, and, where used, minor ingredients common to many bread-making techniques such as Vitamin C, emulsifiers and enzymes are mechanically mixed for about three minutes.

The high-shear mixing generates high temperatures in the dough, which is cooled in some advanced mixers using a cooling jacket. Chilled water or ice may also be used to counteract the temperature rise during high-speed mixing.  Air pressure in the mixer headspace can be controlled to keep gas bubbles at the desired size and number. Typical operating regimes are pressure followed by vacuum, and atmospheric followed by vacuum. The pressure control during mixing affects the fineness of crumb texture in the finished bread.

In typical high-volume bread-production, the dough is cut (divided) into individual pieces and allowed to "recover" for 5–8 minutes (intermediate proofing). Each piece of dough is then shaped (moulded), placed in a baking tin and moved to the humidity- and temperature-controlled proofing chamber, where it sits for about 45–50 minutes. It is now ready to be baked. Baking takes 17–25 minutes at 450 °F (about 230 °C). After baking, the loaves are removed from the baking tin (de-panning) and then go to the cooler, where, about two hours later, they are, where necessary, sliced and packaged and ready for despatch. In UK-standard bread, the dough piece is "cross-panned" at the moulding stage; this involves cutting the dough piece into four and turning each piece by 90° before placing it in the baking tin.    Cross-panned bread appears to have a finer and whiter crumb texture than the elliptical shape of the crumb bubble structure is seen from a different orientation. Cross-panned bread is easier to slice.

Adoption 

CBP is used in over 80 percent of factory-produced bread in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and India. Many smaller bakers also use the CBP to mix their dough which they then process by hand. Many "speciality", "crusty", and organic breads are produced this way.

Modern use 

Since the introduction of the process, many UK domestic wheat varieties have been improved.   Flour suitable for traditional high quality pan bread (11.5% - 13.5% protein) can now be sourced in the United Kingdom. Prior to the CBP, UK bread was hugely reliant on imported wheat, particularly from North America.

Other processes 

* Batch mixing bread process, method currently used in US.
* Continuous mixing bread process, popularized with Wonder Bread in the 1970s
* Vienna bread, early innovative European bread process
Question:
The ‘Chorleywood Process’ is used in the making of which foodstuff?
Answer:
Somun
Passage:
The Game of Love (Wayne Fontana song)
"The Game of Love" is a 1965 song by Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders, released in the States as "Game of Love". It was covered by New Zealand musician Tex Pistol and released in 1987.

Original version

Track listing

Chart

The song reached #1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and #2 on the UK Singles Chart in 1965.

Tex Pistol version

The song was covered in 1987 by New Zealand musician Ian Morris, under the stage name Tex Pistol  and released as "The Game of Love".

Background

Morris was looking for a "more commercial" follow up to his Tex Pistol debut single "The Ballad of Buckskin Bob". He had begun work on a cover of The Underdog's "Sitting In The Rain" when advertising music collaborator Jim Hall suggested "The Game of Love" as a good song to cover. Morris "immediately knew how it would sound". He credits its success to "a combination of technology of the time and a good simple song".

The song is notable for its unusual drum sound. Morris had been working on the audio for a card ad at the time. His curiosity piqued by a supplied video clip of a racecar going over a hill, Morris recorded the sound, sped it up, and mixed it with a clip of a snare drum.

The song also features Callie Blood, Morris's later collaborator on advertising jingles, on backing vocals.

Track listing

Charting and awards

The song went to number 1 on the New Zealand music charts.  According to Morris's brother Rikki Morris, the song was a surprise hit and so the 500 pressed copies sold out, meaning that the single hit number one but could not remain there.

The reworking of the song gave Morris a 1987 RIANZ award for best engineer and a nomination for best producer. The song was accompanied by a video by then-teenager Paul Middleditch that was also nominated for best video and is now considered one of the highlights of New Zealand 80s music-video making.

Other versions

A 1965 cover version by French singer Sylvie Vartan entitled Quand tu es là was featured in the 2012 American film Ruby Sparks. The song is also sampled in American rapper Eminem's song "Love Game", from his 2013 album The Marshall Mathers LP 2 and hip hop group De La Soul's song "My Brother's a Basehead" from the 1991 album De La Soul Is Dead. In the 80s a French cover was used for the main theme of the radio morning zoo in Quebec city: "J'écoute le Zoo". Montrose Did The Song On There 1987 Album Mean.
Question:
Who had a top ten hit in 1965 with Game Of Love
Answer:
Glynn Ellis
Passage:
Oscars 2011: full list of winners | Film | The Guardian
Oscars 2011: full list of winners | Film | The Guardian
Oscars 2011: full list of winners
A full list of winners and nominees for the Oscars 2011
It's not the winning... the nominees for the best actor Oscar 2011: Javier Bardem (Biutiful), James Franco (127 Hours) Colin Firth (The King's Speech),Jesse Eisenberg (The Social Network), Jeff Bridges (True Grit)
Sunday 27 February 2011 20.47 EST
First published on Sunday 27 February 2011 20.47 EST
Jesse Eisenberg (The Social Network)
James Franco (127 Hours)
Performance by an actress in a leading role
WINNER: Natalie Portman (Black Swan)
Annette Bening (The Kids Are All Right)
Art direction
WINNER: Alice in Wonderland - Robert Stromberg (production design), Karen O'Hara (set decoration)
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 - Stuart Craig (production design), Stephenie McMillan (set decoration)
Inception - Guy Hendrix Dyas (production design), Larry Dias and Doug Mowat (set decoration)
The King's Speech - Eve Stewart (production design), Judy Farr (set decoration)
True Grit - Jess Gonchor (production design), Nancy Haigh (set decoration)
Achievement in cinematography
Danny Cohen (The King's Speech)
Jeff Cronenweth (The Social Network)
Roger Deakins (True Grit)
Performance by an actress in a supporting role
WINNER: Melissa Leo (The Fighter)
Amy Adams (The Fighter)
Helena Bonham Carter (The King's Speech)
Hailee Steinfeld (True Grit)
WINNER: The Lost Thing (Nick Batzias, Shaun Tan and Andrew Ruhemann)
Day & Night (Teddy Newton)
The Gruffalo (Jakob Schuh and Max Lang)
Let's Pollute (Geefwee Boedoe)
Madagascar, carnet de voyage (Madagascar, a Journey Diary) (Bastien Dubois)
Best animated feature film of the year
WINNER: The Social Network - Aaron Sorkin
127 Hours - Danny Boyle & Simon Beaufoy
Toy Story 3 - Michael Arndt (screenplay); John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton and Lee Unkrich (story)
True Grit - Joel Coen and Ethan Coen
Winter's Bone - Debra Granik & Anne Rosellini
Original screenplay
The Kids Are All Right - Lisa Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg
Best foreign language film of the year
WINNER: In a Better World (Denmark)
Biutiful (Mexico)
WINNER: Christian Bale (The Fighter)
John Hawkes (Winter's Bone)
Mark Ruffalo (The Kids Are All Right)
Geoffrey Rush (The King's Speech)
Achievement in music written for motion pictures (original score)
WINNER: Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (The Social Network)
John Powell (How to Train Your Dragon)
Hans Zimmer (Inception)
Alexandre Desplat (The King's Speech)
AR Rahman (127 Hours)
WINNER: Inception (Lora Hirschberg, Gary A Rizzo and Ed Novick)
The King's Speech (Paul Hamblin, Martin Jensen and John Midgley)
Salt (Jeffrey J Haboush, Greg P Russell, Scott Millan and William Sarokin)
The Social Network (Ren Klyce, David Parker, Michael Semanick and Mark Weingarten)
True Grit (Skip Lievsay, Craig Berkey, Greg Orloff and Peter F Kurland)
Achievement in sound editing
Toy Story 3 (Tom Myers and Michael Silvers)
Tron: Legacy (Gwendolyn Yates Whittle and Addison Teague)
True Grit (Skip Lievsay and Craig Berkey)
Unstoppable (Mark P Stoeckinger)
Edouard F Henriques, Gregory Funk and Yolanda Toussieng ( The Way Back )
Achievement in costume design
Jenny Beavan (The King's Speech)
Sandy Powell (The Tempest)
WINNER: Strangers No More (Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon)
Killing in the Name (Nominees to be determined)
Poster Girl (Nominees to be determined)
Sun Come Up (Jennifer Redfearn and Tim Metzger)
The Warriors of Qiugang (Ruby Yang and Thomas Lennon)
Best live action short film
WINNER: God of Love (Luke Matheny)
The Confession (Tanel Toom)
Wish 143 (Ian Barnes and Samantha Waite)
Best documentary feature
Exit Through the Gift Shop (Banksy and Jaimie D'Cruz)
Gasland (Josh Fox and Trish Adlesic)
Restrepo (Tim Hetherington and Sebastian Junger)
Waste Land (Lucy Walker and Angus Aynsley)
Achievement in visual effects
WINNER: Inception (Paul Franklin, Chris Corbould, Andrew Lockley and Peter Bebb)
Alice in Wonderland (Ken Ralston, David Schaub, Carey Villegas and Sean Phillips)
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 (Tim Burke, John Richardson, Christian Manz and Nicolas Aithadi)
Hereafter (Michael Owens, Bryan Grill, Stephan Trojanski and Joe Farrell)
Iron Man 2 (Janek Sirrs, Ben Snow, Ged Wright and Daniel Sudick)
Achievement in film editing
WINNER: Angus Wall and Kirk Baxter (The Social Network)
Andrew Weisblum (Black Swan)
Tariq Anwar (The King's Speech)
Jon Harris (127 Hours)
Achievement in music written for motion pictures (original song)
WINNER:
We Belong Together (from Toy Story 3, music and lyrics by Randy Newman)
Coming Home (from Country Strong, music and lyrics by Tom Douglas, Troy Verges and Hillary Lindsey)
I See the Light (from Tangled, music by Alan Menken, lyrics by Glenn Slater)
If I Rise (from 127 Hours, music by AR Rahman, lyrics by Dido and Rollo Armstrong)
Topics
Will the success of The King's Speech help our film industry? Well, if it manages to get older people out to the cinema, that's a start . . .
Published: 1 Mar 2011
Anne Hathaway's endless woops of excitement; Gwyneth Paltrow's 'singing'; those inept pauses. Surely it could have been done better? Hadley Freeman suggests how
Published: 28 Feb 2011
My short film Wish 143 was nominated for an Oscar. This is a diary of my trip to the ceremony: Danny Boyle, paparazzi, ceramic frogs and all
Published: 28 Feb 2011
Hadley Freeman spends a surreal week in LA, bumping into her teenage heroines, sampling the gifting suites, and getting to hold Colin Firth's Oscar
Published: 1 Mar 2011
Question:
Who won the 2011 Best Actor Oscar Award?
Answer:
Colin Andrew Firth
