Passage:
Clun Forest
Clun Forest is a remote, rural area of open pastures, moorland and mixed deciduous/coniferous woodland in the southwest part of the English county of Shropshire and also just over the border into Powys, Wales.

It was once a large forest covering an area that stretched from Ludlow up the Clun Valley. It now is only forested in some wooded areas, such as Radnor Wood, though a fairly large area of forest exists on the Wales–England border north of Anchor (the planted Ceri Forest).

The ancient Offa's Dyke runs north-south through the area (and can be walked by the Offa's Dyke Path).

It is a deanery of the Church of England's Diocese of Hereford. 

A Shropshire Lad 

A. E. Housman wrote as part of his series of poems A Shropshire Lad:

    "In valleys of springs of rivers      
       By Ony and Teme and Clun,          
    The country for easy livers,          
       The quietest under the sun...

    'Tis a long way further than Knighton,
       A quieter place than Clun,         
    Where doomsday may thunder and lighten
       And little 'twill matter to one."
Question:
Clun Forest lies in which English county?
Answer:
Salopia
Passage:
Tongue and groove
A strong joint, the tongue and groove joint is widely used for re-entrant angles. The effect of wood shrinkage is concealed when the joint is beaded or otherwise moulded.  In expensive cabinet work, glued dovetail and multiple tongue and groove are used.

Tongue and groove is a method of fitting similar objects together, edge to edge, used mainly with wood, in flooring, parquetry, panelling, and similar constructions. Tongue and groove joints allow two flat pieces to be joined strongly together to make a single flat surface. Before plywood became common, tongue and groove boards were also used for sheathing buildings and to construct concrete formwork.

Each piece has a slot (the groove) cut all along one edge, and a thin, deep ridge (the tongue) on the opposite edge. The tongue projects a little less than the depth of the groove. Two or more pieces thus fit together closely. The joint is not normally glued, as shrinkage would then pull the tongue off.

In another assembly method, the pieces are end-matched. This method eliminates the need for mitre joints, face nailing, and the use of joints on 16 inch or 24 inch centres of conventional framing.

For many uses, tongue and groove boards have been rendered obsolete by the introduction of plywood and later composite wood boards, but the method is still used in higher-quality.  Plywood may also be tongued all round to fit it flush into a framed structure, and plywood for sub-floors used in platform framing is often supplied with tongue and groove edges.

When joining thicker materials, several tongue and groove joints may be used one above the other.

Methods

One of the following woodworking tools may be used to produce the tongue and groove:
* A four- or six-head moulder (for large quantities)
* A wood shaper (spindle moulder)
* A circular saw bench
* Suitable hand planes: a plough plane for the groove and a tongue plane for the tongue, or a combination plane
* A spindle router

Tongue-in-groove

Tongue-in-groove is similar to tongue and groove, but instead of the tongue forming part of one of the edges, it is a separate, loose piece that fits between two identically grooved edges. The tongue may or may not be of the same material as the grooved pieces joined by the tongue. For example, plywood flooring is commonly grooved at the edges, and plastic tongues are used to form the joint.
Question:
A tongue and groove joint is used when working with what material?
Answer:
Diffuse-porous wood
Passage:
Senegal
Senegal (;   ), officially the Republic of Senegal (), is a country located in West Africa. Senegal is bordered by the North African country of Mauritania in the north, Mali to the east, Guinea to the southeast, and Guinea-Bissau to the southwest. Senegal further borders the country of The Gambia, a sovereign enclave occupying a narrow sliver of land along the banks of the Gambia river, which separates Senegal's southern region of Casamance from the rest of the country. Senegal also shares a maritime border with the country of Cape Verde. Senegal's economical and political capital is Dakar. It is the westernmost country in the mainland of the Old World, or Afro-Eurasia,  and owes its name to the Senegal River, which borders it to the east and north. The name "Senegal" comes from the Wolof "Sunuu Gaal," which means "Our Boat." Senegal covers a land area of almost 197000 km2}} and has an estimated population of about 13 million. The climate is Sahelian, but there is a rainy season.

Cultures and influences 

The territory of modern Senegal has been inhabited by various ethnic groups since the Prehistory. Organized kingdoms emerged around the seventh century, and parts of the country were ruled by prominent regional empires such as the Jolof Empire. The present state of Senegal has its roots in European colonialism, which began during the mid-15th century, when various European powers began competing for trade in the area. The establishment of coastal trading posts gradually led to control of the mainland, culminating in French rule of the area by the 19th century, albeit amid much local resistance. Senegal peacefully attained independence from France in 1960, and has since been among the more politically stable countries in Africa.

Senegal's economy is centered mostly on commodities and natural resources. Major industries are fish processing, phosphate mining, fertilizer production, petroleum refining, construction materials, ship construction and repair. As in most African nations, agriculture is a major sector, with Senegal producing several important cash crops, including peanuts, sugarcane, cotton, green beans, tomatoes, melons, and mangoes.Ndiaye, Mbalo. [http://www.fas.usda.gov/gainfiles/200701/146279961.pdf "Senegal agricultural situation country report"]. U.S. Foreign Agricultural Service (January 17, 2007).
Question:
What West African Republic, on the river of the same name, is a narrow 200 mile east-west strip within Senegal?
Answer:
The Gambia
Passage:
MICHAEL JACKSON LYRICS - Billie Jean - Song Lyrics from A to Z
MICHAEL JACKSON LYRICS - Billie Jean
MICHAEL JACKSON LYRICS
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene
I said don't mind, but what do you mean I am the one
Who will dance on the floor in the round
She said I am the one who will dance on the floor in the round
[2nd verse]
She told me her name was Billie Jean, as she caused a scene
Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one
Who will dance on the floor in the round
[Bridge]
People always told me be careful of what you do
And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts
And mother always told me be careful of who you love
And be careful of what you do 'cause the lie becomes the truth
[Chorus]
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
[3rd verse]
For forty days and forty nights
The law was on her side
But who can stand when she's in demand
Her schemes and plans
'cause we danced on the floor in the round
So take my strong advice, just remember to always think twice
(do think twice.)
She told my baby we'd danced 'til three
Then she looked at me
She showed a photo of a baby crying
His eyes looked like mine
Go on dance on the floor in the round, baby
[Bridge]
People always told me be careful of what you do
And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts
She came and stood right by me
Then the smell of sweet perfume
This happened much too soon
She called me to her room
[Chorus]
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, she says he is my son
She says I am the one
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Visit www.azlyrics.com for these lyrics.
Thanks to AnNaBaNaNa, Hotshot5152, Sydney for correcting these lyrics.
Question:
"""She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene"" are the opening lines from which song?"
Answer:
Billy-Jean
Passage:
Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez becomes the first man to net ...
Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez becomes the first man to net hat-tricks in the Premier League, Serie A and La Liga | Daily Mail Online
Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez becomes the first man to net hat-tricks in the Premier League, Serie A and La Liga
He scored a first-half treble as Udinese beat Palermo 7-0 in 2011
His Barcelona hat-trick came against Elche in La Liga at the Nou Camp
comments
Alexis Sanchez returned to form for Arsenal on Saturday with a hat-trick against Leicester, which propelled his side to an entertaining 5-2 victory in the Premier League .
But the Chile international's treble also completed a remarkable personal feat, as he became the first man to score a three goals in a game in Serie A, La Liga and the top flight in England.
Sanchez's first hat-trick came in Italy, when he was playing for Udinese, in February 2011.
Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez became the first man to score hat-tricks in Italy, Spain and England on Saturday
Sanchez's first treble came in his Udinese days in 2011, when he scored a first-half hat-trick against Palermo
Sanchez scored his hat-trick in Spain for Barcelona in January 2014, in a 4-0 victory against Elche
ALEXIS SANCHEZ HAT TRICKS 
SERIE A: Udinese 7-0 Palermo, Feb 27 2011
LA LIGA: Barcelona 4-0 Elche, Jan 5, 2014
PREMIER LEAGUE: Leicester 2-5 Arsenal, Sept 26, 2015 
He netted three times in the first half of his side's encounter against Palermo as they thrashed the Sicilian team 7-0. Mainly thanks to Sanchez, they were leading 4-0 at the break.
His scintillating form in Italy caught the eye of Barcelona, who swooped to sign him five months later for £23million.
His treble on Spanish shores came in January 2014, his final season at the Nou Camp, as he led his side to a 4-0 victory against Elche.
RELATED ARTICLES
22k shares
He sealed his hat-trick with a thunderous free kick from 30 yards.
But later that year, he departed the Catalan giants as they moved to sign Luis Suarez from Liverpool. 
Sanchez headed for the Premier League with Arsenal and was an instant hit with supporters at the Emirates.
After a difficult start to the  season, Sanchez returned to form with three goals for Arsenal against Leicester
Sanchez's first hat-trick for Udinese came as part of a 7-0 thrashing of Palermo and caught Barcelona's eye
Sanchez (centre) sealed his Barcelona hat-trick with a stunning free kick against Elche at the Nou Camp 
He has had a slow start to his second season in England, perhaps a little jaded after leading Chile to Copa America victory in the summer, but returned to form at the King Power stadium on Saturday.
His treble guided Arsenal to a hard fought victory against Leicester, who were beaten in the league for the first time this season.
'Alexis is a top-quality player and even when he is not scoring goals he works so hard for us,' Sanchez's team-mate Theo Walcott said. 'I am sure he going to flourish now with many, many more important goals.'
Question:
In 2015 which Arsenal footballer became the first ever to score hat-tricks in the Premier League, La Liga and Serie A?
Answer:
Alexis Sánchez
Passage:
Marianne in the World War One Poster | Vintage European ...
Marianne in the World War One Poster | Vintage European Posters
Marianne in the World War One Poster
October 25, 2012 § 2 Comments
Real, Inspired and Allegorical Figures in Poster Art
Poster art often features the human figure.  In many cases, the figure is solely an illustration conjured from the imagination of the artist.
Stephane, Cognac Briand, c. 1925
In some instances, the figure is modeled after a real person such as in The Lefevre-Utile ‘LU’ Biscuits poster by David Lance Goines. This image was inspired by Ginger LeFevre, a descendant of the famous cookie family, and Goines shows the little girl reaching for a cookie jar. Likewise, Firmin Bouisset, used his children as models for many of his posters.
Left: Goines, Lu Biscuit Right: Bouisset, Maggi
Sometimes posters feature allegorical figures. Like the advertising posters which came before them, posters from the First World War were designed to motivate the viewer to enlist in the army, or to buy a war bond.  They also had a secondary imperative: to inspire the viewer.  In fact, in the United States, posters were part of a campaign of salesmanship to get the American public behind the war.  American Posters used figures like Uncle Sam, Columbia, and Lady Liberty allegorically.  French Bond Posters used Marianne.
Silver coin featuring Marianne
Marianne is the personification of the Republique Francaise and a symbol of liberty and freedom.  Images of Marianne first appear in 1775 and depict her standing, young and determined, sometimes bare breasted as she leads soldiers into battle.  Her image is allegorical, and is inspired by another allegorical figure, that of Athena, Greek goddess of wisdom and war.
The figure was used on the French postage stamp in 1849, and also on the franc.  Today she appears on the French Euro coin.  We encounter Marianne occasionally in the advertising poster.
Advertising poster for Saponite Laundry Soap, featuring Marianne berating a seated Napoleon
She is, however, best enjoyed in the poster in French World War One Bond and Reconstruction posters.
M. Richard Butz, Souscrivez Pour la Victoire, 1916
In this poster,  created early in the war, a fierce Marianne flies over a battlefield littered with dead soldiers.  Behind her, soldiers march triumphantly.  After one and a half years of brutal battles and many losses, France needed such imagery to stay the course.
Lelong, Credit Nationale, 1920
This reconstruction poster by Rene Lelong features Marianne in red wearing laurels of victory.  She smites a battleaxe turning her blade in for a plough.  The poster is populated with a blacksmith, a teacher, and a farmer, suggesting that France will enjoy a renaissance in construction, culture, and agriculture when the bond is sold successfully.
Droit, Emprunt National, 1920
This beautiful and peaceful image by Lt. Jean Droit shows Marianne steering a boat,  representing commerce, import, and export, through calm waters.  In this image, she wears the Phrygian cap, an ancient symbol of freedom and liberty, which is a typical feature of her garb.
If you visit Paris, keep an eye out for Marianne.  If you know what to look for, you will no doubt spot her.  Here she is at Place de Nation in Paris.
Marianne at Place de Nation
This noble Marianne statue was created by Aime Jules Dalou in 1899, and it is a strong image of history and inspiration.  Although Marianne never lived, her iconic image has left an imprint in France for over a period of almost 225 years.  We feel we know her, we feel we have seen her before, and that we can relate to her.  I guess that is exactly what a good allegory is designed to do.
This post was written by Elizabeth Norris, Owner Vintage European Posters and edited by Emily Jackson, UC Berkeley Art History Student and Gallery Assistant,   www.vepca.com
Vintage European Posters was established in 1997. We are the West Coast’s Largest Dealer in Original Vintage Posters from France and the United States. See us online anytime at  www.vepca.com  and at our Berkeley Showroom OUTPOST 2201 Fourth Street, Tuesdays and Thursdays
As well as at pop up open weekends ( sign our mailing lis t to receive updates about pop-ups)
We will be exhibiting our posters at the Fall  Hillsborough Antiques Show  November 2-4
Rate this:
Question:
Which figure personifying the USA was used on World War One recruiting posters
Answer:
I Want YOU for the U.S. Army
Passage:
Gulf of Guinea
The Gulf of Guinea is the northeasternmost part of the tropical Atlantic Ocean between Cape Lopez in Gabon, north and west to Cape Three Points in Western region Ghana. The intersection of the Equator and Prime Meridian (zero degrees latitude and longitude) is in the gulf.

Among the many rivers that drain into the Gulf of Guinea are the Niger and the Volta. The coastline on the gulf includes the Bight of Benin and the Bight of Bonny.

The Niger River in particular deposited organic sediments out to sea over millions of years which became crude oil. The Gulf of Guinea region, along with the Congo River delta and Angola further south, are expected to provide around a quarter of the United States' oil imports by 2015. This region is now regarded as one of the world's top oil and gas exploration hotspots.

Name

The origin of the name Guinea is thought to be an area in the region, although the specifics are disputed. Bovill (1995) gives a thorough description: 

The name Guinea is usually said to have been a corrupt form of the name Ghana, picked up by the Portuguese in the Maghrib. The present writer finds this unacceptable. The name Guinea has been in use both in the Maghrib and in Europe long before Prince Henry's time. For example, on a map dated about 1320 by the Genoese cartographer Giovanni di Carignano, who got his information about Africa from a fellow-countryman in Sijilmas [ancient trading city in North Africa], we find Gunuia, and in the Catalan atlas of 1375 as Ginyia. A passage in Leo [Africanus] (vol. III, 822) points to Guinea having been a corrupt form of Jenne [2,000-year-old city in central Mali on Niger river], less famous than Ghana but nevertheless for many centuries famed in the Maghrib as a great market and a seat of learning. The relevant passage reads: "The Kingdom of Ghinea . . . called by the merchants of our nation Gheneoa, by the natural inhabitants thereof Genni and by the Portugals and other people of Europe Ghinea." But it seems more probable that Guinea derives from aguinaou, the Berber for Negro. Marrakech [city in southeastern Morocco] has a gate, built in the twelfth century, called the Bab Aguinaou, the Gate of the Negro (Delafosse, Haut-Sénégal-Niger, II, 277-278). The modern application of the name Guinea to the coast dates only from 1481. In that year the Portuguese built a fort, São Jorge da Mina (modern day Elmina), on the Gold Coast region, and their king, John II, was permitted by the Pope [Sixtus II or Innocent VIII] to style himself Lord of Guinea, a title that survived until the recent extinction of the monarchy.

The name "Guinea" was also applied to south coast of West Africa, north of the Gulf of Guinea, which became known as "Upper Guinea", and the west coast of Southern Africa, to the east, which became known as "Lower Guinea." The name "Guinea" is still attached to the names of three countries in Africa: Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, and Equatorial Guinea, as well as New Guinea in Melanesia.

Geography

The International Hydrographic Organization defines the southwest extent of the Gulf of Guinea as "A line running Southeastward from Cape Three Points in Western region Ghana () to Cape Lopez in Gabon ()". 

Islands in the Gulf of Guinea

The Gulf of Guinea contains a number of islands, the largest of which are in a southwest-northeast chain, forming part of the Cameroon line of volcanoes.

Annobón

Annobón, also known as Pagalu or Pigalu, is an island that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Bobowasi Island

Bobowasi Island is an island off the west coast of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Western region Ghana.

Bioko

Bioko is an island off the west coast of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Corisco

Corisco is an island belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

The Elobeys

Elobey Grande and Elobey Chico are two small islands belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

São Tomé and Príncipe

São Tomé and Príncipe (officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe) is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea that became independent from Portugal in 1975. It is located off the western equatorial coast of Africa and consists of two islands, São Tomé and Príncipe. They are located about 140 km apart and about 250 and, respectively, off the northwestern coast of Gabon. Both islands are part of an extinct volcanic mountain range. São Tomé, the sizeable southern island, is situated just north of the Equator.
Question:
Which major river empties into the Gulf of Guinea?
Answer:
Niger Republic
Passage:
Mar Chiquita Lake (Córdoba)
Mar Chiquita (in Spanish literally "Little Sea") or Mar de Ansenuza is an endorheic salt lake located in the northeast of the province of Córdoba, in central Argentina. The northeast corner of the lake also extends into southeastern Santiago del Estero Province. It is the largest of the naturally occurring saline lakes in Argentina. The lake is located in parts of five departments in the two provinces.

The lake occupies the southern part of a depression that measures about 50 miles/80 km (north–south) by 28 miles/45 km (east–west). Its surface area varies considerably, given its shallow depth (about 10 m), and ranges between 2000 and 6000 km² (1242 and 3728 mi²).

Mar Chiquita is fed primarily by the saline waters of the Dulce River, coming from Santiago del Estero in the north after being joined by the Saladillo River. The lands around the lower course of the Dulce and Mar Chiquita are wetlands, populated by a large biodiversity (especially aquatic birds). From the southwest the lake receives the flow of the Primero/Suquía and the Segundo/Xanaes rivers, as well as several streams; these inflows vary greatly from dry to rainy seasons. The salinity of Mar Chiquita is quite variable, with measured extremes ranging from 250 g/l in times of low water levels to around 40 g/l in very humid years, such as in the decade following 1977, when record rainfall flooded much of Miramar, Córdoba.

There are several islands in the lake, the most important one being the Médano Island. Mar Chiquita is slowly diminishing in volume due to increased evaporation and elevation of its bottom, and is ultimately bound to turn into a salt flat. The lake was formerly home to a growing tourism industry, and was the site of the Gran Hotel Vienna, a luxurious, lakefront establishment which functioned from 1945 to 1980, and has been the center of numerous mysteries and controversies.
Question:
Mar Chiquita (Cordoba) is the largest natural salt lake in which South American country?
Answer:
Arxintina
Passage:
Fanta
Fanta is a global brand of fruit-flavored carbonated soft drinks created by The Coca-Cola Company. There are over 100 flavors worldwide. The drink originated in Nazi Germany under trade embargo for Coca-Cola ingredients in 1940.

History 

Fanta originated as a result of difficulties importing Coca-Cola syrup into Nazi Germany during World War II due to a trade embargo. To circumvent this, Max Keith, the head of Coca-Cola Deutschland (Coca-Cola GmbH) during the Second World War, decided to create a new product for the German market, using only ingredients available in Germany at the time, including whey and apple pomace – the "leftovers of leftovers", as Keith later recalled.  The name was the result of a brief brainstorming session, which started with Keith's exhorting his team to "use their imagination" (Fantasie in German), to which one of his salesmen, Joe Knipp, immediately retorted "Fanta!"

The plant was effectively cut off from Coca-Cola headquarters during the war. After the war, the Coca-Cola corporation regained control of the plant, formula and the trademarks to the new Fanta product—as well as the plant profits made during the war.

Fanta was discontinued when the parent company was reunited with the German branch.  Following the launch of several drinks by the Pepsi corporation in the 1950s, Coca-Cola competed by relaunching Fanta in 1955.  The drink was heavily marketed in Europe, Asia, Africa and South America. 

Marketing 

United States 

Fanta is known for its upbeat advertising; in the United States, it showcases The Fantanas, a group of young female models, each of whom promotes an individual Fanta flavor. For the re-introduction of Fanta in the United States, Coca-Cola worked with the ad agency Ogilvy (NYC) in 2001. After a brainstorming session, the Ogilvy creative team of Andrea Scaglione, Andrew Ladden and Bill Davaris, created the tagline "Wanta Fanta!" which became the jingle for the Fantanas in the broadcast campaign. The campaign lasted from summer 2001, in the form of a successful trial run, to October 1, 2006. Three years later, in June 2009, Fanta re-launched the campaign. They also held a talent search to find the pineapple Fantana, and, in September selected Shakira Barrera to become the fourth Fantana.  After Barrera won the search, she spent a year at her post, with the latter six months as an actual Fantana called Lily.

International availability 

There are over 90 different flavors worldwide. In Serbia, Albania, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Croatia and some other countries, there is "Fanta Shokata" (a wordplay between "soc" -elderberry in Romanian- and "shock") based on an elderflower blossom extract drink, traditional in Romania (where it is called Socată), Serbia, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Croatia and other Balkan countries.

Orange Fanta is also available in Canada; however, the formula for Canada's Orange variant differs from its American and German/European counterparts, notably in that the German contains orange juice,  the Canadian contains tangerine juice  and the American contains neither.  The other variants available in Canada are Grape and Cream Soda, both made with real grapes. 

Primary competitors to Fanta have included Tango, Mirinda, Slice, Sumol, Crush, Tropicana Twister and Orangina. Fanta was the second drink to be produced by Coca-Cola, after the original Coca-Cola.

International popularity 

*In Australia, there are Fanta Labs in many shopping malls. Fanta Lab provides 2 identical "Labs" where there is a set of water filter cups to the side and a touch screen, which shows the four available Australian flavors, Mango-Passionfruit, Orange, Grape, and Raspberry, and can choose 4 flavors to be mixed. Therefore, can mix 2 flavors twice, 3 flavors, 4 flavors, or just get a free cup of original Fanta.
* In Japan, the market often issues seasonal rare flavours like yuzu.
* In Greece you can find a non-carbonated version of the original Orange Fanta, called Fanta Blue

Controversy 

A 2005 British television advertisement for Fanta Z showed a couple enjoying a picnic on a beach and drinking from their cans of Fanta Light, but then calmly spitting the drink out. Others were also shown spitting the drink out in similar ways. The viewers complained that the ad condoned spitting and that children were reported to have copied the ad. A head teacher said that children in the playground had mimicked the commercial. The majority of complaints to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said the images were disgusting and thought it was inappropriate because spitting posed a health risk. The ad became restricted to the post-9pm broadcasts. The ASA agreed that viewers would not want children to see something perceived as anti-social, but did not consider that the images showing people spitting would cause widespread offense or pose a significant health risk. 

75th anniversary advertisement 

In February 2015, a 75th anniversary version of Fanta was released in Germany. Packaged in glass bottles evoking the original design and with an authentic original war-time flavor including 30% whey and pomace, it is described on the packaging as "less sweet" and a German original. An associated television ad referenced the history of the drink and said the Coca-Cola company wanted to bring back "the feeling of the Good Old Times" which was interpreted by many to mean Nazi rule. The ad was subsequently replaced.
Question:
Fanta Four are one of what country's top hip hop bands?
Answer:
United States of Germany
Passage:
Cyclades
The Cyclades (; ,) are an island group in the Aegean Sea, southeast of mainland Greece and a former administrative prefecture of Greece. They are one of the island groups which constitute the Aegean archipelago. The name refers to the islands around (κυκλάς) the sacred island of Delos. The Cyclades is where the native Greek breed of cat (the Aegean cat) originated.

History

The significant Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age Cycladic culture is best known for its schematic, flat idols carved out of the islands' pure white marble centuries before the great Middle Bronze Age ("Minoan") culture arose in Crete, to the south: these figures have been looted from burials to satisfy a thriving Cycladic antiquities market since the early 20th century.

A distinctive Neolithic culture amalgamating Anatolian and mainland Greek elements arose in the western Aegean before 4000 BCE, based on emmer wheat and wild-type barley, sheep and goats, pigs, and tuna that were apparently speared from small boats (Rutter). Excavated sites include Saliagos and Kephala (on Keos) with signs of copper-working, Each of the small Cycladic islands could support no more than a few thousand people, though Late Cycladic boat models show that fifty oarsmen could be assembled from the scattered communities (Rutter), and when the highly organized palace-culture of Crete arose, the islands faded into insignificance, with the exception of Delos, which retained its archaic reputation as a sanctuary throughout antiquity and until the emergence of Christianity.

Archaeology

The first archaeological excavations of the 1880s were followed by systematic work by the British School at Athens and by Christos Tsountas, who investigated burial sites on several islands in 1898–1899 and coined the term "Cycladic civilization". Interest lagged, then picked up in the mid-20th century, as collectors competed for the modern-looking figures that seemed so similar to sculpture by Jean Arp or Constantin Brâncuși. Sites were looted and a brisk trade in forgeries arose. The context for many of these Cycladic figurines has been mostly destroyed and their meaning may never be completely understood. Another intriguing and mysterious object is that of the Cycladic frying pans. More accurate archaeology has revealed the broad outlines of a farming and seafaring culture that had immigrated from Asia Minor c. 5000 BCE. Early Cycladic culture evolved in three phases, between c.  3300 – 2000 BCE, when it was increasingly swamped in the rising influence of Minoan Crete. The culture of mainland Greece contemporary with Cycladic culture is called Helladic culture.

In recent decades the Cyclades islands have become popular with European and other tourists, and as a result there have been problems with erosion, pollution, and water shortages.

Geography

The Cyclades comprise about 220 islands, the major ones being Amorgos, Anafi, Andros, Antiparos, Delos, Eschati, Ios, Kea, Kimolos, Kythnos, Milos, Mykonos, Naxos, Paros, Folegandros, Serifos, Sifnos, Sikinos, Syros, Tinos, and Thira or Santoríni. The name "Cyclades" refers to the islands forming a circle ("circular islands") around the sacred island of Delos. Most of the smaller islands are uninhabited.

Ermoupolis, on Syros, is the chief town and administrative center of the former prefecture.

The islands are peaks of a submerged mountainous terrain, with the exception of two volcanic islands, Milos and Santorini. The climate is generally dry and mild, but with the exception of Naxos the soil is not very fertile; agricultural produce includes wine, fruit, wheat, olive oil, and tobacco.  Cooler temperatures are in higher elevations and mainly do not receive wintry weather.

The Cyclades are bounded to the south by the Sea of Crete. 

Administration

The Cyclades Prefecture () was one of the prefectures of Greece. As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the prefecture was abolished, and its territory was divided into nine regional units of the South Aegean region:
* Andros
* Kea-Kythnos
* Milos
* Mykonos
* Naxos
* Paros
* Santorini
* Syros
* Tinos

Municipalities and communities

The prefecture was subdivided into the following municipalities and communities. These have been reorganised at the 2011 Kallikratis reform as well. 
 

Provinces

* Province of Amorgos: Amorgos
* Province of Andros: Andros
* Province of Kea: Ioulis
* Province of Milos: Milos
* Province of Naxos: Naxos
* Province of Paros: Paroikia
* Province of Syros: Ermoupoli
* Province of Tinos: Tinos
* Province of Thera: Thera

Note: Provinces no longer hold any legal status in Greece.

Cuisine

Local specialities of the Cyclades include:

* Brantada
* Fava Santorinis
* Fourtalia (Andros)
* Kalasouna (Naxos)
* Kalogeros (Naxos)
* Kakavia (soup)
* Ladopita
* Louza, similar to the Cypriot lountza
* Mastelo (Sifnos)
* Strapatsada
* Lazarakia (dessert)
* Melopita (dessert)

Communications

Telephone

* 22810: Syros, including Kythnos, Serifos and Syros islands
* 22820: Andros
* 22830: Tinos
* 22840: Paros and Sifnos islands
* 22850: Amorgos and Naxos islands
* 22860: Folegandros, Ios, Santorini and Sikinos islands
* 22870: Kimolos and Milos
* 22880: Kea Island
* 22890: Mykonos
Question:
The Cyclades are an eastern island group of which nation?
Answer:
Yunanistan
Passage:
Spinach - Produce Depot
• Excellent source of vitamin K.
• Great source of Vitamin A
• Good source of manganese, folate, and vitamin C
• Source of Iron, Magnesium and Potassium
In animal studies, researchers have found that spinach may help protect the brain from oxidative stress and may reduce the effects of age-related related declines in brain function. Research indicates that eating a spinach rich diet significantly improved learning capacity and motor skills in adults.
Choosing & Storing:
Choose spinach that has vibrant deep green leaves and stems with no signs of yellowing. The leaves should look fresh and tender, and not be wilted or bruised. Store fresh spinach loosely packed in a plastic bag in the refrigerator crisper where it will keep fresh for about five days. Do not wash it before storing as the moisture will cause it to spoil. Avoid storing cooked spinach as it will not keep very well.
 
Tips for Preparing Spinach: 
Spinach should be washed very well since the leaves and stems tend to collect sand and soil. Before washing, trim off the roots and separate the leaves. Cut away any overly thick stems to ensure for more even cooking.
Spinach can be quick boiled for one minute. Boiling will help to reduce the amount of oxalic acids found in spinach, resulting in a sweeter taste.
Add layers of steamed spinach to your next lasagna recipe.
Toss steamed spinach with pressed garlic, fresh lemon juice and olive oil.
Sprinkle with a little Parmesan cheese.
Replace spinach for basil in pesto recipes and make spinach pesto.
Spinach salads are a classic easy and delicious meal or side dish.
footer.php
Quality and Variety
At Produce Depot we take pride in providing our                      customers with the freshest fruit and vegetables available. We're                      in the market every day buying only the best produce to make sure                      our customers get the best quality and variety.
Store Hours
Question:
What was the favourite vegetable of Catherine de Medici, who, when she left Florence to marry the king of France, brought her own cooks, who could prepare it in the ways that she especially liked?
Answer:
Paalak
