Passage:
Trident
A trident is a three-pronged spear. It is used for spear fishing and historically as a polearm.  
The trident is the weapon of Poseidon, or Neptune, the god of the sea in classical mythology. In Hindu mythology it is the weapon of Shiva, known as 
trishula (Sanskrit for "triple-spear").

Etymology

The word "trident" comes from the French word trident, which in turn comes from the Latin word tridens or tridentis: tri "three" and dentes "teeth". 
Sanskrit trishula is  compound of tri त्रि "three""".

The Greek equivalent is τρίαινα (tríaina), from Proto-Greek trianja (threefold).

Uses

 In Greek, Roman, and Hindu mythology, the trident is said to have the power of control over the ocean.

Fishing

Tridents for fishing usually have barbed tines which trap the speared fish firmly.  In the Southern and Midwestern United States, gigging is used for harvesting suckers, bullfrogs, flounder, and many species of rough fish. 

Combat

The trident, known as dangpa, is featured as a weapon in the 17th- to 18th-century systems of Korean martial arts.

In Ancient Rome, in a parody of fishing, tridents were famously used by a type of gladiator called a retiarius or "net fighter". The retiarius was traditionally pitted against a secutor, and cast a net to wrap his adversary and then used the trident to kill him. 

Symbolism/Mythology

In Hindu legends and stories Shiva, a Hindu God who holds a trident in his hand, uses this sacred weapon to fight off negativity in the form of evil villains. The trident is also said to represent three gunas mentioned in Indian vedic philosophy namely sāttvika, rājasika and tāmasika.  

In Greek myth, Poseidon used his trident to create water sources in Greece and the horse.  Poseidon, as well as being god of the sea, was also known as the "Earth Shaker" because when he struck the earth in anger he caused mighty earthquakes and he used his trident to stir up tidal waves, tsunamis and sea storms. Parallel to its fishing origins, the trident is associated with Poseidon, the god of the sea in Greek mythology, the Roman god Neptune.

In Roman myth, Neptune also used a trident to create new bodies of water and cause earthquakes. A good example can be seen in Gian Bernini's Neptune and Triton.

In religious Taoism, the trident represents the Taoist Trinity, the Three Pure Ones. In Taoist rituals, a trident bell is used to invite the presence of deities and summon spirits, as the trident signifies the highest authority of Heaven.

The trishula of the Hindu god Shiva.
A weapon of South-East Asian (particularly Thai) depiction of Hanuman, a character of Ramayana.

A fork Jewish priests (Kohanim) used to take their portions of offerings. 

The glyph or sigil of the planet Neptune in astronomy and astrology.

Political
* The  Tryzub in the Coat of Arms of Ukraine, adopted 1918 (in a reinterpretation of a medieval emblem which most likely depicted a falcon) 
*The national emblem on the flag of Barbados.
*The "forks of the people's anger", adopted by the Russian anti-Soviet revolutionary organization, National Alliance of Russian Solidarists (NTS).
*Britannia, the personification of Great Britain.

Civilian use
*The symbol for Washington and Lee University.
*The symbol (since June 2008) for the athletic teams (Tritons) at the University of Missouri–St. Louis.
*Sparky the Sun Devil, the mascot of Arizona State University, holds a trident. (ASU recently redesigned its trident as a stand-alone symbol)
*The trident was used as the original cap insignia and original logo for the Seattle Mariners.
*An element on the flag of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society
*The Maserati logo
*Malaysian Airlines logo (red/blue inter-locked on tail-fin structure)
*Club Méditerranée
* Hawker Siddeley Trident, a 1960s British three-engine jet airliner
*Tirreno–Adriatico cycle race trophy

Pop culture
*A magical weapon that grants its wielder, Aquaman, great power and the divine right to rule the sea.
*Triton, the father of Ariel in The Little Mermaid, has a magical trident.
*In many games in the Legend of Zelda series, the main antagonist Ganon is depicted wielding a large golden trident.
*In Suzanne Collin's popular young adult fiction series The Hunger Games, the character Finnick Odair uses a trident as his primary weapon.
*In the 2015 indie game Undertale, major antagonist Asgore Dreemurr is shown wielding a large red trident as part of his boss battle.

Military emblems
*With Poseidon in the 31st Brigade.
*The symbol of the Swedish Coastal Rangers, Kustjägarna.
*The US Naval Special Warfare insignia, worn by members of the US Navy SEALs, and containing a trident representing the three aspects (Sea, Air, and Land) of SEAL special operations.
*Part of the golden-colored crest of the United States Naval Academy, which depicts a trident running vertically in its background.
*The ship's crests of 13 of the 18 Ohio-class submarines of the U.S. Navy prominently feature tridents, as both a symbol of maritime power, and in reference to their payloads of Trident D-5 missiles.
*The rating badge of the United States Coast Guard Marine Science Technician.

*The symbol for Washington and Lee University
File:statueofshiva.JPG|A statue of Hindu God Shiva, holding a trishula, near Indira Gandhi International Airport, Delhi
File:Trident fishing gallaeus.jpg|Dutch fishermen using tridents in the 17th century
File:Trident, Burmese, 18th century.JPG|Trident, Burmese, 18th century
File:Tridents (Trishul) brought as offerings to Guna Devi., near Dharamsala, Himachal Pradesh.jpg|Tridents (Trishula) brought as offerings to Guna Devi, near Dharamsala, Himachal Pradesh, India 

Botanical nomenclature

A number of structures in the biological world are described as trident in appearance. Since at least the late 19th century the trident shape was applied to certain botanical shapes; for example, certain orchid flora were described as having trident-tipped lips in early botanical works.  Furthermore, in current botanical literature, certain bracts are stated to have a trident-shape (e.g. Douglas-fir).
Question:
To emphasise its links to the sea, which country depicts the top of Neptune’s trident on its national flag?
Answer:
Name of Barbados
Passage:
Chimichurris
The Chimichurri burger (usually called "Chimi burger", "Dominican burger", or simply "chimi") is a traditional snack dish (sandwich) served in the Dominican Republic. 

It is made from a ground pork or beef, which is sliced, grilled and served on a pan de agua (literally "water bread") and garnished with chopped cabbage. Salsa golf is also added. This dish is made throughout the Dominican Republic and is usually sold on street stands. Each vendor has their own recipe; flavors and ingredients can substantially vary the texture and taste of the chimichurris.

Outside the Dominican Republic 

Chimichurris are popularly sold out of food trucks in the Dominican Republic and in various areas of the United States.  Such areas include: Washington Heights, Manhattan, Corona, Queens, Brooklyn, Paterson, New Jersey, Allapattah area of Miami, East and South Orlando, Lawrence, Massachusetts, north of San Antonio, and in Providence, Rhode Island.
Question:
Chimichurris, Dagwood, Hot Brown, Shawarma, and Muffuletta are all types of what?
Answer:
Sandwich shop
Passage:
Viola tricolor
Viola tricolor, Also known as Johnny Jump up (though this name is also applied to similar species such as the yellow pansy), heartsease, heart's ease, heart's delight, tickle-my-fancy, Jack-jump-up-and-kiss-me, come-and-cuddle-me, three faces in a hood, or love-in-idleness, is a common European wild flower, growing as an annual or short-lived perennial. It has been introduced into North America, where it has spread. It is the progenitor of the cultivated pansy, and is therefore sometimes called wild pansy; before the cultivated pansies were developed, "pansy" was an alternative name for the wild form.

V. tricolor is a small plant of creeping and ramping  habit, reaching at most 15 cm in height, with flowers about 1.5 cm in diameter. It grows in short grassland on farms and wasteland, chiefly on acid or neutral soils. It is usually found in partial shade. It flowers from April to September (in the northern hemisphere). The flowers can be purple, blue, yellow or white. They are hermaphrodite and self-fertile, pollinated by bees.

As its name implies, heartsease has a long history of use in herbalism. It has been recommended, among other uses, for epilepsy, asthma, skin diseases and eczema.  V. tricolor has a history in folk medicine of helping respiratory problems such as bronchitis, asthma, and cold symptoms.  It has expectorant properties, and so has been used in the treatment of chest complaints such as bronchitis and whooping cough. It is also a diuretic,  leading to its use in treating rheumatism and cystitis.

The flowers have also been used to make yellow, green and blue-green dyes, while the leaves can be used to make a chemical indicator.

Long before cultivated pansies were released into the trade in 1839, V. tricolor was associated with thought in the "language of flowers", often by its alternative name of pansy (from the French "pensée" - thought): hence Ophelia's often quoted line in Shakespeare's Hamlet, "There's pansies, that's for thoughts". What Shakespeare had in mind was V. tricolor, not a modern garden pansy.

Shakespeare makes a more direct reference, probably to V. tricolor  in A Midsummer Night's Dream. Oberon sends Puck to gather "a little western flower" that maidens call "love-in-idleness". Oberon's account is that he diverted an arrow from Cupid's bow aimed at "a fair vestal, throned by the west" (supposedly Queen Elizabeth I) to fall upon the plant "before milk-white, now purple with love's wound". The "imperial vot'ress" passes on "fancy-free", destined never to fall in love. The juice of the heartsease now, claims Oberon, "on sleeping eyelids laid, Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees." Equipped with such powers, Oberon and Puck control the fates of various characters in the play to provide Shakespeare's essential dramatic and comic structure for the play.

Chemicals

V. tricolor is one of many viola plant species containing cyclotides. These small peptides have proven to be useful in drug development due to their size and structure giving rise to high stability. Many cyclotides,   found in Viola tricolor are cytotoxic.  This feature means that it could be used to treat cancers.  

Extracts from the plant are anti-microbial.  

V. tricolor extract had anti-inflammatory effect in acute inflammation induced in  male Wistar rats. 

The plant, especially the flowers, contain antioxidants and are edible. 

Plants contain aglycones: apigenin, chrysoeriol, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, luteolin, quercetin.  and rutin  

The fresh plant Viola declinata and V. tricolor contain approximately
* saponins (4.40%), 
* mucilages (10.26%),
* total carotenoids(8.45 mg/100g vegetal product, expressed in β-carotene).
Question:
Give an alternative name for the flowering plant 'heartsease'?
Answer:
Wild Pansy
