Passage:
Sophie Kinsella (Author of Confessions of a Shopaholic)
Sophie Kinsella (Author of Confessions of a Shopaholic)
edit data
Madeleine Wickham (born 12 December 1969) is a bestselling British author under her pseudonym, Sophie Kinsella. Educated at New College, Oxford, she worked as a financial journalist before turning to fiction. She is best known for writing a popular series of chick-lit novels. The Shopaholic novels series focuses on the misadventures of Becky Bloomwood, a financial journalist who cannot manage her own finances. The books follows her life from when her credit card debt first become overwhelming ("The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic") to the latest book on being married and having a child ("Shopaholic & Baby"). Throughout the entire series, her obsession with shopping and the complications that imparts on her life are central themes.
Gemm Madeleine Wickham (born 12 December 1969) is a bestselling British author under her pseudonym, Sophie Kinsella. Educated at New College, Oxford, she worked as a financial journalist before turning to fiction. She is best known for writing a popular series of chick-lit novels. The Shopaholic novels series focuses on the misadventures of Becky Bloomwood, a financial journalist who cannot manage her own finances. The books follows her life from when her credit card debt first become overwhelming ("The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic") to the latest book on being married and having a child ("Shopaholic & Baby"). Throughout the entire series, her obsession with shopping and the complications that imparts on her life are central themes.
Question:
Who is the author of the 'Shopaholic' series of 'Chick Lit' books?
Answer:
Sophie Kinsella
Passage:
The tragic tale of Saint Olof, patron saint of Norway ...
The tragic tale of Saint Olof, patron saint of Norway | Michael Wills
The tragic tale of Saint Olof, patron saint of Norway
Michael Wills > Three Kings – One… > The tragic tale of…
The tragic tale of Saint Olof, patron saint of Norway
Olof Haraldsson became king of Norway at the age of twenty in 1015 and was to rule for only thirteen years before he was deposed in 1028. He was a remarkable traveller. Even before his accession to the throne he raided Estonia in 1008 and later England in 1014, in support of King Ethelred, helping to temporarily depose King Canute. Legend has it that he destroyed London Bridge in that year. He spent a winter in Normandy and there became baptised as a Christian. From then on his aim was to unite and Christianise Norway. His methods of conversion were harsh and he alienated many of his people.
In a joint campaign in 1026 with the Swedish navy, King Olof suffered a disastrous setback in the battle of the Holy River in southern Sweden, against the combined Danish and English navies. With his fleet destroyed, he had to travel back to his capital, Nidaros  (Trondheim), over land.
Within three years, discontent with his reign was so great in Norway that the nobles invited King Canute of Denmark to rule the country. Olof fled to Russia and lived as a guest of Prince Jarolsav in Novgorod. In 1030 he returned to Norway to reassert his claim to the Norwegian throne. He was killed at the battle of Sticklestad near Nidaros.
                       A replica Viking longhouse on the site of the Battle of Stiklestad
 
Subsequently, the English missionary he had taken to Norway, Bishop Grimkell [1] , declared the late king as a saint and this was confirmed by the Pope. And thus the legend of Saint Olof was born. Paradoxically, after death, through his canonisation, Olof had more influence on the Christianisation of Norway than he had when he was alive. Not only did he become the patron saint of Norway, but his cult was embraced by all the Scandinavian countries and even in England, where several churches were dedicated to him.
At the end of Danish rule in Norway, Olof’s illegitimate son by his concubine, became King Magnus.
Through various royal lines of descent across Europe, the current royal family of Norway is related to King Olof.
 
                                                 Saint Olof’s monument at Stiklestad
[1]Subsequently, Grimkell became the first Bishop of Sigtuna in Sweden and then later Bishop of the Selsey Diocese in southern England.
Submit a Comment
Question:
Saint Olof is the Patron Saint of which country?
Answer:
Norvège
Passage:
Simon Baker
Simon Baker (born 30 July 1969) is an Australian  actor and director. In his television acting career, he is best known for his lead roles in the CBS television series The Mentalist (as Patrick Jane) and The Guardian (as Nicholas Fallin).

In his film acting career, he is best known for his roles as Max Rourke in the remake of the Japanese horror film The Ring Two, Riley Denbo in Land of the Dead and Christian Thompson in the film adaptation of The Devil Wears Prada.

Career

Baker is best known for his portrayal of Patrick Jane in the television series The Mentalist. 

Personal life

In his younger years he grew up in New South Wales Australia.

In 1998, Baker married Australian actress Rebecca Rigg after five years of living together. They have three children.

In July 2009, Baker told PopMatters that he was raised Catholic, but is now agnostic. 

In 2010, he was earning US$350,000 per episode of The Mentalist. At that time his net worth was US$25 million.  Shortly after, he signed a contract that delivered a payment of US$30 million for his role as Patrick Jane. 

Honours

On 14 February 2013, Baker was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the entertainment industry. Baker's star can be found at 6352 Hollywood Blvd. 

In June 2012, Baker was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences along with 175 other individuals. 

Adverts

Baker was selected by the French perfume house Givenchy to be the face of the Fragrance "Gentlemen Only".  In it Baker walks down a pavement in pouring rain, whilst carrying an umbrella. The spot released 11 March 2013 also exists in a 33-second version and reached a strong YouTube audience.

Baker also featured in an 18-month ad campaign for ANZ Bank in Australia and New Zealand starting in 2012. 

Since 2012, he has been a Longines Ambassador of Elegance  and featured in "Elegance is an attitude" advertising campaign which was shot in Chantilly Racecourse  as well as their magazine print campaign for the same slogan  shot by Le Studio Production SA.

Baker fronted Samsung Electronics Australia's "Turn on Tomorrow" campaign featuring as announced in July 2010.  

Filmography

Film

Television

Awards and nominations
Question:
Which TV series follows Simon Baker as Patrick Jane, an independent consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation in Sacramento, California, who solves serious crimes by using his skills of observation?
Answer:
The Mentalist (TV series)
Passage:
South Africa women's national football team
The South Africa national women's football team, nicknamed Banyana Banyana (The Girls), is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association.

Their first official match was held on 30 May 1993 against Swaziland. 

They qualified for the Olympic football for the first time in 2012 tournament,  while at that time they have not yet qualified for FIFA Women's World Cup.

World Cup record

*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.

Olympic Games record

*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.

Performance in Africa Women's Championship

*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.

Current squad

As of October 22, 2014: 

Head coach: Vera Pauw

Coach

The coach of Banyana Banyana is Vera Pauw.
Question:
'Banyana Banyana' which translates as 'Girls Girls' is the nickname of which nation's women's football team?
Answer:
South africa
Passage:
Jean Nicot
Jean Nicot (1530–1600) was a French diplomat and scholar.

Early life

Jean Nicot was born in 1530 in Nîmes, in the south of France.  His father was a notary. He was educated in Toulouse and Paris.

Career

Nicot served as the French ambassador in Lisbon, Portugal from 1559 to 1561, under King Henry II. As a 29-year-old in 1559, he was sent from France to Portugal to negotiate the marriage of six-year-old princess Margaret of Valois to five-year-old King Sebastian of Portugal.
 
When Nicot returned, he brought tobacco plants. He introduced snuff tobacco to the French royal court. In particular, he presented the queen mother, Catherine de' Medici, with tobacco leaves to cure her of her migraines.  The plant was also an instant success with the Father Superior of Malta, who shared tobacco with all of his monks. More and more of the fashionable people of Paris began to use the plant, making Nicot a celebrity.

At first, the plant was called Nicotina. But nicotine later came to refer specifically to the particular chemical in the plant. The tobacco plant, Nicotiana, also a flowering garden plant, was named after him by Carl Linnaeus, as was nicotine.  Nicot described its believed medicinal properties (1559) and sent it as a medicine to the French court.

For his service to the French royal court, Nicot was given the name 'de Villemain' and land near Brie-Comte-Robert. There, he compiled one of the first French dictionaries Thresor de la langue françoyse tant ancienne que moderne (published in 1606).

Death

He died on May 4, 1600 in Paris, France.
Question:
What was first brought to Europe by Francisco Fernandes, and sent as a treat by Jean Nicot to Catherine de Medici?
Answer:
Smoking blend
Passage:
Malpighi | Define Malpighi at Dictionary.com
Malpighi | Define Malpighi at Dictionary.com
Malpighi
[mahr-chel-law] /mɑrˈtʃɛl lɔ/ (Show IPA), 1628–94, Italian anatomist.
Related forms
[mal-pig-ee-uh n] /mælˈpɪg i ən/ (Show IPA), adjective
Dictionary.com Unabridged
Examples from the Web for Malpighi
Expand
Historical Examples
The Insect Jules Michelet
Malpighi could not satisfy himself as to the existence of seeds, which other botanists have pretended to discover.
Disease in Plants H. Marshall Ward
In the anatomical field the work of Malpighi and Swammerdam was at first continued most energetically by French students.
British Dictionary definitions for Malpighi
Expand
noun
1.
Marcello (marˈtʃɛllo). 1628–94, Italian physiologist. A pioneer in microscopic anatomy, he identified the capillary system (1661)
Derived Forms
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Expand
Malpighi Mal·pi·ghi (māl-pē'gē, mäl-), Marcello. 1628-1694.
Italian anatomist who pioneered the use of a microscope in the study of anatomy and discovered the capillary system.
The American Heritage® Stedman's Medical Dictionary
Copyright © 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company.
Malpighi
  (māl-pē'gē)    
Italian anatomist who was the first to use a microscope in the study of anatomy. He discovered the capillary system, extending the work of William Harvey. He is also noted for his studies of the structure of the lungs, spleen, liver, kidneys, skin, brain, and spinal cord.
The American Heritage® Science Dictionary
Copyright © 2002. Published by Houghton Mifflin. All rights reserved.
Question:
In which part of your body would you find the 'Pyramids of Malpighi'?
Answer:
Human kidney
Passage:
Mountain range
A mountain range (also mountain barrier, belt, or system) is a geographic area containing numerous geologically related mountains. A mountain system or system of mountain ranges, sometimes is used to combine several geological features that are geographically (regionally) related. On Earth, most significant mountain ranges are the result of plate tectonics, though mountain ranges are formed by a range of processes, are found on many planetary mass objects in the Solar System and are likely a feature of most terrestrial planets.

Mountain ranges are usually segmented by highlands or mountain passes and valleys. Individual mountains within the same mountain range do not necessarily have the same geologic structure or petrology. They may be a mix of different orogenic expressions and terranes, for example thrust sheets, uplifted blocks, fold mountains, and volcanic landforms resulting in a variety of rock types.

Major ranges 

Most geologically young mountain ranges on the Earth's land surface are associated with either the Pacific Ring of Fire or the Alpide Belt. The Pacific Ring of Fire includes the Andes of South America, extends through the North American Cordillera along the Pacific Coast, the Aleutian Range, on through Kamchatka, Japan, Taiwan, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, to New Zealand.  The Andes is 7000 km long and is often considered the world's longest mountain system. 

The Alpide belt includes Indonesia and southeast Asia, through the Himalaya, and ends in the Alps, Spain and Atlas Mountains.  The belt also includes other European and Asian mountain ranges. The Himalayas contain the highest mountains in the world, including Mount Everest, which is 8848 m high and traverses the border between China and Nepal. 

Mountain ranges outside of these two systems include the Arctic Cordillera, the Urals, the Appalachians, the Scandinavian Mountains, the Altai Mountains and the Hijaz Mountains. If the definition of a mountain range is stretched to include underwater mountains, then the Ocean Ridges form the longest continuous mountain system on Earth, with a length of . 

Divisions and categories

The mountain systems of the earth are characterized by a tree structure, where mountain ranges can contain sub-ranges. The sub-range relationship is often expressed as a parent-child relationship. For example, the White Mountains of New Hampshire and the Blue Ridge Mountains are sub-ranges of the Appalachian Mountains. Equivalently, the Appalachians are the parent of the White Mountains and Blue Ridge Mountains, and the White Mountains and the Blue Ridge Mountains are children of the Appalachians.

The parent-child expression extends to the sub-ranges themselves: the Sandwich Range and the Presidential Range are children of the White Mountains, while the Presidential Range is parent to the Northern Presidential Range and Southern Presidential Range.

Climate

The position of mountains influences climate, such as rain or snow. When air masses move up and over mountains, the air cools producing orographic precipitation (rain or snow). As the air descends on the leeward side, it warms again (in accordance with the adiabatic lapse rate) and is drier, having been stripped of much of its moisture. Often, a rain shadow will affect the leeward side of a range.

Erosion

Mountain ranges are constantly subjected to erosional forces which work to tear them down. Erosion is at work while the mountains are being uplifted and long after until the mountains are reduced to low hills and plains. The rugged topography of a mountain range is the product of erosion. The basins adjacent to an eroding mountain range are filled with sediments which are buried and turned into sedimentary rock.

The early Cenozoic uplift of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado provides an example. As the uplift was occurring some 10000 ft of mostly Mesozoic sedimentary strata were removed by erosion over the core of the mountain range and spread as sand and clays across the Great Plains to the east.  This mass of rock was removed as the range was actively undergoing uplift. The removal of such a mass from the core of the range most likely caused further uplift as the region adjusted isostatically in response to the removed weight.

Extraterrestrial "Montes"

Mountains on other planets and natural satellites of the Solar System are often isolated and formed mainly by processes such as impacts, though there are examples of mountain ranges (or "Montes") somewhat similar to those on Earth. Saturn's moon Titan  and Pluto,  in particular exhibit large mountain ranges in chains composed mainly of ices rather than rock. Examples include the Mithrim Montes and Doom Mons on Titan, and Norgay Montes and Hillary Montes on Pluto. Some terrestrial planets other than Earth also exhibit rocky mountain ranges, such as Maxwell Montes on Venus taller than any on Earth  and Tartarus Montes on Mars,  Jupiter's moon Io has mountain ranges formed from tectonic processes including Boösaule Montes, Dorian Montes, Hi'iaka Montes and Euboea Montes.
Question:
In which range of mountains are the two highest peaks Aconcagua and Ojos Del Salado?
Answer:
THE ANDES
Passage:
Broadcasters' Audience Research Board
The Broadcasters' Audience Research Board (BARB) is the organisation that compiles audience measurement and television ratings in the United Kingdom. It was created in 1981 to replace two previous systems whereby ITV ratings were compiled by JICTAR (Joint Industry Committee for Television Audience Research), whilst the BBC did their own audience research.

BARB is jointly owned by the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, Channel 5, Sky and the Institute of Practitioners in Advertising. Participating viewers have a box on top of their TV sets which tracks the programmes they watch.

Business

Currently, BARB have approximately 5,100 homes (equating to approximately 12,000 individuals)  participating in the panel. This means that with a total UK population of 58,789,194, according to the 2001 census, each viewer with a BARB reporting box represents over 5,000 people. The box records exactly what programs they watch, and the panelists indicate who is in the room watching by pressing a button on a remote control handset. The data is collected overnight and published as overnight ratings at around 9.30 the following morning for use by TV stations and the advertising industry. The following week, final figures are released which are a combination of the overnight figures with "time-shift" figures (people recording a program and watching it within a week). For programmes from December 15, 2014 onwards, BARB has begun publishing viewing figures for a period of 28 days after the original broadcast. 

BARB numbers are extremely important to commercial television stations. The trading model that is used by television companies and advertising agencies depends on the number of people watching the shows, and the commercial attractiveness of those people. The advertising agency will pay the television station a certain amount of money based on the number of people watching a show. The BARB numbers are used to work this out. Higher BARB numbers usually mean more advertising revenue for the television station.

This leads to some interesting situations on the smaller channels. Since there are many television stations, and many hours in the day, there can be situations where BARB will record zero viewers for certain program. As the TV advertising system is geared round BARB ratings all but the very smallest channels subscribe to BARB.

The BARB publishes inter alia Weekly Top 10 Charts,  a Weekly Viewing Summary for programms  or the use of program genres. 

Data gathering

BARB's current research contracts have been awarded to three different market research companies: RSMB, Ipsos MORI, and Kantar Media.  The contracts run from January 2010 to the end of 2015, with options to extend further.

RSMB are responsible for survey design, quality control and calculation methodology.  Ipsos MORI's role is to survey the characteristics of the television owning population, including an element of direct recruitment to the viewing panel. Kantar Media is responsible for establishing and maintaining the new BARB viewing panel. It has a separate contract covering meter panel installation, data retrieval, processing and audience reporting functions.
Question:
What do 'Barb'' charts show?
Answer:
Television Ratings
Passage:
Bluewater (shopping centre)
Bluewater Shopping Centre (commonly referred to as Bluewater) is an out of town shopping centre in Stone (postally Greenhithe), Kent, England, outside the M25 Orbital motorway,  east south-east of London's centre.  Opened on 16 March 1999 in a former chalk quarry after three years of building, the site including car parks occupies 240 acres  and has a sales floor area of 154,000 m2 (1,600,000 ft2) over two levels, making it the fourth-largest shopping centre in the UK (after the MetroCentre, Trafford Centre and Westfield Stratford City). Elsewhere in Europe only Istanbul's Cevahir Mall and Vienna's (Vösendorf) Shopping City Süd are bigger. The floor plan is a triangular shape with 330 stores, including 3 anchors, 40 cafés and restaurants, and a 13-screen cinema. The centre employs 7,000 people and serves over  visitors a year. A main rival is the Lakeside Shopping Centre and its two retail parks by road 8 mi away in West Thurrock, Essex, just across the River Thames or  point-to-point.

It is owned by four major UK institutions, Prudential plc and PRUPIM (35%), Land Securities (30%), the Lend Lease Retail Partnership (25%) and Hermes (10%). 

History

In 1994, quarry operator Blue Circle approached Australian mall developer Lend Lease to form a partnership.
Instead, Lend Lease bought the land and the project from Blue Circle, and under the leadership of its CEO Peter Walichnowski gathered a group of major investors, which included: Prudential, Barclays Mercantile, Hermes (acting for Britel), Lloyds Leasing, and Royal Bank Leasing. Lend Lease also formed a pool of minor investors, called the Lend Lease Retail Partnership, with 18 institutions and corporations.

John Lewis was the first major tenant to sign up in February 1995, albeit with major concessions, such as the offer of 300000 sqft, one-fifth of the entire floor space, on three levels. This gave Bluewater credibility to sign more names, including the two other anchor stores: House of Fraser followed in June 1996 by Marks & Spencer. 90% of the retail space was committed by March 1998.

Construction, undertaken by Bovis Lend Lease,  started on 1 May 1996. At its peak, the site employed 2,500 workers simultaneously. In all, 20,000 people worked  hours on the construction of Bluewater. At the planned opening date, 16 March 1999, Bluewater was inaugurated with 99% of the shops open for business. The total cost of construction was around GBP £400 million. 

In May 2005, Bluewater introduced a code of conduct to ban swearing, clothing that obscures the face (including hoods and baseball caps), and groups of more than five without the intention to shop.    The policy has divided opinion, although Tony Blair did show support.

Redevelopments and expansions

With further expansion and development in the shopping centre industry since Bluewater's opening in 1999, perhaps most prominently the entry of Westfield London and Westfield Stratford City into the market, Bluewater has looked to make changes to its offering to keep the centre up to date and provide new and additional customer experiences. Numerous stores have been refurbished, expanded or relocated in recent years as the centre looks to expand and upgrade its mix of retailers, and there have been some major construction projects, mostly centred on the three leisure/dining 'villages', undertaken or proposed.

In late 2006, Dartford Borough Council granted planning permission for Bluewater to build a two-story events venue  of 5200 m2, and further extend the south side of the centre. Construction on the extension began in early 2010, and when completed in 2011 the expansion added more restaurants to the Plaza (formerly Water Circus) section, including a Jamie's Italian, Wagamamas and Browns. The new Glow events centre opened as part of the extension spans two floors, and has held events such as the BBC's Good Food Show: Spring. The events venue was developed alongside the existing entertainment provision in this area, the Showcase cinema which has been present in this area (initially as a Hoyts multiplex) since the opening of Bluewater.

During 2012, the Wintergarden food court area off Rose Gallery was extensively refurbished. Much of the food court was closed for part of the year to enable the work, with McDonalds notably unavailable at Bluewater throughout the period, though the Pizza Hut, Nando's restaurants to the far side of the area (by the centre entrance), and the Ponti's restaurant on the upper mall, remained open during the works. KFC relocated to Thames Walk to continue to trade during the development. When the Wintergarden works completed in October 2012, McDonalds, KFC and Harry Ramsden's returned to their post, along with several new food outlets, most significantly a new Giraffe restaurant which had been constructed adjacent to McDonalds. The previous large 'castle'-style McDonalds was replaced with a simple serving counter. 

A proposal was put forward in early 2013 to expand the West Village dining and specialist retail area currently sited off the Guildhall. This currently comprises a Waterstones bookshop, a training and recruitment facility, and Costa Coffee shop on the upper mall, and on the lower mall a row of boutique retailers leading out to a suite of restaurants including Carluccio's, Pizza Express and Loch Fyne Restaurants amongst others. The proposal would see much of the existing infrastructure demolished and replaced with a new larger two-level 'specialist retail' area, similar to 'The Village' at Westfield London, with upmarket retail and restaurant facilities and mall access to both levels. Existing businesses would have to be relocated or removed from the centre to allow the works to go ahead.  

Parking

There are over 13,000 free parking spaces, covered over six car parks.
Question:
Bluewater Shopping Centre is located in which English county?
Answer:
Garden of england
Passage:
Viscount Rothermere
Viscount Rothermere, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1919 for the press lord Harold Harmsworth, 1st Baron Harmsworth.  He had already been created a baronet, of Horsey in the County of Norfolk, on 14 July 1910,  and Baron Rothermere, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, in 1914.  Every holder of the titles has served as chairman of Daily Mail and General Trust plc. As of 2009 the titles are held by the first Viscount's great-grandson, the fourth Viscount, who succeeded his father in 1998.  

The first Viscount Rothermere was the younger brother of Alfred Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Northcliffe and the elder brother of Cecil Harmsworth, 1st Baron Harmsworth, Sir Leicester Harmsworth, 1st Baronet, and Sir Hildebrand Harmsworth, 1st Baronet. 

Viscounts Rothermere (1919)

*Harold Sydney Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere (1868–1940)
**Hon. Harold Alfred Vyvyan St George Harmsworth (1894–1918) 
*Esmond Cecil Harmsworth, 2nd Viscount Rothermere (1898–1978)
*Vere Harold Esmond Harmsworth, 3rd Viscount Rothermere (1925–1998)
*Harold Jonathan Esmond Vere Harmsworth, 4th Viscount Rothermere (born 1967)

The heir apparent is the present holder's son the Hon. Richard Jonathan Harold Vere Harmsworth (born 1994)
Question:
What was the family name of the first Viscount Rothermere and his brother the first Viscount Northcliffe, founders of the Daily Mail and the Daily Mirror?
Answer:
Harmsworth (disambiguation)
Passage:
John Curry | British figure skater | Britannica.com
John Curry | British figure skater | Britannica.com
British figure skater
Alternative Title: John Anthony Curry
John Curry
Christopher Dean
John Curry, in full John Anthony Curry (born September 9, 1949, Birmingham , England —died April 15, 1994, Binton, Warwickshire, England), English figure skater who redefined the sport with his elegant balletic style. Known as “the Nureyev of the ice,” he won the gold medal at the 1976 Olympic Games in Innsbruck, Austria.
John Curry (U.K.), 1976.
Central Press/Hulton Archive/Getty Images
Curry had an early interest in ballet , but his father would not allow him to take dance lessons because he felt dance was effeminate. Curry began skating at age seven, however, because his father considered ice skating a sport. Combining graceful athleticism and innovative choreography, he was the British national champion in 1971 and from 1973 to 1976. He moved to the United States in 1973, where he trained with Carlo Fassi . For the first time, Curry was able to devote himself fully to skating, thanks to financial help from an American sponsor.
In 1976 Curry reached the pinnacle of his amateur career, winning the British national, European, and world titles, as well as the gold medal at the Olympics. Although his earlier performances had been criticized for lacking the more athletic and daring moves expected in men’s figure skating, Curry included three triples in his Olympic program. As a result, seven of the nine judges placed Curry first, with the Soviet and Canadian judges placing him second, for Great Britain’s first gold medal in figure skating. Later that year, Curry was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire .
After winning the world title, Curry turned professional. He formed his own touring company, working with such ballet choreographers as Twyla Tharp , Kenneth MacMillan, and Peter Martins . In 1978 he established a skating school in New York City . Diagnosed with AIDS , he retired from the sport in 1991.
Learn More in these related articles:
Question:
What was the name of the British figure skater who was 1976 Olympic and World Champion?
Answer:
John Curry
Passage:
If I Ruled the World
"If I Ruled the World" is a popular song, composed by Leslie Bricusse and Cyril Ornadel, which was originally from the 1963 West End musical Pickwick (based on Charles Dickens's The Pickwick Papers). In the context of the stage musical, the song is sung by Samuel Pickwick, when he is mistaken for an election candidate and called on by the crowd to give his manifesto.  Ornadel and Bricusse received the 1963 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. 

The song is usually associated with Sir Harry Secombe, who got the song to No 18 in the UK charts in 1963, but has been performed by other singers, notably Tony Bennett, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, The Supremes,  Tom Jones and Regina Belle. Bennett originally recorded the song in 1965, and had a number 34 hit with it on the U.S. pop singles charts.  Bennett, with Celine Dion, returned to the song on his Grammy-winning 2006 album Duets: An American Classic. 

Andy Hallett – the actor best known for playing the part of Lorne ('The Host') in the television series Angel – sang a cover version of the song in that series' final episode.  The politician-spoofing BBC panel show If I Ruled the World was named after the song.

This song was featured in Spring/Summer 2009 on the Vodafone adverts in the UK.

Jamie Cullum also recorded a version for his album The Pursuit, and performed it at his special performance at the Late Night Prom, number Prom 55, of The Proms in London, with The Heritage Ensemble, on Thursday 26 August 2010 between 22:15 and 13.45. As shown on BBC televisions' BBC Four on the following night.
Question:
"The song ""If I ruled the world"" came from which musical?"
Answer:
PICKWICK
Passage:
Cycle per second
The cycle per second was a once-common English name for the unit of frequency now known as the hertz. The plural form was typically used, often written "cycles per second", "cycles/second", "c.p.s", "c/s", "~" or just "cycles". The term comes from the fact that sound waves have a frequency measurable in their number of vibrations, or cycles, per second.  

With the organization of the International System of Units in 1960, the cycle per second was officially replaced by the hertz, or reciprocal second. Symbolically, "cycle per second" units are "cycle/second", while hertz is "1/second" or \text{s}^{-1}.  This particular mandate has been so widely adopted as to render the old 'cycle per second' all but extinct. 

For higher frequencies, kilocycles (kc), as an abbreviation of kilocycles per second were often used on components or devices. Other higher units like megacycle (Mc) and less commonly kilomegacycle (kMc) were used before 1960 
and in some later documents.   These have modern equivalents such as kilohertz (kHz), megahertz (MHz), and gigahertz (GHz). 

The rate at which aperiodic or stochastic events occur may be expressed in becquerels (as in the case of radioactive decay), not hertz, since although the two are mathematically similar by convention hertz implies regularity where becquerels implies the requirement of a time averaging operation. Thus, 1 Bq is 1 event per second on average whereas 1 hertz is 1 event per second on a regular cycle.

Cycle can also be a unit for measuring usage of reciprocating machines, especially presses, in which cases cycle refers to one complete revolution of the mechanism being measured (i.e. the shaft of a reciprocating engine).
Question:
Named after a German physicist, what is the international (SI) unit of frequency, defined as one cycle per second?
Answer:
Zettahertz
Passage:
BBC NEWS | Entertainment | Rod Stewart divorce is finalised
BBC NEWS | Entertainment | Rod Stewart divorce is finalised
Rod Stewart divorce is finalised
Rachel Hunter and Rod Stewart married in 1990 when she was 21
Singer Rod Stewart and model Rachel Hunter have finally divorced following their separation seven years ago.
Documents from Los Angeles Superior Court show the divorce was finalised on 2 November, but disclose no details of any financial settlement.
Hunter, 37 and Stewart, 61, married in 1990 and have two children together. Stewart has seven children in total.
Stewart proposed to model Penny Lancaster, 35, last year. The pair have a one-year-old son.
Stewart's spokesman had no comment on the divorce or when the pair will wed, although Lancaster's agent Nicholas Young said last year that Stewart wanted to get married in Scotland, the birthplace of his father.
Lancaster and Stewart have been together for nearly seven years
Hunter initially filed for divorce in 2003, but dropped the proceedings. Stewart filed his own papers last year, citing irreconcilable differences.
Stewart became famous as a singer in the Faces before having a string of solo hits including Baby Jane, Do Ya Think I'm Sexy, Maggie May and Sailing.
The singer's popularity has enjoyed a revival in the US recently with the success of his Great American Songbook albums of 1930s and 1940s cover versions.
Question:
Which 21 year old model did Rod Stewart marry in 1990?
Answer:
Rachel Hunter
Passage:
Singapore Sling
The Singapore Sling is a gin-based cocktail. This long drink was developed sometime before 1915  by Ngiam Tong Boon, a  Hainanese bartender working at the Long Bar in Raffles Hotel, Singapore. It was initially called the gin sling  – a sling was originally an American drink composed of spirit and water, sweetened and flavored. 

History

D. A. Embury stated in the Fine Art of Mixing Drinks: "Of all the recipes published for [this drink] I have never seen any two that were alike." The Times described the "original recipe" as mixing two measures of gin with one of cherry brandy and one of orange, pineapple and lime juice   An alternative "original recipe" used gin, Cherry Heering, Bénédictine, and fresh pineapple juice, primarily from Sarawak pineapples which enhance the flavor and create a foamy top.
The hotel's recipe was recreated based on the memories of former bartenders and written notes that they discovered regarding the original recipe.

Present style

By the 1980s, the Singapore Sling was often little more than gin, bottled sweet and sour, and grenadine. With the move towards fresh juices and the re-emergence of quality products like Cherry Heering, the cocktail has begun to resemble its original version.  Recipes published in articles about Raffles Hotel before the 1970s are significantly different from current recipes, and Singapore Slings drunk elsewhere in Singapore differ from the recipe used at Raffles Hotel.

Gin slings

The gin sling, attested from 1790, described an American drink of gin which was flavoured, sweetened and served cold.  The Singapore sling has been documented as early as 1930 as a recipe in the Savoy Cocktail Book; Ingredients ¼ lemon juice, ¼ Dry Gin, ½ Cherry Brandy: "Shake well and strain into medium size glass, and fill with soda water. Add 1 lump of ice". 

Brewer's refers to the gin-sling as "a drink mainly composed of gin and lemon" and states that it has been attributed to bartender John Collins of London, "but it dates from before his time and was found in the U.S.A. by 1800"  which is similar to the John Collins which is another drink of gin and lemon.
Question:
Which spirit gives the 'kick' in a Singapore Sling?
Answer:
Mothers ruin
Passage:
Port of Piraeus
The Port of Piraeus, as the largest Greek seaport, is one of the largest seaports in Europe and the world, located in the Mediterranean Sea basin.  The Port of Piraeus served as the port of Athens since the ancient times.  

Today, the Port of Piraeus is a major employer in the region, with more than 2,500 employees who provide services to more than 40,000 ships and 20.000.000 passengers  every year, and is operated by the Piraeus Port Authority S.A..
According to Lloyd's list for top 100 container ports in 2015 Piraeus ranked 8th in Europe and 3rd the Mediterranean sea.  This rapid growth is expecting to make Piraeus the biggest commercial port in the Mediterranean by 2016.

History

Until the 3rd millennium BC, Piraeus was a rocky island connected to the mainland by a low-lying stretch of land that was flooded with sea water most of the year. It was then that the area was increasingly silted and flooding ceased, thus permanently connecting Piraeus to Attica and forming its ports, the main port of Cantharus and the two smaller of Zea and Munichia. In 493 BC, Themistocles initiated the fortifications of Piraeus and later advised the Athenians to take advantage of its natural harbours' strategic potential. In 483 BC, the Athenian fleet left the older harbour of Phaleron and it was transferred to Piraeus, distinguishing itself at the battle of Salamis between the Greek city-states and the Persians in 480 BC. In the following years Themistocles initiated the construction of the port and created the ship sheds (neosoikoi), while the Themistoclean Walls were completed in 471 BC, turning Piraeus into a great military and commercial harbour, which served as the permanent navy base for the mighty Athenian fleet. However, in the late 4th century BC began a long period of decline for Piraeus; the harbours were only occasionally used for the Byzantine fleet and the city was mostly deserted throughout the Ottoman occupation of Greece.

Statistics

As of April 2016 the port ranks 39th globally in terms of container capacity. 
 the Port of Piraeus handled 20,121,916 tonnes of cargo and 1,373,138 TEU's making it the busiest cargo port in Greece and the largest container port in the country and the East Mediterranean Sea Basin.

* figures in tonnes

Terminals

Container terminal

The terminal has a storage of 900,000 m2 and an annual traffic capacity of around 1.8 million TEUs. 

The container terminal has two piers with a total length of 2.8 km, a storage area of 626,000 m2 and an annual capacity of 1.6 - 1.8 million TEUs. 

Pier I is currently expanding and at completion in 2009 it will increase its container traffic capacity to 1,000,000 TEUs. 

Pier II is also expanding and will have a container traffic capacity of 1,000,000 in 2012. 

There are plans to build another pier, Pier III which at completion in 2015 will have a high density stacking system with a container capacity of 1,000,000 TEUs per year.  In the right moment only the east part of the Pier III is constructed.

Upon the completion of the Pier III, the total annual TEU capacity of Piraeus Port will increase to 6,200,000 TEU .  In 2010 the container throughput of Piraeus Port was 0.88 million TEU while in 2015 it was 3.36 million TEU.

Cargo terminal

The cargo terminal has a storage area of 180,000 m2 and an annual traffic capacity of 25,000,000 tonnes.

Automobile terminal

The Port of Piraeus has three car terminals with a total length of 1.4 km, a land area of 180,000 m2, storage capacity of 12,000 cars and a transshipment capacity of 670,000 units per year. 

In 2007 the automobile terminal handled 260,605 trucks, 612,840 cars and 9,920 buses.

Passenger terminal

The Port of Piraeus is the largest passenger port in Europe and one of the largest passenger ports in the world with a total traffic of 21,522,917 people in 2007 and 18,635,495 in 2014.

Transportation links

Piraeus station is located next to the Port (), with the southern building the present terminus of Athens Metro Line 1, formerly the Athens-Piraeus Electric Railways that opened in 1869.  The northern building is the railway terminus for standard gauge railway services on the main axis to Eidomeni via Larisa and Thessaloniki, and the Proastiakos to Chalcis and Acharnes Junction. 

Free shuttle buses inside the Port run from across the Metro Line 1 Terminal Station, around the north side of the port to the ships sailing for Crete, the Eastern Aegean and the Dodecanese. A direct Airport Express bus runs 24/7 between the port and Athens International Airport. Other public buses connect Piraeus with its outlying suburbs, the southern coastal zone and with central Athens.
Question:
In what European city is the historic port of Piraeus?
Answer:
Athina
Passage:
:EnjoyGower - The Essential Guide to Swansea Bay, Mumbles ...
:EnjoyGower - The Essential Guide to Swansea Bay, Mumbles and Gower:
SUNDAY TIMES: KATHERINE JENKINS:
Three Cliffs Bay, Gower Peninsula
“I grew up on the edge of the Gower, but it was still a holiday place for our family. We’d go on weekend breaks to Three Cliffs Bay – six miles down the road! That’s how gorgeous it is.....“My auntie kept a little caravan on the clifftops, and I spent long summer days there with my dog, digging out boats in the sand and sitting in them, waiting for the tide to come in. .... “I’m biased, I know, but my view is not just about sentimentality: the bay really is beautiful, with three curious crags of triangular limestone jutting out into the waves, like pyramids. You can walk right underneath them, through a rocky archway to the shore.“There’s a bit of everything: the sea, the cliffs, the salt marshes, a meandering stream curling down to the sea – and Pennard Castle, an 800-year-old fort tucked behind the beach. It’s in picturesque ruins, perfect for mooning about in. Sometimes you even see wild horses cantering along the sands. Talk about romantic. ..... “It may seem a strange thing to say about a beach, but to me Three Cliffs always feels so intimate and cosy. It gives me the feeling of being hugged. I take friends there whenever I’m home, and every time I’m struck by the magic of it again. It still takes my breath away.” ......
Mewslade Bay near Rhossili
Question:
On which peninsula are The Mumbles situated?
Answer:
Gwyr
Passage:
Every Loser Wins
"Every Loser Wins" is a 1986 song written by Simon May, Stewart James and Bradley James for the BBC television soap opera EastEnders. It was performed by Nick Berry. 

Written and produced by Simon May, Stewart James and Bradley James, the song was heavily featured in the BBC soap opera EastEnders throughout the summer of 1986, sung by Berry's character Simon "Wicksy" Wicks and his band, The Banned. 

On release, the song was a success, spending three weeks at number one on the UK Singles Chart in October and November 1986  and becoming the second biggest-selling single in the UK that year (after "Don't Leave Me This Way" by The Communards). The composers, Simon May, Stewart James and Bradley James, each received an Ivor Novello Award for the composition.
Question:
Which TV actor had a number one hit single in 1986 with 'Every Loser Wins'?
Answer:
Nick Berry
Passage:
Gland
A gland is an organ in an animal's body that synthesizes substances (such as hormones) for release into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland).

Structure

Development

Every gland is formed by an ingrowth from an epithelial surface. This ingrowth may in the beginning possess a tubular structure, but in other instances glands may start as a solid column of cells which subsequently becomes tubulated.

As growth proceeds, the column of cells may divide or give off offshoots, in which case a compound gland is formed. In many glands, the number of branches is limited, in others (salivary, pancreas) a very large structure is finally formed by repeated growth and sub-division. As a rule, the branches do not unite with one another, but in one instance, the liver, this does occur when a reticulated compound gland is produced. In compound glands the more typical or secretory epithelium is found forming the terminal portion of each branch, and the uniting portions form ducts and are lined with a less modified type of epithelial cell.

Glands are classified according to their shape.
* If the gland retains its shape as a tube throughout it is termed a tubular gland.
* In the second main variety of gland the secretory portion is enlarged and the lumen variously increased in size. These are termed alveolar or saccular glands.

Function

Glands are divided based on their function into two groups:

Endocrine glands

Endocrine glands secrete substances that circulate through the blood stream. These glands that secrete their products through the basal lamina into the blood stream and lack a duct system. These glands often secrete hormones, and play an important role in maintaining homeostasis. The pineal gland, thymus gland, pituitary gland, thyroid gland, and the two adrenal glands are all endocrine glands.

Exocrine glands
 

Exocrine glands secrete their products through a duct onto an outer surface of the body, such as the skin or the human gastrointestinal tract. Secretion is directly onto the apical surface. The glands in this group can be divided into three groups:
* Apocrine glands a portion of the secreting cell's body is lost during secretion. Apocrine gland is often used to refer to the apocrine sweat glands, however it is thought that apocrine sweat glands may not be true apocrine glands as they may not use the apocrine method of secretion. e.g. mammery gland, sweat gland of arm pit, pubic region, skin around anus, lips, nipples.
* Holocrine glands the entire cell disintegrates to secrete its substances (e.g., sebaceous glands)sebaceous, meibomiun & zeis gland.
* Merocrine glands cells secrete their substances by exocytosis (e.g., mucous and serous glands). Also called "eccrine". e.g. max sweat gland of humans, goblet cells, salivary gland, tear gland, intestinal glands.

The type of secretory product of exocrine glands may also be one of three categories:
* Serous glands secrete a watery, often protein-rich, fluid-like product, e.g. sweat glands.
* Mucous glands secrete a viscous product, rich in carbohydrates (such as glycoproteins), e.g. goblet cells.
* Sebaceous glands secrete a lipid product. These glands are also known as oil glands, e.g. Fordyce spots and meibomian glands.

Clinical significance

Other animals

Additional images

 Image:Gray1025.png|Section of submaxillary gland of kitten. Duct semidiagrammatic.
 Image:Gray1105.png|Section of pancreas of dog. X 250. 
 Image:Gray1172.png|Dissection of a lactating breast.
 Image:Gray1173.png|Section of portion of mamma.
 Image:Apocrine.jpg|Apocrine 
 Image:Drüse Kopie.jpg|Methods of secretion
 Image:405 Modes of Secretion by Glands updated.svg|Modes of secretion
 Image:406 Types of Glands.jpg|Types of gland
Question:
Which gland, secreting various hormones essential for growth and other bodily functions, is situated in the brain ?
Answer:
Pituitary glands
