Passage:
List of Olympic medalists in volleyball
Volleyball is one of the sports that is played at the Summer Olympic Games in two disciplines: the traditional six-per-side indoor game, and the newer game of beach volleyball.  Indoor volleyball was added to the Olympic programme in 1957 at the 53rd session of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in Sofia, Bulgaria, and the first competitions were held at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.  The Soviet Union won a medal in both the men's and women's competition at the first five Olympics that included volleyball, including the men's gold medal in Tokyo.  The Japanese women's team won the gold at the inaugural Olympic volleyball competition, and the silver at the following two Games. The Montreal Games of 1976 saw the Polish men win the nation's only gold medal in the sport, after the women had won bronze in 1964 and 1968.  At the 1980 Moscow Olympics, the hosts won gold in both competitions.  The Bulgarian team won their only two volleyball medals in Moscow, a silver and a bronze in the men's and women's tournament, respectively.

Following the United States-led boycott of the Moscow Olympics,  the Soviet Union and some of its allies responded by boycotting the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, citing security concerns.  The United States won its first medals in volleyball at the Los Angeles Games: a gold in the men's competition, and a silver in the women's.   The People's Republic of China won the gold medal in the women's competition in Los Angeles, their first time participating in an Olympic volleyball competition.  The United States successfully defended their men's gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, and Peru won their only medal in volleyball, a silver in the women's competition. The Soviet Union won a silver medal in the men's competition and a gold in the women's at what would be their final Olympics. Following the 1990–91 breakup of the Soviet Union, 12 of the 15 newly independent countries competed together as the Unified Team in Barcelona.   In the women's competition, the Unified Team won the silver medal, and Cuba won their first of three consecutive gold medals. In the men's competition, Brazil won its first gold medal, and the Netherlands its first overall medal in the sport.

On 18 September 1993, at the 101st IOC session in Monte Carlo, the Committee voted to add beach volleyball for both men and women to the Olympic programme effective with the 1996 Atlanta Games.  A National Olympic Committee is permitted to enter two teams in the beach volleyball tournament; a rule that allowed the United States and Brazil to win both gold and silver in men's and women's beach volleyball respectively that year.  Atlanta also saw the Dutch men's indoor team improve their Barcelona silver to a gold.  At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, the host Australian team won the gold medal in the women's beach volleyball competition, and the Russian Federation took home its first volleyball medals as an independent country with silver in both indoor competitions. At the 2004 Athens Olympics, Spain won its only medal in volleyball, a silver in the men's beach volleyball competition. In women's beach volleyball, the United States team of Misty May (now May-Treanor) and Kerri Walsh (now Walsh Jennings) won the first of three consecutive gold medals, the only team to defend a beach volleyball gold medal.  At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the United States men's indoor team won all their matches on the way to their third gold medal win. This equalled the former Soviet Union's record for the most men's championships.   The Soviets won twelve medals in the indoor competition, and Brazilian teams have won eleven medals in beach competition; respectively the most in each discipline. The Brazilians teams, however, with nine indoor medals lead all nations with a total of twenty medals in volleyball events at the Olympics.

Four athletes have each won four medals in volleyball.  Cuban Ana Fernández has three gold and one bronze, Soviet  Inna Ryskal has two gold and two silver medals, Russian Sergey Tetyukhin has one gold, one silver, and two bronzes, and Italian Samuele Papi has two silvers and two bronzes. Eight athletes have won three gold medals. Five, including Fernández, were members of the Cuban women's indoor team that won consecutive golds in 1992, 1996 and 2000. May-Treanor and Walsh Jennings, as noted above, won beach volleyball gold medals in 2004, 2008 and 2012. The other is Karch Kiraly, who won gold with the United States men's indoor team in 1984 and 1988 and in beach volleyball in 1996. Kiraly is the only player of either sex to win medals in both indoor and beach volleyball. Apart from May-Treanor and Walsh Jennings, Ricardo Santos and Emanuel Rego of Brazil are the only athletes with three medals in beach volleyball. They have one gold and one bronze as a team, and each has one silver with other partners.

Volleyball (indoor)

Men

Women

Beach volleyball

Men

Women

Statistics

Medal leaders

Athletes who have won three or more medals are listed below.
Question:
Which country held the most gold medals in the Men's European Volleyball Championship from 1948 to 1999?
Answer:
The U.–S.–S.–R.
Passage:
Prime Minister of Sri Lanka
The Prime Minister of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (; ) is the leader of the cabinet business in Sri Lanka. However, the President is both head of state and head of government in Sri Lanka.

History

The post of Prime Minister of Ceylon was created in 1947 prior to independence from Britain and the formation of the Dominion of Ceylon in 1948. United National Party leader D. S. Senanayake became the first Prime Minister of Then Ceylon in 1947 after independence. In 1972 when Sri Lanka became a republic the name of the post changed to Prime Minister of Sri Lanka.  With a Westminster-based political system established the Prime Minister was the head of government therefore held the most powerful political office of the country at the time. This changed with a constitutional change in 1978, when the Executive Presidency was created, making the President both head of state and head of government. Until 1978 the Prime minister was also the Minister of Defence and External Affairs. The Prime Minister is appointed by the President as a member of the cabinet of ministers. In the event the post president is vacant, the Prime Minister becomes the acting president until Parliament convenes to elect a successor or new elections could be held to elect a new president. This was the case with H.E. President Dingiri Banda Wijetunge. United National Party leaders Dudley Senanayake and Ranil Wickramasinghe together with Sri Lanka Freedom Party leader Sirimavo Bandaranaike was appointed three times to the position. With passing of the 19th amendment to the constitution in 2015, the prime minister was granted more powers when appointing ministers and leading the cabinet.  

The current Prime Minister of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe, he was appointed by President Maithripala Sirisena on 9 January 2015. This was the third time that Wickramasinghe was appointed Prime Minister of Sri Lanka.

Official residence and office

The official residence of the prime minister is the Prime Minister's House most commonly referred to as Temple Trees. The Prime Minister's Office is located on Sir Ernest de Silva Mawatha (formerly known as Flower Road) in Colombo.

Last election

List of Prime Ministers
Question:
Who was the first Prime Minister of Ceylon when it became independent on 14 October 1947?
Answer:
Don Stephen Senanayake
Passage:
Masterchef 2015 winner announced after tense final ...
Masterchef 2015 winner announced after tense final | Television & radio | The Guardian
MasterChef
Masterchef 2015 winner announced after tense final
Simon Wood, data manager from Oldham, fights off fierce competition to be crowned Britain’s best amateur cook 2015
Recipe for success: Tony Rodd, Emma Spitzer and Simon Wood posing with judges Gregg Wallace (centre) and John Torode. Photograph: BBC/Shine TV/PA
Press Association
Friday 24 April 2015 17.42 EDT
Last modified on Friday 24 April 2015 18.11 EDT
Close
This article is 1 year old
Simon Wood has been crowned the country’s best amateur cook as MasterChef Champion 2015. The 38-year-old data manager from Oldham fought off fierce competition from fellow finalists Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd to lift the coveted trophy on the BBC One show.
All three had to prepare three-course meals to impress judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace at the end of the seven week competition. Wallace, in his discussions with Torode as they decided the winner, said of Wood: “Simon is a class, class act.” Torode said: “He just keeps on getting better and better.”
Masterchef 2015: who will win the final?
Read more
Wood, who has dreamed of being a chef since he was eight years old, told the judges: “I’m shaking inside. It’s so surreal – you can’t believe how happy I am. It’s life-changing, it’s everything I wanted it to be, and more besides.”
Wallace added: “Simon is brilliant, he’s an incredible talent. He came in here with enormous ambition, he wanted to cook like a chef, and right now he is. I have no doubt in my mind that Simon is going to have a professional career in food.”
Viewers have seen Wood cook a celebratory dinner in honour of Sir Winston Churchill, travel across Europe to Sweden and cook on open fires without gas and electricity, cook exceptional fish for two-Michelin-starred chef Nathan Outlaw, and in the penultimate show, cook for the Chef’s Table, which was this year presided over by Massimo Bottura, the three-Michelin-starred chef at Osteria Francescana in Modena, Italy.
Pinterest
Wood’s passion for cooking started when he won a competition to be anything for a day, and chose to be a chef. Photograph: Shine TV/BBC/PA
Wood’s winning menu in the final consisted of: a starter of octopus, served with chorizo crisps, cannellini bean and chorizo salad, brunoise tomatoes and a sherry and smoked paprika vinaigrette; a main course of squab pigeon served two ways – roasted breast, and a pigeon leg bon-bon, stuffed with pigeon leg meat, chicken, mushroom duxelle and armagnac, served with three types of heritage carrots, pommes parisienne, girolle and trumpet mushrooms, carrot puree, watercress puree and a cassis jus; and a dessert of lemon posset topped with citrus tutti-frutti, charred grapefruit and orange, a lime tuile, limoncello pistachio crumb, edible flowers, tarragon leaves and a lime air.
Wood’s passion for cooking started when he won a competition to be anything for a day, and chose to be a chef. He said: “I have been cooking since I could reach the top of the oven, and I always cooked at weekends with my grandma. When I was eight I won a competition where the prize was to have your dream job for the day, and mine was to be a chef. Thirty years later, who would have thought I would have the MasterChef trophy in my hands?
“I have four children and I became a dad at a young age, which meant I needed to secure a job where I could financially provide for my children, so my dreams of being a chef were always on the back burner. Then after years of sitting watching and wanting to try, but never quite being brave enough or the time not being right, I decided to stick my neck out and see if I had what it takes. I decided to enter to prove to myself I could compete with the best.”
He is now planning a future in food. He said: “My dream is to make a living doing something that I love: cooking, and hopefully give people a great memory and experience along the way.”
We’re down to the final five – and it’s that tricky combination of skill, nerve and exoticism-combined-with-authenticity that will snare them the toughest prize in TV cooking
Published: 20 Apr 2015
Question:
Who won the 2015 final of BBC TV series Masterchef?
Answer:
Simon Wood
Passage:
Simnel cake
Simnel cake is a light fruit cake with two layers of almond paste or marzipan, one in the middle and one on top,  that is toasted, and eaten during the Easter period in the United Kingdom, Ireland and some other countries. It was originally made for the middle Sunday of Lent, when the forty-day fast would be relaxed,  Laetare Sunday, also known as Refreshment Sunday, Mothering Sunday, Sunday of the Five Loaves, and Simnel Sunday – after the cake. The meaning of the word "simnel" is unclear: there is a 1226 reference to "bread made into a simnel", which is understood to mean the finest white bread,  from the Latin simila – "fine flour", though John de Garlande felt that the word was equivalent to placenta cake, a cake that was intended to please. 

Conventionally eleven, or occasionally twelve, marzipan balls are used to decorate the cake, with a story that the balls represent the twelve apostles, minus Judas      or Jesus and the twelve apostles, minus Judas.  This tradition developed late in the Victorian era, altering the mid Victorian tradition of decorating the cakes with preserved fruits and flowers. 

Ingredients

The cake is made from these ingredients: white flour, sugar, butter, eggs, fragrant spices, dried fruits, zest and candied peel. 

History

Simnel cakes have been known since at least medieval times. Recently, they became a Mothering Sunday tradition, when young girls in service would make one to be taken home to their mothers on their day off. The word simnel probably derived from the Latin word simila, meaning fine, wheaten flour. 

A popular legend attributes the invention of the Simnel cake to Lambert Simnel; however, references to the cake were recorded some 200 years before his birth.

Different towns had their own recipes and shapes of the Simnel cake. Bury, Devizes and Shrewsbury produced large numbers to their own recipes, but it is the Shrewsbury version that became most popular and well known.
Question:
'Simnel' refers to a traditional Easter (what?), originating in medieval England?
Answer:
Cakes
Passage:
The Private Life of Henry VIII
The Private Life of Henry VIII is a 1933 British film, directed and co-produced by Alexander Korda and starring Charles Laughton, Robert Donat, Merle Oberon and Elsa Lanchester. The film focuses on the marriages of King Henry VIII of England. It was written by Lajos Bíró and Arthur Wimperis for London Film Productions, Korda's production company. The film was a major international success, establishing Korda as a leading filmmaker and Laughton as a box office star.

Plot

The film begins 20 years into King Henry's reign. In May 1536, immediately following the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn (Merle Oberon), King Henry VIII (Charles Laughton) marries Jane Seymour (Wendy Barrie), who dies in childbirth eighteen months later. He then weds a German princess, Anne of Cleves (played by Laughton's real-life wife Elsa Lanchester). This marriage ends in divorce when Anne deliberately makes herself unattractive so she can be free to marry her sweetheart. (In an imaginative and high-spirited scene, Anne "wins her freedom" from Henry in a game of cards on their wedding night). After this divorce, Henry marries the beautiful and ambitious Lady Katherine Howard (Binnie Barnes). She has rejected love all her life in favour of ambition, but after her marriage, she finally falls in love with Henry's handsome courtier Thomas Culpeper (Robert Donat) who has attempted to woo her in the past. Their liaison is discovered by Henry's court and the two are executed. The weak and ageing Henry consoles himself with a final marriage to Catherine Parr (Everley Gregg) who proves domineering. In the final scene, while Parr is no longer in the room, the king breaks the fourth wall, saying "Six wives, and the best of them's the worst."

Cast

*Charles Laughton as Henry VIII
*Merle Oberon as Anne Boleyn 
*Wendy Barrie as Jane Seymour 
*Elsa Lanchester as Anne of Cleves 
*Binnie Barnes as Catherine Howard 
*Everley Gregg as Catherine Parr 
*Robert Donat as Thomas Culpeper
*Franklin Dyall as Thomas Cromwell
*Miles Mander as Wriothesley
*Laurence Hanray as Archbishop Thomas Cranmer
*William Austin as The Duke of Cleves
*John Loder as Thomas Peynell
*Lady Tree as The King's Nurse
*John Turnbull as Hans Holbein
*Frederick Culley as Duke of Norfolk
*William Heughan as Kingston
*Judy Kelly as Lady Rochford
*Hay Petrie as The King's Barber
*Wally Patch as Butcher
*Arthur Howard as Kitchen Helper
*Annie Esmond as Cook's Wife
*Claude Allister as Cornell
*Eileen O'Mahony as Jane Seymour's First Lady-in-Waiting
*Gibb McLaughlin as The French Executioner
*Sam Livesey as The English Executioner

Production

Alexander Korda was looking for a film project suitable for Charles Laughton and his wife, Elsa Lanchester. Several stories of the film's genesis exist: the resemblance between a statue of Henry VIII and Laughton, a cabby singing the music hall song "I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am", and a discussion on a set of one of his previous films. Originally, the story was to focus solely on the marriage of King Henry VIII and his fourth wife Anne of Cleves, but as the project grew, the story was re-modified to focus on five of Henry's six wives. Only the first wife, Catherine of Aragon, was omitted because those involved had no particular interest, describing her as a "respectable lady" in the film's first intertitles.

Reception

Box office

The film was a commercial success. It made Alexander Korda a premier figure in the film industry at the time; United Artists signed Korda for 16 films. It also advanced the careers of Charles Laughton, Robert Donat, and Merle Oberon. It was also Oberon's first major film role. Laughton would later reprise the same role in 1953 in the film Young Bess, opposite Jean Simmons as his daughter, Elizabeth.

It was the 12th most successful film at the US box office in 1933.  The film premiered to record-breaking crowds at New York's Radio City Music Hall and London's Leicester Square Theatre (now the Odeon West End), running for nine weeks at the latter venue from 27 October 1933.  It earned rentals of £500,000 on its first release.

This film was the first non-Hollywood film to win an Academy Award, as Charles Laughton won the 1933 Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance. The film was the first British production to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Laughton was voted Best Actor in a British film by readers of Film Weekly. 

Bibliography

* 
* 
*
Question:
"In the 1933 film ""The Private Life of Henry VIII"", starring Charles Laughton, the part of Anne of Cleves was played by Laughton's wife in real life. Can you name this actress?"
Answer:
ELSA LANCHESTER
Passage:
Hylophobia
Hylophobia, also known as xylophobia, ylophobia, and dendrophobia, is a psychological disorder defined by an irrational fear of wood, forest or trees.  It is a type of specific phobia.

Etymology

The term hylophobia is derived from the Greek ὕλη hylo-, meaning "wood or forest", and phobo- meaning "fear".  

Causes and contributing factors

Most phobias start through an incident or memory in childhood, and hylophobia is no different. 

Treatments

Phobias such as hylophobia are usually treated by putting the patient in therapy and making them recall the incident in question, and making them see it from an adult perspective. This is often a hard task, as the original incident will have been forgotten, and hypnosis or anti-anxiety medicine may have to be used.

In popular culture

* In the BBC television show New Tricks, Dennis Waterman's character, Gerry Standing, admits to suffering from hylophobia in the second season.  Subsequently, his fear is occasionally mentioned or used as a plot element throughout the series, particularly when the Unsolved Crimes and Open Case squad are required to visit crime scenes in forested areas near London. In the tenth season, the character seeks treatment for hylophobia.
* In the The Simpsons Episode 21 of Season 20 , "Coming to Homerica", Lisa mistakenly says it is the fear of xylophones.
* In "Uncle Grandpa", Hot Dog Person stated that he was afraid of trees but when he climbed a telephone post which he thought of as a tree, he conquered his fear.
*In Wynonna Earp, TV series, there is reference to Hylophobia in episode 10, first season.
Question:
Of what is 'dendrophobia' a fear?
Answer:
Sapling
Passage:
James Moir
Jim Moir is also the real name of comedian Vic Reeves. 

James Moir (usually known as Jim Moir) was a senior BBC executive for many years until his retirement in 2003. Among the programmes he produced were Bruce Forsyth and the Generation Game from 1971-75.

Having been BBC Head of Light Entertainment from 1987–1993, he was appointed Controller of BBC Radio 2 in 1995 and took up his post in 1996. Many assumed this would be a quiet end to his career but he turned the station from a declining backwater to the most popular in the UK, winning back many former Radio 1 listeners who had defected to commercial radio. This was achieved through broadcasters like Steve Wright, Johnnie Walker, Janice Long, Paul Gambaccini, Lynn Parsons, Bob Harris and Alan Freeman, all of whom joined Radio 2 during Moir's controllership.

Since June 2004 Moir has been a non-executive director of Celador Radio Broadcasting and advises on company licence applications.  He is a Fellow of The Radio Academy.
Question:
By what name is anarchic comic Jim Moir better known?
Answer:
Jim Moir
Passage:
Men's Fastest Mile Times (World Records) - About.com Sports
World Records for Men's Fastest Mile Times
By Mike Rosenbaum
Updated September 23, 2016.
It’s never been an Olympic or World Championship event, yet the mile remains the only non-metric race distance in which the IAAF recognizes a world record. Long after the other non-metric distances have vanished from the world record books, those 5,280 feet, or 1,760 yards – or about 1.61 kilometers – continue to capture the imaginations of runners and fans alike as a premier middle distance event.
The first IAAF-recognized world record in the mile was run by John Paul Jones of the U.S. No, the record doesn’t go back to the American Revolution. This John Paul Jones performed his feat on May 31, 1913, in Allston, Mass., where he completed the mile in 4:14.4. France’s Jules Ladoumegue later brought the mark under 4:10, running 4:09.2 on Oct. 4, 1931, in Paris. The mark crept down toward the 4-minute mark throughout the 1940s. In a 3-year period from July 1942 through July 1945 a pair of Swedes, Gunder Hagg, and Arne Andersson, exchanged the record six times.
continue reading below our video
Understanding Baseball
Hagg ended the give-and-take with a time of 4:01.4 on July 17, 1945. His mark stood for almost nine years, during which time the pundits debated on whether a 4-minute mile was humanly possible, as a runner after runner tried and failed to crack a key psychological – and, as some believed, physical – barrier.
The 4-Minute Mile:
On May 6, 1954, great Britain’s Roger Bannister answered the questions by running the first sub-4:00 miles, finishing in 3:59.4 while assisted by a pair of pacemakers. Bannister, then a medical student, developed his own training methods – featuring relatively short, intense workouts – that carried him through on a windy day. Bannister ran lap times of 57.5, 60.7, 62.3 and 58.9 seconds. He was timed in 3:43.0 through 1500 meters.
While Bannister is famous for shattering the 4-minute barrier, many forget that he held the title for less than seven weeks before Australia’s John Landy finished in 3:58.0 on June 21, 1954. Bannister retired from racing before the end of the year, to devote himself to medicine, but not before racing against Landy in “The Mile of the Century” in Vancouver that August. Landy shot in front by the end of the first lap, hoping to wear out the normally fast-finishing Bannister. But Bannister ran his own race, paced himself, then shot into the lead with less than 90 yards remaining to win in 3:58.8 to Landy’s 3:59.6, the first time two runners topped four minutes in the same race.
In 1958 Australia’s Herb Elliott ran 3:54.5 to break the record set the previous year by Derek Ibbotson by 2.7 seconds, the biggest drop in the world record time during the IAAF era.
The record returned to U.S. soil in 1966 when the precocious Jim Ryun posted a 3:51.3 time, which he lowered to 3:51.1 the following year. Ryun was the first high school runner to break four minutes, with a time of 3:59 in 1964. At age 18 he owned the U.S. mile record of 3:55.3. At 19 he owned the world record. He was the fourth and, as of 2012, the last American to reign as the mile’s world record-holder.
John Walker Cracks 3:50:
New Zealand’s John Walker took the record below 3:50 in August 1975 with a time of 3:49.4, fulfilling his promise to the organizers of the meet held in Goteborg, Sweden. Walker convinced meet officials to change the scheduled 1500-meter race to the mile, telling them he’d take a shot at the world record. He was paced through the first half mile, with lap times of 55.8 and 59.3, then sped up on the final two laps, running the third quarter in 57.9 and the fourth in 56.4 seconds. Walker eventually became the first man to run 100 sub-4:00 miles.
Great Britain then enjoyed a stretch of 14 years in which three different British runners owned the mark. Just as Hagg and Andersson played give-and-go with the record in the ‘40s, so too did Sebastian Coe and Steve Ovett in 1979-81. In a 25-month stretch, beginning in July 1979 when Coe edged Walker’s mark by four-tenths of a second, Coe owned the record three times and Ovett twice. Coe began the British siege in only the third-mile race of his life, in an Oslo meet in which Walker participated. Coe finally prevailed in his duel with Ovett, as Coe’s time of 3:47.33 set in August of 1981 lived for almost four years before Steve Cram lowered it to 3:46.32 in 1985.
El Guerrouj Takes Charge:
Only one African runner – Filbert Bayi, who broke Ryun’s record and held the mile mark for just three months – had owned the mile record before Algeria’s Noureddine Morceli topped Cram’s mark by running 3:44.39 on Sept. 5, 1993. The 1.93-second drop in the record was the largest margin since Ryun set his first record in 1966. Morocco’s Hicham El Guerrouj then lowered the mark to 3:43.13 on July 7, 1999 – almost identical to Bannister’s 1500-meter time in 1954 – yet came close to losing the race, held in Rome’s Olympic Stadium. Noah Ngeny ran with El Guerrouj all the way and edged Morceli’s record as well, finishing in 3:43.40. With his mark still intact in 2015, El Guerrouj has held the IAAF mile record longer than anyone else, while Ngeny’s time remained No. 2 on the all-time list. As of 2015, El Guerrouj had seven of the top 10 mile times in history; Alan Webb owns the fastest mile of the 21st century by someone other than El Guerrouj, posting a time of 3:46.91 in 2007.
Read more about:
Question:
Who was the first man to break three and a half minutes for the 1500 metres
Answer:
Stephen Cram
Passage:
Maghreb cuisine
The Maghreb, the northernmost part of Africa along the Mediterranean Sea  is composed of the countries of Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia. The region has a high degree of geographic, political, social, economic and cultural diversity which influences the region's cuisine and the culinary style.

Common foods and dishes

In North African cuisine, the most common staple foods are wheat, fish, seafood, goat,  lamb, beef, dates, almonds, olives and various vegetables and fruits. Because the region is predominantly Muslim, halal meats are usually eaten. Most dishes are spiced,  especially with cumin,  ginger, paprika, cinnamon and saffron. Fresh peppermint, parsley, or coriander are also very common. Spice mixtures such as ras el hanout, baharat, and chili pastes like harissa (especially in Tunisia) are frequently used. The use of Legumes, nuts, fruits and spices is very prominent.

The best-known North African dish abroad is surely Couscous, made from wheat. The Tajine, a cooking vessel made of clay of Berber origin, is also a common denominator in this region, although what each nation defines as the resulting dish from being cooked in a tajine as well as the associated preparation methods, may be drastically different. For example, a "tajine" in Tunisia is a baked frittata/quiche-like dish, whereas in Morocco it is dish is a slow-cooked stew. The dishes made in the tajine are dishes like the Marqa or albundigas. Pastilla is also an important Arab-Andalusian dish of North-Africa.

Maghreb cuisine

The cuisine of the Maghreb, the western region of North Africa that includes the five countries of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, and Mauritania, is a mix of Mediterranean, Arab, Andalusian, Phoenician and Berber dishes. The eastern part of North Africa (Libya and Egypt) is heavily influenced by Arab and Ottoman Empire, sharing characteristics and similar dishes with much of Ottoman. They are also heavily influenced by many Middle-Eastern dishes like the Falafel. The cuisines of Algeria and Tunisia  deriving more influence from French and Italian cuisine respectively and with roots for Tunisia, While Moroccan cuisine is influenced by the Arab and Andalusian cuisine. The Moroccan cuisine itself have roots dating back to the heyday of the kingdom of Numidia modern-day Algeria and kingdom of Mauretania modern-day Morocco.

Cuisine similarities

Most of the North African countries have several similar dishes, sometimes almost the same dish with a different name (the Tunisian coucha and the Moroccan tangia are both essentially the same dish: a meat stew prepared in an urn and cooked overnight in a public oven), sometimes with a slight change in ingredients and cooking style. Additionally, two entirely different dishes may share the same name. There are noticeable differences between the cooking styles of different regions – there are spicy dishes and sophisticated pastries typical of Tunisian cuisine, full-bodied dishes prepared in Moroccan palace cookery, and simpler dishes prepared in various regions and countries.

By country

For more specific styles, refer to the articles on each national or regional cuisine:

*  Tunisian cuisine
*  Algerian cuisine
*  Libyan cuisine
*  Moroccan cuisine
*  Mauritanian cuisine
*  Western Saharan cuisine
Question:
What is the North African dish of crushed wheat or course flour steamed over broth called?
Answer:
Berkoukes
Passage:
List of cities in the United Kingdom
This is a list of official cities in the United Kingdom as of 2015. It lists those places that have been granted city status by letters patent or royal charter. There are currently a total of 69 such cities in the United Kingdom: 51 in England, seven in Scotland, six in Wales, and five in Northern Ireland.  Of these, 23 in England, two in Wales, and one in Northern Ireland possess Lord Mayors and four in Scotland have Lord Provosts. In some cases, the area holding city status does not coincide with the built up area or conurbation of which it forms part. In Greater London, for example, the City of London and that of Westminster each hold city status separately but no other neighbourhood has been granted city status, nor has Greater London as a whole. In other cases, such as the Cities of Canterbury and Lancaster, the status extends over a number of towns and rural areas outside the main settlement proper.Beckett (2005).

History

The initial cities () of Britain were the fortified settlements organized by the Romans as the capitals of the Celtic tribes under Roman rule. The British clerics of the early Middle Ages later preserved a traditional list of the "28 Cities" () which was mentioned by Gildas and listed by Nennius.Nennius (). Theodor Mommsen (). Historia Brittonum, VI. Composed after  830.  Hosted at Latin Wikisource.

The title of city was initially informal and, into the 20th century, royal charters were considered to recognize city status rather than to grant it. The usual criterion in early modern Britain was the presence of a cathedral, particularly after  granted letters patent establishing six new cities when he established a series of new dioceses in the 1540s as part of the English Reformation.  No new cities were created between the 16th and 19th centuries, but following the Industrial Revolution and the accompanying population boom and growth in urbanisation, new sees were established at Ripon (1836) and Manchester (1847); their councils began to style them cities immediately. Inverness in Scotland was even refused a charter at the time of the Jubilee honours of 1897, in part because it would have drawn more attention to the other traditional "cities" still not formally chartered as such.

Beginning in the mid-19th century, however, the process became more formal. A visit by Queen Victoria in 1851 prompted Manchester to petition Parliament for recognition of its status. Ripon followed in the 1860s, and a series of hitherto informal "cities" were formally recognized in the 1880s and 1890s. On the basis of its size, importance, and regular government, Belfast was elevated in spite of its lack of a cathedral in 1888; other large municipalities followed, while smaller applicants began to be rejected.  and the Home Office established three criteria for future applicants in 1907—a minimum population of , a good record of local government, and a "local metropolitan character"—but these criteria were not made public, and following Leicester's successful elevation in 1919 a series of exceptions were made. The 1972 Local Government Act effectively eliminated all authorities holding city status outside London on 1 April 1974; most of their replacements were confirmed in their predecessor's status—even in cases such as the City of Carlisle, where much of the local authority area is undeveloped countryside—but the Borough of Medway was not permitted to continue Rochester's title. In recent times there have been competitions for new grants of city status. Towns or councils that claim city status or add "city" to their name have been known to be rebuked by the Advertising Standards Authority. 

The cities of Scotland and Ireland were treated separately. Scottish towns irregularly applied the description to themselves, but were formally organized as royal burghs; the special rights of these were preserved by Article XXI of the Treaty of Union which established the single state of Great Britain in 1707.  Edinburgh and Glasgow were confirmed as cities "by ancient usage" in the 18th century, as was Aberdeen, and this was later reconfirmed in the Act enlarging the burgh in 1891. Dundee was granted letters patent in 1889 and Elgin and Perth were recognized as cities by the Home Office in 1972, before the privilege was removed by the Scottish Local Government Act of 1973.Clark, M. Lynda & al. [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld199899/ldselect/ldprivi/108i/10811.htm "Committee on Privileges Second Report", Appendix 3, ss58]. Parliament of the United Kingdom (London), 1999.

In Ireland, only the seat of the primate at Armagh was accorded city status by ancient usage, and this status was abolished by the Irish Municipal Corporations Act of 1840. All other cities have been those explicitly recognized as such.

List of cities

Map of the cities

British Overseas Territories

There are a number of cities in the British Overseas Territories, such as the City of James Town on Saint Helena.  These are however not part of the United Kingdom.
Question:
Three new cities were created in the UK in 2000, Brighton, Wolverhampton, and which other?
Answer:
Battle Of Blair-na-coi
Passage:
Myra Hess
Dame Julia Myra Hess, DBE (25 February 1890 – 25 November 1965) was a British pianist.

Career

She was born in London as Julia Myra Hess, and at the age of five began to study the piano. Two years later, she entered the Guildhall School of Music, where she graduated as winner of the Gold Medal. She studied at the Royal Academy of Music under Tobias Matthay. Her debut came in 1907 when she played Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4 with Sir Thomas Beecham conducting. She went on to tour through Britain, the Netherlands and France. Upon her American debut (New York City, 24 January 1922) she became a prime favourite in the United States, not only as a soloist, but also as a fine ensemble player. She also has a link to jazz, having given lessons in the 1920s to Elizabeth Ivy Brubeck, mother of Dave Brubeck.

Hess garnered greater fame during the Second World War when, with all concert halls blacked out at night to avoid being targets of German bombers, she organised what would turn out to be almost 2,000 lunchtime concerts spanning a period of six years, starting during the London Blitz. The concerts were held at the National Gallery, in Trafalgar Square; Hess herself played in 150 of them. For this contribution to maintaining the morale of the populace of London, King George VI awarded her with the Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1941. (She had previously been created a CBE in 1936.) Hess makes a brief appearance performing at one of her lunchtime concerts in the 1942 wartime documentary Listen to Britain (directed by Humphrey Jennings and Stuart McAllister). 

In 1946, Arturo Toscanini invited Hess to perform with the NBC Symphony Orchestra in New York City. According to Toscanini's biographer, Mortimer Frank, after Hess and the conductor had failed to agree on tempos for Beethoven's Fifth Piano Concerto, they decided instead to perform Beethoven's Third. The 24 November 1946 broadcast concert was preserved on transcription discs and later issued on CD by Naxos Records. 

Hess was most renowned for her interpretations of the works of Mozart, Beethoven and Schumann, but had a wide repertoire, ranging from Domenico Scarlatti to contemporary works. She gave the premiere of Howard Ferguson's Piano Sonata and his Piano Concerto. She also played a good amount of chamber music and performed in a piano duo with Irene Scharrer. She promoted public awareness of the piano duo and two-piano works of Schubert.

She arranged the chorale prelude of "Jesus bleibet meine Freude" (known in English as "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring") from Johann Sebastian Bach's Cantata Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben, BWV 147 for piano.  Her protégés included Clive Lythgoe and Richard and John Contiguglia. She was a teacher of Stephen Kovacevich (then known as Stephen Bishop).

Hess began her lunchtime concerts a few weeks after the commencement of the Second World War. They were presented weekdays, Monday through Friday, for six-and-a-half years without fail. If London was being bombed, the concert was moved to a smaller, safer room. Every artist was paid 5-guineas no matter who they were. In all, Hess presented 1,968 concerts seen by 824,152 people. Hess's lunchtime concerts influenced the formation of the City Music Society.

Last concert and retirement

In September 1961, Hess played her final public concert at London's Royal Festival Hall. She was forced to retire after suffering a stroke in early 1961 while in New York on her annual concert tour in America. Although she courageously fought the debilitating effects of the stroke, by the end of the summer of that year it became clear that her public playing days were over. She continued to teach a handful of students, notably Stephen Bishop, during her last years.

Death

On 25 November 1965, Hess died at the age of 75 of a heart attack in her London home.  A blue plaque commemorates her at 48 Wildwood Road in Hampstead Garden Suburb.

Chicago Dame Myra Hess Memorial Concerts

In 1977, the Chicago Cultural Center began a series of free lunchtime concerts held at its Preston Bradley Hall every Wednesday from 12:15–1pm, named in Hess's honour as the Dame Myra Hess Memorial Concerts. The series is produced by Chicago's [http://www.imfchicago.org International Music Foundation]. Since 1977, the concerts have been broadcast live on radio station WFMT and streamed at WFMT.com. 

In popular culture

Myra Hess is mentioned twice in Diana Wynne Jones' novel, The Time of the Ghost. Both are references to Myra Hess' talent as a concert pianist. 
In the play Noises Off, one character's penchant for continuing to deliver his lines while ignoring the director is likened to "Myra Hess playing through the air raids." In the novel The Cruel Sea, a character attends a 1943 concert at the National Gallery in London by Hess, and is deeply moved.
Question:
With which musical instrument is Dame Myra Hess (1890-1965) associated?
Answer:
PIANO
Passage:
Riverside Ground
The Riverside Ground, officially referred to as the Emirates Riverside for sponsorship reasons, is a cricket venue in Chester-le-Street, County Durham, England. It is home to Durham County Cricket Club, and has also hosted several international matches.

History 

The club's acceptance into first-class cricket in 1991 was made conditional on the building of a new Test match-standard cricket ground. Work began on the new ground at the Riverside in a location overlooked by Lumley Castle in 1990, and development has continued in phases until the present day. Work on the outfield and playing surface began in 1993. In its first three seasons in the County Championship, the Club played in a variety of locations around the county, but the Riverside ground was pronounced ready for cricket in time for the 1995 season, even though many of the buildings were still temporary or unfinished. The ground hosted its first game, Durham vs. Warwickshire, on 18 May 1995. 

Other facilities at the ground continued being built over subsequent years, and the club's Don Robson Pavilion was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1996. The full ground capacity, including permanent and temporary seating, is 17,000. 

In September 2008 plans were announced concerning further developments to the ground.  These included installing permanent floodlights, and extending the County Durham stand so that permanent seating surrounds the entire ground, raising the ground capacity to around 20,000. A new entrance building was also planned to house the box office and club shop, as well as offices for club officials, a new perimeter road and a hotel. These developments were seen as a necessity, as the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) have specified that they must take place in order for the ground to secure its status as a venue for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. 

In April 2015, planning permission was granted to erect six permanent 55-metre floodlights around the ground.  Within weeks, the lights were in action as Durham Jets hosted the Yorkshire Vikings in a T20 Blast match. 

International matches

The development of the Riverside into a significant cricketing venue was underscored in 1999, when it hosted two World Cup matches involving Pakistan, Scotland, Australia and Bangladesh, and then in 2000 when it staged two One Day International matches in a triangular series between England, Zimbabwe and the West Indies. In 2001 a One-day International between Australia and Pakistan was abandoned without a ball bowled due to rain. 

2003 saw the Riverside Ground raised to Test match status,  and has hosted five England Test matches, against Zimbabwe in 2003, Bangladesh in 2005, West Indies in 2007 and 2009 and Australia in 2013. The fourth day of the West Indies Test, 18 June 2007, saw Paul Collingwood hitting a century on his home pitch for England against the West Indies, and so becoming the first local Durham player to hit a Test century at the Riverside. 

It was announced in July 2009 that the ground would host the fourth Ashes Test match of the 2013 Ashes series,  the culmination of Durham's growth as a First Class County since 1992 coming after Durham missed out to Cardiff in its bid to host an Ashes test in 2009. Hosting an Ashes Test match was predicted to generate £20 million for the local economy. 

The first scheduled Twenty20 International at the ground, against South Africa in 2008, was abandoned due to heavy rain.  In 2012 South Africa returned for the Riverside Ground's second Twenty20 match, defeating England by 7 wickets,  in a match held alongside a women's T20I against the West Indies.  A second T20I double header was hosted in August 2013, where England defeated Australia in both men's and women's matches. The women's match formed the final encounter of the 2013 women's Ashes series. 

Future international matches scheduled to be held at the Riverside Ground include two ODI matches, against Sri Lanka in 2014 and New Zealand in 2015, with a Test match against Sri Lanka to be held in 2016. 

Sponsorship 

On 4 June 2010 it was announced that the stadium would be renamed the 'Emirates Durham International Cricket Ground' for sponsorship reasons. In February 2016 it was again renamed. This time to 'Emirates Riverside', following the extension of Emirates contract with the county until 2022.
Question:
Which cricket team play home matches at the Riverside Ground?
Answer:
Durham (disambiguation)
Passage:
Gunboat diplomacy
In international politics, gunboat diplomacy (or "Big Stick ideology" in U.S. history) refers to the pursuit of foreign policy objectives with the aid of conspicuous displays of naval power—implying or constituting a direct threat of warfare, should terms not be agreeable to the superior force. 

Origin of the term 

The term comes from the nineteenth-century period of imperialism, when European powers would intimidate other, less powerful states into granting concessions through a demonstration of their superior military capabilities, usually depicted by their naval assets. . A country negotiating with a European power would notice that a warship or fleet of ships had appeared off its coast. The mere sight of such power almost always had a considerable effect, and it was rarely necessary for such boats to use other measures, such as demonstrations of cannon fire.

A notable and controversial example of gunboat diplomacy was the Don Pacifico Incident in 1850, in which the British Foreign Secretary Lord Palmerston dispatched a squadron of the Royal Navy to blockade the Greek port of Piraeus in retaliation for the harming of a British subject, David Pacifico, in Athens, and the subsequent failure of the government of King Otto to compensate the Gibraltar-born (and therefore British) Pacifico.

The effectiveness of such simple demonstrations of a nation's projection of force capabilities meant that those nations with naval power, especially Britain, could establish military bases (for example, Diego Garcia) and arrange economically advantageous relationships around the world. Aside from military conquest, gunboat diplomacy was the dominant way to establish new trade partners, colonial outposts, and expansion of empire.

Those lacking the resources and technological advancements of European empires found that their own peaceable relationships were readily dismantled in the face of such pressures, and they therefore came to depend on the imperialist nations for access to raw materials and overseas markets.

The British diplomat and naval thinker James Cable spelled out the nature of gunboat diplomacy in a series of works published between 1971 and 1993. In these, he defined the phenomenon as "the use or threat of limited naval force, otherwise than as an act of war, in order to secure advantage or to avert loss, either in the furtherance of an international dispute or else against foreign nationals within the territory or the jurisdiction of their own state."  He further broke down the concept into four key areas:

*Definitive Force: the use of gunboat diplomacy to create or remove a fait accompli.
*Purposeful Force: application of naval force to change the policy or character of the target government or group
*Catalytic Force: a mechanism designed to buy a breathing space or present policy makers with an increased range of options
*Expressive Force: use of navies to send a political message—interestingly this aspect of gunboat diplomacy is undervalued and almost dismissed by Cable.

Gunboat diplomacy comes in contrast to the views held prior to the 18th century influenced by Hugo Grotius, De Jure Belli ac Pacis, in which he circumscribed the right to resort to force with what he described as "temperamenta".

Gunboat diplomacy is distinct from "Defence Diplomacy", which is understood to be the peaceful application of resources from across the spectrum of defence, to achieve positive outcomes in the development of bilateral and multilateral relationships. "Military diplomacy" is a sub-set of this, tending to refer only to the role of military attachés and their associated activity. Defence diplomacy does not include military operations, but subsumes such other defence activity as international personnel exchanges, ship and aircraft visits, high-level engagement (e.g., ministers and senior defence personnel), training and exercises, security-sector reform,  and bilateral military talks. 

Modern contexts 

Gunboat diplomacy is considered a form of hegemony. As the United States became a military power in the first decade of the 20th century, the Rooseveltian version of gunboat diplomacy, Big Stick Diplomacy, was partially superseded by dollar diplomacy: replacing the big stick with the "juicy carrot" of American private investment. However, during Woodrow Wilson's presidency, conventional gunboat diplomacy did occur, most notably in the case of the U.S. Army's occupation of Veracruz in 1914, during the Mexican Revolution.

Gunboat diplomacy in the post-Cold War world is still largely based on naval forces, owing to the U.S. Navy's overwhelming sea power. U.S. administrations have frequently changed the disposition of their major naval fleets to influence opinion in foreign capitals. More urgent diplomatic points were made by the Clinton administration in the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s (in alliance with the United Kingdom's Blair government) and elsewhere, using sea-launched Tomahawk missiles,[http://edition.cnn.com/ALLPOLITICS/time/1998/10/12/clinton.kosovo.html Tomahawk Diplomacy - October 19, 1998] and E-3 AWACS airborne surveillance aircraft in a more passive display of military presence. [http://www.airpower.maxwell.af.mil/airchronicles/apj/apj97/win97/dippold.html Air Occupation: Asking the Right Questions][http://www.mackenzieinstitute.com/1999/newsletter040199.htm Colombia, Gun Boat Diplomacy, The floating world]

Notable examples

18th century

* Anson's visit to Canton in 1741 [http://www.gutenberg.org/files/16611/16611-h/16611-h.htm#anson-32]

19th century

* Second Barbary War (1815)
* Opium War (1840, 1856)
* Don Pacifico Incident (1850)
* Second Anglo-Burmese War (1852)
* Opening of Japan by Commodore Matthew C. Perry and his Black Ships (1853–54)
* Tonkin Flotilla (1883)
* Baltimore crisis (1891)
* Franco-Siamese War of 1893
* Anglo-Zanzibar War (1896)
* Luders Affair (1897)
* Yangtze River Patrol (1850s-1930s)
* Overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii (1893)

20th century

*Venezuela Crisis of 1902–1903 
*Panama separation from Colombia
*Great White Fleet (1907)
*Agadir Crisis (1911)
*Occupation of Veracruz (1914)
*First Taiwan Strait Crisis (1954–55)
*Second Taiwan Strait Crisis (1958)
*Operation Vantage (1961)
*Third Taiwan Strait Crisis (1995–96)

21st century

*South China Sea Crisis (Oct 27 2015)
Question:
Which British Foreign Minister, later Prime Minister, is associated with Gunboat Diplomacy?
Answer:
HJ Temple
Passage:
Mirin
is an essential condiment used in Japanese cuisine.  It is a type of rice wine similar to sake, but with a lower alcohol content and higher sugar content.  The sugar content is a complex carbohydrate formed naturally via the fermentation process; it is not refined sugar. The alcohol content is further lowered when the liquid is heated.

There are three general types of mirin. The first is hon mirin (literally: true mirin),  which contains approximately 14% alcohol and is  produced by a forty- to sixty-day mashing (saccharification) process.   The second is shio mirin, which contains alcohol as low as 1.5% to avoid alcohol tax.  The third is shin mirin (literally: new mirin),  or mirin-fu chomiryo (literally: mirin-like seasoning), which contains less than 1% alcohol yet retains the same flavor.

In the Edo period, mirin was consumed as Amazake.  Otoso, traditionally consumed on Shōgatsu, can be made by soaking a spice mixture in mirin. 

In the Kansai style of cooking, mirin is briefly boiled before using, to allow some of the alcohol to evaporate, while in the Kantō regional style, the mirin is used untreated. Kansai-style boiled mirin is called nikiri mirin ()  (literally: thoroughly boiled mirin).

Mirin is used to add a bright touch to grilled (broiled) fish or to erase the fishy smell. A small amount is often used instead of sugar and soy sauce. It should not be used in excess, however, as its flavor is quite strong. It is sometimes used to accompany sushi. Mirin is used in teriyaki sauce. 

November 30 has been designated the Day of hon-mirin by the mirin industry because in Japanese wordplay the date words sound like '11' (, good) and '30' (, mirin).
Question:
Mirin is a type of wine used for flavouring the cuisine of which country?
Answer:
日本國
Passage:
Okta
In meteorology, an okta is a unit of measurement used to describe the amount of cloud cover at any given location such as a weather station. Sky conditions are estimated in terms of how many eighths of the sky are covered in cloud, ranging from 0 oktas (completely clear sky) through to 8 oktas (completely overcast). In  addition, in the SYNOP code there is an extra cloud cover indicator '9' indicating that the sky is totally obscured (i.e. hidden from view), usually due to dense fog or heavy snow.

When used in weather charts, okta measurements are shown by means of graphic symbols (rather than numerals) contained within weather circles, to which are attached further symbols indicating other measured data such as wind speed and wind direction. 

Although relatively straightforward to measure (visually, for instance, by using a mirror ), oktas only estimate cloud cover in terms of the area of the sky covered by clouds. They do not account for cloud type or thickness, and this limits their use for estimating cloud albedo or surface solar radiation receipt.

Cloud oktas can also be measured using satellite imagery from geostationary satellites equipped with high-resolution image sensors such as Himawari-8. Similar to traditional approaches, satellite images do not account for cloud composition.

Oktas are often referenced in aviation weather forecasts and low level forecasts: SKC sky clear; FEW 
 1 to 2 oktas; SCT 3 to 4 oktas; BKN 
 5 to 7 oktas; OVC 8 oktas; NSC 
 nil significant cloud; CAVOK = ceiling and visibility okay.
Question:
In meteorology, what is measured in 'Oktas'?
Answer:
CLOUD COVER
Passage:
Webb Ellis Cup
The Webb Ellis Cup is the trophy awarded to the winner of the Rugby World Cup, the premier competition in men's international rugby union. The Cup is named after William Webb Ellis, who is often credited as the inventor of rugby football. The trophy is silver gilt and has been presented to the winner of the Rugby World Cup since the first competition in 1987. It has been held thrice by New Zealand (1987, 2011 & 2015), twice by Australia (1991 & 1999) and South Africa (1995 & 2007), and once by  England in 2003.

The 38 centimetre trophy weighs 4.5 kg, is gilded silver and is supported by two cast scroll handles.  On one handle there is a head of a satyr, on the other there is the head of a nymph. On the face of the trophy, the words International Rugby Football Board and below that arch The Webb Ellis Cup are engraved. The Webb Ellis Cup is also referred to (incorrectly) as the "Webb Ellis Trophy" or colloquially as "Bill", a nickname coined by the 1991 Rugby World Cup winners, the Wallabies.

History

There are two official Webb Ellis Cups, which are used interchangeably. One cup is a 1906 trophy made by Carrington and Co. of London, which was a Victorian design of a 1740s cup by Paul de Lamerie, while the other is a 1986 replica.

John Kendall-Carpenter, former England forward and the organiser of the first Rugby World Cup and Bob Weighill, the secretary of the International Rugby Board also a former England forward, visited Garrard & Co, the crown jeweller in Regent Street, London. Director Richard Jarvis, brought the particular cup down from the vault and showed it to both of them.

It was chosen for use in February 1987. Ronnie Dawson of Ireland, Keith Rowlands of Wales, Bob Stuart and  Dick Littlejohn of New Zealand and the Australians Nick Shehadie and Ross Turnbull approved of the choice of the trophy.  The trophy is being cared for and restored after each game by silversmiths Thomas Lyte.  

It was soon named "The Webb Ellis Cup". New Zealand became the first nation to win the Webb Ellis Cup when they won the 1987 Rugby World Cup. The Webb Ellis Cup has been held by four nations; New Zealand, Australia, South Africa and England.

The current holders are New Zealand after beating Australia 34–17 in the 2015 Final in England. The trophy was on display in Newlands, South Africa until 2007, where it had stayed for two years following their victory. Later it was returned to the home of World Rugby, Ireland. One cup recently went on tour around the New Zealand provinces along with the Dave Gallaher Trophy, Bledisloe Cup, Hillary Shield, Women's World Cup, Rugby Sevens World Series and the Junior World Cup trophies.
Question:
What is the correct name of the Rugby World Cup trophy?
Answer:
William Webb Ellis cup
Passage:
Kobalt Tools - Lowe's
Kobalt
Kobalt
Kobalt
Unleash the Power: Introducing Kobalt Outdoor Power Equipment
Tame your yard with 7 tools all powered by the same 40-volt max battery system. All backed by our 5-year hassle-free tool guarantee.
Power in Your Palm: Introducing Kobalt 20-Volt Max* Power Tools
Powerful, reliable tools backed by our 5-Year No-Hassle Guarantee. Featuring extended run times and lithium-ion technology.
*Nominal voltage under typical loads is 18 volts. Voltage during use will vary based on workload and battery state. Shop Kobalt Power Tools
Kobalt Tools & Accessories
Kobalt Power Tool Combo Kits
Introducing the cordless drill, reciprocating saw, circular saw and other new power tools and accessories from Kobalt designed for your toughest jobs.
Kobalt Tool Storage & Work Benches
Get organized and get ready for your next project with Kobalt tool storage systems and work benches.
Shop Tool Storage & Work Benches
Kobalt Air Tools & Compressors
Kobalt air compressors, air tools and accessories offer you powerful solutions for your job site or your home.
Kobalt Power Saws & Saw Blades
Kobalt power saws, blades and accessories will give you the cutting edge on all your projects.
Question:
Featuring distinctive blue handles, what is the brand of tools sold exclusive by Lowes?
Answer:
Kobalt
Passage:
Poached egg
A poached egg is an egg that has been cooked by poaching, that is, in simmering liquid.  This method of preparation is favored because a very consistent and predictable result can be obtained with precise timing, as the boiling point of water removes the temperature variability from the cooking process.

Preparation

The egg is cracked into a cup or bowl of any size, and then gently slid into a pan of simmering water and cooked until the egg white has mostly solidified, but the yolk remains soft. The 'perfect' poached egg has a runny yolk, with a hardening crust and no raw white remaining. 

Eggs for poaching should be fresh, although newly laid eggs need to be less than 12 hours old; otherwise the white will separate from the yolk.  Broken into simmering water, the white will cling to the yolk, resulting in cooked egg white and runny yolk.

To prevent dispersion of the white of the egg, it can be strained beforehand, removing the parts of the white that are likely to disperse and creating a perfect, compact poached egg every time, with very little effort and without resorting to other risky methods such as vinegar. 

Another method states that a small amount of vinegar may be added to the boiling water.  However, this technique is risky, as one may add too much vinegar into the water, resulting in a dry egg and an acidic taste. Stirring the water vigorously to create a vortex may also reduce dispersion. 

Special pans, with several small cups, allow a number of eggs to be poached at the same time. These were a popular utensil for many years but the resultant rubbery texture and "bun-shaped" eggs they produced saw their popularity fade as TV shows and books - especially those on traditional French cooking as exemplified by Julia Child and Elizabeth David -  revived interest in basic domestic cookery techniques. Other methods of producing poached eggs, such as using cling film to keep the egg perfectly formed have been documented. 

Cooking time varies from about two and a half minutes if the eggs begin at room temperature, about three minutes if taken from a refrigerator. The exact time depends on the size of the egg, and other factors such as altitude and the design of the poaching apparatus. Dipping the eggs into cold water for a few seconds immediately after taking them out of the boiling water helps prevent over-cooking.

The traditional method of poaching eggs is on the stove top.  Another method uses a microwave. 

Steamed

The term "poaching" is used for this method but is actually incorrect, the egg is placed in a cup, suspended over simmering water, using a special pan called an "egg-poacher". This is usually a wide-bottomed pan with an inner lid, with holes containing a number of circular cups that each hold one egg, with an additional lid over the top. To cook, the pan is filled with water and brought to a simmer, or a gentle boil.  The outer lid holds in the steam, ensuring that the heat surrounds the egg completely. The cups are often lubricated with butter in order to effect easy removal of the cooked egg, although non-stick egg poachers are also available.

The result is very similar to the traditional coddled egg, although these steamed eggs are often cooked for longer, and hence are firmer.  Eggs so prepared are often served on buttered toast.

Dishes with poached eggs

Poached eggs are used in the American dish Eggs Benedict and Eggs Florentine.

Poached eggs are the basis for many dishes in Louisiana Creole cuisine, such as Eggs Sardou, Eggs Portuguese, Eggs Hussarde and Eggs St. Charles. Creole poached egg dishes are typically served for brunches. 

Several cuisines include eggs poached in soup or broth and served in the soup. In parts of central Colombia, for instance, a popular breakfast item is eggs poached in a scallion/coriander broth with milk, known as changua or simply caldo de huevo ("egg soup").

The Libyan dish Shakshouka consists of eggs poached in a spicy tomato sauce.

In Italy poached eggs are typically seasoned with grated parmigiano reggiano and butter (or olive oil).

Turkish dish Çılbır consists of poached eggs, yogurt sauce with garlic and butter with red peppers.

In India, fried eggs are most commonly called "poached," but are sometimes also known as bullseyes, as a reference to "bullseye" targets, or "half-boil" in Southern India, indicating that they are partly cooked. These eggs are "poached" in name only and so not share the same preparation method as poached eggs in other countries.
Question:
Poached eggs on muffins with hollandaise sauce, and ham or bacon are popularly called 'eggs (What?)'?
Answer:
Benédict
Passage:
Notes on Nursing
Notes on Nursing: What it is and What it is Not is a book first published by Florence Nightingale in 1859.  A 76 page volume with 3 page appendix published by Harrison of Pall Mall, it was intended to give hints on nursing to those entrusted with the health of others. Florence Nightingale stressed that it was not meant to be a comprehensive guide from which to teach one's self to be a nurse but to help in the practice of treating others.

In her introduction to the 1974 edition, Joan Quixley, then head of the Nightingale School of Nursing, wrote that despite the passage of time since Notes on Nursing was published, "the book astonishes one with its relevance to modern attitudes and skills in nursing, whether this be practised at home by the 'ordinary woman', in hospital or in the community. The social, economic and professional differences of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in no way hinder the young student or pupil from developing, if he or she is motivated to do so, its unchanged fundamentals by way of intelligent thought and practice". "With its mid-nineteenth century background of poverty, neglect, ignorance and prejudice the book was a challenge to contemporary views of nursing, of nurses and of the patient". "The book was the first of its kind ever to be written. It appeared at a time when the simple rules of health were only beginning to be known, when its topics were of vital importance not only for the well-being and recovery of patients, when hospitals were riddled with infection, when nurses were still mainly regarded as ignorant, uneducated persons. The book has, inevitably, its place in the history of nursing, for it was written by the founder of modern nursing". 

The book included advice and practices for the following areas:
*ventilation and warming
*health in houses
*petty management (how things are done by others when you must be away)
*noise
*variety (environment)
*taking food and what kinds of food
*bed and bedding
*light
*cleanliness of rooms
*personal cleanliness
*chattering hopes and advices (the false assurances and recommendations of family and friends to the sick)
*observation of the sick

Later editions of Notes on Nursing are available to the public today.
Question:
Who wrote the 19th Century book ‘Notes on Nursing. What It is and What It Is Not’?
Answer:
The Lady with the Lamp
Passage:
All Star Comics
All Star Comics is a comic book series from All-American Publications, one of two companies that merged with National Periodical Publications to form the modern-day DC Comics. While the series' cover-logo trademark reads All Star Comics, its copyrighted title as indicated by postal indicia is All-Star Comics.  With the exception of the first two issues, All Star Comics told stories about the adventures of the Justice Society of America, the first team of superheroes, and introduced Wonder Woman.

Original series

The original concept for All Star Comics was an anthology title containing the most popular series from the other anthology titles published by both All-American Publications and National Comics. 

All Star Comics #1 (cover-dated Summer 1940) contained superhero stories that included All-American's Golden Age Flash, Hawkman, Ultra-Man, as well as National's Hour-Man, Spectre, and Sandman. The adventure strip "Biff Bronson" and the comedy-adventure "Red, White, and Blue" also premiered with the Summer 1940 cover date.

Issue #3 (Winter 1940-1941)   depicted the first meeting of the Justice Society of America, with its members swapping stories of their exploits which were subsequently illustrated in the comic's array of solo adventures. In addition to the Flash, Hawkman, Hour-Man, the Spectre, and the Sandman were Doctor Fate from National's More Fun Comics; and the Green Lantern and the Atom from All-American's flagship title All-American Comics.   The Justice Society of America (JSA) was originally a frame story used to present an anthology of solo stories about the individual characters, with each story handled by a different artist. Comic historian Les Daniels noted, "this was obviously a great notion, since it offered readers a lot of headliners for a dime, and also the fun of watching fan favorites interact."  The anthology format was dropped in 1947 and replaced with full issue stories featuring the heroes teaming up to fight crime.

All Star Comics 8 (January 1942) featured the first appearance of Wonder Woman in an eight-page story written by William Moulton Marston, under the pen name of "Charles Moulton" with art by H. G. Peter.  The insert story was included to test reader interest in the Wonder Woman concept. It generated enough positive fan response that Wonder Woman would be awarded the lead feature in the Sensation Comics anthology title starting from issue #1.  That same issue saw the induction of Doctor Mid-Nite and Starman as members of the Justice Society as well. Starting with issue #11, Wonder Woman would appear in All Star Comics as a member of the Justice Society as their secretary. 

With issue #34 (April–May 1947), Gardner Fox left the series and a new super-villain, the Wizard,  was introduced. The Injustice Society first battled the JSA in issue #37 in a tale written by Robert Kanigher.   The Black Canary guest starred in issue #38 and joined the team three issues later in #41.  

All Star Comics  increased its frequency from a quarterly to a bimonthly publication schedule, and the JSA lasted through March 1951 with issue #57 in a story titled "The Mystery of the Vanishing Detectives". 

Superhero comics slumped in the early 1950s, and All Star Comics was renamed All-Star Western in 1951 with issue #58.  In this issue, the "Justice Society of America" feature was replaced by Western heroes. 

Artwork from an unpublished All Star Comics story titled "The Will of William Wilson" survived and was reprinted in various publications from TwoMorrows Publishing. 

Revivals

1976 revival series

In 1976, the name All Star Comics was resurrected for a series portraying the modern-day adventures of the JSA. The new series dismissed the numbering from All-Star Western and continued the original numbering, premiering with All-Star Comics #58. Starting with issue #66, a hyphen was added to the title and the words "All-Star Comics" became a much smaller part of the cover; while the words "Justice Society" became much larger. The 1970s series introduced the new characters Power Girl   and the Helena Wayne version of the Huntress.  This series ran for seventeen issues before it was abruptly canceled with issue #74  as part of the DC Implosion and the JSA's adventures were folded into Adventure Comics. 

After 23-year-old Gerry Conway became an editor at DC Comics, long-time JSA-fan Roy Thomas suggested to Conway that the JSA be given their own title again. Conway offered Thomas a chance to ghostwrite an issue of the revived All-Star Comics, but he declined as Thomas was under an exclusive contract with Marvel Comics at the time.  However, in 1981 Thomas moved to DC and was able to work with the characters. 

Subsequent revivals

A two-issue All-Star Comics series was published as a part of the "Justice Society Returns" storyline in May 1999. 

Collected editions

* All Star Comics Archives:
** Volume 0 collects #1-2, 144 pages, March 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0791-X
** Volume 1 collects #3-6, 272 pages, 1992, ISBN 1-5638-9019-4
** Volume 2 collects #7-10, 256 pages, 1993, ISBN 0-9302-8912-9
** Volume 3 collects #11-14, 240 pages, November 1997, ISBN 1-5638-9370-3
** Volume 4 collects #15-18, 224 pages, December 1998, ISBN 1-5638-9433-5
** Volume 5 collects #19-23, 224 pages, December 1999, ISBN 1-5638-9497-1
** Volume 6 collects #24-28, 240 pages, October 2000, ISBN 1-5638-9636-2
** Volume 7 collects #29-33, 216 pages, July 2001, ISBN 1-5638-9720-2
** Volume 8 collects #34-38, 208 pages, August 2002, ISBN 1-5638-9812-8
** Volume 9 collects #39-43, 192 pages, August 2003, ISBN 1-4012-0001-X
** Volume 10 collects #44-49, 216 pages, August 2004, ISBN 1-4012-0159-8
** Volume 11 collects #50-57, 276 pages, March 2005, ISBN 1-4012-0403-1
* Justice Society
** Volume 1 collects #58-67 and DC Special #29, 224 pages, August 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0970-X
** Volume 2 collects #68-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 224 pages, February 2007, ISBN 1-4012-1194-1
* Showcase Presents: All-Star Comics collects issues #58-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 448 pages, September 2011, ISBN 1-4012-3303-1

Millennium Edition

In 2000 and 2001, DC Comics reprinted several of its most notable issues in the Millennium Edition series. All Star Comics #3 and #8 were reprinted in this format.
Question:
She and her alto egofirst appeared in 1941 in 'All Star Comics', the creation of Chester Gould. Who is she?
Answer:
Wonder-woman
Passage:
Nyctalopia
Nyctalopia (from Greek νύκτ-, nykt- "night"; ἀλαός, alaos "blind, not seeing", and ὄψ, ops "eye"),  also called night-blindness, is a condition making it difficult or impossible to see in relatively low light. It is a symptom of several eye diseases. Night blindness may exist from birth, or be caused by injury or malnutrition (for example, a lack of vitamin A). It can be described as insufficient adaptation to darkness.

The most common cause of nyctalopia is  retinitis pigmentosa, a disorder in which the rod cells in the retina gradually lose their ability to respond to the light. Patients suffering from this genetic condition have progressive nyctalopia and eventually their daytime vision may also be affected. In X-linked congenital stationary night blindness, from birth the rods either do not work at all, or work very little, but the condition doesn't get worse.
Another cause of night blindness is a deficiency of retinol, or vitamin A, found in fish oils, liver and dairy products.

The opposite problem, the inability to see in bright light, is known as hemeralopia and is much rarer.

Since the outer area of the retina is made up of more rods than cones, loss of peripheral vision often results in night blindness. Individuals suffering from night blindness not only see poorly at night, but also require extra time for their eyes to adjust from brightly lit areas to dim ones. Contrast vision may also be greatly reduced.

Rods contain a pigment called rhodopsin. When light falls on rhodopsin, it undergoes a series of conformational changes ultimately generating electrical signals which are carried to the brain via the optic nerve. In the absence of light, rhodopsin is regenerated. The body synthesizes rhodopsin from vitamin A, which is why a deficiency in vitamin A causes poor night vision.

Refractive "vision correction" surgery (especially PRK with the complication of "haze") may rarely cause a reduction in best night-time acuity due to the impairment of contrast sensitivity function (CSF) which is induced by intraocular light-scatter resulting from surgical intervention in the natural structural integrity of the cornea. 

Causes 

*Retinitis pigmentosa
*Retinal detachment
*Certain medications, such as phenothiazines
*Oguchi disease
*Pathological myopia
*Cataract (peripheral cortical)
*Refractive surgery (LASIK, photorefractive keratectomy,  radial keratotomy)
*Sorsby's fundus dystrophy (Macular degeneration)
*Vitamin A deficiency
*choroideremia

Historical usage 

Aulus Cornelius Celsus, writing ca. 30 AD, described night blindness and recommended an effective dietary supplement:  "There is besides a weakness of the eyes, owing to which people see well enough indeed in the daytime but not at all at night; in women whose menstruation is regular this does not happen. But success sufferers should anoint their eyeballs with the stuff dripping from a liver whilst roasting, preferably of a he-goat, or failing that of a she-goat; and as well they should eat some of the liver itself."

Historically, nyctalopia, also known as moonblink, was a temporary night blindness believed to be caused by sleeping in moonlight in the tropics. 

In French language,  and  have inverse meanings, the first naming the ability to see in the dark as well as in plain light, and the second the inability to do so.  It is thought that this inversion from latin happened during the 2nd century AD,  even though the ancient greek νυκτάλωψ (nuktálōps) has been used in both senses.

Nyctalopia with animals 

Congenital stationary night blindness is also an ophthalmologic disorder in horses with leopard spotting patterns, such as the Appaloosa.  It is present at birth (congenital), not sex-linked, non-progressive and affects the animal's vision in conditions of low lighting. CSNB is usually diagnosed based on the owner's observations, but some horses have visibly abnormal eyes: poorly aligned eyes (dorsomedial strabismus) or involuntary eye movement (nystagmus). In horses, CSNB has been linked with the leopard complex color pattern since the 1970s.Witzel CA, Joyce JR, Smith EL. Electroretinography of congenital night blindness in an Appaloosa filly. Journal of Equine Medicine and Surgery 1977; 1: 226–229.  A 2008 study theorizes that both CSNB and leopard complex spotting patterns are linked to the TRPM1 gene.  The region on horse chromosome 1 to which the Lp gene has now been localized also encodes a protein that channels calcium ions, a key factor in the transmission of nerve impulses. This protein, found in the retina and the skin, exists in fractional percentages of the normal levels found in homozygous Lp/Lp horses and so compromises the basic chemical reaction for nerve impulse transmission.
Question:
Night blindness is caused by a deficiency of which vitamin?
Answer:
Vi-Alpha
Passage:
Trapezium (bone)
The trapezium bone (greater multangular bone) is a carpal bone in the wrist. It forms the radial border of the carpal tunnel.

Structure

The trapezium is distinguished by a deep groove on its anterior surface. It is situated at the radial side of the carpus, between the scaphoid and the first metacarpal bone (the metacarpal bone of the thumb). It is homologous with the first distal carpal of reptiles and amphibians.

Surfaces

The trapezium is an irregularly-shaped carpal bone found within the hand. The trapezium is found within the distal row of carpal bones, and is directly adjacent to the metacarpal bone of the thumb. On its ulnar surface are found the trapezoid and scaphoid bones.

The superior surface is directed upward and medialward; medially it is smooth, and articulates with the scaphoid; laterally it is rough and continuous with the lateral surface.

The inferior surface is oval, concave from side to side, convex from before backward, so as to form a saddle-shaped surface for articulation with the base of the first metacarpal bone. This saddle-shaped articulation is partially responsible for the thumb's opposable motion.

The dorsal surface is smooth.

The palmar surface is narrow and rough. At its upper part is a deep groove, running from above obliquely downward and medialward; it transmits the tendon of the Flexor carpi radialis, and is bounded laterally by an oblique ridge. This surface gives origin to the Opponens pollicis and to the Abductor and Flexor pollicis brevis; it also affords attachment to the transverse carpal ligament.

The lateral surface is broad and rough, for the attachment of ligaments.

The medial surface presents two facets; the upper, large and concave, articulates with the trapezoid bone; the lower, small and oval, with the base of the second metacarpal.

Tubercle of trapezium

The tubercle of trapezium is a tubercle found on the anterior surface of the bone. It is where sometimes abductor pollicis brevis muscle attaches.

Function

The carpal bones function as a unit to provide a bony superstructure for the hand. The trapezium is the most radial of the bones surrounding the carpal tunnel. It is important in thumb movement.

Clinical relevance

The trapezium is susceptible to arthritis at the joint with the metacarpal bone of the thumb, due to overuse.

History

The etymology derives from the Greek trapezion which means "a little table", from trapeza meaning "table", itself from (te)tra- "four" and pod- "foot". The bone was first documented in 1840. 

Additional images

 File:Trapezium bone (left) - animation01.gif|Position of trapezium (shown in red). Left hand. Animation.
 File:Trapezium bone (left) - animation02.gif|Trapezium of the left hand. The hook-like process is called hamulus.
 File:Trapezium bone.jpg|Trapezium bone.
 File:RightHumanPosteriorDistalRadiusUlnaCarpals - Trapezium bone.png|Right hand posterior view (dorsal view). Thumb on bottom.
 File:RightHumanAnteriorDistalRadiusUlnaCarpals - Trapezium bone.png|Right hand anterior view (palmar view). Thumb on top.
 File:Gray219 - Trapezium bone.png|Bones of the left hand. Palmar surface. Trapezium shown in yellow.
 File:Gray220 - Trapezium bone.png|Bones of the left hand. Dorsal surface. Trapezium shown in yellow.
 File:Ospoignet - Trapezium.png|Cross section of wrist (thumb on left). Trapezium shown in red (labelled as "Greater Multang").
 File:Gray422 - Trapezium.png|Transverse section across the wrist and digits. Trapezium is shown in yellow (labelled as "Greater Multang").
 File:Gray334.png|Ligaments of wrist. Anterior view
 File:Gray416.png|Tendons of forefinger and vincula tendina.
Question:
Where in the human body can you find the Trapezium bone ?
Answer:
Wrist injuries
Passage:
Whisky Mac
A Whisky Macdonald more commonly known under the shortened name Whisky Mac is a cocktail made up of whisky and ginger wine. The whisky is expected to be a Scotch whisky, usually a blended type. The ginger wine should be green ginger wine. Recipes vary from those having equal parts of each ingredient to those that use a ratio of 3 to 2 of whisky to wine.

A common recipe is to take 1½ fluid ounces Scotch whisky, 1½ fluid ounces green ginger wine.  Pour both of the ingredients into a wine goblet with no ice. A hot version can also be made, akin to a hot toddy, made with the addition of boiling water.

The invention of it, and its name, is attributed to a Colonel Macdonald, who devised it during the days of the British Raj in India. The mixed drink is sometimes referred to as "The Golfers' Favourite". Apparently, golfers drank whiskey macs to ward off the cold after a chilly round on the links.
Question:
What is added to Scotch to make a Whisky Mac?
Answer:
Ginger Wine
Passage:
Lúcio Costa
Lúcio Marçal Ferreira Ribeiro Lima Costa  (27 February 1902 – 13 June 1998) was a Brazilian architect and urban planner, best known for his plan for Brasília. 

Career

Costa was born in Toulon, France, son of Brazilian parents.  His father Joaquim Ribeiro da Costa, from Salvador, Bahia, was a naval engineer, and his mother Alina Ferreira da Costa, was from Manaus.  He was educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne, England, and at the Collège National in Montreux, Switzerland, until 1916, he graduated as an architect in 1924 from the National School of Fine Arts (Escola Nacional de Belas Artes) in Rio de Janeiro. After some early works in the eclectic manner, he adopted Modernism in 1929. In 1930 Costa established a partnership with Russian-born Brazilian architect Gregori Warchavchik, and also became the Director of the National School of Fine Arts where he had studied. Even though he found students eager to be taught in the "new style," his ruthless administration won him the opposition of the faculty and student body, and Costa eventually had to resign after a year in office. He joined the newly created SPHAN (Servico do Patrimônio Histórico e Artístico Nacional - National Service of Historic and Artistic Heritage) in 1937 under Rodrigo Melo Franco de Andrade. He remained at the National Heritage Service until retirement, acceding to the top post of director, where he was followed by his granddaughter Maria Elisa Costa. During his tenure as regional and then national director, he became involved in numerous  controversial decisions (see Controversies).

Costa became a figure associated with reconciling traditional Brazilian forms and construction techniques with international modernism, particularly the work of Le Corbusier. His works include the Brazilian pavilion at the New York World's Fair of 1939 (designed with Oscar Niemeyer),  the Parque Guinle residential complex in Rio of 1948, and the Hotel do Park São Clemente in Nova Friburgo of 1948. Among his major works are also the Ministry of Education and Health, in Rio (1936–43), designed with Oscar Niemeyer, Roberto Burle Marx, among others, and consulted by Le Corbusier, and the Pilot Plan of Brasília, a competition winner designed in 1957 and mostly built in 1958-1960. 

Costa taught geometry and drawing at the Liceu de Artes e Ofícios of Rio from 1938-1954. The Liceu was affiliated with the Associação Académica de Coimbra where Costa also taught until 1966, and received a Medal of Merit from the Portuguese government. 

Controversies

During his long tenure as regional, and then later, national chief of the Brazilian Historic and Artistic Heritage Institute (Instituto do Patrimônio Histórico e Artístico Nacional - IPHAN), Lucio Costa pushed for systematic documentation of existing architectural and urbanistic heritage, although his critics allege that he let his personal preferences and political opinions interfere with the bases of his decisions . In 1975, he created a public controversy by refusing to sign the landmarking act of Palácio Monroe, the former seat of the Brazilian Senate, built in 1906. The building was slated for demolition because of the construction of the subway but, in the face of public and media outcry, the construction company shifted the line to preserve the building. This effort, however, was in vain, since landmark status was denied and a developer razed the building shortly thereafter. Costa  favored the heritage of the Portuguese colonization over that of any other time or ethnic group (except for Brazilian Modernism). Because of this attitude, inculcated also on younger preservationists thanks to Costa's influence in the architecture schools, much of 19th- and early 20th-century architecture, including the architecture of German, Japanese and Italian immigrants, was lost to urban renewal in the 1960s and 1970s.

In 1936, when the competition to design the new Ministry of Education and Health was held, the winner was an eclectic design by architect Arquimedes Memória. Costa used his political connections within the government to scrap the competition result and instead form a new design team headed by himself, the Roberto Brothers and a young architect who had been Costa's intern, Oscar Niemeyer.

He died in Rio de Janeiro in 1998.

Brasilia

Lucio Costa is best known for his urban plan for the new capital of Brasília, located in Brazil's hinterland, having won the job in a 1957 public competition.  Costa's Plano Piloto (Pilot Plan) for Brasília is in the shape of an irregular cross, suggesting an airplane or dragonfly.  Costa's own Parque Guinle project was the model for Brasília's many residential tower-in-a-park superblocks, and Costa specified even the color of the bus drivers' uniforms:  dark grey and with a cap.

Although named as an UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987,  the city is notorious for its windswept emptiness and anti-pedestrian layout.    Some streets are badly lit because the height and spacing of light standards were not changed with the advent of mercury-vapor bulbs, and World Heritage Site designation has prevented remediation.

Costa was responsible for the layout, and Oscar Niemeyer responsible for many of the landmark buildings, and there were disputes between the two afterwards as an article in the landmarking decree specifically exempted works from both of them from review by the Heritage Service. Nevertheless, Brasília is also famous for Costa's "utopian" project; although not fully accomplished, it has produced a city of considerable quality of life, in which the citizens live in wooded areas with sporting and leisure structure (the "superquadras") flanked by small commercial areas, bookstores and cafés; the city is famous for its relative efficiency of traffic.

Even these positive features, however, have sparked controversy, well expressed in the nickname "ilha da fantasia" ("fantasy island"), indicating the sharp contrast between the city and the surrounding regions, marked by poverty and disorganization.
Question:
Lcio Costa was the principal urban planner, Oscar Niemeyer was the principal architect, and Roberto Burle Marx was the landscape designer for which purpose-built capital city?
Answer:
Brasília
