Passage:
Runner Bean | Tozer Seeds
Runner Bean | Tozer Seeds
Runner Bean
The creators of
Runner Bean
The Tozer Seeds runner bean breeding programme is probably the most extensive anywhere. We have created a new generation of varieties with improved pod set, smoother fleshier pods, reduced string and enhanced flavour. Moonlight (white flowered) and Firestorm (red flowered) are excellent examples. This work has essentially re-invented the runner bean for a wider range of consumer, although we still work to maintain and improve our traditional runner bean varieties such as Enorma and White Lady.
Crop Information
Question:
Which vegetable has varieties 'Streamline' and 'Enorma'?
Answer:
Phaseolus flavescens
Passage:
Nullius in verba
Nullius in verba (Latin for "on the word of no one" or "Take nobody's word for it") is the motto of the Royal Society. John Evelyn and other Royal Society fellows chose the motto soon after the founding of the Society.   The current Royal Society website explains the motto thus:

It is an expression of the determination of Fellows to withstand the domination of authority and to verify all statements by an appeal to facts determined by experiment.

The phrase came from Horace's Epistle to his benefactor Maecenas,   where he claims not to be devoted to any particular sect but is rather an eclectic by nature. 

These are the words, forming two hexameters in the original context: Nullius addictus iurare in verba magistri, – quo me cumque rapit tempestas, deferor hospes." ("(being) not obliged to swear allegiance to a master, wherever the storm drags me to, I turn in as a guest.")
Question:
Nullius in verba. (On the word of no one.)
Answer:
Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge
Passage:
State Emblem of India
The State Emblem of India, as the national emblem of India is called, is an adaptation of the Lion Capital of Ashoka at Sarnath, preserved in the Varanasi Sarnath Museum in India. It was adopted on 26 January 1950, the day that India became a republic. 

The emblem forms a part of the official letterhead of the Government of India and appears on all Indian currency as well. It also functions as the national emblem of India in many places and appears prominently on Indian passports. The Ashoka Chakra (wheel) on its base features in the centre of the national flag of India.

The usage of the emblem is regulated and restricted under State Emblem of India (Prohibition of Improper Use) Act, 2005. No individual or private organisation is permitted to use the emblem for official correspondence.

The actual Sarnath capital features four Asiatic lions standing back to back, symbolizing power, courage, confidence, and pride, mounted on a circular base. At the bottom is a horse and a bull, and at its centre is a beautiful wheel (Dharma chakra).  The abacus is girded with a frieze of sculptures in high relief of an elephant (of the east), a bull (of the west), a horse (of the south), and a lion (of the north), separated by intervening wheels, over a lotus in full bloom, exemplifying the fountainhead of life and creative inspiration.  Carved from a single block of sandstone, the polished capital is crowned by the Wheel of the Law (Dharma Chakra).

In the emblem adopted by Madhav Sawhney in 1950, only three lions are visible, the fourth being hidden from view. The wheel appears in relief in the centre of the abacus, with a bull on the right and a galloping horse on the left, and outlines of Dharma Chakras on the extreme right and left. The bell-shaped lotus beneath the abacus has been omitted. 

Forming an integral part of the emblem is the motto inscribed below the abacus in Devanagari script: Satyameva Jayate सत्यमेव जयते ().  This is a quote from Mundaka Upanishad,  the concluding part of the sacred Hindu Vedas.

File:Emblem of the Supreme Court of India.svg|Emblem of the Supreme Court of India
File:Cbi logo.svg|Emblem of the Central Bureau of Investigation
Sarnath Lion Capital of Ashoka.jpg|The original Lion Capital of Ashoka
Ashok Stambha at Indian Museum, Kolkata.jpg|Ashoka Stambha at Indian Museum, Kolkata
File:Star-of-India-gold-centre.svg|The Star of India was India's emblem under British rule (1857-1947). A variant of the insignia is still used as the logo of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), India's cricket governing body as well as the burgee of the Royal Bombay Yacht Club

Seals of States and Union Territories of India 

States 

File:Official Emblem Of Andhra Pradesh.jpeg|Seal of Andhra Pradesh
File:Arunachal Pradesh Seal.svg|Seal of Arunachal Pradesh
File:Seal of Assam svg.svg|Seal of Assam
File:Seal of Bihar.svg|Seal of Bihar
File:Seal of Chhattisgarh.png|Seal of Chhattisgarh
File:Seal of Goa.png|Seal of Goa
File:Seal of Gujarat.svg|Seal of Gujarat
File:Government of Haryana seal.jpg|Seal of Haryana
File:Himachal Pradesh seal.svg|Seal of Himachal Pradesh
File:Seal of Jammu and Kashmir color.png|Seal of Jammu and Kashmir
File:Seal of Jharkhand 2.png|Seal of Jharkhand
File:Seal of Karnataka.svg|Seal of Karnataka
File:Kerala Government Emblem.png|Seal of Kerala
File:Seal of Maharashtra.png|Seal of Maharashtra
File:Manipur emblem.png|Seal of Manipur
File:Seal of Meghalaya.svg|Seal of Meghalaya
File:Seal of Mizoram.svg|Seal of Mizoram
File:Seasl of Nagaland.svg|Seal of Nagaland
File:Seal of Orissa.gif|Seal of Odisha
File:Seal of Punjab.gif|Seal of Punjab
File:Rajasthan emblem.png|Seal of Rajasthan
File:Seal of Sikkim color.png|Seal of Sikkim
File:TamilNadu Logo.svg|Seal of Tamil Nadu
File:Telengana State Emblem.png|Seal of Telengana
File:Seal of Tripura.svg|Seal of Tripura
File:Seal of Uttar Pradesh.svg|Seal of Uttar Pradesh
File:Seal of Uttarakhand.svg|Seal of Uttarakhand
File:Seal of West Bengal.jpg|Seal of West Bengal

Union Territories 

File:Seal of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.svg|Seal of Andaman and Nicobar Islands
File:Seal of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.svg|Seal of Dadra and Nagar Haveli
File:Seal of Daman and Diu.svg|Seal of Daman and Diu
File:Seal of the National Capital Territory of Delhi.svg|Seal of the National Capital Territory of Delhi
File:Seal of Lakshadweep.jpg|Seal of Lakshadweep
File:Seal of Puducherry.svg|Seal of Puducherry
Question:
What is written under the Indian national emblem that was adopted as the National Emblem of India on 26 January 1950 when India became a republic, of 4 lions (one hidden from view) that symbolise power, courage, pride and confidence?
Answer:
Satyam eva jayate
Passage:
Maserati Logo Symbol - Auto Dealer US
Maserati Logo Symbol
Automobiles > Auto            Companies > Famous            Car Makers > Automobile            Logos > Maserati            Italy > Italian Car Makers Logo Maserati
The            Maserati auto company is an Italian            car maker that was founded in 1914. Maserati is a division of the            Italian car company Fiat S.p.A. which also has the famous Ferrari sports            car company under its control. The company has a small range of high            powered sports car types including the sedan, coupe and convertible            models. Maserati cars headquarters is in Modena, Italy. If you know            of an excellent Maserati Website online or own a good Maserati Resource,            please add it to our auto directory by filling in the form on our Submit            Car Url page .
Featured            Maserati Symbol Cars Website
If you would like            to have your Maserati luxury automobile website featured here, above            all the other listings below, visit our auto            advertising page.
Sponsored Links
The Maserati logo consists of an upright standing oval containing                  a red trident and the word Maserati in it. The Maserati logo refers                  to the city of Bologna where the auto maker was founded. The trident                  symbol used in the logo is a common site in the city with the                  statue of Neptune holding a trident being a major centerpiece.                  The Fountain of Neptune or Fontana di Nettuno is a monumental                  statue in the Piazza Nettuno square in Bologna, Italy. It is believed                  that Mario Maserati, the artist of the family designed the first                  Maserati logo.
Promotional image of the luxury car makers Maserati automobile                  logo, showing the trident symbol and the stylized Maserati text.
Detail                  of the Fountain of Neptune statue with the male nude figure holding                  a trident. A trident is a three pronged spear used as a military                  weapon or for spear fishing.
Close up view of the trident logo of the Maserati Quattroporte                  on the front grill, Maserati symbol logo.
Maserati badge and trident symbol on the grille of a 2009 Maserati                  Quattroporte car.
Another view of the famous Maserati symbol from the Italian luxury                  car makers.
An old version of the Maserati logo with the red trident symbol.
Auto Dealer US does not own the copyright of the Maserati logos                  and trident symbols used on this page. These images are used for                  educational purposes only. Contact the Italian auto maker for                  more details on using the image.
Auto            Companies
Question:
Which car maker has a trident as its symbol?
Answer:
Masarati
Passage:
K-Pop Star And North Korean Defectors to Perform on Korean ...
K-Pop Star And North Korean Defectors to Perform on Korean-Japanese Disputed Territory | Hollywood Reporter
K-Pop Star And North Korean Defectors to Perform on Korean-Japanese Disputed Territory
11:46 PM PDT 7/30/2014 by Lee Hyo-won
Courtesy of Lee Eun-seok
Lee Seung-chul
South Korean singer Lee Seung-chul has collaborated with Grammy-winning artist Steve Hodge to promote peace messages on the controversial Liancourt Rocks.
SEOUL — South Korean singer Lee Seung-chul and a group of North Korean defectors will perform on the Liancourt Rocks, a disputed territory between South Korea and Japan.
The veteran K-pop artist, who is also known as a judge on a local television talent show, will headline the concert on Aug. 14, ahead of Korea's Aug. 15 Independence Day from colonial Japan (1910-1945) . Called Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan, the Liancourt Rocks are located between the two Asian countries. It stands as a symbol of Japanese imperialism for Koreans, and North Korea has fully backed South Korea's sovereignty claim over the islets.
Lee will premiere a new song featuring With-U, a choir comprised of 55 young men and women in their 20s-30s who have defected from North Korea. The concert is part of the ON (One Nation) Campaign, a local effort to promote reunification of the two Koreas . In addition to addressing Northeast Asian geopolitical issues, however, the initiative raises humanitarian concerns about the plight of North Korean defectors.
PHOTOS  Korea Box Office 2013: Top 10 Movies
Since the Korean War (1950-53), some 25,000 North Koreans are estimated to have escaped the reclusive hermit state, and according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification some 1,500 have annually arrived in South Korea in recent years. However, as chronicled in the internationally acclaimed film by Park Jung-bum, The Journals of Musan , North Korean defectors often face discrimination and poverty in South Korea.
Il Gun Yoon, a North Korean defector, initiated the ON Campaign with Lee to bring together other defectors and ultimately promote Koreas' unification. Esteemed Spanish painter Eva Airmisen also espouses the effort and has designed its logo. The campaign efforts are currently being broadcast in South Korea as a TV documentary.
"Dokdo is one issue where North Korea and South Korea stand on a united front. Both polarized nations believe that Dokdo is inherently Korea's. Performing at Dokdo would be the ultimate symbolic gesture of unification that defines the 'ON' campaign and what Il Gun Yoon first envisioned," said campaign organizers.
"I believe that hope can be conveyed through music, even in the most desperate times. Because music is universal and transcends cultural boundaries, it has a special way of bringing people together. That's what inspired me to start this unification campaign," said Lee.
STORY  Why U.S., European Stars Are Divided Over Gaza
Lee composed "The Day" for the event next month. It is a collaborative effort with Japan-based Korean composer Yang Bang-ean, Grammy-winning mix engineer Steve Hodge and the Korea Symphony Orchestra. Three versions of "The Day" including an English rendition are due to be released in Korea in August.
"I hope the concert can serve as a stepping stone to help curb the plight of North Koreans," added the singer, who wishes to perform with the defectors at other symbolic venues such as the United Nations headquarters in New York or the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) separating the two Koreas.
Question:
Sovereignty of the Liancourt Rocks is disputed between which two Asian countries?
Answer:
Japan-Korea Relations
Passage:
Frogmore House
Frogmore House is a 17th-century English country house owned by the Crown Estate. The house is situated within the Frogmore Estate, which is itself located within the grounds of the Home Park, Windsor, Berkshire. Half a mile south of Windsor Castle, Frogmore was let to a number of tenants until the late 18th century, when it was used intermittently as a residence for several members of the royal family.

The house is currently uninhabited, but it is used by the royal family to host both private and official events. It is a Grade I listed building.

History

Early tenants

The Frogmore estate has been under royal ownership since the 16th century and was then leased to a series of Crown tenants. Construction on Frogmore house was not begun until 1680 for tenants Anne Aldworth and Thomas May. Work continued until 1684 and is thought to be the work of Hugh May, an architect employed by Charles II at Windsor Castle and uncle of tenant Thomas May. 

The house's first royal resident was George FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Northumberland, the illegitimate son of Charles II and Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland. The duke died in 1716, but his wife continued to live at Frogmore until her death in 1738. There were a number of successive tenants, including Edward Walpole, until 1792 when George III purchased the house for his wife, Queen Charlotte.

1792–1861

Queen Charlotte used the house as a country retreat for her and her unmarried daughters. They used Frogmore as a "refuge" away from court life where they could practice their pastimes of "painting, drawing, needlework, japanning, reading and ‘botanising’". The Queen's interest in botany is reflected in a number of the rooms at Frogmore., including a room decorated with painted flowers by the artist Mary Moser. Great attention was paid to the gardens, where the queen planted a number of Spanish chestnut, laburnum and birch trees and installed a number of follies. When Charlotte died 1818, she left the house to her daughter Princess Augusta Sophia, who lived there until her death 1840.

The house was in good condition, but to make it fit for royal inhabitants, James Wyatt was employed to enlarge and modernise Frogmore House. Between 1795 and 1804, Wyatt enlarged the second floor, added flanking pavilions to the north and south of the house and extended to make room for a new dining room and library.

File:Frogmore House, Dining Room, by Charles Wild, 1819 - royal coll 922119 257039 ORI 0 0.jpg|The Dining Room, 1819
File:Frogmore House, Japan Room, by Charles Wild, 1819 - royal coll 922122 257046 ORI 0 0.jpg|The Japan Room, 1819
File:Frogmore House, Queen's Library, by Charles Wild, 1817 - royal coll 922120 257041 ORI 0 0.jpg|The Queen's Library, 1817
File:Frogmore House, Green Pavilion, by Charles Wild, 1817 - royal coll 922121 257043 ORI 0 0.jpg|The Green Pavilion, 1817

After the Princess's death in 1840, Queen Victoria gave it to her mother, the Duchess of Kent. During this time the house was subject to a number of alterations. The Duchess's taste differed greatly to Queen Charlotte's and much of the decoration from her time was lost. The house was used regularly between 1841 and the death of the Duchess of Kent in 1861, with Queen Victoria often visiting and a number of private family functions were held there. Victoria wrote of the house: "All is peace and quiet and you only hear the hum of the bees, the singing of the birds and the occasional crowing and cackling from the Poultry Yard!"

Recent history

Frogmore was used intermittently for the remainder of the 19th century. Alexandra, the Princess of Wales gave birth to her first child at the house in 1864, after which it was the home of Princess Helena, third daughter of Queen Victoria, and her husband Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein. Helena and her husband moved to Cumberland Lodge in 1872. From 1902 to 1910, the future King George V and Queen Mary were frequent residents. From 1925 until her death in 1953, Queen Mary collected and arranged in the house souvenirs of the Royal Family, describing it as "a 'family' souvenir museum as well as a museum of 'bygones' and of interesting odds and ends." During this time, King George V, allowed his first cousin Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia, to live at Frogmore by 1925 when she was escaping the Russian February Revolution. Xenia was "very grateful" that her cousin let her stay at Frogmore. By March 1937, Xenia had moved from Frogmore House in Windsor Great Park to Wilderness House in the grounds of Hampton Court Palace. Since 1928, most members of the Royal Family, except for sovereigns and their consorts, have been interred at the Royal Burial Ground, on the Frogmore Estate. 

In 1997, following the decommissioning of the Royal Yacht Britannia, the Duke of Edinburgh furnished what had previously been Queen Charlotte's library and the Duchess of York's dining room with a selection of items from the vessel. This included a mahogany table constructed for Britannia c. 1950. 

Although currently no member of the royal family lives at Frogmore, the house is still used by the royal family for entertaining and it was used as a venue  for the marriage of the Queen’s grandson, Peter Phillips, to Autumn Kelly in May 2008.

Restoration

During the 1980s the house underwent extensive restoration, revealing the lost early 18th-century wall paintings by Louis Laguerre.  Work was also done on the Green Pavilion, in an effort to restore it to its appearance during the occupation of Queen Charlotte. Work was done on the cornice, dado and chimneypiece, which retain Wyatt's "characteristically crisp detailing." The restorations had cost a total of £2.5 million by the time they were completed in 1990.
Question:
Frogmore House, previously used as a royal residence and now largely used on ceremonial occasions only is located within which larger crown estate?
Answer:
Windsor, Florida
Passage:
British Classic Races
The British Classics are five long-standing Group 1 horse races run during the traditional flat racing season. They are restricted to three-year-old horses and traditionally represent the pinnacle of achievement for racehorses against their own age group. As such, victory in any classic marks a horse as amongst the very best of a generation. Victory in two or even three of the series (a rare feat known as the English Triple Crown) marks a horse as truly exceptional.

Races

The five British Classics are:

It is common to think of them as taking place in three legs.

The first leg is made up of the Newmarket Classics – 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas. Given that the 1,000 Guineas is restricted to fillies, this is regarded as the fillies' classic and the 2,000, which is open to both sexes, as the colts' classic, although it is theoretically possible for a filly to compete in both.

The second leg is made up of the Epsom Derby and/or Oaks, both ridden over 1 1/2 miles at Epsom in early June. The Oaks is regarded as the fillies' classic, the Derby as the colts', although, as with the Guineas, a filly could theoretically contest both.

The final leg is the St. Leger, held over 1 mile 6 1/2 furlongs at Doncaster and is open to both sexes.

The variety of distances and racecourses faced in the Classics make them particularly challenging as a series to even the best horses. It is rare for a horse to possess both the speed and stamina to compete across all these distances, making the Triple Crown a particularly notable achievement. In fact, in the modern era, it is rare for any attempt on the Triple Crown to be made.

History

Although the oldest race in the series, the St Leger, was first run 1776, the races were not designated 'classics' until 1815, shortly after the first running of the 1,000 Guineas.

Multiple classic winners

(see also Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing)

In 1902 Sceptre became the only racehorse to win four British Classic Races outright, winning both Guineas, the Oaks and the St Leger. Previously, in 1868, Formosa won the same four races but dead-heated in the 2,000 Guineas. 

Fifteen horses have won the standard Triple Crown (2,000 Guineas – Derby – St Leger), the last being Nijinsky in 1970.

In addition to Sceptre and Formosa above, eight horses have won the fillies' Triple Crown (1,000 Guineas – Oaks – St Leger), the last being Oh So Sharp in 1985.

Many horses have won two classics, some of whom have gone on to attempt the Triple Crown, losing in the last leg at Doncaster. The most recent example of this was the Aidan O'Brien trained Camelot, who having won 2,000 Guineas and Derby, finished second in the St Leger in 2012.

Records

Most wins as a horse
*Sceptre – 4 wins (1902)

Most wins as a jockey
*Lester Piggott – 30 wins (1954–1992)
Question:
Which is the oldest of the English classic horse races?
Answer:
Doncaster St. Leger
Passage:
Derek Fowlds
Derek Fowlds (born 2 September 1937) is an English actor, best known for playing Bernard Woolley in popular British television comedies Yes Minister and Yes Prime Minister and Oscar Blaketon in the long-running ITV police drama Heartbeat.

Early life

Fowlds was born in Wandsworth, London, the son of Ketha Muriel (née Treacher) and James Witney Fowlds,  a salesman.

Education

Fowlds was educated at Ashlyns School, a former Secondary Modern School in the historic town of Berkhamsted in Hertfordshire. 

Life and career

After amateur acting, Fowlds trained at RADA and made his debut on the West End stage in The Miracle Worker. He appeared in various film roles, including Tamahine (1963), East of Sudan (1964), Hotel Paradiso (1966), Frankenstein Created Woman (1967), The Smashing Bird I Used to Know (1969), Tower of Evil (1972) and Mistress Pamela (1974), prior to becoming familiar to British television viewers as 'Mr. Derek' in the children's series The Basil Brush Show, replacing Rodney Bewes as presenter. He played the role of Lord Randolph Churchill in the ATV series Edward the Seventh in 1975.

Perhaps his most famous role was that of Bernard Woolley in Yes Minister and its sequel Yes, Prime Minister alongside Paul Eddington and Nigel Hawthorne.

From 1983–85, Fowlds played the lead role in the sitcom Affairs of the Heart.  He featured in a more sinister role in the 1990 political thriller Die Kinder. Fowlds then played Oscar Blaketon in the long running ITV police drama nostalgia series Heartbeat for its entire run. The character first appeared as the local police sergeant, then retired from the force and ran the post office before becoming a publican.

Television roles 

Family

Fowlds was previously married to Wendy Tory and Blue Peter presenter and dancer Lesley Judd. He is the father of two children including the actor Jeremy Fowlds. Reports that he was formerly married to the actress Adrienne Corri are false.
Question:
What role does Derek Fowlds play in the series Heartbeat
Answer:
List of Heartbeat characters
Passage:
Judith Beheading Holofernes (Caravaggio)
Judith Beheading Holofernes is a painting of Judith beheading Holofernes by Caravaggio, painted in 1598–99. The widow Judith first charms the Assyrian general Holofernes, then decapitates him in his tent. The painting was rediscovered in 1950 and is part of the collection of the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica in Rome.

A painting believed by some to be Caravaggio's second version of Judith Beheading Holofernes was discovered in Toulouse in 2014. An export ban was placed on the painting by the French government while tests were carried out to establish its provenance.

Subject 

The deutero-canonical Book of Judith tells how Judith served her people by seducing and pleasuring Holofernes, the Assyrian general. Judith gets Holofernes drunk, then seizes his sword and slays him: "Approaching to his bed, she took hold of the hair of his head." (Judith, 13:7-8).

Caravaggio's approach was, typically, to choose the moment of greatest dramatic impact, the moment of the decapitation itself. The figures are set out in a shallow stage, theatrically lit from the side, isolated against the inky, black background. Judith and her maid Abra stand to the right, partially over Holofernes, who is vulnerable on his back. X-rays have revealed that Caravaggio adjusted the placement of Holofernes' head as he proceeded, separating it slightly from the torso and moving it slightly to the right. The faces of the three characters demonstrate his mastery of emotion, Judith in particular showing in her face a mix of determination and repulsion. Artemisia Gentileschi and others were deeply influenced by this work, and even surpassed Caravaggio's physical realism, but it has been argued that none matched his capture of Judith's psychological ambivalence. 

The model for Judith is probably the Roman courtesan Fillide Melandroni, who posed for several other works by Caravaggio around this year; the scene itself, and especially the details of blood and decapitation, were presumably drawn from his observations of the public execution of Beatrice Cenci a few years before.
Question:
Which painter's works include 'Judith beheading Holofernes' in 1598 and 'Supper at Emmaus' in 1602?
Answer:
Morigi, Michaelangelo (Caravaggio)
Passage:
List of Formula One World Drivers' Champions
The Formula One World Drivers' Championship (WDC) is awarded by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) to the most successful Formula One racing car driver over a season, as determined by a points system based on Grand Prix results.

The Drivers' Championship was first awarded in 1950, to Giuseppe Farina. The first driver to win multiple Championships was Alberto Ascari, in 1952 and 1953. The current Drivers' Champion is Lewis Hamilton, who won his first World Championship in 2008, regained it in 2014 and retained it in 2015, the sixteenth time a British driver has won the title (a record). He is the ninth of ten Britons to win the title (another record), with Jenson Button succeeding him in 2009 after his first championship.

A driver becomes the World Champion each season as soon as it is no longer mathematically possible for another to beat him whatever the outcome of the remaining races. The Drivers' Championship has been won in the final race of the season 28 times in the 66 seasons it has been awarded. The earliest in a season that the Drivers' Championship has been clinched was in 2002, when Michael Schumacher secured the title with six races remaining.

Overall, thirty-two different drivers have won the Championship, with German Michael Schumacher holding the record for most titles, at seven. Schumacher also holds the record for most consecutive Drivers' Championships, winning five from 2000 to 2004. The United Kingdom has produced the most World Championship winning drivers with ten; Brazil and Finland are next with three each. Of the 32 drivers to win the World Championship, 20 are still alive. The most recently deceased is Sir Jack Brabham (1926–2014). Among teams, Scuderia Ferrari has produced the most World Championship winning drivers with 15.

__TOC__

By season 

Notes 

Bold indicates the team also won the Constructors' Championship (awarded since 1958).
# The 1952 and 1953 championships were run to Formula Two regulations. The 1961 - 1965 championships were run with former Formula Two regulations.
# Fangio competed in the 1954 Argentine and Belgian Grands Prix with Maserati, then completed the season with Mercedes.
# Rindt's championship was confirmed two rounds after he had been killed in an accident during qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix.
# Michael Schumacher scored 78 points during the 1997 season, 3 points behind Villeneuve, but was ejected from the championship for deliberately colliding with Villeneuve in the final race of the season, the European Grand Prix. This left Villeneuve with a 39-point margin over Heinz-Harald Frentzen with 42 points.

By driver

Drivers in bold have competed in the 2016 World Championship.

By nationality

Drivers in bold have competed in the 2016 World Championship.

By constructor

Constructors in bold have competed in the 2016 World Championship.
# Fangio competed in the 1954 Argentine and Belgian Grands Prix with Maserati, then completed the season with Mercedes. This shared championship is counted for each of these constructors.

By constructor nationality

By engine

Engine manufacturers in bold have competed in the 2016 World Championship.
 Ford Cosworth 

 TAG Porsche 

By tyre manufacturer

Tyre manufacturers in bold have competed in the 2016 World Championship. Numbers in parentheses indicate championships won as the sole tyre supplier.

Notes

# Goodyear was the sole tyre supplier for the 1987, 1988 & 1992–1996 seasons
# Bridgestone was the sole tyre supplier for the 1999, 2000 & 2007–2010 seasons
# Pirelli was the sole tyre supplier for the 2011–2016 seasons
# Fangio competed in the 1954 Argentine and Belgian Grands Prix on Pirelli with Maserati, then completed the season on Continental with Mercedes
# Ascari competed in the 1952 Indianapolis 500 on Firestone tyres, then completed the season on Pirelli

Records

Youngest Drivers' Champion

* Bold text indicates driver has competed in the 2016 World Championship
** Measured at the race where the driver secured the championship

Oldest Drivers' Champion

Consecutive Drivers' Championships

Ten drivers have achieved consecutive wins in the Formula One Drivers' Championship.  Of those, Michael Schumacher is the only driver to have won two sets of consecutive Formula One Drivers' Championships.

Bold text indicates driver has competed in the 2016 World Championship.
Question:
What is the name of the only Italian who has won the world motor racing drivers championship?
Answer:
Alberto Ascari
Passage:
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer ...
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer spree
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer spree
* Premier League leads way as soccer clubs splash TV cash
* Real Madrid and Barcelona defy Spain's economic downturn
* Clubs seen complying with UEFA rules despite investment
By Keith Weir
LONDON, Sept 3 (Reuters) - European soccer clubs have reinvested cash from television deals to go on a record-breaking summer spending spree led by teams from the English Premier League and Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Clubs in the English top flight had spent 630 million pounds ($980.5 million) by the player transfer deadline on Monday night. Teams in the big European leagues must now wait until January before they can hire new players.
The spending by English clubs broke the 2008 record of 500 million pounds, according to figures compiled by business services group Deloitte, and underlined the Premier League's status as the world's richest national competition.
"As the financial rewards for participation and success in the Premier League increase, so it follows that clubs are investing on the pitch to ensure they continue to benefit from the remarkable Premier League growth story," Deloitte's Dan Jones said.
Champions Manchester United and the other 19 Premier League teams are expected to share revenues of about 1.6 billion pounds this season thanks to enhanced television deals with BSkyB and BT in Britain, and broadcasters around the globe that began last month.
It was not all one-way traffic as the Premier League lost one of its biggest names when Real Madrid bought Welshman Gareth Bale from Tottenham Hotspur for a world record 100 million euros ($132 million).
Not to be outdone, Real's perennial rivals Barcelona spent $75 million to buy Brazil forward Neymar from Brazilian top division club Santos.
PLAYING FAIR?
Spending such sums might appear to defy logic given Spain's economic problems but Real and Barcelona enjoy the luxury of doing their own TV deals rather than pooling revenues as happens in England and other major leagues.
That has made the two clubs the world's richest in terms of revenues and allowed them to remain buyers when many of their Spanish rivals are forced to sell their best players.
Real and Barcelona have TV deals with Spanish production and distribution company Mediapro. They both also have lucrative new main sponsorship deals this season - Barcelona with Qatar Airways and Real with the Emirates airline names on their kit.
Overall spending levels may also raise eyebrows when loss-making clubs are supposed to be complying with new Financial Fair Play rules introduced by UEFA, European soccer's governing body, to put soccer on a more stable footing.
"A lot of English clubs have gone on a spending spree but they haven't breached the Financial Fair Play rules as they are only spending what they have earned," said Simon Chadwick, a professor of sports business at England's Coventry University.
Clubs also have the advantage of spreading the cost of a player's transfer over the duration of his contract in their accounts, lessening the impact on the bottom line.
Many clubs also offload players to help fund spending.
Real Madrid are a case in point - recouping half of what they paid for Bale by selling German international Mesut Ozil to Premier League Arsenal.
Indeed, the total invested by Premier League clubs comes down to 400 million pounds when proceeds from sales such as that of Bale are factored in.
Spanish clubs actually generated a surplus of 95 million pounds from player trading this summer, according to Deloitte, while clubs from Italy's cash-strapped Serie A also posted a small profit.
Reblog
Question:
According to a survey carried out by Deloittes early in 2009, which was the world's richest soccer club at that time?
Answer:
Real madrid cf
Passage:
Patti Davis
Patti Davis (born October 21, 1952) is an American actress and author. She is the daughter of U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Reagan's second wife, First Lady Nancy Reagan.

Early life

Patricia Ann Reagan was born to Ronald and Nancy Reagan on October 21, 1952, in Los Angeles, California. She is the older sister of Ron Reagan, the half-sister of Michael Reagan and the late Maureen Reagan.  She went to grade school at The John Thomas Dye School in Bel Air, and graduated from the Orme School of Arizona in 1970.  She attended Northwestern University from 1970–71, where she studied Creative Writing and Drama. She then went to the University of Southern California for two years.  She changed her last name to her mother's maiden name, Davis, in an effort to have an independent career.   She was active in the anti-nuclear movement before her father was elected president, and continued her activism through his term, stirring controversy and creating strife in the family.

Acting, modeling and writing careers

In the early 1980s, Davis acted in a few television shows before getting her first publishing deal.  In 1986, she published her first novel, Home Front.  She used elements of her own life to create a fictional story, and because of that the book became controversial and she was widely criticized.  Following her second novel Deadfall, she wrote an autobiography called The Way I See It, in which she revealed many family dramas and secrets.  She has since spoken publicly about her regrets over writing that book. 

Davis posed for Playboy magazine with a "Full Frontal" view, in the July 1994 issue. This issue of the magazine also displays Davis on the cover. This particular issue is considered to be one of the magazine's most controversial covers. Davis has posed for other magazines such as More in 2011.

When her father was diagnosed with Alzheimer's she began writing The Long Goodbye.  It was published in 2004.  During that time, she began writing for magazines and newspapers, including The New York Times, Newsweek and Time.  Her original screenplay, Spring Thaw, became the 2007 Hallmark Channel movie Sacrifices of the Heart starring Melissa Gilbert and Ken Howard. 

Personal life

In the 1970s, Davis lived with Eagles guitarist Bernie Leadon. Together they cowrote the song "I Wish You Peace" which appeared on the Eagles album One of These Nights.   In the 1980s, she dated Timothy Hutton and later had a two-year relationship with Peter Strauss.  In 1984, she married Paul Grilley, a yoga instructor. They divorced in 1990.

In 2011, she launched "Beyond Alzheimer's" at UCLA, which she still runs.  

Bibliography

*Home Front.  Crown, 1986.  ISBN 0-517-55952-8.  (quasi-novel)
*Deadfall.  Crown, 1989.  ISBN 0-517-57405-5.  (novel)
*A House of Secrets.  Carol, 1991.  ISBN 1-55972-082-4.  (quasi-novel)
*The Way I See It: An Autobiography.  Putnam, 1992.  ISBN 0-399-13748-3.
*Bondage.  Simon & Schuster, 1994.  ISBN 0-671-86953-1.  (novel)
*Angels Don't Die: My Father's Gift of Faith.  Harper Collins, 1995.  ISBN 0-06-017324-6.
*The Long Goodbye.  Knopf, 2004.  ISBN 0-679-45092-0.
*Two Cats and the Woman They Own.  Chronicle Books, 2006.  ISBN 0-8118-5166-4.
*The Lives Our Mothers Leave Us.  Hay House, 2009.  ISBN 1401921620.
*Till Human Voices Wake Us. CreateSpace, KDP, 2013.  ISBN  1483990044. (novel)
*The Blue Hour. CreateSpace, KDP, 2013. ISBN 1492144479. (novel)
*The Wit and Widsom of Grace. Huqua Press, 2014.  ISBN 0-983812055   
*The Earth Breaks in Colors.  Huqua Press, 2014.  ISBN 0-990696642 (novel)
Question:
"Which former President of the USA was the father of American actress and author Patti Davis, who was called the ""black sheep"" of the family and had many well publicised conflicts with her parents?"
Answer:
President Regan
Passage:
Tar River
The Tar River is a river that is approximately 346 km long, of northeast North Carolina flowing generally southeast to an estuary of Pamlico Sound.  The Tar River becomes the tidal Pamlico River once it underpasses the U.S. Highway 17 Bridge in Washington, North Carolina.

North Carolina was originally a naval stores colony—that is, the blanket of long leaf pines that covered the coastal plain was used by the British Navy for ships' masts and the pine pitch was used to manufacture tar caulking for vessels.  The river derives its name from its historic use as a major route for tar-laden barges as they headed to the sea. The city of Tarboro is on the banks of the river. Recent research conducted by East Carolina University, Greenville and Pitt County historians has uncovered documentation noting that before the Civil War, the North Carolina Legislature had appropriated funds to construct dams and locks on the Tar River in an attempt to facilitate almost year round navigation for the farm products and naval stores shipping plus passenger boats which were travelling between Tarboro, through Greenville to Washington.

Among the towns and cities along its course are Louisburg, Rocky Mount, Tarboro, and Greenville.  The village of Old Sparta was formerly an important riverport on the Tar, but has declined in the 20th century.

One account of the significance of the river's name comes from the Civil War. "It may have been inspired by an incident back in North Carolina. As the Confederates prepared to evacuate Washington, NC, in March 1862, they sent squads up and down the Tar River to destroy all the stocks of cotton and naval stores which had been prepared by the small farms along the river, to prevent them from falling into the hands of the Union soldiers. At Taft’s store they found over 1,000 barrels of turpentine and tar. The amount was too large to burn, as it would take several houses with it. So the barrels were rolled into the river, where the hoops were cut in two and the contents dumped into the river. Three months later, in June, four hundred Union prisoners of war were sent from Salisbury, NC to Washington, NC, to be exchanged for Confederate prisoners. Before coming into Washington, the soldiers asked permission to bathe in the river and clean themselves up. Guards were posted along the river banks, and the prisoners were allowed to strip then wade into the river to wash. Instead, they stirred up the river bottom so much that the tar smeared their bodies completely, each man coming out of the water with a stick to scour the tar off their bodies and legs. One Confederate yelled out, “Hello boys, what’s the matter?” The reply from the disgusted Yankee soldier was, “We have heard of Tar River all our lives but never believed that there really was any such place, but damned if we haven’t found it, the whole bed of it is tar!” 

The river was strongly affected by Hurricane Floyd in 1999 and caused much flooding in the area. The Tar River suffered the worst flooding from the hurricane, exceeding 500-year flood levels along its lower stretches; it crested 24 feet (7.3 m) above flood stage.
When the river flooded in 1999, the height in Greenville was approximately 30 ft.
Question:
Which American state is nicknamed Tar Heel or Old North State
Answer:
N. Carolina
Passage:
Zygomatic bone
In the human skull, the zygomatic bone (cheekbone or malar bone) is a paired bone which articulates with the maxilla, the temporal bone, the sphenoid bone and the frontal bone. It is situated at the upper and lateral part of the face and forms the prominence of the cheek, part of the lateral wall and floor of the orbit, and parts of the temporal and infratemporal fossa. It presents a malar and a temporal surface; four processes, the frontosphenoidal, orbital, maxillary, and temporal; and four borders.

Structure 

Surfaces 

The malar surface is convex and perforated near its center by a small aperture, the zygomaticofacial foramen, for the passage of the zygomaticofacial nerve and vessels; below this foramen is a slight elevation, which gives origin to the zygomaticus muscle.

The temporal surface, directed posteriorly and medially, is concave, presenting medially a rough, triangular area, for articulation with the maxilla (articular surface), and laterally a smooth, concave surface, the upper part of which forms the anterior boundary of the temporal fossa, the lower a part of the infratemporal fossa. Near the center of this surface is the zygomaticotemporal foramen for the transmission of the zygomaticotemporal nerve.

The orbital surface forms the lateral part and some of the inferior part of the bony orbit. The zygomatic nerve passes through the zygomatic-orbital foramen on this surface. The lateral palpebral ligament attaches to a small protuberance called the orbital tubercle.

Processes 

Each zygomatic bone is diamond-shaped and composed of three processes with similarly named associated bony articulations: frontal, temporal, and maxillary. Each process of the zygomatic bone forms important structures of the skull.

The orbital surface of the frontal process of the zygomatic bone forms the anterior lateral orbital wall, with usually a small paired foramen, the zygomaticofacial foramen opening on its lateral surface. The temporal process of the zygomatic bone forms the zygomatic arch along with the zygomatic process of the temporal bone, with a paired zygomaticotemporal foramen present on the medial deep surface of the bone. The orbital surface of the maxillary process of the zygomatic bone forms a part of the infraorbital rim and a small part of the anterior part of the lateral orbital wall. 

Borders 

The antero-superior or orbital border is smooth, concave, and forms a considerable part of the circumference of the orbit.

The antero-inferior or maxillary border is rough, and bevelled at the expense of its inner table, to articulate with the maxilla; near the orbital margin it gives origin to the Quadratus labii superioris.

The postero-superior or temporal border, curved like an italic letter f, is continuous above with the commencement of the temporal line, and below with the upper border of the zygomatic arch; the temporal fascia is attached to it.

The postero-inferior or zygomatic border affords attachment by its rough edge to the Masseter.

Articulations 

The zygomatic articulates with four bones: the frontal, sphenoid, temporal, and maxilla.

Development

The zygomatic bone is generally described as ossifying from three centers— one for the malar and two for the orbital portion; these appear about the eighth week and fuse about the fifth month of fetal life.

Mall describes it as being ossified from one center which appears just beneath and to the lateral side of the orbit.

After birth, the bone is sometimes divided by a horizontal suture into an upper larger, and a lower smaller division.

In some quadrumana the zygomatic bone consisted of two parts, an orbital and a malar.

Society and culture

High cheekbones are pronounced zygomatic arches, causing the upper part of the cheeks to jut out and form a line cut into the sides of the face. High cheekbones, forming a symmetrical face shape, are very common in fashion models and are considered a beauty trait in both males and females. 

Etymology 

The term zygomatic derives from the Greek Ζυγόμα zygoma meaning "yoke".  The zygomatic bone is occasionally referred to as the zygoma, but this term may also refer to the zygomatic arch. The zygomatic is homologous to the jugal bone of other tetrapods.

Additional images 

In other animals 

In non-mammalian vertebrates, the zygomatic bone is referred to as the jugal bone, since these animals have no zygomatic arch. It is  found in most reptiles, amphibians, and birds. It is connected to the quadratojugal and maxilla, as well as other bones, which may vary by species.

This bone is considered key in the determination of general traits of the skull, as in the case of creatures, such as dinosaurs in paleontology, whose entire skull has not been found. In coelacanths and early tetrapods the bone is relatively large. Here, it is a plate-like bone forming the lower margin of the orbit and much of the side of the face. In ray-finned fishes it is reduced or absent, and the entire cheek region is generally small. The bone is also absent in living amphibians.

With the exception of turtles, the jugal bone in reptiles forms a relatively narrow bar separating the orbit from the inferior temporal fenestra, of which it may also form the lower boundary. The bone is similarly reduced in birds. In mammals, it takes on broadly the form seen in humans, with the bar between the orbit and fenestra vanishing entirely, and only the lower boundary of the fenestra remaining, as the zygomatic arch.
Question:
The zygomatic bone is the medical name for which bone of the human body?
Answer:
Os zygomaticus
Passage:
Terry Hall (ventriloquist)
Terence "Terry" Hall (20 November 1926 – 3 April 2007) was an English ventriloquist. He appeared regularly on television with his puppet, Lenny the Lion, whose catchphrase was "Aw, don't embawass me!" Hall is credited as being one of the first ventriloquists to use a non-human puppet.
Hall was born in Chadderton, Lancashire, where his parents ran a working men's club. He was educated at St Patrick's School in Oldham and at De La Salle College in Pendleton, Salford. Hall initially worked as a ventriloquist with a boy dummy, named Mickey Finn, and won a talent show aged 15.

Hall created Lenny the Lion in 1954 after he visited the zoo while working at the summer season in Blackpool. Lenny was made from an old fox fur and papier-mâché, with a golf ball for the nose. He originally had a mouthful of fearsome teeth, but they were removed at the suggestion of singer Anne Shelton to avoid scaring children in the audience.

Hall and Lenny first appeared on BBC Television in 1956, in a variety show entitled Dress Rehearsal that also signalled Eric Sykes's television debut. The Lenny the Lion Show ran on from 1957 to 1960, followed by Lenny's Den in 1959 to 1961, and the pop music show Pops and Lenny in 1962 to 1963. Hall visited the United States in 1958, making his debut on The Ed Sullivan Show with Lenny that year. Hall and Lenny remained popular throughout the 1960s, appearing on stage in Blackpool and on television. The Beatles made one of their early TV appearances in a 1963 episode of Pops and Lenny, singing "From Me to You" and "Please, Please Me." David Bowie's father, Hayward Jones, worked on the show, and launched the Lenny the Lion Fan Club. Lenny advertised Trebor mints for three years. Hall released a single, "Lenny's Bath Time", in 1963.

In spite of the fact that Hall was a staunch Oldham Athletic fan, during the 1957-58 English football season, Hall took Lenny to the Den (old) which was then the home of Millwall F.C. and allowed Lenny to pose with his "fellow Lions" for publicity shots, much to the delight of all present in the ground. 

Hall and Lenny continued to work in variety through the 1970s, appearing on television in programmes such as Crackerjack and 3-2-1.  From 1977 to 1980, Hall regularly appeared in the educational television programme Reading With Lenny. He wrote the Kevin the Kitten series of children's reading books which accompanied the series. 

Hall married twice. He had two daughters from his first marriage. He married a second time in 1980, to dance teacher Denise Francis. He suffered from Alzheimer's disease in later life, and died in 2007 in Coventry. Dr Harry Brünjes, a long-standing family friend, gave the eulogy at the service.
Question:
British television puppet Lenny the Lion belonged to which ventriloquist?
Answer:
Hall, Terry
Passage:
Natatorium
A natatorium (plural: natatoria) is a building containing a swimming pool.  In Latin, a cella natatoria was a swimming pool in its own building, although it is sometimes also used to refer to any indoor pool even if not housed in a dedicated building (e.g., a pool in a school or a fitness club).  It will usually also house locker rooms, and perhaps allied activities, such as a diving tank or facilities for water polo. Many colleges, universities and high schools have natatoria.
Gallery

File:West Baden Springs Hotel swimming pool.JPG|West Baden Springs Hotel Natatorium, West Baden Springs, Indiana
File:Natatorium Pool, Waco, Texas.jpg|Natatorium Pool, Waco, Texas (postcard, circa 1907-1924)
File:Olney Indoor Swim Center 1.jpg|The Graham S. Little Natatorium, otherwise known as Olney Indoor Swim Center, in Olney, Maryland.
File:Plaza of Natatorium.jpg|Flushing Meadows Natatorium, Queens, New York
Question:
A natatorium is an indoor ‘what’?
Answer:
Spa pool
