Passage:
Midway | Define Midway at Dictionary.com
Midway | Define Midway at Dictionary.com
midway
[adverb, adjective mid-wey; noun mid-wey] /adverb, adjective ˈmɪdˈweɪ; noun ˈmɪdˌweɪ/
Spell
in the middle of the way or distance; halfway.
noun
a place or part situated midway.
3.
(often initial capital letter) the place or way, as at a fair or carnival, on or along which sideshows and similar amusements are located.
4.
the amusements, concessions, etc., located on or around this place or way.
Origin of midway
Old English
900
before 900; Middle English midwei, Old English midweg; see mid 1, way 1; def. 3 and 4 after the Midway Plaisance, the main thoroughfare of the World Columbian Exposition, held in Chicago in 1893
Midway
noun
1.
several U.S. islets in the N Pacific, about 1300 miles (2095 km) NW of Hawaii: Japanese defeated in a naval battle June, 1942; 2 sq. mi. (5 sq. km).
2.
Examples from the Web for midway
Expand
ISIS and BS Amal Ghandour October 14, 2014
Historical Examples
midway round the pole they place a lesser globe, binding it with purple fillets, but the end of the pole is decked with saffron.
Capitola's Peril Mrs. E.D.E.N. Southworth
People of every sort crowded to see the popular Eskimo Encampment on the midway.
A Labrador Doctor Wilfred Thomason Grenfell
British Dictionary definitions for midway
Expand
in or at the middle of the distance; halfway
noun
(US & Canadian) a place in a fair, carnival, etc, where sideshows are located
3.
(obsolete) a middle place, way, etc
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for midway
Expand
n.
Old English mid-weg "the middle of a way or distance;" see mid + way (n.). Meaning "central avenue of a fairground" is first recorded 1893, American English, in reference to the Midway Plaisance of the Worlds Columbian Exposition held that year in Chicago. The Pacific island group so called for being midway between America and Asia. As an adverb from late Old English.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
"What is ""Midway"", the site of the Battle of Midway?"
Answer:
Pacific Ocean Island
Passage:
hinduism - Hindu trinity= Vishnu, shiva, and brahma ...
hinduism - Hindu trinity= Vishnu, shiva, and brahma Different aspects of the
hinduism
hinduism - Hindu trinity= Vishnu, shiva, and brahma...
SCHOOL
View Full Document
Hindu trinity= Vishnu, shiva, and brahma Different aspects of the trinity and is a distinct threefold nature Each god in the hindu trinity has his own consort. Most important of these is lakshmi, the goddess of love, beauty, and delight. Lakshmi is also the consort of Vishnu. While Hinduism acceptd many gods as deities, there is only one god who is recognized as the supreme being. According to hindu tradition, brahma, shiva, and Vishnu are three different gods that together make up the supreme being. Yet these three gods also take part in the processes of creation, destruction, and the preservation of life. In the same way, there are other gods in the hindu religion that are different aspects of the supreme being, and each of these gods and goddesses manifest themselves as having different purposes. Paramatman is the supreme self or god. The hindu god Vishnu is manifested in different forms called avatars. These avatars embody human and animal forms, possessing great supernatural powers. It is important for one to understand that these avatars are the earthly form of the god
This is the end of the preview. Sign up to                                     access the rest of the document.
TERM
Question:
Which three gods make up the Hindu Trinity
Answer:
Brahma, Shiva and Vishnu
Passage:
Centimetre
A centimetre (international spelling as used by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures; symbol cm) or centimeter (American spelling) is a unit of length in the metric system, equal to one hundredth of a metre, centi being the SI prefix for a factor of .  The centimetre was the base unit of length in the now deprecated centimetre–gram–second (CGS) system of units.

Though for many physical quantities, SI prefixes for factors of 103—like milli- and kilo-—are often preferred by technicians, the centimetre remains a practical unit of length for many everyday measurements. A centimetre is approximately the width of the fingernail of an average adult person.

Equivalence to other units of length

One 1 millilitre is defined as one cubic centimetre, under the SI system of units.

Other uses

In addition to its use in the measurement of length, the centimetre is used:
* sometimes, to report the level of rainfall as measured by a rain gauge [http://www.weathershack.com/education/rain-measurement.html Rain Measurement, Rain Gauge, Wireless Rain Gauge, Rain Gage, Rain Gauge Data]
* in the CGS system, the centimetre is used to measure capacitance, where 1 cm of capacitance =  farads[http://scienceworld.wolfram.com/physics/Capacitance.html Capacitance - from Eric Weisstein's World of Physics]
* in  maps, centimetres are used to make conversions from map scale to real world scale (kilometres)
* to represent second moment of areas (cm4)
* as the inverse of the kayser, a CGS unit, and thus a non-SI metric unit of wavenumber:  1 kayser 1 wave per centimetre; or, more generally, (wavenumber in kaysers) 
 1/(wavelength in centimetres). The SI unit of wavenumber is the inverse metre, m−1.

Unicode symbols

For the purposes of compatibility with Chinese, Japanese and Korean (CJK) characters, Unicode has symbols for: 
* centimetre (㎝) – code 339D
* square centimetre (㎠) – code 33A0
* cubic centimetre (㎤) – code 33A4

They are mostly used only with East Asian fixed-width CJK fonts, because they are equal in size to one Chinese character.
Question:
How many centimetres are there in a 'Hand', the measurement used on horses?
Answer:
10
Passage:
Orcombe Point
Orcombe Point is a coastal feature near Exmouth, Devon, on the south coast of England. It lies about 16 km south of the city of Exeter, 3 km southeast of Exmouth town centre and about 12 km southwest of Sidmouth. 

Directly to the west lies Exmouth Beach and to the east is Sandy Bay, a holiday beach, that can be reached either along the coastal path or through the large caravan park. The two beaches are part of a long strip of sand and are connected to each other below Orcombe Point at low tide.

Sited high upon the hill, which affords spectacular views, Orcombe Point is marked by the "Geoneedle", which was unveiled by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in 2002, at the inauguration. The artist whose conceived and designed the "Geoneedle" sculpture was Michael Fairfax.   He also conceived and designed the "Exeter Riddle" in Exeter. The Geoneedle is constructed from a variety of different stones, representing both the major building stones to be found on the Jurassic Coast and the sequence of rocks that form this part of the coastline.

Geology 

The rocks dip gently to the east. Due to this tilting and erosion the oldest exposed rocks are found here in the west, with progressively younger rocks forming the cliffs further east. The coastal exposures along the coastline provide a continuous sequence of Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous rock formations spanning approximately 185 million years of the Earth's history. The localities along the Jurassic Coast includes a large range of important fossil zones. 

Orcombe Point is the western end of the Jurassic Coast[http://www.jurassiccoast.com/downloads/jurassic_coast_miniguide.pdf Official Jurassic Coast Miniguide]. and the South West Coast Path includes the entire length of the site.

The ascent to Orcombe Point shows the successive layers of different sedimentary rocks, which were deposited under varying geological conditions. At the base are cross-bedded sandstones. Towards the top, the rock types are those deposited by quieter, slower-flowing waters (i.e. siltstones and mudstones). The sediments are markedly red and this indicates that they were formed in a desert. These formations belong to the "Aylesbeare Mudstone Group" and date from the Triassic period 250 million years ago.
Question:
What name is given to the coast between Orcombe Point near Exmouth and Old Harry Rocks near Swanage?
Answer:
Mesozoic Coast
Passage:
I hate nobody except Hitler — and that is professional.
I hate nobody except Hitler — and that is professional.
Died: January 24, 1965 (aged 90)
Nationality: English
Occupation: Statesman
Bio: Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill was a British Conservative politician and statesman known for his leadership of the United Kingdom during the Second World War. Widely regarded as one of the greatest wartime leaders of the century, he served as Prime Minister twice.
Question:
"Who said ""I hate nobody except Hitler - and that is professional'?"
Answer:
Tango (cat)
Passage:
Laughing policemen in trouble for sledging – using a riot ...
Laughing policemen in trouble for sledging – using a riot shield | UK news | The Guardian
Laughing policemen in trouble for sledging – using a riot shield
Thames Valley officers reprimanded after fun video posted on YouTube
Laughing policemen in trouble for sledging – using a riot shield
Thames Valley officers reprimanded after fun video posted on YouTube
Thursday 14 January 2010 10.42 EST
First published on Thursday 14 January 2010 10.42 EST
Pinterest
We all know the feeling. The snowy slopes beckon and the urge to hurtle down them takes over but there is no sledge available. So you grab a tea tray, an old bag, a coat – or, if you are a police officer, a riot shield.
A group of officers from Thames Valley police have been reprimanded after one showed his ability to improvise by using a shield to fly down a hill in Oxfordshire.
Urged on by colleagues, he sat on the riot shield, grabbed on to the handles that could have been designed for this purpose and shot down the hill to hoots of laughter. Unfortunately for the officers, the escapade was filmed by an onlooker and posted on YouTube . The officers' bosses were not amused.
Superintendent Andrew Murray, Oxford city commander, said: "The snow has a habit of bringing out the child in all of us. I have spoken to the officers concerned and reminded them in no uncertain terms that tobogganing on duty, on police equipment and at taxpayers' expense, is a very bad idea should they wish to progress under my command."
The incident happened on Boars Hill in Oxford. The 41-second clip shows five or six officers, some also recording the adventure on their own cameras, in the snowy field, a police van parked in the background. One of the officers plonks the shield on the slope and is advised by another to hold on to the handles. He settles himself, holds tight and then two pals give him an almighty push.
Squealing, the officer slides off, one of his colleagues advising him: "Whatever happens, keep smiling." The shield proves to be an effective sledge, even skipping over a ditch at the foot of the hill.
Rick Latham, who filmed the clip on Tuesday, initially thought police were going to tell him off for attempting to get down the slope in a kayak. "They pulled up and we thought they were going to give us a hard time. Then they asked how slippery the snow was and one of them grabbed the shield. I asked if I could film it and they said that was fine. They said something like 'We're only human'."
Latham said he hoped the officers were not severely reprimanded. "You don't always build up the most positive image of the police but they broke the mould. They were chatty and pleasant. It was just nice to see them in that situation."
Weather forecasters warn of heavy rain in western England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland
Published: 14 Jan 2010
Where do all those thousands of tonnes of rock salt end up, asks Leo Hickman
Published: 13 Jan 2010
Editorial: Feeding birds this month offers a rare chance to see redpolls, yellowhammers and tree sparrows among the robins, finches and tits that more often make up backyard populations. It will also keep them alive
Published: 13 Jan 2010
First we loved it, but now the novelty has turned to slush
Published: 13 Jan 2010
Question:
In the UK snow of January 2010 a Thames Valley policeman was reprimanded for sledging on duty down a slope on his what?
Answer:
Riot shields
Passage:
Athos (character)
Athos, Count de la Fère, is a fictional character in the novels The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After, and The Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas, père.  He is a highly fictionalised version of the historical musketeer Armand de Sillègue d'Athos d'Autevielle (1615–1644).

In the novels

In The Three Musketeers, he and the other two musketeers, Porthos and Aramis, are friends of the novel's protagonist, d'Artagnan. He has a mysterious past connecting him with the villain of the novel, Milady de Winter. In one part of the book, he drunkenly implicates himself as the murderer of a sixteen-year-old girl, which disturbs d'Artagnan.

The oldest by some years, Athos is described as noble and handsome but also very secretive, drowning his secret sorrows in drink. He is very protective of d'Artagnan, the youngest, whom he treats as a son.

By the end of the novel, it is revealed that he is the Count de la Fère, who was Milady's husband before she married the Baron de Winter.

In the latter two novels, he is openly known as the Count de la Fère and is the adopted father of the young hero, Raoul, vicomte de Bragelonne (and it is ultimately revealed that he is his biological father as well). In Twenty Years After, it is left uncertain whether Athos is the father of Mordaunt (John Francis de Winter, son of Milady). Mordaunt attempts to avenge the death of his mother by killing those responsible. However, he himself dies while he and Athos struggle in the middle of the English Channel. Athos himself almost drowns in this struggle as well causing Aramis, Porthos, and d'Artagnan to lament his death for a few moments before he resurfaces.

Athos' first name is never told in the novels. However, in Dumas' play "The Youth of the Musketeers," the young Milady, then named Charlotte, calls the then Vicomte de la Fère, Olivier.

Sources

The fictional Athos is named after the historical musketeer Armand de Sillègue d'Athos d'Autevielle, though they have little in common beyond the name. His birthplace is the commune of Athos-Aspis in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. The name also resembles Mount Athos, which is referred to in chapter 13 of The Three Musketeers in which a Bastille guard says, "But that is not a man's name; that is the name of a mountain."  His title, Count de la Fère, while invented, is tied to the domains of La Fère which were once owned by Anne of Austria, Queen of France in these novels and in the historical period in which they are set.

In film and television

Actors who have played Athos on screen include:
*Herbert Delmar, in The Three Musketeers: Parts I and II (1911)
*Alfred Hollingsworth, in The Three Musketeers  (1916)
*Henri Rollan, in Les trois mousquetaires (1921)
*Léon Bary, in The Three Musketeers (1921) and The Iron Mask (1929)
*Henri Rollan, in Les Trois Mousquetaires (1933)
*Paul Lukas, in The Three Musketeers (1935)
*Van Heflin, in The Three Musketeers (1948)
*John Hubbard, in The Three Musketeers (1950)
*Steve Brodie, in Lady in the Iron Mask (1952)
*Jean Martinelli, in Les Trois Mousquetaires (1953)
*Paul Hansard, in The Three Musketeers (1954)
*Domenico Modugno, in The Three Musketeers (1956)
*Barry Morse, in The Three Musketeers (TV movie) (1960)
*Georges Descrières, in Les Trois Mousquetaires: La Vengeance de Milady (1961) and Les Trois Mousquetaires: Les Ferrets de la Reine (1961)
*Franco Fantasia, in D’Artagnan contro i tre moschettieri (1963)
*Jeremy Watson, in The Three Musketeers (1966)
*Jeremy Young, in The Further Adventures of the Three Musketeers (1967)
*Erik Maes, in Die Drie Musketiers (1968)
*Powys Thomas, in The Three Musketeers (1969)
*Yvan Tanguy, in Les Quatre Charlots Mousquetaires (1971)
*Oliver Reed, in The Three Musketeers (1973), The Four Musketeers (1974), and The Return of the Musketeers (1989)
*Veniamin Smekhov, in D'Artanyan i Tri Mushketyora (1978), Mushketyory 20 let spustya (1992), and Tayna Korolevy Anny ili Mushketyory 30 Let Spustya (1993)
*José Ferrer, in The Fifth Musketeer (1979)
*Akira Kamiya, in Anime San Jushi (1987)
*Kiefer Sutherland, in The Three Musketeers (1993)
*Jean-Luc Bideau, in Revenge of the Musketeers (1994)
*Edward Albert, in an early 1998 film of The Man in the Iron Mask
*John Malkovich, in The Man in the Iron Mask (1998)
*Gordon Carpenter, in Three Musketeers (1999)
*Scott Hickman, in Young Blades (2001) (unaired TV series pilot)
*Jan Gregor Kremp, in The Musketeer (2001)
*Christopher Cazenove, in La Femme Musketeer (TV miniseries) (2003)
*Heino Ferch, in D'Artagnan et les trois mousquetaires (2005)
*Matthew Macfadyen, in The Three Musketeers (2011)
*Tom Burke, in The Musketeers (TV series) (2014–present)
Question:
Who are Athos, Porthos, and Aramis?
Answer:
Trois Mousquetaires
Passage:
Sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Robison step out with the ...
Sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Robison step out with the Hounds - Houston Chronicle
Sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Robison step out with the Hounds
HECTOR SALDAÑA, San Antonio Express-News
Published 5:30 am, Monday, May 3, 2010
Photo: COLUMBIA RECORDS
Close
Image 1 of 1
Martie Maguire, left, and her sister Emily Robison, best known as two-thirds of the Dixie Chicks, have released an album of Americana pop and folk-rock, Court Yard Hounds.
Martie Maguire, left, and her sister Emily Robison, best known as two-thirds of the Dixie Chicks, have released an album of Americana pop and folk-rock, Court Yard Hounds.
Photo: COLUMBIA RECORDS
Sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Robison step out with the Hounds
1 / 1
Back to Gallery
With the announcement that the Dixie Chicks are hitting the road in June, the Court Yard Hounds are temporarily kenneled.
But the project band fronted by Dixie Chicks Emily Robison and her sister Martie Maguire, which plays Lilith Fair this summer, is hardly muzzled.
“Let's just say, the two entities are both alive,” Robison said.
Most notably, the Court Yard Hounds' self-titled debut album of Americana pop and folk-rock is out today.
Robison, in public pegged as “the quiet one,” is especially close to the new album, calling it “very satisfying,” “a shot in the arm” and “kind of a high.”
She wrote and co-wrote most of the highly personal songs (some of them about her divorce from alt-country singer Charlie Robison and some set in San Antonio) settling easily into the role of lead singer.
“It feels natural,” said Robison a few days before Court Yard Hounds debuted at South By Southwest Music & Media Conference in March. “We'd never done something, just the two of us.”
Well, with some friends. Joining them that first night onstage at Antone's in Austin was Jakob Dylan .
Natural, perhaps. But definitely not easy.
“It was definitely baby steps to get used to the whole idea of stepping away and doing a side project. I'm still trying to find my comfort zone. It's a whole new learning curve,” Robison said.
“But it's fun. There's something exciting and fun about pushing yourself to do something you haven't done before.”
This coming from the Dixie Chick who, in high school, went through a heavy-metal phase, hitting bluegrass festivals on weekends and watching MTV 's Headbanger's Ball during the week.
She described the group's bouncy new single, The Coast, as “a South Texas thing.” Namely, Port Aransas and Rockport.
“People that aren't from Texas go, ‘Is that about the East Coast or the West Coast?' Neither,” she said. “When you're from Austin or San Antonio, or whatever, you just go ‘the coast.' ”
Compared to a typical Dixie Chicks project, the Court Yard Hounds, with its fun hints of Shawn Colvin and Sheryl Crow , was recorded quickly.
“It was on warp speed compared to how we do Chicks' records, but I think it was based on a lot of the songs being written already,” Robison explained. “In the past, we'd kind of still been writing stuff while we'd been in the studio with the Chicks. And budget probably had a lot to do with it.”
Why make the Court Yard Hounds album?
“Martie and I were very frustrated to not be working. Our constitutions require that we be playing. It just makes us happy. And creating is just something that we feed on,” Robison explained.
“To not be doing that was a bit frustrating. It was a way to say, ‘We don't want to put pressure on Natalie to work if she doesn't want to work. But this is something that we can do.' ”
Dylan was brought into the project to sing the duet on See You in the Spring. The song was always conceived for two.“I wrote it as a duet,” Robison said. “We have a lot of mutual friends, but we'd never met (Dylan), and we were fans. When it came to, ‘Who is the male voice on this?' he was at the top of the list.”
Robison said she wrote for two years straight.Some of the lyrics cut close to the bone. “I probably over-shared in certain places,” she said. “But when you're in the little writing room, I wasn't thinking that far ahead.”
The Court Yard Hounds has allowed Robison to rediscover herself and break away from the one-dimensional image within the Dixie Chicks.
“It's kind of fun to start over in a way,” Robison said. “Especially in the Dixie Chicks, everyone wants you to play a role. Natalie was the feisty one. Martie was the nice one 'cause she smiles all the time onstage, and I was the quiet one. Everyone's waiting to see what the quiet one does and what the nice one does. It's just funny.”
Question:
Emily Robinson sang with which pop group?
Answer:
Home on the Radar Range
Passage:
The Lexus and the Olive Tree
The Lexus and the Olive Tree is a 1999 book by Thomas L. Friedman that posits that the world is currently undergoing two struggles: the drive for prosperity and development, symbolized by the Lexus, and the desire to retain identity and traditions, symbolized by the olive tree. He says he came to this realization while eating a sushi box lunch on a Japanese bullet train after visiting a Lexus factory and reading an article about conflict in the Middle East.

Narrative 

Friedman explains "globalization" by recounting stories of his actual experiences in interfacing with many of the global movers and shakers. He proposes that "globalization is not simply a trend or fad but is, rather, an international system. It is the system that has replaced the old Cold War system, and, like that Cold War System, globalization has its own rules and logic that today directly or indirectly influence the politics, environment, geopolitics and economics of virtually every country in the world."

Friedman introduces new terms such as: Microchip Immune Deficiency; The Golden Straightjacket; The Electronic Herd; DOSCapital; The Backlash; The Groundswell.

The "Big Idea" in The Lexus and the Olive Tree is found on page 232 where Friedman explains that: "if you can't see the world, and you can't see the interactions that are shaping the world, you surely cannot strategize about the world." He states that "you need a strategy for how to choose prosperity for your country or company."

Golden Arches theory

Perhaps the most famous theory presented in this book is the capitalist peace theory called the Golden Arches Theory of Conflict Prevention. the following observation was presented:

No two countries that both had McDonald's had fought a war against each other since each got its McDonald's.

He supported that observation, as a theory, by stating that when a country has reached an economic development where it has a middle class strong enough to support a McDonalds network, it would become a "McDonald's country", and will not be interested in fighting wars anymore.

Friedman's point is that due to globalization, countries that have made strong economic ties with one another have too much to lose to ever go to war with one another. Regardless of whether the statement is true, the conclusions to be drawn are unclear. The global expansion of McDonald's restaurants is a relatively recent phenomenon when put into the context of the history of warfare, and, with a few notable exceptions, has proceeded into relatively stable markets.

Shortly after the book was published, NATO bombed Yugoslavia. On the first day of the bombing, McDonald's restaurants in Belgrade were demolished by angry protesters and were rebuilt only after the bombing ended. In the 2000 edition of the book, Friedman argued that this exception proved the rule: the war ended quickly, he argued, partly because the Serbian population did not want to lose their place in a global system "symbolised by McDonald's" (Friedman 2000: 252–253).

Critics have pointed to other conflicts as counterexamples, depending on what one considers "a war":

* The 1989 United States invasion of Panama
* In 1999, India and Pakistan fought a war over Kashmir, known as the Kargil War. Both countries had (and continue to have) McDonald's restaurants. Although the war was not fought in all possible theatres (such as the Rajasthan and Punjab borders), both countries mobilised their military all along their common borders and both countries made threats involving their nuclear capabilities.
* The 2006 war between Israel and Lebanon, following hostilities ongoing since 1973, with South Lebanon occupied until May 2000. (McDonald's franchises were established in Israel and Lebanon in 1993 and 1998, respectively.) However, the Lebanese Armed Forces were not a party to the fighting, the Israel Defense Forces action being taken instead against the paramilitary group Hezbollah.
* The 2008 South Ossetia war between Russia and Georgia. Both countries had McDonald's at the time (restaurants began in the two countries in 1990 and 1999, respectively). 
* The 2014 Crimean crisis between Russia and Ukraine. Both countries had McDonald's at the time.

In the 2000 edition of the book, Friedman answered criticism of his theory as follows:

"I was both amazed and amused by how much the Golden Arches Theory had gotten around and how intensely certain people wanted to prove it wrong. They were mostly realists and out-of-work Cold Warriors who insisted that politics, and the never-ending struggle between nation-states, were the immutable defining feature of international affairs, and they were professionally and psychologically threatened by the idea that globalization and economic integration might actually influence geopolitics in some very new and fundamental ways." 

He also explains how globalization can cause Brazilification—the loss of the middle class and increase in income gap—of countries impacted by the trend. Brazilification is a neologism included in Douglas Coupland's book Generation X.[http://www.scn.org/~jonny/genx.html Generation X Neo-logisms] The expression was used in a similar way by the American writer Michael Lind as "Brazilianisation of America" in his book The Next American Nation and by the German sociologist Ulrich Beck as "Brasilianisierung des Westens" in his book Schöne neue Arbeitswelt (translated title: Brave new world of work).

In 2005, Friedman said that he framed this theory in terms of McDonald's Golden Arches "with tongue slightly in cheek".  In his 2005 book The World is Flat he offered an updated theory he labelled the Dell Theory of Conflict Prevention.
Question:
In his 1999 book The Lexus and the Olive Tree, in what came to be known as the Golden Arches theory, Thomas L. Friedman wrote that no two nations with a McDonald's franchise had ever gone to war. He upgraded this theory in The World is Flat taking the name of what technology company to further underscore the link between strong economic ties and peace?
Answer:
Dell powersave problems
Passage:
What a Waste
"What a Waste" is a song and single by Ian Dury and the Blockheads, originally released in 1978 on the Stiff Records single BUY 27 "What a Waste" / "Wake Up and Make Love with Me". The song has remained in The Blockheads' set following Dury's death.

Essentially a song about being in a job that makes you happy, Dury claimed in a 1984 interview with Penthouse  that while not condemning 9-to-5 jobs, he had written the song to make people question their lives, echoing the sentiments of his earlier single "Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll". The song's verses list a number of things the song's narrator could have been, from a driver, poet, teacher or soldier to an inmate in a long-term institution and the ticket man at Fulham Broadway station before the chorus reveals that instead he chose to 'play the fool in a six-piece band' highlighting some of the pitfalls of this (loneliness specifically), before deciding that 'rock and roll don't mind'.

The song was written following the break-up of Kilburn and the Highroads in a lull between the formation of Ian Dury & the Kilburns and was written with Rod Melvin in mid-1975, two years before it was released. Originally a third writing credit was given to Chaz Jankel (Dury's long-term songwriting companion): this third writing credit has gradually been phased out and the 2004 Edsel Records re-issue of Do it Yourself credits the song to Dury/Melvin solely. However, in Ian Dury & The Blockheads: Song By Song, John Turnbull (guitarist with the Blockheads) claims that the middle instrumental section was brought over from one of the songs four of the The Blockheads had written while they were in their previous band, Loving Awareness.

Dury's first hit, "What A Waste / Wake Up And Make Love With Me" was released in April 1978 just before the start of a headlining tour, entering the Top 75 on 29 April and spent 12 weeks there. It peaked at number 9 in the UK Singles Chart, becoming Stiff Records' biggest selling single to date. A very limited 12" pressing was also released.

The single has most likely contributed to the confusion over exactly what Ian Dury songs are by 'Ian Dury & The Blockheads' including as it did "Wake Up and Make Love with Me" on its B-side: this is not a new version of the song re-recorded by the band but the version from New Boots and Panties!! which is not a Blockheads album (although some of the band do play on it). "What a Waste", however, is a Blockheads track.

On their eponymous album from 1998, English indie rock band, theaudience quote the song in the chorus of 'Running Out Of Space': "It's high time for summer and for honesty / when you're drunk you will sing 'What A Waste'" followed by a short phrase on keyboards based on the chorus guitar riff.

Re-releases and versions

Re-releases

The song was omitted from Do It Yourself in keeping with Dury's then policy of not including singles on albums: the song was not available again until the compilation album Jukebox Dury. The song can be found in abundance today, not only on Dury compilations but on various punk, new wave and rock albums.

"What a Waste" is included as the final track on the Demon Records re-issue of New Boots and Panties!!, and as the first track on the Edsel Records re-issue of Do It Yourself.

Versions

Live versions can be found on both Warts 'n' Audience and Straight from the Desk. Dury re-recorded the song with Curve in 1993 for the Peace Together album. The recording was also included on Curve's 2004 compilation album The Way of Curve.

Although the original single omits the exclamation mark, "What a Waste" is sometimes written with one, including on Live! Warts 'n' Audience.

Part of the bridge section of "What a Waste" was sampled by A Tribe Called Quest on their 1991 single "Can I Kick It?".

Sources

*Sex and Drugs and Rock And Roll: the Life of Ian Dury by Richard Balls, first published 2000, Omnibus Press.
*Ian Dury & The Blockheads: Song by Song by Jim Drury, first published 2003, Sanctuary Publishing.
Question:
In 1978 who had their first UK Top Ten Hit with the song 'What A Waste'?
Answer:
Iain Dury
Passage:
Jernteppe - definition of Jernteppe by The Free Dictionary
Jernteppe - definition of Jernteppe by The Free Dictionary
Jernteppe - definition of Jernteppe by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Jernteppe
Also found in: Thesaurus , Encyclopedia , Wikipedia .
iron curtain
n.
1. often Iron Curtain The military, political, and ideological barrier established between the Soviet bloc and western Europe from 1945 to 1990.
2. A barrier that prevents free exchange of ideas and information: "That department and the editorial department are separated by an almost impenetrable iron curtain" (Brendan Gill).
Iron Curtain
n
(Government, Politics & Diplomacy)
a. (formerly) the guarded border between the countries of the Soviet bloc and the rest of Europe
b. (as modifier): Iron Curtain countries.
i′ron cur′tain
n.
(sometimes caps.) a barrier to understanding and the exchange of information created by the hostility of one country toward another, esp. such a barrier between the Soviet Union or its allies and other countries.
[1920–25]
Iron Curtain
The barrier, political and military, that was considered to separate the Soviet bloc from western Europe after World War II.
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
Noun
1.
iron curtain - an impenetrable barrier to communication or information especially as imposed by rigid censorship and secrecy; used by Winston Churchill in 1946 to describe the demarcation between democratic and communist countries
ideological barrier - a barrier to cooperation or interaction resulting from conflicting ideologies
Translations
Question:
What figurative barrier separated democratic and communist Europe?
Answer:
The Iron Curtain
Passage:
Time changes in year 2016 for United Kingdom – England ...
Time changes in year 2017 for United Kingdom – England – London
Mar 26, 2017 - Daylight Saving Time Starts
When local standard time is about to reach
Sunday, March 26, 2017, 1:00:00 am clocks are turned forward 1 hour to
Sunday, March 26, 2017, 2:00:00 am local daylight time instead
Sunrise and sunset will be about 1 hour later on Mar 26, 2017 than the day before. There will be more light in the evening .
Question:
In the UK the clocks move forward an hour during which month of the year?
Answer:
㋂
Passage:
See No Evil, Hear No Evil
See No Evil, Hear No Evil is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller and produced by Marvin Worth for TriStar Pictures. It stars Richard Pryor as a blind man and Gene Wilder as a deaf man who work together to thwart a trio of murderous thieves. This is the third film reuniting Wilder and Pryor who had appeared previously in Silver Streak (1976) and Stir Crazy (1980).

Plot summary

A blind man named Wally Karew (Richard Pryor) and a deaf man named Dave Lyons (Gene Wilder) meet when Wally applies for a job in Dave's New York City concession shop. 
After a brief period of confusion and antagonism, Wally and Dave become close friends. Dave reads lips and guides Wally when they travel, and Wally tells Dave about invisible sounds and what people say behind his back. At a local bar, Wally defeats an aggressive bully in a fistfight with assistance from Dave, who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is. Dave hires Wally.

One morning, as Wally waits outside for the day's newspapers, a man walks into Dave's shop. When the man is approached by a beautiful woman named Eve (Joan Severance), he quickly removes a gold coin from a suitcase and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter.  The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man in the stomach as Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information on a box of antacid pills.  Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting, but he notices Eve's legs as she leaves the shop.  Wally, who heard the gunshot, walks into the shop and trips over the man's dead body.  Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun, which Eve left at the scene.  When the police arrive, they find Dave and Wally standing over the body with Dave holding the gun. Before they are arrested, Dave tells Wally to collect the coins from the box.

At the police station, Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock (Alan North), a talented but merciless detective who immediately hates them and makes them his prime suspects. When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo (Kevin Spacey) - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out by posing as attorneys, Wally recognizes Eve's perfume and Dave recognizes her legs, but Braddock ignores them when they insist that she is the killer. Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo when they are released, Dave and Wally escape from the police station, but the criminals soon find them. Eve takes the coin from Wally's pocket and telephones her boss Mr. Sutherland (Anthony Zerbe) for instructions, allowing Dave to learn the criminals' plans by reading her lips.  When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally, they use the fistfighting method they learned in the bar to knock him unconscious. They then steal an unattended police car, and drive away with Eve, Kirgo and Braddock chasing them. Working together to guide the patrol car, Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals, but they accidentally launch the car onto a waterborne garbage barge.

After hiding the police car, the two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally's sister Adele (Childs) for help. The police follow Adele and search her motel room, but she, Wally, and Dave avoid detection, and they drive away after the police have left. Having incorrectly read Eve's lips, Dave believes they need to find a woman named "Grace George", but Adele realizes that Eve must have been referring to a resort called "Great Gorge". At the resort, Wally impersonates a visiting professor while Dave steals the coin from Eve. Meanwhile, Adele distracts Kirgo by crashing her car into his. However, Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her to Sutherland's estate.

After a tragic mishap with the car, Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action, with the result that Adele escapes but the two men are captured. In his study, Sutherland reveals that the coin is a room-temperature superconductor, which is extremely valuable. Kirgo and Sutherland are killed during an argument over sharing the profits from the coin's theft, after which Dave and Wally escape the study and have a violent altercation with Eve and her helicopter pilot. When the police arrive, the remaining criminals are arrested, and Wally and Dave are released having been cleared of the charges. Shortly thereafter, the two men go to a local park and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other's head; enjoying each other's company.

Cast

* Richard Pryor – Wallace "Wally" Karew
* Gene Wilder – Dave Lyons
* Joan Severance – Eve
* Kevin Spacey – Kirgo
* Alan North – Braddock
* Anthony Zerbe – Sutherland
* Louis Giambalvo – Gatlin
* Kirsten Childs – Adele

Reception

TriStar Pictures was looking to produce another film starring Wilder and Pryor, and Wilder agreed to do See No Evil, Hear No Evil only if he was allowed to re-write the script. The studio agreed and See No Evil, Hear No Evil premiered on May 1989 to mostly negative reviews. Many critics praised Wilder's and Pryor's, and Kevin Spacey's performances, but they mostly agreed that the script was terrible. Roger Ebert called it "a real dud",  the Deseret Morning News described the film as "stupid", with an "idiotic script" that had a "contrived story" and too many "juvenile gags."  On the other hand Vincent Canby called it "by far the most successful co-starring vehicle for Mr. Pryor and Mr. Wilder", while also acknowledging that "this is not elegant movie making, and not all of the gags are equally clever."  

The film holds 18% of positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. Despite the negative reviews, the film was a box office success for its time, able to stay at number one for two weeks.
Question:
Who plays the blind man in the 1989 comedy film ‘See No Evil, Hear No Evil’?
Answer:
Richard prior
Passage:
Rutshire Chronicles
The Rutshire Chronicles is the name given to a series of romantic novels by Jilly Cooper. The stories tell tales of mainly British upper-class families, as well as the show-jumping and polo crowd, in numerous different sexually charged scenarios, often laced with adultery, illegitimate children, scandal, and sometimes, even death. They are linked by several recurring characters, chiefly Rupert Campbell-Black, and are set in the fictional English county of Rutshire, not to be confused with the real English county of Rutland. 

Some of these characters, namely Rupert Campbell-Black and numerous characters associated with him, also occur in Cooper's novel Pandora, although it is not part of the series. The Campbell-Blacks, Lloyd-Foxes, France-Lynches and other families from the Rutshire Chronicles also appear in Wicked! The tales are set in chronological order; however, they are perfectly readable as 'stand-alone' novels.

The Rutshire Chronicles

# Riders (1986)
# Rivals (1988; also known as Players)
# Polo (1991)
# The Man Who Made Husbands Jealous (1993)
# Appassionata (1996)
# Score! (1999)
# Pandora (2002)
# Wicked! (2006)
# Jump! (2010)

Main/Recurring Characters

*Rupert Campbell-Black
*Agatha 'Taggie' Campbell-Black, née O'Hara
*Marcus and Tabitha Campbell-Black
*Basil Baddingham
*Billy Lloyd-Foxe
*Janie Lloyd-Foxe
*Declan O'Hara
*Ricky France-Lynch
*Cameron Cook
*Lysander Hawkley
*Flora Seymour
*Roberto Rannaldini
*Dame Hermione Harefield
*Cosmo Rannaldini
*Anthea Belvedon
*Dora Belvedon
Question:
The Rutshire Chronicles is a series of romantic novels by which author?
Answer:
Octavia (TV serial)
Passage:
Miosis
Miosis or myosis, /maɪˈoʊ sɪs/, from Ancient Greek μύειν, mūein, "to close the eyes", is a term with various definitions, which generally include constriction of the pupil.

The opposite condition, mydriasis, is the dilation of the pupil. Anisocoria is the condition of one pupil being more dilated than the other.

Definitions

Definitions of miosis include:
* Constriction of the pupil that is excessive,  relative to the amount of light the pupil receives
* Constriction of the pupil to a diameter of less than two millimeters  
* Constriction of the pupil with causes including both abnormal and physiological ones. 
* Pupillary constriction by abnormal causes. 

Physiology of the photomotor reflex

Light entering the eye strikes three different photoreceptors in the retina: the familiar rods and cones used in image forming and the more newly discovered photosensitive ganglion cells.  The ganglion cells give information about ambient light levels, and react sluggishly compared to the rods and cones.  Signals from photosensitive ganglion cells have multiple functions including acute suppression of the hormone melatonin, entrainment of the body's circadian rhythms and regulation of the size of the pupil.

The retinal photoceptors convert light stimuli into electric impulses.  Nerves involved in the resizing of the pupil connect to the pretectal nucleus of the high midbrain, bypassing the lateral geniculate nucleus and the primary visual cortex. From the pretectal nucleus neurons send axons to neurons of the Edinger-Westphal nucleus whose visceromotor axons run along both the left and right oculomotor nerves. Visceromotor nerve axons (which constitute a portion of cranial nerve III, along with the somatomotor portion derived from the Edinger-Westphal nucleus) synapse on ciliary ganglion neurons, whose parasympathetic axons innervate the iris sphincter muscle, producing miosis.  This occurs because sympathetic activity from the ciliary ganglion is lost thus parasympathetics are not inhibited.
[http://www.coldbacon.com/mdtruth/pics/netter/fn-oculomotor.jpg Image]

Causes

Age 

* senile miosis (a reduction in the size of a person's pupil in old age)

Diseases 

* Horner's syndrome
* Hemorrhage into pons (intracranial hemorrhage)
* Hereditary disorders  
* Cluster Headaches with ptosis
* Iridocyclitis
* Fatal familial insomnia

Drugs 

* Opioids such as fentanyl, morphine, heroin and methadone (the notable exception being demerol/pethidine)
* products containing nicotine such as cigarettes, chewing tobacco or gum.
* Imidazolines such as clonidine, naphazoline, oxymetazoline and tetrahydrozoline
* Antipsychotics, including risperdal, haloperidol, thorazine, olanzapine, quetiapine and others
* Cholinergic agents such as acetylcholine
* Ondansetron (an anti-emetic) known by its brand name Zofran
* Some cancer chemotherapy drugs, including camptothecin derivatives
* Mirtazapine, a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA)
* Trazodone
* Some MAO Inhibitors.
* Pilocarpine eye drops and all other parasympathomimetics
* In some rare cases, when exposed to mustard gas.
* Organophosphates
Question:
Medically, miosis/myosis normally refers to the narrowing or constriction of the what?
Answer:
Pupils
Passage:
Tasmin Archer
Tasmin Archer (born 3 August 1963) is an English pop singer. Her first album, Great Expectations, spawned the hit "Sleeping Satellite", which reached #1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. She won a BRIT Award in 1993 and went on to release other albums.

Early life

Archer was born in Bradford, Yorkshire.  She attended Grange Upper School and after graduating, first worked as a sewing machine operator. She attended Bradford College in 1980 to study typing, and then became a clerk at Leeds Magistrates' Court.

Archer joined a group called Dignity as a backing vocalist, and played with different bands around the Bradford area. She helped out at a recording studio in Bradford called Flexible Response, and subsequently began working with musicians John Hughes and John Beck as The Archers. During this time, Tasmin Archer developed skills in the music business.

Musical career

Great Expectations

Archer signed to EMI in 1990, and released her first single, "Sleeping Satellite" in August 1992, which went to #1 in the UK Singles Chart.  The single also enjoyed minor success in the U.S. where it peaked at #32 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album Great Expectations followed in October 1992. It reached #8 in the UK Albums Chart, and achieved gold disc status by December for sales of more than 100,000 copies. Further singles from the album followed, and although they were Top 40 hits in the UK, they did not achieve the same level of success as her début.

Archer donated the royalties from her second single "In Your Care" to Childline. The song was about child abuse. In 1993 Archer won a BRIT Award for the Best British Breakthrough Act. However, later she joked that she kept her award in the back of her kitchen cupboard, and claimed that she used it for cracking nuts and tenderising steak.

Bloom

After disappearing from the limelight, Archer reappeared in 1996 with her second album Bloom. However, the single "One More Good Night With The Boys" failed to reach the UK Top 40, and the album peaked at #95. In late 1997, disagreements with EMI left Archer somewhat disillusioned and feeling like she had been treated as a commodity. She decided to take a short break from the industry. 

After two years, Archer felt the time was right to start writing again but was hindered by writer's block. Although this did not prevent her from being initially creative she found it difficult to finish anything musically. However, she did not let this stop her from expressing her creativity in other ways, and she began painting and moulding clay.

On

After working through the block and starting in 2002, Archer and Hughes worked on a new album. Initially this was going to be titled Non-Linear, but later became On. Several demo versions of the songs from this album were available for free from the messagetothemagnet website, which was created for the purpose. People were encouraged to send feedback on the material.

On was released on 25 September 2006 on Archer's own label, Quiverdisc. It was preceded on 20 September by a download only single, "Every Time I Want It (Effect is Monotony)"; a radio edit of the album track "Effect is Monotony".

Other work

In a 2006 interview, Archer said she and John Hughes were pursuing opportunities to write for film and TV soundtracks. Subsequently the partners provided work for Eastenders and other shows.

Personal life

Archer has maintained a long-term relationship with musician John Hughes. In 1999, she bought a Sunderland A.F.C. season-ticket, after attending a match with Hughes. 

Discography

Singles

Studio albums

Compilation albums

*Premium Gold Collection (2000)
*Singer/Songwriter (2004)
*The Best Of (2009)
Question:
In what year did Tasmin Archer sing about a 'Sleeping Satellite?
Answer:
1992
Passage:
Chicken Maryland
The term "Chicken Maryland" or "Maryland Chicken" refers to a historic dish associated with the U.S. state of Maryland, but has other meanings from other nations. In its home base, the food dish consists of fried chicken served with a cream gravy. 

History and preparation 

Many Maryland families have their own heirloom recipes for this dish, and it remains a regional specialty in Eastern Shore restaurants.

The primary factor that distinguishes Maryland fried chicken from other Southern fried chicken is that rather than cooking the chicken in several inches of oil or shortening, the chicken is pan-fried in a heavy (traditionally cast-iron) skillet and covered tightly after the initial browning so that the chicken steams as well as fries.  Milk or cream is then added to the pan juices to create a white cream gravy, another Maryland characteristic. 

Escoffier had a recipe for "Chicken à la Maryland" in his landmark cookbook Ma Cuisine, but there is no canonical version of the recipe. Often the chicken is marinated in a buttermilk marinade. Breading recipes vary in use of egg or buttermilk and the seasoning of the flour; the seasoning of the cream gravy also varies widely, although gravy is a signature aspect of the dish.

Australia 

In Australia the term "Chicken Maryland" simply refers to a butcher's cut for a whole leg consisting of the thigh and drumstick. 

UK 

The dish known in the UK as Chicken Maryland, popular in the 1960s, consisted of fried chicken (often in breadcrumbs) served with sweetcorn fritters and fried bananas. It is likely that it was derived as an alternative for the American version of the dish.

In England, there is a small chain of stores known as Maryland Chicken, mostly found in Leicestershire. There is no connection between the store name and the traditional dish, however. Their menu consists of normal fried-chicken cuisine, similar to KFC. 

Elsewhere 

Other reported versions include: a fried chicken leg with ham and hush puppies (a batter made with flour, egg, oil, and milk or water, to which corn is added, then deep-fried); batter-fried chicken with hush-puppies and batter-fried bananas and pineapple rings; and bread-crumbed and fried chicken wings & drumsticks with sautéed bananas. Apparently some Southeast-Asian variations exist, such as one with breaded chicken thighs, hush puppies, and gravy, served with deep-fried potato slices, baby carrots, fried tomato halves, and fried bananas. In Argentina and in some neighboring South American countries, Suprema de Pollo Maryland is a pounded thin breast of chicken, breaded and fried, served with creamed corn, peas, bacon (panceta), French fries and a fried banana.  

The final first-class lunch menu on RMS Titanic included a dish called "Chicken à la Maryland". 

In the film Christmas in Connecticut, one of the survivors of a sinking gets Chicken Maryland as one of his meals in a hospital.

In the 1929 pre-code film, Sally, a restaurant patron orders Chicken a la Maryland
Question:
What dish consists of chicken pan-fried in a skillet and covered tightly after the initial browning so that the chicken steams as well as frying, with milk or cream added to the pan juices to create a white cream gravy?
Answer:
Chicken Maryland
Passage:
Johnny Fontane
John "Johnny" Fontane is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather and the series of films based upon it. In Francis Ford Coppola's film adaptation of the novel, he was portrayed by Al Martino,  the role having been turned down by Vic Damone.

Novel and film

In the novel and film, Fontane is a famous crooner and occasional film star in the vein of Frank Sinatra. He is also the godson of Vito Corleone, the head of a major Mafia crime family. The Corleone family intervenes four times to aid his career. The first, years before the novel's and film's main time frame, Vito used violent persuasion (an "offer he can't refuse") to buy out Fontane's ironclad contract with a big bandleader; after the bandleader declines Vito's first offer to buy out the contract, he orders his personal assassin Luca Brasi to place a gun to the man's forehead, telling the bandleader that either his signature or his brains would be on the contract.

The second, the infamous "horse-head" scene, is an act of intimidation, carried out at the Godfather's behest to ensure Fontane is cast in a war film that could revitalize the singer's career. The film's producer, Jack Woltz, despises Fontane for "ruining" an actress he was grooming for stardom and had been having an affair with, and thus blacklists the singer from the production. After Corleone family consigliere Tom Hagen fails to persuade Woltz to cast Fontane, Woltz awakens soon after to find his prize racehorse's severed head in his bed as a warning. Terrified, Woltz relents and casts Fontane. Months later, Vito uses his Hollywood connections to ensure that Fontane wins the Academy Award for Best Actor. Finally, the Corleones finance Fontane's film studio.

Fontane is a minor character in the movie adaptation. In the original novel, however, the character is far more central, with large portions of the book dedicated to his adventures and misadventures in Los Angeles and Las Vegas, Nevada, his precarious relationship with childhood friend and former partner Nino Valenti, and his struggles with losing his singing voice. In the novel, Fontane develops (and eventually is cured of) lesions on his vocal cords.

Fontane was widely believed to have been based on Frank Sinatra. While Puzo never made this claim, he also never denied it. 

Novel sequels

The character is expanded upon in the novel The Godfather Returns by Mark Winegardner. In the 2004 novel, he campaigns for the presidential election of his friend, James Kavanaugh "Jimmy" Shea, believed to be based on former President John F. Kennedy.

In Winegardner's sequel The Godfather's Revenge, Fontane becomes romantically involved with Francesca Corleone, daughter of Sonny. They are married at the end of the novel. In this novel, the real Sinatra is mentioned twice, even within a discussion between Fontane and Francesca.

Film casting

According to Al Martino, he was cast in the film in a similar manner to his own character Johnny Fontane. Martino claims that he used a connection to Mafia boss Russell Bufalino to intervene on his behalf and secure his role in the film.  Martino was much older than the character.

Notes
Question:
"Who played Johnny Fontane in the film ""The Godfather"" and was previously known as a singer of hits such as ""Here In My Heart"", ""Spanish Eyes"", ""Can't Help Falling in Love"" and ""Volare""?"
Answer:
Take My Heart
Passage:
Drip painting
Drip painting is a form of abstract art in which paint is dripped or poured onto the canvas. This style of action painting was experimented with in the first half of the twentieth century by such artists as Francis Picabia, André Masson and Max Ernst, who employed drip painting in his works The Bewildered Planet, and Young Man Intrigued by the Flight of a Non-Euclidean Fly (1942).  Ernst used the novel means of painting Lissajous figures by swinging a punctured bucket of paint over a horizontal canvas. 

Drip painting was however to find particular expression in the work of the mid-twentieth-century artists Janet Sobel and Jackson Pollock. Pollock found drip painting to his liking; later using the technique almost exclusively, he would make use of such unconventional tools as sticks, hardened brushes and even basting syringes  to create large and energetic abstract works. Pollock used house or industrial paint to create his paintings—Pollock's wife Lee Krasner described his palette as "typically a can or two of … enamel, thinned to the point he wanted it, standing on the floor besides the rolled-out canvas" and that Pollock used Duco or Davoe and Reynolds brands of house paint.   House paint was less viscous than traditional tubes of oil paint, and Pollock thus created his large compositions horizontally to prevent his paint from running. His gestural lines create a unified overall pattern that allows the eye to travel from one of the canvases to the other and back again. 
 
Sources for the drip technique include Navajo sandpainting. Sandpainting was also performed flat on the ground. Another source is the "underpainting" techniques of the Mexican muralists painters. The drip–splash marks made by mural painter David Alfaro Siqueiros allow him to work out his composition of a multitude of Mexican workers and heroes.

Contemporary artists who have used drip painting include Jackson Pollock, Norman Bluhm, Joan Mitchell, Lynda Benglis, Rodney Graham, Ronald Davis, Larry Poons, John Hoyland, Ronnie Landfield, Dan Christensen, Etienne Roudenko, Giuseppe Fortunato, Ian Devenport, Roxy Paine , Pat Steir, Andre Thomkins, Zane Lewis, and Zevs.
Question:
Which U.S. artist was famous for his unique drip painting?
Answer:
Paul Jackson Pollock
Passage:
A sticky wicket - meaning and origin. - Phrase Finder
'A sticky wicket' - the meaning and origin of this phrase
A sticky wicket
A difficult situation.
Origin
A wicket is, of course, the playing surface used in cricket. This phrase is a direct allusion to the difficulty of playing on a wet and sticky pitch. The earliest citations of the expression refer specifically to cricket; for example, Bell's Life in London, July 1882:
"The ground... was suffering from the effects of recent rain, and once more the Australians found themselves on a sticky wicket."
For the figurative use of the phrase we need look no further than the cricket-playing countries of the British Empire and Commonwealth. The first such citation that I've found is from the Jamaican newspaper The Gleaner, April 1930:
"Your  Excellency, Sir William Morrison,  and gentlemen. I am afraid tonight,  owing to the rain we have had  in this island of Springs, I am batting  on rather a sticky wicket. We  have just heard Sir William Morrison  make, in my opinion, a magnificent  speech. I do not hope or  think of living up to that."
Question:
The phrase sticky wicket, meaning a difficult situation, comes to us from what sport?
Answer:
Cricket games
Passage:
Land's End
Land's End ( or Pedn an Wlas)  is a headland and holiday complex in western Cornwall, England. It is the most westerly point of mainland Cornwall and England, is within the Penwith peninsula and is about eight miles (13 km) west-south-west of Penzance at the western end of the A30 road. 

Geography

The actual Land’s End or Peal Point, is a modest headland compared with nearby headlands such as Pedn-men-dhu overlooking Sennen Cove and Pordenack, to the south. The present hotel and tourist complex is at Carn Kez, 200 m south of the actual Land’s End. Land's End has a particular resonance because it is often used to suggest distance. Land's End to John o' Groats in Scotland is a distance of 838 mi by road and this Land's End to John o' Groats distance is often used to define charitable events such as end-to-end walks and races in the UK. Land's End to the northernmost point of England is a distance of 556 mi by road. 

There are two varieties of granite represented at Land's End. Adjacent to the hotel the granite is coarse-grained with large phenocrysts of orthoclase, sometimes more than 5 in in length. To the north, at the First and Last House, there is a finer grained granite with fewer and smaller phenocrysts, and the different granites can be seen from a distance by the smoother weathering of the finer variety. The granite dates to 268–275 million years ago of the Permian period. The contact zone between the Land's End granite pluton and the altered ″country rocks″ is nearby and the Longships Lighthouse, offshore, is built on the country rock. Land's End is a popular venue for rock climbers. 

The Longships, a group of rocky islets are just over 1 mi offshore, and together with the Seven Stones Reef and the Isles of Scilly which lie approximately 28 mi southwest — are part of the mythical lost land of Lyonesse, referred to in Arthurian literature.

The area around Land's End has been designated part of an Important Plant Area, by the organisation Plantlife, for rare species of flora. 

History

In 1769, the antiquarian William Borlase wrote:
"Of this time we are to understand what Edward I. says (Sheringham. p. 129.) that Britain, Wales, and Cornwall, were the portion of Belinus, elder son of Dunwallo, and that that part of the Island, afterwards called England, was divided in three shares, viz. Britain, which reached from the Tweed, Westward, as far as the river Ex; Wales inclosed by the rivers Severn, and Dee; and Cornwall from the river Ex to the Land's-End".

Tourists have been visiting Land’s End for over two hundred years. In 1878 people left Penzance by horse-drawn vehicles from outside the Queens and Union hotels and travelled via St Buryan and Treen, to see the Logan Rock. There was a short stop to look at Porthcurno and the Eastern Telegraph Company followed by refreshments at the First and Last Inn in Sennen. They then headed for Land’s End, often on foot or horse, because of the uneven and muddy lanes. Over one hundred people could be at Land's End at any one time.  At Carn Kez, the First and Last Inn owned a small house which looked after the horses while visitors roamed the cliffs. The house at Carn Kez eventually developed into the present hotel. The earliest part of the house was damaged by the Luftwaffe when a plane returning from a raid on Cardiff jettisoned its remaining bombs. A number of local fisherman were injured or killed. In the build-up to D-Day American troops were billeted in the hotel leaving the building in a bad state.

In 1987, Peter de Savary outbid the National Trust to purchase Land’s End for almost £7 million from David Goldstone.  He had two new buildings erected and much of the present theme park development was instigated by him. He sold both Land's End and John o' Groats to businessman Graham Ferguson Lacey in 1991.  The current owners purchased Land’s End in 1996 and formed a company named Heritage Great Britain PLC. Attractions at the theme park include children's playgrounds and recorded music. Twice a week in August, Land's End hosts 'Magic in the Skies', a night-time firework spectacular with music by British composer Christopher Bond and narrated by actress Miriam Margolyes. Within the complex is the Land's End Hotel. 

In May 2012, Land's End received worldwide publicity as the starting point of the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay. 

End to end

Land's End is either the start or finishing point, of end to end journeys with John o'Groats in Scotland. One of the earliest was by Carlisle who left Land's End on 23 September 1879, went to John O'Groats House and arrived back at Land's End on 15 December; taking 72 days (exclusive of Sundays); covering 3899 mi. To prove his journey, he kept a log book which was stamped at any Post Office he passed. 

Greeb

On the south side of Carn Kez the land slopes away to a shallow valley containing a small stream and Greeb Farm; formerly a farm and currently housing a craft-centre and small zoo.  In 1879 a derrick was used for hauling seaweed from the beach 40 feet below; for use as a soil improver. 

Gallery

File:Land's End, Cornwall, England.jpg|Cliffs at Land's End
File:Lands-End-Village.jpg|The tourist centre at Land's End
File:Lands End Tourist Centre.jpg|The tourist centre at Land's End
File:Lands-End.jpg|The Longships lighthouse off Land's End
File:Land's End (looking south).jpg|Looking south from Land's End
File:Land's End (looking west).jpg|Looking west from Land's End
File:Land's End (looking north).jpg|Looking north from Land's End
File:Signpost at Land's End.JPG|Signpost at Land's End
Question:
What is the name of the group of 140 islands 25 miles south west of Lands End, Cornwall, England?
Answer:
Silly Isles
