Passage:
The Sheep-Pig
The Sheep-Pig, or Babe, the Gallant Pig in the U.S., is a children's novel by Dick King-Smith, first published by Gollancz in 1983 with illustrations by Mary Rayner. Set in rural England, where King-Smith spent twenty years as a farmer, it features a lone pig on a sheep farm. It was adapted as the 1995 film Babe, which was a great international success.  King-Smith won the 1984 Guardian Children's Fiction Award, a once-in-a-lifetime book award judged by a panel of British children's writers. 

Crown published the first U.S. edition in 1985, retaining the Rayner illustrations under the new title Babe, the Gallant Pig. There have been dozens of English-language editions and translations in fifteen other languages, primarily in 1995 and later, sometimes with new illustrations. 

Storyline

The plot revolves around a young pig, won at a fair by a local sheep farmer named Farmer Hogget. He has no use for pigs, so his wife intends to fatten up the "little porker" for Christmas dinner.

In unfamiliar surroundings the little piglet is scared. However he meets Fly the sheepdog, who takes pity on him and comforts him.  She asks what his name is, and he replies that his mother called all her children Babe.  Fly and her puppies teach Babe the rules of the farm. Babe starts to learn how to herd sheep, first practising and failing with the ducks. However he has the idea of herding the sheep by asking them politely rather than ordering them about like sheep-dogs do. Fly's puppies are soon sold and Fly is heartbroken, so Babe asks her if he could be her son.

One day Farmer Hogget and Fly bring a sickly ewe named Maa back to the farm. When Babe meets Maa in the farm stable Maa helps Babe to realise that sheep are not as stupid as Fly has told him. Babe promises to visit Maa again when she is well. Some time later, when Babe visits Maa in the fields, he sees sheep rustlers stealing the sheep. Babe saves the sheep and herds them away from the rustlers’ lorry. He also bites one of the rustlers in the leg and squeals so loudly that Mrs. Hogget telephones the police. When the patrol car comes up the lane, the rustlers drive away, with no sheep. Babe has saved the flock and Mrs. Hogget decides to reward him by sparing his life.

Later on Farmer Hogget takes Babe with him up to the fields and, on a whim, asks the pig to round up the sheep. Just as Babe is asking the sheep politely Maa appears in the centre of the herd to tell the sheep about Babe. Hogget is astonished that the sheep are walking in perfect straight lines around their pen. From then on, Babe accompanies Farmer Hogget up to the fields every day.

Hogget starts to think that since Babe is a worthy animal he could enter him into the sheepdog trials. He begins to train the pig in what he needs to do. One morning, when Babe heads up to the fields alone, he finds the sheep panicking because wild dogs and wolves are terrorising them. Babe runs back to the farm and alerts Fly. However, Babe discovers that Maa is critically injured and she dies before she can be helped. Hogget arrives on the scene, sees Babe with a dead sheep and believes that the pig may have killed her. He prepares to put Babe down by shooting him with his gun, in case he is a danger to the other animals. However Mrs. Hogget tells Farmer Hogget about the dogs who have attacked the sheep. Fly, unable to believe that Babe could do such a thing, goes to ask the sheep what really happened. She even forces herself to be polite to them, and so the sheep willingly tell her that Babe saved their lives. Babe is proven innocent and Farmer Hogget resumes his training, entering him into the county sheepdog trials.

Before Babe goes for the trials, Fly manages to obtain a password from the sheep, so that Babe can speak to the sheep he’ll be herding. On the day of the trials Babe and Fly go with Farmer Hogget to the grounds. Farmer Hogget appears with Fly but swaps her for Babe. He performs perfectly, without any commands from Farmer Hogget, and says the password to the sheep. At the end of his trial Babe and Farmer Hogget score full marks, and Farmer Hogget looks down at his sheep-pig and tells him, "That'll do, Pig."

The Sheep-Pig contains twelve short chapters, each one written in speech marks (" "):
1. "Guess my weight"
2. "There. Is that nice?"
3. "Why can't I learn?"
4. "You'm a polite young chap"
5. "Keep yelling, young un"
6. "Good Pig"
7. "What's trials?"
8. "Oh, Maa!"
9. "Was it Babe?"
10. "Get it off by heart"
11. "Today is the day"
12. "That'll do"

Adaptations

The movie Babe was directed by Chris Noonan from a screenplay written by Noonan and George Miller, one of the producers. Miller needed ten years to take the book from paperback to big screen. It was filmed in Australia with creature effects from Jim Henson and from Hollywood.

The novel was also adapted for the stage by children's playwright David Wood. The stage version uses a cast of actors and life size puppets for an audience of young children.
Question:
"Who wrote ""The Sheep Pig"", that was made into the film ""Babe""?"
Answer:
Dick Kingsmith
Passage:
Sternum - Anatomy Pictures and Information - InnerBody
Sternum - Anatomy Pictures and Information
Home > Skeletal System > Bones of the Chest and Upper Back > Sternum
Sternum
The sternum, commonly known as the breastbone, is a long, narrow flat bone that serves as the keystone of the rib cage and stabilizes the thoracic skeleton. Several muscles that move the arms, head, and neck have their origins on the sternum. It also protects several vital organs of the chest, such as the heart, aorta, vena cava, and thymus gland that are located just deep to the sternum.
The sternum is located along the body’s midline in the anterior thoracic region just deep to the skin. It is a flat bone about six inches in length, around an inch wide, and only a fraction of an inch thick....
Move up/down/left/right: Click compass arrows
Rotate image: Click and drag in any direction, anywhere in the frame
Identify objects: Click on them in the image
2D Interactive 3D Rotate & Zoom
Change Anatomical System
Change View Angle
Full Sternum Description
[Continued from above] . . .  The sternum develops as three distinct parts: the manubrium, the body of the sternum (sometimes called the gladiolus), and the xiphoid process. The shape of the sternum looks somewhat like a sword pointing downwards, with the manubrium forming the handle, the body forming the blade, and the xiphoid process forming the tip. In fact, the name manubrium means “handle,” gladiolus means “sword,” and xiphoid means “sword-shaped.”
The manubrium is the widest and most superior region of the sternum. It forms joints with the clavicles and the first and second pairs of ribs through their costal cartilages. The clavicles meet the manubrium at the concave clavicular notches to form the sternoclavicular joint, the only point of skeletal attachment between the pectoral girdle of the shoulder and the axial skeleton of the thorax. Slight indentations on the lateral sides of the manubrium provide attachment points for the costal cartilages of the ribs. At its inferior end, the manubrium meets the body of the sternum at the joint with the costal cartilage of the second ribs. Here it forms the sternal angle, a slight posterior bend in the sternum that can be felt through the skin and serves as an important anatomical landmark in the medical profession. Several important muscles attach via tendons to the manubrium, including the sternocleidomastoid, pectoralis major, sternohyoid, and sternothyroid muscles.
The body of the sternum is the longest region of the sternum and is roughly rectangular in shape. The costal cartilages of the second through tenth ribs connect to the body of the sternum to form the bulk of the rib cage. Just like in the manubrium, slight concave indentations in the lateral sides of the body of the sternum provide stronger attachment points for the costal cartilages to prevent rib separation. In addition, the powerful pectoralis major muscles that adduct and flex the humerus at the shoulder attach to the anterior surface of the body of the sternum and manubrium.
The smallest and most inferior region of the sternum, the xiphoid process, begins life as a region of flexible hyaline cartilage attached to the end of the body of the sternum. The xiphoid process slowly ossifies throughout childhood and adulthood until around age 40 when all of its cartilage is replaced by bone. Regardless of its degree of ossification, the xiphoid process serves as an important attachment point for the tendons of the diaphragm, rectus abdominis, and transverse abdominis muscles.
Several undesired events can take place at the sternum. During open heart surgery, the sternum must be cut in half along its long axis to provide access to the heart. After surgery, the two halves of the sternum must be wired back together with stainless steel wire to prevent their separation. Any extreme stresses placed on the broken sternum after surgery, such as lifting heavy objects, can result in the wires cutting through the bony tissue and severely damaging the sternum. Another risk associated with the sternum is the fracturing of the xiphoid process during CPR, which can potentially lead to the xiphoid process breaking off and lodging into one of the delicate vital organs below it.
Prepared by Tim Taylor, Anatomy and Physiology Instructor
Question:
What is the correct name for the bone commonly known as the breastbone?
Answer:
STERNUM
Passage:
Swedish Hallmarks on Silver and other Precious Metals
Swedish Hallmarks on Silver and other Precious Metals
by B. Lennart       Persson & Svein G. Josefsen
_____________________________
Swedish silver is usually marked with quite a few hallmarks that documents the origin of the object and dates it. This article will give the basic principles for reading these hallmarks.
The hallmarks on this photo are found on a bracelet designed by Theresia Hvorslev. It was made for the company Alton, located in Falkï¿½ping in 1971. All this information is readable from the hallmarks. The first hallmark is the makers mark of the goldsmith or the company that either made the object or imported it to Sweden. This is typically either two our three letters, initials of the makers name or an abbreviation of the name of the maker or company. It can also be all of the company name, as in this example; Alton. The makers marks are rectangular in shape and are registered for use at the control authorities.
The second hallmark is the City Stamp that gives the place where the object was produced, or where the importer is located. The City Stamp for Stockholm is the crowned head of the patron saint St. Erik. Appart from this stamp all the Swedish city stamp consist of the first, or the two first, letters of the name of the city. Since there are many cities that starts with the same letter, there is a system where the letters have different style and are placed in different geometric forms. Naturally there are quite a few city stamps, and many of them looks allmost the same. Further down in this articel you will find a selection of marks from cities were with an important production of modern silver jewelry.
The third hallmark is a controll stamp that guarantees the quality of the metal used in the production. This hallmark has three crowns and is either shaped like a cat's foot, for objects produced in Sweden since 1754, or the crowns are placed in an oval, for objects imported to Sweden before 1988. After 1988 the cat's foot is used on both Swedish made and imported objects. On silver objects the three crowns are followed by a S in a hexagonally shaped frame, as in the our exampel. On objects made from platinum this frame containes a P. There is no letter for gold. The controll stamp shows that the quality of the metal has been analyzed by the proper authorities.
The hallmark with a combination of a letter and a number is the date letter, that gives us the year of production. This system for marking precious metalls started back in 1759 and is still in use, although the silversmiths are no longer obliged to use date letters. Since the letter mark gives the year of production of the very piece of silver that is marked, it gives the collector the opportunity to differ between early and newer productions of designs that have been produced for longer periodes. The date letters on Swedish metals seem identical to the Finnish date letters. The system is the same, however the starting year differs and because of that one needs to know the country of origin to be able to tell the year of production.
The last hallmark on this example is a designers mark, in this case the script signature of the artist who designed the object. Designer marks are unfortunatetly not that common on Swedish silver, and especially not on jewelry.
There are also other hallmarks that appear on Swedish metal objects. The most common is a content mark that gives the quality of the metal. This hallmark is a garantee by the maker. It can either appear together with the garantee mark of the authorities, or it can replace that mark.
_____________________________
Question:
What is the name of the country as it appears on Swedish stamps?
Answer:
Swedish sin
Passage:
Roses Are Red
"Roses Are Red" can refer to a specific poem, or a class of poems inspired by that poem. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19798.  It is most commonly used as a love poem.

Lyrics

The most common modern form of the poem is:

Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
Sugar is sweet,
And so are you.

Origins

The origins of the poem may be traced at least as far back as to the following lines written in 1590 by Sir  Edmund Spenser from his epic The Faerie Queene (Book Three, Canto 6, Stanza 6): 

It was upon a Sommers shynie day,
When Titan faire his beames did display,
In a fresh fountaine, farre from all mens vew,
She bath'd her brest, the boyling heat t'allay;
She bath'd with roses red, and violets blew,
And all the sweetest flowres, that in the forrest grew.

A nursery rhyme significantly closer to the modern cliché Valentine's Day poem can be found in Gammer Gurton's Garland, a 1784 collection of English nursery rhymes:

The rose is red, the violet's blue,
The honey's sweet, and so are you.
Thou are my love and I am thine;
I drew thee to my Valentine:
The lot was cast and then I drew,
And Fortune said it shou'd be you. 

Victor Hugo was likely familiar with Spenser, but may not have known the English nursery rhyme when, in 1862, he published the novel Les Misérables. Hugo was a poet as well as a novelist, and within the text of the novel are many songs. One sung by the character, Fantine, contains this refrain, in the 1862 English translation:

We will buy very pretty things
A-walking through the faubourgs.
Violets are blue, roses are red,
Violets are blue, I love my loves.

The last two lines in the original French are:

Les bleuets sont bleus, les roses sont roses,
Les bleuets sont bleus, j'aime mes amours.

(Les Misérables, Fantine, Book Seven, Chapter Six) 

Folklore

Numerous satirical versions have long circulated in children's lore.  Among them:

Roses are red. 
Violets are blue. 
Onions stink. 
And so do you."[http://www.hopscotch.com.au/hopscotch-articles/2005/5/18/jill-still-playing-jacks-and-hopscotch-endures/ Jill Still Playing Jacks And Hopscotch Endures]", retrieved 17 September 2009.

The Marx Brothers' film Horse Feathers has Chico Marx describing the symptoms of cirrhosis thus:-

Cirrhosis are red,
so violets are blue,
so sugar is sweet,
so so are you. 

Benny Hill version:-

Roses are reddish
Violets are bluish
If it weren't for Christmas
We'd all be Jewish 

Notes
Question:
What nursery rhyme concludes with Violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so are you?
Answer:
Roses are red, Violets are blue
Passage:
Fact Sheet - NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope
Fact Sheet | ESA/Hubble | ESA/Hubble
Fact Sheet
Couldn't save page :( Please try again.
Fact Sheet
The Hubble Space Telescope is a joint ESA/NASA project and was launched in 1990 by the Space Shuttle mission STS-31 into a low-Earth orbit 569 km above the ground. During its lifetime Hubble has become one of the most important science projects ever.
Mission Objectives
Hubble's orbit above the Earth's distorting atmosphere allows astronomers to make the very high resolution observations that are essential to open new windows onto planets , stars and galaxies. Hubble was designed as a high standard flagship mission and has paved the way for other space-based observatories. Notably it can access the otherwise invisible ultraviolet part of the spectrum, and also has access to areas of the infrared not visible from the ground.
Mission Name
The Hubble Space Telescope is named after Edwin Powell Hubble (1889-1953) who was one of the great pioneers of modern astronomy.
Spacecraft
Design: At the heart of Hubble are a 2.4 m primary mirror and a collection of five science instruments that work across the entire optical spectrum — from infrared, through the visible, to ultraviolet light. Hubble is equipped with cameras, spectrographs and fine guidance sensors. The observatory was designed to be serviced in space, allowing outdated instruments to be replaced. The telescope was placed into a low-Earth orbit by the Space Shuttle and uses modular components so that it can be recovered on subsequent Shuttle Servicing missions and faulty or outdated parts more easily replaced before being re-released into orbit.
Power: Power for the computers and scientific instruments onboard is provided by two 2.45 x 7.56 m solar panels . The power generated by the panels is also used to charge six nickel-hydrogen batteries that provide power to the spacecraft for about 25 minutes per orbit while Hubble flies through the Earth's shadow.
Manoeuvring: The telescope uses an elaborate system of direction controls to improve its stability during observations. A set of reaction wheels manoeuvres the telescope into place and its position in space is monitored by gyroscopes . Fine Guidance Sensors (FGS) are used to lock onto guide stars to ensure the extremely high pointing accuracy needed to make very accurate observations.
The telescope does not have any rockets on board. Boosting the spacecraft’s orbit can only be done during servicing missions, when the telescope is attached to the Space Shuttle.
Dimensions: Length: 13.2 m, diameter: 4.2 m. In addition two solar panels each 2.45 x 7.56 m.
Mass: 11 110 kg (at the time of launch).
Instruments
Question:
Name the joint US/Europe orbiting telescope launched in 1990?
Answer:
Hubble Space telescope
Passage:
Yus, My Dear
Yus, My Dear is a British sitcom that ran for nineteen episodes over two series in 1976 featuring Arthur Mullard and Queenie Watts in the lead roles. It was written by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe, and produced and directed by Stuart Allen for London Weekend Television. It was screened by the ITV network during 1976, and marked an early regular TV appearance of the comedian Mike Reid.

A sequel to Chesney and Wolfe's earlier series Romany Jones (1972–75), the characters Wally and Lily Briggs (Mullard and Watts) have left their caravan for a new life in a council house. The new series introduced Wally's brother Benny, the first acting role for the EastEnders and Snatch star Mike Reid of The Comedians fame.

The series, which gained modest ratings,  has the reputation of being one of the worst ever sitcoms. 

DVD release 

The two series of six and thirteen episodes were released on Region 2 DVD by Network.
Question:
In the late 70s, which Cockney played the male lead in the tv programme ‘Yus, My Dear’?
Answer:
ARTHUR MULLARD
Passage:
Tine (structural)
Tines or prongs or teeth are parallel or branching spikes forming parts of a tool or natural object.   They are used to spear, hook, move or otherwise act on other objects.  They may be made of metal, wood, bone or other hard, strong material.

The number of tines (also written tynes) on tools varies widely – a pitchfork may have just two, a garden fork may have four, and a rake or harrow many.  Tines may be blunt, such as those on a fork used as an eating utensil; or sharp, as on a pitchfork; or even barbed, as on a trident. The terms "tine" and "prong" are mostly interchangeable. A tooth of a comb is a tine.

Tines and prongs occur in nature—for example, forming the branched bony antlers of deer or the forked horns of pronghorn antelopes. The term "tine" is also used for mountains, such as the fictional Silvertine in The Lord of the Rings.

In chaos theory (physics, non-linear dynamics), the branches of a bifurcation diagram are called tines and subtines.
Question:
What is a prong of a fork called
Answer:
Tine
Passage:
Death to Spies
Released in 2007, Death to Spies () is a stealth third-person shooter PC game set in World War II and produced by 1C Company and Haggard Games. The game was released on Valve's digital distribution system, Steam, on March 12, 2008.

Gameplay

Death to Spies takes place from a third-person perspective. The player controls Semion Strogov, a captain in a Soviet counterintelligence agency named SMERSH. Strogov is able to run, jump, crouch, crawl and climb over obstacles, and he is also able to drive vehicles. Taking place in World War II, the player is required to complete various tasks in enemy territory, such as killing targets and stealing documents. Emphasis is placed on stealth, as the player is greatly outnumbered by enemy personnel, and some missions will be failed if the alarm is raised. 

The game's missions are connected by cutscenes, taking place in 1951. After the arrest of the head of SMERSH Viktor Abakumov, Semion Strogov is questioned about his involvement in a number of special operations between 1943 through 1946, as his interrogators search for any connections between him and Abakumov.

The Heads-up display shows the level of awareness and suspicion of enemies, both of which are represented with a single bar at the top of the screen and are represented separately as different icons. A vector map can be displayed on the screen, showing characters' locations and their fields of vision, in which the player will be detected either instantly or gradually, depending on the distance. The vector map also shows the radius of noises made by the player; if someone is within the radius of the noise, they may investigate the noise or become alerted, depending on the noise.

Disguises can be used to avoid alerting enemies when seen. When a character is knocked unconscious or killed without damaging the uniform, Strogov can change into their clothes. Some enemies are able to see through disguises and can be alerted if the player enters their vision, and all enemies can be alerted to suspicious behaviour which includes picking the lock of a door or looking through a door's keyhole, being in certain stances or having certain weapons visible.

Before starting a mission, the player is usually able to select equipment to bring to the mission. Strogov has a carrying capacity limited to one handgun, one long gun and 18 slots for small items such as ammunition and knives; one knife can also be stored in a dedicated slot. A backpack has space for larger items such as pliers and dynamite, and space for small items, but Strogov also has a weight limit to his inventory, and small items stored in a backpack must be moved to the 18 slots before it can be used.
A variety of firearms (along with ammunition) and explosives are available to choose from, with the choices available depending on the mission. Other weapons include chloroform, knives, a garrote and poison. German equipment can also be chosen to avoid suspicion from enemy personnel when in disguise and/or to make use of ammunition taken from enemies' bodies.

Several missions take place in allied areas. The player is forced to begin these missions lightly armed and they cannot select their equipment. However, weapons and ammunition can be found in the level.

Reception

Death to Spies mostly received above average reviews. The game has an average score of 70% on Game Rankings  and 69% on Metacritic.  GameSpot gave it a 7.0, praising its detailed level design variation and challenging missions, but at the same time noting that the game can be overly difficult at times. IGN gave it an 8.0, saying it was "horrifically difficult at times and not without its peculiarities; Death to Spies is nevertheless always interesting and wholly addictive." 

Sequel

On March 23, 2009 1C Company announced a sequel, Death to Spies: Moment of Truth.  It was released on August 10, 2009.
Question:
Meaning 'Death To Spies', what was the name of the specialised counterintelligence department in the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Soviet Union, a fictionalised version of which was made famous in the 'James Bond' books by Ian Fleming?
Answer:
Smert' Shpionam
Passage:
The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)
"The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)" is a song by folk music duo Simon and Garfunkel, appearing on their 1966 album Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme. "59th Street Bridge" is the colloquial name of the Queensboro Bridge in New York City. The song's message is immediately delivered in its opening verse: "Slow down, you move too fast".

The studio version features Dave Brubeck Quartet members Joe Morello (drums) and Eugene Wright (bass).

Footage of Simon and Garfunkel performing the song at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival is featured in the film Monterey Pop.

Simon's writing credit was added to the theme song to the American children's TV show H.R. Pufnstuf after The Kroffts were successfully sued by Simon, who claimed that the theme ripped off this song.  

Covers and performances

*A popular cover version from 1967 was recorded by Harpers Bizarre, reaching #13 on the Billboard Hot 100. Their version featured a harmonic choral a cappella section and a wind quartet with a flute, oboe, clarinet and a bassoon.
*Former Simon songwriting partner, Bruce Woodley, recorded a cover with his band The Seekers on their 1967 album Seekers Seen in Green.
*The song was covered by The Free Design on their 1967 debut album Kites Are Fun.
*The song was covered by Italian vocal band Quartetto Cetra on their 1967 single "La ballata degli innamorati/Tre minuti", with Italian lyrics written by Tata Giacobetti.
*The song was parodied by Bob Rivers as "Feelin' Boobies".
*The melody was used by Nana Mouskouri in 1967 for her song "C'est bon la vie".
*The song was covered by Berni Flint & Lena Zavaroni on her TV Show Lena Zavaroni and Music (1979).
*The song was covered by the Boston band Jim's Big Ego on the album Don't Get Smart.
* The song appears on the album The Live Adventures of Mike Bloomfield and Al Kooper. During the track's mixing, Paul Simon added harmony vocals to the final chorus.
*During live performances, Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page would often include snippets of "The 59th Street Bridge Song" in the guitar solo of the song "Heartbreaker." While usually edited out of official live releases, the snippet can be heard on numerous Led Zeppelin bootleg recordings.
*Tori Amos performed the song at several of her concerts in 2005. 
* The Grateful Dead were known to have sampled portions of the song in their music. The most notable instance was within the performance of "Dark Star" on 13 February 1970 at the Fillmore East in New York, NY on the Dick's Picks Volume 4 album.
*The song was covered by Rachael MacFarlane on her 2012 debut album Hayley Sings.
*O.A.R. has been covering this song in concert since 2002. They play their own arrangement which always serves as an intro to fan favorites "That Was a Crazy Game of Poker" or "City On Down".

In popular culture

*"Feelin' Groovy" was used in a 2003 series of Gap commercials featuring R&B/soul singers Angie Stone and Mýa. 
* The song was used in the first season of US TV series Desperate Housewives, during a scene where Lynette Scavo hallucinates her own suicide.
* The song was used in an episode of The Simpsons, [Season 6, Episode 25] called "Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part One)". Mr. Burns alludes to the song, saying,  "Hello lamppost, whatcha knowin'? I've come to watch your power flowin'."
* The song was used in the trailer for Hal Ashby's 1975 comedy-drama Shampoo for which Paul Simon composed the original score.
Question:
"""The 59th Street Bridge Song"" was an early successful recording by Simon and Garfunkel. What is its better known alternative title?"
Answer:
Feelin' Groovy
