Passage:
The Nobel Peace Prize 1984
The Nobel Peace Prize 1984
The Nobel Peace Prize 1984
Desmond Tutu
The Nobel Peace Prize 1984
Desmond Mpilo Tutu
The Nobel Peace Prize 1984 was awarded to Desmond Tutu.
Photos: Copyright © The Nobel Foundation
Share this:
To cite this page
MLA style: "The Nobel Peace Prize 1984". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 18 Jan 2017. <http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/1984/>
Question:
Who won the 1984 Nobel Peace Prize?
Answer:
Desmond Mpilo Tutu
Passage:
The Origin of Bachelor Parties - AdventureBritain
The Origin of Bachelor Parties - AdventureBritain | AdventureBritain
The Origin of Bachelor Parties
Where does the term stag party & bachelor party come from you ask?
This is a very good question. In Britain,Canada and Ireland the event is referred to as a stag party, stag night, stag do or stag weekend. In Australia they are bucks parties and bachelor parties in America.
It is a party held for the single man just before he gets married. It is a celebration of his honour, although it may not seem like it at the time as humiliation seems to be the order of the day…
It is also sometimes known as his last night of freedom although the duration of the event over recent years seems to have changed from the traditional drink the night before the wedding to weekends away participating in things such as adventurous activities and generally getting involved in things his future wife may not approve of.
Read more: How to Plan the Perfect Stag Weekend
What are stag or bachelor parties?
It is a last chance as a bachelor to gather together a group of people who have known the him since childhood, through school, in University and work colleagues, sports clubs and obviously last but not least his family. It can often be the last opportunity to get this grouping of people together before the Groom and his peers take on more responsible adult marital roles – mortgages, children and monthly bills. This is not just you average night for drinking in the pub or bar. It has a tradition and mystique associated with it involving tricks and lots of drinking usually at the groom’s expense.
It often has a risqué element such as strippers or being stripped and tied to lampposts in the dead of night, body hair being shaved off, dressing up in fancy dress with the groom in female attire the list is endless.
Although there is not much evidence around to explain the origins of this famous tradition what evidence there is suggests that it was originally called the bachelor dinner, or stag party. Like many other wedding traditions, it seems to extend back into ancient history. Evidence suggests it first came about in the fifth century, in Sparta, where military comrades would feast and toast one another on the eve of a friend’s wedding. There he would say goodbye to the carefree days of bachelorhood and swear continued allegiance to his comrades.
Adventure Britain lets you build your own stag weekend package .
Why a stag?
The reference to stag and bucks also has strong male conartations. The leader of the pack or herd, virile, male vigour and ardour, males in their prime identified with strength and vitality. There’s another stag connection with male rites of passage – again possibly involving drinking alcohol to excess and soliciting the favours of ladies who are prepared happily to remove all their clothing for the appropriate sum. The Horned God referred to in both Celtic and early English mythology was a symbol of all things male – the Celts called him Cernunnos.
Legend from these times is often confused, but it seems clear that in pre-Christian times, Brits definitely worshipped a large hairy god who sported antlers, ran around with the Einheriar, or wild hunt.
Why bachelor?
As to the word bachelor, again its history is murky. The earliest meaning of bachelor in English is ‘a young knight who followed the banner of another’. This reference is first found in the late thirteenth century. The use of the word in the context of ‘an unmarried man’, is found in Chaucer in the late fourteenth century. The English word, seems to come from Old French. The source of the Old French word, many believe, probably comes from a Latin word baccalaris ‘farmhand’ but who really knows well your guess is as good as the next man!
For more ideas on stag weekends click here , or take a look at our special  stag weekend packages .
Question:
"What do Australian's call a ""Stag Party*?"
Answer:
Stag show
Passage:
Good faith
Good faith () is fair and open dealing in human interactions. This is often thought to require sincere, honest intentions or belief, regardless of the outcome of an action. While some Latin phrases lose their literal meaning over centuries, this is not the case with bona fides; it is still widely used and interchangeable with its generally accepted modern day translation of good faith.  It is an important concept within law, philosophy, and business. The opposed concepts are bad faith, mala fides (duplicity) and perfidy (pretense). In contemporary English, the usage of bona fides (note the "s") is synonymous with credentials and identity. The phrase is sometimes used in job advertisements, and should not be confused with the bona fide occupational qualifications or the employer's good faith effort, as described below.

Bona fides

Bona fides is a Latin phrase meaning "good faith". Its ablative case is bona fide, meaning "in good faith", it is often used as an adjective to mean "genuine". It is often misspelled: "bonafied", as if it were the past tense of an imaginary verb: "bonafy".  While today fides is concomitant to faith, a more technical translation of the Latin concept would be something like "reliability", in the sense of a trust between two parties for the potentiality of a relationship. In ancient Rome bona fides was always assumed by both sides, had implied responsibilities, and both legal and religious consequences if broken. Fides was one of the original virtues to be considered a religious "divinity" in Roman paganism.

Law

In law, bona fides denotes the mental and moral states of honesty and conviction regarding either the truth or the falsity of a proposition, or of a body of opinion; likewise regarding either the rectitude or the depravity of a line of conduct. As a legal concept bona fides is especially important in matters of equity (see Contract).   The concept of bona fide is also proclaimed by the original version of the Magna Carta.  In contract law, the implied covenant of good faith is a general presumption that the parties to a contract will deal with each other honestly and fairly, so as not to destroy the right of the other party or parties to receive the benefits of the contract. In insurance law, the insurer's breach of the implied covenant may give rise to a legal liability known as insurance bad faith.

Most U.S. jurisdictions view breaches of implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing solely as a variant of breach of contract. Linguistically, in the U.S., American English usage of bona fides applies it as synonymous with credentials, professional background, and documents attesting a person's identity, which is not synonymous with bona fide occupational qualifications. More recently, other common law countries have begun to adopt good faith as a general principle. In the UK, the High Court in Yam Seng Pte Ltd v Int Trade Corp Ltd  expressed this preference. In Canada, the Supreme Court declared in Bhasin v. Hrynew that good faith was a general organising principle. 

Philosophy

In philosophy, the concept of good faith denotes sincere, honest intention or belief, regardless of the outcome of an action; the opposed concepts are bad faith, mala fides (duplicity) and perfidy (pretense).

Good faith employment efforts

Bona fide occupational qualifications (employer's good faith effort) are qualities or attributes that employers are allowed to consider when making decisions on the hiring and retaining of employees. An employer's good faith effort is used as an evaluation tool by the jurisdiction during the annual program review process to determine an employer's level of commitment to the reduction goals of the CTR Law. United States federal and state governments are required by affirmative action (and other such laws) to look for disabled, minority, female, and veteran business enterprises when bidding public jobs. Good faith effort law varies from state to state and even within states depending on the awarding department of the government. Most good faith effort requires advertising in state certified publications, usually a trade and a focus publication. Other countries such as Canada have similar programs.

Good faith in wikis

Public wikis, of which the collaborative encyclopedia Wikipedia (currently the largest and most popular general reference work on the Internet)  Cf. Bill Tancer (Global Manager, Hitwise), [http://weblogs.hitwise.com/bill-tancer/2007/03/wikipedia_search_and_school_ho.html "Wikipedia, Search and School Homework"], Hitwise: An Experian Company (Blog), March 1, 2007. Retrieved December 18, 2008. is the most well-known, depend on implicitly or explicitly assuming that its users are acting in good faith. Wikipedia's principle, Assume Good Faith (often abbreviated AGF), has been a stated guideline since 2005.  It has been described as "the first principle in the Wikipedia etiquette".  According to one study of users' motives for contributing to Wikipedia, "while participants have both individualistic and collaborative motives, collaborative (altruistic) motives dominate."
Question:
What Latin phrase, which translates as "in good faith", is taken to mean sincere, honest intention or belief, or authentic and true?
Answer:
Bonâ fide
Passage:
The Story of the Nabila – CommanderBond.net
The Story of the Nabila – CommanderBond.net
The Story of the Nabila
Written by Lars Zeppernick
Luxury yachts and boats have quite often been featured in James Bond movies, and one of the most famous examples of them was Adnan Kashoggi’s “Nabila”, named after his daughter, which doubled for the “Flying Saucer” in the Kevin McClory produced Bond movie Never Say Never Again.
The “Nabila” was built in 1980 by Fratelli Benetti shipyard in Viareggio (Italy), being the world’s largest private yacht at that time with a length of 281 ft. (85,65 metres). And even after a quarter century, it is still among the world’s largest yachts’ Top 25. The exterior design was done by Jon Bannenberg of London, while the interiors were done by Italian Luigi Sturchio.
The Bond crew was the first movie crew allowed on board of Kashoggi’s swimming palace, for which producer Jack Schwartzman made “a contribution to The Princess Grace Foundation for charity through the Kashoggi Foundation” and Kashoggi also got a Thanks “A.K.” in the movie’s end credits. This deal scored Schwartzman a few points with his leading actor Sean Connery, which otherwise he mostly failed during the lengthy shooting of Never Say Never Again.
In the movie, the vessel was called “Flying Saucer” (English for “Disco Volante”, as the its equivalent was named in Thunderball) and served as Maximilian Largo’s mobile headquarters, at home on the seven seas. However, the ship’s command central that was shown in the movie was fictional, the work of production designer Stephen Grinds and art director Les Dilley.
The original yacht, at the height of a three storey building, featured five decks. It had three elevators, a 12-seat movie theatre, two saunas, a swimming pool, a discotheque, a jacuzzi, a billard room, eleven guest rooms with hand-carved onyx bathroom fixtures and gold-plated door-knobs and a master suite of 4 rooms, the bathroom of which had a solid gold sink. There also was a sun deck equipped with bullet-proof glass, sleeping quarters for 52 staff members, a three room “hospital”, secret passageways, push-button doors and windows and no less than 296 telephones. The steel hull ship made 18 – 20 knots and was powered by two 3000 hp Nohab Polar V 16 turbocharged diesel engines.
Several figures are known about the original price of the “Nabila”: while some sources speak of $70 million, others say that the boat itself was about $30 million plus $55 million for the luxury extras, which makes a total of $85 million. However, the building of the ship eventually led to bankrupcy of the manufacturer. The Benetti managers were very traditional and used to unwritten business rules among gentlemen—which Kashoggi wasn’t and didn’t care for. He was a tough bargainer and apart from keeping the price as low as possible, he had also insisted on several penalty clauses. After he had demanded a lot of changes during the build, Benetti had to ask for a necessary extension of the production timeframe, but he wouldn’t allow it and instead insist on the contract’s clauses—which were void after his many changing demands, but Benetti were unaware of this. The company never recovered from the losses and was sold to boat dealer Azimut in 1984, who then started to build their own boats on the shipyard, still using the traditional name Benetti.
When arms dealer Kashoggi was bankrupt himself in 1987 the “Nabila” was used to pay off a loan to the Sultan of Brunei, who sold the ship to billionaire Donald Trump at a bargain price of $29 million. Trump renamed her “Trump Princess” and had her refitted for $8 million at Amels in Holland. The boat—now with a white hull instead of the original grey painting—was brought to New York and was later partly used as a casino ship in Atlantic City.
“The Donald” himself never really had a thing for boats and he is said to never have spent a night on board. He more considered it a prize, a masterpiece “beyond a boat” and when he toured visitors, he boasted about the luxury features, such as the heliport on which he had painted a big “T” instead of the usual “H”.
In the early 1990s when Trump went bankrupt himself, he was forced to sell his beloved yacht—among other things—and thought that his name alone attached to the boat would justify to ask a price of $115 million for it. But he was dead wrong, as he didn’t even match the price for which he bought it himself. The new and current owner, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz al Saud, a wealthy Saudi businessman with ties to the Royal family, claims that he only paid $19 million for it.
The boat got another refitting at Amels, where the hull was painted beige in order to reflect the colour of sand, more gold decoration was used on the interiors and arms systems were installed. Renamed “Kingdom 5KR” (after the Prince’s company’s name, his lucky number and his childrens’ initials), the ship is permanently anchored at the IYCA in the port of Antibes (South France) with frequent visits to Cannes.
To discuss this article regarding the history of the Nabila, visit this thread on the CBn Forums, the largest James Bond 007 forum on the internet.
Additional research by Heiko Baumann.
Guest writer @ 2007-09-05
Question:
"Who was the original owner of the beautiful yacht ""Nabila"" which was named after his daughter?"
Answer:
عدنان خاشقجي
Passage:
Cheek to Cheek
"Cheek to Cheek" is a song written by Irving Berlin in 1935,  for the Fred Astaire/Ginger Rogers movie Top Hat (1935).  In the movie, Astaire sings the song to Rogers as they dance. The song was nominated for the Best Song Academy Award for 1936, which it lost to "Lullaby of Broadway".  Astaire's recording of the song in 1935 spent five weeks at #1 on Your Hit Parade and was named the #1 song of 1935. Astaire's 1935 recording with the Leo Reisman Orchestra was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2000.  In 2004, Astaire's version finished at #15 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.

The song, as sung by Astaire, and separately by Ella Fitzgerald (see her 1956 album Ella and Louis), is featured in the movie The English Patient.  

The song was played, with the clip from the movie, in The Green Mile, as well as in one of the episodes of the British TV Comedy Series To the Manor Born .

Recorded versions

*Fred Astaire (1935 #1 hit)
*Louis Armstrong and  Ella Fitzgerald
*Jula de Palma from the E.P. Jula in Jazz - Columbia, SEMQ 149; feat. Franco Cerri trio (1959)
*Shirley Jones and Jack Cassidy from their album "With Love From Hollywood" (1959)
*Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga, Cheek to Cheek
*Frank Sinatra, Come Dance with Me!
*Chet Atkins, from his album Solo Flights (1968)
*The Sensational Alex Harvey Band, from the album "The Penthouse Tapes" (1976)
*Matthew Morrison (as Will Schuester) and Jane Lynch (as Sue Sylvester) in the seventh episode (titled "Puppet Master") of the fifth season of Glee (2013).
Question:
From which musical did the Oscar winning song Cheek To Cheek appear
Answer:
Top Hat
Passage:
Hydes Brewery Ltd - Jekyll's Gold - YourRound
Mobile Real Ale in Manchester - Hydes Brewery Ltd
Hydes Brewery Ltd
Blonde - 4.3%
Smell: Delicate, citrus fruit.  Taste: Zesty, citrus fruit.  Malt:  Perle Pale Ale.  Hops:  Fuggles, Styrian Goldings.
QR Code for this page - Share with your friends
Question:
Which Manchester Brewery produces Jekyll's Gold?
Answer:
Hydes Brewery
Passage:
Jacobs Creek (Australia)
Jacobs Creek (formerly Jacob's Creek) is a small creek that runs through the wine-producing region of the Barossa Valley, 80 km north of Adelaide, South Australia. The creek itself is only several kilometres long and flows westwards from its beginning in the Barossa Ranges, eventually meeting the North Para River. The watercourse is studded with ancient and picturesque River Red Gums.

It was first discovered (but not named) by Europeans in December 1837 by an expedition led Colonel William Light and was surveyed in 1839 by his assistant surveyor, William Jacob (1814–1902), as part of a wider survey of the Barossa region. Jacob settled here in the early 1840s, whence the origin of the name. In the local aboriginal dialect it is called "Cowieaurita", meaning "yellow-brown water", in an area known to them as Moorooroo, which became the name of the Hundred.

In the early 1840s Jacob's Creek was briefly home to Johann Menge, South Australia's first geologist, who lived for some time on an island and in nearby cave on the creek. Here he grew vegetables, and was particularly struck with the possibilities for viticulture. Menge was influential in facilitating the settlement from the Barossa Valley by German Lutheran immigrants.

The creek lent its name to the famous wine brand Jacob's Creek, which is produced by Orlando Wines, located 2 km southwest along the Barossa Valley Highway in the small town of Rowland Flat. Johann Gramp, the founder of Orlando Wines, first planted grape vines on the banks of Jacob's Creek in 1847. 

In 1997 Orlando Wines, in conjunction with the Northern Adelaide and Barossa Catchment Water Management Board, commenced a rejuvenation project for Jacobs Creek. All non-native plants and trees, such as bamboo, ash, and olives were removed, and replanted with blue gums, red gums and other Australian native trees and shrubs. As a result of the project, many native species of frogs, native fish, and waterbirds have returned, with the creek gradually returning to its former natural state.
Question:
Devil’s Lair, Jacob’s Creek and Banrock Station are all wines from which country?
Answer:
Australia (Commonwealth realm)
Passage:
John Jeffries
John Jeffries (5 February 1745 – 16 September 1819)   was a Boston physician, scientist, and a military surgeon with the British Army in Nova Scotia and New York during the American Revolution.

Biography

Born in Boston, Jeffries graduated from Harvard College and obtained his medical degree at the University of Aberdeen. He is best known for accompanying Jean-Pierre Blanchard on his 1785 balloon flight across the English Channel. Dr. Jeffries also played a large role in the trial for the Boston Massacre as a witness for the defense.  He was the surgeon for Patrick Carr,  who was one of the Americans shot during that incident.

Jeffries is also credited with being among America's first weather observers. He began taking daily weather measurements in 1774 in Boston, as well as taking weather observations in a balloon over London in 1784. National Weatherperson's Day is celebrated in his honor on 5 February, his birthday.  The Archives and Special Collections at Amherst College holds a collection of his papers, including a letter he dropped from the balloon during his historic flight, considered the oldest piece of airmail in existence. 

He lived in England from 1776 to 1790. Despite being named in the Massachusetts Banishment Act, he returned to private practice in Boston, staying there until his death in 1819. His son John Jeffries II (1796-1876) was an ophthalmic surgeon and co-founded the Massachusetts Charitable Eye and Ear Infirmary.

Notes
Question:
In 1785, the first crossing of which body of water was made by Francois Blanchard and John Jeffries using a hot air balloon?
Answer:
La Manche
Passage:
Martinet | Define Martinet at Dictionary.com
Martinet | Define Martinet at Dictionary.com
martinet
[mahr-tn-et, mahr-tn-et] /ˌmɑr tnˈɛt, ˈmɑr tnˌɛt/
Spell
a strict disciplinarian, especially a military one.
2.
someone who stubbornly adheres to methods or rules.
Origin of martinet
1670-80; after General Jean Martinet (died 1672), French inventor of a system of drill
Related forms
Examples from the Web for martinet
Expand
Contemporary Examples
Schiano, the former coach at Rutgers, brought a reputation with him as a harsh disciplinarian and a martinet.
He was a good deal of a martinet, but he was justice incarnate.
Recollections David Christie Murray
The cat was a martinet in her way, and she demanded all the privileges of her sex.
The Dominant Strain Anna Chapin Ray
They always say he's more of a martinet at home than ever he was in the Army.
Hurricane Island H. B. Marriott Watson
British Dictionary definitions for martinet
Expand
a person who maintains strict discipline, esp in a military force
Derived Forms
C17: from French, from the name of General Martinet, drillmaster under Louis XIV
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for martinet
Expand
n.
1670s, "system of strict discipline," from the name of Jean Martinet (killed at siege of Duisburg, 1672), lieutenant colonel in the Régiment du Roi, who in 1668 was appointed inspector general of the infantry. "It was his responsibility to introduce and enforce the drill and strict discipline of the French regiment of Guards across the whole infantry." [Olaf van Minwegen, "The Dutch Army and the Military Revolutions 1588-1688," 2006] The meaning "an officer who is a stickler for strict discipline" is first attested 1779 in English. The surname is a diminutive of Latin Martinus (see Martin ).
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
Which French soldier’s name became the word for a strict disciplinarian
Answer:
Martinet
Passage:
Martin–Schultz scale
The Martin–Schultz scale is a standard color scale commonly used in physical anthropology to establish more or less precisely the eye color of an individual; it was created by the anthropologists Rudolf Martin and Bruno K Schultz in the first half of the 20th century. The scale consists of 20 colors  (from light blue to dark brown-black) that correspond to the different eye colors observed in nature due to the amount of melanin in the iris:  

*1-2 : blue iris (1a, 1b, 1c, 2a : light blue iris - 2b : darker blue iris)
*3 :  blue-gray iris
*4 : gray iris (4a, 4b)
*5 : blue-gray iris with yellow/brown spots
*6 : gray-green iris with yellow/brown spots
*7 : green iris
*8 : green iris with yellow/brown spots
*9-11 : light-brown iris
*10 : hazel iris
*12-13 : medium brown iris
*14-15-16 : dark-brown and black iris

Notes
Question:
The MartinSchultz scale is commonly used in physical anthropology to determine the colour/color of what in humans?
Answer:
Eye (anatomy)
Passage:
Mildred Roper
Mildred Roper (née Tremble) is a fictional character from the Thames Television sitcoms Man About the House and George and Mildred. She was portrayed by Yootha Joyce.

Biography 

Mildred was born in London and had three siblings: Arthur, Ethel (Avril Elgar) and Hilda (Jean Harrow). Her only brother, Arthur, emigrated to New Zealand, and had a job branding sheep. He is mentioned in 'Family Planning (Series 1, Episode 10 of George and Mildred), and it is hinted at that he is a homosexual. He died around 1955. Her eldest sister, Ethel, married Humphrey Pumphrey (Reginald Marsh), and moved into a large mansion, George had an ardent dislike for his sister in law and husband. Her other sister, Hilda, married a man called Fred, nicknamed 'Fertile Fred' by George and Humphrey, and had five unnamed children. Mildred married George Roper (Brian Murphy), and moved to Putney where they owned a house, and let out the two upper floors to tenants. They later moved to 46 Peacock Crescent, next door to Jeffrey, Ann, Tristram and Tarquin Fourmile (Norman Eshley, Sheila Fearn, Nicholas Bond-Owen and Simon Lloyd respectively). She adapted easily to the surroundings, but George didn't. Her aging mother (Gretchen Franklin) was a frequent visitor, and where she loved her, George didn't.

Storylines 

Most of Mildred's storylines for Mildred were for her trying to climb the social ladder, and with George ruining her attempts. In George and Mildred she makes friends with her neighbour Ann Fourmile (Fearn), who is married to the snobbish Jeffrey (Eshley). When Ann gave birth to Tarquin in series three, Mildred thinks of adopting a child, and George agrees (providing the baby is not black). The person from the orphanage later declares that the Roper's cannot adopt, for unknown reasons. Feeling sorry for Mildred, George buys her a Yorkshire Terrier, Truffles, who becomes Mildred's pride and joy, and receives better attention than George himself. This is made most clear in the series one episode 'Family Planning', where Mildred's mother stays with them, and George states:

George: Ever since your mother came to stay for us I've come second-best in this house!

Mildred: Third best, George, you forgot about the dog.

Mildred is known for her frequent asking of if anyone wanted a cup of tea.

Relationship to George 

George and Mildred's relationship is stained, but in certain episodes they are shown to have a tender and loving one. Throughout George and Mildred, various two of George's relatives visit: His father, and younger brother Charlie. When Charlie Roper visit, all names of the Roper siblings are revealed: Fred, Gloria, Betty, Bill, George, Charlie and Bill (it is stated that the second Bill was named after the first). When George's father Jack arrives, their relationship is put under a serious strain, but he eventually leaves and everything returns to normal. When Ethel and Humphrey arrive, George often runs away to the pub or next door, unless Mildred bellows for him to sit. But overall, their relationship is a happy one.

Appearances 

Yootha Joyce appeared in all episodes of Man About the House,  and all of the spin-off series, George and Mildred as Mildred Roper. She also appeared as Mildred in the film version. When Yootha Joyce died in 1980, the character of Mildred died with her.

Analysis

Maggie Andrews sees her as part of a tradition of portraying women characters as consumerist, social-climbing, and pretentious, prefiguring characters such as Hyacinth Bucket in Keeping up Appearances.  She was also an influence on the character of Dot Cotton in EastEnders.
Question:
Who played the part of Mildred Roper on television?
Answer:
Yootha
Passage:
Poul Schlüter
Poul Holmskov Schlüter (, 3 April 1929) is a Danish politician, who served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1982 to 1993.    He was the first member of the Conservative People's Party to become Prime Minister, as well as the first conservative to hold the office since 1901.

Early life and career

Born in Tønder, south Jutland, he graduated from the University of Copenhagen in 1957 with a degree in law, and joined the bar in 1960. Schlüter was a member of the Folketing (Danish parliament) for the Conservative People's Party from 1964 to 1994. He was also Chairman of the Conservative People's Party from 1974 to 1977 and from 1981 to 1993.

Prime Minister

In 1982, after Prime Minister Anker Jørgensen was forced to resign, Schlüter cobbled together a four-party coalition and was appointed his successor. During his time as Prime Minister, he was named "Nordic Politician of the Year" (in 1984). He has since been granted a large number of Danish and international awards and medals.

Previously, he had served as a member of the Council of Europe from 1971 to 1974, and had headed the Danish Delegation to the Nordic Council, where he served as a member of the Council Presidium, in 1978 and 1979. He retired as Prime Minister in 1993 after an inquiry found that he had misinformed the Danish Parliament. The case was known as the Tamil Case (), as it involved asylum requests from Tamil refugees. 

Later life

Following his retirement as Prime Minister in 1993, Schlüter served as a member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999, the first three years as Vice-President of the body.

In 2003, Schlüter was appointed by the Swedish Minister of Co-operation as her special envoy to promote freedom of movement in the Nordic countries. Poul Schlüter was to work on ways of increasing individual freedom of movement and present specific proposals to the Nordic Council Session in October 2003.

In 2004, Poul Schlüter co-founded the first Danish free-market think tank CEPOS, and gave the opening speech at CEPOS' opening reception at the Hotel D'Angleterre in Copenhagen. 

Bibliography

*
Question:
Poul Schluter became Prime Minister of which country in September 1982?
Answer:
Eastern Denmark
Passage:
Charente
Charente (, Saintongeais: Chérente, Occitan: Charanta) is a department in southwestern France, in the Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes region, named after the Charente River, the most important river in the department, and also the river beside which the department's two largest towns, Angoulême and Cognac, are sited.

History

Charente is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was created from the former province of Angoumois, west and south of Saintonge.

Prior to the creation of the department, the area was not a natural unit, but much of it was commercially prosperous thanks to traditional industries such as salt and cognac production. Although the river Charente became silted up and was unnavigable for much of the twentieth century, in the eighteenth century it provided important links with coastal shipping routes both for traditional businesses and for newly evolving ones such as paper goods and iron smelting.

The accelerating pace of industrial and commercial development during the first half of the nineteenth century led to a period of prosperity, and the department's population peaked in 1851.   During the second half of the nineteenth century Charente, like many of France's rural departments, experienced a declining population as the economic prospects available in the cities and in France's overseas empire attracted the working age generations away. Economic ruin came to many in the Charentais wine industry with the arrival in 1872 of phylloxera.

During the twentieth century the department with its traditional industries was adversely impacted by two major world wars and even in the second half of the century experienced relatively low growth, the overall population remaining remarkably stable at around 340,000 through the second half of the twentieth century, although industrial and commercial developments in the conurbation surrounding Angoulême have added some 10,000 to the overall population during the first decade of the twenty-first century.

The relatively relaxed pace of economic development in the twentieth century encouraged the immigration of retirees from overseas. Census data in 2006 disclosed that the number of British citizens resident in the department had risen to 5,083,  placing the department fourth in this respect behind Paris, Dordogne and Alpes-Maritimes. 

Geography

It is part of the Aquitaine Basin for its major part, and of the Massif Central for its north-eastern part. The Charente flows through it and gave its name to the department, along with Charente-Maritime. It is composed with the historical region of Angoumois and contains part of the regions of Saintonge, Limousin, Périgord and Poitou.

The department is part of the current region of Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes. It is surrounded by the departments of Charente-Maritime, Dordogne, Haute-Vienne, Vienne and Deux-Sèvres. Its capital is Angoulême.

Demographics

The inhabitants of the department are called Charentais.

Politics

The President of the General Council is Michel Boutant of the Socialist Party.

Economy

Cognac and pineau are two of the major agricultural products of the region, along with butter.  The Charentaise slipper (a type of slipper made from felt and wool) is another well-known traditional product. 

Tourism

File:Angouleme cathedral StPierre ac.JPG|Angoulême Cathedral
File:Vigny Maine-Giraud 2011a.jpg|Champagne-Vigny
File:Verteuil 16 Charente aux Cordeliers.jpg|Verteuil-sur-Charente
File:La Couronne Abbaye2010.jpg|Abbey of La Couronne
File:Plassac-Rouffiac église 2012.jpg|Plassac-Rouffiac
File:Aubeterre 16 Église façade 2013.jpg|Aubeterre-sur-Dronne
File: DeviatLaFaye2.JPG|Château de la Faye

Sources and further reading
Question:
Charente, France, is famous for its production of what?
Answer:
Slipper socks
Passage:
Shall We Dance? (1996 film)
is a 1996 Japanese film. Its title refers to the song, "Shall We Dance?" which comes from Rodgers and Hammerstein's The King and I. It was directed by Masayuki Suo.

Plot

The film begins with a close-up of the inscription above the stage in the ballroom of the Blackpool Tower: "Bid me discourse, I will enchant thine ear", from the poem Venus and Adonis by William Shakespeare. As the camera pans around the ballroom giving a view of the dancers, a voice-over explains that in Japan, ballroom dancing is treated with suspicion.

Shohei Sugiyama (Kōji Yakusho) is a successful salaryman, with a house in the suburbs, a devoted wife, Masako (Hideko Hara), and a teenage daughter, Chikage (Ayano Nakamura). He works as an accountant for a firm in Tokyo. Despite these external signs of success, however, Sugiyama begins to feel as if his life has lost direction and meaning and falls into depression.

One night, while coming home on the Tokyo Subway, he spots a beautiful woman with a melancholy expression looking out from a window in a dance studio. This is Mai Kishikawa (Tamiyo Kusakari), a well-known figure on the Western ballroom dance circuit. Sugiyama becomes infatuated with her and decides to take lessons in order to get to know her better.

Sugiyama's life changes once his classes begin. Rather than Mai, his teacher is Tamako Tamura (Reiko Kusamura), who becomes an important mentor to him. He meets his classmates: Tōkichi Hattori (Yu Tokui) who joined to impress his wife, and Masahiro Tanaka (Hiromasa Taguchi) who joined to lose weight. He also meets Toyoko Takahashi (Eriko Watanabe), another student. He further discovers that one of his colleagues from work Tomio Aoki (Naoto Takenaka) is a regular at the dance studio. Aoki, who is balding and mocked at work for his rigid ways, is revealed to be leading a secret life as a long-haired (via a wig) ballroom dancer. Though distant from her, the classes increase his infatuation for Mai. His secret thus becomes twofold: not only must he hide the lessons from his wife, he must also hide them from his friends and colleagues as it is considered embarrassing according to traditional Japanese customs to participate in Western ballroom dance.

Later, after being rebuffed by Mai, Sugiyama discovers to his surprise that his passion for ballroom dance outweighs his infatuation with her. Indeed, dancing, rather than Mai, gives Sugiyama the meaning in life that he was looking for.

Masako, noticing his odd behavior, thinks that he is having an affair — so she hires a private detective to follow him. Meanwhile, along with his classmates, Sugiyama enters an amateur competition – only to find out that his wife, having finally learned the truth from the detective (who has now become a devoted fan of ballroom dancing) is in the audience. Surprised by this, he stumbles and nearly knocks his dance partner to the floor. Though he is able to catch her, he accidentally rips the skirt of her dress off. Both leave the contest. Later, they learn that Tomio won the contest. When Tomio is ridiculed at work after his colleagues read of his success in the newspaper, Sugiyama stands up and tells them not to make fun of something they don't understand.

At home, Sugiyama's wife tries to understand her husband's new passion by asking him to teach her to dance as well. He is invited to a good-bye party for Mai, who is leaving for Blackpool. At the party, Mai joins him to dance, asking him "Shall we dance?"

Cast 

*Kōji Yakusho - Shohei Sugiyama
*Tamiyo Kusakari - Mai Kishikawa
*Naoto Takenaka - Tomio Aoki
*Eriko Watanabe - Toyoko Takahashi 
*Yu Tokui - Tokichi Hattori
*Hiromasa Taguchi - Masahiro Tanaka
*Reiko Kusamura - Tamako Tamura
*Hideko Hara - Masako Sugiyama
*Hiroshi Miyasaka - Macho
*Kunihiko Ida - Teiji Kaneko
*Amie Toujou - Hisako Honda
*Ayano Nakamura - Chikage Sugiyama
*Katsunari Mineno - Keiri-kacho
*Tomiko Ishii - Haruko Haraguchi
*Masahiro Motoki - Hiromasa Kimoto

Release

Shall We Dance? was released on January 27, 1996 in Japan where it was distributed by Toho. It was released in the United States by Miramax. The Miramax version was cut to 118 minutes and released on July 4, 1997.

The U.S. theatrical cut of the film cuts 26 scenes from the original Japanese version. Additionally, the voiceover narration at the beginning of the film is different:  the Japanese version introduces the history of ballroom dancing in Europe, while the American version explains that ballroom dancing is considered shameful or embarrassing by some Japanese because of cultural norms. Finally, the subtitles include certain explanations of Japanese culture that are not in the original.

The U.S. and European DVD releases also featured this cut of the film.
Reception

Shall We Dance? received a 93% rating from Rotten Tomatoes (Fresh: 28, Rotten: 2).  Roger Ebert stated in the Chicago Sun Times that Shall We Dance? is "one of the more completely entertaining movies I've seen in a while—a well-crafted character study that, like a Hollywood movie with a skillful script, manipulates us but makes us like it."   Critic Paul Tatara noted that "It isn't really fair to suggest that the movie's main subject is dance, though. As much as anything else, it's about the healing powers (and poetry) of simple self-expression." 

It performed strongly in American theaters earning roughly $9.7 million during its US release. 

Awards

At the Japanese Academy Awards it won 14 awards: Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Director, Best Editing, Best Film, Best Lighting, Best Music Score, Best Screenplay, Best Sound, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, and Newcomer of the Year (in short, every award it was eligible to win). 

The National Board of Review gave it the award for Best Foreign Language Film.

American remake

Shall We Dance was remade by Miramax 2004 as Shall We Dance? The American version stars Richard Gere and Jennifer Lopez in the Yakusho and Kusakari roles.
Question:
The songs ‘Shall We Dance’, ‘Getting to Know You’ and ‘I’ll Whistle a Happy Tune’ are all from which 1956 musical film?
Answer:
King & i
Passage:
Best Toto Songs - Top Ten List - TheTopTens®
Best Toto Songs - Top Ten List - TheTopTens®
Best Toto Songs
The Top Ten
1 Africa
Not just Best Toto Song. It's one of the best songs ever made. Amazing vocals, instrumental and live performance
Best song love it the start middle and end melody is lovely amazing - mneilan
No Question - Best song of this group! Makes me want to go to Africa big time...! From a North American "oldster"...
Cheers
2 Hold the Line
A song with all the elements to be a great song : guitar, beautiful voice, rhythm, piano,...
Unlike Africa, THIS is the song that best sumarizes what Toto is. Africa is excellent, brilliant! But has to be behind Hold The Line.
Their first single managed to be a great hit - MatrixGuy
Africa is a good song, don't get me wrong, but Hold the Line I've always found I liked a lot more. - Element119
I find it by listen some garage band in a park
My skin and the heart from all my body change when I listened it.
The only bad thing is that is so long
This song should be number two in my opinion. The piano and guitar are just awesome. The first time I heard it I fell in love with it. This song never gets old. The lyrics are so meaningful and amazing.
I still listen to this song and feels like I'm hearing it for the first time! Never gets old!
Great feel good song with all the audio trappings that made eighties rock sound so good.
4 Stop Loving You
Bought it when it came out, still listening to it today. No more needs to be said...
I'll never stop listening to this song! It never gets old. Such a feel good vibe
5 I'll Be Over You
This should be number two. Beautifully sad!
I agree for this to be number Two
Intensely sad but it works to describe that one love we've all had.
I can't believe this music ins't in the top three best songs of Toto...
V 5 Comments
6 Make Believe
Takes me back to being a teenager. This band has it all the best vocals, the best musicians. They just don't make music like this anymore.
V 1 Comment
7 I Won't Hold You Back
Greatest ballad of all time. Luke's vocals and songwriting at their best. Always was ironic to have one of rock's greatest Axe Men singing a live song like this one.
Everything about this song is great! The lyrics and Steve's voice move my soul!
A classic in my book, vocals are tremendous and soulful,.. Please put it on replay for me.
V 2 Comments
8 I'll Supply the Love
It has a nice pop and rock beat to it that makes it a very good song to listen to. Definitely Toto all over this song.
9 Stranger in Town
Loved the video. I had this on 45 and played it over and over.
Great song they don't play many of their best songs live
10 Georgy Porgy
What to say, an excellent song, putting the emphasis on the wonderful rhythm section that characterized Toto from its inception. Possibly the funkiest, smoothest hit by the band.
They were better doing the blue eyed soul thing than the soft 80s pop rock thing. great tune.
A song that is very smooth and flowing. A song to defidently remember.
V 1 Comment
12 Only the Children
This should've been the 1st single from the seventh one album, It shows what Toto sounds like live in concert, Plus it's got "Hit" written all over it! But the record company made them release "Pamala" which sounded too much like "Can't stop loving you", The band wanted to do more then ballads!
Actually a really great song. Why don't they play it on stage.
One of the best songs! Everyone should use it as their ringingsound as I do :-)) I love it!
13 99
One of Toto's very best, it came on at the brink of the eighties to give Toto a leg up to "A" list status. The long version from the original album is the only one to listen to as the subtle nuances that made this song so great are all there.
This is top 10, no idea why "I will remember you" din't even make your list?
Question:
"What was the only #1 hit by the band ""Toto""?"
Answer:
Africay
Passage:
Meltemi wind - Greek Meltemi winds Turkey Greece ...
Meltemi wind - Greek Meltemi winds Turkey Greece - Yachting and Sailing vacations the Aegean.
The Meltemi in Greece & Turkey
The Meltemi wind was known by the old Greeks as the Etesian
northern winds, and results from a high pressure system
(>1025)
laying over the Balkan/Hungary area and a relatively low pressure
(<1010)
system over Turkey .
Although this katabatic wind
can bring about harsh sailing conditions it also provides cooling, low humidity and good visibility. Furthermore, it can be characterized as one of the few Mediterranean winds that do not necessarily die out at the end of the day and can easily last more than three to six days. See my climate page for Greek weather statistics.
The onset is the monsoonal
effect of the summer season that leads to the development of an   intense heat trough over southern Asia extending westward over the Anatolian plateau. Higher pressure dominates over the relatively cooler surface of the   Mediterranean Sea, and settled, dry weather persists.    Northerly winds prevail along the Greek coast during the   winter also, but only those northerly winds occurring between May and   November are considered Etesian. The pressure gradients necessary to drive the   Meltemi result from a combination of:
The monsoonal effect during the summer that leads to a low pressure      trough over Turkey. Etesian winds flow from a high pressure ridge over     the Balkans toward the trough. During a strong Etesian, the trough may     extend relatively far to the west and beyond Rhodes . It may also form     a closed low, resulting in almost calm winds at Rhodes.
Synoptic conditions leading to anti-cyclogenesis
over the Balkans.
A jet-effect increase of wind caused by channelling of the wind between      islands and mountain valleys. These effects tend to render wind reports     from certain locations unrepresentative. In the lee of Crete, katabatic     flow off the mountains generates gusty winds similar to the Föhn
of the     Alps. The mountain valleys tend to channel the flow which increases the     wind velocity.
The surface flow is generally divergent in an Etesian situation, and    the weather is generally thought to be dry with clear skies. However,    this is mostly true only during the main yacht charter season of July and August    when scattered altocumulus appear a day before an Etesian, and the only other clouds are orographic
types that may form on the lee    side of islands in stronger Etesian winds.
The Meltemi occurs mainly during the summer season (June - September with 70%), but also in May and October one may frequently experience this dry wind.
One should anticipate its maximum during July and August.
Usually the wind starts in the early afternoon reaching 4-5 Beaufort
and dies out at sun set. However, not uncommonly it reaches 5-7 Bft during the day, perseveres during the night and blows 5-7 Bft again the next day; a pattern which can easily be repeated over many days, sometimes even up to ten days.
If during this period sailing to windward cannot be avoided, it can be very wise to lift anchor at dawn and to cover as many miles as possible before the wind starts
.
 
Important guidelines
Due to the katabatic nature of the meltemi one can experience strong fall winds on the leeward side of the islands, notorious are Kea (we did survive though), Evvia, Tinos and Andros , Folegandros , Kos , Serifos , Amorgos and Sifnos . An orographic cloud to leeward of the mountain spells danger.
When the wind encounters very high cliffs on the North shore of an island, a calm - extending several miles off shore - can be expected. Good examples are Amorgos, Paros and Naxos .
In the wide corridor between de dodecanese and cycladic islands the Meltemi blows undisturbed over 100 miles. Within six hours of a 30-knot wind, the waves can reach heights over three meters. The adverse currents make these waves steeper, which can be seriously dangerous for yachts smaller than 10 meter.
The Ionian Sea in the west of Greece is not affected by these Etesian winds but experiences a reliable Maistro wind throughout the sailing season. For an explanation on the Maistro wind please visit my page on Sailing routes in the Ionian .
Expect funnelling winds, which can make certain straits dangerous to pass because of currents and higher wind velocities. Classical areas are: between Andros and Evvia (currents up to 5 knots!); between Ikaria and Samos till the Fournoi-archipelago; Between Paros and Naxos; North side of Amorgos; West side of Karpathos. Sometimes South of both Kea and Kythnos .
Tell-tales for your own Meltemi 24-36 hour prediction:
Higher predicted atmospheric pressure over the Balkan/Northern Aegean.
A sudden drop in humidity (first morning without dew on deck).
Scattered little altocumulus clouds one day in advance.
A clear improvement of visibility combined with a raise in atmospheric pressure (4 hPa within 12 hours).
Fortunately, the possibility of stronger winds is actually the only shortcoming of the Aegean. There are hardly any shallow waters, no tides to speak off and no fog (good visibility!): all the ingredients for perfect yacht charter vacations .
Related pages:
Question:
What type of weather condition is a Meltemi?
Answer:
Blustery
Passage:
Pillbox hat
A pillbox hat is a small hat, usually worn by women, with a flat crown, straight, upright sides, and no brim.  It is named after the small cylindrical or hexagonal cases that pills used to be sold in.[http://www.fashionencyclopedia.com/fashion_costume_culture/Modern-World-1946-1960/Pillbox-Hats.html "Pillbox Hats"] on The Fashion Encyclopedia website

History and description

Historically, the precursor to the pillbox hat was military headgear. During the late Roman Empire, the pilleus pannonius or "Pannonian cap" – headgear similar to the modern pillbox hat – was worn by Roman soldiers. A similar hat was popular with the Flemish in the Middle Ages. In some countries, especially those of the Commonwealth of Nations, a pillbox-like cab, often with a chin strap, can still be seen on ceremonial occasions. For example, the Royal Military College of Canada dress uniform includes such a hat.  Another cap called a kilmarnock is a modern version of the traditional headdress worn by members of virtually all Gurkha regiments. 

The modern woman's pillbox hat was invented by milliners in the 1930s, and gained popularity due to its elegant simplicity.  Pillbox hats were made out of wool, velvet, organdy, mink, lynx or fox fur, and leopard skin, among many other materials.  They were generally designed in solid colors and were unaccesorized, but could include a veil.

Jacqueline Kennedy, First Lady of the United States from 1961 to 1963, was well known for her "signature pillbox hats", designed for her by Halston, and was wearing a pink one to match her outfit on the day of her husband President John F. Kennedy's assassination in Dallas, Texas.   The popularity of the hat declined after that.

In popular culture

*Pillbox hats are satirically mentioned in the song "Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat" by Bob Dylan. The song first appeared on his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde.
*Pillbox hats are also mentioned in the song "Long Time" by Cake on the 2011 album Showroom of Compassion.

Gallery

File:Memorial Stained Glass window, Class of 1934, Royal Military College of Canada crop.jpg|A military precursor to the pillbox hat shown on a stained glass window in the Royal Military College of Canada
File:Day-midnightlace.jpg|A publicity shot for the film Midnight Lace (1960), showing Doris Day in a pillbox hat
File:Princess Hitachi 1 crop.jpg|Japanese Princess Hitachi (Hanako Tsugaru) in a visit to the Netherlands in 1965
File:Pillboxhat.jpg|One of Jackie Kennedy's pillbox hats in the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum
Question:
Pillbox, Panama and Fez are types of what?
Answer:
Titfer
Passage:
Cypripedioideae
Lady's slipper orchids (also known as lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids) are orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioideae, which comprises the genera Cypripedium, Mexipedium, Paphiopedilum, Phragmipedium and Selenipedium.  They are characterised by the slipper-shaped pouches (modified labellums) of the flowers – the pouch traps insects so they are forced to climb up past the staminode, behind which they collect or deposit pollinia, thus fertilizing the flower. 

Taxonomy

Unlike most other orchids, slipper orchids have two fertile anthers — they are "diandrous".  For that reason, experts have debated whether this clade should be classified within the orchid family (Orchidaceae), or whether they should compose a separate family altogether called Cypripediaceae.  Around the year 2000, molecular phylogenetics and DNA sampling have come to play an increasingly important role in classification.   This has led to the conclusion that recognition of a distinct Cypripediaceae family would be inappropriate. 

  

The subfamily Cypripedioideae is monophyletic and consists of five genera:

* Cypripedium, found across much of North America, as well as in parts of Europe (one species) and Asia. The state flower of Minnesota is the showy lady's slipper (Cypripedium reginae); the pink lady's slipper (Cypripedium acaule) is the official flower of the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.

* Paphiopedilum, found in the tropical forests of southeast Asia reaching as far north as southern China.  Paphiopedilum is quite easy to cultivate and therefore is popular among orchid enthusiasts.  In fact, over-collection of this genus has been so extensive that many species are now sub-viable in their natural habitats.

* Phragmipedium, found across northern South and Central America, is also easy to cultivate as it requires lower temperatures than Paphiopedilum, eliminating the need for a greenhouse in many areas.

* Mexipedium, a monotypic genus, consisting of a single species that was found in a single locality in Oaxaca, Mexico.

* Selenipedium, found in Central and South America.

Symbolism 

The province of Prince Edward Island, Canada adopted the lady's slipper as its floral emblem in 1947.
Question:
'Lady's slipper' is a variety of which flower?
Answer:
AAAA record
