Passage:
Stichelton
Stichelton is an English blue cheese. It is similar to Blue Stilton cheese, except that it does not use pasteurised milk or factory-produced rennet.  The name comes from a form of the name of Stilton village in the 1086 Domesday Book (Stichiltone/Sticiltone), as the name Stilton cannot legally be used for the cheese. 

Randolph Hodgson of Neal's Yard Dairy and American Joe Schneider produce Stichelton in small batches in a dairy at Cuckney on the northern edge of Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire. They use raw milk, rennet from calves' stomachs and hand-ladling and smoothing.

History 

Although most Stilton cheeses have been made with pasteurised milk for many years, until 1989 the Colston Bassett dairy did make one Stilton with unpasteurised milk. However, following an outbreak of food poisoning incorrectly linked to the dairy  and subsequently revealed to be unfounded,http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/2007/dec/18/rhapsodyinblue The Guardian Unlimited, 18 December 2007 they decided to end production of the unpasteurised cheese. In 1996, this decision was permanently enshrined when Stilton was awarded Protected Designation of Origin status by the EU, with one of the criteria being the use of pasteurised cows milk. 

Stichelton is produced by a partnership including Randolph Hodgson who owns the specialist cheese retailer Neal's Yard Dairy, and Joe Schneider who is an American who had been a cheesemaker in the Netherlands and the UK. In late 2004 Schneider and Hodgson discussed the possibility of recreating an unpasteurised Stilton-style cheese. They eventually found premises in which to start their dairy, on the Welbeck Abbey Estate near Worksop in Nottinghamshire.

Unable to be described as a Stilton, the new cheese was named Stichelton, which its makers say was based on the original name of the village of Stilton (the spelling Stichelton appears in the 13th century Lincoln Rolls). The first Stichelton cheese was produced in October 2006,  reportedly from a starter culture obtained from the original producer by Hodgson's colleague, and subsequently kept alive for fifteen years.http://www.thekitchn.com/thekitchn/the-cheesemonger/the-cheesemonger-stichelton-046208 The Cheesemonger Website

Manufacture 

Stichelton is made in a dairy, from the unpasteurised milk of Friesian-Holstein cows at Collinthwaite Farm, on the Welbeck Estate in Nottinghamshire. ForbesLife magazine described it as a "sumptuous cheese that sets a full-flavored, succulent, complex chain of sensations going in your mouth: fruity and salty, buttery, and earthy, sharp and creamy. Robin Hood never had it so good." The starter culture for the cheese is known as MT36, the original culture used in the pre-1989 unpasteurised Stiltons, and is different from the culture that is used in modern pasteurised ones.  MT36 was nearly lost, but a vial of it was sent to Ray Osborne, a starter producer, who kept it alive for 18 years.
Question:
Saga and Stichelton are types of which foodstuff?
Answer:
Cheeses
Passage:
Realgar
Realgar, α-As4S4, is an arsenic sulfide mineral, also known as "ruby sulphur" or "ruby of arsenic". It is a soft, sectile mineral occurring in monoclinic crystals, or in granular, compact, or powdery form, often in association with the related mineral, orpiment (As2S3). It is orange-red in color, melts at 320 °C, and burns with a bluish flame releasing fumes of arsenic and sulfur. Realgar is soft with a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and has a specific gravity of 3.5. Its streak is orange colored. It is trimorphous with alacranite and pararealgar.
Its name comes from the Arabic rahj al-ġār (,  "powder of the mine"), via Catalan and Medieval Latin, and its earliest record in English is in the 1390s. 

Occurrence 

Realgar most commonly occurs as a low-temperature hydrothermal vein mineral associated with other arsenic and antimony minerals. It also occurs as volcanic sublimations and in hot spring deposits. It occurs in association with orpiment, arsenolite, calcite and barite.

It is found with lead, silver and gold ores in Hungary, Bohemia and Saxony. In the US it occurs notably in Mercur, Utah; Manhattan, Nevada and in the geyser deposits of Yellowstone National Park.

It is commonly held that after a long period of exposure to light realgar changes form to a yellow powder known as pararealgar (β-As4S4). It was once thought that this powder was the yellow sulfide orpiment, but has been recently shown to be a distinct chemical compound.

Uses

Realgar, orpiment, and arsenopyrite provide nearly all the world's supply of arsenic as a byproduct of smelting concentrates derived from these ores.

Realgar was used by firework manufacturers to create the color white in fireworks prior to the availability of powdered metals such as aluminium, magnesium and titanium. It is still used in combination with potassium chlorate to make a contact explosive known as "red explosive" for some types of torpedoes and other novelty exploding fireworks branded as 'cracker balls', as well in the cores of some types of crackling stars.

Realgar is toxic. The ancient Greeks, who called it "sandaracha", understood it is poisonous. It was used to poison rats in medieval Spain and in 16th century England.  It is still sometimes used to kill weeds, insects, and rodents,  even though more effective arsenic-based agents are available.

The Chinese name for realgar is xionghuang 雄黃, literally 'masculine yellow', as opposed to orpiment which was 'feminine yellow'. Its toxicity was also well known to them, and it was frequently sprinkled around houses to repel snakes and insects, as well as being used in Chinese medicine.  Realgar is mixed with rice liquor to make realgar wine, which is consumed during the Dragon Boat Festival in order to ward off evil, alluding to its repellent properties. (This practice has become rarer in modern times, with the awareness that realgar is a toxic arsenic compound.)

Realgar was commonly applied in leather manufacturing to remove the hair from animal pelts. Because realgar is a known carcinogen, and an arsenic poison, and because competitive substitutes are available, it is rarely used today for this purpose.

Realgar was, along with orpiment, a significant item of trade in the ancient Roman Empire and was used as a red paint pigment. Early occurrences of realgar as a red painting pigment are known for works of art from China, India, Central Asia, and Egypt. It was used in European fine-art painting during the Renaissance era, a use which died out by the 18th century.   It was also used as medicine.

Other traditional uses include manufacturing lead shot, printing and dyeing calico cloth.

Realgar gallery 

File:Realgar-151586.jpg|Realgar, gemmy crystals on calcite, 8.9 x 6.9 x 3.6 cm. From Shimen County, Hunan Province, China
File:Réalgar, tétrahédrite, orpiment.JPG|Realgar with tetrahedrite,  Palomo Mine, Huancavelica Department, Perù
File:Realgar from Nagyag, Hungary 1813.jpg|Realgar from Nagyag, Hungary (now Romania). Hand-colored copper-plate engraving by James Sowerby (1813)
Image:realgar09.jpg|On long exposure to light, realgar disintegrates into a reddish-yellow powder. Specimens should be protected from bright light. 
Image:Realgar-unit-cell-3D-balls.png|The unit cell of realgar, showing clearly the As4S4 molecules it contains
Question:
Which poisonous element can be either grey, yellow or black and combines with sulphur as realgar?
Answer:
Arsenicals
Passage:
Devon Loch
Devon Loch (1946 – 1963) was a racehorse, which fell on the final straight while leading the 1956 Grand National.

Owned by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis, Devon Loch had won two races already that season and finished third in the National Hunt Handicap Chase at Cheltenham. His progress was helped when the favourite, Must, and a previous winner, Early Mist, fell early on. 

He went to the front of the race with three jumps remaining, cleared the last half a length ahead of E.S.B., and took a commanding lead on the final stretch. Then, in front of the royal box just 40 yards from the winning post and five lengths ahead, he suddenly inexplicably jumped into the air and landed on his stomach, allowing E.S.B. to overtake and win. Although jockey Dick Francis tried to cajole the horse, it was unable to continue. Afterwards, the Queen Mother said: "Oh, that's racing."  

It is still uncertain and debated to this day as to why Devon Loch jumped; some reports claimed he suffered a cramp in his hindquarters causing the collapse. Another report asserted that a shadow thrown by the adjacent water-jump fence (which horses only traverse on the first circuit of the Aintree course) may have baffled Devon Loch into thinking a jump was required and – confused as to whether he should jump or not – he half-jumped and collapsed.  Jockey Dick Francis later stated that a loud cheer from the crowd, for an expected royal winner, distracting the horse is a more likely explanation.

Reports that the horse had suffered a heart attack were dismissed, as Devon Loch recovered far too quickly for this to have been the case. He lived another six years, being put down during or shortly after the cold winter of 1962–3.

Modern use

"To do a Devon Loch" is a modern metaphor now sometimes used in sports and otherwise to explain a sudden, last-minute failure of teams or a sportsperson to complete an expected victory, for example: "Manchester United won't do a Devon Loch and lose the title after beating Chelsea"  or "Lewis Hamilton surrendering the championship having led Kimi Räikkönen by 17 points with just two races remaining was a Devon Loch calamity".  Another example occurred ahead of the 2011 Irish presidential election when Seán Gallagher's campaign came undone in the final television debate, his fall from grace was compared to Devon Loch's fall just before the winning post in the 1956 Grand National. 

In an article in The Times on 4 August 2012, Rick Broadbent wrote about the final day of the 2012 Olympics heptathlon competition: "Jessica Ennis is almost there. It would take a Devon Loch-style collapse to deny her the gold medal now."  Referencing Leicester City F.C.'s position atop the Premier League table into the second half of the season, on January 23, 2016 Stuart James for The Guardian wrote, "Without wishing to put any extra pressure on Ranieri and his players, it is starting to look as though it would take a Devon Loch-style collapse for Leicester to miss out on a place in the top four."
Question:
Which jockey rode 'Devon Loch' in the 1956 Grand National?
Answer:
Shattered (Dick Francis novel)
