Passage:
Goathland
Goathland is a village  and parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, it is in the North York Moors national park due north of Pickering, off the A169 to Whitby. It has a station on the steam-operated North Yorkshire Moors Railway line.

According to the 2011 UK census, Goathland parish had a population of 438,  an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 407. 

Goathland village is 500 feet above sea level and has a history extending from Viking times. The name Goathland is probably a corruption of 'good land'. Alternatively, it may come from 'Goda's land', Goda being an Old English personal name. In 1109 King Henry I granted land to Osmund the Priest and the brethren of the hermitage of Goathland, then called Godelandia, for the soul of his mother Queen Matilda, who had died in 1083.  This is recorded in a charter held at Whitby Abbey.    The village was a spa town in the 19th century. There are many hotels and guest houses in the village, the largest, the Mallyan Spout Hotel, is named after a nearby waterfall. There is a caravan site, reached by driving along the track which is the site of the older railway route, 1835 to 1860.

Much of the surrounding land is owned by the Duchy of Lancaster. The Duchy's tenants have a common right extending for hundreds of years to graze their black faced sheep on the village green and surrounding moorland.

Heartbeat connection 

The village was the setting of the fictional village of Aidensfield in the Heartbeat television series set in the 1960s. Many landmarks from the series are recognisable, including the stores, garage/funeral directors, the public house and the railway station. The pub is called the Goathland Hotel, but in the series is the Aidensfield Arms. After filming for some years a replica was built in the studio. 

North Yorkshire Moors Railway 

Goathland railway station is on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway. The railway is run by a charitable trust with some paid staff but is mostly operated by volunteers, running nearly all the year including Christmas. It carries more than 250,000 passengers a year and is the second-longest preserved line in Britain. It links Grosmont in the north with Pickering in the south, along the route of the Whitby - Pickering line built by George Stephenson in 1835 and upgraded in 1865.  From 2007 some trains on the railway were timetabled to run to Whitby and in March 2014 work began in Whitby station to replace a platform and allow more North Yorkshire Moors Railway services to be timetabled Whitby - Pickering.

Goathland railway station was used as the location for Hogsmeade railway station in the Harry Potter films, and the line filmed for Harry's journey.

File:Goathland-south-heather.jpg|Country just south of Goathland
File:Goathland moor north yorkshire.jpg|Moorland at Goathland
File:Goathland_Road.jpg|Goathland's main road
File:Goathland_Church.jpg|Goathland Church
File:Goathland_Railway_Station.jpg|Goathland Railway Station
File:Goathland_Shops.jpg|The shops on the green at Goathland, often seen in ITV's Heartbeat.
File:Goathland_Shops_2.jpg|More shops
File:Goathland_Tea_Room.jpg|Tea room
File:Scripps_Petrol.jpg|Scripps' Funeral Services and Petrol Station, seen on Heartbeat

Appearance in literature

As well as serving as the location for the fictional village of Aidensfield, Goathland features in its own right as an important setting in Dan Chapman's 2014 dystopian, futuristic novel Closed Circuit. Forming a setting for the denouement of the novel, it is explained that the antagonist owns the entire village, and the nearby MoD site serves as a base for his operations.  Goathland also features in "Ice", a novel by Australian writer Louis Nowra (Allen & Unwin, 2008).
Question:
Goathland, near Whitby, is the setting for which TV show?
Answer:
Heart · Beat
Passage:
Avoca, County Wicklow
Avoca () is a small town near Arklow, in County Wicklow, Ireland. It is situated on the River Avoca.

The Avoca area has been associated with its famous copper mines for many years and the valley has been celebrated by Thomas Moore in the famous song "The Meeting of the Waters". The name of the song derives from the meeting of the Avonmore and Avonbeg rivers, about two miles from the village of Avoca. The song is said to have been written under a tree, the stump of which remains by the Meetings.

Avoca is also famous for its handweaving, with Avoca Handweavers based there.

Avoca was once known as Newbridge. It subsequently became known as Ovoca, and then in Victorian times as Avoca. Ptolemy mentions the river Obhoca on his early map of Ireland. The official name of the village is now Avoca in English and Abhóca in Irish. None of the other names are used today.

Avoca has been used as a filming location for several films and television series. The BBC series Ballykissangel was filmed there. In 1967, Avoca was one of the locations used in the film Jules Verne's Rocket to the Moon, and it was the setting for the comedy film Zonad which had a general Irish release in 2010.

The red kite, recently reintroduced to Ireland, is  now commonly seen in and around Avoca.

Mining

Copper mining is reported to have begun in the Avoca River valley around 1720 and it continued, with interruptions, until 1982. Earlier mining, perhaps dating back to the Bronze Age, may have occurred. The East Avoca site, today, is composed mainly of a number of rock waste spoil heaps, abandoned quarries (Cronebane and East Avoca open pits) and disused roads. The largest spoil heap, Mount Platt, was built up from waste rock excavated from Cronebane open pit. There was a mineral tramway built from the West Avoca mines, through the village (on the opposite side of the river) and on to Arklow Harbour. The route of most of this was subsumed into the Dublin-Rosslare railway line, but an arch and a tunnel under the road from Rathdrum to Avoca remains.

Transport

Avoca lies on the R752 regional road linking Rathnew with Woodenbridge. The village is served by Bus Éireann route 133 from Dublin (66 km) and Wicklow (21 km) to Arklow (10 km), with two departures in each direction on Mondays to Saturdays and one each way on Sundays.

There is some local political pressure  to secure reopening of Avoca railway station, from which passenger services were withdrawn on 3 March 1964, almost 101 years after its opening, on the Dublin-Rosslare railway line, on 18 July 1863.

International relations

Avoca has town twinning agreements with:
* Bromham, Wiltshire, England, United Kingdom.
Question:
Which TV series was filmed in the Irish village of Avoca?
Answer:
BallyK
Passage:
Live 8 concert, Chiba
On 2 July 2005, a Live 8 concert was held at Makuhari Messe, Chiba, Japan.

The event is also referred to as "Live 8 Tokyo" or "Live 8 Japan".

The concert was the first Live 8 show to start, because of Japan's earlier time zone. Attendance for the concert was at maximum capacity, but with only 10,000 people attending the show at the Makuhari Messe venue, it was one of the smallest to join the global series of events. (Note: Only 10,000 tickets were available via online lottery)

Live8 Japan organiser Lily Sobhani was given only 1 month to put the concert together, and Japan's event was announced only a week before the concert. As a result, it was unable to attract the same kind of buzz that counterpart concerts in London and Philadelphia did, but attracted international artists Björk, Good Charlotte and McFly, as well as Japanese stars Dreams Come True, Rize, Def Tech, and Do As Infinity.

Japan is the only Asian country in the G8, and the only Asian country that took part in Live 8.

Lineup

In order of appearance:

* Rize (CH 15:00)
* McFly¹ - "I've Got You", "That Girl", "I'll Be OK", "All About You" "5 Colours In Her Hair", "Obviously" (CH 16:30)
* Good Charlotte - "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" "The Anthem", "We Believe" (CH 18:00)
* Dreams Come True - "Mascara Matsuge (Mascara Eyelashes)", "Asahi no Senrei (Morning Baptism)", "Olá! Vitória!", "Nando demo", "Love Love Love (English Version)" (CH 19:30)
* Do As Infinity - "For the future", "Tooku Made", "TAO", "Need Your Love", "Boukensha Tachi", "Honjitsu wa Seiten Nari" (CH 21:00)
* Def Tech (CH 22:30)
* Björk - "Pagan Poetry", "All Is Full of Love", "Desired Constellation", "Jóga", "Hyperballad", "Generous Palmstroke", "Bachelorette", "It's in Our Hands" (CH 00:00)

¹ also performed at the London concert on July 2, 2005 and the Edinburgh concert on July 6, 2005.
Question:
Which was the only 'Live 8' venue that was in Asia?
Answer:
東京都
Passage:
Jennifer Eccles
"Jennifer Eccles" is a 1968 single by the Hollies. It was released with the B-side Open Up Your Eyes on the Parlophone label, Catalogue number R5680. The song reached #7 on the UK singles chart in March 1968.  Around the same time, it was released in the US with a different B-side, "Try It", and reached #40 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Jennifer Eccles (who had "terrible freckles") also features in the song "Lily the Pink" by The Scaffold; the reference is an in-joke, as Graham Nash, who had by now left the Hollies, sang backing vocals on this recording. 

Charts

Other versions

* The independent rock band Eels released a cover on its Useless Trinkets collection of B-sides and rarities.
Question:
"The line ""Jennifer Eccles had terrible freckles"" from the 'Scaffold's', 'Lily The Pink' refers to the single 'Jennifer Eccles' which was a hit for which group?"
Answer:
'THE HOLLIES'
Passage:
gondola | boat | Britannica.com
gondola | boat | Britannica.com
Gondola
lifeboat
Gondola, tapered, 32-foot- (10-metre-) long flat-bottomed boat historically associated with the canals and lagoon of Venice , carrying from two to six passengers. It is propelled from the starboard quarter by a single sweep (oar) manipulated by a gondolier standing on the stern cover, and it has an asymmetrical shape, being 9 inches (23 cm) wider on the port side. A prominent steel beak (ferro) rises from the prow, a lesser one (risso) from the stern. In some gondolas a removable cabin cover (felze) gives passengers shelter and some privacy.
Gondolas on the Grand Canal, Venice.
B. Benjamin/ZEFA
Gondolas are recognizable in paintings by Carpaccio from the late 15th century. The first organized boat racing was done by gondolas in the 16th century; both men and women competed. Once colourful and lavishly decorated, gondolas have been painted black since 1562, when a sumptuary law was passed regulating their appearance. At the time of the edict there were 10,000 in use on the Venetian waters. Today most craft ply for hire, though a few, attended by liveried servants, are still owned privately. The striped or brightly painted mooring posts for gondolas still line many canals. At several locations two-man gondolas called traghetti function as passenger ferries for traversing the Grand Canal .
Gondolas are very costly, and their highly specialized construction is a dying industry. However, their popularity, especially with tourists, remains unabated. A number of river-based cities around the world, and even land-locked hotels such as the Venetian in Las Vegas , Nevada, have adopted them as tourist attractions.
Learn More in these related articles:
in Venice (Italy)
Question:
What city is associated with gondolas?
Answer:
Sestiere (Venice)
Passage:
Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland
Princess Estelle of Sweden, Duchess of Östergötland (Estelle Silvia Ewa Mary; born 23 February 2012), is the elder child and only daughter of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland. She is the first grandchild of King Carl XVI Gustaf, and is second in line of succession to the Swedish throne.

Birth

Princess Estelle was born at 04:26 CET on 23 February 2012.  She weighed  and was 51 cm long at birth.  The birth was greeted by two 21-gun salutes on Skeppsholmen Island, opposite the royal palace in the capital Stockholm.   Her names and title were announced on 24 February 2012 by her maternal grandfather, The King.  The father of the princess registered his legal surname as Bernadotte after marrying her mother who belongs to that royal dynasty. Princess Estelle, like other members of the royal family, does not have a surname. 

There has been speculation that Estelle was given her name in honour of Countess Estelle Bernadotte (1904–1984),   the American wife of Count Folke Bernadotte. On 24 February 2012, the King announced the name at a cabinet meeting saying that the name Estelle is very close to the heart of her mother and also the family. Countess Estelle Bernadotte's son Folke Bernadotte Jr. said in an interview that he is very honoured that  Estelle was (as he assumes) named after his mother, and that the royal family had a special relationship to her and her charity work. 

After the cabinet meeting, a Te Deum was held for her. 

Prior to the official announcement of her name and title, an error resulted in the royal website displaying the false name and title Ulrika Marianna Annika David - Duchess of Upplands Väsby which was later removed.  The staff eventually revealed the reason was that they were testing the system. 

Christening

Estelle was christened on 22 May 2012 at the Royal Chapel of Stockholm Palace in Stockholm, Sweden.  Her godparents were her maternal uncle, Prince Carl Philip of Sweden; her paternal aunt, Anna Westling-Söderström; Willem-Alexander, the then-Prince of Orange; Crown Princess Mary of Denmark (for whom she was given her fourth name); and Crown Prince Haakon of Norway. She was christened in the family's antique christening gown which was first worn by Prince Gustaf Adolf when he was christened in 1906. Her name and date of christening was added in embroidery to the gown.  On the date of the christening, a limited-edition prayer book titled Princess Estelle's Prayerbook (Swedish: Prinsessan Estelles bönbok) was released and published. 

Position

Princess Estelle is second in the line of succession to the Swedish throne.  Princess Estelle is the first female in Swedish history to be born with a right to inherit the crown that cannot be superseded by the birth of a male heir, as well as the first person in Swedish history to be born of a female heir apparent. The only two princesses of Sweden  to be born first in line for the throne were heir presumptive at their birth: Christina (who eventually became queen regnant) and Hedwig Sophia (who was superseded by a younger brother).

Education and royal functions

As second in line to the Swedish throne, Princess Estelle has been in the public eye since birth. On 17 May 2014, two-year-old Princess Estelle undertook her first official engagement, which was inaugurating a fairytale path, named in her honour as "Duchess Estelle's Fairytale Path" in Tåkern, Östergötland. At the time of her christening, she was presented with a miniature swan and certificate to the trail indicating that in the future she would perform official engagements there.  She also visited Linköping Castle, where she was received by Elisabeth Nilsson, Kristina Zetterström and Ann-Catrine Hjerdt, the mayor of Linköping.  

Princess Estelle attended the wedding of her aunt, Princess Madeleine, Duchess of Hälsingland and Gästrikland and Christopher O'Neill on 8 June 2013.
She attended the christening of her cousin the Duchess of Gotland on 8 June 2014.

On 30 July 2014 Crown Princess Victoria and Princess Estelle visited Sollidens castle. 

On 25 August 2014, Princess Estelle started preschool at Äventyret Preschool in Danderyd Municipality, Stockholm. The Äventyret Preschool was founded in 1992 and uses the Ur & Skur outdoor teaching methods to teach children about nature and to convey a sense of the natural world.   Äventyret means adventure in Swedish. 

On 13 June 2015, Princess Estelle served as a bridesmaid at the wedding of her maternal uncle.

Titles, styles, and honours

Titles and styles

Estelle is styled as: Her Royal Highness Princess Estelle of Sweden, Duchess of Östergötland.

Swedish appointments and honours

* : 
**Member of the Royal Order of the Seraphim (23 February 2012, presented 22 May 2012) 
** Commemorative Ruby Jubilee Medal of His Majesty The King (15 September 2013) 
** Commemorative 70th Birthday Medal of His Majesty The King (30 April 2016)

Ancestry
Question:
Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland, granddaughter to King Carl XVI Gustaf, became 2nd in line to what nation's throne when born in 2012?
Answer:
Swedish sin
Passage:
Pasta Names and Shapes… Explained! - Walks of Italy Blog
Pasta Names and Shapes... Explained!
Home » All Articles » Food & Wine » Pasta Names and Shapes… Explained!
Pasta Names and Shapes… Explained!
Farfalle, or "butterfly," pasta
Orecchiette, an interestingly-shaped pasta from Puglia, gives away its shape with its Italian name…
Ever wanted to learn how to make your own delicious pasta from an expert Italian chef? We’d love to teach you in Rome with our ever-popular pasta-making class !
Bucatini, spaghetti, tortellini, rigatoni: There are hundreds of kinds of Italian pastas, and each one has its own, special name. That’s pretty confusing… but it’s also fun!
We’ve said many times before that Italian food is regional (in fact, there’s no such thing as “Italian food”). Pasta is a major part of that. Local kinds of pasta in Tuscany differ from those in Rome, Milan, or Puglia.
For us, though, one of the really fun things about Italian pasta—and the names of Italian pastas—are that each pasta name actually means something. Usually, in fact, the name gives away the shape of the pasta itself.
Want proof? Here are just some of our favorite pastas, and what their names mean in Italian!
Bucatini all’amatriciana, a popular dish in Rome
Bucatini: One of the most popular kinds of pasta in Rome, bucatini look like thick spaghetti—but they have a tiny hole in the middle. (Think of a Twizzler!). What does bucatini mean? “Little holes!”. (Buco means hole, while adding an –ino, or –ini for plural, means “small”).
Cannelloni: These big tubes of pasta (usually stuffed and popped in the oven) are named after, well, “big tubes.” (Adding -one, or –oni for plural, means “big”).
Farfalle, or “butterfly,” pasta
Farfalle: This pasta might have the prettiest name of them all… “butterflies”! Hence the shape—of a bow tie, or (more creatively) a butterfly.
Fettuccine: This flat, ribbon-shaped pasta is named after, you guessed it, “little ribbons.”
Fusilli pasta might just be named after… rifles!
Fusilli: This pasta is thought to come from the word “fucile,” or “rifle”. Makes sense because fusilli are spiral-shaped… as is the inside barrel of a gun.
Linguine: This flattened, long pasta is named after “little tongues” (tongues: lingue, and the -in makes them “small”).
Orecchiette: This pasta, unique to the region of Puglia, means “little ears.” Sure enough, it’s an ear-shaped pasta.
Penne: An easy one, penne means “pens.” Next time you have a bowl of penne, check it out: The end of each piece of penne is similar to the tip of a fountain pen.
Spaghetti: Spaghi are “twines”; an -ett makes them small, so these are “little twines.” Perfect, right?
Strozzapreti pasta
Strozzapreti: From central Italy, especially Emilia-Romagna, Umbria and Tuscany, this pasta might have the strangest name of them all: “priest-strangler.” No one’s exactly sure where the name comes from. Some think it’s because priests loved the pasta so much, they ate too quickly and choked.
Vermicelli: In Italy, this is a tubular pasta that’s a little thicker than spaghetti. The name means “little worms.” Sounds gross—but, of course, tastes great!
(Check out the video below to learn how to make carbonara, a classic Roman pasta, from scratch!).
What’s your favorite pasta—or pasta name? Tell us in the comments!
Question:
Which type of pasta has a name meaning 'little tongues'?
Answer:
Linguini
Passage:
Kit Williams
Christopher 'Kit' Williams (born 28 April 1946 in Kent, England) is an English artist, illustrator and author best known for his 1979 book Masquerade, a pictorial storybook which contains clues to the location of a golden (18 carat) jewelled hare created by Williams and then buried "somewhere in Britain".  

Williams published three other books and was commissioned to create three public clocks with elaborate mechanisms and moving parts, such as animals, for visual interest.

Williams continues to paint figurative art at his studio in Gloucestershire, England.

Work

Kit Williams now primarily works as a figurative painter in which he uses traditional oil-painting techniques, fashioning first a wooden panel covered in linen and oil gesso. He then uses many layers of opaque and transparent Dutch oil paint to create luminous images.

Williams likes to maintain complete control of every aspect of his artwork including making the clothes worn by the models, creating sets and props, and often making mechanisms either within the frame or the painting that reveal moving elements of the artwork and encourage interaction by the viewer.

Using marquetry, he has always made his own frames which enables him to make pictures of any shape and allow elements of the picture to continue into the frame in often intricate detail. 

Past work

As well as his most well-known book Masquerade, Williams wrote The Bee on the Comb, a puzzle book with a bee theme; the book was initially published without a visible title, and readers were challenged to work out the title from clues inside the book, and send in their answer without using the written word. This competition ran for just a year and a day and the winner was revealed on the live BBC TV chatshow Wogan.

In 1985, Kit Williams designed the Wishing Fish Clock, a centrepiece of the Regent Arcade shopping centre in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England. Over 45 feet tall, the clock features a duck that lays a never-ending stream of golden eggs and includes a family of mice that are continually trying to evade a snake sitting on top of the clock. Hanging from the base of the clock is a large wooden fish that blows bubbles every half-hour. Catching one of these bubbles entitles you to make a wish, hence the name of the clock.

Other clocks designed by Williams can be found in Telford Shopping Centre and in the Midsummer Place section of Central Milton Keynes Shopping Centre.

Williams was also involved in the design of the Dragonfly Maze in Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire, England, which comprises a yew maze with a pavilion at the centre.  The object is not only to reach the pavilion, but to gather clues as one navigates the maze.  Correctly interpreting these clues when one reaches the pavilion allows access to the maze's final secret.

Masquerade and the Golden Hare

In August 2009, Kit Williams was reunited with the golden hare which he had not seen for more than 30 years.  He is quoted as saying:

"I had not remembered it being as delicate as it is ... Then when I picked it up the little bells jingled, and it sparkled in a way that I had forgotten as well."  

This reuniting was revealed in a BBC Four sixty-minute documentary on Williams's work, The Man Behind The Masquerade on 2 December 2009, beginning with Masquerade and ending with an exhibition of the best 18 pieces of his art from the last thirty years at London's Portal Gallery, which had first exhibited his work in the 1970s. The programme showed Williams being reunited with the golden hare for the first time when it was loaned by its anonymous present owner in the Far East. 

The hare was on display at the V&A Museum, London, as part of its "British Design 1948–2012" retrospective from 31 March to 12 August 2012. 

Select bibliography

*Kit Williams, Masquerade, J. Cape, 1979 ( ISBN 0-8052-3747-X )
*Kit Williams, Masquerade: The Complete Book with the Answer Explained, J. Cape, 1982 [paperback] ( ISBN 0-89480-369-7 )
*Kit Williams, Book Without a Name (referred to by Williams as "the Bee Book"), Knopf, 1984 ( ISBN 0-394-53817-X )
*Kit Williams, Out of One Eye: The Art of Kit Williams, Crown, 1986 ( ISBN 0-517-56431-9 )
*Kit Williams, Engines of Ingenuity, Gingko Press, 2001 ( ISBN 1-58423-106-8 )
Question:
Which book by Kit Williams caused controversy when people were digging up ground in an effort to find a pendant with a golden hare on it?
Answer:
The Masquerader (disambiguation)
Passage:
Alfama
The Alfama is the oldest district of Lisbon, spreading on the slope between the São Jorge Castle and the Tejo river. Its name comes from the Arabic Al-hamma, meaning "hot fountains" or "baths" (the name "Alfama" could also be derived from the Arabic word Alfamm, meaning the "mouth" in Arabic. It is pronounced variously depending on the location of the word in a sentence). The district includes the freguesias (parishes) of São Miguel, Santo Estêvão, São Vicente de Fora and part of the two streets, "Freguesia da Sé:  Rua do Barão" and "Rua São João da Praça". It contains many important historical attractions, as well as an abundance of Fado bars and restaurants.

History 

The Rua do Barão is one of the streets of the Freguesia da Sé, which begins at the Rua São João da Praça (where once stood the Door of the Alfama) and ends at Rua Augusto Rosa (at the Cathedral's walls). The toponym "Rua do Barão" is because João Fernandes da Silveira, the first Baron of Alvito, minister of Portuguese kings Dom Afonso V and Dom João II, lived here. 

During the times of Moorish domination, Alfama constituted the whole of the city, which later spread to the West (Baixa neighbourhood). Alfama became inhabited by the fishermen and the poor, and its condition as the neighbourhood of the poor continues to this day. The great 1755 Lisbon earthquake did not destroy the Alfama, which has remained a picturesque labyrinth of narrow streets and small squares. Lately the neighbourhood has been invigorated with the renovation of the old houses and new restaurants where Fado—Portuguese typical melancholy music—can be enjoyed.

Overlooking the Alfama is the mediaeval Castle of São Jorge, royal residence until the early 16th century and now offering the best views of the city. In the slopes of Alfama there are other terraces (miradouros) from which to see the city, like the Miradouro de Santa Luzia, near the church of the same name and over remnants of the Moorish city walls, and the Miradouro das Portas do Sol (Gates of the Sun). Near Miradouro of Santa Luzia is located the Museum of Decorative Arts (Museu de Artes Decorativas), a 17th-century mansion with magnificent interiors.

Among the churches of the Alfama are Lisbon Cathedral (12th–14th centuries), the oldest of the city and located to the West of the neighbourhood, the Convent of the Grace (Convento da Graça, 18th century), near the Castle, the mannerist Monastery of São Vicente de Fora (late 16th–18th century), where the Kings of the House of Braganza are buried, and the baroque Church of Santa Engrácia (17th century), now converted into a National Pantheon for important Portuguese personalities.

From 2012, Alfama is part of the freguesia of Santa Maria Maior. 

Views 

Gallery 

Image:Lissabon Strassenbahn.jpg|Old tram in the Alfama, in front of the Museum of Decorative Arts 
Image:Vistas de Lisboa desde el Mirador de Santa Luzia, Portugal, 2012-05-12, DD 06.JPG|Alfama at dusk 
Image:Alfama (by Awersowy) 6.jpg|A typical Alfama street
Question:
Which European capital city has districts called Alfama and Baixa?
Answer:
Capital of Portugal
Passage:
Marty McFly
Martin Seamus "Marty" McFly is a fictional character in the Back to the Future trilogy. He is portrayed by actor Michael J. Fox. Marty also appears in the animated series, where he was voiced by David Kaufman. In the videogame by Telltale Games, he is voiced by A.J. Locascio; in addition, Fox voiced Marty's future counterparts at the end of the game. In 2008, Marty McFly was selected by Empire magazine as the 12th Greatest Movie Character of All Time. 

Eric Stoltz was originally cast as Marty McFly, but after five weeks of shooting scenes for the first film, director Robert Zemeckis and executive producer Steven Spielberg chose to re-cast the role to Fox.

Biography

Marty was born in Hill Valley, California to a family of Irish descent. Little is known about Marty's life prior to the first Back to the Future film, except for the fact that he set fire to the living-room rug when he was 8 years old (which is revealed via a statement of Marty's to his future parents). 

In 1985, Marty plays guitar with his group The Pinheads and likes listening to Huey Lewis and the News, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, and Van Halen. He is also a talented skateboarder and proven to be an excellent shot with a gun, honed by endlessly playing shooting games such as Wild Gunman at his local 7-Eleven.  

Marty is an accident-prone everyman who can sometimes lack critical thinking skills; he is nevertheless brave in the face of danger and can be very quick-witted and intelligent. He has shown some good and basic street fighting skills and often throws punches in hand-to-hand confrontations. He is loyal to his family and friends, regardless of whether or not he is estranged from them.  His major character flaw is his pride, which causes him to take unnecessary risks to show others that he is not a chicken, as demonstrated at various points throughout the trilogy. However, during a visit in 1885, when his ancestor Seamus McFly mentions that his brother Martin was killed in an argument after someone questioned his bravery, Marty begins to re-think his stance on what other people think of him.  At one point, Doc even inadvertently implies that Marty could possibly meet a similar fate (his near future involvement in a dire traffic collision after being taunted by his school rival Douglas J. Needles), leading Marty to considering his actions further. Later, Biff Tannen's great-grandfather, Buford, goads Marty into a showdown, which ends with Marty victorious.  However, the experience from this event, in addition to Seamus's advice, changes Marty.  This is highlighted when, despite Needles' goading, Marty refuses to race him, thus avoiding the aforementioned automobile accident. Over the course of the story, Marty learns how to make his decisions on his own terms instead of being influenced by others, thereby changing his future for the better.

Family

Marty McFly is the youngest of three children from George McFly and Lorraine Baines-McFly. He has a brother Dave McFly and a sister Linda McFly. His secondary entourage consists of girlfriend Jennifer Parker and best friend Emmett Brown, a scientist whom Marty and Jennifer call "Doc." There is an impression that Marty is embarrassed by his family and does not spend much time at home, preferring to hang out with Doc, Jennifer, or the guys in his band, The Pinheads.  However, Marty's relationships with his family changed after he returns from 1955, with him no longer being estranged from his parents and his father working as a local college professor and a successful novelist in the alternate timeline he inadvertently created.  Marty also meets his great-great paternal grandparents Seamus and Maggie, when he was stranded in 1885. He also meets their infant son William, Marty's great grandfather.  Through his interaction with Seamus and Maggie, Marty discovers that Seamus had a brother named Martin, thus Marty's great-great granduncle, who died prior to the events of the third film.

How exactly Marty and Doc met has never been explained, although a draft script for the first film states that, in 1983, Doc turned up at Marty's garage one day and offered him $50 a week, plus free beer and use of his record collection, to clean his garage.  This explanation is not accepted by most fans, as it contradicts the characterizations of Marty and Doc as seen in the finished film. Writers Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale say they once considered expanding on their relationship, but decided against it, reasoning that children and adolescents are often drawn to eccentric or mysterious neighbors.

By 2015, Marty has married his girlfriend Jennifer and they had twins, Martin "Marty" Jr. and Marlene, who were born on April 28, 1998 (both played by Michael J. Fox). However, the events at the end of Back To The Future Part III, where Marty avoided the race with Needles, may affect the outcome of events as seen in Part II.

Aliases

Marty has had many false names through the Back to the Future series, usually because of encountering his relatives at some point, most notably Lorraine mistakenly thinking his name is Calvin Klein, due to it being Marty's brand of underwear. In the first film, Marty uses the alias of "Darth Vader, an extraterrestrial from the Planet Vulcan" while wearing a radiation suit in an attempt to coerce George into asking Lorraine out to the dance. In Part III, Marty claims to be "Clint Eastwood" when asked for a name first by Maggie McFly and later by Buford Tannen. In Back to the Future: The Game, he uses one of the three aliases; Sonny Crockett, Harry Callahan, and Michael Corleone.

In Italy and Spain, Calvin Klein was not well known in the mid-1980s, so the name "Levi Strauss" was used in both countries. In France, the name was similarly changed to "Pierre Cardin."
Question:
Who played 'Marty McFly in the film 'Back to the Future'?
Answer:
Michael Andrew Fox
Passage:
Women in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
The representation of Women in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom has been an issue in the politics of the United Kingdom at numerous points in the 20th and 21st centuries. Originally debate centered on whether women should be allowed to vote and stand for election as Members of Parliament. The Parliament (Qualification of Women) Act 1918  gave women over 21 the right to stand for election as a Member of Parliament.

In more modern times concerns about the under-representation of women led the Labour Party to introduce all-women short lists, something which was later held to breach discrimination laws.

Between 1918 and 2015, a total of 450 women have been elected as Members of the House of Commons, which is fewer than the number of men (459) in the 2015 Parliament. 

Suffrage

In 1867, John Stuart Mill was the first Member of Parliament to raise the issue of women's suffrage in the House of Commons. Following this attempts were made to widen the franchise in every Parliament. 

Women gained the right to vote with the passing of the Representation of the People Act 1918 after World War I. This gave the vote to women over the age of 30. However, the Speakers Conference which was charged with looking into giving women the vote did not have as its terms of reference, consideration to women standing as candidates for parliament. However, Sir Herbert Samuel, the former Liberal Home Secretary, moved a separate motion on 23 October 1918 to allow women to be eligible as Members of Parliament. The vote was passed by 274 to 25 and the government rushed through a Bill to make it law in time for the 1918 General Election.  This Bill did not specify any age restriction, unlike the voting Bill.  This later led to a number of incidents of women under the age of 30, who were not allowed to vote, standing for parliament, notably the 27-year-old Liberal Ursula Williams standing in 1923. 

Landmarks and records

*The first successful female candidate was the Sinn Féin politician Countess Constance Markievicz, she however did not take her seat in common with her Irish nationalist parties' policy of abstentionism. 
*The first woman to take her seat in the House of Commons was Nancy Astor, Viscountess Astor.
*The first woman to hold a Ministerial post was Margaret Bondfield who was appointed Under Secretary in the Ministry of Labour in the 1924 government of Ramsay MacDonald.
*The first female Prime Minister was Margaret Thatcher who led the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990.
*In 1992 Betty Boothroyd was elected as the first female Speaker of the House of Commons. As of 2015 she remains the only female to hold the office of Speaker.
*Irene Ward was the longest serving female MP in the House of Commons. She was an MP from 1931–1945 and from 1950-1974.
*Gwyneth Dunwoody was the longest continuously serving female MP. She became an MP in 1974 and died in April 2008, just beating Barbara Castle, who was elected as MP for Blackburn in 1945 and retired in 1979.

Current and historic representation

The publication of the book Women in the House by Elizabeth Vallance in 1979 highlighted the issue of lack of representation of women in Parliament. 

All-women shortlists

All-women shortlists, a method of affirmative action has been used by the Labour Party to increase the representation of women. In 2002 this method of selection was ruled to breach the Sex Discrimination Act 1975. In response to this ruling the Sex Discrimination (Election Candidates) Act 2002 legalised all-women short lists as a method of selection. The Equality Act 2010 extends this exemption from discrimination law to 2030.

2015 election

As elected in the 2015 general election.
   

2010 election

As elected in the 2010 general election.
Question:
Who was the second woman elected to the House of Commons?
Answer:
Nancy astor
Passage:
James, Viscount Severn
James, Viscount Severn   (James Alexander Philip Theo Mountbatten-Windsor; born 17 December 2007), is the younger child and only son of the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and the youngest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh. At birth, he was eighth in line to succeed his grandmother; he is currently tenth.

Life

Lord Severn was born by caesarean section at 16:20 UTC on 17 December 2007, at Frimley Park Hospital.  Prince Edward, who was present for the birth of his second child, remarked that the birth was "a lot calmer than last time" (a reference to the emergency delivery of their first child, Lady Louise), that his wife was "doing very well," and that his son was "like most babies, rather small, very cute and very cuddly." The baby and his mother were released from hospital on 20 December, and the following day his names were announced as James Alexander Philip Theo.  His sister, Lady Louise Windsor, is four years his senior. The siblings live with their parents at Bagshot Park in Surrey.

James was admitted to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London on 24 January 2008, with what Buckingham Palace called a "minor allergic reaction."  He was released from the hospital within days.

James was baptised on 19 April 2008, in the Private Chapel of Windsor Castle by the Dean of Windsor, Bishop David Conner.  His christening gown was a newly made replica of the gown originally used by his great-great-great-grand-aunt Victoria, the eldest daughter of Queen Victoria, in 1840. It has been worn for most royal christenings since then, and the original gown has now been preserved. Severn's godparents are Denise Poulton, Jeanye Irwin, Alastair Bruce of Crionaich, Duncan Bullivant, and Tom Hill. 

In April 2015 James and his older sister Lady Louise accompanied their parents on an engagement in South Africa.  

Titles, styles and honours

Titles and styles

Letters patent issued in 1917 (and still remaining in force today) assign a princely status and the style of Royal Highness to all male-line grandchildren of a monarch.  Therefore, all else being equal, James would have been styled as His Royal Highness Prince James of Wessex. However, when his parents married, the Queen, via a Buckingham Palace press release, announced that their children would be styled as the children of an earl, rather than as princes or princesses.  Thus, as is customary, court communications refer to him as Lord Severn, which is one of his father's subsidiary titles. His full title is James, The Viscount Severn.

Honours

In June 2008, to recognise a visit by his father to the Canadian province of Manitoba, the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba-in-Council named a lake in the north of the province after Lord Severn. 

Ancestry

His mother descends from King Henry IV of England.  James is also distantly related to the family of the Viscounts Molesworth  via the descent of his mother's grandmother - Margaret Patricia Molesworth - from Robert Molesworth, 1st Viscount Molesworth.
Question:
Who is the father of James, Viscount Severn?
Answer:
HRH The Earl of Wessex
Passage:
How to Make a Red Pasta Sauce (with Pictures) - wikiHow
How to Make a Red Pasta Sauce (with Pictures) - wikiHow
How to Make a Red Pasta Sauce
Two Methods: Smooth Sauce Chunky Sauce Community Q&A
Pasta needs a good sauce, and tomato is the most basic. Below you will find two easy recipes that can be made quickly and still impresses anyone when they find out it wasn't that red stuff in a jar. Just get started with Step 1 below!
Ingredients
1/2 can of tomato paste
1 can of diced tomatoes
Carrots
Spices as desired or suggested
Chunky Sauce
A large (or two small) can(s) of crushed tomatoes
Couple tbs Olive oil
At least three cloves of garlic (more to taste)
Herbs such as oregano, basil, and thyme (the first two are a must)
Salt and pepper
Cheese to make it creamier, thicken, and enhance taste(optional)
Steps
Pour water into the saucepan. Pour 2 cups of warm water into a saucepan.
2
Add half a can of tomato paste. Mix it well with the water.
3
Add 1 can of diced tomatoes. Do not drain the water from the can, but include it in the sauce.
4
Add in the carrots. Finely grate 2 medium carrots or 1 large carrot and add that to the saucepan.
5
Add in the onions. Dice 1/3 of an onion and add it to the sauce. The type of onion is up to you but red and sweet onions work best.
You can alternatively use 2-3 shallots.
6
Add in the spices. Add in 1-2 cloves of chopped garlic, 1/2 tsp of celery salt, 1 tsp of dried oregano (or fresh equivalent), 1 tbsp of dried basil (or fresh equivalent), and optionally 1 chicken bouillon cube and/or 1 bay leaf.
7
Bring to a boil on medium heat. Mix the ingredients well and then bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat.
8
Simmer. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot, and simmer for 15-30 minutes. The longer the simmer, the more the flavors will be drawn out. Remove from heat when done.
9
Blend the sauce. Once the sauce is cooked, if you do not like the consistency, you can make it even smoother by using a blender or a blending wand to get it as smooth as possible.
Method
If this is intended for pasta, start boiling the water.
2
Crush and chop the garlic. You can do this however you like, as long as the oils can escape freely.
3
Heat up the olive oil in a saucepan on medium-high heat.
4
Put in the garlic, wait a while (about a minute) and add the herbs and wait a few seconds. If you're using wine, this is when you should add it.
5
Pour the tomatoes in and stir. Turn the stove to high.
6
Question:
What is used to turn pasta red
Answer:
Tomato
Passage:
Acquittal
In the common law tradition, an acquittal formally certifies that the accused is free from the charge of an offense, as far as the criminal law is concerned. This is so even where the prosecution is abandoned nolle prosequi. The finality of an acquittal is dependent on the jurisdiction. In some countries, such as the United States, under the rules of double jeopardy and autrefois acquit, an acquittal operates to bar the retrial of the accused for the same offense, even if new evidence surfaces that further implicates the accused. The effect of an acquittal on criminal proceedings is the same whether it results from a jury verdict, or whether it results from the operation of some other rule that discharges the accused. In other countries, the prosecuting authority may appeal an acquittal similar to how a defendant may appeal a conviction.

Scotland

Scots law has two acquittal verdicts: not guilty  and not proven.  However a verdict of "not proven" does not give rise to the double jeopardy rule.

England and Wales

In England and Wales, which share a common legal system, the Criminal Justice Act 2003 creates an exception to the double jeopardy rule, by providing that retrials may be ordered if "new and compelling evidence" comes to light after an acquittal for a serious crime. Also the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 permits a "tainted acquittal" to be set aside in circumstances where it is proved beyond reasonable doubt that an acquittal has been obtained by violence or threats of violence to a witness or juror/s.

In modern England and Wales, and in all countries that substantially follow English criminal procedure, an acquittal normally results in the immediate liberation of the defendant from custody, assuming no other charges against the defendant remain to be tried.  However, until 1774 a defendant acquitted by an English or Welsh court would be remanded to jail until he had paid the jailer for the costs of his confinement.  It was known for acquitted persons to die in jail for lack of jailer's fees. 

United States

With one exception, in the United States an acquittal cannot be appealed by the prosecution because of constitutional prohibitions against double jeopardy.  The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled:

If the judgment is upon an acquittal, the defendant, indeed, will not seek to have it reversed, and the government cannot. U.S. v. Sanges, 144 U.S. 310 (1892).   Ball v. U.S., 163 U.S. 662, 671 (1896)

A verdict of acquittal, although not followed by any judgment, is a bar to a subsequent prosecution for the same offense. Ball, supra, at 672.

Society's awareness of the heavy personal strain which a criminal trial represents for the individual defendant is manifested in the willingness to limit the Government to a single criminal proceeding to vindicate its very vital interest in enforcement of criminal laws. United States v. Jorn, 400 U.S. 470, 479  (1971)

Whether the trial is to a jury or, as here, to the bench, subjecting the defendant to postacquittal factfinding proceedings going to guilt or innocence violates the Double Jeopardy Clause.  Smalis v. Pennsylvania, 476 U.S. 140 (1986)

It was decided in Fong Foo v. United States, 369 U.S. 141 (1962) that a judgment of acquittal by a jury cannot be appealed by the prosecution.  In United States v. Jenkins, 420 U.S. 358 (1975), this was held applicable to bench trials.  In Arizona v. Rumsey, 467 U.S. 203 (1984), it was ruled that in a bench trial, when a judge was holding a separate hearing after the jury trial, to decide if the defendant should be sentenced to death or life imprisonment, the judge decided that the circumstances of the case did not permit death to be imposed. On appeal the judge's ruling was found to be erroneous.  However, even though the decision to impose a life sentence instead of death was based on an erroneous interpretation of the law by the judge, the finding of life imprisonment in the original case constituted an acquittal of the death penalty and thus death could not be imposed upon a subsequent trial.  Even though the acquittal of the death penalty was erroneous in that case, the acquittal must stand.

The only exception to an acquittal being final is if the defendant was never in actual jeopardy.  If a defendant bribes a judge and obtains acquittal as a result of a bench trial, the acquittal is not valid because the defendant was never in jeopardy in the first place. Harry Aleman v. Judges of the Criminal Division, Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, et al., 138 F.3d 302 (7th Cir. 1998). 

An acquittal, while conclusive as to the criminal law, does not necessarily bar private civil actions in tort or on some other grounds as a result of the facts alleged in the charge. For example, the City of Los Angeles was held liable in 1994 for the 1991 Rodney King beating despite state acquittals in 1992 of all four of its four main LAPD defendants and O. J. Simpson was held civilly liable in 1997 for wrongful death even after being tried and acquitted in 1995 of murder. An acquittal also does not bar prosecution for the same offenses under a statute of a different jurisdiction. For example, in the United States, someone acquitted of a state murder charge can be retried for the same actions on a federal charge of violating civil rights, and police acquitted of a state charge of felonious assault, as in the Rodney King case, can likewise be tried on federal civil rights charges.
Question:
Which former American football star was acquitted of killing his ex-wife and was later convicted of armed robbery and kidnapping?
Answer:
Orenthal James
Passage:
Blood, toil, tears, and sweat
The phrase blood, toil, tears and sweat became famous in a speech given by Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 13 May 1940.

Background

This was Churchill's first speech[http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1940/may/13/his-majestys-government-1 Hansard debate, 13 May 1940 "HIS MAJESTY'S GOVERNMENT"] on 13 May 1940 to the House of Commons after having been offered the King's commission the previous Friday, to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the first year of World War II. Churchill had replaced Neville Chamberlain on 10 May, and in this speech he asked the House to declare its confidence in his Government. The motion passed unanimously. This was the first of three speeches which he gave during the period of the Battle of France, which commenced on 10 May.

History of the phrase

Churchill had used similar phrases earlier, as "Their sweat, their tears, their blood" in 1931Bohle, Bruce. Quoted in  and "new structures of national life erected upon blood, sweat, and tears".

Churchill's sentence, "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat," has been called a paraphrase of one uttered on 2 July 1849 by Giuseppe Garibaldi when rallying his revolutionary forces in Rome: "I offer hunger, thirst, forced marches, battle, and death."  As a young man, Churchill had considered writing a biography of Garibaldi.   Theodore Roosevelt uttered a phrase similar to Churchill's in an address to the Naval War College on 2 June 1897, following his appointment as Assistant Secretary of the Navy: "Every man among us is more fit to meet the duties and responsibilities of citizenship because of the perils over which, in the past, the nation has triumphed; because of the blood and sweat and tears, the labor and the anguish, through which, in the days that have gone, our forefathers moved on to triumph."  Churchill's line has been called a "direct quotation" from Roosevelt's speech.   Churchill, a keen soldier, was likely to have read works by Theodore Roosevelt, who was a widely published military historian; it is also possible he read the speech after being appointed First Lord of the Admiralty, a position similar to Roosevelt's.

Other versions of the phrase are "It [poetry] is forged slowly and painfully, link by link, with blood and sweat and tears" (Lord Alfred Douglas, 1919), "Blood, sweat, and tear-wrung millions" (Lord Byron, 1823), and "...mollifie/ It with thy teares, or sweat, or blood" (John Donne, 1611). In Latin, Cicero and Livy had used the phrase "sweat and blood". 

Excerpts 

We are in the preliminary stage of one of the greatest battles in history.... That we are in action at many points—in Norway and in Holland—, that we have to be prepared in the Mediterranean. That the air battle is continuous, and that many preparations have to be made here at home.

I would say to the House as I said to those who have joined this government: I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We have before us many, many long months of struggle and of suffering.

You ask, what is our policy? I will say: It is to wage war, by sea, land and air, with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us; to wage war against a monstrous tyranny, never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy. You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: Victory. Victory at all costs—Victory in spite of all terror—Victory, however long and hard the road may be, for without victory there is no survival.

(Text transcription as originally read by Churchill)

Reaction 

Churchill had not been the preferred choice of most Conservatives to succeed Chamberlain, but the motion on 13 May "That this House welcomes the formation of a Government representing the united and inflexible resolve of the nation to prosecute the war with Germany to a victorious conclusion" passed unanimously. He had been unpopular in many circles since the 1930s and MPs had ignored or heckled his speeches denouncing the prime minister's appeasement policy toward Germany; even others who opposed Chamberlain avoided him. One historian has described the speech's effect on Parliament, however, as "electrifying ... He was still speaking at the House of Commons, but it was now listening, and cheering."  (However, Churchill himself subsequently held that many Conservative MPs had still regarded him with reserve and it was not until his speech of 4 July 1940 announcing British action against the French fleet at Mers-el-Kebir that he could feel he had the full support of the whole House)    Other great speeches followed, including the "We shall fight on the beaches" speech of 4 June and the "This was their finest hour" speech of 18 June, and were a great inspiration and unifying force to Britain after its defeats in the first year of the war.

Trivia 

On 26 April 2013, the Bank of England announced that beneath a portrait of Churchill the phrase "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat." is to adorn the new 5 pound note which is to be issued from 2016 onwards.
Question:
"Who first said or wrote ""I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat""?"
Answer:
Tango (cat)
Passage:
Tommy Lawrence
Thomas Johnstone "Tommy" Lawrence (born 14 May 1940) is a former Scottish professional footballer who was goalkeeper for Liverpool and Tranmere Rovers in the 1950s through to the 1970s.

Personal life

Born in Dailly, Ayrshire the Lawrence family moved to the north-west of England when Tommy was a child. On leaving school he worked at Rylands wire factory and played for Warrington Town F.C. as an amateur, before joining Liverpool in 1957 at age 17.

After retiring from professional football, Lawrence returned to work at Rylands as a quality controller.

In February 2015, Lawrence was inadvertently interviewed in the street by BBC journalist Stuart Flinders who was asking elderly people if they remembered the 1966–67 FA Cup Fifth Round game between Liverpool and Everton. Lawrence replied "I do, I played in it. I was the goalkeeper for Liverpool." 

Professional career

Liverpool, 1957–1971

In 1957 Liverpool manager Phil Taylor offered him a professional contract. He made his first team debut under manager Bill Shankly, playing against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns on 27 October 1962, in a 1–0 loss. His first clean-sheet came on 17 November, when Liverpool beat fellow promotion hopefuls Leyton Orient at Anfield 5–0, with Roger Hunt scoring a hat-trick.

Lawrence went on to retain the No.1 jersey that season making 35 appearances, including 6 ties in Liverpool's run to the FA Cup semi-final at Hillsborough. Leicester City were their opponents and prevented the Reds from reaching the 1963 FA Cup Final by winning the game 1–0. Liverpool had finished in a very respectable 8th place in their first season back in the 1st Division. However, this achievement was tempered by the fact that their Merseyside rivals Everton won the 1962-63 league championship. The following season Lawrence played 40 times out of a possible 42. He also played in 5 cup ties as Liverpool got the better of their local rivals Everton. They also won the 1963-64 league championship, 4 points clear of Manchester United.

In the 1964–65 season Lawrence and Liverpool were unable to repeat the previous season's achievements, finishing in 7th place and a full 17 points behind winners Manchester United. However, Liverpool's run in the FA Cup took them to Wembley for the first time since 1950. The Anfield club had never won the prestigious trophy, so the 1965 FA Cup Final against Leeds United  assumed great importance. Leeds had conceded just 2 goals during their run to the final, but so had Lawrence. This meant a tight game was predicted and this turned out to be the case with Lawrence keeping a clean sheet during the 90 minutes of normal time. Liverpool also could not score so the game went into extra-time. After 3 minutes of the extra period Roger Hunt opened the scoring for Liverpool, but the lead lasted just 2 minutes as Billy Bremner scored the equaliser. The score remained 1–1 and the game looked to be heading for a replay until the 113th minute when Ian St John headed the ball home past a tiring Leeds defence. Liverpool held on to the final whistle and the FA Cup was heading to Anfield for the very first time with Shankly, Lawrence and the rest of the Liverpool team writing their name down as Liverpool legends forever more.

Lawrence was to enjoy more success the following season as the Reds found their league form once more, winning the 1965/66 title by 6 clear points over a Leeds side that were surely beginning to hate the sight of them. Shankly must have been overjoyed at the fact that Everton finished a full 20 points adrift of his beloved Liverpool. Such was Lawrence's form, consistency and luck (he was rarely injured) that he missed only a handful of games for eight years thereafter. A firm fan favourite he earned the affectionate nickname The Flying Pig because of his ability to dive around the penalty area despite weighing more than 14 stone (89 kg).

Lawrence held off the challenge of precocious teenage keeper Ray Clemence when the youngster arrived from Scunthorpe United in 1967 but Liverpool were already going through a slump as the team aged. Though Lawrence was not the eldest, and as a goalkeeper was considered the sort of player who could carry on for longer than most, he was suddenly removed from the team in favour of Clemence after the notorious 1–0 6th round FA Cup defeat at Watford in 1970; along with outfield players Ron Yeats and  Ian St John. He played for Liverpool only once again (against Manchester City in a 2–2 draw at Maine Road on 26 April 1971.

During his time at Liverpool, he won 3 caps for Scotland.  His debut came on 3 June 1963 in a friendly international at Dalymount Park, Dublin. Unfortunately for Lawrence the Republic of Ireland won the match 1–0. Lawrence never managed to keep a clean sheet at national level, his 2 other appearances, both 6 years later in 1969, being a 1–1 draw with West Germany in a World Cup qualifier and a 5–3 victory over Wales in a British Home Championship match. During his last international appearance, against Wales, Lawrence collided with the crossbar and had to be carried off.

Tranmere, 1971–74

After 390 appearances in the Liverpool goal Lawrence joined Tranmere Rovers on 10 November 1971, he then drifted back into the non-league game with Chorley before retiring.

Honours

*Football League First Division (2): 1963–64, 1965–66
*FA Cup (1): 1964–65
*FA Charity Shield (3): 1964, 1965, 1966
Question:
Which footballer was known as 'The Flying Pig'?
Answer:
Tommy Lawrence
Passage:
Legislative assembly
Legislative assembly is the name given in some countries to either a legislature, or to one of its branch. 
The name is used by a number of countries, including member-states of the Commonwealth of Nations and other countries.  It is also used by their sub-national divisions, such as the Australian States and Canadian provinces.  

Legislative assemblies in the Commonwealth

The modern-day legislative assembly in a Commonwealth country, either as a national or sub-national parliament, is in most cases an evolution of one of these colonial legislative chambers, whether the full legislature or a lower house.  In a number of jurisdictions, the name House of Assembly is used instead.

Examples of legislative assemblies in Commonwealth countries

In India, the lower or sole house of each constituent state's parliament is called the legislative assembly, or Vidhan Sabha. The same name is also used for the lower house of the legislatures for two of the union territories, Delhi and Puducherry. The upper house in the seven states with a bicameral legislature is called the legislative council, or Vidhan Parishad. Members of the former are called MLAs, and those of the latter MLCs.

The lower houses of the parliaments of the Australian states of New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia are called the legislative assembly. In contrast, the state of Queensland has abolished the former upper house of its parliament, leaving the legislative assembly as the sole chamber. The sole house of parliament in the Australian Capital Territory is the legislative assembly.

In Canada, seven of the ten provinces and all three of the territories style their legislatures as legislative assembly.  All are unicameral.

In Malaysia, the unicameral parliaments of the 13 individual states are known as Dewan Undangan Negeri ("state legislative assembly").

Former legislative assemblies

In Quebec, the legislative assembly was renamed the National Assembly, as part of the abolition of the legislative council on December 31, 1968.

In Mauritius, the unicameral Parliament was known as the legislative assembly until 1992, when, following the establishment of a republic, it was renamed the National Assembly.

Legislative assemblies outside the Commonwealth

The Legislative Assembly of Macao is the legislature of Macao. The legislatures of the two autonomous regions of Portugal, Azores and Madeira, are also called "legislative assembly", respectively the Legislative Assembly of the Azores and the Legislative Assembly of Madeira.
Question:
What are the legislative assemblies of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney called?
Answer:
The States (disambiguation)
Passage:
Whey
Whey is the liquid remaining after milk has been curdled and strained. It is a co-product of the manufacture of cheese or casein and has several commercial uses. Sweet whey is manufactured during the making of rennet types of hard cheese like cheddar or Swiss cheese. Acid whey (also known as "sour whey") is a co-product produced during the making of acid types of dairy products such as cottage cheese or strained yogurt.

Whey proteins consist of α-lactalbumin, β-lactoglobulin, serum albumin, immunoglobulins, and a proteose-peptones. 

Production 

To produce cheese, rennet or an edible acid is added to heated milk. This makes the milk coagulate or curdle, separating the milk solids (curds) from the liquid whey. Sweet whey is the co-product of rennet-coagulated cheese and acid whey (also called sour whey) is the co-product of acid-coagulated cheese. Sweet whey has a pH greater than or equal to 5.6, acid whey has a pH less than or equal to 5.1.

Uses 

Whey is used to produce whey cheeses such as ricotta, whey butter, so-called brown cheeses such as Brunost (technically not cheeses at all), and many other products for human consumption. The fat content of whey is low; for example 1,000 kg of whey are required to make typically 1 kg of whey butter.[https://archive.org/stream/CAT31283652/circbai161_djvu.txt C.F. Doane, "Whey Butter", Bureau of Animal Industry, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Circular 161 [full text], 23 June 1910.] It is also an additive in many processed foods, including breads, crackers, and commercial pastry, and in animal feed. Whey proteins consist primarily of α-lactalbumin and β-lactoglobulin. Depending on the method of manufacture, whey may also contain glycomacropeptides (GMP).

Dairy whey remaining from home-made cheesemaking has many uses.  It is a flour conditioner and can be substituted for skim milk in most baked good recipes that require milk (bread, pancakes, muffins, etc.).

Whey protein (derived from whey) is often sold as a nutritional supplement. Such supplements are especially popular in the sport of bodybuilding.  In Switzerland, where cheese production is an important industry, whey is used as the basis for carbonated soft drinks such as Rivella and Montino.
In Iceland, liquid whey is sold as Mysa.

Throughout history, whey was a popular drink in inns and coffee houses.  When Joseph Priestley was at college at Daventry Academy 1752–1755, he records that, during the morning of Wednesday 22 May 1754, he “went with a large company to drink whey.”   This was probably ‘sack whey’ or ‘wine whey.'

Another use of whey is to make ‘Cream of Tartar Whey’:  "Put a pint of blue milk [blue milk is characterized by the appearance on its surface, eighteen or twenty-four hours after it is drawn, of small, indigo-blue fungal spots that rapidly enlarge until the whole surface is covered with a blue film.] over the fire, when it begins to boil, put in two tea spoonfuls of cream of tartar, then take it off the fire, and let it stand till the curd settles to the bottom of the pan, then put it into a basin to cool, and drink it milk warm.”

Whey was also used in central Spain to enrich bakery products. In some traditions, it was used instead of water to produce bread dough.

In areas where cheese is made, excess whey byproduct is sometimes sprayed over hay fields as a fertilizer.

Whey cream and butter

Cream can be skimmed from whey. Whey cream is saltier, tangier, and “cheesier” than ("sweet") cream skimmed from milk, and can be used to make whey butter. Due to the low fat content of whey the yield is not high, with typically 2 to 5 parts of butter manufactured from 1,000 parts of whey. Whey cream and butter are suitable for making butter-flavoured food, as they have a stronger flavour of their own. They are also cheaper to manufacture than sweet cream and butter.

Health

Because whey contains lactose, it should be avoided by those who are lactose intolerant. Dried whey, a very common food additive, contains 6% lactose. When used as a food additive, whey can contribute to quantities of lactose far above the level of tolerance of most lactose-intolerant individuals.

Liquid whey contains lactose, vitamins, protein, and minerals, along with traces of fat.

In 2005 researchers at Lund University in Sweden found that whey can help regulate and reduce spikes in blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes by increasing insulin secretion.

People can be allergic to whey or other milk proteins (this is an allergy, not lactose intolerance). As whey proteins are altered by high temperatures, whey-sensitive people may be able to tolerate evaporated, boiled or sterilised milk. Hard cheeses are high in casein but low in whey proteins, and are the least allergenic for those allergic to whey proteins. However, casein proteins (which are heat-stable) are the most important allergens in cheese, and an individual may be allergic to either or both types of protein.

Protein

Whey protein is the name of globular proteins that can be isolated from whey. It is typically a mixture of globinstagers beta-lactoglobulin (~65%), alpha-lactalbumin (~25%), and serum albumin (~8%), which are soluble in their native culture forms, independent of pH.
Question:
The terms curds and whey are associated with making what?
Answer:
Cheeses
Passage:
Chemistry for Kids: Chemical Mixtures - Ducksters
Chemistry for Kids: Chemical Mixtures
Chemistry for Kids
Chemical Mixtures
One of the main aspects of chemistry is combining different substances. Sometimes combining substances can cause a chemical reaction and bonding which creates an entirely new substance called a compound. However, sometimes there is no chemical reaction or bonding. In this case, a mixture is formed from the combined substances.
Mixture
A mixture is made when two or more substances are combined, but they are not combined chemically.
General properties of a mixture:
The components of a mixture can be easily separated
The components each keep their original properties
The proportion of the components is variable
Types of Mixtures
There are two main categories of mixtures: homogeneous mixtures and heterogeneous mixtures. In a homogenous mixture all the substances are evenly distributed throughout the mixture (salt water, air, blood). In a heterogeneous mixture the substances are not evenly distributed (chocolate chip cookies, pizza, rocks)
Within the categories of homogeneous and heterogeneous mixtures there are more specific types of mixtures including solutions, alloys, suspensions, and colloids.
Solutions (homogeneous)
A solution is a mixture where one of the substances dissolves in the other. The substance that dissolves is called the solute. The substance that does not dissolve is called the solvent.
An example of a solution is salt water. These components can be easily separated through evaporation and they each retain their original properties. However, the salt is dissolved into the water to where you can't see it and it is evenly distributed in the water. In this example the water is the solvent and the salt is the solute.
What is the difference between a solution and a mixture?
In chemistry a solution is actually a type of mixture. A solution is a mixture that is the same or uniform throughout. Think of the example of salt water. This is also called a "homogenous mixture." A mixture that is not a solution is not uniform throughout. Think of the example of sand in water. This is also called a "heterogeneous mixture."
Alloys (homogeneous)
An alloy is a mixture of elements that has the characteristic of a metal. At least one of the elements mixed is a metal. One example of an alloy is steel which is made from a mixture of iron and carbon.
Suspensions (heterogeneous)
A suspension is a mixture between a liquid and particles of a solid. In this case the particles do not dissolve.  The particles and the liquid are mixed up so that the particles are dispersed throughout the liquid. They are "suspended" in the liquid. A key characteristic of a suspension is that the solid particles will settle and separate over time if left alone.
An example of a suspension is a mixture of water and sand. When mixed up, the sand will disperse throughout the water. If left alone, the sand will settle to the bottom.
Colloids (heterogeneous)
A colloid is a mixture where very small particles of one substance are evenly distributed throughout another substance. They appear very similar to solutions, but the particles are suspended in the solution rather than fully dissolved. The difference between a colloid and a suspension is that the particles will not settle to the bottom over a period of time, they will stay suspended or float.
An example of a colloid is milk. Milk is a mixture of liquid butterfat globules dispersed and suspended in water.
Colloids are generally considered heterogeneous mixtures, but have some qualities of homogeneous mixtures as well.
Interesting Facts about Mixtures
Smoke is a mixture of particles that are suspended in the air.
Tap water is a mixture of water and other particles. Pure water or H2O is generally referred to as distilled water.
Many of the substances we come into contact with every day are mixtures including the air we breathe which is a mixture of gases like oxygen and nitrogen.
Blood is a mixture that can be separated by a machine called a centrifuge into its two main parts: plasma and red blood cells.
Mixtures can be liquids, gases, and solids.
Activities
Take a ten question quiz about this page.
More Chemistry Subjects
Question:
What is a type of chemical mixture where one substance is dispersed evenly throughout another?
Answer:
Coloid
