Passage:
Carmen Callil
Carmen Thérèse Callil (born 15 July 1938) is an Australian publisher, writer and critic. She founded Virago Press in 1973.Emma Brockes, [http://www.theguardian.com/books/2007/aug/25/featuresreviews.guardianreview13 "The fearful fighter"], The Guardian, 25 August 2007.

Early years and family

Callil was born in Melbourne, Australia, but has lived in London since 1960. Her widowed mother Lorraine Clare Allen, raised four children, of whom Callil was the third. Her father, Frederick Alfred Louis Callil, was a barrister and lecturer in French at the University of Melbourne. She was educated at Star of the Sea Convent, and at Loreto Mandeville Hall. She graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Literature in 1960.

Career

In the same year she left for Europe, and, after a period in Italy, settled in London in 1964. She worked for Marks & Spencer as a buying assistant, then, after placing an advertisement in the Times newspaper ("Australian, B.A. wants job in book publishing", began work at Hutchinson Publishing company in 1965. 

From 1967 to 1970 she was publicity manager of the paperback imprint Panther Books, and later all imprints of Granada Publishing, and then at Anthony Blond and André Deutsch. She left to work for Ink, a countercultural Newspaper founded by Richard Neville, Andrew Fisher, Felix Dennis and Ed Victor in 1971. Ink was an offshoot of Oz and was intended to be a bridge between the underground press of the 1960s and the national newspapers of that time. Launched in May 1971, it collapsed in February 1972, following the Oz obscenity trial. 

At Ink, Callil met Marsha Rowe and Rosie Boycott, who went on to found the feminist magazine Spare Rib in June 1972. At the same time Carmen Callil founded Virago Press, to "publish books which celebrated women and women's lives, and which would, by so doing, spread the message of women's liberation to the whole population". Rowe and Boycott became directors of Virago in its first years. 

Also in 1972 Callil launched a Book Publicity Company, Carmen Callil Limited. Harriet Spicer became Callil's assistant. This publicity company, run by Spicer and Callil, helped to finance Virago in its early years, together with Callil's inheritance from her grandfather. Further assistance came from Quartet Books, with whom the first nine Virago titles were published. Ursula Owen became a part-time editor in 1974. She was to become a full-time director, with considerable responsibility for the content of the Virago publishing list. In 1976 Virago became an independent company, with Callil, Owen and Spicer as Directors, shortly to be joined by Lennie Goodings and Alexandra Pringle.

In 1982 Callil was appointed Managing Director of Chatto & Windus and The Hogarth Press where she remained until 1994, continuing also as Chairman of Virago until 1995. In 1994 she was Editor-At-Large for the worldwide group of Random House publishing companies. At Virago, among other business and editorial aspects of the company, she was responsible for the creation and development of the Virago Modern Classics list, which brought back into print many hundreds of the best women writers of the past. 

Callil left book publishing in 1994, and for some years divided her time between London and Caunes-Minervois in France. As a writer and critic, she has written reviews and features for many newspapers and journals, in addition to occasional radio and television work. From 1985–91 she was a member of the Board of Channel 4 Television. She was a Member of the Committee for The Booker Prize, 1979–84; a founder Director of The Groucho Club, London, 1984–94, and in 1989 received the Distinguished Service Award from the International Women's Writing Guild. She is a Doctor of Letters from Sheffield University, the University of York, Oxford Brookes University and the Open University. She has also been a judge of the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award and The Orwell Prize. She was Chairman of Judges, Booker Prize for Fiction, in 1996.

Bibliography

*Lebanese Washing Stories, New Writing 5, The British Council/Vintage 1996
*With Craig Raine (editors), New Writing 7, The British Council/Vintage 1998; ISBN 0-09-954561-6
*With Colm Tóibín: The Modern Library: The Best 200 Novels in English since 1950, Picador 1999; ISBN 0-330-34182-0
*Bad Faith: A Forgotten History of Family & Fatherland, Jonathan Cape & Alfred A. Knopf 2006; Buchet Chastel, 2007.
Question:
Which publishing firm did Carmen Callil found in 1973, whose name means a domineering woman?
Answer:
Viragos
Passage:
Ask John: Beginning today, a simple six-week solution to ...
Ask John: Beginning today, a simple six-week solution to all of our weather woes - Telegraph
Ask John: Beginning today, a simple six-week solution to all of our weather woes
Straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management .
John Timpson suggests a sweeping overhaul to the calendar to address British retail's weather woes. 
By John Timpson
9:00PM BST 31 Mar 2013
Q I expect the recent spell of extreme weather will feature later this year in a few company reports as an excuse for poor results. Does the weather make a difference to your sales?
A Of course, the weather influences our business, especially when breakfast TV presenters wake up the country with talk of treacherous conditions causing schools to close for health and safety reasons and motorists not risking a short drive to the shops.
But bad news for one business can be good news for another. We like lots of rain — it shows the holes in your soles and helps sell umbrellas. Sun is good for our photo shops — people go out and take more pictures. A heatwave is perfect for the ice cream vans and I am told TalkTalk think heavy snow is “magic dust” because people make more phone calls when they are trapped at home.
We never do well during a big freeze when only a handful of people go shopping (and those that do wear boots that don’t need repairing). I wouldn’t have wanted to be a cobbler during the Ice Age.
The media seem delighted whenever they discover a climate fact that is the highest, lowest, wettest or coldest figure since records began. They see this as evidence that global warming is becoming a reality. Anyone under 30 probably thinks they are the first generation to experience hurricanes, high water and heatwaves, but those who are much older should know better. I was pictured by my father in 1947 playing in a deep snow drift near Alderley Edge. I clearly remember 1962-63 when the big freeze started on Boxing Day and continued for over three months, with was no chance of playing golf until April. Our shops suffered a severe sales drop in 1976 when the 10-week heatwave made it too hot to shop. The hot spell only ended when Denis Howell, then Sports Minister, was appointed Minister for Drought (it rained within days of him picking up his new portfolio). Perhaps Maria Miller is poised to be appointed Minister for Weather.
Related Articles
John Timpson: Can my daughter cope with being in charge?
03 Mar 2013
I am happy to accept whatever weather comes my way and regard it as arrogant for man to think he can control the climate. I cringe whenever I spot a wind farm and think of the tax I am paying to provide an eyesore which doesn’t solve a problem that may never exist.
The problem with British weather is that it comes when you least expect it. Fashion retailers often suffer at the start of a new season. In March, shop windows are full of summer dresses but sunny days seldom start until well into June. By then, the dresses are in the sale. There is a similar problem in the autumn — at the beginning of September, shops display boots and rails full of coats just in time for an Indian Summer. The snow they need often doesn’t fall until February. Late seasons cause lower sales and higher mark-downs.
I have the solution — simply change the calendar by six weeks. The beginning of March would turn into the middle of January and November 8 becomes September 27. Following my date change, a July heatwave will come in May, helping to sell loads of sandals at full price. The Indian Summer will arrive in time to ensure a good clearance in the July sales and winter will start well before Christmas, a big boost for shops selling boots.
There is a snag. My idea poses a political problem — to change the calendar we would have to stick on the same date for 42 days. I thought of picking my birthday but by the time the calendar resumes its progress I would be aged 112. I considered December 25th so that, for six weeks, every day could be Christmas Day. But as it is a Quarter Day, our landlords might try to collect rent 42 times over. Eventually, I found the perfect date — just before the end of the Financial Year, to give us more time to pay the taxman.
The date I have picked is April 1st.
Q One of my best workers is threatening to leave to a competitor who is willing to pay more money. I just can’t afford to pay them more. Have I lost them or is it worth me fighting for them to stay?
A Let him go, but do your best to ensure you part company on good terms. At the exit interview, see if you can detect whether money really is behind his decision or if there is another reason to do with your organisation or his own career plans.
Whatever you discover, don’t be tempted to offer more money. The chances are that he has been bribed by a massive increase, if you match your competitor’s money you are likely to scupper your salary structure and upset the rest of your workforce. If it only takes a paltry £25 to persuade him to stay, before long he will be back for more. You can’t buy loyalty simply by writing a bigger cheque.
All is not lost. Keep in touch (I make a point of popping in to see ex-colleagues who are working in someone else’s shop). Over half of the good colleagues who decide to seek their fortune elsewhere return to resume their career with Timpson within three years.
Question:
Which MP was made the Minister for Drought in 1976 and then it rained three days later?
Answer:
Denis Herbert Howell, Baron Howell
Passage:
Brüno (2009) - IMDb
Brüno (2009) - IMDb
IMDb
There was an error trying to load your rating for this title.
Some parts of this page won't work property. Please reload or try later.
X Beta I'm Watching This!
Keep track of everything you watch; tell your friends.
Error
Flamboyant and gay Austrian Brüno looks for new fame in America.
Director:
From $2.99 (SD) on Amazon Video
ON DISC
Visit IMDb Picks
Related News
a list of 30 titles
created 04 Aug 2011
a list of 47 titles
created 05 Dec 2011
a list of 24 titles
created 13 Mar 2012
a list of 38 titles
created 06 Sep 2014
a list of 26 titles
created 26 Jun 2015
Search for " Brüno " on Amazon.com
Connect with IMDb
Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below.
You must be a registered user to use the IMDb rating plugin.
2 wins & 4 nominations. See more awards  »
Videos
Kazakh TV talking head Borat is dispatched to the United States to report on the greatest country in the world. With a documentary crew in tow, Borat becomes more interested in locating and marrying Pamela Anderson .
Director: Larry Charles
The heroic story of a dictator who risked his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.
Director: Larry Charles
Ali G unwittingly becomes a pawn in the evil Chancellor's plot to overthrow the Prime Minister of Great Britain. However, instead of bringing the Prime Minister down, Ali is embraced by the... See full summary  »
Director: Mark Mylod
A new assignment forces a top spy to team up with his football hooligan brother.
Director: Louis Leterrier
An ignorant, wannabe-Jamaican British b-boy; an anti-Semitic, misogynistic but friendly Kazakhstani television reporter; and a homosexual Austrian fashonista--all played by Sacha Baron ... See full summary  »
Stars: Sacha Baron Cohen,  Buzz Aldrin,  Arthur Danto
Edit
Storyline
Brüno is a gay Austrian fashion guru. He has his own fashion based television show, Funkyzeit, the most popular German-language show of its kind outside of Germany. After he disgraces himself in front of his Funkyzeit fan base, he is ruined in German speaking Europe. He decides that in his quest for worldwide fame, he will move to Los Angeles and reinvent himself. Accompanying him to the US is Lutz, his former assistant's assistant. Lutz is the only person left in his circle that still believes in Brüno's greatness. Brüno goes through one reinvention of himself after another, ultimately straying to areas far removed from his own self. Perhaps when Brüno finds an activity that he truly does love, he will also find that über-fame he so desperately desires. Written by Huggo
Rated R for pervasive strong and crude sexual content, graphic nudity and language | See all certifications  »
Parents Guide:
10 July 2009 (USA) See more  »
Also Known As:
Brüno: Delicious Journeys Through America for the Purpose of Making Heterosexual Males Visibly Uncomfortable in the Presence of a Gay Foreigner in a Mesh T-Shirt See more  »
Filming Locations:
£5,000,229                (UK) (10 July 2009)
Gross:
Elton John : As himself in "The Dove of Peace" sequence. See more »
Goofs
The movie's premise is that this is all real footage made by Brüno's news crew. Who, then, is filming the scenes where Brüno is alone and homeless on the streets? See more »
Quotes
Brüno : Ich was going to become famous by solving a world problem! But which one? Clooney's got Darfur, Sting's got the Amazon, and Bono's got AIDS! Luckily, there was still one shithole left to fix: the Middle Earth.
See more »
Crazy Credits
The U in the Universal logo is spelled with an umlaut (Ü) like the movie's title. See more »
Connections
For those asking how the shock effect of 'Borat' could be topped...
10 July 2009 | by nosiesnetnieuws
(Maastricht, Netherlands) – See all my reviews
Brüno is a gay Austrian fashion reporter impersonated by the man that notoriously starred as Borat in... Borat.
(For those that have seen Borat: you probably know what to expect. If you did not like Borat for the painfully explicit content, stay away from Brüno. If you almost died of laughter during a certain hotel scene in Borat, go see Brüno immediately and prepare for almost certain death.)
Obviously, having made Borat, the producers of Brüno had a hard time to repeat the surprise effect. It should therefore not come as a surprise that the movie contains substantially less confrontations between the main character and innocent (famous) bystanders. Still, confrontations with a number of people, among which a few famous ones, seem sincere, and work on multiple levels, as in Borat. Others are clearly scripted, but not less funny for that (watch the ending credits for an example).
In general, compared to Borat, Brüno focuses more on a) effectively shocking it's viewers with the (sexual) misconduct of the main character and b) stunts of this main character in front of a large audience. Essentially, this time the shock effect is moved from the 'random' people that appear in the movie, to the audience looking at the movie.
For many, it will definitely be more shocking than Borat, given the shamelessly explicit content that exploits every possibility for jokes concerning men making out. For others, the never-ending provoked racism of Borat will have a longer-lasting impact.
All I know is that I laughed a lot during this movie. It will once again lead to lots of controversy and imitation at thousands of workplaces around the globe. Maybe it is therefore best if you know what it is about.
But be warned. If you are easily offended, you will be offended. Majorly.
218 of 367 people found this review helpful.  Was this review helpful to you?
Yes
Question:
"Which actor played the title role in the 2009 film, ""Bruno""?"
Answer:
Sacha Baron Cohen
Passage:
The Owl and the Pussycat
"The Owl and the Pussycat" is a nonsense poem by Edward Lear, first published during 1871 as part of his book Nonsense Songs, Stories, Botany, and Alphabets.

Lear wrote the poem for a three-year-old girl, Janet Symonds, the daughter of Lear's friend poet John Addington Symonds and his wife Catherine Symonds. The term "runcible", used for the phrase "runcible spoon", was invented for the poem.

Synopsis 

"The Owl and the Pussycat" features four anthropomorphic animals – an owl, a cat, a pig, and a turkey – and tells the story of the love between the title characters who marry in the land "where the Bong-tree grows".

The Owl and the Pussycat set out to sea in a pea green boat with honey and "plenty of money" wrapped in a five-pound note. The Owl serenades the Pussycat while gazing at the stars and strumming on a small guitar. He describes her as beautiful. The Pussycat responds by describing the Owl as an "elegant fowl" and compliments him on his singing. She urges they marry but they don't have a ring. They sail away for a year and a day to a land where Bong trees grow and discover a pig with a ring in his nose in a wood. They buy the ring for a shilling and are married the next day by a turkey. They dine on mince and quince using a "runcible spoon", then dance hand-in-hand on the sand in the moonlight.

Portions of an unfinished sequel, "The Children of the Owl and the Pussycat" were published first posthumously, during 1938.  How the pair procreated is unspecified but the children are part fowl and part cat.  All love to eat mice.  The family live round places with weird names where their mother the cat died falling from a tall tree.  The death caused their father, the owl, great sadness.  The money is all spent but father still sings to the original guitar. 

Other media 

* Beatrix Potter wrote a prequel, The Tale of Little Pig Robinson, telling the background story of the pig character.
* The story has been set to music and animated many times, including by Igor Stravinsky in 1966 using twelve-tone technique (a recording was made under the composer's supervision for Columbia Records), John Rutter, Victor Hely-Hutchinson, Burl Ives, Humphrey Searle in 1951, using twelve-tone technique for the accompanying flute, guitar, and cello, but sprechgesang for the vocal part,  and Laurie Anderson.
* Elton Hayes made a recording of the Hely-Hutchinson setting for Parlophone  during 1953. It became a regular item on Children's Favourites and was one of six Edward Lear recordings he made.
* The 1965 film Fun in Balloon Land contains references to the poem, and refers to the Turkey as "The Marrying Turkey".
* It was the main topic of a 1968 children's musical play about Lear's nonsense poems, entitled The Owl and the Pussycat went to See....  The play was written by Sheila Ruskin and David Wood. 
* The title was borrowed for an unrelated stage play and subsequent 1970 movie featuring Barbra Streisand and George Segal.
* During 1971, a cartoon based on the poem was made by Weston Woods.
* In the 1968 Disney animated feature Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day, later a part of 1977's The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, the character Owl mentions a relative of his who supposedly "went to sea in a pea-green boat" with a Pussycat.
* The two main characters were the inspiration for X the Owl and Henrietta Pussycat in the "Neighborhood of Make-Believe" from Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
* Laurie Anderson composed and recorded a version titled Beautiful Pea Green Boat that appeared on her 1994 album Bright Red.
* Eric Idle, a former member of Monty Python, wrote a children's book entitled The Quite Remarkable Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat which was based on the poem. It is an extended story about when the Owl and the Pussycat were attacked by a band of ruthless rats who were trying to steal pies. It was illustrated by Wesla Weller and was first published during 1996 with an audio version which included some songs by Idle himself.
* Between 2001 and 2003, Stewart Lee wrote and performed a show titled Pea Green Boat. The show included an extended version of the story of "The Owl and the Pussycat" including the original poem. A 21-minute version of the show has been made available commercially.
* In 2004 the Folk Duo Sandwich (Buddy Freebury and Andrea Hallier) recorded a musical version of the poem to a tune written by band member Andrea Hallier (now Andrea Freebury) It was included on their third album Crystal Ball.
* Sananda Maitreya's sixth album, Angels & Vampires – Volume II, has a track entitled "The Owl and the Pussycat."
* A deleted scene intended for the Family Guy episode "Quagmire's Baby" involves Glenn Quagmire reading the book to his daughter, but then getting aroused by the sexual nature of the story.
*In 2013, Julia Donaldson and Charlotte Voake published a sequel to Lear's poem, entitled The Further Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat.
Question:
Which animal married the Owl and the Pussycat in the Edward Lear poem?
Answer:
The Turkey
Passage:
Obelus
An obelus (symbol: ÷, plural: obeluses or obeli) is a symbol consisting of a short horizontal line with a dot above and below. It is mainly used to represent the mathematical operation of division. It is therefore commonly called the division sign.  Division may also be indicated by a horizontal line (fraction bar), or a slash.

Historically, this symbol had also been used to represent subtraction in Northern Europe. 

History 

The word "obelus" comes from , the Ancient Greek word for a sharpened stick, spit, or pointed pillar. This is the same root as that of the word "obelisk". Originally this sign (or a plain line) was used in ancient manuscripts to mark passages that were suspected of being corrupted or spurious. The dagger symbol, also called an obelisk, is derived from the obelus and continues to be used for this purpose.

The obelus, invented by Aristarchus to mark suspected passages in Homer, is frequent in manuscripts of the Gospel to mark just those sections, like the Pericope in John, which modern editors reject. The first corrector of א, probably the contemporary  (copy-editor, rectifier, proofreader), was at pains to enclose in brackets and mark with dots for deletion two famous passages in Luke written by the original scribe which, being absent from B W 579 and the Egyptian versions, we infer were not accepted in the text at that time dominant in Alexandria, viz. the incident of the "Bloody Sweat" in Gethsemane (Lk.xxi.43 f.) and the saying "Father forgive them" (Lk.xi.34).  

Although previously used for subtraction, the obelus was first used as a symbol for division in 1659 in the algebra book Teutsche Algebra by Johann Rahn. Some think that John Pell, who edited the book, may have been responsible for this use of the symbol. The usage of the obelus to represent subtraction continued in some parts of Europe (including Norway and, until fairly recently, Denmark). Other symbols for division include the slash or solidus (/), and the fraction bar (the horizontal bar in a vertical fraction).

In computer systems

In Microsoft Windows, the obelus is produced with Alt+0247 on the number pad or by pressing  when an appropriate keyboard layout is in use. In Mac OS, it is produced with .

On UNIX-based systems using Screen or X with a Compose key enabled, it can be produced by composing  (colon) and  (hyphen/minus), though this is locale- and setting-dependent. It may also be input by Unicode code-point on GTK-based applications by pressing , followed by the codepoint in hexadecimal (F7) and terminated by return.

In the Unicode character set, the obelus is known as the "division sign" and has the code point U+00F7.  In HTML, it can be encoded as ÷ or ÷ (at HTML level 3.2), or as ÷.

In LaTeX, the obelus is obtained by \div.
Question:
From the Greek root word for a pointed pillar, what is the technical term for the division sign ( ÷ ) ?
Answer:
Division mark
Passage:
Edo
, also romanized as Yedo or Yeddo, is the former name of Tokyo.  It was the seat of power for the Tokugawa shogunate, which ruled Japan from 1603 to 1868. During this period, it grew to become one of the largest cities in the world and home to an urban culture centered on the notion of a "floating world".Sansom, George. A History of Japan: 1615–1867, p. 114.

History

From the establishment of the Tokugawa bakufu headquarters at Edo, the town became the de facto capital and center of political power, although Kyoto remained the formal capital of the country. Edo grew from what had been a small, little-known fishing village in 1457 into the largest metropolis in the world with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721. 

Edo was repeatedly devastated by fires, with the Great Fire of Meireki in 1657 being the most disastrous. An estimated 100,000 people died in the fire. During the Edo period, there were about 100 fires mostly begun by accident and often quickly escalating and spreading through neighborhoods of wooden machiya which were heated with charcoal fires. Between 1600 and 1945, Edo/Tokyo was leveled every 25–50 years or so by fire, earthquakes, or war.

In 1868, when the shogunate came to an end, the city was renamed Tokyo ("eastern capital"). The emperor moved his residence to Tokyo, making the city the formal capital of Japan:
* Keiō  4: On the 17th day of the 7th month (September 3, 1868), Edo was renamed Tokyo. 
* Keiō  4: On the 27th day of the 8th month (October 12, 1868), Emperor Meiji was crowned in the Shishin-den in Kyoto. 
* Keiō  4: On the eighth day of the ninth month (October 23, 1868), the nengō was formally changed from Keiō to Meiji and a general amnesty was granted.
* Meiji 2: On the 23rd day of the 10th month (1868), the emperor went to Tokyo and Edo castle became an imperial palace.

Magistrate

Ishimaru Sadatsuga was the magistrate of Edo in 1661. 

Government and administration

During the Edo period, the Shogunate appointed administrators (machi bugyō) with jurisdiction over the police, and beginning with the rule of Tokugawa Yoshimune), the fire department (machibikeshi). The machi bugyō heard criminal and civil suits, and performed other administrative functions.

Geography

The city was laid out as a castle town around Edo Castle. The area surrounding the castle known as Yamanote consisted largely of daimyō mansions, whose families lived in Edo as part of the sankin kōtai system; the daimyō made journeys in alternating years to Edo, and used the mansions for their entourages. It was this extensive samurai class which defined the character of Edo, particularly in contrast to the two major cities of Kyoto and Osaka neither of which were ruled by a daimyō or had a significant samurai population. Kyoto's character was defined by the Imperial Court, the court nobles, its Buddhist temples and its history; Osaka was the country's commercial center, dominated by the chōnin or the merchant class.

Areas further from the center were the domain of the chōnin (町人, literally "townsfolk"). The area known as Shitamachi (下町, lit. "lower town" or "downtown"), northeast of the castle, was a center of urban culture. The ancient Buddhist temple of Sensō-ji still stands in Asakusa, marking the center of an area of traditional Shitamachi culture. Some shops in the streets near the temple have existed continuously in the same location since the Edo period.

The Sumida River, then called the Great River (大川), ran along the eastern edge of the city. The shogunate's official rice-storage warehouses,  other official buildings and some of the city's best-known restaurants were located here.

The "Japan Bridge" (日本橋, Nihon-bashi) marked the center of the city's commercial center, an area also known as Kuramae (蔵前, "in front of the storehouses"). Fishermen, craftsmen and other producers and retailers operated here. Shippers managed ships known as tarubune to and from Osaka and other cities, bringing goods into the city or transferring them from sea routes to river barges or land routes such as the Tōkaidō. This area remains the center of Tokyo's financial and business district.

The northeastern corner of the city was considered a dangerous direction in traditional onmyōdō (cosmology), and is protected from evil by a number of temples including Sensō-ji and Kan'ei-ji. Beyond this were the districts of the eta or outcasts, who performed "unclean" work and were separated from the main parts of the city. A long dirt path, which was a short distance north of the eta districts, extended west from the riverbank leading along the northern edge of the city to the Yoshiwara pleasure districts. Previously located within the city proper near Asakusa, the districts were rebuilt in this more-remote location after the Great Fire of Meireki in 1657.

Gallery

See Tokyo for photographs of the modern city.
Question:
Which capital city was previously known as Edo or Yedo?
Answer:
東京都
Passage:
Theo Albrecht
Theodor Paul "Theo" Albrecht (28 March 1922 – 24 July 2010 ) was a German entrepreneur, who in 2010 was ranked by Forbes as the 31st richest person in the world, with a net worth of $16.7 billion.  He owned and was the CEO of the Aldi Nord discount supermarket chain. In the US he owned the Trader Joe's specialty grocery store chain. His brother Karl Albrecht owned the Aldi Süd discount supermarket chain. The two chains originally were a single family enterprise until a friendly division of assets in 1960. Aldi Süd operates the Aldi groceries in the United States. So Aldi and Trader Joe's, while owned by the brothers, have separate and distinct ownership and operations.

Business 

Theo Albrecht and his brother Karl revolutionized the German grocery market with a low-cost business model. They had developed the supermarket as an outgrowth of their mother’s small grocery store, which she had opened in 1913, in Essen, after Theo’s father had developed emphysema as a miner.  Theodor learned the grocery business from his mother, in order to escape the fate of his father in the mines, and then he and his brother Karl developed it into Albrecht Diskont, one of Europe’s largest chains of supermarkets, with its motto "The best quality at the lowest price," and now known by its acronym, Aldi.  Forbes has estimated Theo's fortune from the supermarket chain as approximately £11 billion.  Theodor and Karl Albrecht split the Aldi Company they founded in 1960 after a dispute about whether to sell cigarettes. The supermarket divided into two legally separate operating units with two geographical locations. Theodor's Aldi Nord set to operate in the north of Germany and Karl's Aldi Süd, set to operate in Germany’s south. The progression of Aldi under Karl and Theodor Albrecht stands as one of Germany’s greatest stories of success. Theodor retired from daily store operations in 1993 and then remained as a chairman on the board.  

Kidnapping 

In 1971, Albrecht was kidnapped for 17 days. A ransom of seven million German marks (approximately US$2 million at the time) was paid for his release.   He was held at gunpoint by Heinz-Joachim Ollenburg, a lawyer, and his accomplice Paul Kron. The ransom sum was delivered by the Bishop of Essen. His kidnappers were eventually caught by authorities, but only half of the money was recovered. Albrecht later tried to claim the ransom as a tax deductible business expense in court.

Personal life 

During World War II, Theodor was conscripted into the Wehrmacht where Theodor served with Rommel’s Afrika Korps in an army division. During WWII Theodor was captured by the Americans in Tunisia as a prisoner of war, but in 1946 he returned to Germany. It was said that his humble and harsh childhood formed Theodor’s early appreciation for the value of money. 

Theodor’s kidnapping in 1971 partially gives reason for his and the family’s hermit-like manner of existence. The kidnapping left an impact on Theodor’s private concerns, causing him to drive to work using a different route every day in an armored automobile. 
Little is known about Theodor Albrecht and the Albrecht family’s personal life. The Albrecht family are known to be very reclusive and described by Forbes as ‘more reclusive than the yeti’. Characterized by their privacy, Theodor has rarely been pictured by photographers and he has never made a public statement. He was also claimed to be a devout Roman Catholic.

Theodor and his brother Karl were once said to own an island located in the North Sea where they would indulge in their hobbies such as golf and pastimes including the collecting of antique typewriters.  Theodor and the Albrecht family, keeping out of the public spotlight are known to own highly secured estates overlooking the Ruhr valley. Claimed as being obsessed with frugality, it was said that Theodor collected and used pencil stubs frequently. He was also known to wear cheaper, poorly fitted suits and preferred plain meals with many potatoes. When he was asked to approve the plans for a new store in the Netherlands, he stated that the design was good but the paper it was drawn on was too thick: "If you use thinner paper we will save money." 

Both Albrecht brothers have been reported by journalists to be highly reclusive; very little is known about their personal lives. The last published photo of Theo Albrecht dates to 1971, one day after his kidnapping. Another photo of the two Albrecht brothers together was taken in 1987 by journalist Franz Ruch. 

Albrecht died 24 July 2010, in his home town of Essen, Germany.
Question:
Theo and Karl Albrecht were the original owners of which supermarket chain?
Answer:
Aldi Süd
Passage:
Captain Hook (Character) - Biography - IMDb
Captain Hook (Character)  - Biography
biography
from Hook (1991)
The content of this page was created by users. It has not been screened or verified by IMDb staff.
Warning! This character biography may contain plot spoilers.
Visit our Character Biography Help to learn more.
Character Biography
History
Discuss
J.A.S. Hook, Cptn., as Captain James Hook signs his infamous name, is arguably the most ruthless villain in film history. Forever bent on destroying Peter Pan, Hook even kidnaps a grown Pan's children ("Hook"). Hook's "indefatiguable good form" is his most telling attribute (at least, according to himself), while most view him despicable, yet their favorite villain. It is hard not to respect, if not outright look up to, such a man. Captain Hook will forever remain one of the greatest villains in cinematography history.
Captain Hook is the main villain in "Peter Pan".
He is a pirate captain who wants to kill Peter Pan and take over Neverland. However, Peter defeats him every time they fight.
He has a hook on his right arm because Tick Tock the Crocodile ate his hand after Peter cut it off and threw it overboard. Tick Tock wants to eat the rest of him, thus he is the one thing Hook fears. Tick-Tock also swallowed Hook's clock, thus the ticking of the clock announces his arrival and allows Hook to escape.
He resembles Wendy Darling's father.
In "Return to Neverland", he kidnaps the daughter of the now grown-up Wendy, so Peter Pan has to rescue her.
In "Hook", the spell that was placed on Peter Pan was broken, and he finally aged to an adult. Buy aging, he also forgot who he was, and he lives as a lawyer called Peter Banning. When Hook kidnaps Peter's sons, Peter has to rescue them, and the Lost Boys help Peter regain his memories. Since Hook is bored with just trying to kill Peter, he tries to get revenge on him by making Peter's kids love him instead. In the end, Hook is crushed under a statue of Tick-Tock, killing him.
The Disney movie "Peter Pan" is adapted as a world, Neverland, in "Kingdom Hearts" and "Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories".
In "Kingdom Hearts", Hook teams up with Riku to capture Wendy because they believe is a Princess of Heart. She is not, and Sora, Donald, Goofy and Peter Pan defeat him.
In "Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories", he kidnaps Wendy again, only this time for personal reason, So Sora, Goofy, Donald and Peter defeat him again.
He is one of the guests in "House of Mouse", and he was one of the Disney villains in "House of Villains".
He is one of the fairy tale villains in Prince Charming's villain army in "Shrek the Third". He also appeared in "Shrek 2".
Page last updated by Crimsonrose00 , 7 years ago
Question:
In the children’s story ‘Peter Pan, what is Captain Hook’s first name?
Answer:
James (film)
Passage:
Take Your Pick!
Take Your Pick! was a United Kingdom game show originally broadcast by Radio Luxembourg in the early 1950s. The show transferred to television in 1955 with the launch of ITV, where it continued until 1968. As it was the first game show broadcast on commercial television in the UK (and the BBC did not at that point offer monetary prizes on its game shows), it was also by default the first British game show to offer cash prizes.The programme was later revived from 24 February 1992 to 28 August 1998.

History

The first television version was produced by Associated-Rediffusion (later Rediffusion London), while the revival was made by Thames Television (whose arrival as the new London weekday ITV company had led to the original show's demise).

If they got through the "Yes-No Interlude" (in which they had to answer a series of questions without using the words "yes" or "no" or be gonged off the stage), contestants would answer questions to win modest monetary prizes and at the climax of the show had to decide whether to "take the money" or "open the box". The box could contain good prizes (for the time), such as a holiday or a washing machine, but could also contain booby prizes such as a mousetrap or a bag of sweets.

The first version was hosted by Michael Miles (after its demise, Miles hosted a similar show for Southern Television called Wheel of Fortune, not to be confused with the later Wheel of Fortune of the same title). Bob Danvers-Walker, the voice of Pathé News from 1940 until its demise in 1970, was the show's announcer, and Alec Dane was on hand to bang the gong. At the electronic organ was Harold Smart.

Des O'Connor became the host for the second version in the 1990s. His future wife Jodie Wilson was one of the hostesses; she would later be replaced by Neighbours twins Gayle and Gillian Blakeney.

It was revived again for one night only as part of Ant & Dec's Gameshow Marathon in 2005, a series of the Geordie duo presenting classic ITV gameshows as part of the channel's 50th anniversary in their own style.

A similar formula was used for Pot of Gold, another game show, hosted by O'Connor.

The Des O'Connor series is currently being repeated on Challenge.

The game was played during the ninth series of Britain's Got More Talent.

Yes/No interlude

In this opening game, the host asked the contestant a series of questions for 60 seconds and the contestant could not say yes, no, nod or shake their heads. If they did, the co-host would bang the gong and the contestant would be eliminated (unless other contestants did the same).

Box numbers and the prizes

There were 10 boxes numbered from 1 to 10 and an additional Box 13. Of the former, there were 3 boxes containing booby prizes, 1 containing a star prize (e.g. a small car) and 6 containing other prizes (of which 1 was a "treasure chest" of cash). One box also included the option to choose Box 13. The host offered an alternative prize of up to about £50 (or, in the revival, a number of hundreds of pounds) in cash and the contestant had to choose between "taking the money" and "opening the box".

In this game, the contestant might answer 3 out of 4 questions correctly before the contestant picks the boxes from 1 to 10 and activating box 13 within the 10 boxes like cinema tickets, baby food,cowboy hats or pork pies which relates to a prize, but also with larger prizes containing such as television sets, video players, cash, karaoke machines, double beds, music vouchers & sofas and booby prizes containing nose hair trimmers, last night's cold food, a box of chocolates, breakfast cereals, rotten tomatoes, cat food and dog food and the star prizes containing kitchen appliances, cars, motorbikes, jet skis, hotels, computers and holidays.

Cultural references

A sketch in Monty Python's Flying Circus (called "Spot the Brain Cell" in a later audio version) has John Cleese  playing an "evil" game show host, hitting contestants over the head with a giant hammer, which is clearly a wildly exaggerated version of Michael Miles (the game he is hosting is a parody of the "Yes-No Interlude" from Take Your Pick!). An early version of this sketch appeared in At Last the 1948 Show. For a time after Miles' death the sketch was not shown by the BBC, but it has since been reinstated.

Also, in the Hungarian Tourist sketch in Monty Python's Flying Circus, a prosecutor (played by Eric Idle) plays the game with Alexander Yalt (played by Michael Palin). The prosecutor manages to gong Yalt "out" for answering a question with "yes" (although, Yalt was probably unaware of playing the game in the first place).

A sketch in the BBC Radio comedy series The Burkiss Way featured a "Dinosaur-Cheese Interlude", in which contestants were required to answer questions without mentioning any species of dinosaur or any variety of cheese (besides Edam, which was "made" backwards). Naturally, all the contestants did accidentally mention them.

A fifth season episode of the radio show Hancock's Half Hour (broadcast May 1958) had Tony Hancock appear on the (unnamed) show and win £4,000.

The British progressive rock band Hatfield and the North named one of their songs "The Yes No Interlude". It is included in their second LP, The Rotters' Club.

The 1970s radio programme I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again made frequent references to Take Your Pick with phrases such as "Stake the bunny!" "Open the box!"

Transmissions

Associated-Rediffusion

Only 6 out of the 494 episodes from the Associated-Rediffusion era survived from the archives including Episode 2 of Series 1, Episode 39 of Series 10, Episodes 1-2 of Series 12 and Episodes 18 & 44 of Series 13. 

Thames
Question:
Which New Zealander presented Take Your Pick on radio and TV
Answer:
Michael Miles
Passage:
Edale
Edale is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Peak District, in the Midlands of England. The population in 2011 was 313 increasing to 353 at the 2011 Census.  The Parish of Edale,
area 7030 acre, 
is in the Borough of High Peak.

Edale is best known to walkers as the start (or southern end) of the Pennine Way, and to less ambitious walkers as a starting point for evening or day walks, accessible by public transport from Sheffield or Manchester and with two pubs serving real ale and food.

History

As spelt, the name is first recorded in 1732. Earlier recorded versions of the name are Aidele (1086), Heydale (1251), Eydale (1275), Eydal (1285) and Edall (1550). 

Historically, Edale was the name of the valley of the River Noe. From the Norman Conquest of England it was in the royal Forest of High Peak and at its centre is the Edale Cross, which marked the boundary of the three wards at the Forest, Campana, Hopedale and Longdendale. Settlement in the valley consists of several booths, originally established in the 13th century as 'vaccaries' (cattle farms) along the valley of the River Noe, which have since developed into the hamlets of Upper Booth (once Crowdenley Booth and Over Booth), Barber Booth (once Whitmorely Booth), Grindsbrook Booth, Ollerbrook Booth and Nether Booth (also known as Lady Booth and, formerly, Lower Booth).

When the Hope Valley Line opened linking  and , the railway station to the south of Grindsbrook Booth was named "Edale", and the name came to be used for the settlements in the parish, rather than the valley as a whole. The valley is usually now referred to as the "Vale of Edale" or, much less frequently, as the "Noe Valley".

Cotton mill

Edale is the site of an historic cotton mill built in 1795 on the site of a corn mill and tannery by Nicholas Cresswell in partnership with James Harrison, Robert Blackwell and Joseph Fletcher. Workers were brought in from the towns and accommodated in cottages and in a nearby house called Skinner's Hall. Many of the women workers walked each day from Castleton over the thousand-foot Hollins Cross pass. The mill continued spinning cotton until around 1940 but then fell into disuse. It was restored in the early 1970s by the Landmark Trust who have since sold off all of the apartments.

Countryside

As well as being the start of the Pennine Way (the official start is the Old Nag's Head, a former smithy dating back to 1577), the village is surrounded by walking country which is excellent in its own right. The village is surrounded by hills: the plateau of Kinder Scout to the north, where the highest point in the parish is found, the Great Ridge (running west to east between Rushup Edge over Mam Tor to Lose Hill) to the south and east, Win Hill to the east (outside the parish), and Dalehead (Brown Knoll, Horsehill Tor and Colborne) to the west. Almost the entire parish is over 200m above sea level; only along the River Noe east from Carr House does the elevation drop below this level.

The bed and banks of the River Noe from Barber Booth upstream to approximately the 320 m contour constitute the Edale SSSI,  cited for geological interest. The "important exposures" of the Edale Shales here contain fossils of technical interest. 

Amenities

There is a youth hostel about a mile from the village centre, several B&Bs, and both pubs also provide accommodation. The pubs also provide food, and there are two cafés. In 2006 a new information and visitor centre was opened at Fieldhead. It was developed by the Moors for the Future Partnership and is owned and operated by the Peak District National Park Authority. Edale is also a popular camping village with two major campsites and numerous others in the surrounding area.

The train service is reasonably frequent for such a rural area, and there is a limited bus service. The short but narrow, twisting and dead-end road to the village centre is not suitable for visitors' cars, and parking in the village centre is almost impossible. However, there is a large pay-and-display car park near the village hall, and parking for rail users at the railway station. Additional parking near the station is provided at busy times by the Parish Council.

Famous residents

*Mark Wallington 
*Berlie Doherty
*Anthony Favell 

Panorama
Question:
Edale is the southern end of which walking trail?
Answer:
Pennine Way
