Passage:
Al Read
Al Read (3 March 1909 – 9 September 1987) was a British radio comedian active throughout the 1950s and 1960s.

Read was born in Broughton, Salford,  Lancashire and was a sausage maker in his father's business. He became known as a popular after-dinner speaker with wry and well-observed humour in clubs. In 1950 Read made his radio début on the BBC. His comedy was based around the monologue form, but he also became known for dialogues in which he played both voices. His humour was observational and was about Northern English working class people, often in a domestic situation.

The Al Read Show was one of the most popular radio comedy shows in the UK in the 1950s and 1960s. Up to 35 million people listened to it each week. His catchphrases "Right, Monkey!" and "You'll be lucky - I say, you'll be lucky!" were well known. In 1963 he headed a variety format for ITV called Life and Al Read which was apparently unscripted and was broadcast live. In 1966 another ITV series called Al Read Says What a Life! was broadcast. He also worked extensively on the variety stage.

In 1954 he appeared high on the bill at the Royal Variety Performance at the London Palladium. In 1959 he appeared with comedian Jimmy Clitheroe in the Royal Northern Variety Performance, in the presence of the Queen Mother, at the Palace Theatre, Manchester.

The introduction to his radio show was usually "Al Read: introducing us to ourselves"; and he himself described his work as "pictures of life".

The Al Read Show

Surviving editions held by the BBC Sound Archive:
Question:
"Which Salford born comedian and sausage maker used the catchphrase ""Right Monkey""?"
Answer:
Al Reid
Passage:
Rungrado 1st of May Stadium
The Rungrado 1st of May Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea, completed on May 1, 1989. It is currently the largest stadium in the world, with a capacity of 150,000, and occupies .

Overview

It is currently used for football matches, a few athletics events, but most often for Arirang Festival performances (also known as the Mass Games). The stadium can seat 150,000,  which is the largest stadium by capacity in the world and the world's 12th largest sporting venue.

Its name comes from Rungrado Islet in the Taedong River, upon which it is situated, and May Day, the international labour day. Its scalloped roof features 16 arches arranged in a ring, and it is said to resemble a magnolia blossom. It is not to be confused with the nearby 50,000 capacity Kim Il-sung Stadium.

It hosts events on a main pitch sprawling across over 22,500 m² (242,200 ft²). Its total floor space is over 207,000 m² (2.2 million ft²) across eight stories, and the lobes of its roof peak at more than 60 m (197 ft) from the ground.

While the stadium is used for sporting events, it is most famous as the site of massive performances and shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation. In June–July 2002 it was the site of a large choreographed "Arirang Festival" gymnastic and artistic performance. The extravaganza involved for the first time some 100,000+ participants—double the number of spectators,  and was open to foreigners. These performances are now an annual feature in Pyongyang, usually in August and September. The Guinness Book of Records has recognized these events as the largest in the world.

In the late 1990s, a number of North Korean army generals implicated in an assassination attempt on Kim Jong-il were executed via burning in the stadium. 

In 2000 Kim Jong-il entertained Madeleine Albright, the U.S. Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton.  Collision in Korea was the largest professional wrestling pay-per-view event ever that was jointly produced by World Championship Wrestling and New Japan Pro Wrestling. It took place over a period of two days on April 28 and 29, 1995 at the stadium and had an alleged attendance of 150,000 and 190,000. It did not air in North America until August 4, 1995. The attendance figure may have been greatly exaggerated, and American wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer has stated, more realistically, that the actual combined attendance for the two-day-event was somewhere around 160,000 total. 

After a 2-year renovation project, the stadium reopened its doors in 2015.

Notable Events

*Opening and closing ceremonies of the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989
*Collision in Korea professional wrestling event in 1995

;Annual Events:
*Arirang Festival
*Pyongyang Marathon
Question:
In what country would you find the world's largest stadium, Rungrado 1st of May Stadium?
Answer:
Korea north
Passage:
Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons
Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons ("Four Seasons Manor", aka Le Manoir) is a luxury hotel-restaurant in the village of Great Milton near Oxford, in Oxfordshire, England.  It is located in an historic manor house near the church that was visited by Oliver Cromwell. The hotel is part of  Orient-Express Hotels Ltd..  which in March 2014 introduced a new brand name, Belmond. At this point the hotel changed its name to Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons.

Description

The restaurant has two Michelin stars, as well as scoring 9/10 in the Good Food Guide It is capable of serving 260 guests per day   It is owned by Belmond and run by the leading French chef Raymond Blanc.  The gardens are used to grow fresh food for the restaurant. A helipad is available for clients.

The restaurant was used as filming location in the BBC 2 television programme The Restaurant, where it has been used for challenges as well as Raymond Blanc's "room of truth". 

The restaurant kitchen has trained 28 Michelin starred chefs so far, with its basic training programs for its chefs lasting approximately 2.5 years. Each chef spending 6 months on each "section" in the kitchen. Chefs that stay longer than the initial 2.5 years of training then go on to learn the management side of the business. 

Chefs trained at Le Manoir

Many notable chefs and restaurateurs were mentored by or worked for Raymond Blanc at Le Manoir, including:
*John Burton-Race 
*Heston Blumenthal 
*Michael Caines 
*Elisha Carter 
*Éric Chavot 
*William Curley 
*JJ Goodman 
*David Goodridge 
*Paul Heathcote 
*Paul Liebrandt 
*David Moore 
*Marco Pierre White 
*James Knight-Pacheco 

Reception

Restaurant critic Jay Rayner visited Le Manoir for the first time in 2013. Whilst he described it as possibly the most expensive restaurant in Britain, he praised the set up including the kitchen garden. Regarding the food, he praised a "pitch-perfect" beetroot terrine, which was served with a horseradish sorbet quenelle. He wondered at the skill involved in creating a dessert of poached meringue and fried apricots inside a globe of nougatine. He said that while he couldn't justify or excuse the expense, the meal was fabulous.
Question:
Who is currently head chef of Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons hotel and restaurant?
Answer:
RAYMOND BLANC
