Passage:
Death in the Afternoon (cocktail)
Death in the Afternoon, also called the Hemingway or the Hemingway Champagne,   is a cocktail made up of absinthe and Champagne invented by Ernest Hemingway. The cocktail shares a name with Hemingway's book Death in the Afternoon, and the recipe published in So Red the Nose, or Breath in the Afternoon, 1935 cocktail book with contributions from famous authors.   Hemingway's original instructions were:

"Pour one jigger absinthe into a Champagne glass. Add iced Champagne until it attains the proper opalescent milkiness. Drink three to five of these slowly."

It is claimed that the cocktail was invented by Hemingway after he spent time in the Left Bank, Paris, and enjoyed the absinthe there.  The original printed recipe for the drink claimed that it was invented "by the author and three officers of the H.M.S. Danae after having spent seven hours overboard trying to get Capt. Bra Saunders’ fishing boat off a bank where she had gone with us in a N.W. gale."   Death in the Afternoon is known for both its decadence and its high strength.  

There are a number of alternative ways to produce Death in the Afternoon. The absinthe can be added to the glass after the Champagne, as some brands of absinthe will float on the Champagne for a short time. Other alternatives have arisen because of the difficulty of acquiring absinthe; the absinthe can be replaced with Absente, an alternative to absinthe available where it is illegal, or a strong pastis, such as Pernod. Variants which use an alternative to absinthe are sometimes given a different name, but are also sometimes still referred to as Death in the Afternoon.  Some recipes direct the person making the cocktail to use ingredients in addition to the Champagne and absinthe; Valerie Mellma recommends that a sugar cube and several dashes of bitters be added to the glass prior to the main ingredients. 

The cocktail is milky in appearance on account of the spontaneous emulsification of the absinthe (or substitute), and bubbly, which it takes from the Champagne. After the first sip, however, it becomes significantly less bubbly. Harold McGee, dining and wine writer for The New York Times, said that it "seemed a waste of effervescence" (though substituting Pernod for the absinthe).
Question:
The cocktail ‘Death in the Afternoon’, consisting of Absinthe and Champagne, was invented by which American author?
Answer:
Famous at Twenty-Five Thirty a Master
Passage:
Béchamel sauce
Béchamel sauce ( or;  ), also known as white sauce, is made from a white roux (butter and flour) and milk. Even though it first appeared in Italian cooking books (constituting one of the simplest sauces of the Italian cuisine), it is now considered one of the mother sauces of French cuisine.  It is used as the base for other sauces (such as Mornay sauce, which is Béchamel with cheese). 

Origin

Béchamel was a financier who held the honorary post of chief steward to King Louis XIV. The sauce first appeared in some Italian cooking books of the Rennaissance, but was introduced under its familiar name in Le Cuisinier François, published in 1651 by  François Pierre La Varenne (1615–1678), chef de cuisine to Nicolas Chalon du Blé, marquis d'Uxelles. The foundation of French cuisine, the Cuisinier François ran through some thirty editions in seventy-five years.

The sauce originally was a veal velouté with a large amount of cream added. 

Saulnier's Répertoire presents one recipe as: "White roux moistened with milk, salt, onion stuck with clove, cook for 20 minutes." 

Preparation

Béchamel is traditionally made by melting a quantity of butter, and adding an equal part of flour to make a roux, which is cooked under gentle heat while stirring with a whisk. As it is a white sauce, care must be taken not to brown the roux. Then heated milk is gradually whisked in, and the sauce is cooked until thickened and smooth. The proportion of roux and milk determines the thickness of the sauce, typically one to three tablespoons each of flour and butter per cup of milk. 

One tablespoon each of butter and flour per cup of milk makes a thin, easily pourable sauce.  Two tablespoons of each makes a medium thick sauce. Three tablespoons of each makes an extra thick sauce, such as used to fill croquettes or as a soufflé base. Salt and white pepper are added and it is customary in Italy to add a pinch of nutmeg.  Optionally a whole or cut onion, studded with one or more whole cloves, and a bay leaf may be simmered with the milk and then strained before adding to the roux.

Uses

Sauces

Béchamel sauce is the base for a number of other classic sauces with additional ingredients added including:
*Mornay sauce (cheese)
*Nantua sauce (crayfish, butter and cream)
*Crème sauce (heavy cream)
*Mustard sauce (prepared mustard seed)
*Soubise sauce (finely diced onions that have been sweated in butter)
*Cheddar cheese sauce (Cheddar cheese, dry mustard, Worcestershire sauce)

The term "white sauce" or sauce blanche may also be applied to a simple sauce consisting only of milk and melted butter, without flour or spices. 

Dishes

Dishes made with béchamel sauce include:
*Cauliflower cheese
*Croque Monsieur (some variations)
*Croquette
*Fisherman's Pie
*Lasagne
*Parmo, a type of escalop originating in Middlesbrough, that is popular in North East England.
*Moussaka and pastitsio, layered dishes found in Greece and throughout the Balkans and Middle East
*Veal Orlov
Question:
What is the sauce made from adding cheese to a Bechamel sauce?
Answer:
Mornay (disambiguation)
Passage:
Bibliophilia
Bibliophilia or bibliophilism is the love of books, and a bibliophile is an individual who loves books. 

Profile

The classic bibliophile is one who loves to read, admire and collect books, often amassing a large and specialized collection. Bibliophiles do not necessarily want to possess the books that they love; an alternative would be unusual bindings, autographed copies, etc.

Usage of the term

Bibliophilia is not to be confused with bibliomania, an obsessive–compulsive disorder involving the collecting of books to the extent that interpersonal relations or health may be negatively affected, and in which the mere fact that a physical object is a book is sufficient for it to be collected or beloved. Some use the term "bibliomania" interchangeably with "bibliophily", and in fact, the Library of Congress does not use the term "bibliophily," but rather refers to its readers as either book collectors or bibliomaniacs. 
The New York Public Library follows the same practice. 

History

According to Arthur H. Minters, the "private collecting of books was a fashion indulged in by many Romans, including Cicero and Atticus".  The term bibliophile entered the English language in 1824.  A bibliophile is to be distinguished from the much older notion of a bookman (which dates back to 1583), who is one who loves books, and especially reading; more generally, a bookman is one who participates in writing, publishing, or selling books. 

Lord Spencer and the Marquess of Blandford were noted bibliophiles. "The Roxburghe sale quickly became a foundational myth for the burgeoning secondhand book trade, and remains so to this day"; this sale is memorable due to the competition between "Lord Spencer and the marquis of Blandford [which] drove [the price of a probable first edition of Boccaccio's Decameron] up to the astonishing and unprecedented sum of £2,260".  J. P. Morgan was also a noted bibliophile. In 1884, he paid $24,750 for a 1459 edition of the Mainz Psalter.
Question:
A bibliophile is a lover of what?
Answer:
Booke
Passage:
National Hunt flat race
National Hunt Flat races, informally known as Bumper races, are a type of Flat racing but run under National Hunt racing rules in Britain and Ireland. 

National Hunt Flat races were created on 15 July, 1891 when a conference between the stewards of the British and Irish National Hunt Committees decided to abolish the distinction between the hunter and handicap horses and created a new amalgamated rule:

In modern days the National Hunt Flat races are designed for horses who have not previously ran under any other form of racing except National Hunt flat or French AQPS races and in Great Britain are restricted to horses aged 7 years or less.   They are used by trainers to give horses experience on a racecourse before beginning a career in Jumps Racing. Because of the lack of fences and hurdles, the horses sometimes run faster; however the low quality of many of these races, and that horses are only taking part to gain experience, often results in a slow pace. Bumpers are typically put at the end of a race meeting and such races are notorious for being difficult to predict the winner. The vast majority of National Hunt meetings in Ireland include a bumper.  They are run much less frequently in Britain.

The term 'bumper' arose because in the past because only amateur riders were allowed to compete and had an ungainly bumping style in comparison to the professionals.  

Bumpers are most commonly run over distances of 13 - 20 furlongs.
Question:
A National Hunt flat race is generally known as what?
Answer:
Bumper
Passage:
Farmers' Almanac
Not to be confused with the Old Farmer's Almanac. See American almanacs for historical publications with similar titles. 

Farmers' Almanac is an annual North American periodical that has been in continuous publication since 1818. Published by Geiger of Lewiston, Maine, it is famous for its long-range weather predictions and astronomical data, along with a blend of humor, trivia, and advice on gardening, cooking, fishing, and human interest. Conservation, sustainable living, and simple living are core values of the publication and its editors, and these themes are heavily promoted in every edition.

In addition to the popular U.S. version, the Almanac Publishing Company also publishes the Canadian Farmers' Almanac and a promotional version that businesses can personalize and distribute to customers. The total annual distribution of all Farmers' Almanac editions is more than 4 million copies.

History

The Farmers' Almanac was founded in Morristown, New Jersey, in 1818 by editor David Young and publisher Jacob Mann; this was, coincidentally, two years following the "year without a summer" which was an ecological disaster for farmers in northeastern America.

Astronomer Samuel Hart Wright succeeded Young in 1851, and is in turn succeeded by his son, Berlin Hart Wright, in 1875.

Ray Geiger served as the Farmers' Almanac's longest-running editor, from 1934 until shortly before his death in 1994. 
From 1949, the Farmers' Almanac's  is published by Almanac Publishing Company and distributed by Geiger Bros. 
In 1955, Geiger moved production of the Farmers' Almanac from Newark, New Jersey, to its current headquarters in Lewiston, Maine.

Ray Geiger was succeeded by his son, Peter Geiger, in 1994. The farmersalmanac.com website was launched in 1997.
The  Almanac Publishing Company partnered with Buy the Farm LLC, based in Savannah, Georgia for the purposes of publishing in video, television and new media, establishing "Farmer's Almanac TV" by 2006.

Weather prediction

Predictions for each edition are made as far as two years in advance. The U.S. retail edition of the Farmers' Almanac weather predictions for seven U.S. climatic zones, defined by the publishers, in the continental United State. Predictions cover 16 months, from the previous September (when the almanac for the new year is released) through December of the publication year.

The Farmers' Almanac will only state publicly that their method is a "top secret mathematical and astronomical formula, that relies on sunspot activity, tidal action, planetary position and many other factors." The Almanac's forecaster is referred to by the pseudonym Caleb Weatherbee.  According to the publishers, the true identity of the forecaster is kept secret to prevent him or her from being "badgered". 

Publishers point to "many longtime Almanac followers claim that our forecasts are 80% to 85% accurate" on their website.  Professional meteorologists refute this pointing to historical results of below 50 percent accuracy rate. "The ability to predict events that far in advance is zero," according to Penn State meteorologist Paul Knight     Past American Meteorological Society president Dr. J. Marshall Shepherd has criticized the use of that space weather and sunspots as a weather forecasting tool noting this is "not common meteorological practice ."

Notable articles

Most editions of the Farmer's Almanac include a "human crusade," advocating for a change in some accepted social practice or custom. Previous crusades have included: "How Much Daylight Are We Really Saving," a recommendation for a revised Daylight Saving Time schedule (2007); "Why is Good Service So Hard to Schedule," recommending that service providers offer more specific timeframes when scheduling home visits (2006); "A Kinder, Gentler Nation," urging readers to exercise more common courtesy (2003); "Saturday: The Trick to Making Halloween a Real Treat," advocating that the observance of Halloween be moved to the last Saturday in October (1999); "A Cure for Doctors' Office Delays," demanding more prompt medical service and calling for a "Patients' Bill of Rights" (1996); and "Pennies Make No Sense," which sought to eliminate the penny, and to permanently replace the dollar bill with less costly-to-produce dollar coins (1989). 

Other pieces that have attracted attention over the years include:

* Farmers' Almanacs 2010 list of the "5 Worst Weather Cities"  which elicited a call for retraction from syracuse.com  after naming the Central New York city as the worst winter weather city.
* The 2014 Winter Outlook   which called for a winter storm to hit just about the time Super Bowl XLVIII is to be played at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey. 
* The 2001 campaign to name an official National Dessert (readers resoundingly responded in favor of traditional apple pie).

Farmers' Almanac TV

In 2003, the Farmers' Almanac partnered with Buy the Farm LLC a Savannah, Georgia-based production company, to create Farmers' Almanac TV. The show – which featured segments in over a dozen lifestyle categories, including home and garden, sustainable living, cooking, natural cures, and weather – debuted on public television in the spring of 2006, bringing to life stories of grassroots living in both rural and urban America.

Farmers Almanac TV filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in May 2009, in Chatham County, Georgia.

Popular culture

The Farmers' Almanac has also been referenced in numerous television shows and movies, including: The Office, MASH, Twin Peaks, The Dukes of Hazzard, Wings, Cold Case, The Last Starfighter, and Father of the Bride.  Popular culture does not always distinguish between the Farmers' Almanac and the older Old Farmer's Almanac, so it is not always clear to which publication a particular reference to meant to allude.

The Farmer's Almanac was used in Young Mr. Lincoln, a movie about the future president starring Henry Fonda.  Lincoln referenced the Almanac as a young lawyer in a court case that helped to acquit his client.

Country singer Randy Travis has a song titled, "The Family Bible and The Farmer's Almanac" on his CD "A Man Ain't Made of Stone." The song is about his farmer grandfather and what a wise man he was, yet the only two books he owned were the ones told in the title. He got all the life advice he needed from those two books.
Question:
A ‘Flower Moon’ is the traditional name for the first full moon of which month of the year?
Answer:
㋄
Passage:
Backup band
A backing band or backup band is a musical ensemble that accompanies a lead singer at a live performance or on a recording.  This can either be an established, long-standing group that has little or no change in membership, or it may be an ad hoc group assembled for a single show or a single recording. Ad hoc or "pickup" groups are often made up of session musicians.

Notable examples

Some of the best-known, most long-lived, and most established backing bands (with lead artist) include:

* Ace in the Hole (George Strait)
* Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Otis Redding)
* Bluesbreakers (John Mayall)
* Crazy Horse (Neil Young)
* Double Trouble (Stevie Ray Vaughan)
* Drifting Cowboys (Hank Williams)
* Miami Sound Machine (Gloria Estefan)
* Mink DeVille (Willy Deville)
* Parliament Funkadelic (George Clinton)
* Patti Smith Group (Patti Smith)
* Scarlet Fever (Cee-Lo Green)
* Spearhead (Michael Franti)
* The Aces (Desmond Dekker)
* The All Stars (Junior Walker)
* The Animals (Eric Burdon)
* The Ants (Adam)
* The Attractions (Elvis Costello)
* The Bad Seeds (Nick Cave)
* The Band (Bob Dylan)
* The Bluebelles (Patti Labelle)
* The Cardinals (Ryan Adams)
* The E Street Band (Bruce Springsteen)
* The Eagles (Linda Ronstadt)
* The F.C.C. (Serj Tankian)
* The Flecktones (Bela Fleck)
* The Four Seasons (Frankie Valli)
* The Funky Bunch (Marky Mark)

* The Heartbreakers (Tom Petty)
* The Hot Band (Emmylou Harris)
* The Impressions (Curtis Mayfield)
* The Jordanaires (Elvis Presley)
* The Magic Band (Captain Beefheart)
* The Maytals (Toots)
* The Miracles (Smokey Robinson)
* The Mothers of Invention (Frank Zappa)
* The New Power Generation (Prince)
* The News (Huey Lewis)
* The Pips (Gladys Knight)
* The Raelettes (Ray Charles)
* The Revolution (Prince)
* The Rumour (Graham Parker)
* The SFA (Jonathan Davis)
* The Shadows (Cliff Richard)
* The Shondells (Tommy James)
* The Sixers (Stephen Kellogg)
* The Spiders from Mars (David Bowie)
* The Stooges (Iggy Pop)
* The Strangers (Merle Haggard)
* The Sunshine Band (KC)
* The Supremes (Diana Ross)
* The Tennessee Three (Johnny Cash)
* The Vandellas (Martha Reeves)
* The Wailers (Bob Marley)
* The Waves (Katrina Leskanich)
* Union Station (Alison Krauss)
Question:
Who had a backing group called The Jordanaires?
Answer:
Elvis Aron Presley
Passage:
Scoville scale
The Scoville scale is a measurement of the pungency (spicy heat) of chili peppers, such as the jalapeño, the bhut jolokia, and the world's current hottest pepper—the Carolina Reaper, or other spicy foods as reported in Scoville heat units (SHU),  a function of capsaicin concentration. Capsaicin is one of many related chemicals, collectively called capsaicinoids.
The scale is named after its creator, American pharmacist Wilbur Scoville. His method, devised in 1912, is known as the Scoville Organoleptic Test.

Unlike methods based on high-performance liquid chromatography, the Scoville scale is an empirical measurement dependent on the capsaicin sensitivity of testers and so is not a precise or accurate method to measure capsaicinoid concentration.

Scoville organoleptic test 

In Scoville's method, an exact weight of dried pepper is dissolved in alcohol to extract the heat components (capsinoids), then diluted in a solution of sugar water.  Decreasing concentrations of the extracted capsinoids are given to a panel of five trained tasters, until a majority (at least three) can no longer detect the heat in a dilution. The heat level is based on this dilution, rated in multiples of 100 SHU.

A weakness of the Scoville Organoleptic Test is its imprecision due to human subjectivity, depending on the taster's palate and their number of mouth heat receptors, which varies greatly among people. Another weakness is sensory fatigue: the palate is quickly desensitised to capsaicins after tasting a few samples within a short time period. Results vary widely (up to ± 50%) between laboratories. 

Scoville ratings

Considerations

Since Scoville ratings are defined per unit of dry mass, comparison of ratings between products having different water content can be misleading.
For example, typical fresh chili peppers have a water content around 90 percent, whereas Tabasco sauce has a water content of 95 percent.  For law-enforcement-grade pepper spray, values from 500,000 up to 1 million SHU have been mentioned,  but the actual strength of the spray depends on the dilution, which could vary by a factor of 10. 

The chilis with the highest rating on the Scoville scale exceed one million Scoville units, and include specimens of naga jolokia or bhut jolokia and its cultivar, the "ghost chili", which does not have official cultivar status.  The Carolina Reaper is currently the highest rated pepper in the world. 

Numerical results for any specimen vary depending on its cultivation conditions and the uncertainty of the laboratory methods used to assess the capsaicinoid content. Pungency values for any pepper are variable, owing to expected variation within a species—easily by a factor of 10 or more—depending on seed lineage, climate (humidity is a big factor for the Bhut Jolokia; the Dorset Naga and the original Naga have quite different ratings), and even soil (this is especially true of habaneros). The inaccuracies described in the measurement methods above also contribute to the imprecision of these values.

Peppers

Pure chemicals

ASTA pungency units

Since at least the 1980s, spice heat has been more precisely measured by a method that uses high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). This identifies and measures the concentration of heat-producing chemicals. The measurements are used in a mathematical formula that weights them according to their relative capacity to produce a sensation of heat. This method yields results, not in Scoville units, but in American Spice Trade Association (ASTA) pungency units. A measurement of one part capsaicin per million corresponds to about 16 Scoville units, and the published method says that ASTA pungency units can be multiplied by 16 and reported as Scoville units. Scoville units are a measure for capsaicin content per unit of dry mass.    This conversion is approximate, and spice experts Donna R. Tainter and Anthony T. Grenis say that there is consensus that it gives results about 20–50% lower than the actual Scoville method would have given.

Pharmaceutical use 

Neuropathy symptoms are often treated with high concentrations of topical hot pepper extracts (capsaicin) that is applied to the skin. This treatment can last as long as twelve weeks. Initially, the treatment is uncomfortable and a local anesthesia can be used to relieve the pain.
Question:
The Scoville Scale is used to measure the heat of what?
Answer:
Chili Pepper
Passage:
There can be only one - Highlander Wiki - Wikia
There can be only one | Highlander Wiki | Fandom powered by Wikia
There can be only one
There can be only one
1,066pages on
Share
"There can be only one" is the belief and motto among the immortals in the original Highlander film, its sequels and spin-offs. It implies that all immortals must fight and kill one another until only one remains standing; this "one" shall receive The Prize .
Highlander (1986)
Edit
Connor MacLeod first heard these words from The Kurgan in the battle between Clan MacLeod and Clan Fraser when The Kurgan impaled him and was about to cut his head off. Connor was saved by his clansmen, who rushed up and stopped The Kurgan.
Ramirez learnt of Connor MacLeod's "miraculous" survival, and tracked him down. He taught MacLeod everything about the immortals and the Quickening . He revealed that when only a few of them were left, they would irresistibly be pulled to The Gathering in a faraway land and fight for The Prize. He summed up by saying, "In the end, there can be only one." MacLeod was also told that an immortal was safe only on holy ground , and that immortals could not have children.
In his search for the Highlander, The Kurgan met Ramirez in MacLeod's home instead. He overpowered Ramirez after a hard battle, and also repeated the phrase before beheading Ramirez.
In 1985 New York City, Brenda Wyatt was suspicious of MacLeod and she was following him when The Kurgan appeared and attacked MacLeod on the street. The Kurgan taunted him with those words once again during the fight. They broke off and escaped when a police helicopter arrived. Brenda asked MacLeod what the phrase meant, but he bade her never to follow him again.
MacLeod faced off The Kurgan one last time. After beheading his opponent, he finally exclaimed, "There can be only one."
A Kind of Magic
"There can be only one" is also part of the lyrics in Queen song " A Kind of Magic " which is the closing theme music during Highlander's closing credits.
Highlander: The Search for Vengeance (2007)
Edit
In the animated film , in Rome, during the year 476 Marcus Octavius said "There can be only one" when he tried to behead Colin MacLeod . He didn't care about The Game . Marcus apparently always said this when he killed another immortal.
Question:
"What movie coined the phrase ""there can be only one""?"
Answer:
Highlander (disambiguation)
Passage:
David Nixon (magician)
David Nixon (29 December 1919GRO Register of Births: MAR 1920 3a 1125 EDMONTON - David P. Nixon – 1 December 1978GRO Register of Deaths: DEC 1978 17 1052 SURREY SE - David Porter Nixon, DoB = 29 Dec 1919) was an English magician and television personality.  At the height of his career, Nixon was the best-known magician in the UK.

Early life

Born in Muswell Hill, London, Nixon attended the Westcliff High School for Boys in Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex. His father was a lawyer whose hobby was magic and who took Nixon to watch performers such as Nevil Maskelyne and David Devant. One magician who made an early impression on the young boy was Stanley Collins, who had a gentlemanly image which influenced Nixon's later performing style. Nixon started performing magic himself after an aunt bought him an Ernest Sewell Magic Box for Christmas. On leaving school he gained a job with the Henley Telegraph, the in-house magazine of the W. T. Henley Telegraph company, a publication which had been founded by Alfred Hitchcock.  In 1938 he joined the Magic Circle. He also became an accomplished double bass player and performed with a local band.

Entertainment career

With the advent of the Second World War, Nixon joined ENSA, the organisation that was set up to provide entertainment for British troops. He had been prevented from serving in a front line role as a result of suffering from pneumonia when he was a teenager. In summer 1946, after leaving ENSA, he joined the Fol de Rols, a variety troupe based in Scarborough. He was joined on stage by the actor and comedian Norman Wisdom, who wreaked havoc with his act. The partnership was a roaring success and the two subsequently appeared at the London Casino.

In addition to his magic act, Nixon sang, danced and worked front of house. In 1947 he married a singer named Margaret Burton. The same year he got his first opportunity on television in a show called Café Continental. Nixon's big break came in 1954 when he was invited to be a panelist on the British version of the highly successful television quiz show What's My Line. He presented various series including the British version of Candid Camera, Comedy Bandbox (1962) (later David Nixon's Comedy Bandbox (1966) and was Basil Brush's first partner.  His magic shows included Tonight with David Nixon (1969), David Nixon's Magic Box (1970) and The David Nixon Show (1972). He also appeared as a panelist on TV and radio game shows, most notably on the UK TV version of What's My Line. He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1973 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the Magic Circle Headquarters in London. He then famously presented an episode of the programme the following year, in which the subject was none other than the series' regular British host, Eamonn Andrews. A keen chess player, Nixon also presented Checkmate, a Thames Television series teaching the basics of the game.

Alongside his skills as a stage magician, Nixon liked to use television technology for humour and entertainment. In the '70s, when the technology of chroma key became available, he developed a way to interact with a recording of himself apparently on the other side of a mirror. Not only was the conversation perfectly coordinated, he also used sleight-of-hand to appear to pass objects back and forth to himself. These segments became high points of his shows of that period.

David Nixon has been recognised as an influence on future UK magicians as diverse as Wayne Dobson  and Jerry Sadowitz. 

With a rich and mellow speaking voice, Nixon was also in demand as a compere and narrator. Alongside this he was a popular choice for pantomimes, which he enjoyed performing in and a favourite part was playing 'Buttons' in Cinderella. One of his most memorable performances was as a narrator in the show Emil and the Detectives, at the Mermaid Theatre, London.

Half Man Half Biscuit refer to Nixon in their song "Reflections in A Flat", from the album Back in the DHSS.

Mellotron

Among Nixon's lesser known activities was his involvement in backing the development and manufacture of the Mellotron and the company Mellotronics.  He even appeared in a Pathé news reel feature to demonstrate the instrument. 

Death

Nixon died of lung cancer in Surrey in 1978. He was a heavy smoker and was first found to have cancer in 1976. He underwent treatment, which appeared to have been successful, but the disease returned a couple of years later and he died just short of his 59th birthday.

Family

Nixon divorced Margaret in 1952. Later the same year Nixon married his second wife, Paula Marshall, who had worked with him in his act. Paula died aged 28 in a car crash in 1956, the year after the birth of the couple's son Nicholas. Nixon remarried in 1961 to Vivienne Robinson, the daughter of the well known bandleader Eric Robinson. They had a daughter, Mandy, in 1961.

Selected filmography

* The Spider's Web (1960)
Question:
Which puppet became famous after appearing on David Nixon's magic shows on TV?
Answer:
Basil Brush
Passage:
Scott Polar Research Institute
The Scott Polar Research Institute (SPRI) is a centre for research into the polar regions and glaciology worldwide. It is a sub-department of the Department of Geography in the University of Cambridge, located on Lensfield Road in the south of Cambridge ().

Purpose

SPRI was founded in 1920 as the national memorial to Captain Robert Falcon Scott and his companions, who died on their return journey from the South Pole in 1912. It investigates issues relevant to the Arctic and Antarctic in the environmental sciences, social sciences and humanities. The institute has some 60 personnel, consisting of academic, library and support staff plus postgraduate students, associates and fellows attached to research programmes. 

The institute also hosts the secretariats of the International Glaciological Society and the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research, and is part of the NERC Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling.

Resources

The Scott Polar Research Institute houses the world's most comprehensive polar library and archives.http://www.spri.cam.ac.uk/library/overview.html The archives contain an unparalleled collection of manuscript material relating to the polar regions, research and exploration. For scientists and scholars, the library offers a collection developed since the 1920s covering all subjects relating to the Arctic, the Antarctic, and to ice and snow wherever found. For industry, it is a prime information source on such subjects as exploration and exploitation of natural resources and on the environmental implications of such activities in the polar regions; on the design of ice-strengthened shipping and selection of sea routes; and on problems of construction and transportation in cold environments. The library also offers an unrivalled resource for the needs of international relations and strategic defence.

The Picture Library contains a photograph collection from both the Arctic and Antarctic, mainly depicting the history of exploration in the polar regions, including much material from the expeditions of Scott and Shackleton. Its Thomas H. Manning Polar Archives are named in honour of the British-Canadian Arctic researcher, a university alumnus.  Its work includes an oral history programme which interviews people who have worked in the polar regions over the years. Due to high demand, the Polar Archives runs a booking scheme for anyone wishing to consult material.  The library is also home to the ICSU's World Data Centre for Glaciology, Cambridge (WDCGC), funded by the Royal Society. 

The most recent addition to the library is the Shackleton Memorial Library, which in 1999 won a regional award from the Royal Institute of British Architects.  This part of the building holds much of the library's Antarctic collection, as well as some of its subject-based material. 

The library is part of the Inspire Libraries scheme  and is open to anyone with a polar interest to use for reference work and research.

The Polar Museum

SPRI operates the Polar Museum, which features artefacts (particularly from the heroic age of exploration), paintings, drawings, photographs (which includes cinematographic film, lantern slides, and daguerreotypes), and other material relating to polar history, exploration, science and art.

In 2010 the renovated Polar Museum opened its doors to the public. It now displays more of its collections than before. The new displays are based on the theme of exploration into science, emphasising both the history of exploration of the Arctic and Antarctic and the wider environmental significance of the poles in a changing world.

Art and artefacts from the people who call the Arctic home are displayed alongside the last letters of Captain Scott and iconic Antarctic photographs by Herbert Ponting. A series of exhibits shows how science is undertaken in the harsh conditions of the polar regions.

As well as these permanent exhibits, the Museum regularly hosts special exhibitions and shows of modern polar art. The Museum is open Tuesdays to Saturdays, admission is free. 

Outside the institute stands a monument of British oak to those who lost their lives in Antarctica in pursuit of science. It was unveiled on 12 May 2011 by the sculptor, Oliver Barratt and Roderick Rhys Jones (Chairman of the British Antarctic Monument Trust).  The monument represents the mould from which a stainless steel needle has been cast; the needle was erected at Stanley on the Falkland Islands.

The Museum is one of the eight museums which make up the University of Cambridge Museums consortium. 

Research

SPRI has several research groups.

Glaciology and Climate Change Group

This group's work involves quantifying the state of the cryosphere using remote sensing by satellites, plus accurate field measurements and computer simulations, to understand the processes in detail. In particular, the group has been able to observe the melting of the Larsen Ice Shelf, the rapid retreat of ice in western Antarctica, and increased summer melting in northern Canada. This work has contributed greatly to understanding climate change.

Glacimarine Environments Group

This group's work focuses on the dynamics of ice-sheets and delivery of sediment to the marine environment. The group uses geophysical and geological evidence gathered by icebreakers in the polar seas.

Polar Landscape and Remote Sensing Group

This group's work focuses on the processes which modify the polar and sub-polar environments, such as Arctic vegetation, and snow and ice cover. Improving techniques for measuring vegetation from satellite data is an important part of the work.

Polar Social Science and Humanities Group

This is an interdisciplinary group covering the anthropology, history and art of the Arctic. Its work includes looking at politics and environmental management in the polar regions, with particular expertise in the religion, culture and politics of the Russian North.
Question:
At which UK university would you find the Scott Polar Research Institute?
Answer:
Cambridge, United Kingdom
Passage:
Guatemalan quetzal
The quetzal (; code: GTQ) is the currency of Guatemala, named after the national bird of Guatemala, the resplendent quetzal.

In ancient Mayan culture, the quetzal bird's tail feathers were used as currency. It is divided into 100 centavos or lenes in Guatemalan slang. The plural is quetzales.

Exchange rate 

History

The quetzal was introduced in 1925 during the term of President José María Orellana, whose image appears on the obverseof the one-quetzal bill. It replaced the peso. Until 1987, the quetzal was pegged to and domestically equal to the United States dollar and before the pegging to the US dollar, it was pegged to the French franc as well, since the quetzal utilized the gold standard.

Coins

In 1925, coins in denominations of 1, 5, 10 centavos, ¼, ½ and 1 quetzal were introduced, although the majority of the 1 quetzal coins were withdrawn from circulation and melted. ½ and 2 centavos coins were added in 1932. Until 1965, coins of 5 centavos and above were minted in 72% silver. ½ and 1 quetzal coins were reintroduced in 1998 and 1999, respectively. Coins currently in circulation are:
*1 centavo
*5 centavos
*10 centavos
*25 centavos
*50 centavos
*1 quetzal

Banknotes

The first banknotes were issued by the Central Bank of Guatemala in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 100 quetzales, with ½ quetzal notes added in 1933. In 1946, the Bank of Guatemala took over the issuance of paper money, with its first issues being overprints on notes of the Central Bank.  Except for the introduction of 50 quetzales notes in 1967, the denominations of banknotes were unchanged until ½ and 1 quetzal coins replaced notes at the end of the 1990s.

In the top-right corner of the obverse face of each banknote, the value is displayed in Mayan numerals, representing Guatemala's cultural history.

The Bank of Guatemala has introduced a polymer banknote of 1 quetzal on August 20, 2007. The Bank of Guatemala has also introduced a 5 quetzal polymer banknote on November 14, 2011.
Question:
The quetzal is the basic monetary unit of which country?
Answer:
República de Guatemala
Passage:
Three Blind Mice
"Three Blind Mice" is an English-language nursery rhyme and musical round.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), p. 306. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 3753.

Lyrics

The modern words are:

Three blind mice. Three blind mice.
See how they run. See how they run.
They all ran after the farmer's wife,
Who cut off their tails with a carving knife,
Did you ever see such a sight in your life,
As three blind mice?W. S. Baring-Gould and C. Baring-Gould, The Annotated Mother Goose: Nursery Rhymes Old and New (Bramhall House, 1962), p. 156.

"Complete version"

Published by Frederick Warne & Co., an illustrated children's book by John W. Ivimey entitled The Complete Version of Ye Three Blind Mice,  fleshes the mice out into mischievous characters who seek adventure, eventually being taken in by a farmer whose wife chases them from the house and into a bramble bush, which blinds them. Soon after, their tails are removed by "the butcher's wife" when the complete version incorporates the original verse. The story ends with them using a tonic to grow new tails and recover their eyesight, learning a trade (making wood chips, according to the accompanying illustration), buying a house and living happily ever after. Published perhaps in 1900,  the book is now in the public domain. 

Origins and meaning

A version of this rhyme, together with music, was published in Deuteromelia or The Seconde part of Musicks melodie (1609). The editor of the book, and possible author of the rhyme,  was Thomas Ravenscroft, who in 1609 was still a teenager. The original lyrics are:

Three Blinde Mice,
Three Blinde Mice,
Dame Iulian,
Dame Iulian,
the Miller and his merry olde Wife,
she scrapte her tripe licke thou the knife.

Attempts to read historical significance into the words have led to the speculation that this musical round was written earlier and refers to Queen Mary I of England blinding and executing three Protestant bishops,  but problematically the Oxford Martyrs, Ridley, Latimer and Cranmer, were burned at the stake, not blinded; although if the rhyme was made by crypto-Catholics, the mice's "blindness" could refer to their Protestantism.

The rhyme only entered children's literature in 1842 when it was published in a collection by James Orchard Halliwell.

Variations

Amateur music composer Thomas Oliphant (1799–1873)  noted in 1843 that:
This absurd old round is frequently brought to mind in the present day, from the circumstance of there being an instrumental Quartet by Weiss, through which runs a musical phrase accidentally the same as the notes applied to the word Three Blind Mice. They form a third descending, C, B, A. 

Robert Schumann's Kreisleriana #7, which is arguably about a cat (Murr), appears to be based upon "Three Blind Mice", but in a predominantly minor key. "Three Blind Mice" is to be found in the fugue which is the centerpiece of #7.

Joseph Holbrooke (1878–1958) composed his Symphonic Variations, opus 37, based on Three Blind Mice. Also, Joseph Haydn used its theme in the Finale (4th Mvt) of his Symphony 83 (La Poule) (1785–86); one of the 6 Paris Symphonies, and the music also appears in the final movement of English composer Eric Coates' suite The Three Men. "Three Blind Mice" was also used as a theme song for The Three Stooges and a Curtis Fuller arrangement of the rhyme is featured on the Art Blakey live album of the same name. The song is also the basis for Leroy Anderson's orchestral "Fiddle Faddle".

The theme of the second movement of Sergei Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 4 (1926, revised 1928 and 1941) was criticized as resembling Three Blind Mice.

Colorado rock band Sawatch recorded a version of Three Blind Mice on their new cd "Another Gin.'

Use in popular culture

The soundtrack for the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No features  "Kingston Calypso", a calypso version of "Three Blind Mice" with new lyrics, in reference to three villainous characters in the film. 

In several sports (basketball and hockey, for example, which have three referees), "Three Blind Mice" is used as a derogatory phrase for poor referees. Bands also play the song to mock referees in similar cases. Such references, however, are frowned upon officially by both sports as unsportsmanlike. [http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=2709823 ESPN – Frank not fined; Kidd docked $20K for postgame rant - NBA], Sports.ESPN.Go.com.  Before Major League Baseball required four umpires at every game, there were regularly three. The Brooklyn Dodgers had a fan band called the "Sym-Phoney Band", led by Shorty Laurice, which started playing "Three Blind Mice" when the umpires came out onto the field until the league office ordered the team to stop, around the same time a fourth umpire was added. In 1985, Wilbur Snapp, the organist for the Clearwater Phillies, was thrown out of the game for playing "Three Blind Mice" after what he considered a bad call. In 1992, Jason Patrick, keyboardist for the Amarillo Texans independent baseball team, was also ejected for playing the song after a disputed call.  On August 1, 2012, during a Daytona Cubs – Fort Myers Miracle minor-league baseball game, umpire Mario Seneca tossed the public address announcer Derek Dye for playing the song "Three Blind Mice" after a disputed call at first base. 

Canadian rock trio Rush often played "Three Blind Mice" as an intro to their own songs in concert, notably during their "Hold Your Fire" tour of 1987–1988.  An elaborate parody of the rhyme, arranged as if it were a piece of jazz-music, occurs in an act by Ronnie Corbett and Ronnie Barker, poking fun at Johnny Dankworth and Cleo Laine.
Question:
Those poor “Three Blind Mice” of nursery rhyme fame had their tails cut off by the farmer’s wife using what sharp instrument?
Answer:
Knife bolster
Passage:
Carla Lane funeral to take place in liverpool | Daily Mail ...
Carla Lane funeral to take place in liverpool | Daily Mail Online
Next
'You didn't know whether to laugh or cry': Stars pay tribute to the work of Carla Lane who wrote Bread and The Liver Birds as they join family at her funeral 
Liverpool television comedy writer Carla Lane died at a nursing home aged 87, at the end of last month
Her sitcoms, including Butterflies, Bread and The Liver Birds, established Lane as one of the best-loved writers 
Today, her funeral service took place at 2pm at Liverpool Cathedral. She leaves two sons, Nigel and Colin
Question:
Which Liverpool born writer penned the comedy series Butterflies?
Answer:
Carla Lane
Passage:
Century Dictionary
The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia was one of the largest encyclopedic dictionaries of the English language.  The first edition was published from 1889 to 1891 by The Century Company of New York, in six, eight, or ten volume versions (originally issued in 24 fascicles) in 7,046 pages with some 10,000 wood-engraved illustrations.  It was edited by Sanskrit scholar and linguist William Dwight Whitney, with Benjamin Eli Smith's assistance.  It was a great expansion of the smaller Imperial Dictionary of the English Language, which in turn had been based on the 1841 edition of Noah Webster's American Dictionary.

After Whitney's death in 1894, supplementary volumes were published under Smith's supervision, including The Century Cyclopedia of Names (1894) and The Century Atlas (1897).  A two-volume Supplement of new vocabulary, published in 1909, completed the dictionary.  A reformatted edition, The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia, was published in 1911 in twelve quarto volumes: ten of vocabulary, plus the volume of names and the atlas.  This set went through several printings, the last in 1914.  The same year, the ten vocabulary volumes were published as one giant volume, about 8500 pages in a very thin paper. The now much coveted India paper edition also appeared around this time, usually in 5 double volumes (rarely, in 10 single volumes) plus one additional for the Cyclopedia.

The completed dictionary contained over 500,000 entries, more than Webster's New International or Funk and Wagnalls New Standard, the largest other dictionaries of the period.  Each form of a word was treated separately, and liberal numbers of quotations and additional information were included to support the definitions.  In its etymologies, Greek words were not transliterated.

Although no revised edition of the dictionary was ever again published, an abridged edition with new words and other features, The New Century Dictionary (edited by H.G. Emery and K.G. Brewster; revision editor, Catherine B. Avery,) was published by Appleton-Century-Crofts of New York in 1927, and reprinted in various forms for over thirty-five years.  The New Century became the basis for the American College Dictionary, the first Random House Dictionary, in 1947.  The three volume New Century Cyclopedia of Names, an expansion of the 1894 volume, was published in 1954, edited by Clarence Barnhart.

The Century Dictionary was admired for the quality of its entries, the craftsmanship in its design, typography, and binding, and its excellent illustrations.  It has been used as an information source for the makers of many later dictionaries, including editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, who cited it over 2,000 times in the first edition. In 1913, Stewart Archer Steger from the University of Virginia published his Ph.D. dissertation "American Dictionaries" and devoted a 14-page Chapter VI to Century Dictionary. He concluded the chapter with these words: "Altogether, The Century Dictionary far surpasses anything in American lexicography".

Digitization efforts 

The works are out of copyright, and efforts have been made to digitize the volumes.

24-part set 

1889–91

Ten volume set 

Twelve volume set

* [http://catalog.hathitrust.org/Record/001183279 1911], University of Michigan and Cornell University

Sources

*Adams, James Truslow. Dictionary of American History. New York: Scribner, 1940.
*Bailey, Richard, et al. "Forum: Centennial Celebration of The Century Dictionary". Dictionaries: Journal of the Dictionary Society of North America 17 (1996): 1–125.
Question:
Whose 19th century dictionary standardised US English?
Answer:
Noah Webster
Passage:
The Son of Man
The Son of Man () is a 1964 painting by the Belgian surrealist painter René Magritte.

Magritte painted it as a self-portrait. The painting consists of a man in an overcoat and a bowler hat standing in front of a low wall, beyond which is the sea and a cloudy sky. The man's face is largely obscured by a hovering green apple. However, the man's eyes can be seen peeking over the edge of the apple. Another subtle feature is that the man's left arm appears to bend backwards at the elbow.

About the painting, Magritte said:

Similar paintings

The Son of Man resembles The Great War on Façades (La Grande Guerre Façades), another Magritte painting featuring similar imagery. Both feature a person standing in front of a wall overlooking the sea. The Great War on Façades, however, features a woman holding an umbrella, her face covered by a flower. There is also Man in the Bowler Hat, a similar painting where the man's face is obscured by a bird rather than an apple.

In popular culture 

In Gary Braunbeck's novel Keepers, the antagonist figures (the "Keepers" of the title) resemble the nattily-dressed, bowler-hatted figures of Magritte's painting. Also, in the opening scene of the book, the reference is directly made and explained to this resemblance because of an apple-scented car air freshener printed with the image of the painting hanging in the protagonist's car.

In Lev Grossman's 2009 novel The Magicians the antagonist is a man wearing a suit, with his face obscured by a leafed branch suspended in midair.

In Jimmy Liao's illustrated book The Starry Starry Night, the protagonist girl, with the painting illustrated behind her, imitates the painting to express her protest against her parents' long term fighting. 

In 1970, Norman Rockwell did a playful homage to The Son of Man as a 13 by oil painting entitled Mr. Apple  in which a man's head is replaced, rather than hidden, by a red apple.

The music video to "Astral Traveller" by the band Yes features a similarly dressed man walking away from the camera throughout the video.  He turns to the camera at the end of the video to reveal a large picture of a green apple floating in front of his face.

The painting appears in Alejandro Jodorowsky's film The Holy Mountain, on a wall in the house of Jupiter. 

A parody of the painting, with Bart behind the floating apple, can be seen briefly at the start of The Simpsons episode "Treehouse of Horror IV". 

The set design, costumes, and promotional poster for the 1992 movie Toys reflect the painting's style.

The painting appears briefly on the video for Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson's song "Scream" (1995), on the “Gallery” section. 

The painting appears several times in the 1999 version of The Thomas Crown Affair, especially in the final robbery scenes when men wearing bowler hats and trench coats carry briefcases throughout the museum to cover Crown's movements and confuse the security team. 

It is referenced in the 2006 film Stranger Than Fiction.

In the film Mr Magorium's Wonder Emporium (2007), the painting is seen hanging on the wall half finished; at the end of the film Mr Magorium is seen to be painting the rest of it.

This painting also shows up at the end of the film Bronson (2008). British prisoner Charlie Bronson takes a hostage and turns him into this particular portrait.

The cover of the book Rubies in the Orchard: How to Uncover the Hidden Gems in Your Business (2009) has a version of the painting, with a pomegranate.

In the movie 500 Days of Summer (2009), the bowler hat and green apple can be seen in Summer's apartment.

During his performance in the 2012 semi-final of UK talent show The Voice, judge (and the Script frontman) Danny O'Donoghue reenacted the scene depicted in the painting, donning the distinctive hat and clothing, with a model of the apple suspended in front of his face.

A parody painting can be found in Underground Cabins in Terraria.
Question:
"In Rene Magritte's painting ""The Son of Man"", what is obscuring the man's face?"
Answer:
Malus 'Granny Smith'
Passage:
Rock Lobster
"Rock Lobster" is a song written by Fred Schneider and Ricky Wilson, two members of The B-52's. It was produced in two versions, one by DB Records released in April 1978, and a longer version, which was part of the band's 1979 self-titled debut album, released by Warner Bros.   The song became one of their signature tunes and it helped launch the band's success.

"Rock Lobster" was the band's first single to appear on the Billboard Hot 100, where it reached No. 56. A major hit in Canada, the single went all the way to No. 1 in the RPM national singles chart. Its follow-up was "Private Idaho," in October 1980, which reached No. 74 in the US. It was well received by critics and was placed at No. 147 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. 

Composition and themes

The DB Records single version lasts 4'37" and is rawer and faster than the 1979 Warner single version.  It has, however, almost the same lyrics of the second version, just including some extra lines in the listing of marine animals. The 1979 single version itself is an edit from the album version released in 1979, which lasts about seven minutes and contains an extra verse.

Its lyrics include nonsensical lines about a beach party and excited rants about real or imagined marine animals ("There goes a dog-fish, chased by a cat-fish, in flew a sea robin, watch out for that piranha, there goes a narwhal, here comes a bikini whale!"), accompanied by absurd, fictional noises attributed to them (provided by Kate Pierson and Cindy Wilson — Pierson providing the higher-pitched noises and Wilson the lower-pitched ones); the chorus consists of the words "Rock Lobster!" repeated over and over on top of a keyboard line.

"Rock Lobster" is written in the key of C minor (with a raised fourth in the chorus) and is in common time. Instruments used in the music include a baritone-tuned surf-style Mosrite electric guitar, a Farfisa Combo Compact organ, and drums. Kate Pierson played the song's bass line on a Korg SB-100 "Synth Bass" synthesizer.

Reception

Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic called the song "incredibly infectious" and "memorable". 

Personnel

*Fred Schneider – vocals, cowbell
*Kate Pierson – vocals, Farfisa organ, synth bass
*Cindy Wilson – vocals, tambourine
*Ricky Wilson – electric guitar
*Keith Strickland – drums, percussion

Chart performance

The song was well-received overall, and was the band's first single to appear on the Billboard Hot 100, where it reached No. 56. In Canada, released on the Warner Bros. label, the single became a huge hit, eventually going on to reach No. 1 in the RPM-compiled national chart on May 24, 1980. Although Rock Lobster only reached No. 37 on the UK Singles Chart in August 1979, it fared better there when reissued in 1986, reaching No. 12 as a double A-side with Planet Claire. 

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

In popular culture

In spring 1980, John Lennon, whose post-Beatles music career had been on hiatus for nearly 5 years while he helped raise his son Sean, was prompted to record again after hearing "Rock Lobster";  according to Lennon, "it sounds just like Ono's music, so I said to , 'It's time to get out the old axe and wake the wife up!'"   His return to the studio led to the release of Double Fantasy. At a 2002 B-52's concert in New York, Yoko Ono joined them onstage for the performance of this song. 

The song appears in the Family Guy episodes "The Cleveland–Loretta Quagmire" (where Peter plays it on guitar)  and "Screams of Silence: The Story of Brenda Q" (as "Iraq Lobster"), and in the 2008 movie The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything: A VeggieTales Movie (as "Rock Monster").  

Early Commodore Amiga 500 units had "B52/ROCK LOBSTER" etched on the main circuit board. 

The song is playable in the video game Just Dance 4. 

Panic! at the Disco sampled the song's guitar riff for their song "Don't Threaten Me with a Good Time" on their fifth studio album Death of a Bachelor (2016).
Question:
Which group sharing its name with a military aircraft had hits with 'Rock Lobster and 'The Love Shack'?
Answer:
The b52
