Passage:
Pouchong
Pouchong (; Standard Chinese pronunciation) or light oolong, it is a lightly fermented (oxidized) tea, twist shape, with floral notes, and usually not roasted, somewhere between green tea and what is usually considered Oolong tea (), though often classified with the latter due to its lack of the sharper green tea flavours.  It is produced mainly in Fujian, China, and in Pinglin Township near Taipei, Taiwan.

Its name in Chinese, literally "the wrapped kind", refers to a  practice of wrapping the leaves in paper during the drying process that has largely been discontinued due to advancement in tea processing.  At its best, Pouchong gives off a floral and melon fragrance and has a rich, mild taste.
Usually around the end of March, begins picking of this famous Taiwan "spring tea" (春茶).
Pouchong is a popular choice with producers of scented tea, with rose pouchong a particular favourite.

Before 1873, oolong tea was widely sold in Mainland China and Taiwan, but after an economic slump, some tea companies stopped selling oolong tea because of decreasing demand. At this time, tea companies moved production from Taiwan to Fuzhou and began producing pouchong tea. Pouchong tea is referred to as “flower tea” because of its fragrant smell.

Health benefits

Together with green tea, oolong tea, and black tea, Pouchong tea has been shown to have antioxidant activity and antimutagenic properties.  Tea catechins are important antioxidants and one study found Pouchong tea to have over three times the amount of these compounds relative to black tea, although it was found to have less than green or oolong teas.
The name pouchong comes into the English language from the Chinese name (). 

Pouchong tea in Taiwan

Farmers from Taiwan imported trees and growing techniques from Fujian during the nineteenth century. The name of pouchong tea means “wrapped” tea and refers to the former paper package style. The most popular kinds of pouchong tea are from the Nankang and Wenshan regions. It has been produced since about 1885, but today very little is  grown. Wenshan Pouchong Tea is also one of the ten most popular teas in Taiwan.

Characteristics

The appearance of pouchong tea is similar to a rope and is curled up. It has a deep green color with tiny grayish white spots. The fermentation is between 8 and 12%. It has a delicate fragrance similar to fresh flowers. The taste is not harsh and its sweet flavor has a moisturizing effect.[http://www.doed.taipei.gov.tw/ct.asp?xItem27982219&CtNode
54025&mp10500K : Taipei Recreational Agriculture][http://books.google.com.tw/books?id
BdWpWha_0EsC&pgPT51&lpg
PT51&dqpouchong+tea+%22white+spots%22&source
bl&ots1Qb5CcGePc&sig
NdxXroZEJDJNcQoNyGK-mf7I7Bc&hlzh-TW&sa
X&eiqdyCU6ePEIK4kgXd_YC4DQ&ved
0CDcQ6AEwAQ#vonepage&q
pouchong%20tea%20%22white%20spots%22&f=false: The Ultimate Guide to Chinese Tea]
Question:
Huqiu, Tianchi, Pouchong, Longjing and Songluo are Chinese?
Answer:
Teas
Passage:
Northgate Mall (Seattle)
Northgate Mall is a shopping mall in the Northgate district of north urban Seattle, Washington.  It is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, JCPenney, Macy's and Nordstrom.

History

An open-air retail hub in the northern environs of Seattle, Northgate Mall was one of the first post-war, suburban mall-type shopping centers in the United States. Originally known as Northgate Center, it began business with 18 stores in April 1950. By 1952, the fully leased structure housed over seventy tenants,  and the adjoined 4-story Northgate Building medical/dental center and Northgate Theatre, which seated over 1300 patrons. 

Northgate was the first of three Puget Sound-area malls developed by Allied Stores (parent company of The Bon Marché) and designed by Seattle architect John Graham, Jr. The development was built over part of Thornton Creek, on land that had been a cranberry bog in Maple Leaf neighborhood.
  "NN-1030S", "NN-1040S".jpg dated 17 June 2002.
(1) 
  (2)   See heading, "Note about limitations of these data". Northgate was the first regional shopping center in the United States to be described as a mall, in this instance a double row of stores facing each other across a covered pedestrian walkway, and was the first mall to have public restrooms. 

In 1952, Redmond sculptor Dudley C. Carter designed and carved the 59 ft cedar totem pole that decorated the grand entrance to the central retail corridor, known as the "Miracle Mall". The shopping center was originally anchored by The Bon Marché (renamed Macy's 2005). There were also a J.J. Newberry 5 and 10, Butler Brothers variety store and an A & P Supermarket.

Other tenants signing on early that still exist were National Bank of Commerce (bought by Norwest Corporation, renamed Wells Fargo) and locally owned Nordstrom's Shoes. This was expanded into a full line clothing store in 1965. Opened as a Best's Apparel, a division of the Nordstrom Company since 1963, it was rebranded as Nordstrom Best in 1967 and Nordstrom in 1973. The 1965 expansion that added the Best's Apparel store also included an extension of the south end of the complex. This was anchored by a new J.C. Penney and QFC (Quality Food Center) grocery.

The "Miracle Mall" concourse had been partially enclosed with a "SkyShield" structure in 1962. This was replaced in 1973-1974, with the mall corridor being fully enclosed. The official name of the shopping complex was changed to Northgate Mall at this time. Seattle-based Lamonts added a store to the northern end of the concourse in 1977. After the acquisition of the Lamonts department store chain by Gottschalks in 2000, Gottschalks was located at Northgate Mall until September 2006.  It closed after six years due to underperforming sales, and the former location is currently the home to DSW and Bed, Bath and Beyond. In January 2012, Toys "R" Us closed which coincided with the end of its lease. 

Capitalizing on Northgate's success, Allied Stores commissioned Graham to design the fully enclosed Tacoma Mall, which opened in 1964, and Tukwila's Southcenter Mall in 1968.  By 1980, there were 123 stores at Northgate Mall. Construction began in the summer of 2006 on a 100000 sqft lifestyle-type addition to the mall. This was completed in early 2008.Wilma (2005)  Anchor stores are Nordstrom, Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Bed Bath and Beyond. 

Green River Killer

On September 12, 1983, Tracy Ann Winston was abducted from Northgate Mall and murdered by Gary Ridgway, the Green River Killer.  

Northgate Mall remodeling project 

In 2006, Simon Properties embarked on an expansion of Northgate Mall, in part because of the city's plan for revitalizing the Northgate neighborhood.  The expansion plans included a new outdoor "urban-village" on the western end of the mall facing Interstate 5. This village opened in November 2007.

A new five level parking garage at the south end of the mall provides parking for mall users and additional transit parking. The totem pole at the north entrance of the mall was removed in September 2007.   Around the same time, the original Northgate Theatre and 4-story Northgate Building were demolished to make space for new tenants.

Location

The mall is bounded on the north by NE Northgate Way (formerly NE 110th Street), on the west by 1st Avenue NE, on the south by NE 103rd Street, and on the east by 5th Avenue NE.  The Northgate informal district and Northgate Way were both named after the mall.   The original mall has itself become the anchor for development of surrounding apartment buildings, retail and light commercial blocks and community spaces, all now part of a more comprehensive plan for growth such as the opportunities and impacts of transit facilities and the light rail station for the district.(1) Langston, for one example of numerous.  (2)   (3)   (4)   (5) See also GI Joes–Target complex c. early 2000s, and Group Health Northgate (1958) [HistoryLink Staff].

Transit 

The first express bus service in Washington State was launched with service between Northgate and Downtown (1970).  The "Blue Streak" served as a model for dozens of additional park-and-ride routes implemented by Metro Transit over western King County and linking with Snohomish and Pierce counties. 

Northgate will be an elevated Link Light Rail station to the west of the mall, connected to the Northgate Transit Center. It will be the final station on the Northgate Link Extension, scheduled to open in 2021, and the first above-ground station north of Downtown Seattle. 

Anchors 

* Macy's (319,000 ft²)
* J.C. Penney (168,800 ft²)
* Nordstrom (122,187 ft²)'
* DSW 
* Bed, Bath and Beyond

Former

* Gottschalks (now DSW and Bed, Bath, & Beyond)
* Lamonts (later Gottschalks)
* The Bon Marche (now Macy's)
* Toys "R" Us (now Nordstrom Rack)
Question:
Which property management group, the largest real estate investment group in the US, owns and operates the Northgate Mall?
Answer:
Simon Malls
Passage:
Marriott Edgar
Marriott Edgar (1880–1951), born George Marriott Edgar in Kirkcudbright, Scotland, was a poet, scriptwriter and comedian best known for writing many of the monologues performed by Stanley Holloway, particularly the 'Albert' series. 
In total he wrote sixteen monologues for Stanley Holloway, whilst Holloway himself wrote only five.

Family background

Edgar's parents were Jennifer née Taylor, a native of Dundee, and Richard Horatio Marriott Edgar (1847–1894), only son of Alice Marriott (1824–1900), proprietress of the Marriott family theatre troupe. Richard was born in Manchester, Lancashire, near Christmas 1847 as Richard Horatio Marriott; both his two sisters, Adeline Marriott (b. 1853) and Grace Marriott (b. 1858) were also born in Lancashire. Later all three children chose to take the surname of their mother's husband, Robert Edgar, whom she married in 1856.[http://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/search.pl?start
1856&end1856&sq
2&eq2&type
Marriages&vol1d&pgno
130&jsexec1&mono
0&vMTM0NTgwMjQ5OTo2YTNlNWYwYzRiOGNmODllMThjYjE3ODkzY2UwY2MyMTAyMDQyZmZj&searchdef
db%3Dbmd_1344282533%26sq%3D1%26v%3DMTM0NTgwMTc4MDowMWFlOWIzMmE2YzgxZDExMzZjMDQ3MDc0ZDI2ZGM5ODdiMjE2OTYx%26s_surname%3Dmarriott%26surname%3Dedgar%26end%3D1856%26type%3DMarriages%26eq%3D2%26start%3D1856&action=Find FreeBMD marriage record, June 1856]

Richard and Jenny married in March 1875, with Richard being unaware that he had fathered an illegitimate namesake son, Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace, with widowed actress Mrs Mary Jane "Polly" Richards, after a brief sexual encounter. Polly had invented an obligation in London to hide her pregnancy and give birth in secret on 1 April 1875, almost a month after Richard and Jenny married. This son became the famous journalist, novelist, playwright and screenplay writer Edgar Wallace.

Richard and Jenny Taylor's children were Alice Marriott Edgar (b. 1876, London), twins Richard and Jennifer Marriott Edgar (b. 1878, London), after whose births the family moved to Scotland where George was born, then  returning to London where Joseph Marriott Edgar was born in 1884 and Adeline Alice Edgar in 1886.

Early career

Little is recorded of George Marriott Edgar's early career, but he was talented performer, poet and writer. His first real successes began after he had been in the cast of The Co-Optimists and worked with Stanley Holloway.[http://www.classicsonline.com/catalogue/product.aspx?pid
718 Cary Ginell on Stanley Holloway at classicsonline.com] At the start of the 1930s they went to Hollywood, where Edgar - who had dropped his first name for the professional appellation Marriott Edgar - met his famous half-brother.

Monologues

Holloway was already enjoying some success with the monologue format, with such classics as Sam, Pick Oop Tha' Musket. Edgar asked him if he had heard a story about a couple who had taken their son to the zoo, only to see the lad eaten by a lion.  Holloway had indeed heard the story, and shortly afterwards Edgar supplied him with a script.  The Lion and Albert became one of Holloway's most popular pieces, one of many he recorded beginning in 1930. The lion of the poem is named "Wallace", which was the name of the first African lion to be bred in Britain, living from 1812 until 1838, and his name became a popular one for lions.[http://www.ravishingbeasts.com/lions/2006/11/3/wallace-the-lion.html Wallace the lion at ravishingbeasts.com] Edgar gave the poem the titleThe Lion and Albert but some later performances and re-publications used the form Albert and the Lion.[http://www.seiyaku.com/lit/monologues/003.html The Lion and Albert ] The nearby pub also uses the latter form.

The monologues were designed to be spoken rhythmically, with piano accompaniment which in many cases was also composed by Edgar.for examples see The texts were published by Francis, Day & Hunter during the 1930s in three collections. All were illustrated by John Hassall, many of whose lively images also became classics. Edgar's compositions were
*Albert 'Arold and Others – performed by Stanley Holloway and Marriott Edgar
**The Lion and Albert: Albert swallowed by a lion in the menagerie of Blackpool Tower
**Runcorn Ferry (Tuppence per Person per Trip), set in Runcorn
**Three Ha'pence a Foot, featuring an argument with Noah
**The Battle of Hastings, an account of the Battle of Hastings
**Marksman Sam, featuring Stanley Holloway's creation Sam Small
**Albert and the 'Eadsman, set in the Tower of London
**The Return of Albert (Albert Comes Back), sequel to The Lion and Albert
**Goalkeeper Joe, set in Wigan
**Gunner Joe, at the Battle of Trafalgar
**The Jubilee Sov'rin, the awkward loss of a sovereign commemorating Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee
**The Magna Charter, the signing of Magna Carta
**Little Aggie, an elephant
*Albert and Balbus and Samuel Small – written and performed by Marriott Edgar
**Sam's Medal (not written by Edgar)
**The 'Ole in the Ark, a necessary repair to Noah's Ark
**Sam's Racehorse, an unfortunate purchase
**George and the Dragon, an unhelpful pub landlady
**The Recumbent Posture, a linguistic misunderstanding
**The Channel Swimmer, an attempt on the English Channel
**Asparagus, a cautionary tale
**Uppards, a Lancashire version of Longfellow's famous poem Excelsior
**Joe Ramsbottom, a farmer and the squire
**Burghers of Calais, retelling the story of the Burghers of Calais
**Balbus (The Great Wall of China), a fantasy based on the Latin textbook example: "Balbus built a wall"
**Jonah and the Grampus, the story of Jonah
*Normans and Saxons and Such – some Ancient History
**Canute the Great 1017–1035, about Cnut the Great
**William Rufus 1087–1100, about William II of England
**Queen Matilda 1100–1135, about Empress Matilda
**The Fair Rosamond 1154–1189, about Rosamund Clifford
**Richard Cœur-de-Lion 1189–1199, about Richard I of England
**Henry the Seventh 1485–1509, about Henry VII of England

The Lion and Albert and The Return of Albert have been translated into German under the titles Der Löwe und Albert and Albert kommt wieder, na klar! respectively.

Film scriptwriting

Between 1936 and 1944 Edgar worked for Gainsborough Pictures as a scriptwriter for a number of British films, all comedies except The Ghost Train, such as

Marriage and family

In 1904 in Brentford he married Mildred Williams.[http://www.freebmd.org.uk/cgi/search.pl?start
1904&end1904&sq
4&eq4&type
Marriages&vol3a&pgno
286&jsexec1&mono
0&vMTM0NTgxMDA1NTo4ZGRkMWI3Mjc5NWZiM2UwMmMyOGU3NTUxNzMxZmYzNzZhOTVlMWYy&searchdef
db%3Dbmd_1344282533%26sq%3D1%26v%3DMTM0NTgwOTkzMzplYzdhNWFlYmY3MTQyZWZkMjE2YzI4OTgxYzljM2Q2NjIxZWI5MzIz%26s_surname%3Dwilliams%26surname%3Dedgar%26end%3D1905%26type%3DMarriages%26eq%3D4%26start%3D1900&action=Find FreeBMD marriage record, December 1904] They had a son, Hindle (1905–1985) who was an actor. Edgar died in Battle, East Sussex, 5 May 1951.
Question:
"In the monologue, ""Albert and The Lion"", what was the name of the lion?"
Answer:
Wallace crater
Passage:
Adamstown, Pitcairn Islands
Adamstown is the only settlement on, and as such, the capital of, the Pitcairn Islands.

Overview

Adamstown has a population of 56, which is the entire population of the Pitcairn Islands: all the other islands in the group are uninhabited. Adamstown is where most residents eat, drink and sleep, while they grow food in other areas of the island. 

The hamlet currently is the second smallest capital in the world. It has access to television, satellite internet, and a telephone. The main means of communication is still the ham radio. According to Google Maps, the only named road in the capital is called "The Hill of Difficulty". A small amount of the population, around 10 people, live around the only district in Pitcairn Islands, Kundur Marqa, which is an Asian district.

History

The history of the Pitcairn Islands begins with the colonization of the islands by Polynesians in the 11th century. The Polynesians established a culture that flourished for four centuries and then vanished. Pitcairn was settled again in 1790 by a group of British mutineers on HMS Bounty and Tahitians.

Geography

The settlement is located on the central-north side of the island of Pitcairn, facing the Pacific Ocean and close to the Bounty Bay, the only seaport of the island.

Climate

Adamstown has a wet warm climate averaging 67 in of rain a year. The wettest month is July. Temperatures do not change much during the year.

Personalities

*Fletcher Christian (1764–1793)
*John Adams (1768–1829)
*Ned Young (1762–1800)
*Thursday October Christian (1790–1831)
*Meralda Warren (b. 1959)
*Joshua Hill (1773–1844?)
*Steve Christian (b. 1951)

Photogallery

File:Pitcairn - Church of Adamstown.jpg|Church of Adamstown
File:Bounty bay.jpg|Bounty Bay
File:Geodesy Collection Pitcairn Island.jpg|People landing on Bounty Bay
File:Bountybibel.jpg|Bible of the Bounty in the church of Adamstown
Question:
What is the capital of the Pitcairn Islands?
Answer:
Adamstown (disambiguation)
Passage:
I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair
"I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair" is a song from the musical South Pacific, sung by Nellie Forbush, the female lead, originally played by Mary Martin in the 1949 Broadway production. Her character, fed up with a man (Emile De Becque) and singing energetically in the shower, claims that she will forget about him.  The song was written by Rodgers and Hammerstein in response to Martin's request.  She had starred on Broadway for years and Martin suggested that she actually wash her hair on stage during the performance.  

"I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair" was adapted for a commercial jingle for Clairol hair coloring in the 1970s.  PJ Harvey referenced the song in her 1992 single "Sheela-Na-Gig" with the repeated lyric "gonna wash that man right outa my hair".  50 Foot Wave's song "Bone China" also references this song in the lyric, "Gonna wash that man right out of my head / and soap him into my eyes".

The song was covered in the 2004 film Connie and Carla by the title characters (portrayed by Nia Vardalos & Toni Collette).

Recordings 

*Diana Miller, Arne Domnérus and his orchestra. Recorded in Stockholm on September 22, 1952. It was released on the 78rpm record His Master's Voice X 7829.
Question:
I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Out of My Hair came from which show?
Answer:
South Pacific (disambiguation)
Passage:
Illiers-Combray
Illiers-Combray is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in north central France.

Population

Literature

Combray was the writer Marcel Proust's name for the village of Illiers (near the Cathedral town of Chartres), vividly depicted by him in the opening chapters of his vast semi-autobiographical novel In Search of Lost Time. 

The home of Proust's "Aunt Léonie" in the heart of the village, where he spent much of his childhood, has been transformed into a museum to the writer's memory. It provides visitors with a delightful view of 19th century provincial life as well as of the many Proustian mementos on display. 

It should be added that Proust scholars have recently claimed his descriptions of "Combray" owe as much to the author's stays in his uncle's home in Auteuil, near Paris, as to Illiers-Combray.

As a tribute to Proust's literary masterpiece, the people of Illiers decided, in 1971, to change the town's name to Illiers-Combray, on the occasion of the first centenary of the author's birth.
Question:
The French commune of Illiers adopted the name Illiers-Combray in homage to which author whose vivid recreation of the town (through recollection) opens his vast magnum opus?
Answer:
Valentin-Louis-Georges-Eugene-Marcel Proust
Passage:
Secretary of State for Education
Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Education (frequently shortened to the Education Secretary) is the chief minister of the Department for Education in the United Kingdom government. The position was re-established on 12 May 2010.  Under the provisions for devolved government in the UK its remit applies only to England, covering; 
* Early years   
* Adoption and child protection
* Teachers’ pay
* The school curriculum
* School improvement
* The establishment of academies and free schools.

History

A committee of the Privy Council was appointed in 1839 to supervise the distribution of certain government grants in the education field. The members of the committee were the Lord President of the Council, the Secretaries of State, the First Lord of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. From 1857 a vice-president was appointed who took responsibility for policy.

On 1 April 1900, the Board of Education Act 1899 abolished the committee and instituted a new board, headed by a president. The members were initially very similar to the old committee and the president of the board was the Lord President of the Council; however, from 1902 this ceased to be the case and the president of the board was appointed separately (although the Marquess of Londonderry happened to hold both jobs from 1903 to 1905).

The Education Act 1944 replaced the Board of Education with a new Ministry of Education.

The Department of Education and Science was created in 1964 with the merger of the offices of Minister of Education and the Minister of Science.

In 1992 the responsibility for science was transferred to Cabinet Office's Office of Public Service, and the department was renamed Department of Education. In 1995 the department merged with the Department of Employment to become the Department for Education and Employment (DfEE) and in 2001 the employment functions were transferred to a newly created Department for Work and Pensions, with the DfEE becoming the Department for Education and Skills (DfES). In 2007 under Gordon Brown's new premiership, the DfES was split into two new departments; the Department for Children, Schools and Families, and a Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills, under two new secretaries of state.

The ministerial office of the Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills was, in late 2009, amalgamated into the new ministerial office of the resurgent politician, Peter Mandelson, made a peer and given the title Lord Mandelson as the newly created Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills – itself an amalgamation of the responsibilities of the Secretaries of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform and Innovation, Universities and Skills – the Secretary of State has remit over higher education policy as well as British business and enterprise. As of 14 July 2016, the position is held by Justine Greening as her predesseccesor, Nicky Morgan was sacked by Theresa May.

List

Vice-President of the Committee of the Council on Education

Colour key (for political parties):

President of the Board of Education

Colour key (for political parties):

Minister of Education

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretary of State for Education and Science

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretary of State for Education

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretary of State for Education and Employment

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretary of State for Education and Skills

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretaries of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Innovation, Universities and Skills

In 2007, the education portfolio was divided between the Department for Children, Schools and Families (responsible for infant, primary and secondary education), and the Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills (responsible for further, higher and adult education). In 2009, the latter department was merged into the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.

Colour key (for political parties):

Secretary of State for Education

The Department for Education and the post of Secretary of State for Education were recreated in 2010.

Responsibility for higher and adult education remained with the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills (Vince Cable 2010–2015, Sajid Javid 2015–2016), until reunited with the Department for Education in 2016.

Colour key (for political parties):
Question:
Who is Secretary of State for Education?
Answer:
Nicky Morgan (disambiguation)
Passage:
Windward and leeward
Windward is the direction upwind (toward where the wind is coming from) from the point of reference. Leeward is the direction downwind (or downward) from the point of reference. The side of a ship that is towards the leeward is its lee side. If the vessel is heeling under the pressure of the wind, this will be the "lower side". During the age of sail, the term weather was used as a synonym for windward in some contexts, as in the weather gage.

Pronunciation

The traditional nautical pronunciations are the elided forms  and, but this is regarded as old-fashioned. The literal pronunciations, and, are more common. The pronunciation for the Leeward and Windward Islands and the Leeward Antilles is normally the latter form. 

Origin

The term lee derives from Old English hleo, shelter, and was in use at least as early as 900 AD.

The word aloof is a related term derived from loof, old English for "weather gage" or "windward direction", probably from the Dutch word loef, “the weather side of a ship." Aloof was originally a nautical order to keep the ship's head to the wind, for example to avoid a lee-shore, but it has since taken a figurative meaning of "at a distance, or reserve suggesting consciousness of superiority."  It is still in use in German sailors' language as "LUV." Note also the wind-related words loft in English and luft in modern German.

Meteorological significance

Leeward and windward refer respectively to what a game stalker would call downwind and upwind. The terms are used by seamen in relation to their ships but also in reference to islands in an archipelago and to the different sides of a single island. In the latter case, the windward side is that side of an island subject to the prevailing wind, and is thus the wetter side (see orographic precipitation). The leeward side is the side protected by the elevation of the island from the prevailing wind, and is typically the drier side of an island. Thus, leeward or windward siting is an important weather and climate factor on oceanic islands.

In the case of an archipelago, windward islands are upwind and leeward islands are the downwind ones.

Other significance

In aviation, downwind refers to a portion of an aircraft's landing pattern. The long side parallel to the runway but flown in the opposite direction is called the downwind leg.

On land, downwind is often used to refer to a situation where a point source of air pollution or a scent moves from a point upwind, along the direction of the wind, to the point of the observer.

Downwind has specific connotations in industrial cities in the English North, where less desirable and less expensive housing was often situated to the leeward of steelworks, blast furnaces, mills, or other sources of intense pollution. Hence in some cities it is used as a generic, slang, pejorative and discriminatory term for less wealthy areas or their inhabitants.

Nautical and naval

Windward and leeward directions are important factors (points of sail) to consider when sailing a sailing ship. Other terms with broadly the same meaning are widely used, particularly upwind and downwind, and many variations using the metaphor of height ("come up", "drop down", "we're pointing higher than them", "head below that mark", and so on).

The windward vessel is normally the more maneuverable vessel. For this reason, rule 12 of the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea stipulates that the windward vessel gives way to the leeward vessel. Similarly, a square rigged warship would often try to enter battle from the windward direction (or "hold the weather gauge"), thus gaining an important tactical advantage over the opposing warship – the warship to windward could choose when to engage and when to withdraw. The opposing warship to leeward could often do little but comply without exposing itself unduly.

This was particularly important once artillery was introduced to naval warfare. The ships heeled away from the wind so that the leeward vessel was exposing part of her bottom to shot. If damaged "between wind and water" (i.e., in the exposed section of the hull) she was consequently in danger of sinking when on the other tack, as happened to some ships of the Spanish Armada at the Battle of Gravelines.
Question:
What is the opposite of leeward?
Answer:
Leeward side
Passage:
Gordon MacRae
Gordon MacRae (March 12, 1921 – January 24, 1986)  was an American actor and singer, best known for his appearances in the film versions of two Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals, Oklahoma! (1955) and Carousel (1956), and playing Bill Sherman in On Moonlight Bay (1951) and By The Light of the Silvery Moon (1953).

Early life

Born Albert Gordon MacRae in East Orange in Essex County in northeastern New Jersey, MacRae graduated in 1940 from Deerfield Academy in Deerfield, Massachusetts, and he thereafter served as a navigator in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Prior to this, he attended Nottingham High School in Syracuse, New York.

Career

Winning a contest enabled MacRae to sing at the 1939 New York World's Fair with Harry James' and Les Brown's orchestras.

He made his Broadway debut in 1942, acquiring his first recording contract soon afterwards. Many of his hit recordings were made with Jo Stafford. It was in 1948 that he appeared in his first film, The Big Punch, a drama about boxing. He soon began an on-screen partnership with Doris Day and appeared with her in several films.

In 1950, he starred with Doris Day in "Tea for Two" (a reworking of "No, No, Nanette"), then in 1951, he starred again with Doris Day in On Moonlight Bay, followed by the 1953 sequel By the Light of the Silvery Moon.  That same year, he also starred opposite Kathryn Grayson in the third film version of The Desert Song. This was followed by leading roles in two major films of Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals, Oklahoma! (1955) and Carousel (1956), both films opposite Shirley Jones.

On radio, he was the host and lead actor on The Railroad Hour, a half-hour anthology series made up of condensed versions of hit Broadway musicals.  Many of those programs were recorded later in popular studio cast albums: most of these recordings have been reissued on CDs. 

MacRae appeared frequently on television, on such programs as The Martha Raye Show and The Ford Show, Starring Tennessee Ernie Ford, both on NBC. On Christmas 1958, MacRae and Ford performed the Christmas hymn "O Holy Night".  Earlier in 1958, MacRae guest starred on the short-lived NBC variety series, The Polly Bergen Show.

Thereafter, MacRae appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show, The Dinah Shore Chevy Show,  The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom, and The Bell Telephone Hour. He continued his musical stage career, often performing with his wife, as in a 1964 production of Bells Are Ringing, also performing as Sky Masterson in the popular musical Guys and Dolls, with his wife playing the role of Miss Adeleide, reprising her Broadway role.  In the late 1960s he co-hosted for a week on The Mike Douglas Show. He also toured in summer stock and appeared in nightclubs. In 1967, he replaced Robert Preston in the original Broadway run of the musical I Do! I Do!, starring opposite Carol Lawrence, who had taken over the role from Mary Martin. 

Personal life

He was married to Sheila MacRae from 1941 until 1967;  the couple were the parents of four children: actresses Heather and Meredith MacRae, and sons William Gordon MacRae and Robert Bruce MacRae. Two of the children, Meredith MacRae and Robert Bruce MacRae, predeceased their mother, Sheila.

Gordon MacRae was married, secondly, to Elizabeth Lambert Schrafft on September 25, 1967, and fathered one daughter, Amanda Mercedes MacRae in 1968. They remained married until his death. He was buried at the Wyuka Cemetery in Lincoln, Nebraska.

Filmography

Stage work

* Junior Miss (1942) (Broadway) (replacement for Walter Collins)
* Three to Make Ready (1946) (Broadway)
* Carousel (1955) (Music Hall at Fair Park)
* Annie Get Your Gun (1960) (Kansas City)
* Bells Are Ringing (1961) (Columbus, Ohio)
* Guys and Dolls (1963) (summer stock tour)
* Bells Are Ringing (1964) (summer stock tour)
* Jerome Kern's Theatre (1966) (Avery Fisher Hall)
* Kismet (1966) (Columbus, Ohio)
* Oklahoma! (1967) (summer stock tour)
* I Do! I Do! (1967) (Broadway) (replacement for Robert Preston)
* Golden Rainbow (1969) (summer stock tour)
* Milk and Honey (1972) (Columbus, Ohio)
* Paint Your Wagon (1978) (Columbus, Ohio)

Radio

MacRae replaced Frank Sinatra on a radio program in 1943, but he soon had to leave for military service. In 1946, he was the "singing emcee" of The Teentimers Club, a Saturday morning program on NBC. 

He also appeared in programs as shown in the table below.

Discography

This is Gordon Macrae Capitol Records

Solo

* "Love Is A Many Splendored Thing"
* "Easy To Love"
* "Hair of Gold, Eyes of Blue"
* "It's Magic"
* "Rambling Rose"
* "Love Is The Sweetest Thing"
* "Here's To A Wonderful Christmas"
* "The Merry Christmas Waltz"
* "The Secret"

with Jo Stafford

* "'A' — You're Adorable"
* "Dearie"
* "My Darling, My Darling"
* "Say Something Sweet To Your Sweetheart"
* "Whispering Hope"
* "Echoes"
* "There's a Small Hotel" (Jo Stafford album "Meet Jo Stafford")
* "When I Grow Too Old to Dream" (Jo Stafford album "Meet Jo Stafford")

Singles

In popular culture

* MacRae is mentioned in the song "Oklahoma U.S.A." by The Kinks, as the song's subject daydreams of "riding in the surrey with the fringe on top"  with "Shirley Jones and Gordon MacRae." He is also mentioned in the second episode of The Golden Palace.
* He is Godfather to Shirley Jones and Jack Cassidy's son, Shaun Cassidy.
Question:
"In which 1956, film musical did Gordon MacRae sing about the attributes of ""My Boy Bill""?"
Answer:
Carousels
Passage:
Europa Point
Europa Point (Spanish and Llanito: Punta de Europa or Punta Europa), is the southernmost point of Gibraltar (the Southestmost point of the Iberian Peninsula being Punta de Tarifa 25km southwest of Gibraltar). At the end of the Rock of Gibraltar, the area is flat and occupied by such features as a playing field and a few buildings. On a clear day, views of North Africa can be seen across the Strait of Gibraltar including Ceuta and the Rif Mountains of Morocco; as well as the Bay of Gibraltar and the Spanish towns along its shores. It is accessed from the old town by Europa Road.

There are five notable buildings, Harding's Battery, the Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque, the Roman Catholic Shrine of Our Lady of Europe, the Europa Point Lighthouse and the Nun's Well. Europa Point is also the location of Gibraltar's only dedicated cricket oval  where the Gibraltar national cricket team play and since 2013 Europa Point has been the location of the Sikorski Memorial.

Europa Point is linked with the Eastern side of the Rock, including Sandy Bay and Catalan Bay, via Dudley Ward Tunnel. The tunnel re-opened in 2010 after eight years closure following a fatal rockfall.

The Government of Gibraltar spent £4.4 million on refurbishing Europa Point in 2011 and it was opened by the then Chief Minister of Gibraltar Peter Caruana. In 2013 an original RML 12.5 inch 38 ton gun was mounted on a custom made replica carriage at Hardings's Battery and the memorial to General Wladislaw Sikorski was relocated here from Sir Herbert Miles Road.

Notable buildings 

Harding's Battery

Europa has been the site of Spanish and Moorish fortifications as well as those constructed by the British which added to the cliffs which were part of Gibraltar's natural defences. Additions included walls, the scarping of the rocks to remove foot and handholds and a large number of batteries supported by a local barracks.  Today, Harding's Battery is central to the land at the end of the point. Built in the 19th century, this battery shows the scale of guns that could fire 800 pound projectiles over a foot in diameter over to the other side of the Straits of Gibraltar. The Europa Sunken Magazine that contained this ammunition is now a visitor centre.

Lighthouse 

The Europa Point Lighthouse was built by Governor Sir Alexander Woodford between 1838 and 1841. It was fully automated in February 1994 and its loom can be seen over a distance of 27 km. It is the southernmost lighthouse for which Trinity House is responsible, and the only one outside the UK.

Gibraltarians refer to it as "la farola" when conversing in Llanito.
The Gibraltar Amateur Radio operators transmit from the area of the lighthouse. 

Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque 

The mosque, also known as the King Fahd bin Abdulaziz al-Saud Mosque or the Mosque of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, is a mosque located at Europa Point. The building was a gift from King Fahd of Saudi Arabia and took two years to build at a cost of around £5 million. It was officially inaugurated on 8 August 1997. The mosque complex also contains a school, library, and lecture hall. It is the only purpose-built mosque in Gibraltar to serve the Muslims in the territory who number over 2,000. 

Shrine of Our Lady of Europe 

On 20 August 1462, on St. Bernard of Clairvaux's feastday, the Spaniards under Don Rodrigo Ponce de León, recaptured Gibraltar from the Moors. They found a little mosque at Europa Point and converted it into a Christian shrine in honour of Our Lady as Patroness of Europe, with devout intention of consecrating to God, through Mary, the whole continent, from a place of prayer and worship at its southernmost point.

They built a large chapel at right angles to the mosque's east wall and the whole area became the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe. A statue of the Virgin and Child was installed in this shrine. The statue was quite small, only  in height, carved in wood and polychromed in royal red, blue and gold. The Virgin was seated in a simple chair, with the Child Jesus on her lap. Both were crowned and the Virgin held in her right hand a sceptre with three flowers denoting Love, Truth and Justice. The shrine prospered in fame and popularity, for well over two centuries. Ships passing through the Strait saluted Our Lady as they passed Europa Point and mariners often came ashore with gifts to the shrine. Provisions were made by them for a constant supply of oil so that a light could be kept burning not only in front of the image but also in the tower.

In 1979 Pope John Paul II officially approved the title of Our Lady of Europe as Patroness of Gibraltar, and subsequently, the shrine was restored.

Nun's Well 

Nun's Well is an old underground water store opposite the end of the  Keightley Way Tunnel. The water was used in the nineteenth century to make beer. In 1988 the buildings were repaired in order that it could be used by visitors to Gibraltar. 

Gallery 

File:Gibraltar Levante Cloud 4.jpg|View of Europa Point and the Rock of Gibraltar from the Strait of Gibraltar. Levante Cloud overhead.
File:Gibraltar Europa Point 01.jpg|View of the Rif mountains in Morocco across the Strait of Gibraltar from Europa Point.
File:Europa Point east.jpg|Europa Point toward Mediterranean sea
File:Point lighthouse, Gibraltar.jpg|Europa Point Lighthouse
Question:
Europa Point is the southern tip of which British territory?
Answer:
Gibraltar/History
Passage:
The Matchmaker (1958 film)
The Matchmaker is a 1958 American comedy film directed by Joseph Anthony. The film stars Anthony Perkins, Shirley MacLaine, and Shirley Booth in her final film. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes is based on the 1955 play of the same name by Thornton Wilder. Costumes by Edith Head.

Plot

Set in 1884, the story focuses on Dolly Gallagher Levi, a widow who supports herself by a variety of means, with matchmaking as her primary source of income. Horace Vandergelder, a wealthy but miserly merchant from Yonkers, New York, has hired her to find him a wife, but unbeknownst to him Dolly is determined to fill the position herself. When he expresses his intent to travel to New York City to woo milliner Irene Molloy, Dolly shows him the photograph of a woman she calls Miss Ernestina Simple and tells him the buxom beauty would be a far better choice for him. Horace agrees to have dinner with Ernestina at the Harmonia Gardens after visiting Irene.

Meanwhile, Horace's head clerk Cornelius Hackl convinces his sidekick Barnaby Tucker that they, too, deserve an outing to New York. The two cause cans of tomatoes to explode, spewing their contents about the store, which justifies their closing it for the day and heading to the city.  While there, they come across Irene's hat shop and Cornelius is instantly taken to her. The pair are forced to hide however, when Mr. Vandergelder and Dolly arrive. Though Dolly and Irene cover up for them, Mr. Vandergelder still realizes that Irene is hiding people in her shop (though he doesn't know who) and leaves in disgust. Irene furiously demands that Cornelius and Barnaby repay her by taking her and the shop assistant Minnie out to a fancy restaurant for dinner (Dolly had led her to believe that the men were secretly members of high society).

By total coincidence, Cornelius, Barnaby, Irene, Minnie, Horace, and Dolly all dine at the same restaurant. Horace realizes that Dolly tricked him and that there is no such person as Ernestina Simple. Cornelius worries over how to pay for the meal until a well-meaning diner gives him Mr. Vandergelder's wallet (which the diner believes Cornelius dropped). Over the course of the evening, Irene and Cornelius fall in love as Barnaby falls for Minnie. The two men escape being caught by Mr. Vandergelder by disguising themselves as women and dancing towards the door. Before going, they leave the two women a note confessing who they really are and that they love them.

The next day, Dolly and Cornelius pretend to be setting up a store of their own across the street from Mr. Vandergelders. Frightened by the competition, Horace gives the shopkeepers better working hours and wages. Realizing how foolishly he's been acting, he agrees to marry Dolly as well.

Hello, Dolly!

The Broadway musical Hello Dolly! starring Carol Channing and movie of the same name with Barbra Streisand and Walter Matthau were both based upon Wilder's play.
Question:
In 1958 a film called 'The Matchmaker' was released starring Anthony Perkins and Shirley McLaine. Based on a Thornton Wilder play it was later remade, in 1969, as what musical ?
Answer:
Hello, Dolly!
Passage:
A Fine Romance (song)
"A Fine Romance" is a popular song composed by Jerome Kern with lyrics by Dorothy Fields, published in 1936.

The song was written for the musical film, Swing Time, where it was co-introduced by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Astaire had a major record hit on Brunswick records. However, it was made most famous by Billie Holiday's recording, also done in 1936.

In Hollywood, Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald recorded their version of the song in the summer of 1957.  In 1963, Fitzgerald included a solo rendition on her Verve Records album, Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Jerome Kern Songbook, produced by Norman Granz.

In a version sung by Judi Dench it also became the theme song of A Fine Romance, a British television series starring Dench and her husband Michael Williams.

A recording by Lena Horne features in the film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1993). The song also features in the stage musical Priscilla Queen of the Desert – the Musical.

Notable recordings

* Bing Crosby and Dixie Lee Crosby with Victor Young & His Orchestra (1936)
* Henry King and his Orchestra with vocals by Joe Sudy (1936) 
* Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald – Ella and Louis Again (1957)
* Fred Astaire – The Astaire Story (1953)
* Count Basie and Joe Williams – The Greatest!! Count Basie Plays, Joe Williams Sings Standards (1956)
* Ann Hampton Callaway – To Ella with Love (1996)
* Sammy Davis, Jr. and Carmen McRae – Boy Meets Girl (1957)
* Ella Fitzgerald – Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Jerome Kern Songbook (1963)
* Billie Holiday – 1936 single, The Quintessential Billie Holiday: Vol. II (1987)
* Lena Horne – Lena in Hollywood (1966)
* Stacey Kent – Let Yourself Go: Celebrating Fred Astaire (2000)
* Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé – Cozy (1961)
* Susannah McCorkle – How Do You Keep the Music Playing (1985)
* Sylvia McNair – Sure Thing: The Jerome Kern Songbook (1994)
* Marian McPartland – Lullaby of Birdland (1952)
* Johnny Mercer and Martha Tilton – 1946 single, The Song Is You: Capitol Sings Jerome Kern (1992)
* Marilyn Monroe  – Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend (2006)
* Frank Sinatra – Ring-a-Ding-Ding! (1961)
* Mel Tormé – Mel Tormé Sings Fred Astaire (1956)
* Margaret Whiting – Margaret Whiting Sings the Jerome Kern Songbook (1960)
Question:
Which songwriter penned the classic songs 'A Fine Romance' and 'Smoke gets in your Eyes'?
Answer:
JEROME KERN
Passage:
Guitarist
A guitarist (or a guitar player) is a person who plays the guitar. Guitarists may play a variety of guitar family instruments such as classical guitars, acoustic guitars, electric guitars, and bass guitars. Some guitarists accompany themselves on the guitar by singing or playing the harmonica.

Techniques

The guitarist may employ any of several methods for playing the guitar, depending on the type of strings used (either nylon or steel), and including strumming with the fingers or a guitar pick, melodic flatpicking, and finger-picking.

Art

While music is an art form in itself, playing an instrument such as the guitar has long been a popular subject for painters. One of the more famous examples is the painting Degas's Father Listening to Lorenzo Pagans Playing the Guitar by Edgar Degas, which was painted sometime between 1869–72 and is currently owned by the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. 

Notable guitarists

Despite perceived tendencies in mainstream music diffusion, to Rock music and electric guitar, notable guitarists arrived from other genres and different variations of the guitar instrument.

Rock , Heavy metal and jazz

Several magazines and websites have compiled what they intend as lists of the greatest guitarists—for example The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time by Rolling Stone magazine, or 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time by Guitar World magazine.

;Rolling Stone: In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine published a list called The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. This list included 100 guitarists whom the magazine editor David Fricke considered the best, with a brief introduction for each of them.  The first in this list is the American guitarist Jimi Hendrix introduced by Pete Townshend, guitarist for The Who, who was, in his turn, ranked at #50 in the list.

In describing the list to readers, Paul MacInnes from British newspaper The Guardian wrote, "Surprisingly enough for an American magazine, the top 10 is fair jam-packed with Yanks," though he also noted three exceptions in the top 10.  The online magazine Blogcritics criticized the list for introducing some  allegedly undeserving guitarists while forgetting some artists the writer considered perhaps more worthy, such as Johnny Marr, Phil Keaggy or John Petrucci. 

In 2011, Rolling Stone updated the list, which this time was chosen by a panel of guitarists and other experts with the top 5 consisting of Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, Keith Richards and Jeff Beck. Artists who had not been included in the previous list were added. Rory Gallagher, for example, was ranked in 57th place.   
The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time is mentioned in many biographies about artists who appear in the list.   

;Guitar World: Guitar World, a monthly music magazine devoted to the guitar, also published their list of 100 greatest guitarists in the book Guitar World Presents the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time from the Pages of Guitar World Magazine.  Different from the Rolling Stone list, which listed guitarists in descending order, Guitar World divided guitarists by music genre—such as "Lords of Hard Rock" for hard rock artists or "Jazzmen" for jazz players. Despite the appearance in other magazines like Billboard,  this publication by Guitar World was criticized for including no female musicians within its selection.  However, Guitar World recently published a list of "Eight Amazing Female Acoustic Players," including Kaki King, Muriel Anderson and Sharon Isbin. 

;TIME and others: Following the death of Les Paul, TIME website presented their list of 10 greatest artists in electric guitar. As in Rolling Stone magazine's list, Jimi Hendrix was chosen as the greatest guitarist followed by Slash from Guns 'N' Roses, B.B. King, Keith Richards,  Jimmy Page,and Eric Clapton.  Gigwise.com, an online music magazine, also ranks Jimi Hendrix as the greatest guitarist ever, followed by Jimmy Page, B.B. King, Keith Richards and Kirk Hammett. 

Other genres

There are many classical guitarists listed as notable in their respective epochs.

In recent decades, the most "notable classical and cross genre" guitarist was Paco de Lucía, one of the first flamenco guitarists to have successfully crossed over into other genres of music such as classical and jazz. Richard Chapman and Eric Clapton, authors of Guitar: Music, History, Players, describe de Lucía as a "titanic figure in the world of flamenco guitar",  and Dennis Koster, author of Guitar Atlas, Flamenco, has referred to de Lucía as "one of history's greatest guitarists.".
Question:
"Who was the lead guitarist of the band ""Guns N' Roses"" between 1985 and 1996?"
Answer:
Slash (comics)
Passage:
Secret Fortune
Secret Fortune is a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 12 February 2011 to 29 December 2012. The programme was hosted by Nick Knowles.

Format

A pair of contestants must find the highest sum of money contained in one of 24 numbered envelopes, each containing a randomly assigned sum of money between £100 and £100,000. This is done by correctly answering a series of multiple choice questions.

In the first half of the game, the contestants select four of the envelopes and these are each assigned to one of the four possible answers. In this stage of the game, the computer assigns the envelope containing the highest sum of money to the correct answer. The contestants then eliminate the three answers they believe are wrong. With each elimination, the associated envelope is opened to reveal the sum of money being discarded. The remaining envelope is handed unopened to the contestants to be used in the second half. This continues over six questions until the contestants are left with six.
 
In the second half of the game, the remaining envelopes that the players keep in the first half are assigned to answers, but now the lowest sum of money is assigned to the correct answer and the contestants must identify and eliminate it. One envelope is discarded with each question until the final question becomes a 50/50 choice between two answers. The contestants win the sum of money inside the envelope they do not eliminate.

The twenty-four money amounts are £100, £500, £1,000, £2,000, £3,000, £4,000, £5,000 £6,000, £7,000, £8,000, £9,000, £10,000, £12,000, £14,000, £16,000, £18,000, £20,000, £22,000, £25,000, £30,000, £40,000, £50,000, £75,000, and £100,000.

Transmissions

Ratings

Episode Viewing figures from BARB. 

Series 1 (2011)

Series 2 (2011)

Series 3 (2012)

Reception

Readers of ukgameshows.com named it the best new game show of 2011 in their "Hall of fame" poll. 

Other Versions

* : In 2011, the CBS network commissioned a pilot of Secret Fortune, with Donny Osmond hosting.  The show was produced by Nigel Lythgoe for CBS and Phil Morrow for Wild Rover Productions, the format's owner.  The show has not been picked up for a full series. 
* : In October 2012, the Swiss television channel "SF" started the "Secret Fortune" with the host Roman Kilchsperger. The name of the game show is "Top Secret".
* : Plans for a Swedish version of Secret Fortune are in progress. Casting of contestants have started. Premiere programme is scheduled for August 2013, on Swedish TV4.
Question:
Which 'handyman' has hosted TV quizzes 'Secret Fortune', 'Who Dares Wins' and 'Perfection'?
Answer:
Nick Knowles
Passage:
Heel
The heel is the prominence at the posterior end of the foot. It is based on the projection of one bone, the calcaneus or heel bone, behind the articulation of the bones of the lower leg.

Structure

To distribute the compressive forces exerted on the heel during gait, and especially the stance phase when the heel contacts the ground, the sole of the foot is covered by a layer of subcutaneous connective tissue up to 2 cm thick (under the heel).  This tissue has a system of pressure chambers that both acts as a shock absorber and stabilises the sole.  Each of these chambers contains fibrofatty tissue covered by a layer of tough connective tissue made of collagen fibers.  These septa ("walls") are firmly attached both to the plantar aponeurosis above and the sole's skin below. The sole of the foot is one of the most highly vascularized regions of the body surface, and the dense system of blood vessels further stabilize the septa.
 

The Achilles tendon is the muscle tendon of the triceps surae, a "three-headed" group of muscles—the soleus and the two heads of the gastrocnemius.  The main function of the triceps surae is plantar flexion, i.e. to stretch the foot downward.  It is accompanied by a "fourth head", the slight plantaris muscle, the long slender tendon of which is also attached to the heel bone but not visible.
 

Function

The compressive forces applied to the foot are distributed along five rays, three medial (side of big toe) and two lateral (side of little toe). The lateral rays stretch over the cuboid bone to the heel bone and the medial rays over the three cuneiform bones and the navicular bone to the ankle bone.  Because the ankle bone is placed over the heel bone, these rays are adjacent near the toes but overriding near the heel, and together they form the arches of the foot that are optimized to distributed compressive forces across an uneven terrain. In this context the heel thus forms the posterior point of support that together with the balls of the large and little toes bear the brunt of the loads. 

Other animals

In the long-footed mammals, both the hoofed species (unguligrade) and the clawed forms which walk on the toes (digitigrade), the heel is well above the ground at the apex of the angular joint known as the hock. In plantigrade species it rests on the ground. In birds, the heel is the backward-pointing joint which is often mistaken as the "knee" (the actual knee of birds is hidden under the plumage).
Question:
The heel of the forward foot must contact the ground before the toe of the rear foot leaves it is a rule of which sport?
Answer:
Psycho-analysis of walking
Passage:
Ramses Station
Ramses Railway Station ( Maḥaṭṭat Ramsīs), also called Misr Station ( Maḥaṭṭat Miṣr) is the main railway station of Cairo, Egypt. The name is derived from the Ancient Egyptian pharaoh Ramses II whose statue was erected by Nasser on the square there in 1955.

History

The original railway station was built as the terminal of the first rail link from Alexandria to Cairo in 1856. The current building was erected in 1892 and upgraded in 1955. As of January 2001 it was undergoing a major modernisation. In early 2011, following the Egyptian Uprising, Ramses station was fully upgraded and air conditioned with new marble flooring across the station and the addition of escalators. Some critics believe that the modernisations were too modern and destroyed much of the building's original style. 

Huda Shaarawi, the Egyptian feminist, famously removed her veil here.

Structure

Outside of the station used to be the statue of Ramses II that was relocated to  Memphis, Egypt, 12 mi south of Cairo in the area of Giza on 25 August 2006.

The famous sculpture of Mahmoud Mokhtar, Nahdat Misr (Egypt's Awakening), was originally installed outside the station in 1928, but was removed to its current location near Cairo University in the 1950s.

Facilities in the station include a left luggage office, a post office, ATMs, a pharmacy and a tourist information office. 

Train services

Ramses Station is served by the vast majority of Egyptian National Railways' intercity passenger services.

Connecting services

The railway station has also a connection to Cairo Metro Lines 1 and 2  via the nearby "Al-Shohadaa/Martyrs" Station; Cairo Trams, city buses,  microbuses, and Cairo taxis are also available.

Gallery

File:Cairo Railway station.jpg|Station building
File:Cairo Railways2.JPG|Platforms
File:Cairo Train Station.jpg|Platforms
File:The Main Door-Ramses Station.JPG|Main station's door
Question:
Ramses Station is the main railway station in which capital city?
Answer:
Cairo Hotel
