Passage:
Largest Monkey in The World - Live Animals List
Smallest Monkey In World
Largest Monkey of the World
Mandrill is the largest monkey in the world. It is not only the biggest but also the tallest monkey as well with a shoulder height of over 50 cm. According to its weight measurement, it is also the heaviest monkey in the world with an average weight of over 50 kg. Except being the largest monkey of the world, it is perhaps the most colorful monkey as well. So there are a lots of discretions attached with its name.  Mandrills are found in the tropical rainforests and occasionally woodlands of southern Cameroon, Gabon, Equatorial Guinea, and Congo. They also live in tropical rainforests, gallery forests that are next to savanna and its mosaics.
Mandrill Identification
Mandrill has hairless face, yellow beard, red nostrils and lips. Fur of this monkey is having yellow and black strips and belly's color is white. This colorful look serves as their identification mark. Male monkeys have longer canines than females. As far as their eating habits are concerned, they love to eat fruits and also eat barks, fibers and stems, which show that that they are omnivores. And the animals, which they eat, are spiders, beetles, snails, scorpions etc. Mandrills are social animals and live in large groups, primarily including females and young which are led by a single dominant male.
Question:
Which species of monkey is the world's largest?
Answer:
Mandrill
Passage:
Alien Autopsy (film)
Alien Autopsy is a 2006 British comedy film with elements of science fiction, directed by Jonny Campbell. Written by William Davies, it relates the events surrounding the famous "alien autopsy" film promoted by Ray Santilli and stars Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly, also known as Ant & Dec. The film was a moderate commercial success domestically, making no. 3 on the British box office chart.

Plot

In 1995, Ray Santilli and his friend Gary Shoefield go to America to find Elvis memorabilia to sell on the market stall Ray runs in London. Harvey, a former US Army cameraman, sells them a silent black and white film of Elvis performing live, but later returns with an intriguing offer. Harvey takes Ray to Miami, Florida to see a film from 1947 showing the autopsy of an alien supposedly killed in a UFO crash in Roswell, New Mexico. Harvey wants $30,000 for the film. Gary and Ray return to England to look for an investor to give them the money. 

A Hungarian art dealer, Laszlo Voros, who is obsessed with crop circles, gives Ray the $30,000 after Ray convinces Voros that he is telling the truth. Harvey gets the money and gives the film to Ray and Gary. However, in the interim, the film has "eaten itself" (i.e. degraded from humidity and heat) and is now completely unwatchable, so the duo decide to film their own "remake" of the movie in order to remain on the good side of Voros. Based on Ray's memories of the content of the original, and with the help of some friends, Ray and Gary remake the autopsy film. The film is made using a convincing replica of the dead alien fashioned from a mannequin and meat products from a friend's butcher shop, and filmed on a Bell and Howell spring-wound camera, turning the living room of Gary's sister Doreen's home into a movie set in the process. Once finished, Ray gives a copy of the new film to Voros, who believes it to be real. But when Voros hears that the film is going on air worldwide, he claims that he never gave his permission for Santilli to distribute the film and demands that they stop the international airings. Good fortune intervenes, however, when Voros is knocked down and killed by a green Land Rover (supposedly driven by a CIA agent) whilst standing naked in the middle of a crop circle.

Amber Fuentes, a newswoman, eventually tracks down Harvey, who demands from Ray and Gary that they help him keep his anonymity. They produce an interview with a homeless man (who coincidentally had been an actor 40 years previously) posing as Harvey, making the newswoman believe she is onto the wrong man. The now restored original 1947 film is ultimately returned, which Ray had left in the hands of film restoration experts in the hope that the footage could somehow be recovered. Some sections of the film had been repaired and were now watchable. After viewing the film, Ray and Gary bury it, telling each other that they can't go through with it all over again.

Ten years later in 2005, Ray and Gary retell this event to a documentary maker named Morgan Banner.

Cast

*Declan Donnelly as Ray Santilli
*Anthony McPartlin as Gary Shoefield
*Bill Pullman as Morgan Banner
*Götz Otto as Laszlo Voros
*Morwenna Banks as Jasmine
*Omid Djalili as Melik
*Harry Dean Stanton as Harvey
*Mike Blakeley and Matthew Blakeley as Camera team
*John Shrapnel as Michael Kuhn
*Madeleine Moffatt as Nan
*John Cater as Maurice
*Lee Oakes as Edgar
*Perry Benson as Trading Standards officer
*Jimmy Carr as Gary's manager
*Winston Thomas as Zachary
*Michael Rouse as Young Harvey
*Pam Shaw as Aunty P
*David Threlfall as Jeffrey (Film restorer)
*Andrew Greenough as Preston
*Stephanie Metcalfe as Doreen

*Jonathan Coy as Museum Director
*Ian Porter as Pentagon officer
*Shane Rimmer as Colonel
*Naima Belkhiati as French TV buyer
*Miguel Angel Plaza as Mr Gonzalez
*Jeff Harding as CIA agent
*Kevin Breznahan as Junior TV executive
*Martin McDougall as Middle-ranking TV executive
*Lachele Carl as TV news anchor
*Paul Birchard as Senior TV executive
*Sam Douglas as Network President
*Adriana Yanez as Stewardess (Argentina)
*Nichole Hiltz as Amber Fuentes
*Luis Soto as Peruvian TV host
*Christina Piaget as Interviewer
*Christina Souza as Stewardess (Mexicana)
*Bradley Lavelle as NY host
*Orson Bean as Homeless man
*Sophia Ellis as UFO Enthusiast
*Jonathan Frakes Himself

The film also contains brief appearances by Ray Santilli, Todd Sherry and Gary Shoefield.

Reception

The film received mainly positive reviews earning an 71% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 

Releases

The film was released as a Region 2 DVD by Warner Home Video on 3 July 2006.
In America, the film was released as a Region 1 DVD by Warner Home Video on 21 September 2010.

Soundtrack

* Supergrass - Alright
* Pete Moore - Asteroid
* The Beloved - Sweet Harmony
* Stakka Bo - Here We Go
* The Monkees - I'm a Believer
* Stereo MC's - Step It Up
* Tom Jones - If Only I Knew
* Nouvelle Vague - Just Can't Get Enough
* Son of Dork - We're Not Alone
Question:
Name either of the entertainers who played the roles of two Britons accused of faking a documentary in the film 'Alien Autopsy'?
Answer:
Declan Donnely
Passage:
Verb WEAR in Japanese - Seattle Central
Verb WEAR in Japanese
Verb WEAR in Japanese.
Something you wear above your neck like
 hats,  scarves, caps,  hoods, etc-----------KABURU
                                                          KABURI MASU
Something you wear above waist but including the floor length garment like
Kimono, jackets, coats, sweaters, shirts, T-shirts, pajamas, dresses---KIRU
                                                                                             KI MASU
Something you wear under waist including foot wears like
Zubon, G-pan, Jeans, short pants, skirts, shoes, socks etc----HAKU
                                                                                             HAKI MASU
necklaces, earrings, pierces, ties, belts, watches etc-----SURU
                                                                                    SHI MASU
Except rings and gloves are often--------HAMERU
                                                              HAME MASU
Mary-san wa shiroi doresu wo kiteimasu.
Adjective As Connector
When you use adjectives more than one to describe someone or something,
you transform the adjectives into te-from before the last one.
Example:
Sasaki-san is tall and big.
Sasaki-san wa takakute ooki desu.
My car is convenient and fast.
Watashino kuruma wa benride hayai desu.
Te-form of i-adjectives: i becomes kute like Akai, Akakute
Te-form of na-adjectives: drop na and add de like Himana, Himade
Te-from of te imasu (describe a resultant state): drop imasu add ite
 Exampe: Someone is married. Kekkon shite imasu, Kekkon shite ite
Nouns as desriptions like rich (Kanemochi), lazy(Namakemono),
            hard worker(Hatarakimono), hard worker & never give-up
            type(Ganbariya): just add de like Kanemochi de Namakemono
Example:
Tanaka-san wa Kent ni sunde ite * se ga takakute atamaga yokute shinsetsu desu.
(Tanaka-san lives in Kent and tall and smart and kind.)
* se ga takai = someone is tall
   se ga hikui = someone is short
   But when you describe someone's legs are long then you must say
   ashi ga nagai = someone's legs are long
   ashi ga mijikai = someone's legs are short
Useful words
Urusai ( noisy or annoying ), Shitsukoi ( persistent), Akarui ( sunny, cheerful),
Tanaoshii ( fun, enjoyable), Omoshiroi ( interesting, funny), Kibishii ( strict),
Shiryobukai (discreet ), Occhokochoi ( careless, clumsy ), Yasashii ( nice, kind )
Hito nattsukkoi ( friendly ) Otonashii ( quiet)
Shizukana ( quiet ), Chitekina( intellectual ), Nonkina( easy going ) Nigiyakana
( happily noisy, bustling ), Kireina ( pretty ) Henna( odd, weird ) Benrina (convenient), Gankona( subbon), Genkina( healthy, fine, up-beat) Enerugisshuna
( energetic ), Kuuruna ( cool )
Kekkon shite iru ( being married ), Sunde iru ( living somewhere ), Futtote iru
( being fat ), Yasete iru ( being thin ), Hagete iru ( being bold ), Megane wo kakete
iru ( wearing glasses )
Kanemochi ( rich), Binboo ( poor ), Namakemono ( lazy), yoi Soodanaite( good
mentor), ii Tomodachi ( good friend ), yoi or yoki Rikaisha ( someone who understands you best)
My hair is blak and curly.( Watashi no kami wa kurokute kurikuri shiteimasu.)
My hair is short and light brown.( Watashi no kami wa mijikakute akarui chairo desu.)
My younger sister has a chubby face and round eyes.(Watashi no imooto no kao wa pocchari shite, me ga marui desu.)
My dad has bushy eyebrows and has dark skin.( Chichi wa mojya mojya mayuge de, iro ga kuroi desu.)
My mom has fair skin and slender.( Haha wa iro ga shirokute, hossori shite imasu.)
Question:
Which word means ‘thing to wear’ in Japanese?
Answer:
Kimono
Passage:
Bendorf
Bendorf is a town in the district of Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, on the right bank of the Rhine, approx. 7 km north of Koblenz.

Structure of the town

The town consists of the following districts:
*Bendorf
*Sayn
*Mülhofen
*Stromberg

Economy

From the 18th century Bendorf was dominated by mining and the metallurgical industry. The most imposing relic of this era is the Sayner Hütte (Sayn mine works). The ores of the Bendorfer mine works came from the Trierischer Loh iron-ore mine. The Rhine port of Bendorf dates from 1900. In addition to handling clay and basalt it has the largest oil-storage facilities between Mainz and Cologne.

Today the former industrial city is home to many retail stores.  Bendorf Focus is an association of traders, the aim of which is to improve the local economy.

The Bendorf Vierwindenhöhe FM radio transmitter is situated on the hill known as Vierwindenhöhe.

In Literature

Heinrich Böll's short story Wanderer, kommst du nach Spa... is set in Bendorf.
Question:
In which country is the Bendorf bridge?
Answer:
United States of Germany
Passage:
George Cowling
George Cowling (2 March 1920 – 24 December 2009) was the BBC's first television weatherman. Cowling joined the Met Office in 1939 and worked as a forecaster for the RAF before joining the BBC in 1954. On 11 January 1954, he gave the first televised weather broadcast. He continued to present televised weather broadcasts for the BBC until 1957 when he rejoined the RAF. He later worked at the Met Office College and at Heathrow Airport before retiring from the Met Office in 1981.

First weatherman

Cowling joined the Met Office in 1939, at the start of World War II, stationed as a meteorological assistant with No. 4 Bomber Group RAF in Yorkshire, and worked as a forecaster for the RAF, working in Britain, Normandy, Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany until 1953. In 1954 he was transferred to the London Weather Centre. On 11 January 1954, at the age of 33, George Cowling gave the first televised weather forecast, from the BBC's Lime Grove Studios, at 7.55pm. The forecast was live and 'in vision', with Cowling standing in front of the weather map, using a pencil and rubber to show the weather for the next day. He informed the viewing public that "tomorrow would be rather windy, a good day to hang out the washing". 

The first ever dedicated weather presentation, featuring Cowling, was given five minutes, rather than the previous few seconds, and the bulletin was described in the Radio Times:

"From Monday onwards the television weather report and forecast will be presented by a Meteorological Office forecaster who will explain and comment on the charts shown. The change is designed to stress the continuity of the reports provided; the forecaster will show, for example, how the weather expected tomorrow is conditioned by the weather experienced today." 

Career

Cowling continued to present the weather bulletins for the BBC until 1957, alongside Tom Clifton. In February 1957, he joined RAF Bomber Command. He operated in Singapore, Malta, Bahrain and Germany, before leaving the RAF to work as a senior instructor at the Met Office College, and then as principal forecaster at Heathrow Airport.

Retirement

In 1981, Cowling retired from the Met Office, and worked for five years for a marine engineering firm, as a meteorology consultant before retiring. His hobbies included golf – he was a member of Burnham Beeches Golf Club, as were his former fellow BBC weathermen, the late Jack Scott and Bert Foord. He died on Christmas Eve 2009 after a short stay in hospital.
Question:
George Cowling, was BBC Television’s first what? He made his debut on 11 January 1954?
Answer:
Weather Man
Passage:
Weber (unit)
In physics, the weberIn America also. (symbol: Wb) is the SI unit of magnetic flux. A flux density of one Wb/m2 (one weber per square metre) is one tesla.

The weber is named after the German physicist Wilhelm Eduard Weber (1804–1891).

Definition 

The weber may be defined in terms of Faraday's law, which relates a changing magnetic flux through a loop to the electric field around the loop. A change in flux of one weber per second will induce an electromotive force of one volt (produce an electric potential difference of one volt across two open-circuited terminals).

Officially,
Weber (unit of magnetic flux) — The weber is the magnetic flux that, linking a circuit of one turn, would produce in it an electromotive force of 1 volt if it were reduced to zero at a uniform rate in 1 second. 
The weber is commonly expressed in a multitude of other units:

\mathrm{Wb} 
=\dfrac{\mathrm{kg} \cdot \mathrm{m}^2}{\mathrm{s}^2 \cdot \mathrm{A}}
=\mathrm{V} \cdot \mathrm{s} 
=\mathrm{H} \cdot \mathrm{A} 
=\mathrm{T} \cdot \mathrm{m}^2 
=\dfrac{\mathrm{J}}{\mathrm{A}}
=10^8\mathrm{Mx}

where
Wb = weber,
V = volt,
T = tesla,
J = joule,
m = meter,
s = second,
A = ampere,
H = henry,
Mx = maxwell.

History 

In 1861, the British Association for the Advancement of Science (known as "The BA" ) established a committee under William Thomson (later Lord Kelvin) to study electrical units.
 In a February 1902 manuscript, with handwritten notes of Oliver Heaviside, Giovanni Giorgi proposed a set of rational units of electromagnetism including the weber, noting that "the product of the volt into the second has been called the weber by the B. A."   

The International Electrotechnical Commission began work on terminology in 1909 and established Technical Committee 1 in 1911, its oldest established committee, "to sanction the terms and definitions used in the different electrotechnical fields and to determine the equivalence of the terms used in the different languages."
 

It was not until 1927 that TC1 dealt with the study of various outstanding problems concerning electrical and magnetic quantities and units. Discussions of a theoretical nature were opened at which eminent electrical engineers and physicists considered whether magnetic field strength and magnetic flux density were in fact quantities of the same nature. As disagreement continued, the IEC decided on an effort to remedy the situation. It instructed a task force to study the question in readiness for the next meeting.

In 1930, TC1 decided that the magnetic field strength (H) is of a different nature from the magnetic flux density (B), and took up the question of naming the units for these fields and related quantities, among them the integral of magnetic flux density.

In 1935, TC 1 recommended names for several electrical units, including the weber for the practical unit of magnetic flux (and the maxwell for the CGS unit).

This page incorrectly states that the units were established in 1930, since that year, TC 1 decided "that the question of names to be allocated to magnetic units should not be considered until general agreement had been reached on their definitions" [http://www.iec.ch/zone/si/si_role.htm]

It was decided to extend the existing series of practical units into a complete comprehensive system of physical units, the recommendation being adopted in 1935 "that the system with four fundamental units proposed by Professor Giorgi be adopted subject to the fourth fundamental unit being eventually selected".  This system was given the designation of "Giorgi system". 

Also in 1935, TC1 passed responsibility for "electric and magnetic magnitudes and units" to the new TC24.  This "led eventually to the universal adoption of the Giorgi system, which unified electromagnetic units with the MKS dimensional system of units, the whole now known simply as the SI system (Système International d’unités)." 

In 1938, TC24 "recommended as a connecting link [from mechanical to electrical units] the permeability of free space with the value of µ0 4π H/m. This group also recognized that any one of the practical units already in use (ohm, ampere, volt, henry, farad, coulomb, and weber), could equally serve as the fourth fundamental unit. "After consultation, the ampere was adopted as the fourth unit of the Giorgi system in Paris in 1950."

Notes and references
Question:
The Weber and Tesla (standard international) measurement units apply to?
Answer:
Magnetically
Passage:
Kon-Tiki (song)
"Kon-Tiki" is an instrumental tune by The Shadows. It became a No. 1 hit in the UK Singles Chart in October 1961.  It was the fifth Shadows hit and their second to reach the top of the UK chart.

Personnel

*Hank Marvin - lead guitar
*Bruce Welch - rhythm guitar
*Jet Harris - bass
*Tony Meehan - drums

Meehan was replaced by Brian Bennett in the Shadows line-up whilst this single was still at No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart.
Question:
Kon Tiki was a number 1 hit for which British group in 1961?
Answer:
The Drifters (now The Shadows)
Passage:
Battement
In ballet, battement is an alternating side-to-side movement of the working (non-supporting) leg. Battements are typically performed in multiples, quickly and in rapid succession so that the working foot appears to be fluttering or vibrating. They are usually executed in front (en avant or à la quatrieme devant), to the side (à la seconde) or in back (en arrière or à la quatrieme derrière). The word battement is of French origin, meaning "beat".

Variations

Battement is employed in a variety of ballet movements. For example:

* battement développé is usually a slow battement in which the leg is first lifted to retiré position, then fully extended (or "unfolded") passing through attitude position.
*battement fondu is a battement (usually slower) from fondu (both knees bent, working foot on the cou-de-pied of the supporting leg) position and extends until both legs are straight. Upon completion, the working leg may be à terre or en l'air (touching the floor or raised).
* battement frappé is a battement in which the foot moves from a flexed or 'cou-de-pied' position next to the ankle of the supporting leg, and extends out to a straight position quickly and forcefully, and by doing so hitting the floor (the so-called frappé). In the Russian school the foot is wrapped around the ankle, rather than flexed and does not strike the floor. In this case, the frappé comprises the working foot striking the ankle of the supporting leg. Battements frappés can be executed double, with beats alternating front and back of the standing leg's ankle before striking out.
* battement glissé (French school), also known as battement dégagé (Italian School) or battement jeté (Russian school), is a rapid battement normally executed a few centimeters above the floor (literally a "gliding" battement).
* battement lent is a slow battement, normally taken as high as possible, which involves considerable control and strength. Both legs remain straight for the whole duration of the movement.

* battement tendu is a battement where the extended foot never leaves the floor. The working foot slides forward or sideways or backwards from the fifth or first position to reach the fourth or second position, lifting the heel off the floor and stretching the instep. It forms the preparation for many other positions, such as the ronds de jambe and pirouette positions.
* battement tendu jeté (Russian school), also known as battement dégagé (Cecchetti) or battement glissé (French school),  is executed a few centimeters above the floor with legs oriented at angles up to 45 degrees.
* grand battement is a powerful battement action in which the dancer passes through dégagé and "throws" the working leg as high as possible, with both legs held straight.
* grand battement en cloche is a grand battement that alternates forwards and backwards, passing through the first position of the feet (literally: large battement with pendulum movement).
* petit battement is a battement in which the knee angle changes while the upper leg and thigh remain still. The working foot quickly alternates from the cou-de-pied position in the front to the cou-de-pied position in the back, slightly opening to the side.
Question:
Battement tendu, Grand écart, Entrechat, Hortensia, and Sissonne are terms in what art form?
Answer:
Ballet
Passage:
President of the Confederate States of America
The President of the Confederate States of America was the elected head of state and government of the Confederate States. The president also headed the executive branch of government and was commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy, and of the militia of the several states when called into Confederate service. 

Article II of the Confederate States Constitution vested the executive power of the Confederacy in the president. The power included the execution of law, alongside the responsibility of appointing executive, diplomatic, regulatory and judicial officers, and concluding treaties with foreign powers with the advice and consent of the senate. He was further empowered to grant reprieves and pardons, and convene and adjourn either or both houses of congress under extraordinary circumstances.

The president was indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a six-year term, and was one of only two nationally elected Confederate officers, the other being the Vice President of the Confederate States. On February 18, 1861, Jefferson Davis became president of the provisional government. On February 22, 1862, he was elected president of the permanent government and served in that capacity until being captured by elements of the United States Cavalry in 1865. 

Powers and duties

The constitutional powers of the President of the Confederate States of America were quite similar to those of the President of the United States of America. The permanent Confederate States Constitution made him commander-in-chief of the Army and Navy, and of the militia of the several states when called into service of the Confederate States. He was also empowered to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the Confederate States. He was authorized to make treaties; to nominate and appoint diplomatic representatives, judges, and other officers of the Confederate States (including the heads of the executive departments) by and with the consent of the Confederate States Senate; and to remove such representatives and officers. He could fill vacancies during a recess of the Senate, but he could not reappoint, during a recess, persons previously rejected by it. He was to supply Congress with information, recommend legislation, receive ambassadors and other public ministers, see that the federal laws were faithfully executed, and commission all officers of the military and naval forces of the Confederate States.

Election and oath

On February 9, 1861, the provisional congress at Montgomery elected Jefferson Davis president and Alexander H. Stephens vice president. Stephens, who was a delegate to Congress from Georgia, was inaugurated on February 11. Davis was inaugurated on February 18 upon his arrival from Mississippi, where he had gone upon his resignation from the U.S. Senate. Davis and Stephens were elected on November 6, 1861, for six-years terms, as provided by the permanent constitution. The Capital had been moved in June 1861, to Richmond, and the inauguration took place at the statue of Washington, on the public square, on February 22, 1862.

Before Davis entered on the execution of his office as President of the Confederate States, he was constitutionally required to take the following oath or affirmation:

Compensation

In 1861, the President of the Confederate States earned a $25,000 annual salary, along with an expense account, and a nontaxable travel account.  The President's Office was located on the second floor of the Custom House on Main Street, a structure which also housed the Cabinet Room and the State and Treasury Department. The City of Richmond purchased the Brockenbrough house for presentation to the Confederate government for use as an executive mansion. Davis declined to accept the gift, but the mansion was leased for his use. Referred to as the "White House of the Confederacy" or the "Grey House," the mansion was used by President Davis throughout the existence of his presidency. Later it became a repository for documents, relics, and pictures, and in 1896 it was redesignated the Confederate Museum.

Post-presidency

Late on the evening of April 2, 1865, President Davis, his aides, and members of the Cabinet, except Secretary of War Breckinridge, departed from Richmond on the Richmond and Danville Railroad. The Cabinet stayed at Danville, 140 mi miles southwest of Richmond, until April 10, when, hearing of Lee's surrender, it continued farther south. At Greensboro, North Carolina, on April 12 the Cabinet met with Generals Johnston and Beauregard and discussed surrender of Johnston's army to General Sherman. As the railroad south of Greensboro had been destroyed, the flight from that location was on horseback and in ambulances, wagons, and carriages. The last Cabinet meetings took place at Charlotte, on April 24, and 26, and on May 4; when Davis left Washington, Georgia, the party consisted only of his aides and Postmaster General Reagan. Elements of the United States Cavalry captured Davis and his companions at an encampment near Irwinville, May 10, 1865.

Jefferson Davis was imprisoned at Fort Monroe, Virginia, until his release on bail on May 13, 1867. During his confinement the United States Government prepared to bring him to trial for treason and for complicity in the assassination of United States President Abraham Lincoln. He could not be tried in Virginia until the Federal court was reestablished there, but by the time the circuit judges were prepared in May 1867 the United States Government decided the outcome of a trial before a local jury was far too uncertain and dropped the proceedings. In November 1868 Davis was brought to trial under a new indictment, but the judges disagreed and the case was referred to the Supreme Court. President Johnson issued a general amnesty in December 1868, and the Supreme Court entered a nolle prosequi, thus freeing Davis.
Question:
Who was the only President of the Confederate States of the USA?
Answer:
Jefferson Davies
Passage:
20 Awesome Things You Didn't Know About Disney's 'Frozen'!
20 Awesome Things You Didn't Know About Disney's 'Frozen' | YourTango
20 Awesome Things You Didn't Know About Disney's 'Frozen'!
71.4K
If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you!
You think you know, but you have NO IDEA.
Yes, Frozen came out back in November and we are still talking about it, because it's become one of our favorite movies ever ! Breaking the box office record of the sixth highest-grossing movie of all time is just one of this Disney giant's many accolades.
"Let It Go" remains on repeat during our morning commute and we're still pretty upset that talking snowmen don't actually exist. After breaking all kinds of movie and song records, Frozen the musical is up next!
Before Anna and Elsa hit Broadway, here are 20 things you don't know about this Academy Award-winning movie:
 
They modeled the reindeer, Sven, after Executive Producer John Lasseter's dog, Frankie! They actually brought in a real reindeer, but he just stood there and didn't move.
Photo: Panda Whale
The crew got to tour Norway as "research" when they were designing the kingdom of Arrendelle. Coolest job ever.
Photo: The Gloss
Rapunzel and Flynn Rider from Tangled make a surprise appearance in Frozen! When they open the city gates for Elsa's coronation, you can see the couple's backs toward the camera.
Photo: Reaction Gifs
However, there are more Disney theories within the movie. Fans believe that when Elsa and Anna's parents left the kingdom, they were en route to Germany for Rapunzel's homecoming when their ship sank near Denmark. The second part of the theory is that the boat the parents were on is actually the sunken ship in The Little Mermaid. Where does The Little Mermaid take place? Denmark, of course. Disney can be so clever with their inter-weaving storylines.
Photo: Wordpress
Queen Elsa was originally supposed to be a villain. Thankfully they changed the story to make her misunderstood. The movie just wouldn't have been the same.
Photo: Tumblr
They approached Idina Menzel to play Elsa after hearing her audition tape for Rapunzel in Tangled.
Photo: Tumblr
Director Chris Buck has worked on animation for other Disney classics including The Little Mermaid, Pocahontas, Oliver & Company, and The Rescuers Down Under.
Photo: Tumblr
The animators of the film will watch the voice actors perform their lines in the booth and study the faces they make while they act it out.
Photo: Google
The co-director and writer of Frozen, Jennifer Lee, also wrote the screenplay for Wreck-It Ralph.
Photo: Tumblr
Did you notice there is a Mickey Mouse stuffed animal on one of the shelves at Wandering Oaken's Trading Post?
Photo: Tumblr
Elsa is the only Disney princess who isn't a teenager. Jennifer Lee said that she's 21. Anna is 18.
Photo: Tumblr
Josh Gad improvised most of Olaf's lines to make the producers laugh.
Photo: Giphy
During the end credits there is a disclaimer about boogers! "The views and opinions expressed by Kristoff in he film that all men eat their own boogers are solely his own and do not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of the Walt Disney Company or the filmmakers. Neither The Walt Disney Company nor the filmmakers make any representation of the accuracy any such views and opinions."
Photo: Tumblr
Frozen was the first full-length Disney (non-Pixar) movie to win the Golden Globe for Best Animated Feature.
Photo: Wordpress
Frozen is the highest-grossing animated film in history beating out Toy Story 3. It has made over $1.07 billion and is still raking in the cash!
Photo: Tumblr
Jennifer Lee is the first female to direct a full-length Disney animated feature film. She is also the second woman ever to solely write the screenplay for a Disney film since Linda Woolverton wrote Beauty and The Beast in 1991.
Photo: GifSoup
The movie is based off of a Hans Christian Anderson story titled The Snow Queen, which was also the original title of the hit film before they changed it to Frozen.
Photo: Tumblr
Kristen Bell admitted that it had been a dream of hers to voice a Disney princess. She grew up watching The Little Mermaid and used to record herself singing all the songs. Like Menzel, Bell also auditioned to play Rapunzel in Tangled.
Photo: Tumblr
Anna is the only Disney princess to share a duet with the villain character.
Photo: Panda Whale
The composer of the film, Christophe Beck, composed a bunch of movies you love including Bring it On, Just Married, Hot Tub Time Machine, Date Night, The Hangover Part 2, Crazy, Stupid, Love and lots more.
Photo: Photobucket
Question:
The highly successful 2014 film “Frozen” is based on a story by which author?
Answer:
Jeg er en Skandinav
Passage:
Cocktail
When used to refer to any generic alcoholic mixed drink, cocktail may mean any beverage that contains three or more ingredients if at least one of those ingredients is alcohol.

Usage and related terms

When a mixed drink contains only a distilled spirit and a mixer, such as soda  or fruit juice, it is a highball; many of the International Bartenders Association Official Cocktails are highballs.  When a cocktail contains only a distilled spirit and a liqueur, it is a duo and when it adds a mixer, it is a trio. Additional ingredients may be sugar, honey, milk, cream, and  various herbs. 

Etymology

The origin of the word cocktail is disputed.

The first recorded use of cocktail not referring to a horse is found in The Morning Post and Gazetteer in London, England, March 20, 1798: 

Mr. Pitt,
two petit vers of “L’huile de Venus”
Ditto, one of “perfeit amour”
Ditto, “cock-tail” (vulgarly called ginger)

The Oxford English Dictionary cites the word as originating in the U.S. The first recorded use of cocktail as a beverage (possibly non-alcoholic) in the United States appears in The Farmer's Cabinet, April 28, 1803: 

The first definition of cocktail known to be an alcoholic beverage appeared in The Balance and Columbian Repository (Hudson, New York) May 13, 1806; editor Harry Croswell answered the question, "What is a cocktail?":

Anatoly Liberman endorses as "highly probable" the theory advanced by  Låftman (1946), which Liberman summarizes as follows: 

Several authors have theorized that cocktail may be a corruption of cock ale.   

In his Imbibe! (2007) David Wondrich also speculates that cocktail is a reference a practice for perking up an old horse by means of a ginger suppository so that the animal would "cock its tail up and be frisky." 

Development

There is a lack of clarity on the origins of cocktails.  Traditionally cocktails were a mixture of spirits, sugar, water, and bitters.  But by the 1860s, a cocktail frequently included a liqueur.  

The first publication of a bartenders' guide which included cocktail recipes was in 1862 — How to Mix Drinks; or, The Bon Vivant's Companion, by "Professor" Jerry Thomas. In addition to recipes for punches, sours, slings, cobblers, shrubs, toddies, flips, and a variety of other mixed drinks were 10 recipes for "cocktails". A key ingredient differentiating cocktails from other drinks in this compendium was the use of bitters. Mixed drinks popular today that conform to this original meaning of "cocktail" include the Old Fashioned whiskey cocktail, the Sazerac cocktail, and the Manhattan cocktail.  

The ingredients listed (spirits, sugar, water, and bitters) match the ingredients of an Old Fashioned,  which originated as a term used by late 19th century bar patrons to distinguish cocktails made the  “old-fashioned” way from newer, more complex cocktails. 

The term highball appears during the 1890s to distinguish a drink composed only of a distilled spirit and a mixer. 

The first "cocktail party" ever thrown was allegedly by Mrs. Julius S. Walsh Jr. of St. Louis, Missouri, in May 1917. Mrs. Walsh invited 50 guests to her home at noon on a Sunday. The party lasted an hour, until lunch was served at 1 pm. The site of this first cocktail party still stands. In 1924, the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Louis bought the Walsh mansion at 4510 Lindell Boulevard, and it has served as the local archbishop's residence ever since. 

During Prohibition in the United States (1919–1933), when alcoholic beverages were illegal, cocktails were still consumed illegally in establishments known as speakeasies. The quality of liquor available during Prohibition was much worse than previously.
 There was a shift from whiskey to gin, which does not require aging and is therefore easier to produce illicitly.   Honey, fruit juices, and other flavorings served to mask the foul taste of the inferior liquors. Sweet cocktails were easier to drink quickly, an important consideration when the establishment might be raided at any moment.

Cocktails became less popular in the late 1960s and through the 1970s, until resurging in the 1980s with vodka often substituting the original gin in drinks such as the martini. Traditional cocktails began to make a comeback in the 2000s,  and by the mid-2000s there was a renaissance of cocktail culture in a style typically referred to as mixology that draws on traditional cocktails for inspiration but utilizes novel ingredients and often complex flavors.
Question:
Which cocktail is made by muddling sugar with bitters, adding whisky or brandy and a twist of citrus rind?
Answer:
Old Fashioned
Passage:
More MP expenses revealed - Manchester Evening News
More MP expenses revealed - Manchester Evening News
News
More MP expenses revealed
FURTHER details of what south Manchester MPs have been claiming on expenses has emerged, with tax payers' money being spent on everything from ironing boards and tea strainers to carpet underlay. Gerald Kaufman, MP for Longsight and Levenshulme even tried to claim nearly £1,000 for just one chair.
 Share
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
FURTHER details of what south Manchester MPs have been claiming on expenses has emerged, with tax payers' money being spent on everything from ironing boards and tea strainers to carpet underlay.
Gerald Kaufman, MP for Longsight and Levenshulme even tried to claim nearly £1,000 for just one chair.
His claim for a £935 Orion chair and stool combination from swanky Macclesfield furniture store Arighi Bianchi was rejected by Parliament's fees officer, with the note 'liaise with MP' scrawled across it.
Mr Kaufman was also told he couldn't claim £1,262 against his gas bill - because his account with British Gas was already £1,055 in credit.
His other claims included £1.50 for a tea strainer.
He declined to comment on the story when contacted by the Reporter.
John Leech was sent a council tax reminder in May last year telling him to pay £77.81 immediately.
The MP for Withington also claimed a £21.82 electric bill in July last year that had become overdue.
Other receipts submitted by the MPs included £632 for a carpet - plus £202 for sponge underlay.
However he announced last Friday that he had been sent a letter from Sir Thomas Legg, the civil servant carrying out the enquiry into MPs' expenses, giving him the all clear.
The letter stated there were 'no issues Sir Legg had to be concerned with', meaning Mr Leech's claims are seen as reasonable.
Mr Leech said: "I have been happy to cooperate with Sir Thomas and give him all the information he asked for. I am glad he has confirmed that there are no issues he is concerned about."
"I have always said that it is important that when spending public money there are the right checks and balances. I have already released my expenses on-line, and have also put Sir Thomas's letter on-line too."
A £15 water filter purifier was claimed on expenses by Wythenshawe and Sale East MP Paul Goggins who represents Northenden.
He bought it on a shopping trip to home and garden specialists Robert Dyas, in central London, where he also bought a £30 ironing board.
He also claimed £56.90 for dry cleaning.
It was also revealed this year that Mr Goggins let a friend live at his taxpayer-funded second home in south-east London rent-free. The MP claimed almost £45,000 for the home and did not tell the Commons fees office that he shared it.
Mr Goggins also declined to comment on his expenses claims.
Tony Lloyd, who represents Whalley Range, claimed a total of £18,544 in additional cost allowance last year.
The vast majority of the Manchester Central MP's claims were to cover rental payments on his second home. Documents released yesterday showed no unusual claims among his receipts.
He said: "It is right and proper that people can see MPs' expenses."
All MPs allowance claims are now available for public inspection on the www.parliament.uk website.
Like us on Facebook
Most Read
Most Recent
Most Read
Most Recent
Question:
Which QC chaired an enquiry into MPs expenses in 2009?
Answer:
SIR THOMAS LEGG
Passage:
Dendrology
Dendrology (, dendron, "tree"; and , -logia, science of or study of) or xylology (, ksulon, "wood") is the science and study of wooded plants (trees, shrubs, and lianas), specifically, their taxonomic classifications. There is no sharp boundary between plant taxonomy and dendrology; however, woody plants not only belong to many different plant families, but these families may be made up of both woody and non-woody members. Some families include only a few woody species. Dendrology, as a discipline of industrial forestry, tends to focus on identification of economically useful woody plants and their taxonomic interrelationships.  As an academic course of study, Dendrology will include all woody plants, native and non-native, that occur in a region.  A related discipline is the study of Sylvics, which focuses on the autecology of genera and species.

Relationship with botany 

Dendrology is often confused with botany. However, botany is the study of all types of general plants, while dendrology studies only woody plants. Dendrology may be considered a subcategory of botany that specializes in the characterization and identification of woody plants.

Noted dendrologists

*Mike Baillie, Queen's University of Belfast
*Ludwig Beissner
*Francis A. Bartlett, founder of Bartlett Arboretum and Gardens and the [http://www.bartlett.com/bartlett-tree-research-laboratories.cfm?a Bartlett Tree Research Laboratory]
*William Douglas Cook, founder of Eastwoodhill Arboretum and Pukeiti (New Zealand)
*Michael Dirr
*Alan Mitchell
*Maciej Giertych
*Humphry Marshall
Question:
In nature, what does a dendrologist study?
Answer:
Sapling
Passage:
Kippers: the fish that fell out of fashion - Telegraph
Kippers: the fish that fell out of fashion - Telegraph
Kippers: the fish that fell out of fashion
Our changing attitude to breakfast isn't the only reason kippers are in    decline.
Kippers: the fish that fell out of fashion Photo: RUTHLEWISILLUSTRATIONS.COM
Comments
When was the last time you tasted kipper pâté? A smooth amalgam of butter, kipper and lemon, it was once a familiar first course. 'Start with kippers,' advised a 1968 cookery article by the late Katie Stewart, who recommended serving cold pâté with hot toast and a sprinkling of parsley.
We don't see kipper pâté anymore; smoked-fish starters now tend to be salmon or mackerel. On paper, kippers – butterflied, salted, smoked herrings – should be more popular than they are: they're flavoursome, packed with omega-3 fish oil and very cheap. Even top-notch Craster kippers from Northumberland are just £6.99 a kilo from Waitrose (against £10 or more for smoked mackerel). Yet these days it seems we prefer our oily smoked fish to be mackerel: smoked mackerel is eaten on about 27 million occasions a year, according to The Grocer.
The rise of mackerel and fall of kippers in modern Britain is an interesting example of how tastes change. Earlier generations were wary of fresh mackerel, fearing that by the time it reached a shop the oil in the fish would be rancid. Smoked mackerel was likewise regarded with caution. In 1973 Jane Grigson confessed that she disliked it 'intensely' because 'the texture is unpleasingly soft, the taste too smoky-brown'.
So how did smoked mackerel gain acceptance at the kipper's expense? Like all shifts in taste, this was down to wider forces. For one, the kipper was hurt by the 1970s crisis in the North Sea herring trade, when strict quotas were introduced to tackle overfishing.
The kipper is also a casualty of our growing reluctance to cook. Because the kipper is cold-smoked – and therefore essentially raw – it needs heat (unless you wish to eat kipper ceviche). It's not demanding to put a kipper under a grill with a pat of butter or – my preferred method – to poach it briefly with water from a boiling kettle, but it's a stage too far for some. The great convenience of hot-smoked mackerel is that it can be eaten straight from the pack.
Related Articles
Question:
What fish is used to make a kipper?
Answer:
(smoked) Herring
Passage:
Common starfish
The common starfish or common sea star (Asterias rubens) is the most common and familiar starfish in the north-east Atlantic. It has five arms and usually grows to between 10–30 cm across, although larger specimens (up to 52 cm across) are known. The common starfish is usually orange or brown, and sometimes violet; deep-water specimens are pale. The common starfish is to be found on rocky and gravelly substrates where it feeds on molluscs and other benthic invertebrates.

Description

The common starfish normally has five arms, broad at their base and gradually tapering to a point at their tips, which are often turned up slightly. There is a line of short white spines running along the centre of the aboral (upper) surface of the arms with low, soft mounds called papulae on either side. The oral (lower) surfaces of the arms have rows of small tube feet, used in locomotion and feeding. The starfish is usually orange or brick red on the aboral surface and paler on the oral surface but can also be purple or pale brown. Individuals from deep water are usually paler. It grows to a maximum diameter of about 52 cm but a more normal size is 10 to. 

Distribution

The common starfish is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and its range extends from Norway and Sweden, through the North Sea, round the coasts of Britain, France, Spain and Portugal and southwards along the coasts of Africa to Senegal. It is largely absent from the Mediterranean Sea. It is also known from the western Atlantic where it occurs between Labrador and Florida and the Gulf of Mexico. It is capable of surviving in brackish water.

Biology

The common starfish feeds on a variety of benthic organisms. These include bivalve molluscs, polychaete worms, barnacles, gastropod molluscs, other echinoderms and carrion. When feeding on a mollusc such as a mussel, it attaches its tube feet to each shell valve and exerts force to separate them slightly. Even a gap of only 1 mm is sufficient for the starfish to insert a fold of its stomach, secrete enzymes and start digesting the mollusc body. When the contents is sufficiently liquid, it brings its stomach back to its rightful position with the food inside. The common starfish has a well-developed sense of smell and can detect the odour of prey species such as the common mussel (Mytilus edulis) and crawl towards it. It can also detect the odour of the predatory common sunstar (Crossaster papposus), which eats other starfish, and take evasive action.

The common starfish is dioecious, which means that each individual is either male or female. In the spring, the females release their eggs into the sea. A moderate sized starfish is estimated to be able to produce 2.5 million eggs. The males shed their sperm and fertilisation takes place in the water column. The larvae are planktonic and drift for about 87 days before settling on the seabed and undergoing metamorphosis into juveniles. Common starfish are believed to live for about seven to eight years.  When well fed, the juveniles can increase their radius at the rate of slightly more than 10 mm per month during the summer and autumn and slightly less than 5 mm per month in the winter. An adult common starfish can survive starvation for several months although it loses weight in the process. One specimen shrank from a radius of 6 cm to a radius of  after starvation for five months. 

The ciliate protozoan Orchitophrya stellarum is sometimes a parasite of the common starfish.
It normally lives on the outer surface of the starfish feeding on sloughed-off epidermal tissue. It appears to become parasitic when the host starfish has ripe gonads and is a male. It enters the starfish through the gonopores, the orifices where gametes are released. There may be a pheromone that alerts it to the fact that the testes are ripe and causes it to change its behaviour. As different species of starfish breed at different times of year, Orchitophrya stellarum may move from one species to another in accordance with their reproductive cycles. In the Atlantic Ocean, it may alternate between parasitising Asterias forbesi and Asterias rubens during the spring and summer and the winter host may be Leptasterias spp.. The ciliate has been found in the testes of all these species. When inside the gonad, it phagocytoses the sperm thus rendering the starfish infertile. Researchers have found a change in the sex ratios of affected populations with fewer males than females being present with the males being consistently smaller than the females.  

The common starfish produces a saponin-like substance designed to repel predators, which causes a reaction in the common whelk (Buccinum undatum), a common prey species. At dilute concentrations it caused the whelk to take evasive action and at higher concentrations it produced a series of convulsions. 

Mass strandings

In January 2013, large numbers of common starfish were washed up near Cleethorpes Pier on the east coast of England along with many razor shells. There were estimated to be four thousand starfish along the stretch of shore. The cause of this mass stranding was unknown but bad weather and storms out at sea coupled with higher than usual tides may have been to blame. 

During Storm Frank in the early hours of 31 December 2015 hundreds of starfish were stranded along the coast of Portsmouth, Hampshire.

This is not a unique phenomenon and other mass strandings have occurred in Britain and elsewhere at such places as Holkham Beach in Norfolk in 2009,  near Sandwich in Kent in 2008,  and near Brighton ten days later.  A similar occurrence occurred on the shore of the White Sea where vast numbers of starfish came ashore on a nine-mile stretch of beach in 2004. It was said that people could not "walk around them because the whole shore was full of starfish". Russian experts expressed mystification as to the cause of the stranding.
Question:
What is the common name of the creature Asterias Rubens?
Answer:
Asteroidia
Passage:
French Somaliland
French Somaliland (, lit. "French Coast of Somalis"; ; , ʾArḍ Aṣ-Ṣūmāl Al-Fransī) was a French colony in the Horn of Africa. It existed between 1883 and 1967.

History

It was established between 1883 and 1887, after the ruling Somali and Afar sultans signed the land away in various treaties with the French.    The construction of the Imperial Ethiopian Railway west into Ethiopia turned the port of Djibouti into a boomtown of 15,000"Jibuti" [i.e., Djibouti] in the Encyclopædia Britannica 11th ed., Vol. 15. 1911. at a time when Harar was the only city in Ethiopia to exceed that."Abyssinia" [i.e., Ethiopia] in the Encyclopædia Britannica 11th ed, Vol. 1. 1911. Although the population fell after the completion of the line to Dire Dawa and the original company failed and required a government bail-out, the rail link allowed the territory to quickly supersede the caravan-based trade carried on at Zeila  (then in the British area of Somaliland) and become the premier port for coffee and other goods leaving southern Ethiopia and the Ogaden through Harar.

The railway continued to operate following the Italian conquest of Ethiopia but, following the tumult of the Second World War, the area became an overseas territory of France in 1946. In 1967, French Somaliland was renamed the French Territory of the Afars and the Issas and, in 1977, it became the independent country of Djibouti.
Question:
In 1967, French Somaliland became the French Territory of the Afars and Issas. To what did the country change its name on gaining independence in 1977?
Answer:
Territoire français des Afars et des Issas
Passage:
Cottage pie
Cottage pie (made with minced beef) or shepherd's pie (made with minced lamb) is a meat pie with a crust of mashed potato.     

Etymology

The term cottage pie was in use by 1791,  when the potato was being introduced as an edible crop affordable for the poor (cf. "cottage" meaning a modest dwelling for rural workers).

History

In early cookery books, the dish was a means of using leftover roasted meat of any kind, and the pie dish was lined with mashed potato as well as having a mashed potato crust on top.  

The term "shepherd's pie" did not appear until 1877, and since then it is sometimes used synonymously with "cottage pie", regardless of whether the principal ingredient was beef or mutton.    Ouside the United States, the term "shepherd's pie" is used when the meat is lamb.   

Variations

* A St. Stephen's Day pie is made using turkey and ham. 
* The Cumberland pie is a version with a layer of breadcrumb on top. 
* A similar English dish made with fish is a fish pie.
Question:
Traditionally, what is the topping for a shepherd's pie?
Answer:
Idaho potato
Passage:
Reginald Rose
Reginald Rose (December 10, 1920 – April 19, 2002) was an American film and television writer most widely known for his work in the early years of television drama. Rose's work is marked by its treatment of controversial social and political issues. His realistic approach helped create the slice of life school of television drama, which was particularly influential in the anthology programs of the 1950s.

Biography

Born in Manhattan, Rose attended Townsend High School and briefly attended City College (now part of the City University of New York) before serving in the U.S. Army in 1942-46, where he became a first lieutenant.

Rose was married twice, to Barbara Langbart in 1943, with whom he had four children, and to Ellen McLaughlin (not the playwright and actor) in 1963, with whom he had two children. He died in 2002 from complications of heart failure.

Television

He sold his first teleplay, Bus to Nowhere, in 1950 to the live CBS dramatic anthology program Studio One, for which he wrote Twelve Angry Men four years later. This latter drama, set entirely in a room where a jury is deliberating the fate of a teenage boy accused of murder, was inspired by Rose's service on just such a trial.The play was later made into a black-and-white movie.

The Internet Movie Database quotes Rose's memories of this experience: "It was such an impressive, solemn setting in a great big wood-paneled courtroom, with a silver-haired judge, it knocked me out. I was overwhelmed. I was on a jury for a manslaughter case, and we got into this terrific, furious, eight-hour argument in the jury room. I was writing one-hour dramas for Studio One then, and I thought, wow, what a setting for a drama." 

Rose received an Emmy for his teleplay and an Oscar nomination for its 1957 feature-length film adaptation. Rose wrote for all three of the major broadcast networks of the 1950-80 period. He created and wrote for The Defenders in 1961, a weekly courtroom drama spun off from one of Rose's episodes of Studio One; The Defenders would go on to win two Emmy awards for dramatic writing.

Twilight Zone

His teleplay The Incredible World of Horace Ford was the basis for an episode of The Twilight Zone in 1963 starring Pat Hingle, Nan Martin, and Ruth White. The episode was broadcast on April 18, 1963, on CBS as Episode 15 of Season Four. The theme was how the past is always glorified due to the repression and self-censorship of the negative aspects: we remember the good while we forget the bad. The teleplay had originally appeared as a Studio One episode in 1955.

Films

Rose was a screenwriter, beginning with Crime in the Streets (1956), an adaptation of his 1955 teleplay for The Elgin Hour. He made four movies with the British producer Euan Lloyd: The Wild Geese, The Sea Wolves, Who Dares Wins and Wild Geese II.

Plays

*The Porcelain Year (1950)
*Twelve Angry Men (1954)
*Black Monday (1962)
*Dear Friends (1968)
*This Agony, This Triumph (1972)
Question:
Reginald Rose wrote a play adapted from his 1957 teleplay, and later film, script of the same name. The film became famous with Henry Fonda in the lead role as foreman of a jury. What was the play?
Answer:
Twelve Angry Men
Passage:
Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy
Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy is a compilation album of singles by British rock band The Who, released in 1971 as Track 2406 006 in the UK and as Decca DL 79184 in the US. It entered the US Billboard 200 chart on 20 November 1971, peaking at number 11,  and the UK chart on 3 December 1971, peaking at number 9.  In 1987, Rolling Stone magazine ranked it #99 on their list of the 100 best albums of the period 1967–1987.

Content

Every track on the album with the exception of "Boris the Spider", the one song written by John Entwistle, had been released as a single in the UK, with all except "A Legal Matter", "Magic Bus", and "The Seeker" being top ten hits. "Happy Jack", "I Can See for Miles", "Magic Bus", and "Pinball Wizard" had also been Top 40 hits in the US. It was compiled by Pete Townshend over objection by manager Kit Lambert, who tried to have the track order changed but failed because too many copies had already been pressed. The UK release was held up because The Who and Bill Curbishley had failed to clear it with Lambert.

The album is named for the members of the band: "Meaty" is Daltrey, who was quite fit at the time; "Beaty" is Moon, for his drumming; "Big" is Entwistle, who was a large person, often referred to as "The Ox" (lending his nickname to the instrumental of the same name); and "Bouncy" was Townshend, who jumped about quite acrobatically during performances.

The original vinyl album featured a longer alternative studio take of "Magic Bus" in fake stereo which was not included on the original compact disc version, because the true stereo or mono source could not be found for the long version of the song. However, on 25 July 2007, Universal Japan re-released the album in a mini-LP sleeve that includes the long alternate version of "Magic Bus" in fake stereo, as with the original album.

Album cover and photographs 

The album's original title was The Who Looks Back. On the front cover the Who are looking at four children, one of whom is Who manager Bill Curbishley's younger brother Paul.

The panoramic photograph on the album's inside cover is an exterior shot of the side of the Railway Hotel, a pub that was sited on the bridge next to Harrow & Wealdstone station in north-west London. The Railway Hotel was a popular hangout for Mods and soon after Keith Moon joined the band, the Who became a regular attraction there from June 1964, performing every Tuesday night. It was here that Kit Lambert, their manager, first saw the band,  and here that Pete Townshend accidentally cracked his guitar's neck on the low ceiling above the stage. In response to laughter from the crowd, he then smashed his guitar for the first time in public; a gimmick he maintained for many years when playing live.   The band were filmed at the venue on 11 August - a copy of the recording turning up in 2002.

The Railway Hotel was destroyed by fire in March 2000, after becoming empty and vandalised.  The site is now occupied by two blocks of flats, named Moon House and Daltrey House after the band members. 

Song notes 

Several songs on the album had previously been released on long-playing album.  The Who's debut My Generation included the title track, "A Legal Matter", and "The Kids Are Alright". A Quick One included "Boris the Spider" and in its American configuration "Happy Jack." "I Can See for Miles" appeared on The Who Sell Out, and "Pinball Wizard" on Tommy. "Pictures of Lily" and "Magic Bus" previously appeared on the US compilation album Magic Bus: The Who on Tour. That album features an alternate mix of the "I'm a Boy" single recording, which appeared later in abbreviated form on the Limited Edition bonus disc to the Ultimate Collection compilation.  Most of the tracks on this album would also appear on many subsequent compilations of Who material.

Track listing 

All songs written by Pete Townshend except where noted.

Personnel 

* Roger Daltrey - lead vocals
* John Entwistle - bass guitar, French Horn, vocals
* Keith Moon - drums, percussion
* Pete Townshend - guitar, keyboards, vocals

Additional personnel 

* Nicky Hopkins — piano on "Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere" and "A Legal Matter"
* Kit Lambert, Shel Talmy — production
* Bill Curbishley, Mike Shaw — album design
* Graham Hughes — photography
* Steve Hoffman — compact disc mastering (uncredited)

Sales chart performance 

;Album

Sales certifications
Question:
Which group released the album 'Meaty, Beaty, Big and Bouncy' in the 1970s?
Answer:
The High Numbers
Passage:
Berlin Marathon Live Stream Online, Webcam Feed, Date
Berlin Marathon Live Stream Online, Webcam Feed, Date
Watch             the Berlin Marathon live online             streaming .
The             Berlin Marathon is a major running             and sporting event held annually in             Berlin, Germany. The official             marathon distance of 42.195             kilometers (26 miles 385 yards) is             set up as a city-wide road race             where professional athletes and             amateur sportsmen jointly             participate. First initiated in 1974             the event traditionally takes place             on the last weekend in September.
With             40,827 enrolled starters from 107             countries, 35,913 official finishers             and more than one million spectators             in 2008 the Berlin marathon is one             of the largest and most popular road             races in the world. Along with four             other venues it forms the World             Marathon Majors, a series offering a             $1 million prize purse to be split             equally between the top male and             female marathoners.
The             most marathon world records for men             and women have been set at the             Berlin course, which is known for             its flat profile, even surface, a             cheering spectator crowd, and its             frequently mild autumn temperatures.             In 2008 a new record was set by             Haile Gebrselassie while the fourth             best time in a women marathon was             set by Irina Mikitenko.
The             event is split in 2 days. Around             8,000 additional inline skaters             competing at the marathon course one             day before the running event,             usually at a Saturday. Power             walkers, handbikers, wheelchair             riders, and a children's marathon             (4.2195 km) are also part of the             marathon weekend which is organised             by SCC Running and currently             sponsored by real-hypermarkets.
Local Weather:
Question:
What sporting event is 42.195 km (26 miles 385 yards)?
Answer:
Marathon (race)
Passage:
Tubthumping
"Tubthumping" is a song released by British rock band Chumbawamba in 1997. It was their most successful single, peaking at number two on the UK Singles Chart. It topped the charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and peaked at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100. At the 1998 Brit Awards, "Tubthumping" was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Single.

Overview

Following the UK miners' strike, Chumbawumba, inspired by Frank Zappa, began making music with political themes, while designed for mainstream listening. 

The term "tubthumper" is commonly used for someone, often a politician, seeming to "jump on the bandwagon" with a populist idea. The liner notes on the album Tubthumper, from which "Tubthumping" was the first single, put the song in a radical context, quoting a UK anti-road protester, Paris 1968 graffiti, details about the famous McLibel case and the short story "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner".

"Tubthumping" was placed at number 12 in Rolling Stones list of the 20 Most Annoying Songs.  Conversely, "Tubthumping" was voted as the second-best single of 1997 on The Village Voices Pazz & Jop annual critics' poll, after Hansons "MMMBop".

The cover art for the single is based on the logo for the manufacturing company of Arm & Hammer.

The song consists of lead vocals by Dunstan Bruce and Lou Watts, and features Jude Abbott on trumpet.

The band has performed the song with alternative lyrics on numerous occasions.  When performing on the Late Show with David Letterman, a chant of "Free Mumia Abu-Jamal" accompanied only by a drumbeat preceded the final chorus. At the 1998 Brit Awards, the band performed the song with the added line "New Labour sold out the dockers, just like they'll sell out the rest of us" in protest at the New Labour government's refusal to support the Liverpool dockers' strike. A French version of the song was produced for the French Canadian market.

The song was played as the Flight Day 4 "wake up call" during the final Space Shuttle STS-135 mission and flight of Atlantis in July 2011 for astronaut Sandra Magnus.

The band received an offer of $1.5 million from Nike to use the song in a World Cup advertisement.  According to the band it took about "thirty seconds to say no." They did, however, license the song to American video game company Electronic Arts for use as the opening theme of the game World Cup '98, and in television advertisements for the National Accident Helpline, a profit-making firm specialising in personal injury lawyers. It featured in the Knocked Down advertisement for the National Accident Helpline in 2012 which features the Underdog character. It was also used as a theme song for Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves.

The album version of the song opens with a sample of a monologue performed by Pete Postlethwaite in the 1996 film Brassed Off. 

In 2011, the UK Independence Party used the song at a political conference to accompany the arrival of Nigel Farage. The band stated that this was a "gross misuse of a band's music", described their own reaction as "total and absolute outrage and horror", and said that UKIP was "a grubby little organisation" which was "stealing (the) song to use for their own ends". 

The song was featured in Liv and Maddie, an American teen sitcom that premiered on September 15, 2013 on Disney Channel.

First broadcast in March 2016, the song played over the closing credits of episode 10 of the TV series Billions, and briefly during the same episode by a character listening on a MP3 player as he entered the men’s room.

Tubthumping (Remix)

"Tubthumping (Remix)" was released in 2003 as a promotional CD by Chumbawamba on their MUTT Records label. The remixed version of the song was done by The Flaming Lips and Dave Fridmann. It is a slower version of the song, with a more minor key feeling to the music.

The other two songs on the CD were taken from the album Readymades and Then Some.

Track listings and formats

# "Tubthumping" (remix) (by The Flaming Lips and Dave Fridmann)
# "Salt Fare, North Sea" (vocal sample by Lal Waterson and Oliver Knight from the song "Some Old Salty")
# "Jacob's Ladder (Not in My Name)" (vocal sample by Harry Cox from the song "The Pretty Ploughboy")

;12" promo (Universal, 1997)
#"Tubthumping" (MAWR mix)
#"Tubthumping" (original album mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Timeshard mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Gunshot mix)

;CD single 1 (EMI, 1997)
#"Tubthumping" (original recording)
#"Farewell to the Crown" (featuring Oysterband)
#"Football Song"
#"Tubthumping" (Butthumping mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Danny Boy remix)

;CD single 2 (EMI, 1997)
#"Tubthumping" (original/Invincible mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Butthumping mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Danny Boy remix)
#"Tubthumping" (MAWR mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Timeshard mix)
#"Tubthumping" (Gunshot mix)

Charts

Weekly charts

Year-end charts
Question:
Pop. ‘Tubthumping’ was a 1997 no.2 hit for which group?
Answer:
Chumbawumba
Passage:
Lovejoy
Lovejoy is a British TV comedy-crime-drama series based on the picaresque novels by  John Grant under the pen name Jonathan Gash. The show, which ran to 71 episodes over six series, was originally broadcast by the BBC between 10 January 1986 and 4 December 1994, although there was a five-year gap between the first and second series. It was adapted for television by Ian La Frenais.

The series concerns the adventures of the eponymous Lovejoy, played by Ian McShane, a likeable but roguish antiques dealer based in East Anglia. Within the trade, he has a reputation as a "divvie", a person with almost supernatural powers for recognising exceptional items as well as distinguishing genuine antiques from clever fakes or forgeries.

Characters

* Lovejoy, played by Ian McShane (series one to six), less than scrupulous yet likeable rogue antique dealer.  
* Eric Catchpole, played by Chris Jury (series one to five), Lovejoy's younger, enthusiastic but ever so slightly dim assistant. 
* Tinker Dill, played by Dudley Sutton (series one to six), barker and tout who is friends with Lovejoy.  
* Lady Jane Felsham, played by Phyllis Logan (series one to five), has a friendly relationship with Lovejoy, often helping him with his deals.
* Beth Taylor, played by Diane Parish (series five and six), Lovejoy's new apprentice following the departure of Eric Catchpole.
* Charlie Gimbert, played by Malcolm Tierney (series one, series four to six), Lovejoy's nemesis within the antiques trade
* Charlotte Cavendish, played by Caroline Langrishe (series five and six), an auctioneer who becomes Lovejoy's love interest.
* Lovejoy's daughter: 
:Kate (series one) played by Charlotte Edwards.
:Vicky (series two and three) played by Amelia Shankley
:Viki (series six) played by Amelia Curtis

Broadcast history

The series was notable for its style and pacing. Lovejoy would frequently break the fourth wall, revealing his thoughts and motives 
by addressing the audience directly. The first series was shown on BBC1 in the first half of 1986. It concluded with a two-part special. Despite being a moderate ratings success, Lovejoy was not brought back until 1991. Most of the original cast returned for the next two series between 1991 and 1992. With the start of the fourth series in 1993, Malcolm Tierney reprised his first series role as Charlie Gimbert.

During the fifth series, several cast changes were made. Lady Jane Felsham (played by Phyllis Logan) left the show in the second episode and Eric Catchpole (played by Chris Jury) departed in the sixth episode, although both characters returned for the sixth series finale. Two new regular characters were added: Lovejoy's new apprentice, Beth Taylor (played by Diane Parish), and Charlotte Cavendish (played by Caroline Langrishe), who ran a local antiques auction house.

The sixth and final series of 10 episodes was aired between October and December 1994.

Two 90-minute Lovejoy Christmas specials were shown in 1992 and 1993.

The theme tune used in the opening and end credits, as well as the incidental music for each episode, was composed by Denis King.

Adaptation

The television version respected the author's wish not to reveal Lovejoy's first name. Just as in the books, Lovejoy's first name is never mentioned in the TV series; the character insists on being addressed simply as "Lovejoy".

However, the novel's lechery and violence was toned down along with the amount of antique lore and terminology.

Likewise the character of Lovejoy's favourite 'barker', Tinker Dill, was cleaned up for the television series. Within the novels, he is portrayed as a malodorous, seldom-bathed individual although his penchant for strong drink was retained in the series.

Releases

The series was first aired in the United States on the A&E Network. It was marketed as The Lovejoy Mysteries on VHS in the U.S. The DVD release of the entire series has returned to title of Lovejoy.
Question:
"The lead character in the TV series ""Lovejoy"", which was based on stories by John Grant (under the pen name Jonathan Gash), was an expert in what?"
Answer:
Antique
Passage:
Annie Edson Taylor
Annie Edson Taylor (October 24, 1838 - April 29, 1921) was an American adventurer who, on her  birthday, October 24, 1901, became the first person to survive a trip over Niagara Falls in a barrel. 

Early life

Annie Edson Taylor was born on October 24, 1838 in Auburn, New York.  She was one of eight children; her father, Merrick Edson, owned a flour mill. He died when she was 12 years old but the money he left behind continued to provide a comfortable living for the family. She became a schoolteacher (she received an honors degree in a four-year training course). During her studies she met David Taylor. They were married and had a son who died in infancy. Her husband died soon after. After she was widowed, she spent her working years in between jobs and locales. 
 
Eventually, she ended up in Bay City, Michigan where she hoped to be a dance instructor. Since there were no dance schools in Bay City at that time, Taylor opened her own. Later she moved to Sault Ste. Marie in 1900 to teach music. From Sault Ste. Marie she traveled to San Antonio, Texas where she and a friend got together and went to Mexico City to find work. Unsuccessful, she returned to Bay City. 

Niagara Falls

Desiring to secure her later years financially, and avoid the poorhouse, she decided she would be the first person to ride over Niagara Falls in a barrel. Taylor used a custom-made barrel for her trip, constructed of oak and iron and padded with a mattress.  Several delays occurred in the launching of the barrel, particularly because no one wanted to be part of a potential suicide. Two days before Taylor's own attempt, a domestic cat was sent over the Horseshoe Falls in her barrel to test its strength to see if the barrel would break or not. Contrary to rumors at the time, the cat survived the plunge and 17 minutes later, after she was found with a bleeding head, posed with Taylor in photographs. 

On October 24, 1901, her 63rd birthday, the barrel was put over the side of a rowboat, and Taylor climbed in, along with her lucky heart-shaped pillow. After screwing down the lid, friends used a bicycle tire pump to compress the air in the barrel. The hole used for this was plugged with a cork, and Taylor was set adrift near the American shore, south of Goat Island.

The Niagara River currents carried the barrel over the Canadian Horseshoe Falls, which has since been the site for all daredevil stunting at Niagara Falls. Rescuers reached her barrel shortly after the plunge. Taylor was discovered to be alive and relatively uninjured, except for a small gash on her head. The trip itself took less than twenty minutes, but it was some time before the barrel was actually opened. After the journey, Annie Taylor told the press:

Later years

She briefly earned money speaking about her experience, but was never able to build much wealth. Her manager, Frank M. Russell, ran away with her barrel, and most of her savings were used towards private detectives hired to find it. It was eventually located in Chicago, only to permanently disappear some time later.

She spent her final years posing for photographs with  tourists at her souvenir stand, attempting to earn money from the New York Stock Exchange, briefly talking about taking a second plunge over the cataracts in 1906, attempting to write a novel, re-constructing her 1901 plunge on film (which was never seen), working as a clairvoyant, and providing magnetic therapeutic treatments to local residents. 

Death

Annie Taylor died on April 29, 1921, aged 82, at the Niagara County Infirmary in Lockport, New York. She is interred in the "Stunters Section" of Oakwood Cemetery in Niagara Falls, New York.
Cause of death is said to be morphea, which is not a deadly disease.

In popular culture

Annie Taylor's character appears in the IMAX film [http://www.imaxniagara.com/IMAX-theater/the-movie.cfm Niagara: Miracles, Myths and Magic.]

Emma Donoghue has written a short story featuring Taylor's descent. 

Legends of the Hidden Temple had an episode entitled "The Heart-Shaped Pillow of Annie Taylor."

Composer Michael John LaChiusa wrote a musical, "Queen of the Mist", based on Taylor's life. It was premiered by Transport Group in New York City on October 18, 2011, and starred Mary Testa as Taylor. 

Taylor's story inspired the plot to the episode "Barrel Bear" of the television show Wonderfalls.

Chris Van Allsburg has written a children's book called "Queen of the Falls" about her amazing feat.

Annie is portrayed at Niagara Falls State Park by Kathleen Ordiway on the "Encounter Niagara" tour.

In TV Murdoch Mysteries 7-1 "Murdoch Ahoy", Annie (Jillian Cook) is in Toronto for a speech, at the police station accusing her manager (Joel Rinzler) of stealing her barrel.

The poet John Wall Barger portrayed Annie Edson Taylor as the heroine/radiation victim of a fictitious movie in his 2014 poem "Chernobyl."

She is also depicted in a National Geographic special "Conquering Niagara" where National Geographic documents all stunts attempted over the falls.
Question:
On October 24, 1901, 63-year-old Michigan school teacher Annie Edson Taylor was the first person to go where in a barrel ?
Answer:
Niagra Falls
