Passage:
Sarah-Jane Hutt
Sarah-Jane Hutt (born October 3, 1964) is a British model and beauty queen who was the fifth Miss United Kingdom to win the Miss World beauty contest in 1983.

She refused to admit she was the most beautiful woman and some of the unhappy contestants agreed with her.
 

She is a former pupil of the Mountbatten School in Romsey, Hampshire.
Question:
In 1982, Sarah Jane Hutt was the last English winner of which title?
Answer:
Miss World Organization
Passage:
Mary Perkins
Dame Mary Lesley Perkins, DBE (born 14 February 1944)  is co-founder of Specsavers, the British retail opticians chain.

Together with her husband, co-founder and chairman Doug Perkins, Dame Mary has three children, all of whom work for Specsavers, and are eventually expected to take over the privately owned company. 

Early life

She attended Fairfield Grammar School in Bristol. She then went to Cardiff University to train as an optometrist. At Cardiff, she met Doug Perkins, whom she would later marry. The couple established their first business in Bristol in the 1960s. This was a chain of opticians around Bristol, which they sold for £2 million in 1980, and continue to receive income from. After the sale the couple moved to Guernsey, where Mary's father had retired.

Specsavers

Mary and Doug Perkins established Specsavers in Guernsey in 1984. In 2007 it was the largest privately owned opticians in the world, with nearly 900 stores across the UK and Europe. By 2011 the company had an annual turnover of £1.5bn and over 30,000 staff in markets in the UK, Europe and Australasia. 

Her current title at Specsavers is "founder". Dame Mary sits on the company board, oversees business development and has particular responsibility for running PR. She has admitted donning disguises and visiting Specsavers stores, posing as a customer.

Awards and honours

Perkins was made an honorary fellow of Cardiff University in 2005. The same year she received the Rotary International Community and Vocational Service Award for her services to charity and in 2006 won the inaugural Spirit of everywoman Award. Perkins was the first female optician in the UK to receive the title of Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 2007.

The accolade was also in recognition of her other charitable work, including the Guernsey annual "Specsavers Liberation Tea Dance for pensioners", and her directorship of Women's Refuge and Age Concern.  She was awarded the Spirit of Everywoman Award in 2006.  She is also a patron to leading children's charity Kidscape 

In 2012 Dame Mary Perkins was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Business from Plymouth University  

In February 2013 she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4. 

In July 2015 she was made an Officer Sister of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem.
Question:
Dame Mary Lesley Perkins is a co-founder of which chain of UK opticians?
Answer:
Blic (optician chain)
Passage:
Hans Riegel
Johannes Peter "Hans" Riegel (10 March 1923 – 15 October 2013)   was a German entrepreneur who owned and operated the confectioner Haribo since 1946. 

Born in Bonn, he was the oldest son of the company's founder Hans Riegel, Sr., who invented the gummy bear in 1922. After his graduation from the Jesuit boarding school Aloisiuskolleg, he did his doctorate in 1951 at Bonn University with his thesis "The development of the world sugar industry during and after the Second World War". 

In 1953, he was elected first president of the German badminton association (Deutscher Badminton-Verband) after he had won the German championship in the men's doubles. In 1954 and 1955 he won the mixed doubles title. In the same year, he organized the construction of the first indoor badminton court in Germany, called the Haribo-Centre, in Bonn.

Riegel owned the Jakobsburg Hotel and Golf resort near Boppard in the Rhine Valley in Germany.
Question:
Hans Riegel of Bonn, Germany, formed which confectionary company in 1920?
Answer:
Haribo sugarless gummy bear
Passage:
Royal Armouries Museum
The Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, is a national museum which displays the National Collection of Arms and Armour. It is part of the Royal Armouries family of museums, the other sites being the Tower of London, its traditional home, Fort Nelson, Hampshire, for the display of its National Collection of Artillery, and permanent galleries within the Frazier History Museum in Louisville, Kentucky, USA.  The Royal Armouries is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. 

The Royal Armouries Museum is a £42.5 million purpose built museum  located in Leeds Dock that opened in 1996. Its collection was previously on display or in storage at the Tower of London where the Royal Armouries still maintains a presence and displays in the White Tower. 

As at all UK National Museums, entry is free, though certain extra attractions are charged for.

The Museum used live presentations in addition to the static displays to explain the collection.  Due to a reorganisation of the Museum in 2010/11, prompted by funding cuts, the interpretation department closed on 31 March 2011. 

Construction 

The museum is housed in a new building designed by Derek Walker and Buro Happold  and built by Alfred McAlpine. 

Location 

Situated close to the city centre on the bank of the River Aire the museum is among many buildings built in the same era that saw a rejuvenation of the Leeds waterfront. It is located on Armouries Square, in Leeds Dock. Road access is by Armouries Drive and Chadwick Street. 

Features 

Main building 

The Royal Armouries Museum itself was designed from the inside out. The redisplay of the collections in a thematic structure and the identity, size and basic story-lines of the new galleries were all created as part of Strategy 2000.

The design for the new building took those spaces, together with the study collections, conservation workshops and library as the basis of its overall layout. The ceiling heights of the new building were designed to accommodate the longest staff weapons in the collections, displayed vertically, and the principal lift to move the largest object.

In addition to the five original galleries which house 5,000 objects in the permanent displays and the more recent Peace Gallery, the museum also includes the Hall of Steel, a giant staircase whose walls are decorated with trophy displays composed of 2,500 objects reminiscent of the historical trophy displays erected by the Tower Armouries from the 17th century.

The Museum is five floors in height with four of the galleries arranged over two floors. Access to the first four floors can be gained from all the lifts. Access to the fifth floor is only possible from the designated gold lift. All lifts are located in the reception area, The main entrance to the Museum is accessed from Armouries Square.

War 

With displays   dedicated to:
*Ancient and Medieval warfare
*17th and 18th centuries 
*19th and 20th centuries

Peace - farewell to arms? 

This gallery  can be found within the War Gallery and looks at the potential for a future free of arms, looking at disarmament and concepts such as détente.  This gallery is in partnership with the Peace Museum in nearby Bradford.

Hunting 

This gallery   deals with the potentially contentious subject of hunting with displays dedicated to:
*Hunting through the ages 
*Hunting as sport

Oriental 

A gallery with displays   dedicated to:
*South and South-east Asia 
*China and Japan 
*Central Asia, Islam and India

Tournament 

A large gallery on two floors showing a variety of arms and armour from the days of jousting. 

Self defence 

This gallery has a number of different displays   dedicated to:
*Arms and armour as art 
*The armed civilian
*IMPACT - A poignant and challenging exhibition documents through photographs, personal statements and video, the effects of gun crime on a community.

Arena 

Running alongside the River Aire for 150 metres, with seating on the land-ward side, is the Arena. Here, weather permitting, exhibitions of military and sporting skill at arms, including jousting are hosted.

Though the Museum no longer has its own horses, two important jousting contests each year are still held with competitors from all over the world. 

Easter is the height of the Jousting calendar when the Arena hosts a four-day international competition between up to four jousting teams.  The four teams compete from Good Friday to Easter Sunday against each other with the tournament final on Easter Monday.  The winning team is awarded the Sword of Honour at the end of the competition.

Summer sees the Jousting season close with the last tournament of the year, an individual joust with jousters from all over the world competing for the H.M. Queen's Golden Jubilee Trophy.

Flags 

The flags flown by the canal at the Royal Armouries are the: 
*Flag of England
*Flag of Scotland
*Flag of Wales
*Royal Standard of England
*Royal Standard of Scotland
*Flag of Saint David
*Union Flag

Funding cuts 

In March 2011, following a 15% reduction in the Royal Armouries's funding,  seventeen members of staff "including all of the museum’s expert horse riders, professional actors and stable staff" lost their jobs.

In popular culture 

The museum is mentioned in the Kaiser Chiefs song "Team Mate", from the band's debut album, Employment.
Question:
The Royal Armouries Museum is located in which English city?
Answer:
Leeds, UK
Passage:
Jonas Brothers Respond To Gay Rumors In 'Out' Magazine ...
Jonas Brothers Respond To Gay Rumors In 'Out' Magazine Cover Story | The Huffington Post
Jonas Brothers Respond To Gay Rumors In 'Out' Magazine Cover Story
10/01/2013 01:39 pm ET | Updated Feb 02, 2016
270
James Nichols The Huffington Post
The sexuality of the three Jonas Brothers -- Joe, Nick and Kevin -- has been speculated about for some time now -- and their latest decision to pose for gay magazine "Out" might add fuel to the fire in some people's minds.
However, the musical trio sought to clarify the rumors surrounding their sexual orientations this week in a question and answer session accompanying the steamy new photo shoot .
An excerpt from the interview reads:
Joe: We have a lot of gay friends and gay fans. It’s a boy band stereotype; people assume, but we don’t take offense.
Nick: Prior to us being a band, I was a super theater geek. I loved theater and I still do, and I care about fashion, and I care about a lot of things that I feel like stereotypes are attached to.
Joe: [Being in 'Out'] is a moment for us for sure. We keep saying, 'Well, it’s about time.'
The brothers aren't the only boy band members to be on the receiving end of long-standing gay rumors -- and they also aren't the only ones to play coy about it .
Check out the rest of the interview here and watch the above video for a behind the scenes look at the trio's photo shoot.
Also on HuffPost:
Question:
What is the surname of the brothers Joe, Kevin and Nick - the three members of a US pop group?
Answer:
Jonas (disambiguation)
Passage:
Thomas 'Sinbad' Sweeney
Thomas Henry Edward Sweeney, commonly known as Sinbad is a character in Brookside from 1984 to 2000 played by Michael Starke.

Character

Sinbad was first introduced into the soap in September 1984, two years after the programme began.  The character was introduced as a window cleaner, however he also took a sideline in many illegitimate deals. Over Christmas 1984 he was seen with 'Trevor the turkey', selling it for £10, and then on delivery producing a live turkey knowing that residents including Sheila Grant and Paul Collins would be too sensitive to kill it, thus keeping the deposit for himself.  He later quipped that this was Trevor's third year of doing it.  The character was a long-time friend and associate of Jimmy Corkhill.

His nickname derived from his window-cleaning days and his reluctance to clean into the corners of the windows, instead cleaning a porthole-shape in the centre of the glass.  For several years the character was billed simply as 'Sinbad'.

Character development

While the character of Sinbad was introduced as a light-hearted character with few serious stories, in the 1990s, his character was developed.  In 1993, feeling guilty he had kept quiet when he knew Trevor Jordache had beaten Mandy, he helped Beth and Mandy dispose of the body after his murder. Sinbad and Mandy slowly began a relationship, and he stood by her side constantly following her arrest, imprisonment and release. Following this, Mandy gave birth to their daughter Ruth but the couple soon starting drifting apart with Mandy deciding to leave and work in a women's refuge in Bristol taking Ruth with her. Sinbad continued to be a fatherly presence for Mandy's daughter Rachel (Tiffany Chapman) who remained on the close after Mandy's departure.  In 2000 the character of Sinbad was written out after he became involved in a child abuse scandal. 

Business

Although originally a window cleaner, after the selling No 10 Sinbad invested the money into a shop on Brookside Parade selling used kitchen appliances.  While working he met Carmel O’Leary.  Carmel's youngest son, Tim (Tinhead) resented the pair of them becoming so close and tried to upset their relationship the best he could.  While running his shop, Sinbad sold a gas cooker to Ron Dixon, who ever the thrifty man installed it himself, despite having little aptitude towards gas installation, the resulting explosion caused great damage to Brookside Parade.  Carmel's eldest son Ben was paralysed in the accident, unable to forgive Sinbad for turning a blind eye to Ron's unqualified installation, the two split up. Tim hated Sinbad for a long time following this, to the point where he tried to run him over in his car. However this caused the car to drive into the river with Tim inside, and he was saved from drowning by Sinbad. Following a talk with Ben, Tim decided to forgive Sinbad and the two would become close over the years.

Work in the Fish and Chip shop

After the demise of Sinbad's business, his friend Mick Johnson gave him a job at the fish and chip shop, 'Chips with Everything.  This job came to an end shortly after Sinbad sold a stale pie to Ron Dixon.  After Ron made a complaint a health inspector  began investigating a local outbreak of food poisoning.  Mick confessed that his shop had sold stale food, however it was discovered the shop was not the source of the outbreak, Mick was reported regardless.  After the report, Mick was fined and he closed the shop.

Departure

Later on a gang of racists visited the area and attacked Mick, Sinbad was also attacked after intervening.  The attack left Sinbad partially deaf.  Sinbad struggled to cope with losing some of his hearing and left an interview after his prospective employer treated him in a condescending manner. After being invited to attend a special school for children with disabilities, Sinbad enjoyed his time there and befriended a boy named Andrew. Sinbad also became friends with Andrew's mother Barbara, however her other son resented Sinbad's presence. When Sinbad was forced to cancel a day out, Kevin took advantage of Andrew's disappointment and manipulated him into accusing Sinbad of sexual abuse, accusations with Barbara believed. Sinbad was questioned by police and released without charge, but was arrested when child pornography was found on the computer that he was the main user of (the offending pictures having being accidentally downloaded by Tim and Emily Shadwick, however the police wouldn't believe them when they attempted to confess). As news of the allegations filtered around the Close, several neighbours automatically assumed Sinbad was guilty (with Ron Dixon, who had a long-standing grudge, taking particular pleasure in making Sinbad's life a misery). Although Mick initially believed Sinbad, seeds of doubt were planted in his mind to the point where he asked his son Leo if Sinbad had ever touched him, and Sinbad felt betrayed when he heard about this. Eventually Rachel (who never doubted Sinbad's innocence) realised that Kevin was, like her, a victim of abuse and talked to him about her own experiences. Kevin confessed that he'd made Andrew make up the allegations and told the truth to the police. Although his innocence was proved, his neighbours were slow to apologise and Sinbad decided he had no future on the Close. When Barbara asked him if he wanted to move in with her and the boys, he accepted and after saying a fond farewell to Rachel left Brookside Close for a new start.

This story line received mixed reviews, as the character had been largely a light-hearted one.
Question:
The character 'Thomas Sweeney' appeared in which British soap from 1984 to 2000?
Answer:
Brooky
Passage:
Scree - definition of scree by The Free Dictionary
Scree - definition of scree by The Free Dictionary
Scree - definition of scree by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/scree
n.
1. Loose rock debris covering a slope.
2. A slope of loose rock debris at the base of a steep incline or cliff.
[Probably ultimately from Old Norse skridha, landslide, from skrīdha, to slide.]
scree
(skriː)
n
(Geological Science) an accumulation of weathered rock fragments at the foot of a cliff or hillside, often forming a sloping heap. Also called: talus
[Old English scrīthan to slip; related to Old Norse skrītha to slide, German schreiten to walk]
scree
a steep mass of loose rock on the slope of a mountain; talus.
[1775–85; < Old Norse skritha landslide]
scree
- A mass of small loose stones that form or cover a slope on a mountain.
See also related terms for slope .
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
geological formation , formation - (geology) the geological features of the earth
Translations
[ˈskriː] N → pedregal m (en una ladera)
scree
n → Geröll nt; scree slope → Geröllhalde f, → Geröllfeld nt
scree
[skriː] n → ghiaione m
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content .
Link to this page:
wood sage
References in periodicals archive ?
Tenders are invited for Supply of spares for stp plant set of hydraulic hose dunlop wp 2250 psi 155 bar 3/8 npt for bar scree n jash make,type-zz-1125-900-6 screenmat-za 1100
Wael Najem marries the woman of his dreams!
I got to the halfway mark in good time but running up the rest of the hill on scree was hell.
Did Everest pioneer Frank Smythe discover George Mallory's body in 1936?
SAXIFRAGA - these pint-sized flowering perennials look great in rock gardens and scree beds or, in the case of several varieties, planted en masse in the front of borders to add colour in late spring and early summer, acting as valuable ground cover.
Copyright © 2003-2017 Farlex, Inc
Disclaimer
All content on this website, including dictionary, thesaurus, literature, geography, and other reference data is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete, up to date, and is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, or any other professional.
Question:
What is a loose, sloping mass of debris at the base of a cliff called?
Answer:
Scree slope
Passage:
Rance (river)
The Rance is a river of northwestern France.  It flows into the English Channel between Dinard and Saint-Malo.

Before reaching the Channel, its waters are barred by a 750 metre long dam forming the Rance tidal power plant.

The river is linked to the Vilaine by means of the Canal d'Ille-et-Rance.

Départements and towns along the river:
* Côtes-d'Armor : Collinée, Caulnes, Dinan
* Ille-et-Vilaine : Dinard, Saint-Malo

Hydrology and water quality

Tributaries of the Rance include:
* Croqueloir
* Clergé
* Fremeur
* Quinéford

This river has moderate turbidity and its brownish water is somewhat low in velocity due to the slight gradient of the watercourse; pH levels have been measured at 8.13  within the city of Dinan and electrical conductivity of the waters have tested at 33 micro-siemens per centimetre.  At this reference location, summer flows are typically in the range of 500 cuft/s.
Question:
The Rance Barrage is the first example of what?
Answer:
Tidal lagoon
Passage:
Panphobia
Panphobia, omniphobia, pantophobia, or panophobia is a vague and persistent dread of some unknown evil.  Panphobia is not registered as a type of phobia in medical references.

History

The term panphobia was first coined by Théodule-Armand Ribot in his 1911 work [http://books.google.com/books?idbcEZAAAAMAAJ&printsec
frontcover&dqTheodule+Armand+Ribot&hl
en&saX&ei
PMAGUpHENKewyQGskIAQ&ved0CEIQ6AEwAQ#v
onepage&q&ffalse The Psychology of the Emotions].  He defined it as "a state in which a patient fears everything or nothing, where anxiety, instead of being riveted on one object, floats as in a dream, and only becomes fixed for an instant at a time, passing from one object to another, as circumstances may determine." The term comes from the Greek πᾶν - pan, neuter of "πᾶς" - pas, "all"  and φόβος - phobos, "fear".  The Greek root word pan (ex. pan-ic) describes "the unpleasant state inflicted by the intervention of the god Pan." Pan is characterized as a human-animal hybrid who "appeared as the agent of panic fear (that collective, animal-like disorder that seizes military camps at rest, especially at night) and of a form of individual possession (panolepsy)."  According to Herodotus, it was Pan who was able to lead the Athenians to victory in the Battle of Marathon, forcing the Persians to flee. It has been argued that pantophobia may actually be considered the more accurate name to describe the non-specificity associated with a fear of all.

Diagnosis

There is no specific phobia in the DSM-5 which provides criteria for an all-encompassing fear of everything, though the defining symptom for Generalized Anxiety Disorder in this manual is "excessive anxiety and worry (apprehensive expectation) about a number of events or activities." Another very relatable state of mind is paranoia, in which one fears that unknown threats could, and most likely will, come from anyone, with distrust potentially leading to a loss of touch with reality. Delusional disorder is a more severe form of this type of disorder. Relevant academic literature may point to panphobia as merely a piece of such more complex states of mental disorder.  Pseudoneurotic schizophrenia may be diagnosable in patients who, in addition to panphobia, also exhibit symptoms of pananxiety, panambivalence, and to a lesser extent, chaotic sexuality.   These persons differ from generalized anxiety sufferers in that they have "free-floating anxiety that rarely subsides" and are clinically diagnosable as having borderline personality disorder in the DSM-IV-TR.  No significant changes related to this personality disorder were made in transitioning to the DSM-5, suggesting the diagnostic criteria are still appropriate.
Question:
Panophobia is the abnormal fear of what?
Answer:
Everything
Passage:
Legal Age to Marry, State by State - marriage.about.com
Legal Age to Marry, State by State
States A-F ~~ States G-L ~~ States M ~~ States N-O ~~ States P-Z
Teen Marriage Law Trends
As a teenager considering marriage, do you know how old you have to be to legally get married? You need to know the legalities and requirements concerning teen marriage in the locale where you want to get married. Many states' teen marriage laws are making it harder for teens to marry.
There are recent studies that indicate that teen marriage is simply not a good idea.
Marriage license laws in the United States are reflecting that belief.
In the United States, all but one state requires that a couple be 18 in order to marry without parental permission. Nebraska sets the age of majority at 19. Although a few states will waive this requirement if there is a pregnancy, teenage couples may still have to have court approval.
continue reading below our video
How to Apply for a Marriage License in Florida
A few states allow pregnant teens or teens who have already had a child to get married without parental consent but these couples must have permission from a court.
Even with parental approval, many states require court approval when a person is 16 years old or less.
State-by-State Teen Marriage License Laws
Alabama : If either of you are under eighteen (18), you will need a certified copy of your birth certificate. Both parents must be present with identification, or if you have a legal guardian they must be present with a court order and identification. The state requires a $200 bond to be executed, payable to the State of Alabama. If one or both parents are deceased, proper evidence of such must be provided.         Individuals under the age of 14 may not marry.
Alaska : If either of you are under eighteen (18), you will need certified copy of birth certificate, both parents must be present with identification, or if you have a legal guardian they must be present with a court order and identification.
Arizona : If you are 16 or 17 years old, you must have the notarized consent of your parents or legal guardian.
If you are under sixteen (16), you must have the notarized consent of your parents or legal guardian as well as a court order.
Arkansas : Parental consent is needed if under eighteen (18) years of age. You need to present a state certified copy of your birth certificate, an active Military ID card, or a valid passport. Your parent must be present to sign the marriage book with the applicants when the license is issued. If a parent is unable to sign, due to death, separation, divorce or other circumstances, you must produce certified papers for verification of those circumstances. Males under the age of seventeen (17) and females under (16) cannot marry without a court order. This is usually given only in extreme circumstances, such as if the female teen is pregnant or the teenage couple already has a child together.
California : If either of you is under eighteen (18) years of age, you will need to make an appointment with a counselor, appear before a superior court judge, show certified copies of your birth certificates, and have one parent appear with you when you apply for the marriage license.
Colorado : If you are sixteen (16) or seventeen (17), you need consent of both parents (or parent having legal custody), or guardian, or seek judicial approval. If you are under sixteen (16), a Judicial Court Order along with parental consent is necessary. As of 6/15/06, there is a controversial ruling regarding minimum age in Colorado.
Connecticut : If under sixteen (16) years of age, a written consent of the judge of probate for the district where the minor teen resides must be obtained. Written parental consent is needed if under eighteen (18) years of age.
Delaware : You need signed parental consent forms provided by the Clerk of the Peace office if you are under eighteen (18) years of age.
District of Columbia : You need signed parental or guardian consent forms if you are under eighteen (18) years of age. If you are under sixteen (16) years of age, you cannot marry in the District of Columbia.
Florida : If a teen is under eighteen (18) years of age, but older than sixteen (16) years of age, a marriage license can be obtained with parental consent. If a parent has sole custody or the other parent is dead, the permission of one parent is sufficient. If a person is under the age of 16, the marriage license has to be issued by a county judge, with or without parental permission. If a minor's parents are both deceased and there is not an appointed guardian, he/she may apply for a marriage license. A minor teen who has been previously married may apply for a license. A minor who swears that they have a child or are expecting a baby, can apply for a license if the pregnancy has been verfied by a written statement from a licensed physician. A county court judge may at his/her discretion issue or not issue a license for them to marry.
Question:
What is the minimum age a person can legally get married in the US state of Oregon?
Answer:
17 time
Passage:
List of Test cricket records
Test cricket is played between international cricket teams who are Full Members of the International Cricket Council (ICC).  Unlike One Day Internationals, Test matches consist of two innings per team, having no limit in their number of overs.  Test cricket is first-class cricket, so statistics and records set in Test matches are also counted toward first-class records. The duration of Tests, currently limited to five days, has varied through Test history, ranging from three days to timeless matches.   The earliest match now recognised as a Test was played between England and Australia in March 1877;  since then there have been over 2,000 Tests played by 11 teams. The frequency of Tests has steadily increased partly because of the increase in the number of Test-playing countries, and partly as cricket boards seek to maximise their revenue. 

Cricket is, by its nature, capable of generating large numbers of records and statistics.  This list details the most significant team and individual records in Test cricket.

The most successful team in Test cricket, in terms of both wins and win percentage, is Australia, having won 362 of their 773 Tests (46.83%). Barring the ICC World XI, a rest of world team which played a single Test against Australia in 2005, the least successful team are Bangladesh who have struggled since their introduction to Test cricket in 2000, leading to questioning of their Test status.   

Australian Donald Bradman, widely considered the greatest batsman of all time,   holds several personal and partnership records. He scored the most runs in a series, has the most double centuries and was a part of the record 5th wicket partnership. His most significant record is his batting average of 99.94. One of cricket's most famous statistics,   it stands almost 40 runs higher than any other batsman's average. Don Bradman is the only player in the world to have scored 5000 runs against a single opposition: 5028 runs against England. 

In the Manchester Test of 1956, England spin bowler Jim Laker took 19 wickets for 90 runs (19–90) which set not only the Test record for best match figures but also the first-class one.  In taking 10–53 in the second innings he became the first bowler to capture all ten wickets in a Test match innings, and his analysis remains the best innings figures. Indian Leg-spinner Anil Kumble is the only other bowler to have taken 10 wickets in an innings, claiming 10–74 against Pakistan in 1999.  West Indies batsman Brian Lara has the highest individual score in Test cricket: he scored 400 not out against England in 2004 to surpass the innings of 380 by Matthew Hayden six months earlier. Lara had held the record before Hayden, with a score of 375 against England 10 years earlier.  Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq holds the record of the fastest test half century scoring 50 runs from 21 balls. The record for the fastest test century is held by New Zealand's Brendon McCullum who scored 100 runs from 54 balls in his final test match.

The trend of countries to increase the number of Test matches they play means that the aggregate lists are dominated by modern players. Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan became the highest Test wicket-taker in December 2007, when he passed Shane Warne's total of 708 wickets.  Within a year, the equivalent batting record of highest run-scorer had also changed hands: Sachin Tendulkar surpassed the tally of 11,953 runs by Brian Lara.  The record for most dismissals by a wicket-keeper is held by Mark Boucher of South Africa  while the record for most catches by a fielder is held by Rahul Dravid. 

Listing criteria 

In general the top five are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the five, when all the tied record holders are noted).

Listing notation 

;Team notation
* (300–3) indicates that a team scored 300 runs for three wickets and the innings was closed, either due to a successful run chase or if no playing time remained
* (300–3 d) indicates that a team scored 300 runs for three wickets, and declared its innings closed
* (300) indicates that a team scored 300 runs and was all out

;Batting notation
* (100) indicates that a batsman scored 100 runs and was out
* (100*) indicates that a batsman scored 100 runs and was not out

;Bowling notation
* (5–100) indicates that a bowler has captured 5 wickets while conceding 100 runs

;Currently playing
* † indicates a current Test cricketer

;Seasons
* Cricket is played during the summer months in most countries. Domestic cricket seasons in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Zimbabwe and the West Indies may therefore span two calendar years, and are by convention said to be played in (e.g.) "2008–09". A cricket season in England is described as a single year. e.g. "2009". An international Test series may be for a much shorter duration, and Cricinfo treats this issue by stating "any series or matches which began between May and September of any given year will appear in the relevant single year season and any that began between October and April will appear in the relevant cross-year season".  In the record tables, a two-year span generally indicates that the record was set within a domestic season in one of the above named countries.

Team records 

Team wins, losses and draws 

Result records 

Greatest win margins (by innings) 

Greatest win margin (by runs) 

Matches that finished with scores level 

Narrowest win margin (by wickets) 

Narrowest win margin (by runs) 

Victory after following-on 

Most consecutive wins 

Team scoring records 

Individual records 

Individual records (batting) 

Career runs 

Highest career batting average 

Innings or series 

Most runs in an over 

Centuries

Most Test centuries

Half Centuries

Most Test 50+

Individual records (bowling) 

Career 

Series 

Innings 

Match records 

Individual records (fielding) 

Most catches in Test career 

Individual records (wicket-keeping) 

Individual records (as an all-rounder) 

Individual records (other) 

Partnership records 

Highest partnership for each wicket 

Highest partnerships
Question:
Which cricketer has scored the most test runs without making a test century?
Answer:
Warney
