Passage:
President Roosevelt Appoints Joseph P. Kennedy Sr ...
President Roosevelt Appoints Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. Ambassador to Britain | World History Project
1937
President Roosevelt Appoints Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. Ambassador to Britain
Late in 1937, Mr. Kennedy was appointed United States Ambassador to England and moved there with his whole family, with the exception of Joe and Jack who were at Harvard.
Because of his father’s job, Jack became very interested in European politics and world affairs. After a summer visit to England and other countries in Europe, Jack returned to Harvard more eager to learn about history and government and to keep up with current events.
Source: JFK Bio Added by: Rob Brent
In 1938, Roosevelt appointed Kennedy as the United States Ambassador to the Court of St. James (Britain). Kennedy's Irish and Catholic status did not bother the British; indeed he hugely enjoyed his leadership position in London society, which stood in stark contrast to his outsider status in Boston. His daughter Kathleen married the heir to the Duke of Devonshire, the head of one of England's grandest aristocratic families. Kennedy rejected the warnings of Winston Churchill that compromise with Nazi Germany was impossible; instead he supported Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain's policy of appeasement in order to stave off a second world war that would be a more horrible "armageddon" than the first. Throughout 1938, as the Nazi persecution of Jews intensified, Kennedy attempted to obtain an audience with Adolf Hitler. Shortly before the Nazi aerial bombing of British cities began in September 1940, Kennedy sought a personal meeting with Hitler, again without State Department approval, "to bring about a better understanding between the United States and Germany."
Kennedy argued strongly against giving aid to Britain.
"Democracy is finished in England. It may be here," stated Ambassador Kennedy in the Boston Sunday Globe of November 10, 1940. In that one simple statement, Joe Kennedy ruined any future chances of becoming US president, effectively committing political suicide. While bombs fell daily on the UK, Nazi troops occupied Poland, Belgium, the Netherlands, and France, Ambassador Kennedy unambiguously and repeatedly stated his belief that the war was not about saving democracy from National Socialism (Nazism) or Fascism. In the now-infamous, long, rambling interview with two newspaper journalists, Louis M. Lyons of the Boston Globe and Ralph Coghlan of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Kennedy opined:
"It's all a question of what we do with the next six months. The whole reason for aiding England is to give us time." ... "As long as she is in there, we have time to prepare. It isn't that [Britain is] fighting for democracy. That's the bunk. She's fighting for self-preservation, just as we will if it comes to us... I know more about the European situation than anybody else, and it's up to me to see that the country gets it,"
In British government circles during the Blitz, Ambassador Kennedy was widely disparaged as a defeatist.
When the American public and Roosevelt Administration officials read his quotes on democracy being "finished", and his belief that the Battle of Britain wasn't about "fighting for democracy," all of it being just "bunk", they realized that Ambassador Kennedy could not be trusted to represent the United States. In the face of national public outcry, he submitted his resignation later that month.
Throughout the rest of the war, relations between Kennedy and the Roosevelt Administration remained tense (especially when Joe Kennedy, Jr., vocally opposed FDR's renomination). Having effectively removed himself from the national stage, Joe Sr. sat out the war on the sidelines. Kennedy did however stay active in the smaller venues of rallying Irish and Roman Catholic Democrats to vote for Roosevelt's reelection in 1944. He claimed to be eager to help the war effort, but as a result of his previous gaffes, he was neither trusted nor re-invited.
With his own ambitions for the White House in self-inflicted ruins, he held out great hope for his eldest son, Joseph Jr., to gain the presidency. However, Joe Jr. was killed over England while undertaking a high-risk bombing mission in 1944. Kennedy then turned his attention to grooming the second son, John F. Kennedy, who won the 1960 election.
Source: Wikipedia Added by: Rob Brent
More information
Question:
John F Kennedy's father Joe was US ambassador to which country?
Answer:
Britian
Passage:
Mark Dolan
Mark Dolan (born 17 March 1974) is an English comedian, writer, and television presenter.

Early life

Dolan was born in Camden, London. He attended the University of Edinburgh and performed in the acclaimed improvisational comedy troupe The Improverts.

Career

Television

Dolan is well known as the host of Channel 4 show Balls of Steel, which he presented from 2005 until the shows end in 2008. He is also the presenter of Channel 4 Radio’s satirical show The Weekly Show, which is now in its second series, and the TV documentary series The World's (Something) And Me, where he meets "the world's most extraordinary people", such as The World's Hairiest Person and The World's Strongest Child. This series has proved popular and has aired three seasons of documentaries.
Dolan first came to the public's attention in 2002 after writing and performing in a Comedy Lab entitled The Richard Taylor Interviews. 

In 2006, Dolan helped launch More4 as the host of The Last Word, a nightly topical discussion show. He has also fronted shows for E4, including its launch comedy series, Show Me The Funny, and provides his voice as presenter of a new series for Five called Urban Legends. Dolan is currently the presenter for Sky Movies' weekly movie-news show 35mm  and Channel 4's The Mad Bad Ad Show.

On 16 February 2013, Dolan took part in the fifth series of Let's Dance for Comic Relief as member of "Destiny's Dad" alongside fellow stand up comedians Hal Cruttenden and Shaun Keaveny.

In 2015, Dolan co-hosted "If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World" with British reality TV personality Katie Hopkins.

Stand-up comedy

Dolan started as a stand-up comedian in 2000, reaching the final of Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny competition in his first year of performing. He currently has a Saturday night residency at Soho’s Amused Moose Comedy Club.

At the Edinburgh Festival Mark in 2006, Dolan performed his new one-man show I’m Here To Help!, a format in which the audience submit their real problems at the start of the show, to be solved by Dolan, the rest of the audience, and his mother on the phone. I’m Here To Help! premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2007, at The Gilded Balloon.

Radio

With a background in radio, Dolan has stayed close to the medium in which his career began. Alongside the aforementioned C4 radio show, Dolan is a regular presenter on LBC radio and BBC London, as well as being a panellist on a wide variety of Radio 4 comedy shows including The Personality Test and the Jon Ronson Show.

Dolan has lent his voice to a range of television and radio programmes, including commercials. Dolan is currently developing I'm Here To Help! for TV, and recently finished the third series of Balls of Steel.

Dolan now presents a breakfast show on Fubar Radio, an uncensored radio station based in London.

Personal life

Dolan lives in Highgate with his wife and two sons. He supports Tottenham Hotspur.
Question:
‘Balls of ‘what’ is a UK television comedy series hosted by Mark Dolan?
Answer:
Steel
Passage:
Christopher Cross - Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do ...
Christopher Cross - Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do) - YouRepeat
Add our chrome extension to repeat YouTube videos at the click of a button
Christopher Cross - Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)
Choose your time range using the slider.
Start:
Use this link to share your repeat
GIF Creation Settings
Separate tags with commas or press enter (max 5 tags)
Quick GIF Create
Tears for Fears- Everybody Wants to Rule the World
Christopher Cross
Christopher Cross is an American singer-songwriter from San Antonio, Texas. His debut album earned him five Grammy Awards. He is perhaps best known for his US Top Ten hit songs, "Sailing", "Ride Like the Wind", and "Arthur's Theme", the latter recorded by him for the film Arthur, which starred Dudley Moore. "Sailing" earned three Grammys in 1981, while "Arthur's Theme" won the Oscar for Best Original Song in 1981.
Place of birth: San Antonio
Nationality: United States of America
Christopher Cross: An Evening with Christopher Cross
Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)
"Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" is a song performed and written by American singer-songwriter Christopher Cross, which was the main theme for the 1981 film Arthur starring Liza Minnelli and Dudley Moore. In the US, it reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and on the Hot Adult Contemporary charts during October 1981, remaining at the top on the Hot 100 for three consecutive weeks. Overseas, it also went to number one on the VG-lista chart in Norway and a top ten hit all around the world. The song became the second and last American number one hit by Christopher Cross.
Composer
Question:
What is the title of the song in the 1981 film ‘Arthur’ that won the Academy Award for Best Song?
Answer:
Best That You Can Do (Arthur’s Theme)
Passage:
Four-minute mile
In the sport of athletics, the four-minute mile means completing the mile run (1,760 yards, or 1,609.344 metres) in less than four minutes. It was first achieved in 1954 by Roger Bannister in 3:59.4.  The "four-minute barrier" has since been broken by many male athletes, and is now the standard of all male professional middle distance runners. In the last 50 years the mile record has been lowered by almost 17 seconds.  Running a mile in four minutes translates to a speed of 15 miles per hour (24.14 km/h, or 2:29.13 per kilometre, or 14.91 seconds per 100 metres).

Record holders

Breaking the four-minute barrier was first achieved on 6 May 1954 at Oxford University's Iffley Road Track, by Englishman Roger Bannister,  with the help of fellow-runners as pacemakers.    Two months later, during the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games hosted in Vancouver, B.C., two competing runners, Australia's John Landy and Bannister, ran the distance of one mile in under four minutes. The race's end is memorialised in a statue of the two (with Landy glancing over his shoulder, thus losing the race) placed in front of the Pacific National Exhibition entrance plaza.

New Zealand's John Walker, the first man to run the mile under 3:50, managed to run 135 sub-four-minute miles during his career (during which he was the first person to run over 100 sub-four-minute miles), and American Steve Scott has run the most sub-four-minute miles, with 136. Algeria's Noureddine Morceli was the first under 3:45.  Currently, the mile record is held by Morocco's Hicham El Guerrouj, who ran a time of 3:43.13 in Rome in 1999.

In 1964, America's Jim Ryun became the first high-school runner to break four minutes for the mile, running 3:59.0 as a junior and a then American record 3:55.3 as a senior in 1965.  Tim Danielson (1966) and Marty Liquori (1967) also came in under four minutes, but Ryun's high-school record stood until Alan Webb ran 3:53.43 in 2001.  Ten years later, in 2011, Lukas Verzbicas became the fifth high-schooler under four minutes.   In 2015, Matthew Maton and Grant Fisher became the sixth and seventh high-schoolers to break four minutes, both running 3:59.38 about a month apart.   Webb was the first high schooler to run sub-4 indoors, running 3:59.86 in early 2001.  On February 6, 2016, Andrew Hunter significantly improved upon Webb's mark, running 3:58.25 on the same New York Armory track  and 3:57.81 two weeks later.   Hunter achieved the 4 minute mile mark outdoors later in the season at the Prefontaine Classic.  At that same meet Michael Slagowski joined the list of high school athletes under 4 minutes. 

Another illustration of the progression of performance in the men's mile is that, in 1994, forty years after Bannister's breaking of the barrier, the Irish runner Eamonn Coghlan became the first man over the age of 40 to run a sub-four-minute mile.  Because Coghlan surpassed the mark indoors and before the IAAF validated indoor performances as being eligible for outdoor records, World Masters Athletics still had not recognised a sub-4-minute-mile performance as a record in the M40 division. Many elite athletes made the attempts to extend their careers beyond age 40 to challenge that mark. Over 18 years after Coghlan, that was finally achieved by UK's Anthony Whiteman, running 3:58.79 on 2 June 2012. 

No woman has yet run a four-minute mile. , the women's world record is held by retired Russian Svetlana Masterkova, with a time of 4:12.56 in 1996. 

In 1997, Daniel Komen of Kenya ran two miles in less than eight minutes, doubling up on Bannister's accomplishment.   He did it again in February 1998, falling just .3 behind his previous performance, still the only individual to accomplish the feat. 

Possible other claims 

James Parrott

Some sources (including Olympic medalist Peter Radford ) contend the first successful four-minute mile was run in London by James Parrott on 9 May 1770.   Parrott's route began on Goswell Road, before turning down Old Street, finishing at St Leonard's, Shoreditch. Although timing methods at this time were – following the invention of the chronometer by John Harrison – accurate enough to measure the four minutes correctly the record is not recognised by modern sporting bodies.  Neal Bascomb notes in The Perfect Mile that "even nineteenth-century historians cast a skeptical eye on the account." 

Glenn Cunningham

It is also reputed that Glenn Cunningham achieved a four-minute mile in a workout in the 1920s. In addition to being unsubstantiated, a workout run would not count as a record. 

Popular culture

In 1988, the ABC and the BBC co-produced The Four Minute Mile, a miniseries dramatisation of the race to the four-minute mile, featuring Richard Huw as Bannister and Nique Needles as John Landy (who was simultaneously pursuing the milestone). It was written by David Williamson and directed by Jim Goddard.

In 2004, Neal Bascomb wrote a book entitled The Perfect Mile about Roger Bannister, John Landy, and Wes Santee portraying their individual attempts to break the four-minute mile and the context of the sport of mile racing. A second film version (entitled Four Minutes) was made in 2005, starring Jamie Maclachlan as Bannister.

In June 2011 the watch used to time the original event was donated by Jeffrey Archer to a charity auction for Oxford University Athletics Club and sold for £97,250. 

In July 2016 the BBC released a documentary with firsthand interviews from Bannister and various other figures on the first sub-4 minute mile.
Question:
Who is popularly recognised as being the first person to run a mile in under 4 minutes?
Answer:
3 minute mile
Passage:
GPO Film Unit
The GPO Film Unit was a subdivision of the UK General Post Office. The unit was established in 1933, taking on responsibilities of the Empire Marketing Board Film Unit. Headed by John Grierson,  it was set up to produce sponsored documentary films mainly related to the activities of the GPO.

Among the films it produced were Harry Watt's and Basil Wright's Night Mail (1936), featuring music by Benjamin Britten and poetry by W. H. Auden, which is the best known. Directors who worked for the unit included Humphrey Jennings, Alberto Cavalcanti, Paul Rotha, Harry Watt, Basil Wright and a young Norman McLaren. Poet and memoirist Laurie Lee also worked as a scriptwriter in the unit from 1939-1940.

In 1940 the GPO Film Unit became the Crown Film Unit, under the control of the Ministry of Information.

In Autumn 2008 the British Film Institute issued a first collection of selected films from the Unit. Titled Addressing The Nation, it comprises fifteen titles from the years 1933 to 1935, including Song of Ceylon. A second volume, We Live In Two Worlds was released in February 2009, with 22 films covering the period 1936 to 1938, and includes Night Mail. A third (and final) volume, If War Should Come, appeared in July 2009 and includes London Can Take It!

Filmography
Question:
Which composer (1913 to 1976) wrote the music used in the 1936 GPO film 'Night Mail'?
Answer:
Britten, Benjamin
Passage:
Marmolada
Marmolada (Ladin: Marmoleda) is a mountain in northeastern Italy  and the highest mountain of the Dolomites (a section of the Alps). It lies between the borders of Trentino and Veneto.

Geography

The mountain is located about 100 kilometres north-northwest of Venice, from which it can be seen on a clear day. It consists of a ridge running west to east. Towards the south it breaks suddenly into sheer cliffs, forming a rock face several kilometres long. On the north side there is a comparatively flat glacier, the only large glacier in the Dolomites (the Marmolada Glacier, Ghiacciaio della Marmolada).

The ridge is composed of several summits, decreasing in altitude from west to east: Punta Penia (3,343 m), Punta Rocca (3,309 m), Punta Ombretta (3,230 m), Monte Serauta (3,069 m), and Pizzo Serauta (3,035 m). An aerial tramway goes to the top of Punta Rocca. During the ski season the Marmolada's main ski run is opened for skiers and snowboarders alike, making it possible to ski down into the valley.

History

Paul Grohmann made the first ascent in 1864, along the north route. The south face was climbed for the first time in 1901 by Beatrice Tomasson, Michele Bettega and Bartolo Zagonel.

Until the end of World War I the border between Austria-Hungary and Italy ran over Marmolada, so it formed part of the front line during that conflict. Austro-Hungarian soldiers were quartered in deep tunnels bored into the northern face's glacier, and Italian soldiers were quartered on the south face's rocky precipices.  As glaciers retreat, soldiers' remains and belongings are occasionally discovered.

Gallery

File:Marmolada_Sunset.jpg|Sunset
File:Marmolada_Massif.JPG
File:Canazei.jpg|Marmolada from Canazei
Question:
Monte Marmolada is the highest peak in which mountain range?
Answer:
Dolomite Alps
