Passage:
Audi and Volvo - Latin origin of the car company names ...
Audi and Volvo - Latin origin of the car company names - High Names
03.20.13 Posted in Naming blog by christa
Let’s get back to the car business. We know a lot of the car companies are named after their founders – the trend was spread worldwide from the earliest electric automobiles. These include Ford (after Henry Ford), Peugeot (after the Peugeot family), also later Bentley (after Walter Owen Bentley), Porsche (after Ferdinand Porsche). The trend is also present in Asia by car manufacturers like Toyota (after Kiichiro Toyoda) and Honda (after Soichiro Honda).
However, there are still original company names between the world-wide known brands in the car industry. The naming strategy is often so unique that they cannot be put in categories. But Audi and Volvo can. Can you guess what the connection between those two famous car companies is in terms of naming? Latin.
Volvo – on the different car company names
Despite that Volvo is a Swedish company the founders didn’t name the car Viking or Nordic or anything like that. They decided on the Latin word volvere, meaning to roll. It seems a logical word choice since the purpose of working on a Swedish car project was to build cars that could withstand the cold Scandinavian weather and uneven roads – basically a car that rolls. What they did is only conjugate the verb volvere in first person (because unlike in English many other languages use similar but still different words when saying I roll, you roll, etc) and voilà – you have Volvo. It’s like the car speaks to you – I roll.
Audi – on the translated car company names
The reason for naming the famous car company Audi isn’t that spontaneous compared to Volvo. The truth is that the founder August Horch (and no the AU in Audi doesn’t come from the first two letters of the founder’s name) had originally founded another car company named August Horch & Co. This happened in 1904 when the German engineer had quit working for Karl Benz. However, after some problems in the company, in 1909 Horch founded a second company – but his family name could not be used again as a name for the company because he didn’t have the rights on the company name. The story says that one of his business partners’ son came up with the name Audi. But this wasn’t a random Latin word that simply starts with the letter A (as you may know by now from our blog posts having a company name that starts with A is great because you get listed early in alphabetically ordered lists). If you speak German you’ll know that horch comes from the infinitive form of horchen and actually has a meaning – to listen (carefully). Now, can you guess what the Latin translation of horchen is? It’s audire – a verb that when conjugated in the same form as horch, becomes audi. The name seemed logical since August Horch could no longer use his own name. And a little more than 100 years later Audi is still one of the most popular names in the car industry.
Question:
Which car manufacturer's name is Latin for roll?
Answer:
Glossary of Volvo features
Passage:
Farthing (British coin)
The British farthing (¼d) coin, from "fourthing", was a unit of currency of one quarter of a penny, or one nine hundred and sixtieth of a pound sterling. It was minted in bronze, and replaced the earlier copper farthings. It was used during the reign of six monarchs: Victoria, Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII, George VI and Elizabeth II, ceasing to be legal tender in 1960. It featured two different designs on its reverse during its one hundred years in circulation: from 1860 until 1936, the image of Britannia; and from 1937 onwards, the image of a wren. Like all British coinage, it bore the portrait of the monarch on the obverse. 

Before Decimal Day in 1971, there were two hundred and forty pence in one pound sterling. There were four farthings in a penny, twelve pence made a shilling, and twenty shillings made a pound. Values less than a pound were usually written in terms of shillings and pence, e.g. three shillings and six pence (3/6), pronounced "three and six" or "three and sixpence". Values of less than a shilling were simply written in terms of pence, e.g. 8d, pronounced "eightpence". A price with a farthing in it would be written like this: (19/11¼), pronounced "nineteen and elevenpence farthing".

As of 2014, the purchasing power of a farthing in 1960 (at its demise) ranged between 2p and 7p (in 2014 GB Pound values). 

Design 

The original reverse of the coin, designed by Leonard Charles Wyon, is a seated Britannia, holding a trident, with the word  above. Issues before 1895 also feature a lighthouse to Britannia's left and a ship to her right. Various minor adjustments to the level of the sea depicted around Britannia, and the angle of her trident were also made over the years. Some issues feature toothed edges, while others feature beading.

Over the years, seven different obverses were used. Edward VII, George V, George VI and Elizabeth II each had a single obverse for farthings produced during their respective reigns. Over the long reign of Queen Victoria two different obverses were used, and the short reign of Edward VIII meant that no farthings bearing his likeness were ever issued.

The farthing was first issued with the so-called "bun head", or "draped bust" of Queen Victoria on the obverse. The inscription around the bust read  (abbreviated Latin: Victoria by the grace of God queen of Britain defender of the faith). This was replaced in 1895 by the "old head", or "veiled bust". The inscription on these coins read  (Victoria by the grace of God queen of Britain defender of the faith empress of India).

Coins issued during the reign of Edward VII feature his likeness and bear the inscription  (Edward VII by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India). Similarly, those issued during the reign of George V feature his likeness and bear the inscription  (George V by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India).

A farthing of King Edward VIII (1936) does exist, dated 1937, but technically it is a pattern coin i.e. one produced for official approval, which it would probably have been due to receive about the time that the King abdicated. The obverse shows a left-facing portrait of the king (who considered this to be his best side, and consequently broke the tradition of alternating the direction in which the monarch faces on coins — some viewed this as indicating bad luck for the reign); the inscription on the obverse is  (Edward VIII by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India).

The pattern coin of Edward VIII and regular-issue farthings of George VI and Elizabeth II feature a redesigned reverse displaying the wren, one of Britain's smallest birds.

George VI issue coins feature the inscription  (George VI by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India) before 1949, and  (George VI by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith) thereafter. Unlike the penny, farthings were minted throughout the early reign of Elizabeth II, bearing the inscription  (Elizabeth II by the grace of God queen of all Britain defender of the faith) in 1953, and  (Elizabeth II by the grace of God queen defender of the faith) thereafter.
 
OBVERSE DESIGNS

File:Victoria farthing.jpg|Victoria (old)
File:Victorianewfarthingobv.jpg|Victoria (new)
File:EdwardvIIfarthingobv.jpg|Edward VII
File:1919farthingobv.jpg|George V
File:1944farthingobv.jpg|George VI
File:Britfarthing1954obv.jpg|Elizabeth II

Mintages
Question:
Which bird was shown on the reverse side of a farthing
Answer:
Wren
Passage:
Muscovado
Muscovado, called Khaand in Hindi language, is a type of partially refined to unrefined brown sugar with a strong molasses content and flavour. It is technically considered either a non-centrifugal cane sugar or a centrifuged, partially refined sugar according to the process used by the manufacturer.  

Confusion has been created over the meaning of the term muscovado sugar, and as there is no legal definition or Protected Designation of Origin (PDO), different manufacturers are free to use the term loosely to describe any dark, molasses-rich sugar they produce. The term was originally coined in 17th- to 18th-century English to designate a poorly refined sugar that had retained too high a content of molasses and was deemed low quality.   

In a modern context muscovado is used to define sugar made from the juice of sugar cane by evaporation until crystallization occurs. This solution of crystals and mother liquor (molasses) is called massecuite. The massecuite is set into moulds directly, granulated in cooling pans by shear action (either the traditional manual method or through use of a spray drier) or sent to a centrifuge to separate a crystal-rich mush that is drained of its molasses in a vessel under gravity.    

Currently there are two localities still producing a commercial sugar termed muscovado, Mauritius and the Philippines. Muscovado from Mauritius is produced by centrifuged massecuite left to drain naturally of its molasses, whilst Filipino muscovado may be generated from any of the three methods. 

There is some effort being made to clean up the terminology of sugars produced over the world as there are various synonyms used to describe unrefined through poorly refined to partially refined sugars with high molasses content and a dark colour made from sugar cane, such as panela (Colombia, Ecuador, Guatemala, Argentina), rapadura (Brazil), chancaca (Chile, Peru, Bolivia), piloncillo (Mexico), muscovado (Philippines, Mauritius), panocha (Philippines), raspadura (Panama), kokuto (Japan), jaggery (India, South Africa, Kenya, Nigeria) and papelon (Venezuela) 

History

Also known as "Barbados sugar", "molasses sugar" or "moist sugar", muscovado sugar is an English corruption of the Spanish azúcar mascabado or the Portuguese açúcar mascavado,  meaning sugar of the lowest quality or lowest value.  The name and meaning is tied to the state of sugar production and markets of the late 18th to earliest 19th century, when sugar that had been less refined was considered an inferior product by the industry; thus muscovado meant literally a low quality sugar that was poorly drained of its molasses.

Throughout the British Empire sugars that had been refined enough to lose most of their molasses content were termed raw and deemed higher quality, while most poor quality sugars with a high molasses content were usually referred to as muscovado, though the term "brown sugar" was occasionally used interchangeably.  Sugar in the 19th century was produced through a variety of methods ranging from traditional, outdated practices, through to more modern, industrialized methods which incorporated the latest technology, such as vacuum pans and centrifuges.   Sugar imported into Britain from its colonies (the West Indies, Mauritius and India) or from foreign markets (Cuba, Java, Brazil, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, Réunion, Louisiana or the French West Indies) was brought to port in a variety of purities that could be sold either as raw sugar direct to market or as muscovado bound for a British refinery such as those in Glasgow or London. Sugar refinement had reached a zenith in Britain (and also, incidentally, in Louisiana), so expensive industrial equipment did not need to be installed in the colonies. In the early 19th century muscovado sugar was being produced in Mauritius from centrifuges and sent to conical moulds, in which molasses dripped from the sugar crystals under gravity. At the same time muscovado was being produced in the West Indies by primitive shearing action (feet stamping into barrels) on clarified, evaporated cane juice. Both of these are examples of the divergent production methods used to make muscovado sugar.

Uses

Muscovado is very dark brown and slightly coarser and stickier than most brown sugars. Muscovado takes its flavor and color from its source, sugarcane juice. It offers good resistance to high temperatures and has a reasonably long shelf life. It is commonly used in baking recipes and making rum. Muscovado sugar can be used in most recipes where brown sugar is called for, by slightly reducing the liquid content of the recipe. 

Muscovado sugar  has 11 calories/ 4 grams (approx. 1 tsp). When produced under regulated conditions, it is nutritionally richer than other brown sugars or refined sugar, and retains most of the natural minerals inherent in sugarcane juice, as shown in this chart: 

Mineral content of muscovado sugar (per 100 g):
* Total mineral salts 740 mg max.
* Phosphorus (P) 3.9 mg max.
* Calcium (Ca) 85 mg max.
* Magnesium (Mg) 23 mg max.
* Potassium (K) 100 mg max.
* Iron (Fe) 1.3 mg max.

This unrefined sugar can be used in coffee and other beverages, and was one of the most prominent export commodities of the Philippines, especially from the Negros region from the 19th century until the late 1970s.  The production of muscovado sugar in the Philippines, Barbados, and elsewhere had experienced a long period of decline when large mills took over sugar production from small farmers with small mills until consumer interest in healthy and organic foods revived interest in muscovado sugar, creating a new market for muscovado sugar production from small mills.
Question:
What colour is muscovado sugar
Answer:
Orangeish blacks
Passage:
Cock Robin
"Who Killed Cock Robin" is an English nursery rhyme, which has been much used as a murder archetype in world culture. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 494.

Lyrics

The earliest record of the rhyme is in Tommy Thumb's Pretty Song Book, published c. 1744, which noted only the first four verses. The extended version given below was not printed until c. 1770.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 130–3.

Who killed Cock Robin?
I, said the Sparrow,
with my bow and arrow,
I killed Cock Robin.

Who saw him die?
I, said the Fly,
with my little eye,
I saw him die.

Who caught his blood?
I, said the Fish,
with my little dish,
I caught his blood.

Who'll make the shroud?
I, said the Beetle,
with my thread and needle,
I'll make the shroud.

Who'll dig his grave?
I, said the Owl,
with my little trowel,
I'll dig his grave.

Who'll be the parson?
I, said the Rook,
with my little book,
I'll be the parson.

Who'll be the clerk?
I, said the Lark,
if it's not in the dark,
I'll be the clerk.

Who'll carry the link?
I, said the Linnet,
I'll fetch it in a minute,
I'll carry the link.

Who'll be chief mourner?
I, said the Dove,
I mourn for my love,
I'll be chief mourner.

Who'll carry the coffin?
I, said the Kite,
if it's not through the night,
I'll carry the coffin.

Who'll bear the pall?
We, said the Wren,
both the cock and the hen,
We'll bear the pall.

Who'll sing a psalm?
I, said the Thrush,
as she sat on a bush,
I'll sing a psalm.

Who'll toll the bell?
I said the Bull,
because I can pull,
I'll toll the bell.

All the birds of the air
fell a-sighing and a-sobbing,
when they heard the bell toll
for poor Cock Robin.

The rhyme has been often reprinted with illustrations, as suitable reading material for small children. The rhyme also has an alternative ending, in which the sparrow who killed cock robin is hanged for his crime.  Several early versions picture a stocky, strong-billed bullfinch tolling the bell, which may have been the original intention of the rhyme. 

Origin and meaning

Although the song was not recorded until the mid-eighteenth century,  there is some evidence that it might be much older. The death of a robin by an arrow is depicted in a 15th-century stained glass window at Buckland Rectory, Gloucestershire,  and the rhyme is similar to a story, Phyllyp Sparowe, written by John Skelton about 1508. The use of the rhyme 'owl' with 'shovel', could suggest that it was originally used in older middle English pronunciation. Versions of the story appear to exist in other countries, including Germany.

A number of theories have been advanced to explain the meaning of the rhyme:
* According to Celtic calendar traditions, Lugh is the sun god who dies as the nights get longer after the summer solstice; a traditional feast in his honour was held on Lughnasadh or "Lammas" day on the first of August, a day marked in the old Celtic pictographic calendar with a bow-and-arrow shape. As Lugh was the primary god representing the red sun, his name in common parlance would have been "Coch Rhi Ben" anglicised to "Cock Robin" – a leftover from the belief that souls became birds after death. This idea is still sustained in the old folk song "Who Killed Cock Robin" in which the sparrow kills him with "my bow and arrow", the sparrow here representing Bran, the tanist incarnation or opposite of Lugh – the god of winter. (Via www.lablit.com/article/341)
* The rhyme records a mythological event, such as the death of the god Balder from Norse mythology, or the ritual sacrifice of a king figure, as proposed by early folklorists as in the 'Cutty Wren' theory of a 'pagan survival'.  
* It is a parody of the death of King William II, who was killed by an arrow while hunting in the New Forest (Hampshire) in 1100, and who was known as William Rufus, meaning "red". 
* The rhyme is connected with the fall of Robert Walpole's government in 1742, since Robin is a diminutive form of Robert and the first printing is close to the time of the events mentioned.

All of these theories are based on perceived similarities in the text to legendary or historical events, or on the similarities of names. Peter Opie pointed out that an existing rhyme could have been adapted to fit the circumstances of political events in the eighteenth century.

The theme of Cock Robin's death as well as the poem's distinctive cadence have become archetypes, much used in literary fiction and other works of art, from poems, to murder mysteries, to cartoons.

Notes
Question:
In the nursery rhyme Who Killed Cock Robin, which animal dug the grave?
Answer:
OWL
Passage:
Canal Turn
The Canal Turn is a fence on Aintree Racecourse's National Course and thus is jumped during the Grand National steeplechase which is held annually at the racecourse, located near Liverpool, England. Named for the Leeds & Liverpool Canal which passes alongside the racecourse at this point, it is jumped twice during the race, as the eighth and 24th fences.

The fence is notable for the sharp left turn that the runners have to take as soon as they have negotiated the fence. The turn is almost 90 degrees and it is not uncommon for jockeys to become unbalanced as they change course; unseatings and falls are common. Seven equine fatalities have been recorded at the Canal Turn in Grand Nationals since the race was first run officially in 1839; the most recent death was that of The Last Fling in 2002.

The Canal Turn has been the scene of a number of incidents that have had a major impact upon the outcome of the Grand National. In 1928, the favourite and top-weight Easter Hero refused at the ditch which at the time preceded the fence (this was filled in following the race). This refusal took out 20 horses. By the end of the first circuit only six horses remained in the field. By the final fence just two remained. Billy Barton fell at the last, leaving the 100/1 outsider Tipperary Tim to finish alone. Billy Barton was, however, remounted to pick up the second-place prize money.

In the 2001 Grand National the riderless Paddy's Return ran in front of the field as they approached the fence. This caused a number of horses to be stopped in their tracks or brought down. In total nine horses in the field were taken out of the race at the Canal Turn, including Amberleigh House, who went on to win the National in 2004. On the final lap Paddy's Return again ran across the fence, but this time Red Marauder, the eventual winner, and Smarty, who eventually took second, avoided the loose horse.

The 2015 Grand National saw the fence bypassed for the first time on the final lap as vets treated Balthazar King, who was injured in a fall on the first lap.

Number of fallers

This table documents the number of runners which fell in recent Grand Nationals at the Canal Turn, including those who unseated riders or were brought down, but not those who were pulled up or refused at the fence:

* 1993 race void.
† Fence was only jumped once in 2015.
Question:
Foinaven, Valentines and the Canal Turn are all features of which British racecourse?
Answer:
Aintree railway stations
Passage:
B&Q
B&Q plc, originally known as Block & Quayle, is a British multinational DIY and home improvement retailing company with headquarters in Eastleigh, England, United Kingdom. Founded by Richard Block & David Quayle in 1969, it is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingfisher plc. 

B&Q currently has stores in mainland China, Ireland and Taiwan, as well as the United Kingdom. It is the largest DIY retail chain in China and the United Kingdom. It is the second largest in Europe, and the fourth largest in the world (behind the Home Depot, Lowe's & OBI). 

History

1969 to 2000

B&Q was founded in March 1969 in Southampton, England, by Richard Block & David Quayle. The first store opened in the Southampton suburb of Portswood,  and was originally called Block & Quayle, soon shortened to B&Q.  The chain quickly expanded, and by 1979 there were 26 stores across the United Kingdom, by which time the first of the co-founders had left the business: Block left in 1976 & Quayle in 1982. 

B&Q grew rapidly through a combination of mergers, acquisitions and expansions. In 1980, B&Q bought the Hampshire-based company Dodge City, and was itself acquired by the F. W. Woolworth Company. 
F. W. Woolworth's United Kingdom subsidiary (Woolworth's Ltd.) and B&Q were bought two years later by Paternoster, now known as Kingfisher plc and still B&Q's parent company.  In the late 1980s, B&Q purchased Timberland DIY, based in the North East.

B&Q developed two new trading formats: HomeCentres, retailing furniture, bathrooms, soft furniture, flooring and lighting; and AutoCentres, being similar to a Halfords, the first launch taking place at Cribbs Causeway, Bristol, in the late 1980s. The concept being to have a HomeCentre, AutoCentre and DIY Superstore with one communal car park. The forays into these new markets were relatively short lived, and the various sites were sold on a couple of years later. The AutoCentres becoming in the main 'Charlie Browns', the HomeCentres being sold off individually.

In the mid–1990s, B&Q opened a new format of store known as the Depot (later changed to B&Q Depot),  a forerunner of a new class of store known as the B&Q Warehouse. The company also began to expand outside the United Kingdom. 

In 1995, it co-operated with parent company Kingfisher plc to open its first overseas subsidiary in Taiwan,  and in January 1996, the first overseas large home improvement center in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. In September 1998, it acquired NOMI, Poland's leading chain of DIY stores,  and later that year merged with France's Castorama.  The following year, B&Q opened a store in Shanghai,  and acquired the British hardware company Screwfix.

2000 to present

B&Q opened its first store in Hong Kong on 1 June 2007,  but was scheduled to close it on 13 September 2009.   In December 2007, Kingfisher sold its 50 per cent stake in B&Q Taiwan to its joint venture partner. The $106.5 million (£52 million) proceeds were used to reduce debt. 

In March 2009, B&Q closed 22 of its then 63 stores in China, blaming the housing slump.  In May 2011, B&Q agreed to acquire 31 stores in the United Kingdom, from the administrators of Focus DIY for £23M.   During 2011, B&Q opened a new regional distribution centre, at G.Park in Swindon. 

On 31 January 2013, B&Q Ireland Ltd. filed for examinership in the Irish courts and PWC Ireland was appointed examiner.   B&Q Ireland stores will continue to trade as normal for the next 100 days until a suitable buyer is found or alternative financing arrangements can be made. Gift vouchers will continue to be honoured in stores and its 700 staff will continue to be paid.  It is proposed to close two of the nine Irish stores – in Waterford and Athlone.  B&Q Ireland had made a loss in each of the preceding six years. 

Criticism

In June 2001, in Poole, Dorset, 69–year–old customer Pamela Jean Hinchliffe was fatally crushed by a forklift at the firm's Fleetsbridge store. In June 2004, B&Q were found guilty of causing death, and the following month they received a fine of £550,000. However, in September 2005, their legal costs were reduced on appeal. 

In November 2002, Damian Nicholls, the forklift driver, was prosecuted by the Crown Prosecution Service, at Winchester Crown Court. On 16 June 2001, the court was told that Nicholls had hit some pallets, and a colleague commented that he would "end up killing someone". He was acquitted of manslaughter, and of causing death by dangerous driving. However, in October 2005, Nicholls' fine was reduced, again on appeal.

Stores

By 2000, B&Q had 51 of its larger Warehouse stores; this had doubled by 2003. By 3 May 2014, B&Q in the United Kingdom had 359 stores, and 20,887 employees.  In Ireland B&Q operate 9 individual stores. 
Its 2004/2005 turnover was £4.1 billion and profit £400.5 million, 
compared to published figures putting turnover at £3.9 billion and profit at £162.9 million for year ending February 2007. 

In March 2015, Kingfisher said it would close 60 B&Q stores, in the United Kingdom & Ireland over the next two years. It would also close a few loss making stores in Europe. It also said that B&Q UK & Ireland could adequately meet local customer needs, from fewer stores, and some stores should be smaller.
Question:
Richard Block and David Quayle founded which British-based DIY retailing company in 1969?
Answer:
B & Q
Passage:
Guy Garvey
Guy Edward John Garvey (born 6 March 1974)   is an English singer, songwriter and BBC 6 Music presenter. He is the lead singer and principal songwriter of the alternative rock band Elbow.

Early life

Garvey grew up in a middle class family in Bury, Lancashire (now Greater Manchester). His father spent most of his working life as a newspaper proofreader, later joining ICI as a chemist; his mother was a police officer before becoming a psychologist. One of seven siblings, Garvey has five older sisters — Gina, Louise, Sam, Karen and Becky — whilst his younger brother is actor Marcus Garvey.

Career

In the early 90s, while at sixth-form college in Bury, Garvey formed Elbow with Mark and Craig Potter, Pete Turner, and Richard Jupp. He serves as the main songwriter and lyricist of Elbow, and has been widely praised for his songwriting throughout his career. As well as vocal duties Garvey has also played a wide variety of instruments live including both electric and acoustic guitar, trumpet, and various forms of percussion. Elbow won two Ivor Novello awards for best song writing for the 2008 single "Grounds for Divorce" as well as best contemporary song for "One Day Like This".  He was awarded a lifetime achievement honour by the Radio Academy in 2014.  In the same year, he also featured on the re-launched Band Aid charity's single to raise funds for the Ebola crisis in Africa. Garvey, with Elbow, was commissioned by the BBC to write the theme song for the 2012 London Olympics and Elbow performed this song, "First Steps" at the closing ceremony of the Olympics. 

Amongst other work, Garvey produced and recorded the I Am Kloot album Natural History (2001). Alongside Elbow keyboard player Craig Potter he also produced I Am Kloot's single "Maybe I Should" (2005, not associated with any album), their Mercury Music Prize nominated 2010 album Sky at Night and their 2013 album Let It All In. Elbow were themselves Mercury Music Prize nominees, in 2011, for the album Build a Rocket Boys! and won the prize in 2008 for their album "The Seldom Seen Kid".  In addition, Garvey made an appearance on Massive Attack's 2010 album record Heligoland.

He is a member of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA).  In April 2012 Garvey became a patron of the [http://www.craftanddesign.com/ Manchester Craft and Design Centre]. In recognition of his outstanding contribution to music he received, in July of the same year, an honorary doctorate from Manchester Metropolitan University, to become a Doctor of Arts. 

Garvey has been a presenter on BBC 6 Music for over five years  (Sunday afternoon 2 pm to 4 pm, British time) and previously presented a show on Sunday evenings on XFM.  
He had a monthly column in the now-defunct listings magazine City Life and is a patron of the Mines Advisory Group (MAG),  the Manchester-based charity responsible for clearing war zones of mines and munitions worldwide.

In 2015 Garvey presented Music Box, an iPlayer-exclusive series covering emerging and established bands. Garvey has also read several children's stories for the CBeebies "Bedtime Stories" program on the BBC.

In 2015 Garvey announced that he would be releasing his first solo studio album while continuing his duties as Elbow's lead songwriter. The resulting album, Courting the Squall, was released on 30 October 2015 by Polydor Records in the UK.   On 27 October 2015 Garvey appeared on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, where he performed "Angela's Eyes" and "Belly of the Whale". 

Personal life

Garvey was in a long-term relationship with writer Emma Jane Unsworth until 2012. He began dating actress Rachael Stirling in 2015.  Garvey and Stirling married in June 2016 at Manchester Town Hall. 

Discography

With Elbow

*Asleep in the Back (2001)
*Cast of Thousands (2003)
*Leaders of the Free World (2005)
*The Seldom Seen Kid (2008)
*Build a Rocket Boys! (2011)
*The Take Off and Landing of Everything (2014)

Solo

*Courting the Squall (2015)
Question:
Guy Garvey is the lead vocalist of which award-winning Bury-based band?
Answer:
Elbows
Passage:
How did the planet Pluto get its name? | Reference.com
How did the planet Pluto get its name? | Reference.com
How did the planet Pluto get its name?
A:
Quick Answer
Following the tradition of naming planets after ancient Roman gods, Pluto derives its name from the Roman god of the underworld. The Lowell Observatory named the planet after receiving the suggestion from 11-year-old Venetia Burney of Oxford, England. Pluto officially received its name on March 24, 1930.
Full Answer
The Lowell Observatory received over 1,000 suggested names for the planet. Burney initially suggested the name to her grandfather, who passed the suggestion along to an astronomer. The astronomer,  Herbert Hall Turner, passed the name on to astronomers at Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz. The name Pluto was selected unanimously from a short list, which also included the suggested names Minerva and Cronus.
Pluto's moons are named after figures associated with the god Pluto. Charon, the first discovered of Pluto's moons, is named after the boatman of the Roman underworld who ferries the souls of the dead across the river to the underworld. Discovered decades later, the moons Nix and Hydra are named after Charon's mother and the multi-head guardian of the underworld, respectively. Subsequently discovered moons are named after Kerberos, a three-headed dog from Greek mythology, and Styx, the name of the river across which Charon ferries souls to the underworld.
While Pluto is the generally accepted name of the planet, some languages use the name of underworld figures from different traditions. Some East Asian languages call the planet Meiosei. In Hindi the planet is called Yama, while in Maori the planet is referred to as Whiro.
Question:
Where did Pluto, discovered in 1930 (and designated a planet at the time), get its name?
Answer:
Legends from greece
Passage:
Richard Poole (character)
Detective Inspector Richard Poole is a character in the crime drama television series Death in Paradise, portrayed by Ben Miller.

A British inspector assigned to Saint Marie to investigate the previous inspector's murder, Poole was instructed to remain on the island as the new police detective. Despite his distaste for the island and inexperience with tropical weather - to the point where he continued to wear his old suits - he often showed a useful knack for making deductive leaps based on minimal information and random events, and favoured making arrests by addressing all the suspects at once before identifying the killer. In series 2 he grew slightly more relaxed. He recommended Fidel for the sergeant's exam. Poole briefly returned to London, but in spite of his distaste for Saint Marie, he chose to return. Richard was murdered in the first episode of Series 3, at a Cambridge university reunion, by Helen Reid, when he threatened to expose her identity theft, and was replaced by DI Humphrey Goodman.

Poole is an "English eccentric with a hatred for island life".  According to Michael Hogan, Poole "harrumphs around Hugh Grant-ishly in his uptight Brit suit and carries a briefcase, endlessly dabbing at his forehead with a hankie." Hogan goes on to argue that Poole is a "bland blend of several dozen "quirky" screen sleuths: a bit of Morse here, a dash of Columbo there, a pinch of Precious Ramotswe and a lug of Jonathan Creek to taste."
Question:
Who plays Detective Inspector Richard Poole in the crime drama 'Death in Paradise'?
Answer:
Ben Miller
Passage:
The Wise Little Hen
The Wise Little Hen is a Walt Disney's Silly Symphonies cartoon, based on the fairy tale The Little Red Hen. This cartoon marked the debut of Donald Duck, dancing to the Sailor's Hornpipe. Donald and his friend Peter Pig try to avoid work by faking stomach aches until Mrs. Hen teaches them the value of labor. This cartoon was released on June 9, 1934. It was animated by Art Babbitt, Dick Huemer, Clyde Geronimi, Louie Schmitt, and Frenchy de Tremaudan (with assistance from a group of junior animators headed by Ben Sharpsteen)  and directed by Wilfred Jackson.  It was also adapted as a Sunday comic strip by Ted Osborne and Al Taliaferro. 

Plot

The Wise Little Hen of the title is looking for someone to help her plant her corn. Peter Pig and Donald Duck both feign belly aches to get out of the chore. So, with help from her chicks, she plants it herself. Harvest time comes; again, Peter and Donald claim belly aches, but the hen sees through this. She cooks up a variety of corn dishes, and heads over to Peter and Donald to help her eat them, but before she can open her mouth, they already fake their belly aches. Once she asks, they are miraculously "cured" but all she gives them is castor oil, to teach them a lesson. As the hen eats the corn herself, Peter and Donald, with nothing but an appetite, repent with all their might by kicking each other.

Cast

* Florence Gill - the Wise Little Hen (She only properly speaks in her sung lines when she asks Peter or/and Donald if they will "Help her plant, harvest or eat her corn")
* Clarence Nash - Donald Duck, Peter Pig

Other references

This short was one of the many featured in Donald Duck's 50th Birthday.

Home video releases

* Donald Duck Volume 1 (Betamax) 1986
* Mickey Mouse & Donald Duck Volume 2 (VHS, Laserdisc) 1989
* Donald Duck's 50 Birthday (VHS, Laserdisc) 1991
* The Chronological Donald Volume 1 (DVD) 2005
* Walt Disney's Timeless Tales Volume 3: Casey at the Bat/Little Hiwatha/Morris the Midget Moose (DVD) 2006
* Walt Disney Animation Collection: Classic Short Films Volume 5: Wind in the Willows (DVD) 2009

Adaptations

There was an adaptation story to the cartoon called "Mrs. Cackles's Corn" from Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories. There are a couple of differences like instead of Donald Duck and Peter Pig, they use Daniel Duck and Podgo Pig in the story, the hen is called Mrs. Cackle, and Clara Cluck is telling the story.
Question:
Which cartoon character first appeared in an animated feature called The Wise Little Hen ?
Answer:
Donald Duck
Passage:
Bingo (folk song)
"Bingo", also known as "Bingo Was His Name-O", "There Was a Farmer Who Had a Dog", and  "C'era un contadino che aveva un cagnolino di nome Bingolino" in Italy, is an English language children's song of obscure origin. Additional verses are sung by omitting the first letter sung in the previous verse and clapping instead of actually saying the word. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 589. 

Lyrics

The contemporary version generally goes as follows: 

There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
B-I-N-G-O
B-I-N-G-O
B-I-N-G-O
And Bingo was his name-o.

There was a farmer had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
(clap)-I-N-G-O
(clap)-I-N-G-O
(clap)-I-N-G-O
And Bingo was his name-o.

There was a farmer had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
(clap)-(clap)-N-G-O
(clap)-(clap)-N-G-O
(clap)-(clap)-N-G-O
And Bingo was his name-o.

There was a farmer had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-G-O
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-G-O
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-G-O
And Bingo was his name-o.

There was a farmer had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-O
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-O
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-O
And Bingo was his name-o.

There was a farmer had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)
(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)-(clap)
And Bingo was his name-o.

Earlier forms

The earliest reference to any form of the song is from the title of a piece of sheet music published in 1780, which attributed the song to William Swords, an actor at the Haymarket Theatre of London.   Early versions of the song were variously titled "The Farmer's Dog Leapt o'er the Stile", "A Franklyn's Dogge", or "Little Bingo".

An early transcription of the song (without a title) dates from the 1785 songbook "The Humming Bird",  and reads: This is how most people know the traditional children's song:

The farmer's dog leapt over the stile,
his name was little Bingo,
the farmer's dog leapt over the stile,
his name was little Bingo.
B with an I — I with an N,
N with a G — G with an O;
his name was little Bingo:
B—I—N—G—O!
His name was little Bingo.

The farmer loved a cup of good ale,
he called it rare good stingo,
the farmer loved a cup of good ale,
he called it rare good stingo.
S—T with an I — I with an N,
N with a G — G with an O;
He called it rare good stingo:
S—T—I—N—G—O!
He called it rare good stingo

And is this not a sweet little song?
I think it is —— by jingo.
And is this not a sweet little song?
I think it is —— by jingo.
J with an I — I with an N,
N with a G — G with an O;
I think it is —— by jingo:
J—I—N—G—O!
I think it is —— by jingo.

A similar transcription exists from 1840, as part of The Ingoldsby Legends, the transcribing of which is credited in part to a "Mr. Simpkinson from Bath". This version drops several of the repeated lines found in the 1785 version and the transcription uses more archaic spelling and the first lines read "A franklyn's dogge" rather than "The farmer's dog".  A version similar to the Ingoldsby one (with some spelling variations) was also noted from 1888. 

The presence of the song in the United States was noted by Robert M. Charlton in 1842.  English folklorist Alice Bertha Gomme recorded eight forms in 1894. Highly-differing versions were recorded in Monton, Shropshire, Liphook and Wakefield, Staffordshire, Nottinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Derbyshire and Enborne. All of these versions were associated with children's games, the rules differing by locality.  Early versions of "Bingo" were also noted as adult drinking songs.

Variations on the lyrics refer to the dog variously as belonging to a miller or a shepherd, and/or named "Bango" or "Pinto". In some variants, variations on the following third stanza are added:

The farmer loved a pretty young lass, 
and gave her a wedding-ring-o.
R with an I — I with an N,
N with a G — G with an O;
(etc.)

This stanza is placed before or substituted for the stanza starting with "And is this not a sweet little song?"

Versions that are variations on the early version of "Bingo" have been recorded in classical arrangements by Frederick Ranalow (1925), John Langstaff (1952), and Richard Lewis (1960). Under the title "Little Bingo", a variation on the early version was recorded twice by folk singer Alan Mills, on Animals, Vol. 1 (1956) and on 14 Numbers, Letters, and Animal Songs (1972).

The song should not be confused with the 1961 UK hit pop song "Bingo, Bingo (I'm In Love)" by Dave Carey, which originated as a jingle for pirate station Radio Luxembourg.
Question:
Finish this line from a popular kids’ song: “There was a farmer had a dog, and ____ was his name-o!”
Answer:
Bingo
Passage:
I'll Never Fall in Love Again
"I'll Never Fall in Love Again" is a popular song by the composer Burt Bacharach and the lyricist Hal David. Originally written for the 1968 musical Promises, Promises, the song's narrator ruminates on the various troubles that falling in love brings. The song charted at #93 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 during the summer of 1969.  The song was nominated for Song of the Year in the 1969 Grammy awards.

In January 1970, the song was a number six hit on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and a number-one hit for three weeks on the Easy Listening chart for Dionne Warwick.  Warwick's version, arranged and produced by Bacharach and recorded in 1969 with the session musician Gary Chester on drums, also reached number three on the Canadian Chart and crossed over into the Top 20 R&B Chart and became an international million seller. It also spent four weeks at number one on the Canadian Adult Contemporary chart.  Warwick's album of the same name containing the single won a 1971 Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance-Female.

The song has charted with various other artists. Bobbie Gentry's reached number one on the UK Singles Chart for a single week in October 1969.  Ella Fitzgerald's became a minor hit in September 1969 and charted briefly. It was also the best-charting single in a cover version for the Scottish band Deacon Blue, peaking at number two in the UK Singles Chart in 1990.

Chart performance

Weekly singles charts

Year-end charts

Cover versions

Apart from the above versions, this song has been covered many times:
*Herb Alpert
*Liz Anderson (reached #56 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1972)
*Chet Atkins
*Shirley Bassey (on her 1969 album Does Anybody Miss Me)
*Deacon Blue (#2 UK, #2 IRL) on their EP Four Bacharach & David Songs in 1990 
*The Carpenters
*Mary Chapin Carpenter
*Elvis Costello & Burt Bacharach (featured in the 1999 movie Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me)
*The Dells
*Ella Fitzgerald
*Bobbie Gentry – Touch 'Em with Love (1969), Fancy (1970)
*Anita Harris
*Emmylou Harris (on her 1969 album Gliding Bird)
*Isaac Hayes (on his 1971 album Black Moses)
*Sean Hayes and Kristin Chenoweth
*Bradley Joseph
*Ronan Keating on the album When Ronan Met Burt (2011)
*Mark Lindsay (on his 1970 album Arizona)
*Johnny Mathis
*Liza Minnelli
*Anne Murray
*Trijntje Oosterhuis
*Patti Page
*Evan Rachel Wood (part of the 2015 movie Strange Magic)
*The Real Group
*Sitti
*Catherine Spaak & Johnny Dorelli
*Tok Tok Tok
*Ornella Vanoni
*Dionne Warwick (#6 US, #3 Canada, #17 US R&B, #1 US Adult Contemporary)
*The Whitlams
*Wilson Simonal (Brazilian singer on the album "Mexico 70")
*Elvis Presley
*Chord Overstreet and Lea Michele in the season six episode of Glee, "What the World Needs Now"
Question:
"Which female singer had a number 1 hit record with ""I'll never fall in love again""which topped the charts in August 1969 ?"
Answer:
BOBBY GENTRY
Passage:
Risotto
Risotto ( or) is a northern Italian rice dish cooked in a broth to a creamy consistency. The broth can be derived from meat, fish, or vegetables. Many types of risotto contain butter, wine, and onion. It is one of the most common ways of cooking rice in Italy.

Risotto in Italy is normally a primo (first course), served on its own before the main course, but risotto alla milanese,, is often served together with ossobuco alla milanese.

Rice varieties

A high-starch (amylopectin), low-amylose round medium- or short- grain white rice is usually used for making risotto. Such rices have the ability to absorb liquids and to release starch and so they are stickier than the long grain varieties. The principal varieties used in Italy are Arborio, Baldo, Carnaroli, Maratelli, Padano, Roma, and Vialone Nano.  Carnaroli, Maratelli (historical Italian variety) and Vialone Nano are considered to be the best (and most expensive) varieties, with different users preferring one over another. They have slightly different properties. For example, Carnaroli is less likely than Vialone Nano to get overcooked, but the latter, being smaller, cooks faster and absorbs condiments better. Other varieties like Roma, Baldo, Ribe and Originario may be used but will not have the creaminess of the traditional dish. These varieties are considered better for soups and other non-risotto rice dishes and for making sweet rice desserts. Rice designations of Superfino, Semifino and Fino refer to the size and shape (specifically the length and the narrowness) of the grains, and not the quality.

Basic preparation

There are many different risotto recipes with different ingredients, but they are all based on rice of an appropriate variety, cooked in a standard procedure.

The rice is first cooked briefly in a soffritto of onion and, butter or olive oil, to coat each grain in a film of fat, called tostatura; white or red wine is added and must be absorbed by the grains. When it has evaporated, then the heat is raised to medium high, and very hot stock is gradually added in small amounts, while the concoction is stirred gently, almost constantly: stirring loosens the starch molecules from the outside of the rice grains into the surrounding liquid, creating a smooth creamy-textured liquid. At that point, the pot is taken off the heat for the mantecatura (the point when diced cold butter is vigorously stirred in), to make the texture as creamy and smooth as possible. It may be removed from the heat a few minutes earlier and left to cook with its residual heat.

Properly cooked risotto is rich and creamy, but has some resistance or bite (al dente) and separate grains. The traditional texture is fairly fluid, or all'onda ("wavy, or flowing in waves"). It is served on flat dishes and should easily spread out but not have excess watery liquid around the perimeter. It must be eaten at once, as it continues to cook in its own heat and can become too dry with the grains too soft.

Italian regional variations

Many variations have their own names:
Question:
Risotto is usually made with which type of rice?
Answer:
Arborio
