Passage:
Icosahedron
In geometry, an icosahedron ( or) is a polyhedron with 20 faces. The name comes . The plural can be either "icosahedra" or "icosahedrons".

There are many kinds of icosahedra, with some being more symmetrical than others. The best known is the Platonic, convex regular icosahedron.

Regular icosahedra

There are two objects, one convex and one concave, that can both be called regular icosahedra. Each has 30 edges and 20 equilateral triangle faces with five meeting at each of its twelve vertices. Both have icosahedral symmetry. The term "regular icosahedron" generally refers to the convex variety, while the nonconvex form is called a great icosahedron.

Convex regular icosahedron

The convex regular icosahedron is usually referred to simply as the regular icosahedron, one of the five regular Platonic solids, and is represented by its Schläfli symbol {3, 5}, containing 20 triangular faces, with 5 faces meeting around each vertex.

Its dual polyhedron is the regular dodecahedron {5, 3} having three regular pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Great icosahedron

The great icosahedron is one of the four regular star Kepler-Poinsot polyhedra. Its Schläfli symbol is {3, }. Like the convex form, it also has 20 equilateral triangle faces, but its vertex figure is a pentagram rather than a pentagon, leading to geometrically intersecting faces. The intersections of the triangles do not represent new edges.

Its dual polyhedron is the great stellated dodecahedron (, 3), having three regular star pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Stellated icosahedra

Stellation is the process of extending the faces or edges of a polyhedron until they meet to form a new polyhedron. It is done symmetrically so that the resulting figure retains the overall symmetry of the parent figure.

In their book The Fifty-Nine Icosahedra, Coxeter et al. enumerated 58 such stellations of the regular icosahedron.

Of these, many have a single face in each of the 20 face planes and so are also icosahedra. The great icosahedron is among them.

Other stellations have more than one face in each plane or form compounds of simpler polyhedra. These are not strictly icosahedra, although they are often referred to as such.

Pyritohedral symmetry

A regular icosahedron can be constructed with pyritohedral symmetry, and is called a snub octahedron or snub tetratetrahedron or snub tetrahedron. this can be seen as an alternated truncated octahedron. If all the triangles are equilateral, the symmetry can also be distinguished by colouring the 8 and 12 triangle sets differently.

Pyritohedral symmetry has the symbol (3*2), [3+,4], with order 24. Tetrahedral symmetry has the symbol (332), [3,3]+, with order 12. These lower symmetries allow geometric distortions from 20 equilateral triangular faces, instead having 8 equilateral triangles and 12 congruent isosceles triangles.

These symmetries offer Coxeter diagrams:  and  respectively, each representing the lower symmetry to the regular icosahedron , (*532), [5,3] icosahedral symmetry of order 120.

Cartesian coordinates

The coordinates of the 12 vertices can be defined by the vectors defined by all the possible cyclic permutations and sign-flips of coordinates of the form (2, 1, 0). These coordinates represent the truncated octahedron with alternated vertices deleted.

This construction is called a snub tetrahedron in its regular icosahedron form, generated by the same operations carried out starting with the vector (ϕ, 1, 0), where ϕ is the golden ratio.

Jessen's icosahedron

In Jessen's icosahedron, sometimes called Jessen's orthogonal icosahedron, the 12 isosceles faces are arranged differently such that the figure is non-convex. It has right dihedral angles.

It is scissors congruent to a cube, meaning that it can be sliced into smaller polyhedral pieces that can be rearranged to form a solid cube.

Other icosahedra

Rhombic icosahedron

The rhombic icosahedron is a zonohedron made up of 20 congruent rhombs. It can be derived from the rhombic triacontahedron by removing 10 middle faces. Even though all the faces are congruent, the rhombic icosahedron is not face-transitive.

Pyramid and prism symmetries

Common icosahedra with pyramid and prism symmetries include:
*19-sided pyramid (plus 1 base = 20).
*18-sided prism (plus 2 ends = 20).
*9-sided antiprism (2 sets of 9 sides + 2 ends = 20).
*10-sided bipyramid (2 sets of 10 sides = 20).
*10-sided trapezohedron (2 sets of 10 sides = 20).

Johnson solids

Several Johnson solids are icosahedra:
Question:
An icosahedron has how many faces?
Answer:
twenty
Passage:
Pega
This article is about the Christian saint. For the customer relationship management and business process management software see Pegasystems.

Pega (c. 673-c.719), is a Christian saint who was an anchoress in the ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia, and the sister of Saint Guthlac.

Life

Pega belonged to one of the great noble families of Mercia,[http://www.ewtn.com/library/MARY/PEGA.HTM Stevens, Clifford. "The One Year Book of Saints", Our Sunday Visitor Publishing Division, Our Sunday Visitor, Inc., Huntington, Indiana] the daughter of Penwalh of Mercia.  She lived as an anchoress at Peakirk ("Pega's church") in the modern county of Cambridgeshire, not far from Guthlac's hermitage at Crowland. When Guthlac realized that his end was near in 714, he invited her to his funeral. For this she sailed down the River Welland, curing a blind man from Wisbech on the way.[http://www.peakirkvillage.co.uk/new/?q
node/79 "St. Pega", Peakirk Village] She inherited Guthlac's psalter and scourge, both of which, it was claimed, she later gave to Crowland Abbey. She went on pilgrimage to Rome and died there c.719. Ordericus Vitalis claimed that her relics survived in an unnamed Roman church in his day, and that miracles took place there.

It is said that her heart was returned to Peakirk and was kept as a relic in the church, contained in a heart stone, the broken remains of which, smashed by Cromwell's troops, can be seen in the south aisle window.

Sainthood

Pega is considered a saint by the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches. Her feast day is 8 January.
Question:
Saint Pega is said to be England's first female?
Answer:
Eremitical
Passage:
Rothbury
Rothbury is a town and civil parish in Northumberland, England. It is located on the River Coquet,  northwest of Morpeth and 26 mi north-northwest of Newcastle upon Tyne. At the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Rothbury had a population of 1,740,  increasing to 2,107 at the 2011 Census. 

Rothbury emerged as a relatively important town in the historic district of Coquetdale because of its situation at a crossroads over a ford along the River Coquet. Turnpike roads leading to Newcastle upon Tyne, Alnwick, Hexham and Morpeth allowed for an influx of families and the enlargement of the settlement during the Middle Ages. Rothbury was chartered as a market town in 1291, and became a centre for dealing in cattle and wool for the surrounding villages well into the Early Modern Period.

Today, the town is used as a staging point for recreational walking. Landmarks in and around Rothbury include the Victorian era mansion Cragside, the Simonside Hills and Northumberland National Park. In July 2010, Rothbury was the centre of a high-profile police manhunt.

History

The first mention of Rothbury, according to a local history,  was in around the year 1100, as Routhebiria, or "Routha's town" ("Hrotha", according to Beckensall).  Fragments from an Anglo-Saxon cross, believed to be 8th century, are the only surviving relics pre-dating the Norman conquest. They are now in the town church and the University of Newcastle Museum.

The village was retained as a Crown possession after the conquest, being made over to the Lords of Warkworth in 1204. Rothbury was a relatively important village in Coquetdale, being a crossroads situated on a ford of the River Coquet, with turnpike roads leading to Newcastle upon Tyne, Alnwick, Hexham and Morpeth. It was chartered as a market town in 1291, and became a centre for dealing in cattle and wool for the surrounding villages. A market cross was erected in 1722, but demolished in 1827. In the 1760s, according to Bishop Pococke, the village also had a small craft industry, including hatters. At that time, the village's vicarage and living was in the gift of the Bishop of Carlisle, and worth £500 per year.

Rothbury has had a turbulent and bloody history. In the 15th and 16th centuries the Coquet Valley was a pillaging ground for bands of Reivers who attacked and burned the town with terrifying frequency. Near the town's All Saints' Parish Church stands the doorway and site of the 17th century Three Half Moons Inn, where the Earl of Derwentwater stayed with his followers in 1715 prior to marching into a heavy defeat at the Battle of Preston.

Hill farming has been a mainstay of the local economy for many generations. Names such as Armstrong, Charleton and Robson remain well represented in the farming community. Their forebears, members of the reiver 'clans', were in constant conflict with their Scots counterpart. The many fortified farms, known as bastle houses, are reminders of troubled times which lasted until the unification of the kingdoms of England and Scotland in 1603.

The industrialist Lord Armstrong (1810–1900) helped shape modern Rothbury. Many local buildings reflect his Victorian style and prosperity. At the same time the planting of more than six million trees and shrubs transformed the surrounding landscape. His magnificent home at Cragside, now in the care of the National Trust, is visited by more than 150,000 people annually.

Governance

An  electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward stretches from the Scottish Borders to  Rothley At the 2011 census it had a population of 5,316. 

Landmarks

Rothbury's Anglican parish church building – All Saints' Church – dates from circa 1850, largely replacing but in parts incorporating the fabric of a former Saxon edifice, including the chancel, the east wall of the south transept and the chancel arch. The church has a font with a stem or pedestal using a section of the Anglo-Saxon cross shaft, showing what is reputed to be the earliest carved representation in Great Britain of the Ascension of Christ. 

The Anglo-Saxon cross is not to be confused with the market cross near the church, the current version of which was erected in 1902 and is known as "St Armstrong's Cross" as it was paid for by Lady Armstrong, widow of Lord Armstrong of Cragside.  Until 1965, Rothbury was the location of a racecourse, which staged only one meeting per year, in April.

Half a mile to the south, Whitton Tower is an exceptionally well-preserved 14th century pele tower. 

Lordenshaw Hill has the largest concentration of rock carvings in Northumberland. Over 100 panels have been recorded on the hill, the adjacent Whitton Burn and Garleigh Moor, in an area which covers less than 620 acres. The carved panels range from single cup-marked boulders to complex panels. There are many other interesting archaeological sites in this area, including a ditched Iron Age enclosure and an Early Bronze Age cairn. 

Transport

The town was the terminus of a branch line from Scotsgap railway station on the North British Railway line from Morpeth to Reedsmouth. The last passenger trains ran on 15 September 1952 and the line closed completely on 9 November 1963. The site of the former railway station is located to the south of the River Coquet and the old Station Hotel still stands near this site, now known as The Coquetvale Hotel.

The town is now served by an Arriva bus service which runs via Longframlington, Longhorsley, Morpeth and continues to Newcastle upon Tyne, the nearest city. A small, local bus company, Spirit Buses, operates a service to Alnwick. Three times a week this service extends up the Coquet Valley to Alwinton.
Question:
"In which county are the towns of ""Rothbury"", ""Seahouses"" and ""Wooler""?"
Answer:
Northd
Passage:
Red Lake Mine
The Red Lake mine is one of the largest gold mines in Canada and in the world.  The mine is located in northwestern Ontario at Red Lake. The mine has estimated reserves of 3.23 million oz of gold.

The Red Lake Mining District has produced over 22 million ounces of gold through 2004, worth over $US 35 billion at 2014 prices. The two principal mines, Campbell and Red Lake, both have historic ore grades averaging about 0.57 oz/ton Au (22 g/tonne). 

The rocks and mineralization features in this district are complex. The host rock here is a metamorphosed tholeiitic basalt dating to ~2.85 billion years (early Neoarchean). This basalt has been subjected to biotite-carbonate alteration and auriferous silicification. Gold mineralization has been dated to 2.712-2.723 billion years (during collision-related emplacement of several nearby igneous intrusions - Uchian Phase of the Kenoran Orogeny), and  at 2.63-2.66 or 2.699 billion years (during a regional thermal event or another igneous intrusive event).
Question:
The Red Lake Mine, said to produce the richest gold ore in the world is in which country?
Answer:
Canada
Passage:
Candelabra
A candelabrum (plural candelabrums, candelabra, candelabras), sometimes called a candle tree, is a candle holder with multiple arms. The word comes from Latin.   

In modern usage the plural form "candelabra" is frequently used in the singular sense, with the true singular form "candelabrum" becoming rare. Likewise, "candelabra" and "candelabras" are preferred over "candelabrums" as the plural form.
Although the electrification of indoor lighting has relegated candleholders to the status of backup light sources in most homes and other buildings, interior designers continue to model light fixtures and lighting accessories after candelabra and candlesticks.  Accordingly, the term "candelabra" has entered common use as a collective term for small-based incandescent light bulbs used in chandeliers and other lighting fixtures made for decoration as well as lighting.

The Iglesia ni Cristo and Jewish menorah is a special kind of candelabrum.

Candelabra antennas

In the United States and Canada, the plural term candelabra is a nickname for radio masts and towers with multiple transmission antennas. Baltimore's TV stations, WMAR-TV, WBAL-TV, and WJZ-TV in 1959 built the world’s first three-antenna candelabra tower, 730 feet tall. Other examples include the Mount Royal Candelabra in Montreal, the KXTV/KOVR/KCRA Tower, KSMO Candelabra Tower, KMBC/KCWE Candelabra Tower, the Madison Community Candelabra Tower in Madison, and Sutro Tower in San Francisco.
Question:
What is the seven or nine branch candelabrum, of which the Jewish hanukiah (or chanukkiyah) is a type?
Answer:
Menorah
Passage:
Mole Valley
Mole Valley is a local government district in Surrey, England. Its council is based in Dorking.

The two towns in the district are Dorking and Leatherhead. The largest villages are Ashtead, Fetcham and Great Bookham, in the northern third of the district.  The rest of the district includes some of the Surrey Hills AONB, the middle of the district is dominated by the North Downs, including Polesden Lacey, Box Hill, Denbies Wine Estate (the largest vineyard in the country  ) and parts of the Pilgrims' Way, the southern third includes Leith Hill and the Greensand Ridge.  There are stations on the London–Worthing and Reading–Gatwick Airport railways, and in the northern third, a commuter stopping service from London–Guildford. Additionally the A24 road and the M25 motorway are the main thoroughfares.

Towns

* Dorking
* Leatherhead

Other settlements 

Governance

Mole Valley District Council is elected by thirds: one-third of councillors are elected at each election, each serving four year terms; three years out of four having elections.

The council was however elected across all areas in 2000 after major boundary changes to the wards.

Although Mole Valley (UK Parliament constituency) has been Conservative for a long time, Mole Valley District Council has, with Independent/RA and Liberal Democrats, for long periods been under no overall control. 

Party control

* 1974–1980: No overall control
* 1980–1982: Independent control
* 1982–1994: No overall control
* 1994-1995: Liberal Democrat control
* 1995-2006: No overall control
* 2006–2008: Conservative control
* 2010–2015: No overall control
* 2015-Present Conservative control

Surrey Council Council

Surrey County Council, elected every four years, obtains six representatives from this area: 

History

The district, named after the River Mole, was formed on 1 April 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, by a merger of the urban districts of Dorking and Leatherhead and most of the Dorking and Horley Rural District.

Churches graded II* or above

Environmental concerns

In May 2006, a report commissioned by British Gas   showed that housing in Mole Valley produced the twentieth highest average carbon emissions in the country at 6,928 kg of carbon dioxide per dwelling.

In 2008 a group of residents got together and formed The Green Mole Forum [http://www.greenmoleforum.org/] with the aim of promoting sustainable development in Mole Valley both by providing a hub to help residents, and to lobby the council to undertake more sustainable policies.

Emergency services

Mole Valley is served by these emergency services:
* Surrey Police. Dorking Police Station is the lead station in Mole Valley Division, Leatherhead Police Station is now closed.
* South East Coast Ambulance Service The district has two Ambulance Stations – one in North Holmwood (1 mi south of Dorking), and the other in Leatherhead.
* Surrey Fire & Rescue Service, The district has two Fire Stations one in North Holmwood and the other in Leatherhead.
* SURSAR, The district is covered by Surrey Search & Rescue
* Hospital, Each town has a small NHS Hospital with no A&E. They are used for outpatients and rehabilitation.

Sources

* [http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/static/vote_99/locals_99/html/constituency/154.stm Local elections, 1999]
* [http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/static/uk_politics/vote2000/locals/73.stm Local elections, 2000]
* [http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/static/vote2002/local_elections/92.stm Local elections, 2002]
* [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/vote2003/locals/html/171.stm Local elections, 2003]
* [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/vote2004/locals/html/3721.stm Local elections, 2004]
Question:
Mole Valley is in which English county?
Answer:
Surrey
Passage:
National Horseracing Museum
The National Horseracing Museum of the United Kingdom is located at 99 High Street in  Newmarket. Open to the public, it contains collections and records of people and horses involved in the sport of horse racing from its Royal origins to modern heroes. Exhibits include the history of horse racing, horse racing in Britain, trophies, paintings of famous horses, trainers and jockeys, jockey uniforms, betting, and horse racing memorabilia.

The Vestey Gallery of British Sporting Art is located in the museum, and features changing exhibits of art relating to sports, including hunting, shooting, fishing, boxing, archery, rowing and horse racing.

The National Horseracing Museum has an archive collection of information and images of early horses, jockeys, trainers, breeders and owners. 

The Museum is a United Kingdom Registered Charity (No. 283656) [http://www.nhrm.co.uk/index.html] and is supported by the Jockey Club and the The Racing Post plus major national corporations including Barclays Bank, Ladbrokes, SAAB, and Homebase. A full list of sponsors can be seen at the Museum. [http://www.nhrm.co.uk/friends]

The museum is being incorporated in the Home of Horseracing project in 2016. The Museum is now closed until reopening on the new site in the Autumn.

List of horses

This list includes both runners and breeders.
Question:
In which British town is the National Horseracing Museum?
Answer:
NEWMARKET
Passage:
Cosmicomics
Cosmicomics is a collection of twelve short stories by Italo Calvino first published in Italian in 1965 and in English in 1968. The stories were originally published between 1964 and 1965 in the Italian periodicals Il Caffè and Il Giorno. Each story takes a scientific "fact" (though sometimes a falsehood by today's understanding), and builds an imaginative story around it.  An always extant being called Qfwfq narrates all of the stories save two, each of which is a memory of an event in the history of the universe. Qfwfq also narrates some stories in Calvino's t zero.

All of the stories in Cosmicomics, together with those from t zero and other sources, are now available in a single volume collection, The Complete Cosmicomics (Penguin UK, 2009).

The first U.S. edition, translated by William Weaver, won the National Book Award in the Translation category.
[http://www.nationalbook.org/nba1969.html "National Book Awards – 1969"]. National Book Foundation. Retrieved 2012-03-11.There was a "Translation" award from 1967 to 1983.

Contents

*The Distance of the Moon, the first and probably the best known story. Calvino takes the fact that the Moon used to be much closer to the Earth, and builds a story about a love triangle among people who used to jump between the Earth and the Moon, in which lovers drift apart as the Moon recedes.
*At Daybreak — Life before matter condenses.
*A Sign in Space — The idea that the galaxy slowly revolves becomes a story about a being who is desperate to leave behind some unique sign of his existence.  This story also is a direct illustration of one of the tenets of postmodern theory — that the sign is not the thing it signifies, nor can one claim to fully or properly describe a thing or an idea with a word or other symbol.
*All at One Point — The fact that all matter and creation used to exist in a single point.  "Naturally, we were all there—old Qfwfq said—where else could we have been? Nobody knew then that there could be space. Or time either: what use did we have for time, packed in there like sardines?"
*Without Colors — Before there was an atmosphere, everything was the same shade of gray. As the atmosphere appears, so do colors. The novelty scares off Ayl, Qfwfq's love interest.
*Games Without End — A galactic game of marbles back before the universe had formed much more than particles.
*The Aquatic Uncle — A tale on the fact that at one stage in evolution animals left the sea and came to live on land.  The story is about a family living on land that is a bit ashamed of their old uncle who still lives in the sea, refusing to come ashore like "civilized" people.
*How Much Shall We Bet — A story about betting on the long term evolution of mankind.
*The Dinosaurs — How some dinosaurs lived after most of them had become extinct, and how it felt to be that last existing dinosaur in an age where all the current mammals feared his kind as demons.
*The Form of Space — As the unnamed narrator "falls" through space, he cannot help but notice that his trajectory is parallel to that of a beautiful woman, Ursula H'x, and that of lieutenant Fenimore, who is also in love with Ursula. The narrator dreams of the shape of space changing, so that he may touch Ursula (or fight with Fenimore).
*The Light Years — The unnamed narrator looking at other galaxies, and spotting one with a sign pointed right at him saying "I saw you."  Given that there's a gulf of 100,000,000 light years, he checks his diary to find out what he had been doing that day, and finds out that it was something he wished to hide.  Then he starts to worry.
*The Spiral — A story about life as a mollusc, and the nature of love and writing.

All of the stories feature non-human characters which have been heavily anthropomorphized.

Notes
Question:
The most-translated contemporary Italian writer at the time of his death in 1985, whose best known works are the Our Ancestors trilogy and the Cosmicomics collection of short stories?
Answer:
Calvino
Passage:
Marlin
A marlin is a fish from the family Istiophoridae, which includes about 10 species. It has an elongated body, a spear-like snout or bill, and a long, rigid dorsal fin which extends forward to form a crest. Its common name is thought to derive from its resemblance to a sailor's marlinspike.  Even more so than their close relatives, the scombrids, marlins are fast swimmers, reaching speeds of about 80 km/h.
 

The larger species include the Atlantic blue marlin, Makaira nigricans, which can reach 5 m in length and 818 kg in weight  and the black marlin, Istiompax indica, which can reach in excess of 5 m in length and 670 kg in weight. They are popular sporting fish in tropical areas.

Classification

The marlins are perciform fish, most closely related to the swordfish and Scombridae.

Timeline of genera

ImageSize  = width:1000px height:auto barincrement:15px
PlotArea   = left:10px bottom:50px top:10px right:10px

Period      = from:-65.5 till:10
TimeAxis    = orientation:horizontal
ScaleMajor  = unit:year increment:5 start:-65.5
ScaleMinor  = unit:year increment:1 start:-65.5
TimeAxis    = orientation:hor
AlignBars   = justify

Colors =
 #legends
  id:CAR   value:claret
  id:ANK   value:rgb(0.4,0.3,0.196)
  id:HER   value:teal
  id:HAD   value:green
  id:OMN   value:blue
  id:black        value:black
  id:white        value:white
  id:cenozoic     value:rgb(0.54,0.54,0.258)
  id:paleogene     value:rgb(0.99,0.6,0.32)
  id:paleocene     value:rgb(0.99,0.65,0.37)
  id:eocene     value:rgb(0.99,0.71,0.42)
  id:oligocene     value:rgb(0.99,0.75,0.48)
  id:neogene     value:rgb(0.999999,0.9,0.1)
  id:miocene     value:rgb(0.999999,0.999999,0)
  id:pliocene     value:rgb(0.97,0.98,0.68)
  id:quaternary   value:rgb(0.98,0.98,0.5)
  id:pleistocene   value:rgb(0.999999,0.95,0.68)
  id:holocene   value:rgb(0.999,0.95,0.88)

BarData=
 bar:eratop
 bar:space
 bar:periodtop
 bar:space
 bar:NAM1
 bar:NAM2
 bar:NAM3
 bar:NAM4

 bar:space
 bar:period
 bar:space
 bar:era

PlotData=
 align:center textcolor:black fontsize:M mark:(line,black) width:25
 shift:(7,-4)

 bar:periodtop
 from: -65.5   till:  -55.8    color:paleocene  text:Paleocene
 from: -55.8   till:  -33.9    color:eocene  text:Eocene
 from: -33.9   till:  -23.03    color:oligocene  text:Oligocene
 from: -23.03    till: -5.332    color:miocene    text:Miocene
 from: -5.332    till: -2.588    color:pliocene    text:Plio.
 from: -2.588    till: -0.0117   color:pleistocene    text:Pleist.
 from: -0.0117    till: 0    color:holocene    text:H.

 bar:eratop
 from: -65.5   till:  -23.03    color:paleogene  text:Paleogene
 from: -23.03    till: -2.588    color:neogene    text:Neogene
 from: -2.588    till: 0   color:quaternary    text:Q.

PlotData=
 align:left fontsize:M mark:(line,white) width:5 anchor:till align:left

 color:eocene bar:NAM1  from: -55.8 till: 0 text: Pseudohistiophorus
 color:miocene bar:NAM2  from: -23.03 till: 0 text: Tetrapterus
 color:miocene bar:NAM3  from: -15.97 till: 0 text: Istiophorus
 color:miocene bar:NAM4  from: -11.608 till: 0 text: Makaira

PlotData=
 align:center textcolor:black fontsize:M mark:(line,black) width:25

 bar:period
 from: -65.5   till:  -55.8    color:paleocene  text:Paleocene
 from: -55.8   till:  -33.9    color:eocene  text:Eocene
 from: -33.9   till:  -23.03    color:oligocene  text:Oligocene
 from: -23.03    till: -5.332    color:miocene    text:Miocene
 from: -5.332    till: -2.588    color:pliocene    text:Plio.
 from: -2.588    till: -0.0117   color:pleistocene    text:Pleist.
 from: -0.0117    till: 0    color:holocene    text:H.

 bar:era
 from: -65.5   till:  -23.03    color:paleogene  text:Paleogene
 from: -23.03    till: -2.588    color:neogene    text:Neogene
 from: -2.588    till: 0   color:quaternary    text:Q.

In literature

In the Nobel Prize-winning author Ernest Hemingway's 1952 novel The Old Man and the Sea, the central character of the work is an aged Cuban fisherman who, after 84 days without success on the water, heads out to sea to break his run of bad luck. On the 85th day, Santiago, the old fisherman, hooks a resolute marlin; what follows is a great struggle between man, sea creature, and the elements.

Frederick Forsyth's story The Emperor, in the collection No Comebacks, tells of a bank manager named Murgatroyd who catches a marlin and is acknowledged by the islanders of Mauritius as a master fisherman.
Question:
"A ""marlin"" is a type of what?"
Answer:
Fish proteins
Passage:
Subdivisions of Scotland
For local government purposes, Scotland is divided into 32 areas designated as "council areas", which are all governed by unitary authorities  designated as "councils". They have the option under the Local Government (Gaelic Names) (Scotland) Act 1997  of being known (but not re-designated) as a "comhairle" when opting for a Gaelic name; only Comhairle Nan Eilean Siar (Council of the Western Isles) has chosen this option, whereas the Highland Council (Comhairle na Gaidhealtachd) has adopted its Gaelic form alongside its English equivalent informally.

The council areas have been in existence since 1 April 1996, under the provisions of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994.

Historically, Scotland has been divided into 34 counties or shires. Although these no longer have any administrative function, they are still used to some extent in Scotland for cultural and geographical purposes. 

History of the subdivisions of Scotland

Traditionally burghs have been the key unit of the local government of Scotland, being highly autonomous entities, with rights to representation in the old Parliament of Scotland. Even after the Acts of Union 1707, burghs continued to be the principal subdivision. Until 1889 administration was on a burgh and parish basis.

The years following 1889 saw the introduction of a hierarchy of local government administration comprising counties, counties of cities, large burghs and small burghs.

With effect from 16 May 1975 and until 31 March 1996 the local government divisions of Scotland consisted of an upper tier of regions each containing a lower tier of districts except for the single-tier island council areas.

Council areas 

Source: 2011 Census for Scotland 

Other subdivisions

Scotland has several other administrative divisions, some of which are handled by joint boards of the councils.

Police and fire services 

The Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012 resulted in the merger of local police and fire services on 1 April 2013 to form the Police Service of Scotland (Scottish Gaelic: ) and the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS,  Scottish Gaelic: ).

Historically 

(Pre 1975) 

Policing was the responsibility of the Cities and Burghs of Scotland.
(see List of burghs in Scotland)

(1975 - 2013) 

Police and fire service areas date from the era (1975 to 1996) of regions and districts and island council areas. 

Electoral and valuation

There are several joint boards for electoral registration and the purposes of property valuation for assessing council tax and rates. 

Health

See also NHS Scotland

Until 1 April 2014 the towns of Cambuslang and Rutherglen were in the Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board area despite being located in South Lanarkshire. They are now part of NHS Lanarkshire.

Transport

The Scottish Government has created seven "Regional Transport Partnerships", for establishing transport policy in the regions. They broadly follow council area groupings.

Eurostat NUTS

In the Eurostat Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS), Scotland is a level-1 NUTS region, coded "UKM", which is subdivided as follows:

Land registration

The current land registration system in Scotland divides Scotland into 33 counties,  each coming into effect on various dates between 1981 and 2003. These areas in most cases resemble those of the pre-1975 administrative counties with Glasgow being the only current city to form a registration county.

Sheriffdoms

Sheriffdoms are judicial areas. Since 1 January 1975, these have been six in number: 

*Glasgow and Strathkelvin
*Grampian, Highland and Islands
*Lothian and Borders
*North Strathclyde
*South Strathclyde, Dumfries and Galloway
*Tayside, Central and Fife

Civil parishes

Scotland is divided into 871 civil parishes which often resemble same-named but legally different ecclesiastical parishes. Although they have had no administrative function since 1930, they still exist and are still used for statistical purposes such as the census. Many former civil parish areas also continue to form current registration districts. It should be noted that many boundary changes have occurred over the years and that an area currently derived from an old parish might no longer contain a place previously within that parish. Similarly, county boundaries (as still used for land registration) have also changed over the years such that a parish mentioned historically (generally before the 1860s) as being in one county (or sometimes two due to straddling a border) might now be in a neighbouring county and consequentially in a different succeeding council area.

Communities

The base level of sub-division in Scotland is that of communities, which may elect community councils (CCs). The main role of the CCs is to channel local opinion to larger local-government bodies. Otherwise, they have very limited powers. There are around 1,200 communities in Scotland. Not all communities have councils; some have joint councils.

Scottish communities are the nearest equivalent to civil parishes in England.
Question:
In which council area of Scotland is the famous village of Gretna Green situated ?
Answer:
Dumfries & Galloway
Passage:
Africa Products - The Traditional South African Vice ...
Africa Products - The Traditional South African Vice - Biltong, Droewors, Boerewors - Home
Biltong
The word biltong is from the Dutch bil ("rump") and tong ("strip" or "tongue").
The Dutch settlers who arrived in South Africa in the 17th century brought recipes for dried meat from the Old World.
To this day this tradition is honored and all our Biltong is made from authentic recipes and imported spices from South Africa.
Buy Now
TRADITIONAL
Droewors
Droëwors (Afrikaans lit."dry sausage") is a popular South African snack food. It is usually made from dunwors (Afr. "thin sausage") rather than dikwors ("thick sausage"), as the thinner sausage dries more quickly and is thus less likely to spoil.  The recipe used for these dried sausages is similar to that for boerewors, though pork and veal are replaced by beef.
The spices used in this product, like that of biltong, are traditional and imported from South Africa.
Welcome to Africa Products.
We produce and sell traditional South African products using the finest local Australian beef and imported spices.
Buy Now
TRADITIONAL
Boerewors
Boerewors(singular),popular in South African cuisine. The name comes from the Afrikaans words boer ("farmer") and wors ("sausage"). Most non-Afrikaans-speaking persons find it difficult to pronounce but a reasonable approximation is Boerie.
All our products are made with MSA certified, Australian Beef prepared in the traditional way and delivered directly to you.
Buy Now
IMPORTED
Spices
Africa spice, a leader in the industry with many years of experience in blending spices, is now available in Australia.
All spices are perfectly blended with all the necessary ingredients to give you the original flavors that every South African grew up with.
Buy Now
HOZZA
Hozza is a traditional Zulu word meaning 'come here' or 'come closer'.
HOZZA is a fund initiated by South Africans to assist fellow migrating South Africans fleeing the political collapse of their homeland.
Here you will find products,services, events, and news regularly updated facilitating a helping hand and general networking.
Enquire
Question:
What is the South African style of dried meat named originally in Dutch meaning 'rump strip'?
Answer:
Biltong
Passage:
Mount Kosciuszko
Mount Kosciuszko is a mountain located on the Main Range of the Snowy Mountains in Kosciuszko National Park, part of the Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves, in New South Wales, Australia and is located west of Crackenback and close to Jindabyne

With a height of 2228 m above sea level, it is the highest mountain in Australia.  Various measurements of the peak originally called Kosciuszko showed it to be slightly lower than its neighbour, Mount Townsend. The names of the mountains were swapped by the New South Wales Lands Department,  so that Mount Kosciuszko remains the name of the highest peak of Australia, and Mount Townsend ranks as second.  The 1863 picture by Eugene von Guerard hanging in the National Gallery of Australia  titled "Northeast view from the northern top of Mount Kosciusko" is actually from Mount Townsend.  

When considering all of Oceania as a continent, Mount Kosciuszko is overshadowed by Puncak Jaya in Papua, Indonesia, also called Carstensz Pyramid.  Different versions of the Seven Summits climbing challenge depend on which is chosen to be the "Australia" peak. 

Etymology

It was named by the Polish explorer Paul Edmund Strzelecki in 1840, in honour of the Polish and Belarusian national hero and hero of the American Revolutionary War General Tadeusz Kościuszko, because of its perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Kraków.  

The name of the mountain was previously spelt "Mount Kosciusko", an Anglicisation, but the spelling "Mount Kosciuszko" was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of New South Wales. The traditional English pronunciation of Kosciuszko is, but the pronunciation is now sometimes used,  which is substantially closer to the Polish pronunciation.

There are several native Aboriginal (Ngarigo) names associated with the mountain, with some confusion as to the exact sounds. These are Jagungal, Jar-gan-gil, Tar-gan-gil, Tackingal; however, all of them mean "Table Top Mountain."; cited in Alan E.J. Andrews, Kosciusko: The Mountain in History, O'Connor, A.C.T, Tabletop Press, 1991, p.50.

Reaching the summit

Mount Kosciuszko is the highest summit in Australia.  There is a road to Charlotte Pass, from which an 8 km path leads to the summit. Anyone with a modest level of fitness can walk to the top. Until 1977 it was possible to drive through Rawson Pass to within a few metres of the summit. The walking track to Mount Kosciuszko from Charlotte Pass is in fact that road, which was closed to public motor vehicle access due to environmental concerns. This track is also used by cyclists as far as Rawson Pass, where they must leave their bicycles at a bicycle rack and continue onto the summit track on foot.

The peak may also be approached from Thredbo, which is a shorter , taking 3 to 3.5 hours for a round trip. This straightforward walk is supported by a chairlift all-year round. From the top of the chairlift there is a raised mesh walkway to protect the native vegetation and prevent erosion.

Both tracks meet at Rawson Pass, at an elevation of 2100 m above sea level, from where it is about  to the summit. Australia's highest public toilet was built at this pass in 2007, to cope with the more than 100,000 people visiting the mountain each summer. 

The peak and the surrounding areas are snow-covered in winter and spring (usually beginning in June and continuing until October or later). The road from Charlotte Pass is marked by snow poles and provides a guide for cross-country skiers and the track from Thredbo is easily followed until covered by snow in winter.

Recreation 

Kosciuszko National Park is also the location of the downhill ski slopes closest to Canberra and Sydney, containing the Thredbo, Charlotte Pass, and Perisher ski resorts. Mount Kosciuszko may have been ascended by Indigenous Australians long before the first recorded ascent by Europeans.

Each year in December, an ultramarathon running race called the Coast to Kosciuszko ascends to the top of Mount Kosciuszko after starting at the coast 240 km away. Paul Every, who is credited as being the one who thought of holding such a race, was the inaugural co-winner in 2004. 

Higher Australian mountains

Higher peaks exist within territory administered or claimed by Australia, but outside the continent:
* Mawson Peak (2745 m) on Heard Island
* Dome Argus (4030 m), Mount McClintock (3490 m) and Mount Menzies (3355 m) in the Australian Antarctic Territory.

Higher peaks in the region, but outside the mainland continent:
* Puncak Jaya (4884 m) in New Guinea. It is the highest island mountain in the world, the highest mountain in Indonesia and the highest in the Australian continent and Oceania.
* Puncak Mandala (4760 m) in the Papua province of Indonesia. It is the second highest mountain of the Australian continent, Oceania, Australasia, New Guinea and Indonesia.
* Puncak Trikora (4750 m) in the Papua province of Indonesia.
* Mount Wilhelm (4509 m) in Papua New Guinea. It is the highest mountain in that country.
* Mount Victoria (4072 m) in Central Province, Papua New Guinea.
* Mount Giluwe (4368 m) a volcanic mountain in Papua New Guinea. It is the highest volcanic summit in the Australian continent.

Cultural references

Australian rock band Midnight Oil performed a song called "Kosciusko" on its 1984 album Red Sails in the Sunset, referring to the mountain. The spelling was updated to "Kosciuszko" for the group's 1997 compilation album, 20,000 Watt R.S.L.

Gallery

File:Kosciuszko01.JPG|Mount Kosciuszko from south side
File:Kosciuszko06.JPG|Mount Etheridge from south side showing high elevation toilet at Rawson Pass
File:Kosciuszko05.JPG|East side of the mountain
File:Kosciuszko02.JPG|The plate at the top
File:Kosciuszko04.JPG|The base of a survey trig marker at the top
File:Kosciuszko03.JPG|Lake Cootapatamba, the lake on the highest place in the Australian continent
File:Kosciusko06.JPG|A view from the track to Mount Kosciuszko
File:Thredbo.JPG|Thredbo from the Australian Alps Walking Track.
File:Mount Kosciuszko from the Snowy River.jpg|View of Mount Kosciuszko and the Etheridge Range from the headwaters of the Snowy River
Question:
Mount Kosciuszko, the highest mountain in Australia is in which range?
Answer:
The Snowy Mountains
Passage:
Elisha Otis
Elisha Graves Otis (August 3, 1811 – April 8, 1861) was an American industrialist, founder of the Otis Elevator Company, and inventor of a safety device that prevents elevators from falling if the hoisting cable fails.   He worked on this device while living in Yonkers, New York in 1852, and had a finished product in 1854.

Biography

Otis was born in Halifax, Vermont to Stephen Otis and Phoebe Glynn. He moved away from home at the age of 20, eventually settling in Troy, New York, where he lived for five years employed as a wagon driver. In 1834, he married Susan A. Houghton. They would have two children, Charles and Norton. Later that year, Otis suffered a terrible case of pneumonia which nearly killed him, but he earned enough money to move his wife and three-year-old son to the Vermont Hills on the Green River. He designed and built his own gristmill, but did not earn enough money from it, so he converted it into a sawmill, yet still did not attract customers. Now having a second son, he started building wagons and carriages, at which he was fairly skilled. His wife later died, leaving Otis with two sons, one at that time being age 8 and the other still in diapers.

At 34 years old and hoping for a fresh start, he married and moved to Albany, New York. He worked as a doll maker for Otis Tingely. Skilled as a craftsman and tired of working all day to make only twelve toys, he invented and patented a robot turner. It could produce bedsteads four times as fast as could be done manually (about fifty a day). His boss gave him a $500 bonus. Otis then moved into his own business. At his leased building, he started designing a safety brake that could stop trains instantly and an automatic bread baking oven. He was put out of business when the stream he was using for a power supply was diverted by the city of Albany to be used for its fresh water supply.
In 1851,  having no more use for Albany, he first moved to Bergen City, New Jersey to work as a mechanic, then to Yonkers, New York, as a manager of an abandoned sawmill which he was supposed to convert into a bedstead factory.

At the age of 40, while he was cleaning up the factory, he wondered how he could get all the old debris up to the upper levels of the factory. He had heard of hoisting platforms, but they often broke, and he didn't want to take risks. He and his sons, who were also tinkerers, designed their own "safety elevator" and tested it successfully. He thought so little of it he neither patented it nor requested a bonus from his superiors for it, nor did he try to sell it. After having made several sales, and after the bedstead factory declined, Otis took the opportunity to make an elevator company out of it, initially called Union Elevator Works and later Otis Brothers & Co..
No orders came to him over the next several months, but soon after, the 1854 New York World's Fair offered a great chance at publicity.  At the New York Crystal Palace, Elisha Otis amazed a crowd when he ordered the only rope holding the platform on which he was standing cut. The rope was severed by an axeman, and the platform fell only a few inches before coming to a halt. After the World's Fair, Otis received continuous orders, doubling each year. He developed different types of engines, like a three-way steam valve engine, which could transition the elevator between up to down and stop it rapidly.

In his spare time, he designed and experimented with his old designs of  bread-baking ovens and train brakes, and patented a steam plow in 1857, a rotary oven in 1858, and, with Charles, the oscillating steam engine in 1860. Otis contracted diphtheria and died on April 8, 1861 at age 49.
Question:
When Elisha Graves Otis invented it, he called it the safety hoist. What do we call it now?
Answer:
Elevator (album)
Passage:
Campsie Fells
The Campsie Fells (also known as the Campsies) are a range of hills in central Scotland, stretching east to west from Denny Muir to Dumgoyne, in Stirlingshire and overlooking Strathkelvin to the south. The southern extent of the range fall within East Dunbartonshire. The range overlooks the villages of Strathblane, Blanefield and Lennoxtown to the south; Killearn to the west; Fintry and Strathendrick to the north. The Fintry Hills lie further to the north; Kilpatrick Hills lie to the west and the Kilsyth Hills to the east.

The Earl's Seat is the highest point of the Campsie Fells, measuring 578 m (1896 ft).  On the top of the Earl's Seat is a trig point. Two main ways of climbing the Earl's Seat are by going past Dumgoyne from the Glengoyne Distillery or going up the Fin Glen from Clachan of Campsie.

The name is taken from one of the individual hills in the range, called Campsie; meaning "crooked fairy hill", from the Scottish Gaelic cam, meaning crooked, and sìth meaning fairy. "Fell" originates from the Old Norse word fjal, meaning hill.

Erosion along the line of a geological fault known as the Campsie Fault has left tiers of rock representing some 30 lava flows which date from the Carboniferous period. The headwaters of the River Carron rise in the Campsies.

The Campsie Fells have cemented their place in history as the birthplace of Scottish skiing, when W.W. Naismith of Glasgow skied the area, becoming the first ever man to ski in Scotland in March 1892.
Question:
The Campsie Fells lie to the north of which Scottish city?
Answer:
The West End of Glasgow, Glasgow, United Kingdom
Passage:
Order of the White Lion
The Order of the White Lion () is the highest order of the Czech Republic. It continues a Czechoslovak order of the same name created in 1922 as an award for foreigners. (Czechoslovakia had no civilian decoration for its citizens in the 1920s and 1930s). It was inspired by the Czech Nobility Cross created in 1814 by the Emperor and King Francis I and awarded to 37 Bohemian noblemen.

1922–1961 

The order was created as an award for merit by Czechoslovakia for foreign citizens. The Order was established in five classes and two divisions, civil (with two crossed palms above the badge) and military (with two crossed swords above the badge). Medals were made of gold and silver. The numbers of recipients was originally limited, with the limits changing during later years. The Statutes of the order were amended in 1924, 1930, and 1936. 

The badge of the Order was a five-sided red enameled star, the ends adorned with small balls, and with leaflets between the arms. In middle of the star is a silver lion, taken from the national coat of arms. The reverse or the Star is also red enameled, with the coat of arms of the former parts of Czechoslovakia (Bohemia, Moravia, Silesia, Slovakia and Carpathian Ruthenia).

I Class with collar – reserved for heads of state, introduced in 1924. Collar can be awarded separately.
I Class – Grand cross – limited to 250 recipients
II Class – Grand Officer – limited to 400 recipients
III Class – Commander – limited to 900 recipients
IV Class – Officer – limited to 1500 recipients, cross was  smaller than the cross of the II/III class.
V Class – Knight – limited to 3000 recipients, cross was similar to IV Class, but in silver.
Gold medal 
Silver medal
Subsequent to World War II, the Order of the White Lion became an award to those who had helped liberate Czechoslovakia from occupation by Nazi Germany.  Following the surrender of Germany in May 1945, a large number of foreign bestowals were made by presenting the Order of the White Lion to senior officers of the Allied militaries. A similar Order with the same name, Military Order of the White Lion was instituted in 1945 and could be conferred upon both Czechoslovak citizens and foreigners. Dwight D. Eisenhower and George S. Patton are two Americans who received the Military Order of the White Lion after the close of World War II.

1961–1992 

The Order was remodeled after the change of the official name of Czechoslovakia and its national arms. A new regulation was issued for the order, and was divided into three classes (I, II, and III, with I being the highest). The Collar was reserved only for foreign heads of state. 

I Class –  consisted of the badge and sash star
II Class – neck badge and star worn on the right breast
III Class – neck badge

The Order of the White Lion continued to exist in this form until the dissolution of Czechoslovakia.

Since 1994  

In 1994, the order was re-established as the highest decoration of the Czech Republic; unlike in the past, it is now awarded by the President of the Czech Republic to Czech citizens and foreigners alike for outstanding services to the Czech Republic. It is issued in five classes, with the fifth and fourth classes presented as crosses, the third class awarded as an order that is worn around the neck, the second class as an order that is worn around the neck with chest star, and the first class as a grand cross (sash with badge and star).

The supreme grade of the Order of the White Lion, the first class accompanied by a gold neck chain may only be awarded to Heads of State. By law, the President is entitled to the first class insignia including the chain; after leaving the office, it may be conferred upon him for life by a joint resolution of the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate.

Ribbon bars
Question:
The Order of the White Lion is an honour bestowed in which East European country?
Answer:
4esko
Passage:
General Synod
The General Synod is the title of the governing body of some church organizations. 
The Anglican Communion

The Church of England

In the Church of England, the General Synod, which was established in 1970 (replacing the Church Assembly), is the legislative body of the Church.

Episcopal Church of the United States

In the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, the equivalent is General Convention.

Other member churches

General Synods of other churches within the Anglican Communion
*Anglican Church of Australia
*Anglican Church of Canada
*Church of Ireland
*Anglican Church in Aotearoa, New Zealand and Polynesia
*Scottish Episcopal Church
*Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui (Anglican Church in Hong Kong)

Other Churches

The United Church of Christ in the United States also calls their main governing body a General Synod. It meets every two years and consists of over 600 delegates from various congregations and conferences.

The Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church has as its highest Church court the General Synod. The ARP General Synod meets yearly (in recent years, it has, almost without exception, been held at Bonclarken). The delegates to the General Synod of the ARP Church are the elder representatives elected from each church's Session and all ministers from all presbyteries that comprise the Church (excluding ministers and elders from the independent ARP Synods of Mexico and Pakistan).

The Evangelical Church of Augsburg and Helvetic Confession in Austria and the United Evangelical Lutheran Church of Germany each call their main legislative bodies Generalsynode. In the Evangelical Church in Prussia the legislating body was called Generalsynode between 1846 and 1953.

The governing body of the Reformed Church in America, a Calvinist denomination in the United States and Canada, is known as the General Synod.

"Kirkemøtet", the governing body of the Church of Norway is normally translated to General Synod. It convenes once a year, and consists of 85 representatives, of whom seven or eight are sent from each of the dioceses.

Other uses

In the North American Lutheran tradition, General Synod refers to a church body which existed from 1820–1918.  See Evangelical Lutheran General Synod of the United States of North America.
Question:
The General Synod is the legislative body of the Church of England, instituted in 1970. By what name was this body known prior to 1970?
Answer:
Synod of the Church of England
