Passage:
Fatted calf
Fatted calf is a metaphor or symbol of festive celebration and rejoicing for someone's long-awaited return. It derives from the parable of the prodigal son in the New Testament.  In biblical times, people would often keep at least one piece of livestock that was fed a special diet to fatten it up, thus making it more flavorsome when prepared as a meal.  Slaughtering this livestock was to be done on rare and special occasions.  Thus when the prodigal son returns, the father "kills the fatted calf" to show that the celebration is out of the ordinary.

In modern usage, "killing the fatted calf" can simply mean to celebrate in an exuberant manner, as used in the Elton John song "Bennie and the Jets".
Question:
"In the Bible, whose return heralded the killing of ""the fatted calf""?"
Answer:
Loving Father
Passage:
Kingdom of the Algarve
The Kingdom of the Algarve (Portuguese: Reino do Algarve, from the Arabic Gharb al-Andalusغرب الأندلس), later the Kingdom of the Algarves (Portuguese: Reino dos Algarves), was a nominal kingdom within the Kingdom of Portugal.

It was the second dominion of the Portuguese Crown and supposedly a kingdom apart from Portugal, though in fact the Algarvian kingdom had no institutions, special privileges, or autonomy. 
In actuality, it was just an honorific title for the Algarve based on its history and was very similar to the rest of the Portuguese provinces. 

The title King of Silves was first used by Sancho I of Portugal after the first conquest of Silves in 1189. As this conquest did not take all of the Algarve, D. Sancho never used the title King of Portugal and the Algarve, but instead it was adopted by his grandson Afonso III of Portugal as a part of the titles and honours of the Portuguese Crown.

History

Reconquista

During the Reconquista, Portuguese and Castilian conquests went south, to take lands from the Muslims that they claimed as theirs. Portugal conquered and secured much of its southern borders during the reigns of King Sancho II of Portugal and King Afonso III of Portugal.

First conquest

In 1189, King Sancho I of Portugal conquered Silves, one of the most prosperous cities in Al-Andalus, aligned at the time with the Almohad Caliphate. Portuguese control over Silves would be short, with the Almohads conquering the city again in 1191 in a massive counter-attack led by Abu Yusuf Yaqub al-Mansur the Almohad Caliph in person.

The conquest of Algarve

With the decline of the Almohads, the southern taifa city-states united under a single Emir, Mûsâ Ibn Muhammad Ibn Nassir Ibn Mahfûz, former governor of Niebla, and known among the Christians as Aben Mafom.

Aben Mafom, King of Niebla and Emir of Algarve, trying to counter the achievements made by the Portuguese in their territories, declared vassalage to Alfonso X of Castile (who thus titled himself the King of the Algarve). Through his vassals, Alfonso X hoped to claim dominion over the Algarve not yet conquered by the Portuguese. 

The Emir's vow of vassalage to Castille however did not stop the knights of the Order of Santiago, under the command of the Grand-Master Paio Peres Correia, from conquering most of the region city by city, between 1242 and 1249, including Silves. In March 1249, King Afonso III of Portugal captured Faro, the last Muslim stronghold in Algarve, ending the Portuguese Reconquista.

The entitlement of Afonso III of Portugal as King of Portugal and the Algarve would serve as a reaction to Alfonso X of Castile's claim to the Algarve and was designed to demonstrate the rights of the Portuguese monarch on the region concerned.

The issue between the sovereigns of Castille and Portugal was eventually settled by the Treaty of Badajoz (1267), where King Alfonso X gave up his claims of the Algarve, making his grandson Dinis the heir to the throne of the Algarve, which dictated the terms of its incorporation into the Portuguese crown. The treaty, though, allowed the use of the title of King of the Algarve for King Alfonso X and his descendants, since King Alfonso X had acquired the territories of Al-Gharb Al-Andalus on the other side of the Guadiana river. The kings of Castile, and then Spain, would add the title to their repertoire of titles until the ascent of Queen Isabel II of Spain to the throne.

Age of Discoveries

During the Age of Discoveries, the Algarve served as the location for the embarkment for many voyages, mainly those funded by the Infante D. Henrique. Prince Henry also set up his famous school of navigation at Sagres Point, though the idea of a real school building and campus is highly disputed. Most of the voyages set sail from Lagos.

The Algarves of either side of the sea in Africa

The name of the Algarvian Kingdom suffered some minor changes due to the Portuguese North African conquests, which were considered an extension of the kingdom of Algarve. John I of Portugal added to the title of "King of Portugal and the Algarve", the title "Lord of Ceuta", and his grandson Afonso V of Portugal, in turn, styled himself "Lord of Ceuta and Alcacer-Ceguer in Africa" (after 1458). The 1471 conquest of Asilah, Tangiers and Larache, together with North African previous holdings, led to the creation of the title "the Algarves from either side of the sea in Africa", leaving the European Algarve to become "the Algarve behind the sea."

Thus, it was not until 1471 that "the Kingdom of the Algarve" led to "the Kingdom of the Algarves", due to the increase of Portuguese possessions in Northern Africa, which were made as possessions of the Kingdom of the Algarve. The Portuguese monarchs therefore adopted the title that they would use until the fall of the monarchy in 1910: "Kings of Portugal and the Algarves of either side of the sea in Africa". The title would continue to be used even after the abandonment of the last North African holding in Mazagan (Portuguese: Mazagão; lost by Portugal in 1769).

19th century conflicts

During the 19th century, a serious clash between liberals and Miguelites, caused an exodus of people from the Algarvian inlands to the coastal cities. José Joaquim Sousa Reis, the Remexido, and fought in the inlands and attacked the coastal cities, bringing the urban population into turmoil. The turmoil of the Algarve intensified in the years between 1834 and 1838, when the Algarve saw battles on a level it had never seen before. On November 26, 1836, Miguel I of Portugal named Remexido Governor of the Kingdom of the Algarve and Acting Commander in Chief of all the Royalist Troops, Regular and Irregular Armies, and the Operations in the South. Remexido, however, was shot in Faro on August 2, 1838.
Question:
"In which country is the area called ""the Algarve""?"
Answer:
Portogało
Passage:
Nanosecond
A nanosecond (ns) is a SI unit of time equal to one billionth of a second (10 or 1/1,000,000,000 s). One nanosecond is to one second as one second is to 31.71 years.

The word nanosecond is formed by the prefix nano and the unit second. Its symbol is ns.

A nanosecond is equal to 1000 picoseconds or  microsecond.  Because the next SI unit is 1000 times larger, times of 10 and 10 seconds are typically expressed as tens or hundreds of nanoseconds.

Times of this magnitude are commonly encountered in telecommunications, pulsed lasers and some areas of electronics.

Light travels exactly 29.9792458  centimeters in 1 nanosecond. This is equivalent to 11.8 inches, leading some to refer to a nanosecond as a light-foot.  A light-foot is actually ~1.0167033621639674471063578257196 nanoseconds. 
The earliest use of the term is by George Gamow.  Another early reference commonly given  is to Admiral Grace Hopper, who used to give out pieces of wire about a foot long to illustrate the eventual problem of building very high speed computers.   If it takes light a nanosecond to go a foot (in a vacuum, slower in copper), then a computer built with parts connected by half this distance, 15 cm of wire, would take at least a nanosecond to send data to a part and get a response.  The solution, developed in Hopper's lifetime, was first the integrated circuit and later the multi-core processor.

"Once she presented a piece of wire about a foot long, and explained that it represented a nanosecond, since it was the maximum distance electricity could travel in wire in one-billionth of a second. She often contrasted this nanosecond with a microsecond - a coil of wire nearly a thousand feet long - as she encouraged programmers not to waste even a microsecond."

Common measurements 

* 0.5 nanoseconds (0.5 ns) – the average life of a molecule of positronium hydride
* 1.0 nanosecond – cycle time for radio frequency 1 GHz (1 hertz), an inverse unit.   This corresponds to a radio wavelength of 1 light-nanosecond or 0.3 m, as can be calculated by multiplying 1 ns by the speed of light (approximately 3 m/s) to determine the distance traveled.
* 1.0 nanosecond – cycle time for a 1 GHz processor. , common processors have frequencies around 1–3.5 GHz, so the cycle time is somewhat shorter than a nanosecond.
* 1.017 nanoseconds (approximately) – time taken for light to travel 1 foot in a vacuum
* 3.33564095 nanoseconds (approximately) – time taken for light to travel 1 metre in a vacuum   (In air or water light travels more slowly; see index of refraction)
* 10 nanoseconds – one "shake", (as in a "shake of a lamb's tail") approximate time of one generation of a nuclear chain reaction with fast neutrons
* 10 nanoseconds – cycle time for frequency 100 MHz (1 hertz), radio wavelength 3 m (VHF, FM band)
* 12 nanoseconds – half-life of a K meson
* 20–40 nanoseconds – time of fusion reaction in a hydrogen bomb
* 77 nanoseconds – a sixth (a 60th of a 60th of a 60th of a 60th of a second)
* 100 nanoseconds – cycle time for frequency 10 MHz, radio wavelength 30 m (shortwave)
* 333 nanoseconds – cycle time of highest medium wave radio frequency, 3 MHz
* 500 nanoseconds – T1 time of Josephson phase qubit (see also Qubit) as of May 2005
* 1000 nanoseconds - one microsecond
Question:
What fraction of a second is a nanosecond?
Answer:
Nano-
Passage:
Hāngi
Hāngi is a traditional New Zealand Māori method of cooking food using heated rocks buried in a pit oven. It is still used for special occasions.

To "lay a hāngi" or "put down a hāngi" involves digging a pit in the ground, heating stones in the pit with a large fire, placing baskets of food on top of the stones, and covering everything with earth for several hours before uncovering (or lifting) the hāngi. 

There are many variations and details that can be altered. Hāngi "experts" have developed and improved methods that often, like the stones themselves, have been handed down for generations. Another name sometimes used is umu, for instance the umu tī, used in the South Island to cook Cabbage trees (Cordyline australis). 

The evolution of hāngi methods 

Evidence from early Polynesian settler sites in New Zealand such as Wairau Bar and in coastal Otago Peninsula from about 1280 shows a significant number of large cooking pits or umu which were designed to cook Ti-pore or various species of Cordyline. This was a common east Polynesian practice in the Cook Islands and Society Islands. The remains of large umu have also been found in the Kermadec Islands. The .900 long, carrot shaped tap root was cooked in a large stone lined pit for between 1 and 2 days. Various sources say it was baked while some say steamed. The result was a fibrous mass of sweet pulp that had a bitter after taste. Investigation in Otago shows that most pits were used only once or perhaps twice before making a new pit. Some sources say the longer the cooking, the sweeter the pulp. This may have been due to the evaporation of the water content. The distinguishing feature of a Ti- pore was its large size compared to a normal cooking earth oven.  
Prior to colonisation and the introduction of metals and wire, food was laid out on clean sticks, bark, large leaves and other vegetation to minimize direct contact with the hot rocks and reduce burning. Carved bowls and flat rocks were also used for this purpose.
Leaves, sticks and vegetation were used to cover the food and to prevent crushing from the weight of the earth on top.

Many different hāngi methods are now used. Wire baskets became widely used in the early 19th century with sacking and cloth replacing leaves and bark as the covering of choice. Red hot iron or steel may be used in addition to or instead of stones.

In the early 21st century, gas heated stainless steel "hāngi machines" are sometimes used to replicate the style of cooking without the need for a wood fire, rocks and a pit.
Question:
Hangi is a traditional New Zealand Maori method of cooking using a?
Answer:
Pit
Passage:
Pholadidae
Pholadidae, known as piddocks or angelwings, are a family of bivalve mollusc similar to a clam.

Background

Pidocks are unique in that each side of their shells is divided into 2 or 3 separate sections. Furthermore, one of the piddock's shells has a set of ridges or "teeth", which they use to grind away at clay or soft rock and create tubular burrows. The shape of these burrows is due to the rotating motion of the piddock as it grinds the rock to make its home. The piddock stays in the burrow it digs for the entirety of its eight-year lifespan, with only its siphon exposed to take in water that it filters for food. When the piddock dies and leaves an empty tubular burrow, other marine life such as sea anemone, crabs and other molluscs may use the burrow.

Some species of Pholadidae may reach up to 18 cm (7″). Their coloration is typically white, though through consumption of red tide algae some may develop a pink coloration.

* The angelwing species Cyrtopleura costata has approximately 26 radiating ribs. Growth lines run horizontally over the surface of the shell. Angelwings have a spoon-shaped brace under the beak of the shell, called the apophysis, where the mollusc's foot muscles are attached. Cyrtopleura costata possesses long siphons which protrude from its burrow and circulate water as the source for its food supply. It cannot retract its siphons into the protection of its shell, so the two valves can never shut completely. The muscles fusing the shell's valves together are weak, making it rare to find angelwings with both halves still intact. Some shell hunters dig for the living clam, and if dug up, the fragile shell must be placed immediately into a container of water or it will close and shatter. The angelwing's shell is popular with collectors, as well as a delicious food staple. The angelwing lives offshore and in estuaries, sometimes as much as a metre (three feet) deep in the mud or clay.
* The Atlantic mud-piddock, Barnea truncata, often referred to as the fallen angelwing, is classed among the angelwing varieties, growing up to 5.7 cm (2¼″) and is similar to other angelwings but with weaker sculpture. One end is squared off and the other end pointed. Loose accessory plates are located above the hinge on live specimens. It possesses a white exterior and interior. It burrows into mud, clay or softwood. Occasionally it is washed onto sounds and ocean beaches, and has a habitat range from Maine to Brazil. This fragile shell is rarely dug from mud without breaking. It burrows deeply and has long, united siphons.
* The false angelwing Petricola pholadiformis, is also classed among varieties of angelwing, growing up to 7 cm (2¾″). It has a thin, elongate shell resembling a small angelwing but lacks the rolled-out hinge area. Its beak is at one end of the shell with strong radial ribbing on the beak end. Teeth are located on hinge and a deep pallial sinus and partially united siphons. It has a white exterior and interior. It typically burrows into hard surfaces such as clay or peat in intertidal zones. It is commonly found on sounds and ocean beaches with a range from Canada to Uruguay.
* The common piddock (Pholas dactylus) is known for its bioluminescence[http://www.marlin.ac.uk/species/Pholasdactylus.htm Basic information for Pholas dactylus (Common piddock)]  and was investigated by Raphaël Dubois in his 1887 discovery of luciferin.

Genera and selected species

* Genus Barnea Risso, 1826
** Barnea candida Linnaeus, 1758
** Barnea fragilis
** Barnea manilensis (Philippi, 1847)
** Barnea parva Pennant, 1777
** Barnea similis (Gray, 1835)
** Barnea subtruncata (G. B. Sowerby I, 1834)
** Barnea truncata (Say, 1822)
* Genus Chaceia Turner, 1855
** Chaceia ovoidea (Gould, 1851)
* Genus Cyrtopleura Tryon, 1862
** Cyrtopleura costata (Linnaeus, 1758)
* Genus Diplothyra Tryon, 1862
** Diplothyra smithii Tryon, 1862
* Genus Jouannetia Desmoulins, 1828
** Jouannetia quillingi Turner, 1955
* Genus Martesia G. B. Sowerby I, 1824
** Martesia cuneiformis (Say, 1822)
** Martesia fragilis A. E. Verrill and Bush, 1890
** Martesia striata (Linnaeus, 1758)
* Genus Netastoma Carpenter, 1864
** Netastoma japonicum (Yokoyama, 1920)
** Netastoma rostratum (Valenciennes, 1846)
* Genus Nettastomella Carpenter, 1865
** Nettastomella darwini (Sowerby, 1849)
* Genus Parapholas Conrad, 1848
** Parapholas californica (Conrad, 1837)
* Genus Penitella Valenciennes, 1846
** Penitella conradi Valenciennes, 1846
** Penitella fitchi Turner, 1955
** Penitella gabbii (Tryon, 1863)
** Penitella hopkinsi Kennedy and Armentrout, 1989
** Penitella kamakurensis (Yokoyama, 1922)
** Penitella penita (Conrad, 1837)
** Penitella richardsoni Kennedy, 1989
** Penitella turnerae Evans and Fisher, 1966
* Genus Pholadidea Turton, 1819
** Pholadidea acherontea Beu and Climo, 1974
** Pholadidea loscombiana Turton, 1819
** Pholadidea spathulata (Sowerby, 1850)
** Pholadidea tridens (Gray, 1843)
* Genus Pholas Linnaeus, 1758
** Pholas campechiensis Gmelin, 1791
** Pholas dactylus Linnaeus, 1758 – common piddock
* Genus Xylophaga Turton, 1822
** Xylophaga abyssorum Dall, 1886
** Xylophaga atlantica Richards, 1942
** Xylophaga dorsalis (Turton, 1819)
** Xylophaga praestans E. A. Smith, 1903
** Xylophaga washingtona Bartsch, 1921
* Genus Xyloredo Turner, 1972
** Xyloredo naceli Turner, 1972
** Xyloredo nooi Turner, 1972
* Genus Zirfaea Gray, 1842
** Zirfaea crispata (Linnaeus, 1758)
** Zirfaea pilsbryi Lowe, 1931

Gallery

Image:Fallen-angel-wing.jpg|Valves of the Atlantic mud-piddock or fallen angelwing, Barnea truncata
Image:Piddocks 01 (pfly).jpg|Siphons of the rough piddock, Zirfaea pilsbryi in Puget Sound
Image:Pholades niches.jpg|burrows, 2.5 cm (1″) or less, in calcic rock, coast Boulogne - Calais (France)
Image:Angelwing burrow1.jpg|Angelwing and associated burrows
Question:
The piddock (Pholadidae and 'angelwings') is a rock-boring?
Answer:
Testaria
Passage:
15th Anniversary - Fifteenth Wedding Anniversary
15th Anniversary - Fifteenth Wedding Anniversary
15th anniversary
 
15th ANNIVERSARY - FIFTEENTH
Your 15th wedding anniversary marks yet another milestone in your journey through life together. It may be overshadowed by the 20th or 25th wedding anniversary, but it is no less important. Here are some symbols associated with the 15th wedding anniversary.
15th Traditional Anniversary Gift: CRYSTAL
Modern Gift: WATCH
Most Popular Song 15 Years Ago: "HOW YOU REMIND ME" - Nickelback
Average Price of Gasoline when you were married: $1.36 / gallon
TRADITIONAL GIFT:: The traditional present for the 15th wedding anniversary is crystal. There are many crystal presents. Here are just a few: crystal bowl, crystal jewelry, crystal rose, crystal photo frame or crystal candlesticks.
MODERN GIFT: The modern present for the 15th wedding anniversary is a watch. A watch is a great piece for a man or woman and can be as expensive or inexpensive as you want. The great thing about a watch is that you can incorporate different gems with it.  Whether it is a diamond or ruby studded watch or a Mickey Mouse watch, it can bring a sense of tradition to your anniversary celebration.
GEMSTONE:Rubies are the second hardest gemstone only to a diamond. Rubies can range in color from orange-red to purple-red. The more red a ruby is the more sought after the stone is. As far back as ancient times the ruby has been thought to enable people to predict the future as well as stop bleeding. More recently, rubies were used to make the first laser. Rubies are an alternative to diamonds when it comes to engagement rings. When worn on the left hand, rubies are said to bring good luck.
FLOWER: The rose is the flower associated with the 15th anniversary. Red roses are the traditional bouquet given to symbolize love. Red roses stand for love and deep passion, lavender roses stand for majesty, white  for purity or innocence and orange roses stand for energy and fascination.  Whether it is a full bouquet or a single red rose, this lovely flower can add an elegant touch to your 15th wedding anniversary.
Question:
What gift is traditionally given on a fifteenth wedding anniversary
Answer:
18k Gold Watch
Passage:
Clouds Hill
Clouds Hill is an isolated cottage near Wareham in the county of Dorset in South West England. It is the former home of T. E. Lawrence ("Lawrence of Arabia") and is now run as a writer's home museum by the National Trust. The site is in
the parish of Turners Puddle in Purbeck District.

History

The small building has colourwashed brick walls and a tiled roof. It was probably built as forester's cottage in the early 19th century.  The lintel over the door now bears a Greek inscription οὐ φροντὶς ("Why Worry"). It is now a Grade II* listed building as "Clouds Hill (Lawrence of Arabia's Cottage)"; it was upgraded from Grade II in 2015. 

Lawrence first rented the cottage in 1923 while stationed at nearby Bovington Camp with the Tank Corps.  He made it habitable with the help of a friend, then bought it in 1925 and used it as a holiday home. He described it as an earthly paradise and wrote "Nothing in Clouds Hill is to be a care upon the world. While I have it there shall be nothing exquisite or unique in it. Nothing to anchor me." The cottage had no electric lights and three living rooms, described as an eating room, book room and music room. For heat insulation Lawrence had the eating room lined with asbestos that was covered in aluminium foil, and he kept his food under glass domes. In the book room he installed a large leather divan, and in the music room above it he had his gramophone "with a huge amplifier horn", a leather sofa and chair.

In 1935 Lawrence left the Royal Air Force and lived at Clouds Hill. A few weeks later, at the age of 46, he suffered severe head injuries in a motorcycle accident close to the cottage, and died in the Bovington Camp hospital on 19 May 1935. The following year, his heir, his brother A. W. Lawrence gave Clouds Hill to the National Trust. It is now a museum, dedicated to Lawrence. It is open to visitors from the end of March to the beginning of October, Thursday – Sunday.

The cottage remains largely as Lawrence left it at his death.  It features an exhibition detailing Lawrence's life, and most of his original furniture and possessions. The cottage reflects his complex personality and links to the Middle East.

The circular Lawrence of Arabia Trail starts and finishes at Bovington's The Tank Museum, taking in Clouds Hill and the churchyard of St Nicholas' Church in Moreton, Lawrence's final resting place. 

Sleeping bags

Lawrence reserved a sleeping bag for guests and visitors who stayed overnight. In 1965 it was stolen. The bag's disappearance coincided with the release of Lawrence of Arabia, the film which popularised his story and it was thought the theft could have been inspired by the publicity and excitement generated by the film.

In 2001, the sleeping bag was returned. The Independent reported: 

"The sleeping bag that served as a guest bed to some of the 20th century's most distinguished authors at TE Lawrence's weekend retreat has been returned 36 years after it was stolen. National Trust custodians of Clouds Hill, the author's cottage in Dorset, were amazed when a weather-beaten package from Belgium arrived containing the sleeping bag, along with a sheepish note that read: 'This is yours'. The bag, embroidered with the word 'tuum' ['yours'], was provided for guests at the cottage, while Lawrence slept on the floor in the other sleeping bag, marked 'meum' ['mine']. According to Jeremy Wilson, Lawrence's biographer, tuum's occupants included George Bernard Shaw, E. M. Forster and Robert Graves"  

Address

[http://maps.google.com/maps?fq&hl
en&qClouds+Hill,+Wareham,+Dorset+BH20+7NQ&sll
50.718988,-2.251682&sspn0.012227,0.043259&ie
UTF8&z11&ll
50.735586,-2.251511&spn0.19556,0.692139&om
1&iwloc=addr Clouds Hill]
Wareham, Dorset BH20 7NQ
Telephone: 01929 405616
Question:
Which 20th century soldier and adventurer lived at Clouds Hill, Dorset?
Answer:
T E Lawrence
Passage:
Fougasse (bread)
In French cuisine, fougasse is a type of bread typically associated with Provence but found (with variations) in other regions. Some versions are sculpted or slashed into a pattern resembling an ear of wheat.

History and etymology

In ancient Rome, panis focacius was a flatbread baked in the ashes of the hearth (focus in Latin).  This became a diverse range of breads that include focaccia in Italian cuisine, hogaza in Spain, fogassa in Catalonia, fugàssa in Ligurian, pogača in the Balkans, pogácsa in Hungary, fougasse in Provence (originally spelled fogatza), fouace or fouée in other French regions and on the Channel Islands.  The Provence version is more likely to have additions in the form of olives, cheese, or anchovies, which may be regarded as a primitive form of pizza without the tomato.

There is also in Portugal the fogaça, a sweet bread. In Brazil, pão sovado is a typical big fougasse, while a recipe, typical of the states of Rio de Janeiro, Espírito Santo and surrounding regions, that is halfway between fougasse and bolillo (in these regions known as pão francês or pão-de-sal), somewhat resembling a savory small brioche, is called pão suíço. They are perhaps the sweetest of savory artisanal bread recipes commonly made in Brazil.

Fougasse was traditionally used to assess the temperature of a wood fired oven. The time it would take to bake gives an idea of the oven temperature and whether the rest of the bread can be loaded.

Fougasse is also a type of pastry from Monaco that is topped with almonds and nuts.

Use in dishes

It is used to make the French version of calzone, which can have cheese and small squarish strips of bacon inside the pocket made by folding over the bread. Other variations include dried fruit, Roquefort and nuts or olives and goat cheese. It is known by extension as a fougasse even though it is more a sandwich than just a type of bread.
Question:
Fougasse, associated with Provence, is what type of food?
Answer:
Somun
Passage:
Waterborne diseases
Waterborne diseases are caused by pathogenic microorganisms that most commonly are transmitted in contaminated fresh water. Infection commonly results during bathing, washing, drinking, in the preparation of food, or the consumption of food thus infected. Various forms of waterborne diarrheal disease probably are the most prominent examples, and affect mainly children in developing countries; according to the World Health Organization, such diseases account for an estimated 4.1% of the total DALY global burden of disease, and cause about 1.8 million human deaths annually. The World Health Organization estimates that 88% of that burden is attributable to unsafe water supply, sanitation and hygiene. 

Overview

The term "waterborne disease" is reserved largely for infections that predominantly are transmitted through contact with or consumption of infected water. Trivially, many infections may be transmitted by microbes or parasites that accidentally, possibly as a result of exceptional circumstances, have entered the water, but the fact that there might be an occasional freak infection need not mean that it is useful to categorise the resulting disease as "waterborne". Nor is it common practice to refer to diseases such as malaria as "waterborne" just because mosquitoes have aquatic phases in their life cycles, or because treating the water they inhabit happens to be an effective strategy in control of the mosquitoes that are the vectors.

Microorganisms causing diseases that characteristically are waterborne prominently include protozoa and bacteria, many of which are intestinal parasites, or invade the tissues or circulatory system through walls of the digestive tract. Various other waterborne diseases are caused by viruses. (In spite of philosophical difficulties associated with defining viruses as "organisms", it is practical and convenient to regard them as microorganisms in this connection.)

Yet other important classes of water-borne diseases are caused by metazoan parasites. Typical examples include certain Nematoda, that is to say "roundworms". As an example of water-borne Nematode infections, one important waterborne nematodal disease is Dracunculiasis. It is acquired by swallowing water in which certain copepoda occur that act as vectors for the Nematoda. Anyone swallowing a copepod that happens to be infected with Nematode larvae in the genus Dracunculus, becomes liable to infection. The larvae cause guinea worm disease. 

Another class of waterborne metazoan pathogens are certain members of the Schistosomatidae, a family of blood flukes. They usually infect victims that make skin contact with the water. Blood flukes are pathogens that cause Schistosomiasis of various forms, more or less seriously affecting hundreds of millions of people world-wide. 

Long before modern studies had established the germ theory of disease, or any advanced understanding of the nature of water as a vehicle for transmitting disease, traditional beliefs had cautioned against the consumption of water, rather favouring processed beverages such as beer, wine and tea. For example, in the camel caravans that crossed Central Asia along the Silk Road, the explorer Owen Lattimore noted, "The reason we drank so much tea was because of the bad water. Water alone, unboiled, is never drunk. There is a superstition that it causes blisters on the feet." 

Socioeconomic impact

Waterborne diseases can have a significant impact on the economy, locally as well as internationally. People who are infected by a waterborne disease are usually confronted with related costs and not seldom with a huge financial burden. This is especially the case in less developed countries. The financial losses are mostly caused by e.g. costs for medical treatment and medication, costs for transport, special food, and by the loss of manpower. Many families must even sell their land to pay for treatment in a proper hospital. On average, a family spends about 10% of the monthly households income per person infected. 

Infections by type of pathogen 

Protozoan 

Parasitic 

Bacterial 

*

Viral 

*

Algal 

*
Question:
The devastating water-borne disease Schistosomiasis, or Snail Fever, is more commonly called what?
Answer:
Genital schistosomiasis
Passage:
Rochebaron
Rochebaron is a soft blue cheese made from pasteurised cow's milk, in the town of Beauzac in the Auvergne region, in the Massif Central, France.

This cheese is one of several that are made by curdling milk and separating the curds from the whey. Pressed into moulds, Rochebaron is then pierced with wires impregnated with Penicillium glaucum to produce blue veins through the soft whitish body of the cheese. The crust of edible ashes is dark matte grey.

Rochebaron is usually sold as a single cheese with an average weight of 600 g.
Question:
If you were to order Rochebaron in a French restaurant, which food would you be served ?
Answer:
Cheeses
Passage:
Saint Alban - CATHOLIC SAINTS
Saint Alban
Saint Alban
Short, concise biography of Saint Alban
History, Life, Biography, Facts and Information about Saint Alban
Fast, concise facts and information about Saint Alban
What is Saint Alban the patron of?
Date of Death
How Saint Alban is represented in Christian Art
Feast Day
Saint Alban
The Patron Saint Alban
What is the definition and the meaning of the Patron         Saints and why were these people chosen to become         patrons of causes, professions and countries? The         term 'Patron' is used in Christian religions,         including the Roman Catholic religion, to describe         holy and virtuous men and women who are considered         to be a defender of a specific group of people or of         a country. There is a patron for virtually every         cause, country, profession or special interest.         There are two categories of saints: martyrs and         confessors. A martyr is one who is put to death for         his Christian faith or convictions.
 
Fast, concise facts and information about Saint Alban
The following provides fast and concise facts and information:
The patron of Converts and refugees
Memorial Day / Feast Day: June 22nd
Date of Death: Saint Alban died in 305
St. Alban was born in the Roman town Verulamium (now Saint Albans) in Hertfordshire, England
Cause of Death: Beheaded
Who or what is Saint Alban the patron saint of?
Saint Alban is the patron of converts and refugees. St. Alban was the first English martyr. Meanings, definition and origins - a patron is considered to be a defender of a specific group of people or of a nation. There is a patron for virtually every cause, profession or special interest. Prayers are considered more likely to be answered by asking a patron for intercession on their behalf. St. Alban is represented by a sword and a fountain, because, when he reached the summit of the hill where he was to be beheaded, he prayed for water to quench his thirst, and immediately a spring appeared at his feet. His burial-place was afterwards revealed to King Offa, who erected a shrine over his remains at what is now St. Albans, in Hertfordshire.
Why is Saint Alban the patron of Converts and refugees?
Why is Saint Alban is the patron of Converts and refugees? St Alban was a Roman soldier who was converted to the Christian faith and became the the first English martyr for his convictions.
Death of Saint Alban
There are two categories of saints: martyrs and confessors. A Christian martyr is regarded as one who is put to death for his Christian faith or convictions. Confessors are people who died natural deaths. Date of Death: Saint Alban died in 305. Cause of Death - he was Beheaded. 
How Saint Alban is represented in Christian Art
It is helpful to be able to recognise Saint Alban in paintings, stained glass windows, illuminated manuscripts, architecture and other forms of Christian art. The artistic representations reflect the life or death of saints, or an aspect of life with which the person is most closely associated. Saint Alban is represented in Christian Art with a sword and a fountain.
Feast Day of Saint Alban
The Feast Day of Saint Alban is June 22nd. The origin of Feast Days: most saints have specially designated feast days and are associated with a specific day of the year and these are referred to as the saint's feast day. The feast days first arose from the very early Christian custom of the annual commemoration of martyrs on the dates of their deaths at the same time celebrating their birth into heaven.
 
History, Life, Biography, Facts and Information about Saint Alban
Fast, concise facts and information about Saint Alban
What is Saint Alban the patron of?
Date of Death: 305
Question:
Who was the first English Christian martyr - his feast day is June 22nd.?
Answer:
Alban, Saint
Passage:
Women's Cricket World Cup
The ICC Women's Cricket World Cup is the premier international championship of women's One Day International cricket. The event is organised by the sport's governing body, the International Cricket Council (ICC). It was originally administered by the International Women's Cricket Council until the two associations merged in 2005. The first tournament was held in England in 1973, two years before the first men's tournament.

Participation in the tournament has varied through the eight competitions: fifteen different teams have played, but only Australia, England and New Zealand have appeared in every tournament. India have appeared in all but two of the competitions. Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago and Young England have all appeared in just one tournament: in each case, the first competition, in 1973.

The most recent tournament, the 2013 Women's Cricket World Cup, was held in India for the third time in February. In the final Australia beat West Indies by 114 runs at the Brabourne Stadium.

History

First World Cup

Women's international cricket was first played in 1934, when a party from England toured Australia and New Zealand. The first Test match was played on 28–31 December 1934, and was won by England.  The first Test against New Zealand followed early the following year. These three nations remained the only Test playing teams in women's cricket until 1960, when South Africa played a number of matches against England. Limited overs cricket was first played by first-class teams in England in 1962.  Nine years later, the first international one day match was played in men's cricket, when England took on Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. 

Talks began in 1971 about holding a World Cup for women's cricket, led by Jack Hayward.  South Africa, under pressure from the world for their apartheid laws, were not invited to take part in the competition.  Both of the other two Test playing nations, Australia and New Zealand were invited. Hayward had previously organised tours of the West Indies by England women, and it was from this region that the other two competing nations were drawn; Jamaica and Trinidad & Tobago. To make up the numbers, England also fielded a "Young England" team, and an "International XI" was also included. Five South Africans were invited to play for the International XI as a means of compensation for the team not being invited, but these invitations were later withdrawn.

The inaugural tournament was held at a variety of venues across England in June and July 1973,  two years before the first men's Cricket World Cup was played.  The competition was played as a round-robin tournament, and the last scheduled match was England against Australia. Australia went into the game leading the table by a solitary point: they had won four matches and had one abandoned. England had also won four matches, but they had lost to New Zealand.  As a result, the match also served as a de facto final for the competition. England won the match, held at Edgbaston, Birmingham by 92 runs to win the tournament. 

Results

By year

By team

;Legend
* – Champions
* – Runners-up
* – Third place
* – Losing semi-finalist (no third-place playoff)
*QF – Losing quarter-finalist (no further playoffs)
*1R – First round
* — Hosts

Records
Question:
Who won the Women's Cricket World Cup played at Sydney, Australia, in 2009?
Answer:
Englnad
Passage:
Men's Fastest Mile Times (World Records) - About.com Sports
World Records for Men's Fastest Mile Times
By Mike Rosenbaum
Updated September 23, 2016.
It’s never been an Olympic or World Championship event, yet the mile remains the only non-metric race distance in which the IAAF recognizes a world record. Long after the other non-metric distances have vanished from the world record books, those 5,280 feet, or 1,760 yards – or about 1.61 kilometers – continue to capture the imaginations of runners and fans alike as a premier middle distance event.
The first IAAF-recognized world record in the mile was run by John Paul Jones of the U.S. No, the record doesn’t go back to the American Revolution. This John Paul Jones performed his feat on May 31, 1913, in Allston, Mass., where he completed the mile in 4:14.4. France’s Jules Ladoumegue later brought the mark under 4:10, running 4:09.2 on Oct. 4, 1931, in Paris. The mark crept down toward the 4-minute mark throughout the 1940s. In a 3-year period from July 1942 through July 1945 a pair of Swedes, Gunder Hagg, and Arne Andersson, exchanged the record six times.
continue reading below our video
Understanding Baseball
Hagg ended the give-and-take with a time of 4:01.4 on July 17, 1945. His mark stood for almost nine years, during which time the pundits debated on whether a 4-minute mile was humanly possible, as a runner after runner tried and failed to crack a key psychological – and, as some believed, physical – barrier.
The 4-Minute Mile:
On May 6, 1954, great Britain’s Roger Bannister answered the questions by running the first sub-4:00 miles, finishing in 3:59.4 while assisted by a pair of pacemakers. Bannister, then a medical student, developed his own training methods – featuring relatively short, intense workouts – that carried him through on a windy day. Bannister ran lap times of 57.5, 60.7, 62.3 and 58.9 seconds. He was timed in 3:43.0 through 1500 meters.
While Bannister is famous for shattering the 4-minute barrier, many forget that he held the title for less than seven weeks before Australia’s John Landy finished in 3:58.0 on June 21, 1954. Bannister retired from racing before the end of the year, to devote himself to medicine, but not before racing against Landy in “The Mile of the Century” in Vancouver that August. Landy shot in front by the end of the first lap, hoping to wear out the normally fast-finishing Bannister. But Bannister ran his own race, paced himself, then shot into the lead with less than 90 yards remaining to win in 3:58.8 to Landy’s 3:59.6, the first time two runners topped four minutes in the same race.
In 1958 Australia’s Herb Elliott ran 3:54.5 to break the record set the previous year by Derek Ibbotson by 2.7 seconds, the biggest drop in the world record time during the IAAF era.
The record returned to U.S. soil in 1966 when the precocious Jim Ryun posted a 3:51.3 time, which he lowered to 3:51.1 the following year. Ryun was the first high school runner to break four minutes, with a time of 3:59 in 1964. At age 18 he owned the U.S. mile record of 3:55.3. At 19 he owned the world record. He was the fourth and, as of 2012, the last American to reign as the mile’s world record-holder.
John Walker Cracks 3:50:
New Zealand’s John Walker took the record below 3:50 in August 1975 with a time of 3:49.4, fulfilling his promise to the organizers of the meet held in Goteborg, Sweden. Walker convinced meet officials to change the scheduled 1500-meter race to the mile, telling them he’d take a shot at the world record. He was paced through the first half mile, with lap times of 55.8 and 59.3, then sped up on the final two laps, running the third quarter in 57.9 and the fourth in 56.4 seconds. Walker eventually became the first man to run 100 sub-4:00 miles.
Great Britain then enjoyed a stretch of 14 years in which three different British runners owned the mark. Just as Hagg and Andersson played give-and-go with the record in the ‘40s, so too did Sebastian Coe and Steve Ovett in 1979-81. In a 25-month stretch, beginning in July 1979 when Coe edged Walker’s mark by four-tenths of a second, Coe owned the record three times and Ovett twice. Coe began the British siege in only the third-mile race of his life, in an Oslo meet in which Walker participated. Coe finally prevailed in his duel with Ovett, as Coe’s time of 3:47.33 set in August of 1981 lived for almost four years before Steve Cram lowered it to 3:46.32 in 1985.
El Guerrouj Takes Charge:
Only one African runner – Filbert Bayi, who broke Ryun’s record and held the mile mark for just three months – had owned the mile record before Algeria’s Noureddine Morceli topped Cram’s mark by running 3:44.39 on Sept. 5, 1993. The 1.93-second drop in the record was the largest margin since Ryun set his first record in 1966. Morocco’s Hicham El Guerrouj then lowered the mark to 3:43.13 on July 7, 1999 – almost identical to Bannister’s 1500-meter time in 1954 – yet came close to losing the race, held in Rome’s Olympic Stadium. Noah Ngeny ran with El Guerrouj all the way and edged Morceli’s record as well, finishing in 3:43.40. With his mark still intact in 2015, El Guerrouj has held the IAAF mile record longer than anyone else, while Ngeny’s time remained No. 2 on the all-time list. As of 2015, El Guerrouj had seven of the top 10 mile times in history; Alan Webb owns the fastest mile of the 21st century by someone other than El Guerrouj, posting a time of 3:46.91 in 2007.
Read more about:
Question:
Who was the first man to break three and a half minutes for the 1500 metres
Answer:
Stephen Cram
Passage:
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer ...
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer spree
Cash from TV deals drives record European soccer transfer spree
* Premier League leads way as soccer clubs splash TV cash
* Real Madrid and Barcelona defy Spain's economic downturn
* Clubs seen complying with UEFA rules despite investment
By Keith Weir
LONDON, Sept 3 (Reuters) - European soccer clubs have reinvested cash from television deals to go on a record-breaking summer spending spree led by teams from the English Premier League and Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Clubs in the English top flight had spent 630 million pounds ($980.5 million) by the player transfer deadline on Monday night. Teams in the big European leagues must now wait until January before they can hire new players.
The spending by English clubs broke the 2008 record of 500 million pounds, according to figures compiled by business services group Deloitte, and underlined the Premier League's status as the world's richest national competition.
"As the financial rewards for participation and success in the Premier League increase, so it follows that clubs are investing on the pitch to ensure they continue to benefit from the remarkable Premier League growth story," Deloitte's Dan Jones said.
Champions Manchester United and the other 19 Premier League teams are expected to share revenues of about 1.6 billion pounds this season thanks to enhanced television deals with BSkyB and BT in Britain, and broadcasters around the globe that began last month.
It was not all one-way traffic as the Premier League lost one of its biggest names when Real Madrid bought Welshman Gareth Bale from Tottenham Hotspur for a world record 100 million euros ($132 million).
Not to be outdone, Real's perennial rivals Barcelona spent $75 million to buy Brazil forward Neymar from Brazilian top division club Santos.
PLAYING FAIR?
Spending such sums might appear to defy logic given Spain's economic problems but Real and Barcelona enjoy the luxury of doing their own TV deals rather than pooling revenues as happens in England and other major leagues.
That has made the two clubs the world's richest in terms of revenues and allowed them to remain buyers when many of their Spanish rivals are forced to sell their best players.
Real and Barcelona have TV deals with Spanish production and distribution company Mediapro. They both also have lucrative new main sponsorship deals this season - Barcelona with Qatar Airways and Real with the Emirates airline names on their kit.
Overall spending levels may also raise eyebrows when loss-making clubs are supposed to be complying with new Financial Fair Play rules introduced by UEFA, European soccer's governing body, to put soccer on a more stable footing.
"A lot of English clubs have gone on a spending spree but they haven't breached the Financial Fair Play rules as they are only spending what they have earned," said Simon Chadwick, a professor of sports business at England's Coventry University.
Clubs also have the advantage of spreading the cost of a player's transfer over the duration of his contract in their accounts, lessening the impact on the bottom line.
Many clubs also offload players to help fund spending.
Real Madrid are a case in point - recouping half of what they paid for Bale by selling German international Mesut Ozil to Premier League Arsenal.
Indeed, the total invested by Premier League clubs comes down to 400 million pounds when proceeds from sales such as that of Bale are factored in.
Spanish clubs actually generated a surplus of 95 million pounds from player trading this summer, according to Deloitte, while clubs from Italy's cash-strapped Serie A also posted a small profit.
Reblog
Question:
According to a survey carried out by Deloittes early in 2009, which was the world's richest soccer club at that time?
Answer:
Real madrid cf
Passage:
Royal Parks of London
The Royal Parks of London are lands originally owned by the monarchy of the United Kingdom for the recreation (mostly hunting) of the royal family. They are part of the hereditary possessions of The Crown.

Parks

With increasing urbanisation of London, some of these were preserved as freely accessible open space and became public parks with the introduction of the Crown Lands Act 1851. There are today eight parks formally described by this name and they cover almost  2000 ha of land in Greater London.

* Bushy Park, 445 ha  
* Green Park, 19 ha  
* Greenwich Park, 74 ha  
* Hyde Park, 142 ha  
* Kensington Gardens, 111 ha  
* Regent's Park, 166 ha  
* Richmond Park, 955 hectares   (2360 acre)
* St. James's Park, 23 ha  

Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens (which are adjacent), Green Park, Regent's Park and St James's Park are the largest green spaces in central London. Bushy Park, Greenwich Park and Richmond Park are in the suburbs. The Royal Parks agency also manages Brompton Cemetery, Grosvenor Square Gardens, Victoria Tower Gardens and the gardens of 10, 11 and 12 Downing Street. 

Hampton Court Park is also a royal park within Greater London, but, because it contains a palace, it is administered by the Historic Royal Palaces, unlike the eight Royal Parks. 

Legal position

The public does not have any legal right to use the Parks, as public access depends on the grace and favour of The Crown, although there are public rights of way across the land. The Royal Parks Agency manages the Royal Parks under powers derived from section 22 of the Crown Lands Act 1851. As part of its statutory management function the Agency permits the public to use the Parks for recreational purposes, subject to regulations issued under the Parks Regulation Acts 1872–1926 which are considered necessary to secure proper management, preserve order and prevent abuse within the Parks. The current regulations are the Royal Parks and Other Open Spaces Regulations 1997.

Management

They are managed by The Royal Parks (an executive agency of the Department for Culture, Media and Sport) and are policed by the Royal Parks Operational Command Unit of the Metropolitan Police (the English section of the previous force policing the parks, the Royal Parks Constabulary, has been abolished). The main form of funding for the Royal Parks is a central government grant. This contrasts with most of London's other parks, which are funded by local borough councils. The Royal Parks generate additional income from commercial activities such as catering and staging public events such as concerts.

The Royal Parks Foundation is a registered charity which raises funds to protect, support and create new opportunities within the Parks. They have a number of membership schemes such as adoption and champion programmes.

Mayoral control

In 2010, Mayor of London Boris Johnson proposed that control over the Royal Parks should be devolved to the Greater London Authority  and the government put forward proposals for that to happen later on that year.  The plan was welcomed by Royal Parks but it is yet to be implemented following the 2012 London Olympic games.
Question:
If the eight Royal Parks in London are arranged alphabetically which comes last?
Answer:
St. James's
Passage:
Drawing pin
A thumb tack (North American English) or push pin is a short nail or pin used to fasten items to a wall or board for display and intended to be inserted by hand, generally without the assistance of tools. A variety of names are used to refer to different designs intended for various purpose. Thumb tack and push pin are both sometimes compounded (thumbtack or pushpin) or hyphenated (thumb-tack or push-pin). Thumb tacks made of brass, tin or iron may be referred to as brass tacks, brass pins, tin tacks or iron tacks, respectively.  These terms are particularly used in the idiomatic expression to come (or get) down to brass (or otherwise) tacks, meaning to consider basic facts of a situation.  Drawing pin or drawing-pin refers to thumb tacks used to hold drawings on drawing boards. Map pin or map tack refers to thumb tacks used to mark locations on a map and to hold the map in place.

History

Edwin Moore invented the "push-pin" in 1900 and founded the Moore Push-Pin Company. Moore described the push-pin as a pin with a handle.  Later, in 1904, in Lychen, German clockmaker Johann Kirsten invented flat-headed thumb tacks for use with drawings. 

Design

A thumb tack has two basic components: the head, often made of plastic, metal or  wood, and the body, usually made of steel or brass. The head is wide to distribute the force of pushing the tack in, allowing only the hands to be used. Many head designs exist: flat, domed, spherical, cylindrical and a variety of novelty heads such as hearts or stars. Thumb tack heads also come in a variety of colors. These can be particularly useful to mark different locations on a map. Some thumb tack designs have the body cut out of the head and bent downward to produce a tack.

Domed or gripped heads are sometimes preferred over flat heads as dropped flat-headed tacks will point upward, posing a hazard.  Thumb tacks also pose a hazard of ingestion and choking, where they may do serious harm.
Question:
What do we call what the Americans call a thumb tack?
Answer:
Map pin
