Passage:
Hatmaking
Hatmaking is the manufacture of hats and head-wear. Millinery is the designing and manufacture of hats.  A millinery shop is a store that sells those goods.

A milliner or hatter designs, makes, trims, or sells hats.

Millinery is sold to women, men and children, though some definitions limit the term to women's hats.   Historically, milliners, typically female shopkeepers, produced or imported an inventory of garments for men, women, and children, including hats, shirts, cloaks, shifts, caps, neckerchiefs, and undergarments, and sold these garments in their millinery shop.

More recently, the term milliner has evolved to describe a person who designs, makes, sells or trims hats primarily for a female clientele.

The origin of the term is probably the Middle English milener, meaning an inhabitant of the city of Milan or one who deals in items from Milan,  known for its fashion and clothing.

Types of millinery

Many styles of headgear have been popular through history and worn for different functions and events. They can be part of uniforms or worn to indicate social status. Styles include the top hat, hats worn as part of military uniforms, cowboy hat, and cocktail hat..

Notable hatters and milliners

This is a partial list of people who have had a significant influence on hatmaking and millinery.

Hatters

* John Cavanagh, an American hatter whose innovations included manufacturing regular, long and wide-oval fitting hats to enable customers to find better-fitting ready-to-wear hats. 
* James Lock & Co. of London (founded 1676), is credited with the introduction of the bowler hat in 1849. 
* John Batterson Stetson, credited with inventing the classic cowboy hat 
* Giuseppe Borsalino, with the famous "Borsalino" Fedora hat.

Milliners
 

* Anna Ben-Yusuf wrote The Art of Millinery (1909), one of the first reference books on millinery technique.Jones, Stephen & 
* Rose Bertin, milliner and modiste to Marie Antoinette, is often described as the world's first celebrity fashion designer. 
* John Boyd is one of London's most respected milliners and is known for the famous pink tricorn hat worn by Diana, Princess of Wales. 
* Lilly Daché was a famous American milliner of the mid-20th century.
* Frederick Fox was an Australian born milliner noted for his designs for the British Royal family.
* Mr. John was an American milliner considered by some to be the millinery equivalent of Dior in the 1940s and 1950s. 
* Stephen Jones of London, is considered one of the world's most radical and important milliners of the late 20th and early 21st centuries.[http://www.vam.ac.uk/microsites/hats-anthology/the-exhibition/stephen-jones.html Biography of Stephen Jones] on the V&A Museum website, accessed 1 April 2009
* Simone Mirman was known for her designs for Elizabeth II and other members of the British Royal Family.
* Caroline Reboux was a renowned milliner of the 19th and early 20th centuries.
* David Shilling is a renowned milliner, artist and designer based in Monaco. 
* Philip Treacy of London is an award-winning milliner.
Question:
What does a milliner make?
Answer:
Titfer
Passage:
Carolyn Davidson
Carolyn Davidson is a graphic designer best known for designing the Nike "swoosh" logo. The Nike "swoosh" was named the Number 1 most iconic logo of all time in Complex (magazine)'s 50 Most Iconic Brand Logos of All Time.   

Davidson designed the swoosh in 1971 while a graphic design student at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon. She started as a journalism major, but switched to design after taking a design course to "fill an empty elective."  Phil Knight, who was teaching an accounting class at the university, overheard Davidson say that she couldn't afford oil painting supplies, and asked her to do some work for what was then Blue Ribbon Sports, Inc. Knight asked Davidson to design a shoe stripe logo that "had something to do with movement." She gave him five different designs, one of which was the "swoosh."  Needing to choose a logo in order to meet looming production deadlines, Knight settled on the swoosh, after rejecting four other designs by Davidson. At the time, he stated of the logo, "I don't love it, but it will grow on me."  For her services, the company paid her $35, which, if adjusted for inflation for 2015, would be the value equivalent of about $205.  Davidson continued working for Blue Ribbon Sports (it officially became Nike, Inc. in 1971), until the design demands of the growing company were beyond one person's capacity. In 1976, the company hired its first external advertising agency, John Brown and Partners, and Davidson went on to work on other clients' needs.

In September 1983, nearly three years after the company went public, Knight invited Davidson to a company lunch. There, he presented her with a diamond ring engraved with the Swoosh, and an envelope filled with 500 shares of Nike stock (which have since split into more shares).   Of the gift, Davidson says, "this was something rather special for Phil to do, because I originally billed him and he paid that invoice." Davidson went on to be known as "The Logo Lady." In 1995, Nike removed the word "Nike" from the logo. The "swoosh" stands alone as the brand's logo.
Question:
In 1964, what did University of Oregon grad. student Carolyn Davidson design for $35?
Answer:
Swoosh logo
Passage:
Anemone nemorosa
Anemone nemorosa is an early-spring flowering plant in the genus Anemone in the family Ranunculaceae, native to Europe. Common names include wood anemone, windflower, thimbleweed, and smell fox, an allusion to the musky smell of the leaves. It is a perennial herbaceous plant growing 5 - tall.

Biology

The plants start blooming soon after the foliage emerges from the ground. The leaves are divided into three segments and the flowers, produced on short stems, are held above the foliage with one flower per stem. They grow from underground root-like stems called rhizomes and the foliage dies back down by mid summer (summer dormant). The rhizomes spread just below the soil surface, forming long spreading clumps that grow quickly, contributing to its rapid spread in woodland conditions, where they often carpet large areas.

The flower is 2 cm diameter, with six or seven (and on rare occasions eight to ten) tepals (petal-like segments) with many stamens. In the wild the flowers are usually white but may be pinkish, lilac or blue, and often have a darker tint on the backs of the tepals. The flowers are pollinated by insects, especially hoverflies.Blank, S. and M. Wulf. [http://homepage-zalf.ext.zalf.de/programs/show_fp1/detail.aspx?fid
1128&idx1&idz
2&langeng&text
 Investigations on seed production and pollinator biology of Anemone nemorosa (Buschwindröschen).] Leibniz-Centre for Agricultural Landscape Research (ZALF). 2008.

Grown from seed the plants take around five years to flower.  

The yellow wood anemone (Anemone ranunculoides) is a similar plant with slightly smaller, yellow flowers.

Medicinal uses

The plant contains poisonous chemicals that are toxic to animals including humans, but it has also been used as a medicine. All parts of the plant contain protoanemonin, which can cause severe skin and gastrointestinal irritation, bitter taste and burning in the mouth and throat, mouth ulcers, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and hematemesis. 

Cultivation

Anemone nemorosa is grown as an ornamental plant for use in gardens and parks.

;Cultivars
Many cultivars have been selected for garden use, such as Anemone nemorosa 'Allenii' which has large blue flowers. It has been awarded an Award of Garden Merit (AGM) H4 (hardy throughout the British Isles) by the Royal Horticultural Society, as have several of its cultivars (see below).

The RHS Plant Finder 2008–2009 lists 70 cultivars of Anemone nemorosa (AGM H4) available from nurseries in the UK. Some of those most widely available are:

* 'Alba Plena' - double white
* 'Allenii' (AGM H4) - large lavender-blue flowers, often with seven petals (named after James Allen, nurseryman)
* 'Bowles' Purple' - purple flowers (named after E.A. Bowles, plantsman and garden writer)
* 'Bracteata Pleniflora' - double, white flowers, with green streaks and a frilly ruff of bracts
* 'Robinsoniana' (AGM H4) - pale lavender-blue flowers (named after William Robinson, plantsman and garden writer)
* 'Royal Blue' - deep blue flowers with purple backs
* 'Vestal' (AGM H4) - white, anemone-centred flowers
* 'Virescens' (AGM H4) - flowers mutated into small conical clusters of leaves.

Anemone × lipsiensis, a hybrid between A. nemorosa and A. ranunculoides, has pale yellow flowers; A. × lipsiensis 'Pallida' is the best-known result of this cross. It has been awarded the AGM H4, like both of its parents. 

Gallery

File:Anemone nemorosa LC0256.jpg|Form
File:Zawilec gajowy cm02.jpg|Colonial growth
File:DoubleWoodAnemone.jpg|Double-flowered cultivar
File:Anemone nemorosa pink 240406.jpg|Pink-flowered plant in Germany
File:Anemone nemorosa Nashville.jpg|Blue-flowered plant in Nashville
File:Anemone_Nemorosa_6-9.jpg|Flowers with six, seven, eight and nine tepals
File:Anemone_Nemorosa_10.jpg|Flower with ten tepals
Question:
What's another popular name for the wood anemone?
Answer:
Wind flower
Passage:
Penny Lane by The Beatles - Song Meanings at Songfacts
Penny Lane by The Beatles Songfacts
Penny Lane by The Beatles Songfacts
Songfacts
Paul McCartney was sitting at a bus shelter waiting for John Lennon to meet him on Penny Lane, a street near their houses. While sitting there Paul jotted down the things he saw, including a barber's shop with pictures of its clients and a nurse selling poppies for Remembrance Day (November 11th or the day World War I officially ended). He later turned these into the song we now know. Penny Lane still contains the bank and barber's shop mentioned in the song, however the shelter in the middle of the roundabout where the nurse sells the poppies has now become a restaurant named Sgt. Pepper's Bistro. >>
Suggestion credit:
James - St. Albans, England
While the song is called "Penny Lane" and is a road in Liverpool, the song is really a reference to the Penny Lane Bus Station (now gone) next to "The shelter in the middle of the roundabout" (now the Sgt. Peppers bistro). When the boys were young they used to meet at this bus station as it was a hub to get them anywhere else they wanted to go and was centrally located to all of them.
The trumpet part was added after the rest of the song was finished. McCartney was watching the BBC when he saw a group called The New Philharmonia perform Bach's "Brandenburg Concerto #2." He got the idea to add a trumpet part, and asked the group's trumpet player, Dave Mason, to play on this track. Mason brought nine trumpets to the session, eventually deciding to use a B-flat piccolo trumpet. Mason, who is not the same Dave Mason from the group Traffic, played on a few other Beatles songs, including " A Day In The Life ," "Magical Mystery Tour," and " All You Need Is Love ."
McCartney credits Beatles producer George Martin for translating the trumpet line to Mason, as Martin spoke musician. McCartney sang the part he wanted, and Martin transcribed it to a piece of paper that he gave to Mason. It's one of many examples of how Martin helped the group execute their boundary-breaking ideas.
Dave Mason played some trumpet for the end of the song, but it was cut out from the final release. It did make it onto the promotional single sent to radio stations, and was also used in the mix released on the Anthology album. Mason died on April 29, 2011 at age 85.
John Lennon played piano and George Harrison played the conga drum. There is no guitar.
There are some obscene references in this song that were intentional - "Finger Pie" and "keeps his fire engine clean" were sexual slang.
The first time The Beatles appeared with facial hair was in the promotional film for this song. The clip shows the band on horseback, trotting around Angel Lane in London (not Penny Lane). By this time, the group had stopped touring, so the only way many fans could see them perform was on music videos like this one. A restored version of the video appears on the 1+ compilation, released in 2015.
Street signs on Penny Lane in Liverpool began disappearing after this was released. The town painted "Penny Lane" on buildings to avoid theft.
This was the Beatles' first single since " Please Please Me " four years earlier that didn't hit #1 in England.
This and " Strawberry Fields Forever " were intended for Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, but Capitol Records decided to release the two songs as a single, partly to regain popularity from John Lennon's "The Beatles are bigger than Jesus" comment. >>
Suggestion credit:
Julian - Anaheim, CA
In the movie Almost Famous, Penny Lane is the name of one of the groupies. Kate Hudson was nominated for an Oscar for the role.
Lennon's mother Julia at one time worked as a cinema usher and a waitress in Penny Lane. >>
Suggestion credit:
Bertrand - Paris, France
Penny Lane in Liverpool England is named after James Penny, an 18th century slave ship owner. >>
Suggestion credit:
kelso - mission control, Africa
The piccolo trumpet that Dave Mason played on this track was sold at auction in 1987 for the equivalent of nearly $11,000. >>
Suggestion credit:
Bertrand - Paris, France
The lyric, "pretty nurse selling poppies from a tray" is believed to refer to Beth Davidson, who married Lennon's boyhood friend, Pete Shotton.
The reference to the barber, with "photographs of every head he's had the pleasure to have known," was later identified as James Bioletti, who used to cut the hair of Lennon, McCartney and Harrison when they were children.
The "banker in a motor car" on the other hand was invented by McCartney for the simple reason that it rhymed.
Providing some perspective on this song and the songwriting talents of Paul McCartney, Seth Swirsky, who produced the Beatles documentary Beatles Stories and spent years as a staff songwriter for Chappell Music, told us: "He could do so many things, and he could do things that are hard to quantify. Some people might say, 'Well, I like Hall and Oates as songwriters,' let's just say. But they do that 8th note thing where they're just banging on the piano, like 'Kiss On My List,' so you could kind of copy their sound a little bit, or copy their style of writing. Very hard to copy McCartney, because you just don't come out with ' Penny Lane ,' where it just changes keys. It's out of a different kind of brain." (Check out our full interview with Seth Swirsky .)
Question:
Where might you expect to meet “a pretty nurse … selling poppies from a tray”?
Answer:
Penney Lane
Passage:
Hey Diddle Diddle
"Hey Diddle Diddle" (also "Hi Diddle Diddle", "The Cat and the Fiddle", or "The Cow Jumped Over the Moon") is an English nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19478. 

Lyrics

A common modern version of the rhyme is:

Hey diddle diddle,
The cat and the fiddle,
The cow jumped over the moon.
The little dog laughed,
To see such sport,
And the dish ran away with the spoon.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 203–4.

Origins

The rhyme may date back to at least the sixteenth century. There is a reference in Thomas Preston's play A lamentable tragedy mixed ful of pleasant mirth, conteyning the life of Cambises King of Percia, printed in 1569 that may refer to the rhyme:

They be at hand Sir with stick and fidle;
They can play a new dance called hey-didle-didle.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 203–4.

Another possible reference is in Alexander Montgomerie's The Cherry and the Slae from 1597:

But since you think't an easy thing
To mount above the moon,
Of your own fiddle take a spring
And dance when you have done.C. R. Wilson and M. Calore, Music in Shakespeare: a Dictionary (London: Continuum, 2005), ISBN 0826478468, p. 171.

The name "Cat and the Fiddle" was a common name for inns, including one known to have been at Old Chaunge, London by 1587.

The earliest recorded version of the poem in close to the modern form was printed in London in Mother Goose's Melody around 1765, with the lyrics:
Hey diddle diddle,
The Cat and the Fiddle,
The Cow jump'd over the Moon,
The little dog laugh'd to see such Craft,
And the Dish ran away with the Spoon.

Meaning

There are numerous theories about the origin of the rhyme, including: James Orchard Halliwell's suggestion that it was a corruption of ancient Greek, probably advanced as a result of a deliberate hoax; that it was connected with Hathor worship; that it refers to various constellations (Taurus, Canis Minor, etc.); that it describes the Flight from Egypt; that it depicts Elizabeth, Lady Katherine Grey, and her relationships with the earls of Hertford and Leicester; that it deals with anti-clerical feeling over  injunctions by Catholic priests for harder work; that it describes Katherine of Aragon (Katherine la Fidèle); Catherine, the wife of Peter the Great; Canton de Fidèle, a supposed governor of Calais and the game of cat (trap-ball). This profusion of unsupported explanations was satirised by J.R.R. Tolkien in his fictional explanations of 'The Man in the Moon Stayed Up Too Late'.  Most scholarly commentators consider these to be unproven and state that the verse is probably meant to be simply nonsense.

Melody

The melody commonly associated with the rhyme was first recorded by the composer and nursery rhyme collector James William Elliott in his National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs (1870). 

Adaptations

* 1978 Soviet animated film "A Fantastic Tale" () by Andrei Khrzhanovsky, based on translation of Samuil Marshak. 
* Hey Diddle Diddle was featured in Jim Henson's Mother Goose Stories.
* Hey Diddle Diddle Right Up the Middle, a slang term for a military strategy of frontal assault
* Hey Diddle Diddle Ray Rice up the middle.
* A version of Hey Diddle Diddle was featured in J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings.
* The Black Sabbath song Supernaut from Vol. 4 mentions being on the moon and looking for the dish that ran away with the spoon
* It features in a reggae song by Sylford Walker – "What a Lie".
* The illustration appeared as a backdrop when Dennis Hopper was offered a cup of coffee by Luana Anders at a merry-go-round in the 1961 movie Night Tide.
*In the musical Rent, the character Maureen sings a version of the rhyme, entitled "Over The Moon".
*In the animated movie Shaun the Sheep Movie, an homage to the nursery rhyme is shown in one scene.
*In the animated series American Dad! Season 7 episode 6 There Will Be Bad Blood a cow is seen jumping over the moon only to fall to Earth near the end.

Notes
Question:
"In the nursery rhyme beginning ""Hey Diddle Diddle"", who jumped over the moon?"
Answer:
🐄
Passage:
Okta
In meteorology, an okta is a unit of measurement used to describe the amount of cloud cover at any given location such as a weather station. Sky conditions are estimated in terms of how many eighths of the sky are covered in cloud, ranging from 0 oktas (completely clear sky) through to 8 oktas (completely overcast). In  addition, in the SYNOP code there is an extra cloud cover indicator '9' indicating that the sky is totally obscured (i.e. hidden from view), usually due to dense fog or heavy snow.

When used in weather charts, okta measurements are shown by means of graphic symbols (rather than numerals) contained within weather circles, to which are attached further symbols indicating other measured data such as wind speed and wind direction. 

Although relatively straightforward to measure (visually, for instance, by using a mirror ), oktas only estimate cloud cover in terms of the area of the sky covered by clouds. They do not account for cloud type or thickness, and this limits their use for estimating cloud albedo or surface solar radiation receipt.

Cloud oktas can also be measured using satellite imagery from geostationary satellites equipped with high-resolution image sensors such as Himawari-8. Similar to traditional approaches, satellite images do not account for cloud composition.

Oktas are often referenced in aviation weather forecasts and low level forecasts: SKC sky clear; FEW 
 1 to 2 oktas; SCT 3 to 4 oktas; BKN 
 5 to 7 oktas; OVC 8 oktas; NSC 
 nil significant cloud; CAVOK = ceiling and visibility okay.
Question:
In meteorology, what is measured in 'Oktas'?
Answer:
CLOUD COVER
Passage:
Una Stubbs - IMDb
Una Stubbs - IMDb
IMDb
Una Stubbs was born on May 1, 1937 in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England. She is an actress, known for Sherlock (2010), Till Death Us Do Part (1965) and The Wind in the Willows (1983). She was previously married to Nicky Henson and Peter Gilmore . See full bio »
Born:
a list of 31 people
created 27 Apr 2013
a list of 45 people
created 03 Feb 2014
a list of 859 people
created 08 Mar 2015
a list of 45 people
created 14 Mar 2015
a list of 32 people
created 7 months ago
Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage
How much of Una Stubbs's work have you seen?
User Polls
 2015 Call the Midwife (TV Series)
Gert Mills
 1998-2015 Midsomer Murders (TV Series)
Audrey Braylesford / Selina Jennings
 2013 The Tractate Middoth (TV Movie)
Miss Chambers
 2013 Coming Up (TV Series)
Cynthia
- Christmas Special (2011) ... Aunt Good Spelling
 2009 Ingenious (TV Movie)
 2004 Von Trapped (TV Movie)
Kath Moogan
 2003 Born and Bred (TV Series)
Joy
 1996 Wings the Legacy (TV Movie)
Fay
 1996 Delta Wave (TV Series short)
Gilly Pigeon
 1995 Keeping Up Appearances (TV Series)
Mrs Moody
 1989 Victoria Wood (TV Series)
Una
 1989 Tricky Business (TV Series)
Mrs. Breeze
- Crate Expectations (1989) ... Mrs. Breeze
- Mis-direction (1989) ... Mrs. Breeze
 1985 Happy Families (TV Series)
Mother Superior
 1984 Cannon and Ball (TV Series)
Rose - African Queen Sketch
 1983 Victor & Maria (TV Series)
Narrator (voice)
 1982 Educating Marmalade (TV Series)
Fifi La Touche
 1979 Fawlty Towers (TV Series)
Alice
 1971 Shirley's World (TV Series)
Marion
 1967 Boy Meets Girl (TV Series)
Jane Baron
 1962 Benny Hill (TV Series)
Girlfriend
Soundtrack (2 credits)
 1966 Three Hats for Lisa (performer: "The Boy on the Corner of the Street Where I Live", "Something Tells Me (I Shouldn't Do This)", "I'm the King of the Castle", "Bermondsey", "L O N D O N (London Town)", "Three Hats for Lisa", "Two Cockney Kids", "Have You Heard About Johnny Howjego", "That What Makes A Girl A Girl", "Covent Garden" - uncredited)
 1964 Swingers' Paradise (performer: "We Love a Movie", "All Kinds of People", "A Matter of Moments")
Hide
Question:
Which actress played the part of Mrs Hudson in the TV series Sherlock first screened in 2010?
Answer:
Una Stubbs
Passage:
World Leaders in 1914 - Maps of World
World Leaders in 1914
World Map / World War I / World Leaders in 1914
World Leaders in 1914
The leaders of the Allied and Central nations in 1914 played an important role
in the diplomatic developments in prewar times and also chalked the course of the World War I
Austria- Hungary
The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand
, heir to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire was one of the primary catalysts in the outbreak of the war.
Emperor Franz Joseph I
was the Emperor of Austria-Hungary in 1914. Following his nephew, Archduke Franz Ferdinand’s assassination, Emperor Franz Joseph I issued Serbia a harsh ultimatum.
It is believed that this ultimatum and its terms were drawn up by Austria-Hungary’s foreign minister, Count Leopold von Berchtold.
Count Karl von Stürgkh
was the minister-president of Austria and Count István Tisza
was minister-president of Hungary in 1914.
Germany
Kaiser Wilhelm II
was Germany’s last kaiser, or emperor. Kaiser Wilhelm II and Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg
, played a significant role in the July Crisis of 1914. Their support and assurances egged Austria-Hungary on to take a harsh stand against Serbia, leading to the outbreak of World War I.
Helmuth von Moltke
was the Army Chief of Staff in 1914. Moltke implemented Alfred von Schlieffen's plan to overwhelm France in World War I.
Ottoman Empire
Sultan Mehmed V
, the sultan and caliph of the Ottoman Empire, declared jihad against the Allied nations on November 11, 1914, thus announcing the entry of the Ottoman Empire into World War I.
Britain
King George V
of the United Kingdom was the monarch of Britain and reigned over the British colonies at the start of World War I in 1914.
Herbert Henry Asquith
served as the Prime Minister of United Kingdom and headed the Liberal government from 1908 to 1916. He was succeeded by David Lloyd George.
In the early years, Sir Winston Churchill
, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Field-Marshal Lord Henry Kitchener
, Secretary of State for War, played central roles in managing the war. In 1915, David Lloyd George
took over munitions from Lord Kitchener and eventually went on to become the Prime Minister of United Kingdom.
Foreign Secretary, Sir Edward Grey
and commander of the BEF, Sir John French
, played important roles in the military decision-making of United Kingdom.
Bulgaria
Tsar Ferdinand I
, regent of Bulgaria, initially declared his country's neutrality in World War I. Subsequent to the initial German victories, the Tsar joined the Central Powers in October 1915. Forced to abdicate at the end of the war, Tsar Ferdinand I spent the rest of his days in Germany.
France
In 1914, the leadership of France rested with President Raymond Poincare
, and Prime Minister Rene Viviani
.
led Russia through World War II and was the last Russian emperor.
Serbia
Crown Prince Alexander
oversaw all offices and acted as the supreme commander of the Serbian army in 1914, due to the poor health of the regent King Peter I
United States of America
At the outbreak of World War I, President Woodrow Wilson
declared U.S. neutrality, and called for the country to be neutral in both thought and action. In the 1916 presidential elections, his campaign slogan “He kept us out of war” ensured that President Wilson was re-elected for a second term. The United States could not keep out of war for long, though. America’s thought and action tipped in favor of the Allies and Wilson’s Fourteen Points became the major agenda. The League of Nations was the brainchild of President Wilson.
Question:
Who was President of France during World War One?
Answer:
Raymond Nicolas Landry Poincaré
Passage:
Fingerplate (door)
A fingerplate is a plate that is fixed to a door near the handle or keyhole. It can be made of metal, plastic, ceramic or glass. It purpose is to prevent people's fingers from smudging the door.
Question:
"A ""fingerplate"" is a piece of metal used to deter fingermarks appearing on what?"
Answer:
Self-opening door
Passage:
Just Enough Education to Perform
Just Enough Education to Perform is the third studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. Released on 11 April 2001, the album topped the UK Albums Chart with 140,000 copies sold. and spawned three top-ten singles in the form of "Mr. Writer", "Have a Nice Day" and "Handbags and Gladrags".  

When the album was originally released it had 11 tracks; it was then re-released in 2002 to include "Handbags and Gladrags" after it was released as a single. 

Track listing

Bonus CD-Rom tracks

2002 re-release

Personnel

;Stereophonics 
* Kelly Jones – vocals, guitar,
* Richard Jones – bass, harmonica
* Stuart Cable – drums

;Additional musicians
* Marshall Bird – piano, backing vocals, Wurlitzer, harmonica
* Aileen McLaughlin – backing vocals on "Vegas Two Times"
* Anna Ross – backing vocals on "Vegas Two Times"
* Hazel Fernandez – backing vocals on "Vegas Two Times"
* Glenn Hyde – harmonica on "Rooftop"

;Technical personnel 
*Production – Bird, Steve Bush
*Engineering – Bird & Bush
*Mixing – Andy Wallace
*Mastering – Bob Ludwig
*Production on "Handbags and Gladrags" – Laurie Latham, Stereophonics

Reception

Critical response

Just Enough Education to Perform received generally mixed to positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 68 based on 10 reviews. 

Q listed Just Enough Education to Perform as one of the best 50 albums of 2001. 

Commercial performance

On its initial release in 2001, Just Enough Education to Perform reached #1 in the UK charts where it stayed for two weeks, it topped the charts for another two weeks in the second week of January 2002, nine months after its initial release. The album then went on to re-enter the charts several times: it peaked at #27 during June 2002, #37 in July 2003 and #34 in August 2003, until finally disappearing from the top 100. In 2001 it was the 4th biggest selling album in the UK, and in 2002 it was the 24th biggest selling album in the UK, as well as being the 39th biggest selling album of the decade. It went on to be certified 5× platinum in the UK.

Charts and certifications

|+Certifications

Popular culture

Manchester United and England forward Wayne Rooney has the album's name tattooed in a design on his right forearm.  Rooney is a longtime fan of the band and is good friends with them.
Question:
Which English professional footballer has the tattoo ‘Just Enough Education To Perform’ on his right arm?
Answer:
Wayne Rooney
Passage:
Marines' Hymn
The "Marines' Hymn" is the official hymn of the United States Marine Corps, introduced by the first Director of USMC Band, Francesco Maria Scala. It is the oldest official song in the United States Armed Forces. The "Marines' Hymn" is typically sung at the position of attention as a gesture of respect. However, the third verse is also used as a toast during formal events, such as the birthday ball and other ceremonies. Western Illinois University uses the hymn prior to all football games. They are the only non-military academy allowed to use the hymn the university has had permission to use the official nickname, mascot, and hymn of the Corps since 1927. 

History

The lyrics are contained in the book Rhymes of the Rookies published in 1917.  The author of these poems was W.E. Christian.  The book is available online in several formats.  The book consists of a series of poems regarding military life prior to World War I.

Some lyrics were popular phrases before the song was written. The line "To the shores of Tripoli" refers to the First Barbary War, and specifically the Battle of Derne in 1805. After Lieutenant Presley O'Bannon and his Marines hoisted the American flag over the Old World for the first time, the phrase was added to the flag of the United States Marine Corps. "The Halls of Montezuma" refers to the Battle of Chapultepec on 12/13 September 1847 during the Mexican-American War, where a force of Marines stormed Chapultepec Castle.

While the lyrics are said to date from the 19th century, no pre-20th century text is known. The author of the lyrics is likewise unknown. Legend has it that a Marine on duty in Mexico penned the hymn. The unknown author transposed the phrases in the motto on the Colors so that the first two lines of the Hymn would read: "From the Halls of Montezuma, to the Shores of Tripoli", favoring euphony over chronology.

The music is from the Gendarmes' Duet (the "bold gendarmes") from the revision in 1867 of the Jacques Offenbach opera Geneviève de Brabant, which debuted in Paris in 1859. Correspondence between Colonel Albert S. McLemore and Walter F. Smith (the second leader of the United States Marine Band) traces the tune:

The name of the opera and a part of the chorus was secured from Major Wallach and forwarded to Mr. Smith, who replied: 
 
John Philip Sousa once wrote:

Some websites, including the official USMC website [http://www.hqmc.marines.mil/hrom/NewEmployees/AbouttheMarineCorps/Hymn.aspx], claim that the U.S. Marine Corps secured a copyright on the song either 19 August 1891 or 18 August 1919;  however, US Copyright Law prohibits the US Federal government, including subordinate agencies, from holding domestic copyrights, and as such, the song falls into the public domain. However, several composers do hold copyrights on different arrangements of the song. These copyrights cover only the specific arrangements and not the song as a whole.  In 1929, the Commandant of the Marine Corps authorized the three verses of the Marines' Hymn as the official version, but changed the fifth through eighth lines:

This older version can be heard in the 1950 film Halls of Montezuma. On 21 November 1942, Commandant Thomas Holcomb approved a change in the words of the first verse's fourth line from "On the land as on the sea" to "In the air, on land, and sea" to reflect the addition of aviation to the Corps' arsenal. 

Lyrics

From the Halls of Montezuma
 To the shores of Tripoli;
 We fight our country's battles
 In the air, on land, and sea;
 First to fight for right and freedom
 And to keep our honor clean;
 We are proud to claim the title
 Of United States Marine

 Our flag's unfurled to every breeze
 From dawn to setting sun;
 We have fought in every clime and place
 Where we could take a gun;
 In the snow of far-off Northern lands
 And in sunny tropic scenes,
 You will find us always on the job
 The United States Marines.

 Here's health to you and to our Corps
 Which we are proud to serve;
 In many a strife we've fought for life
 And never lost our nerve.
 If the Army and the Navy
 Ever look on Heaven's scenes,
 They will find the streets are guarded
 By United States Marines.

Extra verses

Various people over the years wrote unofficial or semi-unofficial extra verses to commemorate later battles and actions, for example, this verse commemorating the occupation of Iceland during World War II: 

Again in 1941, we sailed a north'ard course
and found beneath the midnight sun, the Viking and the Norse.
The Iceland girls were slim and fair, and fair the Iceland scenes,
and the Army found in landing there, the United States Marines.

As the anticipated invasion of Japan neared, this portion of another verse was on a sign the Marines erected on Bougainville: 
So when we reach the 'Isle of Japan' 
with our caps at a jaunty tilt, 
we'll enter the city of Tokyo 
on the roads the Seabees built.

Written by William Perkins after Desert Storm; 
CommO 1st CEB(-) Task Force "Poppa Bear"
In all our years of fighting,
in some battles that were rough.
From the rigs of the Continental ships,
to the rigs in the Persian Gulf.
But we've taught the world respect for,
and exactly what it means.
The eagle, globe, and anchor of,
the United States Marine.

And an anonymous additional stanza:

Standing ready to do battle,
The United States Marines,
For the cause of right and freedom,
The United States Marines;
If the People need to call upon
The United States Marines, 
They will find us always faithful,
The United States Marines.
Question:
“From the halls of Montezuma…” is the opening lyric to the official hymn of what branch of the U.S. armed forces?
Answer:
Marines (military)
Passage:
USA Public holidays: Labor Day | Office Holidays
USA Public holidays: Labor Day | Office Holidays
Monday
September 1st
Labor Day, is a legal holiday celebrated on the first Monday in September in the United States, Puerto Rico, the Canal Zone, and the Virgin Islands.
Canada also celebrates Labour Day on the same day.
In European countries, China and other parts of the world, May Day , the first day in May, is a holiday to celebrate workers and labor unions.
Before it became an international workers holiday, May Day was a celebration of spring and the promise of summer.
What Labor Day Means
For most  people, Labor Day means two things: a day off and a chance to say goodbye to the summer. But why is it called Labor Day? Labor Day is a day set aside to pay tribute to working men and women. It has been celebrated as a national holiday in the United States and Canada since 1894.
"Labor Day differs in every essential way from the other holidays of the year in any country," said Samuel Gompers, founder and longtime president of the American Federation of Labor. "All other holidays are in a more or less degree connected with conflicts and battles of man's prowess over man, of strife and discord for greed and power, of glories achieved by one nation over another. Labor Day...is devoted to no man, living or dead, to no sect, race, or nation."
Who started Labor Day?
Like most cultural events, there  is still some doubt over its origination. Some records show that Peter J. McGuire, general secretary of the Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners and a cofounder of the American Federation of Labor, was first in suggesting a day to honor working men and women. But many believe that Matthew Maguire, a machinist, not Peter McGuire, founded the holiday. Recent research seems to support the contention that Matthew Maguire proposed the holiday in 1882 while serving as secretary of the Central Labor Union in New York. What is clear however is that the Central Labor Union adopted the Labor Day proposal and appointed a committee to plan a demonstration and picnic.
The First Labor Day
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated on Tuesday, September 5, 1882, in New York City, in accordance with the plans of the Central Labor Union.
In 1884 the first Monday in September was selected as the holiday, and the Central Labor Union urged similar organizations in other cities to follow the example of New York and celebrate a "workingmen's holiday" on that date. The idea spread with the growth of labor organizations, and in 1885 Labor Day was celebrated in many industrial centers of the country.
In the USA, governmental recognition first came through municipal ordinances passed during 1885 and 1886. The first state bill was introduced into the New York legislature, but the first to become law was passed by Oregon on February 21, 1887.  By 1894, 23 other states had adopted the holiday in honor of workers, and on June 28 of that year, Congress passed an act making the first Monday in September of each year a legal holiday in the District of Columbia and the territories.
Sources: US Department of Labor, PBS, US Census
Did you know?
By the time the holiday was officially signed in law by President Grover Cleveland in 1894, 23 states already had their own celebrations
Oregon was the first state to make Labor Day a legal holiday in 1887
A fashion tradition is never to wear white after Labor day. White clothing is usually worn in the summer to keep cool and Labor Day marks the end of summer.
President Grover Cleveland and the U.S. Congress made Labor Day a national holiday in 1894
New York has the highest union membership rate at 24.7 percent; South Carolina has the lowest rate at 2.1 percent
Question:
Which public holiday is celebrated on the first Monday in September in the USA and Canada and in Australia on different days in different states?
Answer:
Bahamian Labour Day
Passage:
Axilla
The axilla (also, underarm, oxter, or, colloquially, armpit) is the area on the human body directly under the joint where the arm connects to the shoulder. It also provides the under-arm sweat gland.

In humans, the formation of body odor happens mostly in the axillary region.  These odorant substances serve as pheromones which play a role related to mating. The underarm regions seem more important than the genital region for body odor which may be related to human bipedalism.The Oxford Handbook of Evolutionary Psychology, Edited by Robin Dunbar and Louise Barret, Oxford University Press, 2007, Chapter 22 Body odours and body odour preferences in humans by Claus Wedekind

Structure

Boundaries

Anatomically, the boundaries of the axilla are:

The lower posterior boundary is called the posterior axillary fold and this is a compound structure consisting of the latissimus dorsi and teres major muscles. It can descend after weight loss.

The anterior boundary is called the anterior axillary fold and this is rounded in shape and formed by the lower border of the pectoralis major. 
Some sources also include the pectoralis minor. It can elongate after weight loss.

The contents of the axilla include the axillary vein and artery, as well as the brachial plexus, lymph nodes and fat.
The axilla is the space between the side of the thorax and the upper arm.

Contents

* Axillary artery and its branches
* Axillary vein and its tributaries
* Infraclavicular part of the brachial plexus
* Long thoracic and intercostobrachial nerves
* Five groups of axillary lymph nodes and the associated lymphatics
* Axillary fat and areolar tissue in which the other contents are embedded

Society and culture

The term "underarm" typically refers to the outer surface of the axilla. However, the terms are sometimes used interchangeably in casual contexts. Colloquially, underarm  refers to the hollow beneath the junction of the arm and shoulder.

The term oxter is used in the Scots language instead of "axilla". 

Tickling

The underarm can be a ticklish area, possibly due to the number of nerves it contains. Some people find this area to be particularly unpleasant when tickled.

Underarm hair

Underarm hair usually grows in the underarms of both females and males, beginning in adolescence.

In some modern Western cultures, it is common for women to remove underarm hair.  Some view this practice as an aesthetic matter, while others view its removal as a possible effect of health related concerns. As underarm hair grows quickly, shaving must be performed frequently, or else stubble will appear in the axilla.

Throughout the feminist movement, previously in the hippie culture, and in some areas of the punk rock scene, some women choose to keep their underarm hair for a variety of reasons, from subversion to egalitarianism to comfort. Conversely, some men choose to remove their underarm hair for similar aesthetic reasons or to reduce friction in some sports, such as swimming.

Clinical significance

Lymphogenic spread of breast cancer

Breast cancer typically spreads via lymphatic vessels to the lymph nodes found in the axilla.

Axillary intertrigo

Excessive perspiration can result in axillary intertrigo. Intertrigo is an inflamed skin condition caused by heat, friction, and moisture.  A warm, wet underarm may accommodate the growth of pathogenic bacteria, yeasts, and fungi.  The condition is responsible for rash-like symptoms, pustules, or chronic itching or burning in the underarm. Axillary intertrigo is common among those who work in hot environments.

Additional images
Question:
Specifically, where on the human body is the Axilla ?
Answer:
Underarm
