Passage:
Silybum marianum
Silybum marianum has other common names include cardus marianus, milk thistle, blessed milkthistle,  Marian thistle, Mary thistle, Saint Mary's thistle, Mediterranean milk thistle, variegated thistle and Scotch thistle. This species is an annual or biennial plant of the Asteraceae family. This fairly typical thistle has red to purple flowers and shiny pale green leaves with white veins. Originally a native of Southern Europe through to Asia, it is now found throughout the world.

Description

Milk thistles can grow to be  tall, and have an overall conical shape.  The approximate maximum base diameter is 160 cm.  The stem is grooved and more or less cottony.  The largest specimens have hollow stems.

The leaves are oblong to lanceolate.  They are either lobate or pinnate, with spiny edges.  They are hairless, shiny green, with milk-white veins.

The flower heads are 4 to 12 cm long and wide, of red-purple colour.  They flower from June to August in the North or December to February in the Southern Hemisphere (summer through autumn).

The bracts are hairless, with triangular, spine-edged appendages, tipped with a stout yellow spine.

The achenes are black, with a simple long white pappus, surrounded by a yellow basal ring. 

Distribution and habitat

Possibly native near the coast of southeast England, it has been widely introduced outside its natural range, for example into North America, Iran, Australia and New Zealand where it is considered an invasive weed. Cultivated fields for the production of raw material for the pharmaceutical industry exist on a larger scale in Austria (Waldviertel region), Germany, Hungary, Poland, China and Argentina. In Europe it is sown yearly in March–April. The harvest in two steps (cutting and threshing) takes place in August, about 2–3 weeks after the flowering.

Exkursionsflora Fuer Kreta by Jahn & Schoenfelder (1995, page 326) states that the distribution is mediterranean-near east. They quote it as a native plant of Crete, Greece.

Milk thistle (Silybum marianum) is a thorny plant presenting decorative leaves with a white pattern of veins and purple flower heads. The plant originates from mountains of the Mediterranean region, where it forms scrub on a rocky base.

The plant is sometimes also used as a decorative element in gardens, and its dried flower heads may be used for the decoration of dry bouquets.

Chemistry 

Traditional milk thistle extract is made from the seeds, which contain approximately 4–6% silymarin. The extract consists of about 65–80% silymarin (a flavonolignan complex) and 20–35% fatty acids, including linoleic acid. Silymarin is a complex mixture of polyphenolic molecules, including seven closely related flavonolignans (silybin A, silybin B, isosilybin A, isosilybin B, silychristin, isosilychristin, silydianin) and one flavonoid (taxifolin). Silibinin, a semipurified fraction of silymarin, is primarily a mixture of 2 diastereoisomers, silybin A and silybin B, in a roughly 1:1 ratio.

Medicinal use

Clinical trials

Milk thistle has been used for a number of purposes including liver disease, and cancer; however, clinical studies are largely heterogeneous and contradictory.

In trials, silymarin has typically been administered in amounts ranging from 420–480 mg per day in two to three divided doses. However, higher doses have been studied, such as 600 mg daily in the treatment of type II diabetes  (with significant results), and 600 or 1200 mg daily in patients chronically infected with hepatitis C virus   (without significant results).  An optimal dosage for milk thistle preparations has not been established.

Herbal medicinal research

Silybum marianum is used in traditional Chinese medicine to clear heat and relieve toxic material, to soothe the liver and to promote bile flow.  Though its efficacy in treating diseases is still unknown, Silybum marianum is sometimes prescribed by herbalists to help treat liver diseases (cirrhosis, jaundice and hepatitis). Both in vitro and animal research suggest that Silibinin (syn. silybin, sylimarin I) may have hepatoprotective (antihepatotoxic) properties that protect liver cells against toxins. 

A 2000 study of such claims by the AHRQ concluded that "clinical efficacy of milk thistle is not clearly established". A 2005 Cochrane Review considered thirteen randomized clinical trials which assessed milk thistle in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases.  They question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high-quality evidence to support this intervention. Cochrane concluded that more good-quality randomized clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo are needed. 

Cancer Research UK say that milk thistle is promoted on the internet for its claimed ability to slow certain kinds of cancer, but that there is no good evidence in support of these claims. 

Safety

Milk thistle extracts are known to be safe and well tolerated. Milk thistle supplements, however, were measured to have the highest mycotoxin concentrations of up to 37 mg/kg when compared amongst various plant-based dietary supplements. 

Use as food 

Milk thistle has also been known to be used as food. The roots can be eaten raw or boiled and buttered or par-boiled and roasted. The young shoots in spring can be cut down to the root and boiled and buttered. The spiny bracts on the flower head were eaten in the past like globe artichoke, and the stems (after peeling) can be soaked overnight to remove bitterness and then stewed. The leaves can be trimmed of prickles and boiled and make a good spinach substitute or they can also be added raw to salads.

Animal toxicity

Because of potassium nitrate content, the plant has been found to be toxic to cattle and sheep. When potassium nitrate is eaten by ruminants, the bacteria in an animal's stomach breaks the chemical down, producing nitrite ions. Nitrite ions then combine with hemoglobin to produce methaemoglobin, blocking the transport of oxygen. The result is a form of oxygen deprivation.
Question:
What colour is the flower of the milk thistle?
Answer:
Purplingly
Passage:
The Music of the Night
"The Music of the Night" (also labeled as just "Music of the Night") is a song from the popular 1986 musical The Phantom of the Opera. The music was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber with lyrics by Charles Hart. It has appeared on multiple soundtracks of the musical, such as the original cast version in which English actor Michael Crawford sings the song.

History/performances

Initially made famous by Michael Crawford, the actor who originated the role of the Phantom both in the West End and on Broadway, the popular song has sold millions of copies worldwide and has been translated into many different languages. The Really Useful Group filmed a video starring Crawford and Sarah Brightman (who did not sing), which featured the original lyrics to the song.  Crawford later recorded the song as duet with Barbra Streisand for her album "Back to Broadway" (1993). This version of the song also appears on her greatest duets album.

In the musical, it is sung after the Phantom lures Christine Daaé down to his lair beneath the Opera House. He seduces Christine with "his music" of the night, his voice putting her into a type of trance. He sings of his unspoken love for her and urges her to forget the world and life she knew before. The Phantom leads Christine around his lair, eventually pulling back a curtain to reveal a mannequin dressed in a wedding gown resembling Christine. When she approaches it, it suddenly moves, causing her to faint. The Phantom then carries Christine to a bed, where he lays her down and goes on to write his music.

Sarah Brightman declared at the London's Royal Albert Hall Concert in 1997,  that the song was originally written by Andrew Lloyd Webber for her, the first time he met her. That version had different lyrics and was called "Married Man". The lyrics were later rewritten and the song was added into The Phantom of the Opera. After her run as the original Christine, she began using the song in her solo concerts.

A year before The Phantom Of The Opera even opened at Her Majesty's Theatre, the original version of the song was performed at Andrew Lloyd Webber's own theatre at Sydmonton, along with the first drafts of the show. The audience were a specially gathered group of Webber's acquaintances. The Phantom was played by Colm Wilkinson, who sang "The Music Of The Night" in Act One. As Charles Hart had not yet become involved in writing the song, in places the lyrics were very different from the ones used in the three variations of the song.

Since Sarah was the first soprano to sing this song, Jackie Evancho did her version for her movie-themed concert called Songs from the Silver Screen with the words, "compose the music of the night".

One version of "The Music of the Night", as performed by Sarah Brightman, has alternative lyrics, as well as a different ending, replacing the line "To the power of the music that I write," with "To the harmony which dreams alone can write".

Puccini controversy

Because of similarities between the song and a recurring melody in Giacomo Puccini's 1910 opera, La fanciulla del West (The Girl of the Golden West), the Puccini estate filed suit against Webber, accusing him of plagiarism, but the suit was settled out of court and details were not released to the public. 

Legacy

*Meryl Davis and Charlie White used the song when ice dancing at the 2010 Olympic Games in Vancouver and won a silver medal.
* 2010 Mark Vincent covered the song for his album Compass (Mark Vincent album)
*2016: Marina Prior and Mark Vincent covered the song on their album Together
Question:
"""Music of the Night"" and ""All I Ask of You"" are songs from which stage musical?"
Answer:
Le Fantôme de l'Opéra
Passage:
Jason Connery - Biography - IMDb
Jason Connery - Biography - IMDb
Jason Connery
Jump to: Overview  (3) | Mini Bio  (2) | Spouse  (1) | Trivia  (14) | Personal Quotes  (1)
Overview (3)
6' (1.83 m)
Mini Bio (2)
Jason Connery has appeared in over 30 films, television movies and series, combined, since his breakthrough role as "Robin Hood" in the UK television series Robin Hood (1984) in 1985.
The son of Sean Connery and Diane Cilento , Connery grew up in London and Scotland. He attended boarding school at Somerset, where he received a half-scholarship for swimming and held the under-16 freestyle record for the south of England. Connery's interest in acting developed while studying at the Gordonstoun School for Boys in the north of Scotland. He started the Inter-House Players Group - wherein two houses combine to put on one play each term. Connery also took on directing duties and directed fellow classmate Edward Wessex (aka Prince Edward) in "Hotel Paradiso". Connery was accepted to The Bristol Old Vic Drama School and, one year later, to Perth Repertory Company in Scotland. For six months, he did weekly repertory work, acted, and worked as the assistant stage manager in an effort to earn his Equity card. He worked hard, rehearsing one play by day and performing another by night, learning as much as he could along the way.
His big break came in 1985 when he took over the role of "Robin Hood" in the popular UK television series "Robin of Sherwood" (1984). The role launched him to stardom in England and he remains a cult favorite with the show's passionate fans. He has since had starring roles in feature films including Return of the Thief of Baghdad (1999), Private Moments (2005), Wishmaster 3: Beyond the Gates of Hell (2001), Requiem (2001), Shanghai Noon (2000), Bullet to Beijing (1995), Urban Ghost Story (1998) and Macbeth (1997). He has also starred in television movies ( Merlin (1998) and The Secret Life of Ian Fleming (1990)) and series ( Smallville (2001), Liberty's Kids: Est. 1776 (2002) and Shoebox Zoo (2004)).
In 1996, he married actress Mia Sara and they have one son, Dashiell Connery . The couple divorced in 2002. He is most proud of his role as father to Dashiell Quinn Connery, whom he refers to as "the most wonderful person I know". Connery now resides in Los Angeles and spends every bit of free time with his son. Connery feels that, as an actor, he continues to grow because every job is a new and exciting challenge. He credits his mother and father, who inspire him in many ways, for his drive and his ability to survive and persevere in an unpredictable business. He is also inspired by live theatre - an inspirational journey unique to performance, in one moment, with one audience - that will never be duplicated. Most importantly, it is his son who inspires him to be a loving, nurturing human being and to hold close what is dear in life. Through affiliations with Coventry University's new filmmaking facility and the "Independent Filmmakers Group", he is working to educate and support the next generation of filmmakers. He recently wrapped Shoebox Zoo (2004) in the UK after two seasons and has completed three films in America - Hoboken Hollow (2006), The Far Side of Jericho (2006) and Night Skies (2007). After achieving success as an actor for two decades, Connery is working behind the cameras with his recently formed production company, "Unconditional Entertainment". The company, headed by Connery and Ricki Maslar , currently has several projects in development for film and television. "Unconditional" has announced Connery's directorial debut with the film Pandemic (2009).
Question:
Which legendary character has been played by Sean Connery and his son Jason
Answer:
Robin Of Locksley
Passage:
Dj ötzi - Do Wah Diddy lyrics | LyricsMode.com
Dj ötzi - Do Wah Diddy lyrics | LyricsMode.com
Dj Ã¶tzi Dj Ã¶tzi –
Do Wah Diddy lyrics
To explain lyrics, select line or word and click "Explain".
Create lyrics explanation
Select some words and click "Explain" button. Then type your knowledge, add image or YouTube video till "Good-o-meter" shows "Cool" or "Awesome!". Publish your explanation with "Explain" button. Get karma points!
OK, got it!
New! Read & write lyrics explanations
Highlight lyrics and explain them to earn Karma points.
Dj Ã¶tzi – Do Wah Diddy lyrics
There she was just a-walkin
Down the street, singin
Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
Snappin' her fingers ans shufflin'
Her feet, singin
Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
She looked good (Looked good)
She looked fine (Looked fine)
She looked good, she looked fine
And I nearly lost my mind
Before I knew it she was walkin' next to me
Singin Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
Holdin' my hand just as natural as can be
Singing Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
We walked on (Walked on)
To my door (My door)
We walked on to my door
Then we kissed a little more
Whoa-oh, I knew we were falling in love
Yes I did, and so I told her all
The things I'd been dreamin' of
Now we're together nearly
Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
We're so happy and that's
How we're gonna stay
Singin Do Wah Diddy Diddy Dum Diddy Do
Well I'm hers (I'm hers)
She's mine (She's mine)
wedding bells are gonna chime
Whoa-oh, I knew
We were falling in love
Yes I did, and so I told her
All the things
Question:
"Which song begins with this lyric ""There she was just a-walkin' down the street""?"
Answer:
Do-Wah-Diddy
Passage:
Aurelio Zen
Aurelio Zen is a fictional Italian detective created by the British crime writer Michael Dibdin.

Series

The first of the stories, Ratking, won the 'Gold Dagger' award of 1988. This series of detective novels provide a penetrating insight into the less visible aspects of Italian society over the last twenty years. The earlier books have a lightness of touch that gradually becomes much darker. The character of Zen himself is anti-heroic, which adds much to the books' irony and black humour. Dibdin died in 2007, shortly after finishing the last book in the series, End Games, which appeared posthumously in July 2007.

Style

Erratic, emotional and all too human, Zen negotiates the constantly shifting political terrain of both his job and his country through the 1990s and into the new century.

Middle aged  and already somewhat jaded when we first meet him, he has had a long career in the State Police and is in a relatively senior position. Unafraid to employ radical and even downright underhand methods when he feels them appropriate, Zen struggles to manage the competing demands of his aged mother, his girlfriend and his job, sometimes accepting an assignment simply to escape from domestic pressures. Heart mostly in the right place, he does his best to make sense of whatever confronts him.

Books in series

*Ratking (1988)
*Vendetta (1990)
*Cabal (1992)
*Dead Lagoon (1994)
*Cosi Fan Tutti (1996)
*A Long Finish (1998)
*Blood Rain (1999)
*And Then You Die (2002)
*Medusa (2003)
*Back to Bologna (2005)
*End Games (2007)

Television adaptation 

BBC Scotland and Left Bank Pictures produced three feature-length dramas based on the books. The series was filmed on location in Rome during 2010 and aired in January 2011.  It has since been axed by the BBC after just one series but the producers hoped to make further adaptations for another broadcaster. English actor Rufus Sewell starred in the lead role; Italian actress Caterina Murino played Tania Moretti, with the dialogue in English.
Question:
Who played the detective Aurelio Zen in the BBC TV series of January 2011?
Answer:
Rufus Sewell
Passage:
Motto
A motto (derived from the Latin muttum, 'mutter', by way of Italian motto, 'word', 'sentence') is a maxim, a phrase meant to formally summarize the general motivation or intention of an individual, family, social group or organization. Mottos are usually not expressed verbally, unlike slogans, but are expressed in writing and usually stem from long traditions of social foundations, or also from significant events, such as a civil war or a revolution. A motto may be in any language, but Latin has been widely used, especially in the Western world.

Heraldry 

In heraldry, a motto is often depicted below the shield in a banderole; this placement stems from the Middle Ages, in which the vast majority of nobles possessed a coat of arms and a motto. In the case of Scottish heraldry it is mandated to appear above the crest.  Spanish coats of arms may display a motto in the bordure of the shield.  In heraldic literature, the terms "rallying cry" respectively "battle banner" are also common, which date back to the battle cry, and is usually located above the coat of arms.

In English heraldry mottos are not granted with armorial bearings, and may be adopted and changed at will.  In Scottish heraldry, mottos can only be changed by re-matriculation, with the Lord Lyon King of Arms.  Although very unusual and perhaps outside standard heraldic practice, there are some examples of the particular appearance of the motto scroll and letters thereon being blazoned.

Ships and submarines in the Royal Navy each have a badge and motto, as do units of the Royal Air Force. 

Latin has been very common for mottos, but for nation states their official language is generally chosen. Examples of unusual choices in motto language include:
* County of Somerset, Sumorsaete ealle (All men of Somerset), Anglo-Saxon;   
* South Cambridgeshire in the English Fens, Niet Zonder Arbyt (Not Without Labour), Dutch:   
* South Africa, ǃke e: ǀxarra ǁke (Unity in diversity), ǀXam.

A canting motto is one that contains word play.  For example, the motto of the Earl of Onslow is Festina lente, punningly interpreting on-slow (literally "make haste slowly"). 

Literature

In literature, a motto is a sentence, phrase, poem, or word prefixed to an essay, chapter, novel, or the like suggestive of its subject matter. It is a short, suggestive expression of a guiding principle for the written material that follows.

For example, Robert Louis Stevenson's Travels with a Donkey in the Cévennes uses mottos at the start of each section.
Question:
On what would you find a field, motto, crest, and escutcheon?
Answer:
Family coat of arms
Passage:
[ATV Today: 11.03.1975: Malvern Water] - macearchive.org
Media clip
Details
Summary
Peter Green report about Malvern water including scenes at the bottling plant at Colwall on the Herefordshire/Worcestershire border.
Description
Vox pops with people in Malvern about their water bills.  Peter Green interviews John Winsor about the history of the Malvern spring and the claim that the water doesn't contain any minerals.  Green next talks to Mr Gladwin, the Chief Chemist of Schweppes who bottle and sell the water, about the purification process and we see shots of laboratory work.  We then see the water being bottled at the Schweppes factory at Colwall (cut to the song Lily the Pink).  Finally Green samples bottled water inside the British Camp pub in Malvern.
Credits
Question:
Coca Cola announced in Oct 2010 the closure of which famous British bottled water company?
Answer:
Malvern
Passage:
John Bunn
John W. Bunn (September 26, 1898 – August 13, 1979) was an American basketball coach and key contributor to the game of basketball. The Wellston, Ohio native played three seasons under coach Phog Allen at University of Kansas while earning his bachelor's degree (1917–21). He later became an assistant to Allen for nine seasons (1921–30). His In 1930 he became men's basketball head coach at Stanford University, where he coached college all-time great Hank Luisetti. His 1936–37 team finished the season with a 25–2 record and was retroactively named the national champion by the Helms Athletic Foundation and the Premo-Porretta Power Poll.  After he left Stanford, Bunn went on to coach Springfield College (1946–56) and Colorado State College (now the University of Northern Colorado) (1956–63).

Bunn served as chairman of the Basketball Hall of Fame from 1949 to 1963. On October 1, 1964, Bunn was inducted to the Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor. For his contribution, the Basketball Hall of Fame annually presents an award in his name.
Question:
The John Bunn Lifetime Achievement is an annual prize given in which sport?
Answer:
Basketball
Passage:
What countries begin with the letter "O"? | Reference.com
What countries begin with the letter "O"? | Reference.com
What countries begin with the letter "O"?
A:
Quick Answer
Oman is the only country in the world that begins with the letter "O." It is a small country in Northern Africa that is bordered by the Indian Ocean.
Full Answer
Oman is a strong Middle Eastern country that thrives off of the trade from the nearby Indian Ocean. The country has trade agreements with many different countries, including Great Britain. The majority of people who live in Oman are Arabic or South Asian. The official language of the country is Arabic, but many of the people within the country also speak English as a second language. Around 85 percent of the country is Muslim with Christianity being the second highest religion in the country. The country is made up of slightly more than 30 percent of immigrants.
The life expectancy of most people who live in Oman is in the mid-70s. Men tend to live longer than women and women have an average of two children per family. Urban drinking water along with other drinking water sources have been improved in time, which has helped increase the instances of children surviving past birth and women surviving childbirth. The country is one that is in developmental stages, but has been developing at a faster than normal rate since it was officially recognized as an independent country.
Question:
What is the only country that starts with the letter O?
Answer:
سلطنة عُمان
Passage:
Lerner and Loewe
Lerner and Loewe were the team of lyricist and librettist Alan Jay Lerner and composer Frederick Loewe, known primarily for the music and lyrics of some of Broadway's most successful  musical shows, including My Fair Lady, Camelot, and Brigadoon.

Partnership

Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe, more commonly known as Fritz, met in 1942 at the Lambs Club in New York City  where, according to Loewe, he mistakenly took a wrong turn to the men's room and walked past Lerner's table. Having recognized him, he asked if Lerner wrote lyrics and Lerner confirmed he did.

Lerner claimed to be the more dominant member of the partnership, which is supported by interviews with their close friends, saying that he would throw out the first two melodies that Loewe would write to any song even if they were both perfect. He said he always knew, with a little pushing, Loewe was capable of greater work. Loewe also worked perfectly with Lerner, who would agonize for weeks over a lyric. Unlike other collaborators Lerner would work with, Loewe was the most understanding of the time Lerner needed for his lyrics and would never pressure him to complete the work.

Their last collaboration came with the 1974 musical film The Little Prince, which received mixed reviews but was lauded as one of the team's most cerebral scores.

Regardless of their professional relationship, Lerner and Loewe were close friends and remained so until the end of their lives. Their final public appearance was in December 1985, when they received a Kennedy Center Honor, six months before Lerner's death.

Lerner said this of Loewe:
"There will never be another Fritz...Writing will never again be as much fun.  A collaboration as intense as ours inescapably had to be complex.  But I loved him more than I understood or misunderstood him and I know he loved me more than he understood or misunderstood me." 

Other

On October 21, 1956, Lerner and Loewe appeared together as contestants on the panel quiz show What's My Line?.

Theatre works

* Life of the Party 1942
* What's Up? 1943
* The Day Before Spring 1945
* Brigadoon 1947
* Paint Your Wagon 1951
* My Fair Lady 1956
* Camelot 1960
* Gigi 1973 - stage version adapted from the film

Films and film adaptations

*Brigadoon 1954
*Gigi 1958
*My Fair Lady 1964
*Camelot 1967
*Paint Your Wagon 1969
*The Little Prince 1974

Notes
Question:
Which Lerner and Lowe musical is based on the TH White novel 'The Once And Future King'?
Answer:
Camelot
Passage:
Pyaemia
Pyaemia (or pyemia) is a type of septicaemia that leads to widespread abscesses of a metastatic nature.  It is usually caused by the staphylococcus bacteria by pus-forming organisms in the blood. Apart from the distinctive abscesses, pyaemia exhibits the same symptoms as other forms of septicaemia. It was almost universally fatal before the introduction of antibiotics.

Sir William Osler included a three-page discussion of pyaemia in his textbook The Principles and Practice of Medicine, published in 1892. He defined pyaemia as follows:

Earlier still, Ignaz Semmelweis – who would later die of the disease – included a section titled "Childbed fever is a variety of pyaemia" in his treatise, The Etiology of Childbed Fever (1861). Jane Grey Swisshelm, in her autobiography titled Half a Century, describes the treatment of pyaemia in 1862 during the American Civil War.

Symptoms 

The disease is characterized by intermittent high temperature with recurrent chills; metastatic processes in various parts of the body, especially in the lungs; septic pneumonia; empyema.  It may be fatal.

Treatment 

Antibiotics are effective.  Prophylactic treatment consists in prevention of suppuration.

Cultural references

The nihilistic character Bazarov in Ivan Turgenev's Fathers and Sons dies of pyaemia.
Miller Huggins, manager of the New York Yankees, died of pyaemia while managing the team during the 1929 season.
Blind Boy Fuller died at his home in Durham, North Carolina on February 13, 1941 at 5 p.m. of pyemia due to an infected bladder, gastrointestinal tract and perineum, plus kidney failure.

Different types of pyaemia 

*arterial p.  Pyaemia resulting from dissemination of emboli from a thrombus in cardiac vessels.
*cryptogenic p.  Pyaemia of an origin that is hidden in the deeper tissues.
*metastatic p.  Multiple abscesses resulting from infected pyaemic thrombi.
*portal p.  Suppurative inflammation of the portal vein.
Question:
Pyaemia is the poisoning of what?
Answer:
Oxygen capacity
Passage:
Kosheh massacres
Twenty-one Coptic Christians were the victims of a massacre in el-Kosheh village in Upper Egypt, located 450 kilometres south of Cairo, on Sunday 2 January 2000. The Coptic Christians killed in this incident were considered martyrs of the Coptic Orthodox Church by Pope Shenouda III.

Kosheh

Kosheh is located on the east bank of the Nile in Sohag governorate, a few miles east of Balyana. The population of Kosheh is about 35,000 and 70% of the village are Christian Copts. Kosheh is the trading center for a number of villages in the area. There is little farmland in Kosheh; it serves rather as the shopping nexus for the rural areas around it. Most of the shopkeepers are Copts, while most of the farmers in the surrounding villages are Muslims from Arab tribes.  

First Kosheh Massacre

Tensions between Christians and Muslims had started a few years earlier, in August 1998, in what is known as the First Kosheh Massacre. In this incident, two Copts were murdered by Muslims. The Muslims in turn were allegedly seeking revenge for the “poisoning” of a brother who had actually died of natural causes. In response, the Egyptian police responded by rounding up about 1,200 Christians for investigation into the murder. When Metropolitan Wissa of el-Balyana (Abydos), whose diocese includes el-Kosheh, criticised the arrests, he was himself arrested with two of his priests, and was charged with inciting strife and damaging national unity between Christians and Muslims.

In October 1998, an article by Christina Lamb in London’s Daily Telegraph reported that some of the arrested Copts had undergone mock crucifixions and that Metropolitan Wissa faced possible execution. The Egyptian government was outraged at the negative publicity, and arrested the head of the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights (EOHR), whom it accused of having given the story to the Daily Telegraph. The head of the EOHR and Metropolitan Wissa were eventually released. Although the government promised to punish any police who had acted improperly, some of the police officers involved in the human rights violations against the Copts in el-Kosheh were in fact promoted. Thus, the First Kosheh Massacre turned into an international incident. As a result, Coptic groups in the West began to push for the US Congress to include Egypt among nations that discriminate against Christians.

Second Kosheh Massacre

The Second Kosheh Massacre took place about one year later, on Friday 31 December 1999. The incidence stemmed from a quarrel between a Christian merchant and a Muslim customer. The misunderstanding strained Muslim-Christian relations in the community. Relatives of the Muslim customer targeted Christian-owned shops and homes, which were looted, destroyed, and burned. Initially, the police was able to contain the situation. However, two days later on Sunday 2 January 2000, riots spread violence into neighbouring villages and lead to the murders of 20 Christians. One Muslim was also accidentally shot dead by a fellow Muslim.   More than 40 people were injured in the two-day incident. 260 shops, houses and kiosks were also deliberately burnt or damaged. Most of the killings took place in the outskirts of el-Kosheh, especially in the agriculture fields. This event was one of Egypt's bloodiest massacres.

The local authorities during the incident did little to control the situation. There were some cases where these officers participated in the killings.
Following the massacre, the entire Coptic community felt that these events epitomised the criminal negligence of the Egyptian administration, represented in its police force, when it comes to protecting Coptic lives and property. Since local police units are often drawn from the local community, local feuds including Muslim resentment of Christian families can very well color police behaviour.

On 1 December 2000, a criminal court in Egypt's Sohag governorate released without bail all 89 defendants charged in the New Year's massacre in el-Kosheh. It was unprecedented in Egypt that several dozen murder suspects would be released without bail a month before their verdict was determined. All suspects that were initially arrested in connection to this massacre were eventually acquitted had their charges dropped. The only person convicted in the massacre was a Muslim charged with accidental killing of another Muslim, and sentenced to 13 years in prison.  No one was ever convicted for the murder of the 21 Christian victims. This led to outrage in the Coptic community who felt that these suspects should be in custody. The Pope of Alexandria Shenouda III rejected the verdict openly, and told reporters "We want to challenge this ruling. We don't accept it." Metropolitan Wissa of el-Balyana (Abydos), whose diocese includes el-Kosheh, called the ruling "A shame that defames the reputation of Egypt and an invitation for more violence". Egypt's Prosecutor General Maher Abdel Wahid appealed the acquittal verdict of the defendants, stating that "there is no doubt that 21 people were killed, and the killers must be brought to justice," "We never imagined that they would release the killers, but this is Egypt" a Copt from el-Kosheh admitted by telephone.

Six days following the acquittal of the defendants, the homes of four Christian families in el-Kosheh were set to fire and completely destroyed. One of the homeowners who reported the arson to the Egyptian police was tortured and forced to sign a statement prepared by a public prosecutor charging him with perpetrating the whole incident. He was subsequently forced to post bail for his own release.
Question:
The Kosheh Massacre took place in which African country in 2000?
Answer:
EGY
Passage:
Kerry Blue Terrier
The Kerry Blue Terrier (also known as the Irish Blue Terrier) () is a breed of dog. Originally bred to control "vermin" including rats, rabbits, badgers, foxes, otters and hares, over time the Kerry became a general working dog used for a variety of jobs including herding cattle and sheep, and as a guard dog. Today the Kerry has spread around the world as a companion and working dog. Despite a Kerry Blue winning Crufts (the most important UK dog show) in 2000,  it remains an "unfashionable" breed,  and is distinctly uncommon; however, it not as threatened as some of the other terrier breeds such as Skye Terrier, Sealyham Terrier, and Dandie Dinmont Terrier.

Description

Appearance

Some characteristics of the Kerry Blue Terrier include a long head, flat skull, deep chest, and a soft wavy-to-curly coat that comes in several shades of "blue", the general term outside this breed being progressive grey. Puppies are born black; the blue appears gradually as the puppy grows older, usually up to 2 years of age. The male Kerry Blue is usually 45 – tall at the withers and weighs , while the female is usually 43 – and 12 –.

Coat

The coat is the key feature of the Kerry. It is soft and wavy with no undercoat. The 'texture' feels like a combination of fine human hair and wool.  It does not shed but continues to grow throughout the year. This means the Kerry Blue requires very regular grooming (at least once per week) and clipping an average of every 6 weeks.

Temperament

Kerry Blue Terriers are strong-headed and highly spirited. They have always been loyal and affectionate towards their owners and very gentle towards children but were often considered downright mean toward other animals, including other dogs. If they are socialised with other dogs this is no longer the case. In the early days of competitive dog showing, the Irish Kennel Club required Kerries had to pass a "gameness" test, known as Teastas Mor certification, before they were deemed worthy of being judged.  These tests included catching rabbits and bringing a badger to bay in its set.  They are fast, strong, and intelligent, and they do well in obedience, dog agility, sheep herding, and tracking. They have been used as police dogs in Ireland. Modern breeders have attempted to retain high spirits whilst breeding out aggression.

As a long-legged breed, the activity level of the Kerry Blue Terrier ranges from moderate to high. They require an active, skilled owner who can provide them with early socialisation and obedience training. Kerries require daily exercise.

The Kerry is said to have an amazing sense of humour or even a "touch of the blarney".  Ideally, owners should have a sense of humour themselves to fully appreciate a Kerry — "to be owned by a Kerry" is a famous quote in Kerry circles.

Health

Kerries are fairly healthy, but there are some genetic disorders that are prevalent in the breed. They are prone to eye problems such as Keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eyes), cataracts, and entropion. They sometimes get cysts or tumorous growths in their skin, but these are rarely malignant. Hip dysplasia, hypothyroidism, cryptorchidism have also been reported occasionally. Progressive neuronal abiotrophy (PNA) is also seen but rare in the population. This condition is also referred to as Cerebellar cortical abiotrophy (CCA) or Cerebellar Abiotrophy (CA).  Another skin-related health issue is spiculosis though this has been successfully bred out by some breeders. This is a skin disorder that produces abnormally thick hairs that are also called thorns, spikes or bristles.  A U.S. breed club survey puts the average lifespan at 9 1/2 years.  Many live to 13 or 14 years.

History

The Kerry Blue Terrier was first observed in the mountains of Kerry in Ireland, hence the name of the breed. There is a romantic story of a blue dog swimming ashore from a shipwreck: the coat of this dog was so lovely that it was mated with all the female Wheaten Terriers in Kerry (or in all Ireland, according to some), producing the Kerry Blue. Perhaps this story is not entirely myth, as the Portuguese Water Dog is often suggested as part of the Kerry's makeup. Others suggest the Kerry was produced by the Soft Coated Wheaten Terrier crossed with the Bedlington Terrier with (or without) some Irish Wolfhound or Irish Terrier blood. The extinct Gadhar herding dog is also mentioned as another possible branch of the Kerry's family tree. One certain fact is the breed became very popular as an all-around farm dog in rural Ireland.

National Dog of Ireland 

With the development of dog shows in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the breed became standardised and "tidied up" for the show ring. The Irish nationalist leader Michael Collins owned a famous Kerry Blue named Convict 224. Collins even made an attempt to have the Kerry blue adopted as the national dog of Ireland.  Love of dogs did, however, cross political divides. The first show of the Dublin Irish Blue Terrier club took place outside official curfew hours and was entered both by those fighting for and against an Ireland republic. The Dublin Irish Blue Terrier Club was so successful it led directly to the foundation of the Irish Kennel Club, and a Kerry blue was the first dog that club registered.
Question:
What is a Kerry Blue?
Answer:
A breed of dog
Passage:
Paul Eddington
Paul Eddington,  (18 June 1927 – 4 November 1995) was an English actor known for his appearances in the popular television sitcoms The Good Life and Yes Minister.

Early life

Eddington was born in St John's Wood in London to Albert Clark Eddington and Frances Mary (née Roberts).  The family were Quakers, and Eddington was brought up by his parents with strict family values. He attended Sibford School, Sibford Ferris, Oxfordshire. In 1952, he married Patricia (née Scott). The marriage, which produced four children, was felicitous and lasted until Eddington's death 43 years later.

Career

Having registered as a conscientious objector, Eddington began his acting career as a teenager with Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA) during the Second World War.  He worked for a repertory theatre company in Sheffield and made his first TV appearance in 1956 as a regular cast member of The Adventures of Robin Hood. Initially he played minor characters, but in the fourth season (1959–60), he played Will Scarlet. He also did roles in episodes of The Avengers (1963), The Prisoner (1967) and the final episode of The Champions (1969). He also had a supporting role in Hammer Films' The Devil Rides Out (1968) and appeared as a "straight man" (substituting for regular stooge Henry McGee) in a 1976 episode of The Benny Hill Show.

Rise to fame

Although he was an actor all his life, it was not until Eddington was in his late forties that he became a household name. This happened thanks to The Good Life (known as Good Neighbors in the US), first screened by the BBC in 1975. The sitcom tells the story of a suburban couple who decide to give up work and become self-sufficient in their suburban backyard. Eddington was cast as Jerry Leadbetter, a neighbor of the main characters, and Penelope Keith played his wife, Margo. Originally intended as bit parts, the Leadbetters quickly became essential foils for the two "stars".

Eddington's fame grew further when he played the title role of Jim Hacker in the comedy series Yes Minister (first screened in 1980) and Yes, Prime Minister (1986–88) – said to have been former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's favourite TV programme. He was shortlisted as many as four times for the BAFTA award for Best Light Entertainment Performance for the series, but he lost out to his co-star Nigel Hawthorne on each occasion.

During 1987, Eddington appeared as Sir Joseph Porter in H.M.S. Pinafore in Australia.  His last roles included Richard Cuthbertson in the TV dramatisation of The Camomile Lawn (1992), the voice of Badger in The Adventures of Mole and Justice Shallow in Henry IV (1995), a BBC adaptation of Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part 1 and Henry IV, Part 2.  He was reunited with his Good Life co-star Richard Briers in a run of the play Home in 1994.

Awards and honours

Eddington was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the New Year Honours, 1987. 

Final years and death

Eddington's autobiography, So Far, So Good, was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 1995. On 30 October 1995, five days before his death, Eddington made an appearance on the television series Face to Face, discussing his life, career and battle with lymphoma with Jeremy Isaacs.  On that show, Eddington said, "A journalist once asked me what I would like my epitaph to be and I said I think I would like it to be 'He did very little harm'. And that's not easy. Most people seem to me to do a great deal of harm. If I could be remembered as having done very little, that would suit me."

Eddington had been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, known as mycosis fungoides, when he was 28. The ailment was to cause his death eventually, but in the intervening four decades, Eddington and his immediate family kept his condition private. Only his parents, wife and immediate siblings were aware of it until 1994, when Eddington responded publicly to press speculation about his darkening skin and hair loss.  Remarkably, he had suffered from this ailment for almost the entirety of his television and cinema career, and three of his four children had been born and raised while the disease existed.

Paul Eddington died of skin cancer in Southwark, London, on 4 November 1995.  He was survived by Patricia, his wife of 43 years, their three sons and one daughter.  BBC One aired a half-hour tribute to him on 15 July 2001, called Paul Eddington: A Life Well Lived.

Selected filmography

* Jet Storm (1959)
* Ring of Spies (1964)
* The Devil Rides Out (1968)
* The Amazing Mr Blunden (1972)
* Baxter! (1973)
Question:
What was the name of the Minister, portrayed by Paul Eddington, in the sit-com 'Yes, Minister'?
Answer:
'JIM HACKER'
Passage:
13th Wedding Anniversary - Lace and Lingerie
13th Wedding Anniversary - Lace and Lingerie
 
13th Wedding Anniversary
Lace is the traditional AND modern material so definitely a gift with lace in it, or with a lace them, is right on target.
Great ideas for lace would be clothing, accessories like scarves, or a floral arrangement with Queen Anne's lace. Filigree lace jewelry would be a perfect match for the 13th anniversary!
Lingerie can be a really fun and spicy gift for your wife, but do keep in mind that some women have mixed feelings about lingerie. Many love it, and some are ambivalent. A few might even dislike it.  It would be impossible for us to tell you which category your wife fits into so our advice is, if you are unsure, test the water by getting her some fabulous lingerie as a second gift rather than the primary gift. If she loves it and wears it often, then you will know for future reference!
For the couple, gifts might be decorative tablecloths, curtains,  or other lacey home decor.
For jewelry, either go with a lace design in any material or choose a piece with the alternate 13th anniversary modern materials of citrine, moonstone, or hawk's eye. Another option is blue lace agate or crazy lace agate which aren't traditional to the 13th anniversary but are certainly on theme with the lace name. Ultimately it's up to you and what piece you think your wife will most enjoy wearing.
Fur is another alternate modern material, but please, only choose faux fur! Don't support what is quite often an unregulated, illegal poaching industry in foreign countries.  Please only buy products that celebrate the beauty of Earth's   creatures...alive!
For gifts to give your husband, skip the lace. But you probably already figured that one out! :-) Move right on over to the alternate material textiles and get him a useful top he will love wearing, or another fabric gift with the logo of his favorite sports team, a trendy or funny t-shirt if that's his style, or other sports clothing that relate to one of his hobbies.
Question:
A ‘Lace’ anniversary celebrates many years of marriage?
Answer:
13
Passage:
History of Auvergne
The history of the Auvergne dates back to the early Middle Ages, when it was a historic province in south central France. It was originally the feudal domain of the Counts of Auvergne.

History

Auvergne was a province of France deriving its name from the Arverni, a Gallic tribe who once occupied the area, well known for its fierce resistance, led by Vercingetorix, to conquest by the Roman Empire. Christianized by Saint Austremoine, Auvergne was quite prosperous during the Roman ages. After a short time under the Visigoths, it was conquered by the Franks, in 507.

During the earlier medieval period, Auvergne was a county within the duchy of Aquitaine and as such part of the "Angevin Empire" until the 13th century. 
In 1225, Louis VIII of France granted Poitou and Auvergne to his third son Alfonso.  On Alfonso's death in 1271,  Auvergne along with the County of Toulouse, Poitou and the Comtat Venaissin  reverted to  the royal domain.

The Middle Ages, especially the 10th to 13th centuries, were a period of great development for Auvergne, with the building of famous abbeys and churches in a Romanesque style. In the year 1095, the historic Council of Clermont was held there, to rally support for the First Crusade. Its wide autonomy was ended by King Philippe-Auguste of France, who linked it to the royal possessions. Hardly impacted by the Hundred Years' War, the religion wars and epidemics, integrated to the kingdom of France, it turned itself more and more into an agricultural province, although reputed for its products. In 1790, the historical province was divided into the modern-day départements of Puy-de-Dôme, Cantal, Haute-Loire, and Allier, although Haute-Loire and Allier also include some land from the historical provinces of Bourbonnais, Lyonnais, and Velay.

Economic history

The region is famed for its charcuterie, which is celebrated in "La Mangona" festivals in many Auvergnat villages, for its cheeses (Saint Nectaire, Bleu d'Auvergne, Cantal, Salers, Fourme d'Ambert), and for its mineral waters (Volvic among others). Michelin tires are produced there. Auvergne is also the site of several major hydroelectric projects, mainly located on the Dordogne, Cère, and Truyère rivers. The region is also quite touristic, thanks to its landscapes.

Cultural history

Auvergnat, a variety of the Occitan language, was historically spoken in the Auvergne. It is still spoken there.

Aubrac oxen, a rare breed, are raised in the Aubrac hills.

The Auvergne emigrants, together with other Aveyron and Italian emigrants, deeply influenced the Parisian Bal-musette music.

Composer Joseph Canteloube based Songs of the Auvergne (Chants d'Auvergne) (1923–55), his well-known piece for voice and orchestra, on folk music and songs from the Auvergne.

Singer-songwriter Georges Brassens composed Chanson pour l'Auvergnat.

Composer Camille Saint-Saëns composed Rhapsodie d'Auvergne in 1884, based upon folk songs from the Auvergne.

Notable residents 

* Vercingetorix, King of the Arverni, leader of the Gallic resistance against Julius Caesar.
* Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette, (1757–1834), born in Auvergne, was a national hero in both France and the United States for his roles in the American Revolutionary War and the French Revolution. 
* Pierre-Andre Coffinhal, Jacobin leader and vice-president of the Revolutionary Tribunal, was born in Auvergne. A close friend of Robespierre, he was executed following the events of the 9 Thermidor.
* Jean-Baptiste Carrier was a French Revolutionary born in Yolet of Auvergne. He was famous for his brutality towards his enemies. In 1794, he was guillotined upon the conviction of the National Convention.
* Sylvester II, pope and scholar, born Gerbert of Aurillac, a significant player in the transition from the Carolingians to the Capetians.
* The Dalfi d'Alvernha or Dauphin d'Auvergne, troubadour and patron of troubadours, Count of Clermont and Montferrand
* Joseph Canteloube, (1879–1957), French composer.
* Guy Debord, writer and leader of the Situationist International, acquired a country house in the region in 1975, where he frequently lived until committing suicide there in 1994.
* Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, President of France, although not born in the Auvergne, was educated in Clermont-Ferrand and represented it in the National Assembly.
* Pierre Laval, Prime Minister of France and of the Vichy French regime, was born near Clermont-Ferrand, although he made his political career in Paris.
* Blaise Pascal, mathematician, inventor, Christian apologist (Pensées)
* Audrey Tautou, internationally successful French actress, was born and raised in Auvergne: her surname is typically Occitan.

Notable fictional residents 

*Lestat de Lioncourt
*Gabrielle de Lioncourt
*Nicolas de Lenfent
*Philippe Charboneau, later Philip Kent; protagonist of the early novels of The Kent Family Chronicles and the eponymous family's progenitor
Question:
"The famous collection of music, ""Songs from the Auvergne"" arranged by Joseph Canteloube, is in what language?"
Answer:
Occitan Language
Passage:
An Introduction to the History of the Classical Period ...
An Introduction to the History of the Classical Period: Franz Josef Haydn | Kibin
An Introduction to the History of the Classical Period: Franz Josef Haydn
Sign Up & Access Essays
Already a member? Login here
Pages: 3
This preview is partially blurred. Sign up to view the full document.
Sign Up & Access Essays
Already a member? Login here
End of preview
Upgrade to view the full document
This is an unformatted preview. Sign up to view the full document
End of preview
Upgrade to view the full document
The classical period 1750  18101750 1810 is what we call the classical period and really any music not composed in this era is not classical music Most of the well known classical composers come from this time such as Haydn Mozart and Beethoven who I have written about know Here are some short biographies of their livesFranz Josef Haydn 1732 -1809In Haydns life he wrote 108 symphonies for 36 weeks starting when he was 27 Most if not all of Haydns music was inspired such as his first string quartet in 1755 He was encouraged by Von Furnburg a musical amateur After his first quartet Haydn was intrigued and produced many more string quartets that delighted everyone including Von Furnberg with their openness and charmShortly after Haydn divorced his wife he was familiar with Mozart Haydn had recognised how great a composer Mozart was far better than himself So until the end of Mozarts life Haydn tried to make other people notice Mozart as well as himself To return the favour Mozart affectionately dedicated six of his quartets to HaydnHaydn really enjoyed his music and he took most of the offers he was given like when he was given So in 1791 he was able to visit London to direct some orchestral concerts The next time Haydn visited London was in 1974 when he had six new symphoniesAs he aged lie moved slowly leading to his death in 1809Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 1756-1791Mozart was a gifted child and by the age of four he showed extraordinary musical powers and a year later he was composing musicHis first major opera was performed in Millan in 1770 when he was only fourteenIn his short life he produced41 symphonies38 concertos6 quintets29 quartets8 trios47 sonatas23 operas19 massesIn 1781 Mozart earned an unsteady living as a freelance performer and a composer Not many he people recognised how great Mozart was only a few fellow-composers like Haydn He wrote his first
@Kibin is a lifesaver for my essay right now!!
- Sandra Slivka, student @ UC Berkeley
Wow, this is the best essay help I've ever received!
- Camvu Pham, student @ U of M
If I'd known about @Kibin in college, I would have gotten much more sleep
- Jen Soust, alumni @ UCLA
Question:
Give a year in the life of composer Franz Josef Haydn.
Answer:
1732-1809
Passage:
Icosahedron
In geometry, an icosahedron ( or) is a polyhedron with 20 faces. The name comes . The plural can be either "icosahedra" or "icosahedrons".

There are many kinds of icosahedra, with some being more symmetrical than others. The best known is the Platonic, convex regular icosahedron.

Regular icosahedra

There are two objects, one convex and one concave, that can both be called regular icosahedra. Each has 30 edges and 20 equilateral triangle faces with five meeting at each of its twelve vertices. Both have icosahedral symmetry. The term "regular icosahedron" generally refers to the convex variety, while the nonconvex form is called a great icosahedron.

Convex regular icosahedron

The convex regular icosahedron is usually referred to simply as the regular icosahedron, one of the five regular Platonic solids, and is represented by its Schläfli symbol {3, 5}, containing 20 triangular faces, with 5 faces meeting around each vertex.

Its dual polyhedron is the regular dodecahedron {5, 3} having three regular pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Great icosahedron

The great icosahedron is one of the four regular star Kepler-Poinsot polyhedra. Its Schläfli symbol is {3, }. Like the convex form, it also has 20 equilateral triangle faces, but its vertex figure is a pentagram rather than a pentagon, leading to geometrically intersecting faces. The intersections of the triangles do not represent new edges.

Its dual polyhedron is the great stellated dodecahedron (, 3), having three regular star pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Stellated icosahedra

Stellation is the process of extending the faces or edges of a polyhedron until they meet to form a new polyhedron. It is done symmetrically so that the resulting figure retains the overall symmetry of the parent figure.

In their book The Fifty-Nine Icosahedra, Coxeter et al. enumerated 58 such stellations of the regular icosahedron.

Of these, many have a single face in each of the 20 face planes and so are also icosahedra. The great icosahedron is among them.

Other stellations have more than one face in each plane or form compounds of simpler polyhedra. These are not strictly icosahedra, although they are often referred to as such.

Pyritohedral symmetry

A regular icosahedron can be constructed with pyritohedral symmetry, and is called a snub octahedron or snub tetratetrahedron or snub tetrahedron. this can be seen as an alternated truncated octahedron. If all the triangles are equilateral, the symmetry can also be distinguished by colouring the 8 and 12 triangle sets differently.

Pyritohedral symmetry has the symbol (3*2), [3+,4], with order 24. Tetrahedral symmetry has the symbol (332), [3,3]+, with order 12. These lower symmetries allow geometric distortions from 20 equilateral triangular faces, instead having 8 equilateral triangles and 12 congruent isosceles triangles.

These symmetries offer Coxeter diagrams:  and  respectively, each representing the lower symmetry to the regular icosahedron , (*532), [5,3] icosahedral symmetry of order 120.

Cartesian coordinates

The coordinates of the 12 vertices can be defined by the vectors defined by all the possible cyclic permutations and sign-flips of coordinates of the form (2, 1, 0). These coordinates represent the truncated octahedron with alternated vertices deleted.

This construction is called a snub tetrahedron in its regular icosahedron form, generated by the same operations carried out starting with the vector (ϕ, 1, 0), where ϕ is the golden ratio.

Jessen's icosahedron

In Jessen's icosahedron, sometimes called Jessen's orthogonal icosahedron, the 12 isosceles faces are arranged differently such that the figure is non-convex. It has right dihedral angles.

It is scissors congruent to a cube, meaning that it can be sliced into smaller polyhedral pieces that can be rearranged to form a solid cube.

Other icosahedra

Rhombic icosahedron

The rhombic icosahedron is a zonohedron made up of 20 congruent rhombs. It can be derived from the rhombic triacontahedron by removing 10 middle faces. Even though all the faces are congruent, the rhombic icosahedron is not face-transitive.

Pyramid and prism symmetries

Common icosahedra with pyramid and prism symmetries include:
*19-sided pyramid (plus 1 base = 20).
*18-sided prism (plus 2 ends = 20).
*9-sided antiprism (2 sets of 9 sides + 2 ends = 20).
*10-sided bipyramid (2 sets of 10 sides = 20).
*10-sided trapezohedron (2 sets of 10 sides = 20).

Johnson solids

Several Johnson solids are icosahedra:
Question:
An icosahedron has how many faces?
Answer:
twenty
Passage:
Sukhoi
Sukhoi Company (JSC; ) is a major Russian aircraft manufacturer, headquartered in Begovoy District, Northern Administrative Okrug, Moscow,  and designs both civilian and military aircraft. It was founded by Pavel Sukhoi in 1939 as the Sukhoi Design Bureau (OKB-51, design office prefix Su).

Company history

After the collapse of the Soviet Union, each of the multitude of bureaus and factories producing Sukhoi components was privatized independently. In 1996, the government re-gathered the major part of them forming Sukhoi Aviation Military Industrial Combine (Sukhoi AIMC). In parallel, other entities, including Ulan Ude factory, Tbilisi factory, Belarus and Ukraine factories, established alternate transnational Sukhoi Attack Aircraft (producing e.g. Su-25 TM).

The Sukhoi AIMC comprises the JSC Sukhoi Design Bureau located in Moscow, the Novosibirsk Aviation Production Association (NAPO), the Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Production Association (KnAAPO) and Irkutsk Aviation. Sukhoi is headquartered in Moscow. Finmeccanica (since 2016, Leonardo-Finmeccanica) owns 25% + 1 share of Sukhoi's civil division.   The Russian government merged Sukhoi with Mikoyan, Ilyushin, Irkut, Tupolev, and Yakovlev as a new company named United Aircraft Corporation.   Mikoyan and Sukhoi were placed within the same operating unit. 

Sukhoi is also working on what is to be Russia's fifth-generation stealth fighter, the Sukhoi PAK FA. The maiden flight took place on the 29 January 2010.[http://www.yle.fi/uutiset/ulkomaat/2010/01/venajalla_esiteltiin_uusi_havittajakone_1405552.html Venäjällä esiteltiin uusi hävittäjäkone | Ulkomaat | YLE Uutiset | yle.fi]

Usage

Sukhoi's Su-24, Su-25, Su-27, Su-30, Su-34, Su-35 and shipborne Su-33 aircraft are in service with the Russian Air Force and Navy as well as foreign armies. The Su-25 is the oldest Sukhoi still in production. Sukhoi attack and fighter aircraft have been supplied to Armenia, India, China, Poland, the Czech Republic, Iraq, Slovakia, Hungary, Georgia, East Germany, Syria, North Korea, Vietnam, Malaysia, Afghanistan, Yemen, Egypt, Libya, Iran, Angola, Ethiopia, Peru, Eritrea, and Indonesia. Venezuela signed contracts for the purchase of 30 Su-30 fighter jets in July 2006. More than 2,000 Sukhoi aircraft were supplied to foreign countries on export contracts. With its Su-26, Su-29 and Su-31 models Sukhoi is also a manufacturer of aerobatic aircraft.

U.S. sanctions

On August 4, 2006, the U.S. State Department imposed sanctions on Sukhoi for allegedly supplying Iran in violation of the United States Iran Nonproliferation Act of 2000.  Sukhoi was prohibited from doing business with the United States Federal Government.   In November 2006, the U.S. State Department reversed its sanctions against Sukhoi.[http://www.gmanews.tv/story/21432/us-lifts-sanctions-on-jet-maker-sukhoi US lifts sanctions on jet maker Sukhoi – World – GMA News Online – Latest Philippine News]

Civilian aircraft

In September 2007, Russia launched its first modern commercial regional airliner—the Superjet 100, a 78 to 98 seater, built by Sukhoi. It was unveiled at Komsomolsk-on-Amur.   The maiden flight was made on May 19, 2008.   

Production aircraft

*Su-2: 1937, light bomber aircraft
*Su-7: 1959, "Fitter A", ground-attack aircraft
*Su-9: 1959, "Fitter B", interceptor fighter aircraft (nearly identical to the MiG-21 in appearance)
*Su-11: 1964, "Fitter C", interceptor fighter aircraft
*Su-15: 1965, "Flagon", interceptor fighter aircraft
*Su-17/Su-20/Su-22: 1970, "Fitter D" variable-wing ground-attack aircraft
*Su-24: 1970, "Fencer", jet bomber, variable-wing attack aircraft; Soviet copy of the American F-111 Aardvark
*Su-25: 1975, "Frogfoot", ground attack aircraft
*Su-26: 1984, single seat aerobatic aircraft (civil)
*Su-27: 1977, "Flanker", air superiority fighter
*Su-29: 1991, double seat aerobatic aircraft (civil)
*Su-30: 1993, "Flanker C", multi-role strike fighter aircraft
**Su-30MK-2: multi-role fighter aircraft
**Su-30MKK: strike-fighter aircraft
**Su-30MKI: "Flanker H", air superiority fighter in service with Indian Air Force 
**Su-30MKM : air superiority fighter in service with Royal Malaysian Air Force 
*Su-31: 1992, single seat aerobatic aircraft (civil)
*Su-33: 1987, "Flanker D", carrier-based multi-role fighter aircraft
*Su-34/Su-32: 2006, "Platypus", Strike-fighter aircraft
*Su-27M/Su-35: 1995, "Flanker E", air superiority fighter aircraft
**Su-35BM: 4++ generation multi-role fighter aircraft
*Su-80: a twin-turboprop STOL transport aircraft
*Superjet 100: 2008, regional jet

Sukhoi Su-22UM-3K Fitter at RIAT 2010 arp.jpg|Polish Air Force Su-22UM-3K (export version of the Su-17) at RIAT 2010
Su-20 RB4.jpg|Decommissioned Polish Su-20 (export version of Su-17)
SU-30MKI-g4sp - edit 2(clipped).jpg|Indian Sukhoi Su-30MKI
Su-27 low pass.jpg|Russian Knights Sukhoi Su-27
Yakutia Airlines Sukhoi Superjet 100-95 RA-89011 RJSN.JPG|Superjet 100 RJ
Fukushima Sky Park Yoshihide Muroya Su-26M.JPG|Sukhoi Su-26M

Experimental aircraft

*Su-1/I-330: 1940, high-altitude fighter
*Su-3/I-360: 1942, improved Su-1
*Su-5/I-107: jet-propeller fighter
*Su-6: 1942, ground attack aircraft
*Su-8/DDBSh: 1943, ground attack aircraft
*Su-9: jet fighter
*Su-10: jet bomber
*Su-12: observation plane (1947)
*Su-15: interceptor fighter
*Su-17: fighter
*Sukhoi-Gulfstream S-21: a supersonic business jet design.
*Sukhoi KR-860: doubledeck superjumbo jet design. 
*Su-37 ("Terminator"): an improved Su-35
*Su-28/Su-25UB: trainer and demonstrator
*Su-25TM/Su-39: 1984, ground attack aircraft, optimised for anti-tank use
*Su-38: light agricultural aircraft
*S-32/37: multirole fighter (was marketed for a time under the designation Su-47)
*Su-47: experimental aircraft
*P-1: 1958, interceptor fighter
*T-3: 1956, fighter
*T-4/100: 1972, supersonic bomber, similar in concept to XB-70 Valkyrie, which was developed by Sukhoi during the 1960s and 1970s.
*T-60S: intermediate range bomber.
*Sukhoi T-50/PAK FA: fifth generation fighter. Basic future aircraft of Russian Frontline Aviation. Maiden flight January 29, 2010. 
*Sukhoi/HAL FGFA: FGFA is a derivative project from the PAK FA being developed by the Sukhoi OKB and HAL for the Indian Air Force (FGFA is the official designation for the Indian version).

Planned aircraft

*Sukhoi S-54
*Sukhoi Superjet 130

Note: The Sukhoi OKB has reused aircraft designations, for example: the Su-9 from 1946 and the later Su-9 from 1956, the former was not produced in quantity. Sukhoi prototype designations are based on wing layout planform. Straight and swept wings are assigned the "S" prefix, while delta winged designs(including tailed-delta) have "T" for a designation prefix.

Example: S-37 and T-10.

Unmanned Aerial Vehicles

*Sukhoi Zond-1
Question:
The Russian Sukhoi Company is famous for making what?
Answer:
Aircrafts
Passage:
Moraine
A moraine is any glacially formed accumulation of unconsolidated glacial debris (soil and rock) that occurs in both currently and formerly glaciated regions on Earth (i.e. a past glacial maximum), through geomorphological processes. Moraines are formed from debris previously carried along by a glacier and normally consist of somewhat rounded particles ranging in size from large boulders to minute glacial flour. Lateral moraines are formed at the side of the ice flow and terminal moraines at the foot, marking the maximum advance of the glacier. Other types of moraine include ground moraines, till-covered areas with irregular topography, and medial moraines which are formed where two glaciers meet.

Characteristics 

Moraines may be composed of debris ranging in size from silt-sized glacial flour to large boulders.
The debris is typically sub-angular to rounded in shape. Moraines may be on the glacier’s surface or deposited as piles or sheets of debris where the glacier has melted. Moraines may also occur when glacier- or iceberg-transported rocks fall into a body of water as the ice melts.

Formation 

Debris  could have been scraped off a valley floor as a glacier advanced or may have fallen off the valley walls as a result of frost wedging or landslide, when melting.

Types of moraines

Moraines can be classified either by origin, location with respect to a glacier or former glacier, or by shape. The first approach is suitable for moraines associated with contemporary glaciers—but more difficult to apply to old moraines, which are defined by their particular morphology, since their origin is debated. Some moraine types are known only from ancient glaciers, while medial moraines of valley glaciers are poorly preserved and difficult to distinguish after the retreat or melting of the glacier.

Lateral moraines

Lateral moraines are parallel ridges of debris deposited along the sides of a glacier. The unconsolidated debris can be deposited on top of the glacier by frost shattering of the valley walls and/or from tributary streams flowing into the valley. The till is carried along the glacial margin until the glacier melts. Because lateral moraines are deposited on top of the glacier, they do not experience the postglacial erosion of the valley floor and therefore, as the glacier melts, lateral moraines are usually preserved as high ridges. 

Lateral moraines stand high because they protect the ice under them from the elements, causing it to melt or sublime less than the uncovered parts of the glacier. Multiple lateral moraines may develop as the glacier advances and retreats.

Ground moraines

Ground moraines are till-covered areas with irregular topography and no ridges, often forming gently rolling hills or plains. They are accumulated at the base of the ice as lodgment till, but may also be deposited as the glacier retreats.  In alpine glaciers, ground moraines are often found between the two lateral moraines. Ground moraines may be modified into drumlins by the overriding ice.

Rogen moraines

Rogen moraines or ribbed moraines are a type of basal moraines that form a series of ribs perpendicular to the ice flow in an ice sheet. The depressions between the ribs are sometimes filled with water, making the Rogen moraines look like tigerstripes on aerial photographs. Rogen moraines are named after Lake RogenMöller, P., 2006. Rogen moraine: an example of glacial reshaping of preexisting landforms. Quaternary Science Reviews, 25:362-389 in Härjedalen, Sweden, the landform’s type locality.

End or terminal moraines

End moraines, or terminal moraines, are ridges of unconsolidated debris deposited at the snout or end of the glacier.  They usually reflect the shape of the glacier's terminus.  Glaciers act much like a conveyor belt, carrying debris from the top of the glacier to the bottom where it deposits it in end moraines.  End moraine size and shape are determined by whether the glacier is advancing, receding or at equilibrium. The longer the terminus of the glacier stays in one place, the more debris accumulate in the moraine.  There are two types of end moraines: terminal and recessional.  Terminal moraines mark the maximum advance of the glacier.  Recessional moraines are small ridges left as a glacier pauses during its retreat.  After a glacier retreats, the end moraine may be destroyed by postglacial erosion.

Recessional moraine

Recessional moraines are often observed as a series of transverse ridges running across a valley behind a terminal moraine. They form perpendicular to the lateral moraines that they reside between and are composed of unconsolidated debris deposited by the glacier. They are created during temporary halts in a glacier's retreat.  

Medial moraine

A medial moraine is a ridge of moraine that runs down the center of a valley floor. It forms when two glaciers meet and the debris on the edges of the adjacent valley sides join and are carried on top of the enlarged glacier. As the glacier melts or retreats, the debris is deposited and a ridge down the middle of the valley floor is created. The Kaskawulsh Glacier in the Kluane National Park, Yukon, has a ridge of medial moraine 1 km wide.

Supraglacial moraines

Supraglacial moraines are created by debris accumulated on top of glacial ice. This debris can accumulate due to ice flow toward the surface in the ablation zone, melting of surface ice or from debris that falls onto the glacier from valley sidewalls.

Washboard moraines

Washboard moraines, also known as minor or corrugated moraines, are low-amplitude geomorphic features caused by glaciers. The name "washboard moraine" refers to the fact that, from the air, it resembles a washboard.

Veiki moraine

A Veiki moraine is a kind of hummocky moraine that forms irregular landscapes of ponds and plateaus surrounded by banks. It forms from the irregular melting of ice covered with a thick layer of debris. Veiki moraine is common in northern Sweden and parts of Canada.
Question:
A smooth hill shaped by moving ice made up of glacial drift is known as a what?
Answer:
Drumlins
Passage:
Nuptial flight
Nuptial flight is an important phase in the reproduction of most ant, termite, and some bee species.  During the flight, virgin queens mate with males and then land to start a new colony, or, in the case of honey bees, continue the succession of an existing hived colony.

Before the flight 

A mature ant colony seasonally produces winged virgin queens and males. Unfertilized eggs develop into males. Fertilized eggs usually develop into wingless, sterile workers, but may develop into virgin queens if the larvae receive special attention.

Within a few days after they have emerged (eclosed) from the pupa case, males are "quickly converted into single-purpose sexual missiles."   Young queens and males stay in their parent colony until conditions are right for the nuptial flight. The flight requires clear weather since rain is disruptive for flying insects. Different colonies of the same species often use environmental cues to synchronize the release of males and queens so that they can mate with individuals from other nests, thus avoiding inbreeding. The actual "take off" from the parent colony is also often synchronized to overwhelm their predators.

During the flight 

Typically the virgin queens and males first scatter to ensure outcrossing. The queens then release pheromones to attract males. However, the queens often try to escape the males, allowing only the fastest and the fittest males to mate. Mating takes place during flight.

One queen usually mates with several males. The sperm is stored in a special organ, known as a spermatheca, in the queen's abdomen, and lasts throughout her lifetime. This can be as long as 20 years, during which time the sperm can be used to fertilize tens of millions of eggs.

After the flight 

The males have evolved for the single purpose of inseminating the queen. Male honey bees can't even feed themselves for the first few days of their lives.  During "the quick and violent mating," the male literally explodes his internal genitalia into the genital chamber of the queen and quickly dies. 

The young mated queens land and, in the case of ants, remove their wings. They then attempt to find a new colony. The details of this vary from species to species, but typically involve the excavation of the colony's first chamber and the subsequent laying of eggs. From this point the queen continuously lays eggs which hatch into larvae, exclusively destined to develop into worker ants.  The queen usually nurses the first brood alone.  After the first workers appear, the queen's role in the colony typically becomes one of exclusive (and generally continuous) egg-laying. For an example of a colony founding process, see Atta sexdens. 

The young queens have an extremely high failure rate. During its lifetime a very large ant colony can send out millions of virgin queens. Assuming that the total number of ant colonies in the area remains constant, on average only one of these queens succeeds. The rest are destroyed by predators (most notably other ants), environmental hazards or failures in raising the first brood at various stages of the process. This strict selection ensures that the queen has to be both extremely fit and extremely lucky to pass on her genes to the next generation.

Image: Lasius_Niger_winged_queen.jpg|queen with wings.
Image: Lasius_Niger_wingless_queen.jpg|queen with her wings torn off.

Variations 

Not all ants follow the basic pattern described above. In army ants only males have wings. They fly out from their parent colony in search of other colonies where virgin queens wait for them. A colony with an old queen and one or more mated young queens then divides, each successful queen taking a share of the workers. The reason for this behavior is the fact that army ants do not have a physical nest. The queens are thus absolutely dependent on workers to protect them.

Another variation is found in species with multi-queen colonies, such as Solenopsis invicta. The males and virgin queens mate and the queens then often return to the parent colony, where they then remain. This process greatly increases the success rate of virgin queens and allows the creation of extremely large colonies or networks of cooperating colonies. The colony also becomes essentially immortal as it is no longer dependent on the continued health of a single queen. This allows Solenopsis invicta colonies to become entrenched in their surroundings, achieving a dominant position in the ecosystem. However, the price for this is inbreeding and the resulting loss of adaptability. This may result in sudden collapses in population when the environment changes or a new predator or parasite is introduced.

Flying ant day

"Flying ant day" is an informal term for the day on which queen ants emerge from the nest to begin their nuptial flight.  In most species, the male ants also fly alongside them, although they are smaller and less noticeable. The queens fly around—some  very long distances, and others going only a few meters—then mate, and drop to the ground where they lose their wings, and attempt to start a new ant colony.  The mass of flying insects often attracts the attention of predators such as birds, and it is common to see flocks of feeding birds gorging on the readily available food.

This phenomenon occurs in many colonies simultaneously when the local weather conditions are appropriate, to reduce the effectiveness of predation and to ensure that the queens and males from different colonies stand a chance of meeting and interbreeding. It therefore has the appearance of being a 'timed' event or that the ants somehow communicate. However neither of these is likely to be the case - it is simply a common response to temperature, humidity and windspeed and time of year.

In October 2009, a swarm of flying ants briefly disrupted play between innings at cricket matches during the ICC Champions trophy, in South Africa.  The matches were the semi-final between Australia and England, and the ensuing final between Australia and New Zealand, both day-night 50 over games.
Question:
The male of what species explodes his internal genitalia on mating - then dies?
Answer:
Apis (genus)
Passage:
www.mykidsart.com.au - Pablo Picasso Famous Artists My ...
www.mykidsart.com.au - Pablo Picasso Famous Artists My Kids Art
Pablo Picasso 1881 - 1973
Pablo Picasso was born more than 120 years ago (1881) in Malaga, Spain.
He is famous for being the co-founder of Cubism which is a style of painting where objects of the painting subject are broken up and re-painted in an abstract form.
When Pablo was age 7 his father (who was also a painter) gave him artistic training in figure drawing and oil painting.
Later on Pablo studied art in Madrid and then went to Paris when he was about 19. In 1900 Paris was considered the art capital of       Europe.
Picasso's work is divided into periods - The Blue Period (1901-1904), which were sad looking paintings using blue and blue-green colours.
The Rose Period (1905-1907), which was a more happy style with orange and pink colours. The African-influenced Period (1908-1909) and The Cubism Period (1909- 1919)
 
Through-out his life Picasso also did ceramic and bronze sculptures, drawings, etchings and poetry. He also did paintings of other       famous artist's paintings but in his own style. 
He died (heart attack) in 1973 Age 91 - His final words were "Drink to me,       drink to my health, you know I can’t drink any more."
   
   
   
Self Portrait 1901     Old Guitarist 1903        Three Musicians 1921       Still Life with Guitar 1922    Marie-Therese        The Doves 1937
                                                                                                         Walter 1937 
 
Unusual Facts About Picasso
Pablo's real name is Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano       de la Santísima Trinidad Clito Ruiz Picasso. A lot of the names are of saints and relatives.
According to his mother, Pablo's first words were "piz, piz", which is short for lapiz - Spanish for 'pencil' 
Some of his paintings are amongst the most expensive in the world.
 _____________________________________________________
If you want to make your own Picasso visit Mr Picasso Head
Question:
Name any year in Picasso's 'Blue Period'?
Answer:
1901 - 1904
Passage:
Quiz for March 20th [Archive] - Shelled Warriors Forums
Quiz for March 20th [Archive]  - Shelled Warriors Forums
This is a 'not so obvious' quiz. Things are not so easy as they first appear:evil::evil::evil:
1.From which country did French horns originate? Germany
2.What mineral is an Alaskan diamond? Quartz
3.The Portuguese Man o' War (a sea-dwelling jellyfish-like invertebrate) alludes to a warship design devised in which country? England
4.In the story of Cinderella (the French medieval version, which gave us the modern Western version) what were Cinderella's slippers made from? Squirrel Fur
5.What is the main ingredient of a mince pie? Fruit
6.From what type of creature is Bombay duck made? Fish
7.What colour is orange blossom? White
8.According to the Bible how many (of each) sheep, cows and goats were taken onto Noah's Ark? Seven or Fourteen
9.Where did Panama hats originate? Ecuador
10.What type of animal inspired the creation of Bugs Bunny, Brer Rabbit, and the Easter Bunny? Hare
11.Where did tulips come from originally - specifically what (past) capital city and country exported the first tulips? Istanbul , Turkey
12.What type of building is a picture palace? Cinema
13.What is the main fruit ingredient of the traditional (orange) Jaffa Cake biscuit?Apricot
14.What type of creature is a prairie dog?Rodent
15.What meat is hamburger made from? Beef
16.How many people were in the band The Thompson Twins? Three
17.What type of alcoholic drink is barley wine? Beer
18.What is lava bread? Seaweed
19.What is the main ingredient of the dish Welsh Rabbit? Cheese
20.What colour is the black box on a plane? Orange
1st Place EthelandEdna
Question:
The Portuguese Man o' War (a sea-dwelling jellyfish-like invertebrate) alludes to a warship design devised in which country?
Answer:
Englnad
Passage:
William Lyman (inventor)
William Worcester Lyman (March 29, 1821 – November 15, 1891) was an American inventor from Meriden, Connecticut. He is credited with inventing the first rotating wheel can opener.  

William Lyman was born in 1821 in Middlefield, Connecticut. At the age of 15 he was apprenticed to the local company Griswold & Couch, located in Meriden, Connecticut, to learn pewtersmithery, and worked there until 1844. After that, he continued working as a pewtersmith with various local companies until 1880. In 1849, he was appointed as State Representative in Meriden. On September 5, 1841 William married Roxanne Griswold Frary, a local woman one year older than he was. He died in Meriden in 1891 at the age of 70.

Lyman was a dedicated inventor, and was awarded several US patents. The most famous is his rotating wheel can opener, invented in 1870. Whereas previous can openers were basically variations of a knife, Lyman's design was the first attempt to facilitate the procedure (see picture). The can was to be pierced in its center with the sharp metal rod of the opener. Then the length of the lever had to be adjusted to fit the can size, and the lever fixed with the wingnut. The top of the can was cut by pressing the cutting wheel into the can near the edge and rotating it along the can's rim.  The need to pierce the can first was a nuisance, and this can opener design has not survived. In 1925, a modern-style opener, equipped with an additional serrated wheel, was invented to substitute for Lyman's design.

His other patents were dedicated to improvements to various household food utensils such as a refrigerating pitcher (1858),  fruit can lids (1862),  tea and coffee pots,  and a butter-dish.  As an example illustrating the nature of those improvements, Lyman's fruit can lid relied on the physical principle that hot food placed in a jar and then allowed to cool would suck down the lid, provided with an elastic rim inside, thereby sealing the can.
Question:
What kitchen tool was invented my William Lyman in 1870
Answer:
Can-opener
