Passage:
Coda (music)
Coda (Italian for "tail", plural code) is a term used in music primarily to designate a passage that brings a piece (or a movement) to an end. Technically, it is an expanded cadence.  It may be as simple as a few measures, or as complex as an entire section. 

Coda as a section of a movement

The presence of a coda as a structural element in a movement is especially clear in works written in particular musical forms.  Codas were commonly used in both sonata form and variation movements during the Classical era.  In a sonata form movement, the recapitulation section will, in general, follow the exposition in its thematic content, while adhering to the home key.  The recapitulation often ends with a passage that sounds like a termination, paralleling the music that ended the exposition; thus, any music coming after this termination will be perceived as extra material, i.e., as a coda.  In works in variation form, the coda occurs following the last variation and will be very noticeable as the first music not based on the theme.

One of the ways that Beethoven extended and intensified Classical practice was to expand the coda sections, producing a final section sometimes of equal musical weight to the foregoing exposition, development, and recapitulation sections and completing the musical argument.  For one famous example, see Symphony No. 8 (Beethoven). 

Musical purpose

Charles Burkhart suggests that the reason codas are common, even necessary, is that, in the climax of the main body of a piece, a "particularly effortful passage", often an expanded phrase, is often created by "working an idea through to its structural conclusions" and that, after all this momentum is created, a coda is required to "look back" on the main body, allow listeners to "take it all in", and "create a sense of balance." 

In music notation

In music notation, the coda symbol, which resembles a set of crosshairs, is used as a navigation marker, similar to the dal Segno sign. It is used where the exit from a repeated section is within that section rather than at the end. The instruction "To Coda" indicates that, upon reaching that point during the final repetition, the performer is to jump immediately to the separate section headed with the coda symbol. For example, this can be used to provide a special ending for the final verse of a song.

This symbol is encountered mainly in modern music, not works by classical composers such as Haydn or Mozart.

Cauda

Cauda, the Latin root of coda, is used in the study of conductus of the 12th and 13th centuries. The cauda was a long melisma on one of the last syllables of the text, repeated in each strophe. Conducti were traditionally divided into two groups, conductus cum cauda and conductus sine cauda (Latin: "conductus with cauda", "conductus without cauda"), based on the presence of the melisma. Thus, the cauda provided a conclusionary role, also similar to the modern coda.

Codetta

Codetta (Italian for "little tail," the diminutive form) has a similar purpose to the coda, but on a smaller scale, concluding a section of a work instead of the work as a whole. A typical codetta concludes the exposition and recapitulation sections of a work in sonata form, following the second (modulated) theme, or the closing theme (if there is one). Thus, in the exposition, it usually appears in the secondary key, but, in the recapitulation, in the primary key. The codetta ordinarily closes with a perfect cadence in the appropriate key, confirming the tonality. If the exposition is repeated, the codetta is also, but sometimes it has its ending slightly changed, depending on whether it leads back to the exposition or into the development sections.

Codas in popular music

Many songs in rock and other genres of popular music have sections identifiable as codas.  A coda in these genres is sometimes referred to as an "outro", while in jazz, modern church music and barbershop arranging it is commonly called a "tag".
Question:
In a musical work the term 'coda' refers to its?
Answer:
Ending (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Ashes: dirty tricks mar a happy ending - Telegraph
The Ashes: dirty tricks mar a happy ending - Telegraph
The Ashes
The Ashes: dirty tricks mar a happy ending
We reached Dunkirk at 0600 hours to find Jerry in a fearful bate." Ho ho! There has been a lot of sport in the past two days about the great escape at Cardiff, with flotillas of small vessels mentioned in many a vivid dispatch.
Look at the evidence: Bilal Shafayat fails to convince Ricky Ponting that he was time wasting at the end of the first Test in Cardiff Photo: GETTY IMAGES
By Michael Henderson
7:30AM BST 14 Jul 2009
Whether or not England deserved to reach Lord's on level terms (they didn't), the first Test provided another memorable Ashes event.
It did more than that. The proper summer, involving proper cricket, began in Cardiff. After a Twenty20 World Cup that hogged the whole of June, and was declared a thundering success, Test cricket re-emerged in its best colours, to delight lovers of the game and confound those, like William Temple, the Archbishop of Canterbury, who thought it was no more than "organised loafing".
"There can be no summer in England without cricket," wrote Neville Cardus, who did more than any journalist to immortalise the rivalry between England and Australia. Now, at last, the summer has started, with red balls, white flannels (or fleeces, in England's case) and, happily, blue skies. We can smile again, and look forward to four more belters.
Outsiders often look at cricket and think: they must be mad; five long days, and no winner. Ignore them. To appreciate a draw is the hallmark of a true cricket lover, and this was no ordinary draw. The pitch was flat, much of the bowling was modest, and England were on the wrong end of the contest, saved ultimately by the rain, which cut a session from Saturday's play. Yet the last afternoon will be recalled years from now, particularly if England go on to win the series.
To do so, they will have to buck up their ideas. The captain can make a start by not telling fibs. "I don't think we were deliberately trying to waste a huge amount of time," said Andrew Strauss, offering a most disingenuous defence of his time-wasting practices in the closing stages, as James Anderson and Monty Panesar kept their bats straight.
Related Articles
Question:
Which sport did William Temple, Archbishop of Canterbury, describe as 'organised loafing'?
Answer:
Cricket games
Passage:
PoundPosters.com: The Lady from Shanghai 35.5cm x 28cm ...
PoundPosters.com: The Lady from Shanghai 35.5cm x 28cm Mini Print for Only £1 - Buy now!
Trustpilot
Film Print: Directed by the iconic Orson Wells, 'The Lady from Shanghai' starred Rita Hayworth as Elsa 'Rosalie' Bannister and was a classic film from the 1940's and 50's film era. This stunning mini print shows an illustrated depiction of Heyworth as she stands seductively in a black dress with her back on show. With the quote "I told you...you know nothing about wickedness",  this gorgeous mini print is sure to make an eye catching addition to your home.
Related Categories
Question:
"Which film poster included the line ""I told you... you know nothing about wickedness?"""
Answer:
Lady from Shanghai
Passage:
Beginning Band: Brass Family - Trumpet - French Horn ...
Beginning Band: Brass Family - Trumpet - French Horn - Trombone - Baritone - Tuba
Home Articles and Information Sound Clips Instrument Recommendations Contact Us
The Brass Family
The brass family consists of 5 major instruments with many other similar variations on them. The Trumpet/Cornet , the French Horn , the Trombone , the Baritone/Euphonium , and the Tuba/Sousaphone . Sound is produced by each instrument in the family by buzzing the lips together into the mouthpiece.  These instruments are a part of the band program, along with the woodwinds family and the percussion family.
The Trumpet and Cornet are two different instruments but their differences are so trivial, beginning band teachers don´t distinguish between the two. These instruments are the highest and smallest members of the brass family.
The French Horn is a brass instrument somewhat larger than a trumpet so its pitched lower. It´s a beautiful sounding instrument but beginners should be aware of a serious difficulty with learning to play the French Horn.
The Trombone , unlike the French Horn and Trumpet is considered 'low brass' and reads from the bass clef, opposed to the higher treble clef that is read by the higher instruments.  The trombone is a brass instrument with a unique feature. Rather than valves or keys that are pushed with the fingertips, the trombone uses a slide to change pitches.
The Baritone and Euphonium are two seperate instruments but the difference is minor and not important for a beginning band student. A baritone or euphonium can be considered a double sized trumpet or a half sized tuba.
The Tuba and Sousaphone are two seperate instruments but the difference is minor and not important for a beginning band student.  They are the largest and lowest instruments of the brass family.
Question:
What is the largest member of the Tuba family?
Answer:
Susaphone
Passage:
Booths - Grocery.com
Booths - Grocery.com
Shopping
Booths
Booths is a chain of supermarkets based in the United Kingdom. The stores sell a wide variety of food, beverages and wines.
History
Booths was founded in 1847 by the then-only 19-year old Edwin H. Booth. With the money he borrowed from a business mentor, Booth started with a single shop and named it ‘The China House.’ His small shop was located in Blackpool and primarily sold different varieties of tea. After three months, Booth was able to return the money he borrowed as capital, and even made a significant profit. Booth soon started expanding his stock and began looking for additional quality goods that he could sell in his shop.
In 1855, while Booth was in France, he discovered a French coffee product from Count Simon’s. He then started selling this particular coffee in his store. In 1902, Booth’s stores added cafés and started growing. The cafés in the stores added to their appeal, and increased the activity in every Booth’s store.
In 1863, Booths started moving into the trade of spirits and wines, thanks to changes made in licensing laws. In 1879, several Booths branches opened in the area of Lytham. In 1884, several more branches of Booths opened in the area of Blackburn.
In 1920, under John Booth’s (Edward’s son) leadership, the private company opened for staff who wanted to become shareholders. This was John Booth’s way of expressing his appreciation to the stores’ staff who enthusiastically worked in the stores. Today, Booths has at least 26 stores in different parts of the country. These stores are located in different parts of Cheshire, Cumbria, Lancashire and Yorkshire.
Ever since its inception, the store chain has stuck to its original philosophy, which was to acquire what best goods are available and sell them in stores that are attractive and staffed with first-class assistants. Booths has also entered into a partnership with Slow Foods, a company that supplies the stores with fresh, high quality foods.
Booths is also committed to promoting sustainability. Since 2006, the company has been continuously working on how to reduce, if not eliminate, the emissions of greenhouse gases that the stores or its suppliers produce.
Headquarters: Preston,UK
Question:
Which UK supermarket has its headquarters in Preston?
Answer:
Edwin Henry Booth
Passage:
Puttee
A puttee, also spelled puttie, is the name, adapted from the Hindi paṭṭī, bandage (Skt. paṭṭa, strip of cloth), for a covering for the lower part of the leg from the ankle to the knee. It consisted of a long narrow piece of cloth wound tightly and spirally round the leg, and serving to provide both support and protection.  It was worn by both mounted and dismounted soldiers, generally taking the place of the leather or cloth gaiter.

History

The puttee was first adopted as part of the service uniform of foot and mounted soldiers serving in British India during the second half of the nineteenth century. In its original form the puttee comprised long strips of cloth worn as a tribal legging in the Himalayas. The British Indian Army found this garment to be both comfortable and inexpensive, although it was considered to lack the smartness of the gaiter previously worn.  According to the British author and soldier Patrick Leigh Fermor infantry puttees were wound up from ankle to knee, but in cavalry regiments they were wound down from knee to ankle.  

The puttee was subsequently widely adopted by a number of armies including those of the British Commonwealth, the Austro-Hungarian Army, the Chinese National Revolutionary Army, the Belgian Army, the Dutch Army, the French Army, the Imperial Japanese Army, the Italian Army, the Portuguese Army, the Turkish Army and the United States Army. Most of these armies adopted puttees during or shortly before World War I. Puttees were in general use by the British Army as part of the khaki service uniform worn from 1902, until 1938 when a new Battle Dress was introduced, which included short webbing gaiters secured with buckles. 

Puttees generally ceased to be worn as part of military uniform during World War II. Reasons included the difficulty of quickly donning an item of dress that had to be wound carefully around each leg, plus medical reservations regarding hygiene and varicose veins. However the cheapness and easy availability of cloth leggings meant that they were retained in the Japanese and some other armies until 1945.

When the British Army finally replaced Battle Dress with the 1960 Pattern Combat Dress, the webbing gaiters were replaced by ankle high puttees. 

Recent find

In 2013, the remains of two teenaged Austrian First World War soldiers were found on the Presena glacier. One of them carried a spoon tucked into his puttees, apparently a common practice amongst soldiers eating out of communal pots.

"The Blue Puttees" and "The Glamour Boys"

Two current Canadian infantry regiments were given nicknames based on non-standard leg wear: the Newfoundland Regiment and the 48th Highlanders of Canada.

At the outbreak of World War I the Dominion of Newfoundland raised a regiment for active service. Lacking a local militia or garrison of soldiers, there were no military stores; uniforms had to be fashioned from scratch. In the absence of khaki broadcloth, puttees were fashioned from blue broadcloth. The Newfoundland Regiment was thus nicknamed "The Blue Puttees". This distinctive feature was retained for several months until the regiment was issued with standard British Army uniform and equipment upon arrival in England.  

During World War II, 1 Brigade of the 1st Canadian Division was being inspected by King George VI. By this date the traditional knee-length puttees  had been replaced with short ankle-length leggings worn with battledress. There were not enough khaki leggings for issue, so the 48th Highlanders made do with unofficial blue ones reportedly cut down from stocks of blue cloth found in regimental stores.  The King inquired as to why the 48th wore different "puttees" from the rest of the brigade. Upon being told of the shortage, the king replied that he liked the blue puttees better and that they should keep them. The 48th Highlanders continued to wear blue puttees until the regimental service dress was eventually phased out. Reportedly other regiments nicknamed them as "The Glamour Boys" for this distinctive form of legging.
Question:
Where on the body would you wear puttees?
Answer:
Leg (anatomy)
Passage:
Coins of the UK - Four Pence
Coins of the UK - Four Pence
Pictures of Four Pence Coins
Silver Groat
The name groat was given in the Middle Ages to all thick silver coins, as opposed to thin silver coins such as deniers or pennies.
Enno van Gelder in his book "De Nederlandse Munten" notes that the first pieces larger than a penny ("sterling") in the 13th century were the Venetian grosso  (meaning "large" or "thick"), followed by the French gros tournois, tariffed  at 12 deniers tournois.  This piece circulated in Holland, where it was known as the groot (also, conveniently, Dutch for "great" or "large").  There may be a Dutch intermediary between the French and the English use of the word. The OED (the big one) notes that the mediaeval Latin word grossus and old French word gros are recorded before the Teutonic forms and suggests that the adoption of the Dutch form into English is a sign that the coins from the Low Countries circulated in Britain before the home types were struck.
I am grateful to Martin Purdy of Wellington, New Zealand for bringing this information to my attention.
The first English groats were copied from the Continental gros tournois, and were issued during the reign of Edward I in 1279.  This first issue of groats weighed 89 grains, representing a penny weight of 22.25 grains, a slight reduction on the previous weight of 22.5 grains, but were not particularly popular.
The groat became more established after they were reissued in 1351 by Edward III with a lower weight of 72 grains.  The design changed relatively little during the next 150 years, although there was a reduction in weight to 60 grains in 1412 during the reign of Henry IV, and again to 48 grains in 1464 during the reign of Edward IV. Click here for  an image of an Henry VI groat which is typical of the early groat design. I am grateful to Jean ELSEN & ses Fils for permission to use this image, which is of an early Annulet issue of the Calais Mint.
Eventually the design was changed in 1502, when a profile portrait of Henry VII was used.
The first issues of Henry VIII continued to use the portrait of Henry VII from 1509 to 1526, when a new issue with his own portrait was made.  From 1544 the fineness of the silver was steadily debased from the normal .925 fine down to .333 fine.
During the reign of Edward VI the standard of the silver coinage was raised again, but the groat was not struck to this new standard until the reign of Mary I .  A Philip and Mary groat is also illustrated.
Elizabeth I had several developments during her reign.  Firstly, from 1559 to 1560 the groat was struck with a fineness of .916 and weighed 32 grains.  In 1560 the fineness was  increased further to .925, keeping the same weight.  In 1561 a new issue was made, but the  groat was replaced by the sixpence, and did not reappear.  It is about this time that the word fourpence came to replace the word groat.
The milled version of the groat was produced by Eloi Mestrell at the same time as the hammered issues.
The hammered fourpence was issued for Maundy purposes until 1662 during the reign of Charles II, but was not generally used for circulation, as far as I can tell.
After 1662 a milled issue was made fairly regularly until the reign of George III.  The crowned numeral first appeared in 1686 when the roman numeral IIII was used as a pun on Iacobus for James II.  On the accession of William and Mary the arabic number 4 was used instead, and the basic design has not changed since (although the details have of course).
After the reign of George III the crowned 4 type was issued exclusively for use in the Maundy ceremony, and is  still issued up until the present day, although revalued as 4 new pence on decimalisation in 1971. Pictures of examples of the 1840 Maundy Groat and 1922 Maundy Groat are available.
All Maundy groats of Elizabeth II use the same portrait.
The Britannia Groat
In 1836 a new design of groat was issued for circulation.  It's diameter was the same as for the silver threepence of the time, namely 16mm, but it was thicker and had a milled edge.  It weighed 1.9g.
In fact this coin was never commonly referred to as a groat.  The phrase 'fourpenny bit' was usual, but the coin was also known as a Joey after the MP Joseph Hume, who campaigned for its  introduction. I believe his reasoning was that the hansom cab fare was fourpence, and the coin therefore did not require the change that a sixpence did.  This was not popular with the cab drivers as often they had been given the twopence change from a sixpence as a tip!
Instead of a crowned figure 4 the reverse has a representation of Britannia, thus the term Britannia Groat.  It was issued regularly  until 1855, when it dropped out of use in the UK because of confusion with the 3d  which started to be issued for general circulation in 1845.
The coin was also used extensively in British Guiana, and a further issue with the Jubilee head was made for use there in 1888 .  The issues from 1851 to 1853 are quite scarce, and proofs exist for 1857 and 1862.
I always like the legend errors - the 1838 coin has a version with the 8 over a horizontal 8.  The die maker must have been living it up a bit the night before!
Acknowledgements
See my Main Coins Index page for acknowledgements
Links
Question:
What was the old silver coin worth 4 pennies?
Answer:
Groat (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Duggans
The Duggans () (pron. the doogans) are an Irish musical duo from Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland. The twin brothers Noel and Pádraig Duggan came to prominence in the 1970s with the folk group Clannad,  and took a ten-year break after winning a Grammy Award for their 1998 album Landmarks. They have since toured extensively with their band Norland Wind, they were identified and introduced to television by Tony MacMahon.   and in 2005 released their first studio album Rubicon, which was met with critical acclaim and sold well throughout Ireland.

The duo released their début album in 2005, featuring Moya Brennan, Finbar Furey and Orla Fallon among others. The album also features the king of Tory Island.

Members

Twins Pádraig and Noel Duggan were born Ó Dúgáin on 23 January 1949 in Gweedore, County Donegal.

Rubicon

In 2005, the Duggans recorded their début studio album, made up of traditional songs and ballads in the Irish language along with self-penned songs in English. The album features long-time collaborators Thomas Loefke and Kerstin Blodig of Norland Wind fame, Moya Brennan, Brídín Brennan and Celtic Woman's Órla Fallon. 

Discography

Albums

* Rubicon (2005)

As part of Clannad

Compilations

*Irish Ballads (various artists – 2005)
Question:
Which group consists of the Duggans and the Brennans
Answer:
Ciaran O Braonain
Passage:
Director of Public Prosecutions (England and Wales)
The Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) is the most senior public prosecutor in England and Wales (second only to the Attorney General and Solicitor General). The DPP is the head of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), with personal responsibility for its 7,000 staff and approximately 800,000 prosecutions undertaken by it every year. The holder of the role is appointed by the Attorney General on the recommendation of a panel that includes the First Civil Service Commissioner.

First created in 1879, the office was merged with that of the Treasury Solicitor five years later,  before again becoming independent in 1908. The Director's department and role underwent modernisation from 1944 to 1964 under Sir Theobald Mathew QC, and further expansion with the introduction of the CPS in 1985, which came under the control of the Director. The Director is superintended by the Attorney General, who answers for the CPS in Parliament. The current director is Alison Saunders, who took office on 1 November 2013. 

History

A Director of Public Prosecutions was first recommended by the Criminal Law Commission in 1845, who said that "the duty of prosecution is usually irksome, inconvenient and burthensome; the injured party would often rather forgo the prosecution than incur expense of time, labour and money. When, therefore, the party injured is compelled by the magistrate to act as prosecutor, the duty is frequently performed unwillingly and carelessly." The County and Borough Police Act 1856 allowed the Home Office to ask the Treasury Solicitor's Department to take on cases of particular importance, but this left many cases falling through the net. As a result, the Prosecution of Offences Act 1879 was passed, which created a Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) to advise the police and personally act in cases of importance; an elaboration on the 1856 Act. 

The first appointee was Sir John Maule QC, who took up his post in 1880. Maule was a quiet, reserved and cautious man, who interpreted his powers in an unnecessarily restrictive way, feeling that he could do little more than send cases to the Treasury Solicitor's office, and that it was not the job of the DPP to prosecute cases. He came under harsh criticism, which reached a head in 1883 when he refused to authorise prosecution of a pair of blackmailers, who were instead prosecuted privately, convicted and given heavy sentences. As a result of the fallout, the Home Secretary William Harcourt set up a committee into "the present action and position of the Director of Public Prosecutions". 

The Committee concluded that the DPP's job, in which he took no practical part in prosecutions, would be best unified into the job of the Treasury Solicitor. This was accepted, and the DPP "vanished in all but name". Successors for the rest of the century held both titles, and both jobs, thanks to the Prosecution of Offences Act 1884.  The next few appointees were unimportant and uncontroversial, until Sir Charles Willie Matthews QC, a man Rozenberg describes as "the first real DPP". The Prosecution of Offenses Act 1908 repealed the section of the 1884 Act that unified the DPP and Treasury Solicitor, giving Matthews an office of his own on his appointment in the same year.  

The organisation remained rooted in its Victorian origins, still operating under the 1886 Prosecutions of Offences Regulations, until the appointment of Sir Theobald Mathew QC in 1944. The youngest man (and only solicitor) to be appointed DPP at that time,  Matthews modernised the office, updating the Prosecutions of Offences Regulations, introducing trunk dialling and using dictaphones to make up for the small number of shorthand typists. He reorganised and modernised the department as a whole, and many of his modifications are still in place; for example, a provision in many new Acts of Parliament dealing with the criminal law that requires the consent of the DPP for a prosecution.  At the same time he battled with the Civil Service for an increase in staff numbers, securing the appointment of three new Assistant Solicitors in the late 1950s; a large leap for a staff which had previously numbered five, excluding secretaries.  The Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 created the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in 1986, a dedicated, nationwide prosecution service under the control of the DPP, then Sir Thomas Hetherington QC. This involved the recruitment of 3,000 new staff, which despite difficulties the DPP succeeded in doing. The CPS now handles the vast majority of prosecutions. 

In 2011, the DPP was given veto power over arrest warrants following a 2009 warrant for the arrest of Tzipi Livni issued by Westminster Magistrates' Court.  

List of Directors

# Sir John Maule QC (1880–1884)
# Sir Augustus Stephenson QC (1884–1894; also Treasury Solicitor)
# Lord Desart QC (1894–1908; also Treasury Solicitor)
# Sir Charles Willie Matthews QC (1908–1920)
# Sir Archibald Bodkin QC (1920–1930)
# Sir Edward Tindal Atkinson QC (1930–1944)
# Sir Theobald Mathew KCB MC QC (1944–1964)
# Sir Norman Skelhorn QC (1964–1977)
# Sir Thomas Hetherington QC (1977–1987; first head of CPS)
# Sir Allan Green QC (1987–1992)
# Dame Barbara Mills DBE QC (1992–1998)
# Sir David Calvert-Smith QC (1998–2003)
# Sir Ken Macdonald QC (2003–2008)
# Sir Keir Starmer KCB QC (2008–2013)
#  Alison Saunders CB (2013–present)
Question:
Who, appointed in 2008, is the Director of Public Prosecutions of England and Wales?
Answer:
Keir Starmer
Passage:
Farmer , Peasant Names for Boys - Think Baby Names
Farmer, Peasant Names for Boys
Barric [Beric, Barak, Barrick], Bartholomew [Bat, Thole, Bartt, Bertel, Bartow, Bartome,  ..], Bartlet [Bartlett, Bartlitt], Beebe , Bond , Bosworth , Calumet [Callumet], Carley [Carleigh], Carlton ▼ [Carlson, Carston, Carleton, Charlton], Chadwick ▼ [Chadwyck], Charlton [Carlton, Carleton, Charleton, Charleston], Cherokee , Chilton [Chill, Chelton], Dell ▼, Diego [Dago], Egor [Igor, Ygor], Fallows [Fallow], Farmer , Franklin ▼ [Frank, Franklyn, Francklyn, Francklin, Franklinn, Franklynn], George ▼ [Yuri, Ygor, Yorik, Yurik, Yuriy, Yorick,  ..]
2.
Goran - Walworth
Goran , Granger [Grange, Grainger], Harcourt , Jerzy , Jordi , Joren [Jorn, Jory, Jorey, Joron, Jorry, Jorian], Jorge [Jorje], Juri [Yuri, Jaris], Kelby [Kelbey, Kelbie, Kellby], Keoki , Koresh [Choresh], Lathrop , Leonard ▼ [Lonny, Leonid, Leonis, Lonnard, Leonidas, Leonides,  ..], Mayer [Meir, Myer, Maier, Meyer], Meyer ▼ [Myer, Meir, Mayer, Meier, Mayor, Mayeer], Northrop [Northrup], Paine [Pain, Payne], Spiridon [Spero, Spiro, Spiros, Spyros, Spyridon, Spiridion], Thornycroft [Thorneycroft], Walworth
3.
Question:
Which male name comes from the Greek meaning farmer or agriculture?
Answer:
Gheevarghese
Passage:
Manhattan (cocktail)
A Manhattan is a cocktail made with whiskey, sweet vermouth, and bitters. Commonly used whiskeys include rye (the traditional choice), Canadian whisky, bourbon, blended whiskey, and Tennessee whiskey. The cocktail is often stirred and strained into a cocktail glass, where it is garnished with a Maraschino cherry with a stem.[http://entertaining.about.com/cs/recipesandmenus/a/manhattan.htm Recipe for a Manhattan Cocktail] from about.com  A Manhattan can also be served on the rocks in a lowball glass. The whiskey-based Manhattan is one of five cocktails named for one of New York City's five boroughs, but is perhaps most closely related to the Brooklyn cocktail,[http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2011/02/the-brooklyn-cocktail-rye-maraschino-vermouth.html The Brooklyn Cocktail | Serious Eats : Recipes] a mix utilizing dry vermouth and Maraschino liqueur in place of the Manhattan's sweet vermouth, as well as Amer Picon in place of the Manhattan's traditional bitters.

The Manhattan is one of six basic drinks listed in David A. Embury's classic The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks.

Origin and history

A popular history suggests that the drink originated at the Manhattan Club in New York City in the early 1870s, where it was invented by Dr. Iain Marshall for a banquet hosted by Jennie Jerome (Lady Randolph Churchill, mother of Winston) in honor of presidential candidate Samuel J. Tilden. The success of the banquet made the drink fashionable, later prompting several people to request the drink by referring to the name of the club where it originated—"the Manhattan cocktail".[http://www.cocktailtimes.com/party/christmas.shtml Holiday Cocktail Party] from CocktailTimes.com  However, Lady Randolph was in France at the time and pregnant, so the story is likely a fiction. 

However, there are prior references to various similar cocktail recipes called "Manhattan" and served in the Manhattan area.  By one account it was invented in the 1860s by a bartender named Black at a bar on Broadway near Houston Street. 

The original  "Manhattan cocktail" was a mix of "American Whiskey, Italian Vermouth and Angostura bitters".   During Prohibition (1920–1933) Canadian whisky was primarily used because it was available. 

An early record of the cocktail can be found in William Schmidt's "The Flowing Bowl", published in 1891. In it, he details a drink containing 2 dashes of gum (gomme syrup), 2 dashes of bitters, 1 dash of absinthe, 2/3 portion of whiskey and 1/3 portion of vermouth.

The same cocktail appears listed as a "Tennessee Cocktail" in Shake 'em Up! by V. Elliott and P. Strong, copyright 1930 (p. 39): "Two parts of whiskey, one part of Italian Vermouth and a dash of bitters poured over ice and stirred vigorously."

Traditions

On the small North Frisian island of Föhr, the Manhattan cocktail is a standard drink at almost every cafe restaurant, and "get together" of locals.[http://www.foehr-digital.de/essen.aspx Essen und Trinken] from Föhr-Digital.de The story goes, that many of the people of Föhr emigrated to Manhattan during deep sea fishing trips, took a liking to the drink, and brought it back to Föhr with them. The drink is usually mixed 1 part (the 'perfect' is said to be half white/half red) vermouth to 2 parts whiskey, with a dash of bitters, served ice cold, in an ice cold glass, or with ice and a cherry garnish.

There is a mistaken belief that Manhattans are always stirred and never shaken, primarily to avoid persistent foaming. However such foaming now indicates either dirty equipment or less than premium quality ingredients. Traditions for both preparations go back to the late 1800s. 

Variations

Traditional views insist that a Manhattan be made with American rye whiskey. However, more often than not, it is made with bourbon or Canadian whisky. The Manhattan is subject to considerable variation and innovation, and is often a way for the best bartenders to show off their creativity. Some shake the ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker instead of stirring it, creating a froth on the surface of the drink.  Angostura is the classic bitters, but orange bitters, Peychaud's Bitters, may be used. Some make their own bitters and syrups, substitute comparable digestifs in place of vermouth, specialize in local or rare whiskeys, or use other exotic ingredients. A lemon peel may be used as garnish.  Some add juice from the cherry jar or Maraschino liqueur to the cocktail for additional sweetness and color.

Originally, bitters were considered an integral part of any cocktail, as the ingredient that differentiated a cocktail from a sling.  Over time, those definitions of cocktail and sling have become archaic, as sling has fallen out of general use (other than in certain drink names), and cocktail can mean any drink that resembles a martini, or simply any mixed drink.

The following are other variations on the classic Manhattan:
* A Rob Roy is made with Scotch whisky.
* A Dry Manhattan is made with dry vermouth instead of sweet vermouth, usually also replacing the maraschino cherry with a twist in keeping with the overall principle of reducing the cocktail's sweetness.  A Manhattan made with dry vermouth but retaining the cherry rather than twist is sometimes known as a "half-dry Manhattan," but this name risks confusion with the "Perfect Manhattan" (see below), whose quantity of vermouth consists of equal parts sweet vermouth and dry vermouth.
* A Perfect Manhattan is made with equal parts sweet and dry vermouth.
* A Brandy Manhattan is made with Brandy instead of whiskey and is very popular in Wisconsin and Minnesota.[http://onmilwaukee.com/bars/articles/brandy.html OnMilwaukee.com Bars & Clubs: Wisconsinites love affair with brandy]
* A Metropolitan is similar to a brandy Manhattan, but with a 3-to-1 ratio of brandy to vermouth. 
* A Cuban Manhattan is a Perfect Manhattan with dark rum as its principal ingredient. 
*A Tijuana Manhattan is made with an Anejo Tequila. 
*The Fourth Regiment is a classic (ca. 1889) cocktail that uses a 1:1 ratio of whiskey and vermouth, and uses three dashes of three different bitters - orange bitters, celery bitters, and Peychaud's Bitters.
Question:
What is added to Vermouth and Whisky to make a 'Manhattan' cocktail?
Answer:
DASH OF BITTERS
Passage:
Till There Was You
"Till There Was You" is a song written by Meredith Willson for his 1957 musical play The Music Man, and which also appeared in the 1962 movie version. The song is sung by librarian Marian Paroo (Barbara Cook on Broadway, Shirley Jones in the film) to Professor Harold Hill (portrayed by Robert Preston) toward the end of Act Two. It became a hit for Anita Bryant in 1959, reaching #30 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and spending two weeks at #14 on Cash Box. "Till There Was You" was later covered by the English rock band the Beatles in 1963.

History

The first recording of this song to be released came even before the original cast album version of January 1958. Promotional copies of the 45 rpm single, Capitol P3847, were released on November 26, 1957, even before the Broadway production had premiered on December 19. Produced by Nelson Riddle, it featured his orchestra and 17-year-old vocalist Sue Raney. An earlier version of this song, "'Til I Met You", was first recorded by Eileen Wilson in 1950 and later appeared on the January 14, 1951 edition of The Big Show, performed by Fran Warren.

Chart performance

The Beatles version

"Till There Was You" was included on the Beatles albums With the Beatles (UK release, 1963) and Meet the Beatles! (US release, 1964), the song was the only Broadway tune that the English rock group ever recorded.

Paul McCartney was introduced to Peggy Lee's cover of the song by his older cousin, Bett Robbins, who would occasionally baby-sit the two McCartney brothers.  McCartney said: "I had no idea until much later that it was from The Music Man."  "'Til There Was You" was part of the Beatles' repertoire in 1962 and performed at the Star Club in Hamburg.  It became illustrative of the Beatles' versatility, proving they could appeal to all sections of an audience, moving easily from softer ballads to harder rock and roll, as in their appearance on November 4, 1963 at the Royal Variety Performance when they followed this song with "Twist and Shout". 

The band had previously performed "'Till There Was You" as part of their failed audition for Decca Records in London on January 1, 1962, and it was the second of five the group sang during their first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show on February 9, 1964. 

Live versions of the song were released on Live at the BBC (1994) and Anthology 1 (1995). 
A live performance of "'Till There was You" by Paul McCartney appears on his DVD The Space Within US.

In 2016, the BBC announced that a "holy grail" Beatles record would be auctioned in March of that year. A private pressing; it features two songs, "Hello Little Girl" and "Til There Was You" and was valued at over £10,000 [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-merseyside-35660169]. The disc eventually sold for well over its estimated value - £77,500 [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-merseyside-35870751].

Personnel

*Paul McCartney – lead vocal, bass guitar
*John Lennon – acoustic rhythm guitar
*George Harrison – acoustic lead guitar
*Ringo Starr – bongos

Other versions

*In 1958, jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins recorded the song on his groundbreaking album Freedom Suite. An alternate take is provided on the 1999 CD rerelease.
*In 1959, Anita Bryant recorded a single which reached number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 14 on the Cashbox Top 100.
*In March 1961, "'Til There Was You" was a minor hit in the UK for Peggy Lee.
*Etta Jones recorded a version for her 1961 album Something Nice. 
*Al Hirt released a version on his 1962 album, Horn A-Plenty. 
*In 1962, the young Nana Mouskouri recorded a slow, romantic, velvety version as originally the closing track on her acclaimed Great American Songbook album Nana Mouskouri in New York (The Girl from Greece Sings), produced by Quincy Jones.
*In 1962, an instrumental version of Meredith Willson's song by Valjean was also popular.[http://www.45cat.com/record/hll9593 45cat - Valjean - Till There Was You / The Eighteenth Variation - London - UK - HLL 9593]
*In 1963, Sergio Franchi recorded this song on his RCA Victor Red Seal album Broadway... I Love You.[http://www.discogs.com/Sergio-Franchi-BroadwayI-Love-You/release/1177740 Sergio Franchi - Broadway...I Love You (Vinyl, LP) at Discogs]
*The Smithereens recorded the song on their 2007 album Meet the Smithereens!, which consists entirely of cover versions of songs from the Meet the Beatles! album.
Question:
From which musical does the song 'Till There Was You' come?
Answer:
Gary, Indiana (song)
Passage:
The Morning Walk Painting - PaintingHere.com
Thomas Gainsborough The Morning Walk painting anysize 50% off - The Morning Walk painting for sale
Our return policy is very simple:
 
If you're not happy with Thomas Gainsborough The Morning Walk that you made on PaintingHere.com, for any reason, you can return it to us within 50 days of the order date. As soon as it arrives, we'll issue a full refund for the entire purchase price. Please note - PaintingHere.com does not reimburse the outgoing or return shipping charges unless the return is due to a defect in quality.
Question:
Which English artist painted The Morning Walk
Answer:
Gainsborough
Passage:
Litmus
Litmus is a water soluble mixture of different dyes extracted from lichens.  It is often absorbed onto filter paper to produce one of the oldest forms of pH indicator, used to test materials for acidity.

History 

Litmus was used for the first time about 1300 AD by Spanish alchemist Arnaldus de Villa Nova. From the 16th century on, the blue dye was extracted from some lichens, especially in the Netherlands.

Natural sources 

Litmus can be found in different species of lichens. The dyes are extracted from such species as Roccella tinctoria (South America), Roccella fuciformis (Angola and Madagascar), Roccella pygmaea (Algeria), Roccella phycopsis, Lecanora tartarea (Norway, Sweden), Variolaria dealbata, Ochrolechia parella, Parmotrema tinctorum, and Parmelia. Currently, the main sources are Roccella montagnei (Mozambique) and Dendrographa leucophoea (California).

Uses 

The main use of litmus is to test whether a solution is acidic or basic. Wet litmus paper can also be used to test for water-soluble gases that affect acidity or alkalinity; the gas dissolves in the water and the resulting solution colors the litmus paper. For instance, ammonia gas, which is alkaline, colors the red litmus paper blue.

Blue litmus paper turns red under acidic conditions and red litmus paper turns blue under basic or alkaline conditions, with the color change occurring over the pH range 4.5–8.3 at 25 C.  Neutral litmus paper is purple.   Litmus can also be prepared as an aqueous solution that functions similarly.  Under acidic conditions, the solution is red, and under basic conditions, the solution is blue.

Chemical reactions other than acid-base can also cause a color change to litmus paper. For instance, chlorine gas turns blue litmus paper white – the litmus dye is bleached,  because of presence of hypochlorite ions. This reaction is irreversible, so the litmus is not acting as an indicator in this situation.

Chemistry

The litmus mixture has the CAS number 1393-92-6 and contains 10 to 15 different dyes. Most of the chemical components of litmus are likely to be the same as those of the related mixture known as orcein, but in different proportions. In contrast with orcein, the principal constituent of litmus has an average molecular mass of 3300.  Acid-base indicators on litmus owe their properties to a 7-hydroxyphenoxazone chromophore.  Some fractions of litmus were given specific names including erythrolitmin (or erythrolein), azolitmin, spaniolitmin, leucoorcein, and leucazolitmin. Azolitmin shows nearly the same effect as litmus. 

Mechanism

Red litmus contains a weak diprotic acid. When it is exposed to a basic compound, the hydrogen ions react with the added base. The conjugated base, formed from the litmus acid, has a blue color, so the wet red litmus paper turns blue in alkaline solution.
Question:
Litmus is a mixture of dyes used as an indicator. It is extracted from which types of plant?
Answer:
Epinecral layer
Passage:
Horror | Define Horror at Dictionary.com
Horror | Define Horror at Dictionary.com
horror
[hawr-er, hor-] /ˈhɔr ər, ˈhɒr-/
Spell
noun
1.
an overwhelming and painful feeling caused by something frightfully shocking, terrifying, or revolting; a shuddering fear:
to shrink back from a mutilated corpse in horror.
2.
anything that causes such a feeling:
killing, looting, and other horrors of war.
3.
such a feeling as a quality or condition:
to have known the horror of slow starvation.
4.
to have a horror of emotional outbursts.
5.
Informal. something considered bad or tasteless:
That wallpaper is a horror. The party was a horror.
6.
inspiring or creating horror, loathing, aversion, etc.:
The hostages told horror stories of their year in captivity.
8.
centered upon or depicting terrifying or macabre events:
a horror movie.
horrors, (used as a mild expression of dismay, surprise, disappointment, etc.)
Origin of horror
Latin
1520-1530
1520-30; < Latin horror, equivalent to horr- (stem of horrēre to bristle with fear; see horrendous ) + -or -or 1; replacing Middle English orrour < Anglo-French < Latin horrōr-, stem of horror
Synonyms
1. dread, dismay, consternation. See terror . 4. loathing, antipathy, detestation, hatred, abomination.
Antonyms
Examples from the Web for horror
Expand
Contemporary Examples
Still Jim Honor Willsie Morrow
I could only look away from him in horror, and fix my eyes on the ground.
British Dictionary definitions for horror
Expand
(often pl) a thing or person causing fear, loathing, etc
4.
(modifier) having a frightening subject, esp a supernatural one: a horror film
Word Origin
C14: from Latin: a trembling with fear; compare hirsute
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for horror
Expand
n.
early 14c., from Old French horror (12c., Modern French horreur) and directly from Latin horror "dread, veneration, religious awe," a figurative use, literally "a shaking, trembling, shudder, chill," from horrere "to bristle with fear, shudder," from PIE root *ghers- "to bristle" (cf. Sanskrit harsate "bristles," Avestan zarshayamna- "ruffling one's feathers," Latin eris (genitive) "hedgehog," Welsh garw "rough"). As a genre in film, 1934. Chamber of horrors originally (1849) was a gallery of notorious criminals in Madame Tussaud's wax exhibition.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Idioms and Phrases with horror
Expand
Question:
"The word ""horror"" comes from a Latin word meaning what?"
Answer:
Bristles
Passage:
Sinatra Doctrine
"Sinatra Doctrine" was the name that the Soviet government of Mikhail Gorbachev used jokingly to describe its policy of allowing neighboring Warsaw Pact states to determine their own internal affairs. The name alluded to the song "My Way" popularized by Frank Sinatra—the Soviet Union was allowing these states to go their own way.

This was a major break with the earlier Brezhnev Doctrine, under which the internal affairs of satellite states were tightly controlled by Moscow. This had been used to justify the crushing of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968, as well as the invasion of the non-Warsaw Pact nation of Afghanistan in 1979. By the late 1980s, structural flaws within the Soviet system, growing economic problems, the rise of anti-communist sentiment and the effects of the Soviet-Afghan War made it increasingly impractical for the Soviet Union to impose its will on its neighbors.

The phrase was coined on 25 October 1989 by Foreign Ministry spokesman Gennadi Gerasimov. He was speaking to reporters in Helsinki about a speech made two days earlier by Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze.  The latter had said that the Soviets recognized the freedom of choice of all countries, specifically including the other Warsaw Pact states. Gerasimov told the interviewer that, "We now have the Frank Sinatra doctrine. He has a song, I Did It My Way. So every country decides on its own which road to take." When asked whether this would include Moscow accepting the rejection of communist parties in the Soviet bloc. He replied: "That's for sure… political structures must be decided by the people who live there."

The "Sinatra Doctrine" has been seen as Moscow giving permission to its allies to decide their own futures. In fact, it was a retrospective policy, as Soviet allies had already acquired much greater freedom of action. A month before Gerasimov's statement, Poland had elected its first non-communist government since the 1940s. The government of Hungary had opened its border with Austria in August 1989, dismantling the Iron Curtain on its own border. As Hungary was one of the few countries that East Germans could travel to, thousands travelled there so that they could flee across the newly opened border to the West. To the great annoyance of the East German government, the Hungarians refused to stop the exodus.

These developments greatly disturbed hardline communists such as the East German leader Erich Honecker, who condemned the end of the traditional "socialist unity" of the Soviet bloc and appealed to Moscow to rein in the Hungarians. Honecker faced a growing crisis at home, with massive anti-government demonstrations in Leipzig and other East German cities. Shevardnadze's speech and Gerasimov's memorable description of the new policy amounted to a rebuff of Honecker's appeals.

The proclamation of the "Sinatra Doctrine" had dramatic effects across the Soviet bloc. The beleaguered East German government had hoped for a Soviet intervention to defend communism in East Germany and elsewhere. However, the announcement of the "Sinatra Doctrine" signalled that the Soviet Union would not aid the East German communists. A few weeks later the communist governments of East Germany, Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria were ousted, and two months later the communist rulers of Romania suffered the same fate, signalling an end to the Cold War and to the division of Europe.
Question:
Who formulated his Sinatra Doctrine - Foreign policy to be constructed on a My Way basis?
Answer:
Eduard Amvrosievich Shevardnadze
Passage:
BFI Screenonline: Compact (1962-65)
BFI Screenonline: Compact (1962-65)
Compact (1962-65)
373 x 30 min episodes, black & white
 
 
James Cellan Jones
Cast: Jean Harvey (Joanne Minster); Gareth Davies (Mark); Frances Bennett (Gussie); Ronald Allen (Ian Harmon); Moray Watson (Richard)
was the
BBC
's second attempt at a full-blown soap opera, and the broadcaster had clearly learnt a great deal about the genre since its first effort,
The Grove Family
(1954-57). Unlike its predecessor, which had been focused on a single family,
Compact
told the everyday story of a glossy women's magazine, the eponymous Compact, and its staff, led by feisty editor Joanne Minster. Middle-class suburbia had been supplanted by gossip column glamour and the cosmopolitan world of publishing.
The programme was devised by
Hazel Adair
, who went on to create
Crossroads
(ITV, 1964-88; 2001-), and was screened on a Tuesday and Thursday night so as not to clash with
Coronation Street
(ITV, 1960-), which had already established itself as the dominant force in early evening TV.
Compact
is interesting for a number of reasons. First, it accepted that people who work together often lead quite separate lives away from the office and that people in the same environment don't all interact - a world away from the general genre convention that everyone knows everyone else's business. It was also the first soap opera to include a regular role for a black actor,
Horace James
, who played magazine photographer Jeff Armandez for 26 episodes during 1964.
Aside from focusing on the high-pressure business of putting together a successful magazine,
Compact
carried storylines about quitting smoking, a post room junior selling cannabis and a slew of office romances. These included senior executive Ian Harmon (played by
Ronald Allen
Question:
What was the name of the soap about a women's magazine that was on BBC from 1962 to 1965?
Answer:
COMPACT
Passage:
The More I See You
"The More I See You" is a popular song composed by Harry Warren, with lyrics by Mack Gordon, and was originally sung by Dick Haymes in the 1945 film Diamond Horseshoe.

In 1966, Chris Montez released the most commercially successful and well-known recording of the song, and his version has been used many times in films, notably at the beginning of the famous club scene in Roman Polanski's Frantic, starring Harrison Ford. Chris Montez's version went to number sixteen on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent four weeks at number two on the Easy Listening chart. 

History

"The More I See You" was first published in 1945 and has been subsequently recorded by many artists,  most notably:

* Peter Allen - Taught By Experts (1976)
* Chet Baker - (Chet Baker Sings) It Could Happen to You (1958)
* Count Basie - Montreux '77 (1977)
* Michael Bublé - It's Time (2005)
* Michael Bublé - Caught in the Act (2005)
* Alma Cogan - I Love to Sing/With You in Mind (2003)
* Nat King Cole - The Very Thought of You (1958)
* Doris Day - Doris Day's Sentimental Journey (1965)
* Bobby Darin - Love Swings (1961)
* Eliane Elias - Bossa Nova Stories (2008)
* Sergio Franchi - From Sergio - With Love (1967)
* Four Freshmen - The Four Freshmen and Five Guitars  (1959)
* Johnny Hartman - This One's for Tedi  (1985)
* Dick Haymes - Billy Rose's Diamond Horseshoe (1945)
* Bert Kaempfert and his Orchestra  - Golden Memories (1975)
* Carol Kidd - Carol Kidd (1984)

* Sondre Lerche - Duper Sessions (2006)
* Julie London - Your Number Please (1959)
* Brad Mehldau - Progression, Art of the Trio, Vol. 5 (2001)
* Hank Mobley - Roll Call (1961)
* Chris Montez - The More I See You (1966)
* Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark - Organisation (1980)
* Mark Murphy - Another Vision (1992)
* Anthony Perkins - From My Heart (1958)
* Nina Simone - A Single Woman (1993)
* Carly Simon - Moonlight Serenade (2005)
* Nancy Sinatra - Nancy in London (1966)
* Valli - single release, lyrics half in French, half in English (1986)
* Sarah Vaughan - Live in '58 and '64 (2007 DVD)
* Andy Williams - Love, Andy (1967)
* Viola Wills - single release (1982)
* Nancy Wilson - Like in Love (1960)
Question:
‘Let’s Dance’ and ‘The More I See You’ were top five hits for which Chris?
Answer:
Montez
Passage:
Humidor
A humidor is any kind of box or room with constant humidity that is used to store cigars, cigarettes, or pipe tobacco. For private use, small wooden boxes holding a few dozen cigars are common, while cigar shops may have walk-in humidors. Humidors can be used to maintain consistent humidity level for other goods; the Colorado Rockies Major League Baseball team stores game balls in a large humidor at their home stadium, Coors Field, to counteract the effects of Denver's low humidity. Many humidors use hygrometers to monitor their humidity levels.

Types

Walk-in

Most common in cigar bars or stores. One room is built as or converted to a humidor where all the cigars are stored.

Cabinet

Usually placed on the floor as a piece of furniture. Typically holds 1000-5000 cigars.

Personal

A small humidor kept in a convenient location in home or office for personal storage, special events, or aesthetics, usually holding 20-75 cigars. Also known as a "desktop humidor".

Travel

Portable, usually holding 2 to 10 cigars.

Construction

Commercially made humidor cases are typically made of wood, although other materials, like acrylic glass and metal, are not uncommon. Carbon fibre, silicon carbide, and polyethylene have also been used. Disregarding aesthetic qualities, the casing's purpose is to protect the interior and create a closed environment, so any durable and airtight material can be used.

The interior is typically a veneer of Spanish-cedar, which possesses the following desirable characteristics for cigar storage:
# It holds more moisture than most woods, so it helps maintain humidity.
# It is not prone to "warping" or "cupping" in high humidity.
# It imparts its aroma to cigars. For the same reason, some cigars are wrapped in Spanish-cedar sheets before they are sold.
# It can repel tobacco beetles, pinhead-sized pests which can ruin entire stocks of cigars by eating the tobacco and laying eggs, causing further infestation. They can also be discouraged by ensuring the humidor does not get hotter than 20 C.  The beetle eggs usually only hatch at around 25 C, although there are also instances where they will hatch at cooler temperatures if the humidity is too high.

Humidors are typically commercially produced, though most walk-ins are custom built and some humidors are homemade.[http://www.cigargroup.com/gallery/homemade.htm Homemade Humidor Album Page] They range considerably in material, size and complexity. Capacity is determined by deducting the space required for the humidification element and some extra room between the element and the cigars. It can also be calculated online for the most popular cigar formats.[http://www.cheaphumidors.com/cigar-humidor-calculator Online Humidor Capacity Calculator]

Maintenance

A humidor needs to be seasoned when new or having been out of use for a while.[http://cigars.about.com/od/seasoninganewhumidor/ss/0061702c.htm Seasoning a New Humidor Before Storing Cigars] Wood in an unseasoned humidor will absorb moisture from within, drying stored cigars out. The preferred technique for bringing the wood close to an optimal relative humidity level where it will buffer moisture is placing a small container of distilled water inside the humidor for 1 to 3 days.

Humidity

All humidors contain a permanent humidifying system which keeps the air moist, which in turn keeps the cigars moist. The ideal relative humidity in a humidor is around 68-72%.[http://cigars.about.com/od/humidors/qt/humidor101.htm Humidity Levels for Storing Cigars in a Humidor] Though it can vary slightly depending on the cigar smoker's preferences, it should never go higher than 75% due to the possibility of hatching tobacco beetles. The more empty space, the more readily the humidity level of the box will fluctuate.

Most humidifying elements are passive, releasing stored humidity through evaporation and diffusion. The use of a 50/50 solution of propylene glycol and distilled water is recommended for replenishing the passive humidifying element, as it has a buffering effect on air humidity, maintaining it at approximately 70%. Retailers and manufacturers claim propylene glycol also has mild antifungal and antibacterial properties; distilled water should always be used, due to its lack of minerals, additives, or bacteria.

Electronic humidifiers are also available, although usually reserved for very large humidors. A sensor measures the outside humidity and then activates a ventilator, which blows air over a humid sponge or water tank into the humidor. Once the preset humidity level has been reached the ventilator stops. This way electronic humidifiers can maintain a much more stable humidity level than passive humidifiers. Also they typically will activate an alarm to notify when the moisture supply needs refilling, to prevent humidity drops. The accuracy of electronic humidifiers depends primarily on the integrated type of sensor; the capacitive type are preferred.

Silica gel beads, familiar for removing moisture from packaging containers, are a third alternative. These are "calibrated" with a coating of mineral salts to absorb or release humidity in various RH ranges (including 65%, 68%, 70%, and 72%), providing a buffering effect on relative humidity. They require only distilled water when necessary, and can be ruined by propylene glycol.

Temperature

A humidor should never be exposed to direct sunlight.[http://www.humidor-guide.com/storing-cigars/optimum-temperature Optimum temperature for cigar storage] To discourage eggs of tobacco beetles from hatching and prevent cigar rot, its internal temperature should be kept below 25 C, as well as below 75% relative humidity. At temperatures below 12 C, the desired ageing process of the cigars is impaired, making storage in wine cellars problematic.
Question:
What would be stored in a 'humidor'?
Answer:
Parejo
