Passage:
The Old Devils
The Old Devils is a novel by Kingsley Amis, first published in 1986. The novel won the Booker Prize. It was adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC in 1992, starring John Stride, Bernard Hepton, James Grout and Ray Smith (it was the latter's last screen appearance before his death).

Alun Weaver, a writer of modest celebrity, returns to his native Wales with his wife, Rhiannon, sometime girlfriend of Weaver's old acquaintance Peter Thomas. Alun begins associating with a group of former friends, including Peter, all of whom have continued to live locally while he was away. While drinking in the house of another acquaintance, Alun drops dead, leaving the rest of the group to pick up the pieces of their brief reunion.

The Old Devils is considered to be Amis's masterpiece by his son, Martin Amis, who wrote in his memoir, "it stands comparison with any English novel of the century."
Question:
Who won the Booker Prize for 'The Old Devils'?
Answer:
Amis, Sir Kingsley
Passage:
Supergroup (music)
A supergroup is a music group whose members are already successful as solo artists or as part of other groups or well known in other musical professions. Usually used in the context of rock and pop music, the term has been applied to other musical genres such as The Three Tenors in opera. 

The term is sometimes applied retrospectively when several members from a group later achieve notable success in their own right. Supergroups are sometimes formed as side projects and thus not intended to be permanent, while other times can become the primary project of the members' careers. Charity supergroups, where prominent musicians perform or record together in support of a particular cause, have been common since the 1980s.

History

It became popular in late 1960s rock music for members of already successful groups to record an album together, after which they normally split up.  In 1969, Rolling Stone editor Jann Wenner credited Cream with being the first supergroup  and they are still widely recognised as the archetype of the short-lived rock supergroup. Cream comprised Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker who, after three years and four albums, split up. Guitarist Clapton and drummer Baker went on to form Blind Faith, another blues rock supergroup which recruited former Spencer Davis Group and Traffic singer Steve Winwood and Family bassist Ric Grech. The group recorded one studio album before dissipating less than a year after formation. 

The term may have come from the 1968 album Super Session with Al Kooper, Mike Bloomfield, and Stephen Stills. The coalition of Crosby, Stills & Nash (later Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young) is another early example, given the success of their prior bands (The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, and The Hollies respectively).

Criticism

In 1974, a Time magazine article titled "Return of a Supergroup" quipped that the supergroup was a "potent but short-lived rock phenomenon" which was an "amalgam formed by the talented malcontents of other bands." The article acknowledged that groups such as Cream and Blind Faith "played enormous arenas and made megabucks, and sometimes megamusic", with the performances "fueled by dueling egos." However, while this "musical infighting built up the excitement ... it also made breakups inevitable."
Question:
"Which super-group did Eric Clapton join, after the pop group, ""Cream"" split up?"
Answer:
BLIND FAITH
Passage:
Will Kane
William "Will" Kane is the protagonist of the film High Noon (1952).   He is first played by Gary Cooper, then by Lee Majors in a made-for-TV sequel, High Noon, Part II: The Return of Will Kane (1980),  and by Tom Skerritt in 2000's High Noon, which was a complete re-working for cable television. 

Fictional biography

In High Noon, Will Kane is a town marshal of the fictional Hadleyville. It is both his wedding day and his last day as a marshal. He is about to leave town with his bride, Amy, to start a new life as a store clerk when the clerk of the telegraph office brings bad news: a man he sent to prison some years earlier, Frank Miller, has been released from prison and is arriving on the noon train. Kane, and the townsfolk who remember Miller, know Miller's visit is for one reason: revenge. Upon his conviction years earlier, Miller swore he would kill Will Kane. Kane's friends tell him to leave town, which he does briefly, but he feels that running away is not a solution, so he returns to face Miller and the gang. Will tries to find support from his friends and others, but none wants to help - they all tell him to leave town or offer reasons why they can't (or won't) help. Will chooses to stand up against this gang alone, even though it could result in his own death. After a brief gun fight in town, Kane kills the four men. Amy also saves his life by giving up her pacifist religion to kill one of the men. As townspeople come out to offer congratulations, Kane takes off his tin star and throws it in the dirt. Contrary to popular myth, he does not step on it. The movie ends with Kane and his bride driving out of town to destinations unknown.
Throughout the movie we see Kane's emotions range from the joy of his wedding, to concern, disappointment, anger, fear and even his own mortality as he writes out his will before the noon train arrives.

Development

Despite the iconic portrayal of the character by Gary Cooper (see below), "Cooper was not producer Stanley Kramer's first choice to play Marshal Will Kane."   Nevertheless, Will Kane is "one of Cooper's most famous roles."   Lee Majors explained that he accepted the role in the sequel, because "I've always admired Gary Cooper.  And I wanted to do a Western again."   Ron Hardy, who directed the recent remake, argued that Tom Skerrit was an ideal actor to take over the role in the remake.  Hardy explained that like "Cooper, he is Mr. Everyday.  People know who Tom Skerritt is.  They don't treat him like a superstar.  They feel he's approachable."

Reception

In 1952, Gary Cooper won a Golden Globe Award and his second Academy Award for his portrayal of Will Kane. 

While The Washington Post refers to the character as "A Classic Role,"  Entertainment Weekly ranked the character fourteenth on its list of the top twenty "All-Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture" in April 2009. The magazine included him on its list because in "High Noon, Gary Cooper's retiring lawman faces down a killer and his goons despite being deserted by the rest of the town." Entertainment Weekly went on to cite his most heroic move as when "Kane's last ally gets cold feet, he tells him to go to his family, and then refuses the help of a teenager."  Kane was also ranked by the American Film Institute as the fifth greatest movie hero of all time. 

Nevertheless, although Cooper's performance has received considerable praise as indicated above, Majors and Skerritt's performances have not been so positively received.  The New York Daily News referred to Lee Majors as "sadly miscast" as Kane in the sequel.   Entertainment Weekly also contrasted Cooper with Skerritt to Skerritt's disadvantage.  Reviewer Ken Tucker reminisces upon "the all-purpose image of Cooper that's taken hold in the popular imagination: the gaunt, chiseled stone face, a stoic deadpan that rendered Cooper the leading-man, romantic-actor equivalent of Buster Keaton....By contrast, Skerritt saunters through the new Noon as if he were still the easygoing, ironic lawman of Picket Fences."
Question:
In which famous film was Frank Miller coming to kill Will Kane?
Answer:
High noon
Passage:
How to Remove Wrinkles Without an Iron | StyleCaster
How to Remove Wrinkles Without an Iron | StyleCaster
2 years ago
Photo: Getty
Newsflash: Ironing sucks. We all do it, but man, is it a snoozefest. Of course, walking outside in clothes that look as if they’ve been balled up, stuffed in a small envelope, and shipped overseas probably isn’t the message we want to send to the world, but it just so happens that sometimes, we simply don’t have the time or the patience to bust out the iron and all its accoutrements. To that end—since we’re all about tips, tricks and hacks that make our daily lives a little easier —we’ve compiled 10 ways to remove wrinkles out of clothes—without an iron!
1. Use a flat iron.
Yes ladies, the same device that straightens your hair can also smooth out your clothes—women in the ’60s used to straighten their hair with an actual iron, so this is flipping the script. While a flat iron won’t fully smooth a large garment, it’s perfect for getting wrinkles out of a small section, like the collar, the cuffs, or a hem. Just make sure you clean it first: You probably don’t want your thermal heat-protectant spray to rub off on your favorite blouse.
MORE: How To Remove Stains: 20 Tricks That Really Work
2. Use the dryer.
Another great way to remove wrinkles without an iron? The dryer! Here’s how: Dampen a very small thing—like the toe of a sock, or a small handkerchief—and set your dryer to medium. Toss in the dry creased garments and let ’em spin for about 15 mintes. Voila, NMW (no more wrinkles.)
3. Use a pot.
One of the oldest tricks in the book to remove wrinkles sans iron is to use a regular metal pot that you’d make pasta in. Boil water in the pot, then spill it out. From there, use the bottom of the pot as your iron. Brilliant!
MORE: 30 Fashion Uses For Common Household Products
4. Use your mattress.
Another effective trick: Take a wrinkled garment and roll it as if you were rolling a burrito. Once it’s all wrapped up (wrapped, not folded), put it under your mattress for an hour. Once you take it out, most of the wrinkles should be gone.
MORE: 101 Fashion Tips and Tricks Every Girl Should Know
5. Use dryer sheets.
Some people swear by tossing one wrinkled item into the dryer by itself, and throwing in a few damp dryer sheets. Set to medium and let it spin for about 15 minutes.
6. Use a professional spray.
There’s been an influx of wrinkle-removing sprays hitting the market recently, designed to smooth out pesky creases without using anything else. Most feature fiber-relaxing technology and are safe for almost any type of fabric. We like Downy Wrinkle Releaser .
MORE: 101 Genius Ways To Save Money Right Now
7. Use vinegar.
Did you know that standard white vinegar can eradicate wrinkles from your clothes? It’s true! Mist garments with 1 part vinegar to 3 parts water, and let it air-dry. (A bonus: It’s super-gentle on your threads!)
8. Use a damp towel.
Place your wrinkled clothing underneath some damp towels and gently press down and smooth out the creases.
MORE: 50 Fashion Rules To Break Right Now
9. Use your shower.
This one is fairly obvious, but it works: While you’re showering, hang up wrinkled garments inside your bathroom (and close the door.) In about 10 minutes, the steam will smooth out the wrinkles. It’s not the most effective method out there, but it’s great in a pinch, which is why it’s so common among travelers in hotels.
10. Use a kettle. If you can boil water for tea, you can steam the wrinkles right out of your clothes. Just hold a steaming tea kettle about a foot away from the wrinkles in your clothes, and you can steam the creases right out. (This is essentially using the same methodology as the shower technique, but you don’t have to steam up a whole room.)
Question:
What is used to remove creases from clothing?
Answer:
Iron (element)
Passage:
Wedding anniversary
A wedding anniversary is the anniversary of the date a marriage took place. Traditional names exist for all of them: for instance, 50 years of marriage is called a "golden wedding anniversary" or simply a "golden anniversary." Twenty-five years is called a "silver wedding anniversary" or "silver anniversary." Sixty years is a "diamond wedding anniversary" or  "diamond anniversary". First year anniversary is called a "Paper Anniversary."

Official recognition

The historic origins of wedding anniversaries date back to the Holy Roman Empire, when husbands crowned their wives with a silver wreath on their twenty-fifth anniversary, and a gold wreath on the fiftieth. Later, principally in the twentieth century, commercialism led to the addition of more anniversaries being represented by a named gift. 

In the Commonwealth realms, one can receive a message from the monarch for 60th, 65th, and 70th wedding anniversaries, and any wedding anniversary after that.  This is done by applying to Buckingham Palace in the United Kingdom, or to the Governor-General's office in the other Commonwealth realms. 

In Australia, where one can receive a letter of congratulations from the Governor-General on the 50th and all subsequent wedding anniversaries; the Prime Minister, the federal Opposition leader, local members of both state and federal parliaments, and state Governors may also send salutations for the same anniversaries. 

In Canada, one can also receive a message from the Governor-General for the 50th anniversary, and every fifth anniversary after that. 

In the United States, a couple can receive a greeting from the President for any wedding anniversary on or after the 50th. 

Roman Catholics may apply to the Office of Papal Charities for a Papal blessing for wedding anniversaries of a special nature (25th, 50th, 60th, etc.).  

Celebration and gifts

The names of some anniversaries provide guidance for appropriate or traditional gifts for the spouses to give each other; if there is a party these can be brought by the guests or influence the theme or decoration. These gifts vary in different countries, but some years have well-established connections now common to most nations: 5th Wooden, 10th Tin, 15th Crystal, 20th China, 25th Silver, 30th Pearl, 40th Ruby, 50th Gold, 60th Diamond, 70th Platinum. In English speaking countries the first, wooden, gift was cut on the day of celebration and then presented to the wife as a finished article before the next two quarter days had passed. The tradition may have originated in medieval Germany where, if a married couple lived to celebrate the 25th anniversary of their wedding, the wife was presented by her friends and neighbours with a silver wreath to congratulate them for the good fortune that had prolonged the lives of the couple. Over time the number of symbols expanded and the German tradition came to assign gifts that had direct connections with each stage of married life. The symbols have changed over time. For example, in the United Kingdom, diamond was a well known symbol for the 75th anniversary, but this changed to the now more common 60th anniversary after Diamond Anniversary of Queen Victoria. The current monarch Queen Elizabeth II's 60th year on the throne was widely marked as her Diamond Jubilee and commemorated in 2012.

Anniversary Gift Lists 

Lists of wedding anniversary gifts vary by country. The traditional and modern U.S. versions were compiled by librarians at the Chicago Public Library.    

Flower gifts

Gemstone Jewelry Anniversary gifts

For lovers of jewelry, the Jewelry Anniversary list with gemstone jewelry for each anniversary year was established by The American Gem Society, The Gemological Institute of America, The American Gem Trade Association, Jewelers of America, and the International Colored Gemstone Association.
Question:
How many Years of marriage does a crystal wedding anniversary celebrate?
Answer:
fifteen
Passage:
Rufus Hound triumphs in Strictly's Christmas special ...
Rufus Hound triumphs in Strictly's Christmas special | Television & radio | The Guardian
Strictly Come Dancing
Rufus Hound triumphs in Strictly's Christmas special
Stage star beats DJ Sara Cox and Saturdays singer Rochelle Hulmes to win accolade with partner Flavia Cacace
Flavia Cacace and Rufus Hound during the recording of BBC's Strictly Come Dancing Christmas Special 2013. Photograph: Guy Levy/BBC/PA
Press Association
Wednesday 25 December 2013 13.15 EST
First published on Wednesday 25 December 2013 13.15 EST
Close
This article is 3 years old
Comedian Rufus Hound triumphed in the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special – his second win in a BBC dance contest.
He beat rivals including DJ Sara Cox and Saturdays singer Rochelle Humes to lift the trophy for his tango with partner Flavia Cacace.
Hound previously won the BBC1 series Let's Dance for Sport Relief in 2010. Cacace was the partner of Louis Smith when he was the victor in last year's Strictly series but she did not take part in the 2013 run of the show which ended on Saturday.
Elaine Paige topped the voting with the judging panel in the one-off festive Strictly show for her cha cha cha with Pasha Kovalev to Jingle Bells. Hound and Cacace drew 38 from the judges while Paige and Kovalev took a near-perfect 39.
But when it went to the audience vote, Hound stepped out in front for his performance to Never Do a Tango With an Eskimo.
The surprised winner said: "It's surreal in the extreme. We didn't really set out to win; the fact that it's happened – I don't know what it means. I think if I had more of a taste for the ballroom, they'd be serving it in a burger!"
And he told his dance partner: "You came into this as the reigning champion so you were putting a lot on the line to dance with me, and have been spectacular all the way through." Also taking part were former Bros frontman Matt Goss and EastEnders' Ricky Norwood.
Question:
Who partnered Flavia Cacace to win the Xmas Special?
Answer:
Rufus Hound
Passage:
PUB QUIZ TONIGHT win 20,000 vs - Page 4 - TalkCeltic - The ...
PUB QUIZ TONIGHT win 20,000 vs | TalkCeltic - The Ultimate Celtic FC Forum
TalkCeltic - The Ultimate Celtic FC Forum
Discuss PUB QUIZ TONIGHT win 20,000 vs in the TalkCeltic Pub area at TalkCeltic.net.
Page 1 of 8
Marie RIP Dad Gold Member
Messages:
39,391
Back again this week for another round of questions, with the chance to win 20,000 vs
Same as before, you will have 20 minutes to answer 20 questions...the winner will take away the jackpot of 20,000 vs.....should it be a draw, the prize pot will be shared between the tying members.
The rules are....
no cheating....I don't expect everyone to obey this but if you are caught cheating you will be disqualified.
Once you have posted your answers you can't edit that post, doing so will disqualify you for the comp.
You will have a full 20 mins so there is no rush to get your answers in first.
Right...who is all up for this tonight? are you going to walk away at the end with the prize money or the wooden spoon? come along and give it a try.
Questions this week have  again been created by LB, cheers for that LB, much appreciated
1:The Yas Marina Grand Prix circuit is in which country?
2:What type of creature is a canvasback?
3:Maurice Cole was the real name of which popular funny UK Radio and TV personality?
4:Jasper National Park is in which country?
5:What is the fin on the back of a fish called?
6:Which London tube station was called Gillespie Road before adopting the name of a nearby football club in 1932?
7:Who did Celtic play in the UEFA Champions League last 16 in 2008?
8:How many goals did Jimmy McGrory score for Celtic?
9:Which English manager sold Olivier Tebily to Celtic and then, in 2002, bought him back from Celtic?
10:In season 1995/1996, where did Celtic play their home league games?
11:St. Patrick's Day is celebrated to commemorate which event?
12:What was St. Patrick Do for a living?
13:ENT is what department in a hospital?
14:What colour is LaLa of Teletubbies?
15:What was the basic monetary unit of Greece before the Euro?
16:In golf what is the name of a score of one stroke over par for a hole?
17:Constantino Rocca plays which sport?
18:Which small Norwegian town hosted the 1994 Winter Olympics?
19:What is the state capital of Western Australia?
20:What is the square root of 225?
Question:
Maurice Cole was the real name of which popular funny UK Radio and TV personality?
Answer:
Kenny Everett
Passage:
Nautical mile
A nautical mile is a unit of measurement defined as 1852 meters (6,076.12 feet or 1.2 statute miles). Historically, it was defined as one sixtieth of the distance between two parallels of latitude separated by one degree. Today it is an SI derived unit, being rounded to an even number of meters  and remains in use for both air and marine  navigation  and for the definition of territorial waters. 

The derived unit of speed is the knot, defined as one nautical mile per hour. The geographical mile is the length of one minute of longitude along the Equator, about 1,855.325 m on the WGS 84 ellipsoid.

Unit symbol 

There is no internationally agreed symbol.
* M is used as the abbreviation for the nautical mile by the International Hydrographic Organization  and by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures 
* NM is used by the International Civil Aviation Organization. 
* nmi is used by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers  and the United States Government Publishing Office. 
* nm is used by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 

History 

The word mile is from the Latin word for a thousand paces: mīlia. Navigation at sea was done by eye  until around 1500 when navigational instruments were developed and cartographers began using a coordinate system with parallels of latitude and meridians of Longitude. In 1617 the Dutch scientist Snell assessed the circumference at 24,630 Roman miles (24,024 statute miles). Around that time British mathematician Edmund Gunter improved navigational tools including a new quadrant to determine latitude at sea. He reasoned that the lines of latitude could be used as the basis for a unit of measurement for distance and proposed the nautical mile as one minute or one-sixtieth () of one degree of latitude. As one degree is  of a circle, one minute of arc is  of a circle (or, in radians, ). These sexagesimal (base 60) units originated in Babylonian astronomy. Gunter used Snell's circumference to define a nautical mile as 6,080 feet, the length of one minute of arc at 48 degrees latitude. Since the earth is not a perfect sphere but is an oblate spheroid with slightly flattened poles, a minute of latitude is not constant, but about  at the poles and  at the Equator, with a mean value of . Other countries measure the minute of arc at 45 degrees latitude, giving the nautical mile a length of 6,076 feet.

In 1929, the international nautical mile was defined by the First International Extraordinary Hydrographic Conference, Monaco (1929) as 1,852 meters.

Imperial units and United States customary units used a definition of the nautical mile based on the Clarke (1866) Spheroid. The United States nautical mile was defined as  based in the Mendenhall Order foot of 1893. It was abandoned in favour of the international nautical mile in 1954. 

The Imperial nautical mile, often called an Admiralty mile, or more correctly, an Admiralty measured mile, was defined by its relation to the Admiralty knot, 6,080 imperial feet per hour, so 1 imperial nautical mile is about 1,853.181 meters.  It was abandoned in 1970 and, legally, references to the obsolete unit are now converted to 1,853 meters.
Question:
How many metres are in a nautical mile?
Answer:
1852
Passage:
Zuppa Inglese
Zuppa Inglese (; Italian for "English soup") is an Italian dessert layering custard and sponge cake, perhaps derived from trifle.

History

Recipes for this sweet first appeared in the towns of Parma, Bologna, Forlì, Ferrara, Florence and Reggio Emilia, all in the Emilia-Romagna or Tuscany regions, in the late nineteenth century. Its origins are uncertain and one theory states that it originated in the sixteenth century kitchens of the Dukes of Este, the rulers of Ferrara. According to this story, they asked their cooks to recreate the sumptuous "English trifle" they had enjoyed in England at the Elizabethan court, where they were frequent visitors.

To make Zuppa Inglese, sponge cake or ladyfingers are dipped in Alchermes, a bright red, extremely aromatic Italian herb liqueur. They are then alternated with layers of crema pasticciera, a thick egg custard cooked with a large piece of lemon zest (removed afterwards). Often there is also a layer of crema alla cioccolata made by dissolving dark chocolate in a plain crema pasticcera. In Italy it is occasionally topped with cream, meringue or almonds.

Zuppa Inglese is also a popular gelato flavour. 

Name

The word "zuppa" in Italian cuisine refers to both sweet and savoury dishes. It comes from the verb "inzuppare" which means "to dunk". As the sponge cake or Lady fingers are dipped in liqueur the dish is called Zuppa. Similarly, thick fish, bean with vegetable stews, and fish or shellfish stews are properly described as "zuppa di verdure" or "zuppa di pesce". These savory dishes are served on toasted bread and eaten with knife and fork.

There are other theories as to the origin of the name. 

"The name translates literally in Italian as English soup and may in fact connote its similarity to English trifle. Others believe it is a dialectical corruption of the verb inzuppare, meaning to sop." 

"A dessert invented by Neapolitan pastrycooks of Europe during the 19th century. Inspired by English puddings that were fashionalbe [sic] at the time, . . . " 

"This rich dessert was among the many tributes bestowed on Lord Nelson by the grateful Neapolitans after his victory over Napoleon in the Nile in 1798. "English Soup", as it was called, was the creation of an anonymous pastry cook smitten with the admiral, the English, and their spirit-soaked Trifles."
Question:
What is the English termfor the dish the Italians call 'Zuppa Inglese'?
Answer:
Trifle
Passage:
It Takes Two (Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston song)
"It Takes Two" was a hit single recorded in late 1965 by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston for Motown's Tamla label.

Produced by Weston's then-husband, longtime Gaye collaborator William "Mickey" Stevenson, and co-written by Stevenson and Sylvia Moy, "It Takes Two" centered on a romantic lyric that depicted many things in life (dreams, love, wishes, etc.) being better with two people instead of one. The single became Gaye's most successful duet single to date, later outperformed by Gaye's duets with Tammi Terrell.

Gaye and Weston's duet peaked at #14 on the Billboard Pop charts and #4 on Billboard′s Soul Singles chart in January 1967. "It Takes Two" was also Gaye's first major hit in the UK, where it peaked at #16 on the British singles charts in the spring of that same year.

Personnel

*All vocals by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston
*Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers and The Detroit Symphony Orchestra
*Produced by William "Mickey" Stevenson

Rod Stewart and Tina Turner version

In 1990 "It Takes Two" was covered by Rod Stewart and Tina Turner and featured in a television advertising campaign for Pepsi. It was released as the lead single from Stewart's album Vagabond Heart, produced by Bernard Edwards and released in late 1990. The duet was a European hit, peaking at #5 in the UK, and becoming a Top 10 single in several European countries. It later appeared on both artists' greatest hits albums: Turner's Simply The Best (1991), and Stewart's The Very Best of Rod Stewart (2001).

Versions and remixes

* Album version - 4:13
* Extended Remix - 4:51

Chart performance

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

Other cover versions

* In 2009 Namibian singer Nianell and South African singer Dozi brought out an album of cover versions called It Takes Two, which included the song of the same name.
Question:
What was advertised by Rod Stewart and Tina Turner's version of It Takes Two?
Answer:
Pep.si
Passage:
Chris Donald
Chris Donald (born 25 April 1960 in Newcastle, England) is the founder of, and one of the principal contributors to, the British comic magazine Viz. He attended West Jesmond Primary School,  and then Heaton Comprehensive School, where he failed his A-levels, and in 1978 he began work as a clerical officer at the DHSS central office in Longbenton, Newcastle.

Chris, together with his brother Simon and a schoolfriend Jim Brownlow, set up Viz in December 1979 from a bedroom in Jesmond, just outside Newcastle. He was editor (or head of the "editorial cabinet") for many years but retired from day-to-day duties in 1999, and now only contributes occasional cartoons. He has since written a personal history of Viz magazine entitled Rude Kids.

In an interview on Channel 4 News, Chris Donald paid tribute to Spike Milligan on his death. He cited him and Monty Python as the two major influences on the comic.

Publications

* Rude Kids, Chris Donald, 2004 (ISBN 0-00-719096-4)
Question:
What irreverent publication founded by Chris Donald celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2009?
Answer:
Viz
Passage:
Arthur Negus - Infoplease
Arthur Negus
Arthur Negus
Born: 1903
Birthplace: Reading, Berkshire, England
Born into a family steeped in traditional antiques, he began running the family business at age 17. His expertise and reputation flourished, and in 1946 he joined Bruton, Knowles & Co., auctioneers of fine antiques based in Gloucester. He appeared as a panel member on the television series Going for a Song (1966–76) where he was called upon to give his opinion on the value of antiques. He resumed his television career in 1982 with Arthur Negus Enjoys (1982) and The Antiques Roadshow (1982–83). He also wrote books, including Going for a Song: English Furniture (1969) and A Life Among Antiques (1982).
Died: 1985
Question:
"Who, born in Reading in 1903, called his autobiography ""Life Among Antiques""?"
Answer:
Arthur Negus
Passage:
Sturgeon - definition of sturgeon by The Free Dictionary
Sturgeon - definition of sturgeon by The Free Dictionary
Sturgeon - definition of sturgeon by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/sturgeon
Also found in: Thesaurus , Encyclopedia , Wikipedia .
stur·geon
 (stûr′jən)
n.
Any of various large freshwater and marine fishes of the family Acipenseridae of the Northern Hemisphere, having ganoid scales and edible flesh and valued for their roe, which is used for caviar, and their swim bladders, which are used to make isinglass.
[Middle English, from Anglo-Norman, from Old French estourgeon, of Germanic origin.]
sturgeon
(ˈstɜːdʒən)
n
(Animals) any primitive bony fish of the family Acipenseridae, of temperate waters of the N hemisphere, having an elongated snout and rows of spines along the body: valued as a source of caviar and isinglass
[C13: from Old French estourgeon, of Germanic origin; related to Old English styria, Old High German sturio]
stur•geon
(ˈstɜr dʒən)
n., pl. (esp. collectively) -geon, (esp. for kinds or species) -geons.
any of the large fresh- and saltwater ganoid fishes of the family Acipenseridae, valued for their flesh and as a source of caviar and isinglass.
[1250–1300; < Old French esturgeon < Germanic]
stur·geon
(stûr′jən)
Any of various large, primitive freshwater or saltwater fish having bony plates rather than true scales on its body. It is widely used for food, and its roe is a source of caviar.
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
Question:
What is obtained from a sturgeon?
Answer:
Ikra
Passage:
(Radio)Active: Everybody's Doing a Brand New Dance Now...
(Radio)Active: Everybody's Doing a Brand New Dance Now...
10.26.2007
Everybody's Doing a Brand New Dance Now...
Locomotion is the name of the game for this post.  I hate that song, by the way, but I suppose it fit.
After spinning my wheels for a few days trying to look for proper components to build my moving radio bot, I decided that it might be more productive to mock it up out of less desirable materials, so that I at least know what I'm building.  The problem with looking for my good materials was that I had no real idea of what I was going to make, so it was impossible to find the parts.
So I started whipping things up using millboard and my remote control car that I had previously dissected.
The first step was just to attach some doweling into the holes in my wheels. Then, I had to construct something to hold the doweling in place and allow for a central axle to be put in.
These two small axle pieces now just needed to be connected to a main axle that would allow the center to spin independently of the chassis I would create afterwards.  I put wooden doweling in between these two pieces to create the final axle, and then attached a self-made pulley to the axle so that it could spin with the motion of the motor.
The next step would be to connect this axle to a pulley powered by my radio, but that might have to wait.
Posted by
Question:
Of which famous song is this the first line 'Everybody's doin' a brand new dance now'?
Answer:
The Loco-Motion
Passage:
Elite One Championship
The Elite One Championship (French: Le Championnat de France Elite) is the top level rugby league competition in France. The season runs from September to April. The clubs play each other home and away then they enter into a play-off series culminating with a Grand Final.

History 

* See also French Rugby League Championship

The French Rugby League Championship began in 1934, the first one being the only one where it was won by the team finishing top of the table on points and not by a play-off series. The Elite One Championship was founded in 2002 after the French Rugby League Championship was split into two divisions. The format stayed the same with teams playing each other home and away, before a play-off series would determine the Champions. The club finishing bottom would not be automatically relegated, it would be dependant on whether the club finishing top of Elite Two Championship either wanted to be promoted or their facilities were up to standard.

Clubs 2016-17 

 

Map of 2016-17 Clubs 

Results

 for winners since 1934.

Winners
Question:
The Elite One Championship in France is for which sport?
Answer:
Greco-Roman Rugby
Passage:
Frommer's
Frommer's is a travel guidebook series created by Arthur Frommer. Frommer's has expanded to include more than 350 guidebooks across 14 series, as well as other media including the website Frommers.com. In 2007, Frommer's celebrated its 50th anniversary of guidebook publishing. Since May 2007, Arthur Frommer has been actively blogging about travel  on the Frommers.com website.

History 

In 1957, Arthur Frommer, a young corporal in the U.S. Army, wrote a travel guide for American GIs in Europe, and then produced a civilian version called Europe on $5 a Day.  The book ranked popular landmarks and sights in order of importance and included suggestions on how to travel around Europe on a budget. It was the first travel guide to show Americans that they could afford to travel in Europe.
Arthur Frommer returned to the United States and began practicing law. During that time, he continued to write and also began to self-publish guidebooks to additional destinations, including New York, Mexico, Hawaii, Japan and the Caribbean. In 1977, Frommer’s trademark was sold to Simon & Schuster, Inc. Pearson bought the reference division of Simon & Schuster in 1998 and sold it to IDG Books in 1999. John Wiley & Sons acquired IDG Books (renamed Hungry Minds) in 2001. Arthur’s daughter, Pauline Frommer, is now writing her own series of travel guidebooks and continuing the Frommer’s travel legacy.  

On August 13, 2012, it was announced that Google will be acquiring Frommer's for an undisclosed sum of money, and will be merging operations with Google's Zagat business. 

On March 2013, it was reported that Google ended the manufacturing of Frommer's guidebooks. 

On April 2013, it was announced that the Frommer's brand has been sold back to Arthur Frommer.  He scheduled October that year to release the next batch of guidebooks. As of July 2013, Arthur Frommer struck a deal with Publishers Group West to distribute and promote Frommer's books. 

Guidebook series 

More than 75 million books have been sold since Frommer’s inception in 1957. Over 350 titles are available in the following series:

* Frommer’s Complete Guides
* Frommer’s With Kids
* Frommer's Day by Day for over 70 travel destinations
* Frommer’s Portable Guides
* Frommer’s Irreverent Guides
* Frommer’s Memorable Walks
* Frommer’s PhraseFinder & Dictionaries
* Frommer’s Driving Tours
* Pauline Frommer’s Guides
* The Unofficial Guides
* For Dummies Travel Guides
* Suzy Gershman’s Born to Shop Guides
* Frommer’s National Park Guides
* MTV Travel Guides

In popular culture

Frommer's guidebooks are represented in the 2004 comedy EuroTrip when one of the main characters, Jamie, uses it to guide a group of teenagers around Europe. Jamie later gets a job with Frommer's at the end of EuroTrip.  In the opening scene of 2003's Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle, Cameron Diaz enters a Mongolian beer shack holding a Frommer's guidebook. A copy can also be seen near the beginning of the 2008 film Jumper. Complete references from the Frommer's Guide book for Traveling around the world can be seen in the movie Last Stop for Paul.
Question:
What kind of books are published by Frommer's?
Answer:
Travel
Passage:
Almost Like Being in Love
"Almost Like Being in Love" is a popular song published in 1947. The music was written by Frederick Loewe, and the lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner.

The song was made popular by David Brooks and Marion Bell in the 1947 musical Brigadoon. It was later performed in the 1954 film version by Gene Kelly.

There were three hit versions of the song in the United States in 1947.  Frank Sinatra's version was the highest charting at #20.  Mildred Bailey and Mary Martin both charted with the song at #21 that year.

Nat King Cole recorded more than one version of the song, including a later version that was used as the closing song in the 1993 movie Groundhog Day which starred Bill Murray. Cole's version, in the key of G major like the original, features a ii–V–I turnaround (2-5-1) in G, a pair of similar 2-5-1 sequences in E major and D major for the bridge, after which it raises the refrain a half-step with a 2-5-1 in A flat major.

The song was revived in a downbeat ballad version by singer Michael Johnson (#32, 1978). It was also made popular by British singing sensation Dame Shirley Bassey. Like Judy Garland, Ms. Bassey performs this song as a medley with the song, This Can't Be Love.

Cover versions

Other musicians who have recorded "Almost Like Being in Love" include:

* Lester Young – Lester Young with the Oscar Peterson Trio (1952)
* Sonny Rollins and the Modern Jazz Quartet – Sonny Rollins with the Modern Jazz Quartet (1953)
* Nat King Cole – Sings For Two In Love (1955)
* Red Garland – Red Garland's Piano (1957)
* Della Reese - A Date With Della Reese At Mr. Kelly's In Chicago (1958)
* Cliff Richard (1960)
* Frank Sinatra – Come Swing With Me (1961)
* In 1961, Judy Garland performed the song as a medley with "This Can't Be Love" at her Judy at Carnegie Hall concert
* Ella Fitzgerald – Ella Sings Broadway (1963)
* Johnny Hartman – Unforgettable Songs (1966)
* Dean Martin (1973)
* Melanie Safka – Sunset and Other Beginnings (1975)
* Marti Webb - Performance (1989)
* Natalie Cole – Unforgettable... with Love (1991)
* Anthony Warlow – Back In The Swing (1993)
* Woody Allen as Z-4195 from Antz (1998, short rendition)
* Rufus Wainwright – Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall (2007)
* Jermaine Jackson – I Wish You Love (2012)
Question:
The Song 'It's almost like being in love' comes from which musical?
Answer:
BRIGADOON
Passage:
Hubert Cecil Booth
Hubert Cecil Booth (4 July 1871 – 14 January 1955)  was a British engineer who invented the first powered vacuum cleaner.   

He also designed Ferris wheels,  suspension bridges and factories. Later he became Chairman and Managing Director of the British Vacuum Cleaner and Engineering Co.

Early life

Booth was born in Paris, France, although his family moved to Gloucester when he was 2 months old. He was educated at Gloucester College and Gloucester County School under headmaster Reverend H. Lloyed Brereton. In 1889 he entered the Central Technical College, City and Guild, London  after passing the entrance examination. He completed a three-year course in civil engineering and  mechanical engineering under Professor William Cawthorne Unwin FRS. He completed the Diploma of Associateship (ACGI), coming second in the engineering department. He became a student of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

Career

In December 1892 he entered the drawing office of Messrs Maudslay Sons & Field, Lambeth, London under Mr Charles Sells, as a civil engineer. In this capacity he designed bridges and large ferris wheels for amusement parks in London, Blackpool, Paris, and Vienna.

He worked on the design of engines for Royal Navy battleships. After seeing a rather inadequate demonstration of a compressed air based cleaning system for railway carriages at St Pancras station, Booth reasoned that sucking air through a filter might be a better system, and thus invented an early version of the vacuum cleaner which was manufactured by Fielding & Platt of Gloucester.
 His approach was better suited for industrial use than for household use, and his company was soon overtaken by his competitor, Hoover. He received British patents for his work on February 18 and August 30, 1901, and his company continued to specialize in industrial vacuum cleaners. Before Booth introduced his version of the vacuum cleaner, cleaning machines blew or brushed dirt away, instead of sucking it up. All modern vacuums are based on Booth's principle.

Personal life

Booth married one of the daughters of Francis Tring Pearce, director of the Priday, Metford and Company Limited. He was a friend of Hugh Pembroke Vowles. Booth died on 14 January 1955 in Croydon, England.
Question:
Henry Cecil Booth patented which household appliance in 1901?
Answer:
Vacuum cleaning
Passage:
Tagus
The Tagus (; ; ; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula.  It is 1038 km long, 716 km in Spain, 47 km along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km in Portugal, where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon.  It drains an area of 80100 sqkm (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).  The Tagus is highly utilized for most of its course. Several dams and diversions supply drinking water to most of central Spain, including Madrid, and Portugal, while dozens of hydroelectric stations create power. Between dams it follows a very constricted course, but after Almourol it enters a vast alluvial valley prone to flooding. At its mouth is a large estuary on which the port city of Lisbon is situated.

The source of the Tagus is the Fuente de García, in the Frías de Albarracín municipal term, Montes Universales, Sistema Ibérico, Sierra de Albarracín Comarca. All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank.  The main cities it passes through are Aranjuez, Toledo, Talavera de la Reina and Alcántara in Spain, and Abrantes, Santarém, Almada and Lisbon in Portugal.

Course

In Spain

The first notable city on the Tagus is Sacedón. Below Aranjuez it receives the combined flow of the Jarama,  Henares, Algodor and Tajuña.  Below Toledo it receives the Guadarrama River.  Above Talavera de la Reina it receives the Alberche.  At Valdeverdeja is the upper end of the long upper reservoir, the Embalse de Valdecañas, beyond which are the Embalse de Torrejon, into which flow the Tiétar, and the lower reservoir, the Alcántara Dam into which flows the Alagón at the lower end.

There is a canal and aqueduct between the Tagus and the Segura.

In Portugal

After forming the border it enters Portugal, passing Vila Velha de Ródão, Abrantes, Constância, Entroncamento, Santarém and Vila Franca de Xira at the head of the long narrow estuary, which has Lisbon at its mouth. The estuary is protected by the Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve. There is the largest bridge across the river, the Vasco da Gama Bridge, which with a total length of  is the longest bridge in Europe.

The Portuguese Alentejo region and former Ribatejo Province take their names from the river; Alentejo, from além Tejo "Beyond the Tagus" and Ribatejo from arriba Tejo, an archaic way of saying "Upper Tagus".

Geology

The lower Tagus is on a fault line. Slippage along it has caused numerous earthquakes, the major ones being those of 1309, 1531 and 1755. 

History

The Pepper Wreck, properly the wreck of the Nossa Senhora dos Mártires, is a shipwreck located and excavated at the mouth of the Tagus between 1996 and 2001.

The river had strategic value to the Spanish and Portuguese empires, as it guarded the approach to Lisbon. For example, in 1587, Sir Francis Drake briefly approached the river after his successful raid at Cadiz. 

Popular culture

A major river, the Tagus is brought to mind in the songs and stories of the Portuguese. A popular fado song in Lisbon notes that while people get older, the Tagus remains young ("My hair getting white, the Tagus is always young"). The author, Fernando Pessoa, wrote a poem that begins: 
"The Tagus is more beautiful than the river that flows through my village. But the Tagus is not more beautiful than the river that flows through my village..." 

Richard Crashaw's poem "Saint Mary Magdalene, or the Weeper" refers to the "Golden" Tagus as wanting Mary Magdalene's silver tears. In classical poetry the Tagus was famous for its gold-bearing sands (Catullus 29.19, Ovid, Amores, 1.15.34, Juvenal, Satires, 3.55, etc.).
Question:
Through which European capital city does the River Tagus flow?
Answer:
Capital of Portugal
Passage:
The Owl and the Pussycat
"The Owl and the Pussycat" is a nonsense poem by Edward Lear, first published during 1871 as part of his book Nonsense Songs, Stories, Botany, and Alphabets.

Lear wrote the poem for a three-year-old girl, Janet Symonds, the daughter of Lear's friend poet John Addington Symonds and his wife Catherine Symonds. The term "runcible", used for the phrase "runcible spoon", was invented for the poem.

Synopsis 

"The Owl and the Pussycat" features four anthropomorphic animals – an owl, a cat, a pig, and a turkey – and tells the story of the love between the title characters who marry in the land "where the Bong-tree grows".

The Owl and the Pussycat set out to sea in a pea green boat with honey and "plenty of money" wrapped in a five-pound note. The Owl serenades the Pussycat while gazing at the stars and strumming on a small guitar. He describes her as beautiful. The Pussycat responds by describing the Owl as an "elegant fowl" and compliments him on his singing. She urges they marry but they don't have a ring. They sail away for a year and a day to a land where Bong trees grow and discover a pig with a ring in his nose in a wood. They buy the ring for a shilling and are married the next day by a turkey. They dine on mince and quince using a "runcible spoon", then dance hand-in-hand on the sand in the moonlight.

Portions of an unfinished sequel, "The Children of the Owl and the Pussycat" were published first posthumously, during 1938.  How the pair procreated is unspecified but the children are part fowl and part cat.  All love to eat mice.  The family live round places with weird names where their mother the cat died falling from a tall tree.  The death caused their father, the owl, great sadness.  The money is all spent but father still sings to the original guitar. 

Other media 

* Beatrix Potter wrote a prequel, The Tale of Little Pig Robinson, telling the background story of the pig character.
* The story has been set to music and animated many times, including by Igor Stravinsky in 1966 using twelve-tone technique (a recording was made under the composer's supervision for Columbia Records), John Rutter, Victor Hely-Hutchinson, Burl Ives, Humphrey Searle in 1951, using twelve-tone technique for the accompanying flute, guitar, and cello, but sprechgesang for the vocal part,  and Laurie Anderson.
* Elton Hayes made a recording of the Hely-Hutchinson setting for Parlophone  during 1953. It became a regular item on Children's Favourites and was one of six Edward Lear recordings he made.
* The 1965 film Fun in Balloon Land contains references to the poem, and refers to the Turkey as "The Marrying Turkey".
* It was the main topic of a 1968 children's musical play about Lear's nonsense poems, entitled The Owl and the Pussycat went to See....  The play was written by Sheila Ruskin and David Wood. 
* The title was borrowed for an unrelated stage play and subsequent 1970 movie featuring Barbra Streisand and George Segal.
* During 1971, a cartoon based on the poem was made by Weston Woods.
* In the 1968 Disney animated feature Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day, later a part of 1977's The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh, the character Owl mentions a relative of his who supposedly "went to sea in a pea-green boat" with a Pussycat.
* The two main characters were the inspiration for X the Owl and Henrietta Pussycat in the "Neighborhood of Make-Believe" from Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
* Laurie Anderson composed and recorded a version titled Beautiful Pea Green Boat that appeared on her 1994 album Bright Red.
* Eric Idle, a former member of Monty Python, wrote a children's book entitled The Quite Remarkable Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat which was based on the poem. It is an extended story about when the Owl and the Pussycat were attacked by a band of ruthless rats who were trying to steal pies. It was illustrated by Wesla Weller and was first published during 1996 with an audio version which included some songs by Idle himself.
* Between 2001 and 2003, Stewart Lee wrote and performed a show titled Pea Green Boat. The show included an extended version of the story of "The Owl and the Pussycat" including the original poem. A 21-minute version of the show has been made available commercially.
* In 2004 the Folk Duo Sandwich (Buddy Freebury and Andrea Hallier) recorded a musical version of the poem to a tune written by band member Andrea Hallier (now Andrea Freebury) It was included on their third album Crystal Ball.
* Sananda Maitreya's sixth album, Angels & Vampires – Volume II, has a track entitled "The Owl and the Pussycat."
* A deleted scene intended for the Family Guy episode "Quagmire's Baby" involves Glenn Quagmire reading the book to his daughter, but then getting aroused by the sexual nature of the story.
*In 2013, Julia Donaldson and Charlotte Voake published a sequel to Lear's poem, entitled The Further Adventures of the Owl and the Pussycat.
Question:
Who conducted the wedding in the poem ‘The Owl and the Pussycat’ by Edward Lear?
Answer:
The Turkey
Passage:
Lot's wife
In the Bible, Lot's wife is a figure first mentioned in . The Book of Genesis describes how she became a pillar of salt after she looked back at Sodom. She is called "Ado" or "Edith" in some Jewish traditions, but is not named in the Bible. She is also referred to in the deuterocanonical books at  and the New Testament at .

Genesis narrative 

The narrative of Lot's wife begins in  after two angels arrived in Sodom, at eventide, and were invited to spend the night at Lot's home. As dawn was breaking, Lot's visiting angels urged him to get his family and flee, so as to avoid being caught in the impending disaster for the iniquity of the city. Lot delayed, so the angels took hold of his hand, his wife's hand and his daughters and brought them out of the city. The command was given, "Flee for your life! Do not look behind you, nor stop anywhere in the Plain; flee to the hills, lest you be swept away." Lot objected to the idea of fleeing to the hills and requested safe haven at a little town nearby. The request was granted and the town became known as Zoar. Traveling behind her husband, Lot's wife looked back, and became a pillar of salt.

Composition

The Hebrew verb used for Lot's wife "looking" back is , nāḇaṭ. Her looking back at Sodom differs in word usage to Abraham "looking" , šāqap toward Sodom in (18:16).

Pillar of salt

A pillar of salt named "Lot's wife" is located near the Dead Sea at Mount Sodom in Israel. The Mishnah states that a blessing should be said at the place where the pillar of salt is. Other pillars are said to be at the crossing of the Red Sea as well as at the Wall of Jericho. 

The Jewish historian Josephus claimed to have seen the pillar of salt which was Lot's wife.  Its existence is also attested to by the early church fathers Clement of Rome and Irenaeus. 

A sea-stack formation in Marsden Bay, UK, is also called 'Lot's wife' because of the shape and location of the feature. Large amounts of salts were deposited in the shallow tropical Zechstein Sea that extended from the Pennines over to Germany and Poland in Europe during the Permian period. Subsequent dissolution of these salts caused collapse (brecciation) of the overlying Magnesian Limestone rock layers that predominantly make up the cliffs today, providing much of their distinctive appearance and properties.

Jewish commentaries

In Judaism, one common view of Lot's wife turning to salt was as punishment for disobeying the angels' warning. By looking back at the "evil cities" she betrayed her secret longing for that way of life. She was deemed unworthy to be saved and thus turned to a pillar of salt. 

Another accepted view in the Jewish exegesis of Genesis 19:26, is that when Lot's wife looked back, she turned to a pillar of salt upon the sight of God who was descending down to rain destruction upon Sodom and Gomorrah.

A Jewish legend gives one reason for Lot's wife looking back, and that was to check if her daughters, who were married to men of Sodom, were coming or not. Instead, she saw God descending in order to rain fire and brimstone upon Sodom and Gomorrah. Thus, the sight of God turned her into a pillar of salt.

Another Jewish legend says that because Lot's wife sinned with salt, she was punished with salt. On the night the two angels visited Lot, he requested that his wife prepare a feast for them. Not having any salt, Lot's wife asked her neighbors for salt, which alerted them to the presence of their guests, resulting in the mob action that endangered Lot's family.

In the Midrash, Lot's wife's name is given as Edith.
Question:
Whose wife was turned into a pillar of salt?
Answer:
Legend of the Seeker
