Passage:
King Richard III Stakes
|}

The King Richard III Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged four years or older. It is run over a distance of 7 furlongs and 9 yards (1,416 metres) at Leicester in April.

History

During the late 1970s and early 1980s, the event was known as the Philip Cornes Trophy Stakes.  It was renamed the Leicestershire Stakes in 1983. 

Holsten Brewery started to sponsor the race in 1984, and from this point it was called the Holsten Pils Trophy.  It reverted to its previous title in 1988.

For a period the Leicestershire Stakes held Listed status. It was promoted to Group 3 level in 1999, and relegated back to Listed class in 2004.

The race was given its present title in 2013. It is now named after King Richard III, whose skeleton was discovered in Leicester and identified earlier that year.

Records

Most successful horse since 1978 (3 wins):
* Warningford – 1999, 2001, 2002

Leading jockey since 1978 (3 wins):
* Ray Cochrane – Rami (1991), Warningford (1999), Sugarfoot (2000)
* Richard Hughes - Tillerman (2003), Producer (2013), Coulsty (2015)

Leading trainer since 1978 (3 wins):
* Henry Cecil – Belmont Bay (1981), Valiyar (1983), Monsagem (1990)
* Richard Hannon, Sr. – Shalford (1992), Swing Low (1993), Producer (2013)
* James Fanshawe – Warningford (1999, 2001, 2002)

Winners since 1978

 The race was held at Doncaster in 2000, and Newmarket in 2001.

 The 2012 running was abandoned due to waterlogging.
Question:
At which race course is the King Richard III Stakes run in April?
Answer:
County Borough of Leicester
Passage:
There's a sucker born every minute
"There's a sucker born every minute" is a phrase closely associated with P. T. Barnum, an American showman of the mid-19th century, although there is no evidence that he said it. Early examples of its use are found instead among gamblers and confidence men.

Attribution to Barnum

When Barnum's biographer, Arthur H. Saxon, tried to track down  Barnum had uttered this phrase, he was unable to verify it. According to Saxon, "There's no contemporary account of it, or even any suggestion that the word 'sucker' was used in the derogatory sense in his day. Barnum was just not the type to disparage his patrons." 

Some sources claim the quote is most likely from famous con-man Joseph ("Paper Collar Joe") Bessimer,  and other sources say it was actually uttered by David Hannum, spoken in reference to Barnum's part in the Cardiff Giant hoax. Hannum, who was exhibiting the "original" giant and had unsuccessfully sued Barnum for exhibiting a copy and claiming it was the original, was referring to the crowds continuing to pay to see Barnum's exhibit even after both it and the original had been proven to be fakes.

Another source credits late 1860s Chicago "bounty broker, saloon and gambling-house keeper, eminent politician, and dispenser of cheating privileges..." Michael Cassius McDonald as the originator of the aphorism. According to the book Gem of the Prairie: Chicago Underworld (1940) by Herbert Asbury, when McDonald was equipping his gambling house known as The Store (at Clark and Monroe Streets in Chicago) his partner Harry Lawrence expressed concern over the large number of roulette wheels and faro tables being installed and their ability to get enough players to play the games. McDonald then allegedly said, "Don't worry about that, there's a sucker born every minute."

History

Early uses of the phrase refer to it as a catch-phrase among gamblers. In an 1879 discussion of gambling in Chicago, an "old-timer" is quoted as saying, “[G]oodness knows how they live, it’s mighty hard times with the most of them; in the season they make a bit on base ball, or on the races, and then, you know, ‘there’s a sucker born every minute,’ and rigid city legislation drives the hard-up gambler, who would be a decent one of the kind, to turn skin-dealer and sure-thing player.”  The use of quotation marks indicates that it must already have been an established catch-phrase.

The phrase appears in print in the 1885 biography of confidence man Hungry Joe, The Life of Hungry Joe, King of the Bunco Men.   

In a slightly different form, the phrase shows up in the January 1806 European Magazine: "It was the observation of one of the tribe of Levi, to whom some person had expressed his astonishment at his being able to sell his damaged and worthless commodities, 'That there vash von fool born every minute.'" 

According to David W. Maurer, writing in The Big Con (1940),  there was a similar saying amongst con men: "There's a mark born every minute, and one to trim 'em and one to knock 'em."  Here "trim" means to steal from, and "knock" means to persuade away from a scam.  The meaning is that there is no shortage of new victims, nor of con men, nor of honest men.

In the 1930 John Dos Passos novel The 42nd Parallel, the quotation is attributed to Mark Twain.
Question:
“There’s a sucker born every minute” is a phrase erroneously attributed to what famous showman?
Answer:
Phineas Barnum
Passage:
Daniel Chatto
Daniel St. George Chatto (born 22 April 1957), previously Daniel Chatto St. George Sproule, is a British artist and former actor. He is the husband of Lady Sarah Armstrong-Jones, the daughter of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, and niece of Queen Elizabeth II.

Biography

Chatto is the son of actor Tom Chatto (1920–1982, originally Thomas Chatto St John Sproule) and the theatrical agent Ros Chatto (née Rosalind Joan Thompson; died 2012).  He has an older brother, James Chatto.

On 14 July 1994, Chatto married Lady Sarah Armstrong-Jones. They have two sons:
*Samuel David Benedict Chatto
*Arthur Robert Nathaniel Chatto

Name change

In 1987, Daniel Chatto legally changed his name by a deed poll from Daniel Chatto St. George Sproule to Daniel St. George Chatto.  At the same time, his mother, also using a deed poll, abandoned her married surname of Sproule in favour of Chatto. 

Filmography

*The Marquise (1980)
*Quartet (1981, directed by James Ivory)
*Priest of Love (1981)
*To the Manor Born (as Heatherington-Poole, series finale, 1981)
*A Shocking Accident (1982, short)
*Nancy Astor (1982; based on the life of Nancy Astor)
*Charles & Diana: A Royal Love Story (1982; as Prince Andrew, Duke of York)
*Heat and Dust (1983, by James Ivory); based on a novel by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
*The Razor's Edge (1984; based on a novel by William Somerset Maugham)
*A Christmas Carol (1984; based on a novel by Charles Dickens)
*Dutch Girls (1985, TV)
*The Death of the Heart (1985; based on a novel by Elizabeth Bowen)
*The Shooting Party (1985)
*Little Dorrit (1988; based on a novel by Charles Dickens)
Question:
Which famous figure married 36 year old Daniel Chatto on July 14th 1994?
Answer:
SARAH ARMSTRONG JONES
Passage:
Royal Yacht Squadron
The Royal Yacht Squadron is one of the most prestigious yacht clubs in the world. Its clubhouse is Cowes Castle on the Isle of Wight in the United Kingdom.  Member yachts are given the Suffix RYS to their names, and permitted to fly the White Ensign of the Royal Navy[http://www.rys.org.uk/da/11662 Overview: The Royal Yacht Squadron] rather than the merchant Red Ensign flown by the majority of other UK registered vessels. The club's patron is Queen Elizabeth II and the club's admiral is Prince Philip who is also a former club commodore.

History

Founded on 1 June 1815 in the Thatched House Tavern in St James's, London as The Yacht Club by 42 gentlemen interested in sea yachting,[http://www.british-towns.net/attractions/attraction_selected.asp?GetTLID3336 British Attractions – Royal Yacht Squadron – Outdoor Venue] the original members decided to meet in London and in Cowes twice a year, to discuss yachting over dinner. Membership was restricted to those who owned a vessel not under 10 tons. Today this is interpreted as a gentleman "actively interested in yachting".[http://www.rys.org.uk/da/11662 Overview: The Royal Yacht Squadron]

The Earl of Yarborough, later first commodore of the club, welcomed the Prince Regent as a member in 1817. In 1820, when the Prince Regent became George IV, it was renamed the Royal Yacht Club.

The club started organising racing as a principal feature of the annual regatta, which is now known as Cowes Week. In 1833, William IV renamed the club, The Royal Yacht Squadron.
Its association with the Royal Navy began early and Nelson's captain at Trafalgar, Admiral Sir Thomas Hardy, headed the list of naval members. The spirit of invention led to yachts "of such celerity in sailing and beauty of construction" that they were of utility to the Royal Navy.
In 1829, the Admiralty issued a warrant to wear what is now the navy's White Ensign. The burgee (a triangular shaped flag identifying yacht club membership) is differenced with a St George's Cross and crown on a white background.

In 1851, one of the "forred" hands, on board the yacht America concerning the first sailing of the America's Cup, 1851 wrote 'The Royal Yacht Club—In a fix' (tune). "Come listen to my ditty, and a song to you I'll sing..." 

Another naval connection is that the Antarctic explorer Robert Falcon Scott was a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron. To enable the application of naval discipline on board a civilian ship, he registered the Terra Nova RYS as a yacht of the squadron and sailed under the White Ensign on his second and final expedition to Antarctica in 1910.

Recently, Royal Yacht Squadron allowed full membership to women, which had been restricted since its foundation.

Racing

In 1851, the club's commodore, visiting the Great Exhibition, issued a challenge for the squadron's £100 Cup for a race around the island. The New York City–based America, representing the New York Yacht Club, triumphed in this race, giving its name to one of the oldest and best-known trophies: the America's Cup.  The victory was witnessed by Queen Victoria and the Prince of Wales, later commodore of the club and Edward VII.

The site is also used as the start of the Round the Island Race which occurs annually.

During the American Civil War Deerhound RYS witnessed the fight between USS Kearsarge and the Confederate cruiser CSS Alabama. Gazelle RYS rescued the Empress Eugenie at the end of the Franco-Prussian War and the squadron yachts supplied British soldiers in the Crimean War.

The German Kaiser brought the 1887 America's Cup challenger Thistle, to Cowes in 1892 which encouraged the Prince of Wales to build Britannia, one of the most successful racing yachts of all time.

The Pavilion

The Pavilion, designed by Sir Thomas Croft, was opened in 2000. This elegant creation provides on shore facilities for yachtsmen and their families while allowing the castle to retain its 'country house' ambiance. The Pavilion also enabled the squadron to cross burgees with the New York Yacht Club in celebration of the 150th anniversary of the schooner America’s famous victory of 1851.
Question:
The Royal Yacht Squadron of Cowes, based on the Isle of Wight, started a competition in 1851 now known by what name?
Answer:
International Cup Race
Passage:
Belgrade Theatre
The Belgrade Theatre is a live performance venue seating 858 and situated in Coventry, England. It was the first civic theatre to be built after the Second World War in Britain and as such was more than a place of entertainment. It joined the new Coventry Cathedral as a symbol of optimism and culture in one of the largest re-development projects then undertaken, to rebuild the city of Coventry, which had been almost totally destroyed by bombing. The building is now a grade II listed building. In 1963 the Belgrade was registered as a charity by the Charity Commission (number 219163). 
The Belgrade acquired its name in recognition and thanks for a gift of timber from the Yugoslavian (today Serbian) capital city of Belgrade (Coventry's official sister city), that was used extensively in the construction of the auditorium. Since opening in 1958, the theatre has established itself as a centre for the new and innovative productions.

Having pioneered the Theatre-in-Education movement in the 1960s the theatre continues to work with disadvantaged young people and uses drama as a tool to develop personal and social skills. Their most successful programme "Acting Out" has been commissioned by Coventry's LEA for the last 10 years and has been replicated across the UK. One graduate of the course credits "Acting Out" with saving her life. 

The theatre reopened in September 2007 after undergoing a £12 million refurbishment with a 7-storey extension to provide a second auditorium.

Prince Edward officially opened the refurbishment of the Belgrade's B2 studio on 5 February 2008, this also marked the 50th anniversary of the Belgrade's opening performed by Princess Alexandra.
Question:
In which English city did the Belgrade Theatre open in 1958?
Answer:
Cofantre
Passage:
8 Facts About Famous Cartoon Characters' First Appearances
8 Facts About Famous Cartoon Characters' First Appearances
tweet
We all have grown up with our favourite cartoons that have made our childhood memories beautiful and everlasting. All the cartoon characters that have become most important and unforgettable part of our lives. Whether it be Mickey Mouse, Tom & Jerry, Popeye, Donald Duck or The Flintstones, the place that these characters occupy in our childhood memories is a precious one. But how much do we know about the origin and facts about these famous cartoon characters? Or when did they first appear on television or big screen? May be some people know the answer, some do not. So here is something interesting about these characters. Below is the list of the movies where these cartoon characters appear for the first time, let’s have a look.
Mickey Mouse- Plane Crazy (1928)
Walt Disney’s first cartoon starring the most famous cartoon character, Mickey Mouse for the first time came in 1928. The name of the cartoon was Plane Crazy which was actually a silent cartoon. The first Mickey Mouse cartoon with sound was featured in the Walt Disney’s Steamboat Willie, two months later after Plane Crazy. Mickey Mouse starrer Lend a Paw won an Oscar in 1941.
 
Popeye- Popeye the Sailor with Betty Boop (1933)
Elzie Crisler Segar gave birth to Popeye in 1929 by sketching his character in a newspaper comic strip. It was further
adapted by the animator Max Fleischer. Popeye the Sailor with Betty Boop was the first cartoon in which Popeye was introduced for the first time. Popeye cartoons were made for cinema and TV until the 1980s, and the live-action movie of Popeye was released in 1980.
 
Donald Duck- The Wise Little Hen (1934)
In 1934, came Donald Duck with the cartoon The Wise Little Hen. Clarence Nash was the voice of Donald Duck for
50 years. Der Fuehrer’s Face was an anti-Hitler movie of Donald Duck which was released in 1942 won an Oscar.
 
Bugs Bunny- Porky’s Hare Hunt (1938)
Porky’s Hare Hunt was the cartoon in which Bugs Bunny appeared for the first time in 1938. In 1940 came the cartoon film A Wild Hare in which Bugs Bunny quoted, “Eh, What’s up, Doc?” for the first time which became his famous saying. But he was not named until Elmer’s Pet Rabbit which was released in 1941. Knighty-Knight Bugs (1958) won an Oscar.
 
Tom & Jerry- Puss Gets The Boot (1940)
Puss Gets The Boot was released in 1940 in which Tom & Jerry appeared for the first time. The very first cartoon of Tom & Jerry was nominated for an Oscar. The only full length movie in which Tom & Jerry speak was released in 1992 named, Tom & Jerry: The Movie.
 
Casper the Ghost- The Friendly Ghost (1945)
The 1945 cartoon film, The Friendly Ghost was the cartoon in which Casper the Ghost appeared for the first time. Casper has starred in more than 50 movies and has appeared in part live action/part compuetr animated feature film which released in 1995 which earned nearly $300 million around the world.
 
The Flintstones- The Flintstone Flyer (1960)
It was the first episode of The Flintstones to be broadcasted on television. It went on to become the longest-running cartoon series until it was overtaken by The Simpsons. The live action film The Flintstones which was released in 1994 was one of the top earning films of the year.
Simpsons- Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire (1989)
This successful series began in 1987 as short episodes screened on the Tracey Ulman Show. It was developed into longer weekly episodes and has become the longest-running cartoon series ever.
TAGS
Question:
"Where did the cartoon character ""Casper"" first appear?"
Answer:
"A film, ""The Friendly Ghost"""
Passage:
Chicken Forestiere Recipe - Pepper
Chicken Forestiere Recipe
Mikka Wee Words
A French classic, the term a la forestiere means “of the forest”, wherein a certain kind of meat is accompanied by earthy and hearty flavors, which usually come from mushrooms. And if you’re an occasional diner at the Old Swiss Inn, you’ll find that Chicken Forestiere is one of this European restaurant’s bestselling dishes.
And a creamy mushroom sauce, more often than not, is a tricky sauce to work with since too much can be quite overbearing to the palette. So we thinned it out in this recipe by using a splash of fine Madeira wine.
Buttered Linguini is the chosen partner carbohydrate for this meal, but you can also opt to substitute it with some mashed potatoes or a basic risotto. But personally, I believe the Buttered Linguini goes perfect with this since the simplicity of the side dish makes an excellent pairing for the sophisticatedly-dressed poultry. Bon appetit!
Chicken Forestiere with Buttered Linguini
Total Time: 40 minutes / Yield: 2 servings
Ingredients for the Chicken
Procedure for the Buttered Linguini
Prepare buttered linguini by melting butter in a pan.
Toss in cooked linguini and season with salt and pepper.
Turn off fire and toss in parsley.
Keep warm and set aside.
Procedure for the Chicken
Cut chicken breast into thin slices. Season with salt and pepper.
Dredge in all-purpose flour and place in a plate.
Heat olive oil in a sauté pan and pan fry chicken pieces for 1-2 minutes on each side or until browned. Be careful not to overcook.
Remove chicken pieces from pan and transfer to a plate, set aside.
Procedure for the Madeira Mushroom Sauce
In the same pan, add in butter and melt.
Sauté garlic and shallots for 1-2 minutes.
Add in mushroom slices and cook for another 2 minutes.
Add in Madeira wine and season with salt and pepper.
Add in water and simmer for 3-5 minutes or until alcohol evaporates. Add more water if it gets too dry.
Return the chicken into the pan and simmer for 2 minutes.
Add in cream and parsley.
Turn off fire and mix.
Serve with a side of the buttered linguini.
Notes
Paillard is an older French culinary term referring to a quick-cooking, thinly sliced or pounded piece of meat. In France, the word “escalope” has largely replaced it. The cut is known as “scallop” in the USA, not to be confused with the shellfish scallop.
Mikka Wee Mikka Wee Mikka Wee’s goal is to travel the world with a backpack stuffed with her books and not much of an itinerary. With an appetite thrice the size of her 5-foot frame, waffles are the one thing that makes her weak in the knees. She also likes to torture herself with sci-fi movie marathons until her brain turns into goop. Her list of not-so-secret culinary crushes includes David Chang, Ivan Orkin, Rene Redzepi, and Anthony Bourdain. Alexander Supertramp is her hero. FOLLOW
Question:
If a dish is described as 'a la forestiere', what must it contain?
Answer:
Psychoactive mushroom
Passage:
What does fluke mean? - Definitions.net
What does fluke mean?
A trematode; a parasitic flatworm of the trematoda class, related to the tapeworm.
The man had become infected with flukes after eating a meal of raw fish.
fluke(Noun)
Either of the two lobes of a whale's or similar creature's tail.
The dolphin had an open wound on the left fluke of its tail where the propeller had injured it.
fluke(Noun)
Any of the triangular blades at the end of an anchor, designed to catch the ground.
The fluke of the anchor was wedged between two outcroppings of rock and could not be dislodged.
fluke
A metal hook on the head of certain staff weapons (such as a bill), made in various forms depending on function, whether used for grappling or to penetrate armour when swung at an opponent.
The polearm had a wide, sharpened fluke attached to the central point.
fluke
In general, an offshoot from a central piece.
After casting the bronze statue, we filed down the flukes and spurs from the molding process.
Webster Dictionary(5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:
Fluke(noun)
an instrument for cleaning out a hole drilled in stone for blasting
Fluke(noun)
an accidental and favorable stroke at billiards (called a scratch in the United States); hence, any accidental or unexpected advantage; as, he won by a fluke
Origin: [Cf. LG. flunk, flunka wing, the palm of an anchor; perh. akin to E. fly.]
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Fluke
Fluke are an English electronic music group formed in the late 1980s by Mike Bryant, Jon Fugler and Mike Tournier with Julian Nugent as the band's manager. The band's conception was influenced by the members interest in the burgeoning acid house music scene and particularly the work of Cabaret Voltaire and Giorgio Moroder. The band are noted for their diverse range of electronic styles spanning the house, techno, ambient and blues genres; for their reclusivity, rarely giving interviews; and for lengthy timespans between albums. Many listeners know of Fluke only through the inclusion of their music in many blockbuster film soundtracks—most notably The Matrix Reloaded and Sin City—as well as featuring prominently on the soundtracks to Need for Speed: Underground 2 and the Wipeout video game series. The film The Experiment uses their song "YKK". To date Fluke have produced five original studio albums, two "best of" compilations and two live albums. Throughout their career they have made several changes to their line-up with credited appearances attributed to Neil Davenport playing guitars, Robin Goodridge on drums and Hugh Bryder as a DJ. When Fluke were touring for Risotto they were joined on stage by Rachel Stewart who acted as a personification of the band's official mascot, a character from the Wipeout series named Arial Tetsuo. Stewart continued as lead female vocalist and as a dancer for all of Fluke's live performances between 1997 and 1999.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Fluke
flōōk, n. a flounder: a parasitic  trematoid worm which causes the liver-rot in sheep, so called because  like a miniature flounder: a variety of kidney potato. [A.S. flóc,  a plaice; cf. Ice. flóke.]
Fluke
flōōk, n. the part of an anchor which  fastens in the ground.—adj. Fluk′y. [Prob. a transferred use of the  foregoing.]
Fluke
flōōk, n. a successful shot made by  chance, as at billiards: any unexpected advantage.
Editors Contribution(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
fluke
the test was a fluke.
Numerology
The numerical value of fluke in Chaldean Numerology is: 6
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
What kind of creature is a fluke?
Answer:
Worms, animals
Passage:
Apportionment Act of 1911
The Apportionment Act of 1911 (, ) was an apportionment bill passed by the United States Congress on August 8, 1911. The law set the number of members of the United States House of Representatives at 435, effective with the 63rd Congress on March 4, 1913.   This number included a provision for the addition of one seat each for Arizona and New Mexico when they became states.

Previous apportionment

The requirement for allocating United States Representatives is found in Article One, Section 2, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution.  Following each ten-year census, Congress is required to create a law that establishes the process of apportionment for the next ten years.  After the first census, Congress began to pass legislation to dictate the method of allotting U.S. Representatives to the states based on population (see Apportionment Act of 1792).  The Jefferson method of apportionment had been in use after the first census of 1790 through the 1830 census, and required fractional remainders to be discarded when calculating each state's total number of U.S. Representatives.      Daniel Webster proposed the Webster method, which was adopted for the 1840 census and allocated one representative to states with a fractional remainder greater than 0.5.   Prior to the Apportionment Act of 1911, the Hamilton/Vinton (largest remainder) method had been used for this purpose since 1850.        In addition to setting the number of U.S. Representatives at 435, the Apportionment Act of 1911 returned to the Webster method of apportionment of U.S. Representatives.  Adopted in 1868, Section Two of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution had already removed the three-fifths method of counting slaves, and instead required "counting the whole number of all persons in each State."

Text

Subsequent apportionment

For the first and only time, Congress failed to pass an apportionment act after the 1920 census.  This left the allocations of the Act of 1911 in place until the 1930 census.  The Reapportionment Act of 1929 established a method for reallocating seats among the states, given population shifts and the maximum of 435 representatives.   The Apportionment Act of 1941 made the apportionment process self-executing after each decennial census.   This lifted Congress's responsibility to pass an apportionment act for each census, and ensured that the events surrounding the 1920 census would not happen again.  The number of U.S. Representatives increased temporarily to 437 when Alaska and Hawaii were admitted as states during the 86th Congress (seating one member from each of those states without changing the apportionment of the other seats).  After the 1960 census and the 1962 election, that number went back to 435.
Question:
Public Law 62-5, which was passed on August 8, 1911 set the membership of the House of Representatives to what number?
Answer:
435
Passage:
CityPASS Blog | City Traveler | Top 5 Deep Dish Pizza ...
CityPASS Blog | City Traveler | Top 5 Deep Dish Pizza Spots in Chicago
Top 5 Deep Dish Pizza Spots in Chicago
Pizza, Chicago Style
From panoramic views at Skydeck Chicago to the interactive science exhibits at the Museum of Science and Industry, the Windy City’s sight-seeing opportunities are certainly nothing short of spectacular.
As you make your way through the numerous unique Chicago attractions , you’ll also be making way for a mean appetite. Luckily, you’ll probably find yourself running into a familiar aroma specific to the region, a distinct smell that may be hard to escape.
It comes as no surprise that Chicago is the deep-dish pizza capital of the world; thick, crunchy crust topped with lava-like cheese oozing from the seams, coupled with your choice of ingredients stuffed into a single pie. Is your mouth watering yet? When every corner pizza joint looks just as delectable as the next and you can’t seem to make up your mind, CityPASS has you covered. Take a bite out of our top 5 deep dish pizza spots in Chicago.
Lou Malnati’s
Recently voted the best deep dish pizza in the city, Chicago residents have pinned Lou Malnati’s as the go-to eatery for all things local pie. Legend has it that the majestic waters of Lake Michigan create the perfect mixing component when the dough is made. Whether it’s the home-made dough, tastefully satisfying plum tomato sauce, or the rich pizza-making history of the Malnati family, you’re not walking out of Lou’s without a smile and a stain.
Pequod’s
Located in the city’s Lincoln Park section, Pequod’s is a neighborhood favorite that appeals to all ages across the spectrum, from toddlers to local old-timers. Here you will find a fairly different take on conventional deep dish (as if there’s really such a thing as “conventional” deep dish). The kicker here is the invariable ring of burnt-to-perfection cheese that surrounds the boarder of your perfect looking pie. It’s the bite you always look forward to, multiplied to serve you ultimate satisfaction.
Giordano's Famous Chicago Style Pizza
Giordano’s
The recipe for this pastry-like pizza dates back decades to the founder’s mother, who put together a multi-crusted pie packed with ricotta cheese and an array of meat fillings. This culinary creation became better known to the local village as the Italian Easter Pie. Mama Giordano became an instant staple in her small northern Italian town and eventually introduced the secret recipe to Chicago in 1974. Ever since the release of this magnificent treat, Chicago locals and tourists alike have been coming to Giordano’s for stuffed pie and deep dish delicacies.
Art of Pizza
This unique pizzeria located on Ashland Avenue has bridged the gap between calzones and traditional thin-crust pizza, creating a revelation of epic proportions. When you’re on the hunt for a pizza slice that places you into a food coma, while encompassing all of the flavors one requests when signing up for carb overload, Art of Pizza is the clear choice. Stuffed pizza with limitless ingredients alongside a crispy exterior creates an almost irresistible situation. Choose your ingredients wisely or you may find yourself crawling home.
Gino’s East of Chicago
Topping off our list is a pizza joint with multiple locations sprinkled around the city, known to locals as the premier spot for Chicago deep dish. Gino’s East prides itself on their creations, ensuring that every single pie features golden crust, red vine-ripened tomatoes, and the freshest ingredients of your choice. Cranking out mouth-watering deep dish pizzas since 1966, Gino’s hasn’t changed a thing and continues to deliver their customers top notch pizza in city known for just that.
Additional Chicago Posts
Question:
"What city is famous for ""deep-dish"" pizza?"
Answer:
Chi-Beria
Passage:
Ian Hopkins appointed as GMP Deputy Chief Constable
Ian Hopkins appointed as GMP Deputy Chief Constable
/ Ian Hopkins appointed as GMP Deputy Chief Constable
Last updated on 18/10/2016 02:03:45 PM
Greater Manchester Police can announce the appointment of Ian Hopkins as Deputy Chief Constable on Friday 11 January 2012.  Ian has been GMP’s temporary DCC since December 2011 and will retain overall responsibility for Force performance, the Force Change Programme and Corporate Communications.
Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy said, "I am delighted that Ian Hopkins has now been appointed permanently as the Deputy Chief Constable. He was appointed on a temporary basis by the Police Authority 12 months ago and has provided strong leadership to the force through a difficult period of budget cuts, change and serious incidents ensuring that performance has nevertheless improved. He has wide operational experience and a record of driving innovation and better service to the public. He is well suited to meet the challenges of the next few years."
Speaking about his appointment DCC Hopkins said, “I have been extremely proud to be the Deputy Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police since 2011.  The past year was a very challenging one for the Force and I’m pleased to have been able to contribute, helping to  keep the people of Greater Manchester safe.
“The challenge ahead is considerable but I am totally committed to helping officers and staff to continue to deliver an improved performance for the people that we serve.”
The interview was conducted by Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy, PCC Tony Lloyd and Chief Executive Officer of Greater Manchester Probation Trust Roz Hamilton.
Biography
Ian joined GMP in April 2008 on promotion to Assistant Chief Constable.  He started his career in Staffordshire in 1989 and in 1991 he transferred to Northamptonshire Police. In June 2003, he transferred to Cheshire Police where he was Divisional Commander for Chester and Ellesmere Port. In 2005, he took control of the Cheshire Eastern Area Basic Command Unit.
As an Assistant Chief Constable in GMP, Ian has had responsibility for Specialist Operations, Call Handling and Response Policing and territorial Divisions including Salford, Wigan and Trafford. Ian has much experience of managing large events such as Party Political Conferences, a number of high profile football games as well as significant protests, firearms incidents and critical incidents. Ian was also selected to undertake a three-month secondment as syndicate director for the 2011 Strategic Command Course at Bramshill.
Ian has an MBA (distinction), Postgraduate Diploma in Operations Management and is a Fellow of the Chartered Management Institute. He is a Director of Marketing Manchester and the ACPO lead for the Policing of Party Political Conferences.
Ian was appointed Deputy Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police in December 2011. He currently has responsibility for Force performance, the Force Change Programme and Corporate Communications.
/ Share
Question:
Who is the Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester Police Force?
Answer:
Ian Hopkins
Passage:
Tagus
The Tagus (; ; ; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula.  It is 1038 km long, 716 km in Spain, 47 km along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km in Portugal, where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon.  It drains an area of 80100 sqkm (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).  The Tagus is highly utilized for most of its course. Several dams and diversions supply drinking water to most of central Spain, including Madrid, and Portugal, while dozens of hydroelectric stations create power. Between dams it follows a very constricted course, but after Almourol it enters a vast alluvial valley prone to flooding. At its mouth is a large estuary on which the port city of Lisbon is situated.

The source of the Tagus is the Fuente de García, in the Frías de Albarracín municipal term, Montes Universales, Sistema Ibérico, Sierra de Albarracín Comarca. All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank.  The main cities it passes through are Aranjuez, Toledo, Talavera de la Reina and Alcántara in Spain, and Abrantes, Santarém, Almada and Lisbon in Portugal.

Course

In Spain

The first notable city on the Tagus is Sacedón. Below Aranjuez it receives the combined flow of the Jarama,  Henares, Algodor and Tajuña.  Below Toledo it receives the Guadarrama River.  Above Talavera de la Reina it receives the Alberche.  At Valdeverdeja is the upper end of the long upper reservoir, the Embalse de Valdecañas, beyond which are the Embalse de Torrejon, into which flow the Tiétar, and the lower reservoir, the Alcántara Dam into which flows the Alagón at the lower end.

There is a canal and aqueduct between the Tagus and the Segura.

In Portugal

After forming the border it enters Portugal, passing Vila Velha de Ródão, Abrantes, Constância, Entroncamento, Santarém and Vila Franca de Xira at the head of the long narrow estuary, which has Lisbon at its mouth. The estuary is protected by the Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve. There is the largest bridge across the river, the Vasco da Gama Bridge, which with a total length of  is the longest bridge in Europe.

The Portuguese Alentejo region and former Ribatejo Province take their names from the river; Alentejo, from além Tejo "Beyond the Tagus" and Ribatejo from arriba Tejo, an archaic way of saying "Upper Tagus".

Geology

The lower Tagus is on a fault line. Slippage along it has caused numerous earthquakes, the major ones being those of 1309, 1531 and 1755. 

History

The Pepper Wreck, properly the wreck of the Nossa Senhora dos Mártires, is a shipwreck located and excavated at the mouth of the Tagus between 1996 and 2001.

The river had strategic value to the Spanish and Portuguese empires, as it guarded the approach to Lisbon. For example, in 1587, Sir Francis Drake briefly approached the river after his successful raid at Cadiz. 

Popular culture

A major river, the Tagus is brought to mind in the songs and stories of the Portuguese. A popular fado song in Lisbon notes that while people get older, the Tagus remains young ("My hair getting white, the Tagus is always young"). The author, Fernando Pessoa, wrote a poem that begins: 
"The Tagus is more beautiful than the river that flows through my village. But the Tagus is not more beautiful than the river that flows through my village..." 

Richard Crashaw's poem "Saint Mary Magdalene, or the Weeper" refers to the "Golden" Tagus as wanting Mary Magdalene's silver tears. In classical poetry the Tagus was famous for its gold-bearing sands (Catullus 29.19, Ovid, Amores, 1.15.34, Juvenal, Satires, 3.55, etc.).
Question:
Which European capital city is on the River Tagus?
Answer:
Capital of Portugal
Passage:
The 19th-Century British Poet Laureates
Louisiana Tech University - Frellsen Fletcher Smith - The 19th-Century British Poet Laureates
The 19th-Century British Poet Laureates
Documents by the 19th-Century British Poet Laureates
The post of British Poet Laureate has existed in some form since 1189, and though it was traditionally a position held for life, it is now held for a period of ten years. During the 19th century, five different men held the post, though Henry James Pye was appointed in the late 18th century and served until 1813, and Alfred Austin was appointed in 1896 and served most of his term during the early 20th century. The three men who served in between those two, and who indeed served for 83 of the years of the 19th century, were Robert Southey (served 1813-1843), William Wordsworth (served 1843-1850), and Alfred, Lord Tennyson (served 1850-1892). At Louisiana Tech we are fortunate to have documents by all three of these men in The Frellsen Fletcher Smith Collection, including handwritten poems by all three men. For more information about these documents click on the author links to the left.
- Dr. Rick Simmons, Department of English, Louisiana Tech University
Above: The signatures of Poet Laureates Robert Southey, William Wordsworth, and Alfred, Lord Tennyson, as they appear on documents in the Frellsen Fletcher Smith Collection.
 
Louisiana Tech University, A Member of the University of Louisiana System © 2012
Ruston, LA | 318-257-2000 | Directory
Question:
Who was the first poet laureate of the 20th century?
Answer:
Alfred Austin
Passage:
Lord Lucan flew to freedom from this private airfield ...
Lord Lucan flew to freedom from this private airfield | Daily Mail Online
After 40 years, new stunning evidence emerges that Lord Lucan flew to freedom from private airfield: The most minutely researched and brilliantly told account ever of 1974 murder - with a killer conclusion
Nanny Sandra Rivett was bludgeoned to death in a Belgravia home in 1974
Man later named as the killer was Richard John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan
There has been no sighting of Lord Lucan since November 8 that year
It was rumoured that he committed suicide following the brutal attack
But new witness suggests that he was driven to a Kent airfield and fled UK
Question:
Notorious British peer Richard John Bingham is better known by what name?
Answer:
Richard Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan
Passage:
Kittiwake
The kittiwakes (genus Rissa) are two closely related seabird species in the gull family Laridae, the black-legged kittiwake (R. tridactyla) and the red-legged kittiwake (R. brevirostris).   The epithets "black-legged" and "red-legged" are used to distinguish the two species in North America, but in Europe, where R. brevirostris is not found, the black-legged kittiwake is often known simply as kittiwake, or more colloquially in some areas as tickleass or tickleace.  The name is derived from its call, a shrill 'kittee-wa-aaake, kitte-wa-aaake'. The genus name Rissa is from the Icelandic name Rita for the black-legged kittiwake.

Description

The two species are physically very similar. They have a white head and body, grey back, grey wings tipped solid black and a yellow bill. Black-legged kittiwake adults are somewhat larger (roughly 40 cm in length with a wingspan of 90 –) than red-legged kittiwakes (35 – in length with a wingspan around 84 –). Other differences include a shorter bill, larger eyes, a larger, rounder head and darker grey wings in the red-legged kittiwake. While most black-legged kittiwakes do, indeed, have dark-grey legs, some have pinkish-grey to reddish legs, making colouration a somewhat unreliable identifying marker.

In contrast to the dappled chicks of other gull species, kittiwake chicks are downy and white since they are under relatively little threat of predation, as the nests are on extremely steep cliffs. Unlike other gull chicks which wander around as soon as they can walk, kittiwake chicks instinctively sit still in the nest to avoid falling off.  Juveniles take three years to reach maturity. When in winter plumage, both birds have a dark grey smudge behind the eye and a grey hind-neck collar. The sexes are visually indistinguishable.

Distribution and habitat

Kittiwakes are coastal breeding birds ranging in the North Pacific, North Atlantic, and Arctic oceans.  They form large, dense, noisy colonies during the summer reproductive period, often sharing habitat with murres. They are the only gull species that are exclusively cliff-nesting.

The black-legged kittiwake is one of the most numerous of seabirds. Breeding colonies can be found in the Pacific from the Kuril Islands, around the coast of the Sea of Okhotsk throughout the Bering Sea and the Aleutian Islands to southeast Alaska,  and in the Atlantic from the Gulf of St. Lawrence through Greenland and the coast of Ireland down to Portugal, as well as in the high Arctic islands.   In the winter, the range extends further south and out to sea.

In sharp contrast, the red-legged kittiwake has a very limited range in the Bering Sea, breeding only on the Pribilof, Bogoslof and Buldir islands in the United States, and the Commander Islands in Russia.  On these islands, it shares some of the same cliff habitat as the black-legged kittiwake, though there is some localized segregation between the species on given cliffs.

Photo gallery 

File:Kittiwake w.jpg|Kittiwake - winter Ireland
File:Kittiwake with young chick.jpg|Kittiwake with chicks, Iceland
File:Rissa tridactyla -Staple Island, Farne Islands, Northumberland, England -adult and chicks-8.jpg|Farne Islands, England
Question:
The Kittiwake belongs to which family of birds?
Answer:
Sea Gulls
Passage:
People - London Internet Church
People - London Internet Church
People
The London Internet Church  is a gathered global community  that meets online to worship, enquire, encourage and pray.
People
The Venerable Peter Delaney MBE,
Archdeacon Emeritus and Director of the London Internet Church
Peter Delaney was Archdeacon of London from 1999 to 2010 and Priest in Charge of St Stephen Walbrook since 2004. He is a man with a passion for the arts and communication as a means of understanding humanity and God. After a classical art education and a brief period teaching he worked for NBC television in Hollywood and here found his vocation to the Anglican Priesthood returning to England to read theology at Kings College London.
He served at Marylebone with Chaplaincies to the National Heart Hospital and London Clinic. He was Chaplain at the University Church of Christ the King. From there he was invited to become Precentor and Residentiary Canon at Southwark Cathedral, where he developed an arts programme of exhibitions and theatre and theological training.
The Rt Revd and Rt Hon Richard Chartres
Bishop of London
The Bishop of London is the Diocesan Bishop for the London Diocese, which covers London, north of the Thames. He also exercises personal responsibility for the ‘Two Cities’ Area of the Diocese, covering the City of London and the City of Westminster.
Richard John Carew Chartres became the 132nd Bishop of London in November 1995 and was enthroned at St Paul’s on 26 January 1996. He was educated at Hertford Grammar School and studied history at Trinity College Cambridge. Before ordination he taught Ancient History at the International School in Seville. He was ordained in 1973 and served as a curate in St Andrewï’s Bedford. In 1975 he was appointed Chaplain to Robert Runcie, then Bishop of St Albans, and from 1980-84 he served as the Archbishop’s Chaplain at Lambeth and Canterbury. He moved to St Stephen’s Rochester Row in the Diocese of London in 1984. During eight years in the parish he also served as Director of Ordinands for the Central Area and as Gresham Professor of Divinity.He was consecrated Bishop of Stepney in 1992.
After his move to the see of London, he was appointed Dean of HM Chapels Royal in 1996 and a Privy Counsellor. This accounts for the curious fact that the Bishop of London is the only bishop who bears the title “Right Honourable” in addition to the usual “Right Reverend”. He is an ex-officio member of the House of Lords. He is an Honorary Bencher of the Middle Temple, Chairman of the Ecumenical London Church Leaders, a director of Coexist Foundation – a charity promoting interfaith understanding – and is associated with numerous other London organisations. He is also Chairman of the Church Buildings Division of the Church of England and deputises for the Archbishop of Canterbury as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Church Commissioners. He is also responsible on behalf of the Archbishop for relations with the Orthodox Churches.
He founded St Ethelburga’s Centre for Reconciliation and Peace and is currently the Chairman of the Trustees. His publications include “The History of Gresham College 1597-1997” (with David Vermont) and “Tree of Knowledge, Tree of Life” [2005] and many articles and essays especially on religion and the environment. He is married to Caroline, a freelance writer, and they have four children Alexander, Sophie, Louis and Clio.
The Bishop of London’s Office
Diary Secretary: Frances Charlesworth [email protected]
The Old Deanery
Martin Sargeant
Trustee London Internet Church
Martin Sargeant works with the Archdeacon of London and is Operations Manager for the Diocese. One of the founding trustees of the London Internet Church, Martin has a keen interest in ‘improving non-verbal communications’ and sees the internet as one of the ways we can achieve this in relation to the church. He recalls one of the most moving experiences of his life as attending the ordination of a friend as a Roman Catholic priest – his friend being deaf, and the service having a deaf choir performing.
Please Support Us
Please make a donation and help us continue our work. Alternatively - the next time you shop online - do it via our website; it will not cost you a penny more!
Question:
Who is the Bishop of London, in office since 1995?
Answer:
Richard Chartres
