Passage:
Broken Wings (Mr. Mister song)
"Broken Wings" is a song recorded by American pop rock band Mr. Mister. It was released in September 1985 as the lead single from their second album Welcome to the Real World. The song peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in December 1985, where it remained for two weeks. It was released as the band was just about to embark on a US tour opening for Tina Turner. The song peaked at number four in the United Kingdom, the highest chart position the group ever achieved in Britain. Broken Wings became the first of two consecutive number ones of the band on the American charts, the other top single was "Kyrie".

Background and music

The song was co-written with lyricist John Lang, who was inspired by a book called "Broken Wings" written by Kahlil Gibran.  The song is a mix of synth, digitally delayed guitar, bass and drums.  The song's hissing intro was an effect created by the sound of crash cymbal played in reverse.

Music video

The music video for "Broken Wings" was directed by Oley Sassone and filmed in black-and-white.  It features lead vocalist/bassist Richard Page driving through the desert in a classic Ford Thunderbird, the first allusion to birds. There is a scene where Page is sitting in a church when a Harris's Hawk flies in through the window and lands next to him on the pew and they exchange a gaze. The full band is also featured in performance scenes. Also appearing in the video are an unknown man and woman dancing tango. They are only shown from the waist down. At the end of the video Page is seen next to the Thunderbird with the vehicle's hood open, symbolizing broken wings.

Track listing

;7" Single 
#"Broken Wings" (single edit) - 4:29
#"Uniform of Youth" - 4:25

;12" Maxi Single
#"Broken Wings" (album version) - 5:45
#"Uniform of Youth" - 4:25
#"Welcome to the Real World" - 4:18

Charts

Year-end charts

Notable covers

*In 1986, it was covered by Rodney Franklin on his album It Takes Two.
*In 1992, Prince's ex-wife Mayte covered the song, with backing vocals by her older sister Janíce García.
*In 1992, short-lived British duo Network released a cover which reached No. 46 on the UK Singles Chart. 
*In 1995, it was covered by John Tesh on his album Sax By the Fire.
*In 1998, it was covered by C-Block on their album Keepin' It Real.
*In 2001, this song was sampled for a Tupac Shakur song on his posthumous album Until the End of Time, for the title song.
*In 2001, it was sampled and performed on the title song of  Foxy Brown's Broken Silence album.
*In 2001, it was covered by New Zealand singer K'lee.
*In 2002, the song was featured in the game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City on fictional station Emotion 98.3 and in the opening scene of the game.
*In 2003, the song was covered by American a cappella group Naturally 7 on their album What Is It?
*In 2003, it was covered for the video game Karaoke Revolution.
*In 2004, Richard Cheese performed this live in Las Vegas on his album I'd Like a Virgin.
*In 2005, Rick Springfield sang this song on his "tribute" album The Day After Yesterday as a duet with original vocalist Richard Page.
*In 2006, it was covered by Clay Aiken on his album A Thousand Different Ways.
*In 2006, Joe Budden released a freestyle using the beat and chorus from "Broken Wings".
*In 2007, it was covered by The Panic Division on their album Songs from the Glasshouse.
*In 2007, it was covered by Northern Kings on their album Reborn.
*In 2008, it was [http://open.spotify.com/track/4rBaMnxfP9WAc2xAg6CQ6b covered] by Villa Black and appears on the album "[http://open.spotify.com/album/2aWxUZOummQK21gAhoga8u Hôtel Costes A Decade by Stéphane Pompougnac]". 
*In 2010, Jason Donovan recorded a cover version of "Broken Wings" for his '80s covers album Soundtrack of the 80s.
*In 2012, it was covered by Roveena on her debut EP Perfect World released on Vintage Green Records Label.
*In 2013, it was sampled and performed by Canadian R&B singer Danny Fernandes under the title "Fly Again (Broken Wings)".
*In 2013, it was covered by Danish progressive metal band Anubis Gate on their EP entitled Sheep.
*In 2014, it was covered and performed by singer Conchita Leeflang.
*The song's various instrumental phrases were sampled in the Commodore 64 game Comic Bakery.
Question:
Which band had a hit in the 1980s with the single Broken Wings?
Answer:
Mr. Mister
Passage:
Kielder Forest
Kielder Forest is a large forestry plantation in Northumberland, England, surrounding Kielder village and the Kielder Water reservoir. It is the largest man-made woodland in England with three-quarters of its 250 sqmi covered by forest.  The majority of the forest lies within the Border Forest Park, with the southern tip known as Wark Forest lying within Northumberland National Park.

History 

The forest is owned and managed by the United Kingdom's Forestry Commission, which initiated the first plantings in the 1920s. During the 1930s, the Ministry of Labour supplied men from among the ranks of the unemployed. Many came from the mining communities and shipyards of North East England. They were housed in one of a number of instructional centres created by the Ministry, most of them on Forestry Commission property; by 1938, the Ministry had 38 Instructional Centres across Britain. The hutted camp in Kielder is now under Kielder Water. Numerous purpose-built villages were also constructed for workers' families, including Stonehaugh.

Prior to the 1920s, the land was predominantly open moorland, managed for grouse shooting and sheep grazing with remnants of native upland woodland existing along stream sides and in isolated craggy areas. The Forestry Commission, funded from the public purse, purchased land across the country with the brief of establishing a strategic reserve of timber for the nation. This single objective held sway until the 1960s. Since that time, management principles have changed in order to reflect rising awareness of environmental needs and to provide recreational facilities whilst seeking to maintain a sustainable supply of timber. Kielder today remains state-owned and its development from a single-objective plantation to a multi-purpose forest mirrors the development of plantation forestry across the United Kingdom.

Geography 

The name 'Kielder Forest' is often also applied to the area of hills and remote moorland that surround the forestry plantations. The group of hills merges into the Cheviots to the north-east but is generally well-defined on other sides. It reaches a maximum height of 602 m at Peel Fell and also contains the Marilyns of Sighty Crag and Larriston Fells. These hills, despite not being very high, are particularly remote owing to the scarcity of settlement in the region. Indeed, Sighty Crag is the furthest hill in England from a road.

Trees 

Kielder is dominated by conifers. Sitka spruce (Picea sitchensis) covers 75% of the planted area; this species thrives in the damp conditions afforded by northern Britain. Other species include Norway spruce (Picea abies) and lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta), which cover 9% of the area each. The remainder is made up of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), larch (Larix spp.), Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii), and broadleaves including birch (Betula spp.), rowan (Sorbus aucuparia), cherry (Prunus spp.), oak (Quercus spp.), beech (Fagus sylvatica), and willow (Salix spp.).

Timber 

475,000 cubic metres of timber is harvested annually to supply local sawmilling, chipboard, pulp and wood fuel customers. Most of this volume comes from clearfelling areas; an increasing percentage however is sourced from stands harvested under continuous cover silviculture systems. Clear felled areas are replanted with a mix of coniferous and broadleaf tree species, opportunities are also taken to increase the proportion of open space and to improved the riparian habitat. As with all Forestry Commission woodlands timber is independently certified under the Forest Stewardship Council scheme.

Environment 

The forest contains a number of sites of special scientific interest, primarily associated with the upland moorland environment. A programme of restoration of Border mires is ongoing. The forest is one of the last English strongholds of the European red squirrel, and provides excellent habitat for many species of birds of prey. In 2009 a pair of osprey (Pandion haliaetus) nested successfully in the forest. This pair have continued to nest here each year since, and a second pair nested in 2011.  In 2014 eight young were fledged and by 2016 there were three nesting osprey pairs hatching nine eggs.  A large population of roe deer is actively managed.

Due to the low human population and scarcity of roads and railways, Kielder forest was proposed in July 2016 as the preferred reintroduction site for the Eurasian lynx, which has been extinct in Britain for 1,300 years. 

Many archaeological remains can be found within the forest and are an important cultural link to the often turbulent history of the area.

Recreation 

Kielder Castle

Kielder Castle Visitor Centre is an 18th-century hunting lodge built by the Duke of Northumberland, which has been converted into a visitor and information centre. It is located on the edge of Kielder Village at the head of the River North Tyne valley.

The Castle serves as a hub for the growing number of recreational facilities on offer, walking and cycling trails, picnic areas and a forest drive.

A great football match is reported to have taken place between the men of Tynedale and Redesdale at Kielder Castle in 1790. 

Other attractions

The forest contains a number of art and architectural installations including a Skyspace  designed by James Turrell and Wave Chamber, a camera obscura in a stone cairn by Chris Drury.

The forest also contains Kielder Observatory which is an astronomical observatory.

In 2010, former British distance runner Steve Cram inaugurated the Kielder Marathon which is a circuit around the lake taking in the surrounding gentle contours.  

In the same decade the local authority began a reduction of late night street lights to enhance the dark skies of the park and sponsored observation facilities and advertising to attract visitors to the darkest skies in the mainland of Britain.
Question:
In which county would you find Kielder Forest?
Answer:
Northd
Passage:
Jimmy Tarbuck
James Joseph "Jimmy" Tarbuck, OBE (born 6 February 1940),  is an English comedian. He was a host of Sunday Night at the London Palladium in the early 1960s, and for his numerous hostings of game and quiz shows on ITV during the 1960s, and for leading ITV's Live From Her Majesty's and its subsequent incarnations during the 1980s. His daughter is the actress, television and radio presenter, Liza Tarbuck.

Biography

Growing up, Tarbuck attended Dovedale Primary School in Liverpool where he was a schoolmate of John Lennon.   His first television show was It's Tarbuck '65! on ITV in 1964,  and he was the last original host of Sunday Night at the London Palladium, from 1965. He has also hosted numerous quiz shows, including Winner Takes All, Full Swing, and Tarby's Frame Game.

In the 1980s, he hosted similar Sunday night variety shows, Live From Her Majesty's, Live from the Piccadilly and finally Live from the Palladium, which were produced by London Weekend Television for ITV. Nicknamed Tarby, he is a Conservative Party supporter,  and at the height of his celebrity was a prominent supporter of Margaret Thatcher and her policies, once baking her a cake for her 60th birthday in October 1985.

He was appearing on the fourth series of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing in 2006, but he was forced to pull out for medical reasons.  In 2008, he returned to a variety format on television screens when he co-hosted, alongside Emma Bunton, an edition of ITV1's variety show, For One Night Only. On 25 May 2012 he appeared on Piers Morgan's Life Stories while on 3 December 2012 he was invited to celebrate 100 years of the Royal Variety Performance.

He lives with his wife, Pauline, in Coombe, Kingston upon Thames, London.

On 26 April 2013, North Yorkshire Police arrested Tarbuck for questioning over an alleged sexual assault on a young boy in the 1970s.  Having been on police bail, on 24 March 2014, the force announced he would not be charged with any offence. 

In 2015, he and Des O'Connor starred in their own one-off show at the London Palladium to raise money for the new Royal Variety Charity. Due to the success of this show, they toured the country in 2016 from April to October. The venues they visited were (in chronological order), Southampton Mayflower Theatre, Leeds Grand Theatre, Southend Cliffs Pavilion, Bristol Hippodrome, Bournemouth International Centre, and Milton Keynes Theatre.

As of 2016 he continues to tour clubs and theatres around the UK with his comedy show, sometimes as a double act with Kenny Lynch.

Notes
Question:
What was the name of the golfing game show presented by Jimmy Tarbuck
Answer:
Full Swing (disambiguation)
Passage:
Top Ten Fastest 100 Meter Sprinters in History - Rankings.com
Top Ten Fastest 100 Meter Sprinters in History - Rankings.com
Awarding the best products, companies, and more
Top Ten Fastest 100 Meter Sprinters in History
Sprinters – Men’s 100 Metres (World Record: 9.58) by Usain Bolt at the ’09 World Championships)
1. Usain Bolt (Jamaica) – Fastest Time: 9.58 seconds
The 100m Olympic record (9.69) was set by Bolt at the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing.
2. Tyson Gay (United States) – Fastest Time: 9.69 seconds
During the 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials, Gay also ran a wind-aided 9.68 (once the fastest 100 m under any condition).
3. Asafa Powell (Jamaica) – Fastest Time: 9.72 seconds
Asafa Powell ran his fastest time, once the world record, during heats at the 2007 IAAF Rieti Grand Prix.
4. Maurice Greene (United States) – Fastest Time: 9.79 seconds
By the widest margin since electronic timing, Greene ran this since passed world record time in 1999.
5. Donovan Bailey (Canada) – Fastest Time: 9.84 seconds
Bailey returned Canada to glory with his 9.84 record-breaking run at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games.
6. Bruny Surin (Canada) – Fastest Time: 9.84 seconds
Surin’s second place finish of 9.84 at the 1999 World Championships was the fastest silver medal time ever.
7. Leroy Burrell (United States) – Fastest Time: 9.85 seconds
Burrell had twice set the world record in the 100 metres with a 9.90 in 1991 and a 9.85 in 1994.
8. Justin Gatlin (United States) – Fastest Time: 9.85 seconds
Gatlin’s fastest time was set at the 2004 Olympics with a gold metal winning 9.85 second run.
9. Olusoji Fasuba (Nigeria) – Fastest Time: 9.85 seconds
Fasuba holds the African 100 metre sprinting mark with a 9.85 at the Doha Grand Prix in 2006.
10. Carl Lewis (United States) – Fastest Time: 9.86 seconds
Track and Field star Carl Lewis has won nine Olympic gold medals and eight World Championship gold medals.
Sprinters – Women’s 100 Metres (World Record: 10.49 by Griffith-Joyner at the ’88 Olympic Trials)
1. Florence Griffith-Joyner (United States) – Fastest Time: 10.49 seconds
The 100m Olympic record (10.62) was set by Flo Jo at the 1988 Summer Games in Seoul.
2. Carmelita Jeter (United States) – Fastest Time: 10.64 seconds
Jeter ran a 10.67 at the 2009 World Athletics Final and a 10.64 at the 2009 Shanghai Golden Grand Prix.
3. Marion Jones (United States) – Fastest Time: 10.65 seconds
Jones won the 100 metre at the 1998 IAAF World Cup in South Africa with a time of 10.65.
4. Shelly-Ann Fraser (Jamaica) – Fastest Time: 10.73 seconds
Fraser, along with her Jamaican teammates, dominated the women’s 100m at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
5. Christine Arron (France) – Fastest Time: 10.73 seconds
Arron placed third in the 100m and 200m sprints at the 2005 World Championships in Paris.
6. Merlene Ottey (Jamaica) – Fastest Time: 10.74 seconds
Ottey has won more World Championships medals (14) than any other female sprinter in history.
7. Kerron Stewart (Jamaica) – Fastest Time: 10.75 seconds
Stewart won the silver medal in the women’s 100m at the 2008 Olympic Games and the 2009 Worlds.
8. Evelyn Ashford (United States) – Fastest Time: 10.76 seconds
A U.S. Track Hall of Fame athlete, Ashford set a later broken Olympic record at the 1984 Olympics.
9. Irina Privalova (Russia) – Fastest Time: 10.77 seconds
Privalova is a World Champion in numerous indoor events, and holds the indoor records for the 50m and 60m sprints.
10. Ivet Lalova (Bulgaria) – Fastest Time: 10.77 seconds
Lalova’s best 100 metre time was set in Plovdiv, Bulgaria in 2004 when she ran a 10.77.
Awarding the best products, companies, and more
Question:
What small country is famous for producing champion sprinters?
Answer:
Jamica
Passage:
Mr. Majestyk
Mr. Majestyk is a 1974 American action film directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Charles Bronson. The film is from an original screenplay written by author Elmore Leonard. He also wrote the novelization based on the movie, a reversal of the usual process of adaptation. Leonard took the title character's last name from a character in his 1969 crime novel The Big Bounce.

Plot

Vince Majestyk (Charles Bronson) is a farmer, a former U. S. Army Ranger instructor and Vietnam War veteran, who owns and operates a watermelon farm in rural Colorado. He needs to harvest his crop in order to keep the farm financially solvent.

A small-time hoodlum, Bobby Kopas (Paul Koslo), attempts to coerce Majestyk into a protection racket of using unskilled drunks to harvest his watermelon crop. Majestyk runs Kopas off (with his 12 gauge Winchester Model 1200 shotgun) and hires skilled Mexican migrant workers, including Nancy Chavez (Linda Cristal), a crops picker union leader. They begin a relationship. Kopas brings assault charges against Majestyk, resulting in the farmer being arrested and held in the local jail.

There he meets Frank Renda (Al Lettieri), a notorious mob hit man being transferred to a higher-security prison. Renda's men try to break him out of police custody during a prisoner transport by bus. In the escape attempt, Majestyk drives off in the bus with Renda still in handcuffs. Majestyk plans on trading Renda to the police in return for being released to finish his harvest. Renda offers his captor $25,000 for his freedom, but Majestyk just wants to get back to his melons.

With the help of his lawyer girlfriend Wiley (Lee Purcell), Renda escapes from Majestyk.  He meets up with his right-hand man Lundy and plans his revenge on Majestyk. Renda is advised to fly to Mexico to elude a police dragnet looking for him, but he wants revenge.  He tells his men to find the "melon picker" so that he can have the satisfaction of killing him personally.

Majestyk turns the tables. He sets a trap at Renda's cabin hideout. Renda betrays his own men, leading to Lundy's death and to Kopas being captured, prior to a final showdown between Majestyk and Renda.

Cast

* Charles Bronson as Vincent "Vince" Majestyk
* Al Lettieri as Frank Renda
* Linda Cristal as Nancy Chavez
* Lee Purcell as Wiley
* Paul Koslo as Bobby Kopas
* Taylor Lacher as Gene Lundy
* Frank Maxwell as Sheriff Detective Lieutenant John "Johnny" McAllen
* Alejandro Rey as Larry Mendoza
* Jordan Rhodes as Sheriff's Deputy Harold Richie
* Bert Santos as Julio Tomas

Production

The movie was filmed on location in La Junta, Colorado, Canon City, Colorado, Rocky Ford, Colorado, and Manzanola, Colorado.

Reception

The movie was popular with Bronson action film buffs. Howard Thompson of the New York Times said, "Except for some dutiful splattering of gore, it ticks along rather steadily, under Richard Fleischer's unruffled direction. There is a take-it-or-leave-it air that snugly suits the star's performance, or vice versa." 

Tie-ins

Ford Motor Company would use scenes licensed from the movie showing extreme driving of Majestyk's Ford Pickup truck during commercials for its 1974 F-150 model.
Question:
In the 1974 film ‘Mr Majestyk’, what does the title character, played by Charles Bronson, grow on his farm?
Answer:
Watermelons
Passage:
Ring My Bell
"Ring My Bell" is a 1979 disco song written by Frederick Knight. The song was originally written for then eleven-year-old Stacy Lattisaw, as a teenybopper song about kids talking on the telephone.  When Lattisaw signed with a different label, Anita Ward was asked to sing it instead, and it became her only major hit. 

Ward's single hit number one on the disco charts. "Ring My Bell" went to number one on both the Billboard Hot 100 chart and the Soul Singles chart. It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart. 

Instrumentation

The song is characterized by the sound of chimes and of the Synare electronic drum playing a decaying high-pitched tom tone.

Chart performance

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

Sales and certifications
Question:
Who had a U.K. No 1 in the 70's with Ring My Bell
Answer:
Anita Ward
Passage:
Caroline Graham
Caroline Graham (born 17 July 1931) is an English playwright, screenwriter and novelist.

Biography

Graham was born in Nuneaton, studied with the Open University, and received a degree in writing for the theatre from the University of Birmingham. She currently resides in Suffolk. 

Writing

Her first published book was Fire Dance (1982), a romance novel. She is best known as the writer of the Chief Inspector Barnaby series, dramatised for television as Midsomer Murders. The first Inspector Barnaby novel, The Killings at Badger's Drift, was published in 1988. Since then she has written six more, with the last novel A Ghost in the Machine published in 2004. The first five Inspector Barnaby novels formed the bases of the first five episodes of Midsomer Murders. She has also written for the soap opera Crossroads. She has appeared in a series on detective writers titled Super Sleuths (2006)  and was the narrator for all six episodes of The People's Detective (2010), as well as appearing in episode 3 on her character, Inspector Barnaby.  

Bibliography

Chief Inspector Barnaby series

*  The Killings at Badger's Drift, 1987
*  Death of a Hollow Man, 1989
*  Death in Disguise, 1992
*  Written in Blood, 1994
*  Faithful unto Death, 1996
*  A Place of Safety, 1999
*  A Ghost in the Machine, 2004

Other works

*  Fire Dance, 1982
*  The Envy of the Stranger, 1984
*  Murder at Madingley Grange, 1990

Awards

The Killings at Badger's Drift was well received by the mystery community. It was named by the Crime Writers' Association as one of "The Top 100 Crime Novels of All Time". It also won the 1989 Macavity Award for "Best First Novel" and was nominated for the same honour at the 1989 Anthony Awards and the 1988 Agatha Awards.
Question:
Which long running television detective series is based upon the novels of Caroline Graham?
Answer:
Midsummer Murders
Passage:
Jure Grando
Jure Grando Alilovič or Giure Grando  (1579 - 1656) was a villager from the region of Istria  in modern-day Croatia) who may have been the first real person described as a vampire in historical records.  He was referred to as a strigoi, štrigon or štrigun, a local word for something resembling a vampire and a warlock. 

History 

Jure Grando lived in Kringa, a small town in the interior of the Istrian peninsula near Tinjan. He died in 1656 due to illness but according to legend, returned from the grave at night as a vampire (štrigon) and terrorised his village until his decapitation in 1672. Ana and Nikola Alilovič, daughter and son of Jure, fled from Istria to Volterra, Italy at young ages. 

Legend 

The legend tells that, for 16 years after his death, Jure would arise from his grave by night and terrorise the village.   The village priest, Giorgio, who had buried Jure sixteen years previously discovered that at night somebody would knock on the doors around the village, and on whichever door he knocked, someone from that house would die within the next few days.

Jure also appeared to his terrified widow in her bedroom, who described the corpse as looking as though he was smiling and gasping for breath, and would then sexually assault her.  When Father Giorgio eventually came face to face with the vampire, he held out a cross in front of him and yelled "Behold Jesus Christ, you vampire! Stop tormenting us!"

The bravest of the villagers led by the prefect Miho Radetić chased and tried to kill the vampire by piercing his heart with a hawthorn stick, but failed because the stick just bounced off of his chest. One night later, nine people went to the graveyard, carrying a cross, lamps and a hawthorn stick. They dug up Jure's coffin, and found a perfectly preserved corpse with a smile on its face.  Father Giorgio said: "Look, štrigon, there is Jesus Christ who saved us from hell and died for us. And you, štrigon, you cannot have peace!" They then tried to pierce its heart again, but the stick could not penetrate its flesh.

After some exorcism prayers, Stipan Milašić (one of the villagers), took a saw and sawed the head off the corpse. As soon as the saw tore his skin, the vampire screamed and blood started to flow from the cut. According to folklore, peace finally returned to the region after Jure's decapitation.

Writings

Carniolan scientist Johann Weikhard von Valvasor wrote about Jure Grando Alilovič's life and afterlife in his extensive work The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola when he visited Kringa during his travels.   This was the first written document on vampires.  Grando was also mentioned in writings by Erasmus Francisci and Johann Joseph von Goerres (La mystique divina, naturelle, et diabolique, Paris 1855), whose story was much more elaborate, full of fantastic details to make the story more interesting and sensational. In modern times, Croatian writer Boris Perić has researched the legend and written a book (The Vampire) on the story.

Modern times

Today, Kringa has embraced the story of Jure Grando Alilovič and have opened up a vampire themed bar aimed at attracting tourists to the town. The Juraj Dobrila gymnasium in Pazin created a short film called "Vampire of My Homeland" (Vampir moga zavičaja) based on the writings from Valvasor. 

The folklore related to the štrigun has recently been documented and examined by numerous scientists at the University of Zagreb.
Question:
Alberto Grando, who died in 2011 aged 88, was whose motorcycle companion in the 1950s?
Answer:
Dr. Adolfo Mena Gonzalez
Passage:
Particle
A particle is a minute fragment or quantity of matter. In the physical sciences, a particle is a small localized object to which can be ascribed several physical or chemical properties such as volume or mass.  They vary greatly in size, from subatomic particles like the electron, to microscopic particles like atoms and molecules, to macroscopic particles like powders and other granular materials. Particles can also be used to create scientific models of even larger objects, such as humans moving in a crowd.

The term is rather general in meaning, and is refined as needed by various scientific fields. Something that is composed of particles may be referred to as being particulate.  However, the term particulate is most frequently used to refer to pollutants in the Earth's atmosphere, which are a suspension of unconnected particles, rather than a connected particle aggregation. 

Conceptual properties

The concept of particles is particularly useful when modelling nature, as the full treatment of many phenomena is complex.  It can be used to make simplifying assumptions concerning the processes involved. Francis Sears and Mark Zemansky, in University Physics, give the example of calculating the landing location and speed of a baseball thrown in the air. They gradually strip the baseball of most of its properties, by first idealizing it as a rigid smooth sphere, then by neglecting rotation, buoyancy and  friction, ultimately reducing the problem to the ballistics of a classical point particle.  The treatment of large numbers of particles is the realm of statistical physics. 

Size

The term "particle" is usually applied differently to three classes of sizes. The term macroscopic particle, usually refers to particles much larger than atoms and molecules. These are usually abstracted as point-like particles, even though they have volumes, shapes, structures, etc. Examples of macroscopic particles would include powder, dust, sand, pieces of debris during a car accident, or even objects as big as the stars of a galaxy.  

Another type, microscopic particles usually refers to particles of sizes ranging from atoms to molecules, such as carbon dioxide, nanoparticles, and colloidal particles. These particles are studied in chemistry, as well as atomic and molecular physics. The smallest of particles are the subatomic particles, which refer to particles smaller than atoms.  These would include particles such as the constituents of atoms – protons, neutrons, and electrons – as well as other types of particles which can only be produced in particle accelerators or cosmic rays. These particles are studied in particle physics.

Because of their extremely small size, the study of microscopic and subatomic particles fall in the realm of quantum mechanics. They will exhibit phenomena demonstrated in the particle in a box model,   including wave–particle duality,   and whether particles can be considered distinct or identical   is an important question in many situations.

Composition

Particles can also be classified according to composition. Composite particles refer to particles that have composition – that is particles which are made of other particles.  For example, a carbon-14 atom is made of six protons, eight neutrons, and six electrons. By contrast, elementary particles (also called fundamental particles) refer to particles that are not made of other particles.  According to our current understanding of the world, only a very small number of these exist, such as the leptons, quarks or gluons. However it is possible that some of these  might turn up to be composite particles after all, and merely appear to be elementary for the moment.  While composite particles can very often be considered point-like, elementary particles are truly punctual. 

Stability

Both elementary (such as muons) and composite particles (such as uranium nuclei), are known to undergo particle decay. Those that do not are called stable particles, such as the electron or a helium-4 nucleus. The lifetime of stable particles can be either infinite or large enough to hinder attempts to observe such decays. In the latter case, those particles are called "observationally stable". In general, a particle decays from a high-energy state to a lower-energy state by emitting some form of radiation, such as the emission of photons.

N-body simulation

In computational physics, N-body simulations (also called N-particle simulations) are simulations of dynamical systems of particles under the influence of certain conditions, such as being subject to gravity.
 These simulations are very common in cosmology and computational fluid dynamics.

N refers to the number of particles considered. As simulations with higher N are more computationally intensive, systems with large numbers of actual particles will often be approximated to a smaller number of particles, and simulation algorithms need to be optimized through various methods.

Distribution of particles

Colloidal particles are the components of a colloid. A colloid is a substance microscopically dispersed evenly throughout another substance.  Such colloidal system can be solid, liquid, or gaseous; as well as continuous or dispersed. The dispersed-phase particles have a diameter of between approximately 5 and 200 nanometers.  Soluble particles smaller than this will form a solution as opposed to a colloid. Colloidal systems (also called colloidal solutions or colloidal suspensions) are the subject of interface and colloid science.  Suspended solids may be held in a liquid, while solid or liquid particles suspended in a gas together form an aerosol. Particles may also be suspended in the form of atmospheric particulate matter, which may constitute air pollution. Larger particles can similarly form marine debris or space debris. A conglomeration of discrete solid, macroscopic particles may be described as a granular material.
Question:
A particle of alpha radiation is a nucleus of an atom of which element?
Answer:
Solid Helium
Passage:
Gold medal
A gold medal is the highest medal awarded for highest achievement in a non-military field. Its name derives from the use of at least a fraction of gold in form of plating or alloying in its manufacture. The award concept arose in the military, initially by simple recognition of military rank, and later by decorations for admission to military orders dating back to medieval times.

Since the eighteenth century, gold medals have been awarded in the arts, for example, by the Royal Danish Academy, usually as a symbol of an award to give an outstanding student some financial freedom. Others offer only the prestige of the award. Many organizations now award gold medals either annually or extraordinarily, including UNESCO and various academic societies.

While some gold medals are solid gold, others are gold-plated or silver-gilt, like those of the Olympic Games, the Lorentz Medal, the United States Congressional Gold Medal (displayed to the right) and the Nobel Prize medal. Nobel Prize medals consist of 18 carat green gold plated with 24 carat gold. Before 1980 they were struck in 23 carat gold.

Military origins

Before the establishment of standard military awards, e.g., the Medal of Honor, it was common practice to have a medal specially created to provide national recognition for a significant military or naval victory or accomplishment. In the United States, Congress would enact a resolution asking the President to reward those responsible. The commanding officer would receive a gold medal and his officers silver medals.  Other countries similarly honored their military and naval victors in a similar fashion.

Competition medals

Medals have historically been given as prizes in various types of competitive activities, especially athletics.

Traditionally, medals are made of the following metals:

# Gold (or another yellow metal, e.g., brass)
# Silver (or another grey metal, e.g., steel)
# Bronze

Occasionally, Platinum medals can be awarded.

These metals designate the first three Ages of Man in Greek mythology: the Golden Age, when men lived among the gods, the Silver Age, where youth lasted a hundred years, and the Bronze Age, the era of heroes.

The custom of awarding the sequence of gold, silver, and bronze medals for the first three highest achievers dates from at least the 19th century, with the National Association of Amateur Athletes in the United States awarding such medals as early as 1884. 

This standard was adopted for Olympic competition at the 1904 Summer Olympics. At the 1896 event, silver was awarded to winners and bronze to runners-up, while at 1900 other prizes were given, not medals.

Olympic Games

At the modern Olympic Games, winners of a sporting discipline receive a gold medal in recognition of their achievement.

At the Ancient Olympic Games only one winner per event was crowned with kotinos, an olive wreath made of wild olive leaves from a sacred tree near the temple of Zeus at Olympia. Aristophanes in Plutus makes a remark why victorious athletes are crowned with wreath made of wild olive instead of gold.  
Herodotus describes a story that explains why there were only a few Greek men at the Battle of Thermopylae since "all other men were participating in the Olympic Games" and that the prize for the winner was "an olive-wreath". When Tigranes, an Armenian general learned this, he uttered to his leader: "Good heavens! what kind of men are these against whom you have brought us to fight? Men who do not compete for possessions, but for honour".  Hence medals were not awarded at the ancient Olympic Games.

At the 1896 Summer Olympics, winners received a silver medal and the second-place finisher received a bronze medal. In 1900, most winners received cups or trophies instead of medals. The next three Olympics (1904, 1908, 1912) awarded the winners solid gold medals, but the medals themselves were smaller. The use of gold rapidly declined with the onset of the First World War and also with the onset of the Second World War.  The last series of Olympic medals to be made of solid gold were awarded at the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm, Sweden.

Olympic Gold medals are required to be made from at least 92.5% silver, and must contain a minimum of 6 grams of gold. All Olympic medals must be at least 60mm in diameter and 3mm thick. Minting the medals is the responsibility of the Olympic host. From 1928 through 1968 the design was always the same: the obverse showed a generic design by Florentine artist Giuseppe Cassioli of Greek goddess Nike with Rome's Colloseum in the background and text naming the host city; the reverse showed another generic design of Nike saluting an Olympic champion.

From the 1972 Summer Olympics through 2000, Cassioli's design (or a slight modification) remained on the obverse with a custom design by the host city on the reverse. Noting that Cassioli's design showed a Roman amphitheater for what originally were Greek games, a new obverse design was commissioned for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. For the 2008 Beijing Olympics medals had a diameter of 70mm and were 6mm thick, with the front displaying a winged figure of victory and the back showed a Beijing Olympics symbol surrounded by an inset jade circle.

Winter Olympics medals have been of more varied design. The silver and bronze medals have always borne the same designs.

Other gold medal awards

The award of a gold medal, often coupled with the award of silver and bronze medals to the next place finishers, has been adopted in other competitive fields, such as music and writing, as well as some competitive games. Typically bronze medals are awarded only to third place, but in some contests there is some variety, such as International barbershop music contests where bronze medals are awarded for third, fourth, and fifth place.
Question:
How many gold medals did Jesse Owens win at the 1936 Berlin Olympics?
Answer:
four
Passage:
Glass's Guide
Glass’s Guide is the leading British motor trades guide to used car prices, often referred to in the trade as "The Bible."

Monitoring car values for over 80 years since 1933, Glass’s Guide has reflected how cars have become increasingly affordable. For example, in the 1930s the £145 list price for a Ford 10 De Luxe, including £5 for an optional sliding roof, was the equivalent of almost two years’ salary. Today, a Ford Mondeo 1.8i LX, with a list price of £14,465, represents the equivalent of just seven months’ salary for a person earning the UK average wage.

William Glass

William Glass was born in Scotland in 1881 and was an engineer by trade. As well as publishing the first Guide to Used Vehicle Values, Glass had an innovative and enquiring mind and made a number of inventions including the portable hydraulic jack, the electric switch-off kettle, the self-filling fountain pen and the through-the-propeller machine gun firing mechanism.

The founder of Glass’s Guide also manufactured cars under the Firefly marque for a short period of time in Croydon. Glass’s other innovations included the first motor auction and the first uniformed attendants at petrol filling stations.

Glass’s history

William Glass founded Glass’s in 1933 and published the first Glass’s Guide to Car Values in July that year. The company expanded into commercial vehicle, motorcycle and caravan values in the 1950s and ’60s, and today provides customers with information in print, electronic and online formats.

*1930s - In 1933 William Glass first publishes Glass’s Guide to Car Values which quickly becomes the “Bible” of the UK motor trade
*1950s - Hanns W. Schwacke applies the same idea in Germany becoming the first of its kind in continental Europe.
*1960s - Hanns W. Schwacke expands the business in Europe under the international brand “Eurotax”.  Glass’s launches used valuations Guides for commercial vehicles and motorcycles in the UK.
*1970s - The first estimation system, including parts prices and labour costs for all makes and models, is launched.
*1980s - Glass’s introduces the PC version of Glass’s Guide and acquires Editions Professionelles Glass  SARL (EPG) France.  Eurotax launches the AutoWert workplace software which becomes the standard for over 50,000 users across Europe.
*1990s - Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst the private equity group acquires Glass's Information Systems Ltd in 1998 and Eurotax AG in 2000. The companies are merged to form EurotaxGlass's AG, registered in Freienbach, Switzerland. 
*2006 - Candover buy the business from renamed HM Capital for €480 million[http://www.autoindustry.co.uk/news/17-05-06_14 Candover buys EurotaxGlass’s; keeps management in place - News - Auto Industry]
Question:
'Glass's Guide' is a publication to interest a buyer of what?
Answer:
C.a.R.
Passage:
Crufts 2012 winner: Llasa apso Elizabeth ... - Mail Online
Crufts 2012 winner: Llasa apso Elizabeth beats 21,000 dogs to be named Best in Show | Daily Mail Online
comments
With her sleek blonde hair, Elizabeth is the perfectly groomed queen of the dog world.
The seven-year-old lhasa apso beat stiff competition from more than 21,000 other dogs to be crowned Best in Show at Crufts last night.
Having already won Best of Breed and then Best in Group in previous rounds of the four-day contest, Elizabeth was awarded the trophy after taking a lap of honour with six dogs who had won the group stages.
Petite blonde: Owner Margaret Anderson celebrates with Lhasa Apso Elizabeth after winning Best in Show on the final day of Crufts in Birmingham
She was judged at the NEC in Birmingham on the quality of her overall health and condition, coat, character, temperament, movement, and how close she came to the Kennel Club Breed Standard.
Her delighted owner, Margaret Anderson, from Coventry, said: 'She's a very easy-going dog, she's very laid back.
RELATED ARTICLES
Share
'She's always loved her show career, the bigger the applause the more she loves it.
'I'm, sure somebody's going to pinch me in a minute and I'll wake up and it'll all be a dream.
'It hasn't sunk at all. I'll go home and probably burst out crying.'
Proud: Elizabeth takes a moment to look at her trophy
Elizabeth may well go out on a high with her Crufts win and retire from the spotlight, Ms Anderson said.
'To take her out again to be beaten seems silly somehow,' said proud Ms Anderson.
'Although she's still a young baby, she's seven and in Lhasa Apso that's still quite young.'
Speaking after Elizabeth won the Best in Group round last week, Kennel Club spokesman Caroline Kisko had said: 'She is such a lovely dog that clearly loves being in the show ring and has a great relationship with her handler.'
Serious work: Ms Anderson takes Elizabeth through her paces
The reserve Best in Show title went to Brutus, a three-year-old Newfoundland from Slovakia, and his owner Sonia Krockovci.
And a devoted spaniel who worked as a bomb detector stole the public's heart to be voted winner of the Friends for Life award.
Buster, who is retiring to live with RAF Police Sergeant Michael Barrow, completed five tours of duty in Bosnia, Iraq and Afghanistan.
There, he saved countless lives by sniffing out suicide bombers wearing explosive vests.
Question:
What award was won by a Lhaso Apso in 2012 ?
Answer:
BEST IN SHOW AT CRUFTS
Passage:
Tagetes
Tagetes   is a genus   of annual or perennial, mostly herbaceous plants in the sunflower family (Asteraceae or Compositae). It was described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753.  

The genus is native to North and South America, but some species have become naturalized around the world. One species, T. minuta, is considered a noxious invasive plant in some areas.

Description

Tagetes species vary in size from 0.1 to 2.2 m tall. Most species have pinnate green leaves.  Blooms  naturally occur in golden, orange, yellow, and white colors, often with maroon highlights.  Floral heads are typically (1-) to 4–6 cm diameter, generally with both ray florets and disc florets. In horticulture, they tend to be planted as annuals, although the perennial species are gaining popularity.

Depending on the species, Tagetes species grow well in almost any sort of soil. Most horticultural selections grow best in soil with good drainage, even though some cultivars are known to have good tolerance to drought. 

Nomenclature

The name Tagetes is from the name of the Etruscan Tages. 

The common name in English, "marigold", is derived from "Mary's gold", a name first applied to a similar plant native to Europe, Calendula officinalis.  See marigold for other plants commonly called marigold. In Nepal, it is called 'शयपत्री' that means hundred-leafed flower, referring to its many florets per head.

The most commonly cultivated varieties of Tagetes are known variously as African marigolds (usually referring to cultivars and hybrids of Tagetes erecta, although this species is not native to Africa), or French marigolds (usually referring to hybrids and cultivars of Tagetes patula, many of which were developed in France, although the species is not native to that country).   The so-called signet marigolds are hybrids derived mostly from Tagetes tenuifolia.

Tagetes minuta is the source of commercial "tagetes oil" used in industry.  It is now a naturalized species in Africa, Hawaii, and Australia, and is considered an invasive species (weed) in some regions.

Cultivation and uses 

Depending on the species, marigold foliage has a musky, pungent scent, though some varieties have been bred to be scentless. It is said to deter some common insect pests, as well as nematodes.  Tagetes species are hence often used in companion planting for tomato, eggplant, chili pepper, tobacco, and potato. Due to antibacterial thiophenes exuded by the roots, Tagetes should not be planted near any legume crop.   Some of the perennial species are deer-, rabbit-, rodent- and javalina or peccary-resistant.

T. minuta (khakibush or huacatay), originally from South America, has been used as a source of essential oil for the perfume and industry known as tagette or "marigold oil", and as a flavourant in the food and tobacco industries.  It is commonly cultivated in South Africa, where the species is also a useful pioneer plant in the reclamation of disturbed land.

The florets of Tagetes erecta are rich in the orange-yellow carotenoid lutein and are used as a food colour (INS-number E161b) in the European Union for foods such as pasta, vegetable oil, margarine, mayonnaise, salad dressing, baked goods, confectionery, dairy products, ice cream, yogurt, citrus juice and mustard. In the United States, however, the powders and extracts are only approved as colorants in poultry feed.

Marigolds are recorded as a food plant for some Lepidoptera caterpillars including the dot moth, and a nectar source for other butterflies. They are often part of butterfly gardening plantings.  In the wild, many species are pollinated by beetles.

Cultural significance 

Tagetes lucida

The species Tagetes lucida, known as pericón, is used to prepare a sweetish, anise-flavored medicinal tea in Mexico.  It is also used as a culinary herb in many warm climates, as a substitute for tarragon, and offered in the nursery as "Texas tarragon" or "Mexican mint marigold".

Tagetes  minuta

Tagetes minuta, native to southern South America, is a tall, upright marigold plant with small flowers used as a culinary herb in Peru, Ecuador, and parts of Chile and Bolivia, where it is called by the Incan term huacatay. The paste is used to make the popular potato dish called ocopa.  Having both "green" and "yellow/orange" notes, the taste and odor of fresh T. minuta is like a mixture of sweet basil, tarragon, mint and citrus.
It is also used as a medicinal tea in some areas. 

Tagetes - various species

The marigold is very significant in Nepalese culture, where marigold garlands are used almost in every household, especially during the Tihar festival. It is always sold in the markets for daily worships and rituals.

The marigold was regarded as the flower of the dead in pre-Hispanic Mexico, parallel to the lily in Europe, and is still widely used in the Day of the Dead celebrations.   The marigold is also widely cultivated in India and Thailand, particularly the species T. erecta, T. patula, and T. tenuifolia. Vast quantities of marigolds are used in garlands and decoration for weddings, festivals, and religious events. Marigold cultivation is extensively seen in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Karnataka, and Uttar Pradesh  states of India.

In Ukraine, chornobryvtsi (T. erecta, T. patula, and the signet marigold, l. tenuifolia) are regarded as one of the national symbols, and are often mentioned in songs, poems, and tales.

Species 

;accepted species 

Gallery 

File:Red_Marigold.jpg| Tagetes patula (Hybrid Marigold)
Tagetes-DSCN2062.JPG|Tagetes patula
Image:TagetesPatulaYellow.jpg |(Tagetes spp.)
Image:Tagetes-anatomy.jpg|Tagetes anatomy
Image:Tagetes-flower grow-1.jpg|Growing Tagetes flower
Image:Tagetes-flower grow-2.jpg|Growing Tagetes flower
Image:Tagetes-flower grow-3.jpg|Growing Tagetes flower
File:Marigoldjf.JPG|'Maxima Yellow' (Philippines)
Image:Marigold_Flower_%27Genda_ful%27.jpg
File:R10 kamera049be22.jpg
Question:
What is the common name of garden plants in the Tagetes genus and Calendula genus?
Answer:
Marigold (film)
Passage:
procumbent - definition of procumbent in English from the ...
procumbent - definition of procumbent in English | Oxford Dictionaries
Definition of procumbent in English:
procumbent
(of a plant or stem) growing along the ground without throwing out roots:
‘some forms have long procumbent branches’
More example sentences
‘One example is procumbent rosemary, used extensively as a ground cover and sheared several times a year.’
‘Species of Cylindropuntia and Opuntia cactus have a wide range of morphologies from tall, tree-like forms to procumbent forms.’
‘Charnia evidently had a procumbent mode of life on a soft muddy substrate.’
‘Finally, this work represents part of a long-term research effort in which mechanical architectures are being investigated in terms of the evolution of architectures of trees, shrubs, lianas and procumbent growth forms.’
Synonyms
View synonyms
Origin
Mid 17th century: from Latin procumbent- falling forwards, from the verb procumbere, from pro- forwards, down + a verb related to cubare to lie.
Pronunciation
Which of these is written in the passive?
The family were shocked
The storm shocked the family
Which of these is written in the passive?
Steven punctured the football
Which of these is written in the passive?
The family watched the TV show
The TV show was watched
Which of these is written in the passive?
The bone was chewed
The dog chewed the bone
Which of these is written in the passive?
The house was burgled
The gang burgled the house
Which of these is written in the passive?
The glass was broken
Which of these is written in the passive?
The child read the book
The book was read
Which of these is written in the passive?
Sarah planted the flowers
Which of these is written in the passive?
Dan washed the dishes
Which of these is written in the passive?
The boy was saved
You scored /10 practise again?
Retry
Question:
What are 'procumbent plants used for?
Answer:
Groundcovers
Passage:
Fuller's earth
Fuller's earth is any clay material that has the capability to decolorize oil or other liquids without chemical treatment.  Fuller's earth typically consists of palygorskite (attapulgite) or bentonite.

Modern uses of fuller's earth include absorbents for oil, grease, and animal waste (cat litter) and as a carrier for pesticides and fertilizers.  Minor uses include filtering, clarifying, and decolorizing; and as filler in paint, plaster, adhesives, and pharmaceuticals.

Etymology 

The name reflects the historic use of the material for cleaning or "fulling" wool by textile workers called "fullers".  In past centuries, fullers kneaded fuller's earth and water into woollen cloth to absorb lanolin, oils, and other greasy impurities as part of the cloth finishing process.

Fuller's earth is also sometimes called "bleaching clay", probably because fulling whitened the cloth.

Occurrence and composition 

Fuller's earth consists primarily of hydrous aluminum silicates (clay minerals) of varying composition. Common components are montmorillonite, kaolinite and attapulgite. Small amounts of other minerals may be present in fuller's earth deposits, including calcite, dolomite, and quartz. In some localities fuller's earth refers to calcium bentonite, which is altered volcanic ash composed mostly of montmorillonite. 

In 2005, the United States was the largest producer of fuller's earth with an almost 70% world share followed at a distance by Japan and Mexico. In the United States fuller's earth is typically derived from deposits of volcanic ash of Cretaceous age and younger (glacial clays do not form fuller's earth). Fuller's earth deposits have been mined in 24 states.

In the United Kingdom, fuller's earth occurs mainly in England. It has been mined in the Lower Greensand Group and the Vale of White Horse, Oxfordshire. The Combe Hay Mine was a fuller's earth mine operating to the south of Bath, Somerset until 1979.  Other sites south of Bath included Frome, Lonsdale, Englishcombe, Tucking Mill and Duncorn Hill.  Although these sites had been used since Roman times, William Smith developed new methods for the identification of deposits of fuller's earth to the south of Bath.  Other English sources include a mine near Redhill, Surrey (worked until 2000), and Woburn, Bedfordshire, where production ceased in 2004.

Hills, cliffs, and slopes that contain fuller's earth can be unstable, since this material can be thixotropic when saturated by heavy rainfall.

Uses 

In addition to its original use in the fulling of raw fibers, fuller's earth is now utilized in a number of industries. Most important applications make use of the minerals' natural absorbent properties in products sold as absorbents or filters.

* Decontamination: Fuller's earth is used by military and civil emergency service personnel to decontaminate the clothing and equipment of servicemen and CBRN (Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear) responders who have been contaminated with chemical agents.  
* Cleaning agent: In the Indian subcontinent, it has been used for centuries to clean marble. As a good absorbent, it removes dust, dirt, impurities and stains from the surface and replenishes the shine of the marble. It has been used numerous times to clean the Taj Mahal, India with positive results. 
* Litter box: Since the late 1940s, fuller's earth has been used in commercial cat litter.
* Film industry: Fuller's earth has been used extensively for many years in motion pictures for a variety of applications. In the area of special effects, it is used in pyrotechnics explosions and dust clouds, because it spreads farther and higher than most natural soils, resulting in a blast that looks larger.  It is also safer than naturally-occurring soil, should the blast spray hit actors. The material was used in the famous tornado sequence in The Wizard of Oz as the artificial twister plowed its way toward the farmhouse.  Fuller's earth is also widely used by the make-up, props, wardrobe, and  set dresser departments, because it is considered a "clean" dirt, safer to use around people, and it cleans up easily.  However, health concerns in this regard have been debated.   Fuller's earth is available in small quantities by make-up suppliers for use in making the face and body appear dirty.   It is used by props technicians to make furniture look dusty.  Wardrobe dressers use a small, loose-mesh cloth bag filled with fuller's earth to apply it to clothing to make it appear dusty.  Set dressers use fuller's earth to change paved streets into dirt roads, to create dust trailing from a moving vehicle over a dirt road, or to indicate a vehicle trail over untraveled ground.
Question:
The occupational surname Fuller, referred to a worker (who used 'Fuller's Earth') of?
Answer:
Australian wool
Passage:
Kniphofia
Kniphofia,  also called tritoma, red hot poker, torch lily, knofflers or poker plant, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asphodelaceae, first described as a genus in 1794.  It is native to Africa. Herbaceous species and hybrids have narrow, grass-like leaves 10 - long, while perennial species have broader, strap-shaped foliage up to  long. All plants produce spikes of upright, brightly colored flowers well above the foliage, in shades of red, orange and yellow, often bicoloured. The flowers produce copious nectar while blooming and are attractive to bees.  In the New World they may attract sap-suckers such as hummingbirds and New World orioles.

The Kniphofia genus is named after Johann Hieronymus Kniphof, an 18th-century German physician and botanist.

Cultivars

In addition to the species, many named cultivars of mixed or uncertain parentage have been selected for garden use. The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-
*'Bees' Sunset'  (yellow)
*'Brimstone Bloom'  (sulphur yellow)
*'Buttercup'  (clear yellow)
*'Nobilis'  (evergreen, orange and yellow)
*K. rooperi  (evergreen, oval spikes of red and yellow flowers)
*'Royal Standard'  (red and yellow)
*'Samuel's Sensation'  (tall herbaceous variety, scarlet flowers fading to yellow at the base)
*'Sunningdale Yellow'  (orange-yellow)
*'Tawny King'  (cream/brown)
*'Toffee Nosed'  (cream/brown)
*'Wrexham Buttercup'  (yellow)

;Species[http://apps.kew.org/wcsp/namedetail.do?name_id
279713 Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families]
# Kniphofia acraea Codd - Cape Province of South Africa 
# Kniphofia albescens Codd - Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia albomontana Baijnath - Lesotho, South Africa 
# Kniphofia angustifolia (Baker) Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia ankaratrensis Baker - Madagascar 
# Kniphofia baurii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia benguellensis Welw. ex Baker - Angola, Zambia 
# Kniphofia bequaertii De Wild. - Zaïre, Tanzania, Burundi, Rwanda, Uganda 
# Kniphofia brachystachya (Zahlbr.) Codd - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia breviflora Harv. ex Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Free State 
# Kniphofia bruceae (Codd) Codd - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia buchananii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia caulescens Baker - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province, Free State 
# Kniphofia citrina Baker - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia coddiana Cufod. - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia coralligemma E.A.Bruce - Limpopo 
# Kniphofia crassifolia Baker - Limpopo 
# Kniphofia drepanophylla Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia dubia De Wild - Zaire, Tanzania, Zambia, Angola 
# Kniphofia ensifolia Baker - South Africa 
# Kniphofia × erythraeae Fiori - Eritrea     (K. pumila × K. schimperi) 
# Kniphofia evansii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia fibrosa Baker  - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia flammula Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia fluviatilis Codd - South Africa 
# Kniphofia foliosa Hochst. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia galpinii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Swaziland, Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia goetzei Engl. - Tanzania 
# Kniphofia gracilis Harv. ex Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia grantii Baker - Zaïre, Tanzania, Zambia, Rwanda, Burundi, Uganda, Malawi 
# Kniphofia hildebrandtii Cufod. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia hirsuta Codd - Lesotho, Cape Province 
# Kniphofia ichopensis Schinz - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia insignis Rendle - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia isoetifolia Hochst. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia latifolia Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia laxiflora Kunth - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia leucocephala Baijnath - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia linearifolia Baker - Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Lesotho, Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia littoralis Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia marungensis Lisowski & Wiland - Zaïre 
# Kniphofia mulanjeana S.Blackmore - Mt. Mulanje in Malawi 
# Kniphofia multiflora J.M.Wood & M.S.Evans - Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia nana Marais - Zaïre 
# Kniphofia northiae Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia nubigena Mildbr. - Sudan 
# Kniphofia pallidiflora Baker - Massif de l' Ankaratra in Madagascar 
# Kniphofia paludosa Engl - Elton Plateau in Tanzania 
# Kniphofia parviflora Kunth - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia pauciflora Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia porphyrantha Baker - Lesotho, Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia praecox Baker - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia princeae (A.Berger) Marais - Zaïre, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Malawi 
# Kniphofia pumila (Aiton) Kunth - Zaïre, Kenya, Uganda, South Sudan, Ethiopia, Eritrea 
# Kniphofia reflexa Hutch. ex Codd - Nigeria, Cameroon  (endangered)  
# Kniphofia reynoldsii Codd - Tanzania, Zambia 
# Kniphofia rigidifolia E.A.Bruce - Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia ritualis Codd - Free State, Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia rooperi (T.Moore) Lem. - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia sarmentosa (Andrews) Kunth - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia schimperi Baker - Ethiopia, Eritrea 
# Kniphofia splendida E.A.Bruce - Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, northeastern South Africa, Swaziland  
# Kniphofia stricta Codd - Cape Province, Lesotho 
# Kniphofia sumarae Deflers - Ibb Mountains of Yemen 
# Kniphofia tabularis Marloth - Cape Province 
# Kniphofia thodei Baker  - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia thomsonii Baker - Zaïre, Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia triangularis Kunth - Lesotho, South Africa 
# Kniphofia typhoides Codd - Limpopo, KwaZulu-Natal, Free State, Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia tysonii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province, Swaziland 
# Kniphofia umbrina Codd - Swaziland 
# Kniphofia uvaria  (L.) Oken - - Cape Province; naturalized in Mexico, North Carolina, Spain, Oregon, Turkey, Washington State, St. Helena, California 
#

Gallery 

File:Yellow Kniphofia 1.jpg|Yellow Kniphofia
Image:Kniphofia 'Shenandoah' Flower 2112px.jpg|'Shenandoah' Red Hot Poker
File:Kniphofia uvaria einzeln.JPG|Kniphofia uvaria
File:Kniphofia foliosa.jpg|Kniphofia foliosa in Simien Mountains National Park, Ethiopia
Question:
The garden flower Kniphofia sometimes known as the ‘Torch Lily’ is more commonly known by what name?
Answer:
Torch lily
Passage:
It girl
An "It Girl" is slang for a beautiful, stylish young woman who possesses sex appeal without flaunting her sexuality. The phrase is believed to have originated as in British upper class society around the turn of the 20th century.  An early literary usage of the term "it" in this context may be traced to a 1904 short story by Rudyard Kipling: "It isn't beauty, so to speak, nor good talk necessarily. It's just 'It'." The expression reached global attention in 1927, with the popularity of the Paramount Studios film It, starring Clara Bow.  Elinor Glyn, the notorious English novelist who wrote the book It and the screenplay based on it, lectured: "With 'It,' you win all men if you are a woman and all women if you are a man. 'It' can be a quality of the mind as well as a physical attraction."  Glyn, who first rose to fame as the author of the scandalous 1907 bestseller Three Weeks, is usually credited with the invention of the "It Girl" concept, although it predates her book and movie. But she is definitely responsible for the impact the term had on the culture of the 1920s.

The fashion component to the It Girl, however, originated with Glyn's elder sister, the celebrated couturier Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon, known professionally as "Lucile," the name under which she directed exclusive salons in London, Paris and New York. As Lucile, Lucy Duff Gordon was the first designer to present her collections on a stage complete with the theatrical accoutrements of lights and music, inspiring the modern runway or catwalk show, and she was famous for making sexuality an aspect of fashion through her provocative lingerie and lingerie-inspired clothes.  Lucile also specialised in dressing trendsetting stage and film performers, ranging from the stars of the Ziegfeld Follies on Broadway to silent screen icons like Mary Pickford and Irene Castle. As early as 1917 Lucile herself used the term "it" in relation to style in her fashion column for Harper's Bazaar: "... I saw a very ladylike and well-bred friend of mine in her newest Parisian frock ... she felt she was 'it' and perfectly happy." 

It (1927)

The Paramount Studios movie was planned as a special showcase for its popular star Clara Bow, and her spectacular performance  introduced  the term "It" to the cultural lexicon. Bow later said she wasn't sure what "It" meant,  although she identified Lana Turner,  and later Marilyn Monroe,  as It Girls, and Robert Mitchum as an It Man.

The movie plays with the notion that "It" is a quality which eschews definitions and categories; consequently the girl portrayed by Bow is an amalgam of an ingenue and a femme fatale, with a touch of Madonna's latter day "Material Girl" incarnation.  By contrast, Bow's rival is equally young and comely (and rich and well-bred to boot), yet she doesn't have "It".

Modern "It Girls" 

Since the 1990s, It Girl or It-Girl more commonly refers to an attractive young woman who receives intense media coverage unrelated or disproportional to her personal achievements. The reign of an "It girl" is usually temporary; some of the rising It girls will either become fully-fledged celebrities or their popularity will fade. The term "It boy", much less frequently used, is the male equivalent. This term is unrelated to the abbreviation IT.

Glyn's 1927 movie script was adapted into a musical called The It Girl, which opened off-Broadway in 2001 at the York Theatre Company starring Jean Louisa Kelly. 

Andy Warhol's muse, Edie Sedgwick, was dubbed the "It Girl".[http://amanoutoftime.livejournal.com/600411.html?mode=reply LiveJournal: Discover global communities of friends who share your unique passions and interests]

The writer William Donaldson observed that, having initially been coined in the 1920s, the term was applied in the 1990s to describe "a young woman of noticeable 'sex appeal' who occupied herself by shoe shopping and party-going."Brewer's Rogues, Villains and Eccentrics, 2002

American actress and former model Chloë Sevigny was described as an "It Girl" by The New York Times editor Jay McInerney in the early 1990s because of her status as a fashion impresario.

In Germany the young actress Sara Schätzl was labelled an "It-Girl" by the tabloid press.  

It Girls (2002) is a feature documentary film directed by Robin Melanie Leacock, which chronicles the activities of a group of socialites in Manhattan during New York Fashion Week.
Question:
Which American actress, born in 1906, appeared in the 1927 film 'It', thus becoming the first 'It Girl'?
Answer:
Clara bow
Passage:
Corroboree
A corroboree is an event where Australian Aborigines interact with the Dreamtime through dance, music and costume. "Their bodies painted in different ways, and they wore various adornments, which were not used every day."  The word corroboree was coined by the European settlers of Australia in imitation of an east coast local Aboriginal Australian word caribberie.

In the northwest of Australia, corroboree is a generic word to define theatrical practices as different from ceremony. Whether it be public or private, ceremony is for invited guests. There are other generic words to describe traditional public performances: juju and kobbakobba for example. In the Pilbara, corroborees are yanda or jalarra. Across the Kimberley the word junba is often used to refer to a range of traditional performances and ceremonies. 

Corroboree and ceremony are strongly connected but different. In the 1930s Adolphus Elkin wrote of a public pan-Aboriginal dancing "tradition of individual gifts, skill, and ownership" as distinct from the customary practices of appropriate elders guiding initiation and other ritual practices.  Corroborees are open performances in which everyone may participate taking into consideration that the songs and dances are highly structured requiring a great deal of knowledge and skill to perform. 

Corroboree is a generic word to explain different genres of performance which in the northwest of Australia include balga, wangga, lirrga, junba, Bardi Ilma and many more. Throughout Australia the word corroboree embraces songs, dances, rallies and meetings of various kinds. In the past a corroboree has been inclusive of sporting events and other forms of skill display. It is an appropriated English word that has been reappropriated to explain a practice that is different from ceremony and more widely inclusive than theatre or opera.
Question:
A corroboree is a ceremonial meeting of what group of people?
Answer:
Australian Aboriginal
Passage:
Matariki
In the Māori language Matariki is both the name of the Pleiades star cluster and also of the season of its first rising  in late May or early June. This is a marker of the beginning of the new year. Different peoples celebrate Matariki at different times; some when Matariki rises in late May or early June while others observe it at the first full moon or first new moon following the rising of Matariki.  

Similar words occur in most Polynesian languages, deriving from Proto-Polynesian *mataliki, meaning minute, small, and the use of the term for the Pleiades constellation is also ancient and has been reconstructed to Eastern Oceanic.  

Māori

The constellation was important for navigation and timing the seasons. The first rising of the Pleiades and of Rigel (Puanga in northern Māori, Puaka in southern Māori) occurs just prior to sunrise in late May or early June. The actual time for the celebration of Matariki varies, some iwi (tribe or clan) celebrate it immediately, others wait until the rising of the next full moon, or the dawn of the next new moon—and others use the rising of Puanga/Rigel in a similar way.  

In traditional times, Matariki was a season to celebrate and to prepare the ground for the coming year. Offerings of the produce of the land were made to the gods, including Rongo, god of cultivated food. This time of the year was also a good time to instruct young people in the lore of the land and the forest. In addition, certain birds and fish were especially easy to harvest at this time.
 
The name Matariki is used also for the central star in the cluster, with the surrounding stars named Tupu-a-nuku, Tupu-a-rangi, Waiti, Waita, Waipuna-a-rangi and Ururangi. 

Recent revival

The The Māori Language Commission began a move in 2001 to "reclaim Matariki, or Aotearoa Pacific New Year, as an important focus for Māori language regeneration". Since then it has increasingly become common practice for various institutions to celebrate Matariki    in a range of ways  and over the period of a week or month anywhere from early June to late August

National holiday proposals

With the wider recognition, there has been proposal to make Matariki an official holiday in New Zealand—in particular former Māori Party MP Rahui Katene's private member's bill Te Ra o Matariki Bill/Matariki Day Bill, drawn from the ballot in June 2009.

The Bill would have fixed the date of a public holiday using the new moon in June,  however this was later changed to the new moon of the heliacal rising of Matariki when the bill was drawn a month later and set down for introduction into Parliament.  Mayor of Waitakere City Bob Harvey supported the call to make Matariki a public holiday to replace Queen's Birthday,  along with the Republican Movement of Aotearoa New Zealand, which found none of New Zealand's local authorities held celebrations for Queen's Birthday, but many held celebrations for Matariki.  However, the Bill itself did not propose abolishing Queen's Birthday, and was voted down at its first reading. 

As part of the National–Māori Party agreement subsequent to the New Zealand general election, 2011, both parties agreed to support "[a] cultural heritage bill to recognise Matariki/Puanga, and to honour the peace-making heritage established at Parihaka."
Question:
New Zealand celebrates Matariki, Maori New Year in late May or early June, marking the rising in the southern hemisphere of the seven stars of what?
Answer:
Pleiades
Passage:
United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission
The United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) was created through the adoption of United Nations Security Council resolution 1284 of 17 December 1999 and its mission lasted until June 2007. 

UNMOVIC was meant to replace the former United Nations Special Commission (UNSCOM) to carry on with the mandate to disarm Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction (WMDs), and to operate a system of ongoing monitoring and verification to check Iraq's compliance with its obligations not to reacquire the same weapons banned by the Security Council.

Unlike its predecessor, the staff of UNMOVIC were employees of the United Nations. In addition to the Office of the Chairman with executive, legal and liaison functions, UNMOVIC comprised four divisions (Planning and Operations, Analysis and Assessment, Information, Technical Support and Training) as well as an administrative service. The Commission maintained its headquarters at the United Nations in New York.

Prior to its creation, in December 1998, lack of cooperation between UNSCOM and the Iraqi government, plus Saddam Hussein's failure to provide unfettered access to UN arms inspectors, led Washington and London to launch air strikes during Operation Desert Fox. Along with founded suspicion of CIA interference and infiltration in UNSCOM,  military intervention in Iraq in December 16–18, 1998 marked the virtual end of UNSCOM's legitimacy. Those facts led to its closing down and to, at least, one-year hiatus regarding weapon inspections in Iraq.

In December 1999 UNMOVIC was to take the token and even though Resolution 1284 required its inspection teams allowance to "immediate and unconditional access to any weapons sites and facilities", Iraq rejected the resolution. UNMOVIC could not send inspections to Iraq well into November 2002 after Resolution 1441 was passed.

In 2000, the Secretary-General of the United Nations appointed Dr. Hans Blix of Sweden to be the Commission’s Executive Chairman. He served from 1 March 2000 until the end of June 2003, roughly 3 months after Iraq had been invaded.With no ongoing inspections on the ground in Iraq, political tension escalated in the period 2000-2002 and, in the aftermath of September 11 attacks in 2001 Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq became the spotlight of the ongoing War on Terror policies in Washington. Following the mandate of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1441,  The president of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, was forced to allow UN inspectors back to his country in November 2002. 
UN Resolution 1441 was an actual enhancement of previous United Nations Security Council Resolution 687 and provided: "that Iraq shall provide UNMOVIC and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) immediate, unimpeded, unconditional, and unrestricted access to any and all, including underground, areas, facilities, buildings, equipment, records, and means of transport which they wish to inspect, as well as immediate, unimpeded, unrestricted, and private access to all officials and other persons whom UNMOVIC or the IAEA wish to interview in the mode or location of UNMOVIC’s or the IAEA’s choice pursuant to any aspect of their mandates".  

Along with IAEA, UNMOVIC led inspections of alleged chemical and biological facilities in Iraq until shortly before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003. According to its Executive Chairman, Mr Blix 

"in the buildup to the war, Saddam Hussein and the Iraqis were cooperating with UN inspections, and in February 2003 had provided UNMOVIC with the names of hundreds of scientists to interview, individuals Saddam claimed had been involved in the destruction of banned weapons. Had the inspections been allowed to continue, there would likely have been a very different situation in Iraq." 

UNMOVIC never found any operative weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and although its inspectors were withdrawn in March 2003, continued to operate with respect to those parts of its mandate it could implement outside of Iraq and maintained a degree of preparedness to resume work in Iraq. It maintained a roster of more than 300 experts ready to serve and continued to conduct training.

The mandate of UNMOVIC was terminated on 29 June 2007.
Question:
Who was UN chief weapons inspector in Iraq from January 2000-June 2003?
Answer:
Dr. Hans Blix
Passage:
Italian Premier Berlusconi: Better to Love Women than Gays ...
Italian Premier Berlusconi: Better to Love Women than Gays | Fox News
Italian Premier Berlusconi: Better to Love Women than Gays
Published               November 02, 2010
ROME -- Premier Silvio Berlusconi dismissed calls Tuesday to resign over his involvement with an underage Moroccan runaway -- and even created a new uproar by claiming it was better to love beautiful girls than gays.
His comments sparked outrage from gay rights groups and fueled new calls for him to step down.
Opposition politicians have charged that Berlusconi abused his office by calling Milan police in May when the then-17-year-old runaway nicknamed Ruby was detained for alleged theft. Newspapers have reported that Berlusconi told police that a local party official would take custody of the girl, who had visited Berlusconi's Milan villa on at least one occasion.
Even center-right commentators in Berlusconi's family-owned newspapers have criticized him for intervening in a possible criminal case. Berlusconi's now-estranged ally, Gianfranco Fini, said his antics had embarrassed the country.
But Berlusconi again defended his lifestyle and fondness for young women, telling a trade fair in Milan on Tuesday it was "better to be passionate about a beautiful girl than a gay."
Gay rights group Arcigay demanded an apology for causing offense to both women and gays. Later, about two dozen people holding signs with a photo of Berlusconi and denouncing homophobia demonstrated across the street from the premier's office.
The premier's comments "represent a dangerous incitement to prejudice and helps legitimize discrimination, injustice and suffering," Arcigay president Paolo Pantane wrote in a letter to Berlusconi's minister for equal opportunity, Mara Carfagna.
In response, Carfagna defended Berlusconi's record on anti-discrimination measures and said he had just been joking.
"(He) absolutely never intended to offend women or homosexuals," she said.
Another prominent supporter, Daniela Santanche, a government undersecretary, also rallied to the premier's defense, saying there was nothing disturbing in his comment.
After noting that she "esteems homosexuals," Santanche said: "I am sure that all Italian parents hope to have heterosexual children."
She added that "the hope of every mother is to some day become a grandmother and have their children avoid the problems of a life inherent in the homosexual condition," the Italian news agency ANSA quoted her as saying.
Berlusconi assured supporters on Tuesday that his government still had a majority and would last the remaining half of its five-year term. He said early elections would be a disaster for a country grappling with economic crisis.
He contended that the Ruby scandal was whipped up by hostile, deceptive newspapers and again defended his decision to intervene in her case. Ruby was let go by police with no charges after Nicole Minetti, a party official who is also Berlusconi's dental hygienist, took custody of her.
Berlusconi said Tuesday he'd do the same thing again.
"You will see when this is over that there was nothing more than an act of solidarity," he said.
Ruby, meanwhile, told Libero, a conservative newspaper close to Berlusconi, that she would tell her version of the story Thursday on a popular state-run TV talk show, but her lawyer later said there were no such plans. Ruby's comments have been inconsistent and prosecutors have reportedly questioned her credibility.
She repeated she never had intimate relations with the premier, though she said she "adored" him. She clarified that while another young woman linked to Berlusconi, Noemi Letizia, referred to him as "papi" ("daddy"), she called him "premier."
Berlusconi's relationship with Letizia, an 18-year-old would-be model from Naples, sparked a scandal last year that prompted Berlusconi's second wife to file for divorce.
Soon after, a high-end prostitute, Patrizia D'Addario, claimed she had spent a night with the premier and had tape recorded their encounter.
The conservative leader has said he has never paid anyone for sex. Prosecutors have said Berlusconi is not under investigation in the scandals over his dalliances with women.
Advertisement
Question:
"In November 2010, who was widely quoted as saying it's ""better to love beautiful girls than gays""?"
Answer:
Berusconi
Passage:
Andrew Cunanan
Andrew Phillip Cunanan (August 31, 1969 – July 23, 1997) was an American serial killer  who murdered at least five people, including fashion designer Gianni Versace, during a three-month period in 1997. On June 12, 1997, Cunanan became the 449th fugitive to be listed by the FBI on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. The killing spree ended with Cunanan's suicide. He was 27 years old.

Early life

Cunanan was born in National City, California, to Modesto Cunanan, a Filipino American, and Mary Anne Schillaci, an Italian American, the youngest of four children. Modesto Cunanan was serving in the US Navy in the Vietnam War at the time of his son's birth.

In 1981, Andrew's father enrolled him in The Bishop's School in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego, California. At school, Cunanan was remembered as being bright and very talkative, testing with an I.Q. of 147.  As a teenager, however, he developed a reputation as a prolific liar given to telling fantastic tales about his family and personal life. He was also adept at changing his appearance according to what he felt was most attractive at a given moment.

When he was 19, his father deserted his family to avoid arrest for embezzlement. That same year, his mother learned that Cunanan was gay. During an ensuing argument, he threw her against a wall, dislocating her shoulder. Later examination of his behavior from reports indicate that he may have suffered from antisocial personality disorder, a personality disorder characterized by an abnormal lack of empathy (earlier known as psychopathy).

After graduating from high school in 1987, he enrolled at the University of California, San Diego, where he majored in American history.  After dropping out, he settled in the Castro District of San Francisco. While there, he frequented high-class gay bars and sold sex to wealthy older men, 
and became involved in petty theft and drug dealing. 

Murders

The first known murder was that of his friend Jeffrey Trail, a former US naval officer and propane salesman, on April 25, 1997, in Minneapolis.[http://www.crimelibrary.com/notorious_murders/mass/cunanan/madson_5.html "Andrew Cunanan: After Me, Disaster - Trail and Madson"] (analysis), Crime Library.com, Courtroom Television Network LLC, 2005.

The next victim was architect David Madson, who was found on the east shore of Rush Lake near Rush City, Minnesota, on April 29, 1997, with gunshot wounds to the head.  Police recognized a connection, as Trail's body had been found rolled up in a rug in a closet in Madson's Minneapolis loft apartment. 

Cunanan next drove to Chicago and killed 72-year-old Lee Miglin, a prominent real estate developer, on May 4, 1997.  Following this murder, the FBI added him to its Ten Most Wanted list.

Five days later, Cunanan, who took Miglin's car, found his fourth victim in Pennsville, New Jersey, at the Finn's Point National Cemetery, killing 45-year-old caretaker William Reese. While the manhunt focused on Reese's truck, Cunanan "hid in plain sight" in Miami Beach, Florida, for two months between his fourth and fifth murders.  He even used his own name to pawn a stolen item, knowing that police routinely check pawn shop records for stolen merchandise. 

On July 15, 1997, Cunanan murdered fashion designer Gianni Versace.  A witness attempted to pursue him but could not catch him. The vehicle he used, as well as the clothes he had just been wearing, an alternative passport, and newspaper clippings of his murders, were found in a nearby garage by the police who responded. 

Death

On July 23, 1997, eight days after murdering Versace, Cunanan shot himself in the mouth in the upstairs bedroom of a Miami houseboat. He used the same gun he had used to kill Madson and Miglin,  a Taurus PT100 semi-automatic pistol in .40 S&W caliber, which had been stolen from the first victim, Jeff Trail. His cremated remains are interred in the Mausoleum at Holy Cross Catholic Cemetery in San Diego, California. 

Motive

At the time of the crimes, there was much public and press speculation that Cunanan's motives were tied to a diagnosis of HIV infection; however, an autopsy found him to be HIV-negative.  

In order to piece together a motive for his killing spree, police searched the boathouse where Cunanan died.Dirk Cameron Gibson, Serial Murder and Media Circuses, Greenwood Publishing Group, 2006. p. 138. However, Cunanan left behind few personal belongings, surprising investigators, given his reputation for acquiring money and expensive possessions from wealthy older men. Police considered few of the findings to be of note, except multiple tubes of hydrocortisone cream and a fairly extensive collection of the fiction of C.S. Lewis.  

His motivations remain a mystery. Various theories include jealousy for Versace's role as a "gay icon", as well as necessity and opportunity in some of the other murders.
Question:
Which famous fashion designer was murdered by Andrew Cunanan in Florida in 1997?
Answer:
GIANNI VERSACE
