Passage:
Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park
Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park (Sotho: Musi oa Thunya [Mosi wa Tunya] "The Smoke Which Thunders"), is an UNESCO World Heritage site  that is home to one half of the Mosi-oa-Tunya — 'The Smoke Which Thunders' — known worldwide as Victoria Falls on the Zambezi River. The river forms the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe, so the falls are shared by the two countries, and the park is 'twin' to the Victoria Falls National Park on the Zimbabwean side. 

‘Mosi-oa-Tunya’ comes from the Kololo or Lozi language and the name is now used throughout Zambia, and in parts of Zimbabwe.

Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park covers 66 km2 from the Songwe Gorge below the falls in a north-west arc along about 20 km of the Zambian river bank. It froms the south-western boundary of the city of Livingstone and has two main sections, each with separate entrances: a wildlife park at its north-western end, and the land adjacent to the immense and awe-inspiring Victoria Falls, which in the rainy season is the world's largest curtain of falling water.  It extends downstream from the falls and to the south-east along the Batoka Gorges.

The wildlife section of the park 

The wildlife park includes tall riverine forest with palm trees, miombo woodland and grassland with plenty of birds, and animals including Angolan giraffe, Grant's zebra, warthog, sable, eland, buffalo, impala and other antelope. Animal numbers fell in droughts over the last two decades. The park contained two southern white rhino which are not indigenous and were imported from South Africa - they were both poached during the night of June 6, 2007. One was shot dead and got its horn extracted, not far from the gate and the other received serious bullet wounds but has triumphed against all odds and still lives in the park under twenty four hours surveillance. As of June, 2009 the number of southern white rhino in the park has been increased to five animals with plans to introduce further animals in due course.  The indigenous (black rhino) was believed extinct in Zambia but has recently been reintroduced in a pilot area). African elephants are sometimes seen in the park when they cross the river in the dry season from the Zimbabwean side. Hippopotamus and crocodile can be seen from the river bank. Vervet monkeys and baboons are common as they are in the rest of the national park outside the wildlife section.
As of January 2009 the commercial wildlife company, Lion Encounter, has been operating a "walking with Lions" experience within the park, with further plans to start a breeding programme for Southwest African lions within the soon to be expanded Dambwa Forest section of the park. 
Within the wildlife park is the Old Drift cemetery where the first European settlers were buried. They made camp by the river, but kept succumbing to a strange and fatal illness. They blamed the yellow/green-barked "fever trees" for this incurable malady, while all the time it was the malarial mosquito causing their demise. Before long the community moved to higher ground and the town of Livingstone emerged. 

The Falls section of the park 

The Falls section of the national park includes the rainforest on the cliff opposite the Eastern Cataract which is sustained by spray from the falls. It contains plants rare for the area such as pod mahogany, ebony, ivory palm, wild date palm and a number of creepers and lianas. Small antelopes and warthogs inhabit this area, and may also be seen in on the paths through the riverine forest leading to the falls.

In November 2005 a new statue of explorer David Livingstone was erected in the park (the original and more famous Livingstone statue is on the Zimbabwean side). A plaque was also unveiled on Livingstone Island to mark the spot from where Livingstone was the first European to see the falls. 

The Knife-Edge Bridge was constructed in this area in the 1960s to enable access on foot to the cliffs looking over the Rainbow Falls and the First Gorge's exit to the Boiling Pot in the Second Gorge. A steep footpath also goes down to the Boiling Pot, with views of the Second Gorge and the Victoria Falls Bridge.

In the area directly before the river plunges over Victoria Falls, there is a small undeveloped stretch of the park which is currently the only riverfront location that can be accessed without paying a fee. It is a crucial location for elephants to cross the river.

The tops of the deep gorges below the falls can be reached by road and walking tracks through the park and are good places to see klipspringers, clawless otters and 35 species of raptors such as the Taita falcon, black eagle, peregrine falcon and augur buzzard, which all breed there.

Notes

This park is considered for inclusion in the five-nation Kavango - Zambezi Transfrontier Conservation Area.
Question:
Mosi-oa-Tunya National Park in Zambia is adjacent with what other park that is also named for a famed attraction?
Answer:
Smoke that thunders
Passage:
Bruce Tuckman
Bruce Wayne Tuckman  (1938-2016) carried out research into the theory of group dynamics. In 1965, he published one of his theories called "Tuckman's stages of group development". In 1977, he added a fifth stage named Adjourning. According to the Tuckman theory of group development, there are four phases of group development: Forming, Storming, Norming, Performing (and Adjourning, added in 1977). 

Tuckman was also known for his research on college students' procrastination and development of the Tuckman Procrastination Scale (1991).

He served as professor of educational psychology at The Ohio State University, where he founded and directed the Walter E. Dennis Learning Center with the mission of providing students of all backgrounds with strategies for college success that enabled them to enter, excel in, and complete programs of postsecondary education. To teach students strategies for succeeding in college, he co-authored the textbook, Learning and Motivation Strategies: Your Guide to Success, with Dennis A. Abry and Dennis R. Smith.

Educational background

*Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute: 1960 graduated with B.S. Psychology. Born in Surrey.
*Princeton University: 1962 graduated with M.A. Psychology
*Princeton University: 1963 graduated with Ph.D. Psychology
*In 1991 Tuckman researched and developed a 32-item Procrastination Scale that measured the degree to which a person procrastinated.
*Professor Tuckman was also an avid runner who wrote the novel Long Road to Boston.

Bibliography

* Tuckman, Bruce W. (1965) ‘Developmental sequence in small groups’, Psychological Bulletin, 63, 384-399. The article was reprinted in Group Facilitation: A Research and Applications Journal, Number 3, Spring 2001 and is available as a Word document: [http://dennislearningcenter.osu.edu/references/GROUP%20DEV%20ARTICLE.doc. Accessed January 14, 2005].
Question:
Bruce Tuckman's theory about team development uses what four sequential rhyming words to describe the four stages of a group's progression?
Answer:
Stages of small group development
Passage:
Lonesome George
Lonesome George (c. 1910 – June 24, 2012) was a male Pinta Island tortoise (Chelonoidis nigra abingdonii) and the last known individual of the subspecies.     In his last years, he was known as the rarest creature in the world. George serves as a potent symbol for conservation efforts in the Galápagos Islands and throughout the world. 

Discovery

George was first seen on the island of Pinta on 1 November 1971 by Hungarian malacologist József Vágvölgyi. The island's vegetation had been devastated by introduced feral goats, and the indigenous C. n. abingdonii population had been reduced to a single individual. It is thought that he was named after a character played by American actor George Gobel.  Relocated for his safety to the Charles Darwin Research Station on Santa Cruz Island, it was hoped that more Pinta tortoises would be found, either on Pinta or in one of the world’s zoos, similar to the discovery of the Española male in San Diego. George was then penned with two females of a different subspecies. Although eggs were produced, none hatched. Unfortunately, no other Pinta tortoises were found. The Pinta tortoise was pronounced functionally extinct as George was in captivity.

Mating attempts

Over the decades, all attempts at mating Lonesome George had been unsuccessful, due to the lack of females of his own subspecies. This prompted researchers at the Darwin Station to offer a $10,000 reward for a suitable mate.

Until January 2011, George was penned with two females of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra becki (from the Wolf Volcano region of Isabela Island), in the hope his genotype would be retained in any resulting progeny. This subspecies was then thought to be genetically closest to George's; however, any potential offspring would have been intergrades, not purebreds of the Pinta subspecies. 

In July 2008, George mated with one of his female companions. Thirteen eggs were collected and placed in incubators.  On 11 November 2008, the Charles Darwin Foundation reported 80% of the eggs showed weight loss characteristic of being inviable.  By December 2008, the remaining eggs had failed to hatch and x-rays showed they were inviable. 

On 23 July 2009, exactly one year after announcing George had mated, the Galápagos National Park announced one of George's female companions had laid a second clutch of five eggs.  The park authority expressed its hope for the second clutch of eggs, which it said were in perfect condition.  The eggs were moved to an incubator, but on 16 December, it was announced the incubation period had ended and the eggs were inviable (as was a third batch of six eggs laid by the other female). 

In November 1999, scientists reported Lonesome George was "very closely related to tortoises" from Española Island (C. n. hoodensis) and San Cristóbal Island (C. n. chathamensis).  On 20 January 2011, two individual C. n. hoodensis female partners were imported to the Charles Darwin Research Station, where George lived. 

Death

 
On 24 June 2012, at 8:00 am local time, Edwin Naula, Director of the Galápagos National Park, announced that Lonesome George had been found dead by his caretaker of 40 years, Fausto Llerena.     Naula suspects that the cause of death was heart failure consistent with the end of the natural life cycle of a tortoise. A necropsy confirmed that he died of "old age".  The body of Lonesome George was frozen and shipped to the American Museum of Natural History in New York City to be preserved by taxidermists.  The preservation work was carried out by the museum's taxidermist George Dante, with input from scientists. 

After a short display at the museum, it was expected that Lonesome George would be returned to the Galápagos and will be displayed at the Charles Darwin Research Station on Santa Cruz Island for future generations to see.  However, a dispute has broken out between an Ecuadorean ministry and the Galapagos Islands over where the preserved body of a Galapagos giant tortoise should be housed. The Ecuadorean government wants him to be shown in the capital Quito but the Galapagos local mayor says Lonesome George was a symbol of the islands and should return home. 
Most sources state Lonesome George was more than 100 years old,  though others such as David Attenborough said he was probably in his eighties or possibly even younger.  Even one hundred is not especially old for a Galápagos tortoise.

Biological conservation

In November 2012, in the journal Biological Conservation, researchers reported identifying 17 tortoises that are partially descended from the same subspecies as Lonesome George, leading them to speculate that related purebred individuals of that subspecies may still be alive. 

In December 2015 it was reported that the discovery of another species (Chelonoidis donfaustoi) by Yale researchers had a 90% DNA match to that of the Pinta tortoise and that scientists believe this could possibly be used to resurrect the species.
Question:
What type of creature was Lonesome George, who died in 2012 and who gained fame as the rarest creature in the world? (hint: he was aged perhaps more than 100 years)
Answer:
Pinta Island Giant Tortoise
Passage:
UPVC - What does UPVC stand for? The Free Dictionary
UPVC - What does UPVC stand for? The Free Dictionary
UPVC - What does UPVC stand for? The Free Dictionary
http://acronyms.thefreedictionary.com/UPVC
UPVC
Unplasticised Poly Vinyl Chloride
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content .
Link to this page:
Industrial Production of Nano-Based PVC Products in Iran
If the wall is a cavity wall and the UPVC cladding is decorative only, and not providing a weather-proof barrier, then remove and render.
DIY DONNY Tip of the week; Never apply polish or wax directly on to furniture - always put the polish on the duster first to prevent the build-up of excess polish or wax
Many uPVC windows rely on neoprene or synthetic brush draught strips around each of the openings.
Aluminium firm shows its mettle as security door opens new route to success
With established showrooms in Blantyre, Ayr and Edinburgh, and their newHillington showroom celebrating it first birthday the UPVC Door Company now cover the entire central belt of Scotland.
Opening your door to quality, service and value; With over 500 door styles available fully fitted from only pounds 269, you can be sure to find the door you are looking for at the UPVC Door Company
Tenders are invited for Providing, laying & jointing 4789 mtr 90mm dia UPVC 6 kg/cm2, 864 mtr 110mm dia UPVC 6kg/cm2 & 122 mtr 160mm dia UPVC 6kg/cm2 & 50 mtr 100mm dia GI Pipes in distribution network with suitable all fitings, valve chamber, Standpost and Construction of Switch Room including 3 months trial run of piped water supply Scheme Village - Tonatar, Block - Bhatapara
Question:
For what does the 'U' stand in UPVC?
Answer:
UNPLASTICISED
Passage:
Smoke Gets In Your Eyes lyrics - LyricsMode.com
The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes lyrics | LyricsMode.com
The Platters
Smoke Gets In Your Eyes lyrics
$album_name
To explain lyrics, select line or word and click "Explain".
Create lyrics explanation
Select some words and click "Explain" button. Then type your knowledge, add image or YouTube video till "Good-o-meter" shows "Cool" or "Awesome!". Publish your explanation with "Explain" button. Get karma points!
OK, got it!
New! Read & write lyrics explanations
Highlight lyrics and explain them to earn Karma points.
The Platters – Smoke Gets In Your Eyes lyrics
Lyrics taken from http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/t/the_platters/smoke_gets_in_your_eyes.html
Correct
Add song structure elements
Click "Correct" to open the "Correction form". There you can add structure tags, correct typos or add missing words. Send your correction and get karma points! Result of your work will appear after moderating.
OK, got it!
+1
UnregisteredJul 19, 2012 at 1:17 am
So many times I have fallen in love with a man, and people around me will say, "what do you see in him? He's damaged goods, be warned. " so I go blithely on my way, still into him, still trying to please him, and he blows me off for no good reason at all. The same people who warned me tell me off, too, and I'm left alone and in tears with a broken heart.
Add your reply
-1
UnregisteredOct 30, 2011 at 12:25 am
Sometimes we meet someone who seems very special and we start to believe what we want to. "something here inside cannot be denied. " we want them to be interested in us and this can make us jump to thinking that they return our interest "smoke gets in your eyes. " then one day we get the rude shock that they are interested in someone else and not us "a lovely flame dies," "tears i cannot hide. "
Add your reply
Write about your feelings and thoughts
Know what this song is about? Does it mean anything special hidden between the lines to you? Share your meaning with community, make it interesting and valuable. Make sure you've read our simple tips
Hey! It's useful.
If this song really means something special to you, describe your feelings and thoughts. Don't hesitate to explain what songwriters and singer wanted to say. Also we collected some tips and tricks for you:
Don't write just "I love this song." Hidden between the lines, words and thoughts sometimes hold many different not yet explained meanings
Remember: your meaning might be valuable for someone
Don't post links to images and links to facts
Write correctly
Don't spam and write clearly off-topic meanings
Don't write abusive, vulgar, offensive, racist, threatening or harassing meanings
Do not post anything that you do not have the right to post
Please note: We moderate every meaning
Follow these rules and your meaning will be published
.
Write song meaning
Type your knowledge till "Good-o-meter" shows "Awesome!". Then send your meaning with "Post meaning" button. Get karma points!
OK, got it!
Question:
"These are the first lines from what song: ""They asked me how I knew, My true love was true. Oh, I of course replied, Something here inside cannot be denied""?"
Answer:
Smoke Gets in Your Eyes
Passage:
Caryophyllaceae
The Caryophyllaceae, commonly called the pink family or carnation family, is a family of flowering plants. It is included in the dicotyledon order Caryophyllales in the APG III system, alongside 33 other families, including Amaranthaceae, Cactaceae, and Polygonaceae. It is a large family, with 81 genera and about 2,625 known species. 

This cosmopolitan family of mostly herbaceous plants is best represented in temperate climates, with a few species growing on tropical mountains. Some of the more commonly known members include pinks and carnations (Dianthus), and firepink and campions (Lychnis and Silene). Many species are grown as ornamental plants, and some species are widespread weeds. Most species grow in the Mediterranean and bordering regions of Europe and Asia. The number of genera and species in the Southern Hemisphere is rather small, although the family does contain Antarctic pearlwort (Colobanthus quitensis), the world's southernmost dicot, which is one of only two flowering plants found in Antarctica. 

Description

Despite its size and the somewhat doubtful mutual relationships, this family is rather uniform and easily recognizable.

Most are herbaceous annuals or perennials, dying off above ground each year. A few species are shrubs or small trees, such as some Acanthophyllum species.  Most plants are non-succulent; i.e. having no fleshy stems or leaves. The nodes on the stem are swollen. The leaves are almost always opposite, rarely whorled. The blades are entire, petiolate, and often stipulate. These stipules are not sheath-forming.

The hermaphroditic flowers are terminal, blooming singly or branched or forked in cymes. The inflorescence is usually dichasial at least in the lower parts, which means that in the axil of each peduncle (primary flower stalk) of the terminal flower in the cyme, two new single-flower branches sprout up on each side of and below the first flower. If the terminal flowers are absent, then this can lead to monochasia, i.e. a monoparous cyme with a single flower on each axis of the inflorescence. In the extreme, this leads to a single flower, such as in Githago or Arenaria. The flowers are regular and mostly with five petals and five sepals, but sometimes with four petals.  The sepals may be free from one another or united. The petals may be entire, fringed or deeply cleft. The calyx may be cylindrically inflated, as in Silene. The stamens number five or 10 (or more rarely four or eight), and are mostly isomerous with the perianth. The superior gynoecium has two to five carpels (members of a compound pistil) and is syncarpous; i.e. with these carpels united in a compound ovary. This ovary has one chamber inside the ovary. The fruit may be a utricle with a single seed or a capsule containing several seeds.

Systematics

Currently, Amaranthaceae and Caryophyllaceae are sister groups and considered closely related.

Formerly, Caryophyllaceae were considered the sister family to all of the remaining members of the suborder Caryophyllineae because they have anthocyanins, and not betalain pigments. However, cladistic analyses indicate Caryophyllaceae evolved from ancestors that contained betalain, reinforcing betalain as an accurate synapomorphy of the suborder. 

This family is traditionally divided in three subfamilies:
* Alsinoideae: no stipules, petals not united
* Silenoideae: no stipules, petals united
* Paronychioideae: fleshy stipules, petals separate or united

The last, however, are a basal grade of rather primitive members of this family, not closely related, but simply retaining many plesiomorphic traits. Instead of a subfamily, most ought to be treated as genera incertae sedis, but Corrigiola and Telephium might warrant recognition as Corrigioleae. The Alsinoideae, on the other hand, seem to form two distinct clades, perhaps less some misplaced genera. Finally, the Silenoideae appear monophyletic at least for the most part, if some of the taxa misplaced in Alsinoideae are moved there; it may be that the name Caryophylloideae would apply for the revised delimitation. 

However, hybridization between many members of this family is rampant—particularly in the Silenoideae/Caryophylloideae—and some of the lineages of descent have been found to be highly complicated and do not readily yield to cladistic analysis. 

Genera

* Acanthophyllum
* Achyronychia – onyxflower, frost-mat
* Agrostemma – corncockles
* Allochrusa
* Alsinidendron
* Ankyropetalum
* Arenaria – sandworts
* Bolanthus
* Bolbosaponaria
* Brachystemma
* Bufonia
* Cardionema
* Cerastium – mouse-ear chickweeds
* Cerdia
* Colobanthus – pearlworts
* Cometes
* Corrigiola – strapworts
* Cucubalus
* Cyathophylla
* Dianthus – carnations and pinks
* Diaphanoptera
* Dicheranthus
* Drymaria
* Drypis
* Eremogone
* Geocarpon
* Gymnocarpos
* Gypsophila – gypsophilas, baby's-breath
* Habrosia
* Haya
*Heliosperma
* Herniaria – ruptureworts
* Holosteum – jagged chickweeds
* Honckenya
* Illecebrum
* Kabulia
* Krauseola
* Kuhitangia
* Lepyrodiclis
* Lochia
* Loeflingia
* Lychnis – campions, catchflies
* Melandrium
* Mesostemma
* Microphyes
* Minuartia – sandworts, stitchworts
* Moehringia – sandworts
* Moenchia – upright chickweeds
* Myosoton
* Ochotonophila
* Ortegia
* Paronychia – chickweeds
* Pentastemonodiscus
* Petrocoptis
* Petrorhagia (previously known as Tunica)
* Philippiella
* Phrynella
* Pinosia
* Pirinia
* Pleioneura
* Plettkia
* Pollichia
* Polycarpaea
* Polycarpon
* Polytepalum
* Pseudostellaria
* Pteranthus
* Pycnophyllopsis
* Pycnophyllum
* Reicheella
* Sagina – pearlworts
* Sanctambrosia
* Saponaria – soapworts
* Schiedea
* Scleranthopsis
* Scleranthus – knawels
* Sclerocephalus
* Scopulophila
* Selleola
* Silene – campions, catchflies
* Spergula – spurreys
* Spergularia – sea-spurreys
* Sphaerocoma
* Stellaria – chickweeds, "stitchworts
* Stipulicida
* Thurya
* Thylacospermum
* Uebelinia
* Vaccaria
* Velezia
* Wilhelmsia
* Xerotia
Question:
What genus of flowering plants in the carnation family is also known as ‘baby’s breath’?
Answer:
GYPSOPHILA
Passage:
Baby-stealing trial begins in Argentina - CNN.com
Baby-stealing trial begins in Argentina - CNN.com
Baby-stealing trial begins in Argentina
By the CNN Wire Staff
(L to R) Reinaldo Begnone, Jorge Rafael Videla, Jose Luis Magnacco and Ruben Franco are accused of stealing babies.
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Eight former Argentine officers are accused of systematically stealing children
It happened during the country's "Dirty War" from 1976 to 1983
Former dictators Videla and Bignone are among the defendants
RELATED TOPICS
Argentina
Buenos Aires, Argentina (CNN) -- Eight former Argentine military officers, including two one-time dictators, went on trial this week to face allegations that they systematically stole babies from political prisoners and gave them new identities.
The accusations stem from the country's "Dirty War" from 1976 to 1983. During those years of military dictatorship, up to 30,000 students, labor leaders, intellectuals and leftists disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers.
Jorge Rafael Videla was among the coup leaders who overthrew then-President Isabel Martinez de Peron in March 1976. He ruled as dictator until 1981. Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone ruled the country from June 1982 until the nation's return to democracy in December 1983.
They are the two most high-profile defendants on trial for being the "presumed authors of the crimes of theft, retention and hiding of minors, as well as replacing their identities," according to a statement from the country's judiciary.
Specifically, the officers are being tried for the stealing of 34 babies from their parents, the court said.
Approximately 370 witnesses will be called to testify, according to the judiciary. The trial could take at least eight months to complete.
"The most real proof that there was a system in the thefts is the living proof, the children who regained their identities," said Agustin Chit, a lawyer for the Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo, who are among the plaintiffs. "It's all the documents that the grandmothers in these 33 years were able to collect. There is no perfect crime and there wasn't in this case in relation to the systematic plan. Even the bureaucracy of the state apparatus left behind many documents."
Neither the defendants nor their lawyers made comments as the trial got underway Monday, but in previous occasions have said that those incidents happened during a war and that the trial has a political angle and is not about finding the truth.
Carlos Pisani, whose parents were both kidnapped when he was only 37 days old, said that he's been waiting for more than three decades for justice to be done.
"We have fought for many years so that today we can have a country where we have justice," Pisani told CNN en Español.
Unlike others who were stolen and given a new identity, Pisani was raised by his grandmother, who told him from a young age about the circumstances surrounding his parents' disappearance. He has worked with a group of youths that include some of those whose cases are being heard in court.
"There are lots of losses that you feel over time and that cannot be made up," he said of losing his parents. "The physical loss is irreplaceable."
Videla was previously convicted in December of human rights abuses during his rule and is currently serving a life sentence in prison.
Bignone was sentenced in April of last year to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people.
CNN en Español's Javier Doberti contibuted to this report.
Share this on:
Question:
Two former Argentinian military leaders went on trial in February 2011, accused of stealing what from political prisoners?
Answer:
Infantile
Passage:
Petit Trianon
Petit Trianon (; "small Trianon"), built between 1762 and 1768 during the reign of Louis XV, is a small château located on the grounds of the Palace of Versailles in Versailles, France. The park of the Grand Trianon includes the Petit Trianon. 

Design and construction

It was designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel by the order of Louis XV for his long-term mistress, Madame de Pompadour, and was constructed between 1762 and 1768.  Madame de Pompadour died four years before its completion, and the Petit Trianon was subsequently occupied by her successor, Madame du Barry. Upon his accession to the throne in 1774, the 20-year-old Louis XVI gave the château and its surrounding park to his 19-year-old Queen Marie Antoinette for her exclusive use and enjoyment.  

The château of the Petit Trianon is a celebrated example of the transition from the Rococo style of the earlier part of the 18th century, to the more sober and refined, Neoclassical style of the 1760s and onward.  Essentially an exercise on a cube, the Petit Trianon attracts interest by virtue of its four facades, each thoughtfully designed according to that part of the estate it would face. The Corinthian order predominates, with two detached and two semi-detached pillars on the side of the formal French garden, and pilasters facing both the courtyard and the area once occupied by Louis XV's greenhouses. Overlooking the former botanical garden of the king, the remaining facade was left bare. The subtle use of steps compensates for the differences in level of the château's inclined location.

Marie Antoinette would come to the Petit Trianon not only to escape the formality of court life, but also to shake off the burden of her royal responsibilities. At Versailles, she was under considerable pressure and judgement from both her family and the court, and the Petit Trianon was her place of ease and leisure where she could rest from those trials.  Since all was "de par la Reine" (by order of the Queen), none were permitted to enter the property without the Queen's express permission (not even, it was said, Louis XVI). Such exclusivity alienated the court nobility, which she did very willingly, since only the queen's "inner circle" (including the Princess de Lamballe, and Gabrielle de Polastron, duchesse de Polignac) were invited.

A house of intimacy and of pleasure, the building was designed to require as little interaction between guests and servants as possible. To that end, the table in the salles à manger was conceived to be mobile, mechanically lowered and raised through the floorboards so that the servants below could set places sight unseen. The tables were never built, but the delineation for the mechanical apparatus can still be seen from the foundation.

Within the queen's apartment, Marie Antoinette's need for privacy is apparent: the decor of her boudoir displays an inventiveness unique to the age, featuring mirrored panels that, by the simple turning of a crank, can be raised or lowered to obscure the windows. Her bedroom, although simple, is also elegant in accord with her general style, provided with furniture from Georges Jacob and Jean Henri Riesener. The wallpaper was painted by Jean-Baptiste Pillement.

History post Revolution

On 5 October 1789, Marie Antoinette was in the gardens of the Petit Trianon when a page brought news of the imminent arrival of an armed crowd from Paris. With the enforced departure of the royal family the next day the Petit Trianon was almost abandoned except for the gardeners and other staff who continued to live there. Renovations that had been underway were interrupted, leaving large sums owed to builders. The former Queen's gardener Antoine Richard, was appointed as curator of the gardens and plant nursery in 1792 by the Minister of the Interior.  After the final overthrow of the monarchy in July 1792, all of the furniture, art works and other valuables of the Petit Trianon were given to auction, under a decree of the Convention dated 10 June 1793. The auction began on Sunday, August 25, 1793 and continued until 11 August 1794. The properties sold were widely scattered. Silverware, lead and brass fixtures were requisitioned for use in the arsenals. The sculptor Amable Boichard was appointed in April 1794 to remove "emblems of royalty and feudalism" from the property.

Under the new Republic the Petit Trianon underwent a number of changes. Declared national property, the land was divided into ten lots. The City of Versailles proposed that a botanical garden be established but this plan was not adopted. In 1796 the land was leased to a tavern. By 1801 the use of the grounds for dances and festivals had led to neglect and vandalism. The buildings of the hamlet were reported to be dilapidated. Some improvements in the layout of the gardens were subsequently made and a school located in part of the complex.  

Derivative buildings

United States:
*Marble House (1888-92), a Gilded Age mansion in Newport, Rhode Island, USA, is directly inspired by the Petit Trianon.
*Kentucky Governor's Mansion (1912) is inspired by the Petit Trianon.
*Koshland Mansion (1902-04), 3800 Washington Street, Presidio Heights, San Francisco, California, is a copy of Le Petit Trianon [http://www.sfcityguides.org/public_guidelines.html?article205&submitted
TRUE&srch_text&submitted2
&topic=Buildings%20and%20Theaters]. (Built by Marcus Koshland, a successful wool trader and father of former Levi Strauss & Co. CEO Daniel Koshland, it was owned (2007-12) by CNET founder Halsey Minor.)
*A concert hall in San Jose, California, which carries the name "The Petit Trianon," [http://trianontheatre.com/calendar.html] is a copy.
*Byers Hall, built in 1903 at Yale University, is an adaptation of the design by architects Hiss and Weekes.

Elsewhere:
*Called Petit Trianon, the building housing the Academia Brasileira de Letras in Rio de Janeiro is based on the design. It was built by the French Government and donated to the Academia de Letras.
*Home of Sabet Pasal, Iranian pre-revolution investor, built in northern Tehran
*Romania has a Petit Trianon near Floreşti Palatul Cantacuzino (Florești).
Question:
The ‘Petit Trianon’ is a small chateau located in the grounds of which palace?
Answer:
Palais de Versailles
Passage:
Frankie Fredericks
Frank "Frankie" Fredericks (born 2 October 1967) is a former track and field athlete from Namibia. Running in the 100 metres and 200 metres, he won four silver medals at the Olympic Games (two in 1992 and two in 1996), making him Namibia's first and so far only Olympic medalist. He also won gold medals at the World Championships, World Indoor Championships, All-Africa Games and Commonwealth Games. He is the world indoor record-holder for 200 metres, with a time of 19.92 seconds set in 1996.

Fredericks has broken 20 seconds for the 200 metres 24 times.  He also holds the third-fastest non-winning time for the 200 metres. In August 1996, Fredericks ran 19.68 seconds in the Olympic final in Atlanta, Georgia.

He is also the oldest man to have broken 20 seconds for the 200 metres. On 12 July 2002 in Rome, Fredericks won the 200 metres in a time of 19.99 seconds at the age of 34 years 283 days. He is currently serving as a council member in the IAAF.

Biography

Born in Windhoek on 2 October 1967, Frankie Fredericks was awarded a scholarship at Brigham Young University in the US in 1987. (Though he is not a Mormon, he enjoyed the religious classes at BYU.) During his college career, Fredericks earned numerous All-American citations and won three NCAA championships. 

International athletics career

In 1990, after his country had become independent of South Africa, Fredericks could participate in international competition. At the World Championships in 1991, Fredericks won a silver medal in the 200 m, finishing behind Michael Johnson, and placed 5th in the 100 m. The following year, at the Barcelona 1992 Summer Olympics, Fredericks became Namibia's first Olympic medalist when he finished second in both the 100 m and 200 m. He won the silver medal in the men's 100-meter dash, with a time of 10.02 seconds, just .06 seconds behind the gold medal winner. In 1993, in Stuttgart, he became the nation's first World Champion, winning the 200 m. At the 1994 Commonwealth Games, he won gold in the 200 m and bronze in the 100 m. His time of 19.97 seconds in the 200 metres is the current Commonwealth Games record. At the 1995 World Championships 100 m, after crossing the line he immediately went to help his friend Linford Christie who pulled a muscle in the race and signalled for help. This act of kindness endeared him to many (particularly British) athletics fans.

For the 1996 Summer Olympics, Fredericks was among the title favourites for both the 100 m and 200 m. He reached both finals, and again finished second in both. In the 100 m, he was beaten by Donovan Bailey, who set a new World Record, and in the 200 m he was beaten by Michael Johnson, who also set a new World Record. At the time, Fredericks's second-place run was the third fastest run in history, beaten only by Johnson (twice). At the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Frankie once again missed out on the chance of gold in the 100 m; he was beaten by Ato Boldon of Trinidad and Tobago.

Suffering from injuries, Fredericks had to withdraw from the 1999 and 2001 World Championships, and the 2000 Summer Olympics. Fredericks won the 200 m at the inaugural Afro-Asian Games in 2003. In the 200 m final at the 2004 Summer Olympics he finished 4th.

After the end of 2004 outdoor season, Fredericks retired from competition. He had run the 100 m under 10 seconds 27 times, remained the 10th best in history until recently.  

Outdoor records

Indoor records

After retirement

In 2004 Federicks became a member of the International Olympic Committee.

In 2009 Fredericks became the head of the Athletics Namibia in a controversial leadership contest. 

Frankie Fredericks is today a member of the ‘Champions for Peace’ club, a group of 54 famous elite athletes committed to serving peace in the world through sport, created by Peace and Sport, a Monaco-based international organisation.

He became a member of the International Olympic Committee in 2012.
Question:
Frankie Fredericks represented which country at athletics
Answer:
Culture of Namibia
Passage:
Up Where We Belong
"Up Where We Belong" is a Platinum-certified, Grammy Award-winning hit song written by Jack Nitzsche, Buffy Sainte-Marie, and Will Jennings. It was recorded by Joe Cocker (lead vocals) and Jennifer Warnes (lead and background vocals) for the smash 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman. 

Use in the film

Richard Gere balked at shooting the ending of the film, in which Zack arrives at Paula's factory wearing his naval dress whites and carries her off the factory floor; he thought that wouldn't work because it was too sentimental. Director Taylor Hackford agreed with Gere until, during a rehearsal, the extras playing the workers began to cheer and cry. When Gere saw the scene later, with the music added ("Up Where We Belong"), he said it gave him chills. Gere is now convinced Hackford made the right decision. 

Producer Don Simpson unsuccessfully demanded "Up Where We Belong" be cut from An Officer and a Gentleman, saying, "The song is no good. It isn't a hit." He reportedly said of Warnes, "She has a sweet voice, but she'll never have a hit song, and this definitely isn't it" (which both overlooked that Warnes had had a modest hit with a previous Oscar-winning song and was proven wrong when she recorded the huge hit "I've Had The Time of My Life" only a few years later with Bill Medley). Simpson even made a bet with the film's soundtrack supervisor that the song would flop and paid off his loss after the Oscars, where he still insisted the song was rotten and that it should never have become successful.

Release and awards

However, the American Top 40 radio stations disagreed with Simpson's comments, as the single, released by Island Records in 1982,  hit #1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 on November 6, 1982 and held the top chart position for three consecutive weeks, also reaching number 7 in the UK Singles Chart.  It was certified Platinum by the RIAA for sales of over two million copies in the United States.

"Up Where We Belong" won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1983. It also won the BAFTA Film Awards for Best Original Song in 1984. Cocker and Warnes also won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1983 for their rendition of this song. In 2004 it finished at #75 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.

Chart performance

Weekly singles charts

Year-end charts

Certifications and sales

In popular culture

* The song was performed by Nell Carter and Andy Gibb in the Gimme a Break! episode "The Groupie".
* The song was featured in the 1985 Alvin and the Chipmunks episode "The Chipmunks Go to Washington", as performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks and The Chipettes.
* Buffy Sainte-Marie, who composed the song with Jack Nitzsche (Will Jennings wrote the lyrics), recorded the song on her Up Where We Belong album in 1996, a "songwriter's version", as she said.
* In The Simpsons episode "Life on the Fast Lane" the song was played during a parody of the film ending of Homer carrying Marge.
* The song was performed by Stewie Griffin and Bertram in the Family Guy episode "Emission Impossible". Another parody of the song was found in the show in the episode "Herpe the Love Sore".
* The song was featured in the South Park episode "Erection Day" as parody on final scene from film.
* The chorus of the song is featured in the "Elephant Love Medley" in the 2001 film Moulin Rouge!.
* The original 1982 version was featured in a 1987 episode of the American soap opera Santa Barbara.  In the episode, the Eden Capwell and Cruz Castillo characters danced to the song in a daydream sequence.
* Patti LaBelle performed a gospel version of the song entitled "Lord Lift Us Up Where We Belong" on her Look to the Rainbow Tour in 1985.
* The song was featured in Everybody Hates Chris Season 1 episode, "Everybody Hates Food Stamps".
* An instrumental version of the song was featured in Miranda, during the first season episode, "Job".
* An instrumental version of the song is playing over the tannoy when Michael goes to Staples to give Dwight his job back, in The Office season 3 episode 13 "The Return".
* The scene is spoofed in the Scrubs episode "His Story IV", in which Dr. Kelso twice has a cutaway fantasy sequence parodying the final scene.

Cover versions

* The Shadows did an instrumental version of the song in 1983, on their album XXV.
* Shigeru Matsuzaki did a Japanese version in 1984, entitled "愛と青春の旅だち -Up Where We Belong-". It was also used as the theme song of a TBS-Based TV Drama "Fukei-san Ha Majo".
* Cocker performed the song with Joan Baez singing Warnes' lines in the 1986 TV special 60s Reunion at the Fillmore.
* Frank Galan & Sandra Kim did a Dutch version in 1997, entitled "De liefde neemt ons mee".
* Bebe Winans & Cece Winans did a version of the song in 1984, on their album Lord Lift Us Up.
* Namibian singer Nianell and South African singer Dozi did a version of the song in 2009 on their album It Takes Two. 
*Filipino singer Christian Bautista also covered this song from the GMA 7 Koreanovela Drama Series Empress Ki.
*Ted Neeley and Yvonne Elliman remade "Up Where We Belong" for Neeley's 2014 EP Rock Opera.
Question:
'Up Where We Belong' was an Oscar winning song from which film?
Answer:
An Officer and a Gentlemen
Passage:
Mycosis
Mycosis (plural: mycoses) is a fungal infection of animals, including humans.  Mycoses are common and a variety of environmental and physiological conditions can contribute to the development of fungal diseases. Inhalation of fungal spores or localized colonization of the skin may initiate persistent infections; therefore, mycoses often start in the lungs or on the skin. 

Fungal infections of the skin was the 4th most common disease in 2010 affecting 984 million people.

Causes

Individuals being treated with antibiotics are at higher risk of fungal infections. 

Individuals with weakened immune systems are also at risk of developing fungal infections. This is the case of people with HIV/AIDS, people under steroid treatments, and people taking chemotherapy.  People with diabetes also tend to develop fungal infections.  Very young and very old people, also, are groups at risk.  Although all are at risk of developing fungal infections, the likelihood is higher in these groups.

Classification

Mycoses are classified according to the tissue levels initially colonized.

Superficial mycoses

Superficial mycoses are limited to the outermost layers of the skin and hair. 

An example of such a fungal infection is Tinea versicolor, a fungus infection that commonly affects the skin of young people, especially the chest, back, and upper arms and legs. Tinea versicolor is caused by a fungus that lives in the skin of some adults. It does not usually affect the face. This fungus produces spots that are either lighter than the skin or a reddish-brown.   This fungus exists in two forms, one of them causing visible spots. Factors that can cause the fungus to become more visible include high humidity, as well as immune or hormone abnormalities. However, almost all people with this very common condition are healthy.

Cutaneous mycoses

Cutaneous mycoses extend deeper into the epidermis, and also include invasive hair and nail diseases. These diseases are restricted to the keratinized layers of the skin, hair, and nails. Unlike the superficial mycoses, host immune responses may be evoked resulting in pathologic changes expressed in the deeper layers of the skin. The organisms that cause these diseases are called dermatophytes. The resulting diseases are often called ringworm (even though there is no worm involved) or tinea.  Cutaneous mycoses are caused by Microsporum, Trichophyton, and Epidermophyton fungi, which together comprise 41 species.

One common disease is the athlete's foot which most commonly affects children before puberty. It is divided in three categories: chronic interdigital athlete's foot, chronic scaly athlete's foot, and acute vesicular athlete's foot. 

Subcutaneous mycoses

Subcutaneous mycoses involve the dermis, subcutaneous tissues, muscle and fascia. These infections are chronic and can be initiated by piercing trauma to the skin which allows the fungi to enter. These infections are difficult to treat and may require surgical interventions such as debridement.

Systemic mycoses due to primary pathogens

Systemic mycoses due to primary pathogens originate primarily in the lungs and may spread to many organ systems. Organisms that cause systemic mycoses are inherently virulent. In general primary pathogens that cause systemic mycoses are dimorphic.

Systemic mycoses due to opportunistic pathogens

Systemic mycoses due to opportunistic pathogens are infections of patients with immune deficiencies who would otherwise not be infected. Examples of immunocompromised conditions include AIDS, alteration of normal flora by antibiotics, immunosuppressive therapy, and metastatic cancer. Examples of opportunistic mycoses include Candidiasis, Cryptococcosis and Aspergillosis.

Prevention

Keeping the skin clean and dry, as well as maintaining good hygiene, will help larger topical mycoses. Because fungal infections are contagious, it is important to wash after touching other people or animals. Sports clothing should also be washed after use.

Treatment

Antifungal drugs are used to treat mycoses. Depending on the nature of the infection, a topical or systemic agent may be used.

Example of antifungals include: fluconazole which is the basis of many over-the-counter antifungal treatments. Another example is  amphotericin B which is more potent and used in the treatment of the most severe fungal infections that show resistance to other forms of treatment  and it is administered intravenously. 

Drugs to treat skin infections are the azoles: ketoconazole, itraconazole, terbinafine among others. 

Yeast infections in the vagina, caused by Candida albicans, can be treated with medicated suppositories such as tioconazole and  pessaries whereas skin yeast infections are treated with medicated ointments. 

Epidemiology

Fungal infections of the skin were the 4th most common skin disease in 2010 affecting 984 million people.
Question:
The fungal infection dermatophytosis is better known by what misleading name?
Answer:
Dermatophytoses
Passage:
Emirates Palace
The Emirates Palace (Arabic: قصر الإمارات) is a luxury hotel in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It was created with the aim of showcasing theArabian culture. It offers luxury hospitality. It is located on 1.3 km of private beach. 85 hectares of lawns and gardens surround the hotel, as well 114 domes that are 80 meters high. It contains 394 residences. The Corniche runs from here all the way north.

Based on its luxury, it describes itself as going "beyond 5 stars"  being a palace instead of just a hotel. Although a journalist has described it as a seven star facility, it falls officially in the 5 star hotel category. 

Construction

John Elliott RIBA, the ex Senior Vice President at [http://www.watg.com Wimberly, Allison, Tong and Goo, (WATG)] an international architectural firm with a specialisation in Luxury Hotels, was the primary designer of the building.
It opened in March 2005 but certain restaurants and facilities did not open until 2006. The Government of Abu Dhabi both own and built the building. Kempinski handles the management of the building.
The costs to build the hotel were 1.9 billion GBP or 11.02 billion AED or about 3 billion USD. The Emirates Palace is the second most expensive hotel ever built, only surpassed by Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. The hotel also had higher construction costs compared to the Burj Al Arab in neighbouring Dubai.

Rooms and facilities

Emirates Palace consists of 394 residences, 302 of which and rooms and the remainder are suites. The residences are spread over two wings as well as a primary central building. The majority of the suites are furnished in gold and marble. The main primary building houses an expansive marble floor and a large patterned dome above, picked out in gold. The penthouse floor has six Rulers' Suites which are reserved exclusively for dignitaries, such as royalty.  The hotel also contains a large conference centre with an auditorium capacity of 1100, in addition to over 40 meeting rooms and six large terraces.

One facility in the hotel is the beach club. Inside this club a six-kilometre cycling/jogging path is present. Other amenities in the club include tennis courts, two  watersports, outdoor pools, cricket, a rugby pitch, and soccer facilities.

Events

Christina Aguilera performed at the venue during her Back To Basics Tour on October 24, 2008. The show had an audience of 15,000 people, attracting great media attention to the hotel. The hotel also appears in the new Fast and Furious 7 film, which was released in 2015.  Shots of the hotel were also used in the 2007 film, The Kingdom.

Image gallery

Image:ephomz2.jpg|Dome above the lobby area
Image:ephomz6.jpg|Restaurants and main lounge
|Looking out onto the plaza
Question:
In May 2010, a vending machine was installed in the foyer of the prestigious Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi to dispense what?
Answer:
Gold compound
Passage:
We Belong Together (Randy Newman song)
"We Belong Together" is a song written, composed and performed by Randy Newman for the 2010 movie Toy Story 3.  The song was nominated for several Best Original Song awards from various film society and movie awards committees. The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 83rd Academy Awards in February 2011.

Description

When he accepted his Oscar, which was presented by Jennifer Hudson, his speech was a humorous one that Moviefone.com says "stole the show". He made fun of advice he was given that "it's not really good television to take a list out of your pocket and thank a lot of people", saying that "I just have to thank these people. I don't want to. I want to be good television so badly."  

It was nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Song at the 16th Annual BFCA Critics Choice Awards in 2011 and Best Original Song at the 2010 Denver Film Critics Society, losing both to "If I Rise" by A. R. Rahman and Dido.  It lost Best Original Song awards to Cher's "You Haven't Seen the Last of Me" at the Phoenix Film Critics Society Awards 2010 and "I See the Light", from the film Tangled, at the 1st Annual Awards.com Movie Awards.

At the 53rd Grammy Awards in February 2011, Newman was nominated in both the Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, which he won with the Toy Story 3 Soundtrack, and the Best Song Written for Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.  However, his best song nomination was for "Down in New Orleans" from The Princess and the Frog. 

It is the first song on the film score of Toy Story 3.  The entire album was composed and conducted by Randy Newman.  Upon the film's release, Disney did not release the soundtrack album for Toy Story 3 on compact disc. It was only available as a music download in lossy formats such as MP3 and AAC, until January 2012, when Walt Disney Records and Intrada Records released the soundtrack on CD. 

Covers

Brian Wilson covered the song on his 2011 album, In the Key of Disney.  

Awards

Notes
Question:
"At the 2011 Oscars the song ""We Belong Together"" won the Oscar for best original song, from which film did it came?"
Answer:
Toy Story III
Passage:
Leave Luck to Heaven
Leave Luck to Heaven is the first full-length studio album by American DJ Matthew Dear, released under his birth name.   Released in late 2003, the album’s fusion of pop and minimal techno propelled Dear to international success. The album's single "Dog Days" became a bestseller for the Spectral Sound label, and a favorite of DJs like Richie Hawtin. The album is named after the rough Japanese-to-English translation of "Nintendo", a popular video game company.

Track listing

# "Nervous Laughter (Intro)" (Matthew Dear) – 2:40 
# "Fex" (Dear) – 5:07 
# "Just Us Now" (Dear) – 4:37 
# "The Crush" (Dear) – 4:42 
# "But for You" (Dear) – 5:13 
# "In Unbending" (Dear) – 4:34 
# "Dog Days" (Dear) – 5:53 
# "Huffing Stuff" (Dear) – 5:18 
# "Reason and Responsibility" (Dear) – 5:38 
# "You're Fucking Crazy" (Dear) – 4:43 
# "It's Over Now" (Dear) – 5:42 
# "Machete (Outro)" (Dear) – 0:27
Question:
'Leave it to luck' or 'leave luck to heaven' is the translation from Japanese of which company's name?
Answer:
Nintendou
Passage:
Fraction - definition of fraction by The Free Dictionary
Fraction - definition of fraction by The Free Dictionary
Fraction - definition of fraction by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/fraction
Related to fraction: proper fraction
frac·tion
1. Mathematics An expression that indicates the quotient of two quantities, such as 1/3 .
2. A disconnected piece; a fragment.
3. A small part; a bit: moved a fraction of a step.
4. A chemical component separated by fractionation.
[Middle English fraccioun, a breaking, from Anglo-Norman, from Late Latin frāctiō, frāctiōn-, from Latin frāctus, past participle of frangere, to break; see bhreg- in the Appendix of Indo-European roots.]
fraction
a. a ratio of two expressions or numbers other than zero
b. any rational number that is not an integer
2. any part or subdivision: a substantial fraction of the nation.
3. a small piece; fragment
4. (Chemistry) chem a component of a mixture separated by a fractional process, such as fractional distillation
5. (Ecclesiastical Terms) Christianity the formal breaking of the bread in Communion
6. the act of breaking
vb
(tr) to divide
[C14: from Late Latin fractiō a breaking into pieces, from Latin fractus broken, from frangere to break]
frac•tion
a. a number usu. expressed in the form a/b.
b. a ratio of algebraic quantities similarly expressed.
2. a component in a volatile mixture whose range of boiling point temperatures allows it to be separated from other components by fractionation.
3. a part of a whole: Only a fraction of the members were present.
4. a small part or segment: only a fraction of the cost.
5. a piece broken off; fragment.
v.t., v.i.
6. to break into fractions.
[1350–1400; Middle English fraccioun < Late Latin frāctiō act of breaking]
frac·tion
(frăk′shən)
A number that compares part of an object or a set with the whole, especially the quotient of two whole numbers written in the form a/b . The fraction 1/2 , which means 1 divided by 2, can represent such things as 10 pencils out of a box of 20, or 50 cents out of a dollar. See also decimal fraction , improper fraction , proper fraction .
fraction
I will have been fractioning
you will have been fractioning
he/she/it will have been fractioning
we will have been fractioning
you will have been fractioning
they will have been fractioning
Past Perfect Continuous
1.
fraction - a component of a mixture that has been separated by a fractional process
chemical , chemical substance - material produced by or used in a reaction involving changes in atoms or molecules
2.
fraction - a small part or item forming a piece of a whole
part , portion - something less than the whole of a human artifact; "the rear part of the house"; "glue the two parts together"
3.
fraction - the quotient of two rational numbers
fixed-point part , mantissa - the positive fractional part of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log 643 = 2.808 the mantissa is .808
common fraction , simple fraction - the quotient of two integers
improper fraction - a fraction whose numerator is larger than the denominator
proper fraction - a fraction with a numerator smaller than the denominator
complex fraction , compound fraction - a fraction with fractions in the numerator or denominator
continued fraction - a fraction whose numerator is an integer and whose denominator is an integer plus a fraction whose numerator is an integer and whose denominator is an integer plus a fraction and so on
Verb
halve - divide by two; divide into halves; "Halve the cake"
quarter - divide by four; divide into quarters
fraction
noun
3. fragment , part , piece , section , sector , selection , segment You will find only a fraction of the collection on display.
Translations
2. (fig) → pequeña porción f, parte f muy pequeña
move it just a fraction → muévelo un poquito
for a fraction of a second → por un instante
fraction
a fraction of a second → une fraction de seconde
at a fraction of the cost → pour beaucoup moins cher
fraction
(Math) → Bruch m
(fig) → Bruchteil m; a fraction better/shorter → (um) eine Spur besser / kürzer ; move it just a fraction (of an inch) → verrücke es (um) eine Spur ; for a fraction of a second → einen Augenblick lang; it missed me by a fraction of an inch → es verfehlte mich um Haaresbreite
(Eccl) → Brechen nt → des Brotes
fraction
[ˈfrækʃ/ən] n (Math) → frazione f
move it just a fraction (fig) → spostalo un pochino
fraction
(ˈfrӕkʃən) noun
1. a part; not a whole number eg 1/4, 3/8, 7/6 etc. fraksie, gedeelte كَسْر дроб fração zlomek der Bruch brøkdel κλάσμα fracción murd(arv) کسر murtoluku fraction שבר खंड razlomak hányad, tört(rész) pecahan brot frazione 分数 분수 trupmena daļskaitlis pecahan deel , breuk brøk ułamek کسر، ماتیدنه fracção fracţie дробь zlomok ulomek razlomak [bråk]del เศษส่วน kesir 分數(數學名詞) дріб کل کا کوئی جز phân số 分数
2. a small part. She has only a fraction of her brother's intelligence. fraksie جُزْء صَغير من частица fração zlomek der Bruchteil en smule μικρό μέρος poquito murdosa بخش؛ خرده murto-osa petite portion חֶלֶק קָטָן अंश djelić töredék sebagian kecil brot eða lítill hluti po' , piccola parte わずか 작은 부분 dalelė daļa; druska; kripata sebahagian kecil fractie brøkdel , lite grann cząstka برخه fracção mică parte частица zlomok delček delić bråkdel ส่วนน้อย az , biraz 小部分 частка; крихта ایک چھوٹا حصہ một chút 小部分
ˈfractional adjective
very small. a fractional amount. fraksionele كَسْري много малък mínimo zlomkový, nepatrný unbedeutend ubetydelig; meget lille κλασματικός muy pequeño, ínfimo murdosaline بسیار ناچیز pikkuriikkinen infime זעיר थोड़ा सा neznatan, vrlo malen törtszerű sedikit sem lÿtur að brotum piccolo わずかの 매우 작은 labai mažas, nereikšmingas daļas-; sīks; niecīgs sangat kecil miniem brøk- , ubetydelig ułamkowy جزئى، ډليز mínimo infim незначительный nepatrný majcen razlomački obetydlig ปริมาณเล็กน้อยมาก az , pek az 極小的 незначний جزوی rất nhỏ 极小的
frac·tion
Question:
What mathematical term for a part derives from ecclesiastical Latin for 'breaking bread'?
Answer:
Fraction (quantity)
Passage:
Stormcock (album)
Stormcock is the fifth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1971 by Harvest Records and is widely considered to be his best record. 

History

The album contains four extended songs which showcase Harper's talents, both as songwriter and guitarist. But, perhaps most significantly, Stormcock "...epitomized a hybrid genre that had no exclusive purveyors save Harper — epic progressive acoustic.".  The album features Jimmy Page on guitar, though upon the album's release, Page was credited as "S. Flavius Mercurius" for contractual reasons.

At the time, the album was not particularly well promoted by Harper's record label. Harper later stated: 

Nonetheless, Stormcock would remain a favourite album of Harper's fans. In October 2013 NME placed Stormcock at 377 in their list of "The 500 Greatest Albums Of All Time" 

Title

The album's title, Stormcock, is an old English name for the mistle thrush (Turdus viscivorus). The male of this species "is most vocal in the early morning" and has a "tendency to sing after, and sometimes during, wet and windy weather" which "led to the old name "stormcock"".  It is also, perhaps, a metaphor for Harper himself. Harper has an appreciation of birdlife and has made reference to many birds within songs on his albums.

Influence

35 years after its release (2006) fellow Mancunian Johnny Marr of English alternative rock band The Smiths said: 

Joanna Newsom cited Stormcock as an influence upon her 2006 release Ys  and in 2011, Robin Pecknold of Seattle, Washington-based folk band Fleet Foxes stated that he took inspiration from Stormcock when recording Fleet Foxes second album Helplessness Blues.

Digital remaster

The album was digitally remastered in 2007. The package included in a 20-page case-bound booklet with new pictures, prose and poetry, and Page's name was added to the album's credits. The album also showcases David Bedford's orchestral arrangements (Bedford would also collaborate on some of Harper's later releases).

Track listing

All tracks credited to Roy Harper

Side one

#"Hors d'œuvres" – 8:37
#"The Same Old Rock" – 12:24

Side two

#"One Man Rock and Roll Band" – 7:23
#"Me and My Woman" – 13:01

Personnel

*Roy Harper – guitar six and twelve strings, vocals, piano
*S. Flavius Mercurius (Jimmy Page) – guitar
*David Bedford – Hammond organ and orchestral arrangements
*Peter Jenner – producer
*John Barrett – sound engineer
*Peter Bown – sound engineer
*John Leckie – sound engineer
*Phil McDonald – sound engineer
*Alan Parsons – sound engineer
*Nick Webb – sound engineer
*Richard Imrie – photography
Question:
The stormcock is an alternative name for which bird?
Answer:
Missel Thrush
Passage:
A Love Like Yours (Don't Come Knocking Everyday)
"A Love Like Yours (Don't Come Knocking Everyday)" is a 1963 song issued as the B-side to Motown singing group Martha and the Vandellas' hit single, "Heat Wave", released on the Gordy label. 

The song, written and produced by Vandellas cohorts, Holland–Dozier–Holland, is a song where a woman praises her lover for loving her after she "broke (his) heart and made (him) blue" saying afterwards "instead of hurting back" telling her he loved her.

The song, while not released as a single, is regarded as a sixties classic with notable covers by Dusty Springfield, Harry Nilsson and Cher, Juice Newton, Manfred Mann, and the Animals.   Ike & Tina Turner released it as a single from their album River Deep – Mountain High. Ike & Tina's version was the only version that became a charted hit peaking at #16 on the UK pop charts. 

Credits

*Lead vocals and spoken monologues by Martha Reeves
*Background vocals by Rosalind Ashford, Annette Beard, and Brian Holland
*Produced by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier
*Written by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier and Edward Holland, Jr.
*Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers

Chart history (Ike & Tina version)
Question:
Who dueted with Harry Nilsson on the 1975 Phil Spectre song 'A Love Like Yours (Don't Come Knocking Every Day)' ?
Answer:
Cher (singer)
