Passage:
Screwdriver (cocktail)
A screwdriver is a popular alcoholic highball drink made with orange juice and vodka. While the basic drink is simply the two ingredients, there are many variations; the most common one is made with one part vodka, one part of any kind of orange soda, and one part of orange juice. Many of the variations have different names in different parts of the world. The International Bartender Association has designated this cocktail as an IBA Official Cocktail.

History

This drink appears in literature as early as 1938 "And answered it 'The famous Smirnoff Screwdriver', Just pour a jigger of smirnoff vodka over ice cubes, fill glass with orange juice and serve".   Then later it is claimed that this drink was invented by American aviators "A Screwdriver —a half-orange-juice and half-vodka drink popularized by interned American aviators—costs a dollar including the customary barman's tip."

A written reference to the screwdriver is from the October 24, 1949 issue of Time:

In the dimly lighted bar of the sleek Park Hotel, Turkish intelligence agents mingle with American engineers and Balkan refugees, drinking the latest Yankee concoction of vodka and orange juice, called a 'screwdriver'. 

Variations 

A screwdriver with two parts of Sloe Gin, and filled with orange juice is a "Slow (Sloe) Screw".

A screwdriver with two parts of Sloe Gin, one part of Southern Comfort and filled with orange juice is a "Slow Comfortable Screw". 

A screwdriver with one part of Sloe Gin, one part of Southern Comfort and one part Galliano and filled with orange juice is a "Slow Comfortable Screw Up Against The Wall". 

A screwdriver with two parts vodka, four parts orange juice, and one part Galliano is a Harvey Wallbanger.

A screwdriver with equal parts vanilla vodka and Blue Curaçao topped with lemon-lime soda is a "Sonic Screwdriver".
Question:
What are the two ingredients of a screwdriver cocktail?
Answer:
Vodka and orange juice
Passage:
The Tay Bridge Disaster
"The Tay Bridge Disaster" is a poem written in 1880 by the Scottish poet William McGonagall, who has been widely 'acclaimed' as the worst poet in history.   The poem recounts the events of the evening of December 28, 1879, when, during a severe gale, the Tay Rail Bridge at Dundee collapsed as a train was passing over it with the loss of all on board (now thought to be 75 people, not 90 as stated in the poem). The foundations of the bridge were not removed and are alongside the existing newer bridge.

The poem is by far the most famous ever written by McGonagall, and is still widely quoted. It begins:

"Beautiful railway bridge of the silv'ry Tay
Alas! I am very sorry to say
That ninety lives have been taken away
On the last sabbath day of 1879
Which will be remember'd for a very long time."

And it ends:

"Oh! Ill-fated bridge of the silv'ry Tay,
I now must conclude my lay
By telling the world fearlessly without the least dismay,
That your central girders would not have given way,
At least many sensible men do say,
Had they been supported on each side with buttresses
At least many sensible men confesses,
For the stronger we our houses do build,
The less chance we have of being killed."

William McGonagall wrote two other poems in praise of the Tay Bridge. The first one begins as follows:

The Railway Bridge of the Silvery Tay:

"Beautiful Railway Bridge of the Silvery Tay!
With your numerous arches and pillars in so grand array,
And your central girders, which seem to the eye
To be almost towering to the sky"

And it ends:

"Beautiful Railway Bridge of the Silvery Tay!
I hope that God will protect all passengers
By night and by day,
And that no accident will befall them while crossing
The Bridge of the Silvery Tay,
For that would be most awful to be seen
Nearby Dundee and the Magdalen Green.

Beautiful Railway Bridge of the Silvery Tay!
And prosperity to Messrs Bouche and Grothe,
The famous engineers of the present day,
Who have succeeded in erecting the Railway
Bridge of the Silvery Tay,
Which stands unequalled to be seen
Nearby Dundee and the Magdalen Green."

After the original bridge collapsed, a new one was built, providing the opportunity for another poem, which begins:

An Address to the New Tay Bridge

"BEAUTIFUL new railway bridge of the Silvery Tay,
With your strong brick piers and buttresses in so grand array,
And your thirteen central girders, which seem to my eye
Strong enough all windy storms to defy."
Question:
Whose most famous poem is 'The Tay Bridge Disaster of 1880'?
Answer:
The world's worst poet
Passage:
The Housemartins
The Housemartins were an English alternative rock band formed in Hull who were active in the 1980s.  Many of the Housemartins' lyrics were a mixture of Marxist politics and Christianity, reflecting singer Paul Heaton's beliefs at the time (the back cover of London 0 Hull 4 contained the message, "Take Jesus – Take Marx – Take Hope"). The group's cover version of the Isley Brothers'  "Caravan of Love" was a UK Number 1 single in December 1986.

Career

Formation

The band was formed in late 1983 by Paul Heaton (vocals) and Stan Cullimore (guitar), initially as a busking duo. Throughout his tenure with the band, Heaton billed himself as "P.d. Heaton".  

Heaton and Cullimore recorded a demo tape with Ingo Dewsnap of Les Zeiga Fleurs which brought them to the attention of Go! Discs. They then expanded by recruiting Ted Key (bass), former guitarist with The Gargoyles, and Justin Patrick [drummer on loan from Udomsuksa!] who was then replaced by Chris Lang. Their first live performance as a band was at Hull University in October 1984.  The band's membership changed considerably over the years. Key left at the end of 1985 and was replaced by Norman Cook (the future Fatboy Slim). Drummer Chris Lang was replaced by Hugh Whitaker, former drummer with The Gargoyles, who in turn was replaced with Dave Hemingway.

The band often referred to themselves as "the fourth best band in Hull". The three bands that were "better" were Red Guitars, Everything but the Girl and The Gargoyles.

Break 

In 1986, having recorded two John Peel sessions, the band broke through with the single "Happy Hour", which reached No. 3 in the UK Singles Chart.  The single's success was helped by a claymation animated pop promo of a type that was in vogue at the time, featuring a cameo by television comedian Phill Jupitus, who toured with the band under his stage name of "Porky the Poet".

Caravan of Love 

At the end of 1986 they had their only UK No. 1 single on 16 December with a cover version of Isley-Jasper-Isley's "Caravan of Love". It was knocked off the top spot by Jackie Wilson's "Reet Petite" on 23 December, denying the Housemartins the coveted Christmas No. 1 single.

The a cappella style of "Caravan of Love" was not to the taste of all Housemartins' fans, although a cappella material had always been part of the band's repertoire. "Caravan of Love" was first performed by the band in their second Peel session in April 1986, prior to their initial chart success. At Peel's suggestion, the band then recorded another session (under the name The Fish City Five), consisting entirely of a cappella performances, and on at least one occasion (at The Tower nightclub in Hull, the same concert at which they were filmed as the Housemartins for the BBC programme, Rock Around the Clock), played support act for their own performance under this alternative name.  The "Caravan of Love" single featured four a cappella gospel songs on the B-side.

Split

The band split in 1988, but the members have remained friends and have worked on each other's projects. Norman Cook has enjoyed significant success with Beats International and then as Fatboy Slim, while Heaton, Hemingway and roadie Sean Welch formed The Beautiful South.

In August 2009, Mojo magazine arranged for The Housemartins' original members to get together for a photo-shoot and interview, for the first time in many years, but in the interview all the members maintained that the band would not re-form.

In December 2009, Cullimore co-wrote songs for (and appeared in) a pre-school music series called The Bopps, which first showed on Nick Jr. in the UK in April 2010.

Cullimore and Whitaker joined Heaton on stage during a show by Heaton and Jacqui Abbott in 2014, although it was not a Housemartins reunion. The trio performed the Housemartins hit "Me and the Farmer", and Cullimore and Heaton closed the show with a performance of "Caravan of Love". 

London 0 Hull 4 re-release

London 0 Hull 4 was re-released on 22 June 2009, with a bonus disc featuring tracks released as additional content on 12-inch singles and demo tracks.

Musical style and lyrics

The band's early releases saw them described as jangle pop, which brought comparisons with bands such as The Smiths and Aztec Camera.   David Quantick, writing for Spin, described them in 1986 as playing "traditional '60s-style guitar pop overlaid with soul vocals".  Cook described the band as "religious, but not Christians", and the band's repertoire included Gospel songs.

Many of the band's lyrics have socialist themes, with Cook stating that "Paul realized that he hated writing about love...and that writing politically came easier to him", describing some of their songs as "angrily political". 

Discography

Albums

Singles

Compilation albums

* The Housemartins Christmas Box Set (November 1986) UK #84
*Now That's What I Call Quite Good (April 1988) UK #8
*The Best of the Housemartins (March 2004) UK #29
*Live at the BBC (2006, Universal)
*Soup (December 2007) UK # 15
*Happy Hour: The Collection (July 2011)

Videography

(does not include "live" appearances on TV programmes)
* "Sheep"
* "Happy Hour"
* "Think for a Minute"
* "Caravan of Love"
* "Five Get Over Excited"
* "Me and the Farmer"
* "Build"
* "There Is Always Something There to Remind Me"
* "We're Not Deep"

Biography

* The Housemartins: Now That's What I Call Quite Good by Nick Swift (1988) ISBN 0-7119-1517-2
Question:
Which British group was formed by former members of 'The Housemartins', Paul Heaton and David Hemingway?
Answer:
The Beautiful South
Passage:
Definition and Examples of Names in English
Definition and Examples of Names in English
The plumed war-bonnet of Medicine Hat,
Tucson and Deadwood and Lost Mule Flat. . . ."
(Stephen Vincent Benét, "American Names," 1927)
 
Common Words and Proper Names
"There is no sharp dividing line between common words and proper names. They feed off each other. Many medieval surnames began as common nouns , especially those associated with occupations:
Archer, Baker, Barber, Brewer, Butcher, Carpenter, Cook, Farmer, Fisher, Goldsmith, Mason, Miller, Parson, Shepherd, Smith, Taylor, Thatcher, Weaver
Some are less obvious today. Trinder? A wheelmaker. Fletcher? An arrow-maker. Lorimer? A spur-maker. . . .
"Everyday words can be turned into a place name as circumstances require. The exploration routes of the world are full of such names as Cape Catastrophe, Skull Creek, and Mount Pleasant, plus hopeful names like Concord, Fame, and Niceville. The same trend affects streets, parks, promenades, quaysides, markets, and all the other places where we live."
(David Crystal, Words, Words, Words. Oxford University Press, 2006)
 
Name Magic
"The mythical view of language which everywhere precedes the philosophical view of it is always characterized by this indifference of word and thing. Here the essence of everything is contained in its name. Magical powers attach directly to the word. He who gains possession of the name and knows how to make use of it, has gained power over the object itself; he has made it his own with all its energies. All word magic and name magic is based on the assumption that the world of things and the world of names form a single undifferentiated chain of causality and hence a single reality."
(Ernst Cassirer, The Philosophy of Symbolic Forms: Language. Yale University Press, 1953)
 
Naming Things in Britain
"People do like to name things. I don't mean just public transport objects, such as locomotives, ships, and planes, or the names given to commercial objects by their manufacturers. I mean personal, private names for everyday objects, such as fridges, lawnmowers, and wheelbarrows . . .. Back in the 1980s, in a programme for the English Now series I presented on Radio 4, I asked listeners to send in examples of objects they had named. I was expecting a few dozen letters. I got hundreds.
"A man wrote to say his wheelbarrow was called Wilberforce. A woman said her hoover [vacuum cleaner] was known as J. Edgar. At least two garden sheds were called Tardis. There was in the kingdom a waste-disposal unit called Wally, a teapot called Herbie, an ashtray called Cedric, and a butter knife called Marlon. Maybe there still is. . . .
"The principle is evidently that, if you have an object which is of particular functional or emotional significance to you, you give it a name. Often it's a name known only to members of your family. It's part of the 'house dialect ' --or ' familect '--which every family has."
(David Crystal, By Hook or by Crook: A Journey in Search of English. Overlook Press, 2008)  
 
Repetition of First Names
"The effect was a little like that produced by people who in conversation constantly use the first name of the person they are speaking: you can go years without noticing this but once you do it is hard not to become distracted by it--hard, in fact, not to feel that it is specifically intended to drive you mad."
(John Lanchester, Capital. W.W. Norton, 2012)
 
Name Taboos
" Taboos on using personal names are reported in a wide variety of cultures. The details vary from language to language, but it is common for people to be reluctant to reveal their own real names. In many small-scale societies names are not much used. Instead, people are often addressed or referred to by kin terms such as 'son' or 'father's sister.' In some societies people have two names, a 'real' name, which they keep secret, and an extra name or nickname which is disclosed to outsiders. In other societies people will turn to a third party to announce their name when someone asks, because there is a taboo on uttering one's own name (Frazer 1911b: 244-6)."
(Barry J. Blake, Secret Language. Oxford University Press, 2010)
 
George Carlin on the Lighter Side of Names
"Why don't these guys named Allen, Allyn, and Alan get together and decide how . . . to spell their name? I'm tired of guessing. The same with Sean, Shaun, and Shawn. Stop with all these cute attempts to be different. If you wanna be different, call yourself Margaret Mary."
(George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops? Hyperion, 2004)
Pronunciation: NAM
Question:
What informal term for a common type of pet derives from the name Margaret?
Answer:
Housecat
Passage:
What does fluke mean? - Definitions.net
What does fluke mean?
A trematode; a parasitic flatworm of the trematoda class, related to the tapeworm.
The man had become infected with flukes after eating a meal of raw fish.
fluke(Noun)
Either of the two lobes of a whale's or similar creature's tail.
The dolphin had an open wound on the left fluke of its tail where the propeller had injured it.
fluke(Noun)
Any of the triangular blades at the end of an anchor, designed to catch the ground.
The fluke of the anchor was wedged between two outcroppings of rock and could not be dislodged.
fluke
A metal hook on the head of certain staff weapons (such as a bill), made in various forms depending on function, whether used for grappling or to penetrate armour when swung at an opponent.
The polearm had a wide, sharpened fluke attached to the central point.
fluke
In general, an offshoot from a central piece.
After casting the bronze statue, we filed down the flukes and spurs from the molding process.
Webster Dictionary(5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:
Fluke(noun)
an instrument for cleaning out a hole drilled in stone for blasting
Fluke(noun)
an accidental and favorable stroke at billiards (called a scratch in the United States); hence, any accidental or unexpected advantage; as, he won by a fluke
Origin: [Cf. LG. flunk, flunka wing, the palm of an anchor; perh. akin to E. fly.]
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Fluke
Fluke are an English electronic music group formed in the late 1980s by Mike Bryant, Jon Fugler and Mike Tournier with Julian Nugent as the band's manager. The band's conception was influenced by the members interest in the burgeoning acid house music scene and particularly the work of Cabaret Voltaire and Giorgio Moroder. The band are noted for their diverse range of electronic styles spanning the house, techno, ambient and blues genres; for their reclusivity, rarely giving interviews; and for lengthy timespans between albums. Many listeners know of Fluke only through the inclusion of their music in many blockbuster film soundtracks—most notably The Matrix Reloaded and Sin City—as well as featuring prominently on the soundtracks to Need for Speed: Underground 2 and the Wipeout video game series. The film The Experiment uses their song "YKK". To date Fluke have produced five original studio albums, two "best of" compilations and two live albums. Throughout their career they have made several changes to their line-up with credited appearances attributed to Neil Davenport playing guitars, Robin Goodridge on drums and Hugh Bryder as a DJ. When Fluke were touring for Risotto they were joined on stage by Rachel Stewart who acted as a personification of the band's official mascot, a character from the Wipeout series named Arial Tetsuo. Stewart continued as lead female vocalist and as a dancer for all of Fluke's live performances between 1997 and 1999.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Fluke
flōōk, n. a flounder: a parasitic  trematoid worm which causes the liver-rot in sheep, so called because  like a miniature flounder: a variety of kidney potato. [A.S. flóc,  a plaice; cf. Ice. flóke.]
Fluke
flōōk, n. the part of an anchor which  fastens in the ground.—adj. Fluk′y. [Prob. a transferred use of the  foregoing.]
Fluke
flōōk, n. a successful shot made by  chance, as at billiards: any unexpected advantage.
Editors Contribution(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
fluke
the test was a fluke.
Numerology
The numerical value of fluke in Chaldean Numerology is: 6
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
What kind of creature is a fluke?
Answer:
Worms, animals
Passage:
Far from the Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy - Google Books
Far from the Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy - Google Books
Far from the Madding Crowd
1 Review https://books.google.com/books/about/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd.html?id=xJfRiFvrs-oC
Set in his fictional Wessex countryside in southwest England, Far from the Madding Crowd was Thomas Hardy's breakthrough work. Though it was first published anonymously in 1874, the quick and tremendous success of Far from the Madding Crowd persuaded Hardy to give up his first profession, architecture, to concentrate on writing fiction. The story of the ill-fated passions of the beautiful Bathsheba Everdene and her three suitors offers a spectacle of country life brimming with an energy and charm not customarily associated with Hardy. ("When Farmer Oak smiled, " the novel begins, "the corners of his mouth spread till they were within an unimportant distance of his ears. . . .")
----The text is based on the authoritative Wessex Edition of 1912, revised and corrected by Hardy himself.
----This edition is the companion volume to the Mobil Masterpiece Theatre WGBH television presentation broadcast on PBS. It stars Paloma Baeza as Bathsheba Everdene, Nathaniel Parker as Gabriel Oak, Nigel Terry as Mr. Boldwood, and Jonathan Firth as Frank Troy. Adapted by Philomena
McDonagh, Far from the Madding Crowd is directed by Nick Renton.
The Modern Library has played a significant role in American cultural life for the better part of a century. The series was founded in 1917 by the publishers Boni and Liveright and eight years later acquired by Bennett Cerf and Donald Klopfer. It provided the foundation for their next publishing venture, Random House. The Modern Library has been a staple of the American book trade, providing readers with affordable hardbound editions of important works of literature and thought. For the Modern Library's seventy-fifth anniversary, Random House redesignedthe series, restoring as its emblem the running torchbearer created by Lucian Bernhard in 1925 and refurbishing jackets, bindings, and type, as well as inaugurating a new program of selecting titles. The Modern Library continues to provide the world's best books, at the best prices.
From inside the book
What people are saying -  Write a review
LibraryThing Review
User Review  - hitomik - LibraryThing
This is a love story, and there are five people who fall in love with someone. However, there were only two people who at last became happy, and others couldn’t be happy at all. I felt sorry for them, but anyway, it was good that Gabriel, a quite earnest became happy. Read full review
Far from the madding crowd
User Review  - Not Available - Book Verdict
Random's Modern Library is reproducing this Hardy standard as a tie-in to a Masterpiece Theater presentation and offering a quality hardcover for a reasonable price. Read full review
Contents
View all »
Common terms and phrases
appeared Bath Bathsheba beautiful began better Casterbridge CHAPTER church close colour Cornhill Cornhill magazine dark dead door Dorset edition eyes face Fanny Robin farm feeling flock Frank Gabriel Oak gate girl gone hand Hardy's head heard heart hill horse husband Jan Coggan Joseph Poorgrass Jude the Obscure knew Laban leave Leslie Stephen Liddy light lived looked ma'am Madding Crowd maltster Mark Clark marriage marry Maryann Matthew Moon Mayor of Casterbridge mind minutes Miss Everdene mistress morning murmured neighbours never night Norcombe novel Oak's once opened passed Pennyways poor Puddletown replied revisions round seemed Sergeant Troy sheep sheep shearers shepherd side Smallbury speak stood story Tall tell there's thing Thomas Hardy thought to-night tone trees Troy's turned twas voice waggon waited walked Weatherbury Wessex whilst wife wish woman women words young
About the author (1998)
Thomas Hardy (1840 1928), enduring author of the twentieth century, wrote the classics Jude the Obscure, Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Far from the Madding Crowd, The Return of the Native, The Mayor of Casterbridge, and many other works.
Falck-Yi is Teacher of English at Webster University in St. Louis, Missouri.
Simon Gatrell is Professor of English at the University of Georgia. Nancy Barrineau is Associate Professor of English at the University of North Carolina at Pembroke. Margaret R. Higonnet is Professor of English and Comparative Literature at the University of Connecticut.
Bibliographic information
Question:
Which novel of 1874 opens with the words: “When Farmer Oak smiled, the corners of his mouth spread till they were within an unimportant distance from his ears.....”?
Answer:
Far from the Madding Crowd
Passage:
Spenser Mountains
The Spenser Mountains is a topographic landform in the northern South Island of New Zealand. Located at the southern end of the Nelson Lakes National Park and north of the Lewis Pass they form a natural border between the Canterbury and Tasman regions. Several peaks are named after characters in Edmund Spenser’s allegorical poem, The Faerie Queene. Many of the early explorers were evidently literate men. For example, Frederick Weld (a surveyor) named Lake Tennyson; William Travers (a solicitor) named the Spensers and Faerie Queene; Julius Haast named Mt Una.

Within the range prominent peaks include Mount Una and Mount Humboldt.  The Spenser Mountains are the northern limit of the glaciers within the Southern Alps. 

Much of the forest cover is beech/podocarp with understory of a variety of ferns and shrubs; Crown Fern, Blechnum discolor is one of the dominant understory ferns.
Question:
In which country are the Spenser Mountains and Garvie Mountains?
Answer:
N Z
Passage:
Ossuary
An ossuary is a chest, box, building, well, or site made to serve as the final resting place of human skeletal remains. They are frequently used where burial space is scarce. A body is first buried in a temporary grave, then after some years the skeletal remains are removed and placed in an ossuary. The greatly reduced space taken up by an ossuary means that it is possible to store the remains of many more people in a single tomb than if the original coffins were left as is.

Persian 

In Persia, the Zoroastrians used a deep well for this function from the earliest times (c. 3,000 years ago) and called it astudan (literally, "the place for the bones"). There are many rituals and regulations in the Zoroastrian faith concerning the astudans.

Roman Catholic 

Many examples of ossuaries are found within Europe, including the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini in Rome, Italy; in south Italy the Martyrs of Otranto; the Fontanelle cemetery and Purgatorio ad Arco, Naples and many others; the San Bernardino alle Ossa in Milan, Italy; the Sedlec Ossuary in the Czech Republic; the Skull Chapel in Czermna in Lower Silesia, Poland; and Capela dos Ossos ("Chapel of Bones") in Évora, Portugal. The village of Wamba in the province of Valladolid, Spain, has an impressive ossuary of over a thousand skulls inside the local church, dating from between the 12th and 18th centuries. A more recent example is the Douaumont ossuary in France, which contains the remains of more than 130,000 French and German soldiers that fell at the Battle of Verdun during World War I. The Catacombs of Paris represents another famous ossuary.

The catacombs beneath the Monastery of San Francisco in Lima, Peru, also contains an ossuary.

Eastern Orthodox

The use of ossuaries is a longstanding tradition in the Orthodox Church. The remains of an Orthodox Christian are treated with special reverence, in conformity with the biblical teaching that the body of a believer is a "temple of the Holy Spirit" (, etc.), having been sanctified and transfigured by Baptism, Holy Communion and the participation in the mystical life of the Church.  In Orthodox monasteries, when one of the brethren dies, his remains are buried (for details, see Christian burial) for one to three years, and then disinterred, cleaned and gathered into the monastery's charnel house. If there is reason to believe that the departed is a saint, the remains may be placed in a reliquary; otherwise the bones are usually mingled together (skulls together in one place, long bones in another, etc.). The remains of an abbot may be placed in a separate ossuary made out of wood or metal.

The use of ossuaries is also found among the laity in the Greek Orthodox Church. The departed will be buried for one to three years and then, often on the anniversary of death, the family will gather with the parish priest and celebrate a parastas (memorial service), after which the remains are disinterred, washed with wine, perfumed, and placed in a small ossuary of wood or metal, inscribed with the name of the departed, and placed in a room, often in or near the church, which is dedicated to this purpose.

Jewish

During the time of the Second Temple, Jewish burial customs included primary burials in burial caves, followed by secondary burials in ossuaries placed in smaller niches of the burial caves. Some of the limestone ossuaries that have been discovered, particularly around the Jerusalem area, include intricate geometrical patterns and inscriptions identifying the deceased. Among the best-known Jewish ossuaries of this period are: an ossuary inscribed 'Simon the Temple builder' in the collection of the Israel Museum, another inscribed 'Elisheba wife of Tarfon', one inscribed 'Yehohanan ben Hagkol' that contained an iron nail in a heel bone suggesting crucifixion, another inscribed 'James son of Joseph, brother of Jesus', the authenticity of which is opposed by some and strongly supported by others, and ten ossuaries recovered from the Talpiot Tomb in 1980, several of which are reported to have names from the New Testament.

During the Second Temple period, Jewish sages debated whether the occasion of the gathering of a parent's bones for a secondary burial was a day of sorrow or rejoicing; it was resolved that it was a day of fasting in the morning and feasting in the afternoon. The custom of secondary burial in ossuaries did not persist among Jews past the Second Temple period nor appear to exist among Jews outside the land of Israel.
Question:
What is the name for a site serving as the final resting place of human skeletal remains, which is frequently used where burial space is scarce?
Answer:
Ossory (building)
Passage:
Madeline Bell
Madeline Bell (born July 23, 1942)  is a soul singer, who became famous as a performer in the UK during the 1960s, having arrived from the US in the gospel show Black Nativity in 1962, with vocal group the Bradford Singers. 

Career

Bell was born in Newark, New Jersey, United States.  She worked as a session singer, most notably backing Dusty Springfield, and can be found on early Donna Summer material as well. Her first major solo hit was a cover version of Dee Dee Warwick's single "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me", which performed better on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart than the original.

In 1968 Bell sang background and duet vocals on a number of Serge Gainsbourg songs, including "Comic Strip," "Ford Mustang" and "Bloody Jack." She also contributed backing vocals on the Rolling Stones song You Can't Always Get What You Want.

Bell then joined contemporary pop combo Blue Mink, with whom she had a number of Top 20 hits with Philips Records in the UK, including  "Melting Pot", "Our World", "Randy", "Banner Man", "Good Morning Freedom", "Sunday", "By The Devil I Was Tempted" and "Stay With Me".  Before joining Blue Mink in late 1969 she sang solo, and her cover version of "Picture Me Gone" is still a Northern Soul favourite today, as is "What Am I Supposed To Do", from 1968, a two-minute B-side tune co-written with future Led Zeppelin member John Paul Jones, then working as one of London's most in-demand session bassists. (Bell also sang backup on Joe Cocker's "Bye Bye Blackbird" in 1969, which featured a guitar solo from another Led Zeppelin member, Jimmy Page.) Jones later arranged, produced and recorded Bell's 1973 RCA album Comin' Atcha.  She contributed to the soundtrack of the romance film A Touch of Class (1973). She also sang backup for the Dave Clark Five's single release, "Everybody Get Together", and contributed backing vocals to Elton John's 1972 album, Honky Chateau. 

Bell has also provided backing vocals on a number of other artists' recordings, notably Tom Parker's neo-classical arrangements, and in 1975 performed with Sunny and Sue (originally members of Brotherhood of Man) at the Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, Sweden, providing backing vocals for the German entry "Ein Lied kann eine Brücke sein", performed by Joy Fleming. She worked with Kiki Dee and Lesley Duncan. In 1976 Bell sang backing vocals on We Can't Go on Meeting Like This, the second album by the band Hummingbird. In 1975 she appeared on Sunny Side of the Street for Bryn Haworth.

She also joined the French disco group Space, providing lead vocals on two of their albums. One of the songs she provided lead vocals on was "Save Your Love For Me" from 1978, which charted high in many countries. She also provided backing vocals for another French artist; Cerrone. Madeline also appears on Giorgio Moroder's 1979 album, E
MC².

 Since the 1970s, Bell has continued singing solo and also performed in a number of stage shows. She continues to live in Spain since her husband, drummer Barry Reeves (once of the Ferris Wheel) died on February 6, 2010, from pneumonia. She regularly tours Europe singing jazz and popular songs.  In 1982, she added background vocals to the fantasy film Alicja. She then again teamed up with John Paul Jones in 1985, contributing performances ("Take It or Leave It" and "Here I Am") to the soundtrack album Scream for Help.

Bell was the voice behind the 1980s advertising campaign for Brooke Bond D, a brand of tea bag in the UK. The music was composed by Ronnie Bond. She also provided vocals on the jingles of another 1980s advertising campaign, British Gas's Wonderfuel Gas, which began in 1982.

Solo discography

*Bell's a Poppin'  (1967)
*Doin' Things (1968)
*I'm Gonna Make You Love Me (1968)
*Madeline Bell (1971)
*Comin' Atcha (1973)
*This Is One Girl (1976)
*Beat out That Rhythm on a Drum (1988)
* Madeline (1993)
* City Life (with Georgie Fame) (1993)
* Have You Met Miss Bell (1993)
* Girl Talk (1995) 
* Christmas Card (1995)
* Yes I Can (1998)
* Melting Pot (1999)
* Blessed (2000)
* Blue Christmas (2004)
* Tribute To Ray Charles (2006)
* This Is Love (2012)
* Together Again (2013)
* Singer : The Musical (2014)
Question:
Madeline Bell was a singer in which pop group of the 1960s and 70s?
Answer:
Blue Mink
Passage:
Jasperware
Jasperware, or jasper ware, is a type of pottery first developed by Josiah Wedgwood in the 1770s. Usually described as stoneware, some authorities have described it as a type of porcelain.  It is noted for its matte finish and is produced in a number of different colours, of which the best known is a pale blue that has become known as Wedgwood Blue.  While named after the mineral jasper, modern analyses indicate that barium sulphate is a key ingredient.  Wedgwood had introduced a different type of stoneware called black basalt a decade earlier.

Jasperware composition and colours

Jasperware's composition varies but proportions may be given as follows: sulphate of barytes 150, china clay 35, blue clay 45, flint 35, gypsum 6, and Cornish stone 50.  It is white by nature but stained with metallic oxide colors; its most common shade in commerce is pale blue, but dark blue, lilac, sage green, black, and yellow are also used, with sage green due to chromium oxide, blue to cobalt oxide, and lilac to manganese oxide, with yellow probably coming from a salt of antimony, and black from iron oxide.  The earliest jasper was stained throughout and was known as "solid," but by 1829 production in jasper had virtually ceased. In 1844 production resumed using items coloured only on the surface and known as "dip." Solid jasper was not manufactured again until 1860. 

Wedgwood designs

Relief decorations (typically in white but also in other colours)[http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/british/abolition/africans_in_art_gallery_02.shtml The Black Figure in 18th-century Art], David Dabydeen. bbc.co.uk are characteristic of Wedgwood jasperware.  They are produced in moulds and applied to the ware as sprigging.
Jasperware is particularly associated with the neoclassical sculptor and designer John Flaxman Jr who began to supply Wedgwood with designs from 1775.  Flaxman mostly worked in wax when designing for Wedgwood.  The designs were then cast: some of them are still in production.

Sir William Hamilton's collection of ancient Greek vases was an important influence on Flaxman's work. (These vases were first known in England from D'Hancarville's engravings).
Inspiration for Flaxman and Wedgwood came not only from ancient ceramics, but also from cameo glass, particularly the Portland Vase which was brought to England by Sir William Hamilton.  The vase was lent to Wedgwood by the third Duke of Portland. Wedgwood devoted four years of painstaking trials at duplicating the vase - not in glass but in black and white jasperware.

File:Jasperware button f&b.jpg|Jasperware button 
File:Crew - Belt Clasp with a Female Making a Sacrifice - Walters 481770.jpg|Belt clasp designed by Lady Templeton and Miss Crew for Josiah Wedgwood's factory.  Jasperware, steel, tin.  The Walters Art Museum
File:Thinktank Birmingham - object 1885M02666(1).jpg | A Wedgwood jardiniere

Date markings 

Wedgwood jasperware can often be dated by the style of potter's marks, although there are exceptions to the rules:
*Before 1860: Mark is "Wedgwood". Usually accompanied by other potter markings and a single letter.
*From 1860-1929: A three-letter mark represents in order, the month, the potter, and the year. The year code starts mid-alphabet with the letter "O" for 1860, the letter "P" for 1861, etc., returning to "A" after "Z". For certain letters there are two possible year dates. Unfortunately these date codes were used quite infrequently on jasperware pieces. A single letter is more commonly found during this time period but it is merely a potter's mark and of no consequence for dating the object. 
*1891-1908: Marks are "Wedgwood", "England", separated.
*1908-1969: Marks are "Wedgwood", "Made in England", separated, or "Wedgwood England" on small objects like thimbles. After 1929 the typeface of the word "Wedgwood" is changed to sans serif.
*1970–present: Mark is "Wedgwood Made in England" as single stamp

German jasperware 

Jean-Baptiste Stahl developed his own style and techniques during his work at Villeroy & Boch in Mettlach, Saar, Germany. The name Phanolith was coined for this kind of jasperware. His work is praised for the translucency of the white porcelain on a colored background. JBS's work is known for its refined modelling and the vibrancy of its figures. He thus combined the benefits of jasperware and pâte-sur-pâte. A stand at the World's Fair 1900 in Paris was the first major public presentation of his work and gained him a gold medal. For this event, two huge wall plates were created with dimensions of 220 cm x 60 cm, each.

File:JBS_phanolith_plaque.jpg|Phanolith plaque at the height of his work.
File:JBS_signature_JStahl.jpg|Full signature JStahl.

Spanish jasperware 

The Real Fabrica del Buen Retiro in Madrid produced jasperware.
Question:
Which company created 'Blue Jasperware'?
Answer:
Josiah Wedgwood and Sons
Passage:
morganatic - definition and meaning
morganatic - definition and meaning
morganatic
Definitions
from The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, 4th Edition
adj. Of or being a legal marriage between a person of royal or noble birth and a partner of lower rank, in which it is agreed that no titles or estates of the royal or noble partner are to be shared by the partner of inferior rank nor by any of the offspring of the marriage.
from Wiktionary, Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License
adj. Designating a marriage (or the wife involved) between a man of higher rank and a woman of lower rank, often having various legal repercussions (typically that such a wife has no claim on the husband's possessions or title). It was not an aspect of English law, but was common in other royal houses, especially in Germany.
from the GNU version of the Collaborative International Dictionary of English
adj. Pertaining to, in the manner of, or designating, a kind of marriage, called also left-handed marriage, between a man of superior rank and a woman of inferior, in which it is stipulated that neither the latter nor her children shall enjoy the rank or inherit the possessions of her husband.
from The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia
An epithet noting a marriage of a man of high rank to a woman of lower station which is contracted with a stipulation that neither she nor the issue, if any, shall claim his rank or property in consequence; pertaining to a marriage of a woman of high rank to a man of lower station: hence applied also to a wife or a husband who has agreed to such a marriage contract.
from WordNet 3.0 Copyright 2006 by Princeton University. All rights reserved.
adj. (of marriages) of a marriage between one of royal or noble birth and one of lower rank; valid but with the understanding that the rank of the inferior remains unchanged and offspring do not succeed to titles or property of the superior
Etymologies
from The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, 4th Edition
New Latin morganāticus, from Medieval Latin (mātrimōnium ad) morganāticam, (marriage for the) morning-gift, of Germanic origin.
from Wiktionary, Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License
From Medieval Latin morganaticus, from morganaticum ("morning-gift"), from Proto-Germanic *murganagebō ( > Old English morgenġifu).
Examples
Is not this a sufficient explanation of the term morganatic being applied to marriages where the parties are of unequal rank?
Question:
What is a marriage called where one of the parties does not enjoy the privileges of rank of the other, nor inherit the possessions of the partner?
Answer:
Morganatic marriages
Passage:
Pandora's box
Pandora's box is an artifact in Greek mythology, taken from the myth of Pandora's creation in Hesiod's Works and Days.   The "box" was actually a large jar (πίθος pithos)  given to Pandora (Πανδώρα, "all-gifted", "all-giving"),  which contained all the evils of the world. Pandora opened the jar and all the evils flew out, leaving only "Hope" inside once she had closed it again.

Today the phrase "to open Pandora's box" means to perform an action that may seem small or innocent, but that turns out to have severely detrimental and far-reaching negative consequences.

In mythology

In classical Greek mythology, Pandora was the first woman on Earth. Zeus ordered Hephaestus to create her. So he did, using water and earth.  The gods endowed her with many gifts: Athena clothed her, Aphrodite gave her beauty, Apollo gave her musical ability, and Hermes gave her speech. 

According to Hesiod, when Prometheus stole fire from heaven, Zeus took vengeance by presenting Pandora to Prometheus' brother Epimetheus. Pandora opens a jar containing death and many other evils which were released into the world.  She hastened to close the container, but the whole contents had escaped except for one thing that lay at the bottom – Elpis (usually translated "Hope", though it could also mean "Expectation"). 

Etymology of the "box"

The original Greek word  was 'pithos', which is a large jar, sometimes as large as a small person (Diogenes of Sinope was said to have slept in one). It was used for storage of wine, oil, grain or other provisions, or, ritually, as a container for a human body for burying.   In the case of Pandora, this jar may have been made of clay for use as storage as in the usual sense, or of metal, such as bronze, as an unbreakable prison. 

The mistranslation of pithos is usually attributed to the 16th century humanist Erasmus of Rotterdam who translated Hesiod's tale of Pandora into Latin. Erasmus rendered pithos as the Greek pyxis, meaning "box".  The phrase "Pandora's box" has endured ever since. This misconception was further reinforced by Dante Gabriel Rossetti's painting Pandora.

Pandora in art

See also Category:Pandora at Wikimedia Commons.

File:Pandora-1879.jpg|Rosetti's Pandora (1879)
File:Pandora - John William Waterhouse.jpg|Waterhouse's, Pandora, 1896)
File:Alaux, Jean - Pandora carried off by Mercury.jpg|Jean Alaux, Pandora carried off by Mercury, 18th or 19th century
File:Pandora opening her box by James Gillray.jpg|thumb|Political cartoon by James Gillray, employing the image of Pandora.
Question:
What was left in Pandora's box after she released misery and evil?
Answer:
Hopes
Passage:
What is a group of lapwings called? - Research Maniacs
What is a group of lapwings called?
What is a group of lapwings called?
Collective Noun for Lapwings
The collective noun for lapwings is the word you would use to describe a group of lapwings.
We have identified the following word(s) that you could call a group of lapwings:
deceit
desert
Used in a sentence, you could say "Look at the deceit of lapwings", where "deceit" is the collective noun that means group.
As you can see, you simply substitute the word "group" with one of the collective nouns on our list above when describing a group of lapwings.
Question:
What is the collective noun for lapwings?
Answer:
Deceit (film)
Passage:
Peter Benson (actor)
Peter Benson  (born 13 June 1943) is an English actor probably best known as Bernie Scripps in the popular ITV1 TV-series  Heartbeat, a drama about the police in the fictional "Aidensfield" in the 1960s. He has also had a number of other film and television roles, often playing weak or vacillating characters.

Television and theatre

Benson's other television and theatre work includes the regional premiere of Stephen Sondheim's Assassins. On television his credits include the Dauphin in Shaw's Saint Joan, Henry VI in all three parts of Henry VI and Richard III for the BBC Television Shakespeare Series, Reuben with Bill Maynard in Alan Plater's Trinity Tales, Henry VII in The Black Adder, Bernard in All Creatures Great and Small, Bor in the Doctor Who serial Terminus. Recent roles include the made for TV film Merlin[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130414/fullcredits#cast 'Merlin' on the Internet Movie Database] and A Touch of Frost.[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0072611/ Benson on the Internet Movie Database]

He has also had parts in The Royal, Rumpole of the Bailey, Jeeves and Wooster, The Bill, Peak Practice, Casualty, Tenko and Lovejoy, among others.

Benson played Bernie Scripps in Heartbeat between 1995 and 2010. In the TV-series 'Bernie' Scripps ran Aidensfield Garage, and the local funeral service. He was often involved helping first Claude Greengrass (Bill Maynard), his half-brother Vernon Scripps (Geoffrey Hughes) and later Peggy Armstrong (Gwen Taylor) with disastrous money-making schemes. 

Film roles

His film work include roles in Michael Crichton's The First Great Train Robbery,  John Boorman's Excalibur, Roman Polanski's Tess  and Christian Cantamessa's Air.
Question:
"Peter Benson appeared in over two hundred episodes of TV's ""Heartbeat"" between 1995 and 2010, playing which role?"
Answer:
Bernie Scripps
Passage:
Peter Adamson
Peter Adamson (16 February 1930 – 17 January 2002) was a British stage and television actor. He is best known for playing the character of Len Fairclough in the long-running television series Coronation Street from 1961 to 1983. 

Life and career

Born in Allerton, Liverpool, England, Adamson was the youngest of six children. His father was a manager of a menswear shop. Adamson left school at the age of 14 and took an office job in a solicitor's firm, before trying for a career as a commercial artist. 

After taking part in a community play at the age of 17, Adamson moved to London and attended LAMDA, but left after two months. He returned to the North West, working in repertory theatre for several years, where he met his wife Jean. He also set up his own rep theatre company, producing and performing in plays and summer shows at Weston-super-Mare. He went on to appear in London's West End, and first appeared on television in 1956 in a variety show. He then gained roles in television dramas such as Granada Television's Skyport and Knight Errant Limited before being cast as Len Fairclough in Granada's fledgling series Coronation Street in late 1960. His character first appeared onscreen in January 1961.

One of the most enduring stars of the series, the role brought him fame, wealth, a lavish home, a cottage in Wales, a spectacular villa in Majorca and a range of cars he enjoyed being seen in. His initial salary after joining the cast of the Street was £10,000 a year - a huge sum in the early 1960s - and he could quickly double his income with personal appearances. By the late 1960s, however, he owed tens of thousands of pounds to the Inland Revenue.

Off screen, Adamson gained a reputation as a hell-raiser, admitting that he had a drink problem and had become involved in pub brawls. On 7 November 1966 he was fined £30 and banned from driving for a year after being arrested for drunk driving. In January 1969, he was suspended from the Street for three weeks without pay after three warnings about his drinking. He then attended Alcoholics Anonymous and stopped drinking.

In December 1981, he was celebrated in an episode of This Is Your Life.

Allegation

On 24 April 1983, a Sunday newspaper reported that Adamson had been arrested for indecently assaulting two eight-year-old girls in a public swimming pool in Haslingden where he had assisted as a part-time instructor in two separate incidents on 16 and 23 April. The police complaint alleged that Adamson's hands had strayed while giving the girls swimming lessons.

He was represented by the barrister George Carman QC, who had a prominent career defending celebrities. On 26 July 1983, a Crown Court jury found Adamson not guilty. In 1988, still suffering financial and drink problems, he was allegedly persuaded by freelance Sun reporter Dan Slater to change his story following several bottles of whisky. Adamson was alleged to have told Slater "I am totally guilty of everything the police said"...."But what I hope you will print - there was no sexual intent."

As a result, Lincolnshire Police interviewed Adamson who categorically denied the confession. No further charges were brought against him.

Sacking

In February 1983, Adamson was suspended from Coronation Street after selling stories about the show and cast members, Barbara Knox, Christopher Quinten, Doris Speed, Johnny Briggs, Bill Roache, Anne Kirkbride and Pat Phoenix to the Sun newspaper journalist Dan Slater. Following his arrest for alleged indecent assaults in April 1983, Granada Television decided not to support him financially through his legal problems. Although he was cleared of the charge in July, he was sacked from Coronation Street by producer Bill Podmore on 26 August 1983 for breach of contract when it was discovered Adamson had sold his memoirs for £70,000 after the previous warning, in order to pay the £120,000 legal debts from his trial.

Adamson was on holiday in Bali when he was sacked. Although his last actual appearance in the series was shown on 11 May 1983 (which had been recorded before his arrest), Len Fairclough was killed off-screen in a motorway crash in December 1983. To demonise the character, it was revealed that he had been returning home from an affair, cheating on wife Rita (Barbara Knox).

Adamson celebrated the character's death by delivering an obituary on TV-am dressed as an undertaker.

Work after Coronation Street

Adamson starred in a West End production of Dial M for Murder from November 1983 to March 1984 which also featured Simon Ward and Hayley Mills. The play was successful. In the summer of 1984 he read some short stories on BBC Radio 4. In February and March 1985 Adamson was based in Cambridge when he had a part in Entertaining Mr Sloane and in the spring of 1985, he played the leading role of an actor-manager of a troupe of music hall entertainers on the eve of the First World War in Empires by J.B. Priestley. After stage and television work in Canada in 1986 and in 1987, including a guest role in the detective drama Adderly he returned to the UK and played Sir Tunbelly Clumsy in a revival of The Relapse at the Mermaid Theatre in the Autumn of 1988, but his drinking and reputation meant that acting roles became increasingly rare after that. 

In 1991 he was declared bankrupt with debts of £32,000. The press occasionally visited him at his rented flat in Welton in Lincolnshire, detailing his fall from fame.

Adamson died from stomach cancer in Lincoln County Hospital in January 2002. 

He left £5,000 to his elder son. 

Personal life

Adamson married his wife Jean on 20 December 1953. They had two sons, Michael and Greig. Jean died in Wigan on 26 September 1984 at the age of 52.
Question:
Peter Adamson played which character in Coronation Street?
Answer:
Joan Davies
Passage:
No Milk Today
"No Milk Today" is a song that was written by Graham Gouldman and originally recorded by British pop band Herman's Hermits. It was first released as a single by the Mancunian group in the UK in October 1966 and, with the B-side "My Reservation's Been Confirmed", enjoyed chart success, peaking at No. 7. Although not released as a single in the US ("Dandy" was released in its place with the same B-side), it was popular enough to become a moderate hit when it was released there as the B-side to "There's a Kind of Hush", reaching No. 35 in 1967 (the A-side reaching No. 4). It was also a major hit in many European countries.

Music and lyrics 

The song, which is dominated by its downcast reflective verses in A-minor and neatly complemented by its interjecting upbeat chorus in A-major, was the second major song Gouldman wrote for Herman's Hermits (the previous being "Listen People", a US #3).  The lyrics refer to the practice (common at the time) of milkmen delivering fresh milk to residential houses each morning; the love interest of the song's protagonist has just moved out, so the household needs less milk and the notice in front of his house instructing the milkman not to leave the usual bottle of milk today, while seeming mundane to passers-by ("how could they know just what this message means?") symbolizes the breakup to the singer himself ("the end of all my dreams").  Gouldman wrote this song initially for The Hollies, after he saw a "no milk today" notice outside a friend's house one day, and his father observed that this could have various reasons.  In a recent interview, lead singer Peter Noone credited John Paul Jones' production of the song which included the ingenious introduction of chimes in the chorus and John McLaughlin on acoustic guitar.

The single is significant because it was the first track for which the band employed a string section.

Recordings 

Later the song was recorded by Gouldman himself as the sole single (released with "The Impossible Years") from his 1968 debut album The Graham Gouldman Thing and, in 2006, it was included on the compilation album Greatest Hits ... And More, released by Gouldman's own band 10cc.

The song was extensively used in a 2009 commercial campaign for the Norwegian milk company Tine. It was also used for a commercial of the Dutch milk company Coberco in the '90s.

The Spanish rendering "Todo Cambió" was recorded in 1967 by Lita Torelló (es).

No Milk Today has also been included in the official Sons of Anarchy soundtrack, covered by frequent soundtrack contributor The Forest Rangers, featuring folk singer  Joshua James. The cover appeared in the first episode of season 3.
Question:
Which British group had a top ten hit in 1966 with No Milk Today
Answer:
Herman and the Hermits
Passage:
Something Rotten
Something Rotten is the fourth
book in the Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde.  It continues the story some two years after the point where The Well of Lost Plots leaves off.

Plot introduction

The book sees Thursday return from the world of fiction to the alternative Swindon that Fforde introduced in The Eyre Affair; she is accompanied by Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, whose excursion from the world of fiction with Thursday forms the main sub-plot.

The title is taken from Hamlet I.iv:  "Something is rotten in the State of Denmark".

Plot summary

The story opens with Thursday still in the world of fiction in her job as the Bellman, head of the literary police force Jurisfiction. She is still hunting the Minotaur that escaped in the last book; she is tiring of fiction, however, and longs to return to her own world and get back her husband Landen, who was removed from time by the evil Goliath Corporation in 1947.  Despite Landen's non-existence, Thursday still has her son (Friday Next) who is now two years old.

Thursday and Friday return to her mother (Wednesday) in Swindon, with Hamlet who is accompanying them on an excursion to the "Outland" to find out what people in the real world think of him.  Her mother, whose main functions appear to be to make tea and to provide Battenberg cake, has some curious house guests:  Emma Hamilton, Otto von Bismarck, and a family of dodos.  Both humans are apparently staying for a rest, while Thursday's father (who has now been re-admitted to the time-travelling ChronoGuard) sorts out various parts of history for them.

Despite her earlier transgressions that caused her to flee to the Bookworld in the first place, Thursday gets her job back at SpecOps-27 as a Literary Detective and catches up with her old colleagues.  She learns that in her absence, Yorrick Kaine has joined forces with Goliath Corporation and plans to oust the ageing English President George Formby. As Prime Minister, Kaine wields some mysterious persuasive influence over Parliament and the people, and has used it to pass some bizarre laws and to stir up hatred of Denmark. Yorrick has also taken out a hit on her: he has hired an assassin known as "The Windowmaker", who is actually Cindy Stoker, the wife of Thursday's longtime friend, Spike.

Thursday's father warns her that Kaine's ambitions may cause nuclear armageddon and that it is up to her to stop him.  On top of this, she is visited by tearful agents from the Bookworld (Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle and Emperor Zhark) who tell her that all sorts of things are going wrong without her leadership'; for starters, without its titular character, the play Hamlet has merged with The Merry Wives of Windsor creating a new play called "The Merry Wives of Elsinore", which is not nearly as good as either original play (in the words of Emperor Zhark, "it takes a long time to get funny, and, when it finally does, everyone dies").  Meanwhile, her most pressing problem is finding reliable childcare for Friday.

Goliath Corporation have decided to become the new world religion to avoid a prophecy (the prophecy states that the Goliath Corporation will fall; Goliath believes that converting itself into a religion will exempt it from destruction, as the prophecy specifies a business). Thursday meets the CEO—at their headquarters in the Isle of Man—and gets a promise that they will un-eradicate Landen in exchange for her forgiveness.  Thursday feels duped when she finds that, through some form of mind control, she has formally forgiven them, even though there is no sign of her husband.  Then suddenly he is back, but takes a while to stabilise. Thursday must wait patiently for his un-eradication to "stick". In the meantime, she embarks on several seemingly impossible tasks, which include smuggling ten truckloads of banned Danish literature into Wales, tracking down an illegal clone of William Shakespeare, and teaching Friday to speak properly.

On top of all of this, Thursday still has to help the Swindon Mallets win the 1988 Croquet Superhoop final to thwart Kaine and Goliath and avoid the impending end of the world (as foretold by the aforementioned prophecy).

She succeeds but not without a near-death experience and a visit to the gateway to the Underworld (which turns out to be a planned-but-never-built service station on the M4 motorway). The final chapters contain some curious time paradoxes in which Thursday finds that she has met herself at several other stages in her own lifespan, including one character which had seemed to be an independent character.
Question:
Which sport is played by the Reading Thwackers and the Swindon Mallets in the Jasper Fforde book ‘Something Rotten’?
Answer:
Croquet mallet
Passage:
Suicide Squad (hooligan firm)
The Suicide Squad  is a football hooligan firm  linked to the English Premier League team, Burnley F.C. 
The self-imposed title is derived from previous behaviour at away games where the single minded involvement in violence against overwhelming odds could be described as suicidal. The name became synonymous with the group during the early 1980s and many of the original members, now in their forties are well known to the police and have a string of convictions for violence. 

History

Out of the terrace wars of the 1980s emerged a gang known as the Suicide Squad in a period which also saw Burnley's fall from the old Division One to Division Four and the threat of non-league football. This meant that the calculated, disciplined, organised operation that struck fear into opposing fans clashed with just about every rival mob in the country and became world-renowned as one of the fiercest and most dangerous in Britain.  

Although partially disbanded, a new more menacing group began to emerge. This group, considerably younger, named themselves the Burnley Youth.  They would remain associated with the older hooligan group known as the Suicide Squad, but refused to abide by the rules of the game.  This group were more determined and less affected by the police tactics, than their older colleagues.  The police began to receive intelligence reports from members of the Suicide Squad who were genuinely concerned that their younger brethren were "out of control" and were travelling to away matches with weapons.  The level of violence and the circumstances surrounding these incidents strongly supported these concerns.

In November 2002, Burnley police and the football club jointly established Operation Fixture, a scheme aimed at tackling football hooliganism in and around the club's stadium, Turf Moor with more bans, more arrests and quicker convictions. The scheme also aimed to target racists, with the example of a Burnley fan having given a Nazi salute during a Worthington Cup match against Tottenham Hotspur F.C.. 

On 7 December 2002, a 17-year-old Nottingham Forest F.C. fan was killed when Burnley fans attacked Nottingham Forest fans in Burnley town centre. Two days later, a 19-year-old Burnley fan, Andrew McNee, a member of the so-called Suicide Youth Squad was arrested and charged with murder.  In July 2003, McNee was sentenced to seven years in youth custody after he pleaded guilty to manslaughter. He was also banned from football matches for ten years. When passing sentence, the trial judge commented that the attack had happened, "for absolutely no reason, other than he supported a different football team and had the temerity to visit a public house the defendant and others believed he should have kept away from"; adding that football hooliganism was a "scourge on the sport" and said the courts should make it clear that anyone involved in violence would face harsh sentences.  McNee was released from prison in 2006. Within weeks however, he was fined £200 after pleading guilty to breaching his ten-year football banning order. On 22 July 2006 police caught him outside Turf Moor when Burnley were playing Bolton Wanderers F.C.,  Burnleys first home game since McNee had been released from prison.
  

In July 2007, one of the founding members of the Suicide Squad, Andrew Porter, who wrote a book about his exploits with the firm was coming to the end of a three-year ban from attending both England and domestic matches. However, Burnley police applied for a fresh banning order with the start of the new season only weeks away under Operation Fixture which had been introduced in 2002. 

In May 2009, another founder member of the Suicide Squad, Philip Holmes, was banned for a further three years from English & Welsh football grounds.  The ban follows a steady stream of incidents since Holmes' original ban expired in February 2007, including being the central figure in games against Stoke City & Sheffield United in the 2008-9 season. 

The Suicide Squad featured in the television documentary series The Real Football Factories which was first shown on the Bravo Television channel. 

On 18 October 2009, following the first FA Premier League derby between Blackburn Rovers and Burnley, members of the Suicide Squad clashed at the Station public house in the Cherry Tree area of the town in a riot described by police officers as "like something out of Braveheart". 15 months later, 12 members of the Suicide Squad received prison sentences totalling 32 years along with lengthy banning orders. Andrew Porter, aged 44, was discovered to have organised the riot, receiving the heaviest sentence; a five-year prison sentence along with a 10-year banning order. Porter had written a book - Suicide Squad: The Inside Story of a Football Firm - about his experiences as a football hooligan. 

Notes
Question:
The 'Suicide Squad' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which North West club?
Answer:
BURNLEY
Passage:
Matt Stevens (rugby union)
Matthew John Hamilton Stevens (born 1 October 1982) is a South African-born English international rugby union player, who plays at prop for French Top 14 side . 

He can cover both sides of the scrum and most of his England caps have come at tighthead. He formerly played for Bath Rugby club. In 2009 after a positive drugs test, he was banned from the game for two years.

Early life

Stevens was educated at Kearsney College, South Africa and played his youth rugby in that country, earning representative honours for Western Province, South African Universities and the Junior Springboks at Under 18 and Under 19 level, before deciding to move to England to pursue his university studies. 

Club career

He joined Bath in September 2002  and gained attention towards the end of the 2002–03 season, making five appearances as a substitute. He put in strong performances coming off the bench for Bath early in the following season as the pack dominated all opposition.

He featured in Bath's successful drive to the top of the Zürich Premiership table in 2003–04 and in March 2004 he was selected ahead of Jason Leonard as a replacement in England's Six Nations game against  at Twickenham.

Stevens was known for popping up in the back line during matches for Bath, and has quite a turn of pace for a front-rower.

In January 2008, Stevens signed a four-year contract with Bath that would have kept him at the club until the end of the 2011–12 season. 

However, on 20 January 2009 it was confirmed Stevens had failed a drug test after Bath's Heineken Cup match against Glasgow the previous month. He was withdrawn from the England 6 nations squad for the 2009 tournament and suspended by Bath RFC. 
He was banned from rugby for two years on 26 February 2009 after testing positive for cocaine,  and on 5 March announced that he was quitting his club before they sacked him. 

In January 2010, it was announced that Stevens would sign for Saracens upon the completion of his ban.  In his first season back, Stevens started for the Sarries side that defeated Leicester Tigers in the 2010–11 Aviva Premiership final. 

In February 2014, it was revealed that Stevens would return to South Africa after the conclusion of the 2013–14 English Premiership season to join the  in August of that year on a two-year deal. 

On 18 June 2015, Stevens made his move to France to join with European champions Toulon in the Top 14 from the 2015-16 season. 

International career

In 2003, Stevens, who qualified for England by virtue of his English parents, played for England U21s in the IRB Under 21 World Cup, which was held in Oxfordshire. He soon drew the attention of the England senior team selectors and was selected for the 2004 summer tour to New Zealand and Australia. He won his first two caps as a substitute in the Tests against the All Blacks but a knee injury meant he was unavailable for the test against  in Brisbane.

He was in the England team for the 2005 Six Nations, and was one of the better performers in England's disappointing campaign. He was selected for the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour  and featured in six games, though he did not play in any of the Test matches.

During the 2006 Six Nations Championship he suffered a shoulder injury that required two operations and kept him out of the game for nearly a year; he did not return to international duty until England's mid-year tour to South Africa in June 2007.

Stevens was in England's squad for the 2007 Rugby World Cup.  He played in the three warm-up games, against  and  and featured in all England's games during the tournament, starting in three of the pool games and coming off the bench in the other games.

He was a replacement in England's loss to Wales in the first game of the 2008 Six Nations Championship and started in the second game, against .

He was chosen in the 37-man squad for the 2013 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia. 

Personal life

In 2006, Stevens appeared on The X Factor: Battle of the Stars on ITV. He was mentored by Sharon Osbourne and reached the final only to be defeated by Eastenders star Lucy Benjamin.  Due to his appearance on the show, he raised over £125,000 for the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund and in October 2006 he was invited to meet the statesman in Johannesburg. 

He holds a BSc in politics with economics from the University of Bath.

While serving his ban, Stevens worked in the coffee house he part owns with Lee Mears.
Question:
South African born Matt Stevens won a Gold Medal in the Choir Olympics when at school. At which sport does he play for England?
Answer:
Rugby union footballer
Passage:
James, Viscount Severn
James, Viscount Severn   (James Alexander Philip Theo Mountbatten-Windsor; born 17 December 2007), is the younger child and only son of the Earl and Countess of Wessex, and the youngest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh. At birth, he was eighth in line to succeed his grandmother; he is currently tenth.

Life

Lord Severn was born by caesarean section at 16:20 UTC on 17 December 2007, at Frimley Park Hospital.  Prince Edward, who was present for the birth of his second child, remarked that the birth was "a lot calmer than last time" (a reference to the emergency delivery of their first child, Lady Louise), that his wife was "doing very well," and that his son was "like most babies, rather small, very cute and very cuddly." The baby and his mother were released from hospital on 20 December, and the following day his names were announced as James Alexander Philip Theo.  His sister, Lady Louise Windsor, is four years his senior. The siblings live with their parents at Bagshot Park in Surrey.

James was admitted to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London on 24 January 2008, with what Buckingham Palace called a "minor allergic reaction."  He was released from the hospital within days.

James was baptised on 19 April 2008, in the Private Chapel of Windsor Castle by the Dean of Windsor, Bishop David Conner.  His christening gown was a newly made replica of the gown originally used by his great-great-great-grand-aunt Victoria, the eldest daughter of Queen Victoria, in 1840. It has been worn for most royal christenings since then, and the original gown has now been preserved. Severn's godparents are Denise Poulton, Jeanye Irwin, Alastair Bruce of Crionaich, Duncan Bullivant, and Tom Hill. 

In April 2015 James and his older sister Lady Louise accompanied their parents on an engagement in South Africa.  

Titles, styles and honours

Titles and styles

Letters patent issued in 1917 (and still remaining in force today) assign a princely status and the style of Royal Highness to all male-line grandchildren of a monarch.  Therefore, all else being equal, James would have been styled as His Royal Highness Prince James of Wessex. However, when his parents married, the Queen, via a Buckingham Palace press release, announced that their children would be styled as the children of an earl, rather than as princes or princesses.  Thus, as is customary, court communications refer to him as Lord Severn, which is one of his father's subsidiary titles. His full title is James, The Viscount Severn.

Honours

In June 2008, to recognise a visit by his father to the Canadian province of Manitoba, the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba-in-Council named a lake in the north of the province after Lord Severn. 

Ancestry

His mother descends from King Henry IV of England.  James is also distantly related to the family of the Viscounts Molesworth  via the descent of his mother's grandmother - Margaret Patricia Molesworth - from Robert Molesworth, 1st Viscount Molesworth.
Question:
Viscount Severn is the son of which member of the royal family?
Answer:
PRINCE EDWARD
Passage:
Austrian far-right leader Jörg Haider dies in car crash ...
Austrian far-right leader Jörg Haider dies in car crash | World news | The Guardian
Austrian far-right leader Jörg Haider dies in car crash
Austrian president says death of controversial politician is a 'human tragedy'
Police at the scene of the crash near Klagenfurt in which Jörg Haider died. Photograph: Daniel Raunig/Getty Images
Saturday 11 October 2008 04.38 EDT
First published on Saturday 11 October 2008 04.38 EDT
Close
This article is 8 years old
The controversial Austrian far-right leader Jörg Haider was killed in a car accident today, two weeks after staging a comeback in national elections.
His car veered off the road near the southern city of Klagenfurt and overturned while trying to overtake another vehicle, according to police officials. There was no sign of foul play.
Haider, who was 58, suffered severe injuries to his head and chest and was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead. Haider was alone in the car at the time of the accident.
Jörg Haider. Photograph: Dieter Nagl/AFP/Getty
The populist Haider was governor of the province of Carinthia and leader of the far-right Alliance for the Future of Austria .
"For us, it's like the end of the world," Haider's spokesman, Stefan Petzner, told the Austria Press Agency.
The Austrian president, Heinz Fischer, described Haider's death as a "human tragedy."
In 1999, Haider received 27% of the vote in national elections as leader of the Freedom party. The party's subsequent inclusion in the government led to months of European Union sanctions as Haider's statements were seen as anti-Semitic.
Haider significantly toned down his rhetoric and in 2005 broke away from the Freedom party to form the new alliance, which was meant to reflect a turn toward relative moderation.
Last month Austria's far right took almost 30% of the vote in a parliamentary election, exploiting national discontent about immigration and squabbling mainstream governing parties.
Haider sought to distance himself from his right-wing past, which included a comment in 1991 that the Third Reich had an "orderly employment policy" and a 1995 reference to concentration camps as "the punishment camps of National Socialism".
He is survived by his wife, two daughters and his mother, whose 90th birthday he and his family had planned to celebrate over the weekend.
Question:
Which Austrian far right leader was killed in a car crash in October 2008 ?
Answer:
Joerg Haider
Passage:
Helter Skelter (book)
Helter Skelter (1974) is a true crime book by Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry. Bugliosi had served as the prosecutor in the 1970 trial of Charles Manson. The book presents his firsthand account of the cases of Manson, Susan Atkins, Patricia Krenwinkel, and other members of the self-described Manson Family.  It is the best-selling true crime book in history.

Description 

The book recounts and assesses the investigation, arrest, and prosecution of Charles Manson and his followers for the notorious 1969 murders of Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, actress Sharon Tate, and several others. 

The book takes its title from the apocalyptic race war that Manson believed would occur, which in turn took its name from "Helter Skelter" by The Beatles. Manson had been particularly fascinated by the Beatles' White Album, from which the song came.

Reception and legacy 

Helter Skelter was first published in the United States in 1974 and became a bestseller. The book won the 1975 Edgar Award for Best Fact Crime book,  and was the basis for two television films, released in 1976 and 2004.   At the time of Bugliosi's death in 2015, it had sold over seven million copies, making it the best-selling true crime book in history.

The book was the main influence for the story line of the 2008 movie The Strangers.  

Since its initial hardcover edition, the book has had several printings as a mass market paperback.  A 25th anniversary edition (since the crimes) was published in 1994 with an update added by Bugliosi.  Bugliosi himself narrated the Talking Books unabridged audiobook at the time of the book's original release, and read an abridged version of his update for the 25th anniversary edition abridged audiobook read by Robert Foxworth.  Audible.com commissioned Scott Brick to read an unabridged version of the 25th anniversary edition in 2011.
Question:
The 1974 book Helter Skelter, co-written by lawyer Vincent Bugliosi, recounts whose famous crime?
Answer:
Charles manson family
