Passage:
Tench
The tench or doctor fish (Tinca tinca) is a fresh- and brackish-water fish of the cyprinid family found throughout Eurasia from Western Europe including the British Isles east into Asia as far as the Ob and Yenisei Rivers. It is also found in Lake Baikal. It normally inhabits slow-moving freshwater habitats, particularly lakes and lowland rivers.B. Whitton (1982). Rivers, Lakes and Marshes p 163. Hodder & Staughton, London. In Germany, the tench is called Schlei.

Ecology

The tench is most often found in still waters with a clay or muddy substrate and abundant vegetation.A. F. Magri MacMahon (1946). Fishlore, pp 156-158. Pelican Books. This species is rare in clear waters across stony substrate, and is absent altogether from fast-flowing streams. It tolerates water with a low oxygen concentration, being found in waters where even the carp cannot survive.

Tench feed mostly at night with a preference for animals, such as chironomids, on the bottom of eutrophic watershttp://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1095-8649.1996.tb01481.x/abstract and snails and pea clams in well-vegetated waters.

Breeding takes place in shallow water usually among aquatic plants where the sticky green eggs can be deposited. Spawning usually occurs in summer, and as many as 300,000 eggs may be produced.A. Lawrence Wells (date unknown). Observer Book of Freshwater Fishes, pp 101-105. Frederick Warne & Co. Growth is rapid, and fish may reach a weight of 0.11 kg (0.25 lb) within the first year.

Morphology

Tench have a stocky, carp-like shape and olive-green skin, darker above and almost golden below. The caudal fin is square in shape. The other fins are distinctly rounded in shape. The mouth is rather narrow and provided at each corner with a very small barbel. Maximum size is 70 cm, though most specimens are much smaller.G. Sterba (1962). Freshwater Fishes of the World pp 249-250. Vista Books, London. A record fish caught in 2001 in England had a weight of 15 lb 3 oz (6.89 kg). The eyes are small and red-orange in colour.Females can reach weights of around 7 kg, although 4 kg is considered large. Males rarely reach over 3 kg. Sexual dimorphism is weak, limited to the adult females having a more convex ventral profile when compared with males. Males may also possess a very thick and flattened outer ray to the ventral fins. Males are generally smaller than females, but can be recognised by having more curved lower fins and noticeable muscles around the base of the fins generally absent in female.

The tench has very small scales, which are deeply imbedded in a thick skin, making it as slippery as an eel. Folklore has it that this slime cured any sick fish that rubbed against it, and from this belief arose the name doctor fish.

Golden tench

An artificially bred variety of tench called the golden tench  is a popular ornamental fish for ponds. This form varies in colour from pale gold through to dark red, and some fish have black or red spots on the flanks and fins. Though somewhat similar to the goldfish, because these fish have such small scales, their quality is rather different.

Economic significance

Tench are edible, working well in recipes that would otherwise call for carp. They are an important target for coarse angling and are used as fodder for predatory species such as bass. Tench, particularly golden tench, are also kept as ornamental fish in ponds and less frequently aquaria.Dick Mills (2000). Understanding Coldwater Fish, p 106. Interpet Publishing. ISBN 1-903098-10-6

Angling

Large tench may be found in gravel pits or deep, slow-moving waters with a clayey or silty bottom and copious  aquatic vegetation. The best methods and bait to catch tench are float fishing and legering with a swim feeder using maggots, sweetcorn, pellets, bread, and worms. Fish over 1 kg (2 lb) in weight are very strong fighters when caught on a rod.A. Lawrence Wells (date unknown). Observer Book of Freshwater Fishes, pp 101-103. Frederick Warne & Co.
Question:
Which fish, Tinca tinca, do anglers call the ‘doctor fish’?
Answer:
Tincinae
Passage:
See No Evil, Hear No Evil
See No Evil, Hear No Evil is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller and produced by Marvin Worth for TriStar Pictures. It stars Richard Pryor as a blind man and Gene Wilder as a deaf man who work together to thwart a trio of murderous thieves. This is the third film reuniting Wilder and Pryor who had appeared previously in Silver Streak (1976) and Stir Crazy (1980).

Plot summary

A blind man named Wally Karew (Richard Pryor) and a deaf man named Dave Lyons (Gene Wilder) meet when Wally applies for a job in Dave's New York City concession shop. 
After a brief period of confusion and antagonism, Wally and Dave become close friends. Dave reads lips and guides Wally when they travel, and Wally tells Dave about invisible sounds and what people say behind his back. At a local bar, Wally defeats an aggressive bully in a fistfight with assistance from Dave, who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is. Dave hires Wally.

One morning, as Wally waits outside for the day's newspapers, a man walks into Dave's shop. When the man is approached by a beautiful woman named Eve (Joan Severance), he quickly removes a gold coin from a suitcase and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter.  The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man in the stomach as Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information on a box of antacid pills.  Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting, but he notices Eve's legs as she leaves the shop.  Wally, who heard the gunshot, walks into the shop and trips over the man's dead body.  Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun, which Eve left at the scene.  When the police arrive, they find Dave and Wally standing over the body with Dave holding the gun. Before they are arrested, Dave tells Wally to collect the coins from the box.

At the police station, Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock (Alan North), a talented but merciless detective who immediately hates them and makes them his prime suspects. When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo (Kevin Spacey) - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out by posing as attorneys, Wally recognizes Eve's perfume and Dave recognizes her legs, but Braddock ignores them when they insist that she is the killer. Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo when they are released, Dave and Wally escape from the police station, but the criminals soon find them. Eve takes the coin from Wally's pocket and telephones her boss Mr. Sutherland (Anthony Zerbe) for instructions, allowing Dave to learn the criminals' plans by reading her lips.  When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally, they use the fistfighting method they learned in the bar to knock him unconscious. They then steal an unattended police car, and drive away with Eve, Kirgo and Braddock chasing them. Working together to guide the patrol car, Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals, but they accidentally launch the car onto a waterborne garbage barge.

After hiding the police car, the two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally's sister Adele (Childs) for help. The police follow Adele and search her motel room, but she, Wally, and Dave avoid detection, and they drive away after the police have left. Having incorrectly read Eve's lips, Dave believes they need to find a woman named "Grace George", but Adele realizes that Eve must have been referring to a resort called "Great Gorge". At the resort, Wally impersonates a visiting professor while Dave steals the coin from Eve. Meanwhile, Adele distracts Kirgo by crashing her car into his. However, Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her to Sutherland's estate.

After a tragic mishap with the car, Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action, with the result that Adele escapes but the two men are captured. In his study, Sutherland reveals that the coin is a room-temperature superconductor, which is extremely valuable. Kirgo and Sutherland are killed during an argument over sharing the profits from the coin's theft, after which Dave and Wally escape the study and have a violent altercation with Eve and her helicopter pilot. When the police arrive, the remaining criminals are arrested, and Wally and Dave are released having been cleared of the charges. Shortly thereafter, the two men go to a local park and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other's head; enjoying each other's company.

Cast

* Richard Pryor – Wallace "Wally" Karew
* Gene Wilder – Dave Lyons
* Joan Severance – Eve
* Kevin Spacey – Kirgo
* Alan North – Braddock
* Anthony Zerbe – Sutherland
* Louis Giambalvo – Gatlin
* Kirsten Childs – Adele

Reception

TriStar Pictures was looking to produce another film starring Wilder and Pryor, and Wilder agreed to do See No Evil, Hear No Evil only if he was allowed to re-write the script. The studio agreed and See No Evil, Hear No Evil premiered on May 1989 to mostly negative reviews. Many critics praised Wilder's and Pryor's, and Kevin Spacey's performances, but they mostly agreed that the script was terrible. Roger Ebert called it "a real dud",  the Deseret Morning News described the film as "stupid", with an "idiotic script" that had a "contrived story" and too many "juvenile gags."  On the other hand Vincent Canby called it "by far the most successful co-starring vehicle for Mr. Pryor and Mr. Wilder", while also acknowledging that "this is not elegant movie making, and not all of the gags are equally clever."  

The film holds 18% of positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. Despite the negative reviews, the film was a box office success for its time, able to stay at number one for two weeks.
Question:
Who plays the blind man in the 1989 comedy film ‘See No Evil, Hear No Evil’?
Answer:
Richard prior
Passage:
Denis Papin
Denis Papin (22 August 1647 – c. 1712) was a French physicist, mathematician and inventor, best known for his pioneering invention of the steam digester, the forerunner of the pressure cooker, and of the steam engine.

Life in France

Born in Chitenay (Loir-et-Cher, Centre Région), Papin attended a Jesuit school there, and from 1661 attended University at Angers, from which he graduated with a medical degree in 1669.  In 1673, while working with Christiaan Huygens and Gottfried Leibniz in Paris, he became interested in using a vacuum to generate motive power.

First visit to London

Papin first visited London in 1675, and worked with Robert Boyle from 1676 to 1679, publishing an account of his work in Continuation of New Experiments (1680).  During this period, Papin invented the steam digester, a type of pressure cooker with a safety valve.  He first addressed the Royal Society in 1679 on the subject of his digester, and remained mostly in London until about 1687, when he left to take up an academic post in Germany.

Germany

As a Huguenot, Papin found himself greatly affected by the increasing restrictions placed on Protestants by Louis XIV of France and by the King's ultimate revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. In Germany he was able to live with fellow Huguenot exiles from France.

In 1689, Papin suggested that a force pump or bellows could maintain the pressure and fresh air inside a diving bell. (Engineer John Smeaton utilised this design in 1789.)

While in Marburg in 1690, having observed the mechanical power of atmospheric pressure on his 'digester', Papin built a model of a piston steam engine, the first of its kind.

Papin continued to work on steam engines for the next fifteen years. In 1695 he moved from Marburg to Kassel. In 1705 he developed a second steam engine with the help of Gottfried Leibniz, based on an invention by Thomas Savery, but this used steam pressure rather than atmospheric pressure.  Details of the engine were published in 1707.

During his stay in Kassel in Hesse, in 1704, he constructed a ship powered by his steam engine, mechanically linked to paddles. This made him the first to construct a steam-powered boat (or vehicle of any kind). Later, at the iron foundry in Veckerhagen (now Reinhardshagen), he cast the world's first steam cylinder.

Return to London

Papin returned to London in 1707, leaving his wife in Germany.  Several of his papers were put before the Royal Society between 1707 and 1712 without acknowledging or paying him, about which he complained bitterly. Papin's ideas included a description of his 1690 atmospheric steam engine, similar to that built and put into use by Thomas Newcomen in 1712, thought to be the year of Papin's death.

The last surviving evidence of Papin's whereabouts came in a letter he wrote dated 23 January 1712. At the time he was destitute, and it is believed he died that year and was buried in an unmarked pauper's pit.

A record exists for the burial of a “Denys Papin” in an 18th century Register of Marriages & Burials  which originally came from St Bride's Church, Fleet Street, London, but which is now stored in the London Metropolitan Archives. The record states that Denys Papin was buried at St Bride's on the 26th of August 1713 – just a few days after his 66th birthday - and that he was laid to rest in the Lower Ground, one of the two burial areas belonging to the church at the time.
Question:
Which kitchen appliance was invented by Denis Papin in 1679?
Answer:
PRESSURE COOKER
Passage:
George Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon
George Edward Stanhope Molyneux Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon, DL (26 June 1866 – 5 April 1923), styled Lord Porchester until 1890, was an English aristocrat best known as the financial backer of the search for and the excavation of Tutankhamun's tomb in the Valley of the Kings.

Background and education

Styled Lord Porchester from birth, he was born at the family seat, Highclere Castle, in Hampshire, the only son of Henry Herbert, 4th Earl of Carnarvon, a distinguished Tory statesman, by his first wife Lady Evelyn Stanhope, daughter of George Stanhope, 6th Earl of Chesterfield. Aubrey Herbert was his half-brother.  He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge.  He inherited the Bretby Hall estate from his maternal grandmother, Anne Elizabeth, Dowager Countess of Chesterfield (1802–1885), and succeeded his father in the earldom in 1890. 

Horse racing

Exceedingly wealthy, Carnarvon was at first best known as an owner of racehorses and a reckless driver of early cars, suffering in 1901 a serious motoring accident near Bad Schwalbach in Germany which left him significantly disabled. In 1902, he established Highclere Stud to breed thoroughbred racehorses.  In 1905, he was appointed one of the Stewards at the new Newbury Racecourse. His family has maintained the connection ever since. His grandson, the 7th Earl, was racing manager to Queen Elizabeth II from 1969, and one of Her Majesty's closest friends.

Egyptology

Lord Carnarvon was an enthusiastic amateur Egyptologist, undertaking in 1907 to sponsor the excavation of nobles' tombs in Deir el-Bahri (Thebes). Howard Carter joined him as his assistant in the excavations.  It is now established that it was Gaston Maspero, then Director of the Antiquities Department, who proposed Carter to Lord Carnarvon.  He received in 1914 the concession to dig in the Valley of the Kings, in replacement of Theodore Davis who had resigned. In 1922, he and Howard Carter together opened the tomb of Tutankhamun in the Valley of the Kings, exposing treasures unsurpassed in the history of archaeology.

Family

Lord Carnarvon married Almina Victoria Maria Alexandra Wombwell,  illegitimate daughter of millionaire banker Alfred de Rothschild,  at St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, on 26 June 1895. They had two children:

* Henry George Herbert, 6th Earl of Carnarvon (1898–1987), who married Anne Catherine Tredick Wendell (d.1977) and had one son, the 7th. Earl and a daughter. They divorced in 1936 and from 1939 to 1947, he was married to actress/dancer Tilly Losch. 
* Lady Evelyn Leonora Almina Herbert (15 August 1901 – 1980), who married Sir Brograve Beauchamp, 2nd Baronet and had issue. 

Death

On 19 March 1923 Carnarvon suffered a severe mosquito bite infected by a razor cut. On 5 April, he died in the Continental-Savoy Hotel in Cairo.  This led to the story of the "Curse of Tutankhamun", the "Mummy's Curse". His death is most probably explained by blood poisoning (progressing to pneumonia) after accidentally shaving a mosquito bite infected with erysipelas.

Carnarvon's tomb, appropriately for an archaeologist, is located within an ancient hill fort overlooking his family seat at Beacon Hill, Burghclere, Hampshire.  Carnarvon was survived by his wife Almina, who remarried, and their two children.

In popular culture

Carnarvon has been portrayed in popular culture in film, video game and television productions: 
* Harry Andrews in the 1980 Columbia Pictures Television production The Curse of King Tut's Tomb.
* Julian Curry in the 1998 IMAX documentary Mysteries of Egypt.
* Julian Wadham in the 2005 BBC docudrama Egypt.
* Evelyn Carnahan from the film The Mummy is an homage to Lord Carnarvon's daughter, Lady Evelyn.
* Lord Carnarvon, quest leader for the Archaeologist role in the classic text-based video game Nethack.
Other popular culture information:
* His country house, Highclere Castle, serves as the location of the ITV/PBS television series Downton Abbey, except that the downstairs scenes are filmed on a set in London, as Highclere's basement is the home of Carnarvon's Egyptian collections. Highclere is owned by the present earl.

Ancestry

Works

*
Question:
George Herbert, Earl of Carnarvon (1866-1923) was an English aristocrat best known as the financier for the excavation of what?
Answer:
Tomb of Tutankhamun
Passage:
International Polo Cup
The International Polo Cup, also called the Newport Cup and the Westchester Cup is a trophy in polo that was created in 1876 and was played for by teams from the United States and England. The match has varied in length over the years from a single game to the best of three games. In 1886 it was decided to make the polo match a continuing competition. There were a total of 12 matches conducted between 1886 and 1939 between the two countries. The tournament was revived in 1992.  the last match was held on July 28, 2013 at Guards Polo Club. 

History

The cup was first awarded to the team of Sir John Watson in 1876 in Newport, Rhode Island. The cup was later purchased by a subscription and presented to the Westchester Polo Club in 1886. It was won again in 1886 and 1902 by English teams from the Hurlingham Club. In 1909 James Montaudevert Waterbury, Jr., Lawrence Waterbury, Harry Payne Whitney and Devereaux Milburn formed a team, dubbed the Big Four, that won the cup from the English.  The same team was successful in 1911 and 1913, but lost the cup to England in 1914. In the 1920s and 1930s, the Westchester Cup was the most anticipated event on the sporting calendar in the United States.  

Winner

The cup has been won a total of 10 times by the United States and 6 times by England, including the initial 1876 match. The match was suspended in the 1940s due to World War II and was not revived until the 1990s.
Question:
In which sport do Great Britain and the USA compete for the Westchester Cup?
Answer:
Ice polo
Passage:
Adam Faith Biography - Biography Base Home
Adam Faith Biography
Adam Faith Biography
Adam Faith (June 23, 1940 - March 8, 2003) was a British singer and actor.
He was born Terence (Terry) Nelhams-Wright in Acton in West London. He was unaware that his real surname was Nelhams-Wright until he applied for a passport and obtained his birth certificate. He was known as Terry Nelhams in his early life.
Adam Faith was one of Britain's early pop stars. His first hit, "What Do You Want", came in 1959, and with subsequent songs like "Poor Me" "Don't that Beat All" and "Someone Else's Baby" he established himself as a serious rival to Cliff Richard in British pop music. His style and looks were in complete contrast to Cliff's, offering a real alternative for the teenage market. Like most contemporary pop singers, he did not write his own material, and much of his early success was attributable to his partnership with John Barry.
Faith's brand of sometimes rather twee pop ("Lonely Pup (In a Christmas Shop)") became less popular through the 1960s in the face of competition from groups like the Beatles, and he began an alternative career as an actor. While still a musician he had appeared in films such as Beat Girl (1961), but now he concentrated on acting in the theatre. In the 1970s he went into music management, managing Leo Sayer among others.
He appeared in the 1970s television series Budgie, about an ex-convict, but after a car accident as a result of which he almost lost a leg, his career suffered something of a decline. It restarted in 1975 when he landed a major role as the manipulative manager of rock star David Essex in the film Stardust. In the early 1990s, Faith had another hit TV series in Love Hurts with Zoe Wanamaker.
In the 1980s Adam Faith's interests moved from show business to finance and he became a financial investments advisor. In 1986 he was hired as a financial journalist, by the Daily Mail and its sister paper the Mail on Sunday. He also had an involvement with the television Money Channel. But the channel proved to be an unsuccessful venture and closed down in 2001. Adam Faith was declared bankrupt owing a reported ï¿½32m.
He had had heart problems since 1986 when he underwent open heart surgery. He became ill after his stage performance in Stoke on Trent on the Friday evening and died in hospital of a heart attack early on Saturday morning, March 8, 2003.
Michael Caine, (born Maurice Micklewhite) said that his mother worked with Adam's mother in their early days, but because each, of course, referred to her son by his real name, they never made the connection to each other's already well-known offspring.
Question:
British singer and actor Terence Nelhams-Wright was better known by what name?
Answer:
Terry Nelhams-Wright
Passage:
Frown
A frown (also known as a scowl) is a facial expression in which the eyebrows are brought together, and the forehead is wrinkled, usually indicating displeasure, sadness or worry, or less often confusion or concentration.
The appearance of a frown varies by culture. Although most technical definitions define it as a wrinkling of the brow, in North America it is primarily thought of as an expression of the mouth. In those cases when used iconically, as with an emoticon, it is entirely presented by the curve of the lips forming a down-open curve. The mouth expression is also commonly referred to in the colloquial English phrase "turn that frown upside down" which indicates changing from sad to happy.

Description

Charles Darwin described the primary act of frowning as the furrowing of the brow which leads to a rise in the upper lip and a down-turning of the corners of the mouth. While the appearance of a frown varies from culture to culture, there appears to be some degree of universality to the recognition of the frown as a negative facial expression. In fact, frowning as a component of anger or disgust is widely recognized as a universal expression easily recognized across cultures.  This universality suggests a shared adaptive quality to frowning allowing for social communication of negative emotional states. 

Scott Fahlman first suggested the use of the colon with the left parenthesis to iconically represent a frowning face on the Internet in what has become a well-known emoticon. In this form the frown is entirely presented as a curve of the lips facing away from the eyes.
Specifically, frowns that incorporate the furrowing of the brow are a response to perceived obstacles to the achievement of goals, while frowns that involve movement of the cheeks reflect an unpleasant reaction. Just as smiling alone can make one feel better, frowning can make one feel worse. In a scientific study participants that held their face in a frown ranked images as more unpleasant than participants who viewed the images with a neutral facial expression. In a similar test, participants reported increased anger with the manipulated expression of a frown and they also ranked cartoons they saw as less funny than participants with the manipulated expression of a smile. 

Social behavior

In social settings frowns are most frequently used to express a range of negative emotions including anger and displeasure. However there are social differences that dictate who is allowed to frown in any given social setting. Socially dominant individuals are more likely to frown than those of a lower social status. Individuals with a high social status are permitted to display their emotions more freely, while low dominance individuals are expected to show signs of affiliation.
  It is considered more socially acceptable for men to display negative emotions than women; women also tend to be less likely to frown than men. Unlike smiling, frowns do not appear to be directly socially contagious; seeing someone frown does not necessarily make you frown. However, in a scientific study participants that were subliminally exposed to frowning faces, were more likely to react with a frown when later shown a neutral face. Frowns can also increase counter-empathy reactions. When the loser of a competition frowns it increases brain responses associated with pleasure in the winner, which is possibly related to the feeling of schadenfreude experienced when witnessing the misfortune of others.  Frowns also contribute to impressions formed even during brief encounters with other individuals. When shown a 30-second video clip (without audio) of a frowning college professor, students tend to rate the professor poorly on evaluations.

Muscles used

It is a long-held belief that it takes more muscles to frown than it does to smile.  It is difficult to determine exactly how many muscles are involved in smiling or frowning as there is a wide range of facial expressions that might be considered a frown or a smile. At minimum ten muscles are required to smile in which only the upper lip and corners of the mouth are lifted. A similarly minimal frown requires only six muscles to lower the corners of the mouth. According to plastic surgeon Dr. David H. Song of the University of Chicago Medical Center, however, frowning requires 11 muscles while smiling requires 12. This method of counting the number of muscles used in generating a facial expression does not take into account the energy consumed by each muscle or the individual variability in facial muscles. While humans share facial musculature to express the universal emotions, some humans have more muscles in their face and may use more of them when smiling or frowning.
Question:
Which uses more facial muscles a frown or a smile?
Answer:
Frowning
Passage:
What do you call a group of witches? | Reference.com
What do you call a group of witches? | Reference.com
What do you call a group of witches?
A:
Quick Answer
A group of witches is known as a coven, and it was suggested throughout the biggest part of the 20th Century that witches in Europe met in covens consisting of 13 witches. In modern times, followers and practitioners of Wicca, who are known as Wiccans, gather in covens in much the same way that Christians gather in congregations.
Full Answer
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, it is thought that the word "coven" originated in the medieval Scotland around the year 1500, and it was originally used to denote a gathering of any kind. It is a derivative of the Latin "to come together or to gather," which is "convenire." This Latin etymology is also behind the word "convene."
The word "coven" was first recorded in use during the trial of a Scottish witch in 1662 — Isobel Gowdie. The term was not commonly applied until 1921, when folklorist Margaret Murray promoted the notion of covens being made up of 13 witches.
Although covens of yesteryear probably met in secret locations due to the continual misunderstanding of those who practice non-traditional religions (a behavior that might get them burned at the stake,) today's witches have the option of joining an online coven. Most internet covens have membership numbers of 100 or less, and many of them are subscription based.
Question:
What is the name for a group of witches?
Answer:
Coven
Passage:
Why did Noah release a raven? Why did he later release a ...
Why did Noah release a raven? Why did he later release a dove (Genesis 8)?
Why did Noah release a raven? Why did he later release a dove (Genesis 8)?
 
Subscribe to our Question of the Week :
Question: "Why did Noah release a raven? Why did he later release a dove (Genesis 8)?"
Answer: Following the Genesis flood, as the ark was resting on Mount Ararat, Noah released a raven and dove from the ark at different times. The goal in sending these birds was to determine if the flood waters had abated enough for Noah and his family to exit the ark.
In Genesis 8:6-7 we read, “At the end of forty days Noah opened the window of the ark that he had made and sent forth a raven. It went to and fro until the waters were dried up from the earth.” The “40 days” here is after the tops of the mountains were visible (verse 5), over seven months after the flood began. A raven was released and apparently never returned. No reason is provided regarding why a raven was selected rather than another bird. However, raven can eat carrion and would feed off dead animals in the water. A dove, on the other hand, would return to its point of origin if no land was found.
Noah sent a dove in Genesis 8:8-9: “Then he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters had subsided from the face of the ground. But the dove found no place to set her foot, and she returned to him to the ark, for the waters were still on the face of the whole earth. So he put out his hand and took her and brought her into the ark with him.” The dove returned with no indication that a place had been found to alight.
A week later, in Genesis 8:10-11, Noah sent the dove again: “He waited another seven days, and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark. And the dove came back to him in the evening, and behold, in her mouth was a freshly plucked olive leaf. So Noah knew that the waters had subsided from the earth.” Things had begun to grow once again; the earth was becoming more habitable.
Another week passed. Then, in Genesis 8:12, Noah sends out the dove one more time: “Then he waited another seven days and sent forth the dove, and she did not return to him anymore.” The dove had no need to return to the ark, since it had found a home on land. The ark could soon be emptied, and humanity could begin to establish itself again in the world.
From Genesis 7:11 to 8:14, we know that the flood lasted a total of one year and ten days. The raven and the dove were released over a period of 21 days after the mountaintops became visible (Genesis 8:10-12). The raven served as a first attempt to discover dry land, and the dove became Noah’s way of determining when to leave the ark.
Question:
What bird was first released by Noah?
Answer:
Corbies
Passage:
List of national parks of England and Wales
Within England and Wales there are thirteen areas known as national parks, each administered by its own national park authority, a special purpose local authority, the role of which as set out in the Environment Act 1995 is: to conserve and enhance the natural beauty, wildlife and cultural heritage of the National Parks. and to promote opportunities for the understanding and enjoyment of the special qualities of the National Parks by the public. The national park authority for each park addresses these aims in partnership with other organisations, such as the National Trust. In cases where there may be conflict between the two purposes of designation, the first must take precedence under the Sandford Principle. The national park authorities also have a duty to foster the economic and social wellbeing of communities in pursuit of these purposes. 

Legal designation

National parks are designated under the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 and must be confirmed by the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. The 1949 Act came about after a prolonged campaign for public access to the countryside in the United Kingdom with its roots in the Industrial Revolution. The first 'freedom to roam' bill was introduced to Parliament in 1884 by James Bryce but it was not until 1931 that a government inquiry recommended the creation of a 'National Park Authority' to select areas for designation as national parks. Despite the recommendation and continued lobbying and demonstrations of public discontent, such as the 1932 Kinder Scout mass trespass in the Peak District, nothing further was done until a 1945 white paper on national parks was produced as part of the Labour Party's planned post-war reconstruction, leading in 1949 to the passing of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act. 

In England and Wales, as in Scotland, designation as a national park means that the area has been identified as being of importance to the national heritage and as such is worthy of special protection and attention. Unlike the model adopted in many other countries, such as the USA and Germany, this does not mean the area is owned by the state. National parks may include substantial settlements and human land uses which are often integral parts of the landscape, and within a national park there are many landowners including public bodies and private individuals.

Origins and growth

The first national park, and site of the Kinder Scout trespass, the Peak District, was designated in April 1951 under the Clement Attlee led Labour administration, eight months before the end of King George VI's reign. This was followed in the same year by the designations of three more national parks; the Lake District, Snowdonia and Dartmoor. By the end of the decade the national park family had increased to ten with the Pembrokeshire Coast, North York Moors, Yorkshire Dales, Exmoor, Northumberland and Brecon Beacons national parks all being designated. The Norfolk and Suffolk Broads, the eleventh member of the national park family, was designated through its own Act of Parliament in 1988 gaining status equivalent to that of a national park. Separate legislation was passed in Scotland, namely the National Parks (Scotland) Act 2000, and from this two Scottish national parks, the Cairngorms and Loch Lomond and The Trossachs, were created. Of the original twelve proposed English and Welsh national parks, two remained undesignated going into the new millennium - the Cambrian Mountains and Cornish Coast. The New Forest became a national park in 2005 and the South Downs was formally designated on 31 March 2010. All fifteen United Kingdom national parks are represented by the Association of National Park Authorities.

Of the ten national parks in England, five are in the northern counties, two in the southwest counties, one in the east, and the most recent two designations in the south. In total, the national parks touch only sixteen English counties and cover 9.3% of England, with no national park in the central counties. The three national parks of Wales by contrast occupy 19.9% of the land. The Lake District National Park at  is the largest National Park in England and second largest in the United Kingdom after Scotland's Cairngorms National Park. Snowdonia National Park, at , is Wales' largest national park and the third largest in the United Kingdom. The smallest national park in England and Wales, and in the United Kingdom, is The Broads at 303 km2. The total area of the national parks in England and Wales is approximately 16267 km2, for an average of 1,251 square kilometres but a median of 1,344 square kilometres.  In the United Kingdom the total increases to 22,660 square kilometres (average 1511 km2). The most-visited national park is the Lake District, with 15.8 million visitors in 2009, although by visitor days the South Downs at 39 million compares to 23.1 million for the Lake District.

Other designated landscapes

The United Kingdom has a number of other designated landscape areas besides its national parks. Most similar to the parks are Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty which differ in part because of their more limited opportunities for extensive outdoor recreation.  Dartmoor, the Lake District, North York Moors and the Yorkshire Dales all abut AONBs and in addition the coasts of Exmoor and the North York Moors coincide with heritage coasts.  All the Parks contain in varying numbers Sites of Special Scientific Interest and national nature reserves. A part of the Brecon Beacons National Park is also designated a European Geopark. Of the various World Heritage Sites in England and Wales, none are national parks in themselves though a part of the Blaenavon Industrial Landscape World Heritage Site falls within the Brecon Beacons National Park. 

National parks
Question:
With an area of 1,641 square kilometers, which is England's newest National Park? It became established on April 1st 2011?
Answer:
Sussex Downs
Passage:
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit is a novel by Jeanette Winterson published in 1985, which she subsequently adapted into a BBC television drama of the same name. It is a coming-of-age story about a lesbian girl who grows up in an English Pentecostal community. Key themes of the book include transition from youth to adulthood, complex family relationships, same sex relationships, and religion.

In the UK, it has been included on both GCSE and A Level curriculums, such as the OCR English Literature A Level, Literature Post 1900. 

Background

The book and subsequent BBC mini series are semi-autobiographical and are generally based on Winterson's life in Accrington, Lancashire, where she lived after moving from her birth town Manchester. "I wrote about some of these things in Oranges, and when it was published, my mother sent me a furious note."   A parallel non-fictional account of her life at this time is given in her 2011 memoir, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?  Although the protagonist of Oranges bears the author's first name, John Mullan has argued that it is neither an autobiography nor a memoir, but a Künstlerroman. 

Plot

The main character is a young girl named Jeanette, who is adopted by evangelists from the Elim Pentecostal Church. She believes she is destined to become a missionary. The book depicts religious enthusiasm as an exploration of the power of love. As an adolescent, Jeanette finds herself attracted to another girl, and her mother's group of religious friends subject her and her partner to exorcisms.

Reception

The novel won Winterson the Whitbread Award for a First Novel in 1985.

Although it is sometimes referred to as a "lesbian novel",  Winterson has objected to this label, arguing, "I've never understood why straight fiction is supposed to be for everyone, but anything with a gay character or that includes gay experience is only for queers."

Adaptations

A television adaptation of the book was made and aired by the BBC in 1990, starring Charlotte Coleman and Geraldine McEwan, which won the Prix Italia in 1991. 

The book was released on cassette by BBC Audiobooks in 1990, also read by Coleman. 

It was also adapted into a BBC Radio 4 drama, broadcast as two one hour episodes.  It was broadcast on Sunday 10 and 11 April 2016, repeated the following Saturdays.
Question:
Whose first novel published in 1985 was Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit?
Answer:
Written on the Body
Passage:
harpy : definition of harpy and synonyms of harpy (English)
harpy : definition of harpy and synonyms of harpy (English)
Siren , sphinx , centaur
In Greek mythology , a harpy ("snatcher", from Latin : harpeia, originating in Greek : ἅρπυια, harpūia) was one of the winged spirits best known for constantly stealing all food from Phineus . The literal meaning of the word seems to be "that which snatches" as it comes from the ancient Greek word harpazein (ἁρπάζειν), which means "to snatch".
A harpy was the mother by the West Wind Zephyros of the horses of Achilles . [1]
Hesiod [2] calls them two "lovely-haired" creatures, and pottery art depicting the harpies featured beautiful women with wings. Harpies as ugly winged bird-women, e.g. in Aeschylus ' The Eumenides (line 50) are a late development, due to a confusion with the Sirens . Roman and Byzantine writers detailed their ugliness. [3]
Contents
The harpies were sisters of Iris , daughters of Thaumas and Electra . [4]
Phineus , a king of Thrace , had the gift of prophecy . Zeus, angry that Phineas revealed too much, punished him by blinding him and putting him on an island with a buffet of food which he could never eat. The harpies always arrived and stole the food out of his hands before he could satisfy his hunger, and befouled the remains of his food. This continued until the arrival of Jason and the Argonauts . The Boreads , sons of Boreas , the North Wind, who also could fly, succeeded in driving off the harpies, but without killing any of them, following a request from Iris , who promised that Phineas would not be bothered by the harpies again, and "the dogs of great Zeus" returned to their "cave in Minoan Crete". Thankful for their help, Phineas told the Argonauts how to pass the Symplegades . [5]
In this form they were agents of punishment who abducted people and tortured them on their way to Tartarus . They were vicious, cruel and violent. They lived on the islands of the Strophades . They were usually seen as the personifications of the destructive nature of wind. The harpies in this tradition, now thought of as three sisters instead of the original two, were: Aello ("storm swift"), Celaeno ("the dark") — also known as Podarge ("fleet-foot") — and Ocypete ("the swift wing").
Aeneas encountered harpies on the Strophades as they repeatedly made off with the feast the Trojans were setting. Celaeno cursed them, saying the Trojans will be so hungry they will eat their tables before they reach the end of their journey. The Trojans fled in fear.
  Harpies in the infernal wood, from Inferno XIII, by Gustave Doré , 1861
Harpies remained vivid in the Middle Ages. In his Inferno, XIII, Dante envisages the tortured wood infested with harpies, where the suicides have their punishment in the seventh ring of Hell:
Here the repellent harpies make their nests,
Who drove the Trojans from the Strophades
With dire announcements of the coming woe.
They have broad wings, a human neck and face,
Clawed feet and swollen, feathered bellies; they caw
Their lamentations in the eerie trees. [6]
William Blake was inspired by Dante's description in his pencil, ink and watercolour " The Wood of the Self-Murderers: The Harpies and the Suicides " (Tate Gallery, London).
  Heraldry
In the Middle Ages , the harpy, often called the "virgin eagle", became a popular charge in heraldry , particularly in East Frisia , seen on, among others, the coats-of-arms of Rietburg , Liechtenstein , and the Cirksena
  Harpies in reality
The American Harpy Eagle is a real bird named after the mythological animal.
The term is often used metaphorically to refer to a nasty or annoying woman. In Shakespeare 's Much Ado About Nothing , Benedick spots the sharp-tongued Beatrice approaching and exclaims to the Prince, Don Pedro, that he would do an assortment of arduous tasks for him "rather than hold three words conference with this harpy!"
  Harpies in popular culture
With their composite form and violent nature, harpies are depicted in films, television and other aspects of popular culture. Harpies are commonly depicted as a race of bird-women, such as in Philip Pullman 's His Dark Materials book series. Occasionally the classic harpies are referenced by name, such as the appearance of Celaeno in Peter S. Beagle 's novel The Last Unicorn . Harpies are also mentioned in the Percy Jackson series.
The character Mai Valentine in the Yu-gi-oh series uses a card deck based around Harpies.
Harpies appear as a minor enemy throughout the God of War video game series which is loosely based on Greek mythology.
  See also
Question:
What mythical monster In Greek mythology with the face of a woman and the body of a vulture stole food and was an agent of punishment, abducted people and tortured them?
Answer:
Okypete
Passage:
Judith Hann
Judith Hann (born 8 September 1942) at Littleover, Derby, Derbyshire, England, is a freelance broadcaster and writer specialising in science, food and the environment. She is the daughter of former Derby County footballer and trainer Ralph Hann.

Education 

Hann was educated at the selective state girls' school Parkfield Cedars Grammar School in Derby, followed by the University of Durham in Durham, from which she graduated with a BSc Degree in Zoology.

Life and career 

Hann presented BBC's Tomorrow's World between 1974 and 1994. She has since made guest appearances on various TV shows, and has done some TV commercials. In 1997 she appeared in a Shredded Wheat advertisement in which she used her scientific judgement to inform viewers that the product could possibly help keep their hearts healthy. In 2006 she presented a series on BBC Radio 4, Two's A Crowd which searched for the secrets of human identity.  She runs her own media training and presentation skills company with her husband John Exelby.

Personal life 

Judith Hann lives on a farm near the small town of Lechlade, Gloucestershire, in the Cotswolds. She is married to John Exelby, a former executive at BBC News, and has two sons; Jake and Daniel Exelby. She is passionate about herbs and has a very large garden. 

TV appearances 

* Tomorrow's World (BBC1) Presenter (1974–1994) (she was its longest serving presenter.)
* The Risk Business (BBC1) - Presenter (1980)
* Not with a Bang (ITV) - as herself (1990)
* Shooting Stars with Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer (BBC2) - Episode #3.7 (1997) as herself.

Books 

* How Science Works ISBN 0-7513-0832-3 (1991).
* The Food of Love ISBN 1-85225-025-9 (1987).
* Judith Hann's Total Health Plan ISBN 0-552-99242-9 (1984).
* But What About the Children? A Working Parents' Guide to Child Care" ISBN 0-370-10441-2 (1976).
* The Family Scientist ISBN 0-354-04361-7 (1979).
* The Perfect Baby? ISBN 0-297-78125-1 (1982).
Question:
On which TV show was Judith Hann the longest serving presenter, with over 20 years?
Answer:
Tomorrow's World
Passage:
Kings Oak
Kings Oak was the fictional village in the television serial Crossroads which ran on ITV between 1964 and 1988 and returned in 2001 and axed in 2003.

It is sometimes written as King's Oak.

Between 1964 and 1970 most of the scenes of the village were actually all recorded inside the Alpha Television Studios in Aston, Birmingham. Still photographs would be used to illustrate Kings Oak and its locations during episodes; places used for these pictures included Bournville, Yardley and Sutton Coldfield.

Tanworth-in-Arden

In 1970 Crossroads production company, ATV, furnished the serial with the use of an outside broadcast unit to use  for a limited number of episodes a year. This enabled filming to take place in and around "Kings Oak" and so a real-life village was sought. Producer Reg Watson picked the Warwickshire village of Tanworth-in-Arden.

Tanworth-in-Arden was used until the programme's end in 1988; the final scene in Crossroads takes place on the village green.

As well as the village centre being used for Kings Oak, other buildings were also transformed for the series. Tanworth-in-Arden's Bell Inn public house became the Running Stag, St Mary's Church was St Lawrence's and the Tanworth Post Office became the Kings Oak version. Other places in the village used for Crossroads include the exterior of the village general store and the railway station.

"Kings Oak" was supposed to be slightly larger than Tanworth, and in later years the production crew also used Bristol Road in Selly Oak as part of the village. This was supposed to be the main shopping front street.

Village history

Kings Oak, according to a 1964 TV World article on the village, is exactly ten miles south of Birmingham.

The Kings Oak Guidebook, as written by Crossroads creator Peter Ling, (issued by ATV) brings to light some (fictional) facts about the village:

Originally the Village was called 'Slohtran Ford', which means "marshy ford". The hamlet was originally inhabited by foresters who built their huts at the easiest crossing point for the River Slotter, which runs through the centre of "Kings Oak". The name "Kings Oak" comes from the Civil War, when King Charles hid there for a night in a giant oak tree.

In 1969 the village of Kings Oak had 750 inhabitants and was administered by its own Rural Council. The village has two churches, St Lawrence's and the Methodist Church.

The three mainstay pubs were The Crown, The Kings Oak and The Running Stag.

Other locations in the village include the Fairlawns Hotel, Crossroads Motel, Ravoli Cinema, Robins Warehouse and a small police station. The village has a housing estate called Kings Hill.

There are a couple of nearby towns and villages to "Kings Oak", the biggest is Heathbury - an industrial town, which is six miles north of the village centre. Also Castlewich and Merryfields are located nearby.

New series

In 2001 Crossroads was revived by Carlton Television. Despite many aspects of the original series being dropped from the new version, the name of "Kings Oak" was kept as the location of the Crossroads Hotel; however this Kings Oak looked nothing like its predecessor. The new filming locations were Bingham and its market place. Also Redmile featured as part of the village. Both of the Carlton used locations are in Nottinghamshire.
Question:
Kings Oak was the location for which TV soap opera?
Answer:
Crossroad
Passage:
The Butter Battle Book
The Butter Battle Book is a rhyming story written by Dr. Seuss. It was published by Random House on January 12, 1984. It is an anti-war story; specifically, a parable about arms races in general, mutually assured destruction and nuclear weapons in particular. The Butter Battle Book was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year.

This book was written during the Cold War era, and reflects the concerns of the time, especially the perceived possibility that all life on Earth could be destroyed in a nuclear war. It can also be seen as a satirical work, with its depiction of a deadly war based on a senseless conflict over something as trivial as a breakfast food. The concept of a war based on toast is similar to the war between Lilliput and Blefuscu in Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels, which was nominally based on the correct end to crack an egg once soft-boiled.

Plot

The Yooks and the Zooks live on opposite sides of a long curving wall. The Yooks wear blue clothes; the Zooks wear orange. The primary dispute between the two cultures is that the Yooks eat their bread with the butter-side up, while the Zooks eat their bread with the butter-side down. The conflict between the two sides leads to an escalating arms race, which results in the threat of mutual assured destruction.

The race begins when a Zook patrolman named Van Itch slingshots the Yook patrolman's "Tough-Tufted Prickly Snick-Berry Switch" (a many-pronged whip). The Yooks then develop a machine with three slingshots interlinked, called a "Triple-Sling Jigger". This works once; but the Zooks counterattack with their own creation: The "Jigger-Rock Snatchem", a machine with three nets to fling the rocks fired by the Triple-Sling Jigger back to the Yooks' side.

The Yooks then create a gun called the "Kick-A-Poo Kid", loaded with "powerful Poo-A-Doo powder and ants' eggs and bees' legs and dried-fried clam chowder", and carried by a dog named Daniel. The Zooks counterattack with an "Eight-Nozzled Elephant-Toted Boom Blitz", a machine that shoots "high-explosive sour cherry stone pits". The Yooks then devise the "Utterly Sputter": a large blue vehicle intended "to sprinkle blue goo all over the Zooks". The Zooks counterattack with a Sputter identical to the Yooks'. Eventually, each side possesses a small but extremely destructive red bomb called the "Bitsy Big-Boy Boomeroo", and neither has any defense against it.

No resolution is reached by the book's end, with the generals of both sides on the wall poised to drop their bombs and waiting for the other to strike.

Television special

There was an animated TV special by animator and filmmaker Ralph Bakshi, narrated by Charles Durning and produced by and aired on TNT on November 13, 1989. The special followed the book closely, notably in its preservation of its original cliffhanger ending, with the title card "The end... maybe" at the conclusion of the story. Seuss himself called the short the most faithful adaptation of his work. 

Cast
*Charles Durning as Grandfather
*Christopher Collins as Chief Yookeroo
*Clive Revill as Van Itch
*Joseph Cousins as Grandson
*Miriam Flynn as Additional voices

Censorship and analysis

The Butter Battle Book was removed from the shelves of at least one Canadian public library during the Cold War because of the book's position regarding the arms race.  

An article in the July 27, 1984 issue of the conservative magazine National Review found it plausible that the book was not more popular because of Seuss' promotion of a theme of "moral equivalence", where the difference between the Soviet Union and the United States was equivalent to a disagreement over the proper side on which to butter bread.

On the other hand, Roger S. Clark, a professor at Rutgers University School of Law, argued in an article in the New York Law School Law Review that "The Butter Battle Book ... captures the arms race and the development of weapons of war. ... The book struck such a chord with me when it came out in 1984 (which was also Seuss’s eightieth birthday). Something Orwellian about the timing! While its message is timeless, I suspect Seuss was well aware of the context he was writing in. It was a time when many people the world over, especially organizations of doctors and lawyers, were groping their way toward the massive civil society effort that led eventually to the advisory proceedings on nuclear weapons being brought through the World Health Organization (WHO) and the U.N. General Assembly."
Question:
"""The Butter Battle Book"" by Dr. Seuss was a commentary on what real-life ""war""?"
Answer:
COLD WAR
