Passage:
Mo Farah smashes British and European 10,000 metres ...
Mo Farah smashes British and European 10,000 metres records at Prefontaine Classic - Telegraph
Athletics
Mo Farah smashes British and European 10,000 metres records at Prefontaine Classic
He had decamped to the United States in March to try to “step up to the next    level” with new coach Alberto Salazar, but Mo Farah could not have dreamed    the improvement would come so quickly.
Record breaker: Mo Farah has smashed the British and European records for the 10,000 metres Photo: GETTY IMAGES
Follow
On what could well prove a watershed night for British male endurance running, the Somali-born Londoner produced the greatest performance of his life at the Prefontaine Classic in Eugene, Oregon, to smash the British and European 10,000 metres records.
Biding his time at the back of a truly world-class field before hitting the front with 2½ laps remaining, Farah blew away his opponents to cross the line in 26min 46.57sec — comfortably inside the previous 11-year-old European record of 26-52.30 held by Belgium’s Mohammed Mourhit and obliterating Jon Brown’s 1998 British mark of 27-18.14.
His time also took him to the top of this year’s world rankings, not to mention 14th on the world all-time list, and served notice that after his 5,000-10,000m double at last summer’s European Championships in Barcelona, he is now ready to challenge for silverware at world and Olympic level.
To put his performance into context, Farah was more than 14 seconds inside the Olympic record set by Ethiopia’s Kenenisa Bekele when he won the 10,000m gold medal in Beijing in 2008.
It was also vindication of his decision to move his family out to America three months ago to join Salazar’s 'Oregon Project’ in search of the extra seconds that would make him competitive at this summer’s World Championships in South Korea and, more importantly, in his home city next year.
Related Articles
Ennis claims massive win in Austria
29 May 2011
The American coach is renowned for his attention to detail and his willingness to deploy innovative training methods. Farah’s new regime has included long sessions pounding away on an underwater treadmill to increase his strength while minimising the risk of injury.
Farah, 28, who lowered his 10,000m lifetime best by more than 42 seconds, has yet to lose a race since making the switch, having retained his European indoor 3,000m title and scored resounding victories in the New York Half Marathon and last week’s BUPA London 10,000.
Before the Eugene meeting, the fourth leg of the Diamond League series, Farah had declared his intention to challenge the British record.
But, having followed Salazar’s instructions to stay out of trouble and conserve his energy in the first half of the race, he turned his attention to the European mark in the final stages after hearing cries from the trackside that the record was within reach. He duly wound up the pace and covered the last kilometre in 2min 30.72sec.
“I just sat at the back and worked my way through the field,” he said. “I want to thank my coach, who has worked me really hard on the Oregon Project. It’s paid off.”
He added: “If it wasn’t for the crowd I would never have done this. With three laps to go I knew I had the chance for the record.”
Just as impressive as his winning time was the manner in which he outclassed a field loaded with East African talent, including Ethiopian Imane Merga, currently one of the best distance runners in the world and winner of last year’s overall Diamond League 5,000m title.
Like Farah, Merga produced a lifetime best but still finished two seconds behind the Briton, who also claimed the scalps of world silver medallist Zersenay Tadese, who was fifth, and Olympic silver medallist Sileshi Sihine, who was sixth.
Of the 20 athletes who finished the race, 14 set personal bests and nine went under the 27-minute barrier.
Having broken David Moorcroft’s 28-year-old 5,000m record last year, Farah can now claim to be the greatest male distance runner ever to run in a British vest, though he insists he will not be satisfied until he has won a medal on the global stage. That ambition now looks highly achievable.
Ian Stewart, who won the Olympic 5,000m bronze in 1972 and is now UK Athletics’ head of endurance, hailed Farah’s performance as a major breakthrough.
“That run from Mo was quite extraordinary and puts him firmly in the mix with the world’s best athletes,” he said. “This result absolutely shows that British distance runners can take on and beat the best in the world.”
Justin Gatlin finished sixth in a blistering 100 metres at the Diamond League meeting in Eugene tonight.
Gatlin, who is returning from a drugs ban, broke the 10 second barrier with a time of 9.97, but finished well adrift of Jamaica's Steve Mullings who won in a time of 9.80.
Six of the eight runners finished in under 10 seconds as the wind helped in Oregon.
The wind also helped Britain's Greg Rutherford to win the long jump in 8.32m, 2cm further than his record from the 2009 World Championships, but the conditions meant it will not stand as a British record.
South Africa's Caster Semenya made her Diamond League debut in the 800m, but could only manage second place behind Kenia Sinclair.
American Tyson Gay sent a message to Usain Bolt and his other 100m rivals by clocking a scorching 9.79sec at a low-key meeting in Clermont, Florida, to leap to top of the world rankings.
Jamaican sprinter Steve Mullings also threw down the gauntlet with a winning time of 9.80sec at the Prefontaine Classic. Bolt has managed just 9.91sec in his two 100m races so far this year.
Question:
Who was the last Briton to hold the World 5,000 metres world record
Answer:
Dave Moorcroft
Passage:
1987 BDO World Darts Championship
The 1987 Embassy World Darts Championship was held at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green, Surrey between 9 and 17 January 1987. John Lowe, the 1978 champion and four-time runner-up in the event, beat three-time defending champion Eric Bristow in a repeat of the 1981 and 1985 finals.

Seeds

#  Eric Bristow
#  John Lowe
#  Mike Gregory
#  Bob Anderson
#  Dave Whitcombe
#  Jocky Wilson
#  Cliff Lazarenko
#  Keith Deller

Prize money

The prize fund was £62,000.

Champion: £14,000
Runner-Up: £7,000
Semi-Finalists (2): £3,500
Quarter-Finalists (4): £2,900
Last 16 (8): £1,400
Last 32 (16): £700

There was also a 9 Dart Checkout prize of £52,000, along with a High Checkout prize of £1,000.

The Results
Question:
Who was the 1987 World Darts Champion?
Answer:
John Lowe
Passage:
Flags of Europe
This is a list of international, national and subnational flags used in Europe.

Supranational and international flags

Flags of European countries

Flags of other European sovereign entities

Disputed, partially recognised and unrecognised states

Flags of European dependencies

Flags of European sub-divisions

Austria

Belgium

Bosnia and Herzegovina

France

Germany

Many states have separate civil and state versions of their flags; the state flags (listed) include the state arms, while the civil versions don't. See Flags of German states.

Greece

Ireland

Italy

Malta

Netherlands

Portugal

Russia

Serbia

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Ukraine

United Kingdom

Notes
Question:
Which European country's flag is a vertical tricolour black, yellow and red (in that order left to right)?
Answer:
Belguim
Passage:
John Constable | The Hay Wain | NG1207 | National Gallery ...
John Constable | The Hay Wain | NG1207 | National Gallery, London
More paintings in this room
Constable's painting is based on a site in Suffolk, near Flatford on the River Stour. The hay wain, a type of horse-drawn cart, stands in the water in the foreground . Across the meadow in the distance on the right, is a group of haymakers at work. The cottage shown on the left was rented by a farmer called Willy Lott and stands behind Flatford Mill. Today, the cottage and river path are still much as they were in Constable's time.
Although the painting evokes a Suffolk scene, it was created in the artist's studio in London. Constable first made a number of open-air sketches of parts of the scene. He then made a full-size preparatory sketch in oil to establish the composition .
The painting was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1821, the year it was painted, but failed to find a buyer. Yet when exhibited in France, with other paintings by Constable, the artist was awarded a Gold Medal by Charles X.
Share this painting
Question:
John Constable’s ‘Haywain’ depicts a scene on which river?
Answer:
Stour
Passage:
Benjamin Briggs
Benjamin Spooner Briggs (April 24, 1835 – probably November 1872) was an experienced United States seaman and master mariner. He is famous today for being the Captain of the merchant ship Mary Celeste when she was discovered unmanned and drifting in the Atlantic Ocean near the Straits of Gibraltar, on December 4, 1872. The lifeboat was missing, yet the Mary Celeste herself was still under sail and there were signs of a sudden and unexplained abandonment. Benjamin Briggs, his wife Sarah and two-year-old daughter Sophia Matilda, along with the crew of the Mary Celeste, and the lifeboat, were never found and presumed lost.

Maritime career

The Briggs family of Massachusetts had a long maritime connection, and Benjamin Briggs himself spent most of his life at sea. He was an experienced, hardy and able seaman. He reportedly was respected by those who served under him because of his fairness and ability. He worked his way to eventually become a master mariner. Briggs captained the brigantine Sea Foam, and in 1862 became master of the three-masted schooner Forest King. When he took command of the bark Arthur in 1865, he turned over command of the Forest King to his brother, Oliver Briggs. Oliver Briggs was a frequent business partner and sailor with his brother.

Family

Benjamin Briggs was devoutly religious and a believer in abstinence. In 1862, he married Sarah Elizabeth Cobb, daughter of the Reverend Leander Cobb. The newlyweds sailed to Europe in Benjamin's  schooner Forest King. Their son, Arthur S. Briggs, was born in 1865 at the family home at Rose Cottage, Marion, Massachusetts. The following year, the family travelled to Marseilles, France, returning in time for their daughter, Sophia Matilda Briggs, to be born on October 31, 1870 at Rose Cottage.

Mary Celeste

In 1871 Briggs and his brother considered giving up the sea and buying a hardware store in New Bedford. In 1872, however, Benjamin Briggs bought a share in the brigantine Mary Celeste, owned by James Winchester, and made modifications to the cabin to house his family. In late 1872, two-year-old Sophia and his wife Sarah accompanied him on the ill fated voyage from Staten Island, New York, to Genoa, Italy. Their son Arthur stayed with his grandmother at Rose Cottage, Marion, Massachusetts, to attend school.

The following month Briggs' ship was found inexplicably abandoned in the Atlantic Ocean near the Straits of Gibraltar. Briggs, his wife and daughter, and the crew of the Mary Celeste were never found. Their fate remains a mystery.

Legacy

Benjamin Spooner Briggs has living descendants through his son Arthur who was left at home with his grandmother, including Benjamin Yarbrough Briggs, of Boston, Massachusetts and New York City, and John Briggs, of Boston, Massachusetts.  

A cenotaph memorializing the family stands in Evergreen Cemetery, Marion, Massachusetts. The inscription reads: "Capt. Benj S. Briggs born Apr 24, 1835, Sarah E Cobb his wife born Apr 20 1841, Sophia M, their daughter, then 10 mos, born Oct 31, 1870. Lost in Brig Mary Celeste Nov 1872"  

Benjamin Spooner Briggs is the main protagonist in the game Limbo of the Lost, in which Briggs must solve puzzles to escape Limbo.
Question:
Benjamin Briggs was captain of which famous ship?
Answer:
Marie Céleste
Passage:
water, water, everywhere but not a drop to drink - Goodreads
Quote by Samuel Taylor Coleridge: “Water, water, everywhere, And all the boards di...”
We’d love your help.         Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
Question:
The line ‘Water, water, everywhere, nor any drop to drink’ comes from which poem?
Answer:
Rime Of The Ancient Mariner
Passage:
Yves Saint Laurent ad banned for featuring 'unhealthily ...
Yves Saint Laurent ad banned for featuring 'unhealthily underweight' model | The Independent
News
Yves Saint Laurent ad banned for featuring 'unhealthily underweight' model
The ad featured a black-and-white photo of a woman described by the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) as 'unhealthily underweight'
Tuesday 2 June 2015 19:31 BST
Click to follow
Indy Lifestyle Online
The Yves Saint Laurent advert which appeared in ‘Elle UK’ magazine; one reader complained that it was ‘irresponsible PA
An Yves Saint Laurent ad has been banned for featuring a model with a visible rib cage and knees and thighs of a similar width.
The ad, which appeared in Elle UK magazine, featured a black-and-white photo of a woman described by the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) as “unhealthily underweight”, wearing a short black dress and high heels and lying on the floor with her eyes closed.
A reader complained that the ad was irresponsible for using a model who appeared to be unhealthily thin.
The ASA said YSL “indicated that they did not agree with the complainant’s view that the model was unhealthily thin” but did not provide a detailed response. Elle UK told the watchdog it had no comment.
The ASA said the model’s pose and the lighting drew particular focus to her chest, where her rib cage was visible and appeared prominent, and to her legs, where her thighs and knees appeared a similar width.
The Most Controversial Fashion Adverts
The Most Controversial Fashion Adverts
1/9 YSL, 2000
The infamous Yves Saint Laurent Opium perfume advert featuring a naked Sophie Dahl was removed from billboards as it was deemed "sexually suggestive and unsuitable to be seen by children", although was allowed to run in certain fashion magazines. It is the eighth most complained about advert, receiving 948 complaints.
2/9 Agent Provocateur, 2001
The lingerie ad saw Kylie Minogue writhe on a rodeo bull and was only permitted to be shown in cinemas. The campaign was banned from all UK television channels, except BBC1.
3/9 Wonderbra, 1994
Eva Herzigova's Wonderbra campaign was thought to have caused car accidents, such was its provocative appeal.
4/9 Dolce & Gabbana, 2007
The label's 2007 advert was banned in Spain after it was thought to "glorify rape". Designer Stefano Gabbana stated that the image was intended to show “an erotic dream, a sexual game”.
5/9 Miu Miu, 2011
Miu Miu's campaign starring Hailee Steinfeld, sitting crying on a train track, was banned in Britain, after it was decided that the image depicted a child in an unsafe location.
6/9 Marc Jacobs, 2009
Dakota Fanning was 17 when Juergen Teller shot her for Marc Jacobs. The picture was thought to "sexualise children" and was banned.
7/9 Tom Ford, 2007
A not-so-subtle message from Tom Ford, photographed by Terry Richardson. The campaign was banned in several countries.
8/9 Sisley
Shot by the controversial photography Terry Richardson, this advert made a play on the word 'fashion junkie'.
9/9 Calvin Klein, 1995
Calvin Klein are known for a string of controversial campaigns (including a picture of 17-year-old Kate Moss straddling Mark Wahlberg), but this 1995 image shot by Steven Meisel provoked negative response from child welfare authorities and the consequently brand withdrew it.
The ruling said: “We therefore considered that the model appeared unhealthily underweight in the image and concluded that the ad was irresponsible.”
Read more
Should Yves Saint Laurent be using 'malnourished' models?
The ASA ruled that the ad must not appear again in its current form, adding: “We told the advertisers to ensure that the images in their ads were prepared responsibly.”
YSL declined to comment on the ruling. Earlier this year, a campaign for the YSL perfume Black Opium was cleared by the ASA after complaints that it glamorised drug use.
Question:
When in 2000 a poster advertising the perfume Opium was banned, which model appeared nearly naked on it?
Answer:
Sophie Dahl
Passage:
Cynology
Cynology is the study of matters related to canines or domestic dogs and regular dogs.

In English it may be a term sometimes used to denote serious zoological approach to the study of dogs  as well as by writers on canine subjects, dog breeders and trainers   and enthusiasts who informally study the dog.  

Cynology 

Cynology is a classical compound word (from Greek , kyōn, genitive , kynos, "dog"; and , -logia) referring to the study of dogs.  The word is not found in major English dictionaries and it is not a recognized scientific discipline in English-speaking countries.
Similar words are found in other languages, such German and Dutch kynologie, and the Russian кинология, from the Proto-Indo-European , which is the source of hound.

κυν is also the source of the English word cynic, and is directly related to canine and hound.

Usage in English 

The suffix '-logy' in English words refers to a study, or an academic discipline, or field of scientific study.  English Classical compound words of this type may confer an impression of scientific rigor on a non-scientific occupation or profession.

Usage in English of the word cynology is rare, and occasionally found in the names of dog training academies, with cynologist sometimes being used as a title by some dog trainers or handlers. People who informally study the dog may refer to themselves as 'cynologists' to imply serious study or scientific work.

The study of dogs 

Studies of dogs, and dog related matters, are carried out and published: in general, by those who have mastered the relevant literature or aspects of it, and the formal structure of the subject (National and International Kennel Club breeding, health, and show regulations etc.); in specific, by biologists, geneticists, zoologists, behaviourists, and others scientists, historians, veterinarians and breed specialists.

Informally, dogs may be studied by those with no specific scientific training, such as publicists and authors, breeders, trainers, police dog handlers, animal communicators and others, through literature, history,and personal experience. Many useful books and videotapes for the public have been produced through informal study of the dog.
Those who, very rarely, refer to themselves as "cynologists", may formally or informally study such things as veterinary science, dog breeding, breed development, dog behavior and training, and the literature and history of dogs.

Usage in other languages 

Cynology, may have other connotations or use in languages other than English, see German :de:Kynologie, Dutch :nl:Kynologie and Czech :cs:Sportovní kynologie.

The very rare term cynologist in English, is generally found to refer to "canine specialists" such as; certified care professionals, certified show judges, breeders, breed enthusiasts, certified dog-trainers and professional dog-handlers.

*A similar word is used to refer to dog handlers and dog trainers in Russia.  
*A veterinary clinic in Armenia offers a 'cynologist' to assist with dog training. 
*A magazine in the Baltic states described as 'dedicated to the development of cynology in the Baltic countries' covers dog training, dog shows, and veterinary advice (a hobbyist magazine, not a scientific journal.)
Question:
Cynology is the study of which animals?
Answer:
Domestic dogs
Passage:
Breakin' Away / That's Livin' Alright
"Breakin' Away" / "That's Livin' Alright" is a double A-side single by English singer Joe Fagin. The songs were produced and arranged by David Mackay.

Mackay co-wrote "Breakin' Away" with Ian La Frenais, and "That's Livin' Alright" with Ken Ashby. They wrote the songs as the opening and closing theme music for Auf Wiedersehen, Pet, an English television comedy-drama that premiered in 1983. Ian La Frenais co-wrote Auf Wiedersehen, Pet with Dick Clement.

"That's Livin' Alright" peaked at #3 on the UK Singles Chart in January 1984. Later that year, Friends Records (Netherlands) and Mariann Grammofon (Sweden) reissued "That's Livin' Alright" as the A-side of a 7" single called "That's Living Alright".  

For England's national football team's 2006 FIFA World Cup campaign, Fagin performed "That's England Alright", a variation of "That's Livin' Alright" produced by Clive Langer, with lyrics by Jimmy Lawless.

Track listing
Question:
'That's Livin' Alright' was the theme song to which TV programme?
Answer:
Wyman Ian Norris
Passage:
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg executed - Jun 19, 1953 ...
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg executed - Jun 19, 1953 - HISTORY.com
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg executed
Share this:
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg executed
Author
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg executed
URL
Publisher
A+E Networks
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, a married couple convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage in 1951, are put to death in the electric chair. The execution marked the dramatic finale of the most controversial espionage case of the Cold War.
Julius was arrested in July 1950, and Ethel in August of that same year, on the charge of conspiracy to commit espionage. Specifically, they were accused of heading a spy ring that passed top-secret information concerning the atomic bomb to the Soviet Union. The Rosenbergs vigorously protested their innocence, but after a brief trial in March 1951 they were convicted. On April 5, 1951, a judge sentenced them to death. The pair was taken to Sing Sing Prison in Ossining, New York, to await execution. During the next two years, the couple became the subject of both national and international debate. Many people believed that the Rosenbergs were the victims of a surge of hysterical anticommunist feeling in the United States, and protested that the death sentence handed down was cruel and unusual punishment. Most Americans, however, believed that the Rosenbergs had been dealt with justly. President Dwight D. Eisenhower spoke for many Americans when he issued a statement declining to invoke executive clemency for the pair. He stated, “I can only say that, by immeasurably increasing the chances of atomic war, the Rosenbergs may have condemned to death tens of millions of innocent people all over the world. The execution of two human beings is a grave matter. But even graver is the thought of the millions of dead whose deaths may be directly attributable to what these spies have done.”
Julius Rosenberg was the first to be executed, at about 8 p.m. on June 19, 1953. Just a few minutes after his body was removed from the chamber containing the electric chair, Ethel Rosenberg was led in and strapped to the chair. She was pronounced dead at 8:16 p.m. Both refused to admit any wrongdoing and proclaimed their innocence right up to the time of their deaths. Two sons, Michael and Robert, survived them.
Related Videos
Question:
What was the surname of the married couple convicted of spying for the Soviet Union, and who were executed in 1953?
Answer:
Rosenberg (disambiguation)
Passage:
Sir Anthony Caro - Sculptor
Sir Anthony Caro - Sculptor
8 March 1924 - 23 October 2013
Blue Moon (2013)
Anthony Caro (Sir Anthony Caro OM, CBE) has been a key figure in contemporary sculpture for half a century.  Since his ground-breaking show at the Whitechapel London Gallery in 1963, his work has continued to move and expand in new and different directions.
Question:
For what activity is Sir Anthony Carrow famous?
Answer:
Sculptress
Passage:
Pipe Smoker of the Year
Pipe Smoker of the Year was an award given out annually by the British Pipesmokers' Council, to honour a famous pipe-smoking individual. Initiated in 1965 as Pipeman of the Year by the Briar Pipe Trade Association, it was presented at a lunch in London's Savoy Hotel each January. The award was discontinued in 2004 because its organisers feared it fell foul of laws banning all advertising and promotion of tobacco. 
The award was reintroduced in 2014, by the UK Federation of Pipe Clubs, at the British Pipe Smoking Championship at Newark Showground. In a departure from previous awards the recipient was not a celebrity, but the outgoing President of the UK Federation of Pipe Clubs Brian Mills, in recognition for his personal contribution in recommencing the British Pipe Smoking Championships.

Pipe Smokers of the Year

* 1964 – Rupert Davies
* 1965 – Harold Wilson
* 1966 – Andrew Cruickshank
* 1967 – Warren Mitchell
* 1968 – Peter Cushing
* 1969 – Jack Hargreaves
* 1970 – Eric Morecambe
* 1971/72 – Lord Shinwell
* 1973 – Frank Muir
* 1974 – Fred Trueman
* 1975 – Campbell Adamson
* 1976 – Harold Wilson (Pipeman of the Decade)
* 1977 – Brian Barnes
* 1978 – Magnus Magnusson
* 1979 – J. B. Priestley
* 1980 – Edward Fox
* 1981 – James Galway
* 1982 – Dave Lee Travis
* 1983 – Patrick Moore
* 1984 – Henry Cooper
* 1985 – Jimmy Greaves
* 1986 – David Bryant
* 1987 – Barry Norman
* 1988 – Ian Botham
* 1989 – Jeremy Brett
* 1990 – Laurence Marks
* 1991 – John Harvey-Jones
* 1992 – Tony Benn
* 1993 – Rod Hull
* 1994 – Ranulph Fiennes
* 1995 – Jethro
* 1996 – Colin Davis
* 1997 – Malcolm Bradbury
* 1998 – Willie John McBride
* 1999 – Trevor Baylis
* 2000 – Joss Ackland
* 2001 – Russ Abbot
* 2002 – Richard Dunhill 
* 2003 – Stephen Fry

Notes
Question:
Who won the 1976 UK Pipe Smoker of the Year Award, and was Pipeman of the Decade?
Answer:
A week is a long time in politics
Passage:
About Drums - Nato Drum Lessons
About Drums
About Drums
Links
The drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments, which is technically classified as the membranophones .  Drums consist of at least one membrane , called a drum head or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with the player's hands or with a drum stick , to produce the sound .  There is usually a "resonance head" on the underside of the drum, these are usually tuned to a slightly lower pitch than the top drum head.  Other techniques have been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the thumb roll .  Drums are the world's oldest and most ubiquitous musical instruments and the most basic design has remained virtually unchanged for thousands of years.
A drum kit ,drum set, trap set, or just drums is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments , typically cymbals , which are set up on stands to be played by a single player with drumsticks held in both hands and the feet operating pedals that control the hi-hat cymbal and the beater for the bass drum . A drum kit consists of a mix of drums and idiophones most significantly cymbals but also including the woodblock and cowbell.  In the 2000s, some kits also include electronic instruments and both hybrid and entirely electronic kits are used.
A standard modern kit (for a right-handed player), as used in popular music and taught in music schools, contains:
- A snare drum , mounted on a stand , placed between the player's knees and played with drum sticks : 
- A bass drum , played by a pedal operated by the right foot
- Two or more toms , played with sticks or brushes
- A hi-hat , played with the sticks, opened and closed with left foot pedal
- One or more cymbals , played with the sticks
All of these are classed as  non-pitched percussion , allowing for the music to be  scored  using  percussion notation , for which a loose semi-standardized form exists for the drum kit. If some or all of them are replaced by  electronic drums , the scoring and most often positioning remains the same, allowing a standard teaching approach. The drum kit is usually played while seated on a  drum stool  or throne. The drum kit differs from instruments that can be used to produce pitched melodies or chords, even though drums are often placed musically alongside others that do, such as the  piano  or  guitar . The drum kit is part of the standard rhythm section used in many types of popular and traditional music styles ranging from rock and pop to blues and jazz. Other standard instruments used in the  rhythm section  include the  electric bass ,  electric guitar  and  keyboards .
Many drummers  extend  their kits from this basic pattern, adding more drums, more cymbals, and many other instruments including  pitched percussion . In some styles of music particular extensions are normal, for example  double bass drums  in  heavy metal music  and the enlarged kits used by some  progressive rock drummers , which may include unusual instruments such as  gongs . Some performers use  small kits  that omit elements from the basic setup, such as some  rockabilly  drummers. Some drum kit players may have other roles in the band, such as providing  backup vocals , or less commonly,  lead vocals .
Question:
What ubiquitous instrument makes a sound technically called a 'chick' when played closed?
Answer:
Drop clutch
Passage:
Keep the Home Fires Burning (1914 song)
Keep the Home-Fires Burning ('Till the Boys Come Home) is a British patriotic First World War song composed in 1914 by Ivor Novello with words by Lena Guilbert Ford (whose middle name was sometimes printed as "Gilbert"). 

The song was published first as "'Till the Boys Come Home" on 8 October 1914 by Ascherberg, Hopwood and Crew Ltd. in London.home fire burning

 
A new edition was printed in 1915 with the name Keep the Home-Fires Burning. The song became very popular in the United Kingdom during the war, along with It's a Long Way to Tipperary.

James F. Harrison recorded Keep the Home-Fires Burning in 1915, as did Stanley Kirkby in 1916. Another popular recording was sung by tenor John McCormack in 1917, who was also the first to record It's a Long Way to Tipperary in 1914. (See External links below to hear these recordings of Keep the Home-Fires Burning.) Other versions include one by Frederick J. Wheeler and one by the duet Reed Miller & Frederick Wheeler. 

There is a misconception that Ivor Novello's mother wrote the lyrics for the song (propagated—for example—by patter in recorded performances of British musical comedy duo Hinge and Bracket) but Lena Ford (an American) was a friend and collaborator of Novello, not a blood relation.

Lyrics

They were summoned from the hillside,
They were called in from the glen,
And the country found them ready
At the rallying call for men
Let no tears add to their hardships
As the soldiers pass along,
And although your heart is breaking,
Make it sing this cheery song:

Keep the Home Fires Burning,
While your hearts are yearning.
Though your lads are far away
They dream of home.
There's a silver lining
Through the dark clouds shining,
Turn the dark cloud inside out
Till the boys come home.

Overseas there came a pleading,
"Help a nation in distress."
And we gave our glorious laddies -
Honour bade us do no less,
For no gallant son of Freedom
To a tyrant's yoke should bend,
And a noble heart must answer
To the sacred call of "Friend."

Keep the Home Fires Burning,
While your hearts are yearning.
Though your lads are far away
They dream of home.
There's a silver lining
Through the dark clouds shining,
Turn the dark cloud inside out
'Til the boys come home. 

Cultural references

*The song is sung by Joan Fontaine and a group of British soldiers in the 1942 film This Above All (film).
*The song was included in the 1969 musical Oh! What a Lovely War and in the 1970 musical film Darling Lili.
*The song is featured in the 1981 film Chariots of Fire.
*In the 2002 film Gosford Park, the guests at a country house are entertained by Novello (played by Jeremy Northam), who performs the song on the piano
*In the film Johnny Got His Gun when the characters are celebrating a Christmas party; this clip was later used at the end of Metallica's music video, "One".
*Featured in the Seán O'Casey play The Plough and the Stars.
*The last refrain is sung by the employees of Are You Being Served? in the episode "Camping In."
*The main chorus is sung by the cast of M*A*S*H in Episode 127 (Season 5) "War of Nerves" during a stress relief "bon-type-fire"
*The song is briefly heard in a scene of new army recruits marching in a parade in the 1930 film A Soldier's Plaything.
Question:
Who wrote the music for the song Keep the Home Fires Burning?
Answer:
Novello, Ivor
Passage:
Ulna
The ulna (  ) is one of the two long bones in the forearm (the other is the radius). It is on the side opposite the thumb, extends from the elbow to the wrist, and runs parallel to the radius, which it exceeds in length and size. In anatomical position, when the arms are down at the sides of the body and the palms of the hands face forward, the ulna is located at the side of the forearm closest to the body (the medial side). The bone may break due to excessive weight or impact.

Structure

The ulna is broader close to the elbow, and narrows as it approaches the wrist.

Close to the elbow, the ulna has a bony process, the olecranon process, a hook-like structure that fits into the olecranon fossa of the humerus. This prevents hyperextension and forms a hinge joint with the trochlea of the humerus. There is also a radial notch for the head of the radius, and the ulnar tuberosity to which muscles attach.

Close to the wrist, the ulna has a styloid process.

Histology

The ulna is a long bone. The long, narrow medullary cavity of the ulna is enclosed in a strong wall of cortical tissue which is thickest along the interosseous border and dorsal surface. At the extremities the compact layer thins. The compact layer is continued onto the back of the olecranon as a plate of close spongy bone with lamellæ parallel. From the inner surface of this plate and the compact layer below it trabeculæ arch forward toward the olecranon and coronoid and cross other trabeculæ, passing backward over the medullary cavity from the upper part of the shaft below the coronoid. Below the coronoid process there is a small area of compact bone from which trabeculæ curve upward to end obliquely to the surface of the semilunar notch which is coated with a thin layer of compact bone.  The trabeculæ at the lower end have a more longitudinal direction. 

Development

The ulna is ossified from three centers: one each for the body, the inferior extremity, and the top of the olecranon. 
Ossification begins near the middle of the body of the ulna, about the eighth week of fetal life, and soon extends through the greater part of the bone.

At birth, the ends are cartilaginous. About the fourth year, a center appears in the middle of the head, and soon extends into the ulnar styloid process. About the tenth year, a center appears in the olecranon near its extremity, the chief part of this process being formed by an upward extension of the body. The upper epiphysis joins the body about the sixteenth, the lower about the twentieth year.

Function

Joints

The ulna forms part of the wrist joint and elbow joints. Specifically, the ulna articulates with:
* trochlea of the humerus, at the right side elbow as a hinge joint with semilunar trochlear notch of the ulna.
* the radius, near the elbow as a pivot joint, this allows the radius to cross over the ulna in pronation.
* the distal radius, where it fits into the ulnar notch.
* the radius along its length via the interosseous membrane that forms a syndesmosis joint

Muscle attachments

Clinical significance

Fractures

Specific fracture types of the ulna include:
*Monteggia fracture - a fracture of the proximal third of the ulna with the dislocation of the head of the radius
*Hume fracture - a fracture of the olecranon with an associated anterior dislocation of the radial head
Conservative management is possible for ulnar fractures when they are located in the distal two-thirds, only involve the shaft, with no shortening, less than 10° angulation and less than 50% displacement. [https://books.google.se/books?id
ldEgCAAAQBAJ&pgRA1-PA158 Page 158] In such cases, a cast should be applied that goes above the elbow.

In other animals

In four-legged animals, the radius is the main load-bearing bone of the lower forelimb, and the ulna is important primarily for muscular attachment. In many mammals, the ulna is partially or wholly fused with the radius, and may therefore not exist as a separate bone. However, even in extreme cases of fusion, such as in horses, the olecranon process is still present, albeit as a projection from the upper radius.

Gallery

 File:Ulna - animation.gif|Position of ulna (shown in red). Animation
 File:RightHumanPosteriorRadiusUlna.jpg|Right posterior human radius and ulna
 File:Human arm bones diagram.svg|Human arm bones diagram
 File:Gray417_color.PNG|Cross-section through the middle of the forearm.
Question:
In the human body which bone runs parallel to the ulna?
Answer:
Radius (geometry)
Passage:
Rook (bird)
The rook (Corvus frugilegus) is a member of the family Corvidae in the passerine order of birds. It was given its binomial name by Carl Linnaeus in 1758,  The binomial is from Latin; Corvus is for "raven", and frugilegus is Latin for "food-gathering", from frux, frugis, "fruit", and  legere, "to pick". the English name is ultimately derived from the bird's harsh call. 

Description

This species is similar in size (45–47 cm in length) to or slightly smaller than the carrion crow with black feathers often showing a blue or bluish-purple sheen in bright sunlight. The feathers on the head, neck and shoulders are particularly dense and silky. The legs and feet are generally black and the bill grey-black.

Rooks are distinguished from similar members of the crow family by the bare grey-white skin around the base of the adult's bill in front of the eyes. The feathering around the legs also looks shaggier and laxer than the congeneric carrion crow. The juvenile is superficially more similar to the crow because it lacks the bare patch at the base of the bill, but it has a thinner bill and loses the facial feathers after about six months. Collective nouns for rooks include building, parliament, clamour and storytelling.   Their colonial nesting behaviour gave rise to the term rookery.

Distribution and habitat

Rooks are resident in Great Britain, Ireland and much of north and central Europe but vagrant to Iceland and parts of Scandinavia, where they typically live south of the 60th latitude and in habitats that ravens dislike, such as open agricultural areas. The rook also occurs as an eastern race in Asia where it differs in being slightly smaller on average, and having a somewhat more fully feathered face. In the north of its range the species has a tendency to move south during autumn though more southern populations are apt to range sporadically also. The species has been introduced to New Zealand, with several hundred birds being released there from 1862 to 1874. Although their range is very localised, the species is now regarded as an invasive pest and is the subject of active control.  Even so, the ecological and economic impacts of rooks in New Zealand have not been well-studied.

Behaviour and ecology

Diet

Food is predominantly earthworms and insect larvae, which the bird finds by probing the ground with its strong bill. It also eats cultivated cereal grain, smaller amounts of fruit, small mammals, acorns, small birds, their eggs and young and carrion. In urban sites, human food scraps are taken from rubbish dumps and streets, usually in the early hours when it is relatively quiet. It can also be seen along the seashore, feeding on insects, crustaceans and edible flotsam. Like other corvids, Rooks in urban or suburban areas will sometimes favour sites with a high level of human interaction, and can often be found scavenging for food in places such as theme parks and piers.

Nesting

Nesting in a rookery is always colonial, usually in the very tops of the trees. Branches and twigs are broken off trees (very rarely picked up off the ground), though as many are likely to be stolen from nearby nests as are collected from trees. Eggs are usually 3–5 in number, can appear by the end of February or early March and are incubated for 16–18 days. Both adults feed the young, which are fledged by the 32nd or 33rd day.

In autumn, the young birds of the summer collect into large flocks together with unpaired birds of previous seasons, often in company with jackdaws. It is during the autumn that spectacular aerial displays can be seen by adult birds that seem to delight in the autumn gales.

Voice

The call is usually described as kaah—it is similar to that of the carrion crow, but usually rather flatter in tone. It is given both in flight and while perched, when the bird fans its tail and bows on each caw. Calls in flight are usually given singly, in contrast to the carrion crow's which are in groups of three or four. Solitary birds often "sing" apparently to themselves, uttering strange clicks, wheezes and human-like notes.

Intelligence

In captivity, when confronted with problems, rooks have been documented as one of several species of birds capable of using tools. Rooks learned that if they push a stone off a ledge into a tube, they will get food. The rooks then discovered they could find and bring a stone and carry it to the tube if no stone was there already. They also used sticks and wire, and figured out how to bend a wire into a hook to reach an item.  Rooks are as clever at making and using simple tools with their beaks as chimpanzees are with their hands. 

In one experiment, a rook was placed near a tube of water, with a worm floating on top of the water, and some rocks next to the tube. The water level was too low for the rook to reach the worm, so it placed rocks into the tube until the level was high enough.Videos can be seen on YouTube, with at least three different rooks: Connelly ([https://www.youtube.com/watch?vB7cw_9AT5hg trial 1] and [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v
thRF1bTGVsg trial 2]), [https://www.youtube.com/watch?vrTuOlC-wBKs Monroe] and [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v
riqtFvZg1mI Cook].
Question:
What is a group of rooks called?
Answer:
Parliamnet
Passage:
The World's Northernmost Cities - About.com Education
The World's Most Northernmost Cities List
By Amanda Briney
Updated October 12, 2016.
The Northern Hemisphere is known for having more land than the Southern Hemisphere . However, much of that land is undeveloped and the areas that are developed into large cities and towns are clustered in lower latitudes in places like the United States and central Europe. The largest city with the highest latitude is Helsinki, Finland . It is located at a latitude of 60°10'15''N and it has a metropolitan population of over one million people. Reykjavík, Iceland is the world's northernmost capital city with a latitude just under the Arctic Circle at 64°08'N. Reykjavík is also large with a 2008 population of 120,165.
Large cities like Helsinki and Reykjavík are rare in the far north. There are however, some small towns and cities that are located very far north in the harsh climates of the Arctic Circle above 66.5°N latitude. The following is a list of the world's ten northernmost settlements with a permanent population of over 500. The list is arranged in order of latitude and population numbers have been included for reference.
continue reading below our video
4 Tips for Improving Test Performance
1) Longyearbyen, Svalbard, Norway
Question:
Which capital city is the farthest north on the European continent?
Answer:
Helsingfors
Passage:
Derek McCulloch
Derek Ivor Breashur McCulloch OBE (18 November 1897 – 1 June 1967) was a BBC Radio presenter and producer. He became known as "Uncle Mac" in Children's Favourites and Children's Hour, and the voice of "Larry the Lamb" in Toytown. He was the head of children's broadcasting for the BBC from 1933 until 1951.

Early life

McCulloch was born in Plymouth to Scottish parents.  The First World War interrupted his education, and he enlisted in 1915 in the Public Schools Battalion of the 16th Middlesex Regiment at the age of 17. He served until 1921 with the infantry, where he was commissioned into the Green Howards, and in the Royal Flying Corps as an equipment officer, including a spell on HMS Valiant. He was wounded at the Battle of the Somme in 1916. After the war he worked in Argentina on the railways, but had to return to England because of ill health.Mckenzie, Jim. [http://www.theweeweb.co.uk/public/author_profile.php?id
443 Biography by Jim Mackenzie at The Wee Web]. Accessed 30 October 2012

Career

BBC

He joined the BBC in 1926 as an announcer. He was the commentator on the first radio broadcast of the FA Cup Final in 1927.[http://www.radioacademy.org/hall-of-fame-member/derek-mcculloch/ The Radio Academy: Derek McCulloch]. Accessed 30 October 2012 He became second in command on Children's Hour in 1931 and was placed in charge of it in 1933. The programme included talks, plays, music and drama serials. He was appointed head of children's broadcasting in 1933, serving in that position until 1951.Strinati, D. [http://books.google.co.uk/books?ide9Gunp4h1N4C&pg
PA153 Come on Down?: The Politics of Popular Media Culture in Post-War Britain], Psychology Press, 1992, pp. 153, 157. He regarded the department as a microcosm of all broadcasting, stating: "Nothing but the best is good enough for children ... our wish is to stimulate their imaginations, direct their reading, encourage their various interests, widen their outlook and inculcate the Christian virtues of love of God and their neighbours."  In 1938 he lost a leg as the result of a road accident, and thereafter remained in constant pain.

In 1939 the audience for Children's Hour reached four million. His sign-off line, "Goodnight children, everywhere," became more poignant after the evacuation of many children from their homes at the start of the Second World War. He resigned from the BBC in 1950 due to ill health.

Children's Favourites

He became the children's editor for the News Chronicle.  In 1954 he returned to the BBC, to present a BBC music request programme for children, Children's Favourites, on Saturday mornings. The programme was dropped in 1964, despite protests and questions in Parliament, but it was popular, and McCulloch continued to present it until 1965. After his retirement it became Junior Choice, hosted by Ed Stewart, when the BBC Light Programme was replaced by Radio 1 and Radio 2 in 1967.

Writing

He wrote two children's stories, Cornish Adventure (1941) and Cornish Mystery (1950), and gave his name to a series of Ladybird children's books in the 1950s.

Personal life

McCulloch married Eileen Hilda Barry in 1931. He was awarded an OBE in 1964. He died at Haywards Heath on 1 June 1967.

He was the subject of This Is Your Life in February 1964 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews in central London. 

Notes
Question:
How was Derek McCulloch known to listeners of BBC?s Children's Favourites and Children's Hour?
Answer:
Derek McCulloch
Passage:
Bloodgate
The Bloodgate Scandal was a rugby union scandal involving the English team Harlequins in their Heineken Cup match against the Irish side Leinster on 12 April 2009. It was so called because of the use of fake blood capsules, and has been seen by some as one of the biggest scandals in rugby since professionalisation in the mid-1990s.

Events

During the quarter final of the 2009 Heineken Cup against Leinster, Harlequins wing Tom Williams came off the field with what turned out to be a faked blood injury in order to facilitate a tactical substitution for Nick Evans to re-enter the field having gone off earlier injured. An investigation by the ERC and the RFU revealed that blood injuries had also been faked by Harlequins to enable tactical substitutions on four previous occasions. These findings resulted in a twelve-month ban for Williams (reduced to 4 months on appeal  ), a three-year ban for former director of rugby Dean Richards and a two-year ban for physiotherapist Steph Brennan as well as a £260,000 fine for the club.  
The club chairman Charles Jillings subsequently tendered his resignation  while the club doctor Wendy Chapman was suspended by the GMC for cutting Williams's lip to hide his use of the blood capsule. 
On 2 September 2009, it was reported that Harlequins had escaped being thrown out of the Heineken Cup following the scandal when the board of organisers European Rugby Cup (ERC) said it approved of the bans and fines already handed out. 

The affair was dubbed by many in the media "Bloodgate". Leinster won the game 6-5, going on to win the Heineken Cup for the first time.

Aftermath

Mark Evans, chief executive of Harlequin FC has said:
"You would be incredibly naive to think (the Bloodgate stigma) will ever disappear completely. Things like that don't. They become part of history and, like good or bad seasons, are woven into the fabric of any club." 

Richards resigned from his post at Harlequins over an incident in which it was acknowledged that he had orchestrated and had "central control"  over a fake blood injury to Tom Williams during a Heineken Cup fixture against Leinster.  He was given a three-year suspension from coaching as punishment. 
The International Rugby Board (IRB) also confirmed that they would apply the ban to rugby union worldwide. 

Dr Chapman, the medic who cut Williams' lip, appeared  before the General Medical Council charged with alleged conduct likely to bring the profession into disrepute.  The appearance resulted in Dr Chapman being warned but allowed to continue practising medicine.
Question:
The 2009 'Bloodgate' rugby union scandal centred on which club?
Answer:
Harlequin (disambiguation)
Passage:
Fiddler's Dram
Fiddler's Dram were a British folk band of the late 1970s. They are mainly known for their hit single, "Day Trip to Bangor (Didn't We Have a Lovely Time)" (1979), although the sound of this record was not representative of the acoustic songs and tunes they had been performing for several years at folk clubs and festivals.

Band members

The full-time members of Fiddler's Dram were drawn from the Oyster Ceilidh Band and were:
* Cathy Lesurf - vocals, bodhran
* Alan Prosser - guitar, fiddle, bowed psaltery, bones
* Chris Taylor - bouzouki, harmonica, appalachian dulcimer, mandola, tenor banjo
* Ian Telfer - fiddle, bowed psaltery, viola, English Concertina

later joined by
* Will Ward - Bassoon, Recorder, Crumhorn

Career

Dave Arbus, violinist with East of Eden, was a founder member but left long before the band achieved success. 

The full-time members of the band were drawn from a group of musicians at the University of Kent at Canterbury and members of Duke's Folk Club in Whitstable. Jamming sessions in a Canterbury squat often took place with additional club members given the opportunity to take part in these sessions and sometimes at local performances. The band had an enthusiastic local following and played regularly at local clubs and bars in and around the Canterbury area, with the open nature of the bands ever changing part-time line-up contributing to the bands popularity. With other various club members, including John Jones and Ian Kearey, the full-time members of the band formed the Oyster Ceilidh Band in about 1976, with Cathy Lesurf singing and later assuming the role of caller at dances.

The first Fiddler's Dram album To See the Play was released on the Dingles label in 1978.  It featured acoustic arrangements of mainly British traditional songs and tunes, but also included live favourite "Day Trip to Bangor", written by Whitstable Folk Club regular Debbie Cook. Dingles' David Foister suggested that this track be released as a single. It was re-recorded at a faster tempo than on the original LP, and with the acoustic instruments augmented by other instruments including bass guitar, synthesiser and drums. 

It has been claimed that "Day Trip To Bangor" was actually inspired by a day trip to Rhyl (a seaside resort 35 miles east of Bangor, North Wales), but because Bangor had an extra syllable and slipped off the tongue more easily, it was used instead of Rhyl. This caused an outcry from councillors and businesses in Rhyl who complained that the publicity would have boosted the resort's tourist economy. Songwriter Cook has unconditionally denied this, however  Cook, when interviewed for the BBC Radio 4 documentary, broadcast on 29 September 2011, said the song was "absolutely yes" about the Bangor in Wales. She said "I was so ignorant at the time that I didn't know that any other Bangor existed, so it was categorically this Bangor, and it was Bangor because it scanned and for no other reason than that. And it was the only place I knew along the north Wales coast." In the documentary, when interviewer Jonathan Maitland reminded Cook that there was a furore about the song really being about Rhyl, Cook laughed and called it "a great piece of nonsense".

The single reached number 3 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1980, having been released the previous year, and is now available via iTunes. 

A version of the song, with altered lyrics, was used the following year in a TV commercial for Anchor butter. The band received no royalties for this, and the story was featured on the BBC TV series That's Life!. Also in 1980, a spoof version, "Day Trip To Barnhurst" by Jackie & The Commuters, was released on a single and much played on Capital Radio though without any chart success.

Songwriter Cook subsequently went on to write scripts for The Archers and EastEnders.  

Will Ward had joined the Oyster Ceilidh Band by 1978, and became the fifth member of Fiddler's Dram on their eponymous second LP, recorded hurriedly to follow up on their unexpected success in the UK Singles Chart. The band were unable to achieve subsequent success however — in the words of Ian Telfer "Day Trip To Bangor" was "the kind of success you don't easily recover from. Fiddler's Dram did one more tour then gratefully took the money (and the gold discs) and ran". 

The Oyster Ceilidh Band continued as both a dance and concert band however, changing their name around 1982 to The Oyster Band and later to just Oysterband. Cathy Lesurf subsequently left the Oysters for a spell with the Albion Band.

In 2009 Lesurf released a Christmas single called "Christmas Time". She said she hoped it would be a hit so it would be a "companion" for "Day Trip to Bangor". 

Discography

*To See the Play (1978)  Dingle's LP DIN 304
*Fiddler's Dram (1980)  Dingle's LP DID 711
Question:
Where did Fiddler's Dram go on a day trip to in 1979?
Answer:
Bangor (disambiguation)
Passage:
harpy : definition of harpy and synonyms of harpy (English)
harpy : definition of harpy and synonyms of harpy (English)
Siren , sphinx , centaur
In Greek mythology , a harpy ("snatcher", from Latin : harpeia, originating in Greek : ἅρπυια, harpūia) was one of the winged spirits best known for constantly stealing all food from Phineus . The literal meaning of the word seems to be "that which snatches" as it comes from the ancient Greek word harpazein (ἁρπάζειν), which means "to snatch".
A harpy was the mother by the West Wind Zephyros of the horses of Achilles . [1]
Hesiod [2] calls them two "lovely-haired" creatures, and pottery art depicting the harpies featured beautiful women with wings. Harpies as ugly winged bird-women, e.g. in Aeschylus ' The Eumenides (line 50) are a late development, due to a confusion with the Sirens . Roman and Byzantine writers detailed their ugliness. [3]
Contents
The harpies were sisters of Iris , daughters of Thaumas and Electra . [4]
Phineus , a king of Thrace , had the gift of prophecy . Zeus, angry that Phineas revealed too much, punished him by blinding him and putting him on an island with a buffet of food which he could never eat. The harpies always arrived and stole the food out of his hands before he could satisfy his hunger, and befouled the remains of his food. This continued until the arrival of Jason and the Argonauts . The Boreads , sons of Boreas , the North Wind, who also could fly, succeeded in driving off the harpies, but without killing any of them, following a request from Iris , who promised that Phineas would not be bothered by the harpies again, and "the dogs of great Zeus" returned to their "cave in Minoan Crete". Thankful for their help, Phineas told the Argonauts how to pass the Symplegades . [5]
In this form they were agents of punishment who abducted people and tortured them on their way to Tartarus . They were vicious, cruel and violent. They lived on the islands of the Strophades . They were usually seen as the personifications of the destructive nature of wind. The harpies in this tradition, now thought of as three sisters instead of the original two, were: Aello ("storm swift"), Celaeno ("the dark") — also known as Podarge ("fleet-foot") — and Ocypete ("the swift wing").
Aeneas encountered harpies on the Strophades as they repeatedly made off with the feast the Trojans were setting. Celaeno cursed them, saying the Trojans will be so hungry they will eat their tables before they reach the end of their journey. The Trojans fled in fear.
  Harpies in the infernal wood, from Inferno XIII, by Gustave Doré , 1861
Harpies remained vivid in the Middle Ages. In his Inferno, XIII, Dante envisages the tortured wood infested with harpies, where the suicides have their punishment in the seventh ring of Hell:
Here the repellent harpies make their nests,
Who drove the Trojans from the Strophades
With dire announcements of the coming woe.
They have broad wings, a human neck and face,
Clawed feet and swollen, feathered bellies; they caw
Their lamentations in the eerie trees. [6]
William Blake was inspired by Dante's description in his pencil, ink and watercolour " The Wood of the Self-Murderers: The Harpies and the Suicides " (Tate Gallery, London).
  Heraldry
In the Middle Ages , the harpy, often called the "virgin eagle", became a popular charge in heraldry , particularly in East Frisia , seen on, among others, the coats-of-arms of Rietburg , Liechtenstein , and the Cirksena
  Harpies in reality
The American Harpy Eagle is a real bird named after the mythological animal.
The term is often used metaphorically to refer to a nasty or annoying woman. In Shakespeare 's Much Ado About Nothing , Benedick spots the sharp-tongued Beatrice approaching and exclaims to the Prince, Don Pedro, that he would do an assortment of arduous tasks for him "rather than hold three words conference with this harpy!"
  Harpies in popular culture
With their composite form and violent nature, harpies are depicted in films, television and other aspects of popular culture. Harpies are commonly depicted as a race of bird-women, such as in Philip Pullman 's His Dark Materials book series. Occasionally the classic harpies are referenced by name, such as the appearance of Celaeno in Peter S. Beagle 's novel The Last Unicorn . Harpies are also mentioned in the Percy Jackson series.
The character Mai Valentine in the Yu-gi-oh series uses a card deck based around Harpies.
Harpies appear as a minor enemy throughout the God of War video game series which is loosely based on Greek mythology.
  See also
Question:
What mythical monster In Greek mythology with the face of a woman and the body of a vulture stole food and was an agent of punishment, abducted people and tortured them?
Answer:
Okypete
Passage:
Cervelat
Cervelat, also cervelas, servelat or zervelat, is a sausage produced in Switzerland, France (especially Alsace and Lyon) and parts of Germany. The recipe and preparation of the sausage vary regionally.

The sausages are called cervelas in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, Cervelat in the German-speaking part, and servelat in the Italian-speaking part. The terms ultimately derive from cerebrum, the Latin word for brain, which was used in early recipes. The term "Cervelat" is the oldest of the three. It was first recorded in 1552 by Rabelais, and is derived from zervelada, a Milanese dialect word meaning  a "large, short sausage filled with meat and pork brains." Modern recipes do not include brains, and arose towards the end of the 19th century in Basel, as a reworking of the traditional recipe.

The taste of the sausages depends on the region, but generally they are similar to that of a frankfurter, but with a smokier flavour and a texture brought about by its fat shape and the tightly wrapped natural casing. Various European semi-dry cervelat are similar to summer sausage in the U.S., and Thuringian sausage can be considered a type of cervelat. 

Switzerland

In Switzerland, cervelats are cooked (slightly smoked and then boiled) or served raw. They contain a mixture of beef, bacon and pork rind. The modern Swiss variety is packed into zebu intestines.

The cervelat is often referred to as the national sausage of Switzerland. Some 160 million cervelats weighing 27,000 metric tons are produced in Switzerland annually, which is equivalent to a consumption of 25 cervelats per person each year. Grilling cervelats over an open fire with the ends cut open so they expand like a butterfly's wings is a childhood memory for nearly every Swiss person; as a result, many Swiss are emotionally attached to the sausage.
Swiss cervelats are made of roughly equal parts of beef, pork, bacon, pork rind and ice, which helps bind the ingredients, along with spices, curing salt and cutter additives. The ingredients are finely minced in a cutter, packed into beef intestines, smoked for an hour and then cooked by boiling for a short time. Processed and packaged varieties sold in Swiss supermarkets also contain nitrites and antioxidants.  A cervelat may weigh from about 100 to 200 grams.

Swiss cervelats are prepared and eaten cooked or raw. They are boiled, grilled or fried. They can also be served uncooked, either in a salad or with bread and mustard.

Sometimes sold smoked and uncooked, cervelat can be seasoned, salted and cold smoked for one day. 

2008 casings shortage

Traditionally, Swiss beef intestines were used for the casings, but towards the end of the 20th century, local cattle producers lost interest in cleaning and preparing them, so meat processors switched to Brazilian zebu intestines, which are not fatty and do not easily split open when roasted. However, beginning on 1 April 2006, the European Union banned the import of many animal parts from Brazil as a measure aimed at preventing the spread of mad cow disease. Among these were beef intestines. Although Switzerland is not an EU member state, it is bound to observe European food protection laws through other treaty agreements. Hence, Swiss and German stockpiles of zebu intestines became very low by 2008, threatening production altogether, and causing some controversy in Switzerland. In January of that year, the Swiss meat industry announced that a national "cervelat task force" had failed in an exhaustive search for an acceptable alternative to zebu intestines.

The New York Times noted that "the possible demise of cervelas visibly upset the Swiss, a normally even-tempered people." The cervelat production crisis was covered closely by the Swiss media and in a newspaper poll, 72% of those surveyed said the "cervelas, as they knew it, had to be saved." The cervelat crisis was brought up in a parliamentary debate wherein state councillor and president of the Swiss Meat Association, Rolf Büttiker, spoke of the national sausage's social significance, calling it a "cult sausage" and "the worker's steak".  The Swiss government entered into negotiations with the EU to seek an exception for zebu intestines, and Swiss scientists were sent to Brazil hoping to show that the intestines posed no risk of transmitting mad cow disease.

By August 2008, most of the Swiss demand for bovine intestines had been met with imports from Uruguay, Argentina and Paraguay. 

France

Cervelas de Lyon are a sausage specialty of Lyonnaise cuisine. They contain finely minced pork, and either truffles or pistachios. Sold uncooked, the sausage has to be boiled before it is eaten.  

In Alsatian cuisine, cervelas d'Alsace are split open and served with cheese (gruyere) and bacon.
Question:
Now the national dish of Switzerland, what type of food is Cervelat?
Answer:
Sausage
Passage:
Passport by Nana Mouskouri on Apple Music
Passport by Nana Mouskouri on Apple Music
21 Songs
Album Review
The conceit of this double album-length set is that Nana Mouskouri is doing songs from different nations. However, even though Passport is a compilation recorded over a span of over a decade with a variety of accompanists ranging from Mouskouri's original backing group, the Athenians, to the easy listening specialists the Mike Sammes Singers, the albums sounds as if it could have been recorded during one lengthy session. Such is the strength of Mouskouri's jazzy, middle-of-the-road pop style that songs as varied as her biggest hit, "Never on Sunday" (here presented in its original Greek lyrics as "Ta Pedia Tou Pirea"), Paul Simon's "Bridge Over Troubled Water," and the traditional "Amazing Grace" end up sounding pretty much the same. Passport's worth depends entirely on the listener's tolerance for this kind of Eurovision Song Contest style of pop, but few people working in this style in the '60s and '70s were better than Nana Mouskouri. (Only the great Petula Clark comes immediately to mind.) Although perhaps better known in the United States for her lovely olive-skinned looks and trademark glasses than for her singing, Mouskouri's a genuinely superb jazz-pop singer with a bewitching voice and an ear for material that rises above the occasionally gloppy easy listening arrangements she's often saddled with. Unfortunately, there's more than a few of those arrangements on Passport, but there's also a number of truly impressive songs. Two particular standouts come from rare sessions with producers other than Mouskouri's usual collaborator Andre Chapelle. The countryish "The Loving Song," produced by American hitmaker Snuff Garrett, is a surprisingly solid take on the genre, but 1972's "Four and Twenty Hours," written and produced by the early-'70s British hit factory Roger Cook and Roger Greenaway, is one of Mouskouri's finest singles ever, a mature but remarkably catchy slice of AM radio fluff that predicts the sound that ABBA would take to the top of the charts later in the decade.
Customer Reviews
     
by                    Gheebutter
Wow, Nana's voice is the most beautiful thing I think I have ever heard!  You really must listen to her sound, she is angelic.
Biography
Born: October 13, 1934 in Athens, Greece
Genre: Pop
Years Active: '50s, '60s, '70s, '80s, '90s, '00s
Globally speaking, Nana Mouskouri is the biggest-selling female artist of all time. Her fluency in multiple languages -- Greek, French, English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese -- enabled her to reach audiences all over Europe, the Americas, and even Asia. Possessed of a distinctive, angelic soprano -- the product of having been born with only one vocal cord -- Mouskouri was sometimes described as Europe's answer to Barbra Streisand. Her repertoire was varied enough to support the universal appeal she...
Top Albums and Songs by Nana Mouskouri
1.
Question:
What was the name of Nana Mouskouri’s backing group
Answer:
Athina
