Passage:
Guiseley
Guiseley  is a small town in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is situated south of Otley and Menston,  is now a suburb of north west Leeds. At the 2001 census, Guiseley together with Rawdon had a population of over 21,000,  increasing to 22,347 at the 2011 Census.   The A65, which passes through the town, is the main shopping street. Guiseley railway station has regular train services into Leeds, Bradford and Ilkley on the Wharfedale Line. Guiseley is also served by Menston to the north and Baildon to the south.

History

Guiseley's name is of Saxon origin. The settlement predates the Domesday Book, in which it is listed as "Gisele."Parsons, Edward (1834); [http://books.google.co.uk/books?id
j7QHAAAAQAAJ&pgPA217&dq
yeadon+yorkshire&hlen&ei
N2n2TM-5OcbMhAfxl5nhBQ&saX&oi
book_result&ctresult&resnum
2&ved0CCoQ6AEwATgK#v
onepage&q&f=false The Civil, Ecclesiastical History of Leeds, Halifax, Huddersfield and the Manufacturing District of Yorkshire], p. 217 Much of the Aire valley was once wooded, and "ley" means a clearing in the woodland.

Guiseley's church dedicated to St Oswald was the centre of a large parish that included many surrounding villages. It was used by generations of the Longfellow family. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's 5th great-grandfather left here for the New World in the 17th century. The rector of St Oswald's for several decades was Rev. Robert More (died in 1642), the father-in-law of the English explorer, Captain Christopher Levett.  Patrick Brontë and Maria Branwell were married at St Oswald's and became the parents of six children, including Anne, Charlotte and Emily Brontë.

Guiseley was an ancient parish in the West Riding of Yorkshire.  The parish also included the townships of Carlton, Horsforth, Rawdon and Yeadon, all of which became separate civil parishes in 1866. In 1937 the civil parish of Guiseley was abolished and merged into the new Aireborough Urban District.   In 1974 Aireborough was itself abolished and absorbed into the City of Leeds Metropolitan District in the new county of West Yorkshire.

Business

Crompton Parkinson was a major employer until its factory closed in 2004. The town was the home of Silver Cross, a pram manufacturer, whose factory was operational from 1936 to 2002.[http://www.silvercrossbaby.com/our-heritage/ Silver Cross Story 1877 - prams, pushchairs, car seats and other nursery equipment]

The town is significant for Harry Ramsden, whose fish and chip shop traded from a small shed next to the tram stop. In 1930 he opened "the world's biggest fish and chip shop". The original restaurant was closed in December 2011. The Wetherby Whaler group purchased the site and planned a £500,000 refurbishment to open during the summer of 2012.  The new Wetherby Whaler restaurant opened on 22 May 2012.

Harry Corbett, significant for his children's television glove puppet character Sooty stage act, lived with his parents, who owned a fish and chip shop on Springfield Road.McIntyre, Annette; [http://www.wharfedaleobserver.co.uk/mostpopular.var.2238100.0.guiseley_chip_shop_wraps_up_place_in_tv_show.php "Guiseley chip shop wraps up place in TV show"], Wharfedale and Aireborough Observer, 30 April 2008. Retrieved 11 June 2008

Places of worship

St. Oswald's Cof E Church is the largest in the town.  There is also Guiseley Methodist Church and Guiseley Baptist Church which was built in 1883 on Oxford Road in the old town.

Amenities

Guiseley has two retail parks: Guiseley Retail Park in the centre of town, and Westside Retail Park between Guiseley and Yeadon. The town has a Morrisons supermarket, charity shops and beauty stores on the High Street, as well as many pubs, bars, takeaways and restaurants located around the town and a leisure centre with swimming pool and gym on The Green.

Many of the retail outlets in the town are now stood on the converted sites of old factories or mills. Recently, the town has seen an increase of 'big name brands' opening stores in the area, with names such as Argos, TK Maxx, Marks & Spencer (food), Asda Living, Currys, Costa Coffee, Next and Sports Direct opening in the area. McDonald's, KFC and Subway all have stores in the town. Poundworld have also recently opened a store in the Westside Retail Park.
The McDonalds was the first in the country to have a drive thru

Sports and recreation

Guiseley's semi-professional football team, Guiseley A.F.C., play at Nethermoor Park. They played in the Conference North during the 2014–15 season,  gaining promotion to the Conference Premier through the playoffs. Guiseley Cricket Club shares the club house and plays in the Airedale-Wharfedale Senior Cricket League.  Aireborough RUFC play at Nunroyd Park. 
Local philanthropist Jonathan Peate gave Nethermoor Park (Guiseley) and Nunroyd Park (between Yeadon and Guiseley) to local people in the early 20th century. Two other parks were regenerated in 2011/12,  Springfield Road and Parkinson's Park.   Parkinson's Park was given to Guiseley in the 1930s by Frank and Albert Parkinson. By 2002 it had become an anti-social wasteland  but is now owned by Bellway Homes, and supported by the Friends of Parkinson's Park.

Schools

Guiseley School on Fieldhead Road  was built as a secondary modern in the 1960s and is sometimes known as Fieldhead School. Aireborough Grammar School opened in 1910 and closed in 1991. 

Primary schools include Tranmere Park School  and St. Oswald's C of E School. 

Notable people

Harry Corbett, the creator of the glove puppet Sooty, Tasmin Archer, whose co-written song "Sleeping Satellite" reached number one in the UK charts, and Maurice Lee of The Grumbleweeds also lived in the town.

Geography

Guiseley is situated on the higher land to the north of the Aire Valley. The A65 road passes through, there is a railway station and Leeds Bradford Airport is nearby.
Question:
What chain of restaurants was founded in Guiseley, Yorkshire, in the 1920s?
Answer:
Harry Ramsden
Passage:
Da capo
Da capo,, is a musical term in Italian, meaning from the beginning (literally from the head).  It is often abbreviated D.C. It is a composer or publisher's directive to repeat the previous part of music, often used to save space. In small pieces this might be the same thing as a repeat, but in larger works D.C. might occur after one or more repeats of small sections, indicating a return to the very beginning. The resulting structure of the piece is generally in ternary form. Sometimes the composer describes the part to be repeated, for example: Menuet da capo. In opera, where an aria of this structure is called a da capo aria, the repeated section is often adorned with grace notes.

Variations of the direction are:
* Da Capo al Fine (D.C. al Fine): repeat from beginning to the end (or up to the word fine, should that appear at the end of the passage, movement &c. - the word "fine" itself signifying '"end" / "ending").
* Da Capo al Coda (D.C. al Coda): repeat from beginning to an indicated place and then play the tail part (the coda).

D.C. al Coda is a musical direction used in sheet music. It literally means, "da Capo al Coda," or "from the head to the tail". It directs the musician to go back and repeat the music from the beginning ("Capo"), and to continue playing until one reaches the first coda symbol. Upon reaching the first coda, one is to skip to the second coda symbol (which signifies the ending of the piece), and continue playing until the end. The portion of the piece from the second coda to the end is often referred to as the "coda" of the piece, or quite literally as the "end". This may also be instructed by simply using the words al Coda after which the musician is to skip to the written word Coda.
Question:
On a musical score, what does 'da capo' mean?
Answer:
From the Beginning (disambiguation)
Passage:
2008 Cheltenham Gold Cup
The 2008 Cheltenham Gold Cup was a horse race which took place at Cheltenham on Friday March 14, 2008. It was the 80th running of the Cheltenham Gold Cup, and it was won by Denman. The winner was ridden by Sam Thomas, and the first three horses were all trained by Paul Nicholls. The odds-on favourite Kauto Star finished second and Neptune Collonges was a close third.

The race had been billed as the most anticipated Gold Cup since Arkle and Mill House clashed in 1964, with Kauto Star racing against Denman for the first time. However, a close contest failed to materialise as Denman defeated his rival by a comfortable margin.

Race details

* Sponsor: Totesport
* Winner's prize money: £268,279.10
* Going: Good to Soft
* Number of runners: 12
* Winner's time: 6m 47.84s

Full result

* The distances between the horses are shown in lengths or shorter. shd 
 short-head; PU = pulled-up.† Trainers are based in Great Britain unless indicated.

Winner's details

Further details of the winner, Denman:

* Foaled: April 17, 2000 in Ireland
* Sire: Presenting; Dam: Polly Puttens (Pollerton)
* Owner: Paul Barber and Margaret Findlay
* Breeder: Colman O'Flynn
Question:
Which horse won the 2008 Cheltenham Gold Cup?
Answer:
Denman (disambiguation)
Passage:
A Rake's Progress
A Rake's Progress is a series of eight paintings by 18th-century English artist William Hogarth. The canvases were produced in 1732–33, then engraved and published in print form in 1734. The series shows the decline and fall of Tom Rakewell, the spendthrift son and heir of a rich merchant, who comes to London, wastes all his money on luxurious living, prostitution and gambling, and as a consequence is imprisoned in the Fleet Prison and ultimately Bethlem Hospital, or Bedlam.  The original paintings are in the collection of Sir John Soane's Museum in London, where they are normally on display.

The filmmaker Alan Parker has described the works as an ancestor to the storyboard. 

Paintings

Adaptations

Gavin Gordon wrote a 1935 ballet titled The Rake's Progress, based directly on Hogarth's paintings. It was choreographed by Ninette de Valois, designed by Rex Whistler, has been recorded several times, and remains in the repertoires of various ballet companies.

The 1946 RKO film Bedlam, produced by Val Lewton and directed by Mark Robson, was inspired by A Rake's Progress. Hogarth received a writing credit for the film.

Igor Stravinsky's 1951 opera The Rake's Progress, with a libretto by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman, is loosely based on the story from Hogarth's paintings. In 1961, David Hockney created his own print edition version of The Rake's Progress; he has also created stage designs for the Stravinsky Opera.

The University of New Hampshire's Department of Theatre and Dance created a collaborative stage show titled "The Rake's Progress" in 2003, which, with 17 actors and actresses, provided an intensive study of the etchings.
Question:
Which British artist painted the series 'A Rake's Progress' in 1735?
Answer:
Hogarthean
Passage:
Team sport
A team sport includes any sport which involves two or more players working together towards a shared objective. A team sport is an activity in which individuals are organized into opposing teams which compete to win. Examples are basketball, volleyball, water polo, handball, lacrosse, cricket, baseball, and the various forms of football and hockey.

Overview

Team sports are practiced between opposing teams, where the players interact directly and simultaneously between them to achieve an objective. The objective generally involves teammates facilitating the movement of a ball or similar object in accordance with a set of rules, in order to score points.

However, other types of team sports do not involve teammates facilitating the movement of a ball or similar item in accordance with a set of rules, in order to score points. For example, swimming, rowing, sailing, dragon boat racing, and track and field among others are also team sports.
In other types of team sports there may not be an opposing team or point scoring, for example, mountaineering. Instead of points scored against an opposing team, the relative difficulty of the climb or walk is the measure of the achievement.

In some sports where participants are entered by a team, they do not only compete against members of other teams but also against each other for points towards championship standings. For example, motorsport, particularly Formula One. In cycling however, team members whilst still in competition with each other, will also work towards assisting one, usually a specialist, member of the team to the highest possible finishing position. This process is known as team orders and although previously accepted was banned in Formula One  between 2002 and 2010. After a controversy involving team orders at the 2010 German Grand Prix however, the regulation was removed as of the  season. 

History

Sprinting as a team sport has ancient history of several thousand years as evidenced in the engravings on the cave in Lascaux in France which depicts people running after animals or vice versa; this was an issue of survival of the fittest.

Organized sports in athletics, started in Greece in 796 BC, is recorded up to 393 BC. These games, which are Olympic games, were a form to test the skills of warriors, consisted of running, jumping or leaping, wrestling (combat sport), and javelin throw.  In the Bayankhongor Province of Mongolia cave paintings dating back to Neolithic age of 7000 BC depict a wrestling match surrounded by crowds.  Cave paintings of the Prehistoric times in Japan show a sport similar to sumo wrestling.  In Wadi Sura, near Gilf Kebir in Libya, Neolithic in the cave of swimmers shows evidence of swimming in a rock painting and archery being practiced around 6000 BC. 

The name "athletes" is derived from  Aethelius, the King of Elis in Olympia, Greece. The practice of carrying flaming torches by young athletes is also traced to the King of Elis, under whose super vision the games were held; it is claimed by some Historians as the first record of Olympic Sprint racing. Before the start of the races gods were invoked by offering of mostly fruits and vegetables. The winner of the race was crowned with a wreath of olive or laurel and cereal sticks were offered as a  trophy. In subsequent years monetary attractions were introduced as prize money. However, the practice of offering celery sticks is still in vogue in the 100 m sprint in the Olympics.

The present pattern of Olympic Games is akin to the practice followed in the ancient days. Sprint was the coveted event. The 200 m sprint is known in Greek as "short foot race". The 400 m race is equivalent to two stades and called Diaulos in Greek.

Late 20th and early 21st centuries

With the advent of computer gaming and the Internet, Esports which is in vogue for quite a few years was recorded in October 1972 as a video game. A Space war tournament was organized by Stanford University which was titled "Intergalactic Spacewar Olympics" with a prize offering of one-year subscription to Rolling Stone.

Olympic team sports

Seven team sports are currently on the program of the Summer Olympics; rugby sevens will debut in the Olympics in 2016.  Cricket's inclusion in the 2024 Summer Olympics depends on the decision of the International Cricket Council and its members.  A cricket tournament formed part of the Summer Olympics in 1900, although only one match was played, between teams representing Great Britain and France. However, the British team was effectively a club touring side and the French players were drawn partly from expatriates living in Paris. 

Ice hockey and curling are team sports at the Winter Olympics together with the bobsleigh competition where the men's event has classes for both two- and four-man sleds, but the women's class is restricted to two persons only. 

All Olympic team sports include competitions for both men and women.
Question:
The team sport Bandy (or Russian Hockey) is played on what surface?
Answer:
Ice-thirteen
Passage:
SculptSite.com: Mark Wallinger Sculpture
SculptSite.com: Mark Wallinger Sculpture
BD the Architects' Website
By Will Hurst
Plans for a giant horse intended to become a new landmark in Kent have been given planning permission.
EBBSFLEET VALLEY, KENT THAMESIDE, UK - Artist Mark Wallinger's White Horse is 33 times life-size and, overlooking the A2 in the Ebbsfleet Valley, will be seen by up to 60 million people a year.
The steel-frame scheme, selected following a competition, was unanimously approved yesterday by Gravesham Borough Council.
The backers of the project, Eurostar, Land Securities and London & Continental Railways, have so far injected around £1 million of seed funding to get the project off the ground.
Wallinger said: "This is a tremendously exciting project. I was honoured that my White Horse won the competition and I am delighted that Gravesham Borough Council has granted it planning permission. The team and I are very much looking forward to creating a new landmark for the area."
Project Director Mark Davy said the sculpture would "act as an important catalyst for the cultural identity of the area".
"Ebbsfleet Valley will be a major new mixed-use development, which is set to become a hub for an emerging new economy in the South-east," he added.
Other parties involved in the project include engineer Alliance Design Group.
A really, really large horse! This project brings to mind the large equine sculpture "Gran Cavallo" that is 24 ft high located at the wonderful Frederik Meijer Gardens and Sculpture Park located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The "Gran Cavallo" sculpture may seem small when compared to the White Horse Sculpture that is said will be 50m-high (164ft) - making it about seven times larger if my calculations are correct. In the case of this sculpture, one might want to utilize the popular phrase - size does matter!
More Sculpture News ....
Question:
Ebbsfleet in Kent will be the site of a giant sculpture by Mark Wallinger, what form will the sculpture take?
Answer:
(Giant) Horse
Passage:
Life in the Fast Lane
"Life in the Fast Lane" is a song written by Joe Walsh, Glenn Frey and Don Henley and recorded by the American rock band Eagles on their 1976 studio album Hotel California. It was the third single released from this album, and peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Content

It tells the story of a couple that takes their excessive lifestyle to the edge. On In the Studio with Redbeard, Glenn Frey revealed that the title came to him one day when he was riding on the freeway with a drug dealer known as "The Count". Frey asked the dealer to slow down and the response was, "What do you mean? It's life in the fast lane!" In that same interview, Frey indicated that the song's central riff was played by Walsh while the band was warming up in rehearsals and Walsh was told to "keep that; it's a song."  Don Henley recalled that the "song actually sprang from the opening guitar riff.  One day, at rehearsal, Joe [Walsh] just busted out that crazy riff and I said 'What the hell is that?  We've got to figure out to make a song out of that."  Henley and Frey then primarily wrote the lyrics.

Critical reception

In 2016, the editors of Rolling Stone Magazine rated "Life in the Fast Lane" as the Eagles 8th greatest song.

Personnel

*Don Henley: Lead vocals, drums
*Glenn Frey: Clavinet, backing vocals
*Joe Walsh: Lead guitar, rhythm guitar
*Don Felder: Rhythm guitar, lead guitar
*Randy Meisner: Bass guitar, backing vocals

Covers and references

Garth Brooks for the 2013 "Classic Rock" album in the "Blame It All on My Roots: Five Decades of Influences" compilation.

Eagles guitarist Joe Walsh plays the song on his solo tours.

In 2007, Jill Johnson recorded the song on her album Music Row. 

The track "Livin' It Up" on Limp Bizkit's album Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water samples the phrase life in the fast lane throughout. Frey, Henley, and Walsh are credited in the "lyrics by" portion of the liner notes.

The song's title was the inspiration for "Life on the Fast Lane", an episode from the first season of the TV series The Simpsons.

Rascal Flatts and Carrie Underwood sang the song at the 2007 Grammy Awards.

The song was used as the soundtrack for the roller coaster Eagles-Life in the Fast Lane, opened at Hard Rock Park in May 2008. It was SBNO (Standing but not Operating), but reopened on May 23, 2009, as The Iron Horse. 

The song is featured on the 1978 FM soundtrack.

In the film Fast Times at Ridgemont High a band covers the song at the graduation dance.

This song is featured as a downloadable song for the video game Guitar Hero World Tour.

The country music group Williams Riley released their version of the song to country radio on August 23, 2010.

Charts
Question:
"Released in 1976, on which album would you find the songs, ""Life in the Fast Lane"", ""New Kid in Town"" and ""Wasted Time""?"
Answer:
On a dark desert highway
Passage:
Solomon's Proverbs: Money - Let God Be True
The Proverbs of Solomon
Proverbs 10:4
Before you can save or invest money, you must earn it. Solomon emphasized diligence as a key to financial success. A lazy person will be poor, and most poor are relatively lazy. But the labors of the diligent man will acquire riches.
 
Proverbs 13:23
Is the idiom true, A fool and his money are soon parted? It is, and it was. Solomon saw the poor gather large harvests, but they never had anything left at the end of the year. Their lack of financial judgment cost them their income.
 
Proverbs 21:20
A man who works hard, saves some of all income, and restrains his spending will have an estate. But a fool cannot resist the urge to blow his income on things he does not need. He will never have an estate or anything nice in life.
 
Proverbs 11:24
A great way to get ahead is to give your money away! It is true! Business schools are not smart enough to know it, but Solomon did. If you stingily hold back to protect assets, you will lose; if you throw it away, you will prosper!
 
Proverbs 14:15
Bernie Madoff made off with $50 billion of other's money. The next Bernie may scam you, unless you learn to think critically. Solomon knew more about frauds and hoaxes than any man, and he gave a simple rule to protect you.
 
Proverbs 11:15
Most financial loss and risk can be avoided, if you strict about your commitments. Risk is the danger of something else taking your money from you. But you can be sure in your estate, if you hate the right things that Solomon teaches.
 
Hard work works! Talking about a business opportunity does not! Called multi-level marketing or direct sales, they rely on rah-rah meetings to get you to buy overpriced products in hope you might become a millionaire.
 
Proverbs 30:25
Saving money is not just a good idea or possible use of income. It is a commandment of God, and He created a little creature to teach you the lesson – the ant! They work hard all summer, and they save much food for winter.
 
Proverbs 21:17
Are you a spendthrift? You cannot prosper. It is not the high cost of living hurting you, but rather the cost of high living. Stop spending beyond your income. Wise men do not spend all they make, but fools do and die poor.
 
Proverbs 3:9
You can honor God by obedience, worship, prayer, and singing. But you can also do it by firstfruits giving (no other kind will work). If you put Him first this way, He will put you first in line for financial blessings. Read it.
 
You have to spend money to make money. If you have heard this before, it was taken from this proverb. Wise men invest savings in income-producing assets to leverage their ability and time to get ahead faster than others.
 
Slow down! Especially with money! Haste makes waste! God and Solomon order you to slow down, because ambitious and impulsive decisions reveal a covetous and greedy man, and poverty is coming to those hasty to be rich.
Question:
According to the proverb, a fool and his money are soon what?
Answer:
Partprobe
Passage:
2001: A Space Odyssey
2001: A Space Odyssey is a science-fiction narrative, produced in 1968 as both a novel, written by Arthur C. Clarke, and a film, directed by Stanley Kubrick. It is a part of Clarke's Space Odyssey series. Both the novel and the film are partially based on Clarke's short story "The Sentinel", written in 1948 as an entry in a BBC short story competition, and "Encounter in the Dawn", published in 1953 in the magazine Amazing Stories.

Resources 

After deciding on Clarke's 1948 short story "The Sentinel" as the starting point, and with the themes of man's relationship with the universe in mind, Clarke sold Kubrick five more of his stories to use as background materials for the film. These included "Breaking Strain", "Out of the Cradle, Endlessly Orbiting...", "Who's There?", "Into the Comet", and "Before Eden".  Additionally, important elements from two more Clarke stories, "Encounter at Dawn" and (to a somewhat lesser extent) "Rescue Party", made their way into the finished project.  One other element (crossing vacuum without an intact pressure suit) is from the short story "Take a Deep Breath".

Development 

Clarke was originally going to write the screenplay for the film, but this proved to be more tedious than he had anticipated. Instead, Kubrick and Clarke decided it would be best to write a prose treatment first and then adapt it for the film and novel upon its completion.

Clarke and Kubrick jointly developed the screenplay and treatment, which were loosely based on The Sentinel and incorporated elements from various other Clarke stories. Clarke wrote the novel adaptation independently. Although the film has become famous due to its groundbreaking visual effects and ambiguous, abstract nature, the film and book were intended to complement each other.

Film 

The film was written by Clarke and Kubrick and featured specialist artwork by Roy Carnon.  The film is notable for its scientific realism, pioneering special effects, and provocatively ambiguous imagery and sound in place of traditional narrative techniques.

Despite receiving mixed reviews upon release, 2001: A Space Odyssey is today thought by some critics to be one of the greatest films ever made and is widely regarded as one of the best science fiction film of all time. It was nominated for four Academy Awards, and received one for visual effects. It also won the Kansas City Film Critics Circle Best Director and Best Film awards of 1968. In 1991, 2001: A Space Odyssey was deemed culturally significant by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Score 

A musical score was commissioned for the film and composed by Alex North, but Kubrick ultimately decided not to use it, in favour of the classical pieces he used as guides during shooting. These included Richard Strauss's "Also Sprach Zarathustra", Johann Strauss' "Blue Danube Waltz", and music by twentieth-century composers Aram Khachaturian and Gyorgy Ligeti.

Novel 

Arthur C. Clarke wrote the novel. He developed it concurrently with the film version and published it in 1968, after the film's release.  The Lost Worlds of 2001 (1972) elaborates on Clarke and Kubrick's collaboration. 

The novel has numerous differences from the film. Most notably, the setting for the part three (of four) in the book is not Jupiter, as in the film, but Saturn.

Comics 

2001: A Space Odyssey was the name of an oversized comic book adaptation of the 1968 film of the same name and a 10-issue monthly series "expanding" on the ideas presented in the film and the eponymous Arthur C. Clarke novel. Jack Kirby wrote and pencilled both the adaptation and the series, which were published by Marvel Comics beginning in 1976.

The Space Odyssey series 

The Space Odyssey series is a science fiction series of four novels, primarily written by the science-fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke, and two films created from 1968 to 1997. Stanley Kubrick directed the first film, 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968). He also co-authored the treatment and screenplay with Clarke, based on the seed idea in an earlier short story by Clarke (which bears little relation to the film other than the idea of an alien civilisation's having left something to alert them to mankind's attaining the ability to space travel). Clarke's novel 2001: A Space Odyssey was published in 1968. Kubrick had no involvement in any of the later projects.

Peter Hyams directed the second film, 2010 (1984). He also wrote the screenplay based on Clarke's novel, 2010: Odyssey Two (1982). Clarke was not directly involved in Hyams' film's production as he had been with Kubrick's film, although he did appear in a cameo role in the finished film, sitting on a park bench feeding birds outside the White House.
Question:
The 1968 film '2001: A space Odyssey' was based on which story by Arthur C Clarke?
Answer:
Daily Sentinel
Passage:
Stella Kowalski
Stella Kowalski (née DuBois) is one of the main characters in Tennessee Williams' play A Streetcar Named Desire. She is the younger sister of central character Blanche DuBois and wife of Stanley Kowalski.  

In the play

The play begins when Blanche comes to visit Stella and Stanley in New Orleans after having lost their family home, Belle Reve, and her job as a teacher in Laurel, Mississippi.  We gather that Stella was a Southern belle who left her home town to find work after her family fell on hard times.  In New Orleans, she met her soon-to-be husband, Stanley Kowalski, who has just returned from World War II, complete with decorations. Stella is portrayed as sensual and declining to the will of her husband. 

Stanley is prone to fits of rage in which he throws things and hits Stella.  She often finds herself taking refuge at her neighbor Eunice’s home, only to return to Stanley when he cries for her to take him back. It is clear in the play that Stella is attracted to Stanley's passionate, animal nature, and that is why she stays with him. Williams neither condemns nor condones this sort of love; it is the way Stella yields to her marriage. Blanche, who has arrived for a "visit," is horrified by her sister's situation and tries to convince Stella to divorce Stanley, but Stella refuses, bound to Stanley by sexual attraction and her pregnancy with his child.

Stanley, who prides himself on luring Stella away from her privileged background, dislikes the influence Blanche has over his young wife. When Stanley discovers that Blanche has lost the family estate and been forced out of her home town, he gleefully tells Stella, who initially refuses to believe him.

The night Stella goes into labor, Stanley drunkenly happens upon Blanche and rapes her. This sends Blanche completely over the edge into a nervous breakdown.  From what she says in the final scene, it is clear that Stella has chosen to believe that Blanche is lying about the rape. She acquiesces to his plan to send Blanche off to a mental institution. However, in the film adaptation, it is shown that Stella leaves him with their child (though it is ambiguous if she goes back to him).

In other media

Stella was portrayed by Kim Hunter in the Broadway production as well as the 1951 film adaptation. Hunter won an Academy Award for her performance.

In the 1984 and 1995 made for TV remakes, she was portrayed by Beverly D'Angelo and Diane Lane, respectively.

In the 1951 film adaptation of A Streetcar Named Desire, there is a suggestion that Stella may leave Stanley after she finds out about the rape.
Question:
Who is the elder sister of Stella Kowalski in Tennessee Williams' 1947 play A Streetcar Named Desire?
Answer:
Blanche DuBois (character)
Passage:
A stitch in time saves nine - Phrase Finder
'A stitch in time saves nine' - the meaning and origin of this phrase
Famous Last Words
Browse phrases beginning with:
A stitch in time saves nine
more like this...
A timely effort will prevent more work later.
Origin
This is nothing to do with rips in the fabric of the space-time continuum, as some have ingeniously suggested. The meaning of this proverb is often requested at the Phrase Finder Discussion Forum, so I'll be explicit. The question usually asked is "saves nine what"? The 'stitch in time' is simply the prompt sewing up of a small hole or tear in a piece of material, so saving the need for more stitching at a later date when the hole has become larger. Clearly the first users of this expression were referring to saving nine stitches.
This little homily seems to be falling out of use - as does stitching.
This proverbial expression was obviously meant as an incentive to the lazy. It's especially gratifying that 'a stitch in time saves nine' is an anagram for 'this is meant as incentive'!
The Anglo Saxon work ethic is being called on here. Many English proverbs encourage immediate effort as superior to putting things off until later; for example, 'one year's seeds, seven year's weeds', 'procrastination is the thief of time' and ' the early bird catches the worm '.
The 'stitch in time' notion has been current in English for a very long time and is first recorded in Thomas Fuller's Gnomologia, Adagies and Proverbs, Wise Sentences and Witty Sayings, Ancient and Modern, Foreign and British, 1732:
"A Stitch in Time May save nine."
Fuller, who recorded a large number of the early proverbs in the language, wrote an explanatory preamble to this one:
"Because verses are easier got by heart, and stick faster in the memory than prose; and because ordinary people use to be much taken with the clinking of syllables; many of our proverbs are so formed, and very often put into false rhymes; as, a stitch in time, may save nine; many a little will make a mickle . This little artiface, I imagine, was contrived purposely to make the sense abide the longer in the memory, by reason of its oddness and archness."
As far as is known, the first person to state unambiguously that 'a stitch in time saves nine', rather than Fuller's less confident 'may save nine', was the English astronomer Francis Baily, in his Journal, written in 1797 and published in 1856 by Augustus De Morgan:
After a little while we acquired a method of keeping her [a boat] in the middle of the stream, by watching the moment she began to vary, and thereby verifying the vulgar proverb, '"A stitch in time saves nine."
Question:
Finish this saying. 'A stitch in time saves'?
Answer:
9
Passage:
Herb
In general use, herbs are any plants used for food, flavoring, medicine, or perfume etc. Culinary use typically distinguishes herbs from spices.  Herbs refer to the leafy green parts of a plant (either fresh or dried), while a "spice" is a product from another part of the plant (usually dried), including seeds, berries, bark, roots and fruits.

In botanical English, the word "herb" is also used as a synonym of "herbaceous plant".

Herbs have a variety of uses including culinary, medicinal, and in some cases, spiritual. General usage of the term "herb" differs between culinary herbs and medicinal herbs.  In medicinal or spiritual use any of the parts of the plant might be considered "herbs", including leaves, roots, flowers, seeds, resin, root bark, inner bark (and cambium), berries and sometimes the pericarp or other portions of the plant.

The word "herb" is pronounced in the UK,  but is common among North American speakers and those from other regions where h-dropping occurs.

History 

As far back as 5000 BCE, Sumerians used herbs in medicine.  Ancient Egyptians used fennel, coriander and thyme around 1555 BCE. In ancient Greece, in 162 CE, a physician by the name of Galen was known for concocting complicated herbal remedies that contained up to 100 ingredients.

Culinary herbs

Culinary herbs are distinguished from vegetables in that, like spices, they are used in small amounts and provide flavor rather than substance to food.

Culinary herbs can come in two different forms. They can be in their natural state which is straight from the garden or bought in store, however once they are removed from the main plant they have a life expectancy of around one week if they are refrigerated. Then there is dried herbs, this form of herb is a much more concentrated than if it is fresh, these herbs can be kept anywhere from 6–12 months in a cool dark place.BBC. (2016). Food Ingredients – Herbs. Retrieved from http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/herb

Herbs can be perennials such as thyme or lavender, biennials such as parsley, or annuals like basil. Perennial herbs can be shrubs such as rosemary, Rosmarinus officinalis, or trees such as bay laurel, Laurus nobilis – this contrasts with botanical herbs, which by definition cannot be woody plants. Some plants are used as both herbs and spices, such as dill weed and dill seed or coriander leaves and seeds. Also, there are some herbs such as those in the mint family that are used for both culinary and medicinal purposes.

Medicinal herbs

Some plants contain phytochemicals that have effects on the body.  There may be some effects when consumed in the small levels that typify culinary "spicing", and some herbs are toxic in larger quantities. For instance, some types of herbal extract, such as the extract of St. John's-wort (Hypericum perforatum) or of kava (Piper methysticum) can be used for medical purposes to relieve depression and stress. However, large amounts of these herbs may lead to toxic overload that may involve complications, some of a serious nature, and should be used with caution.

Herbs have long been used as the basis of traditional Chinese herbal medicine, with usage dating as far back as the first century CE  and far before. In India, the Ayurveda medicinal system is based on herbs.  Medicinal use of herbs in Western cultures has its roots in the Hippocratic (Greek) elemental healing system, based on a quaternary elemental healing metaphor. Famous herbalist of the Western tradition include Avicenna (Persian), Galen (Roman), Paracelsus (German Swiss), Culpepper (English) and the botanically inclined  Eclectic physicians of 19th century/early 20th century America (John Milton Scudder, Harvey Wickes Felter, John Uri Lloyd). Modern pharmaceuticals had their origins in crude herbal medicines, and to this day, some drugs are still extracted as fractionate/isolate compounds from raw herbs and then purified to meet pharmaceutical standards.

Certain herbs contain psychoactive properties that have been used for both religious and recreational purposes by humans since the early Holocene era, notably the leaves and extracts of the cannabis and coca plants. The leaves of the coca plant have been chewed by people in northern Peruvian societies for over 8,000 years,  while the use of cannabis as a psychoactive substance dates back to the first century CE in China and northern Africa. 

The indigenous peoples of Australia developed herbal medicine based on plants that were readily available to them. The isolation of the indigenous people meant the remedies developed were for far less serious diseases, this was from not contracting western illnesses. Herbs such as river mint, wattle and eucalyptus were used for coughs, diarrhea, fever and headaches.

Sacred herbs

Herbs are used in many religions.  For example, myrrh (Commiphora myrrha) and frankincense (Boswellia species) in Hellenistic religion, the nine herbs charm in Anglo-Saxon paganism, neem (Azadirachta indica) leaves, bael (Aegele marmelos) leaves, holy basil or tulsi (Ocimum tenuiflorum), turmeric or "haldi" (Curcuma longa), and cannabis in Hinduism. Rastafari also consider cannabis to be a holy plant.

Siberian shamans also used herbs for spiritual purposes. Plants may be used to induce spiritual experiences for rites of passage, such as vision quests in some Native American cultures. The Cherokee Native Americans use both white sage and cedar for spiritual cleansing and smudging.

Herbal cosmetics 

The use of herbal cosmetics dates back to around six centuries ago in the European and Western countries. Mixtures and pastes were often concocted to whiten the face. During the 1940s, herbal cosmetics took a turn with the emerging red lipstick color, with every year gaining a more intense red. Herbal cosmetics come in many forms, such as face creams, scrubs, lipstick, natural fragrances, and body oils.
Question:
What is the herb that is used mostly in Swedish cookery
Answer:
Dill
Passage:
Handbags and Gladrags
"Handbags and Gladrags" is a song written in 1967 by Mike d'Abo, who was then the lead singer of Manfred Mann. D'Abo describes the song as "saying to a teenage girl that the way to happiness is not through being trendy. There are deeper values." 

The original demo tape of the original version of the song was discovered in 2004 in a closet belonging to Mo Foster. It was amongst a collection of studio recordings d'Abo had recorded in the late 1960s and early 1970s. The collection, including the demo recording, was eventually released on the Angel Air label under the title of Missing Gems & Treasured Friends. 

Chris Farlowe version

In November 1967, singer Chris Farlowe was the first to release a version of the song, produced by Mike d'Abo.  It became a #33 hit in the United Kingdom for Immediate Records. This arrangement of the song featured Dave Greenslade's piano blues-scale riff. The song was included as track 13 (of 14) on Farlowe's 1969 album The Last Goodbye. 

Rod Stewart version

In 1969, Rod Stewart recorded a version for the album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down. This version of the song was arranged by Mike d'Abo, who also played piano on the recording. The song failed to garner significant sales or airplay in the United States, but when it was re-released as a single in 1972, it managed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at 42 in March. In 1993, he recorded a live version on the song during his session for MTV Unplugged. This version was included on the album Unplugged...and Seated. When introducing the song at the 2004 live recording of One Night Only! Rod Stewart Live at Royal Albert Hall, Stewart asked the audience to recall who "did it" and "who else did it" (presumably referring to the Stereophonics version) and then reminded them "I did it the first!"

Although it was never a hit single for Stewart in the UK, in recognition of its renewed popularity following its use for television series The Office and Stereophonics returning it to the charts, he performed "Handbags and Gladrags" (backed by Phil Collins on drums) as his only song at the Party at the Palace in 2002.

The original record arrangement includes a "plaintive oboe phrasing". 

Chase version

In 1971, Bill Chase and his jazz/rock fusion group Chase recorded a version as a single. It was included on their 1971 debut album Chase. It was sung by Ted Piercefield.

Stereophonics version

In 2001, Welsh rock band Stereophonics released a version of the song on single. It was subsequently added to their previous album's re-release Just Enough Education to Perform as track seven and on their first compilation album as the final track.   The band originally recorded their version as a demo "for a laugh", but after the record company heard it they saw the potential of it being a single and subsequently had it commissioned as one.  Despite receiving criticism it became their most successful single in Ireland, peaking at number three and is one of two Stereophonics singles to be certified gold in the UK – the other being "Dakota" (2005).

Release and reception

The song was released as a single on 3 December 2001.  Five different releases were made available to the public, this included: two CDs, maxi-CD, vinyl and cassette. The first CD released included two more covers, Ewan MacColl's "First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" and John Lennon's "How?". The second CD contained a live version of "Caravan Holiday" and "Nice to be Out", both from Just Enough Education to Perform. The 7" vinyl only had "First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" for a b-side, as did the cassette format. The maxi-CD includes all five songs but not the live version of "Handbags and Gladrags".

Following on from the "Mr. Writer" critical backlash, the song received a negative review from Drowned in Sound reviewer Anita Bhagwandas.  Bhagwandas described it as the "final drop in the Stereophonics inevitable descent into pop mediocrity" and criticised the group for "selling out."

Track listing

Personnel

;Stereophonics 
* Kelly Jones – lead vocals, guitar
* Richard Jones – bass guitar
* Stuart Cable – drums

;Additional
* Scott James – guitar
* Jools Holland's Rhythm and Blues Orchestra

;Technical
* Production – Laurie Latham, Stereophonics
* Engineering – Latham

Charts and certifications

Charts

Certifications

The Office theme song

In 2000, a version of "Handbags and Gladrags" was specifically arranged by Big George as the theme song on the BBC series The Office. Three versions were recorded:

*a short, instrumental piece as the opening titles theme
*a short, vocal piece as the closing titles theme
*an alternative full studio version

Both vocal versions feature the vocal performance of Waysted vocalist Fin Muir.

In Series One, Episode Four, a version performed by Ricky Gervais (in character as David Brent) was featured over the end credits.

Version release history
Question:
'Handbags and Gladrags' is the theme tune of which comedy TV show?
Answer:
The office tv
Passage:
Dalegarth for Boot railway station
Dalegarth for Boot railway station is the easterly terminus of the 15" gauge Ravenglass & Eskdale Railway in Cumbria. It has a café and shop for passengers, along with a run-round loop, turntable and siding for trains. It is located next to the Whillan Beck, a tributary of the River Esk flowing from the isolated Burnmoor Tarn.

History

The station has stood on this site since the mid-1920s, when it was moved from in front of the nearby miners' cottages (now home to employees of the railway). In the days of the 3' gauge line, the station was at Boot, but soon after the conversion of the final stretch to 15" gauge, it became apparent that the miniature locomotives could not cope with the gradient, and the line was diverted to the current station, which is on the route of a late-Victorian mine branch from the cottages to Gill Force, across the River Esk. The former route to Boot can still be seen and walked. 

For about 80 years, the station building was a converted second-hand hut from the weapons testing establishment at Eskmeals near Ravenglass. The current building, utilising its railway embankment site to create a split-level layout with an education/meeting suite below the main café and shop area, was opened on 21 April 2007 by music producer and railway enthusiast Pete Waterman. At the climax of the Cumbria shootings in 2010, passengers had to remain within the station building under armed guard.

Present Day

Today, the station houses the Fellbites Eatery and Scafell Gift Shop (which also acts as a booking office) that are open when the railway are running scheduled passenger trains, where locomotives can be seen detaching from the rolling stock and coupling onto the other end for the return journey to Ravenglass. Scafell Gift Shop has a range of products similar to that of Ravenglass. The station has two platforms with a turntable at the Eastern extremity of the line and a water tank at the Western end of platform 1. 

The station grounds also have amenities such as toilets and free car parking on site. Boot village is a 5 minute walk from the station, and has a restored water mill together with the Boot Inn and Brook House Inn.

Accessibility

Wheelchair passengers should reserve a wheelchair space prior to the day of travel, so that the railway can accommodate such passengers. 

Gallery

File:Dalegarth Ravenglass & Eskdale geograph-3281527-by-Ben-Brooksbank.jpg|Ravenglass & Eskdale Petrol 0-4-4 at Dalegarth, 1951
File:Dalegarth Ravenglass & Eskdale geograph-3277201-by-Ben-Brooksbank.jpg|Ravenglass & Eskdale train at Dalegarth, 1951
File:Douglas Ferreira at Dalegarth.jpg|Douglas Ferreira arrives at Dalegarth, July 2006
File:Dalegarth Station 0210.jpg|River Irt arrives at Dalegarth, February 2010
File:Dalegarth Turntable - geograph.org.uk - 315848.jpg|The turntable at the end of the line
File:Dalegarth for Boot Railway Station (5746375930).jpg|Station sign
Question:
Which heritage railway runs seven miles inland from a station on the Cumbrian coast to Dalegarth Station?
Answer:
La'al Ratty
Passage:
Coriander & Garlic Chutney Recipe - Show Me The Curry
Coriander and Garlic Chutney Recipe Video - Easy Chutney Recipe by Show Me The Curry,indian recipe, cooking videos, recipe videos
Tweet
Many times we see recipes that call for “Green Chutney” or “Dhania Chutney”, among other names.  The combination of ingredients possible to get that “Green Chutney” are far and wide.  Today, we show you one of our versions, a Coriander and Garlic Chutney.  You can use this easy Dhania Chutney recipe in Chaats, sandwiches or as a dipping sauce.
Ingredients: (Most ingredients are to taste)
Cilantro (Coriander) – 1 large bunch, including stems
Garlic – 5 large cloves
Green Chilies – 2 to 3 or to taste
Tamarind Pulp – to taste
Question:
If an Indian recipe includes 'Lehsun', what ingredient would you use?
Answer:
Garlic scape
Passage:
Spaghetti Vongole | Pasta Recipes | Jamie Oliver Recipes
Spaghetti Vongole | Pasta Recipes | Jamie Oliver Recipes
Tap For Ingredients
Method
Put a pan of water on to boil. While that’s happening, sort through your cleaned clams and if there are any that aren’t tightly closed, give them a sharp tap. If they don’t close, throw them away. Put a large pan with a lid on a high heat and let it heat up. Finely slice the parsley stalks, then put them to one side and roughly chop the leaves. Peel and chop the garlic, quarter the tomatoes and get your wine ready.
Add the pasta to the boiling water with a good pinch of salt and cook according to packet instructions until al dente. About 5 minutes before your pasta is ready, get ready to start cooking – you'll have to be quick about this, so no mucking about! Put 4 generous lugs of extra virgin olive oil into the hot pan and add the garlic, parsley stalks and a good pinch of salt and pepper. Crumble in the dried chilli and add the chopped tomatoes. Stir everything around constantly and just as the garlic starts to colour, tip in the clams and pour in the wine. It will splutter and steam, so give everything a good shake and put the lid on the pan. After about 3 or 4 minutes the clams will start to open, so keep shuffling the pan around until all of them have opened. Take the pan off the heat. Get rid of any clams that haven't opened.
By now your pasta should be just about perfect. Drain and add to the pan of clams along with the parsley leaves and an extra drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. Stir or toss for a further minute or two to let the beautiful seashore juices from the clams be absorbed into the pasta. Serve right away. No sane Italian would eat this dish without some fresh hunks of bread to mop up the juices. Beautiful!
PS The first time you make this it will be good, but you might find things don't come together exactly at the right time. But don't worry, this dish is all about confidence and the more you make this, the more you'll find the pasta and clams are ready and perfect at the same time. And then it will be great!
• from Jamie does...
Question:
Apart from pasta, what is the main ingredient of 'Spaghetti Alla Vougole'?
Answer:
CLAMS
Passage:
The Old Devils
The Old Devils is a novel by Kingsley Amis, first published in 1986. The novel won the Booker Prize. It was adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC in 1992, starring John Stride, Bernard Hepton, James Grout and Ray Smith (it was the latter's last screen appearance before his death).

Alun Weaver, a writer of modest celebrity, returns to his native Wales with his wife, Rhiannon, sometime girlfriend of Weaver's old acquaintance Peter Thomas. Alun begins associating with a group of former friends, including Peter, all of whom have continued to live locally while he was away. While drinking in the house of another acquaintance, Alun drops dead, leaving the rest of the group to pick up the pieces of their brief reunion.

The Old Devils is considered to be Amis's masterpiece by his son, Martin Amis, who wrote in his memoir, "it stands comparison with any English novel of the century."
Question:
Who wrote the 1986 Booker Prize winning novel 'The Old Devils?
Answer:
Amis, Sir Kingsley
Passage:
Christmas in France: Around the World at Santa's Net.
Christmas in France: Around the World at Santa's Net.
Christmas Traditions Around the World
Christmas in France
On Christmas Eve, children leave their shoes by the fireplace to be filled with gifts from Pere Noel. In the morning they also find that sweets, fruit, nuts and small toys have been hung on the tree.
In cathedral squares, the story of Christ's birth is re-enacted by both players and puppets.
Nearly every French home at Christmastime displays a Nativity scene or cr�che, which serves as the focus for the Christmas celebration. The cr�che is often peopled with little clay figures called santons or "little saints." In addition to the usual Holy Family, shepherds, and Magi, the craftsmen also produce figures in the form of local dignitaries and characters. The craftsmanship involved in creating the gaily colored santons is quite astounding and the molds have been passed from generation to generation since the seventeenth century. Throughout December the figures are sold at annual Christmas fairs in Marseille and Aix.
The Christmas tree has never been particularly popular in France, and though the use of the Yule log has faded, the French make a traditional Yule log-shaped cake called the buche de Nol, which means "Christmas Log." The cake, among other food in great abundance is served at the grand feast of the season, which is called le reveillon. Le reveillon is a very late supper held after midnight mass on Christmas Eve. The menu for the meal varies according to regional culinary tradition. In Alsace, goose is the main course, in Burgundy it is turkey with chestnuts, and the Parisians feast upon oysters and pat de foie gras.  Le Revellion may consist of poultry, ham, salads, cake, fruit and wine.
In Southern France, a log is burned in people's homes from Christmas Eve until New Years Day. A long time ago, part of the log was used to make the wedge for the plough as good luck for the coming harvest.
The traditional Christmas is a chocolate log.
In France families once had a Three Kings Cake with a bean hidden in it. Whoever found the bean in their slice was made King, or Queen, for the day.
In France the children go out to look for the Kings, taking gifts of hay for the camels.
Another name for this day is Twelfth Day. It is the last of the Twelve Days of Christmas, which used to be one long holiday. It was the last night of the Feast of Fools before the Lord of Misrule had to give up his crown and become themselves once again.
In France it is a time for the whole family to come together at Christmas time to holiday and worship. On the eve of Christmas beautifully lit churches and cathedrals, ring out Christmas carols with the church bells.
Once dinner is over and the family has retired to bed, they leave a fire burning and food and drink on the table in case the Virgin Mary calls in. Children leave their shoes or wooden clogs called sabots in the hearth for the Christ Child or Pere Noel to fill. In the north of France, children are given gifts on December 6, which is St. Nicholas' Day, instead of Christmas Day. The adults give each others presents on New Year's Day.
French children set out their shoes in hopes that le petit Jesus will fill them during the night with small gifts.
* * * * * AustralianMedia.com Family Network: * * * * *
Question:
What is Santa Claus called in France?
Answer:
Pere Noel
Passage:
Violet Gibson
The Honourable Violet Albina Gibson (31 August 1876 – 2 May 1956), the daughter of Lord Ashbourne, is best known for shooting Benito Mussolini in Rome in 1926.

Early life

Gibson was born in Dublin, Ireland in 1876. Her father was an Irish lawyer and politician, Edward Gibson who was created Baron Ashbourne in 1886. She became a Roman Catholic in 1902.

Shooting of Mussolini

On 7 April 1926, Violet Gibson shot Mussolini, Italy's Fascist leader, while he sat in a car in the Piazza del Campidoglio in Rome after leaving an assembly of  the International Congress of Surgeons, to whom he had delivered a speech on the wonders of modern medicine.  Gibson shot him three times, twice hitting him in the nose. She was almost lynched on the spot by an angry mob, but police intervened and took her off for questioning. Mussolini was wounded only slightly and after his nose was bandaged he continued his parade on the Capitoline. 

At the time of the assassination attempt she was almost fifty years old and did not explain her reason for trying to assassinate Mussolini. It has been theorised that Gibson was insane at the time of the attack and the idea of assassinating Mussolini was hers and that she worked alone. She was later deportedBosworth, R.J.B., Mussolini, 2002, pp 218-219 to Britain after being released without charge at the request of Mussolini. She spent the rest of her life in a mental asylum, St Andrew's Hospital in Northampton.  She is buried in Kingsthorpe Cemetery, Northampton.

Notes and references
Question:
Which prominent European politician was injured by a shot fired by Violet Gibson in 1926?
Answer:
Moussolini
Passage:
The English Classic Races | UK Flat Horse Racing Guide ...
The English Classic Races | UK Flat Horse Racing Guide | HorseRacing.co.uk
Want your site listed here? Contact Us .
Classic Races
British flat racing - meaning the races are run on 'the flat', without jumps - are the most traditional form of horse racing. The Classics, or Classic Races, are a series of five flat races, held annually and restricted to horses which are three years of age. The five races, which are subdivided into two separate competitions, the Triple Crown and the Fillies' Triple crown, are held at three different race courses; Newmarket , Epsom Downs and Doncaster . The Classic Races are so popular that bookmakers all across the UK offer year-round antepost betting on the events; allowing punting professionals to benefit from excellent early odds.
The five Classic Races in the United Kingdom are:
2,000 Guineas Stakes
This race is held at the famous Newmarket Racecourse , on the Rowley Mile, in late April or early May, and is run over a distance of one mile. The 2,000 Guineas Stakes was first held on 18th April 1809. It is open to fillies and colts, female and male three-year-olds, and is the first race of the Classics season. The 2,000 Guineas Stakes is also part of the Triple Crown, a separate cup comprised of the three classic races which allow horses of either sex to enter.
1,000 Guineas Stakes
The second race of the Classics also takes place at Newmarket 's Rowley Mile at the same time as the 2,000 Guineas Stakes (late April or early March). The 1,000 Guineas Stakes was first introduced on 28th April 1814, five years after the 2,000 Guineas Stakes was established. It is open to fillies only, female horses of three years, which makes it part of the Fillies' Triple Crown, the fillies-only version of the Triple Crown mentioned above. As the 2,000 Guineas Stakes, it is run over the course of one mile.
Epsom Oaks
The race, conducted at Epsom Downs racecourse in Surrey, is the third of the Classics races, as well as the second event in the Fillies' Triple Crown. Like the 1,000 Guineas Stakes it is a contest for female three-year-olds only. The Epsom Oaks race was established in 1779, one year before the Derby Stakes premiered. It takes its name from 'The Oaks' a home rented by the 12th Earl of Derby in the Epsom area. The race takes place over a distance of one mile, four furlongs and ten yards.
Epsom Derby
Also known as simply The Derby to locals and as the Epsom Derby to the international audience, is the fourth race of the Classics series. It is run at Epsom Downs over a distance of one mile, four furlongs and ten yards - as the Epsom Oaks -; a meeting taking place annually in early June. As it is open to colts and fillies, it is also the second leg of the Triple Crown. The very first Epsom Derby was held on 4th May 1780, with Diomed, a colt from the stables of Lord Bunbury taking first place.
St. Leger Stakes
The last race of the Classics, the Triple Crown and- strangely - the Fillies' Triple Crown is hosted at Doncaster , and run over a distance of one mile, six furlongs and 132 yards every September. The St Leger Stakes is the longest of the Classic races and was introduced in 1777, named in honour of local army officer and politician Anthony St. Leger.
Question:
Which horse racecourse hosts only one of the Classics?
Answer:
Doncaster, England
Passage:
Marie Tussaud
Anne-Marie "Marie" Tussaud (; née Grosholtz; 1 December 1761 – 16 April 1850) was a French artist, who became known for her wax sculptures and Madame Tussauds, the wax museum she founded in London.

Biography 

At the age of six, after the death of her father, Tussaud moved into the home of Philippe Curtius, a doctor in Berne, Switzerland; for whom her mother acted as housekeeper. Curtius was a physician, and was skilled in wax modelling, which he used to illustrate anatomy and later for portraits.

Curtius moved to Paris in 1765 to establish a Cabinet de Portraits En Cire (Cabinet of Portraits in Wax).  In that year, he made a waxwork of Louis XV's last mistress, Madame du Barry, a cast that is the oldest work currently on display. A year later, Tussaud and her mother joined Curtius in Paris. The first exhibition of Curtius' waxworks was shown in 1770 and attracted a large crowd. In 1776, the exhibition was moved to the Palais Royal and, in 1782, Curtius opened a second exhibit, the Caverne des Grands Voleurs (Cavern of the Grand Thieves), a precursor to Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors, on Boulevard du Temple.

It was Curtius who taught Tussaud the art of wax modeling. She showed talent for the technique and began working for him as an artist. In 1777, she created her first wax figure, that of Voltaire.  From 1780 until the Revolution in 1789, Tussaud created many of her most famous portraits of celebrities such as those of philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Benjamin Franklin. During this period her memoirs claim she became employed to teach votive making to Élisabeth, the sister of Louis XVI. In her memoirs, she admitted to be privy to private conversations between the princess and her brother and members of his court. She also claimed that members of the royal family were so pleased with her work that she was invited to live at Versailles for a period of 9 years.  Though no contemporary evidence confirm her accounts. 

French Revolution 

On 12 July 1789, wax heads of Jacques Necker and the duc d'Orléans made by Curtius were carried in a protest march two days before the attack on the Bastille.

Tussaud was perceived as a royal sympathizer; in the Reign of Terror she was arrested, along with Joséphine de Beauharnais, and her head was shaved in preparation for her execution by guillotine. She was released thanks to Collot d'Herbois' support for Curtius and his household. Tussaud was then employed to make death masks of the revolution's famous victims, including Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, Marat, and Robespierre. Her death masks were paraded through the streets of Paris, like revolutionary flags. Conflicting accounts argue over whether Tussaud sought through the dead to collect the most illustrious heads she could find, as stated in her memoirs.

When Curtius died in 1794, he left his collection of wax works to Tussaud. In 1795, she married François Tussaud, a civil engineer. The couple had three children, a daughter who died after birth, and two sons, Joseph and François.

Great Britain 

In 1802, after the Treaty of Amiens, Tussaud went to London with her son Joseph, then four years old, to present her collection of portraits. Having accepted an invitation from Paul Philidor, a magic lantern and phantasmagoria pioneer, to exhibit her work alongside his show at the Lyceum Theatre, London. She did not fare particularly well financially, with Philidor taking half of her profits.

As a result of the Napoleonic Wars, Tussaud was unable to return to France so she traveled with her collection throughout the British Isles. In 1822, she reunited with her other son, François, who joined her in the family business. Her husband remained in France and the two never again saw each other. In 1835, after 33 years touring Britain, she established her first permanent exhibition in Baker Street, on the upper floor of the "Baker Street Bazaar".  In 1838, she wrote her memoirs. In 1842, she made a self-portrait which is now on display at the entrance of her museum. Some of the sculptures done by Tussaud herself still exist.

She died in her sleep in London on 16 April 1850 at the age of 88. There is a memorial tablet to Madame Marie Tussaud on the right side of the nave of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Cadogan Street, London.

Legacy 

Upon Marie Tussaud's retirement, her son François (or Francis) became chief artist for the Exhibition. He was succeeded in turn by his son Joseph, who was succeeded by his son John Theodore Tussaud. 

Madame Tussaud's wax museum has now grown to become one of the major tourist attractions in London, and has expanded with branches in Amsterdam, Bangkok, Sydney, Madame Tussauds Hong Kong (Victoria Peak), Las Vegas, Shanghai, Berlin, Washington, D.C., New York City, Orlando, Hollywood and Singapore. The current owner is Merlin Entertainments Group, a company owned by Blackstone Group.

Notes
Question:
What nationality was Madame Tussaud
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:CH
Passage:
Speed of a Snail - Hypertextbook
Speed of a Snail - The Physics Factbook
Speed of a Snail
The World Almanac and Book of Facts 1999. New Jersey: Primedia, 1998: 572.
"Garden snail, 0.03 mph"
0.013 m/s
Branson, Branley Allan. World & I. 11, 5 (May 1996): 166.
"A large banana slug has been observed to cover 6.5 inches in 120 minutes. At that rate, a tortoise would seem fleet-footed."
0.000023 m/s
The Guinness Book of World Records 1998. Stanford, CT: Guinness, 1997: 144.
"A garden snail named Archie, owned by Carl Branhorn of Pott Row, England, covered a 13 inch course in 2 minutes at the 1995 World Snail Racing Championships, held in Longhan, England."
0.0028 m/s
Snails and slugs are gastropods, which make up the largest class of mollusks   with more than 60,000 species. Most of these species can be identified by their   shells. Some dwell in ocean, others in the freshwater of rivers, ponds, and lakes.   Land snails abound in tropical jungles and in damp temperate regions. All of them   need calcium carbonate for building their shells, and so are not common in sandy   soil. Slugs differ from snails in that they generally have only a small internal   shell.
Snails move by sliding on their single foot. Specialized glands in the foot   secrete mucus, which lubricates the path over which the snail crawls. Snails can   only crawl. Even those that live in water can't swim. As they crawl they secrete   a slime to help themselves move across surfaces. Snails and slugs travel at speeds   that vary from slow (0.013 m/s) to very slow (0.0028 m/s).
The snail's head bears the mouth opening and one or two pairs of tentacles.   The eyes are located at the base of the tentacles. Most snails live off plants   and dead organic matter, although a few are carnivorous. Their radula is a tongue-like   projection of their mouth which is lined with small sharp teeth. Some snails obtain   food by using their radula to drill holes in the shells of other mollusks.
Freshwater snails and land snails have been eaten by people since prehistoric   times. Today they are still regarded as a delicacy in many countries. The market   supply comes largely from snails that are raised in captivity on special farms   in southern France, Italy, and Spain. About 10,000 snails can be kept in a 9 square   meter area, where they are fed meal, vegetables, and bran.
Angie Yee -- 1999
Question:
What is the maximum speed of a garden snail: 0.03 mph, 0.3 mph, or 3 mph?
Answer:
0.03 mph
