Passage:
Hazell (TV series)
Hazell is a British television series that ran from 1978–1979, about a fictional private detective named James Hazell.

Overview

James Hazell was a cockney private detective character created by journalist and novelist Gordon Williams and footballer-turned-manager Terry Venables, who wrote under the joint pseudonym of P.B.Yuill. The first book, The Bornless Keeper, appeared in 1974, quickly followed by Hazell plays Solomon the same year.

"Hazell plays Solomon" was the first episode of the TV series. The wise-cracking private detective was played by Nicholas Ball. Hazell was a smart parody of earlier film-noir detectives such as Philip Marlowe or Sam Spade, the casting of Ball in the title role made for a younger TV Hazell than the printed Hazell.

A Thames Television Network Production, Hazell ran for 22 one-hour-long episodes (50 minutes without adverts). Its theme music was composed by Andy Mackay; the end credits incorporated the theme music with added lyrics, written by Judy Forrest and sung by Maggie Bell. An academic work, Hazell: The Making of a TV Series by Manuel Alvarado and Edward Buscombe (BFI Publishing) appeared in March 1978.

Cast

The main and most frequent cast members were:
*Nicholas Ball as James 'Jim' Hazell
*Roddy McMillan as Detective Inspector 'Choc' Minty
*Desmond McNamara as Cousin Tel
*Peter Bourke as Graham Morris
*Barbara Young as Dot Wilmington (Series 1 only)
*Maggie Riley as Maureen (Series 1 only)

Episodes (by series) 

*Series 1
**1. "Hazell Plays Solomon" (16 January 1978)
**2. "Hazell Pays a Debt" (23 January 1978)
**3. "Hazell and the Walking Blur" (30 January 1978)
**4. "Hazell Settles the Accounts" (6 February 1978)
**5. "Hazell Meets the First Eleven" (13 February 1978)
**6. "Hazell and the Rubber-Heel Brigade" (20 February 1978)
**7. "Hazell Goes to the Dogs" (27 February 1978)
**8. "Hazell and the Weekend Man" (6 March 1978)
**9. "Hazell Works for Nothing" (13 March 1978)
**10. "Hazell and the Maltese Vulture" (20 March 1978)
*Series 2
**1. "Hazell and the Baker Street Sleuth" (19 April 1979)
**2. "Hazell and the Deptford Virgin" (26 April 1979)
**3. "Hazell Bangs the Drum" (3 May 1979)
**4. "Hazell Gets the Boot" (10 May 1979)
**5. "Hazell Gets the Bird" (17 May 1979)
**6. "Hazell and the Big Sleep" (24 May 1979)
**7.(*) "Hazell and the Suffolk Ghost" (31 May 1979)
**8. "Hazell and Hyde" (7 June 1979)
**9. "Hazell and the Happy Couple" (14 June 1979)
**10. "Hazell Gets the Part" (21 June 1979)
**11. "Hazell and the Greasy Gunners" (28 June 1979)
**12.(*) "Hazell and the Public Enemy" (5 July 1979)

(*) = Although broadcast as listed, continuity involving the destruction of Hazell's original Triumph Stag car and its replacement with a Jaguar Mark 2, indicates that episode 7 should have been twelfth, and episode 12 should have been ninth (after "Hazell and the Happy Couple", when the Stag is attacked by an angry client).
Question:
Which former footballer and manager co-wrote the UK television series ‘Hazell’?
Answer:
El Tel
Passage:
Lanix
Lanix is a Mexican multinational electronics company based in Hermosillo, Mexico. It is Mexico's largest domestically owned electronics company, and sells a wide array of both consumer and professional electronics. Lanix sells products under its own brand and is also an OEM/ODM, a company which designs and manufactures products on behalf of another company which then brands it under their name.  

History

Lanix was founded in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico in 1990, and released its first computer, the PC 286 the same year.
 Throughout the 1990s Lanix expanded into the development and production of more sophisticated electronics components such as optical drives, servers, memory drives and flash memory. In 2002 Lanix opened its first factory outside of Mexico in Santiago, Chile to cater to the Latin American market.

By 2006 Lanix had gained a market share of 5% of Mexico's electronics market and began diversifying its product line to include LCD televisions and monitors  and in 2007 began manufacturing mobile phones. Currently Lanix offers products in the consumer, professional and government markets throughout Latin America. 
 
In 2010 Lanix announced an ambitious plan to gain market share in the Latin American computer market and expanded operations to include every country in Latin America

Lanix has production facilities at its original headquarters in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico and international facilities in  Santiago, Chile and Bogota, Colombia.

At the 2009 Intel Solutions Summit hosted by Intel, Lanix won an award in the "mobile solution" category. 

In March 2011, Lanix began offering a system where buyers can custom build their own computer, choosing different types of chipsets, memory, and other components. 

Products

, Lanix manufactures desktops,  laptops,  tablets,   servers,  netbooks,  LCD and LED televisions, and monitors,  optical disc drives,  smartphones  flash memory and random-access memory. 

As of 2010, it made one of the most powerful production Windows desktops in the world, the Lanix Titan Magnum Extreme. 

Smartphones and tablet computers

In 2007, Lanix announced a mobile division specializing in developing smartphones and tablets. In 2010, it showed a smartphone named the Illium running the Android operating system.  Lanix smartphones are offered by Telcel, a subsidiary of América Móvil. 

In 2010, Lanix unveiled a tablet computer named the W10 running Windows 7.   An Android version will be available through Telcel. 

Mexican government contracts

Lanix has won several major contracts to provide electronics to government entities in Mexico which has been a key part of the company's success including  a contract from the Mexican secretary of education (Secretaría de Educación Pública) to supply 16,000 classrooms across Mexico with computers.
Question:
Lanix is the largest domestically owned manufacturer of consumer and professional electronics in which country?
Answer:
Mexican Republic
Passage:
The Small Faces - Lazy Sunday Lyrics | SongMeanings
The Small Faces - Lazy Sunday Lyrics | SongMeanings
The Small Faces
Lazy Sunday is found on the album Wham Bam .
Found on more albums:
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Castle]
25 Greatest Hits
The Best of Small Faces
The Definitive Anthology of the Small Faces
The Singles As & Bs
The Very Best of the Small Faces [Charly]
The Darlings of Wapping Wharf Launderette
The Singles Collection
There Are But Three Small Faces
There Are But Three Small Faces
All or Nothing [Bootleg]
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Bonus Tracks]
Ultimate Collection [Sanctuary]
Autumn Stone [Castle Bonus Tracks]
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Sunspot]
Autumn Stone [Sunspots 2003]
Best of Small Faces [Repertoire]
Here Come the Small Faces
Hits, Misses, Thrashers & Crashers
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Japan]
Greatest Hits [Charly]
The Best of the Small Faces [Charly]
Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake [Expanded]
The Best of British Rock
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Box Set]
Ogden's Nut Gone Flake [Box Set]
Pure Gold
A-wouldn't it be nice to get on with me neighbours?
But they make it very clear, yhey've got no room for ravers
They stop me from groovin', they bang on me wall
They doing me crust in, it's no good at all, ah
Lazy Sunday afternoon
I've got no mind to worry
I close my eyes and drift away-a
Here we all are sittin' in a rainbow
Gor blimey, hello Mrs. Jones, how's old Bert's lumbago? (he mustn't grumble)
(Tweedle-dee) I'll sing you a song with no words and no tune (twiddly-dee)
To sing in your party while you souse at the moon (oh yeah)
Lazy Sunday afternoon, I've got no mind to worry
Close my eyes and drift away-a
Root-de-doo-de-doo, a-root-de-doot-de-doy-di
There's no one to hear me, there's nothing to say
And no one can stop me from feeling this way, yeah
Lazy Sunday afternoon
I've got no mind to worry
Close my eyes and drift away
Lazy Sunday afternoon
I've got no mind to worry
Close my eyes and drift a-
Close my mind and drift away, close my eyes and drift away
Question:
From which song do these lyrics come. Hello Mrs Jones how's your Bert's lumbago, mustn't grumble
Answer:
Lazy Sunday (song)
Passage:
8 Out of 10 Cats
8 Out of 10 Cats is a British television comedy panel game produced by Zeppotron (a subsidiary of Endemol UK) for Channel 4. It was first broadcast on 3 June 2005. The show is hosted by Jimmy Carr and the current team captains are Sean Lock and Jon Richardson.

The show is based on statistics and opinion polls, and draws on polls produced by a variety of organisations and new polls commissioned for the programme, carried out by Harris Poll. The title is derived from a well-known advertising tagline for Whiskas cat food, which claimed that "8 out of 10 cats prefer Whiskas". 

Overview

The show is hosted by comedian Jimmy Carr and features two teams, consisting of a regular team captain and two celebrity guests each. Sean Lock has appeared as the first team captain since the show's inception; the opposing captain was originally Dave Spikey, who left after series 4 to pursue other projects and was replaced by Jason Manford.  Manford departed following series 10, and was replaced by Jon Richardson for series 11.[http://www.sroaudiences.com/shows.asp sro audiences]

Every week, the captains are joined by two celebrities from the likes of David Walliams and Alan Carr. Often, topical celebrities appear on the show, for example Ruth Badger following her appearance on The Apprentice.

The show is currently recorded at Pinewood Studios, previously at BBC Television Centre, typically the day before transmission. However, in the past few years, due to Jimmy Carr's stand-up schedule, certain episodes are pretaped and broadcast later as "special" episodes dealing with a particular subject.[http://www.sroaudiences.com/application.asp?show_id=407 sro audiences]

2015 was the only year since the show began in 2005 in which a full series was not broadcast. Two Christmas Specials however were filmed for airing on 24 and 30 December 2015. 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown however aired for a total of 24 episodes throughout 2015.

Current rounds

The current rounds featured on 8 Out of 10 Cats are: 
* "What Are You Talking About?" – The polling organisation asked the public what they were talking about during the week. The teams have to try to guess the top three.
* "Pick of the Polls" – The teams are given four pictures to pick from and are given a poll based on that picture.
* "Believe It or Not" – The teams are given a statistic and try to guess if it is true or false.
* "And the Winner Is..." – The teams are given a question from a poll and then they try to guess what came on top of that poll.
* "The Poll with a Hole" – each team is given a statistic but it is missing one piece of salient information. The teams have to guess what that piece of information is.

Until series 8 there were four rounds during the game, but it has since been reduced to three.
The points often do not add up correctly, as the show has to be edited to fit in its 26-minute slot.
From series 9 there is a longer version of the show called 8 Out of 10 Cats Uncut, broadcast a few days later.

Former rounds

These rounds only featured in series 1 and the Big Brother special shows:
* "Face Off" – The teams have to guess who from a list of famous people came top with respect to a particular topic.
* "Word Association" – The teams view a clip illustrating a word and have to guess the top three things people thought of when they heard that word.
* "What's the Poll?" – The teams are given five famous people, picture by picture, and they have to guess which poll they appeared on.

8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown

Between 2012 and 2016, several series of crossover episodes between 8 Out of 10 Cats and Countdown have aired. The show follows the format of Countdown, but is hosted by Jimmy Carr, with permanent contestants Sean Lock and Jon Richardson, as well as two other guest contestants.

Other specials

On 4 January 2013, a special episode of Deal or No Deal featuring Carr as host alongside Richardson and Lock aired during another Channel 4 "mash-up night", the story behind it being that Noel Edmonds had been driven to leave when Derren Brown was playing, and was getting all the boxes from lowest to highest. Noel ran away with the £250,000 box, saying that he "spent it all on his shirt". The backstage personnel then took out a hammer and smashed the 'break glass for Jimmy Carr' box, which produced a horn, which was used to call Carr to the set.

Joe Wilkinson guest starred as the Banker's assistant. Guests were Nicola Adams, Rob Beckett, Gemma Collins, Mia Cross, Corinne Davies, Susie Dent, Matt Forde, John Fothergill, Stephen Frost, Nick Helm, Elis James, Dave Johns, Tony Law, Alice Levine, Mark Olver, Rachel Riley, John Robins, Katherine Ryan, Nong Skett, Andy Smart and Holly Walsh.

Podcasts

A series of podcasts have also been released on iTunes, with material directly from the show for several episodes. Each podcast is typically the "What Are You Talking About" round from that episode.

Cast

Episodes

Original series

The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the series:

– Indicates Sean's team won.
– Indicates Dave's/Jason's/Jon's team won.
– Indicates the series ended in a draw.

Specials

DVD

8 Out of 10 Cats: Claws Out is a ninety-minute collection of highlights from the first few series which features deleted scenes considered too offensive to be aired. It was released on 20 November 2006.
Question:
Who has appeared as a team captain on 8 Out of 10 Cats since its inception in 2005?
Answer:
Shaun Lock
Passage:
Leaf Shape - Northwest Missouri State University
Leaf Shape
Leaf Shape
There are many different leaf shapes in nature.
What follows in this tutorial are the most common leaf shapes.
 
Ovate
An Ovate leaf is described as being broadest below the middle, and roughly 2x as long as it is wide.
 
A way to remember this leaf is that it is "egg-shaped.
  
Obovate
An Obovate leaf is described as being broadest above the middle, and roughly 2x as long as it is wide.
 
An Obovate leaf is the reverse of Ovate.
 
A Lanceolate leaf is at least 3x longer than wide, and broadest below middle.
 
Oblanceolate leaves are at least 3x longer than wide, but broadest above middle.
 
An Oblanceolate leaf is the reverse of a Lanceolate leaf.
 
 
Cordate
Leaves that are Cordate-shaped have leaves that are broad to the point and then turn upwards at the base, forming a notch.
 
 
Obcordate
Obcordate leaves are the reverse of Cordate leaves. They start at a point and then widen until they form a notch at the apex.
 
 
Elliptical
Elliptical leaves have the broadest width in the middle and then taper off at the ends.
 
Another way to remember this leaf shape is to think of it as "football-shaped."
 
Oblong leaves are 2-3x as long as wide and have parallel sides.
 
 
Cuneate
Cuneate leaves have a small width at base, but then a broad width near the top before the apex.
 
 
Linear
Linear leaves are narrow, are at least 4x longer than wide, and have the same width throughout.
 
Peltate leaves are rounded with the petiole attached underneath the base of the leaf.
 
Peltate leaves are shaped like little shields.
 
 
Spatulate
Spatulate leaves are narrow for almost the entire leaf, but then have an abrupt round structure at the apex.
 
Spatulate leaves have a similar shape to a spatula.
Reniform
Reniform leaves are broad and wider than they are high.
 
Peltate leaves are shaped like kidneys.
 
Hastate leaves are very recognizable. They are taper off at three apexes and are arrowhead-shaped.
 
Review
Before you take the quiz, you might want to review for it using the following activities.
In the Flash Card Activity, the leaf Shape will be hidden. See if you can name the Shape. Then click the lower lefthand box "term" to see the answer.
 
 
 
 In the Shape Comparison Activity select one leaf from the top and one from the bottom to compare the shapes of different leaves.
 
 
Leaf Shape Quiz
A quiz will load up below. If you find that you are not scoring very high, be sure to go back and review.
Question:
If an object's shape is described as reniform, what shape is it?
Answer:
Human kidney
Passage:
John Schnatter
John H. Schnatter (born November 23, 1961) is an American businessman and the founder, current CEO,[http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId325396&ticker
PZZA:US John Schnatter: Executive Profile & Biography – Businessweek] and spokesman for Papa John's International, Inc. He founded the company in October 1984. 

Early life and education

Schnatter was born in Jeffersonville, Indiana, on November 23, 1961, and graduated from Jeffersonville High School in 1980, then earned a business degree from Ball State University in 1983. 
In the 1980s, John Schnatter's father co-owned Mick's Lounge, a tavern in Jeffersonville.

Career

The Papa John's pizza business was founded in 1983 when "Papa" John Schnatter knocked out a broom closet in the back of his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Indiana.  He then sold his 1971 Z28 Camaro to purchase $1,600 worth of used pizza equipment and began selling pizzas to the tavern's customers out of the converted closet.    His pizzas proved so popular that one year later he was able to move into an adjoining space. In 2009, Schnatter got the Camaro back by contacting the family that he sold the car to in 1983. 

Today, the company is the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the world   with headquarters in Jeffersontown, Kentucky, near Louisville.   

The Camaro

In 1983, Schnatter sold his 1971 Chevrolet Camaro to help his father's struggling business. He used the leftover funds to start Papa John's. Decades later, he offered a reward of $250,000 for finding the car, and on August 26, 2009, Schnatter bought the Camaro back for $250,000.  In celebration, Papa John's offered a free pizza to anyone who owned a Camaro.  Schnatter's original Camaro has been on display in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky. The company owns several replicas that are used on tours and for public and TV appearances.  On August 15, 2015, Schnatter's original Camaro was stolen along with two other classic cars in Detroit, where they were set to appear in the city's annual Woodward Dream Cruise.  The Camaro was recovered two days later on the city's west side with minimal damage. 

Personal life

Schnatter has been married to his wife, Annette, since 1987. The couple has three children. The Schnatter family resides in Anchorage, Kentucky.  Schnatter identifies as an Evangelical Christian and is a member of the Southeast Christian Church. 

Schnatter made a million-dollar contribution to the Louisville Zoo's Glacier Run expansion.  His Calistoga Bakery sponsors a bike team and donated money to build bike trails.

Politics

In 2012, Papa John's and Schnatter received media attention after he made comments about the Affordable Care Act to a class on entrepreneurship. 

Schnatter had hosted a fundraiser at his home for Republican Party candidate Mitt Romney in May 2012. 

Awards and honors

* Inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2007.
* Named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Americans in 2000 by the National Jaycees Organization.
* Named 1998 National Ernst & Young Retail/Consumer Entrepreneur of The Year.
* On May 28, 2009 Schnatter was announced as Honorary Chair of the Ride to Conquer Cancer benefiting Louisville's Norton Cancer Institute. 
* Inducted into the Kentucky Entrepreneur Hall of Fame in 2010
* 2012 became an honorary initiate of Alpha Tau Omega
Question:
John Schnatter is the founder and chairman of what pizza chain, the 3rd largest takeout and delivery pizza chain in the United States?
Answer:
Papa John's International
Passage:
Heather McKay
Heather Pamela McKay (née Blundell) AM MBE (born 31 July 1941) is a retired Australian squash player, who is considered by many to be the greatest female player in the history of the game, and possibly also Australia's greatest-ever sportswoman. She dominated the women's squash game in the 1960s and 1970s, winning 16 consecutive British Open titles between and inclusive of the years 1962 and 1977, and capturing the inaugural women's World Open title in 1979, whilst remaining undefeated during that period. She was also a top-level player of other sports, including field hockey and racquetball.

Career

Heather Blundell was born in Queanbeyan, New South Wales. As Heather McKay, she completely dominated the sport of women's squash in the 1960s and '70s. She lost only two matches in her entire career (in 1960 and 1962), and was unbeaten in competitive squash matches from 1962 through to 1981, when she retired from active open squash.

McKay won her first British Open (considered to be the effective world championship of the sport at the time) in 1962. She then won it again every year for the next 15 consecutive years, losing only two games at the championship during that time. She usually won her finals matches comfortably. In the 1968 championship, she won the final against her compatriot Bev Johnson without dropping a point.

In 1976, an unofficial world championship known as the Women's World Squash Championship was held in Brisbane, which McKay won by defeating Marion Jackman in the final 9–2, 9–2, 9–0. The first official women's World Open was held in 1979 in England, and McKay captured the inaugural title with a 6–9, 9–3, 9–1, 9–4 win over Sue Cogswell in the final.

McKay also won the Australian Amateur Championships for 14 consecutive times from 1960 to 1973.

When she retired in 1981 at the age of 40, McKay had gone nearly 20 years undefeated (with the only two defeats to her name occurring at the beginning of her career). Since retiring from the top-level game, she has remained active in international Masters level events, and has won two over-45 world championship titles and two over-50 world championship titles.

Heather also proved to be a talent in other sports, including field hockey, where she was a member of the Australian Women's Hockey Team in 1967 and 1971. In racquetball, she won the American Amateur Racquetball Championship once (1979), the American Professional Racquetball Championship three times (1980–81 and 1984), and the Canadian Racquetball Championship five times (1980 and 1982–85).  She was inducted into the USA Racquetball Hall of Fame in 1997.  

She was a teaching professional at the Toronto Squash Club in the 80s.  She worked with up and comer David Wright in an intensive Junior Program.

World Open

Finals: 2 (2 titles, 0 runner-up)

British Open

Finals: 16 (16 titles, 0 runner-up)

Note: Competed as Heather Blundell from 1962 to 1965.

After retirement

McKay wrote a book, Heather McKay's Complete Book of Squash, which was released in 1979. Staying active in squash, she was named coach of the Australian Institute of Sport's Squash Division in 1985. In 1999 she was one of the founder members of the Women's International Squash Players Association Hall of Fame, of which she herself was one of the first to be inducted.

McKay was featured on the front cover of the 2006 Sensis White Pages for the Canberra, Queanbeyan and Yass regions. 

Recognition

* 1967 - ABC Sportsman of the Year
* 1969 - Order of the British Empire - Member (Civil) 
* 1979 -  Order of Australia - Member 
* 1985 - Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductee 
* 1997 - [http://www.teamusa.org/USA-Racquetball/Programs/Hall-of-Fame/Inductees/1997 USA Racquetball Hall of Fame]  
* 2000 - Australian Sports Medal 
* Squash Australia Hall of Fame
Question:
Australian Heather McKay was undefeated for a period of almost 20 years until her retirement in 1981, in which sport?
Answer:
Squash (disambiguation)
Passage:
Inspector Alan Banks
Detective Superintendent Alan Banks (b. 1951) is the fictional protagonist in a series of crime novels by Peter Robinson. Since 2010 several of the novels have been adapted for television under the series title DCI Banks with Stephen Tompkinson in the lead role.

Background

The first novel related to Banks was published in 1987, and carried the blurb: "After once living in London and working as part of the Metropolitan Police Unsolved Crime Squad, Detective Inspector Alan Banks now lives in the fictional English town of Eastvale which is located in Yorkshire north of Ripon near the A1.  He has two children, Tracy and Brian, and a doting wife, Sandra. Since moving to Eastvale, Banks now works as the DCI for Eastvale Police, with his own small office, containing a metal desk and two chairs, with the window looking out onto the town's busy Market Square. Coming from working-class stock, DCI Banks abhors anything to do with money and wealth, a driving force behind his decision to move from London to Eastvale. His big goal was to not get caught up in the materialism of the big city, and by moving away, has managed to raise a respected family in a bucolic setting. DCI Banks also has an unique but good taste in music, and often, his charming demeanor helps him to relate to his suspects, as well as victims of crime. He can come down hard, though, when he needs to get answers quickly. But his main strength - he uses creativity in his interrogations and investigations."

The majority of the first dozen novels published had a focus mostly on crimes investigated by Banks. In the 1999 novel, In A Dry Season, Banks and his wife, Sandra, are separated and eventually divorce.   The character of Detective Sergeant (subsequently Detective Inspector) Annie Cabbot makes her first appearance as a member of Banks' team.  Subsequent novels have a sub-plot about the on-off romance between Banks and Cabbot.

A colleague of Banks from his time in London, Detective Superintendent (later Chief Superintendent) Richard "Dirty Dick" Burgess, is another perennial character who appears in many of the novels. Initially hostile to Banks when they first met, they become good friends over time and have established a natural (if still slightly edgy) rapport by the early 21st century.

A detective inspector during his London period and a detective chief inspector in most of the books, Banks receives a promotion to detective superintendent at the time of "When the Music's Over." 

Awards

The series of novels have frequently been shortlisted for a number of awards, and have won a number of the most prestigious awards in crime fiction, including the Arthur Ellis Award, the Anthony Award, and the Edgar Award.

Adaptation

In July 2010, ITV commissioned a television adaptation of the novel Aftermath, with Stephen Tompkinson playing the role of Banks. The adaptation was broadcast as two one-hour episodes, airing on 27 September and 4 October 2010.  The viewing figures were successful enough for three more adaptations to be commissioned - the novels Playing With Fire, Friend Of The Devil and Cold Is The Grave - under a series title DCI Banks showing as six one-hour episodes, which started airing on September 16, 2011. 

Novels

* Gallows View (1987)
* A Dedicated Man (1988)
* A Necessary End (1989)
* The Hanging Valley (1989)
* Past Reason Hated (1991)
* Wednesday's Child (1992)
* Dry Bones That Dream (1994) [US title is Final Account]
* Innocent Graves (1996)
* Dead Right (1997) [US title is Blood at the Root]
* In A Dry Season (1999)
* Cold is the Grave (2000)
* Aftermath (2001)
* The Summer that Never Was (2003) [US title is Close to Home]
* Playing with Fire (2004)
* Strange Affair (2005)
* Piece of My Heart (2006)
* Friend of the Devil (2007)
* All The Colours Of Darkness (2008)
* Bad Boy (2010)
* Watching the Dark (2012)
* Children of the Revolution (2013)
* Abattoir Blues (2014) [US title is In the Dark Places]
* When the Music's Over (2016) 

Associated novels

* Caedmon's Song (1990)

Short story collections

* Not Safe After Dark (1998)
* The Price of Love (2009)
Question:
Which Yorkshire crime writer created the character Chief Inspector Banks?
Answer:
Peter Robinson (disambiguation)
Passage:
Nil satis nisi optimum
Nil satis nisi optimum is a Latin phrase that means "nothing but the best is good enough".

This phrase is the motto of
* John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics & Science, in Boston, Massachusetts
*Carlton le Willows Academy
*Proviso East High School in Maywood, Illinois [http://east.pths209.org/index3.asp].
*English football club Everton F.C. since 1878 . Evertonian internet users often use the abbreviation "nsno" to represent the full phrase. It is also the name of a popular Everton fans forum called [www.nsno.co.uk NSNO].
*Loughborough University, referring to its sporting and academic excellence. It is also the phrase used on the Royce Hall logo, one of the student accommodation halls on campus
*Rutlish High School (London, Merton) Combined Cadet Force C.C.F. also use this phrase; it is printed on their physical training kit.
*967 (BAE Warton) Squadron Air Training Corps
*[http://www.sts.ab.ca Strathcona Tweedsmuir Private School] in Calgary Alberta
*[http://www.goya-ms.com G.O.Y.A. MS Recreational Athletic League], located in Philadelphia, MS. Their founder, Greg Hanks, is an avid football fan and combined Everton Football Club's crest and motto with Aussie Rules' side, Collingwood FC, to make the crest of his league
*Westerford High School in Western Cape, South Africa
*BPI Consultants
* It is the motto of the Hilton Cadets Varsity Ice Hockey team in Hilton, New York
*Dime City Cycles
*the Football team of the Department of Internal Medicine, Hospital Universitario, UANL, en Monterrey, N.L.
*Wellington School Women's Lacrosse Team Upper Arlington, Ohio
*Rocky River Boys Varsity Hockey Team Rocky River, Ohio
*Clifton Hunter High School, Cayman Islands
*Southbank School, Caterham, Surrey.
*Escondido Charter High School's academic league
Question:
"""Nil Satis Nisi Optimum"" or ""Nothing but the Best* is the motto of which Premiership Football Club?"
Answer:
Everton
Passage:
(10)Reclining Figures / The Reclining Woman / Astrid ...
(10)Reclining Figures /  The Reclining Woman  /  Astrid Kruisselbrink - YouTube
(10)Reclining Figures /  The Reclining Woman  /  Astrid Kruisselbrink
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Published on Feb 18, 2015
Part of "The Reclining Woman" (2010), chamber opera. Mezzo soprano, 2 sopranos and ensemble.
This is the song "Reclining Figures" from the fourth part of the opera. For two sopranos, mezzo soprano and piano.
The opera is based on the theme of the reclining figure/woman as created by the English sculptor, Henry Moore.
Live performance by, Gerrie de Vries, Marijje van Stralen, Keren Motseri (2011) / Bauwien van der Meer (2012) and ensemble NAP.
The text in this song is a fragment from the radioplay "Under Milkwood" by Dylan Thomas where a lady is talking with her two late dead husbands in her sleep.
Commissioned by the Fonds Podiumkunsten.
Published by Donemus Publishing.
www.astridkruisselbrink.nl
Picture of drawings of "Reclining figures" by Henry Moore.
Anyone with objections to this video, please let me know. This recording was made by myself and is not professional. There might be some audience or recording machine noise audible.
Text:
It is time to inhale your balsam.
S1: (Mr Ogmore)
Soon it will be time to get up.
Tell me your tasks, in order.
S1:
I must put my pyjamas in the drawer marked pyjamas.
S2:
I must take my cold bath which is good for me.
S1:
I must wear my flannel band to ward off sciatica.
S2:
I must dress behind the curtain and put on my apron.
S1:
I must blow my nose.
MS:
In the garden if you please.
S1:
in a piece of tissue-paper which I afterwards burn.
S2:
I must take my salts which are nature's friend.
S1:
I must boil the drinking water because of germs.
S2:
I must make my herb tea which is free from tannin.
S1:
and have a charcoal biscuit which is good for me.
S2:
I may smoke one pipe of asthma mixture.
MS:
in the woodshed, if you please.
S2:
and dust the parlour and spray the canary.
S1:
I must put on my rubber gloves and search the peke for fleas.
S2:
I must dust the blinds and then I must raise them.
MS:
And before you let the sun in, mind it wipes its shoes.
(Dylan Thomas: fragment; Under Milk Wood)
Category
Question:
"""I will put my pyjamas in the drawer marked pyjamas, I will take my balsam which is good for me"", is a line from which play?"
Answer:
Llaregybb
Passage:
I Predict a Riot
"I Predict a Riot" is a song by Kaiser Chiefs, appearing on their debut album Employment. It was originally released as their second single on 1 November 2004, and was the band's first release on the B-Unique label. It entered at #22 on the UK Singles Chart, a move which started the band's rise to popularity. It was re-released on 22 August 2005 as a double A-side with a new song, "Sink That Ship". This time, it peaked at #9 in the chart.

Background 

Portraying a rowdy night out in their native Leeds with members from the former band Black Wire, "I Predict a Riot" is possibly the group's best-known song, as well as being their signature hit.  It is one of the three tracks the band played when they opened Live 8 in Philadelphia, alongside "Everyday I Love You Less and Less" and "Oh My God".

The song makes a reference to John Smeaton ("an old Leodiensian"), a Civil Engineer, born in Austhorpe, Leeds.  Singer Ricky Wilson's  house was named after him. The song thrives on its Yorkshire heritage with the use of pronouns such as "thee", a nod to the band's origins, for "thee" and "thou" survived in Yorkshire dialect, and are still used to an extent today . Both "I Predict a Riot" and "Sink that Ship" were featured on the soundtrack to the video game Gran Turismo 4. "I Predict a Riot" appeared in Guitar Hero 3: Legends of Rock as downloadable content alongside present from the start, "Ruby". It has also been confirmed for release for Rock Band. "Take My Temperature", a B-side on the initial release, is a live favourite, notably at earlier gigs. Also, the guitar riff after "who doesn't want to be out there" is overdubbed with Hammond organ, played by Peanut. In live performances, the song begins with a drum solo played by Nick and Ricky around the same kit.

It featured in a scene of Las Vegas second season, episode 16 titled "Can You See What I See?". The song and the band are also referenced in Plan B's 2012 song Ill Manors, specifically in the lyrics "London's burning, I predict a riot / Fall in, fall out who knows what it's all about / What did that chief say? / Something 'bout the kaisers"

Cover versions 

McFly and Bedouin Soundclash have also covered the song on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. More unusual cover versions have included a choral version from The Cheshire Chord all female choir and a salsa version (Predigo un alboroto) from The Swanvesta Social Club. The song was also covered by Girls Aloud on their 2006 Chemistry arena tour and on the soundtrack to St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold. They changed the lyric "borrow a pound for a condom" to "borrow a pound for the bus home", which the band appeared to take offence to.  The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band covered the song on their 2007 reunion album Pour l'Amour des Chiens. In 2006, New Zealand radio broadcaster "The Joint" mixed excerpts from financial analysts Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert's radio programs to produce a version of the song  reflecting the trillions of dollars of derivatives in the shadow banking system which they correctly predicted would cause a financial meltdown. In 2011, Irish pop group Westlife performed the song as part of their medley for their Gravity Tour.

Music video

There have been two videos produced for "I Predict a Riot". The first, made for the original release, was directed by Charlie Paul, and features the band performing in front of a crowded audience, who appear to start a "pillow fight".

Notably, the video contains Ricky Wilson wearing a Nevile house tie, from the Leeds Grammar School.

However, it was the second video, directed by Swedish collective StyleWar, that earned more attention. The main plotline for the sepia promo features the band wandering and performing in an Edwardian town, catching the attention of a mysterious freak show owner.  The climax of the features the band performing on the stage of a crowded replica of The Globe Theatre.

Track listing

Initial release

* "7 BUN088-7:
# "I Predict a Riot"
# "Take My Temperature"

* CD BUN088CD:
# "I Predict a Riot"
# "Take My Temperature"
# "Wrecking Ball"
# "I Predict a Riot" (Enhanced Video)

Re-issue

*7", CD:
# "I Predict a Riot"
# "Sink That Ship"
*Maxi CD:
# "I Predict a Riot"
# "Less Is More"
# "Everyday I Love You Less and Less (Boys Noize Remix)"
# "I Predict a Riot" (2005 Version, Enhanced Video)

Charts
Question:
‘I Predict a Riot’ (2004) and ‘Never Miss a Beat’ (2008) were Top 10 hits for whom?
Answer:
Kaiser Chiefs
Passage:
SVG Air
SVG Air is an airline based in Arnos Vale, E. T. Joshua Airport, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines that operates scheduled and charter flight services in the eastern Caribbean.  St. Vincent and the Grenadines Air, or SVG Air, is the national airline, along with Mustique Airways.

SVG Air's main base is in St. Vincent and it also has other bases in Barbados, Grenada, Carriacou, Antigua and Barbuda, Montserrat and the Grenadines - Bequia, Canouan and Union Island.   SVG Air has a maintenance hangar on the island of Bequia, which is just 9 miles off the mainland (St. Vincent). SVG Air operates both scheduled and charter flights to other Caribbean islands. Other services fly as far north as Jamaica and as far south as Guyana. SVG Air also flies to the other Grenadines Islands that have airports. St. Vincent and the Grenadines have two charter airlines that fly to Caribbean islands to pick up international travelers to SVG.

History

The airline was established in 1990 and started operations in September 1990. It began operations with a single leased Britten-Norman Islander. The company is largely owned (75%) by St Vincent Grenada Air and operated by the Gravel and Barnard families.

Incidents and accidents 

*19 November 2006 - SVG Air Aero Commander 500S, on a flight from Canouan to Saint Vincent, was over the western end of Bequia on its final approach to Saint Vincent when it vanished. There was no distress call. Wreckage was found in the sea. The pilot and single passenger are presumed dead. 
*5 August 2010 - SVG Aircraft on a flight from Saint Vincent to Canouan crashed off Canouan with only the pilot on board - not found. 

Fleet 

As of March 2007 the SVG Air fleet includes: 

*3 De Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter
*3 Britten-Norman BN2A Islander
*3 Aero Commander
*2 Cessna 402

They are looking into purchasing or leasing a Cessna Citation 550.
Question:
SVG Air is the national flag carrier airline of which country?
Answer:
St Vincent and Grenadines
Passage:
Robbie Coltrane
Robbie Coltrane,  (born Anthony Robert McMillan; 30 March 1950) is a Scottish actor, comedian and author. He is known for his roles as Rubeus Hagrid in the Harry Potter films, as Valentin Dmitrovich Zukovsky in the James Bond films GoldenEye and The World Is Not Enough, and as Dr. Eddie "Fitz" Fitzgerald in the British TV series Cracker during the 1990s.

Early life and education

Coltrane was born Anthony Robert McMillan in Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, the son of Jean Ross (née Howie), a teacher and pianist, and Ian Baxter McMillan, a general practitioner who also served as a forensic police surgeon.   He has an older sister, Annie, and a younger sister, Jane. Coltrane is the great-grandson of Scottish businessman Thomas W. Howie and the nephew of businessman Forbes Howie.

He was educated at Glenalmond College, an independent school in Perthshire, from which he was nearly expelled after hanging the prefects' gowns from the school clocktower. Though he later described his experiences there as deeply unhappy, he played for the rugby First XV, was head of the school's debating society and won prizes for his art.  From Glenalmond, Coltrane went on to Glasgow School of Art, where he was ridiculed for "having an accent like Prince Charles" (which he quickly disposed of, though not before gaining the nickname "Lord Fauntleroy"), and thereafter the Moray House College of Education (part of the University of Edinburgh) in Edinburgh, Scotland.

Coltrane later called for private schools to be banned and used to be known as "Red Robbie",  rebelling against his conservative upbringing through involvement with Amnesty International, Greenpeace, the Labour Party, and the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.

Career

Coltrane moved into acting in his early twenties, taking the stage name Coltrane (in tribute to jazz saxophonist John Coltrane)  and working in theatre and comedy. Appearing in the 1981 BBC television comedy series A Kick Up the Eighties, his comic skills also brought him roles in the The Comic Strip Presents (1982) series and the comedy sketch shows Alfresco (1983–1984) and Laugh??? I Nearly Paid My Licence Fee (1984).

Coltrane moved into roles in films such as Flash Gordon (1980), Death Watch (1980), Balham, Gateway to the South (1981),  Scrubbers (1983), Krull (1983), The Supergrass (1985), Defence of the Realm (1985), Absolute Beginners (1986), Mona Lisa (1986) and appeared as "Annabelle" in The Fruit Machine (1988). On television, he also appeared in The Young Ones, Tutti Frutti (1987), as Samuel Johnson in Blackadder (1987) (a role he later reprised in the more serious Boswell and Johnson's Tour of the Western Islands (1993)), and in a number of stand-up and sketch comedy shows. He played the part of Falstaff in Kenneth Branagh's Henry V (1989) He co-starred with Eric Idle in Nuns on the Run (1990), and played the Pope in The Pope Must Die (1991). He also played a would-be private detective obsessed with Humphrey Bogart in the TV play The Bogie Man.

His roles continued in the 1990s with the TV series Cracker (1993–1996, returning in 2006 for a one-off special), in which he starred as forensic psychologist Dr. Edward "Fitz" Fitzgerald.  The role won him three BAFTA awards.

Roles in bigger films followed; the James Bond films GoldenEye (1995) and The World Is Not Enough (1999), a supporting role in From Hell (2001), as well as half-giant Rubeus Hagrid in the Harry Potter films (2001–2011). J.K. Rowling, author of the Harry Potter series, had Coltrane at the top of her list to play Hagrid and, when asked whom she would like to see in the role, responded "Robbie Coltrane for Hagrid" in one quick breath.  

Coltrane has also presented a number of documentary programmes for the British ITV network based around his twin passions for travel and transportation. Coltrane in a Cadillac (1993) saw him cross North America from Los Angeles to
New York behind the wheel of a 1951 Cadillac Series 62 coupe convertible, a journey of 3765 mi which he completed in 32 days.

In 1997, Coltrane appeared in a series of six programmes under the title Coltrane's Planes and Automobiles, in which he extolled the virtues of the steam engine, the diesel engine, the supercharger, the V8 engine, the two-stroke engine, and the jet engine. In these programmes he dismantled and rebuilt several engines. He also single-handedly removed the engine from a Trabant car in 23 minutes.

In August 2007, Coltrane presented a series for ITV called B-Road Britain, in which he travelled from London to Glasgow, stopping in towns and villages along the way.

Coltrane was voted No. 11 in ITV's TV's 50 Greatest Stars and sixth in a poll of 2000 adults across the UK to find the 'most famous Scot', behind the Loch Ness Monster, Robert Burns, Sean Connery, Robert the Bruce and William Wallace.

Personal life

Coltrane married Rhona Gemmell on 11 December 1999. The couple have two children: son Spencer (b. 1992), and daughter Alice (b. 1998).

Filmography and awards

Film

Television

Other awards

*Won Evening Standard British Film Award – Peter Sellers Award for Comedy 1990.
*He was awarded the OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) in the 2006 New Year Honours for his services to drama.
* In 2011 was honoured for his "outstanding contribution" to film as the British Academy Scotland Awards ("BAFTA Scotland Awards").
Question:
"What role was played by Robbie Coltrane in the 2005 film ""Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire""?"
Answer:
Rubeus Hagrid
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
What organ is responsible for filtering toxins such as alcohol?
Answer:
Impressio duodenalis
Passage:
Capriccio Italien
The Capriccio Italien, Op. 45, is a fantasy for orchestra composed between January and May 1880 by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. A typical performance of the piece lasts about 15 minutes.

Background

The Capriccio was inspired by a trip Tchaikovsky took to Rome with his brother Modest as respite from the composer's disastrous marriage with Antonina Miliukova. It was in Rome, however, that the observant Tchaikovsky called Raphael a "Mozart of painting."

While in Rome, he wrote to his friend Nadezhda von Meck:
I have already completed the sketches for an Italian fantasia on folk tunes for which I believe a good fortune may be predicted.  It will be effective, thanks to the delightful tunes which I have succeeded in assembling partly from anthologies, partly from my own ears in the streets.
Conductor JoAnn Falletta says: 
We are hearing foreigners’ views of Italy. . . . [however,] Capriccio Italien has great power, even though it’s practically a pops piece, Tchaikovsky knows what the instruments can do in a virtuoso way. He brings them to their limit in the most thrilling fashion. He has a gift for mixing families of instruments just right – like cantabile strings along with mighty brass. I hear the  ballet element in everything Tchaikovsky writes, in his sense of rhythm. You can practically dance to both these scores!

The piece, initially called Italian Fantasia after Mikhail Glinka's Spanish pieces, was originally dedicated to the virtuosic cellist Karl Davydov and premiered in Moscow on 18 December 1880, with Nikolai Rubinstein conducting the Imperial Russian Musical Society. 

Structure

The Capriccio is scored for: 3 flutes (3rd doubling on piccolo), 2 oboes, English horn, 2 clarinets in A, 2 bassoons, 4 horns in F, 2 cornets in A, 2 trumpets in E, 3 trombones (2 tenor, 1 bass), tuba, 3 timpani, triangle, tambourine, cymbals, bass drum, glockenspiel, harp and strings.

After a brief bugle call, inspired by bugle call Tchaikovsky heard daily in his rooms at the Hotel Constanzi, next door to the barracks of the Royal Italian Cuirasseurs, a stoic, heroic, unsmiling melody is played by the strings. Eventually, this gives way to music sounding as if it could be played by an Italian street band, beginning in the winds and ending with the whole orchestra. Next, a lively march ensues, followed by a lively tarantella, a Cicuzza.

The brothers were there during Carnival, and, despite calling it "a folly," the composer was able to soak up Italian street music and folk songs which he then incorporated into his Capriccio.  This enables some "bright primary colors and uncomplicated tunefulness."
Question:
Who wrote 'Capriccio Italien' in 1880?
Answer:
Tsjajkovskij
Passage:
Red Alligator
Red Alligator bay gelding; 1959 - ; sire: Magic red, dam: Miss Alligator) was a champion Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Grand National in 1968. He also came third the previous year and was favorite in 1969 but fell at the 19th fence.  Red Alligator became the third horse in three years and the fifth since the end of the Second World War to win while carrying over 10 stone in weight and began at 100-7.

Grand National record

Red Alligator was a nine-year-old when he won in 1968 carrying more than 10 stone. Owned by Mr J Manners, he was trained by Denys Smith in County Durham and ridden by Brian Fletcher. His S/P for the race was 100/7. Jockey Fletcher was 19 at the time and went on  to ride Red Rum to his first two victories in the Grand National.

In the previous year's race, Fletcher had also ridden Red Alligator but had been one of the many whose chances were thwarted by the infamous “Foinavon pile up” at the 23rd fence. The jockey had remounted, but without a clear run up due to the melee took three attempts to clear the fence and  finished third to Foinavon. Red Alligator was then favorite in the 1969 race but fell at the 19th fence. He was rumoured to be drugged in the stables before the start as he did not run anywhere near to his full potential

Commemorations

Red Alligator’s Grand National win was commemorated by a local brewery who renamed a pub near Denys Smith’s farm outside Bishop Auckland in his honour. Smith was a regular in the popular pub/restaurant and told stories from his training days. The stables which housed Red Alligator were within a few hundred yards of the pub but have since been demolished. However, his photos  are still featured in the pub named after him.
Question:
Which jockey rode Red Alligator to victory in the 1968 Grand National?
Answer:
BRIAN FLETCHER
Passage:
Hansom cab
The hansom cab is a kind of horse-drawn carriage designed and patented in 1834 by Joseph Hansom, an architect from York. The vehicle was developed and tested by Hansom in Hinckley, Leicestershire, England. Originally called the Hansom safety cab, it was designed to combine speed with safety, with a low centre of gravity for safe cornering.  Hansom's original design was modified by John Chapman and several others to improve its practicability, but retained Hansom's name. 

Cab is a shortening of cabriolet, reflecting the design of the carriage.  It replaced the hackney carriage as a vehicle for hire; with the introduction of clockwork mechanical taximeters to measure fares, the name became taxicab.

Hansom cabs enjoyed immense popularity as they were fast, light enough to be pulled by a single horse (making the journey cheaper than travelling in a larger four-wheel coach) and were agile enough to steer around horse-drawn vehicles in the notorious traffic jams of nineteenth-century London. There were up to 7500 hansom cabs in use at the height of their popularity and they quickly spread to other cities (such as Dublin) in the United Kingdom, as well as continental European cities, particularly Paris, Berlin, and St Petersburg. The cab was introduced to other British Empire cities and to the United States during the late 19th century, being most commonly used in New York.

Design 

The cab, a type of fly, sat two passengers (three if squeezed in) and a driver who sat on a sprung seat behind the vehicle. The passengers were able to give their instructions to the driver through a trap door near the rear of the roof. They could also pay the driver through this hatch and he would then operate a lever to release the doors so they could alight. In some cabs, the driver could also operate a device that balanced the cab and reduced strain on the horse. The passengers were protected from the elements by the cab itself, as well as by folding wooden doors that enclosed their feet and legs, protecting their clothes from splashing mud. Later versions also had an up-and-over glass window above the doors to complete the enclosure of the passengers.  Additionally, a curved fender mounted forward of the doors protected passengers from the stones thrown up by the flying hooves of the horse.

Hansom Cab Company 

The Hansom Cab Company was set up to provide transportation in New York City and Brooklyn, New York, in May 1869. The business was located at 133 Water Street (Manhattan),  at the offices of Duncan, Sherman & Co., which served as bankers to the firm. The enterprise was organized by Ed W. Brandon who became its president. Two orders for a cargo of cabs were sent to carriage makers in New York City. A fare of thirty cents for a single person was designated for distances up to one mile, and forty cents for two people. A rate of seventy-five cents was determined for one or two persons for a length of time not exceeding one hour. 

The cabs were widely used in the United Kingdom until 1908 when Taximeter Cars (petrol cabs) started to be introduced and were rapidly accepted; by the early 1920s horse-drawn cabs had largely been superseded by motor vehicles. The last licence for a horse-drawn cab in London was relinquished in 1947. 

A restored hansom cab once owned by Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt is on display at the Remington Carriage Museum  in Cardston, Alberta, Canada. There is another surviving example, owned and operated by the Sherlock Holmes Museum in London; in common with other horse-drawn vehicles it is not permitted to enter any of the Royal Parks. 

In popular culture 

* Black Beauty by Anna Sewell - the central section has an evocative account of life as a Hansom cab driver in Victorian London, even though it is written from the point of view of the horse.
* Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes stories make frequent mention of hansom cabs. 
* "The Adventure of the Hansom Cab" is the third and final story in Robert Louis Stevenson's The Suicide Club cycle (1878). Retired British soldier Lieutenant Brackenbury Rich is beckoned into the back of an elegantly appointed hansom by a mysterious cabman who whisks him off to a party. Also, hansoms are often mentioned in his best horror work: "The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde".
* In 1886, Fergus Hume published his novel The Mystery of a Hansom Cab, set in post-Gold Rush era Melbourne, Australia. The story was filmed in Australia in 1911, under the same title.
* The 1889 film Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses, photographed by William Friese-Greene, shows Londoners walking along Apsley Gate, Hyde Park, with horse-drawn conveyances passing by. 
* In the 1956 movie Around the World in 80 Days, Phileas Fogg (David Niven) and Passepartout hired a Hanson cab to very fast reach Reform Club before the finishing deadline.
* The book Farewell Victoria (1933) by T. H. White has the protagonist ending his days as a hansom cab operator in its fading years, which is part of the sustained metaphor brought out in the title.
* In the comic series Scarlet Traces Britain has developed advanced mechanical hansoms based on reverse-engineered Martian technology.
* "New York and Turkey" is the second episode of the second season of Laff-A-Lympics, the eighteenth episode overall. The contestants have a Hansom cab race and a "crown the Statue of Liberty" contest in New York; then a unicycle race and a swimming relay race in Turkey. 
* In the book, The Picture of Dorian Gray, the main mode of transport for the characters is by the use of Hansom cabs.
* In the book, Tales of Three Hemispheres, by Lord Dunsany, first published in 1919, in the story "East and West", a hansom cab with a glass door is followed by three others, in North China.
Question:
How many wheels were there on each hansom cab, the horse-drawn taxis that used to operate in London in Victorian times?
Answer:
2
Passage:
The Cement Garden
The Cement Garden is a 1978 novel by Ian McEwan. It was adapted into a 1993 film of the same name by Andrew Birkin, starring Charlotte Gainsbourg and Andrew Robertson.

Plot summary 

In The Cement Garden, the father of four children dies. Soon after, the children's mother dies as well. In order to avoid being taken into foster care, the children hide their mother's death from the outside world by encasing her corpse in cement in the cellar. The children then attempt to live on their own.

The narrator is Jack (14 at the start of the book, becoming 15 later), and his siblings are Julie (17), Sue (13), and Tom (6). Jack describes how, when they were younger, he and Julie would play doctor with their younger sister, although he is aware that their version of the game occasionally broke boundaries. Jack then mentions how he longs to do the same to his older sister but it is not allowed. Sexual tension between Jack and Julie becomes increasingly obvious as they take over the roles of "mother" and "father" in the house, which is gradually deteriorating into squalor.

When Julie begins to date a young man called Derek, aged 23, and invites him to their house, Jack feels jealous and shows hostility towards him. Derek gets a hint that something is hidden in their cellar, and becomes more and more interested while the children attempt to hide it from him. When a smell begins to emanate from the cellar, the children tell him their dead dog, Cosmo, is encased in the cement. Derek then helps to re-seal the cement casing their mother is hidden in. Eventually, Tom tells Jack that Derek has told him he believes their mother is in the cellar.

The story comes to a climax when Jack enters, apparently absent-mindedly, naked into Julie's bedroom. Julie is not there; only Tom is present. Jack climbs into Tom's crib and begins to talk to him about their parents. Julie enters and, seemingly unsurprised by Jack's nakedness, jokes that 'it is big'. Jack and Julie sit on the bed while Tom sleeps, and Julie takes off her clothes. While talking, Jack and Julie become more and more intimate with each other. Right at this point, Derek enters. He remarks that he has seen it all and calls them "sick". When he leaves, Jack and Julie begin to have sex. A thudding noise can be heard below, and their sister Sue comes and informs them that Derek is smashing up the concrete coffin. The three begin to talk, remembering their mother. After a while, police lights illuminate the room through the bedroom window.

In popular culture 

A quote from the book can be heard in the opening of Madonna's song "What It Feels Like for a Girl".

The Cement Garden was adapted into a film of the same name by Andrew Birkin in 1993, starring Charlotte Gainsbourg and Andrew Robertson. In March 2008, it was adapted for the first time for the stage by FallOut Theatre in Cambridge. A developed version of this adaption opened in London at The Vaults, Waterloo, starring George MacKay and Ruby Bentall in January 2014.

Anthology 

The Cement Garden was included in the book Horror: Another 100 Best Books (2005) by Stephen Jones.
Question:
Who wrote the novel 'The Cement Garden'?
Answer:
Ian Russell McEwan
