Passage:
Group Names for Birds: A Partial List - Baltimore Bird Club
Group Names for Birds
Group Names for Birds: A Partial List
By Terry Ross
A bevy of quail A bouquet of pheasants [when flushed] A brood of hens A building of rooks A cast of hawks [or falcons] A charm of finches A colony of penguins A company of parrots A congregation of plovers A cover of coots A covey of partridges [or grouse or ptarmigans] A deceit of lapwings A descent of woodpeckers A dissimulation of birds A dole of doves An exaltation of larks A fall of woodcocks A flight of swallows [or doves, goshawks, or cormorants] A gaggle of geese [wild or domesticated] A host of sparrows A kettle of hawks [riding a thermal] A murmuration of starlings A murder of crows A muster of storks A nye of pheasants [on the ground] An ostentation of peacocks A paddling of ducks [on the water] A parliament of owls A party of jays A peep of chickens A pitying of turtledoves A raft of ducks A rafter of turkeys A siege of herons A skein of geese [in flight] A sord of mallards A spring of teal A tidings of magpies A trip of dotterel An unkindness of ravens A watch of nightingales A wedge of swans [or geese, flying in a "V"] A wisp of snipe
Any of these group names may properly be used by birders who wish to display their erudition, although it is probably linguistically inaccurate (and it certainly is bad manners) to upbraid someone who refers to "a bunch of ravens" by saying, "Surely you mean `an unkindness of ravens,' my good fellow."  Most of these terms date back at least 500 years.  Some of them have been in continuous use since then; others have gone out of fashion and been resurrected in the last century or two; still others only exist on lists.
Most of these terms are listed in James Lipton's An Exaltation of Larks. Lipton's list is substantially based on very old sources.  There were manuscript lists of group names in the 15th century, and these lists appeared in some of the first books printed in England.  Many of them make their first appearance in John Lydgate's Debate between the Horse, Goose, and Sheep (1440); and Lydgate's terms along with others appear in The Book of Hawking and Hunting (also known as The Book of St.  Albans)  by Dame Juliana Barnes (1486).  Whether Lydgate and Barnes coined any of these terms, or whether they were setting down the terms that were considered proper in their day is not known.  Many of the terms did catch on, and the lists they appeared on were frequently reprinted.
The best source I know for investigating the histories of English words is  the Oxford English Dictionary.  Unfortunately, on the question whether  these terms ever were or still are appropriate, the OED is not entirely  helpful.  To make sense of the matter, I have placed the group names into  groups--
GROUP A--The following group names are standard:  A bevy of quail  A bouquet of pheasants   A brood of hens  A cast of hawks  A charm of finches  A covey of partridges  A flight of swallows  A gaggle of geese  A nye of pheasants  A siege of herons  A skein of geese  A trip of dotterel  A wisp of snipe  GROUP B--These terms are not group names for a particular type of bird, but have been commonly used for many different types:   Colony  Company  Flock  Parliament  Party  GROUP C--These terms are archaic; they were once obsolete, but they have  been revived somewhat in the 19th or 20th centuries:  A building of rooks  A murmuration of starlings  A muster of peacocks  A peep of chickens  A sord of mallards  A spring of teal  A watch of nightingales  GROUP D--These terms are obsolete; they appeared on the old lists, but almost nobody has used them in centuries:   A congregation of plovers  A dissimulation of birds  A dole of doves  A fall of woodcock  A host of sparrows  A paddling of ducks  An unkindness of ravens  GROUP E--These terms are not in the OED at all as group names for birds:  A cover of coots  A kettle of hawks  A murder of crows  An ostentation of peacocks  A pitying of turtledoves  A rafter of turkeys  A tidings of magpies
My categories are imprecise, but they provide some guidance about usage.  Have no qualms about using any of the terms in group A; use the terms in group B for any group of birds that seems apt; use the terms in groups C and D only if you don't mind being thought pedantic or literary; avoid the terms in group E unless you know something the OED doesn't.
Alas, the OED itself is not totally reliable: the word "kettle" (as both a noun and a verb) has been used by hawk watchers for many years, and it has often appeared in print; the OED editors obviously are not birders.  It may well be that the other terms in group E appear on the 15th-century lists and were simply missed.
Thanks to the following for their suggestions and contributions: Bruce Helmboldt, Stephan L. Moss, Pete Janzen, Macklin Smith, Billie Jo Johnstone, Richard Danca, Gail Mackiernan, Alice Rasa.
Review the correspondence on this matter from  BirdChat.
View a list of whimsical group names submitted by chatters.
Question:
A group of which birds is known as an Unkindness?
Answer:
Ravens (disambiguation)
Passage:
Period of time - definition of period of time by The Free ...
Period of time - definition of period of time by The Free Dictionary
Period of time - definition of period of time by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/period+of+time
Noun
1.
period of time - an amount of time; "a time period of 30 years"; "hastened the period of time of his recovery"; "Picasso's blue period"
fundamental measure , fundamental quantity - one of the four quantities that are the basis of systems of measurement
test period , trial period - a period of time during which someone or something is tested
time frame - a time period during which something occurs or is expected to occur; "an agreement can be reached in a reasonably short time frame"
hours - an indefinite period of time; "they talked for hours"
downtime - a period of time when something (as a machine or factory) is not operating (especially as a result of malfunctions)
uptime - a period of time when something (as a machine or factory) is functioning and available for use
work time - a time period when you are required to work
time off - a time period when you are not required to work; "he requested time off to attend his grandmother's funeral"
bout - a period of illness; "a bout of fever"; "a bout of depression"
hospitalization - a period of time when you are confined to a hospital; "now they try to shorten the patient's hospitalization"
travel time - a period of time spent traveling; "workers were not paid for their travel time between home and factory"
times - a more or less definite period of time now or previously present; "it was a sign of the times"
time - an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities); "he waited a long time"; "the time of year for planting"; "he was a great actor in his time"
elapsed time - the time that elapses while some event is occurring
duration , continuance - the period of time during which something continues
calendar week , week - a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
midweek - the middle of a week
field day - a time of unusual pleasure and success
lifespan , lifetime , life-time , life - the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death); "the battery had a short life"; "he lived a long and happy life"
life - the period between birth and the present time; "I have known him all his life"
life - the period from the present until death; "he appointed himself emperor for life"
millennium , millenary - a span of 1000 years
bimillenary , bimillennium - a span of 2000 years
occupation - the period of time during which a place or position or nation is occupied; "during the German occupation of Paris"
past - a earlier period in someone's life (especially one that they have reason to keep secret); "reporters dug into the candidate's past"
shelf life - the length of time a packaged food or drug will last without deteriorating
puerperium - time period following childbirth when the mother's uterus shrinks and the other functional and anatomic changes of pregnancy are resolved; "a perinatologist cared for her during the puerperium"
lactation - the period following birth during which milk is secreted; "lactation normally continues until weaning"
time of life - a period of time during which a person is normally in a particular life state
calendar day , civil day - a day reckoned from midnight to midnight
festival - a day or period of time set aside for feasting and celebration
daylight , daytime , day - the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside; "the dawn turned night into day"; "it is easier to make the repairs in the daytime"
forenoon , morn , morning , morning time - the time period between dawn and noon; "I spent the morning running errands"
night , nighttime , dark - the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside
night - the time between sunset and midnight; "he watched television every night"
night - the period spent sleeping; "I had a restless night"
night - a period of ignorance or backwardness or gloom
eve - the period immediately before something; "on the eve of the French Revolution"
evening - the early part of night (from dinner until bedtime) spent in a special way; "an evening at the opera"
hebdomad , week - any period of seven consecutive days; "it rained for a week"
fortnight , two weeks - a period of fourteen consecutive days; "most major tennis tournaments last a fortnight"
weekend - a time period usually extending from Friday night through Sunday; more loosely defined as any period of successive days including one and only one Sunday
Indian summer , Saint Martin's summer - a period of unusually warm weather in the autumn
year - the period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun; "a Martian year takes 687 of our days"
schooltime , school day , school - the period of instruction in a school; the time period when school is in session; "stay after school"; "he didn't miss a single day of school"; "when the school day was done we would walk home together"
Question:
What single word refers to a period of time lasting 14 days?
Answer:
Lunar fortnight
Passage:
Tinsel | Define Tinsel at Dictionary.com
Tinsel | Define Tinsel at Dictionary.com
tinsel
noun
1.
a glittering metallic substance, as copper or brass, in thin sheets, used in pieces, strips, threads, etc., to produce a sparkling effect cheaply.
2.
a metallic yarn, usually wrapped around a core yarn of silk, rayon, or cotton, for weaving brocade or lamé.
3.
anything showy or attractive with little or no real worth; showy pretense:
The actress was tired of the fantasy and tinsel of her life.
4.
Obsolete. a fabric, formerly in use, of silk or wool interwoven with threads of gold, silver, or, later, copper.
adjective
consisting of or containing tinsel.
6.
verb (used with object), tinseled, tinseling or (especially British) tinselled, tinselling.
7.
to adorn with anything glittering.
9.
to make showy or gaudy.
Origin of tinsel
Middle French
1495-1505
1495-1505; by aphesis < Middle French estincelle (Old French estincele) a spark, flash < Vulgar Latin *stincilla, metathetic variant of Latin scintilla scintilla ; first used attributively in phrases tinsel satin, tinsel cloth
Related forms
overtinsel, verb (used with object), overtinseled, overtinseling or (especially British) overtinselled, overtinselling.
untinseled, adjective
Examples from the Web for tinsel
Expand
Contemporary Examples
Hollywood sure hopes so, because the idea that disgruntled insiders could do this is terrifying to tinsel Town.
Historical Examples
His exuberant style is Venetian; it is velvet and brocade, which he bestrews with tinsel and spangles.
In Convent Walls Emily Sarah Holt
Stripped of its parade and tinsel, however, this theory is nothing but the old pantheism revived.
Gospel Philosophy J. H. Ward
The pageants of Alexander, Csar, and Wellington were tinsel to this.
British Dictionary definitions for tinsel
Expand
noun
1.
a decoration consisting of a piece of string with thin strips of metal foil attached along its length
2.
a yarn or fabric interwoven with strands of glittering thread
3.
anything cheap, showy, and gaudy
verb (transitive) -sels, -selling, -selled (US) -sels, -seling, -seled
4.
to decorate with or as if with tinsel: snow tinsels the trees
5.
to give a gaudy appearance to
adjective
made of or decorated with tinsel
7.
showily but cheaply attractive; gaudy
Derived Forms
C16: from Old French estincele a spark, from Latin scintilla; compare stencil
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for tinsel
Expand
n.
mid-15c., "a kind of cloth made with interwoven gold or silver thread," from Middle French estincelle "spark, spangle" (see stencil ). Meaning "very thin sheets or strips of shiny metal" is recorded from 1590s. Figurative sense of "anything showy with little real worth" is from 1650s, suggested from at least 1590s. First recorded use of Tinseltown for "Hollywood" is from 1972.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
From Latin, 'a spark', showy?
Answer:
Tinsil
Passage:
National Association of Colliery Overmen, Deputies and Shotfirers
The National Association of Colliery Overmen, Deputies and Shotfirers (NACODS) represents colliery deputies and under-officials in the coal industry. NACODS was established as a national organisation in 1910. Prior to that date, the union existed as a federation of autonomous areas which were collectively known as the General Federation of Firemen's, Examiners' and Deputies Association of Great Britain. The present title of NACODS was adopted in 1947 when the coal industry was nationalised.
The union currently has 402 members (down from 16,000 in 1984) and is based in Barnsley, South Yorkshire. Its General Secretary is Ian Parker.  It is affiliated to the Trades Union Congress (TUC) and the General Federation of Trade Unions (GFTU).

Strikes

NACODS was much less willing to take industrial action than the NUM, which sometimes led to tension amongst workers in the mines.  Militants in the NUM nicknamed NACODS the "National Association of Can-carriers, Obedient Dopes and Suckers".  There were some confrontations during the 1972 strike, but nothing compared to what came in the 1984-85 strike.  

In April 1984, a small majority of NACODS voted to strike in support of the NUM, but this fell short of the two-thirds majority that their constitution required for a national strike.  The National Coal Board had decided in the 1972 strike that a NACODS member was entitled to stay off work without any loss of pay if he faced violence or aggressive intimidation from NUM pickets.  When the number of NUM strikebreakers increased in August, Merrick Spanton, the NCB personnel director, stated that he expected NACODS members to cross the picket lines to supervise their work.  As this would have meant crossing aggressive (and sometimes violent) lines, it brought another ballot for a national strike from NACODS.  For the first time in their history, NACODS voted to strike in September 1984 by a vote of 81%.   However, a deal negotiated by North Yorkshire NCB Director Michael Eaton persuaded NACODS to call off the strike action in return to changes to the review procedures for threatened collieries.   Ian MacGregor later admitted that if NACODS had gone ahead with a strike, a compromise would probably have been forced on the Coal Board. Files later made public showed that the Government had an informant inside the TUC, passing information about negotiations. 

General Secretaries

1910: Edward Williams
1914: William Frowen
1939: W. T. Miller
1940s: Bartholomew Walsh
1960: Joseph Crawford
1973: Arthur E. Simpson
1980s: Peter McNestry
1990s: Blethyn Hancock
2003: Ian Parker
2015: Rowland Soar
Question:
Workers in which industry belong to NACODS?
Answer:
Colorado's at-large congressional district
Passage:
WHKMLA : History of Lombardo-Venetia, 1815-1860
WHKMLA :  History of Lombardo-Venetia, 1815-1860
Kingdom of Italy
Lombardo-Venetia 1797-1815
The Vienna Congress (1814-1815) created the Kingdom of Lombardo-Venetia, consisting of the pre-revolutionary Duchies of Milan and Mantua and the Terra Ferma with the city of Venice herself. Lombardo-Venetia was united with the Empire of Austria in Dynastic Union. Milan and Venice became capitals. Austria was the dominant military power on the Italian peninsula, Milan the base of military operations such as the Expedition against Sicily in 1820, the Intervention in Savoy-Piemont in 1821, the Occupation of Bologna 1832-1839.
The Austrian hold of Lombardo-Venetia was the major obstacle to the realization of the dream of Italian Unification propagated in the Risorgimento . In 1848, the Austrian monarchy was temporarily paralized, and her control over Milan and Lombardo-Venetia questioned; in 1849, Austria not only restored her control over Lombardo-Venetia, but also restored the pope to the Papal State , as well various expelled dynasts to their thrones. Yet the liberal constitution of Savoy-Piemont-Sardinia remained in force, and Savoy-Piemont-Sardinia, in  alliance with France, in the War of Italian Unification 1859, defeated Austria, which ceded Lombardy, but not Venetia, to France, which in return for Savoy and Nice, ceded Milan to Piemont-Sardinia.
In contrast to the traditional kingdoms the Austrian Emperor ruled, the newly created Kingdom of Lombardo-Venetia had no  previous constitution to be respected (the one of the Kingdom of Italy disregarded), no representative body to be consulted (three estates), and the Austrians failed to establish a Lombardo-Venetian diet. Absolutism was resurrected.
Austrian rule brought political stability and peace; the Horses of San Marco were restored to Venice. Within a few years, the Austrian administration reduced taxes, was more humane in the procedure of drafting soldiers (in comparison to the Nepoleonic administration), reduced the budget deficit, increased spending on public projects such as road construction, the hospitals, schools etc. Austrian Law, book censorship and a secret police were introduced, Freemasonry banned, the Carbonari persecuted. However, Italian  patriotism and liberalism was not suppressed; Milan became the center of the activities of Giuseppe Mazzini's Giovine Italia (Young Italy).  Attempts of the Austrian administration to create a nobility and bureaucracy loyal to the dynasty failed to win the loyalty of the population.
In 1817, Lombardo-Venetia had a population of c. 4 million; by 1847 it had risen to 5 million. Milan was the second largest city of the Austrian dominions. The Kingdom had two universities, Padova and Pavia. Lombardo-Venetia had a separate currency, 100 centesimi = 20 scudi = 1 Lira, in coins (banknotes were very unpopular, as Austria had undergone state bankrupcy in 1811 and the banknotes lacked backing). Investments were made to increase the size of the network of northern Italy's navigable rivers; attempts were made to introduce steam shipping. Railway construction began in 1840. However, the Austrian administration rejected the concept of connecting Milan by rail with (Piemontese) Genova; political reservations prevailed over economic arguments. In 1830 all of Venice was declared a free port. The industries of Lombardo-Venetia, most notably textile, metal and leather industries, in Venice shipbuilding, flourished, promoted by the administration. In 1817 the import of machinery, of steam ships and of fuel for steam engines  was freed of import tariffs (Italy has hardly any coal deposits). A machinery industry emerged in the country; demands for a change in the curriculum of secondary schools, increasing hours in instruction in the natural sciences and technology at the expense of classic languages remained unanswered. Private schools were to educate a much needed skilled workforce. Despite press censorship, over half of the books published in Italy in 1835 were published in Lombardy-Venetia; Milan was a cultural center with an impact far beyond Lombardy-Venetia.
In 1838, Emperor Ferdinand I. of Austria (since 1835) was crowned in Milan.
In 1848, revolutions took place in most cities of northern Italy, Germany and Austria. Austrian General Radetzky maontained in control over Lombardo-Venetia, despite revolution in Milan and war declared on Austria by Savoy-Piemont-Sardinia. In 1849 the war was decided in favour of Austria.
Another decade of neoabsolutist Austrian administration followed. After 1848, drastic measures were undertaken against Italian patriots. A number of supporters of Giuseppe Mazzini were executed. An insurrection Mazzini had planned in Milan for 1853 failed. Austrian rule over Milan was terminated  in the war of 1859.
EXTERNAL
Question:
From 1797 to 1805 and from 1814 to 1866, the city of Venice was part of what country?
Answer:
The Republic of Austria
Passage:
Belted Galloway
The Belted Galloway is a heritage beef breed of cattle originating from Galloway in the west side of southern Scotland, adapted to living on the poor upland pastures and windswept moorlands of the region. The exact origin of the breed is unclear although it is often surmised that the white belt that distinguishes these cattle from the native black Galloway cattle may be as a result of cross breeding with Dutch Lakenvelder belted cattle. It is the belt that gives them their name.

Belted Galloways are primarily raised for their quality marbled beef, although they are sometimes milked and purchased to adorn pastures due to their striking appearance.

The black and red coat colours are caused by the same alleles of the MC1R gene, ED for black and e/e for red, as in most other breeds of cattle.

Breed history

The origin of the white belt is unknown, but generally presumed to come from cross breeding with Lakenvelder ("Dutch Belted") cattle.  A Polled Herd Book was started in 1852 which registered both Aberdeen-Angus and Galloways. Galloway breeders acquired their own herd book in 1878. The DunDun is a light brown colour caused by the Dun gene and Belted Galloway Association was formed in Scotland in 1921, and in 1951 the name of the organisation was changed to the Belted Galloway Society and dun cattle were no longer registered. It also keeps and records pedigrees for Belted Galloways and oversees the registration of White and Red Galloways.  

Currently in the UK there is a thriving breeding programme overseen and guided by the Belted Galloway Cattle Society. Belted Galloways were first imported to the United States by a Mrs. McLean of East Kortright, New York. The formerly known American Belted Galloway Breeders Society was formed in the United States on 1 July 1951 by Harry A. Prock of Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, Gordon Green of Quebec, Canada and Charles C. Wells of East Lansing, Michigan.  It is now known as The US Belted Galloway Society Inc. 

Population

Belted Galloways, also informally known as Belties, are currently listed with the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy as a "recovering" breed,  which means there are more than 2,500 annual registrations in the United States and a global population of exceeding than 10,000. However, this status still means that they were once on the watch list.  In 2007 they were formally removed from the UK Rare Breeds Survival Trust's watch list, having recovered sufficiently from the devastation of the foot and mouth crisis of the early 2000s, to have reached in excess of 1500 registered breeding females.  18,390 cattle were registered in the US in 2015. 

Characteristics

Galloway cattle are naturally polled. The most visible characteristics of the Belted Galloway are its long hair coat and the broad white belt that completely encircles the body. Its coarse outer coat helps shed the rain, and its soft undercoat provides insulation and waterproofing, enabling the breed to spend winter outside.  Black Belteds are most prominent, but Dun and Red Belteds are also recognised by breed societies, the latter being comparatively rare and sought after. A female Belted Galloway cannot be registered in the Herd Book if it has white above the dewclaw other than the belt, but can be registered in the Appendix. A bull can only be registered in the Herd book if it has no other white than the belt. 

The dun colour is caused by a mutation in the PMEL gene, the same mutation that causes dun and silver dun in Highland cattle. 

Bulls weigh from 1,700 pounds (770 kg) to 2,300 pounds (850 kg) with the usual being around 1,800 pounds (820 kg). Cows weigh from 1,000 pounds (450 kg) to 1,500 pounds (675 kg) with the usual being around 1,250 pounds (565 kg). Calves generally weigh around 70 pounds.  Belted Galloways are generally of a quiet temperament, but still maintain a maternal instinct and will protect a calf against perceived threats. 

They are well-suited for rough grazing land and will utilise coarse grasses other breeds would shun. They are able to maintain good condition on less than ideal pasture, and produce a high quality beef product on grass alone.
Notes
Question:
What is a belted Galloway?
Answer:
Cattle breed
