Passage:
The Phoenix Mythical Bird - InfoJug.com
The Phoenix Mythical Bird
Home Cultures and Society Legends & Folklore
The Phoenix Mythical Bird
The Phoenix lives a long life, and then is consumed by flames, only to immediately rise again from the ashes. This mythical bird is surrounded by folklore and legend. Read on to know about this legendary fictitious bird.
By Mansi Chitranshi | Saturday, February 14, 2009
Phoenix - To Burn Itself and Rise Again From Its Ashes
The phoenix bird is a symbol of immortality, rebirth and afterlife. In earliest Greek and Egyptian mythology, it is linked with the sun god. As per the Greeks, Phoenix resides in Arabia, close to a cold well. Each sunrise at dawn, the sun god would stop his chariot to listen to the bird sing a melodious song while it bathed in the well.
Only one phoenix exists at a time. When the bird felt its death was near, every 500 to 1,461 years, it would build a nest of aromatic wood and set it on fire. The bird then was consumed by the flames.
Legend
The phoenix, germinating in the legends of ancient Egypt, has become a common emblem of reincarnation and the most legendary of all magnificent birds. Covered with red and gold feathers, it carries the color of the rising sun; it had a harmonious voice that became despondent with impending bereavement. Other mortals were then so surmounted by its beauty and melancholy that they themselves fell dead.
The prodigy surrounding the Phoenix bird has myriad variants, with some of the most primitive accounts dating back to 8 centuries before the Christ was born. It is said that if the Phoenix is wounded, it can cure itself and enjoy a long life span.
When the Phoenix gets close to the termination of its life, it's believed to build itself a nest of fragrant spices such as cinnamon and myrrh. It then sets the nest and itself on fire and is burned to ashes. Soon after, the Phoenix rises again and starts its life anew. In some customs, the new Phoenix collects the ashes of the old and takes them to Heliopolis to present them to the Sun God.
Portrayal - What a Phoenix Looks Like
Phoenix, as described by appearance, has the dimension of an eagle, with gold plumage around the neck, an amethyst body, and a sapphire tail. The throat has a crown, and the head has a clump of feathers.
Traits - Some Attributes
The main characteristic of the phoenix is that it is reborn through fire: when it gets aged it will make a nest and put it on fire. The phoenix will envelop in the flames, but will take another life out of the ashes.  There can be only one Phoenix at a time; its life extends for many years (accounts vary from 500, 540, 1000 or 1460 years.) No one has ever seen this bird devour.  This myth was very widespread among the Egyptians, the Greek, oriental cultures, and during ancient period.
The Phoenix Re-emerges
Phoenix, as they believe, is the only bird competent of restoring and reproducing its own life form. Contrasting to other birds, the Phoenix does not nourish on seeds, but on the gum of frankincense (a pungent resin) and the juices of amomum (an herb of the ginger family)
Phoenix represents
Phoenix is said to represent the sun, which dies ach night and take a new birth every morning. Some traditional writers also relate it with "existing in heaven", enjoying everlasting adolescence. Amid Christians, it signifies reincarnation.
Also Referred to As
Also called Feng-Huang- (Chinese adaptation) in this translation, the bird is sent to the world to execute astonishing tasks and to assist the development of mankind. It emerges in diverse phases of the earth's evolution, and then proceeds to heaven.
Question:
What mythical bird rises from its own ashes?
Answer:
Phœnix
Passage:
Connective tissue
Connective tissue (CT) is one of the four types of biological tissue that support, connect, or separate different types of tissues and organs in the body. It develops from the mesoderm. The other three types are epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue. Connective tissue is found in between other tissues everywhere in the body, including the nervous system. In the central nervous system, the three outer membranes (the meninges) that envelop the brain and  spinal cord are composed of connective tissue.

All connective tissue apart from blood and lymph consists of three main components: fibers (elastic and collagenous fibers),  ground substance and cells. (Not all authorities include blood  or lymph as connective tissue.) Blood and lymph lack the fiber component. All are immersed in the body water.

The cells of connective tissue include fibroblasts, adipocytes, macrophages, mast cells and leucocytes.

Structure

Connective tissue can be broadly subdivided into connective tissue proper, and special connective tissue.  Connective tissue proper consists of loose connective tissue and dense connective tissue (which is further subdivided into dense regular and dense irregular connective tissues.)  Special connective tissue consists of reticular connective tissue, adipose tissue, cartilage, bone, and blood.  Other kinds of connective tissues include fibrous, elastic, and lymphoid connective tissues.  New vascularised connective tissue that forms in the process of wound healing is termed granulation tissue. 
Fibroblasts are the cells responsible for the production of some CT.

Type I collagen, is present in many forms of connective tissue, and makes up about 25% of the total protein content of the mammalian body. 

Characteristics

Characteristics of CT:
* Cells are spread through an extracellular fluid. 
* Ground substance - A clear, colorless, and viscous fluid containing glycosaminoglycans and proteoglycans to fix the body water and the collagen fibers in the intercellular spaces. Ground substance slows the spread of pathogens.
* Fibers. Not all types of CT are fibrous. Examples of non-fibrous CT include adipose tissue and blood. Adipose tissue gives "mechanical cushioning" to the body, among other functions.   Although there is no dense collagen network in adipose tissue, groups of adipose cells are kept together by collagen fibers and collagen sheets in order to keep fat tissue under compression in place (for example, the sole of the foot). The matrix of blood is plasma. 
* Both the ground substance and proteins (fibers) create the matrix for CT.

Function

Connective tissue has a wide variety of functions that depend on the types of cells and the different classes of fibers involved. Loose and dense irregular connective tissue, formed mainly by fibroblasts and collagen fibers, have an important role in providing a medium for oxygen and nutrients to diffuse from capillaries to cells, and carbon dioxide and waste substances to diffuse from cells back into circulation. They also allow organs to resist stretching and tearing forces. Dense regular connective tissue, which forms organized structures, is a major functional component of tendons, ligaments and aponeuroses, and is also found in highly specialized organs such as the cornea. Elastic fibers, made from elastin and fibrillin, also provide resistance to stretch forces. They are found in the walls of large blood vessels and in certain ligaments, particularly in the ligamenta flava.

In hematopoietic and lymphatic tissues, reticular fibers made by reticular cells provide the stroma—or structural support—for the parenchyma—or functional part—of the organ.

Mesenchyme is a type of connective tissue found in developing organs of embryos that is capable of differentiation into all types of mature connective tissue. Another type of relatively undifferentiated connective tissue is mucous connective tissue, found inside the umbilical cord.

Various type of specialized tissues and cells are classified under the spectrum of connective tissue, and are as diverse as brown and white adipose tissue, blood, cartilage and bone. Cells of the immune system, such as macrophages, mast cells, plasma cells and eosinophils are found scattered in loose connective tissue, providing the ground for starting inflammatory and immune responses upon the detection of antigens.

Clinical significance

It is estimated that 1 in 10 people have a connective tissue disorder.  Diseases of connective tissue include:

*Connective tissue neoplasms including sarcomas such as hemangiopericytoma and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in nervous tissue.
*Congenital diseases include Marfan syndrome and Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
*Myxomatous degeneration – a pathological weakening of connective tissue.
*Mixed connective tissue disease – a disease of the autoimmune system, also undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
*Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) – a major autoimmune disease of connective tissue
*Scurvy, caused by a deficiency of vitamin C which is necessary for the synthesis of collagen.

Staining of connective tissue

For microscopic viewing, most of the connective tissue staining-techniques, color tissue fibers in contrasting shades. Collagen may be differentially stained by any of the following:

* Van Gieson's stain
* Masson's trichrome stain
* Mallory's trichrome stain
* Aniline blue stain
* Eosin
* Reticulin stain
Question:
What do we call bands of flexible fibrous connective tissue that links bones together?
Answer:
Ligamentum
Passage:
Dolly Parton remarries Carl Dean after 50 years: 13 crazy ...
Dolly Parton remarries Carl Dean after 50 years: 13 crazy facts about the Queen of Country | Music | Entertainment | Daily Express
MUSIC
Dolly Parton remarries Carl Dean after 50 years: 13 crazy facts about the Queen of Country
DOLLY PARTON has remarried hubby Carl Dean on their 50th Anniversary facts. To celebrate, we run down the Top 13 incredible facts from turning down Elvis to plastic surgery and wanting gays to suffer (but she means it nicely).
15:01, Thu, Jun 9, 2016
| UPDATED: 15:10, Thu, Jun 9, 2016
She has joked about having affairs and even turned down Elvis once. 
The country singer is one of the most famous women in the world but she is almost never photographed with her reclusive husband. Dolly Parton and Carl Dean have celebrated their 50th Anniversary and renewed their vows at a private ceremony for family and friends in Nashville.
Announcing the news, Dolly said: “If I had it to do all over, I'd do it all over again, and we did. I'm dragging him kicking and screaming into the next 50 years."
Unusually, the reclusive Carl has agreed for the photographs to be released. They will be auctioned to raise money for Dolly's Imagination Library literacy charity.
EXPOSURE
Dolly Parton is almost never photographed with hubby Carl Dean
Related articles
'I'm not happy all the time, that's Botox' Dolly Parton on depression
Dolly Parton has been writing music since she was seven years old and has racked up some incredible achievements.
The country legend has written over 3,000 songs and sold over 100 million records as well as starring in major Hollywood films like 9 to 5 and Steel Magnolias.
And speaking of racks, her impressive bust has not only become her calling card, it inspired the name of one of the 20th Century's most incredible scientific breakthroughs.
Can you guess which one?
SCROLL DOWN FOR DOLLY PARTON'S TOP 13 INCREDIBLE FACTS:
GETTY
1. DOLLY THE SHEEP:
Yes, in 1996 the world's first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep,was named in honour of the singer, or more precisely, her bust. 
“Dolly is derived from a mammary gland cell, and we couldn’t think of a more impressive pair of glands than Dolly Parton’s,” said scientist Ian Wilmut.
2. CORN COB: 
Dolly wrote her first song about her corn cob doll. She was so young that she coldn't write down the words herself, so her mum had to do it for her.
And yes, she was so poor growing up that her doll was made from a corn cob.
GETTY
Dolly Parton over the years
3. HUMBLE BEGINNINGS:
She may be a multi-millionaire these days, but the Tennessee mountains lass grow up in grinding poverty.
Dolly and her 11 brothers and sisters grew up in a one-room cabin in Locust Ridge, Sevier County.
“You know they always talk about two rooms and a bath?" Parton once said of her childhood. "We had two rooms and a path.
"We’d have running water when we’d run to get it. We didn’t have any electricity. If fireflies were out, we’d catch them in a mason jar and put them in our bedroom."
Things you didn't know about Dolly Parton
Mon, May 30, 2016
The queen of Country music is 70 today, so here are some interesting facts you didn't know about Dolly Parton.
10 things you didn't know about Dolly Parton [Getty]
Make gays suffer like the rest of us – let them get married.
Dolly Parton
4. MAKE GAYS SUFFER:
Dolly is a staunch supporter of gay rights, including the right to marry.
“I always say, ‘Sure — why can’t they get married? They should suffer like the rest of us do,'” she once said.
5. DEATH THREATS:
In the mid-2000s, Dollywood joined the ranks of family amusement parks, including DisneyWorld, participating in Gay Days aimed at families with LBGT members.
This made Dolly herself a target for hate-filled threats from the Ku Klux Klan.
"I still get threats," she admitted recently, "But like I said, I'm in business. I just don't feel like I have to explain myself. I love everybody."
Related articles
Adam Lambert is starring in The Rocky Horror Picture Show & guess...
6. HOME SWEET HOME:
When she struck it rich, Dolly actually bought the original house and spent a small fortune returning it to the way it looked when she was growing up.
"I spent a couple million dollars making it look like I spent $50 on it," she said. "Like in the bathroom, I made the bathroom so it looked like an outdoor toilet.”
7. HAPPILY EVER AFTER:
The superstar has been married to Carl Dean since 1966. Her hubby likes to stay out of the spotlight which has led to questions about their marriage.  
Dolly happily admits that she is a shamless flirt but says she would never cheat.
"My husband knows I’m a flirt and a tease but it’s harmless,” she said. “I’ve never met the man that would take his place.”
8. PLAYBOY OFFERS:
The Jolene singer probably has the most famous cleavage in the world, but turned down numerous offers to pose topless for Playboy. She did, however, appear on the magazine's October 1978 issue wearing the Playboy bunny outfit and ears. 
GETTY
Pamela Anderson poses in her iconic red swimsuit [Missguided]
12. DOLLYWOOD:
Dolly may be one of the only people in the entire world who has her own amusement park – but, amazingly, she never goes on any of the rides.
Ironically, the poor lass gets physically ill if she tries out any of the park's attractions. 
"I have motion sickness. I could never ride some of these rides. I used to get sick on the school bus," she revealed.
The singer created Dollywood 20 years ago in Pidgeon Ford, Tennessee, to help rejuvinate the area and it is now the main employer in the county.
GETTY
Question:
"Which singer once said of herself, ""It takes a lot of money to look as cheap as this""?"
Answer:
Floyd Parton
Passage:
Which movie holds the record for using the highest number ...
first appearance - Which movie holds the record for using the highest number of extras in a scene? - Movies & TV Stack Exchange
Which movie holds the record for using the highest number of extras in a scene?
up vote 8 down vote favorite
1
Often they make use of extras in a movie scene typically for depicting a crowd, a stadium filled with people, a rally, a procession etc.
I want to know that in which movie the highest number of extras were used for filming a scene.
The record for most extras is with 1982 classic Gandhi , which used over 300,000 extras for the funeral scene.
IMDb Trivia snippet:
300,000 extras appeared in the funeral sequence. About 200,000 were   volunteers and 94,560 were paid a small fee (under contract). The   sequence was filmed on 31st Jan 1981, the 33rd anniversary of Mohandas   K. Gandhi's funeral. 11 crews shot over 20,000 feet of film, which was   pared down to 125 seconds in the final release.
Question:
Which film still hold the record for using the highest number of extras?
Answer:
Little brown saint
Passage:
Roundhead
Roundhead was the name given to the supporters of the Parliament of England during the English Civil War. Also known as Parliamentarians, they fought against Charles I of England and his supporters, the Cavaliers or Royalists, who claimed rule by absolute monarchy and the divine right of kings.  The goal of the Roundhead party was to give the Parliament supreme control over executive administration.

Most Roundheads appear to have sought a constitutional monarchy in place of the absolutist monarchy sought by Charles I. However, at the end of the English Civil War in 1649, public antipathy towards the king was high enough to allow republican leaders such as Oliver Cromwell to abolish the monarchy completely and establish the Commonwealth of England.

The Roundhead commander-in-chief of the first Civil War, Thomas Fairfax, remained a supporter of constitutional monarchy, as did many other Roundhead leaders such as Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Manchester and Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex; however, this party was outmanoeuvred by the more politically-adept Cromwell and his radicals, who had the backing of the New Model Army and took advantage of Charles' perceived betrayal of England by allying with the Scottish against Parliament.

England's many Puritans and Presbyterians were almost invariably Roundhead supporters, as were many smaller religious groups such as the Independents. However many Roundheads were Church of England, as were many Cavaliers.

Roundhead political factions included the proto-anarchist Diggers, the diverse group known as the Levellers and the apocalyptic Christian movement of the Fifth Monarchists.

Origins and background

Some Puritans, but by no means all, wore their hair closely cropped round the head or flat and there was thus an obvious contrast between them and the men of courtly fashion, who wore long ringlets.

During the war and for a time afterwards, Roundhead was a term of derision—in the New Model Army it was a punishable offence to call a fellow soldier a Roundhead. This contrasted with the term "Cavalier" to describe supporters of the Royalist cause. Cavalier also started out as a pejorative term—the first proponents used it to compare members of the Royalist party with Spanish Caballeros who had abused Dutch Protestants during the reign of Elizabeth I—but unlike Roundhead, Cavalier was embraced by those who were the target of the epithet and used by them to describe themselves.

"Roundheads" appears to have been first used as a term of derision toward the end of 1641, when the debates in Parliament in the Clergy Act 1640 were causing riots at Westminster. The Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition quotes a contemporary authority's description of the crowd gathered there: "They had the hair of their heads very few of them longer than their ears, whereupon it came to pass that those who usually with their cries attended at Westminster were by a nickname called Roundheads". The demonstrators included London apprentices and Roundhead was a term of derision for them because the regulations to which they had agreed included a provision for closely cropped hair.

According to John Rushworth the word was first used on 27 December 1641 by a disbanded officer named David Hide, who during a riot is reported to have drawn his sword and said he would "cut the throat of those round-headed dogs that bawled against bishops". 

However, Richard Baxter ascribes the origin of the term to a remark made by Queen Henrietta Maria of France at the trial of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford, earlier that year. Referring to John Pym, she asked who the roundheaded man was. The principal advisor to Charles II, Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, remarked on the matter, "and from those contestations the two terms of Roundhead and Cavalier grew to be received in discourse, ... they who were looked upon as servants to the king being then called Cavaliers, and the other of the rabble contemned and despised under the name of Roundheads." 

Ironically, after Anglican Archbishop William Laud made a statute in 1636 instructing all clergy to wear short hair, many Puritans rebelled to show their contempt for his authority and began to grow their hair even longer (as can be seen on their portraits)   though they continued to be known as Roundheads. The longer hair was more common among the "Independent" and "high ranking" Puritans (which included Cromwell), especially toward the end of the Protectorate, while the "Presbyterian" (i.e. non-Independent) faction, and the military rank-and-file, continued to abhor long hair. By the end of this period some Independent Puritans were again derisively using the term Roundhead to refer to the Presbyterian Puritans.

Roundhead remained in use to describe those with republican tendencies up until the Exclusion Crisis of 1678–1681; the term was then superseded by "Whig", initially another term with pejorative connotations. Likewise during the Exclusion Bill crisis, the term Cavalier was replaced with "Tory", an Irish term introduced by their opponents, and also initially a pejorative term.

Notes
Question:
Who was appointed commander-in-chief of the Parliamentary forces in the English Civil War in 1645?
Answer:
Thomas Fairfax
Passage:
John T. Scopes
John Thomas Scopes (August 3, 1900 – October 21, 1970) was a teacher in  Dayton, Tennessee, who was charged on May 5, 1925 for violating Tennessee's Butler Act, which prohibited the teaching of evolution in Tennessee schools. He was tried in a case known as the Scopes Trial, in which he was found guilty and fined $100.

Biography

Scopes was born in 1900 on a farm in Paducah, Kentucky where he was reared before moving to Danville, Illinois as a teenager. In 1917 he moved to Salem, Illinois where he was a member of the class of 1919 at Salem High School.  He attended the University of Illinois for a short time before leaving for health reasons.  He earned a degree at the University of Kentucky in 1924, with a major in law and a minor in geology.  Scopes moved to Dayton where he took a job as the Rhea County High School's football coach and occasionally filled in as substitute teacher when regular members of the staff were off work. 

Scopes's involvement in the so-called Scopes Monkey Trial came about after the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) announced that it would finance a test case challenging the constitutionality of the Butler Act if they could find a Tennessee teacher willing to act as a defendant.

A band of businessmen in Dayton, Tennessee, led by engineer and geologist George Rappleyea, saw this as an opportunity to get publicity for their town and approached Scopes. Rappleyea pointed out that while the Butler Act prohibited the teaching of human evolution, the state required teachers to use the assigned textbook, Hunter's Civic Biology (1914), which included a chapter on evolution. Rappleyea argued that teachers were essentially required to break the law. When asked about the test case, Scopes was initially reluctant to get involved, but after some discussion he told the group gathered in Robinson's Drugstore, "If you can prove that I've taught evolution and that I can qualify as a defendant, then I'll be willing to stand trial." 

By the time the trial had begun, the defense team included  Clarence Darrow, Dudley Field Malone, John Neal, Arthur Garfield Hays and Frank McElwee. The prosecution team, led by Tom Stewart, included brothers Herbert Hicks and Sue K. Hicks, Wallace Haggard, father and son pairings Ben and J. Gordon McKenzie, and William Jennings Bryan and William Jennings Bryan Jr. Bryan had spoken at Scopes's high school commencement and remembered the defendant laughing while he was giving the address to the graduating class six years earlier.

The case ended on July 21, 1925, with a guilty verdict, and Scopes was fined 100 dollars.  The case was appealed to the Tennessee Supreme Court.  In a 3-1 decision written by Chief Justice Grafton Green the Butler Act was held to be constitutional, but the court overturned Scopes's conviction on a technicality: the judge had set the fine instead of the jury. The Butler Act remained until May 18, 1967, when it was repealed by the Tennessee legislature.

Scopes may have actually been innocent of the crime to which his name is inexorably linked.  After the trial Scopes admitted to reporter William Kinsey Hutchinson "I didn't violate the law," (DeCamp p. 435) explaining that he had skipped the evolution lesson, and that his lawyers had coached his students to go on the stand; the Dayton businessmen had assumed he had violated the law.  Hutchinson did not file his story until after the Scopes appeal was decided in 1927.

After the trial Scopes accepted a scholarship for graduate study in geology at the University of Chicago. He then did geological field work in Venezuela for Gulf Oil of South America. There he met and married his wife, Mildred, and was baptized in the Roman Catholic Church. In 1930, he returned to the University of Chicago for a third year of graduate study. After two years without professional employment, he took a position as a geologist with the United Gas Corporation, for which he studied oil reserves. He worked, in Houston, Texas then in Shreveport, Louisiana, until he retired in 1963. 

He died on October 21, 1970 in Shreveport, Louisiana at the age of 70.
Question:
Who was the US lawyer who defended John Scopes on charges of teaching evolution in 1925?
Answer:
(Clarence) Darrow
Passage:
Food - Main course Savoury steamed, baked sponge & suet ...
1000+ images about Main course Savoury steamed, baked sponge & suet puddings on Pinterest | Suet pudding, Puddings and Steak and ale
Forward
The Bedfordshire Clanger comes from the county of Bedfordshire.It's an elongated suet crust dumpling w/ savory filling at one end & sweet filling at the other comprising a main course & dessert in one package.The savory end is traditionally meat w/ diced potatoes & veg,the sweet end is usually jam,or sweetened apple/ fruit.Traditionally the top pasty is scored w/ a few lines to denote the sweet end.Historically,made by women for their husbands to take to their agricultural work as a midday…
See More
Question:
What do we call, particular to one county, an elongated suet crust with a savoury filling at one end and a sweet filling at the other
Answer:
Bedfordshire Clanger
Passage:
Woodwind instrument
Woodwind instruments  are a family of musical instruments within the more general category of wind instruments.  There are two main types of woodwind instruments:  flutes and reed instruments (otherwise called reed pipes). What differentiates these instruments from other wind instruments is the way in which they produce their sound.  Examples are a saxophone, a bassoon, piccolo and others.

Flutes

Flutes produce sound by directing a focused stream of air across the edge of a hole in a cylindrical tube.  The flute family can be divided into two sub-families: open flutes, and closed flutes. 

To produce a sound with open flutes, the player is required to blow a stream of air across a sharp edge that then splits the airstream .  This split airstream then acts upon the air column contained within the flute's hollow causing it to vibrate and produce sound.  Examples of open flutes are the transverse flute, panpipes and ocarinas.  Ancient flutes of this variety were often made from tubular sections of plants such as grasses, reeds, and hollowed-out tree branches. Later, flutes were made of metals such as tin, copper, or bronze. Modern concert flutes are usually made of high-grade metal alloys, usually containing nickel, silver, copper, or gold. 

To produce a sound with a closed flute, the player is required to blow air into a duct.  This duct acts as a channel bringing the air to a sharp edge.  As with the open flutes, the air is then split; this causes the column of air within the closed flute to vibrate and produce sound.  Examples of this type of flute include the recorder, and organ pipes. 

Reed instruments

Reed instruments produce sound by focusing air into a mouthpiece which then causes a reed, or reeds, to vibrate.  Similar to flutes, Reed pipes are also further divided into two types: single reed and double reed.   

Single-reed woodwinds produce sound by placing a reed onto the opening of a mouthpiece (using a ligature).  When air is forced between the reed and the mouthpiece, the reed causes the air column in the instrument to vibrate and produce its unique sound. Single reed instruments include the clarinet, saxophone, and others such as the chalumeau.  

Double-reed instruments use two precisely cut, small pieces of cane bound together at the base.  This form of sound production has been estimated to have originated in the middle to late Neolithic period; its discovery has been attributed to the observation of wind blowing through a split rush.   The finished, bound reed is inserted into the instrument and vibrates as air is forced between the two pieces (again, causing the air within the instrument to vibrate as well).   This family of reed pipes is subdivided further into another two sub-families: exposed double reed, and capped double reed instruments. 
 
Exposed double-reed instruments are played by having the double reed directly between the player's lips.  This family includes instruments such as the oboe, cor anglais (also called English horn) and bassoon, and many types of shawms throughout the world.

On the other hand, Capped double-reed instruments have the double reed covered by a cap.  The player  blows through a hole in this cap that then directs the air through the reeds. This family includes the crumhorn.

Bagpipes are unique reed pipe instruments since they use two or more double or single reeds.  However, bagpipes are functionally the same as a capped double reed instruments since the reeds are never in direct contact with player's lips. 

Free reed aerophone instruments are likewise unique since sound is produced by 'free reeds' –  small metal tongues arranged in rows within a metal or wooden frame.  The airflow necessary for the instruments sound is generated either by a players breath (e.g. harmonica), or by bellows (e.g. accordion).  

Modern orchestra and concert band woodwinds 

The modern orchestra's woodwind section typically includes: flutes, oboes, clarinets, and bassoons. The piccolo, cor anglais, bass clarinet, and contrabassoon are commonly used supplementary woodwind instruments. The section may also on occasion be expanded by the addition of saxophone(s).

The concert band's woodwind section is typically much larger and more diverse than the orchestra's. The concert band's woodwind section typically includes: piccolo, flutes, oboes, B clarinets, bass clarinets, bassoons, alto saxophones, tenor saxophone, and baritone saxophone. The cor anglais, E clarinet, alto clarinet, contra-alto clarinet, contrabass clarinet, contrabassoon, and soprano saxophone are also used, but not as frequently as the other woodwinds.
Question:
What is the largest woodwind instrument in an orchestra?
Answer:
Basoon
Passage:
Paul Bäumer
This article deals with Paul Bäumer the pilot. For the fictional Paul Bäumer, see All Quiet on the Western Front. For the late member of electronic music group Bingo Players, see Bingo Players

Paul Wilhelm Bäumer (11 May 1896 – 15 July 1927) was a German fighter ace in World War I.

Background

Bäumer was born on 11 May 1896 in Duisburg, Germany. He was a dental assistant before World War I, and earned a private pilot's license by Summer 1914.Franks et al 1993, pp. 66–67.

Involvement in The Civil War

At the start of the war, he joined the 70th Infantry Regiment. He served in both France and Russia, being wounded in the arm in the latter. He then transferred to the air service as a dental assistant before being accepted for military pilot training.

By October 1916, he was serving as a ferry pilot and instructor at Armee Flugpark 1. On 19 February 1917, he was promoted to Gefreiter. On 26 March, he was assigned to Flieger Abteilung 7; he was promoted to Unteroffizier on the 29th.

On 15 May 1917, he was awarded the Iron Cross Second Class. He subsequently received training on single-seaters, consequently being posted to fighter duty. Bäumer joined Jagdstaffel 5 on 30 June 1917, scoring three victories as a balloon buster in mid-July before going to the elite Jasta Boelcke.

Bäumer claimed heavily, reaching 18 victories by year end.  He was commissioned in April 1918. On 29 May Bäumer was injured in a crash, breaking his jaw, and he returned to the Jasta in September. With the arrival of the Fokker D.VII he claimed even more success, including 16 in September. Nicknamed "The Iron Eagle", he flew with a personal emblem of an Edelweiss on his aircraft. He was one of the few pilots in World War I whose lives were saved by parachute deployment, when he was shot down in flames in September. He received the Pour le Mérite shortly before the Armistice and was finally credited with 43 victories, ranking ninth among German aces.

Post-War Career

After the war, Bäumer worked briefly in the dockyards before he became a dentist, and reportedly one of his patients, Erich Maria Remarque, used Bäumer's name for the protagonist of his antiwar novel All Quiet on the Western Front.

Continuing his interest in flying, he founded his own aircraft company in Hamburg. Bäumer died in an air crash at Copenhagen on 15 July 1927, age 31, while test flying a Rohrbach Ro IX fighter.
Question:
The young soldier Paul Baumer is the narrator and central character in which 1929 novel?
Answer:
All Quiet on the
Passage:
Cassandra Trotter
Cassandra Louise Trotter (née Parry; born 16 June 1966 ) is a fictional character from the British sitcom Only Fools and Horses. She was portrayed by Gwyneth Strong.

Biography

The intelligent, slightly-spoiled daughter of the owner of a successful paper merchant, Alan (Denis Lill) and his wife Pam (Wanda Ventham), Cassandra was an ambitious employee of the local bank. She made her first Only Fools and Horses appearance in the episode Yuppy Love, in which she was an attendee of Rodney's adult education class. The two first met when they accidentally mixed up their raincoats in the cloak room, and met again at a disco later that night, at which Rodney's friends Mickey Pearce and Jevon unsuccessfully ask her for a dance. Rodney then bet £20 that he would be successful and, to their horror, she agreed to dance with him. Cassandra also offered to give him a lift home, and they exchanged telephone numbers. However, as he was ashamed to take her home to Nelson Mandela House, he pretended he lived in a more upmarket location on King's Avenue and was duly left stranded as it began to pour with rain, again getting their coats mixed up leaving Rodney to walk home.

Originally John Sullivan wanted to make Cassandra a girlfriend of Trigger, Denzil or an admirer of Boycie, but decided that like he planned to do with Del, Rodney needed a long term relationship.

Their relationship blossomed throughout the sixth series; In The Unlucky Winner Is... she went to Spain with Rodney and Del, and had to pretend to be Del's wife, and Rodney's stepmother. In Sickness and Wealth, Rodney announced that they were engaged; they married in the final episode of series 6: Little Problems, after which they moved into their own flat. Her marriage to Rodney was not without its problems; Rodney was envious of Cassandra's privileged upbringing and her qualifications. When Cassandra wanted to build herself a career at the bank, Rodney was outraged, as he wanted her to be little more than a housewife, and have his dinner on the table for when he got home from work.

After a year of being married she and Rodney split up in The Jolly Boys Outing (the 1989 Christmas special), when he punched her boss and broke his nose. In the next episode aired Rodney Come Home (Christmas special 1990), they broke up again, which started an ongoing split between the pair. This split carried on throughout the duration of series 7. In The Chance of a Lunchtime Del played matchmaker between the two, reuniting them. However, the two were only together for an hour before Cassandra saw Rodney with an ex-fiancē of Del Boy's. Assuming that Rodney was cheating on her, Cassandra locked him out of the flat. They were ultimately reconciled in Three Men, a Woman and a Baby but after just getting back together they were interrupted by a phone call that Raquel had gone into labour and Del wanted Rodney to be there for the birth. The episode Miami Twice saw them trying to patch up their relationship, and in Mother Natures Son they were back together properly, and stayed together ever since. The later episodes saw them attempting to conceive a child, and Cassandra was promoted to head of small business investment at the local bank. After suffering a miscarriage in "Modern Men", she and Rodney later had a daughter, Joan (named after Del and Rodney's late mother), in Sleepless in Peckham.

Notes
Question:
What was the name of the episode in which Rodney first met Cassandra?
Answer:
Yuppy Love
