Passage:
Stressed Eric
Stressed Eric is a British cartoon series that was produced by Absolutely Productions for the BBC Two television channel in the United Kingdom and Television New Zealand. The series revolves around Eric Feeble, a middle class man who is always stressed, because of his family, work, co-workers, etc.

Overview

Eric Feeble is 40 years old, still upset over his divorce two years ago, lives in a middle class London house, and is always being kept under extreme amounts of pressure and stress from all aspects of life, represented by a throbbing vein in his temple. His two children, Claire and Brian, plague him with fear and worries every day.  Claire is a frail six-year-old who is allergic to a large range of things such as wheat, ponies, spices etc.while Brian is a ten-year-old with learning problems who has been kept back three straight years in school, has an oral fixation, and has pica. The family's au pair housekeeper, Maria, is an eighteen-year-old Portuguese woman with a serious drinking problem; despite Eric's frequent attempts to keep her under control and focused, she seems to be passed-out drunk for hours at a time, often sprawled on a floor. His ex-wife, Liz, left him for a Buddhist, but she insists on phoning him up incessantly, which merely adds to his growing stress level. The next-door neighbours, the wealthy, successful and snobbish Perfect family, provide him a constant and painful view of what his life could have been.

Eric's workplace is absolutely no escape from his everyday problems. His boss, Paul Power (known as PP), is loud, rude and demanding; he has demoted Eric from Assistant Manager to a low-level clerk in an office sandwiched between the janitor's closet and the men's toilets. His secretary, Alison, is completely useless, spending all her "working hours" making and taking personal phone calls and shrilling rudely at Eric when he requests her attention.

At the end of almost every episode, as the climax of events cause Eric's stress to reach breaking point, the throbbing vein emerges from his temple and wraps itself around his neck, strangling him.

Characters 

Main characters 

*Eric Feeble - Stressed out divorced father of two children. Eric is a kind, well-meaning man who loves his children. Although bitter and sarcastic about many aspects of his life, Eric genuinely tries to make the best out of situation and deeply loves his children, going to great lengths to make them proud. However, he normally fails due to no fault of his own, and the rare times he actually does well, something always happens to ruin it.
*Claire Feeble - Daughter of Eric; allergic to just about everything. Despite this, she is an intelligent, curious, playful little girl. Due to her allergies, she has to eat special regulation food and is always sneaking ordinary food, which immediately makes her swell up.
*Brian Feeble - Son of Eric; has been held back in school for 3 years straight and is always putting things in his mouth.
*Maria Gonzalez - The Feeble family's punk-looking live-in au pair; she is Portuguese and always drunk or hungover. She also uses alcohol as perfume in the episode "Potato".

Major characters 

*Liz - Eric's eccentric ex-wife.
*Ray Perfect - Snobbish and "perfect" next-door neighbour of Eric. Shares Eric's workplace, but is senior and consistently praised for his fine work.
*Mrs. Perfect - Snobbish wife of Mr. Perfect. Catchphrase: "How art thou, Eric?"
*Heather Perfect - Snobbish daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Perfect.
*Paul Power, a.k.a. P.P - Boss of Eric who is usually very angry. Catchphrase: "Double arseburgers, Eric!"
*Alison - Eric's useless secretary who spends all her time on the telephone gossiping to friends.
*Doc - Eric's dementedly relaxed doctor, more interested in chasing women than treating Eric. He is the closest thing Eric has to a best friend.
*Mrs. Wilson - An old lady who slowly tries in vain to post a letter which always falls from her hand and into a drain, sometimes with Eric to blame. Catchphrase: "Morning, Mister Eric. Just off to the post..."

Voice cast

* Mark Heap as Eric Feeble (UK) & (NZ)
* Morwenna Banks as Claire Feeble and Heather Perfect
* Rebecca Front as Liz Feeble
* Gordon Kennedy Various
* Doon Mackichan as Maria Gonzalez and Alison Scabie
* Geoffrey McGivern as Caleb and Paul Power
* Paul Shearer as Doc
* Alison Steadman as Mrs Perfect

A US adaptation replaced Mark Heap's voice with that of Hank Azaria. 

TV history

The show was first broadcast on BBC2 in April 1998 and ran for two series.  

Stressed Eric continued when Hibbert Ralph produced the second series.  The second series was animated by Varga Studio instead.

List of episodes 

Series 1 

#Nativity - 20 April 1998
#Sex - 27 April 1998
#Pony - 11 May 1998
#Hospital - 18 May 1998
#Potato - 1 June 1998
#Tidy - 8 June 1998

Series 2 

#Cricket - 31 August 2000
#Bursting - 6 September 2000
#Team - 13 September 2000
#Tent - 20 September 2000
#Crush - 27 September 2000
#Au Pair - 4 October 2000
#Drool - 11 October 2000

DVD Release

The Complete Stressed Eric Collection was released on DVD in the UK on 2 May 2011, with the following Special Features:
* The Story of Stressed Eric
* Drawing the Characters with Stig Bergqvist
* Audio Commentaries
* Animatic of Nativity Episode
* BBC Trails
* Storyboard Excerpt from Pony Episode
Question:
What are the first names of Eric Feeble’s son and daughter in the animated television series ‘Stressed Eric’?
Answer:
Claire and Brian
Passage:
BRITs 2015 - Brit Awards
Twitter
Put the date in your diaries – Wednesday 25th February is BRITs 2015 day. The biggest night in UK music will be broadcast live on ITV for the fifth time.
We also have a new chairman – Max Lousada, the Warner Music UK CEO will oversee the 2015 strategy and committee that are responsible for the creative direction of the show as well as the management of the Award categories, artist line up, voting academy and media strategy. Max succeeds Christian Tattersfield as Chairman following the 2014 campaign that saw The BRITs exposed to a larger global audience than ever before as a result of the Awards’ strongest digital campaign to date.
Speaking about his new role Max said: “The BRITs is the UK’s biggest showcase for music talent and one of the most anticipated events in the global entertainment calendar, so to lead the team behind it is both a great honour and an exciting challenge.  At its heart, The BRITs is a celebration of creativity so it’s fitting that our first appointments are Es and Willo, both of whom are synonymous with artistic excellence and have collaborated with some of the world’s most exciting and inventive acts.”
In a new era for The BRITs Max will be joined by stage designer, Es Devlin and a new Creative Director, Willo Perron, to help the shape next year’s event.
Es is a multi-award winning designer who has worked with the likes of Miley Cyrus, Kanye West and Lady Gaga. Willo has worked with huge artists such as Jay Z, Rihanna and Coldplay.
Speaking about the new team, Max said: “The BRITs is the UK’s biggest showcase for music talent and one of the most anticipated events in the global entertainment calendar, so to lead the team behind it is both a great honour and an exciting challenge.  At its heart, The BRITs is a celebration of creativity so it’s fitting that our first appointments are Es and Willo, both of whom are synonymous with artistic excellence and have collaborated with some of the world’s most exciting and inventive acts.”
We’ll be revealing more news about BRITs 2015 in the coming months – so watch this space!
Question:
What is the name of the British annual pop music awards, that are held in February each year?
Answer:
The Brit Awards/redirs
Passage:
Manchester United F.C. mascots
This is a chronological list of Manchester United F.C mascots from their foundation as Newton Heath F.C. in 1878. The current club mascot is "Fred the Red", an anthropomorphic "Red Devil", after the club's nickname, the Red Devils.

Michael the Bank Street Canary (1890s)

During the 1890s, readers of Newton Heath F.C. match programmes may have seen advertisements to hear "Michael the Bank Street Canary sing," for a nominal fee. However, Michael was not able to sing, and nor was he a canary. In actuality, Michael was a goose and was an unwitting participant in the money-making schemes that the club were using during their financial difficulties.

Understandably, the fans who had paid good money to hear a canary sing were rightfully unimpressed by Michael's tuneless honk. Then, one Christmas, Michael mysteriously disappeared, never to be seen again, believed to have been served as a dissatisfied fan's Christmas dinner.

Major the Saint Bernard dog (1902–1905/06)

Major was the prized Saint Bernard of Newton Heath's club captain and full-back, Harry Stafford, and played a pivotal role in the changing of the club's name, colours and stadium. Still in financial difficulty, Stafford would send his dog around the crowd with a collection box on its collar in the hope of bringing in much-needed extra funds. Then, in 1901, the club held a fund-raising bazaar, at which Major did his usual rounds with the collection box. However, the bazaar was a "rank failure", as described by the archives of the Topical Times, and by the end of it, Major had gone missing.

Stafford went out looking for his prize dog, and eventually found him in the possession of local brewer John Henry Davies, who wished to keep Major as a pet for his daughter. Stafford convinced Davies to invest £500 in Newton Heath F.C. in order to guarantee the club's financial security for the immediate future and in return gave Davies the dog. Davies was appointed chairman, and eventually renamed the club as Manchester United F.C. in 1902, changing the club colours to red and white.

Major was eventually retired as club mascot during the 1905-06 season. Whether this was due to his demise or just old age is unknown, but what is certain is that Major will be forever remembered as one of the most important mascots the club has ever had.

Billy the Goat (1905/06–1909)

Following the retirement of Major, the club decided to adopt a new mascot. Half-back Charlie Roberts had recently been given a goat by The Bensons, a theatre company. Why Roberts was given a goat, and why a theatre company gave it to him, is unknown, but he (imaginatively) named the goat "Billy", and Billy the Goat became the third club mascot. Like Major before him, Billy was also paraded around the ground before home games.

Interestingly, the records show that Billy travelled to ale houses with the team on numerous occasions, sometimes having the odd tipple. However, it was Billy's taste for alcohol that would cause him to meet his demise. After the 1909 FA Cup Final win over Bristol City, Billy took part in the post-match celebrations with the players, but drank too much champagne and died of alcohol poisoning soon after.

"Hoppy" Thorne, the One-legged Wonder (late 1930s–late 1940s)

William "Hoppy" Thorne was a British soldier during the First World War. He was too young to join the army at the start of the war, but nonetheless signed up under a false name. He somehow lost a leg in combat, and was marked as an invalid on his return to Britain. This status meant that few employers would give him any work, but he managed to find work at Old Trafford, sweeping up after home matches and operating the scoreboard at Reserve games.

Hoppy became well-known amongst the players, but what made him famous to the fans were his pre-match entertainments. Before home matches, he would strip off his clothes, down to his running gear, jump over the fence around the playing surface, and hop or run around the pitch, depending on whether he'd attached his false leg or not.

However, Hoppy's tenure as club mascot came to an end towards the end of the 1940s. He failed to receive tickets for the 1948 FA Cup Final in the members' ballot, and as a result, an irreconcilable rift formed between him and the club.

Jack Irons (late 1940s–1963)

John Thomas "Jack" Irons was the Manchester United mascot for around 15 years. He would parade around the pitch in a red-and-white dinner suit before kick-off, holding his red-and-white umbrella while signing autographs and greeting the fans, and even tossing the coin for the kick-off on occasion.

It is unknown how or when Irons became the club mascot, but according to the Club Minutes Book for 9 May 1963, Irons "had decided to retire at the end of the present season [1962-63]. It was decided to make a presentation to him up to the value of £25-0-0d." He made a one-match comeback for the 1968 European Cup Final, but then disappeared into obscurity, though he presumably continued to support the club until the day he died.

Frank Hilton and Ronnie McWilliams both had spells "under the umbrella", but the practice of the "friendly mascot" had to be abandoned soon after, due to the rise of hooliganism in the United Kingdom.

Fred the Red (1994–present)

The current Manchester United mascot, Fred the Red represents the club's nickname, The Red Devils. He wears a shirt with the number 55 on it and usually dances in front of the crowd before matches. Fred the Red was voted the most popular mascot in Match magazine in 2011.
Question:
Fred the Red is the mascot of which English football club?
Answer:
Manchester Utd.
Passage:
Brian Deane
Brian Christopher Deane (born 7 February 1968 in Leeds) is an English football coach and former player whose most recent position was as the manager of the Norwegian side Sarpsborg 08.

During his playing career, he played as forward from 1985 until 2006.He was the scorer of the first ever goal in the FA Premier League in 1992, when he was a Sheffield United player. Deane also played in the Premier League for Leeds United and Middlesbrough as well as playing top-flight football in Portugal and Australia for Benfica and Perth Glory respectively. He also played in The Football League for Doncaster Rovers, Leicester City, West Ham United and Sunderland before finishing his playing career in 2006 with a brief spell back at Sheffield United. Deane was capped three times by England.

Playing career

Club career

Signed for £25,000 from Doncaster Rovers in the close season of 1988, Deane first played and scored for Sheffield United in an 8–1 victory against Skegness Town. His first league goal came in the Third Division in the opening game of the season against Reading but his hero status did not really start until 17 September, when both he and Tony Agana hit hat-tricks in a 6–1 victory over Chester City. It was the first double hat-trick by a United player since Harry Johnson and Arthur Mercer helped the Blades to their record 11–2 victory over Cardiff City on 1 January 1926.

Deane scored the first goal in the FA Premier League for Sheffield United against Manchester United after 5 minutes on 15 August 1992. In the same game he scored a second after 50 minutes from the penalty spot as Sheffield United went on to win 2–1. On 16 January 1993, Deane scored a hat-trick against Ipswich Town in a 3–0 victory. 

He left Sheffield United for Leeds United for £2.9million in June 1993 – a record signing for Leeds and a record sale for the Blades. He had first been linked with a move to Elland Road 18 months previously. 

He later re-signed for the Blades, though left in a shock move that saw him transferred to Benfica and fellow striker Jan Åge Fjørtoft transferred to Barnsley on the same day.

Deane then moved to Benfica, where he played under the leadership of Graeme Souness. In his 18 matches played with Benfica, Deane managed to score 7 times. He later returned to England to play for Middlesbrough, costing the club 3 times as much as he had cost Benfica one year earlier.

In 2001 he joined Leicester City, where he scored the first competitive goal at the Walkers Stadium, scoring both goals in a 2–0 victory over Watford.  He then moved to West Ham United. Here he scored a last minute equaliser against Wigan Athletic on the final day of the 2003–2004 season.  This goal sent Crystal Palace to the division one play-offs who ironically beat West Ham in the final. When Deane was brought on as a substitute in the match he received a standing ovation by both sets of fans. After the play-off final he ended up returning for a second spell at Leeds. He struggled to make an impact in his second period at the club but memorably scored four goals in a 6–1 thrashing of Queens Park Rangers in November 2004. 

After a short spell at Sunderland, he signed for Perth Glory in the Australian A-League. He left mid-season after failing to make an impact and sustaining a long-term injury, scoring once in seven appearances. He stated that he did not want to prevent Perth Glory from signing another striker due to salary cap and squad size restrictions imposed by the league. After leaving Perth Glory, Deane re-signed for the third time at Sheffield United making him the only player Sheffield United have signed three times. In December 2005 he made two substitute appearances before retiring at the beginning of the 2006–07 season.

International career

Deane won 3 caps for England whilst with Sheffield United in the early 1990s. His England debut was as a half-time substitute in a tour match against New Zealand at Mount Smart Stadium, Auckland on 3 June 1991. His other England caps were against New Zealand at Athletic Park on 8 June 1991, and against Spain at Estadio El Sardinero, Santander, Cantabria on 9 September 1992.

Managerial career

It was announced on 21 November 2012 that Deane had been appointed as head coach of newly promoted Norwegian top-flight team, Sarpsborg 08 FF.  They finished third from bottom in his first season, avoiding relegation after beating Ranheim in play-offs. In his second season the club finished the league campaign in mid-table and were semi-finalists in the Norwegian Football Cup. 

Managerial statistics

Personal life

Deane is a Sports Consultant for Blacks Solicitors LLP in Leeds. His nephew, Simon McIntyre, plays rugby union for Wasps RFC.
Question:
Brian Deane scored the first ever Premiership goal for which team?
Answer:
Piggy Blunts
Passage:
Francesca Halsall
Francesca Jean Halsall (born 12 April 1990) is an English competitive swimmer who has represented Great Britain at the Olympics, FINA world championships, and European championships, and England at the Commonwealth Games.  She competes primarily in freestyle and butterfly events.

Halsall was the youngest member of the Team England swim squad at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, where she won silver medals in the 4×100-metre freestyle and 4×100-metre medley relays.

She was a member of the European Aquatics Championships 4×100-metre medley relay team that took gold in August 2006 and successfully defended their title in August 2008 in Eindhoven. Halsall won five medals at the 2010 European Championships in Budapest, 2 Golds, 2 Silvers and a Bronze and was a member of the 4x100-metre medley relay team that successfully defended their title for a second time. In winning five medals, she became the most successful British swimmer ever at a single championships.

At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi, India, Halsall won a gold medal, with a national record of 26.19 seconds, in the 50-metre butterfly, beating the favoured Australians. In the 100-metre freestyle Halsall was expected to win easily but a bout of illness (Delhi Belly) left her pale and weak and she had to be content with the bronze medal. Just 20 minutes later and despite being almost unable to stand up she returned for the 100-metre butterfly semi finals but failed to make the final.  Later in the Games Halsall recovered enough to win 3 more silver medals in the women's 50-metre freestyle and as part of the 4x100-metre freestyle and 4x100-metre medley relay teams.

Personal life

Halsall was born in Southport and attended St Mary's College, Crosby.

Swimming career

2008 FINA Short Course World Championships

Halsall won four medals at 2008 World Short Course Championships in Manchester, including 4×100 m freestyle bronze on her 18th birthday. She won the silver medal in the 100 m freestyle behind Marleen Veldhuis of the Netherlands.

2008 Summer Olympics

Halsall represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 100 m butterfly, 50 m freestyle, 100 m freestyle, 4×100 m freestyle, 4×200 m freestyle and 4×100 m medley

She reached the 100 m freestyle final and swam 54.29 where she finished eighth. She also swam a British record of 53.81 which helped the British quartet set a new national record of 3:38.18 in the 4×100 m freestyle.

2009 FINA Long Course World Championships

Halsall competed in 4 events at the 2009 world championships in Rome. She set a championship record for the 100m freestyle in the lead-off leg during the heats, and swam the lead leg in the final, with Great Britain placing 7th. Halsall placed 5th in the 50m freestyle in a national record of 24.11. In the 100m, she out-touched Lisbeth Trickett of Australia to take silver in a national record of 52.87, with Germany's Britta Steffen winning in a new world record of 52.07. Halsall also anchored the 4x100 metre medley relay to 5th place.

2012 Summer Olympic Games

At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Halsall competed in five events.  Halsall reached the semi-finals of 100m butterfly, posting a time of 58.52,  well off her season's best of 57.56 set in March.  Halsall made the finals of the 100m freestyle and 50m freestyle, finishing 6th and 5th respectively.  In the 4×100 m freestyle relay Halsall swam the second leg in a split of 53.29, helping the British team to a 5th-place finish. In the final of the 4×100 m medley relay the British team finished 8th, with Halsall providing an anchor leg of 54.08.

2013 FINA Long Course World Championships

Having just missed out on a medal in the 50m butterfly by coming fourth, Halsall successfully gained bronze in the 50m freestyle posting a time of 24.30 seconds. This ended a disappointing drought of medals for Great Britain just one year after the London Olympics, though Halsall was the only swimmer to finish in a medal-winning position.

Personal bests and records held
Question:
In which sport did Southport-born Francesca Halsall win three gold and two bronze medals for Great Britain in the 2014 European Championships?
Answer:
Swam
Passage:
Beyonce: Super Bowl 2013 Halftime Show - Just Jared
Beyonce: Super Bowl 2013 Halftime Show – Watch Now! | 2013 Super Bowl, Beyonce Knowles : Just Jared
Amazing! Madonna this is how you do it!
Also i thought she was performing a new single!
Maybe at the Grammys then!
Qiana
She did the damn thing.
susan
she brought nothing different for me. I thought I watch all her old performances combined. Madonna and others were more creative.
J D
gimme more
mmmm ok
No one can put on an Iconic Opening and Ending for such a SHOW but MADONNA #fact
um
Nothing new. The same. I’m sure her fans loved it.
marie
OMG she killed it! Loved it! She put on a great show! but u know the haters are coming…
Sarah.
I loved it! It was so short though, Madonna’s halftime show looked longer. But Beyonce was amazing! I was expected more. Maybe Jay Z on stage. Or even Sean Paul for ”Baby Boy”.
JUAN MANUEL
jajajja yeah SHE WAS AMAZING, BUT haters are coming.
alan
the begining slayed but i dont know it was slow at the end? it was awesome tho
LaCroix
boring……except for halo…..sorry….
boobs
I’m not a fan of Beyonce music, but even I was like get it girl!
tena
it was so so boring sorry
madonnas show was way better
um
Beyonce was feaking amazing!!!!
Jaysee
She sang 3 words! Come on! It should have been a half time dance show with Beyonce. Was expecting more. Disappointed.
NYC chck
it should be prefect seeing that she does the same show repeatedly. the only difference is that she didn’t have a fan blowing in her face.
anths
That’s my girl!!! Work it!!!!
max
Worst #SuperBowl halftime show ever! Horrible songs horrible lip signing horrible overall
ladyb
Sorry, but I thought Madonna was far better. But that’s just me. Everybody has their preference. Madonna’s entrance and exit was just second to none.
doolillo
I just want that outfit or underwear or whatever she is wearing… B*tch looked absolutely FIERCE!!!!
:)
Love that performance. Take that Madonna
Kbauch
Discusting. My family should be able to watch the Super Bowl at 4:30 without feeling like we just entered a strip club. More proof of the end of decorum.
Melissa B
@ susan : I agree. It was nothing we haven’t seen from her. I expected more creativity. It wasn’t bad, but I expected more so I’m disappointed.
martaaaa
she skin ROCKS! LOVE her!
Jane
It was prerecorded a member on exhale posted about it long before she performed and he was right. His relative works at the superbowl.
http://www.breatheheavy.com/exhale/index.php?/topic/441934-beyonce-will-lipsynch-at-the-superbowl-says-nfl-sound-engineer/
Sexyvincy
Omg I can’t believe so much jealous going on if all hater can do better go out there shut up do it haters
Jen
I am happy others enjoyed the performance. I for one turned the channel hoping I would not miss the beginning of the second half.
lele
It was so boring and bad. Her sets are sooo cheap. She wouldn’t know how to put together a good performance to save her life.
HARRY.SACHZ
Disappointing.  She danced a whole lot more than she sang.  Whoever was singing in the background, taped or not, sang more than Beyonce.
Nicki
Not so much…..I thought it was boring!!!!!!
bs
Halo = Rip Off I am sasha fierce tour
Single Ladies = Rip Off 2009 MTV VMA performance
Baby Boy = Rip Off 2011 Billboard Music Awards performance + Rivel Tour
Crazy In Love = Same performance she’s doing everytime
Destiny’s Child entrance = 2007 Bet Awards performance
+ No new songs, more useless scream than singing but fair enough, she sang live this time…
ico
But very good. Congrats Bey..
Deb
I thought she good. I’m a fan. However, I expected so much more. After all it’s the Superbowl! I’m disappointed.
Mash
Beyonce is a good performer & I wont deny that…however,she did bring nothing new,it was “deja vu” all over again…at times,she sounded out of breath…I kinda enjoyed it when Kelly came on…she looked AMAZING….love me some Kelly….Michelle looked cute….over all, it was OK nothing WOW!
RoseMarie
Blocked in 12 minutes. Wow, is that a record?!
teente
Question:
Who sang at half time at the US Super Bowl in February 2013?
Answer:
Beyoncé
Passage:
Kings of France - National Academic Quiz Tournaments, LLC
National Academic Quiz Tournaments, LLC
School
You Gotta Know These Kings of France
Louis XIV (1638-1715, r. 1643-1715) House of Bourbon.  Louis XIV's reign is often cited as the best historical example of an absolute monarchy.  Louis led France against most of the rest of Europe to win the throne of Spain for his grandson (the War of the Spanish Succession).  He championed classical art, religious orthodoxy, and instituted a great program of building throughout France.  Known as the "Sun King," his 72-year-reign is the second longest in recorded history.
Louis XIII (1601-1643, r. 1610-1643) House of Bourbon.  Sometimes working with his chief minister, Cardinal Richelieu, and sometimes against, Louis XIII turned France into the pre-eminent European power during his reign.  This was largely achieved via French victories in the Thirty Years' War. The Three Musketeers is set in the early years of his reign.
Francis I (1494-1547, r. 1515-1547) House of Valois. Francis's early military victories (like the Battle of Marignano), his lavish court, and his support of luminaries like Leonardo da Vinci augured a splendid reign.  His rivalry with Charles V of the Holy Roman Empire spelled his doom, however.  He was captured in battle in 1525 and held for a humiliating ransom.  Wars continued after his release, but bankruptcy and religious strife laid France low.
Henry IV (1553-1610, r. 1589-1610) Founder of the house of Bourbon.  Henry, the king of Navarre, became the heir to the throne when Henry III's brother died in 1584.  After fighting Catholic opposition in the War of the Three Henries, he renounced Protestantism and accepted Catholicism in order to enter Paris and become king.  With the help of Maximilien Sully he erased the national debt and removed much of the religious strife with the Edict of Nantes (1598).
Philip II (1165-1223, r. 1179-1223) House of Capet.  Philip was the first of the great Capetian kings of France.  Fighting and negotiating against Henry II, Richard I, and John of England, Philip won back Normandy, Brittany, Anjou, and other territories.  He also took part in the famous Third Crusade (with Richard I and Frederick Barbarossa) and made use of the Albigensian crusade to pave the way for the annexation of Languedoc by his successor.
Charles VIII (1470-1498, r. 1483-1498) House of Valois.  Charles' short reign is remarkable for the enormous cost in men and money of his Italian campaign but more so for the number of his successors that to followed his catastrophic lead.  Charles was motivated by a desire to govern Naples, which he had theoretically inherited.  He died before he could surpass or absolve his disastrous first campaign with another.
Louis IX (1214-1270, r. 1226-1270) House of Capet.  Louis led the Seventh Crusade that ended in military disaster, but after his ransoming remained in the Holy Land to successfully negotiate for what he couldn't win.  He returned to Europe with his reputation intact and negotiated a peace with England that saw Henry III become his vassal.  He stabilized the French currency and is generally held to have reduced corruption in the kingdom.  He died leading a crusade against Tunisia.  St. Louis is the only canonized king of France.
Louis VIII (1187-1226, r. 1223-1226) House of Capet.  Though he reigned for only three years, Louis' contributions to the rise of French power were enormous.  He annexed Languedoc and captured Poitou from England.  Perhaps more importantly, he established the systems of appanages (land grants) which replaced the older, local nobles with barons who owed their fiefs to the crown.  This allowed for the subsequent rise in French royal (and national) power.
Charles V (1338-1380, r. 1364-1380) House of Capet.  Charles had an inauspicious start (before his reign even began) with having to ransom his father, John II, from England for three million crowns and most of southwestern France. Later, with military advisor Bertrand du Guesclin, he recaptured almost all of that territory.  He also concluded alliances with Portugal, Spain, and Flanders, reorganized the army, and restructured the collection of taxes while leading France's recovery from the devastation of the early period of the Hundred Years' War.
Henry III (1551-1589, r. 1574-1589) House of Valois.  Henry's reign was suffused with blood, at first because of the continuous Wars of Religion that pitted Catholics against Huguenots, but later because of the struggles that arose when it became clear that he was going to be the last of the Valois line.  The War of the Three Henries broke out after his brother died and the then-Protestant Henry of Navarre (later Henry IV)  became heir, leading the Catholic Holy League to strike out of fear for its interests.  Henry III was assassinated by a crazed friar in 1589.
NAQT's editors opted to not include kings of Franks; had we, several of them (including Charles Martel and Charlemagne) would have made this list.  Similarly, Louis Philippe, the "king of the French" placed on the throne after Charles X abdicated in 1830, was excluded from consideration, though it's not clear at all that he would have merited a mention in the first place.
Question:
Who was the only canonised King of France? (name and number)
Answer:
Louis IX of France
Passage:
Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son
"Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son" is a popular English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19621.

Lyrics

Modern versions of the rhyme include:

Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
Stole a pig, and away did run;
The pig was eat
And Tom was beat,
And Tom went crying [or "roaring", or "howling", in some versions]
Down the street.I. Opie and P. Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes (Oxford University Press, 1951, 2nd edn., 1997), pp. 408-11.

The 'pig' mentioned in the song is almost certainly not a live animal but rather a kind of pastry, often made with an apple filling, smaller than a pie.

Another version of the rhyme is:
Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
Stole a pig, and away he run.
Tom run here,
Tom run there,
Tom run through the village square.

This rhyme is often conflated with a separate and longer rhyme:

Tom, he was a piper's son,
He learnt to play when he was young,
And all the tune that he could play
Was 'over the hills and far away';
Over the hills and a great way off,
The wind shall blow my top-knot off.

Tom with his pipe made such a noise,
That he pleased both the girls and boys,
They all stopped to hear him play,
'Over the hills and far away'.

Tom with his pipe did play with such skill
That those who heard him could never keep still;
As soon as he played they began for to dance,
Even the pigs on their hind legs would after him prance.

As Dolly was milking her cow one day,
Tom took his pipe and began to play;
So Dolly and the cow danced 'The Cheshire Round',
Till the pail was broken and the milk ran on the ground.

He met old Dame Trot with a basket of eggs,
He used his pipe and she used her legs;
She danced about till the eggs were all broke,
She began for to fret, but he laughed at the joke.

Tom saw a cross fellow was beating an ass,
Heavy laden with pots, pans, dishes, and glass;
He took out his pipe and he played them a tune,
And the poor donkey's load was lightened full soon.

Origins and meaning

Both rhymes were first printed separately in a Tom the Piper's Son, a chapbook produced around 1795 in London. The origins of the shorter and better known rhyme are unknown. The second longer rhyme was an adaptation of an existing verse which was current in England around the end of the seventeenth and beginning of the eighteenth centuries. The following verse, known as "The distracted Jockey's Lamentations" may have been written (but not included) in Thomas D'Urfey's play The Campaigners (1698):

Jockey was a Piper's Son,
And fell in love when he was young;
But all the Tunes that he could play,
Was, o'er the Hills, and far away,
And 'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
'Tis o'er the Hills, and far away,
The Wind has blown my Plad away.

This verse seems to have been adapted for a recruiting song designed to gain volunteers for the Duke of Marlborough's campaigns about 1705, with the title "The Recruiting Officer; or The Merry Volunteers", better today known as "Over the Hills and Far Away", in which the hero is called Tom.

Notes
Question:
According to rhyme who stole a pig and away he ran
Answer:
Tom the Piper's Son
Passage:
Mark Dolan
Mark Dolan (born 17 March 1974) is an English comedian, writer, and television presenter.

Early life

Dolan was born in Camden, London. He attended the University of Edinburgh and performed in the acclaimed improvisational comedy troupe The Improverts.

Career

Television

Dolan is well known as the host of Channel 4 show Balls of Steel, which he presented from 2005 until the shows end in 2008. He is also the presenter of Channel 4 Radio’s satirical show The Weekly Show, which is now in its second series, and the TV documentary series The World's (Something) And Me, where he meets "the world's most extraordinary people", such as The World's Hairiest Person and The World's Strongest Child. This series has proved popular and has aired three seasons of documentaries.
Dolan first came to the public's attention in 2002 after writing and performing in a Comedy Lab entitled The Richard Taylor Interviews. 

In 2006, Dolan helped launch More4 as the host of The Last Word, a nightly topical discussion show. He has also fronted shows for E4, including its launch comedy series, Show Me The Funny, and provides his voice as presenter of a new series for Five called Urban Legends. Dolan is currently the presenter for Sky Movies' weekly movie-news show 35mm  and Channel 4's The Mad Bad Ad Show.

On 16 February 2013, Dolan took part in the fifth series of Let's Dance for Comic Relief as member of "Destiny's Dad" alongside fellow stand up comedians Hal Cruttenden and Shaun Keaveny.

In 2015, Dolan co-hosted "If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World" with British reality TV personality Katie Hopkins.

Stand-up comedy

Dolan started as a stand-up comedian in 2000, reaching the final of Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny competition in his first year of performing. He currently has a Saturday night residency at Soho’s Amused Moose Comedy Club.

At the Edinburgh Festival Mark in 2006, Dolan performed his new one-man show I’m Here To Help!, a format in which the audience submit their real problems at the start of the show, to be solved by Dolan, the rest of the audience, and his mother on the phone. I’m Here To Help! premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 2007, at The Gilded Balloon.

Radio

With a background in radio, Dolan has stayed close to the medium in which his career began. Alongside the aforementioned C4 radio show, Dolan is a regular presenter on LBC radio and BBC London, as well as being a panellist on a wide variety of Radio 4 comedy shows including The Personality Test and the Jon Ronson Show.

Dolan has lent his voice to a range of television and radio programmes, including commercials. Dolan is currently developing I'm Here To Help! for TV, and recently finished the third series of Balls of Steel.

Dolan now presents a breakfast show on Fubar Radio, an uncensored radio station based in London.

Personal life

Dolan lives in Highgate with his wife and two sons. He supports Tottenham Hotspur.
Question:
‘Balls of ‘what’ is a UK television comedy series hosted by Mark Dolan?
Answer:
Steel
Passage:
Mark Haddon
Mark Haddon (born 26 September 1962) is an English novelist, best known for The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time (2003). He won the Whitbread Award, Guardian Prize, and a Commonwealth Writers Prize for his work.

Life and work

Haddon was born on 26 September 1962 in Northampton, England. He was educated at Uppingham School and Merton College, Oxford, where he studied English.

In 1987, Haddon wrote his first children’s book, Gilbert’s Gobstopper. This was followed by many other children’s books, which were often self-illustrated.

Haddon is also known for his series of Agent Z books, one of which, Agent Z and the Penguin from Mars,  was made into a 1996 Children's BBC sitcom. He also wrote the screenplay for the BBC television adaptation of Raymond Briggs's story Fungus the Bogeyman, screened on BBC1 in 2004.  In 2007 he wrote the BBC television drama Coming Down the Mountain.

In 2003, Haddon won the Whitbread Book of the Year Award—in the Novels rather than Children's Books category—for The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. He also won the Commonwealth Writers Prize in the Best First Book category, as The Curious Incident was considered his first written for adults; yet he also won the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, a once-in-a-lifetime award judged by a panel of children's writers. 

The Curious Incident is written from the perspective of a 15-year-old boy with Asperger syndrome. In an interview at Powells.com, Haddon claimed that this was the first book that he wrote intentionally for an adult audience; he was surprised when his publisher suggested marketing it to both adult and child audiences (it has been very successful with adults and children alike).  His second adult novel, A Spot of Bother, was published in September 2006.

His short story, "The Pier Falls", was longlisted for the 2015 Sunday Times EFG Private Bank Short Story Award, the richest prize in the world for a single short story. 

Personal life

Haddon is a vegetarian and enjoys vegetarian cookery. He describes himself as a "hard-line atheist".  

Haddon resides in Oxford with his wife Sos Eltis, a Fellow of Brasenose College, Oxford, and their two young sons.

Works 

Youth titles

*Gilbert's Gobstopper (1987)
*Toni and the Tomato Soup (1988)
*A Narrow Escape for Princess Sharon (1989)
*Agent Z Meets the Masked Crusader (1993)
*Titch Johnson, Almost World Champion (1993)
*Agent Z Goes Wild (1994)
*At Home
*At Playgroup
*In the Garden
*On Holiday
*Gridzbi Spudvetch! (1992)
*The Real Porky Phillips (1994)
*Agent Z and the Penguin from Mars (1995)
*The Sea of Tranquility (1996)
*Secret Agent Handbook
*Agent Z and the Killer Bananas (2001)
*Ocean Star Express (2001)
*The Ice Bear's Cave (2002)
*Boom! (An improved version of Gridsbi Spudvetch) (2009)

For adults

*The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time (2003)
*A Spot of Bother (2006)
*The Red House (novel) (2012)
*The Pier Falls and other stories (2016)

Poetry volume

*The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea
Question:
Which book by Mark Haddon was the Booker Prize winner in 2003?
Answer:
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time
Passage:
Liberty Stadium
The Liberty Stadium () is a sports stadium and conferencing venue located in the Landore area of Swansea, Wales. The stadium is all-seated. On opening, it had a capacity of 20,750, making it the largest purpose-built venue in Swansea; minor layout changes have since increased this.  It is the home stadium of Premier League club Swansea City and the Ospreys rugby team. As a result of Swansea City's promotion, the stadium became the first Premier League ground in Wales. The Liberty Stadium had the second smallest capacity of the 20 stadiums in the Premier League for the 2015–16 season after Bournemouth AFC's ground Dean Court.  It is the third largest stadium in Wales – after Millennium Stadium and Cardiff City Stadium. In European competition the stadium is known as Swansea Stadium due to advertising rights.

History

With the Vetch Field, St Helen's and The Gnoll  no longer being up-to-date venues to play at, and both the Swans and the Ospreys not having the necessary capital to invest into a new stadium, Swansea council and a developer-led consortia submitted a proposal for a sustainable 'bowl' venue for 20,520 seats on a site to the west of the River Tawe on the site of the Morfa Stadium, an athletics stadium owned by the City and County of Swansea council. It was funded by a 355,000 ft retail park on land to the east of the river. The final value of the development being in excess of £50m. 

On 10 July 2005, Liberty Stadium was opened and became the home to Swansea City (replacing the Vetch Field) and the Ospreys (replacing St Helen's and The Gnoll). On 23 July 2005, Liberty Stadium was officially opened as Swansea City faced Fulham, (then managed by former Swansea player Chris Coleman) in a friendly match.  The match ended in a 1–1 draw with the first goal being scored by Fulham's Steed Malbranque. Swansea's Marc Goodfellow scored during the game to level the match. 

Before a league match between Swansea City and Oldham Athletic in October 2005, a statue of Ivor Allchurch was unveiled to commemorate the Swansea-born star who during two spells for the club scored a record 164 goals in 445 appearances. 

The first capacity crowd recorded at Liberty Stadium was on the 1 November 2006 when The Ospreys beat Australia 24–16.  The stadium has hosted multiple Wales football internationals, listed below.

Seating at Liberty Stadium is often sold out during Swansea City football matches.  Swansea City have expressed a desire to have the capacity of the stadium increased and have held talks with Swansea Council during the 2011–2012 season for the future expansion of the Liberty Stadium which would be completed in a number of phases beginning with expansion or redevelopment of the east stand.  Plans for a new McDonald's fast food restaurant to be opened near the stadium threw expansion plans into doubt.  However, the planning application was withdrawn. 

In December 2013, it was reported by BBC News that the European Commission had requested details of the funding of the stadium, as part of a wider inquiry into state aid for sports clubs. 

At the start of the 2014–15 Premier League season, a number of changes were made to the stadium. These included two new 'Jumbotron' screens inside the north and south stands, measuring approximately 200 inches. Due to sponsorship by LG all televisions in food outlets and concourse were replaced by 50" LG TV screens and the south stand renamed The LG Stand. New advertising boards with a crowd facing side were also added.

Expansions planned would expand the stadium to 33,000 with another expansion upgrading stadium to above the 40,000 mark. Making it into consideration for Wales National Football Matches.

Naming

During its construction, a variety of names were suggested for it: most commonly used was "White Rock" stadium (after the copper works of the same name which existed on the site historically). However "White Rock" was only used as a temporary name during its construction and when work was finished, the name was dropped and the stadium owners began looking for sponsors for the stadium.  While sponsors were being searched for, it was called "New Stadium Swansea". On 18 October 2005, Swansea-based developers Liberty Properties Plc won the naming rights to call it "Liberty Stadium".  In UEFA matches, it is called Swansea Stadium   due to UEFA regulations on sponsorship.
On 8 May 2015 the stadium was renamed The Katie Phillips Stadium for one night only. 

International fixtures

The ground has also hosted seven Wales international football fixtures. The results were as follows.

Other uses

Concerts

Politics

In April 2014, the stadium held a UK Independence Party conference. 

Statistics and average attendances

*Stadium capacity: 20,972
*Record attendance: 20,972 vs Liverpool, 1 May 2016
*First international game held: Wales v Slovenia, 17 August 2005.

Gallery

File:Liberty Stadium rugby.jpg
File:Liberty Stadium interior - 1.jpg
File:Liberty Stadium interior - 2.jpg
File:Liberty Stadium interior - 3.jpg
File:Ivor Allchurch.JPG
File:Robbie James Wall of Fame.JPG
File:Kings of Leon, Swansea.jpg

Public Transport
Question:
Which Rugby Union team plays home games at the Liberty Stadium in Swansea?
Answer:
Ospreys RFC
Passage:
Cheroot
The cheroot is a cylindrical cigar with both ends clipped during manufacture. Since cheroots do not taper, they are inexpensive to roll mechanically, and their low cost makes them popular.

The word cheroot comes from French cheroute, from Tamil curuttu/churuttu/shuruttu (சுருட்டு)- roll of tobacco. This word could have been absorbed into the French language from Tamil during the 18th century, when the French were trying to stamp their presence in South India. The word could have then been absorbed into English from French.[http://www.wmich.edu/dialogues/themes/indianwords.htm#links Etymology of Selected Words of Indian Language Origin]

Asia

Cheroots are traditional in Burma and India, consequently, popular among the British during the days of the British Empire. They are often associated with Burma in literature:

Apparently, Cheroot smoking was also associated with resistance against tropical disease in India. Verrier Elwin wrote in a foreword (1957) to Leaves from the Jungle: Life in a Gond Village,

Most likely the cheroot's aroma, by sticking to the skin and hiding the scent of sweat, which draws mosquitoes, contributed to making the smoker less of a target for their bites.

Although a cheroot is defined as cylindrical, home-rolled cheroots in Burma are sometimes conical.
Question:
A cheroot is a type of what?
Answer:
Parejo
Passage:
Jim Carey (ice hockey)
James M. Carey (born May 31, 1974) is a retired American ice hockey goaltender who played for the Washington Capitals, Boston Bruins, and St. Louis Blues in the NHL. Carey was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts, but grew up in Weymouth, Massachusetts.

Playing career

Carey debuted his hockey career in college with the Wisconsin Badgers in 1992. Jim Carey was the highest drafted goalie in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft, taken in the 2nd round, 32nd overall by the Washington Capitals. Before coming to Washington, Carey played in the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships in 1993 and played in the AHL with the Portland Pirates. In Portland, Carey took home numerous individual awards including the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award as the top rookie in the AHL and the Aldege "Baz" Bastien Memorial Award for top netminder in the AHL. He was also selected to the First All-Star Team.

In 1995, Carey made his NHL debut in Washington and went undefeated in his first seven games. He would finish the season with an 18-6-3 record and was selected to the NHL All-Rookie Team. This early success promoted him to Washington's starting goalie the following season - his best in the NHL. He played in 71 games, won 35, recorded 9 shutouts, and finished with a GAA of 2.26. He won the Vezina Trophy for his efforts and was selected to the NHL First All-Star Team. The next fall, Carey was the backup to goalie Mike Richter on Team USA in the World Cup of Hockey. The United States would win gold by beating Team Canada in three games.

In 1997, he was traded midway through the season to the Boston Bruins in a blockbuster deal. Carey would never find his true form again in Boston and was sent down to the minors a year later with the Providence Bruins in the AHL. Carey signed on as a free agent at the end of the season with the St. Louis Blues and played four games before deciding he had had enough of hockey.

Because of Carey's name's similarity to that of actor Jim Carrey, his nicknames were The Mask, Ace, and eventually Net Detective (the latter two being a play on Carrey's 1994 film Ace Ventura: Pet Detective).

Life after the NHL

Carey is the CEO and President of OptiMED Billing Solutions, Inc., a medical billing company, based out of Sarasota, Florida and Boston.

Awards and honors

*Named WCHA Rookie of the Year in 1993.
*Selected to the AHL First All-Star Team in 1995.
*Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award winner in 1995.
*Aldege "Baz" Bastien Memorial Award winner in 1995.
*Selected as Rookie of the Year by Hockey Star Presents in 1995.
*Rated #19 in "The Top 50 Netminders in Pro Hockey" by Hockey Star Presents in 1995.
*Selected to the NHL All-Rookie Team in 1995.
*Selected to the NHL First All-Star Team in 1996.
*Vezina Trophy winner in 1996.
*Inducted into the Portland Pirates Hall of Fame in 2008.

Washington Capitals records

*Career lowest GAA (2.37).
*Lowest GAA in a single season (2.13 in 1995)
*Tied for most penalty minutes in a playoff season (4 in 1995).
*Tied for most shutouts in a single season (9 in 1996).

Transactions

*June 20, 1992 – Drafted in the 2nd round, 32nd overall by the Washington Capitals in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft
*March 1, 1997 – Traded by the Washington Capitals with Jason Allison, Anson Carter, and the Capitals' 3rd round selection (Lee Goren) in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft to the Boston Bruins for Adam Oates, Bill Ranford, and Rick Tocchet
*March 1, 1999 – Signed by the St. Louis Blues

Career statistics

Regular season

Playoffs

International
Question:
In which 1994 film does Jim Carey play the part of 'Stanley Ipkiss'?
Answer:
M.A.S.K. (TV series)
Passage:
The Absence of War
The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare, the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain. The play premiered in 1993 at the Royal National Theatre, London, England. 

The play is based on his behind the scenes observations of the Labour Party leadership during their unsuccessful General Election campaign of 1992.

The central character, party leader George Jones, is so smothered and constricted by his cautious advisers that eventually none of the great talents that brought him to prominence are visible to the public.
Question:
Which British playwright wrote the works Absence of War , Racing Demons and Teeth 'N' Smiles ?
Answer:
David Hare
Passage:
All Star Comics
All Star Comics is a comic book series from All-American Publications, one of two companies that merged with National Periodical Publications to form the modern-day DC Comics. While the series' cover-logo trademark reads All Star Comics, its copyrighted title as indicated by postal indicia is All-Star Comics.  With the exception of the first two issues, All Star Comics told stories about the adventures of the Justice Society of America, the first team of superheroes, and introduced Wonder Woman.

Original series

The original concept for All Star Comics was an anthology title containing the most popular series from the other anthology titles published by both All-American Publications and National Comics. 

All Star Comics #1 (cover-dated Summer 1940) contained superhero stories that included All-American's Golden Age Flash, Hawkman, Ultra-Man, as well as National's Hour-Man, Spectre, and Sandman. The adventure strip "Biff Bronson" and the comedy-adventure "Red, White, and Blue" also premiered with the Summer 1940 cover date.

Issue #3 (Winter 1940-1941)   depicted the first meeting of the Justice Society of America, with its members swapping stories of their exploits which were subsequently illustrated in the comic's array of solo adventures. In addition to the Flash, Hawkman, Hour-Man, the Spectre, and the Sandman were Doctor Fate from National's More Fun Comics; and the Green Lantern and the Atom from All-American's flagship title All-American Comics.   The Justice Society of America (JSA) was originally a frame story used to present an anthology of solo stories about the individual characters, with each story handled by a different artist. Comic historian Les Daniels noted, "this was obviously a great notion, since it offered readers a lot of headliners for a dime, and also the fun of watching fan favorites interact."  The anthology format was dropped in 1947 and replaced with full issue stories featuring the heroes teaming up to fight crime.

All Star Comics 8 (January 1942) featured the first appearance of Wonder Woman in an eight-page story written by William Moulton Marston, under the pen name of "Charles Moulton" with art by H. G. Peter.  The insert story was included to test reader interest in the Wonder Woman concept. It generated enough positive fan response that Wonder Woman would be awarded the lead feature in the Sensation Comics anthology title starting from issue #1.  That same issue saw the induction of Doctor Mid-Nite and Starman as members of the Justice Society as well. Starting with issue #11, Wonder Woman would appear in All Star Comics as a member of the Justice Society as their secretary. 

With issue #34 (April–May 1947), Gardner Fox left the series and a new super-villain, the Wizard,  was introduced. The Injustice Society first battled the JSA in issue #37 in a tale written by Robert Kanigher.   The Black Canary guest starred in issue #38 and joined the team three issues later in #41.  

All Star Comics  increased its frequency from a quarterly to a bimonthly publication schedule, and the JSA lasted through March 1951 with issue #57 in a story titled "The Mystery of the Vanishing Detectives". 

Superhero comics slumped in the early 1950s, and All Star Comics was renamed All-Star Western in 1951 with issue #58.  In this issue, the "Justice Society of America" feature was replaced by Western heroes. 

Artwork from an unpublished All Star Comics story titled "The Will of William Wilson" survived and was reprinted in various publications from TwoMorrows Publishing. 

Revivals

1976 revival series

In 1976, the name All Star Comics was resurrected for a series portraying the modern-day adventures of the JSA. The new series dismissed the numbering from All-Star Western and continued the original numbering, premiering with All-Star Comics #58. Starting with issue #66, a hyphen was added to the title and the words "All-Star Comics" became a much smaller part of the cover; while the words "Justice Society" became much larger. The 1970s series introduced the new characters Power Girl   and the Helena Wayne version of the Huntress.  This series ran for seventeen issues before it was abruptly canceled with issue #74  as part of the DC Implosion and the JSA's adventures were folded into Adventure Comics. 

After 23-year-old Gerry Conway became an editor at DC Comics, long-time JSA-fan Roy Thomas suggested to Conway that the JSA be given their own title again. Conway offered Thomas a chance to ghostwrite an issue of the revived All-Star Comics, but he declined as Thomas was under an exclusive contract with Marvel Comics at the time.  However, in 1981 Thomas moved to DC and was able to work with the characters. 

Subsequent revivals

A two-issue All-Star Comics series was published as a part of the "Justice Society Returns" storyline in May 1999. 

Collected editions

* All Star Comics Archives:
** Volume 0 collects #1-2, 144 pages, March 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0791-X
** Volume 1 collects #3-6, 272 pages, 1992, ISBN 1-5638-9019-4
** Volume 2 collects #7-10, 256 pages, 1993, ISBN 0-9302-8912-9
** Volume 3 collects #11-14, 240 pages, November 1997, ISBN 1-5638-9370-3
** Volume 4 collects #15-18, 224 pages, December 1998, ISBN 1-5638-9433-5
** Volume 5 collects #19-23, 224 pages, December 1999, ISBN 1-5638-9497-1
** Volume 6 collects #24-28, 240 pages, October 2000, ISBN 1-5638-9636-2
** Volume 7 collects #29-33, 216 pages, July 2001, ISBN 1-5638-9720-2
** Volume 8 collects #34-38, 208 pages, August 2002, ISBN 1-5638-9812-8
** Volume 9 collects #39-43, 192 pages, August 2003, ISBN 1-4012-0001-X
** Volume 10 collects #44-49, 216 pages, August 2004, ISBN 1-4012-0159-8
** Volume 11 collects #50-57, 276 pages, March 2005, ISBN 1-4012-0403-1
* Justice Society
** Volume 1 collects #58-67 and DC Special #29, 224 pages, August 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0970-X
** Volume 2 collects #68-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 224 pages, February 2007, ISBN 1-4012-1194-1
* Showcase Presents: All-Star Comics collects issues #58-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 448 pages, September 2011, ISBN 1-4012-3303-1

Millennium Edition

In 2000 and 2001, DC Comics reprinted several of its most notable issues in the Millennium Edition series. All Star Comics #3 and #8 were reprinted in this format.
Question:
She and her alto egofirst appeared in 1941 in 'All Star Comics', the creation of Chester Gould. Who is she?
Answer:
Wonder-woman
Passage:
Confluence
In geography, a confluence is the meeting of two or more bodies of water. Also known as a conflux,  it refers either to the point where a tributary joins a larger river, called the main stem, or where two streams meet to become the source of a river of a new name, such as the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania creating the Ohio River.

The term is also used to describe the meeting of tidal or other non-riverine bodies of water, such as two canals  or a canal and a lake.Engineers in New Orleans refer to the confluence of the 17th Street Canal and Lake Pontchartrain. See:    A one-mile (1.6 km) portion of the Industrial Canal in New Orleans accommodates the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet Canal; therefore those three waterways are confluent there.

Notable confluences

* Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, Canada is at the confluence of the Niagara River and Lake Ontario.
* The junction of the Green River and Colorado River forms the heart of Canyonlands National Park in Utah's Canyon Country.
* The Sangam, near Allahabad, India, where the sacred rivers Ganges and Yamuna meet to create one of the holiest places in Hinduism.
* The Ohio River is formed by the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
* The Madison, Jefferson and Gallatin Rivers in Three Forks, Montana form the confluence of the Missouri River, one of the longest rivers in the United States (2,341 miles (3,767 km)).
* Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia, is at the confluence of the Gombak River (previously known as Sungai Lumpur, which means muddy river) and the Klang River.
* Passau known also as the Dreiflüssestadt (City of Three Rivers), because the Danube River is joined there by the Inn River from the South, and the Ilz River coming out of the Bavarian Forest to the North.
*Manaus, Brazil is on the Rio Negro near its confluence with the Amazon (see Meeting of Waters). It is the chief port and a hub for the region's extensive river system.
* Osijek, Croatia, is on the right bank of the river Drava 25 km upstream of its confluence with the Danube.
*Belgrade, the capital of Serbia lies at the confluence of the Sava and Danube Rivers.
*The Hochelaga Archipelago, including the island and city of Montreal, is located at the confluence of the St. Lawrence River and Ottawa River in Quebec, Canada.
* The two largest rivers in Australia, the Darling and the Murray converge at Wentworth, New South Wales
* Rovaniemi, the capital of Finnish Lapland and one of the largest towns above the Arctic Circle, is at the confluence of rivers Ounasjoki and Kemijoki.
* Winnipeg, Canada, is at the confluence of the Red River, and the Assiniboine River.  The area is referred to as The Forks by locals, and has been an important trade location for over 6000 years.
* The confluence of the rivers Danube and Morava in Devín on the border between Slovakia and Austria.
* Triangle of Three Emperors, former tripoint in Europe.
* Cairo, Illinois, in the United States, where the Ohio River flows into the Mississippi River.
* St. Louis, Missouri, is built just south of the confluence of the Mississippi River and the Missouri River.
* Lyon, France is located on the confluence of the Saône and Rhone rivers.
* The confluence between the Franklin River and Gordon River in south-western Tasmania
* The confluence of the Snake and Columbia River at the Tri-Cities of Washington.
* The confluence of the rivers Pivka and Rak is one of the largest subterranean confluences in Europe. 
* The confluence at Lokoja, Nigeria, where the Niger and Benue rivers merge.
* The Sudanese capital of Khartoum, located at the confluence of the White Nile and the Blue Nile.  This merging point is the beginning of the Nile.
* Columbus, Ohio, in the United States is at the confluence of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers.
* Luang Prabang in Laos is at the confluence of the Mekong and Nam Khan rivers.
* River Kabul and River Swat at Attock, in Pakistan.
* 82 km north of Al-Basra in Iraq, at the town of Al-Qurnah is the confluence of the rivers Tigris and Euphrates forming Shatt al-Arab.
* Portland, Oregon is at the confluence of the Columbia River and the Willamette River.
* Harpers Ferry, West Virginia is located where the Shenandoah River flows into the Potomac River.
* Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine is located (and named after) on the confluence of the Saksahan and Inhulets River.
Question:
Which European capital city lies at the confluence of the rivers Danube and Sava?
Answer:
Capital of Serbia and Montenegro
Passage:
Touching the Void (film)
Touching the Void is a 2003 documentary based on the book of the same name by Joe Simpson about Simpson's and Simon Yates' disastrous and near fatal attempt to climb Siula Grande (6,344 m) in the Cordillera Huayhuash in the Peruvian Andes in 1985.

Critically acclaimed, it was listed in the PBS' 100 "Greatest" Documentaries of All Time. The Guardian described it as "the most successful documentary in British cinema history". 

Synopsis 

Both climbers successfully reach the summit of the previously unclimbed West Face of Siula Grande in Peru. Joe is injured during the descent after falling, resulting in a badly broken leg. The pair decide to lower Joe with the help of ropes on the steep snowy slope, while an enormous storm rages on. Simon cannot see where he is lowering Joe and Joe eventually drops off a cliff and is suspended by the rope in mid-air. Simon arrests his fall, but neither sees the predicament his partner is in nor hears him, due to the severity of the storm.

After about an hour, Simon realizes that there is little chance of recovery from this situation for either of them and he makes the decision to cut Joe's rope. After surviving a subzero and stormy night on the mountain, Simon descends, but cannot find his partner.
He decides his partner is dead, and returns to the base camp alone, where he stays to recover.

Joe, who survived the fall but fell into a large crevasse, manages to lower himself further into the dark abyss despite his broken leg and find an exit leading to the base of the mountain. He then spends days crawling across glacier and rocks with his broken leg and other injuries. Exhausted and almost completely delirious, he reached base camp only a few hours before Simon intended to leave the base camp and return to civilization.

Production 

The film stars Brendan Mackey as Joe Simpson, Nicholas Aaron as Simon Yates and Ollie Ryall as Richard Hawking, and combines documentary footage of interviews conducted with Simpson, Yates and Richard Hawking. For the film's few Peru segments, Simpson and Yates doubled as their younger selves for long-distance shots of the snow-fluted couloirs of Siula Grande.  The film was directed by Kevin MacDonald.

When they collaborated on the film in 2003, Simpson and Yates had not seen one another for 10 years. 

Responses 

During the making of the film, the director and producers invited Simon Yates and Joe Simpson to return to Siula Grande in 2002 for the first time since the events of 1985. Simpson, despite finding the return emotionally difficult and experiencing post traumatic stress syndrome on his return, eventually said that he was happy with the film and its portrayal of the events. Yates, on the other hand, reported having no emotional response to returning to Siula Grande, and decided to have nothing to do with the film once he had returned from the mountain. 

According to the film's end notes Yates received much criticism from some mountaineers for cutting the rope during the descent after the story of what happened to Simpson and Yates returned to England. Simpson has deeply accepted that Yates did the right thing and practically saved his life, and has always defended him on that matter.

The film received positive reviews with 93% positives critics in Rotten Tomatoes.

Awards 

Touching the Void won Best British Film at the BAFTA awards in 2004. 

The film was not nominated for a Best Feature Documentary Academy Award.  Peter Knegt at the industry trade journal Indiewire calls it one of "10 incredible documentaries that weren't nominated for an Oscar". 

The BBC1's Film 2011 included Brendan Mackey's performance as Joe Simpson in their Top Five "Should Have Won An Oscar", along with Ingrid Bergman (for Casablanca), Anthony Perkins (for Psycho), Ralph Fiennes (for Schindler's List) and Jeff Bridges (for The Big Lebowski). 

Box office 

The film was released on 23 January 2004 and grossed $96,973 in the opening weekend. It  went on to gross $4,593,598 in America and $9,292,204 from foreign markets for a worldwide total of $13,885,802 after 20 weeks. 

Music 

Original music for the film was scored by Alex Heffes. The climbers reach the summit to the climax of Thomas Tallis's Spem in alium. During one of Simpson's many deliriums, he experiences a very strong reminiscence of a Boney M song he hated thoroughly, "Brown Girl in the Ring"; at one point thinking "Bloody hell, I'm going to die to Boney M".
Question:
The 2003 documentary drama ‘Touching the Void’ recounts the story of two mountaineers on which mountain range?
Answer:
The Andes
Passage:
Joaquín Cortés
Joaquín Pedraja Reyes "Joaquín Cortés" (born 22 February 1969) is a Spanish classically trained ballet and flamenco dancer.

Biography

Joaquin Cortés is a Spanish flamenco dancer. A native of Córdoba, Cortés showed interest in dancing from an early age. Cortés and his family moved to Madrid in 1981. Soon after moving to Madrid, he began to take formal dancing lessons and studying seriously.

In 1984, he was accepted as a member of Spanish prestigious national ballet company. He traveled the world with the Spanish National Ballet, performing in important venues such as the Metropolitan Opera House (Lincoln Center) of New York and the Kremlin Palace in Moscow. During his stint with the Spanish National Ballet, he also became a principal solo performer known for his phenomenal stamina and athleticism.

Desiring more creative control, Cortés formed the Joaquín Cortés Flamenco Ballet company and launched his first international tour 'Cibayí' in 1992. The formation of Cortés' own company allowed him to diverge from purist ballet and create his own fusion of flamenco, ballet and modern dance. In 1995, in addition to being featured in two international films- 'La flor de mi secreto' (The Flower of My Secret) and Carlos Saura's 'Flamenco', Joaquín Cortés embarked on what is often considered his most successful venture, 'Pasión Gitana' (Gypsy Passion). 'Pasión Gitana' marked the beginning of Cortés' recognition for not only his prowess as a dancer, but also as a choreographer and artistic director. In 1999 Cortés was the subject of a documentary film and he launched a successful tour of 'Soul' across North and South America. In the 1990s Joaquín Cortés gained notoriety for his close relationships with high-profile celebrities such as Naomi Campbell, Giorgio Armani and Mira Sorvino.

Continuing into the millennium, Cortés' focus shifted from dancing to choreography and artistic direction. He continues to dance in a limited capacity live on stage, in film and television. In 2000, landed a role in the film 'Gitano' (Gypsy) and again in 2004 in 'Vaniglia e cioccolato' (Vanilla and Chocolate). In 2001, he also made a guest appearance on Jennifer Lopez's concert in Puerto Rico. In 2004, Cortés was involved in the international tour of 'De Amor y Odio' that took him to England, Portugal, Thailand and New York, among other places. 2007 marked the beginning of Joaquín Cortés most recent spectacle, 'Mi Soledad.' On 15 May 2007 he performed as a guest dancer in a high-profile semi-final segment on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars."

Cortes is also the visual inspiration for the character Vamp from the Metal Gear video game series.

Shows

* Cibayí
* Pasión Gitana
* Soul
* Live
* De Amor y Odio
* Mi Soledad
* Unleashed (2009)

Filmography

* La flor de mi secreto (1995) — Antonio
* Flamenco (1995) — himself
* Gitano (2000) — Andres Heredia
* Vaniglia e Cioccolato (2004) — Carlos
Question:
Flamenco dancer Joaquin Cortes hit the headlines in 1996 over his relationship with which supermodel?
Answer:
Naomi Campbell
Passage:
Limehouse Declaration
The Limehouse Declaration was a statement issued on 25 January 1981 by four senior British Labour politicians, all MPs or former MPs and Cabinet Ministers: Roy Jenkins, David Owen, Bill Rodgers and Shirley Williams.   It became known as the Limehouse Declaration as it was made from David Owen's London home in Limehouse.

In this document the so-called 'Gang of Four' signalled their intent to leave the Labour Party and form a Council for Social Democracy, as they felt the party had been taken over by the left-wing members.  This Council became the basis for the British Social Democratic Party (SDP).

The Gang of Four 

The Gang of Four was made up of:
Question:
The Limehouse Declaration, issued on 25th January 1981, effectively launched which UK political party?
Answer:
Socialist right
Passage:
Bellini (cocktail)
A Bellini cocktail is a mixture of Prosecco sparkling wine and peach purée or nectar. This cocktail originated in Venice, Italy.

History

The Bellini was invented sometime between 1934 and 1948    by Giuseppe Cipriani, founder of Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy. He named the drink the Bellini because its unique pink color reminded him of the toga of a saint in a painting by 15th-century Venetian artist Giovanni Bellini. 

The drink started as a seasonal specialty at Harry's Bar, a favorite haunt of Ernest Hemingway, Sinclair Lewis and Orson Welles. Later, it also became popular at the bar's New York counterpart. After an entrepreneurial Frenchman set up a business to ship fresh white peach purée to both locations, it became a year-round favorite.

The Bellini is an IBA Official Cocktail. They also suggest a Puccini, replacing the peach purée with an equal amount of mandarin juice, a Rossini, which uses strawberry purée, or a Tintoretto, which is made with pomegranate juice.

Preparation and serving

The Bellini consists of puréed white peaches and Prosecco, an Italian sparkling wine. Marinating fresh peaches in wine is an Italian tradition. The original recipe was made with a bit of raspberry or cherry juice to give the drink a pink glow. Due, in part, to the limited availability of both white peaches and Prosecco, several variations exist.

California produces a white peach that works well,  and yellow peaches or peach nectar can be substituted, especially if peaches are out of season and the flavor would be very bland. Other fruits or even flavoured liqueurs (peach schnapps, for example) are sometimes substituted for the peach purée.

The Cipriani family produces Bellini Base  for the signature cocktail of the Harry's Bar restaurants.

Other sparkling wines are commonly used in place of Prosecco, though richly flavored French champagne does not pair well with the light, fruity flavor of the Bellini. For a non-alcoholic version, sparkling juice or seltzer is used in place of the wine.
Question:
Which fruit juice is added to champagne to make a Bellini cocktail?
Answer:
Peacherine
Passage:
Taklamakan Desert
The Taklamakan Desert (, Xiao'erjing: تَاكْلامَاقًا شَاموْ; ; ), also spelt "Taklimakan" and "Teklimakan", is a desert in southwest Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, northwest China. It is bounded by the Kunlun Mountains to the south, the Pamir Mountains and Tian Shan (ancient Mount Imeon) to the west and north, and the Gobi Desert to the east.

The name may be an Areeb Uyghur borrowing of the Arabic tark, "to leave alone/out/behind, relinquish, abandon" + makan, "place".   Another plausible explanation suggests  it is derived from Turki taqlar makan, describing "the place of ruins".  

Geography

The Taklamakan Desert has an area of 337000 km2,  making it slightly smaller than Germany, and includes the Tarim Basin, which is 1000 km long and 400 km wide. It is crossed at its northern and at its southern edge by two branches of the Silk Road as travellers sought to avoid the arid wasteland. 
It is the world's second largest shifting sand desert with about 85% made up of shifting sand dunes  ranking 16th in size in a ranking of the world's largest deserts. 

Some geographers and ecologists prefer to regard the Taklamakan Desert as separate and independent from the Gobi Desert region to its east. 

The People's Republic of China has constructed a cross-desert highway that links the cities of Hotan (on the southern edge) and Luntai (on the northern edge).  In recent years, the desert has expanded in some areas, its sands enveloping farms and villages as a result of desertification.

Climate

Because it lies in the rain shadow of the Himalayas,Taklamakan is a paradigmatic cold desert climate. Given its relative proximity with the cold to frigid air masses in Siberia, extreme lows are recorded in wintertime, sometimes well below . During the 2008 Chinese winter storms episode, the Taklamakan was reported to be covered for the first time in its entirety with a thin layer of snow reaching 4 cm, with a temperature of  in some observatories.

Its extreme inland position, virtually in the very heartland of Asia and thousands of kilometres from any open body of water, accounts for the cold character of its nights even during summertime.

Oasis

The Taklamakan Desert has very little water; therefore it is hazardous to cross. Merchant caravans on the Silk Road would stop for relief at the thriving oasis towns.  It was in close proximity to many of the ancient civilisations — to the Northwest is the Amu Darya basin, to the southwest the Afghanistan mountain passes lead to Iran and India, to the east is China, and even to the north ancient towns such as Almaty can be found.

The key oasis towns, watered by rainfall from the mountains, were Kashgar, Marin, Niya, Yarkand, and Khotan (Hetian) to the south, Kuqa and Turpan in the north, and Loulan and Dunhuang in the east. Now, many, such as Marin and Gaochang, are ruined cities in sparsely inhabited areas in the Xinjiang Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. 

The archaeological treasures found in its sand-buried ruins point to Tocharian, early Hellenistic, Indian, and Buddhist influences. Its treasures and dangers have been vividly described by Aurel Stein, Sven Hedin, Albert von Le Coq, and Paul Pelliot. 
Mummies, some 4000 years old, have been found in the region. 

Later, the Taklamakan was inhabited by Turkic peoples. Starting with the Tang Dynasty, the Chinese periodically extended their control to the oasis cities of the Taklamakan Desert in order to control the important silk route trade across Central Asia. Periods of Chinese rule were interspersed with rule by Turkic, Mongol and Tibetan peoples. The present population consists largely of Turkic Uyghur people. 

In popular culture

The desert is the main scene for Chinese film series Painted Skin and Painted Skin: The Resurrection.

The desert has been also mentioned in Japanese manga The Doraemons, as the gang travels to the desert finding the missing "Mirage Kingdom".
Question:
Where is the 337,000 km2 Taklamakan Desert?
Answer:
Chinese People's Republic
Passage:
Rainbow nation
Rainbow nation is a term coined by Archbishop Desmond Tutu to describe post-apartheid South Africa, after South Africa's first fully democratic election in 1994.

The phrase was elaborated upon by President Nelson Mandela in his first month of office, when he proclaimed: "Each of us is as intimately attached to the soil of this beautiful country as are the famous jacaranda trees of Pretoria and the mimosa trees of the bushveld – a rainbow nation at peace with itself and the world.." 

Symbolic identity 

The term was intended to encapsulate the unity of multi-culturalism and the coming-together of people of many different nations, in a country once identified with the strict division of white and black.

In a series of televised appearances, Tutu spoke of the "Rainbow People of God".  As a cleric, this metaphor drew upon the Old Testament story of Noah's Flood, and its ensuing rainbow of peace.
Within South African indigenous cultures, the rainbow is associated with hope and a bright future (as in Xhosa culture).

The secondary metaphor the rainbow allows is more political. Unlike the primary metaphor, the room for different cultural interpretations of the colour spectrum is slight. Whether the rainbow has Newton's seven colours, or five of the Nguni (i.e., Xhosa and Zulu) cosmology, the colours are not taken literally to represent particular cultural groups.

Rainbow influence 

Rainbow nation, as a spoken metaphor for South African unity is uniquely (although not deliberately) represented by the South African flag, which sports 6 different colours.

Rainbowism 

South African political commentators have been known to speculate on "rainbowism", whereby true domestic issues such as the legacy of racism, crime, and the like are glossed over and "sugar-coated" by the cover of rainbow peace. South African politician, academic, and noted poet Jeremy Cronin cautions:
Question:
"Who first uttered the phrase ""Rainbow Nation” in 1994?"
Answer:
Desmond Mpilo Tutu
Passage:
Place Charles de Gaulle
The Place Charles de Gaulle, historically known as the Place de l'Étoile, is a large road junction in Paris, France, the meeting point of twelve straight avenues (hence its historic name, which translates as "Square of the Star") including the Champs-Élysées. It was renamed in 1970 following the death of General and President Charles de Gaulle.  It is still often referred to by its original name, and the nearby metro station retains the designation Charles de Gaulle – Étoile.

Paris Axe historique ("historical axis") cuts through the Arc de Triomphe, which stands at the centre of the Place de l'Étoile.

History

The original name of the area was the Butte Chaillot ("Chaillot mound", named after the locality). At the time it was the point of convergence of several hunting trails. The Marquis de Marigny constructed monumental roadworks, completed in 1777, on the mound when he was establishing the plantations along the Champs Élysées. This work included paving of the road in the form of a star, as it still exists today. The junction became known as the Place de l'Étoile.  There is no pedestrian access to the Arc de Triomphe from any of the twelve avenues as there is constant movement of automobile traffic on and around the road junction, but an underpass is accessible to the Arc de Triomphe.

In 1787, during the construction of the Farmers-General Wall (Mur des Fermiers généraux), la Barrière de l'Étoile (also known as the Barrière de Neuilly) was built to the design of Claude Nicolas Ledoux for the collection of the octroi tax at the entrance to Paris. The wall and the two buildings built on either side of the Place de l'Étoile were demolished in the nineteenth century.

The modern Place de l'Étoile and the avenues radiating from it were created during the Second Empire of Napoleon III as part of Haussmann's renovation of Paris. 

Description

The twelve avenues, clockwise from the north, are the following:

# Avenue de Wagram, thus called since the Second French Empire, and boulevard de l'Étoile or boulevard Bezons before
# Avenue Hoche: avenue de la Reine-Hortense during the Second Empire and boulevard Monceau before
# Avenue de Friedland since the Second Empire and boulevard Beaujon before
# Avenue des Champs-Élysées
# Avenue Marceau: avenue Joséphine during the Second Empire
# Avenue d'Iéna
# Avenue Kléber: avenue du Roi-de-Rome during the Second Empire and boulevard de Passy before
# Avenue Victor Hugo: avenue d'Eylau during the Second Empire and avenue de Saint-Cloud before
# Avenue Foch: avenue du Bois (de Boulogne) during the  Third Republic and avenue de l'Impératrice during the Second Empire
# Avenue de la Grande-Armée during the Second Empire and avenue de Neuilly before
# Avenue Carnot: avenue d'Essling during the Second Empire
# Avenue Mac-Mahon: avenue du Prince-Jérôme during the Second Empire

The place is symmetrical and thus has six axes:

# Axis avenue Mac-Mahon and avenue d'Iéna
# Axis avenue de Wagram and avenue Kléber
# Axis avenue Hoche and avenue Victor-Hugo
# Axis avenue de Friedland and avenue Foch
# Axis avenue des Champs-Élysées and avenue de la Grande-Armée: which is the axe historique of Paris
# Axis avenue Marceau and avenue Carnot

The Place de l'Étoile (as well as the Arc de Triomphe) is split between the 8th, 16th and the 17th arrondissements of Paris:

* 8th: area between avenue de Wagram and avenue Marceau
* 16th: area between avenue Marceau and avenue de la Grande-Armée
* 17th: area between avenue de la Grande Armée and avenue de Wagram

The square is surrounded by two streets forming a circle around it: the rue de Presbourg and the rue de Tilsitt which have been so named since 1864, after diplomatic successes of Napoleon I which led to the signing of the Treaty of Presbourg in 1805 and the Treaties of Tilsit in 1807.

Literature

La Place de l'étoile is the title of a novel by French writer Patrick Modiano.

Transportation

(Métro and RER)
Question:
Situated in Paris, what was the original name of the ‘Place Charles de Gaulle’?
Answer:
Place Charles de Gaulle
Passage:
Saltmarket
The Saltmarket is a thoroughfare in the City of Glasgow, Scotland. It is a southward continuation of the High Street, running south from Glasgow Cross to the junction with Clyde Street and Crown Street by the River Clyde. It runs past the High Court of Glasgow and also Glasgow Green.  Along with the High Street and Crown Street it forms part of the A8.

History

Originally named Waulcergait, the area was associated with wool production, in particular the fulling (Scots waulking) of the cloth. In the 18th century it became a fashionable residential district, close to the Merchant City.

The High Court of Justiciary buildings were constructed in 1814, but largely rebuilt in 1910–1913, with only the portico of the earlier building retained. It is now a category A listed building.  Across the road is the McLennan Arch, which dates to 1796, but was moved to its present site in 1992. 

In 1845 the City Theatre was opened on the Saltmarket, on a site next to the Courts.  It burned to the ground just five months later, followed a month after that by Cooke's Circus next door.  Later in the 19th century the Saltmarket became a notorious slum, with many illicit bars. In the early 20th century, the City Improvement Trust undertook clearance of the slums, building new tenements along Saltmarket, as well as new public houses.   Further renewal of the area took place in the 2000s.
Question:
Which British city has thoroughfares called Saltmarket, Candleriggs, and Trongate?
Answer:
The West End of Glasgow, Glasgow, United Kingdom
