Passage:
1000+ images about HMS VANGUARD on Pinterest | Battleship ...
1000+ images about HMS VANGUARD on Pinterest | King george, Portsmouth and To the
HMS Vanguard, Britain's last battleship, launched in 1944 and broken up for scrap in 1960.
See More
Question:
What was the name of Britain's last battleship, broken up in 1960?
Answer:
HMS VANGUARD
Passage:
Hever Castle
Hever Castle is located in the village of Hever, Kent, near  Edenbridge, 30 mi south-east of London, England. It began as a country house, built in the 13th century. From 1462 to 1539 it was the seat of the Boleyn, originally 'Bullen', family. 

Anne Boleyn, the second queen consort of King Henry VIII of England, spent her early youth there, after her father, Thomas Boleyn had inherited it in 1505. He had been born there in 1477, and the castle passed to him upon the death of his father, Sir William Boleyn. It later came into the possession of King Henry's fourth wife, Anne of Cleves. In the 21st century the castle is a tourist attraction.

History

There have been three main periods in the construction of this historic castle. The oldest part of the castle dates to 1270 and consisted of the gatehouse and a walled bailey. The second period was when the castle, then in need of repair, was converted into a manor in 1462 by Geoffrey Boleyn, younger brother of Thomas Boleyn, Master of Gonville Hall, Cambridge. He added a Tudor dwelling within the walls. The third period of repair and renovation was in the 20th century when it was acquired by William Waldorf Astor.  
 
Geoffrey's grandson, Thomas Boleyn, inherited the castle in 1505. He lived there with his wife Lady Elizabeth Howard and their children George, Mary and Anne (the future wife of Henry VIII). It is not known if Anne was born at Hever (the year of her birth is not certain) but she lived there until she was sent to the Netherlands in 1513 to receive an education at the court of the Archduchess Margaret.

Henry VIII often used the nearby Bolebroke Castle to conduct his courtship with Anne.  

The property came into the possession of Henry VIII after the death of Anne's father, Thomas Boleyn, in 1539. He bestowed it upon Anne of Cleves in 1540 as part of the settlement following the annulment of their marriage.  Hever Castle still has one of Henry's private locks, taken with him on his various visits to noblemen's houses and fitted to every door for his security. 

The building subsequently passed through various owners, including the Waldegrave family in 1557 and the Meade Waldo family from 1749 to 1903.  During this latter period of ownership the castle fell into a poor state of repair, during which time it was leased to various private tenants. In 1903 it was acquired and restored by the American millionaire William Waldorf Astor, who used it as a family residence.  He added the Italian Garden to display his collection of statury and ornaments. 
Since 1983 the castle has been owned by Broadland Properties Limited. The estate is now run as a conference centre, but the castle and grounds are open to the public.

Attractions for tourists

Hever Castle is now a tourist attraction, drawing on its links to Anne Boleyn and Henry VIII, its mazes, gardens and lake. There is an annual events programme with assorted events including jousting tournaments and archery displays in the summer months and an annual patchwork and quilting exhibition in September. The castle has also become the venue for a triathlon.  The Castles to Country Houses exhibition contains a collection of 1/12 scale model houses ranging from the medieval to Victorian periods.

The castle offers three floors containing antique furniture, Anne Boleyn's prayer books, instruments of torture, and a large collection of Tudor paintings. There is also a museum of the Kent Yeomanry. The remains of the original country house timbers can still be seen within the stone walls of the fortification, while the gatehouse is the only original part of the castle.
It has the oldest working original portcullis in England. 

The grounds of the castle include a yew maze, planted in 1904. There is also a water maze, opened in 1999, the object of which is to get to the folly at the centre without getting wet, while in the children's adventure playground there is a tower maze. The castle gardens contain a wide range of features including an Italianate garden (including Fernery), rose gardens, a herb garden, and topiary.

Gallery

Image:Hever Castle 12.JPG|Hever Castle
Image:Hever Castle sideview.jpg|Hever Castle - side view
Image:Hever Castle Water Maze.jpg|The water maze
Image:Hever Castle bridge over long lake.JPG|A bridge over the lake

Image:Hever Castle rose garden with fountain.JPG|One of the rose gardens
Image:Statue on Hever Castle Grounds.jpg |Statue in the castle grounds  
Image:Statue2 on Hever Castle Grounds.jpg|Another statue in the castle grounds
Image:Hever Castle cottages near moat.JPG|Cottages near the castle
Image:Hever Castle Italian Gardens2(2014-06-20).JPG|Italian Gardens
Image:Hever Castle Loggia1(2014-06-20).JPG|Loggia with fountain
Question:
In which UK county is Hever Castle?
Answer:
Garden of england
Passage:
John Lloyd (tennis)
John Lloyd (born 27 August 1954) is a former professional tennis player who reached an ATP world ranking of 21 from 23 July 1978 to 30 July 1978 and who was ranked as UK number 1 in 1984 and 1985.  He now works as sports commentator.

During his career, he reached one Grand Slam singles final and won three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles with tennis partner Wendy Turnbull, the French Open in 1982 and Wimbledon in 1983 and 1984. Also, Lloyd scored 27 wins and 24 losses with the Great Britain Davis Cup team.

He was the first husband of the former top woman player Chris Evert and is the younger brother of the former British Davis Cup captain David Lloyd. 
He served as the British Davis Cup Captain Himself from August 2006 – March 2010. 
He is a Member of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club.

Education

Lloyd was educated at Southend High School for Boys, a state grammar school in Southend-on-Sea in Essex, in South East England. 

Life and career

At the Australian Open in December 1977, Lloyd became the first British male tennis player in the Open era to reach a Grand Slam singles final. He lost in five sets to America's Vitas Gerulaitis 6–3, 7–6, 5–7, 3–6, 6–2. No other British player reached a Grand Slam final for 20 years, until British-Canadian Greg Rusedski reached the US Open final in 1997. In 1984 he reached the quarter-finals of the US Open. Lloyd never progressed beyond the third round in singles play at Wimbledon.

Though he never won a Grand Slam singles titles, Lloyd did win three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles partnering Australia's Wendy Turnbull, beginning with the French Open mixed doubles in 1982. The pair finished runners-up in the mixed doubles at Wimbledon that year, and then went on to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles crown in both 1983 and 1984.

Lloyd's career-high singles ranking was World No. 21 in 1978. He was a member of the British team that reached the final of the Davis Cup that year with Lloyd himself losing in straight sets in the singles to Brian Gottfried and to a 19-year-old John McEnroe.  As a player, he represented the British Davis Cup team for 11 years.
His career-high doubles ranking was World No. 34 in 1986.
As his playing career came to an end, Lloyd stayed within the tennis world, finding work as a coach and television commentator, and appearing on the veterans circuit.

In 2006, Lloyd was appointed the captain of Great Britain's Davis Cup team, replacing Jeremy Bates.  Lloyd's reign started very well, with successive victories taking the team back into the World Group, but after the retirement of both Greg Rusedski and Tim Henman in 2007 the team suffered five successive defeats, their worst run in Davis Cup history, to drop back down to the third tier of the competition. Lloyd resigned as coach in mid-2010. 

Commentator

Since the 1990s, Lloyd has been a commentator and analyst for the BBC's tennis coverage, particularly at Wimbledon. Lloyd is known for his trademark catchphrases, using the analogy of food and drink to describe tennis shots. For example, if a shot is too weak he will claim that it was "undercooked" or "needed more mustard." Conversely, if a shot is overhit he will describe it as "overcooked", having "too much juice", or "having too much mustard."

He worked for Sky Sports on their coverage of the US Open 2009.

Personal life

In 1979, Lloyd married the World No. 1 woman player, American Chris Evert (who became Chris Evert-Lloyd). The media-styled "golden couple" of tennis enjoyed several years in the limelight before a separation, a short-lived reconciliation, and eventual divorce in 1987. Because of Evert's higher profile tennis career, Lloyd was sometimes jokingly referred to in the press as "Mr. Evert". 

Lloyd is a supporter of the football team Wolverhampton Wanderers. It is because of Lloyd's influence that Andy Murray is also a Wolves fan and is often seen wearing the Wolves shirt that was presented to him by Lloyd. 

Grand Slam finals

Singles : 1 (1 runner-up)

Mixed doubles (4)

Wins (3)

Runners-up (1)

Grand Prix Championship Series singles finals 

Runner-up (1)

Other career titles

Singles (1)

Doubles (2)

References and notes
Question:
Which Australian tennis player twice partnered Britain’s John Lloyd to win the mixed doubles at Wimbledon/
Answer:
Wendy Turnbull
Passage:
Current Local Time in Cairo, Egypt - timeanddate.com
Current Local Time in Cairo, Egypt
About 11 mi ENE of Cairo
Alexandria International Airport, ALY
Question:
Al Qaharih is the local name for which city?
Answer:
Al-Qāhirah
Passage:
Lara's Theme
"Lara's Theme" is the generic name given to a leitmotif written for the film Doctor Zhivago (1965) by composer Maurice Jarre. Soon afterward, it became the basis of the song "Somewhere, My Love". 

Original composition 

While working on the soundtrack for Doctor Zhivago, Maurice Jarre was asked by director David Lean to come up with a theme for the character of Lara, played by Julie Christie. Initially Lean had desired to use a well-known Russian song but could not locate the rights to it, and delegated responsibility to Jarre. After several unsuccessful attempts at writing it, Lean suggested to Jarre that he go to the mountains with his girlfriend and write a piece of music for her.  Jarre says that the resultant piece was "Lara's Theme", and Lean liked it well enough to use it in numerous tracks for the film.  In editing Zhivago, Lean and producer Carlo Ponti reduced or outright deleted many of the themes composed by Jarre; Jarre was angry because he felt that an over-reliance on "Lara's Theme" would ruin the soundtrack.

Jarre's esthetic fears proved unfounded commercially, however, as the theme became an instant success and gained fame throughout the world. By special request of Connie Francis, Paul Francis Webster later took the theme and added lyrics to it to create "Somewhere My Love". Francis, however, retired from the project when the lyrics were presented to her because she thought of them as too "corny". A few weeks later, Francis reconsidered her position and recorded the song nonetheless, but by then Ray Conniff had also recorded a version of his own, reaching #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1966. Conniff's version of the song also topped the "Easy listening" chart in the U.S. for four weeks. Despite Conniff's success, Francis also had her version released as a single, and although it failed to chart in the US, it became one of her biggest successes internationally, becoming one of the "Top 5" in territories such as Scandinavia and Asia. In Italy, her Italian version of the song, "Dove non so", became her last #1 success.

Various other versions of it have since been released. Italio-American tenor, Sergio Franchi covered the song as "Somewhere, My Love" in his 1967 RCA Victor album From Sergio – With Love.  Harry James recorded a version on his 1976 album The King James Version (Sheffield Lab LAB 3). "Lara's Theme" remains to this day one of the most recognizable movie themes ever written. A music box plays Lara's Theme at the beginning of the film The Spy Who Loved Me.

Variations 

On the soundtrack album for Zhivago, there is no one track listed as "Lara's Theme".  A variation of the piece appears in numerous sections, however.  Some tracks briefly cite it, while others are composed entirely from the motif.  The orchestration is varied, most notably with balalaika and orchestra.

One of the main reasons the theme is featured in so many tracks is that Lean had hired an impromptu balalaika orchestra from several Russian Orthodox Churches in Los Angeles; the musicians could only learn 16 bars of music at a time, and could not read written music. Although never credited, Edgar Stanistreet, a street musician of Philadelphia, claimed that he was asked to play the song over the phone to an MGM executive, and was later taken into the studio to record.

Tracks which feature it include (from the 1995 Extended Soundtrack release):

*1) Overture – a fast-paced march version of it plays during part of the pre-credits overture
*2) Main Title – a significant portion of the Main Theme is devoted to "Lara's Theme"
*3) Kontakion/Funeral Song – briefly cited at the end of the piece
*12) After Deserters Killed The Colonel – again, a brief "quote" from it appears at the end of the song
*14) Lara Says Goodbye To Yuri – The first extensive use of "Lara's Theme" is a sad version played with heavy balalaika and violin sections
*23) Yuri Follows the Sound of the Waterfall
*24) Tonya and Yuri Arrive At Varykino – briefly cited in the middle of the track
*27) Yuri and the Daffodils – plays during the "changing of seasons" part of the film, the montonous winter theme builds into a full-fledged rendition of "Lara's Theme"
*28) On A Yuriatin Street – a complete rendition with full orchestral backing
*29) In Lara's Bedroom
*30) Yuri Rides To Yuriatin
*33) Yuri Is Escaping – a gloomy military march is punctuated by a quote from "Lara's Theme" which ultimately turns into a climax
*37) Yuri Is Trying To Write
*39) Lara Reads Her Poem
*42) Then It's A Gift (End Title) – very similar to "On A Yuriatin Street", a complete, triumphant final rendition of the song

This soundtrack also includes jazz, rock 'n' roll, and swing versions of "Lara's Theme" which were performed by the MGM Studio Orchestra between takes.

Vocal recordings 

Vocal versions include recordings by Connie Francis (in English as Somewhere, My Love, in Spanish as Sueño de Amor, and in Italian as Dove non so), by The Ray Conniff Singers (in English as Somewhere, My Love), by Karel Gott (in German as Weißt du, wohin), as well as by Tereza Kesovija, who sang it first in France, and then by John William and by Les Compagnons de la Chanson (in French as La Chanson de Lara). Tereza Kesovija also recorded Lara's Theme in Yugoslavia as Larina pjesma. Andy Williams released a version in 1967 on his album, Born Free.

In 1966 Mrs. Miller covered the song in her second Capitol Records album Will Success Spoil Mrs. Miller?
Question:
With which film do you associate Lara's Theme?
Answer:
Dr. Zhivago
Passage:
What did Whitcomb L Judson do in Chicago in 1893? - Find ...
What did Whitcomb L Judson do in Chicago in 1893? - Find Answers Here!
What did Whitcomb L Judson do in Chicago in 1893?
We found this answers
whitcomb l. judson uitvinding in 1893 faye judson hair salon; judson isd school calendar 2012; Join our network today, ... when did whitcomb l. invent the zipper; - Read more
when did whitcomb judson invent the zipper. nick olando florida my space. burton judson courts uchicago. ... what whitcomb l. judson did in chicago in 1893. - Read more
Discussion about this question
Question:
What is Whitcombe Judson credited with inventing in 1893?
Answer:
Zip fastener
Passage:
Glanders
Glanders (from Middle English ' or Old French ', both meaning glands; , ; also known as "equinia", "farcy", and "malleus") is an infectious disease that occurs primarily in horses, mules, and donkeys. It can be contracted by other animals, such as dogs, cats, goats and humans. It is caused by infection with the bacterium Burkholderia mallei, usually by ingestion of contaminated feed or water. Signs of glanders include the formation of nodular lesions in the lungs and ulceration of the mucous membranes in the upper respiratory tract. The acute form results in coughing, fever, and the release of an infectious nasal discharge, followed by septicaemia and death within days. In the chronic form, nasal and subcutaneous nodules develop, eventually ulcerating. Death can occur within months, while survivors act as carriers.

Glanders is endemic in Africa, Asia, the Middle East, and Central and South America. It has been eradicated from North America, Australia, and most of Europe through surveillance and destruction of affected animals, and import restrictions.

B. mallei is able to infect humans, so is classed as a zoonotic agent. Transmission occurs by direct contact with infected animals and entry is through skin abrasions, nasal and oral mucosal surfaces, or by inhalation.

The mallein test is a sensitive and specific clinical test for glanders. Mallein (ATCvet code: ), a protein fraction of the glanders organism (B. mallei), is injected intradermopalpebrally or given by eye drop. In infected animals, the eyelid swells markedly in 1 to 2 days.

Glanders has not been reported in the United States since 1945, except in 2000 when an American lab researcher suffered from accidental exposure. It is a notifiable disease in the UK, although it has not been reported there since 1928.

Biological warfare use

Due to the high mortality rate in humans and the small number of organisms required to establish infection, B. mallei is regarded as a potential biological warfare or bioterrorism agent, as is the closely related organism, B. pseudomallei, the causative agent of melioidosis. During World War I, glanders was believed to have been spread deliberately by German agents to infect large numbers of Russian horses and mules on the Eastern Front. Other agents attempted to introduce the disease in the United States and Argentina. This had an effect on troop and supply convoys, as well as on artillery movement, which were dependent on horses and mules. Human cases in Russia increased with the infections during and after WWI. The Japanese deliberately infected horses, civilians, and prisoners of war with B. mallei at the Pinfang (China) Institute during World War II.

The U.S. studied this agent as a possible biological weapon in 1943–44, but did not weaponize it. U.S. interest in glanders (agent LA) continued through the 1950s, except it had an inexplicable tendency to lose virulence in the lab, making it difficult to weaponize. Between 1982 and 1984, the Soviet Union allegedly used weaponized B. mallei during the Soviet–Afghan War.

Before the Battle of Blenheim in 1704, glanders may have afflicted and greatly diminished the horses of Marshal Tallard's cavalry, helping the Duke of Marlborough win the battle.

Vaccine research

No vaccine is licensed for use in the U.S. Infection with either of these bacteria results in nonspecific symptoms and can be either acute or chronic, impeding rapid diagnosis. The lack of a vaccine for either bacterium also makes them potential candidates for bioweaponization. Together with their high rate of infectivity by aerosols and resistance to many common antibiotics, both bacteria have been classified as category B priority pathogens by the US NIH and US CDC, which has spurred a dramatic increase in interest in these microorganisms. Attempts have been made to develop vaccines for these infections, which would not only benefit military personnel, a group most likely to be targeted in an intentional release, but also individuals who may come in contact with glanders-infected animals or live in areas where melioidosis is endemic.
Question:
"Which animals are affected by the disease ""glanders""?"
Answer:
HORSES
Passage:
Poundbury
Poundbury is an experimental new town or urban extension on the outskirts of Dorchester in the county of Dorset, England.

The development is built on land owned by the Duchy of Cornwall. It is built according to the principles of Prince Charles, who is known for holding strong views challenging the post-war trends in town planning that were suburban in character.

Plan

The development is built to a traditional high-density urban pattern, rather than a suburban one, focused on creating an integrated community of shops, businesses, and private and social housing. There is no zoning. The planners say they are designing the development around people rather than the car, and they aim to provide a high-quality environment, from the architecture to the selection of materials, to the signposts, and the landscaping. To avoid constant construction, utilities are buried in common utility ducts under the town. Common areas are maintained by a management company to which all residents belong. 

To some degree, the project shows similarities with the contemporary New Urbanism movement, except that the design influences are European. The design of the houses are in traditional and new classical styles, with period features such as bricked-up windows, a feature found on many old British buildings, due to the window tax. 

The overall plan was developed in the late 1980s by the Luxembourgian architect Leon Krier, and construction started in October 1993. Krier's plans have been criticised for mixing too many different continental styles and the use of non-local building materials, which are not consistent with the traditions of Dorchester. It is expected that the four plan phases will be developed over 25 years with a total of 2,500 dwellings and a population of approximately 6,000.

Greetings card entrepreneur Andrew Brownsword sponsored the £1 million development of the market hall at Poundbury, designed by John Simpson and based on early designs, particularly the one in Tetbury. 

Following New Urbanist principles, Poundbury was intended to reduce car dependency and encourage walking, cycling, and public transport.  A survey conducted at the end of the first phase, however, showed that car use was higher in Poundbury than in the surrounding (rural) district of West Dorset.  Nonetheless, the community is receiving positive recognition from New Urbanist publications such as Better Cities and Towns. 

Economy

One notable local employer since 2000 is the breakfast food manufacturer and exporter Dorset Cereals, which employs more than 100 people at its purpose-built barn factory 

Gallery

File:The_Whistling_Witch,_Poundbury.jpg| The Whistling Witch (affectionately) 2008
File:New Firehouse.jpg| The new Dorset Fire and Rescue Service HQ/Fire station nears completion September 2008
File:Dorset poundbury 01.jpg|Brownsword Hall in Poundbury, designed by architect John Simpson and based on earlier traditional designs, particularly one in Tetbury
File:Dorset Cereals factory, Poundbury - geograph.org.uk - 1715303.jpg|Dorset Cereals Factory
Question:
The experimental new village of Poundbury in England, much of which has been built to traditional lines, is built on land belonging to whom?
Answer:
HRH The Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay
Passage:
The Official Site of Jack Dempsey
The Official Site of Jack Dempsey
 
BIOGRAPHY
The smell of sweat fills the tiny room of screaming fans. Two boxer bob and weave in a miniscule ring, desperately attempting to bring each other to the ground. The primitive intensity of the fight continues to elevate, as fans can almost taste the tension in the pungent, sweat-filled air. Fatigue begins to set in on the opponent as his limp body starts to give into to the mighty bought. An ultimate look of fear sets in the opponent's eyes as Jack Dempsey's fist comes flying towards his face. His eyes close as a powerful and ferocious blow ensues. The opponent's body crumbles to the floor, his last recollection is being the bell sounding Jack Dempsey's victory. This was the scene was the commonality for many boxers who faced Jack Dempsey in the 1920s.
Born in Manassa, Colorado on June 24, 1895, William Harrison "Jack" Dempsey rose to  sports stardom in the 1920s. As a nomadic traveler from 1911 to 1916, Dempsey began boxing in the small mining towns of Colorado under the name "Kid Blackie." He emerged from numerous saloon floor-boxing matches to rein victorious in over 80 professional fights by the meager age of 24.  Dempsey was perhaps best known for his thrilling knockout victories, many of which occurred in just seconds of the fightï¿½s onset.
Dempsey proved his phenomenal ability in a battle of "David and Goliath" match of fists. His iron strength and killer left hooks allowed Dempsey to beat Jess Willard in 1919, leaving the giant bewildered and shattered. This victory awarded Dempsey both the heavyweight title and the nickname of the "Manassa Mauler, " the name that soon haunted potential opponents all around the country. Dempsey became a ring warrior through his tough defense of his title six times in just seven years. In most of his matches, there were no survivors.
A day of disbelief for Dempsey occurred on September 23, 1926 when he was defeated by Gene Tunney and lost his heavyweight title. Ironically, this match yielded the largest paid attendance in boxing history. Tunney and Dempsey went head to head and fist to fist again in 1927 in hopes that Dempsey would reclaim his title. Dempsey lost this rematch, which was coined "The Battle of the Long Count" because of a call by the referee that Dempsey did not return to a neutral corner after Tunney had fallen. Tunney won the match three rounds later.
Dempsey continued boxing in exhibitions after his defeat but retired from professional boxing in 1940 and went on to be a successful restaurant owner in New York. Dempsey retired with an astounding record of 60-7-8. Fifty of these wins were knockouts. He was a universally accepted sports star. With his bobbing and weaving stance, amazing speed, graceful agility, and pure power, Jack Dempsey will forever remain the perfect boxer and one of the greatest box office attractions of all time.
Question:
"In the 1920's, which sportsman was known as, ""The Manassa Mauler""?"
Answer:
Jack Dempsy
Passage:
Semien Mountains
The Semien Mountains (in Amharic ስሜን or Səmen; also spelled Simien and Simen), in northern Ethiopia, north east of Gondar, are part of the Ethiopian Highlands.  They are a World Heritage Site and include the Semien Mountains National Park. The mountains consist of plateaux separated by valleys and rising to pinnacles.  The tallest peak is Ras Dashen (4,550 m); other notable heights include Mounts Biuat (4,437 m) and Kidis Yared (4,453 m). 

Because of their geological origins the mountains are almost unique, with only South Africa's Drakensberg having been formed in the same manner and thus appearing similar. Notable animals in the mountains include the walia ibex, gelada, and caracal. There are a few Ethiopian wolves. 

Human history 

Although the word Semien means "north" in Amharic, according to Richard Pankhurst the ancestral form of the word actually meant "south" in Ge'ez, because the mountains lay to the south of Aksum, which was at the time the center of Ethiopian civilization. But as over the following centuries the center of Ethiopian civilization itself moved to the south, these mountains came to be thought of as lying to the north, and the meaning of the word likewise changed. 

The Semiens are remarkable as being one of the few spots in Africa where snow regularly falls.  First mentioned in the Monumentum Adulitanum of the 4th century AD (which described them as "inaccessible mountains covered with snow" and where soldiers walked up to their knees in snow), the presence of snow was undeniably witnessed by the 17th century Jesuit priest Jerónimo Lobo.  Although the later traveler James Bruce claims that he had never witnessed snow in the Semien Mountains, the 19th century explorer Henry Salt not only recorded that he saw snow there (on 9 April 1814), but explained the reason for Bruce's failure to see snow in these mountains – Bruce had ventured no further than the foothills into the Semiens. 

Despite their ruggedness and altitude, the mountains are dotted with villages linked by tracks. Historically they were inhabited by Ethiopian Jews (the Beta Israel), who after repeated attacks by the zealous Christian Emperors in the 15th century withdrew from the province of Dembiya into the more defensible Semien mountains. 

Towards the end of the Zemene Mesafint, Dejazmach Wube Haile Mariam maintained his arsenal and treasury on Mount Hai. 

Gallery

Semien Mountains 02.jpg|
Semien Mountains 01.jpg|
SemienWaterfall.jpg|Waterfall in Semien Mountains, falling into the Gishe Abbai, near Debarq.
Gelada 02.jpg|A gelada in the Semien Mountains
Question:
The Semien Mountains whose highest peak is Ras Dashen lie in what African country?
Answer:
Ethiopean
Passage:
Lacrimal gland
The lacrimal-glands are paired, almond-shaped glands, one for each eye, that secrete the aqueous-layer of the tear film. They are situated in the upper-outer portion of each orbit, in the lacrimal fossa of the orbit formed by the frontal-bone.  Inflammation of the lacrimal-glands is called dacryoadenitis. The lacrimal-gland produces tears which then flow into canals that connect to the lacrimal sac. From that sac, the tears drain through the lacrimal duct into the nose.

Anatomists divide the gland into two sections. The smaller palpebral-portion lies close to the eye, along the inner-surface of the eyelid; if the upper-eyelid is everted, the palpebral-portion can be seen. 

The orbital-portion contains fine interlobular ducts that unite to form 3–5 main-excretory ducts, joining 5–7 ducts in the palpebral-portion before the secreted-fluid may enter on the surface of the eye.  Tears secreted collect in the fornix-conjunctiva of the upper-lid, and pass over the eye-surface to the lacrimal puncta, small holes found at the inner-corner of the eyelids.  These pass the tears through the lacrimal canaliculi on to the lacrimal sac, in turn to the nasolacrimal duct, which dumps them out into the nose. 

Microanatomy

The lacrimal-gland is a compound-tubuloacinar gland, it is made up of many lobules separated by connective tissue, each lobule contains many acini. The acini contain only serous-cells and produce a watery-serous secretion.

Each acinus consists of a grape-like mass of lacrimal-gland cells with their apices pointed to a central-lumen. 

The central-lumen of many of the units converge to form intralobular ducts, and then they unite to from interlobular ducts. The gland lacks striated ducts.

Innervation

The parasympathetic-nerve supply originates from the  lacrimatory nucleus of the facial nerve in the pons. From the pons nucleus-preganglionic-parasympathetic fibres run in the nervus intermedius (small-sensory root of facial nerve) to the geniculate ganglion but they do not synapse there. Then, from the geniculate ganglion, the preganglionic-fibres run in the greater petrosal nerve (a branch of the facial nerve) which carries the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers through the foramen lacerum, where it joins the deep petrosal nerve (which contains postganglionic-sympathetic fibers from the superior-cervical ganglion) to form the nerve of the pterygoid canal (vidian nerve) which then traverses through the pterygoid canal to the pterygopalatine ganglion. Here, the fibers synapse and postganglionic-fibers join the fibers of the maxillary nerve. In the pterygopalatine-fossa itself, the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers branch off with the zygomatic nerve and then branch off again, joining with the lacrimal-branch of the ophthalmic-division of CN V, which supplies sensory-innervation to the lacrimal-gland along with the eyelid and conjunctiva.

The sympathetic-postganglionic fibers originate from the superior cervical ganglion. They traverse as a periarteriolar-plexus with the internal-carotid artery, before they merge and form the deep-petrosal nerve, which joins the greater petrosal nerve in the pterygoid-canal. Together, greater petrosal and deep-petrosal nerves form the nerve of the pterygoid-canal (vidian-nerve) and they reach the pterygopalatine-ganglion in the pterygopalatine-fossa. In contrast to their parasympathetic-counterparts, sympathetic-fibers do not synapse in the pterygopalatine-ganglion, having done so already in the sympathetic-trunk. However, they continue to course with the parasympathetic-fibers innervating the lacrimal-gland.

Blood supply

The lacrimal artery, derived from the ophthalmic artery supplies the lacrimal-gland. 
Venous-blood returns via the superior ophthalmic vein.

Lymphatic-drainage

The glands drain into the superficial-parotid-lymph nodes.  

Nerve-supply

The lacrimal nerve, derived from the ophthalmic nerve, supplies the sensory-component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve, derived from the facial nerve, supplies the parasympathetic-autonomic component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve traverses alongside branches of the V1 and V2 divisions of the trigeminal nerve. The proximity of the greater-petrosal nerve to branches of the trigeminal-nerve explains the phenomenon of lesions to the trigeminal-nerve causing impaired-lacrimation although the trigeminal-nerve does not supply the lacrimal-gland.

Pathology

In contrast to the normal-moisture of the eyes or even crying, there can be persistent dryness, scratching, and burning in the eyes, which are signs of dry-eye syndrome (DES) or keratoconjunctivitis-sicca (KCS). With this syndrome, the lacrimal-glands produce less lacrimal-fluid, which mainly occurs with aging or certain medications. A thin strip of filter-paper (placed at the edge of the eye) the Schirmer-test, can be used to determine the level of dryness of the eye. Many medications or diseases that cause dry-eye syndrome can also cause hyposalivation with xerostomia. Treatment varies according to etiology and includes avoidance of exacerbating-factors, tear-stimulation and supplementation, increasing tear-retention, eyelid-cleansing, and treatment of eye-inflammation. 

In addition, the following can be associated with lacrimal-gland pathology:
* Dacryoadenitis
*Sjögren's syndrome

Additional images

 File:Gray514.png|The ophthalmic artery and its branches.
 File:Gray776.png|Nerves of the orbit. Seen from above.
 File:Gray841.png|Sympathetic connections of the sphenopalatine and superior cervical ganglia.
 File:Gray895.png|The tarsal glands, etc., seen from the inner surface of the eyelids.
 File:Gray897.png|Alveoli of lacrimal gland.
File:Slide3abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide4abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide5abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide6abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide7abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
Question:
In the human body, what do the lachrymal glands produce?
Answer:
TEARS
Passage:
What does pinchbeck mean? - Definitions.net
What does pinchbeck mean?
Sham; spurious, artificial; being a cheap substitution; only superficially attractive.
Origin: Named after Christopher Pinchbeck, an 18th century London watchmaker who developed the alloy.
Webster Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Pinchbeck(noun)
an alloy of copper and zinc, resembling gold; a yellow metal, composed of about three ounces of zinc to a pound of copper. It is much used as an imitation of gold in the manufacture of cheap jewelry
Pinchbeck(adj)
made of pinchbeck; sham; cheap; spurious; unreal
Origin: [Said to be from the name of the inventor; cf. It. prencisbecco.]
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Pinchbeck
"Pinchbeck" is a form of brass, an alloy of copper and zinc, mixed in proportions so that it closely resembles gold in appearance. It was invented in the 18th century by Christopher Pinchbeck, a London clockmaker. Since gold was only sold in 18-carat quality at that time, the development of pinchbeck allowed ordinary people to buy gold 'effect' jewelry on a budget. The inventor allegedly made pinchbeck jewellery clearly labelled as such. Pinchbeck jewellery was used in places like stagecoaches where there was a risk of theft. Later dishonest jewellers passed pinchbeck off as gold; over the years it came to mean a cheap and tawdry imitation of gold. Pinchbeck typically comprises copper and zinc in ratios between 89% Cu, 11% Zn; and 93% Cu, 7% Zn.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Pinchbeck
pinsh′bek, n. a yellow alloy of five parts of copper to one of zinc. [From Chris. Pinchbeck, an 18th-century London watchmaker.]
Numerology
The numerical value of pinchbeck in Chaldean Numerology is: 7
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
Which alloy of copper and zinc, resembling gold, is named after a London clockmaker?
Answer:
Pinchbeck
Passage:
Subatomic particle
In the physical sciences, subatomic particles are particles much smaller than atoms.  There are two types of subatomic particles: elementary particles, which according to current theories are not made of other particles; and composite particles.  Particle physics and nuclear physics study these particles and how they interact.

In particle physics, the concept of a particle is one of several concepts inherited from classical physics. But it also reflects the modern understanding that at the quantum scale matter and energy behave very differently from what much of everyday experience would lead us to expect.

The idea of a particle underwent serious rethinking when experiments showed that light could behave like a stream of particles (called photons) as well as exhibit wave-like properties. This led to the new concept of wave–particle duality to reflect that quantum-scale "particles" behave like both particles and waves (also known as wavicles). Another new concept, the uncertainty principle, states that some of their properties taken together, such as their simultaneous position and momentum, cannot be measured exactly.  In more recent times, wave–particle duality has been shown to apply not only to photons but to increasingly massive particles as well. 

Interactions of particles in the framework of quantum field theory are understood as creation and annihilation of quanta of corresponding fundamental interactions. This blends particle physics with field theory.

Classification

By statistics

Any subatomic particle, like any particle in the 3-dimensional space that obeys laws of quantum mechanics, can be either a boson (an integer spin) or a fermion (a half-integer spin).

By composition

The elementary particles of the Standard Model include:

* Six "flavors" of quarks: up, down, bottom, top, strange, and charm;
* Six types of leptons: electron, electron neutrino, muon, muon neutrino, tau, tau neutrino;
* Twelve gauge bosons (force carriers): the photon of electromagnetism, the three W and Z bosons of the weak force, and the eight gluons of the strong force;
* The Higgs boson.
Various extensions of the Standard Model predict the existence of an elementary graviton particle and many other elementary particles.

Composite subatomic particles (such as protons or atomic nuclei) are bound states of two or more elementary particles. For example, a proton is made of two up quarks and one down quark, while the atomic nucleus of helium-4 is composed of two protons and two neutrons. The neutron is made of two down quarks and one up quark. Composite particles include all hadrons: these include baryons (such as protons and neutrons) and mesons (such as pions and kaons).

By mass

In special relativity, the energy of a particle at rest equals its mass times the speed of light squared, E = mc2. That is, mass can be expressed in terms of energy and vice versa. If a particle has a frame of reference where it lies at rest, then it has a positive rest mass and is referred to as massive.

All composite particles are massive. Baryons (meaning "heavy") tend to have greater mass than mesons (meaning "intermediate"), which in turn tend to be heavier than leptons (meaning "lightweight"), but the heaviest lepton (the tau particle) is heavier than the two lightest flavours of baryons (nucleons). It is also certain that any particle with an electric charge is massive.

All massless particles (particles whose invariant mass is zero) are elementary. These include the photon and gluon, although the latter cannot be isolated.

Other properties

Through the work of Albert Einstein, Louis de Broglie, and many others, current scientific theory holds that all particles also have a wave nature.  This has been verified not only for elementary particles but also for compound particles like atoms and even molecules. In fact, according to traditional formulations of non-relativistic quantum mechanics, wave–particle duality applies to all objects, even macroscopic ones; although the wave properties of macroscopic objects cannot be detected due to their small wavelengths. 

Interactions between particles have been scrutinized for many centuries, and a few simple laws underpin how particles behave in collisions and interactions. The most fundamental of these are the laws of conservation of energy and conservation of momentum, which let us make calculations of particle interactions on scales of magnitude that range from stars to quarks.  These are the prerequisite basics of Newtonian mechanics, a series of statements and equations in Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica, originally published in 1687.

Dividing an atom

The negatively charged electron has a mass equal to  of that of a hydrogen atom. The remainder of the hydrogen atom's mass comes from the positively charged proton. The atomic number of an element is the number of protons in its nucleus. Neutrons are neutral particles having a mass slightly greater than that of the proton. Different isotopes of the same element contain the same number of protons but differing numbers of neutrons. The mass number of an isotope is the total number of nucleons (neutrons and protons collectively).

Chemistry concerns itself with how electron sharing binds atoms into structures such as crystals and molecules. Nuclear physics deals with how protons and neutrons arrange themselves in nuclei. The study of subatomic particles, atoms and molecules, and their structure and interactions, requires quantum mechanics. Analyzing processes that change the numbers and types of particles requires quantum field theory. The study of subatomic particles per se is called particle physics. The term high-energy physics is nearly synonymous to "particle physics" since creation of particles requires high energies: it occurs only as a result of cosmic rays, or in particle accelerators. Particle phenomenology systematizes the knowledge about subatomic particles obtained from these experiments.

History

The term "subatomic particle" is largely a retronym of 1960s made to distinguish a big number of baryons and mesons (that comprise hadrons) from particles that are now thought to be truly elementary. Before that hadrons were usually classified as "elementary" because their composition was unknown.

A list of important discoveries follows:
Question:
Deriving from the Greek for 'thick', what name is given to any class of sub-atomic particle that is composed of quarks, and is thus affected by the strong nuclear force?
Answer:
Hadronic
Passage:
Maldivian rufiyaa
The rufiyaa () is the currency of the Maldives. Determining the exchange rate for the US dollar and the issuance of the currency is controlled by the Maldives Monetary Authority (MMA). The most commonly used symbols for the rufiyaa are MRF and Rf. The ISO 4217 code for Maldivian rufiyaa is MVR. The rufiyaa is subdivided into 100 laari. The name "rufiyaa" is derived from the Hindi word rupiyaa (), ultimately from Sanskrit rupya (; wrought silver). The midpoint of exchange rate is 12.85 rufiyaa per US dollar and the rate is permitted to fluctuate within a ±20% band, i.e. between 10.28 rufiyaa and 15.42 rufiyaa as of 10 April 2011. 

History

The earliest form of currency used in the Maldives was cowry shells (Cypraea moneta) and historical accounts of travellers indicate that they were traded in this manner even during the 13th century. As late as 1344, Ibn Batuta observed that more than 40 ships loaded with cowry shells were exported each year. A single gold dinar was worth 400,000 shells.

During the 17th and 18th centuries, lārin  (parallel straps of silver wire folded in half with dyed Persian and Arabic inscriptions) were imported and traded as currency. This form of currency was used in the Persian Gulf, India, Ceylon and the Far East during this time. Historians agree that this new form of currency was most probably exchanged for cowry shells and indicates Maldives’ lucrative trade with these countries. The first Sultan to imprint his own seal onto this currency was Ghaazee Mohamed Thakurufaanu Al Auzam. The seal was much broader than the wires hence it was barely legible.

The first known of coins were introduced by Sultan Ibrahim Iskandar (1648–1687). Compared to the previous forms of money, these coins were much neater and minted in pure silver. The coins were minted in the capital city of Malé, a fact which it acknowledged on the reverse. The legend "King of Land and Sea, Iskandhar the Great" () is found on the edge.

After this period, gold coins replaced the existing silver ones during the reign of Sultan Hassan Nooruddin in 1787. He used two different qualities of gold in his coins; one was called Mohoree and the other Baimohoree, of which the former is of higher value. How this gold was obtained is uncertain.

Throughout the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, bronze coins were issued denominated in laari. Sultan Mohamed Imaadhudheen IV (1900–1904) introduced what historians believe to be the first machine struck coins, judging the superior quality of the engravements. His successor Sultan Mohamed Shamshudeen III (1904–1935) made the last of these coins, 1 and 4 laari denominations, which were struck in the United Kingdom by Heaton's Mint, Birmingham, England in 1913.

Following the end of coin production specifically for the Maldives, the Sultanate came to use the Ceylonese rupee. This was supplemented in 1947 by issues of banknotes denominated in rufiyaa, equal in value to the rupee. In 1960, coins denominated in laari, now worth one hundredth of the rufiyaa, were introduced.

Coins

In 1960, Sultan Mohamed Fareed I ordered coins from the Royal Mint in England. The new issue consisted of denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 25 and 50 laari. Unlike his predecessors, Sultan Fareed did not embellish his title on the coins; instead he used the National Emblem on the reverse side with the traditional title of the state (, State of Maldives) and the denomination value on the obverse side. The currency was put into circulation in February 1961 and all the previously traded coins, with the exception of Shamshudeen III's 1 and 4 laari, were withdrawn from circulation on 17 June 1966.

The newly established central bank, the Maldives Monetary Authority (MMA), introduced the 1 rufiyaa coin on 22 January 1983. The coin was made from steel clad copper nickel  and was minted in West Germany. In 1984, a new series of coins was introduced which did not include the 2 laari denomination. In 1995, 2 rufiyaa coins were introduced. Coins currently in circulation are 1 laari, 2 laari, 5 laari, 10 laari, 25 laari, 50 laari, 1 rufiyaa, 2 rufiyaa.

Banknotes

In 1945, the People's Majlis (Parliament) passed bill number 2/66 on the "Maldivian Bank Note". Under this law, notes for , 1, 2, 5 and 10 rufiyaa were printed and put into circulation on 5 September 1948.  In 1951, 50 and 100 rufiyaa notes were introduced.

The current series of banknotes was issued in 1983 in denominations of 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 rufiyaa. 500 rufiyaa notes were added in 1990, with the 2 rufiyaa replaced by a coin in 1995.

In October 2015, the Maldives Monetary Authority issued a 5,000 rufiyaa banknote in polymer to commemorate the 50th anniversary of independence, and issued a new family of notes in polymer that included a new denomination of 1,000 rufiyaa and the replacement of the 5 rufiyaa banknote with a coin in December 2015.

Illustrations on the bank notes were done by Maizan Hassan Manik and Abbaas (Bamboo).
Question:
The Rufiyaa is the currency of which island group?
Answer:
Religion in the Maldives
