Passage:
The Virgin Soldiers
The Virgin Soldiers is a 1966 comic novel by Leslie Thomas, inspired by his own experiences of National Service in the British Army. 

Plot summary

The core of the plot is the romantic triangle formed by the protagonist, a conscript soldier named Private Brigg; a worldly professional soldier named Sergeant Driscoll and Phillipa Raskin, the daughter of the Regimental Sergeant Major.  The location is a British army base in Singapore during the Malayan Emergency.

Brigg and Phillipa are virgins in every sense of the word; they're both barely out of adolescence.  Brigg is fearful of Phillipa's father and hardly dares go near her.  He is equally afraid of the Malayan and Chinese prostitutes in the nearby city.  His only outlet is with his mates in the barracks, who fantasize endlessly about what they might do without actually knowing how to go ahead and do it.

Phillipa is getting more and more rebellious, eventually setting herself up with Sgt. Driscoll as a lover, while she leads Brigg on in the romance department.  Brigg finally summons up the courage and the cash to approach a prostitute, called Juicy Lucy by the troops.  The encounter starts disastrously but after Lucy realizes Brigg is a virgin, she takes pity on him and begins his education in her own way.  This develops into a long-term relationship, at least for Brigg, who she calls affectionately "Bligg".  Brigg tries not to think about what Lucy does when he is not with her.

Driscoll is seething with his own inner demons.  He keeps taunting a Sgt. Wellbeloved with the phrase "Rusty nails!".  Wellbeloved boasts constantly of keeping the Japanese busy during WW2, as a one-man guerilla army.  Towards the end of the tale, the secret is revealed: Wellbeloved was a coward, and Rusty Nails was the nickname of the soldier he betrayed to the Japanese.  Driscoll beats Wellbeloved to a pulp on behalf of the victim.

The novel crystallizes around violent incidents involving rioting in the city and an attack by Communist guerillas on a train.  Several of Brigg's friends are killed.  Brigg tries to find Lucy for solace, only to be told she was beaten to death by soldiers. (In the film, the locomotive destroyed was one of the last four used to haul mainline BR steam - the famous Fifteen Guinea Special.) Days before he is to be sent home, he confronts Phillipa with his frustrations, with unexpectedly pleasant results.  For Phillipa, however, he is a passing fancy.  Her sergeant awaits ...

Eventually Brigg and his remaining friends are about to embark for home.  The final scene has them shouting the name of a laundryman, whom Brigg has mistakenly shot in the hand in an earlier episode, a certain Fuk Yew.  It symbolizes their relation to Malaya and Malaya to them, when the tailor responds with the appropriate hand signal, using his damaged hand. One may compare the British-made Virgin Soldiers serving out their two years of National Service in Malaya, with the American-made MASH portraying US soldiers serving out their two years of the draft in Korea in the same period. There is a stark difference in the style of the humour.

Film adaptation

The novel was turned into a film in 1969, directed by John Dexter, with a screenplay by the British screenwriter John Hopkins. It starred Hywel Bennett, John Scott, Nigel Patrick and Lynn Redgrave. David Bowie cut his hair short to audition for a role but can only be seen in a brief shot in the finished movie, being pushed out from behind a bar. A sequel, Stand Up, Virgin Soldiers, followed in 1977 with Nigel Davenport repeating his role as Sgt Driscoll.
Question:
Who wrote the 1966 comic novel ‘The Virgin Soldiers’?
Answer:
This Time Next Week
Passage:
Family of David Cameron
Relatives of the former prime minister of the United Kingdom, David Cameron, include members of the British royal family and aristocracy as well as numerous others who pursued careers in the law, politics and finance.

Immediate family

David Cameron is the younger son of stockbroker Ian Donald Cameron (12 October 1932 – 8 September 2010)  and his wife Mary Fleur (born Mount,  1934), a retired Justice of the Peace and second daughter of Sir William Mount.  

Cameron's father, Ian, was born with both legs deformed and underwent repeated operations to correct them. Cameron's parents were married in 1962. He was born in London, and brought up in Peasemore, Berkshire.  His father was born at Blairmore House near Huntly, Aberdeenshire, and died near Toulon in France on 8 September 2010. 

According to the Feminist Times, as a magistrate, Mary Cameron imposed prison sentences for anti-nuclear weapons protests at the Greenham Common Women's Peace Camp. 

He has an elder brother, Alexander Cameron QC, and two sisters, Tania Rachel (born 1965) and Clare Louise (born 1971). 

Ancestry

Alexander Geddes

Blairmore House, the birthplace of Ian Cameron, was built by his great-grandfather, Alexander Geddes,  who had made a fortune in Chicago trading in grain and returned to Scotland in the 1880s. 

Aristocracy and politics

Cameron descends from King William IV and his mistress Dorothea Jordan through their illegitimate daughter Lady Elizabeth FitzClarence  to the fifth female generation Enid Agnes Maud Levita. His father's maternal grandmother, Stephanie Levita (née Cooper) was the daughter of Sir Alfred Cooper and Lady Agnes Duff (sister of Alexander Duff, 1st Duke of Fife) and a sister of  Duff Cooper, 1st Viscount Norwich , the Conservative statesman and author.  His paternal grandmother, Enid Levita, who married secondly in 1961 The Hon. Robert Watson,   was the daughter of Arthur Levita and niece of Sir Cecil Levita , chairman of London County Council in 1928. Through Lord Manton's family, Cameron is also a kinsman of the 3rd Baron Hesketh ,  Conservative Lords Chief Whip 1991–93. Cameron's maternal grandfather was Sir William Mount Bt TD DL, a British Army officer and the High Sheriff of Berkshire, and Cameron's maternal great-grandfather was Sir William Mount Bt CBE, Conservative MP for Newbury 1910–1922. Lady Ida Feilding, Cameron's great-great grandmother, was third daughter of William Feilding, Earl of Denbigh and Desmond GCH PC, a courtier and Gentleman of the Bedchamber. 

David Cameron is 9th great-grandson of Sir Edmund Sawyer (died 1676), Auditor of the Exchequer and father of Sir Robert Sawyer MP, of Highclere,  who served as Attorney-General during the reign of King James I and a noted barrister of his era, whose courtroom skills were commended by Samuel Pepys.

General Sir James Duff, an army officer and MP for Banffshire in Scotland during the late 1700s who owned 202 slaves, is Cameron's first cousin six times removed  (and therefore, while a member of his family, is not directly his ancestor ).

Finance

David Cameron's forebears have a long history in finance. His father Ian was senior partner of the stockbrokers Panmure Gordon & Co., in which firm partnerships had long been held by Cameron's ancestors, including his grandfather and great-grandfather, and was a director of estate agent John D. Wood. His great-great grandfather Emile Levita, a German Jewish financier who obtained British citizenship in 1871, was the director of the Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China which became Standard Chartered Bank in 1969.  One of Emile's sons, Arthur Levita, was also a stockbroker; he married a cousin of the royal family, Steffie Cooper.  Sir Ewen Cameron, another great-great-grandfather, was London chairman of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank; he played a key role in arranging loans from the Rothschild family to Japan during the Russo-Japanese War.  Great-grandfather, Ewen Allan Cameron, was partner of Panmure Gordon stockbrokers and served on the Corporation of Foreign Bondholders,   and the Committee for Chinese Bondholders (set up by the then-Governor of the Bank of England, Sir Montagu Norman (later Lord Norman) in November 1935). 

In 1982, Ian Cameron was involved in creating Panamanian Blairmore Holdings Inc, an offshore investment fund, valued around $20 million in 1988.  This investment fund used controversial bearer shares until 2006.  Ian Cameron was named in the Panama Papers, documents leaked in April 2016 from the Panama-based legal and business services company Mossack Fonseca. 

Notable living relations

Cameron is a nephew of Sir William Dugdale, brother-in-law of Katherine, Lady Dugdale (died 2004, former Lady-in-Waiting to The Queen),    who was chairman of Aston Villa Football Club.  Birmingham-born documentary filmmaker Joshua Dugdale is his cousin.  Cameron's other notable relations include Adam Hart-Davis, Duff Hart-Davis,  Ferdinand Mount (Sir Ferdinand Mount Bt FRSL),   John Julius Norwich (The Viscount Norwich CVO),  Boris Johnson who is the former Conservative Mayor of London, Jo Johnson who is the Conservative MP for Orpington and Rachel Johnson (8th cousins).  

Notes

External notes

* [http://www.burkespeerage.com/ www.burkespeerage.com]
* [http://www.wargs.com/noble/cameron.html Wargs ancestry site]
Question:
From which member of the Royal Family is David Cameron (British PM) directly descended?
Answer:
Cameron descends from King William IV and his mistress Dorothea Jordan through their illegitimate daughter Lady Elizabeth FitzClarence
Passage:
Jack Dorsey
Jack Dorsey (born November 19, 1976) is an American computer programmer and entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter, and as the founder and CEO of Square, a mobile payments company.  In 2008, he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.  For 2012, The Wall Street Journal gave him the "Innovator of the Year Award" for technology. 

Early life

Dorsey was born and raised in St. Louis,   the son of Marcia (Smith) and Tim Dorsey.   He is of part Italian descent.  His father worked for a company that developed mass spectrometers and his mother was a homemaker.  He was raised Catholic, and his uncle is a Catholic priest in Cincinnati.  He went to Catholic high school, at Bishop DuBourg High School.

By age fourteen, Dorsey had become interested in dispatch routing. Some of the open source software he created in the area of dispatch logistics is still used by many taxi cab companies. Dorsey attended the Missouri University of Science and Technology before subsequently transferring to New York University Tandon School of Engineering, but he dropped out. He first came up with the idea that became Twitter at New York University.  While working on dispatching as a programmer, he later moved to California.
 In Oakland in 2000, Dorsey started his company to dispatch couriers, taxis, and emergency services from the Web. His other projects and ideas at this time included networks of medical devices and a "frictionless service market". In July 2000, building on dispatching and inspired in part by LiveJournal and possibly by AOL Instant Messenger, he had the idea for a Web-based realtime status/short message communication service.

When he first saw implementations of instant messaging, Dorsey wondered whether the software's user status output could be shared among friends easily. He approached Odeo, which at the time happened to be interested in text messaging. Dorsey and Biz Stone decided that SMS text suited the status message idea, and built a prototype of Twitter in about two weeks. The idea attracted many users at Odeo and investment from Evan Williams who had left Google after selling Pyra Labs and Blogger.

Twitter

Williams, Stone and Noah Glass co-founded Obvious Corporation, which then spun off Twitter Inc. with Dorsey as the CEO.  As chief executive officer, Dorsey saw the startup through two rounds of funding by the venture capitalists who backed the company.  He reportedly lost his position for leaving work early to enjoy other pursuits such as yoga and fashion design. 

As the service began to grow in popularity, Dorsey chose the improvement of uptime as top priority,  even over creating revenue – which, as of 2008, Twitter was not designed to earn. Dorsey described the commercial use of Twitter and its API as two things that could lead to paid features. He describes his three guiding principles, which he says are shared by the company, as simplicity, constraint and craftsmanship.

On October 16, 2008, Williams took over the role of CEO, while Dorsey became chairman of the board.   On March 28, 2011, Dorsey returned to Twitter as Executive Chairman after Dick Costolo replaced Williams as the CEO. On June 10, 2015, Costolo announced that he was resigning as CEO of Twitter effective July 1, 2015.  Dorsey would assume the post of Interim CEO upon Costolo's departure.  He was named permanent CEO of Twitter on October 5, 2015.  On the day after the controversy about Twitter's new algorithms for tweets, Dorsey responded to the trend saying it was only a hoax. 

In May 2016, Dorsey announced that Twitter would not count photos and links in the 140-character limit to free up more space for text. This move was an attempt to entice new users since the number of tweets per day was at an all-time low of about 300 million in January 2016 compared to about 500 million in September 2013 and its peak of 661 million in August 2014. 

Square, Inc.

Dorsey developed a small business platform to accept debit and credit card payments on a mobile device called Square, released in May 2010. The small, square-shaped device attaches to iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, or Android devices via the headphone jack, and as a mini card reader allows a person to swipe their card, choose an amount to transfer to the recipient and then sign their name for confirmation. Square is also a system for sending paperless receipts via text message or email, and is available as a free app for iOS and Android OS.   The company grew from 10 employees in December 2009  to over a hundred employees by June 2011. Square's office is located on Market Street in San Francisco. 
In September 2012, Business Insider magazine valued Square Inc. at 3.2 billion.  Dorsey is CEO of Square, Inc.  On October 14, 2015, Square filed for an IPO to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 

Other projects

Producer Tom Anderson and correspondent Lara Logan interviewed Dorsey for a segment of CBS 60 Minutes called "The Innovator: Jack Dorsey" which aired during March 2013.  In 2013, talking to CNN, Dorsey expressed admiration for Michael Bloomberg and his reinvention through design and simple interfaces of what it means to be mayor. Dorsey thinks becoming mayor of New York City is an aspiration that would raise the bar for him. Dorsey served as a judge for New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's NYC BigApps competition in 2011.  Dorsey is an on-record donor to Democratic Party candidates. 

Dorsey was announced as a new member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company on December 24, 2013. The press release referred to Dorsey as a "talented entrepreneur" and explained that his experience is aligned with the corporation's "strategic priorities."
Question:
'One could change the world in 140 characters' is the motto of Jack Dorsey, the founder of which website?
Answer:
Follow friday
Passage:
Bognor or Bust
Bognor or Bust was a 2004 UK television panel game, on the subject of news and current affairs. Produced by 4DTV for ITV, the show conventionally gave contestants the opportunity to win prizes, yet was comedic in style. It combined members of the public and celebrities on the same panel.

The show was hosted by comic actor and presenter Angus Deayton. His hosting of this show was largely viewed as his next step after being ousted from Have I Got News for You. Designing the style of the show to be similar to that of HIGNFY may have been deliberate.

Before the game began, the two contestants picked two out of a group of four celebrities to play on their team. In Round 1, Deayton asked a series of questions on the week's news, to be answered on the buzzer. At the end of the round, there was a quick recap of the scores. For the End of Part 1, the viewers were shown a picture with something missing, and were asked to guess what it is during the commercial break. In Part 2, the missing object was revealed (to general amusement) and Round 2 commenced. The player in the lead chose one of two pictures that served as (not very good) cryptic clues to a certain category. The team then had to answer a succession of quick-fire questions within that category in a time limit. Afterwards, the process repeated with the other team and the other category. At the end of Round 2, the player with the most points proceeded to the final round.

The final round consisted of a single multiple choice question with two possible answers, on which the contestant can confer with all four celebrities. When answered correctly, the contestant was awarded a paid-for exotic holiday. (The question was based on a story taken from a newspaper from the country from the holiday's destination.) However, if the final question was answered incorrectly, the contestant was instead 'awarded' a trip to the seaside resort Bognor Regis in West Sussex, from which the name of the show was derived, and a randomly selected member of the audience won the exotic holiday. In the context of this show, Bognor was not seen as an upmarket resort and was therefore a satirical booby prize.

Despite steady ratings of three to four million viewers, the series was not recommissioned following its original run.
Question:
Who was the host of the TV game show Bognor or Bust
Answer:
Angus Deayton
Passage:
Bay of Plenty
The Bay of Plenty, known in Māori as Te Moana-a-Toi, is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. It stretches from the Coromandel Peninsula in the west to Cape Runaway in the east, a wide stretch of some 259 km of open coastline. The Bay of Plenty Region is situated around this body of water, also incorporating several large islands in the bay.

History

The Māori name for the bay is Te Moana-a-Toi ("the sea of Toi"), a reference to the ancestral explorer Toi-te-huatahi, whose name was given to many prominent places in the region. Various waka arrived with settlers from eastern Polynesia around the thirteenth century: Mataatua, Nukutere, Tainui, Te Arawa and Takitimu.

The name "Bay of Plenty" originated with the English explorer James Cook during his 1769–70 exploration of New Zealand, who noted the abundant resources in the area. In the 1830s, Europeans began to settle in the area. 

On 5 October 2011, the MV Rena ran aground on the Astrolabe Reef in the bay causing a large oil spill,   described as New Zealand's worst ever environmental disaster.

Geography

The coastline from Waihi Beach in the west to Opape is defined as sandy coast, while the coast from Opape to Cape Runaway is rocky shore.

Sizeable harbours are located at Tauranga, Whakatane and Ohiwa. Major estuaries include Maketu, Little Waihi, Whakatane, Waiotahi and Waioeka/Otara. Eight major rivers empty into the bay from inland catchments, including Wairoa River, Kaituna, Tarawera, Rangitaiki, Whakatane, Waioeka, Motu and Raukokore rivers.

The bay contains numerous islands, notably the active volcano Whakaari / White Island, which lies 50 kilometres from the coast in the eastern bay. Other large islands include (from west to east) Matakana Island, Mayor Island / Tuhua, Motiti Island, and Moutohora Island.

Population

The coast is dotted with several sizable settlements, the largest of which is the conurbation of the city of Tauranga and its neighbour Mount Maunganui in the west. The town of Whakatane is located in the centre of the coast. Other towns of note include Waihi Beach, Katikati, Maketu, Pukehina Beach and Opotiki.

Most of the population along the coast is concentrated in the western and central parts of the shore; the eastern part is sparsely populated hill country.

Economy

The bay is a popular area for pleasure boating and game fishing, especially around the foot of the Coromandel Peninsula at the bay's western end. The Port of Tauranga is New Zealand's largest commercial port, handling large consignments of timber from the forested regions of the island's interior.

Tourism

The Bay of Plenty is a popular holiday destination due to the warm and sunny summer climate and public beaches. Whale watching has become a popular attraction as the number of whales such as blue whales and humpback whales migrating into bay waters began to recover.
Question:
The Bay of Plenty is on the coast of which country?
Answer:
N Z
Passage:
‘French Scotland Yard’ celebrates centenary - France 24
‘French Scotland Yard’ celebrates centenary - France 24
‘French Scotland Yard’ celebrates centenary
Text by FRANCE 24 Follow france24_en on twitter
Latest update : 2013-08-01
Paris’s legendary 36 Quai des Orfèvres, the headquarters of the police's criminal investigation division, celebrated a bittersweet 100th anniversary on Thursday amid plans to move the unit to a more modern building.
An address that haunts the imagination of the French and has been made legendary by detective books and films, the "36 Quai des Orfèvres" turned 100 on Thursday, with a commemorative stamp created to mark the occasion.
The equivalent of Britain’s Scotland Yard, it is the headquarters of the French capital’s criminal investigation police unit, known in the country as the Police Judiciaire.
The building has inspired many authors and filmmakers, most notably Belgian novelist Georges Simenon, whose fictitious inspector Jules Maigret appeared in over 100 detective novels and short stories cherished in France and abroad.
LEGENDARY ADDRESS
More recently, the address was used as the title of the 2004 police drama starring French film stars Gérard Depardieu and Daniel Auteuil, in which the two leading men battle bandits and each other to become the next director of the elite police unit.
It is located on the Île de la Cité, one of two natural islands on the Seine river in central Paris, adjacent to the Palais de Justice.
To mark the occasion, France's national post service said the building’s façade would grace 1.5 million stamps available for purchase from September 13.
But the landmark's 100th birthday could also be one of its last as the HQ of the Police Judiciaire.
The investigative unit is scheduled to move to more modern premises in Paris's 17th district starting in 2016.
Law enforcement officials have told French media that while the “36” held a mythical status among them, the 100-year-old facility presented too many challenges for modern-day police work.
Date created : 2013-08-01
Question:
36 Quai des Orfevres is the headquarters of the French equivalent of which UK body?
Answer:
Scotland Yards
Passage:
Ig Nobel Prize
The Ig Nobel Prizes is a parody of the Nobel Prizes and is given out in early October each year for ten unusual or trivial achievements in scientific research.

The stated aim of the prizes is to "honor achievements that first make people laugh, and then make them think". The awards are sometimes veiled criticism (or gentle satire), but are also used to point out that even the most absurd-sounding avenues of research can yield useful knowledge. Organized by the scientific humor magazine Annals of Improbable Research (AIR), they are presented by a group that includes Nobel laureates at a ceremony at Harvard University's Sanders Theater, and they are followed by a set of public lectures by the winners at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 

The name is a play on the words ignoble ("characterized by baseness, lowness, or meanness")  and the Nobel Prize. The pronunciation used during the ceremony is , not like the word "ignoble".

History 

The first Ig Nobels were created in 1991 by Marc Abrahams, editor and co-founder of the Annals of Improbable Research, and the master of ceremonies at all subsequent awards ceremonies. Awards were presented at that time for discoveries "that cannot, or should not, be reproduced". Ten prizes are awarded each year in many categories, including the Nobel Prize categories of physics, chemistry, physiology/medicine, literature, and peace, but also other categories such as public health, engineering, biology, and interdisciplinary research. The Ig Nobel Prizes recognize genuine achievements, with the exception of three prizes awarded in the first year to fictitious scientists Josiah S. Carberry, Paul DeFanti, and Thomas Kyle.

The awards are sometimes veiled criticism (or gentle satire), as in the two awards given for homeopathy research, prizes in "science education" to the Kansas and Colorado state boards of education for their stance regarding the teaching of evolution, and the prize awarded to Social Text after the Sokal affair. Most often, however, they draw attention to scientific articles that have some humorous or unexpected aspect. Examples range from the discovery that the presence of humans tends to sexually arouse ostriches, to the statement that black holes fulfill all the technical requirements to be the location of Hell, to research on the "five-second rule", a tongue-in-cheek belief that food dropped on the floor will not become contaminated if it is picked up within five seconds.

In 2010, Sir Andre Geim was awarded a Nobel Prize in physics for his work with graphene, thus becoming the first person to have received both a Nobel Prize and an individual Ig Nobel prize.  

Ceremony 

The prizes are presented by genuine Nobel laureates, originally at a ceremony in a lecture hall at MIT but now in Sanders Theater at Harvard University. It contains a number of running jokes, including Miss Sweetie Poo, a little girl who repeatedly cries out, "Please stop: I'm bored", in a high-pitched voice if speakers go on too long.  The awards ceremony is traditionally closed with the words: "If you didn't win a prize—and especially if you did—better luck next year!"

The ceremony is co-sponsored by the Harvard Computer Society, the Harvard–Radcliffe Science Fiction Association and the Harvard–Radcliffe Society of Physics Students.

Throwing paper planes onto the stage is a long-standing tradition at the Ig Nobels. In past years, physics professor Roy J. Glauber swept the stage clean of the airplanes as the official "Keeper of the Broom" for years. Glauber could not attend the 2005 awards because he was traveling to Stockholm to claim a genuine Nobel Prize in Physics.

The "Parade of Ignitaries" brings various supporting groups into the hall. At the 1997 ceremonies, a team of "cryogenic sex researchers" distributed a pamphlet titled "Safe Sex at Four Kelvin". Delegates from the Museum of Bad Art are often on hand to display some pieces from their collection too.

Outreach 

The ceremony is recorded and broadcast on National Public Radio and is shown live over the Internet. The recording is broadcast every year, on the Friday after U.S. Thanksgiving, on the public radio program Science Friday. In recognition of this, the audience chants the first name of the radio show's host, Ira Flatow.

Two books have been published  with write-ups on some of the winners: The Ig Nobel Prize (2002, US paperback ISBN 0-452-28573-9, UK paperback ISBN 0-7528-4261-7) and The Ig Nobel Prize 2 (2005, US hardcover ISBN 0-525-94912-7, UK hardcover ISBN 0-7528-6461-0), which was later retitled The Man Who Tried to Clone Himself (ISBN 0-452-28772-3).

An Ig Nobel Tour has been an annual part of National Science week in the United Kingdom since 2003.  The tour has also traveled to Australia several times, Aarhus University in Denmark in April 2009, Italy and The Netherlands.

Reception 

A September 2009 article in The National titled "A noble side to Ig Nobels" says that, although the Ig Nobel Awards are veiled criticism of trivial research, history shows that trivial research sometimes leads to important breakthroughs.  For instance, in 2006, a study showing that one of the malaria mosquitoes (Anopheles gambiae) is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger cheese and the smell of human feet  earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology. However, as a direct result of these findings, traps baited with this cheese have been placed in strategic locations in some parts of Africa to combat the epidemic of malaria.
Question:
In 1991, a spoof Nobel Prize, called The Ig Nobel Prize, for achievements that cannot or should not be repeated was  instigated by which US university?
Answer:
Harvard University Crimson
