Passage:
Shadoof
A shadoof or shaduf  (an Arabic word, , šādūf) is an irrigation tool. A less common English translation is swape  and it is also called a counterpoise lift,  well pole, well sweep. or simply a sweep in the US.  It uses a bucket attached to a lever with a fulcrum fixed in the ground. The shadoof was an early tool used by Mesopotamian and Nile River peoples to draw water.  It is still used in many areas of Africa and Asia and very common in rural areas of India such as in the Bhojpuri belt of the Ganges plain where it is named "dhenki". They remain common in Hungary's Great Plain, where they are known as "gémeskút" (literally, "heron wells") and are considered a symbol of the region.  It was also known by the Ancient Greek name kēlōn () or kēlōneion ()

Construction

The shadoof consists of an upright frame on which is suspended a long pole or branch, at a distance of about one-fifth of its length from one end. At the long end of this pole hangs a bucket, skin bag, or bitumen-coated reed basket. The bucket can be made in many different styles, sometimes having an uneven base or a part at the top of the skin that can be untied. This allows the water to be immediately distributed rather than manually emptied. The short end carries a weight (clay, stone, or similar) which serves as the counterpoise of a lever.  When correctly balanced, the counterweight will support a half-filled bucket, so some effort is used to pull an empty bucket down to the water, but only the same effort is needed to lift a full bucket.

With an almost effortless swinging and lifting motion, the waterproof vessel is used to scoop up and carry water from one body of water (typically, a river or pond) to another. At the end of each movement, the water is emptied out into runnels that convey the water along irrigation ditches in the required direction.
Question:
A Shadoof is a device used to raise what?
Answer:
Watery
Passage:
Member of Congress
A Member of Congress (MC) is a person who has been appointed or elected and inducted into an official body called a congress, typically to represent a particular constituency in a legislature. Member of Parliament (MP) is an equivalent term in other jurisdictions.

United States

In referring to a lawmaker in their capacity of serving in Congress the term Member of Congress is used less often than other terms in the United States. This is because in the United States the word Congress is used as a descriptive term for the collective body of legislators, from both houses of its bicameral federal legislature, the Senate and the House of Representatives. For this reason, and in order to distinguish who is a member of which house, a member of the Senate is typically referred to as Senator (Senator "name" from "state"), and a member of the House of Representatives is usually referred to as Congressman (Congressman "name" from the "number" district of "state"), or Representative (Representative "name" from the "number" district of "state").

Members of Congress in both houses are elected by direct popular vote. Senators are elected via a statewide vote and representatives by voters in each congressional district. Congressional districts are apportioned to the states, once every ten years, based on population figures from the most recent nationwide census. Each of the 435 members of the House of Representatives is elected to serve a two-year term representing the people of his district.  Each state, regardless of its size, has at least one congressman. Each of the 100 members of the Senate is elected to serve a six-year term representing the people of his state. Each state, regardless of its size, has two senators. Senatorial terms are staggered, so every two years approximately one-third of the Senate is up for election. Each staggered group of one-third of the senators is called a 'class'. No state has both its senators in the same class. 

History of the United States Congress

The United States Congress was created in Article I of the Constitution, where the Founding Fathers laid out the limitations and powers of Congress. Article I grants Congress legislative power and lists the enumerated powers and allows Congress to make laws that are necessary and proper to carry out the enumerated powers. It specifies the election and composition of the House of Representatives and Senate and the qualifications necessary to serve in each chamber.

The Seventeenth Amendment changed how senators were elected. Originally, senators were elected by state legislatures. The Seventeenth Amendment changed this to senators being elected directly by popular vote.
Question:
How many members are there in the US upper house, the Senate?
Answer:
100
Passage:
French Somaliland
French Somaliland (, lit. "French Coast of Somalis"; ; , ʾArḍ Aṣ-Ṣūmāl Al-Fransī) was a French colony in the Horn of Africa. It existed between 1883 and 1967.

History

It was established between 1883 and 1887, after the ruling Somali and Afar sultans signed the land away in various treaties with the French.    The construction of the Imperial Ethiopian Railway west into Ethiopia turned the port of Djibouti into a boomtown of 15,000"Jibuti" [i.e., Djibouti] in the Encyclopædia Britannica 11th ed., Vol. 15. 1911. at a time when Harar was the only city in Ethiopia to exceed that."Abyssinia" [i.e., Ethiopia] in the Encyclopædia Britannica 11th ed, Vol. 1. 1911. Although the population fell after the completion of the line to Dire Dawa and the original company failed and required a government bail-out, the rail link allowed the territory to quickly supersede the caravan-based trade carried on at Zeila  (then in the British area of Somaliland) and become the premier port for coffee and other goods leaving southern Ethiopia and the Ogaden through Harar.

The railway continued to operate following the Italian conquest of Ethiopia but, following the tumult of the Second World War, the area became an overseas territory of France in 1946. In 1967, French Somaliland was renamed the French Territory of the Afars and the Issas and, in 1977, it became the independent country of Djibouti.
Question:
In 1967, French Somaliland became the French Territory of the Afars and Issas. To what did the country change its name on gaining independence in 1977?
Answer:
Territoire français des Afars et des Issas
Passage:
Fear of fish
Fear of fish or ichthyophobia ranges from cultural phenomena such as fear of eating fish, fear of touching raw fish, or fear of dead fish, up to irrational fear (specific phobia).  Galeophobia is the fear specifically of sharks. 

Phobia

Ichthyophobia is described in Psychology: An International Perspective as an "unusual" specific phobia.Michael W. Eysenck. Psychology: An International Perspective, Psychology Press, 2004, p839, ISBN 1-84169-360-X  Both symptoms and remedies of ichthyophobia are common to most specific phobias.

John B. Watson, a renowned name of behaviorism, describes an example, quoted in many books in psychology, of conditioned fear of a goldfish in an infant and a way of unconditioning of the fear by what is called now graduated exposure therapy: 

In contrast, radical exposure therapy was used successfully to cure a man with a "life affecting" fish phobia on the 2007 documentary series, The Panic Room. 

Cultural phenomenon

Historically, the Navajo people were described as being ichthyophobic,Washington Matthews. Ichthyophobia, The Journal of American Folklore, Vol. 11, No. 41 (1898), pp. 105-112William H. Lyon. The Navajos in the American Historical Imagination, 1868-1900, Ethnohistory, Vol. 45, No. 2 (1998), pp. 237-275 due to their aversion to fish. However, this was later recognised as a cultural or mythic aversion to aquatic animals,  and not a psychological condition.

Fear of eating fish

The Journal of the American Medical Association have published a research paper  addressing the fears of eating fish  because contaminants, such as mercury may be accumulated in fish.

Cases of ichthyophobia

In his autobiography, Italian footballer Paolo Di Canio describes finding that his then team-mate, Peter Grant suffered from ichthyophobia. During a practical joke, Di Canio describes Grant's fearful reaction after finding a salmon head in his bed.  Grant told The Independent that item in his bed was in fact a "shark's head" and "to say I got a fright when I put my feet between the sheets is an understatement." 

Etymology

The term ichthyophobia comes from the Greek ἰχθῦς - ichthus, meaning "fish"  and φόβος - phobos, "fear".  Galeophobia comes from the Greek γαλεός - galeos, "small shark".
Question:
Ichthyophobia is the irrational fear of which creatures?
Answer:
Fish proteins
Passage:
Marty McFly
Martin Seamus "Marty" McFly is a fictional character in the Back to the Future trilogy. He is portrayed by actor Michael J. Fox. Marty also appears in the animated series, where he was voiced by David Kaufman. In the videogame by Telltale Games, he is voiced by A.J. Locascio; in addition, Fox voiced Marty's future counterparts at the end of the game. In 2008, Marty McFly was selected by Empire magazine as the 12th Greatest Movie Character of All Time. 

Eric Stoltz was originally cast as Marty McFly, but after five weeks of shooting scenes for the first film, director Robert Zemeckis and executive producer Steven Spielberg chose to re-cast the role to Fox.

Biography

Marty was born in Hill Valley, California to a family of Irish descent. Little is known about Marty's life prior to the first Back to the Future film, except for the fact that he set fire to the living-room rug when he was 8 years old (which is revealed via a statement of Marty's to his future parents). 

In 1985, Marty plays guitar with his group The Pinheads and likes listening to Huey Lewis and the News, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, and Van Halen. He is also a talented skateboarder and proven to be an excellent shot with a gun, honed by endlessly playing shooting games such as Wild Gunman at his local 7-Eleven.  

Marty is an accident-prone everyman who can sometimes lack critical thinking skills; he is nevertheless brave in the face of danger and can be very quick-witted and intelligent. He has shown some good and basic street fighting skills and often throws punches in hand-to-hand confrontations. He is loyal to his family and friends, regardless of whether or not he is estranged from them.  His major character flaw is his pride, which causes him to take unnecessary risks to show others that he is not a chicken, as demonstrated at various points throughout the trilogy. However, during a visit in 1885, when his ancestor Seamus McFly mentions that his brother Martin was killed in an argument after someone questioned his bravery, Marty begins to re-think his stance on what other people think of him.  At one point, Doc even inadvertently implies that Marty could possibly meet a similar fate (his near future involvement in a dire traffic collision after being taunted by his school rival Douglas J. Needles), leading Marty to considering his actions further. Later, Biff Tannen's great-grandfather, Buford, goads Marty into a showdown, which ends with Marty victorious.  However, the experience from this event, in addition to Seamus's advice, changes Marty.  This is highlighted when, despite Needles' goading, Marty refuses to race him, thus avoiding the aforementioned automobile accident. Over the course of the story, Marty learns how to make his decisions on his own terms instead of being influenced by others, thereby changing his future for the better.

Family

Marty McFly is the youngest of three children from George McFly and Lorraine Baines-McFly. He has a brother Dave McFly and a sister Linda McFly. His secondary entourage consists of girlfriend Jennifer Parker and best friend Emmett Brown, a scientist whom Marty and Jennifer call "Doc." There is an impression that Marty is embarrassed by his family and does not spend much time at home, preferring to hang out with Doc, Jennifer, or the guys in his band, The Pinheads.  However, Marty's relationships with his family changed after he returns from 1955, with him no longer being estranged from his parents and his father working as a local college professor and a successful novelist in the alternate timeline he inadvertently created.  Marty also meets his great-great paternal grandparents Seamus and Maggie, when he was stranded in 1885. He also meets their infant son William, Marty's great grandfather.  Through his interaction with Seamus and Maggie, Marty discovers that Seamus had a brother named Martin, thus Marty's great-great granduncle, who died prior to the events of the third film.

How exactly Marty and Doc met has never been explained, although a draft script for the first film states that, in 1983, Doc turned up at Marty's garage one day and offered him $50 a week, plus free beer and use of his record collection, to clean his garage.  This explanation is not accepted by most fans, as it contradicts the characterizations of Marty and Doc as seen in the finished film. Writers Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale say they once considered expanding on their relationship, but decided against it, reasoning that children and adolescents are often drawn to eccentric or mysterious neighbors.

By 2015, Marty has married his girlfriend Jennifer and they had twins, Martin "Marty" Jr. and Marlene, who were born on April 28, 1998 (both played by Michael J. Fox). However, the events at the end of Back To The Future Part III, where Marty avoided the race with Needles, may affect the outcome of events as seen in Part II.

Aliases

Marty has had many false names through the Back to the Future series, usually because of encountering his relatives at some point, most notably Lorraine mistakenly thinking his name is Calvin Klein, due to it being Marty's brand of underwear. In the first film, Marty uses the alias of "Darth Vader, an extraterrestrial from the Planet Vulcan" while wearing a radiation suit in an attempt to coerce George into asking Lorraine out to the dance. In Part III, Marty claims to be "Clint Eastwood" when asked for a name first by Maggie McFly and later by Buford Tannen. In Back to the Future: The Game, he uses one of the three aliases; Sonny Crockett, Harry Callahan, and Michael Corleone.

In Italy and Spain, Calvin Klein was not well known in the mid-1980s, so the name "Levi Strauss" was used in both countries. In France, the name was similarly changed to "Pierre Cardin."
Question:
Who played 'Marty McFly in the film 'Back to the Future'?
Answer:
Michael Andrew Fox
Passage:
Fakt
Fakt (Polish for "fact") is a Polish tabloid-style daily newspaper and is one of the best-selling papers in the country. 

History and profile

Fakt was launched in October 2003 by the Polish outlet of the German publishing company Axel Springer AG,  Axel Springer Polska, and modeled on Springer's German tabloid Bild,  the biggest-selling newspaper in Europe. Like its German counterpart Bild, Fakt is characterised by its downmarket, often sensationalist journalism with a populist appeal. However, politically it is by and large centrist. Then the paper supported former prime minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz's policies; Marcinkiewicz also regularly contributes invited comments. Other regular contributors of op-ed pieces include Tomasz Lis, a prominent television journalist with political ambitions, TVN anchorman Kamil Durczok, and former Rzeczpospolita columnist Maciej Rybiński.

Untypically for a tabloid and in contrast to its usual content, Fakt has a weekly supplement entitled Europa which contains highbrow (non-original) essays by scholars and public intellectuals, which in 2006 have included Niall Ferguson, Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, and Robert Kagan.

The headquarters of Fakt is in Warsaw and the paper is published in tabloid format.

The circulation of Fakt was 715,000 copies in 2003, making it the best selling newspaper in the country. Its circulation was 373,700 copies in Germany. 

Response from competitors

Within a short time, Fakt replaced the upmarket to middle-market Gazeta Wyborcza as Poland's biggest-selling newspaper, also putting pressure on Super Express, until then the only national tabloid. Gazeta Wyborcza's publisher Agora S.A. responded with the (failed) launch of a distinct middle-market paper Nowy Dzień to compete directly with Fakt.

When Fakt was launched at a price of 1 Polish złoty, Super Express 's publisher MediaExpress accused Springer of dumping its daily at a cover-price lower than its production costs. Having lost the lawsuit against Springer, MediaExpress reduced the price of Super Express to Fakts level.

Criticism

Like Bild and other tabloid press products, Fakt has been subjected to criticism concerning its style of journalism from media watchdogs. Twice so far, the Association of Polish Journalists awarded Fakt with its "Hyena Of The Year" award for "particular unscrupulousness and neglect of the principles of the journalistic work ethic": In 2004, Fakt had published a photograph showing the nude dead body of a murder victim; in 2005 it had published the photo of an innocent person with the caption "This sex offender is at large".
Question:
Fakt is the biggest-selling daily newspaper in which European country?
Answer:
Etymology of Poland
Passage:
The Bottle Inn
The Bottle Inn is a 16th-century public house in Marshwood in Dorset, England which hosts the World Nettle Eating Championship. The building started life as an ale house being close to a church where people came to pay their tithes. It was named The Bottle Inn sometime late in the 18th Century when it became the first inn in the area to sell bottled beers. During its history the building has also housed the village shop and during World War II, the village school. The  Bottle Inn was purchased as a Free House in 1982 from Ushers Brewery by Michael and Pauline Brookes. Through their hard work they built up not only the food trade but also the local trade, establishing skittle teams, dart teams, table skittle teams and domino teams. This pub has always been a popular destination for holiday makers en route to and from the coast in the summer months.  

World Nettle Eating Championship

The Bottle Inn hosts the annual World Nettle Eating Championships as part of a charity beer festival.  Competitors are served  long stalks of stinging nettles from which they pluck and eat the leaves. After an hour the bare stalks are measured and the winner is the competitor with the greatest accumulated length of nettles. The contest began in the late 1980s when two farmers argued over who had the longest stinging nettles in their field and evolved into the World Nettle Eating Championships when one of the farmers promised to eat any nettle which was longer than his. The championship has separate men’s and women’s sections and attracts competitors from as far afield as Canada and Australia. 

In June 2010 Sam Cunningham, a fishmonger from Somerset won the contest, after eating 74 ft of nettles. 

In June 2014 Phillip Thorne, a chef from Colyton, Devon won the contest, after eating 80 ft of nettles.
Question:
The Bottle Inn at Marshwood in Dorset has what annual eye watering and tongue numbing item on the menu?
Answer:
Large-leaved Nettle
Passage:
Eden District
Eden is a local government district in Cumbria, England.  Its council is based in Penrith.  It is named after the River Eden which flows north through the district toward Carlisle.

It has an area of 2,156 km², making it (since 2009) the eighth largest district in England and the largest non-unitary district. It also has the lowest population density of any district in England and Wales, with a mean of just 25 persons per square kilometre.
In 2011, the population was 5% above its 2001 level.
The district council was created on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, from the Penrith urban district, Alston with Garrigill Rural District and Penrith Rural District, all in Cumberland, and Appleby Municipal Borough, part of Lakes urban district and North Westmorland Rural District, all in Westmorland.

Part of the Lake District National Park is in the district.

The West Coast Main Railway Line runs through the district but with only one station at Penrith. Services on this line are provided by Virgin Trains and TransPennine Express. The Northern Settle-Carlisle Railway also goes through the district and has stations at Armathwaite, Lazonby, Langwathby, Appleby and Kirkby Stephen.

Roads through the district are the M6 motorway, the A6 and the A66.

It was shown a national detailed Land Use Survey by the Office for National Statistics in 2005 that Eden District has the second lowest proportion of land taken up by roads of any district in England: 0.8%, fractionally greater than Craven in North Yorkshire and both adjoining the Pennines.  This compared with a maximum of over 20% in four London boroughs and the City of London.[http://neighbourhood.statistics.gov.uk Key Statistics: Dwellings; Quick Statistics: Population Density; Physical Environment: Land Use Survey 2005] 2011 census

In that detailed survey (to the nearest m²) it was shown that Eden District had the greatest proportion of greenspace (which excludes domestic gardens) of any district, 97.9%, as shown by the following extract:

Wards

Below is a list of the wards that form Eden:

* = denotes wards represented by 2 councillors; all others have 1 except for Penrith North which has 3

*Alston Moor*
*Appleby (Appleby)
*Appleby (Bongate)
*Askham
*Brough
*Crosby Ravensworth
*Dacre
*Eamont
*Greystoke
*Hartside
*Hesket*
*Kirkby Stephen*
*Kirkby Thore
*Kirkoswald
*Langwathby

*Lazonby
*Long Marton
*Morland
*Orton with Tebay
*Penrith Carleton
*Penrith East*
*Penrith North
*Penrith Pategill
*Penrith South*
*Penrith West*
*Ravenstonedale
*Shap
*Skelton
*Ullswater
*Warcop

Sports and recreation

In Eden there are King George's Fields, in memorial to King George V, at Appleby and Patterdale.

The council is the owner of the Penrith Leisure Centre which is run by a private company under contract.  The council also owns a number of playing fields and recreation grounds throughout the district most notably the sports pitches at Frenchfield near Carleton on the outskirts of Penrith.
Question:
Which English town or city lies on the rivers, Eden, Caldew, and Petteril?
Answer:
Carlisle (disambiguation)
Passage:
Ain't Misbehavin' (song)
Ain't Misbehavin is a 1929 stride jazz/early swing composition with 32 bars in AABA measure with a slow-to-moderate pace. With lyrics by Andy Razaf and score by Thomas "Fats" Waller and Harry Brooks, the number was created specifically as a theme song for the Razaf/Waller/Brooks off-Broadway musical comedy Connie's Hot Chocolates.   In a 1941 interview with Eddie "Rochester" Anderson, Fats claimed the song was written while "lodging" in alimony prison, and that is why he was not "misbehaving".

The song was first performed at the premiere of Connie's Hot Chocolates at Connie's Inn in Harlem as an opening number by Margaret Simms and Paul Bass, and repeated later in the musical by Russell Wooding's Hallelujah Singers. Connie's Hot Chocolates transferred to the Hudson Theatre on Broadway in June 1929, where it was renamed to Hot Chocolates and where Louis Armstrong took over as orchestra director. The script also required Armstrong to play Ain't Misbehavin in a trumpet solo, and although this was initially slated to only be a reprise of the opening song, Armstrong's performance was so well received that the trumpeter was asked to climb out of the orchestra pit and play the piece on stage.

In the first half of the 20th century, when a tune was successful in terms of sheet music sold, it was typically recorded by several different artists. All six Ain't Misbehavin recordings of 1929 were hits in the ASCAP rankings for that year:
* Leo Reisman and his orchestra (with vocals by Lew Conrad, #2)
* Louis Armstrong (#7)
* Bill Bojangles Robinson (with Irving Mills & his Hotsy Totsy Gang, #8)
* Gene Austin (with Leonard Joy & his orchestra, #9)
* Ruth Etting (#16)
* Fats Waller (instrumental version, #17)
Waller re-recorded the song with vocals for the 1943 film Stormy Weather. Waller's recording received the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1984, and it was one of fifty recordings selected for inclusion in the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress in 2004. In 2001, it was one of 365 Songs of the Century selected by the RIAA.

Ain't Misbehavin has been recorded by many other performers over the years, including Anita O'Day, Sarah Vaughan (for "Sarah Vaughan in Hi-Fi"; 1950), Billie Holiday, Eartha Kitt, Ella Fitzgerald, Django Reinhardt, Harry James, Miles Davis, Kay Starr, Frankie Laine, Art Tatum, Floyd Pepper, Sonny Stitt, Sam Cooke, Johnnie Ray, Sidney Bechet, Ray Charles, Nat King Cole, Elkie Brooks, Eyran Katsenelenbogen, Willie Nelson, Kermit Ruffins, Leon Redbone, Freddie White, Dave Brubeck, Johnny Hartman and Bill Haley & His Comets (who recorded a rock and roll version in 1957). Johnnie Ray's version reached number 17 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1956.  In 1960, Tommy Bruce and the Bruisers had a number 3 hit in the UK Singles Chart with their cover version of the song.  Leon Redbone performed the song on Saturday Night Live in 1976. It served as the title song of the successful 1978 musical Ain't Misbehavin'.

Hank Williams, Jr. version

Hank Williams, Jr.'s recording was one of the singles released from the album Five-O, his fiftieth album. The single met with great commercial success, making it to the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1986. It was his eighth number one and Williams' version of "Ain't Misbehavin'" was also well received by critics, earning him nominations for the Country Music Association's Male Vocalist of the Year and the Grammy Award for Best Country Vocal Performance, Male.

Chart positions
Question:
"Which jazz pianist and composer composed ""Ain't Misbehavin""' and ""Honeysuckle Rose""?"
Answer:
Handful of Keys (1960 album)
Passage:
Academic conference
An academic conference or symposium is a conference for researchers (not necessarily academics) to present and discuss their work. Together with academic or scientific journals, conferences provide an important channel for exchange of information between researchers.

Overview 

Conferences are usually composed of various presentations. They tend to be short and concise, with a time span of about 10 to 30 minutes; presentations are usually followed by a discussion. The work may be bundled in written form as academic papers and published as the conference proceedings.

Usually a conference will include keynote speakers (often, scholars of some standing, but sometimes individuals from outside academia). The keynote lecture is often longer, lasting sometimes up to an hour and a half, particularly if there are several keynote speakers on a panel.

In addition to presentations, conferences also feature panel discussions, round tables on various issues and workshops.

Presentations 

Prospective presenters are usually asked to submit a short abstract of their presentation, which will be reviewed before the presentation is accepted for the meeting. Some disciplines require presenters to submit a paper of about 6–15 pages, which is peer reviewed by members of the program committee or referees chosen by them.

In some disciplines, such as English and other languages, it is common for presenters to read from a prepared script. In other disciplines such as the sciences, presenters usually base their talk around a visual presentation that displays key figures and research results.

Size 

A large meeting will usually be called a conference, while a smaller is termed a workshop. They might be single track or multiple track, where the former has only one session at a time, while a multiple track meeting has several parallel sessions with speakers in separate rooms speaking at the same time.

The larger the conference, the more likely it is that academic publishing houses may set up displays. Large conferences also may have a career and job search and interview activities.

At some conferences, social or entertainment activities such as tours and receptions can be part of the program. Business meetings for learned societies or interest groups can also be part of the conference activities.

Types 

Academic conferences typically fall into three categories:
* the themed conference, small conferences organized around a particular topic;
* the general conference, a conference with a wider focus, with sessions on a wide variety of topics. These conferences are often organized by regional, national, or international learned societies, and held annually or on some other regular basis.
* the professional conference, large conferences not limited to academics but with academically related issues.

Infrastructure 

Increasing numbers of amplified conferences are being provided which exploit the potential of WiFi networks and mobile devices in order to enable remote participants to contribute to discussions and listen to ideas.

Advanced technology for meeting with any yet  unknown person in a conference is performed by active RFID that may indicate wilfully identified and relatively located upon approach via electronic tags.

Organizing an academic conference

Conferences are usually organized either by a scientific society or by a group of researchers with a common interest. Larger meetings may be handled on behalf of the scientific society by a Professional Conference Organiser or PCO. 

The meeting is announced by way of a Call For Papers (CFP) or a Call For Abstracts, which is sent to prospective presenters and explains how to submit their abstracts or papers. It describes the broad theme and lists the meeting's topics and formalities such as what kind of abstract (summary) or paper has to be submitted, to whom, and by what deadline. A CFP is usually distributed using a mailing list or on specialized online services. Contributions are usually submitted using an online abstract or paper management service.

Fraudulent conferences

There have been accusations for fake, scam, or fraudulent conferences;   see also BIT Life Sciences and SCIgen § In conferences.
Question:
What was a originally an ancient Greek post-banquet drinking party, and nowadays refers to a researchers/academic conference?
Answer:
Symposion
Passage:
Braeburn
The 'Braeburn' is a cultivar of apple that is firm to the touch with a red/orange vertical streaky appearance on a yellow/green background. Its color intensity varies with different growing conditions.

It was discovered as a chance seedling in 1952 by the farmer O. Moran from Waiwhero in the Moutere Hills near Motueka, New Zealand. It was then cultivated by the Williams Brothers nursery as a potential export variety. It is thought to be a cross between Granny Smith and Lady Hamilton.  The apple itself is named after Braeburn Orchard where it was first commercially grown.

Braeburn apples have a combination of sweet and tart flavour. They are available October through April in the northern hemisphere  and are medium to large in size. They are a popular fruit for growers because of their ability to store well when chilled. 

Braeburn apples are useful in cooking in that they hold their shape and do not release a great deal of liquid making them ideal for tarts.  According to the US Apple Association website it is one of the fifteen most popular apple cultivars in the United States. 

Braeburn Browning Disorder 

Apples can be preserved by short, medium or long-term
storage. Braeburn can turn brown inside during commercial long term storage, and it’s usually not possible to tell if an apple has the Braeburn browning disorder until a person bites or cuts into it.  Apples respond dramatically to both temperature and atmosphere modification. Rapid temperature reduction and the exacting maintenance of low temperature close to the chilling point of the variety can provide good to medium quality product following 3 to 6 mo of storage and in some cases longer. However, modern commercial warehouses couple
temperature management with controlled atmosphere (CA) for long-term storage of apples. Braeburn can be stored at 0 °C in air for 3–4 months, and in CA for 8–10 months, with only a slight susceptibility to scalding although it is sensitive to carbon dioxide.  The variety has a relatively impermeable skin, which restricts diffusion of gases into and out of the fruit, leading to high internal carbon dioxide concentrations. 

The browning disorder seems worse in overmature fruit, fruit from lightly cropped trees, and large fruit, but it can show up on different trees in different years, and in some regions, but not others.

Maintaining the superior qualities of Braeburn while eliminating Braeburn browning disorder led to development of the Jazz cultivar. Since Braeburn is such a desirable variety, commercial orchards and trees in regions and locations that have proven not susceptible to the browning disorder are being maintained. Since most home orchardists do not attempt very long term storage, they do not encounter the browning disorder.

Disease susceptibility 

*Scab: high 
*Powdery mildew: high
*Cedar apple rust: high
*Fire blight: high
Question:
Braeburn is a variety of which type of fruit?
Answer:
Apple Blossom
Passage:
Secretary to the Admiralty
The office of Secretary to the Admiralty or (from the mid-18th century) First Secretary to the Admiralty was formerly an important position within the Admiralty of the United Kingdom, which was responsible for the government of the Royal Navy.

In 1870, the office of First Secretary was renamed Parliamentary Secretary to the Admiralty, while the office of Second Secretary to the Admiralty was renamed Permanent Secretary to the Admiralty. In 1886, the Parliamentary Secretary was renamed Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Admiralty.

From 1930, the Parliamentary and Financial Secretary was also a Civil Lord of the Admiralty. The office became vacant in 1959, and ministerial offices were reorganised when the Admiralty was merged into the Ministry of Defence in 1964, with the creation of a Minister of State and Under-Secretary of State for the Navy.

Office holders

(First) Secretary to the Admiralty

* Robert Blackborne, 1652–1660 
* Samuel Pepys, 1673–1679
* Thomas Hayter 1679–1680
* John Brisbane, 1680–1684
* Samuel Pepys, 1684–1689
* Phineas Bowles, 1689–1690
* James Southerne, 1690–1694
* William Bridgeman, 1694–1698 joint with Burchett
* Josiah Burchett, 1694–1742 joint with Bridgeman
* George Clarke, 1702–1705 joint with Bridgeman
* Thomas Corbett, 1741–1751 joint with Bridgeman
* John Clevland, 1751–1763 (First Secretary from 1759)
* Philip Stephens, 1763–1795
* Evan Nepean, 1795–1804
* William Marsden, 1804–1807
* Hon. William Wellesley Pole, 1807–1809
* John Wilson Croker, 1809–1830
* Hon. George Elliot, 1830–1834
* George Robert Dawson, 1834–1835
* Charles Wood, 1835–1839
* Richard More O'Ferrall, 1839–1841
* John Parker, 1841
* Hon. Sidney Herbert, 1841–1845
* Hon. Henry Lowry-Corry, 1845–1846
* Henry George Ward, 1846–1849
* John Parker, 1849–1852
* Augustus Stafford, 1852
* Ralph Bernal Osborne, 1853–1858
* Hon. Henry Lowry-Corry, 1858–1859
* Lord Clarence Paget, 1859–1866
* Hon. Thomas Baring, 1866
* Lord Henry Lennox, 1866–1868
* William Edward Baxter, 1868–1871

Parliamentary Secretary to the Admiralty

* George Shaw-Lefevre, 1871–1874
* Hon. Algernon Egerton, 1874–1880
* George Shaw-Lefevre, 1880
* George Trevelyan, 1880–1882
* Henry Campbell-Bannerman, 1882–1884
* Thomas Brassey, 1884–1885
* Charles Ritchie, 1885–1886

Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Admiralty

* J. T. Hibbert 1886
* Arthur Forwood 1886–1892
* Sir Ughtred Kay-Shuttleworth, Bt, 1892–1895
* William Ellison-Macartney 1895–1900
* H. O. Arnold-Forster 1900–1903
*E. G. Pretyman 1903–1905
*Edmund Robertson 1905–1908
*Thomas Macnamara 1908–1920
*Sir James Craig, Bt 1920–1921
*Leo Amery 1921–1922
*Bolton Eyres-Monsell 1922–1923
*Archibald Boyd-Carpenter 1923–1924
*Charles Ammon 1924
*J. C. C. Davidson 1924–1926
*Cuthbert Headlam 1926–1929
*Charles Ammon 1929–1931
*The Earl Stanhope 1931
*Lord Stanley 1931–1935
*Sir Victor Warrender, Bt 1935
*Lord Stanley 1935–1937
*Geoffrey Shakespeare 1937–1940
*Sir Victor Warrender, Bt 1940–1945
*John Dugdale 1945–1950
*James Callaghan 1950–1951
*Allan Noble 1951–1955
*George Ward 1955–1957
*Christopher Soames 1957–1958
*Robert Allan 1958–1959
*Charles Ian Orr-Ewing 1959

office vacant from 16 October 1959
Question:
Which English MP, Chief Secretary to the Admiralty under King Charles II and King James II, kept a detailed private diary during 16601669 which contained personal revelations and eyewitness accounts of great events and, after publication in the 19th century, became a primary source for study of the English Restoration period?
Answer:
Pepys Diary
Passage:
BBC ON THIS DAY | 14 | 1969: New 50-pence coin sparks ...
BBC ON THIS DAY | 14 | 1969: New 50-pence coin sparks confusion
About This Site | Text Only
1969: New 50-pence coin sparks confusion
The seven-sided 50p coin has come into circulation to replace the 10-shilling note - but it has received a mixed reception.
It is the third decimal coin to be introduced into the British currency which goes totally decimal on 15 February, 1971, to be known as D-Day.
The British public have already got accustomed to the new 5p and 10p coins introduced last year. There are still three coins left to come - the 2p worth 4.8d, 1p (2.4d) and half pence (1.2d).
Today's new arrival, made of cupro-nickel, is the only heptagonal coin in circulation in the world, according to Lord Fiske, chairman of the Decimal Currency Board (DCB).
But some shopkeepers, bus conductors and members of the public are complaining that in spite of its distinctive shape it is too easily confused with the 10-pence coin or half crown.
One Londoner told the Evening News he accidentally left a 50p coin in a saucer full of 10ps as a tip for a waiter.
"Fortunately the waiter was dead honest and told me. But I suspect there'll be a lot of cases where that doesn't happen," he said.
Economic reasons for change
The DCB has stockpiled 120 million 50-pence coins at banks around the country ready for today's introduction of the coin, making it the largest ever issue of a new coin.
Lord Fiske said the reason for this was to replace the 200 million ten-bob notes as soon as possible.
He said the issue would eventually save the Treasury money. "The note is being replaced primarily on economic grounds. A 10s note has a life of some five months and the costs of distribution and withdrawal are comparatively high.
"Although a 50p coin will cost more to produce initially, it should have a life of at least 50 years and the metal will subsequently be recoverable."
But many people were unhappy with the new addition to their purses and pockets.
Question:
In which year was the 50 pence piece introduced into circulation?
Answer:
one thousand, nine hundred and sixty-nine
Passage:
Kniphofia
Kniphofia,  also called tritoma, red hot poker, torch lily, knofflers or poker plant, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asphodelaceae, first described as a genus in 1794.  It is native to Africa. Herbaceous species and hybrids have narrow, grass-like leaves 10 - long, while perennial species have broader, strap-shaped foliage up to  long. All plants produce spikes of upright, brightly colored flowers well above the foliage, in shades of red, orange and yellow, often bicoloured. The flowers produce copious nectar while blooming and are attractive to bees.  In the New World they may attract sap-suckers such as hummingbirds and New World orioles.

The Kniphofia genus is named after Johann Hieronymus Kniphof, an 18th-century German physician and botanist.

Cultivars

In addition to the species, many named cultivars of mixed or uncertain parentage have been selected for garden use. The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-
*'Bees' Sunset'  (yellow)
*'Brimstone Bloom'  (sulphur yellow)
*'Buttercup'  (clear yellow)
*'Nobilis'  (evergreen, orange and yellow)
*K. rooperi  (evergreen, oval spikes of red and yellow flowers)
*'Royal Standard'  (red and yellow)
*'Samuel's Sensation'  (tall herbaceous variety, scarlet flowers fading to yellow at the base)
*'Sunningdale Yellow'  (orange-yellow)
*'Tawny King'  (cream/brown)
*'Toffee Nosed'  (cream/brown)
*'Wrexham Buttercup'  (yellow)

;Species[http://apps.kew.org/wcsp/namedetail.do?name_id
279713 Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families]
# Kniphofia acraea Codd - Cape Province of South Africa 
# Kniphofia albescens Codd - Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia albomontana Baijnath - Lesotho, South Africa 
# Kniphofia angustifolia (Baker) Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia ankaratrensis Baker - Madagascar 
# Kniphofia baurii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia benguellensis Welw. ex Baker - Angola, Zambia 
# Kniphofia bequaertii De Wild. - Zaïre, Tanzania, Burundi, Rwanda, Uganda 
# Kniphofia brachystachya (Zahlbr.) Codd - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia breviflora Harv. ex Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Free State 
# Kniphofia bruceae (Codd) Codd - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia buchananii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia caulescens Baker - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province, Free State 
# Kniphofia citrina Baker - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia coddiana Cufod. - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia coralligemma E.A.Bruce - Limpopo 
# Kniphofia crassifolia Baker - Limpopo 
# Kniphofia drepanophylla Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia dubia De Wild - Zaire, Tanzania, Zambia, Angola 
# Kniphofia ensifolia Baker - South Africa 
# Kniphofia × erythraeae Fiori - Eritrea     (K. pumila × K. schimperi) 
# Kniphofia evansii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia fibrosa Baker  - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia flammula Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia fluviatilis Codd - South Africa 
# Kniphofia foliosa Hochst. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia galpinii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Swaziland, Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia goetzei Engl. - Tanzania 
# Kniphofia gracilis Harv. ex Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia grantii Baker - Zaïre, Tanzania, Zambia, Rwanda, Burundi, Uganda, Malawi 
# Kniphofia hildebrandtii Cufod. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia hirsuta Codd - Lesotho, Cape Province 
# Kniphofia ichopensis Schinz - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia insignis Rendle - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia isoetifolia Hochst. - Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia latifolia Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia laxiflora Kunth - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia leucocephala Baijnath - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia linearifolia Baker - Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Lesotho, Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia littoralis Codd - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia marungensis Lisowski & Wiland - Zaïre 
# Kniphofia mulanjeana S.Blackmore - Mt. Mulanje in Malawi 
# Kniphofia multiflora J.M.Wood & M.S.Evans - Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia nana Marais - Zaïre 
# Kniphofia northiae Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia nubigena Mildbr. - Sudan 
# Kniphofia pallidiflora Baker - Massif de l' Ankaratra in Madagascar 
# Kniphofia paludosa Engl - Elton Plateau in Tanzania 
# Kniphofia parviflora Kunth - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia pauciflora Baker - KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia porphyrantha Baker - Lesotho, Swaziland, South Africa  
# Kniphofia praecox Baker - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia princeae (A.Berger) Marais - Zaïre, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Malawi 
# Kniphofia pumila (Aiton) Kunth - Zaïre, Kenya, Uganda, South Sudan, Ethiopia, Eritrea 
# Kniphofia reflexa Hutch. ex Codd - Nigeria, Cameroon  (endangered)  
# Kniphofia reynoldsii Codd - Tanzania, Zambia 
# Kniphofia rigidifolia E.A.Bruce - Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia ritualis Codd - Free State, Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia rooperi (T.Moore) Lem. - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province  
# Kniphofia sarmentosa (Andrews) Kunth - Cape Province  
# Kniphofia schimperi Baker - Ethiopia, Eritrea 
# Kniphofia splendida E.A.Bruce - Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, northeastern South Africa, Swaziland  
# Kniphofia stricta Codd - Cape Province, Lesotho 
# Kniphofia sumarae Deflers - Ibb Mountains of Yemen 
# Kniphofia tabularis Marloth - Cape Province 
# Kniphofia thodei Baker  - Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal 
# Kniphofia thomsonii Baker - Zaïre, Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Ethiopia 
# Kniphofia triangularis Kunth - Lesotho, South Africa 
# Kniphofia typhoides Codd - Limpopo, KwaZulu-Natal, Free State, Mpumalanga 
# Kniphofia tysonii Baker - KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province, Swaziland 
# Kniphofia umbrina Codd - Swaziland 
# Kniphofia uvaria  (L.) Oken - - Cape Province; naturalized in Mexico, North Carolina, Spain, Oregon, Turkey, Washington State, St. Helena, California 
#

Gallery 

File:Yellow Kniphofia 1.jpg|Yellow Kniphofia
Image:Kniphofia 'Shenandoah' Flower 2112px.jpg|'Shenandoah' Red Hot Poker
File:Kniphofia uvaria einzeln.JPG|Kniphofia uvaria
File:Kniphofia foliosa.jpg|Kniphofia foliosa in Simien Mountains National Park, Ethiopia
Question:
The garden flower Kniphofia sometimes known as the ‘Torch Lily’ is more commonly known by what name?
Answer:
Torch lily
Passage:
Hydrangea - definition of hydrangea by The Free Dictionary
Hydrangea - definition of hydrangea by The Free Dictionary
Hydrangea - definition of hydrangea by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/hydrangea
 (hī-drān′jə, -drăn′-)
n.
Any of various shrubs of the genus Hydrangea, having opposite leaves and large, flat-topped or rounded clusters of white, pink, or blue flowers.
[New Latin Hydrangēa, genus name : hydr(o)- + Greek angeion, vessel (from the cuplike shape of their seed capsules ); see angio-.]
hydrangea
(haɪˈdreɪndʒə)
n
(Plants) any shrub or tree of the Asian and American genus Hydrangea, cultivated for their large clusters of white, pink, or blue flowers: family Hydrangeaceae
[C18: from New Latin, from Greek hudōr water + angeion vessel: probably from the cup-shaped fruit]
hy•dran•gea
(haɪˈdreɪn dʒə)
n., pl. -geas.
any shrub of the genus Hydrangea, of the saxifrage family, several of which are cultivated for their large flower clusters of white, pink, or blue.
[< New Latin (Linnaeus) < Greek hydr- hydr -1 + New Latin angea, feminine n. based on Greek angeîon vessel]
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
1.
hydrangea - any of various deciduous or evergreen shrubs of the genus Hydrangea
genus Hydrangea - type genus of Hydrangeaceae; large genus of shrubs and some trees and vines with white or pink or blue flower clusters; sometimes placed in family Saxifragaceae
Hydrangea anomala , climbing hydrangea - deciduous climber with aerial roots having white to creamy flowers in fairly flat heads
Hydrangea arborescens , wild hydrangea - deciduous shrub with creamy white flower clusters; eastern United States
hortensia , Hydrangea macrophylla hortensis - deciduous shrub bearing roundheaded flower clusters opening green and aging to pink or blue
fall-blooming hydrangea , Hydrangea paniculata - deciduous shrub or small tree with pyramidal flower clusters
Hydrangea petiolaris , climbing hydrangea - deciduous climber with aerial roots having large flat flower heads
carpenteria , Carpenteria californica - California evergreen shrub having glossy opposite leaves and terminal clusters of a few fragrant white flowers
Decumaria barbara , Decumaria barbata , decumary - woody climber of southeastern United States having white flowers in compound terminal clusters
deutzia - any of various shrubs of the genus Deutzia having usually toothed opposite leaves and shredding bark and white or pink flowers in loose terminal clusters
bush , shrub - a low woody perennial plant usually having several major stems
Translations
[haɪˈdreɪndʒə] N (Bot) → hortensia f
hydrangea
hydrangea
n (bot) hortensia
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content .
Link to this page:
Hydrangea anomala
References in classic literature ?
About us neither had gained a footing; laburnums, pink mays, snowballs, and trees of arbor- vitae, rose out of laurels and hydrangeas, green and brilliant into the sunlight.
He did not want to hear about hydrangeas, why they change their colour at the seaside.
Eggs, boilers, hydrangeas, maids--of such were their lives compact.
YOUASK..
But many gardeners in the UK have been disappointed after planting a beautiful blue hydrangea that then starts to produce pink flowers the following year.
All hail the hydrangeas; Forget those who say they're old hat... this is a plant always in fashion for gardeners with a love of colour
During the past few years, there have been some major developments in hydrangea hybridisation and growers are now offering an enormous range of macrophyllas, both mopheads and lacecaps.
THE LONE RANGEA; They're easy to grow and long-lasting . Now those in the know are adding a hydrangea to the garden
Some gardeners prize the new, flashier forms of Hydrangea paniculata where breeders have concentrated their attention on trying to produce pink cultivars.
Don't be a snob about hydrangeas; Easy to grow, long-lasting and charismatic, those in the know are adding a hydrangea
Supplies and Tools: Cutting utensils Pink roses stem White Queen Ann Lace stem White hydrangea bush Light blue small bush Pink small bush Teal small bush Teal tall bush Cream wisteria garland Panacea cloth-covered wire Glue gun Glue sticks David Tutera burlap ribbon Mason jar David Tutera lace ribbon Panacea crystal clear resin
DIY Wedding Trends
I don't thinkyou can get more bang for your buck in the garden than with a hydrangea.
Question:
Which flowers name translates from the Greek for Water Vessel or Water Carrier?
Answer:
Ajisai
Passage:
Cobalt blue
Cobalt blue is a blue pigment made by sintering cobalt(II) oxide with alumina at 1200 °C. Chemically, cobalt blue pigment is cobalt(II) oxide-aluminium oxide, or cobalt(II) aluminate, CoAl2O4. Cobalt blue is lighter and less intense than the (iron-cyanide based) pigment  Prussian blue. It is extremely stable and has historically been used as a coloring agent in ceramics, (especially Chinese porcelain), jewelry, and paint. Transparent glasses are tinted with the silica-based cobalt pigment smalt.

Historical uses and production

Cobalt blue in impure forms had long been used in Chinese porcelain,  but it was independently discovered as a pure alumina-based pigment by Louis Jacques Thénard in 1802.  Commercial production began in France in 1807. The first recorded use of cobalt blue as a color name in English was in 1777.  The leading world manufacturer of cobalt blue in the 19th century was Benjamin Wegner's Norwegian company Blaafarveværket, ("blue colour works" in Dano-Norwegian). Germany was also famous for production, especially the blue colour works (Blaufarbenwerke) in the Ore Mountains of Saxony.

Cobalt blue in human culture

Art
* Watercolorist and astrologer John Varley suggested cobalt blue as a good substitution for ultramarine for painting skies, writing in his "List of Colours" from 1818: "Used as a substitute for Ultramarine in its brightness of colour, and superior when used in skies and other objects, which require even tints; used occasionally in retrieving the brightness of those tines when too heavy, and for tints in drapery, etc. Capable, by its superior brilliancy and contrast, to subdue the brightness of other blues." 
* Cobalt blue has been used in paintings since its discovery by Thénard by painters such as Turner, the Impressionists such as Renoir, Monet and Post-Impressionists such as Van Gogh.  It is stable and lightfast and also compatible with all other pigments.
* Maxfield Parrish, famous partly for the intensity of his skyscapes, used cobalt blue, and cobalt blue is sometimes called Parrish blue as a result.
* Cobalt blue was the primary blue pigment used in Chinese blue and white porcelain for centuries, beginning in the late 8th or early 9th century. 
Automobiles
* Several car manufacturers including Jeep and Bugatti have cobalt blue as one paint options.
Construction
* Because of its chemical stability in the presence of alkali, cobalt blue is used as a pigment in blue concrete.
Glassmaking
* The blue seen on many glassware pieces is cobalt blue, and it is used widely by artists in many other fields.
* Cobalt glass almost perfectly filters out the bright yellow emission of ionized sodium.
Ophthalmology
*Cobalt blue is used as a filter used in ophthalmoscopes, and is used to illuminate the cornea of the eye following application of fluorescein dye which is used to detect corneal ulcers and scratches.
Sports
* Major League Soccer's Sporting Kansas City have had cobalt blue as the secondary color of its home uniforms since 2008. 
Vexillology
* Several countries including the Netherlands and Romania, and a U.S. state - Nevada - have cobalt blue as one of three shades of their flags.
Video Games
* Sega's official logo color is cobalt blue. Sonic the Hedgehog, Sega's current mascot, was colored to match. 

Toxicity 

Cobalt blue is toxic when inhaled or ingested. Potters who fail to take adequate precautions when using cobalt blue may succumb to cobalt poisoning.
Question:
Dodger, Oxford and Cobalt are shades of which colour?
Answer:
BLUE
Passage:
Mydriasis
Mydriasis is the dilation of the pupil, usually defined as when having a non-physiological cause,  but sometimes defined as potentially being a physiological pupillary response.  Non-physiological causes of mydriasis include disease, trauma, or the use of drugs. Normally, as part of the pupillary light reflex, the pupil dilates in the dark and constricts in the light to respectively improve vividity at night and to protect the retina from sunlight damage during the day. A mydriatic pupil will remain excessively large even in a bright environment. The excitation of the radial fibres of the iris which increases the pupillary aperture is referred to as a mydriasis. More generally, mydriasis also refers to the natural dilation of pupils, for instance in low light conditions or under sympathetic stimulation. 

An informal term for mydriasis is blown pupil, and is used by medical providers. It is usually used to refer to a fixed, unilateral mydriasis, which could be a symptom of raised intracranial pressure.

The opposite, constriction of the pupil, is referred to as miosis. Both mydriasis and miosis can be physiological. Anisocoria is the condition of one pupil being more dilated than the other.

Mechanism

There are two types of muscle that control the size of the iris: the iris sphincter, composed of circularly arranged muscle fibers, and the iris dilator, composed of radially arranged muscle fibers. The sphincter is innervated by (signaled by nerves of) the parasympathetic nervous system; the dilator by the sympathetic nervous system. Sympathetic stimulation of the adrenergic receptors causes the  contraction of the radial muscle and subsequent dilation of the pupil. Conversely, parasympathetic stimulation causes contraction of the circular muscle and constriction of the pupil. 

The mechanism of mydriasis depends on the agent being used. It usually involves either a disruption of the parasympathetic nerve supply to the eye (which normally constricts the pupil) or overactivity of the sympathetic nervous system (SNS).

Effects

Natural release of the hormone oxytocin can cause mild to moderate mydriasis. Strong sexual arousal can often lead to very enlarged pupils, rather than the minor dilation observed during sexual affection.

Autonomic neuropathy

The parasympathetic nervous supply, which causes constriction of the pupil, or miosis, is supplied by cranial nerve III, the oculomotor nerve. Damage to this nerve typically manifests itself as mydriasis, because the sympathetic supply to the pupil, which causes mydriasis, remains unaffected, and therefore unopposed.

Multiple central nervous system disorders e.g. epilepsy, stroke, and impending brain herniation are known to lead to temporal mydriasis as well. A brain catastrophe, or a rapidly increasing brain mass, can cause compression of the oculomotor nerve.

Traumatic

In cases of head injury or orbit trauma (eye injury), the iris sphincter (the muscle responsible for closing the pupil) or the nerves controlling it can be damaged, reducing or eliminating consensual reactivity to light.

Drugs

Anticholinergics such as atropine, hyoscyamine, and scopolamine antagonize the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the eye. By blocking these receptors, the pupils are no longer capable of constriction and dilation results.  Such alkaloids present in many plants of the family Solanaceae may also induce mydriasis when used recreationally 

Drugs that increase overall serotonin levels in general are capable of causing mydriasis in the same way as the 5-HT2A-mediated psychedelics. This is because serotonin itself is naturally responsible for normal 5-HT2A stimulation. Hence, in sufficient quantities serotonin is mydriatic and can even be mildly psychedelic , though the potentially fatal serotonin syndrome usually ensues before the psychedelia becomes overly-pronounced. Examples of such drugs include MDMA (as well as other MDxx compounds), fenfluramine, chlorphentermine, stimulants (including cocaine and amphetamines), and some antidepressants (such as SSRIs, SNRIs, and MAOIs).  Natural serotonin-boosting supplements such as L-Tryptophan and 5-HTP are also capable of this, but usually only in excessive doses.

The neurotransmitter norepinephrine regulates many physiological processes in the body and brain. One of them is the autonomic constriction and contraction of certain muscles. The psychoactive drug cocaine potently inhibits the normal reuptake of norepinephrine into presynaptic nerve terminals, resulting in an increased level of extracellular norepinephrine. Amphetamines also potently release and prevent the reuptake of norepinephrine. The released norepinephrine then proceeds to bind to adrenergic receptors, and the biological effects of norepinephrine finally occur. When a solution of cocaine is dropped into the eye, this process takes place and the end result is dilation of the pupil. Cocaine itself is not typically used for this task, however. Any potent norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor or release agent should be capable of such an effect.

Opiates such as morphine and heroin do not cause pupil dilation. Instead they cause miosis (pupil contraction). Mydriasis occasionally occurs during opiate rebound and withdrawal. 

Mydriatics

A mydriatic is an agent that induces dilation of the pupil. Drugs such as tropicamide are used in medicine to permit examination of the retina and other deep structures of the eye, and also to reduce painful ciliary muscle spasm (see cycloplegia). Phenylephrine (e.g. Cyclomydril ) is used if strong mydriasis is needed for a surgical intervention.  One effect of administration of a mydriatic is intolerance to bright light (photophobia). Purposefully-induced mydriasis via mydriatics is also used as a diagnostic test for Horner's Syndrome.
Question:
Mydriasis normally is the widening of a what?
Answer:
Pupils
Passage:
Jewish mysticism
Academic study of Jewish mysticism, especially since Gershom Scholem's Major Trends in Jewish Mysticism (1941), distinguishes between different forms of mysticism across different eras of Jewish history. Of these, Kabbalah, which emerged in 12th-century Europe, is the most well known, but not the only typologic form, or the earliest to emerge. Among previous forms were Merkabah mysticism (c. 100 BCE – 1000 CE), and Chassidei Ashkenaz (early 13th century CE) around the time of Kabbalistic emergence.

Kabbalah means "received tradition", a term previously used in other Judaic contexts, but which the Medieval Kabbalists adopted for their own doctrine to express the belief that they were not innovating, but merely revealing the ancient hidden esoteric tradition of the Torah. This issue is crystallised until today by alternative views on the origin of the Zohar, the main text of Kabbalah. Traditional Kabbalists regard it as originating in Tannaic times, redacting the Oral Torah, so do not make a sharp distinction between Kabbalah and early Rabbinic Jewish mysticism. Academic scholars regard it as a synthesis from Medieval times, but assimilating and incorporating into itself earlier forms of Jewish mystical tradition, as well as other philosophical elements.

The theosophical aspect of Kabbalah itself developed through two historical forms: "Medieval/Classic/Zoharic Kabbalah" (c.1175 – 1492 – 1570), and Lurianic Kabbalah (1569 CE – today) which assimilated Medieval Kabbalah into its wider system and became the basis for modern Jewish Kabbalah. After Luria, two new mystical forms popularised Kabbalah in Judaism: antinomian-heretical Sabbatean movements (1666 – 18th century CE), and Hasidic Judaism (1734 CE – today). In contemporary Judaism, the only main forms of Jewish mysticism followed are esoteric Lurianic Kabbalah and its later commentaries, the variety of schools in Hasidic Judaism, and Neo-Hasidism (incorporating Neo-Kabbalah) in non-Orthodox Jewish denominations.

Two non-Jewish syncretic traditions also popularised Judaic Kabbalah through its incorporation as part of general Western esoteric culture from the Renaissance onwards: theological Christian Cabala (c. 15th  – 18th century) which adapted Judaic Kabbalistic doctrine to Christian belief, and its diverging occultist offshoot Hermetic Qabalah (c. 15th century – today) which became a main element in esoteric and magical societies and teachings. As separate traditions of development outside Judaism, drawing from, syncretically adapting, and different in nature and aims from Judaic mysticism, they are not listed on this page.

Three aims in Jewish mysticism 

The Kabbalistic form of Jewish mysticism itself divides into three general streams: the Theosophical/Speculative Kabbalah (seeking to understand and describe the divine realm), the Meditative/Ecstatic Kabbalah (seeking to achieve a mystical union with God), and the Practical/Magical Kabbalah (seeking to theurgically alter the divine realms and the World). These three different, but inter-relating, methods or aims of mystical involvement are also found throughout the other pre-Kabbalistic and post-Kabbalistic stages in Jewish mystical development, as three general typologies. As in Kabbalah, the same text can contain aspects of all three approaches, though the three streams often distill into three separate literatures under the influence of particular exponents or eras.

Within Kabbalah, the theosophical tradition is distinguished from many forms of mysticism in other religions by its doctrinal form as a mystical "philosophy" of Gnosis esoteric knowledge. Instead, the tradition of Meditative Kabbalah has similarity of aim, if not form, with usual traditions of general mysticism; to unite the individual intuitively with God. The tradition of theurgic Practical Kabbalah in Judaism, censored and restricted by mainstream Jewish Kabbalists, has similarities with non-Jewish Hermetic Qabalah magical Western Esotericism. However, as understood by Jewish Kabbalists, it is censored and forgotten in contemporary times because without the requisite purity and holy motive, it would degenerate into impure and forbidden magic. Consequently, it has formed a minor tradition in Jewish mystical history.

Historical forms of Jewish mysticism timeline 

Image:Chronology of Israel eng.png|center|760px
default Jewish history
rect 658 156 833 176 Periods of massive immigration to the land of Israel
rect 564 156 647 175 Periods in which the majority of Jews lived in exile
rect 460 156 554 175 Periods in which the majority of Jews lived in the land of Israel, with full or partial independence
rect 314 156 452 175 Periods in which a Jewish Temple existed
rect 196 156 309 175 Jewish history
rect 26 102 134 122 Shoftim
rect 134 102 265 121 Melakhim
rect 146 83 266 104 First Temple
rect 286 83 418 103 Second Temple
rect 341 103 392 121 Zugot
rect 393 103 453 121 Tannaim
rect 452 102 534 221 Amoraim
rect 534 102 560 121 Savoraim
rect 559 103 691 121 Geonim
rect 691 102 825 121 Rishonim
rect 825 100 940 120 Acharonim
rect 939 94 959 120 Aliyot
rect 957 65 975 121 Israel
rect 940 62 958 94 The Holocaust
rect 825 62 941 100 Diaspora
rect 808 61 825 101 Expulsion from Spain
rect 428 62 808 103 Roman exile
poly 226 82 410 82 410 92 428 92 428 61 226 62 Assyrian Exile (Ten Lost Tribes)
rect 264 82 284 122 Babylonian captivity
rect 283 103 341 121 Second Temple period
poly 26 121 17 121 17 63 225 63 226 81 145 82 145 101 26 101 Ancient Jewish History
rect 58 136 375 146 Chronology of the Bible
rect 356 122 373 135 Common Era
desc none
Question:
What is the name of the Jewish mystical interpretation of Scripture, which comprises the Sepher Yezirah (Book of Creation) and the Zohar (Splendour) that has become popular with new age types?
Answer:
Kabbalistically
Passage:
Hilton Park (stadium)
Hilton Park was a multi-purpose stadium in Leigh, Greater Manchester, England. It was the home of Leigh Centurions rugby league club and Leigh Genesis F.C. association football club. It had a capacity of approximately 10,000.

The stadium was demolished in February 2009.

History

In 1947, Leigh Rugby League Club moved to new headquarters in Kirkhall Lane, having played at Mather Lane before the Second World War and at Madeley Park (Leigh Harriers Athletic ground) immediately after the war.

In 1953 floodlights were installed at a cost of £4,100. The ground saw a record home crowd of 31,326 attend a Rugby League Challenge Cup tie with St Helens in the same year. Later, Kirkhall Lane was officially renamed Hilton Park after former club chairman Jack Hilton in recognition of his work in securing the site for the new ground.

Leigh's record attendance for rugby was set in 1953 at 31,326 when St Helens visited for a third round Challenge Cup game. The largest modern-day attendance saw 9,760 watch a Challenge Cup Quarter Final against local rivals Wigan in 2002.

In 1995, the association football club Horwich RMI relocated from the Grundy Hill Stadium, in Horwich to Hilton Park, changing its name to Leigh RMI in the process. As part of the deal a new company, Grundy Hill Estates, was formed to take over the ownership of the ground. 

Leigh added Centurions to its name for the 1995–96 season, and as part of the name change the stadium was renamed the Coliseum.

It was announced in January 2007 that the club would undergo a rebranding exercise that would ultimately lead to the Centurions name being dropped but the decision to rebrand was reversed after a fans' backlash.

Leigh Centurions moved to Leigh Sports Village for the 2009–10 season. Hilton Park has since been demolished.
Question:
Which rugby league team formerly played their home games at Hilton Park?
Answer:
Leigh (disambiguation)
Passage:
Badgers - After School Activities - St John Ambulance
Badgers - After School Activities - St John Ambulance
 
Get a Badger certificate
A badge and certificate is awarded for each completed subject. Badgers can keep their own record of what they have achieved in their Badger Passport. Once Badgers have earned 12 badges, they receive the Super Badger Award.
All Badgers aged nine and over can become a Follow-me Badger. This involves giving something back to the Badger Sett, by taking on a responsibility to help run the Sett.
The final step for all Badgers is to help plan and take part in their Moving-on Ceremony, before moving to Cadets.
The next step
To get involved, contact our regional offices to find your nearest Badger Sett.
Too old to join Badgers? Why not join Cadets instead?
St John Ambulance charges and annual subscription to cover the costs of supporting its young people. These include, among other things, leader training, equipment, certificates and badges. Financial assistance is also available. For more information, check our information for parents .
Get involved with our youth programmes
Question:
Which animal's name is also a term for a junior member of the St. John Ambulance Brigade?
Answer:
Badger (animal)
Passage:
St. Swithin's Day (comics)
St. Swithin's Day is a story written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Paul Grist in 1989 for Trident Comics.

The story is said by Morrison to be based upon his diaries and is also said to be partly autobiographical.

Publication history

It originally appeared in Trident (which was Trident Comics' anthology title) issues 1-4 in black and white.

Collected editions

In 1990 it was compiled into a single edition and reprinted by Trident Comics in colour. This edition quickly went out of print and for many years it remained out of print as Trident Comics had gone  out of business in 1991. It was later reprinted by Oni Press in 1998.

Plot

St.Swithin's Day tells the story of an alienated British teenager in the 1980s and in particular, Margaret Thatcher's time as British Prime Minister.

We first meet the lead character, a teenager (who is not given a name in the story) shoplifting a copy of Catcher in the Rye from a London bookshop. He says, "I hate the rain.  Everything bad happens in the rain." His reason for stealing the book is not clear beyond him saying they can find it in his pocket "when this is all over".

During the course of the story we find out that the teenager is from an unnamed northern British town or city, stealing his housemates' unemployment benefits to come to London to assassinate Margaret Thatcher while she makes a public appearance at a technical college.  We see he has a gun to shoot her and she is due to appear on July 15, which is Saint Swithin's Day, hence the title of the comic.

Much of the strip is made up of the teenager preparing himself to assassinate Thatcher and exploring his own teenage angst. The final chapter starts with the teenager waiting for Thatcher after writing "neurotic boy outsider" on his forehead. 

It is raining on the day and the teenager manages to get near to Thatcher and starts to pull out what the reader thinks is the previously seen gun. However we see it is actually his hand and as he points his hand at Thatcher he says "bang" shortly before her bodyguards leap upon him and begin beating him.

While being beaten the teenager thinks, "it was worth it just to see her scared". The last scenes are of the teenager traveling on a train on a sunny day and his final lines are "I don't care if it rains. I really don't care at all."

Reaction and controversy

Reaction to the story was hugely positive within the comics community. However the story of its publication had been picked up by the British tabloid newspaper The Sun, a pro-Thatcher newspaper. 

They ran an item on the story under the headline "DEATH TO MAGGIE BOOK SPARKS TORY UPROAR" with quotes from MPs such as Teddy Taylor condemning the book. This even led to questions being asked in the House of Commons about the comic.

All this proved great publicity for Trident Comics and they took advantage of it, even going as far to reprint The Sun's article in advertising for the reprint edition.
Question:
What date is St Swithin's Day?
Answer:
Jul 15
Passage:
Borough of Oswestry
Oswestry was a small local government district with borough status in Shropshire, England. It was the smallest of the five districts of Shropshire in terms of both population and land area.

Its council was based in Oswestry, the only town and largest settlement in the borough. Villages in the borough included Morda, St Martin's, Whittington, Gobowen, Pant, Trefonen and Ruyton XI Towns.

The three most deprived wards in Shropshire (not including Telford and Wrekin) were found in Oswestry Borough. They are Victoria, Gatacre and Llanyblodwel.

The district was formed on 1 April 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, and was a direct successor to Oswestry Rural District.

The district and its council were abolished on 1 April 2009 when the new Shropshire unitary authority was established, as part of the 2009 structural changes to local government in England.
Question:
The town of Oswestry is in which English county?
Answer:
Salopia
