Passage:
Live 8 concert, Chiba
On 2 July 2005, a Live 8 concert was held at Makuhari Messe, Chiba, Japan.

The event is also referred to as "Live 8 Tokyo" or "Live 8 Japan".

The concert was the first Live 8 show to start, because of Japan's earlier time zone. Attendance for the concert was at maximum capacity, but with only 10,000 people attending the show at the Makuhari Messe venue, it was one of the smallest to join the global series of events. (Note: Only 10,000 tickets were available via online lottery)

Live8 Japan organiser Lily Sobhani was given only 1 month to put the concert together, and Japan's event was announced only a week before the concert. As a result, it was unable to attract the same kind of buzz that counterpart concerts in London and Philadelphia did, but attracted international artists Björk, Good Charlotte and McFly, as well as Japanese stars Dreams Come True, Rize, Def Tech, and Do As Infinity.

Japan is the only Asian country in the G8, and the only Asian country that took part in Live 8.

Lineup

In order of appearance:

* Rize (CH 15:00)
* McFly¹ - "I've Got You", "That Girl", "I'll Be OK", "All About You" "5 Colours In Her Hair", "Obviously" (CH 16:30)
* Good Charlotte - "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" "The Anthem", "We Believe" (CH 18:00)
* Dreams Come True - "Mascara Matsuge (Mascara Eyelashes)", "Asahi no Senrei (Morning Baptism)", "Olá! Vitória!", "Nando demo", "Love Love Love (English Version)" (CH 19:30)
* Do As Infinity - "For the future", "Tooku Made", "TAO", "Need Your Love", "Boukensha Tachi", "Honjitsu wa Seiten Nari" (CH 21:00)
* Def Tech (CH 22:30)
* Björk - "Pagan Poetry", "All Is Full of Love", "Desired Constellation", "Jóga", "Hyperballad", "Generous Palmstroke", "Bachelorette", "It's in Our Hands" (CH 00:00)

¹ also performed at the London concert on July 2, 2005 and the Edinburgh concert on July 6, 2005.
Question:
Which was the only 'Live 8' venue that was in Asia?
Answer:
東京都
Passage:
Mendicant
A mendicant (from , "begging") is one who practises mendicancy (begging) and relies chiefly or exclusively on charitable donations to survive. In principle, mendicant religious orders do not own property, either individually or collectively, and members have taken a vow of poverty, in order that all their time and energy could be expended on practicing or preaching and serving the poor. It is a form of asceticism.

Many religious orders adhere to a mendicant way of life, including the Catholic mendicant orders, Hindu ascetics, some dervishes of Sufi Islam, and the monastic orders of Jainism and Buddhism. In the Catholic Church, followers of Saint Francis of Assisi and Saint Dominic became known as mendicants, as they would beg for food while they preached to the villages.

While mendicants are the original type of monks in Buddhism and have a long history in Indian Hinduism and the countries which adapted Indian religious traditions, they didn't become widespread in Christianity until the High Middle Ages. The Way of a Pilgrim depicts the life of an Eastern Christian mendicant.
Question:
What word is applied to a Muslim devotee, usually a monk or wandering mendicant?
Answer:
Derweesh
Passage:
The Hobbit Fan fellowship - In Rotorua Traditional Maori ...
The Hobbit Fan fellowship - In Rotorua Traditional Maori 'Powhiri' ceremonial welcome - YouTube
The Hobbit Fan fellowship - In Rotorua Traditional Maori 'Powhiri' ceremonial welcome
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
Loading...
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Published on Nov 3, 2014
Māori Cultural Performance
Our people are known for their great sense of humour and the concerts at Te Puia are a fun way to experience the personality of our Māori culture and traditions. One of our most entertaining forms of storytelling is kapa haka (Māori performance art) and at Te Puia we welcome you to find out why these performances should be on your list of essential things to do in Rotorua.
An Authentic Māori Welcome
Powhiri (ceremonial welcome)
Powhiri is a ritual performed when two groups are meeting for the first time. Gather at the entrance to Rotowhio Marae and be introduced to this spine-tingling ceremony, which begins with the sound of the pūtatara (conch). We ask that visitors please be silent during this ceremony as a mark of respect.
Wero (challenge)
Following the pūtatara, a toa (warrior) will approach your group to challenge the (honorary) male chief and confirm your peaceful intent with the placing of a baton. In ancient times, lack of respect during this ceremony could result in death.
Traditionally, the wero involved three challengers – the scout, the warrior, and the peacemaker – but today you will see these three elements embodied in the performance of a single warrior.
Watch as the warrior ends his challenge with a sweeping motion to clear the path for visitors, before slapping his thigh to indicate an offer of peace. Finally, he will turn his back and pull an imaginary rope to lead you onto the marae.
Karanga (welcome call)
To show respect to the ancestors and the traditions of the visiting group, a female host will then perform a karanga (welcome call). This chant calls you forward and welcomes you onto the marae and into the Tupuna Whare (ancestral meeting house).
Whaikorero (welcome speeches)
Once inside the meeting house, you will be welcomed again and acknowledged as whānau (family) during our leader’s ceremonial speech. This speech will finish with a traditional waiata (chant) performed by the hosts.
Kapa Haka (cultural performance)
A true highlight of any Te Puia outing, our stunning cultural performances feature traditional storytelling and entertainment, with the opportunity to join in the graceful poi dance or ferocious haka, for a more intimate Maori cultural experience.
Waiata-a-ringa (action songs)
You will be treated to a series of traditional songs telling the stories of our ancestors and those of Maori legend. Hand movements and body actions are used to capture the essence of these stories as we showcase the dance steps of yesteryear.
Poi Dance
The captivating poi dance requires skill and grace, as you will witness during this part of the performance. Female visitors will have the opportunity to take part and try out some of the mesmerising poi moves and experience this beautiful and truly unique dance for themselves.
Haka (challenge)
Used traditionally to mentally and physically prepare warriors for battle, the world-renowned haka is a sight to behold. Following a spine-tingling performance by our own warriors, male visitors will be invited to the stage to learn the actions and sounds before performing a haka of their own.
Titi torea (stick game)
Watch as our performers pass batons back and forth in rhythm with the music, showcasing their agility and eye-hand coordination. These stick games have been a favourite of our people for centuries and were used in the past to improve the speed and movement of our warriors as they prepare for battle.
Question:
Karanga is a ritual welcome chant of what people?
Answer:
Mäori
Passage:
Bittern
Bitterns are a classification of birds in the heron family, Ardeidae, a family of wading birds. Species named bitterns tend to be the shorter-necked, often more secretive members of this family.  They were called hæferblæte in Old English; the word "bittern" came to English from Old French butor, itself from Gallo-Roman butitaurus, a compound of Latin būtiō and taurus.  Bitterns form a monophyletic subfamily in the heron family, the Botaurinae.

Bitterns usually frequent reed beds and similar marshy areas, and feed on amphibians, reptiles, insects, and fish.

Unlike the  similar storks, ibises, and spoonbills, herons and bitterns fly with their necks retracted, not outstretched.

The genus Ixobrychus contains mainly small species:
*Little bittern, Ixobrychus minutus
*Australian little bittern, Ixobrychus dubius
*New Zealand little bittern, Ixobrychus novaezelandiae (extinct)
*Cinnamon bittern, Ixobrychus cinnamomeus
*Stripe-backed bittern, Ixobrychus involucris
*Least bittern, Ixobrychus exilis  
*Yellow bittern,  Ixobrychus sinensis
*Schrenck's bittern, Ixobrychus eurhythmus 
*Dwarf bittern, Ixobrychus sturmii
*Black bittern, Ixobrychus flavicollis

The genus Botaurus is the larger bitterns:
*American bittern, Botaurus lentiginosa. 
*Eurasian bittern or great bittern, Botaurus stellaris
*South American bittern, Botaurus pinnatus  
*Australasian bittern, Botaurus poiciloptilus
*Botaurus hibbardi (fossil)

The genus Zebrilus includes only one species:
*Zigzag heron (or properly Zigzag bittern), Zebrilus undulatus

Popular Literature

In Doyle's "The Hound of Baskervilles", the strange sounds coming from the neighborhood of Baskervilles house were initially thought to be caused by the bittern.
Notes
Question:
To which family of birds does the 'Bittern' belong?
Answer:
The Heron
Passage:
Blue Swede
Blue Swede was a Swedish rock band fronted by Björn Skifs which was active between 1973-1975. Blue Swede released two albums of cover versions, including a rendition of  "Hooked on a Feeling", which brought them international chart success.  The band consisted of Anders Berglund (piano), Björn Skifs (lead vocals), Bosse Liljedahl (bass), Hinke Ekestubbe (saxophone), Jan Guldbäck (drums), Michael Areklew (guitar) and Tommy Berglund (trumpet).  They disbanded after Skifs decided to embark on his solo career.

Career

Blue Swede was first formed in 1973, when Björn Skifs, a top vocalist in Sweden, was looking for a band to accompany him during his concerts. 
The band was originally called "Blåblus" (Swedish for "blue blouse" or "blue jeans", a pun on the word "blues" ) and featured Skifs singing the lead vocals. The band got their international breakthrough in 1974 with their cover of the 1968 B. J. Thomas song "Hooked on a Feeling." Blue Swede recorded Thomas' song in 1973, but based its rendition of the song on a 1971 version released by British pop eccentric Jonathan King, which created the "ooga-chaka ooga-chaka" introduction. Blue Swede released "Hooked on a Feeling" in Sweden in May 1973 and in the United States in February 1974. The song reached number one in the U.S. for one week in April 1974 and stayed in the Billboard Hot 100 chart for 18 weeks. The track also topped charts in Australia, Canada, and the Netherlands, where it reached a peak chart position of 26. To capitalize on the success of the song, Blue Swede released an album of the same name that same year.

Throughout the rest of 1974, two follow-up singles from the same album were released: "Silly Milly", which peaked at position 71 in the U.S., and a cover of The Association's "Never My Love", which made the Top Ten by peaking at position 7. From the band's 1975 follow-up album, Out of the Blue, they recorded a medley of "Hush" by Deep Purple and "I'm Alive" by Tommy James and the Shondells (not The Hollies' song of the same name), peaking at position 61 in the U.S, and achieving its greatest chart success in Scandinavia.

In 2014, the band's single "Hooked on a Feeling" featured prominently in the film Guardians of the Galaxy. Prior to the film's release, the song's appearance in a trailer resulted in a significant spike in sales.

Discography

Studio albums

*Hooked on a Feeling (1974)
*Out of the Blue (1975)

Singles

*"Hooked on a Feeling" (1974) U.S. #1
*"Silly Milly" (1974) U.S. #71
*"Never My Love" (1974) U.S. #7
*"Hush/I'm Alive" (1975) U.S. #61
Question:
What was the Blue Swede's only No 1 hit?
Answer:
Hooked On A Feeling
Passage:
Flower of Scotland
Flower of Scotland is a Scottish song, used frequently at special occasions and sporting events. Although there is no official national anthem of Scotland,  Flower of Scotland is one of a number of songs which fulfil this role, along with the older Scots Wha Hae, and Scotland the Brave, amongst others.   It was written by Roy Williamson of the folk group the Corries, and presented in 1967,  and refers to the victory of the Scots, led by Robert the Bruce, over England's Edward II at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314.

Lyrics 

The song was composed and is sung in English, typically with Scots pronunciation of a few words (e.g. "Tae" as opposed to "To"). 

Popular use 

The song has been used as a National Anthem by the Scotland national rugby union team, ever since the winger, Billy Steele, encouraged his team-mates to sing it on the victorious Lions tour of South Africa in 1974.  The song was adopted as the pre-game anthem during the deciding match of the 1990 Five Nations Championship between Scotland and England, which Scotland won 13–7 to win the Grand Slam.   The Scottish Football Association adopted "Flower of Scotland" as its pre-game national anthem in 1997  although it was first used by them in 1993.  Usually only the first and third verses are sung. At any home International Scotland Rugby union test match the first verse is accompanied by bagpipes followed by the third verse unaccompanied by any instrument. 

When sung at sporting events, crowds will often call back after certain lines:  after the words "and stood against him", you may hear "England" or "Gainst who?".

The song was sung at boxer Jim Watt's fights.

The song was used as the victory anthem of Team Scotland at the Commonwealth Games in 2010 replacing "Scotland the Brave". This trend continued to the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow where it was again Team Scotland's anthem and was sung following a Scottish first place. (notably it was sung 4 times when Team Scotland won 4 gold medals in the opening day). 

The tune was originally composed on the Northumbrian smallpipes, which play in D and have the benefit of keys on the chanter to achieve a greater range of notes.

Ewan McGregor performed the song in Magadan in 2004 for the filming of the TV show Long Way Round.

In July 2006, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra conducted an online poll (publicised by Reporting Scotland) in which voters could choose a national anthem from one of five candidates.  10,000 people took part in the poll in which Flower of Scotland came out the winner. The results were as follows:

Scottish pirate metal band Alestorm have performed a cover of it live and recorded it, which is on their album Captain Morgan's Revenge. In addition, the Canadian Scottish-influenced Celtic Punk band The Real McKenzies have included the song on the album  "Loch'd & Loaded" as well a staple in their live performance among many other traditional Scottish ballads.

At the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, the song was sung at Edinburgh Castle by 53 Scottish children selected from schools across Scotland.
Question:
"""The hills are bare now and Autumn leaves lie thick and still"" are the opening lyrics to the second verse of which famous song?"
Answer:
Flower of scotland
Passage:
Beeton's Christmas Annual
Beeton's Christmas Annual was a paperback magazine printed in England yearly between 1860 and 1898, founded by Samuel Orchart Beeton. The November 1887 issue contained a novel by Arthur Conan Doyle entitled A Study in Scarlet  which introduced the characters Sherlock Holmes and his friend Watson.
Question:
Which famous fictional character was first introduced in the 1887 edition of 'Beeton's Christmas Annual'?
Answer:
Sherlock Holmes (character)
Passage:
Bare-knuckle boxing
Bare-knuckle boxing (also known as bare-knuckle, prizefighting, fist fight or fisticuffs) is the original form of boxing, closely related to ancient combat sports. It involves two individuals fighting without boxing gloves or other padding on their hands.

The difference between a streetfight and a bare-knuckle boxing match is an accepted set of rules, such as not striking a downed opponent.

Early history

The first bare-knuckle champion of England was James Figg, who claimed the title in 1719 and held it until his retirement in 1730. Before Jack Broughton, the first idea of current boxing originated from James Figg, who is viewed as the organizer of cutting edge boxing. In 1719, he set up a 'pugilistic foundation' and charged himself as 'a professional in the Noble Science of Defense to instruct boxers on the utilization of clench hands, sword, and quarterstaff. Noted champions were Jack Broughton, Daniel Mendoza, Jem Belcher, Hen Pearce, John Gully, Tom Cribb, Tom Spring, Jem Ward, James Burke, William "Bendigo" Thompson, Ben Caunt, Tom Sayers and Jem Mace. 

The record for the longest bare-knuckle fight is listed as 6 hours and 15 minutes for a match between James Kelly and Jonathan Smith, fought near Fiery Creek, Victoria, Australia, on December 3, 1855, when Smith gave in after 17 rounds. 

The bare-knuckle fighter Jem Mace is listed as having the longest professional career of any fighter in history.  He fought for more than 35 years into his 60s,  and recorded his last exhibition bout in 1909 at the age of 79.

On 5 August 2011, the first sanctioned bout in the United States since 1889 took place at Fort McDowell Casino in Arizona between Rich Stewart of New Castle, Delaware and Bobby Gunn, with Gunn emerging as the victor.  The last sanctioned fight in 1889 was between John L. Sullivan and Jake Kilrain, with Sullivan emerging as the victor. Noted champions were Yankee Sullivan, Nonpareil Dempsey, Tom Sharkey, James J. Corbett, Bob Fitzsimmons and John Morrissey.

Techniques

While boxing has always included punching, historically it also included grappling techniques like throws, arm locks, chokes as well as kicks. These techniques were banned during the several rule changes which turned classical pugilism, or bare knuckle boxing, into the modern sport of boxing. 

Irish stand down

"Irish stand down" is a type of traditional bare knuckle fighting where the aspect of maneuvering around the ring is removed, leaving only the less nuanced aspects of punching and "taking" punches. This form of combat was popular in Irish American ghettos in the United States in the late 19th century but was eclipsed in the Irish American community first by bare knuckle boxing and then later by regulation boxing. The Irish stand down is also known as strap fighting or toe to toe.

Modern bare knuckle boxing

Professional bouts are now held, created and managed by the World Bareknuckle Boxing Association which itself is not recognized as a sports organization anywhere outside of the United States. Any tournaments are illegal and/or unregulated in most countries today . However, in the British Isles where the sports are still very popular there are efforts for the sport to be brought out of the underground and into the mainstream.
Question:
Which bruising 19th century American, the last of the bare knuckle boxing heavyweight champions, was the first athlete to earn over one million dollars?
Answer:
John Lawrence Sullivan
Passage:
Chartwell
Chartwell was the principal adult home of Sir Winston Churchill. Churchill and his wife Clementine bought the property, located two miles south of Westerham, Kent, England, in 1922. Extensive renovations simplifying and modernising the home were undertaken directly, completely transforming it when complete.

When it became clear to the Churchills in 1946 that they could not afford to run the property, a consortium of wealthy businessmen organised by Lord Camrose purchased the estate. The arrangement was that for payment of nominal rent both Sir Winston and Lady Churchill would have the right to live there until they both died, at which point the property would be presented to the National Trust.  When Sir Winston died in 1965, Clementine decided to present Chartwell to the National Trust immediately. 

History

The site had been built upon at least as early as the 16th century, when the estate had been called 'Well Street'.  Henry VIII is reputed to have stayed in the house during his courtship of Anne Boleyn at nearby Hever Castle.  The original farmhouse was significantly enlarged and modified during the 19th century. It became, according to the National Trust, an example of 'Victorian architecture at its least attractive, a ponderous red-brick country mansion of tile-hung gables and poky oriel windows'.

The estate derives its name from the well to the north of the house called 'Chart Well'. 'Chart' is an Old English word for rough ground.  The highest point of the estate is approximately 650 feet above sea level, and the house commands a spectacular view across the Weald of Kent. This view 'possessed Churchill' and was certainly an important factor in persuading him to buy a house of 'no great architectural merit'.

Renovation

Churchill employed architect Philip Tilden to modernise and extend the house. Tilden worked between 1922 and 1924, simplifying and modernising, as well as allowing more light into the house through large casement windows. He worked in the gently vernacular architecture tradition that is familiar in the early houses of Edwin Lutyens, a style stripped of literal Tudor Revival historicising details but retaining multiple gables with stepped gable ends, and windows in strips set in expanses of warm pink brick hung with climbers. Tilden's work completely transformed the house.

Similarly to many  early 20th century refurbishments of old estates, the immediate grounds, which fall away behind the house, were shaped into overlapping rectilinear terraces and garden plats, in lawn and mixed herbaceous gardens in the Lutyens-Jekyll manner, linked by steps descending to lakes that Churchill created by a series of small dams, the water garden where he fed his fish, Lady Churchill's Rose garden and the Golden Rose Walk, a Golden Wedding anniversary gift from their children. The garden areas provided inspiration for Churchill's paintings, many of which are on display in the house's garden studio.

In 1938, Churchill was pressed to offer Chartwell for sale for financial reasons, at which time the house was advertised as containing 5 reception rooms, 19 bed and dressing rooms, 8 bathrooms, set in 80 acres with three cottages on the estate and a heated and floodlit swimming pool.  He withdrew after industrialist Sir Henry Strakosch agreed to take over his share portfolio (which had suffered heavily from losses on Wall Street) for three years and pay off heavy debts.

During the Second World War, the house was mostly unused. Its relatively exposed position, in a county so near across the English Channel to German occupied France, meant it was potentially vulnerable to a German airstrike or commando raid. The Churchills instead spent their weekends at Ditchley, Oxfordshire until security improvements were completed at the prime minister's official country residence, Chequers, in Buckinghamshire.[http://www.winstonchurchill.org/i4a/pages/index.cfm?pageid=410 History Lives at Ditchley and Bletchley – The Churchill Centre]

Preservation

The house has been preserved as it would have looked when Churchill owned it. Rooms are carefully decorated with memorabilia and gifts, the original furniture and books, as well as honours and medals that Churchill received. The house is Grade I listed for historical reasons.  The gardens are listed Grade II*. 

The property is currently under the administration of the National Trust. Chartwell was bought by a group of Churchill's friends in 1946,  with the Churchills paying a nominal rent, but was not open to the public until it was presented to the nation in 1966, one year after Churchill's death.
Question:
Chartwell, the former home of Winston Churchill is in which county?
Answer:
Garden of england
Passage:
1980 St. Pauls riot
The St Pauls riot occurred in St Pauls, Bristol, England on 2 April 1980 when police raided the Black and White Café on Grosvenor Road in the heart of the area. After several hours of disturbance in which fire engines and police cars were damaged, 130 people were arrested, 25 were taken to hospital, including 19 police and members of the press.

The riot occurred against a background of increasing racial tension, poor housing and alienation of black youth.  As a result of the disturbances local authorities and the national government began to pay attention to these issues.  The Black and White Café was closed  in 2004 and eventually  demolished.

Background

Bristol in the 1970s had seen an increase in unemployment and a deterioration of race relations as the right-wing National Front party campaigned in local and national elections. St Pauls was blighted by the development of the M32 motorway, which split the area from the neighbouring district of Easton. Much of the housing in the area was in a poor state and local education services failed to cater adequately for the needs of either ethnic minorities or indeed many working class white communities.

Increasing use by the police of Sus laws to stop and search youths, predominantly those from the Afro-Caribbean community, raised tension. There was also an increase in racial harassment on local council housing estates, which was largely ignored by the housing department.

Riot

It is unclear why the riot started; some sources suggest that it was as a result of police ripping a customer's trousers and refusing to pay, Beware: site has pop-up ads. others that they were attacked as they removed alcohol from the café which did not have a drinks licence. According to The Guardian newspaper, 100–200 black and white youths were involved.
However other sources estimate the size of the crowd at about 2000. The riot continued for many hours and caused much damage to a branch of Lloyds Bank and a post office.  Several fire engines and 12 police cars were also damaged. At one point a police chief famously remarked: "Surely we should be advancing, not retreating?" 130 people were arrested and 90 were charged.  The next day the Daily Telegraph carried a headline stating "19 Police Hurt in Black Riot" and blamed lack of parental care.

Aftermath

Nineteen policemen and six other people were taken to hospital, including a cameraman and a photographer from the Western Daily Press.  16 of those arrested were prosecuted for riot, but all were either acquitted, had the charges dropped or were discharged after the jury failed to reach a verdict.   Copycat riots in Southmead, a predominately white working-class council estate, occurred soon after the St Pauls disturbance.  

Later commentators suggested that poverty and the sus laws were more important causes of the riots than race. The House of Commons Home Affairs Select Committee held a session in Bristol and Home Secretary William Whitelaw came to the city to hold meetings with the local authorities and representatives of the black community.  Relations between police and the local community remained tense and reached a low point in 1986 when 600 police raided the Black and White Café again in an action named Operation Delivery. It took intervention by local Member of Parliament William Waldegrave to persuade the police to scale down their policy of containment.

The Black and White Café had long had a reputation as a drug den and was allegedly raided more times by the police than any other premises in the country. In 2003 Bristol City Council used its powers of compulsory purchase and in 2005 the building was demolished and has now been replaced by new homes.

When cabinet papers were released 30 years later, they showed that Home Secretary William Whitelaw had reported that the Chief Constable "accepted that the police had made errors in the initial stages of the incident but [his] subsequent decision to withdraw all officers from the area for several hours had been the only one open to him at the time". Whitelaw said that a full public inquiry was undesirable as it would only lead to the police being criticised for no good purpose, and that not every controversial matter should lead to such an inquiry.
Question:
In April 1980, the St Pauls Riot broke out in which English city?
Answer:
Bristol (England)
Passage:
Honeysuckle
Honeysuckles (Lonicera,;  syn. Caprifolium Mill.) are arching shrubs or twining bines in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere. Approximately 180 species of honeysuckle have been identified. About 100 of these species can be found in China and approximately 20 native species have been identified in Europe, 20 in India, and 20 in North America. Widely known species include Lonicera periclymenum (honeysuckle or woodbine), Lonicera japonica (Japanese honeysuckle, white honeysuckle, or Chinese honeysuckle) and Lonicera sempervirens (coral honeysuckle, trumpet honeysuckle, or woodbine honeysuckle).  Hummingbirds are attracted to the flowers on some of these plants, especially L. sempervirens and L. ciliosa (orange honeysuckle). Honeysuckle gets its name  because edible sweet nectar can be sucked  from the flowers. The name Lonicera stems from Adam Lonicer, a Renaissance botanist.

Description

Most species of Lonicera are hardy twining climbers, with a large minority of shrubby habit; a handful of species (including Lonicera hildebrandiana from the Himalayan foothills and L. etrusca from the Mediterranean) are tender and can only be grown outside in subtropical zones. The leaves are opposite, simple oval, 1–10 cm long; most are deciduous but some are evergreen. Many of the species have sweetly scented, bilaterally symmetrical flowers that produce a sweet, edible nectar, and most flowers are borne in clusters of two (leading to the common name of "twinberry" for certain North American species). Both shrubby and vining sorts have strongly fibrous stems which have been used for binding and textiles. The fruit is a red, blue or black spherical or elongated berry containing several seeds; in most species the berries are mildly poisonous, but in a few (notably Lonicera caerulea) they are edible and grown for home use and commerce. Most honeysuckle berries are attractive to wildlife, which has led to species such as L. japonica and L. maackii spreading invasively outside of their home ranges. Many species of Lonicera are eaten by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species — see a list of Lepidoptera that feed on honeysuckles.

Invasive species

Several species of honeysuckle have become invasive when introduced outside their native range, particularly in New Zealand and the United States.  Invasive species include L. japonica, L. maackii, L. morrowii, and L. tatarica.

Cultivation

Honeysuckles are valued as garden plants, for their ability to cover unsightly walls and outbuildings, their profuse tubular flowers in summer, and the intense fragrance of many varieties. The hardy climbing types need their roots in shade, and their flowering tops in sunlight or very light shade. Varieties need to be chosen with care, as they can become substantial. 

The following hybrids have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:
*
*L. similis var. delavayi 
*L. × purpusii 'Winter Beauty' 
*L. × tellmanniana 
Other cultivars are dealt with under their species names.

Selected species

Lonicera acuminata
Lonicera albiflora (white honeysuckle)
Lonicera alpigena (Alpine Honeysuckle)
Lonicera altmannii
Lonicera angustifolia
Lonicera anisocalyx
Lonicera arborea
Lonicera arizonica (Arizona honeysuckle)
Lonicera biflora
Lonicera bournei
Lonicera brevisepala
Lonicera buchananii
Lonicera buddleioides
Lonicera caerulea (blue-berried honeysuckle)
Lonicera calcarata
Lonicera calvescens
Lonicera canadensis (American fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera caprifolium (goat-leaf honeysuckle, perfoliate honeysuckle. Type species)
Lonicera carnosifolis
Lonicera cerviculata
Lonicera chrysantha (Chrysantha honeysuckle)
Lonicera ciliosa (orange honeysuckle)
Lonicera ciliosissima
Lonicera cinerea
Lonicera codonantha
Lonicera confusa
Lonicera conjugialis (purpleflower honeysuckle)
Lonicera crassifolia
Lonicera cyanocarpa
Lonicera dasystyla (Tonkinese honeysuckle)
Lonicera dioica - (limber honeysuckle)
Lonicera elisae
Lonicera etrusca (Etruscan honeysuckle)
Lonicera fargesii
Lonicera ferdinandii
Lonicera ferruginea
Lonicera flava (yellow honeysuckle)
Lonicera fragilis
Lonicera fragrantissima (winter honeysuckle)
Lonicera fulvotomentosa
Lonicera glutinosa
Lonicera graebneri
Lonicera gynochlamydea
Lonicera × heckrottii (Golden Flame honeysuckle)
Lonicera hellenica (Greek honeysuckle)
Lonicera hemsleyana
Lonicera heterophylla
Lonicera hildebrandiana (giant Burmese honeysuckle)
Lonicera hirsuta (hairy honeysuckle)
Lonicera hispida
Lonicera hispidula (pink honeysuckle)
Lonicera humilis
Lonicera hypoglauca
Lonicera hypoleuca
Lonicera implexa
Lonicera inconspicua
Lonicera inodora
Lonicera interrupta (Chaparral honeysuckle)
Lonicera involucrata (bearberry honeysuckle)
Lonicera japonica (Japanese honeysuckle)
Lonicera jilongensis
Lonicera kansuensis
Lonicera kawakamii
Lonicera korolkowii (blueleaf honeysuckle)
Lonicera lanceolata
Lonicera ligustrina
Lonicera litangensis
Lonicera longiflora
Lonicera longituba
Lonicera maackii (Amur honeysuckle)
Lonicera macrantha
Lonicera macranthoides
Lonicera maximowiczii
Lonicera microphylla
Lonicera minuta
Lonicera minutifolia
Lonicera modesta
Lonicera morrowii (Morrow's honeysuckle)
Lonicera mucronata
Lonicera myrtillus
Lonicera nervosa
Lonicera nigra (black-berried honeysuckle)
Lonicera nitida (boxleaf honeysuckle)
Lonicera nubium
Lonicera nummulariifolia
Lonicera oblata
Lonicera oblongifolia (swamp fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera oiwakensis
Lonicera oreodoxa
Lonicera orientalis
Lonicera pampaninii
Lonicera paradoxa
Lonicera periclymenum (honeysuckle, woodbine)
Lonicera pileata (privet honeysuckle)
Lonicera pilosa (Mexican honeysuckle)
Lonicera praeflorens
Lonicera prostrata
Lonicera pyrenaica
Lonicera reticulata (grape honeysuckle)
Lonicera retusa
Lonicera rhytidophylla
Lonicera rupicola
Lonicera ruprechtiana (Manchurian honeysuckle)
Lonicera saccata
Lonicera schneideriana
Lonicera semenovii
Lonicera sempervirens (trumpet honeysuckle)
Lonicera serreana
Lonicera setifera
Lonicera similis
Lonicera spinosa
Lonicera splendida (evergreen honeysuckle)
Lonicera standishii (Standish's honeysuckle)
Lonicera stephanocarpa
Lonicera subaequalis
Lonicera subhispida
Lonicera sublabiata
Lonicera subspicata (southern honeysuckle)
Lonicera szechuanica
Lonicera taipeiensis
Lonicera tangutica
Lonicera tatarica (Tatarian honeysuckle)
Lonicera tatarinowii
Lonicera tomentella
Lonicera tragophylla
Lonicera tricalysioides
Lonicera trichogyne
Lonicera trichosantha
Lonicera trichosepala
Lonicera tubuliflora
Lonicera utahensis (Utah honeysuckle)
Lonicera villosa (mountain fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera virgultorum
Lonicera webbiana
Lonicera xylosteum (fly woodbine)
Lonicera yunnanensis

Formerly placed here

*Burchellia bubalina (L.f.) Sims (as L. bubalina L.f.)
*Chiococca alba (L.) Hitchc. (as L. alba L.)
*Spigelia marilandica (L.) L. (as L. marilandica L.)
*Symphoricarpos orbiculatus Moench (as L. symphoricarpos L.)
*Viburnum mongolicum (Pall.) Rehder (as L. mongolica Pall.)
Question:
Which garden plant or shrub belongs to the genus Lonicera?
Answer:
Wild Honeysuckies
Passage:
Eutelsat
Eutelsat S.A. is a French-based  satellite provider. Providing coverage over the entire European continent, as well as the Middle East, Africa, India and significant parts of Asia and the Americas, it is one of the world's three leading satellite operators in terms of revenues.

Eutelsat's satellites are used for broadcasting 6,000 television stations, of which 600 are in HD, and 1100 radio stations to over 274 million cable and satellite homes. They also serve requirements for TV contribution services, corporate networks, mobile communications, Internet backbone connectivity and broadband access for terrestrial, maritime and in-flight applications. Eutelsat is headquartered in Paris. Eutelsat Communications Chief Executive Officer is currently Rodolphe Belmer. 

Its main craft have traditionally operated from four positions, each separated by three degrees at Geostationary orbit; 7, 10, 13 and 16°E; although more positions are now operated.

History

The European Telecommunications Satellite Organization (Eutelsat) was originally set up in 1977 as an intergovernmental organisation (IGO) to develop and operate a satellite-based telecommunications infrastructure for Europe. In 1982 Eutelsat decided to start operations of its first TV-channel (Sky Channel or Sky 1) on the Orbital Test Satellite (OTS) in cooperation with ESA (The European Space Agency). This was the first satellite based direct-to-home TV-channel launched   in Europe. In 1983 Eutelsat launched its first satellite to be used for telecommunications and TV distribution

Initially established to address satellite telecommunications demand in Western Europe, Eutelsat rapidly developed its infrastructure to expand coverage to additional services (i.e. TV) and markets, such as Central and Eastern Europe in 1989, and the Middle East, the African continent, and large parts of Asia and the Americas from the 1990s.

Eutelsat was the first satellite operator in Europe to broadcast television channels direct-to-home. It developed its premium neighbourhood of five Hot Bird satellites in the mid-1990s to offer capacity that would be able to attract hundreds of channels to the same orbital location, appealing to widespread audiences for consumer satellite TV.

With the general liberalisation of the telecommunications sector in Europe, the IGO’s operations and activities were transferred to a private company called Eutelsat S.A. in July 2001.

In April 2005, the principal shareholders of Eutelsat S.A. grouped their investment in a new entity (Eutelsat Communications), which is now the holding company of the Group owning 95.2% of Eutelsat S.A. on October 6, 2005. Currently it owns 96.0% of Eutelsat S.A. 

On July 31, 2013, Eutelsat Communications announced the 100% acquisition of Satélites Mexicanos, S.A. de C.V. (“Satmex”) for $831 million in cash plus assumption of $311 million in Satmex debt, pending government and regulatory approvals.  The transaction was finalized on January 2, 2014. Based in Mexico, Satmex operates three satellites at contiguous positions, 113° West (Satmex 6), 114.9° West (Satmex 5) and 116.8° West (Satmex 8) that cover 90% of the population of the Americas.

Services

Satellites

Eutelsat commercializes capacity on 40 satellites located in geosynchronous orbit between 116 degrees West and 172 degrees East.

On 1 March 2012, Eutelsat changed the names of its satellites. The group's satellites mostly take the Eutelsat name, with the relevant figure for their orbital position and a letter indicating their order of arrival at that position.

On 21 May 2014, Eutelsat Americas (formerly Satmex) aligned its satellite names with the Eutelsat brand. 

Rented capacity

Former satellites

Bibliography

*   Guy Lebègue, (trad. Robert J. Amral), « Eutelsat II: OK For West-to-East Service! », in Revue aerospatiale,  n°73, November 1990.
Question:
What is the name of a family of satellites launched since 1995 and operated by Eutelsat, located at 13E over the Equator (orbital position) with a transmitting footprint over Europe, North Africa and the Middle East?
Answer:
Hot Bird 1
Passage:
Marengo (horse)
Marengo (c. 1793–1831) was the famous war mount of Napoleon I of France. Named after the Battle of Marengo, through which he carried his rider safely, Marengo was imported to France from Egypt in 1799 as a six year old. The grey Arabian was probably bred at the famous El Naseri Stud. Although small (only ) he was a reliable, steady, and courageous mount.

Career

Marengo was wounded eight times in his career, and carried the Emperor in the Battle of Austerlitz, Battle of Jena-Auerstedt, Battle of Wagram, and Battle of Waterloo. He also was frequently used in the 80 mile gallops from Valladolid to Burgos, which he often completed in 5 hours. As one of 52 horses in Napoleon's personal stud, Marengo fled with these horses when it was raided by Russians in 1812, surviving the retreat from Moscow; however, the stallion was captured in 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo by William Henry Francis Petre, 11th Baron Petre.

Petre brought the horse back to the United Kingdom and sold him on to Lieutenant-Colonel Angerstein of the Grenadier Guards. Marengo stood at stud (unsuccessfully) at New Barnes, near Ely, at the age of 27. He eventually died at the old age of 38, and his skeleton (minus 2 hooves) was preserved and later passed to the Royal United Services Institute and is now on display at the National Army Museum in Chelsea, London. One of the remaining hooves was given to the officers of the Brigade of Guards by John Julius Angerstein as a snuff box. The 4th hoof was mounted as a silver inkwell and retained by the family, it is still owned by the family but is now on loan to the Household Cavalry Museum. The Duke of Wellington was asked to disinter his own horse, Copenhagen, to be exhibited alongside Marengo, but refused to do so. Coincidentally one of Copenhagen's hooves was also later used as an ornament.
Question:
Who's horse was called Marengo?
Answer:
Napoleon Buonaparte
Passage:
Cerulean
Cerulean, also spelled caerulean, is a color term that may be applied to certain colors with the hue ranging roughly between blue and cyan, overlapping with both. It also largely overlaps with azure and sky blue, although cerulean is dimmer.

The first recorded use of cerulean as a color name in English was in 1590.  The word is derived from the Latin word caeruleus, "dark blue, blue, or blue-green", which in turn probably derives from caerulum, diminutive of caelum, "heaven, sky". 

Use in artistic painting

In classical times, cerulean was used to describe blue pigments, particularly mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides. These early attempts to create sky blue colors were often less than satisfactory due to greenish hues and lack of permanence. When the pigment cerulean blue (shown in the color box to the left) was invented, it largely superseded all these prior pigments. See also Tekhelet.

Cerulean blue

At right is displayed the color cerulean blue.

The first recorded use of cerulean blue as a color name in English was in 1859. 

Pigments through the ages shows a "Painted swatch of cerulean blue" that is representative of the actual cobalt stannate pigment.  This color swatch matches the color shown in the color box at right.  See also painted swatch and crystals of cerulean blue at ColourLex. 

Cerulean blue pigment

Discovered in 1789 by Albrecht Höpfner,  the pigment originally referred to as cerulean blue (or corruleum blue) was first marketed in 1860 as "coeruleum" by George Rowney of the United Kingdom. The primary chemical constituent of the pigment is cobalt(II) stannate.   

It is particularly valuable for artistic painting of skies because of the purity of the blue (specifically the lack of greenish hues), its permanence (no other blue pigments retained color as well), and its opaqueness.  Berthe Morisot painted the blue coat of the woman in her "A Summer's Day', 1879 in cerulean blue in conjunction with artificial ultramarine and cobalt blue. 

Today, cobalt chromate is sometimes marketed under the cerulean blue name but is darker and greener (Rex Art color index PB 36) than the cobalt stannate version (color index PB 35). The chromate makes excellent turquoise colors and is identified by Rex Art and some other manufacturers as "cobalt turquoise".  

Other variations

Pale cerulean

Pantone, in a press release, declared the pale hue of cerulean at right, which they call cerulean, as the "color of the millennium". 

The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #15-4020 TPX—Cerulean. 

Bright cerulean

This bright tone of cerulean is the color called cerulean by Crayola crayons.

Cerulean frost

At right is displayed the color cerulean frost.

Cerulean frost is one of the colors in the special set of metallic colored Crayola crayons called Silver Swirls, the colors of which were formulated by Crayola in 1990.

In nature

* Cerulean cuckooshrike
* Cerulean kingfisher
* Cerulean paradise flycatcher
* Cerulean warbler
* Cerulean-capped manakin

In human culture

;Color
* Cerulean was nominated by Pantone in 1999 as the "color of the millennium".  (See the color pale cerulean above)

;Automotive

* Used as a paint color by the McLaren Automotive "MSO" division.

;Computer software

* Cerulean Studios is a software house based in Connecticut, United States.

;Film
* In The Devil Wears Prada, Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep) makes a reference to a cerulean colored sweater, and other high fashion clothes items in Cerulean.

;Literature
* Cerulean Sins is the eleventh book in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
* Caerulean is the species of alien Rovander Kitt belongs to in The Search for WondLa series by Tony DiTerlizzi.

;Music
* Cerulean is the album title for the September 10, 1991 music release by the band The Ocean Blue.
* Cerulean is the first album by musician Baths
* Cerulean is the sixth track on the 1992 album Hoodoo Zephyr by composer John Adams.
* Cerulean is a song of the Simian Mobile Disco band, recorded on "Unpatterns" album.
* Cerulean is a track of Jon Hopkins, recorded on his album entitled "Opalescent".

;Science
* Cerulean cyan fluorescent protein is a mutant of green fluorescent protein.

;Television
* Repetition of the words "cerulean blue" is a method the "Pusher" villain uses at the beginning of the eponymous X-Files episode 17 season 3 in order to lull his victims to do what he wants.
* In the fourth season Rocky and Bullwinkle story arc Painting Theft, villain Boris Badenov adopts the guise of a fictitious art collector named "Cerulean Blue."
* In the fourth season of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, reformed villain Discord becomes sick with "the blue flu" and has adopted a blue skin color, which Rarity describes as "a shade of cerulean, to be precise."
* In the first season of The Loud House, when the second eldest child Leni notices her skin had turned blue from her sister Lisa's experimental skin pigmentation ointment that Lisa swapped out for Leni's blemish cream, she corrects her by saying "it's a sallow shade of cerulean."

;Video games
* Azul the Cerulean is the blue-haired 33-year-old final recruit of the Tsviets in Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII.
* Cerulean City is one of the pivotal locations in the game and anime Pokémon and is home to the Water Pokémon Gym in Kanto.
Question:
Cerulean is a shade of which colour?
Answer:
Blue
Passage:
Colportage
Colportage is the distribution of publications, books, and religious tracts by carriers called "colporteurs". The term does not necessarily refer to religious book peddling.

Etymology

The term is an alteration of French comporter, "to peddle", as a portmanteau or pun with the word col (Latin collum, "neck"), with the resulting meaning  "to carry on one's neck". Porter is from Latin portare, "to carry".

History

Colportage became common in Europe with the distribution of contending religious tracts and books during the religious controversies of the Reformation. In addition to controversial works the itinerant, book-peddling colporteurs also spread widely cheap editions of the popular works of the day to an increasingly literate rural population which had little access to the book shops of the cities. 
 
The American Tract Society, an evangelical organization established in 1825 to distribute Christian literature, reported in its 24th annual report in 1849 "Colportage including 106 students from 23 different colleges or seminaries for their vacations.... [T]he colporters have visited 341,071 families...[and] sold 377,258 books." 

In Christ in the Camp: or, Religion in Lee's Army (1887), Dr. John William Jones refers to the chaplains carrying bibles and tracts during the American Civil War as colporteurs. In addition to public preaching, distributing literature was a large part of the work of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. The American Bible Society and the American Tract Society were among the largest organizations involved in colportage in the United States.

D. L. Moody founded the "Bible Institute Colportage Association" in 1894 to distribute tracts and books. Now known as Moody Publishers, they continue to publish religious materials with proceeds supporting the Moody Bible Institute.  

The Seventh-day Adventist Church calls their book distributors "literature evangelists", but until about 1980, the term "colporteur" was used to describe SDA literature evangelists.

Jehovah's Witnesses who were active in the full-time ministry were called colporteurs until 1931. Today, those participating in the full-time ministry are called "pioneers".

Bible Institute Colportage Association (BICA)

D. L. Moody founded the Bible Institute Colportage Association (BICA) in 1894 to provide a source for inexpensive Christian literature.  Moody's son-in-law, A. P. Fitt, managed BICA operations.  Publishing was contracted to Moody's brother-in-law, Fleming Revell, and his upstart publishing company.Fisher, Allan. "D. L. Moody's Contribution to Christian Publishing." Christian History & Biography. ChristianityTodayLibrary.com, 1990. Web. 16 Dec. 2015. .  In 1895 the Colportage Library began the publication at regular intervals of books which met five specific criteria:  1.  A popular readable style;  2. Well known authors or books of existing reputation;  3. Strictly evangelical and nondenominational works;  4. Good workmanship, and;  5. Low price."Preaching the Gospel in Print." Christian Workers Magazine. 1916: Vol 17, pp 496-97.  

Volume 1, Number 1, "All of Grace," by C. H. Spurgeon, issued March 15, 1895 and sold for 10 cents directly from a colporter.  Library subscription price, "$2.25 per annum, postpaid; single numbers 15 cents each, postpaid." 

In 1906 the Institute reported, “[t]he volume of business transacted was $76,855.33 as compared with $49,484.23 in 1905. The sale of Colportage Library books was 192,308 copies as compared with 192,490 copies in 1905. The vitality of this series is shown by the constant demand for even the earliest numbers, there being 196,509 reprints in all during 1906. 236,877 copies of the Emphasized Gospel of John were published during 1906. Retail mail order business amounted to $10,839.50 as compared with $8,221.11 in 1905. 100 colporters (about) at work at any one time. Fifteen regular employees at Association's headquarters in Chicago. Twenty-two depots of supply for the Association's colporters in the United States and elsewhere.”"From the Annual Reports." The Institute Tie. 1906: Vol 7, pg 300. 

By January 1, 1917, 126 titles had issued totaling 6,718,313 copies printed.  Foreign language editions included German, Danish-Norwegian, Swedish, Spanish, Italian and Bohemian publications, with requests for translations in Polish, Dutch, French, and other languages."Preaching the Gospel in Print." Christian Workers Magazine. 1916: Vol 17, pp 496-97. 

In 1941, after more than 12 million books in this series had been sold, BICA became Moody Press.Fisher, Allan. "D. L. Moody's Contribution to Christian Publishing." Christian History & Biography. ChristianityTodayLibrary.com, 1990. Web. 16 Dec. 2015.   By the 1960s almost 500 (possibly more) titles had issued under the Colportage Library banner.
Question:
The old Anglicized-French occupational word 'colporteur' was a distributor of?
Answer:
The Bible
Passage:
Hamilton–Norwood scale
[http://www.dermweb.com/hairnailsmucousmembranes/diagramofheadspage.htm Norwood-Hamilton Classification]

The progression of male pattern baldness is generally classified on the Hamilton–Norwood scale, which ranges from stages I to VII. 

This measurement scale was first introduced by Dr James Hamilton in the 1950s and later revised and updated by Dr O'Tar Norwood in the 1970s.  It is sometimes referred to as the Norwood–Hamilton scale or simply the Norwood scale.
Question:
What male condition is classified on the Hamilton-Norwood scale?
Answer:
Male Pattern Balding
Passage:
Upper Peru
This article is about a historical region now in Bolivia. Alto Perú is also the name of a shanty town area just outside Lima, Peru (see Asociacion SOLAC).

Upper Peru () was the region in the Viceroyalty of Peru, and after 1776, the  Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, comprising the governorships of Potosí, La Paz, Cochabamba, Chiquitos, Moxos and Charcas (since renamed Sucre). It was governed by the Audiencia of Charcas.

Following the Bolivian War of Independence, the region became an independent country and was renamed Bolivia in honour of Simón Bolívar.
Question:
Which country was once called Upper Peru?
Answer:
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Passage:
Candy corn
Candy corn is a candy most often found in the United States and Canada, popular  primarily around Halloween. The three colors of the candy – a broad yellow end, a tapered orange center, and a pointed white tip – mimic the appearance of kernels of corn.  Each piece is approximately three times the size of a real kernel from a ripe or dried ear.

Candy corn is made primarily from sugar, corn syrup, confectioner's wax, artificial coloring and binders. 

History

Candy corn was created in the 1880s by George Renninger of the Philadelphia, PA-based Wunderle Candy Company. The Goelitz Confectionery Company began production at the turn of the century and called the product "Chicken Feed."[http://www.bhg.com/halloween/recipes/the-history-of-candy-corn/ Broek, Sara. "The History of Candy Corn: A Halloween Candy Favorite," Better Homes and Gardens] In 2001 the company was renamed the "Jelly Belly Candy Company." 

Sales

The National Confectioners Association estimates that 20 million pounds (just over 9072 metric tons) of candy corn are sold annually. 

Production

Originally the candy was made by hand.  Manufacturers first combined sugar, corn syrup, carnauba wax, and water and cooked them to form a slurry. Fondant was added for texture and marshmallows were added to provide a soft bite. The final mixture was then heated and poured into shaped molds. Three passes, one for each colored section, were required during the pouring process.

The recipe remains basically the same today. The production method, called "corn starch modeling," likewise remains  the same, though tasks initially performed by hand were soon taken over by machines invented for the purpose. 

Variants

A popular variation called "Indian corn" features a chocolate brown wide end, orange center and pointed white tip, often available around Thanksgiving. During the Halloween season, blackberry cobbler candy corn can be found in eastern Canada. Confectioners have introduced additional color variations suited to other holidays. The Christmas variant (sometimes called "reindeer corn")  typically has a red end and a green center; the Valentine's Day variant (sometimes called "cupid corn")  typically has a red end and a pink center; In the United States during Independence Day celebrations, corn with a blue end, white center, and red tip (named "freedom corn") can be found at celebratory cook outs and patriotic celebrations; the Easter variant (sometimes called "bunny corn") is typically only a two-color candy, and comes with a variety of pastel bases (pink, green, yellow, and purple) with white tips all in one package. In 2011, there were caramel apple and green apple candy corn variants. In 2013 there were s'mores and pumpkin spice variants. In 2014, carrot corn was also introduced for the Easter season, typically being green and orange, and having a carrot cake type flavor.
Question:
What color is the tip on a standard piece of candy corn?
Answer:
White (Colour)
Passage:
1924 Winter Olympics
The 1924 Winter Olympics, officially known as the I Olympic Winter Games (French: Les Iers Jeux olympiques d'hiver), were a winter multi-sport event which was held in 1924 in Chamonix, France. Originally called Semaine Internationale des Sports d'Hiver ("International Winter Sports Week") and held in association with the 1924 Summer Olympics, the sports competitions were held at the foot of Mont Blanc in Chamonix, and Haute-Savoie, France between January 25 and February 5, 1924.   The Games were organized by the French Olympic Committee, and were in retrospect designated by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) as the I Olympic Winter Games.

The tradition of holding the Winter Olympics in the same year as the Summer Olympics would continue until 1992, after which the current practice of holding a Winter Olympics in the second year after each Summer Olympics began.

Although Figure Skating had been an Olympic event in both London and Antwerp, and Ice Hockey had been an event in Antwerp, the winter sports had always been limited by the season. In 1921, at the convention of the IOC in Lausanne, there was a call for equality for winter sports, and after much discussion it was decided to organize an "international week of winter sport" in 1924 in Chamonix.

Highlights

Day 2 

The first gold medal awarded in the Olympic Winter games was won by Charles Jewtraw of the United States in
the 500-meter speed skate.

Day 4 

Sonja Henie, at just eleven years old, skates in the ladies' figure skating competition.  Although she finishes last, she becomes popular with fans, and will take the gold at the next three Winter Olympics.

Day 6 

Finding himself in a unique situation, the figure skater Gillis Grafström is the first one ever to successfully defend his Summer Olympics title at the Winter Olympics.

Day 8 

The Canadian ice-hockey team finished their qualifying round with 3 wins, scoring a total of 85 goals against Switzerland, Czechoslovakia, and Sweden without surrendering even a single goal against.

Day 10 

Finding themselves in the same situation as Gillis Grafström, the Canadian ice-hockey team is the last ever to successfully defend its Summer Olympics title at the Winter Olympics. Canada would dominate ice hockey in early Olympic competition, winning six of the first seven gold medals awarded.

Epilogue 

At the closing of the games a prize was awarded for a sport that did not lend itself very well for tournaments: Pierre de Coubertin presented a prize for 'alpinisme' (mountaineering) to Charles Granville Bruce, the leader of the expedition that tried to climb Mount Everest in 1922.

For the first time in the history of the modern Olympics, the host country, in this case, France, failed to win any gold medals, finishing with three bronze medals. This feat would later occur at the next Winter Olympics in St. Moritz where Switzerland won only a single bronze medal, the lowest ever output by a host nation at an Olympics. Later host nations to finish without gold medals included Canada at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary and Yugoslavia at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.

In 1925, the IOC decided to organize Olympic Winter Games every four years, independent of the Olympic Games proper, and recognized the International Winter Sports Week as the first Olympic Winter games in retrospect.

In 1974 the final individual medal of Chamonix 1924 was presented. Anders Haugen, who until then had been recorded as finishing fourth in the ski jumping event, received a bronze medal. After fifty years an error had been discovered in the score of Thorleif Haug.

In 2006, the IOC retroactively awarded medals to the 1924 curling teams. The IOC decided that curling was officially part of the program, after the Glasgow Herald newspaper filed a claim on behalf of the families of the team. 

Events 

Medals were awarded in 16 events contested in 5 sports (9 disciplines). Many sources do not list curling and the military patrol, or list them as demonstration events. However, no such designation was made in 1924. In February 2006 the International Olympic Committee (IOC) ruled that curling was a full part of the Olympic program, and have included the medals awarded in the official count.

* 
* 
* 
* Skating
** 
** 
* 
** 
** 
** 
** 

Venues

* La Piste de Bobsleigh des Pellerins – Bobsleigh
* Le Tremplin Olympique du Mont – Ski jumping, Nordic combined (ski jumping)
* Stade Olympique de Chamonix – Cross-country skiing, Curling, Figure skating, Ice hockey, Military patrol, Nordic combined (cross-country skiing), and Speed skating

Participating nations 

Athletes from 16 nations competed in the first Winter Olympic Games. Germany was banned from competing in the games, and instead hosted a series of games called Deutsche Kampfspiele.

* n speed skater Christfried Burmeister was also in the list of participants but the message about his withdrawal wasn't sent to the organizers. 

Medal count
Question:
In 1924, which country hosted the first Winter Olympic Games?
Answer:
La Republique francaise
Passage:
SparkNotes : Love's Labour's Lost : Characters
SparkNotes: Love's Labour's Lost: Characters
Love's Labour's Lost
Summary
Act I, Scenes i and ii
Ferdinand, King of Navarre  -  While the play's dramatis personae lists the King as Ferdinand, throughout the play he is referred to only as "King." He is a scholar and has sworn an oath to uphold his scholarship at the expense of earthly pleasures, the most important of which will turn out to be receiving women at his court.
Berowne, Longaville, Dumaine  -  Three lords who have joined the King in his oath of scholarship. They fall in love with Rosaline, Maria, and Katherine, respectively.
Princess of France  -  This character never has a name other than "Princess." She pays a visit to the King of Navarre and, along with some of her attendants, plays a game of wits with the King and his lords.
Rosaline, Maria, Katherine  -  Three ladies attending the Princess who catch the fancy of the King's lords.
Boyet -  A lord attending on the Princess, he serves as a messenger to the King's court and exchanges jokes with the lords.
Don Armado -  Described in the list of characters as "a fantastical Spaniard." He catches Costard and Jaquenetta in the forest and falls in love with Jaquenetta. Shakespeare uses Don Armado to mock the fallen glory of the Spanish Armada.
Mote -  Don Armado's page.
Costard -  He is described as "a clown," and therefore fills the role of the fool, a common character in many of Shakespeare's plays. Both Don Armado and Berowne ask him to deliver letters to their respective ladies, but Costard accidentally switches the letters.
Jaquenetta -  A country wench caught with Costard by Don Armado.
Sir Nathaniel, Holofernes  -  A curate and schoolmaster, respectively. They serve the role of providing learned commentary on the letters of the other characters. They are also responsible for the masque of the Nine Worthies near the end of the play.
Dull -  A constable, usually appearing with Sir Nathaniel and Holofernes. He provides a dull contrast to their scholarship.
Mercadé  -  Another lord attending on the Princess. His only appearance in the play comes when he arrives to tell the Princess that her father has died.
Question:
The King of Navarre and the Princess of France appear as characters in which Shakespeare play?
Answer:
Love’s Labour’s Lost
Passage:
Erki Nool
Erki Nool (born 25 June 1970 in Võru, Estonia) is an Estonian decathlete and politician.

Nool is a winner of the gold medal for decathlon in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. Although Nool did not place first in any individual event, his total score was the highest. Nool won the title after the competition referee decided to over-rule a discus judge, who had red-flagged his last and only valid attempt due to alleged step-out. The reinstatement of his 43.66-metre third throw sparked unsuccessful counter-protests from other teams. Nool took gold ahead of the Czech Roman Šebrle and American Chris Huffins.

On September 1997 he established the first private athletics school in Estonia. 

Since 2005, Erki Nool has been the Vice Chairman of the EOC Athletes Commission and since 2007, member of the European Athletics Development Committee.

In 2006, Nool participated as a celebrity contestant on the first season of Tantsud tähtedega, an Estonian version of Dancing with the Stars. His professional dancing partner was Ave Vardja.

Nool was elected to the Estonian Parliament, Riigikogu, on 4 March 2007, representing the Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica. 

Since 2008, he is also member of the Executive Committee of the Estonian Olympic Committee.

Achievements
Question:
What nationality is reigning Olympic decathlon champion, Erki Nool?
Answer:
ESTONIAN
Passage:
A Brief History of Time
A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is a 1988 popular-science book by British physicist Stephen Hawking.  It became a bestseller and sold more than 10 million copies in 20 years.  It was also on the London Sunday Times bestseller list for more than four years and was translated into 35 languages by 2001. 

Summary 

Stephen Hawking attempts to explain a range of subjects in cosmology, including the Big Bang, black holes and light cones, to the nonspecialist reader. His main goal is to give an overview of the subject, but he also attempts to explain some complex mathematics. In the 1996 edition of the book and subsequent editions, Hawking discusses the possibility of time travel and wormholes and explores the possibility of having a universe without a quantum singularity at the beginning of time.

Early in 1983, Hawking first approached Simon Mitton, the editor in charge of astronomy books at Cambridge University Press, with his ideas for a popular book on cosmology. Mitton was doubtful about all the equations in the draft manuscript, which he felt would put off the buyers in airport bookshops that Hawking wished to reach. With some difficulty, he persuaded Hawking to drop all but one equation.  The author himself notes in the book's acknowledgements that he was warned that for every equation in the book, the readership would be halved, hence it includes only a single equation: E = mc2.  The book does employ a number of complex models, diagrams, and other illustrations to detail some of the concepts it explores.

Editions 

* 1988: The first edition included an introduction by Carl Sagan that tells the following story: Sagan was in London for a scientific conference in 1974, and between sessions he wandered into a different room, where a larger meeting was taking place. "I realized that I was watching an ancient ceremony: the investiture of new fellows into the Royal Society, one of the most ancient scholarly organizations on the planet. In the front row, a young man in a wheelchair was, very slowly, signing his name in a book that bore on its earliest pages the signature of Isaac Newton... Stephen Hawking was a legend even then." In his introduction, Sagan goes on to add that Hawking is the "worthy successor" to Newton and Paul Dirac, both former Lucasian Professors of Mathematics. 

The introduction was removed after the first edition, as it was copyrighted by Sagan, rather than by Hawking or the publisher, and the publisher did not have the right to reprint it in perpetuity. Hawking wrote his own introduction for later editions.

* 1996, Illustrated, updated and expanded edition: This hardcover edition contained full-color illustrations and photographs to help further explain the text, as well as the addition of topics that were not included in the original book.
* 1998, Tenth-anniversary edition: It features the same text as the one published in 1996, but was also released in paperback and has only a few diagrams included. ISBN 0553109537
* 2005, A Briefer History of Time: a collaboration with Leonard Mlodinow of an abridged version of the original book. It was updated again to address new issues that had arisen due to further scientific development. ISBN 0-553-80436-7

Film 

In 1991, Errol Morris directed a documentary film about Hawking, but although they share a title, the film is a biographical study of Hawking, and not a filmed version of the book.

Opera 

The New York's Metropolitan Opera has commissioned an opera to premiere in 2015–16 based on Hawking's book. It will be composed by Osvaldo Golijov with a libretto by Alberto Manguel in a production by Robert Lepage.
Question:
"Which physicist wrote ""A Brief History of Time""?"
Answer:
Stephen Hawkings
Passage:
The Ghost (Harris novel)
The Ghost  is a contemporary political thriller by the best-selling English novelist and journalist Robert Harris. The novel has been adapted into a film, directed by Roman Polanski, which was released in 2010. Polanski and Harris wrote the screenplay together.

Background

In 2007 British prime minister Tony Blair resigned. Harris, a former Fleet Street political editor, dropped his other work to write the book. The ghost of the title refers both to a professional ghostwriter, whose lengthy memorandum forms the novel, and to his immediate predecessor who, as the action opens, has just drowned in mysterious circumstances.

The dead man had been ghosting the autobiography of a recently unseated British prime minister named Adam Lang, a thinly disguised version of Blair.  The fictional counterpart of Cherie Blair is depicted as a sinister manipulator of her husband. So astonishing are the implied allegations of the roman à clef that, had it concerned a lesser figure and were Harris a less eminent novelist, Britain's libel laws might have rendered publication impossible: Harris told The Guardian before publication, "The day this appears a writ might come through the door. But I would doubt it, knowing him."  The thriller acquires an added frisson from the fact that Harris was an early and enthusiastic backer of Blair and a donor to New Labour funds. 

The New York Observer, headlining its otherwise hostile review The Blair Snitch Project, commented that the book's "shock-horror revelation" was "so shocking it simply can't be true, though if it were it would certainly explain pretty much everything about the recent history of Great Britain."

Plot summary

Most of the action takes place on Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts, where Lang has been holed up in the holiday home of his billionaire American publisher to turn out his memoirs on a deadline. Other scenes are set in Notting Hill, New York and Whitehall.

Lang's former aide, Mike McAra, has been struggling to ghost the former politician's memoirs. But, as the novel opens, McAra drowns when he apparently falls off the Woods Hole ferry. The fictional narrator of The Ghost, whose name is never revealed, is hired to replace him. His girlfriend walks out on him over his willingness to take the job: "She felt personally betrayed by him; she used to be a party member." He soon suspects foul play and stumbles across evidence of possible motive, buried in Lang's Cambridge past. Having located what may be the lethal secret, the replacement ghostwriter begins to fear for his own safety.

Meanwhile Lang, like his real-life counterpart, has been accused by his enemies of war crimes. A leaked memorandum has revealed that he secretly approved the capture and extraordinary rendition of UK citizens to Guantanamo Bay to face interrogation and torture. Richard Rycart, Lang's disillusioned and renegade former foreign secretary (loosely based on Robin Cook), who before and during his early days in office made much of his wish to adopt an "ethical" foreign policy, is now at the UN, in a position to do his former boss serious damage. Unlike Blair, Lang thus appears in imminent threat of indictment at the International Criminal Court.

The narrator tussles to reconcile his obligation to complete the ghosting job with its attendant abundant payment on the one hand and, on the other, the pressing need, as he sees it, to reveal Lang's true allegiances. The action really heats up when he contacts Rycart. The narrator comes under increasing jeopardy: romantically and politically, as well as physically.

Lang and Blair

Harris said in a US National Public Radio interview that politicians like Lang and Blair, particularly when they've been in office a long time, become divorced from everyday reality, read little and end up with a limited outlook. When it comes to writing their memoirs, they therefore tend to have all the more need of a ghostwriter. Harris hinted at a third and far less obvious allusion hidden in the novel's title, which may also have served as the motive for writing the novel in the first place. Blair, he said, had in effect been a ghostwriter of sorts to President Bush when giving public reasons for invading Iraq, arguing the case better than had the President, although attributing that better argument to Bush. 

The novel is dedicated to Robert Harris's wife Gill.

Film adaptation

In November 2007 it was announced that Roman Polanski was to direct the film version of the novel. He and Harris would be writing the script.  The cast was at first to consist of Nicolas Cage as the ghost, Pierce Brosnan as Adam Lang, with Tilda Swinton as Ruth Lang and Kim Cattrall as Lang's assistant Amelia Bly. Filming was delayed and a year later it was announced that Ewan McGregor would play the ghost instead of Cage and Olivia Williams would take over the role of Ruth Lang. The film was a French-German-British joint production, with Babelsberg Studios near Berlin having a central role and most scenes, especially those from Martha's Vineyard, were shot in Germany.  Harris was quoted as saying, "I want to be sure it's out before Tony Blair's own memoirs are published." 

Polanski was arrested by Swiss police in September 2009 on his way to the Zurich Film Festival. Babelsberg Studios initially announced that production was put on hold. However, Polanski continued working on post-production from his house arrest in Switzerland. The film, retitled The Ghost Writer, premiered at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival on 12 February 2010.  

Notes
Question:
Who wrote The Ghost (2007) and An Officer and a Spy (2013)?
Answer:
Rob Harris
