Passage:
10 Most Popular Sports In America - TheRichest
stumbleupon
Email
Comment
The information is derived from those websites which are being browsed most in the United States of America. (The websites concerned with the individual sports are taken into consideration). The list shows which sports the people of a specific country watch and not necessarily the sports they play.
#1. Football
In America the term “Football” is basically used for the American Football. The competitions of the highest levels are organized under the NFL (the National Football League). It is particularly popular in specific areas of the United States which include the Southern areas (Texas, Florida) and the Western Areas (California).
#2 Baseball
Also known as the national pastime of the United States, Baseball is the most popular sport in the country. Speaking broadly there are two levels of competitions – the minor league baseball and the major league baseball or MLB. These league competitions are not only watched in the US but also around the world over.
#3 Basketball
After the baseball and the American Football the next most closely followed game in the United States is Basketball. The NBA (National Basketball Association), just like the MLB and the NFL are not only being watched in the US but are popular around the world. It is mostly popular in the eastern and the northern regions of the United States.
#4 Hockey
It is among the most popular sports in the US.
#5 Soccer
America is one of those very few countries where Soccer does not hold the top position in terms of popularity. Soccer is regarded as the most popular sports in the world in terms of viewership and participation although it is not that much popular in the US. However it is gaining popularity in the school based programs as about 380,000 boys and 340,000 girls participated in it during the 2008 as per the U.S Census.
#6 Golf
Golf is the sixth when it comes to popularity in the USA as Tiger Woods is the most popular Golfing athlete presently.
#7 Tennis
Next in line comes Tennis or Lawn Tennis. In this sport the US also has a great record.
#8 Motorsports
The Motorsports including auto-car and the motorcycle racing come next line in terms of it’s following among the people in the United States.
#9 Pro Wrestling
Wrestling comes next as the most popular in the United States.
#10 Martial Arts
The youngsters in the US are developing liking for the marital arts and that is why it has crept into the top 10 most popular sports in the United States.
243 Shares
Question:
"What is the ""national pastime"" of the United States?"
Answer:
Baseball game
Passage:
Beehive (New Zealand)
The Beehive is the common name for the Executive Wing of the New Zealand Parliament Buildings, located at the corner of Molesworth Street and Lambton Quay, Wellington. It is so-called because of its shape is reminiscent of that of a traditional woven form of beehive known as a "skep". It is registered as a Category I heritage building by Heritage New Zealand.

History

Scottish architect Sir Basil Spence provided the original conceptual design of the Beehive in 1964. The detailed architectural design was undertaken by the New Zealand government architect Fergus Sheppard, and structural design of the building was undertaken by the Ministry of Works. The Beehive was built in stages between 1969 and 1979. W. M. Angus constructed the first stage - the podium, underground car park and basement for a national civil defence centre, and Gibson O'Connor constructed the ten floors of the remainder of the building. 

Bellamy's restaurant moved into the building in the summer of 1975–76 and Queen Elizabeth II, Queen of New Zealand, unveiled a plaque in the reception hall in February 1977. The Prime Minister, Robert Muldoon, formally opened the building in May 1977. The government moved into the upper floors in 1979. The annex facing Museum Street was completed in 1981.

Renovations were carried out and the interior was modernised between 1998 and 2006 to plans by Christchurch architecture firm Warren and Mahoney. In 2013 and 2014, the roof was repaired and windows replaced.

In July 2015, Heritage New Zealand declared the Beehive "of outstanding heritage significance for its central role in the governance of New Zealand". Blyss Wagstaff of Heritage New Zealand called it "one of the most recognisable buildings in the country. Heritage New Zealand assigned the highest rating for a historic place, Category I, to the building. The original application for the heritage designation was made by Lockwood Smith, a former Speaker of the House of Representatives. The heritage registration with the list number 9629 became effective on 24 July 2015. The tunnel to Bowen House is specifically excluded from the heritage registration.  

Facts and figures

The building is ten storeys (72 m) high and has four floors below ground. The entrance foyer's core is decorated with marble floors, stainless steel mesh wall panels, and a translucent glass ceiling. 

The Beehive's brown roof is constructed from 20 tonnes of hand-welted and seamed copper. It has developed a naturally weathered appearance. A tunnel leads from the building under Bowen Street, linking the Beehive with parliamentary offices in Bowen House. The Beehive is extensively decorated with New Zealand art. On the inner wall of the Banquet Hall is a large notable mural by John Drawbridge portraying the atmosphere and sky of New Zealand.

The Beehive's circular footprint (see rotunda) is generally considered an elegant and distinctive design feature. However it is also quite impractical, as many of its rooms are wedge-shaped, curved or asymmetrical. An extension has been built out the front to allow for a new security entrance. A new, bomb-proof mail delivery room has already been built at the rear of the building.

Uses

The top floor is occupied by the Cabinet room, with the Prime Minister's offices on the ninth floor (and part of the eighth). Other floors contain the offices of cabinet ministers.

Other facilities within the building include function rooms and a banqueting hall on the first floor of the Beehive, which is the largest function room in the parliamentary complex. The parliamentary catering facilities of Bellamy’s include a bar known as Pickwicks or 3.2 (due to its position in the building on the third floor and second corridor), Copperfield's café, and the Member's and Member's and Guests restaurants. The building also houses, in its basement, the country's National Crisis Management Centre. Other facilities include a theatrette and a swimming pool. The parliament building is used by MPs who hold meetings or are discussing bills or new laws.

Tours

Free guided tours lasting up to one hour as well as educational visits for students are available.
Question:
‘The Beehive’ is the common name of the Executive Wing of the parliamentary building in which country?
Answer:
N Z
Passage:
Food-Info.net : Where do onions come from
Food-Info.net : Where do onions come from ?
Food-Info.net> Questions and Answers > Food products > Fruits and vegetables
Where do onions come from ?
The exact origin of the onion is unknown, although ancient texts dating back to 3000 B.C. reveal that it was first grown in parts of Asia . Around this period it was also grown in China and later also in India . From there it must have been taken to Greece and Egypt, because it appears frequently in decorations and hieroglyphics in the pyramids. Onions were also used by the Greeks and the Romans.
As a member of the Allium family, which also includes garlic and leek, the Greeks grew the onion in the vegetable garden. One section of the Athenian market was even called ï¿½ta skorodaï¿½ which means ï¿½the garlicï¿½ and this indicates that the trade in Allium -species belonged to everyday life.
When the Romans introduced the onion in Europe it quickly became a popular vegetable. This emerges, among other things, from the brisk trade on the London market in the thirteenth century, where even imported onions were sold. From that moment onwards the onions gained ground, both inside and outside Europe.
Despite protracted social and religious taboos through the centuries, the onion has gradually regained respectability. In America, for example, the immigration of the Greeks, Italians and Spanish had a great influence. In their cultures the onion was indeed extremely popular.
Onions are now grown worldwide in many varieties, sizes and flavours and they have gained a permanent place in our present-day kitchen, both raw and cooked.
Source : http://www.ui.nl
Question:
In which European country did red onions originate?
Answer:
Environment of Italy
Passage:
The Four Winds of Love
The Four Winds of Love is the overall title for a series of six novels written by Compton Mackenzie, The East Wind of Love (1937), The South Wind of Love (1938), The West Wind of Love (1940), West to North (1942), The North Wind of Love, Book 1 (1944) and The North Wind of Love, Book 2 (1945), which taken together constitute a major fictional chronicle of the first forty years of the twentieth century. The main protagonist of the hexalogy is the semi-autobiographical character of John Ogilvie.
Question:
"Who published almost 100 books on many subjects, including his autobiography ""My Life and Times"" (10 vols, 1963-1971), ""The Four Winds Of Love"" (6 vols, 1937-45), ""Whisky Galore"" (1947) and ""Monarch of the Glen"" (1941)?"
Answer:
Sir Compton Mackenzie
Passage:
Sister monument to Stonehenge may have been found - Phys.org
Sister monument to Stonehenge may have been found
Sister monument to Stonehenge may have been found
July 22, 2010                        By RAPHAEL G. SATTER         , Associated Press Writer
This is a Sept. 15, 2004. file photo of tourists looking at The Stonehenge on Salisbury Plain in England.  Scientists scouring the area around Stonehenge said Thursday July 22, 2010 they have uncovered the foundations of a second circular structure only a few hundred meters (yards) from the world famous monument. (AP Photo/Dave Caulkin, File )
(AP) --  Scientists scouring the area around Stonehenge said Thursday they have uncovered a circular structure only a few hundred meters (yards) from the world famous monument.
There's some debate about what exactly has been found. The survey team which uncovered the structure said it could be the foundation for a circle of freestanding pieces timber, a wooden version of Stonehenge.
But Tim Darvill, a professor of archaeology at Bournemouth University in southern England, expressed skepticism, saying he believed it was more likely a barrow, or prehistoric tomb.
Darvill did say that the circle was one of an expanding number of discoveries being made around Stonehenge which "really shows how much there is still to learn and how extensive the site really was."
"In its day Stonehenge was at the center of the largest ceremonial center in Europe," he said.
Although antiquarians have been poking around the area since the 18th century, excavations are now tightly restricted. So archeologists have been scanning the surrounding fields and pastures with magnetic and radar sensors pulled across the grass by tractors or quad bikes.
The new structure was found when scans identified a cluster of deep pits surrounded by a ring of smaller holes about 900 meters (a little over half a mile) from Stonehenge and within sight of its famous standing stones.
University of Birmingham archaeologist Henry Chapman said he was convinced the small holes were used to secure a circle of wooden poles which stood "possibly three or more meters (10 or more feet) high."
The timber henge - a name given to prehistoric monuments surrounded by a circular ditch - would have been constructed and modified at the same time as its more famous relative, and probably had some allied ceremonial or religious function, Chapman said in a telephone interview from Stonehenge.
Exactly what kind of ceremonies those were is unclear. The new henge joins a growing complex of tombs and mysterious Neolithic structures found across the area.
The closest equivalent is probably the nearby Woodhenge, a monument once composed of six rings of wooden posts enclosed by an earth embankment. Excavations there in the 1970s revealed the body of child whose skull had been split buried at the center of the henge - hinting at the possibility of human sacrifice.
A stone's throw from the newly found henge is a formation known as the Cursus, a 3-kilometer-long (1.8-mile-long) earthwork whose purpose remains unknown. Also nearby is a puzzling chunk of land known as the Northern Kite Enclosure; Bronze Age farmers seem to have avoided cultivating crops there, although no one is sure quite why.
The whole area around Stonehenge is dotted with prehistoric cemeteries - some of which predate the monument itself - and new discoveries are made occasionally.
Last year, researchers said they had found a small circle of stones on the banks of the nearby River Avon. Experts speculated the stone circle - dubbed "Bluehenge" because it was built with bluestones - may have served as the starting point of a processional walk that began at the river and ended at Stonehenge.
Chapman's team is still in the early stages of its work, having surveyed only about four square kilometers (1.5 square miles) of the 16 square kilometers (six square miles) it eventually plans to map.
The survey is being led by the University of Birmingham and the Austria-based Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Archaeological Prospection and Virtual Archaeology, with support from other institutions and researchers from Germany, Norway and Sweden.
Henges of various descriptions exist throughout Britain - from the Standing Stones o' Stenness on the northern island of Orkney to the Maumbury Rings in southern England county of Dorset.
Stonehenge , a World Heritage Site, remains the best-known.
Question:
What was the descriptive and related name given to a smaller prehistoric site discovered near Stonehenge?
Answer:
Bluestonehenge
Passage:
Bridget Bishop
Bridget Bishop (ca. 1632, England – 10 June 1692, Salem, Massachusetts Bay Colony) was the first person executed for witchcraft during the Salem witch trials in 1692. All together about 72 people were accused and tried. 20 were executed.

Recent historical interpretation: "A resident of Salem Town"

Bridget Bishop may have been a resident of Salem Town, not Salem Village, where the allegations started. Perhaps she was previously confused with another alleged witch, Sarah Bishop of Salem Village. 
However she may have been accused because she owned one or more taverns, played shuffleboard, dressed in very provocative clothing, and was outspoken.   
One interpretation of the historical record suggests that she was a resident of Salem Town and thus not the tavern owner. Perhaps she did not know her accusers. This would be supported in her deposition in Salem Village before the authorities stating, "I never saw these persons before, nor I never was in this place before."  The indictments against her clearly note that she was from "Salem"  which meant Salem Town, as other indictments against residents of Salem Village specified their locations as such. 

In the transcripts there is some indication of confusion between Sarah Bishop, wife of a tavern owner in Salem Village, and Bridget Bishop, not a tavern owner and a resident of Salem Town.

Family

Bridget's maiden name seems to have been Mangus. She had one daughter from her marriage to Thomas Oliver, named Christian Oliver (sometimes spelled Chrestian), born 8 May 1667. 

She was married three times. She married her first husband Samuel Wesselbe on 13 April 1660, at St. Mary-in-the-Marsh, Norwich, Norfolkshire, England. 

Her second marriage on 26 July 1666   was to Thomas Oliver, a widower and prominent businessman. She was earlier accused of bewitching Thomas Oliver to death, but was acquitted for lack of evidence. Her last marriage circa 1687 was to Edward Bishop, a prosperous sawyer, whose family lived in Beverly. 

Nature of allegations

Bishop was accused of bewitching five young women, Abigail Williams, Ann Putnam, Jr., Mercy Lewis, Mary Walcott, and Elizabeth Hubbard, on the date of her examination by the authorities, 19 April 1692.

A record was given of her trial by Cotton Mather in "The Wonders of the Invisible World." In his book, Mather recorded that several people testified against Bishop, stating that the shape of Bishop would pinch, choke or bite them. The shape also threatened to drown one victim if she did not write her name in a certain book. During the trial, anytime Bishop would look upon one of those supposed to be tortured by her, they would be immediately struck down and only her touch would revive them. More allegations were made during the trial including that of a woman saying that the apparition of Bishop tore her coat, upon further examination her coat was found to be torn in the exact spot. Mather mentions that the truth of these many accusations carried too much suspicion, however.

William Stacy, a middle aged man in Salem Town, testified that Bishop had previously made statements to him that other people in the town considered her to be a witch. He confronted her with the allegation that she was using witchcraft to torment him, which she denied. Another local man, Samuel Shattuck, accused Bishop of bewitching his child and also of striking his son with a spade. He also testified that Bishop asked him to dye lace, which apparently was too small to be used on anything but a poppet (doll used in spell-casting). John and William Bly, father and son, testified about finding poppets in Bishop's house and also about their cat that appeared to be bewitched, or poisoned, after a dispute with Bishop. Other victims of Bishop, as recorded by Mather, include Deliverance Hobbs, John Cook, Samuel Gray, Richard Coman, and John Louder. 

During her sentencing, a jury of women found a third nipple upon Bishop (a sure sign of witchcraft) but upon a second examination the nipple was not found. In the end Mather states that the biggest thing that condemned Bishop was the gross amount of lying she committed in court. According to Mather, "there was little occasion to prove the witchcraft, it being evident and notorious to all beholders." Bishop was sentenced to death and hanged.
Question:
Bridget Bishop was hanged on June 10, 1692 at Gallows Hill near what Massachusetts city for certaine Detestable Arts called Witchcraft & Sorceries?
Answer:
Salem
Passage:
Cheroot
The cheroot is a cylindrical cigar with both ends clipped during manufacture. Since cheroots do not taper, they are inexpensive to roll mechanically, and their low cost makes them popular.

The word cheroot comes from French cheroute, from Tamil curuttu/churuttu/shuruttu (சுருட்டு)- roll of tobacco. This word could have been absorbed into the French language from Tamil during the 18th century, when the French were trying to stamp their presence in South India. The word could have then been absorbed into English from French.[http://www.wmich.edu/dialogues/themes/indianwords.htm#links Etymology of Selected Words of Indian Language Origin]

Asia

Cheroots are traditional in Burma and India, consequently, popular among the British during the days of the British Empire. They are often associated with Burma in literature:

Apparently, Cheroot smoking was also associated with resistance against tropical disease in India. Verrier Elwin wrote in a foreword (1957) to Leaves from the Jungle: Life in a Gond Village,

Most likely the cheroot's aroma, by sticking to the skin and hiding the scent of sweat, which draws mosquitoes, contributed to making the smoker less of a target for their bites.

Although a cheroot is defined as cylindrical, home-rolled cheroots in Burma are sometimes conical.
Question:
A cheroot is a type of what?
Answer:
Parejo
Passage:
Denim Disco: 1970's TV GOLD - BUDGIE
Denim Disco: 1970's TV GOLD - BUDGIE
1970's TV GOLD - BUDGIE
                                   ''From the bright busy streets of the Charing Cross Road
                                    To the dark little alleys in old Soho
                                    From the smart noisy clubs where everybody goes
                                    To the dark little streets that nobody knows''
BUDGIE was one of the great BRITISH TV DRAMA series of the 1970's.It was first broadcast in the UK during 1971/72 and has become one of the most fondly remembered TV Shows of the era.The programme showed the gritty reality of everyday life in a way that was rarely touched upon in other TV shows of the day and the passing of time has not lessened the shows impact
 
                                    
The central role of small time crook RONALD 'BUDGIE' BIRD was played by the former teen pop idol ADAM FAITH.Faith had only really dabbled in acting before.He'd performed in a couple of movies in the wake of his chart success and after the pop career tailed off he appeared in some minor theatrical roles. The show was created by two experienced and successful writers:KEITH WATERHOUSE and WILLIS HALL and a few eyebrows were raised when they choose Faith for the lead role
                                     
Throughout the series Bird attempts to become a player in the SOHO CRIMINAL UNDERWORLD. He possesses of a fair degree of charm,but a lack of the requisite amount of cunning places him firmly at the bottom of the criminal 'food chain'
 
Faith played the part with such conviction that the public began to question where RONALD BIRD finished and where ADAM FAITH began.During a 1974 TV interview RUSSEL HARTY said to Faith that he would be ''Frightened to come up against you in a dark alley''.Adam was forced to remind him ''Thats Budgie,thats not me.I can't help what Budgie is''.Another striking character in the programme was the gangster Charlie Endell {played by IAN CUTHBERTSON}.Cuthbertson stood at 6ft4 and also turned in a remarkably believable performance.I doubt if  HARTY would have even walked into a room if 'Charlie Endell' had been present!
 
  
 
The show proved to be incredibly popular and soon every 'JACK THE LAD' worth his salt would be attempting to emulate BUDGIE in the fashion stakes.In an early episode Faith wore a short zip up cotton jacket by STIRLING COOPER which had large lapels and patch pockets in contrasting colours. Similar jackets were also manufactured in suede and leather and these became known as 'BUDGIE' jackets.
 
 
The 'FEATHERED' haircut he sported in the show {created by KEITH WAINWRIGHT of SMILE} was also widely emulated.Before long the BUDGIE haircut and jacket teamed with FLARED trousers,wide collared shirt and broad STACK HEELED became THE LOOK for working class white males in the UK and made ADAM FAITH the much emulated 'FACE' of STREET FAHION.
BUDGIE was more than just a character in a TV drama show. BUDGIE was no less than THE WIDE BOY JAMES DEAN OF THE TELEVISION SCREEN!
Question:
Who played the part of Budgie in the 1970’s drama series?
Answer:
Terry Nelhams-Wright
Passage:
Mary Berry joins US Bake Off special - BBC News
Mary Berry joins US Bake Off special - BBC News
BBC News
Mary Berry joins US Bake Off special
22 October 2015
Read more about sharing.
Close share panel
Image caption Reports had previously suggested Mary Berry would not join any US remake of the hit cooking show.
Mary Berry is heading to the US for a festive-themed remake of The Great British Bake Off, reports Deadline .
The British cook will join pastry chef Johnny Iuzzini as a judge on The Great Holiday Baking Show, as amateur bakers attempt a series of themed challenges.
The four-week special, hosted by Nia Vardalos, of My Big Fat Greek Wedding fame, and husband, Cougar Town star Ian Gomez, will debut on 30 November.
Last month's Bake Off final became the UK's most-watched TV show of the year.
An average audience of 13.4m viewers tuned in to see Nadiya Hussain crowned the winner of the sixth series.
US network CBS remade a version of The Great British Bake Off in 2013, called The American Baking Competition, but it premiered to dire ratings and was cancelled after its first seven-episode season.
The Great Holiday Baking Show will be produced by Love Productions for the ABC Television Network.
Question:
Which veteran pastry chef and writer is the female judge of the Great British Bake-Off on TV?
Answer:
Mary Berry
Passage:
Triskelion
A triskelion or triskele (which invariably has rotational symmetry) is a motif consisting of three interlocked spirals, three bent human legs, or three bent/curved lines extending from the center of the symbol. Both words are from Greek  (triskelion) or  (triskeles), "three-legged",  from prefix "τρι-" (tri-), "three times"  + "σκέλος" (skelos), "leg". 
A triskelion is the symbol of Sicily, where it is called trinacria,  as well as of the Isle of Man,  Brittany, and the town of Füssen in Germany.

Neolithic, Bronze Age, and Iron Age use in Europe

The triskelion symbol appears in many early cultures, the first in Malta (4400–3600 BC) and in the astronomical calendar at the famous megalithic tomb of Newgrange in Ireland built around 3200 BC,  Mycenaean vessels, on coinage in Lycia, and on staters of Pamphylia (at Aspendos, 370–333 BC) and Pisidia. It appears as a heraldic emblem on warriors' shields depicted on Greek pottery. 

The triskelion is an ancient symbol of Sicily, with the head of the Gorgon, whose hair are snakes, from which radiate three legs bent at the knee.
The symbol dates back to when Sicily was part of Magna Graecia, the colonial extension of Greece beyond the Aegean.  Pliny the Elder attributes the origin of the triskelion of Sicily to the triangular form of the island, the ancient Trinacria (from the Greek tri- (three) and akra (end, limb)), which consists of three large capes equidistant from each other, pointing in their respective directions, the names of which were Pelorus, Pachynus, and Lilybæum.

The Celtic symbol of three conjoined spirals may have had triple significance similar to the imagery that lies behind the triskelion. The triple spiral motif is a Neolithic symbol in Western Europe. Though popularly considered a "Celtic" symbol it is in fact a pre-Celtic symbol.  It is carved into the rock of a stone lozenge near the main entrance of the prehistoric Newgrange monument in County Meath, Ireland. Newgrange, which was built around 3200 BC, predates the Celtic arrival in Ireland, but has long since been incorporated into Celtic culture. The symbol is also found carved in rock in Castro Culture settlement in Portugal, Galicia and Asturias in northwest Spain.

Asian usage

Traditional Asian versions of the triskelion include the Japanese Mitsudomoe, the Tibetan Buddhist Gankyil, and the Korean Sam Taegeuk.

Modern usage

A triskelion is featured on the seal of the United States Department of Transportation.

A triskelion shape is the basis for the roundel of the Irish Air Corps,  and the logo for the Trisquel Linux distribution.

A triskelion shape was used in the design of RCA's "Spider" 45 rpm adapter, a popular plastic adapter for vinyl records, which allows larger center-holed 45 rpm records (commonly used on 7" singles and EPs) to spin on players designed for smaller center-holed 33-1/3 rpm records (the standard for 10" and 12" LPs). The design was practical, the three curved arms providing equal spring and thus keeping the hole centred. The iconic design of the Spider has led to its adoption as a popular symbol for record and music enthusiasts.  

One of the most commonly used symbols of the BDSM community is a derivation of a triskelion shape within a circle.

The crest of the Breton football club En Avant de Guingamp combines the Flag of Brittany, the team colours and the triple spiral triskelion.

Reconstructionists and neopagans

The triskele, usually consisting of spirals, but also the "horned triskelion", is used by some polytheistic reconstructionist and neopagan groups. As a Celtic symbol, it is used primarily by groups with a Celtic cultural orientation and, less frequently, can also be found in use by various eclectic or syncretic traditions such as Neopaganism. The spiral triskele is one of the primary symbols of Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism.  Celtic Reconstructionists use the symbol to represent a variety of triplicities in their cosmology and theology; it is also a favored symbol due to its association with the god Manannán mac Lir.

Occurrence in nature

The endocytic protein, clathrin, is triskelion-shaped.

Gallery

File:2009-03-22 03-29 Sizilien 683 Agrigent, Parco Valle dei Templi Agrigento, Museo Archaeologico.jpg|Triskelion of Sicily of the Minoan period (archaeological museum of Agrigento)
File:Celtic Bronze Disc, Longban Island, Derry.jpg|Celtic triskele of three stylized bird heads with whorl in the center
File:Triple-Spiral-Symbol.svg|A version of the Neolithic triple spiral symbol
File:Triskele-Symbol1.svg|Spiral triskele, found in Celtic artwork, used by Celtic Reconstructionists and occasionally as a Christian Trinity symbol
File:Triskel_type_Tonkedeg..svg|Triskele of church windows
File:Selection_of_carvings_from_the_Castro_de_Santa_Trega.jpg|Selection of carvings from the Castro Santa Trega Galicia
File:BDSM_logo.svg|The BDSM community's triskele-type emblem.
File:Irish_Air_Corps_roundel.svg|Irish Air Corps roundel. A modern interpretation of the Celtic triskele
File:Flag_of_Ingushetia.svg|Solar emblem of Ingush represents not only the sun and the universe but also awareness of the oneness of the spirit in the past, present and future.
File:Trisquel da Aira Vella, Santo Estevo de Allariz, Allariz.jpg|Iron Age Castro culture triskele, reused in a barn. Airavella, Allariz, Galicia
File:US-DeptOfTransportation-Seal.svg|The seal of the US Department of Transportation.
File:Wappen Fuessen.svg|Coat of Arms of Füssen
File:Stater slinger Aspendos MBA Lyon.jpg|Slinger standing left, triskelion to right. Reverse of an ancient Greek silver stater from Aspendos, Pamphylia.
File:Torque de Santa Tegra 1.JPG|Triskelion and spirals on a Galician torc terminal.
File:Sam_Taeguk.jpg|The Korean Sam Taegeuk
File:Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging flag.svg|The flag of the South African Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging

File:Logo-Trisquel.svg|Logo of Trisquel GNU/Linux
File:Mita-Matsuzaka_jido_yuen_0612090033.jpg|A tiled triskelion in a park in Tokyo, Japan.
File:45rpmadapter.jpg|45 RPM record plastic insert.
Question:
The Triskelion is used as the symbol for which part of the British Isles ?
Answer:
Man Island
Passage:
William Astor, 3rd Viscount Astor
William Waldorf "Bill" Astor II, 3rd Viscount Astor (13 August 1907 – 7 March 1966) was an English businessman and Conservative Party politician. He was also a member of the Astor family.

Background and education 

William was the eldest son of Waldorf Astor and Nancy Witcher Langhorne. He was educated at Eton and at New College, Oxford.

Political career 

In 1932, Astor was appointed secretary to Victor Bulwer-Lytton, 2nd Earl of Lytton, League of Nations Committee of Enquiry in what was then known as Manchuria. First elected to the House of Commons in 1935, he served as a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Fulham East until 1945. Between 1936 and 1937 he was Parliamentary Private Secretary to the First Lord of the Admiralty Sir Samuel Hoare, who was then made Secretary of State for the Home Department in the new cabinet of Neville Chamberlain in 1937.

Astor left parliament for a time, but returned as the Conservative MP for Wycombe in the 1951 general election, serving for ten months. On his father's death in 1952, he inherited his title, becoming the 3rd Viscount Astor. Astor took his seat in the House of Lords, forcing a by-election in Wycombe, which was won by the Conservative candidate John Hall. During the 1963 Profumo Affair Astor was accused of having an affair with Mandy Rice-Davies. In response to being told during one of the trials arising out of the scandal that Astor had denied having an affair with her, Rice-Davies famously replied "He would, wouldn't he?"

Astor then took over the family's Cliveden estate in Buckinghamshire, where he and his family continued to live until 1966. Active in thoroughbred horse racing, he inherited Cliveden Stud, a horse farm and breeding operation in the village of Taplow near Maidenhead.

Marriages and children

Viscount Astor married three times: 

Firstly, on 14 June 1945 he married Hon Sarah Kathleen Elinor Norton (born 20 January 1920, died 4 February 2013), daughter of Richard Henry Brinsley Norton, 6th Baron Grantley.  They had one son before divorce in 1953:

* William Waldorf Astor III, 4th Viscount Astor (born 27 December 1951)

Secondly, on 26 April 1955 he married Phillipa Victoria Hunloke (born 10 December 1930, died 20 July 2005), a daughter of Henry Philip Hunloke and Lady Anne Cavendish and a granddaughter of Victor Cavendish, 9th Duke of Devonshire.  They had one daughter before divorce in 1960:

* Hon Emily Mary Astor (born 9 June 1956)

Finally, on 14 October 1960 Astor  married Janet Bronwen Alun Pugh (born 6 June 1930). They had two daughters:

* Hon Janet Elizabeth Astor (born 1 December 1961), second wife of Charles Gordon-Lennox, Earl of March and Kinrara
* Hon Pauline Marian Astor (born 26 March 1964)

Astor died in Nassau, Bahamas, at age 58 from a heart attack  and was buried in the Octagon Temple at Cliveden. His son succeeded him in the viscountcy.
Question:
"Who famously said in the witness box, ""Well, he would, wouldn't he?"" when told that Viscount Astor denied having an affair with her (in relation to the 1963 Profumo scandal)?"
Answer:
Mandy-Rice Davies
Passage:
Dean Martin discography
This article contains a listing of Dean Martin's original singles, LPs, and compilations from his career.  Martin recorded his first single, "Which Way Did My Heart Go" / "All of Me", for the small Diamond Records in July 1946.  The majority of the singer's recordings were released on Capitol Records (1948–1961) and later on Frank Sinatra's Reprise Records (1962–1974).
Martin had many hit singles during his lifetime, but only two went to No. 1 on the pop charts – "Memories Are Made of This" in 1956 and "Everybody Loves Somebody" nearly a decade later.  A close runner-up was "That's Amore", which stalled at No. 2.  Other Top Tens included "Powder Your Face with Sunshine" (No. 10), "Return to Me" (No. 4), "The Door Is Still Open to My Heart" (No. 6), and "I Will" (No. 10).

After "Volare" reached No. 12 in August 1958, Martin experienced a bleak six-year period in his recording career without any significant single activity, exacerbated by changing pop trends and his focus on movie roles. Inexplicably, a song strongly associated with Martin, "Ain't That a Kick in the Head," never charted when released as a single.  His highest-charting single during that span was "On an Evening in Roma" which barely registered at No. 59.  It would take "Everybody Loves Somebody" to rejuvenate his chart decline.

"Everybody Loves Somebody" also introduced Martin to the Easy Listening charts.  From 1964 to 1969, he had great success there, as 20 of his singles reached the Top Ten. The final year that the singer had any significant chart success on either chart was 1969, with "Gentle on My Mind", "I Take a Lot of Pride in What I Am", and "One Cup of Happiness" doing moderately well.  One major surprise came in the United Kingdom, as "Gentle on My Mind" reached an astonishing No. 2.

The crooner had only two singles chart on Billboard's Country chart – "My First Country Song" (No. 35), featuring Conway Twitty, was appropriately the first in 1983.  As far back as 1959, Martin had expressed his love of country music ("My Rifle, My Pony, and Me").  Within a year of signing with Reprise, Martin had recorded his first country album, Country Style, released in January 1963.  He continued to record country music prolifically until he retired, yet country radio refused to play his singles.

A total of 32 original studio albums were released in Martin's career.  His most critically well-regarded projects were released on Capitol Records in the late 1950s – e.g. Sleep Warm (1959) and This Time I'm Swingin'! (1960). Nevertheless, the singer had no significant album chart success until he signed with Reprise Records in the early 1960s.

Without question, the Everybody Loves Somebody 1964 compilation album was Martin's best-selling album, narrowly missing the top spot at No. 2. The Dean Martin Christmas Album, released in 1966, became a perennial best-seller throughout the late '60s and early '70s, hitting No. 1 on Billboard's Christmas chart.

Other albums that made the Top 20 Pop Albums chart include Dream with Dean (No. 15), The Door Is Still Open to My Heart (No. 9), Dean Martin Hits Again (No. 13), (Remember Me) I'm the One Who Loves You (No. 12), Houston (No. 11), Welcome to My World (No. 20), and Gentle on My Mind (No. 14).

Martin virtually retired from the studio after November 1974, no doubt exacerbated by Reprise's decision to withhold the Once in a While project. The label believed Martin paying tribute to his influences would not sell well at the height of disco. The label finally reversed its decision four years later after embellishing the backing tracks with a more modern, disco-flavored rhythm section. Once in a While concluded the artist's lucrative association with Reprise.

His longtime producer, Jimmy Bowen, eventually persuaded Martin to record one more album for old times sake, and The Nashville Sessions, released on Warner Brothers, became a moderate success in 1983. The crooner's recording career ended in July 1985, when he recorded the non-charting single, "L.A. Is My Home". Interestingly, as the singer was renowned for his ease in front of audiences, no live albums were made available until after his passing in 1995.

Demand for Martin's recordings continues to be significantly high in the new millennium. Capitol and Collector's Choice Music re-released Martin's original studio albums. Bear Family Records, one of the world's leading reissue labels based in Germany, chronicled the singer's complete recording sessions in three lavish box sets. Capitol's 2004 compilation, Dino: The Essential Dean Martin, was certified platinum by the RIAA.

Country singer Martina McBride overdubbed her vocal onto Martin's original version of "Baby's It's Cold Outside" two years later for Capitol's Forever Cool duets project, resulting in a Top 40 country/Top 10 Adult Contemporary hit, Martin's first single activity since "My First Country Song" 23 years earlier. The album featured overdubbed duets with McBride, Kevin Spacey, Dave Koz, Chris Botti, Shelby Lynne, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy and more. A duet of "I'll Be Home for Christmas" with Scarlett Johansson was added to Martin's My Kind of Christmas CD.

Cool Then, Cool Now, an impressive two-CD/book released on Hip-O Records in 2011, examined the artist's signature hits along with a significant dose of lesser-known recordings.

It is believed that Martin's worldwide record sales exceed 50 million units.

Albums

Studio albums

Retrospective live albums

Compilation albums

Box sets

Extended plays

Singles

Diamond

Apollo

Embassy

Capitol

This section needs to be expanded with Canadian chart peaks

Reprise

* Note: According to the RIAA, "Everybody Loves Somebody" has been certified gold for sales of 500,000. It is the only Martin single to receive any RIAA certification.
** Note: "Things" was originally recorded by Martin on December 13, 1962. Nancy Sinatra overdubbed her vocal to the existing rhythm track five years later on September 20, 1967.

Warner Bros.

MCA

Capitol (Retrospective Singles)
Question:
Who had two, number two hits in 1958 with 'Return To Me' and 'Volare'?
Answer:
Dino Paul Crocetti
Passage:
Barclay Square Apartments
Barclay Square Apartments
Barclay Square Apartments
View Our Floor Plans
One and two bedroom apartments just a stone's throw from all of the dining, shopping, and entertainment Baltimore City has to offer.  Barclay Square Apartments is walking distance to Morgan State University and just a few minutes' drive from Johns Hopkins University.
Apartments feature plush wall-to-wall carpeting, oversized closets, and beautifully equipped kitchens.
One and two bedroom apartments just a stone's throw from all of the dining, shopping, and entertainment Baltimore City has to offer.  Barclay Square Apartments is walking distance to Morgan State University and just a few minutes' drive from Johns Hopkins University.
Apartments feature plush wall-to-wall carpeting, oversized closets, and beautifully equipped kitchens.
Walk-in closets in some apartments
Wall-to-wall carpeting
DSL and cable modem available
On-site clothes care center
5 minutes to Morgan State University
5 minutes to shopping
Question:
Barclay Square was an early Internet site offering what?
Answer:
Window shop
Passage:
Billy the Kid (ballet)
Billy the Kid is a 1938 ballet written by the American composer Aaron Copland on commission from Lincoln Kirstein. It was choreographed by Eugene Loring for Ballet Caravan. Along with Rodeo and Appalachian Spring, it is one of Copland's most popular and widely performed pieces. The ballet is most famous for its incorporation of several cowboy tunes and American folk songs and, although built around the figure and the exploits of Billy the Kid, is not so much a biography of a notorious but peculiarly appealing desperado as it is a perception of the pioneer West, in which a figure such as Billy played a vivid role. 

It was premiered on 16 October 1938  in Chicago by the Ballet Caravan Company, with pianists Arthur Gold and Walter Hendl performing a two-piano version of the score.  The first performance of Billy the Kid in New York City occurred on 24 May 1939, with an orchestra conducted by Fritz Kitzinger.

Story

The story follows the life of the infamous outlaw Billy the Kid. It begins with the sweeping song "The Open Prairie" and shows many pioneers trekking westward. The action shifts to a small frontier town, in which a young Billy and his mother are present. The mother is killed by a stray bullet during a gunfight and Billy stabs his mother's killer, then goes on the run.

The next scene shows episodes in Billy's later life. He is living in the desert, is hunted and captured by a posse (in which the ensuing gun battle features prominent percussive effects) and taken to jail. Billy manages to escape after stealing a gun from the warden during a game of cards and returns to his hideout, where he thinks he is safe, but sheriff Pat Garrett catches up and shoots him to death. The ballet ends with the 'open prairie' theme and pioneers once again travelling West.

Order of numbers

# Introduction: The Open Prairie
# Street Scene in a Frontier Town
# Mexican Dance and Finale
# Prairie Night (Card Game at Night, Billy and his Sweetheart)
# Gun Battle
# Celebration (After Billy's Capture)
# Billy's Death
# The Open Prairie Again

Music

Cowboy and folk tunes were heavily used, for instance:  
* Great Grandad
* Whoopee ti yi yo, get along little dogies
* The Old Chisholm Trail
* Goodbye Old Paint

It also includes the Mexican Jarabe dance, played in 5/8 by a solo trumpet, just before "Goodbye Old Paint".

Cover

The eight movements of Billy The Kid make up the first seven tracks of jazz guitarist Bill Frisell's album "Have a Little Faith".
Question:
"Who composed the ballets, ""Billy the Kid"" and ""Rodeo""?"
Answer:
Ballets by Aaron Copland
Passage:
2013 Epsom Derby
The 2013 Epsom Derby (known as the Investec Derby for sponsorship reasons) was the 234th annual running of the Derby horse race. It took place at Epsom Downs Racecourse on 1 June 2013.

The race was won by Ruler of the World, at odds of 7/1 ridden by jockey Ryan Moore. The winner gave Aidan O'Brien his fourth success and was the first horse since Shergar to win both the Chester Vase and the Derby.  The favourite Dawn Approach finished last of the twelve runners. 

Race synopsis 

Dawn Approach, who had been sired by 2008 Derby winner New Approach, was a 5-4 favorite leading into the race, having won the 2013 2000 Guineas Stakes, the first leg of Britain's Triple Crown, by 5 lengths.  The only other horse from the 2000 Guineas was Mars, going off at 12-1.  Appearing in his third race was Ruler of the World, who did not race as a two-year-old, but he won his first race, a maiden race at Curragh by 3 1/2 lengths and also took the Chester Vase by six lengths.  Ruler of the World went off at 7-1 odds. 

Present for the race, as in years past, was Queen Elizabeth II, along with a crowd of 18,237.  Favourite Dawn Approach would be ridden by Kevin Manning, who had also ridden his father New Approach to the 2008 Derby win.  Ruler of the World, who would go on to win this year's Derby, was ridden by Ryan Moore, after fellow jockey Joseph O'Brien elected to ride Battle of Marengo.  Both Battle of Marengo and Ruler of the World were trained by Aidan O'Brien from Ballydoyle, who is Joseph's father.  O'Brien would train five of the twelve horses in the race, also including Mars, Flying the Flag, and Festive Cheer.

At the start of the race, favourite Dawn Approach showed little discipline, and was out of the running by the first furlong.  Though he led briefly at the one-mile mark, he would fall to the back of the pack and finished last, half a length behind Ocean Applause.  Early in the straight Ruler of the World overtook his stable companion Battle of Marengo and established a clear advantage which he maintained throughout the final quarter mile and won by a length and a half. Libertarian finished strongly, overtaking several horses in the closing strides to finish second ahead of Galileo Rock and Battle of Marengo.

Following the race, winning jockey Ryan Moore stated "I planned to be a bit closer but I just didn’t get away very well —- it was a very messy race."  Trainer Aiden O'Brien, on winning his fifth Derby stated that Ruler of the World "quickened up well that day and won like a very good horse." 

Race details

* Sponsor: Investec
* Winner's prize money: £782,314
* Going: Good
* Number of runners: 12
* Winner's time: 2 minutes, 39.06 seconds

Full result

Winner details

Further details of the winner, Ruler of the World:
* Foaled: 17 March 2010, in Ireland
* Sire: Galileo; Dam: Love Me True (Kingmambo)
* Owner: Derrick Smith, Sue Magnier and Michael Tabor
* Breeder: Southern Bloodstock

Form analysis

Two-year-old races

Notable runs by the future Derby participants as two-year-olds in 2012:

* Dawn Approach – 1st in Coventry Stakes, 1st in Vincent O'Brien Stakes, 1st in Dewhurst Stakes
* Battle of Marengo - 1st in Beresford Stakes

The road to Epsom

Early-season appearances in 2013 and trial races prior to running in the Derby:

* Dawn Approach – 1st in 2000 Guineas
* Ruler of the World - 1st in Chester Vase
* Libertarian – 1st in Dante Stakes
* Battle of Marengo – 1st in Ballysax Stakes, 1st in Derrinstown Stud Derby Trial
* Ocavango – 1st in Prix Greffulhe
* Chopin – 1st in Dr. Busch-Memorial
* Festive Cheer - 2nd in Prix Hocquart

Subsequent Group 1 wins

Group 1 / Grade I victories after running in the Derby:

* Dawn Approach – St. James's Palace Stakes (2013)
Question:
Which horse won the 2013 Epsom Derby at 7 to 1?
Answer:
Ruler of the World
Passage:
Generalised tonic-clonic seizure
Tonic–clonic seizures (formerly known as grand mal seizures) are a type of generalized seizure that affects the entire brain. Tonic–clonic seizures are the seizure type most commonly associated with epilepsy and seizures in general, though it is a misconception that they are the only type.

Tonic–clonic seizures can be induced deliberately in electroconvulsive therapy.

Pathophysiology

The vast majority of generalized seizures are idiopathic.  However, some generalized seizures start as a smaller seizure such as a simple partial seizure or a complex partial seizure and then spread to both hemispheres of the brain. This is called a secondary generalization.  Factors could include chemical and neurotransmitter imbalances and a genetically determined seizure threshold, both of which have been implicated. The seizure threshold can be altered by fatigue, malnutrition, lack of sleep or rest, hypertension, stress, diabetes, the presence of neon or xenon strobe-flashes, fluorescent lighting, rapid motion or flight,
blood sugar imbalances, anxiety, antihistamines and other factors. 

In the case of symptomatic epilepsy, it is often determined by MRI or other neuroimaging techniques that there is some degree of damage to a large number of neurons.  The lesions (i.e., scar tissue) caused by the loss of these neurons can result in groups of neurons episodically firing abnormally, creating a seizure.

Phases

A tonic–clonic seizure comprises two phases, the tonic phase and the clonic phase.

;Tonic phase
The patient will quickly lose consciousness, and the skeletal muscles will suddenly tense, often causing the extremities to be pulled towards the body or rigidly pushed away from it, which will cause the patient to fall if standing or sitting. The tonic phase is usually the shortest part of the seizure, usually lasting only a few seconds. The patient may also express brief vocalizations like a loud moan or scream during the tonic stage, due to air forcefully expelled from the lungs.

;Clonic phase
The patient's muscles will start to contract and relax rapidly, causing convulsions. These may range from exaggerated twitches of the limbs to violent shaking or vibrating of the stiffened extremities. The patient may roll and stretch as the seizure spreads. The eyes typically roll back or close and the tongue often suffers bruising or lacerations sustained by strong jaw contractions. The lips or extremities may turn slightly bluish (cyanosis) and incontinence is seen in some cases.

Due to physical and nervous exhaustion, postictal sleep with stertorous breathing invariably follows a tonic–clonic seizure.  Confusion and complete amnesia upon regaining consciousness is usually experienced and slowly wears off as the patient becomes gradually aware that a seizure occurred.
Question:
Grand-mal and petit-mal are terms used in connection with which medical condition?
Answer:
Seizure disorder
Passage:
Candy corn
Candy corn is a candy most often found in the United States and Canada, popular  primarily around Halloween. The three colors of the candy – a broad yellow end, a tapered orange center, and a pointed white tip – mimic the appearance of kernels of corn.  Each piece is approximately three times the size of a real kernel from a ripe or dried ear.

Candy corn is made primarily from sugar, corn syrup, confectioner's wax, artificial coloring and binders. 

History

Candy corn was created in the 1880s by George Renninger of the Philadelphia, PA-based Wunderle Candy Company. The Goelitz Confectionery Company began production at the turn of the century and called the product "Chicken Feed."[http://www.bhg.com/halloween/recipes/the-history-of-candy-corn/ Broek, Sara. "The History of Candy Corn: A Halloween Candy Favorite," Better Homes and Gardens] In 2001 the company was renamed the "Jelly Belly Candy Company." 

Sales

The National Confectioners Association estimates that 20 million pounds (just over 9072 metric tons) of candy corn are sold annually. 

Production

Originally the candy was made by hand.  Manufacturers first combined sugar, corn syrup, carnauba wax, and water and cooked them to form a slurry. Fondant was added for texture and marshmallows were added to provide a soft bite. The final mixture was then heated and poured into shaped molds. Three passes, one for each colored section, were required during the pouring process.

The recipe remains basically the same today. The production method, called "corn starch modeling," likewise remains  the same, though tasks initially performed by hand were soon taken over by machines invented for the purpose. 

Variants

A popular variation called "Indian corn" features a chocolate brown wide end, orange center and pointed white tip, often available around Thanksgiving. During the Halloween season, blackberry cobbler candy corn can be found in eastern Canada. Confectioners have introduced additional color variations suited to other holidays. The Christmas variant (sometimes called "reindeer corn")  typically has a red end and a green center; the Valentine's Day variant (sometimes called "cupid corn")  typically has a red end and a pink center; In the United States during Independence Day celebrations, corn with a blue end, white center, and red tip (named "freedom corn") can be found at celebratory cook outs and patriotic celebrations; the Easter variant (sometimes called "bunny corn") is typically only a two-color candy, and comes with a variety of pastel bases (pink, green, yellow, and purple) with white tips all in one package. In 2011, there were caramel apple and green apple candy corn variants. In 2013 there were s'mores and pumpkin spice variants. In 2014, carrot corn was also introduced for the Easter season, typically being green and orange, and having a carrot cake type flavor.
Question:
What color is the tip on a standard piece of candy corn?
Answer:
White (Colour)
Passage:
Bobby Pickett
Robert George Pickett (February 11, 1938 – April 25, 2007), known by the pen name Bobby "Boris" Pickett, was an American singer who was known for co-writing and performing the 1962 hit novelty song "Monster Mash".

Biography

Early life

Pickett was born in Somerville, Massachusetts. His father was a theater manager, and as a nine-year-old he watched many horror films. He would later incorporate impressions of them in his Hollywood  nightclub act in 1959. Pickett was a United States Army veteran, who served in Korea.

Music career

Pickett co-wrote "Monster Mash" with Leonard Capizzi in May 1962. The song was a spoof on the dance crazes popular at the time, including the Twist and the Mashed Potato, which inspired the title. The song featured Pickett's impersonations of veteran horror stars Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi (the latter with the line "Whatever happened to my Transylvania Twist?"). It was passed on by every major record label, but after hearing the song, Gary S. Paxton agreed to produce and engineer it; among the musicians who played on it was pianist Leon Russell. Issued on Paxton's Garpax Records, the single became a million seller, reaching #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for two weeks before Halloween in 1962.  It was styled as being by "Bobby 'Boris' Pickett & the Crypt-Kickers". The track re-entered the U.S. charts twice, in August 1970, and again in May 1973, when it reached the #10 spot. In Britain it took until October 1973 for the tune to become popular, peaking at #3 in the UK Singles Chart.  For the second time, the record sold over one million copies.  The tune remains a Halloween perennial on radio and on iTunes. A Christmas-themed follow-up, "Monster's Holiday", (b/w "Monster Motion") was also released in 1962 and reached #30 in December that year. "Blood Bank Blues" (b/w "Me And My Mummy") did not chart. This was followed by further monster-themed recordings such as the album The Original Monster Mash and such singles as "Werewolf Watusi" and "The Monster Swim". In 1973, Pickett rerecorded "Me And My Mummy" for a Metromedia 45 (it did not chart). Another of Pickett's songs, "Graduation Day", made #80 in June 1963. In 1985, with American culture experiencing a growing awareness of rap music, Pickett released "Monster Rap", which describes the mad scientist's frustration at being unable to teach the dancing monster from "Monster Mash" how to talk. The problem is solved when he teaches the monster to rap.

Further parodies

In 1975, Pickett recorded a novelty spoof on Star Trek called "Star Drek" with Peter Ferrara, again performing some of the various voices, which was played on Dr. Demento's radio show for many years. He also performed a duet with Ferrara in 1976 titled "King Kong (Your Song)" spoofing the movie by the same name that was released that year.

In the early 1980s a musical "sequel" to the "Monster Mash" called "The Monster Rap" was released, which featured Pickett teaching the creature to speak through "rapping". Though not nearly as popular as the original "Monster Mash", it once again found a reasonable following with the Dr. Demento fanbase.

In 1993, Pickett wrote and performed "It's Alive", another sequel of sorts to the original "Mash" song. It did not chart but was played occasionally on the Demento show.

In October 2005, Pickett protested inaction on the United States government's part towards global warming by releasing "Climate Mash", a new version of his hit single.

Film and writing

In 1967, Pickett and television author Sheldon Allman wrote the musical I'm Sorry the Bridge Is Out, You'll Have to Spend the Night. It has been produced by local theatres around the U.S. They followed it up later with another musical, Frankenstein Unbound. In 1995 the co-writers of Disney's Toy Story, Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow, produced a movie of it, originally entitled Frankenstein Sings, but later released in the US under Monster Mash: The Movie. Pickett starred in it with Candace Cameron, Jimmie Walker, Mink Stole, John Kassir, Sarah Douglas, Anthony Crivello, Adam Shankman and Carrie Ann Inaba. On ABC-TV, he appeared on the guest segment of The Long Hot Summer, with Roy Thinnes and Nancy Malone, in August 1967.

In 1962 or 1963, Pickett also hosted a weekly disc jockey show on KRLA in Los Angeles.

In 2005 Pickett published his autobiography through Trafford Publishing. It was called Monster Mash: Half Dead in Hollywood.

Pickett appeared in such roles as Archie Bunker as part of a stage comedy revue about television, presented in Boston, "Don't Touch That Dial".

Pickett appeared in several classic film genres: beach movie, It's a Bikini World (1967); biker, Chrome and Hot Leather (1971); horror, Deathmaster (1972) and the sci-fi comedy film, Lobster Man From Mars (1989).

Death

Pickett died at the age of 69 on April 25, 2007, in Los Angeles, California, due to complications from leukemia. His daughter Nancy Huus was at his side when he died. He left two grandchildren, Jordan Huus and Olivia Huus and his sister, Lyinda Pickett, now known as Lyinda Boyle. The May 13, 2007, episode of the Dr. Demento show, featured a documentary retrospective of Pickett's work.
Question:
Who were Bobby 'Boris' Pickett's backing group on his hit 'Monster Mash'?
Answer:
Bobby 'Boris' Pickett
Passage:
Poet
A poet is a person who writes poetry. Poets may describe themselves as such or be described as such by others. A poet may simply be a writer of poetry, or may perform their art to an audience.

 	

The work of a poet is essentially one of communication, either expressing ideas in a literal sense, such as writing about a specific event or place, or metaphorically. Poets have existed since antiquity, in nearly all languages, and have produced works that vary greatly in different cultures and time periods.  Throughout each civilization and language, poets have used various styles that have changed through the course of literary history, resulting in a history of poets as diverse as the literature they have produced.

History

In Ancient Rome, professional poets were generally sponsored by patrons, wealthy supporters including nobility and military officials.  For instance, Gaius Cilnius Maecenas, friend to Caesar Augustus, was an important patron for the Augustan poets, including both Horace and Virgil.

Poets held an important position in pre-Islamic Arabic society with the poet or sha'ir filling the role of historian, soothsayer and propagandist. Words in praise of the tribe (qit'ah) and lampoons denigrating other tribes (hija) seem to have been some of the most popular forms of early poetry. The sha'ir represented an individual tribe's prestige and importance in the Arabian peninsula, and mock battles in poetry or zajal would stand in lieu of real wars. 'Ukaz, a market town not far from Mecca, would play host to a regular poetry festival where the craft of the sha'irs would be exhibited.

In the High Middle Ages, troubadors were an important class of poets and came from a variety of backgrounds. They lived and travelled in many different places and were looked upon as actors or musicians as much as poets. They were often under patronage, but many travelled extensively.

The Renaissance period saw a continuation of patronage of poets by royalty. Many poets, however, had other sources of income, including 
Italians like Dante Aligheri, Giovanni Boccaccio and Petrarch's works in a pharmacist's guild and William Shakespeare's work in the theater.

In the Romantic period and onwards, many poets were independent writers who made their living through their work, often supplemented by income from other occupations or from family.  This included poets such as William Wordsworth and Robert Burns.

Poets such as Virgil in the Aeneid and John Milton in Paradise Lost invoked the aid of a Muse.

Education

Poets of earlier times were often well read and highly educated people while others were to a large extent self-educated. A few poets such as John Gower and John Milton were able to write poetry in more than one language.

Many universities offer degrees in creative writing though these only came into existence in the 20th century. While these courses are not necessary for a career as a poet, they can be helpful as training, and for giving the student several years of time focused on their writing.
Question:
Which poet resided at Dove Cottage
Answer:
Wordsworth, William
Passage:
Chrysaora
Chrysaora is a genus of the family Pelagiidae (Jellyfish).  A recent analysis of the genus found there to be 12 valid species. The origin of the genus name Chrysaora lies in Greek mythology with Chrysaor, brother of Pegasus and son of Poseidon and Medusa. Translated, Chrysaor means "he who has a golden armament." 

Valid species

*Chrysaora achlyos Martin, Gershwin, Burnett, Cargo & Bloom 1997 - black sea nettle
*Chrysaora chinensis Vanhöffen, 1888
*Chrysaora colorata (Russell 1964) - purple-striped sea nettle
*Chrysaora fulgida (Reynaud 1830)
*Chrysaora fuscescens Brandt 1835 - Pacific sea nettle
*Chrysaora hysoscella (Linné 1766) - compass jelly
*Chrysaora lactea Eschscholtz 1829
*Chrysaora melanaster Brandt 1838 - northern sea nettle, or brown jellyfish
*Chrysaora pacifica (Goette 1886) - Japanese sea nettle
*Chrysaora pentastoma Péron & Lesueur, 1810
*Chrysaora plocamia (Lesson 1832)
*Chrysaora quinquecirrha (Desor 1848) - Atlantic sea nettle

Synonyms and dubious species

*Chrysaora africana (Vanhöffen 1902) [accepted as Chrysaora fulgida (Reynaud, 1830)]
*Chrysaora blossevillei Lesson 1830 [nomen dubium]
*Chrysaora caliparea (Reynaud 1830) [species inquirenda]
*Chrysaora depressa (Kishinouye 1902) [accepted as Chrysaora melanaster Brandt 1838]
*Chrysaora helvola Brandt 1838 [accepted as Chrysaora fuscescens Brandt 1835]
*Chrysaora kynthia Gershwin & Zeidler 2008 [nomen dubium]
*Chrysaora southcotti Gershwin & Zeidler 2008 [accepted as Chrysaora pentastoma Péron & Lesueur, 1810]
*Chrysaora wurlerra Gershwin & Zeidler 2008 [nomen dubium]
Question:
A sea nettle is what type of creature?
Answer:
Jelly-fish
