Passage:
Cymru Fydd
The Cymru Fydd (Young Wales;) movement was founded in 1886 by some of the London Welsh, including J. E. Lloyd, O. M. Edwards, T. E. Ellis (leader, MP for Merioneth, 1886–1899), Beriah Gwynfe Evans and Alfred Thomas. Initially it was a purely London-based society, later expanding to cities in England with a large Welsh population. From 1892 branches were organised in Wales itself, the first being formed at Barry by W. Llewelyn Williams.

Its main objective was to gain self-government for Wales. The movement lost some of its impetus following the withdrawal of T. E. Ellis to join the Government in 1892, after which the leadership of Cymru Fydd was taken over by David Lloyd George and Herbert Lewis (MP for Flint Boroughs). Cymru Fydd was re-launched on a narrower, more political basis.

After an initial period of success in 1894-5, in which time it merged with the North Wales Liberal Federation (18 April 1895) to form the Welsh National Federation, it met with fierce opposition from the South Wales Liberal Federation, led by the Federation President, David Alfred Thomas (MP for Merthyr Tydfil 1889–1910).

On 16 January 1896, the proposal to merge the South Wales Liberal Federation with the Welsh National Federation was put to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the South Wales Liberal Federation, held at Newport, Monmouthshire. Lloyd George was howled down and refused permission to speak. After Robert Bird, a senior Cardiff Alderman declared his determination to resist 'the domination of Welsh ideas', the merger proposal was defeated. Cymru Fydd collapsed soon afterwards. The effect of this collapse was particularly severe on the Women's Liberal Associations, all but 15 of which collapsed. Lloyd George switched his attention to British matters, next coming to prominence as an opponent of the Boer War.

The movement was supported by the magazine Young Wales, edited by John Hugh Edwards between 1895 and its collapse in 1896. An earlier magazine, Cymru Fydd, ceased publication in 1891.
Question:
Owain Glyndŵr (died c. 1416) who was venerated by the 19th century Cymru Fydd movement is considered the national hero of what ethnicity?
Answer:
Welsh
Passage:
Vauxhall Velox | This model of the Vauxhall Velox was ...
Vauxhall Velox | This model of the Vauxhall Velox was produc… | Flickr
Vauxhall Velox
This model of the Vauxhall Velox was produced between 1957–62. And Assembled in Luton, Bedfordshire, England.
 
At the 1957 London Motor Show Vauxhall presented radically new Velox and Cresta models: these would come to be known as the PA versions, being the first of the P series. Particularly eye catching was the new wrap-around windscreen, combined with a three part rear window it created an airy passenger cabin, providing exceptional all round visibility. The back of the Velox was graced by tail fins, a Detroit inspired trend already taken up by the car's Ford rival, and which would in the next two years be followed also by such European competitors as Fiat, BMC and Peugeot. On the inside the new Velox also followed US practice, combining a front bench seat with a column-mounted gear change/shift, continuing a trend back to the first Velox of 1948. Velox models were also assembled at the General Motors Holden plants throughout Australia and the General Motors New Zealand plant in Petone, north of Wellington with the Wyvern replaced by the new Victor model line which was also built in the country. Special versions of the Velox were built for local traffic police.
 
Minor modifications to the car's six-cylinder engine raised power output to 83 bhp (61 kW). As before, the Cresta was distinguished from the Velox model by superior levels of equipment and a two tone paint finish.
 
The Velox PA received its first facelift in October 1959 when the front grill was enlarged and the three-piece rear window was replaced by a single wrap-around window. Technical improvements had to await the 1960 facelift, however.
Done
Question:
Which car manufacturer produced the 'Victor' and 'Velox' models?
Answer:
Vauxhall, London, England
Passage:
Noel Coward - Spartacus Educational
Noel Coward
Noel Coward
▼ Primary Sources ▼
Noel Coward
Noel Coward was born in Teddington on 16th December, 1899. Coward began acting at the age of 12 and appeared in Peter Pan in 1913. His first play was produced in 1917. However, it was the play, I'll Leave It to You (1920) that first brought him national recognition. This was followed by The Vortex (1924), Hay Fever (1925) and This Year of Grace (1928).
Coward was also a singer who wrote his own music. His operetta Bitter Sweet, was produced in 1929. Other popular plays and musicals included Private Lives (1930), Cavalcade (1931) and Words and Music (1932), which featured his most famous song, Mad Dogs and Englishmen. Coward also published an autobiography, Present Indicative in 1937.
Other popular songs by Coward include Poor Little Rich Girl, A Room With a View, Dance Little Lady, Someday I'll Find You, Alexander's Ragtime Band, Mrs Worthington, Mad About the Boy, London Pride and Don't Let's Be Beastly to the Germans, a song that was banned by the BBC for being pro-German.
During the Second World War Coward began to write film scripts. This included In Which We Serve (1942), Blithe Spirit (1945) and Brief Encounter (1945).
After the war Coward published a second volume of autobiography, Future Indefinite (1954) and wrote several plays and musicals There Are Bad Times Just Around the Corner (1952), Nude With Violin (1956) and Sail Away (1961).
Noel Coward died in Port Maria, Jamaica, on 26th March, 1973.
(1) Noel Coward, Don't Let's Be Beastly to the Germans (1943)
Verse
And with an open mind
We must endeavour to find
A way -
To let the Germans know that when the war is over
They are not the ones who'll have to pay.
We must be sweet
And when they've suffered defeat
We mustn't let
The feeling that we're cross with them or hate them,
Our future policy must be to reinstate them.
Refrain 1
Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
When our victory is ultimately won,
It was just those nasty Nazis who persuaded them to fight
And their Beethoven and Bach are really far worse than their bite
Let's be meek to them-
And turn the other cheek to them
And try to bring out their latent sense of fun.
Let's give them full air parity
And treat the rats with charity,
But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
Verse 2
And win their love and trust
And in addition we must
Be wise
And ask the conquered lands to join our hands to aid them.
That would be a wonderful surprise.
For many years-
They've been in floods of tears
Because the poor little dears
Have been so wronged and only longed
To cheat the world,
This is the moment when we ought to sing their praises.
Refrain 2
Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
When we've definately got them on the run
Let us treat them very kindly as we would a valued friend
We might send them out some Bishops as a form of lease and lend,
Let's be sweet to them
And day by day repeat to them
That 'sterilization' simply isn't done.
Let's help the dirty swine again
To occupy the Rhine again,
But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
Refrain 3
Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
When the age of peace and plenty has begun.
We must send them steel and oil and coal and everything they need
For their peaceable intentions can be always guaranteed.
Let's employ with them a sort of 'strength through joy' with them,
They're better than us at honest manly fun.
Let's let them feel they're swell again and bomb us all to hell again,
But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
Refrain 4
Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
For you can't deprive a gangster of his gun
Though they've been a little naughty to the Czechs and Poles and Dutch
But I don't suppose those countries really minded very much
Let's be free with them and share the B.B.C. with them.
We mustn't prevent them basking in the sun.
Let's soften their defeat again - and build their bloody fleet again,
But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
Question:
"The song ""Don't Let's Be Beastly To The Germans"" was banned by the BBC in 1942. Who was the artist?"
Answer:
Sir Noël Peirce Coward
Passage:
Triglav
Triglav (; , ), with an elevation of 2864 m, is the highest mountain in Slovenia and the highest peak of the Julian Alps. The mountain is the pre-eminent symbol of the Slovene Nation. It is the centrepiece of Triglav National Park, Slovenia's only national park.

Name

Various names have been used for the mountain through history. An old map from 1567 named it Ocra mons, whereas Johann Weikhard von Valvasor named it Krma in the second half of the 17th century.  According to the German mountaineer and professor Adolf Gstirner, the name Triglav first appeared in written sources as Terglau in 1452, but the original source has been lost.  The next known occurrence of Terglau is cited by Gstirner and is from a court description of the border in 1573.  Early forms of the name Triglav also include Terglau in 1612, Terglou in 1664 and Terklou around 1778–89. The name is derived from the compound *Tri-golvъ (literally 'three-head'—that is, 'three peaks'), which may be understood literally because the mountain has three peaks when viewed from much of Upper Carniola. It is unlikely that the name has any connection to the Slavic deity Triglav.  In the local dialect, the name is pronounced Tərgwò (with a second-syllable accent) in contrast to standard Slovene Tríglav. 

History

The first recorded ascent of Triglav was achieved in 1778, on the initiative of the industrialist and polymath Sigmund Zois.  According to the most commonly cited report, published in the newspaper Illyrisches Blatt in 1821 by the historian and geographer Johann Richter, these were the surgeon Lovrenz Willomitzer (written as Willonitzer by Richter), the chamois hunter Štefan Rožič, and the miners Luka Korošec and Matevž Kos. According to a report by Belsazar Hacquet in his Oryctographia Carniolica, this happened towards the end of 1778, by two chamois hunters, one of them being Luka Korošec, and one of his former students, whose name is not mentioned.

Triglav's height was first measured on 23 September 1808 by Valentin Stanič. The first to put the name of the mountain on a map, written as Mons Terglou, was Janez Dizma Florjančič, who in 1744 published the map Ducatus Carniolae Tabula Chorographica.  The first map its name appeared on written as Triglav was Zemljovid Slovenske dežele in pokrajin (Map of Slovene Lands and Provinces) by Peter Kosler, completed from 1848 until 1852 and published in Vienna in 1861. 

During World War II, Triglav symbolically captured the primary drive by the Slovene resistance to the Fascist and Nazi armies.  The Slovene Partisans wore the Triglav cap from 1942 until after 1944. 

Triglav was the highest peak of the now defunct Yugoslavia; it was both countries highest and most prominent peak and, together with the southern Vardar River (now in Republic of Macedonia), was the symbol of Yugoslavian "brotherhood and unity".

Landmarks

Aljaž Tower

At the top of the mountain stands a small metal structure, the Aljaž Tower (). It acts as a storm shelter and a triangulation point. Along with Triglav, it is also a landmark of Slovenia and a symbol of the Slovenes and Slovenian territorial sovereignty.

The tower's namesake was the priest, mountaineer and patriot Jakob Aljaž. In early 1895, he drew up, with a piece of chalk on the floor of his room in the parish of Dovje, plans for a cylindrical tower with a flag on its top.  In April that year he purchased the summit of Triglav for the sum of one Austro-Hungarian gulden. Having done so, he secured himself the right to erect a building on the mountain top.  The tower was constructed from iron and zinc coated sheet steel by Anton Belec from Šentvid near Ljubljana. He and four workers brought the parts of the tower to the summit of Triglav and put the tower together in only five hours on 7 August 1895. The opening took place that same day. Aljaž donated the shelter to the Slovene Mountaineering Society.

In the beginning, there were three four-legged chairs, a summit register, a spirit stove, and the image Triglav Panorama by Marko Pernhart in the tower.  It was later repainted and renovated several times by Alojz Knafelc and others. In the Communist era, as the highest point of the former Yugoslavia, it was painted red and decorated with a red star. However, it has now more or less been restored to its original appearance.  The star was removed shortly before the dissolution of Yugoslavia. On the proclamation of Slovene independence in June 1991, the flag of Slovenia was raised on top of the tower.

Stanič Shelter

in 1895, due to lack of space, Aljaž also commissioned the building of Stanič Shelter. It is located 55 m under the top of Triglav and is named after the poet and mountaineer Valentin Stanič. The shelter has the dimensions of  and has room for 8 people sitting or 16 standing. Originally it also had a wooden door, banks, a table and a chair. Its significance diminished after the Kredarica Hut was erected in 1896.

Triglav Glacier

The Triglav Glacier () is located below the summit on the karstified Triglav Plateaus (), part of the northeastern side of the mountain.  Covering over 40 ha at the end of the 19th century, the glacier had shrunk to 15 ha}} by 1946,  and after further shrinkage had fallen into two parts by 1992.  It now covers an area of only 1–3 hectares, depending on the season.
Question:
Which European country's flag displays an image of its highest peak Mount Triglav?
Answer:
Szlovenia
Passage:
Biographical film
A biographical film, or biopic (;  abbreviation for biographical motion picture), is a film that dramatizes the life of a non-fictional or historically-based person or people. Such films show the life of a historical person and the central character’s real name is used. They differ from films "based on a true story" or “historical drama films" in that they attempt to comprehensively tell a person’s life story or at least the most historically important years of their lives.

Because the figures portrayed are actual people, whose actions and characteristics are known to the public (or at least historically documented), biopic roles are considered some of the most demanding of actors and actresses. Ben Kingsley, Johnny Depp, Jim Carrey, and Jamie Foxx all gained new-found respect as dramatic actors after starring in biopics: Ben Kingsley as Mahatma Gandhi in Gandhi (1982), Depp as Ed Wood in Ed Wood (1994), Carrey as Andy Kaufman in Man on the Moon (1999), and Foxx as Ray Charles in Ray (2004).

In rare cases, sometimes called auto biopics, the subject of the film plays himself or herself: Jackie Robinson in The Jackie Robinson Story; Muhammad Ali in The Greatest; Audie Murphy in To Hell and Back; Patty Duke in Call Me Anna; Bob Mathias in The Bob Mathias Story, Arlo Guthrie in Alice's Restaurant; and Howard Stern in Private Parts.

Biopic scholars include George F. Custen of the College of Staten Island and Dennis P. Bingham of Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis. Custen, in Bio/Pics: How Hollywood Constructed Public History (1992), regards the genre as having died with the Hollywood studio era, and in particular, Darryl F. Zanuck.   On the other hand, Bingham's 2010 study Whose Lives Are They Anyway? The Biopic as Contemporary Film Genre  shows how it perpetuates as a codified genre using many of the same tropes used in the studio era that has followed a similar trajectory as that shown by Rick Altman in his study, Film/Genre.  Bingham also addresses the male biopic and the female biopic as distinct genres from each other, the former generally dealing with great accomplishments, the latter generally dealing with female victimization. Ellen Cheshire's Bio-Pics: a life in pictures (2014) examines UK/US films from the 1990s and 2000s. Each chapter reviews key films linked by profession and concludes with further viewing list.  Christopher Robé has also written on the gender norms that underlie the biopic in his article, "Taking Hollywood Back" in the 2009 issue of Cinema Journal.  Roger Ebert defended The Hurricane and distortions in biographical films in general, stating "those who seek the truth about a man from the film of his life might as well seek it from his loving grandmother. ... The Hurricane is not a documentary but a parable." 

Some biopics purposely stretch the truth. Confessions of a Dangerous Mind was based on game show host Chuck Barris' widely debunked yet popular memoir of the same name, in which he claimed to be a CIA agent. Kafka incorporated both the life of author Franz Kafka and the surreal aspects of his fiction. The Errol Flynn film They Died with Their Boots On tells the story of Custer but is highly romanticised. The Oliver Stone film about the band The Doors, mainly about Jim Morrison, was highly praised for the similarities between Jim Morrison and actor Val Kilmer, look-wise and singing-wise, but fans and band members did not like the way Oliver Stone portrayed Jim Morrison,  and a few of the scenes were even completely made up. 

Casting can be controversial for biographical films. Often, casting is a balance between similarity in looks, and ability to portray the characteristics of the person. Anthony Hopkins felt that he should not have played Richard Nixon in Nixon because of a lack of resemblance between the two. The casting of John Wayne as Genghis Khan in The Conqueror was objected to because of the American Wayne being cast as the Mongol warlord. Egyptian critics criticized the casting of Louis Gossett, Jr., an African American actor, as Egyptian president Anwar Sadat in the 1982 TV miniseries Sadat. Also, some objected to the casting of Jennifer Lopez in Selena because she is a New York City native of Puerto Rican descent while Selena was Mexican-American.
Question:
Which baseball legend is the subject of the 2013 biopic, “42”?
Answer:
Jack Roosevelt %22Jackie%22 Robinson
Passage:
Nadir Synonyms, Nadir Antonyms | Thesaurus.com
Nadir Synonyms, Nadir Antonyms | Thesaurus.com
 
Word Origin & History
nadir c.1391, in astronomical sense, from M.L. nadir, from Arabic nazir "opposite to," in nazir as-samt, lit. "opposite of the zenith," from nazir "opposite" + as-samt "zenith" (see zenith). Transf. sense of "lowest point (of anything)" is first recorded 1793.
Example Sentences for nadir
Paul gazed vacantly from the zenith to the nadir, and from west to east, when suddenly his eyes fell on the Abbot of Antinoe.
They were written at the time when the Imperial spirit was at its nadir.
Mohammed Shah was completely defeated the moment he encountered Nadir Shah.
The nadir is the lowest point in the heavens and the zenith is the highest.
The pole of the horizon, or that point in the heavens directly overhead, as nadir is that which is directly under our feet.
It is also on record that Nadir Shah took guns as far as Saighan.
And I fear me, even if the illustrious one were as rich as Nadir Shah of old renown, it would be vain to approach him now.
Nadir left the cavern, and reflected on the meaning of his words.
From the zenith of hope Captain Starlins had been suddenly plunged souse down to the nadir of despair.
One of the friends of Nadir hastened to him with these words.
Question:
What is the opposite of the word 'nadir'?
Answer:
Astronomy zenith
Passage:
Sunda Trench
The Sunda Trench, earlier known as, and sometimes still indicated as the Java Trench,  is located in the northeastern Indian Ocean, with a length of 3200 km.  The maximum depth of  7725 m (at 10°19'S, 109°58'E, about 320 km south of Yogyakarta), is the deepest point in the Indian Ocean. The trench stretches from the Lesser Sunda Islands past Java, around the southern coast of Sumatra on to the Andaman Islands, and forms the boundary between Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian plate (more specifically, Sunda Plate). The trench is considered to be part of the Pacific Ring of Fire as well as one of a ring of oceanic trenches around the northern edges of the Australian Plate.

There is scientific evidence that the 2004 earthquake activity in the area of the Java Trench could lead to further catastrophic shifting within a relatively short period of time, perhaps less than a decade.[http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn7157-asia-primed-for-next-big-quake.html Asia primed for next big quake - earth - 19 March 2005 - New Scientist Environment] This threat has resulted in international agreements to establish a tsunami warning system in place along the Indian Ocean coast.[http://ioc3.unesco.org/indotsunami/IOC23/ioc23.htm IOC: Towards a Tsunami Warning System in the Indian Ocean]

Characteristics 

For about half its length, off of Sumatra, it is divided into two parallel troughs by an underwater ridge, and much of the trench is at least partially filled with sediments.  Mappings after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake of the plate boundary showed resemblance to suspension bridge cables, with peaks and sags, indicative of asperity and locked faults, instead of the traditional wedge shape expected. 

Exploration 

Some of the earliest exploration of the Trench occurred in the late 1950s when Robert Fisher, Research Geologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, investigated the trench as part of a worldwide scientific field exploration of the world's ocean floor and sub-oceanic crustal-structure. Bomb-sounding, echo-train analysis and manometer were some of the techniques used to determine the depth of the trench. The research contributed to an understanding of the subduction characteristic of the Pacific margins.  Various agencies have explored the trench in the aftermath of the 2004 earthquake, and these explorations have revealed extensive changes in the ocean floor.[http://www.jamstec.go.jp/jamstec-e/sumatra/natsushima/topics/0502/ "The underwater survey of the SUMATRA earthquake source area"]

Associated seismicity 

The subduction of the Indo-Australian Plate beneath a bloc of the Eurasian Plate is associated with numerous earthquakes. Several of these earthquakes are notable for their size, associated tsunamis, and/or the number of fatalities they caused.

Sumatra segment 

* 1797 Sumatra earthquake: Magnitude ~8.4
* 1833 Sumatra earthquake: Magnitude 8.8–9.2
* 1861 Sumatra earthquake: Magnitude ~8.5
* 1935 Sumatra earthquake: Magnitude 7.7
* 2000 Sumatra earthquake: Magnitude 7.9
* 2002 Sumatra earthquake: A Magnitude 7.3 earthquake that occurred at the boundary between the rupture areas of the 2004 and 2005 earthquakes listed below.
* 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami: Mw 9.1–9.3
* 2005 Nias–Simeulue earthquake: Magnitude 8.6
* September 2007 Sumatra earthquakes: Series of earthquakes, the three largest were magnitude 8.5, 7.9 and 7.0.
* 2009 Sumatra earthquakes: Magnitude 7.9
* October 2010 Sumatra earthquake and tsunami: Magnitude 7.7

Java segment 

* 1917 Bali earthquake: Magnitude 6.6
* 1994 Java earthquake: Magnitude 7.8
* 2006 Pangandaran earthquake and tsunami: Magnitude 7.7
* 2009 West Java earthquake: Magnitude 7.0
Question:
The Java Trench is part of which ocean?
Answer:
India Ocean
Passage:
Republic of Upper Volta
The Republic of Upper Volta () was a landlocked west-African country established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community. Before attaining autonomy it had been French Upper Volta and  part of the French Union. On August 5, 1960, it attained full independence from France.

Overview

Thomas Sankara came to power through a military coup d'état on August 4, 1983. After the coup, he formed the National Council for the Revolution (CNR), with himself as president. Under the direction of Sankara, the country changed its name on August 4, 1984, from the Upper Volta to Burkina Faso, which means "Land of Incorruptible People".

The name Upper Volta indicated that the country contains the upper part of the Volta River. The river is divided into three parts—the Black Volta, White Volta, and Red Volta, which form the colors of the national flag corresponding to parts of the river.
Question:
Which country was called Upper Volta until 1984?
Answer:
Bourkina-Fasso
Passage:
The Monarch of the Glen (painting)
The Monarch of the Glen is an oil-on-canvas painting of a red deer stag completed in 1851 by the English painter Sir Edwin Landseer, which was commissioned as part of a series of three panels to hang in the Palace of Westminster in London.  It was one of the most popular paintings throughout the 19th century, and reproductions in steel engraving sold very widely, and the painting itself was finally bought by companies to use in advertising.  The painting had become something of a cliché by the mid-20th century, as "the ultimate biscuit tin image of Scotland: a bulky stag set against the violet hills and watery skies of an isolated wilderness", according to the Sunday Herald. 

The painting is reportedly set in Glen Affric. 

The stag has twelve points on his antlers, which in deer terminology makes him a "royal stag" but not a "monarch stag", for which sixteen points are needed. 

History

Landseer was a member of the Royal Academy, a favourite of Queen Victoria, and had become famous for his paintings and drawings of animals. His later works include the sculptures of the lions at the foot of Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square. From the 1840s, he produced a series of intricately observed studies of stags based on those he had seen on the trips he had been making to the Scottish Highlands since 1824. In 1850 Landseer received a national commission to paint three subjects connected with the chase for the Refreshment Rooms of the House of Lords, for which he produced Monarch of the Glen and two other paintings. Once they were completed the House of Commons refused to grant the £150 promised for the commission, and, as a result, the paintings were sold to private collectors.

It was exhibited in London in 1851, 1874 and 1890.   From the collection of William Denison, 1st Earl of Londesborough it passed in 1884 to Henry Eaton, 1st Baron Cheylesmore after whose death in 1891 it realized £7,245 at his sale at Christie's in May 1892, where it was bought by Agnew's, who resold it to T. Barratt for £8,000. In 1916 he resold it at Christie's for £5,250.   The price in 1892 was the highest made by a Landseer before the 1960s, with the exception of a rumoured price of £10,000 in a private sale of The Otter Hunt in 1873, which would have then represented the highest price ever paid for a British picture. 

The painting was purchased in 1916 by Pears soap company and featured in their advertising. It was sold on to John Dewar & Sons distillery and became their trademark before similarly being used by Glenfiddich. The original is now part of the Diageo collection and is currently on display in the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh.

Modern derivatives and corporate logos

The painting has been inspiration for certain company logos and founding principles. The logo of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc, a U.S. insurance services company, is taken directly from this painting, as is that of Exmoor Ales.

Nestlé Waters North America's Deer Park Spring Water uses a variant reverse image of the logo.

Company legend has it the first President of Challenge Cream and Butter Association, J.P. Murphy, now Challenge Dairy of California, chose the name from a variation of the mural, depicted on the company's current logo. 

In 2012 Peter Saville collaborated with Dovecot Studios Edinburgh in celebration of their centenary to create a large scale tapestry of his work After, After, After Monarch of the Glen. This new tapestry commission is Dovecot Studios re appropriation of Peter Saville's appropriation of Sir Peter Blake's appropriation of Sir Edwin Landseer's 1851 painting Monarch of the Glen. Dovecot Studios has woven this new tapestry of Peter Saville's design, thereby joining the artists who have reinterpreted this British masterpiece.

Glenfiddich single malt Scotch whiskey has used a variation of Landseer's stag image in their logo since 1968. 

The painting has also been used on the label of tins of Baxter's Royal Game soup in the UK. 

Popular culture

The Monarch of the Glen was prominently featured in an episode of The Goodies. "The Goodies" come into possession of the painting, along with a massive debt. American "art collectors" offer to buy the painting for enough to cover the debt, but Bill refuses to sell it as it's his favorite painting. Ironically, despite his great love of it, Bill mistakenly believes the painting to be of a cow with twigs stuck to its head.

The BBC television series Monarch of the Glen (2000-2005) takes its title from the painting.
Question:
Who painted The Monarch of the Glen?
Answer:
Sir Edwin Henry Landseer
Passage:
Lieutenant Green
Lieutenant Green is a fictional character in the 1960s British Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons and its 2000s computer-animated remake, Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet.

In both series, Green serves as the personal assistant to Spectrum commander-in-chief Colonel White, and is shown to be an expert in computer programming and electronics. In the former, he is a native of Trinidad and Tobago,  and as well as being the only non-white male officer on Cloudbase, he is the only lieutenant among its personnel. In the latter, the character is re-imagined as an African-American woman. The original Green is the only black male character to be given a substantial role in a Gerry Anderson series. 

Appearances

Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons

In the original TV series, Green (born Seymour Griffiths) spends most of his time in the Cloudbase control room. He assists Colonel White in the execution of Spectrum assignments by accessing data and radio links from a large supercomputer, which he operates from a moveable chair. At White's command, Green can activate the control room's display screen or speak on the base's public address system. Green rarely leaves Cloudbase, although he occasionally mentions how he would relish an opportunity to meet primary Mysteron agent Captain Black "face-to-face". Other Cloudbase personnel assist White whenever the Lieutenant is absent.

The character's voice was provided by Guyanese actor and singer Cy Grant, on whom the puppet's appearance was based.  He was known to the series creators, Gerry and Sylvia Anderson, for his regular calypso musical contributions to the current affairs programme Tonight.

Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet

In the remake series, Green (born Serena Lewis) is re-imagined as a 27-year-old, female, African-American officer, originally from Texas. She remains confined to Skybase (the new series' Cloudbase), but her desk is smaller and her computer uses holographic technology. She is knowledgeable about all aspects of Spectrum, and used to work for the United Nations. Green is attracted to Captain Blue. At the end of the episode 'Proteus', she is offered a promotion to the rank of captain but elects to remain a lieutenant.

Reception

During a UK repeat run in 1993, Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons became the subject of discussion regarding black-and-white dualism for its use of the codenames "White" (to designate the benevolent commander-in-chief of Spectrum, Colonel White), and "Black" (to designate the villainous Captain Black).   Series creator Gerry Anderson responded to accusations of political incorrectness and racial stereotyping by pointing out that Lieutenant Green – and the other non-white regulars, Melody and Harmony Angels – are heroic characters of African and Asian backgrounds.

Green's original voice actor, Cy Grant, considered Captain Scarlet to be of positive multicultural value and commented on its possible allegorical nature.  With regard to dualism, he suggested that "the 'darkness' of the Mysterons is most easily seen as the psychological rift—the struggle of 'good' and 'evil' — of the Western world as personified by Colonel White and his team. Dark and light are but aspects of each other. Incidentally, green is the colour of nature that can heal that rift." He also discussed the notion of Green being an African trickster hero. 

The progressiveness of Green's characterisation has been well received. Mike Fillis of Cult Times praises the Andersons' decision to make a black character the "second-in-command" onboard Cloudbase.  Kurt Barling, author of Grant's obituary for The Independent, writes that Green was "one of the first positive black fictional characters in children's television".  He praises the character's vocal delivery, arguing that Grant's "mellifluous tones" provided Green with a "serene and heroic quality". Green is described in The Daily Telegraph as a "black defender of planet Earth".
Question:
In which TV series might Lieutenant Green say Spectrum is green?
Answer:
Captain Scarlet (disambiguation)
Passage:
Multi-tool
A multi-tool (or multitool) is any one of a range of portable, versatile hand tools that combines several individual functions in a single unit. The smallest are credit-card or key sized units designed for carrying in a wallet or on a keyring, but others are designed to be carried in a trouser pocket or belt-mounted pouch.

Historical 

The idea of incorporating several tools in one small portable unit is very old, dating back at least as far as Middle Roman times.  Many of these were based around eating.

Pocket knives 

Among the earliest contemporary examples is the Swiss Army knife as supplied by makers Victorinox and Wenger. The actual version supplied to the Swiss army includes a knife blade, a reamer, a bottle-opener–screwdriver–wire stripper, and a can-opener–screwdriver. Besides Victorinox and Wenger, many other manufacturers now make similar knives.

Other versions may include items like a nail file, tweezers, folding scissors, a tooth pick, a magnifying glass, screwdriver bits  and others. There are also versions that have special tools for specific sports or outdoor activities like golf, horseback riding, hunting or fishing.  Versions intended for cyclists may have a selection of allen (hex) keys, a selection of wrenches, screwdrivers, a spoke key, and a chain-breaker.

Models like the Wenger SwissGrip, Wenger Pocketgrip, Al Mar 4x4, SOG ToolClip, Snap-on and CRKT Zilla-Tool are similar in style.

Folding multi-tools 

In 1983 Tim Leatherman sold his first "Pocket Survival Tool",  larger and more robust than a pocket-knife based tool, and incorporating a set of needle-nosed pliers in a balisong-style mechanism. Too large for most pockets, it came with a belt pouch. Today, Leatherman Tool Group manufactures and markets a variety of multi-tool models.

"Leatherman" is now often treated as a genericized trademark for the similar multi-tools now available from makers such as Coleman, Gerber, Kershaw Knives, Schrade, SOG Knife, Victorinox, Craftsman - along with many unbranded types produced in low-cost production regions, and smaller mini and micro units are often small enough for pockets or even key rings.

Other multi-tools 

In recent years, a number of urban and outdoor multi-tools have sprouted offering non-traditional tools one would not expect to find in a single unit. 

Substituting a toolbox, these multi-tools functions include a hammer,  spirit level, camera tripod,  LED light, lighter,  tape measure and an assortment of screwdriver bits.
Question:
Which multi purpose tool was first produced in 1891 by Karl Elsener, founder of the company Victorinox?
Answer:
Swiss-army knife
Passage:
Spanish Days of the Week
Grammar
Grammar
Google Ads block to desktop version (300×600)
Days of the Week
The written lesson is below.
Links to quizzes, tests, etc. are to the left.
In Spanish-speaking countries, the week begins on Monday.
lunes
Notice that the days of the week are not capitalized.
lunes
The days of the week are all masculine.
el lunes
el sábado
el domingo
When used with the days of the week, the definite article has the special meaning “on.”
No trabajo el lunes.
I don’t work on Monday.
No trabajo los martes.
I don’t work on Tuesdays.
Hay una fiesta el miércoles.
There is a party on Wednesday.
Hay muchas fiestas los viernes.
There are many parties on Fridays.
Days of the week ending in -s do not change form in the plural. Only the article changes.
el lunes
el domingo
los domingos
Use the verb ser to express the day. You will soon learn more about this verb. For now, simply realize that the word “es” is a conjugation of that verb, and is the correct verb in this use.
¿Qué día es hoy?
Mañana es martes.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
Notice that the following actions do not occur in the present, but rather in the near future.
Salimos el lunes.
Mañana es domingo.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
In Spanish, the present tense of the indicative is sometimes used to express the near future. English does this too.
Salimos el lunes.
Question:
Lunes is Spanish for which day of the week?
Answer:
Lunedi
Passage:
Memory (song)
"Memory", often incorrectly called "Memories", is a show tune from the 1981 musical Cats.  It is sung by the character Grizabella, a one-time glamour cat who is now only a shell of her former self. The song is a nostalgic remembrance of her glorious past and a declaration of her wish to start a new life. Sung briefly in the first act and in full near the end of the show, "Memory" is the climax of the musical, and by far its most popular and well-known song. Its writers Andrew Lloyd Webber and Trevor Nunn received the 1981 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. 

Conception and composition

The lyric, written by Cats director Trevor Nunn, was based on T. S. Eliot's poems "Preludes" and "Rhapsody on a Windy Night". Andrew Lloyd Webber's former writing partner Tim Rice and contemporary collaborator Don Black submitted a lyric to the show's producers for consideration, although Nunn's version was favoured. Elaine Paige has said that she sang a different lyric to the tune of "Memory" for the first ten previews of Cats.

Composer Lloyd Webber feared that the tune sounded too similar to Ravel's Bolero and to a work by Puccini, and also that the opening – the haunting main theme – closely resembled the flute solo (improvised by Bud Shank in the studio) from The Mamas & the Papas' 1965 song "California Dreamin'". He asked his father's opinion; according to Lloyd Webber, his father responded "It sounds like a million dollars!" 

Prior to its inclusion in Cats, the tune was earmarked for earlier Lloyd Webber projects, including a ballad for Perón in Evita and as a song for Max in his original 1970s draft of Sunset Boulevard.

In its original orchestration, the song's climax is in the key of D-flat major, the composer's favourite.

While Lloyd Webber mentions Ravel's Bolero, there is no mention of  similarity to "Bolero in Blue" written by Larry Clinton.  In this case Lloyd Webber's composition appears to replicate note for note the first several measures from Clinton's composition.

Larry Clinton wrote "Bolero in Blue" in the 1930s and performed it on his mid-fifties album "Larry Clinton in hi fi".

The arrangement of the lyrics in the show were changed after the initial recordings of the track, with the first verse, beginning "Midnight, not a sound from the pavement..." being used in only the brief, Act I rendition of the song and a new verse, "Memory, turn your face to the moonlight..." in its place for the Act II performance. In addition, the original second bridge section became the first and a new second bridge was added. Consequently, the arrangement of the lyric for a recording usually depends on whether the artist has played the role on stage.

Cover versions

"Memory" has been covered by numerous musical acts. Among the more notable are the following:

* Elaine Paige, who originated the role of Grizabella in the West End production of Cats, released a version of the song that was a Top 10 hit in the UK, peaking at #6 on the UK Singles Chart in July 1981. She re-recorded the song in 1998 with a slight lyrical alteration, which was included in the video release of the musical. This version reached #36 in the UK Singles Chart in October of that year. Paige also recorded a version for her 1983 album Stages.
* Barbra Streisand recorded "Memory" for her 1981 album Memories. When released as a single, Streisand's cover reached No. 52 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 9 on the Billboard adult contemporary chart in 1982. In the UK this version peaked at No. 34 the same year.
* Barry Manilow released a cover of "Memory" as a single in late 1982; this became the highest-charting version to date on the Billboard Hot 100 when it reached No. 39 in January 1983.  Manilow's recording also made the Top 10 on the Billboard adult contemporary chart, reaching No. 8.  This version is included on his album Here Comes the Night.
* Ayahi Takagaki on her single Next Destination (2013)
* Mireille Mathieu recorded the song in French titled "Nos Souvenirs" (Our Memories)
* Celine Dion  
* Petula Clark 
* José Carreras also together with the The Three Tenors  
* Mark Vincent

Parody

A parody of this song was created in response to when O. J. Simpson was accused of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and Ronald Goldman, as follows:  "Midnight, on my way to Chicago, chasing me in my Bronco on the streets of L. A...."
Question:
What is the first word of the song Memory from the musical Cats?
Answer:
The midnight hour
Passage:
Jem Marsh
Jeremy George Weston "Jem" Marsh (15 April 1930 – 2 March 2015) was a British engineer, motor manufacturer and race driver, born in Clifton, Bristol, England. He entered the motor industry through his company Speedex Castings and Accessories Ltd., based in Luton, that manufactured and sold tuning parts for Austin Sevens, based on Marsh's successful Speedex750 racing special. Marsh is perhaps best known as a co-founder of the sports-car manufacturer Marcos, the name being derived from a contraction of his and fellow founder Frank Costin's surnames. Founded in 1959, the company was continued by Jem's son Chris Marsh, until it was taken over by Canadian Tony Stellinga, and continued to produce automobiles until 2008 when it ceased production.
Question:
Which British sports carcompany was founded by Jem Marsh and Frank Costin?
Answer:
Marine Commando Force
Passage:
FERTILIZERS HISTORY - ML2R consultancy
FERTILIZERS HISTORY
FERTILIZERS HISTORY
 
 
Neolithic man probably used fertilizers, but the first fertilizer produced by chemical processes was ordinary superphosphate, made early in the 19th century by treating bones with sulfuricacid. Coprolites and phosphate rock soon replaced bones as theP source. The K fertilizer industry started in Germany in 1861.In North America the K industry started during World War I andexpanded with development of the New Mexico deposits in 1931 and the Saskatchewan deposits in 1958. Modern K fertilizers are more the product of physical than of chemical processes.The first synthetic N fertilizer was calcium nitrate, made in 1903 from nitric acid produced by the electric arc process. The availability of synthetic ammonia after 1913 led to manynew N fertilizers, but physical quality was poor. In 1933 TVA was formed with a national responsibility to increase the efficiencyof fertilizer manufacture and use. More than 75% of the fertilizerproduced in the United States is made with processes developed by TVA (Tenesee Valley Authority). 
Major fertilizers and fertilizer intermediates introduced by TVA include ammonium nitrate, high-analysis phosphates, diammonium phosphate, nitric phosphates, ammonium polyphosphate, urea ammonium phosphates, 11-16-0 and other liquid base solutions, superphosphoric acid, wet-process superphosphoric acid, suspensions, granular urea, and S-coated urea. These have had major impact upon the production of mixed fertilizers, bulk blending, and the fluid fertilizer industry. Future fertilizers not only must be technologically feasible, economical, and agronomically suitable—as have been past fertilizers—but also must meet various air and water pollution standards during production and have reduced total energy requirements.                                                                            
In  the 1730s, Viscount Charles Townshend (1674–1738) first studied the  improving effects of the four crop rotation system that he had observed  in use in Flanders. For this he gained the nickname of Turnip Townshend.
Chemist  Justus von Liebig (1803–1883) contributed greatly to the advancement in  the understanding of plant nutrition. His influential works first  denounced the vitalist theory of humus, arguing first the importance of ammonia,
and later promoting the importance of inorganic minerals to plant  nutrition. Primarily Liebig's work succeeded in exposition of questions  for agricultural science to address over the next 50 years.
In  England, he attempted to implement his theories commercially through a  fertilizer created by treating phosphate of lime in bone meal with  sulfuric acid though it was much less expensive than the guano that was  used at the time, it failed because it was not able to be properly  absorbed by crops].
At  that time in England, Sir John Bennet Lawes (1814–1900) was  experimenting with crops and manures at his farm at Harpenden and was  able to produce a practical superphosphate in 1842 from the phosphates  in rock and coprolites. Encouraged, he employed Sir Joseph  Henry Gilbert, who had studied under Liebig at the University of  Giessen, as director of research. T
o this day, the Rothamsted research  station the pair founded still investigates the impact of inorganic and  organic fertilizers on crop yields.
In  France, Jean Baptiste Boussingault (1802–1887) pointed out that the  amount of nitrogen in various kinds of fertilizers is important.
Metallurgists  Percy Gilchrist (1851–1935) and Sidney Gilchrist Thomas (1850–1885)  invented the Thomas-Gilchrist converter, which enabled the use of high  phosphorus acidic Continental ores for steelmaking. The dolomite lime  lining of the converter turned in time into calcium phosphate, which  could be used as fertilizer, known as Thomas-phosphate.
In  the early decades of the 20th Century, the Nobel prize-winning chemists  Carl Bosch of IG Farben and Fritz Haber
developed the process that  enabled nitrogen to be synthesised cheaply into ammonia, for subsequent  oxidation into nitrates and nitrites. 
In  1927 Erling Johnson developed an industrial method forproducing  nitrophosphate, also known as
the Odda process after his Odda Smelteverk  of Norway. The process involved acidifying phosphate rock with nitric acid to produce phosphoricacid and calcium nitrate which, once neutralized, could be used as a nitrogen fertilizer.
The Englishmen James Fison, Edward Packard, Thomas Hadfield and the Prentice brothers each founded companies in the early 19th century to create fertilizers from bone meal.
The  developing sciences of chemistry and Paleontology, combined with the  discovery of coprolites in commercial quantities in East Anglia, led  Fisons and Packard to develop sulfuric acid and fertilizer plants at  Bramford, and Snape, Suffolk in the 1850s to create superphosphates,  which were shipped around the world from the port at Ipswich. By 1871  there were about 80 factories making superphosphate.
After  World War I these businesses came under competitive pressure from  naturally-produced guano, primarily found on the Pacific islands, as  their extraction and distribution had become economically attractive.
The  interwar period saw innovative competition from Imperial Chemical  Industries who developed synthetic ammonium sulfate in 1923, Nitro-chalk  in 1927, and a more concentrated and economical fertilizer called CCF  based on ammonium phosphate in 1931. Competition was limited as ICI  ensured it controlled most of the world's ammonium sulfate supplies
Question:
What bird product was an important fertilizer in the 19th century?
Answer:
Bat poo
Passage:
Bufonophobia– Fear of toads | Phobia Source
Bufonophobia– Fear of toads  | Phobia Source
Home » Phobia List
Bufonophobia– Fear of toads
Toads are amphibians that are slimy, slithery and some can be even dangerous.  These creatures are different from frogs but most people can’t tell the difference between them.  Toads may have dry skin that feel leathery but most people with fear of toads also have fear of frogs because of their similarity.
Causes of this fear include the knowledge that some toads can be poisonous.  Cane Toads for instance emit a poison that has killed a lot of people and animals.  Thus some people might generalize that all toads are poisonous.  The horny toad is also one reason for this phobia.  Although this is actually a lizard, the horny toad looks frightening and some people get scared at even the mere thought or sight of it.
Another probable reason for bufunophobia is the association of toads with witchcraft and sorcery.  Toads are usually used in potions, and people who have offended the witches have been said to be turned into toads thus this fear develops.
Patients with this fear might tremble when they see toads, or even frogs. They may exhibit other symptoms of anxiety and will run away from it.
Treatment includes psychotherapy.  Medical treatment with anti-psychotics or antidepressants are not necessary.
Question:
Bufonophobia is the fear of which creatures?
Answer:
Toad
Passage:
Clio
In Greek mythology, Clio ( or, more rarely,; from , Kleiṓ; "made famous" or "to make famous"), also spelled Kleio, is the muse of history, or in a few mythological accounts, the muse of lyre playing. Like all the muses, she is a daughter of Zeus and the Titaness Mnemosyne. Along with her sisters, she was considered to dwell either Mount Helicon or Mount Parnassos.  Other common locations for the Muses were Pieria in Thessaly, near to Mount Olympus. She had one son, Hyacinth, with one of several kings, in various myths—with Pierus, King of Macedon, or with king Oebalus of Sparta, or with king Amyclas,  progenitor of the people of Amyclae, dwellers about Sparta.  Some sources say she was also the mother of Hymenaios. Other accounts credit her as the mother of Linus, a poet that was buried at Argos, but Linus has a number of differing parents depending upon the account, including several accounts where he is the son of Clio's sisters Urania or Calliope.

All of the Muses were considered to be the best practitioners of their fields, and any mortal challenging them in their sphere was destined to be defeated. They were often associated with Apollo. The most common number of the Muses is 9, but the number is not always consistent in earlier mythologies. Hesiod is usually considered to have set their number, names, and spheres of interest in his poem Theogony.

Clio, sometimes referred to as "the Proclaimer", is often represented with an open scroll of parchment scroll or a set of tablets. The name is etymologically derived from the Greek root κλέω/κλείω (meaning "to recount," "to make famous,"  or "to celebrate"). 

In her capacity as "the proclaimer, glorifier and celebrator of history, great deeds and accomplishments,"Carder, Sheri: [http://books.google.com/books?id
U3rJxPYT32MC&pgPA180&lpg
PA180&dq1993+Clio+award&source
bl&otsoofl86zCJ_&sig
Rd-DUO1ZsVcuIJ7qeDxrUp6oUe8&hlen&ei
fbrFTNaNLYW8lQeAwYzkDQ&saX&oi
book_result&ctresult&resnum
3&ved0CBoQ6AEwAg#v
onepage&q1993%20Clio%20award&f
false "Clio Awards"] The Guide to United States popular culture, pages 180-181, ISBN 978-0-87972-821-2 Clio is the namesake of various modern brands, including the Clio Awards for excellence in advertising. The Cleo of Alpha Chi society at Trinity College is named after the muse. 'Clio' also represents history in some coined words in academic usage: cliometrics, cliodynamics.
Question:
Clio, typically holding a scroll, is the ancient Greek muse of?
Answer:
Historical change
Passage:
Whitsun
Whitsun (also Whitsunday, Whit Sunday or Whit) is the name used in Britain and Ireland,  and among Anglicans throughout the world, for the Christian festival of Pentecost, the seventh Sunday after Easter, which commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon Christ's disciples (Acts of the Apostles chapter 2). In England it took on some characteristics of Beltane, which originated from the pagan celebration of Summer's Day, the beginning of the summer half-year, in Europe.  Whitsuntide, the week following Whitsunday, was one of three vacation weeks for the medieval villein;  on most manors he was free from service on the lord's demesne this week, which marked a pause in the agricultural year.  Whit Monday, the day after Whitsun, remained a holiday in the UK until 1978 when the movable holiday was replaced with the fixed Spring Bank Holiday in late May. Whit was the occasion for varied forms of celebration. In the North West of England, church and chapel parades called Whit Walks still take place at this time (sometimes on Whit Friday, the Friday after Whitsun).  Typically, the parades include brass bands and choirs; girls attending are dressed in white. Traditionally, Whit fairs (sometimes called Whitsun ales ) took place. Other customs such as Morris dancing were associated with Whitsun, although in most cases they have been transferred to the Spring bank holiday. Whaddon, Cambridgeshire has its own Whitsun tradition of singing a unique song around the village before and on Whit Sunday itself. 

Etymology

The name is a contraction of "White Sunday", attested in "The Holy-Ghost, which thou did send on Whit-Sunday" in the Old English homilies, and parallel to the mention of hwitmonedei in the early 13th-century Ancrene Riwle.  Walter William Skeat noted that the Anglo-Saxon word also appears in Icelandic hvitasunnu-dagr, but that in English the feast was always called Pentecoste until after the Norman Conquest, when white (hwitte) began to be confused with wit or understanding.  According to one interpretation, the name derives from the white garments worn by catechumens, those expecting to be baptised on that Sunday. Moreover, in England white vestments, rather than the more usual red, were traditional for the day and its octave. A different tradition is that of the young women of the parish all coming to church or chapel in new white dresses on that day. However, Augustinian canon John Mirk (c. 1382–1414), of Lilleshall Abbey, Shropshire, had another interpretation:

Goode men and woymen, as ʒe knowen wele all, þys day ys called Whitsonday, for bycause þat þe Holy Gost as þys day broʒt wyt and wysdome ynto all Cristes dyscyples. 

Thus, he thought the root of the word was "wit" (formerly spelt "wyt" or "wytte") and Pentecost was so-called to signify the outpouring of the wisdom of the Holy Ghost on Christ's disciples. 

The following day is Whit Monday, a name coined to supersede the form Monday in Whitsun-week used by John Wycliffe and others. The week following Whit Sunday is known as "Whitsuntide" or "Whit week". 

History

As the first holiday of the summer, Whitsun was one of the favourite times in the traditional calendar and Whit Sunday, or the following week, was a time for celebration. This took the form of fêtes, fairs, pageants and parades with Whitsun ales and Morris dancing in the south of England and Whit walks and wakes in the north.   A poster advertising the Whitsun festivities at Sunbury, Middlesex in 1778 listed the following attractions:

On Whit Monday, in the morning, will be a punting match...The first boat that comes in to receive a guinea...In the afternoon a gold-laced hat, worth 30s. to be cudgell'd for...On Whit Tuesday, in the morning, a fine Holland smock and ribbons, to be run for by girls and young women. And in the afternoon six pairs of buckskin gloves to be wrestled for.

In Manchester during the 17th century the Kersal Moor Whit races were the great event of the year when large numbers of people turned the area into a giant fairground for several days.  With the coming of industrialisation it became convenient to close down whole towns for a week in order to clean and maintain the machinery in the mills and factories. The week of closure, or wakes week, was often held at Whitsuntide. A report in John Harlan and T.T. Wilkinson's Lancashire Folk lore (1882) reads:

It is customary for the cotton mills etc., to close for Whitsuntide week to give the hands a holiday; the men going to the races etc. and the women visiting Manchester on Whit-Saturday, thronging the markets, the Royal Exchange and the Infirmary Esplanade, and other public places: And gazing in at the shop windows, whence this day is usually called 'Gaping Sunday'.

Whit Monday was officially recognised as a bank holiday in the UK in 1871 but lost this status in 1978 when the fixed Spring Bank Holiday was created.

In literature

* The Whitsun Weddings is a poem and the title of a collection by Philip Larkin;
*"Whitsun" is a poem by Sylvia Plath.
* "Whitsunday in Kirchstetten" is a poem by W. H. Auden from his collection About the House.
Mentioned in Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow, section 2, 20.
* Le Morte D'Arthur by Thomas Malory has the Knights of the Round Table witness a divine vision of the Holy Grail on a Whitsunday, prompting their quest to find its true location.
* In Shakespeare's Winter's Tale, Act 4, Scene 4, Perdita imagines that she plays "as I have seen them do in Whitsun pastorals".
* Several chapters of Jeff Wheeler's Muirwood Trilogy revolve around Whitsunday and its significance and impact on Muirwood's inhabitants.
* Agatha Christie's short story "Ingots of Gold" references Whitsuntide and Whit Monday as clues in solving the crime
.

In film

* The Second World War propaganda film Went the Day Well? depicts the takeover of an English village by Nazi soldiers over Whitsun weekend.
Question:
What is another name for Whit Sunday
Answer:
Pentecost Sunday
