Passage:
Viscount Rothermere
Viscount Rothermere, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1919 for the press lord Harold Harmsworth, 1st Baron Harmsworth.  He had already been created a baronet, of Horsey in the County of Norfolk, on 14 July 1910,  and Baron Rothermere, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, in 1914.  Every holder of the titles has served as chairman of Daily Mail and General Trust plc. As of 2009 the titles are held by the first Viscount's great-grandson, the fourth Viscount, who succeeded his father in 1998.  

The first Viscount Rothermere was the younger brother of Alfred Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Northcliffe and the elder brother of Cecil Harmsworth, 1st Baron Harmsworth, Sir Leicester Harmsworth, 1st Baronet, and Sir Hildebrand Harmsworth, 1st Baronet. 

Viscounts Rothermere (1919)

*Harold Sydney Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere (1868–1940)
**Hon. Harold Alfred Vyvyan St George Harmsworth (1894–1918) 
*Esmond Cecil Harmsworth, 2nd Viscount Rothermere (1898–1978)
*Vere Harold Esmond Harmsworth, 3rd Viscount Rothermere (1925–1998)
*Harold Jonathan Esmond Vere Harmsworth, 4th Viscount Rothermere (born 1967)

The heir apparent is the present holder's son the Hon. Richard Jonathan Harold Vere Harmsworth (born 1994)
Question:
What was the family name of the first Viscount Rothermere and his brother the first Viscount Northcliffe, founders of the Daily Mail and the Daily Mirror?
Answer:
Harmsworth (disambiguation)
Passage:
William Lyman (inventor)
William Worcester Lyman (March 29, 1821 – November 15, 1891) was an American inventor from Meriden, Connecticut. He is credited with inventing the first rotating wheel can opener.  

William Lyman was born in 1821 in Middlefield, Connecticut. At the age of 15 he was apprenticed to the local company Griswold & Couch, located in Meriden, Connecticut, to learn pewtersmithery, and worked there until 1844. After that, he continued working as a pewtersmith with various local companies until 1880. In 1849, he was appointed as State Representative in Meriden. On September 5, 1841 William married Roxanne Griswold Frary, a local woman one year older than he was. He died in Meriden in 1891 at the age of 70.

Lyman was a dedicated inventor, and was awarded several US patents. The most famous is his rotating wheel can opener, invented in 1870. Whereas previous can openers were basically variations of a knife, Lyman's design was the first attempt to facilitate the procedure (see picture). The can was to be pierced in its center with the sharp metal rod of the opener. Then the length of the lever had to be adjusted to fit the can size, and the lever fixed with the wingnut. The top of the can was cut by pressing the cutting wheel into the can near the edge and rotating it along the can's rim.  The need to pierce the can first was a nuisance, and this can opener design has not survived. In 1925, a modern-style opener, equipped with an additional serrated wheel, was invented to substitute for Lyman's design.

His other patents were dedicated to improvements to various household food utensils such as a refrigerating pitcher (1858),  fruit can lids (1862),  tea and coffee pots,  and a butter-dish.  As an example illustrating the nature of those improvements, Lyman's fruit can lid relied on the physical principle that hot food placed in a jar and then allowed to cool would suck down the lid, provided with an elastic rim inside, thereby sealing the can.
Question:
What kitchen tool was invented my William Lyman in 1870
Answer:
Can-opener
Passage:
Whigfield
Sannie Charlotte Carlson (born 11 April 1970), better known as Whigfield  and also as Naan,  is a Danish born, Italian-based Eurodance singer best known for the song "Saturday Night", which was a hit in 1994. She worked with Italian producer Larry Pignagnoli. ""Saturday Night" entered the Top 5 in Italy as well as in other European markets in October 1994.  Her single "Another Day" also managed to peak at No.3 in Italy where she was then based.  "The single "Another Day" & "Think of You" also did well in a number of other markets where it entered the Top-10 including UK, Switzerland, Norway and her native Denmark.   
Early life

Carlson was born in Skælskør, Denmark. She spent several years in Africa as a child before returning to her native country. Before singing Carlson worked as model and studied music. Carlson played in a jazz duo before she met the producer  Larry Pignagnoli and took on the name "Whigfield" as a tribute to her piano teacher. 

Discography

Studio albums

Compilation albums

Singles

Promotional singles
Question:
In 1994, Sannie Carlson became the first ever non-British singer to make a chart debut at number one - under what one word name?
Answer:
Whigfield
Passage:
Molecular weight of C6H12O6 - Convert
Molecular weight of C6H12O6
Molecular weight of C6H12O6
Molar mass of C6H12O6 = 180.15588 g/mol
This compound is also known as Glucose or Fructose or Galactose .
12.0107*6 + 1.00794*12 + 15.9994*6
›› Percent composition by element
›› Calculate the molecular weight of a chemical compound
Enter a chemical formula:
I'm feeling lucky, show me a random compound .
You can also browse the list of common chemical compounds .
›› More information on molar mass and molecular weight
In chemistry, the formula weight is a quantity computed by multiplying the atomic weight (in atomic mass units) of each element in a chemical formula by the number of atoms of that element present in the formula, then adding all of these products together.
The atomic weights used on this site come from NIST, the National Institute of Standards and Technology.  We use the most common isotopes.  This is how to calculate molar mass (average molecular weight), which is based on isotropically weighted averages.  This is not the same as molecular mass, which is the mass of a single molecule of well-defined isotopes.  For bulk stoichiometric calculations, we are usually determining molar mass, which may also be called standard atomic weight or average atomic mass.
If the formula used in calculating molar mass is the molecular formula, the formula weight computed is the molecular weight.  The percentage by weight of any atom or group of atoms in a compound can be computed by dividing the total weight of the atom (or group of atoms) in the formula by the formula weight and multiplying by 100.
Formula weights are especially useful in determining the relative weights of reagents and products in a chemical reaction.  These relative weights computed from the chemical equation are sometimes called equation weights.
Finding molar mass starts with units of grams per mole (g/mol).  When calculating molecular weight of a chemical compound, it tells us how many grams are in one mole of that substance.  The formula weight is simply the weight in atomic mass units of all the atoms in a given formula.
Using the chemical formula of the compound and the periodic table of elements, we can add up the atomic weights and calculate molecular weight of the substance.
A common request on this site is to convert grams to moles .  To complete this calculation, you have to know what substance you are trying to convert.  The reason is that the molar mass of the substance affects the conversion.  This site explains how to find molar mass.
This page was loaded in 0.003 seconds.
Question:
What is the chemical compound C6H12O6 better known as?
Answer:
2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxyhexanal
Passage:
Silver iodide
Silver iodide is an inorganic compound with the formula AgI.  The compound is a bright yellow solid, but samples almost always contain impurities of metallic silver that give a gray coloration.  The silver contamination arises because AgI is highly photosensitive.  This property is exploited in silver-based photography.  Silver iodide is also used as an antiseptic and in cloud seeding.

Structure

The structure adopted by silver iodide is temperature dependent: 
*Below 420 K, the β-phase of AgI, with the wurtzite structure, is most stable. This phase is encountered in nature as the mineral iodargyrite.  
*Above 420 K, the α-phase becomes more stable. This motif is a face-centered cubic structure which has the silver centers distributed randomly between 2-, 3-, and 4-coordinate sites.  At this temperature, Ag+ ions can move rapidly through the solid, allowing fast ion conduction. The transition between the β and α forms represents the melting of the silver (cation) sublattice. The entropy of fusion for α-AgI is approximately half that for sodium chloride (a typical ionic solid). This can be rationalized by considering the AgI crystalline lattice to have already "partly melted" in the transition between α and β polymorphs.
*A metastable γ-phase also exists below 420 K with the zinc blende structure.
The golden-yellow crystals on this mineral sample are iodargyrite, a naturally occurring form of β-AgI.

Preparation and properties

Silver iodide is prepared by reaction of an iodide solution (e.g., potassium iodide) with a solution of silver ions (e.g., silver nitrate). A yellowish solid quickly precipitates. The solid is a mixture of the two principal phases. Dissolution of the AgI in hydroiodic acid, followed by dilution with water precipitates β-AgI. Alternatively, dissolution of AgI in a solution of concentrated silver nitrate followed by dilution affords α-AgI.  If the preparation is not conducted in the absence of sunlight, the solid darkens rapidly, the light causing the reduction of ionic silver to metallic. The photosensitivity varies with sample purity.

Cloud seeding

The crystalline structure of β-AgI is similar to that of ice, allowing it to induce freezing  by the process known as heterogeneous nucleation. Approximately 50,000 kg are used for cloud seeding annually,  each seeding experiment consuming 10–50 grams.Phyllis A. Lyday "Iodine and Iodine Compounds" in Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, Wiley-VCH, Weinheim, 2005. 

Safety

Extreme exposure can lead to argyria, characterized by localized discoloration of body tissue.
Question:
In meteorology what name is given to the technique of using substances such as silver iodide to increase precipitation?
Answer:
Rain dispersal rocket
Passage:
The world's youngest self-made billionaires - MSN
The world's youngest self-made billionaires
You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.
The world's youngest self-made billionaires
Forbes 3/9/2016 Kate Vinton
Youngest Self-Made Billionaires Click through the slideshow above to see the world's youngest self-made billionaires.
A record 66 members of the 2016 Forbes Billionaires List are under the age of 40. Of those, an impressive 36 built their fortunes themselves. Nearly three-quarters of these self-made billionaires got rich in the tech sector, with half of the tech fortunes coming from so-called “Unicorns” – private startups valued by investors at $1 billion or more. Many of these companies, like Snapchat, Uber, Pinterest and Airbnb, didn't even exist 10 years ago.
The youngest of these self-made mavens is 25-year-old Snapchat cofounder Evan Spiegel. In May, Snapchat raised $538 million in funding, valuing the ephemeral messaging company at $16 billion and increasing Spiegel's net worth to $2.1 billion. His Snapchat cofounder and Stanford friend, 27-year-old Bobby Murphy is the next youngest self-made billionaire with a net worth of $1.8 billion.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg was the world's youngest billionaire when he debuted on the list in March 2008 at age 23 with a net worth of $1.5 billion. Today, the 31-year-old is not the youngest but he's definitely the richest by far of the under-40 crowd, with a net worth of $44.6 billion.
There is only one woman billionaire under 40 with a self-made fortune. Elizabeth Holmes, now 32, founded her blood-testing company Theranos at age 19. The company has come under fire in the past year for shipping an unapproved blood-collecting device and having unsafe lab practices, leading Forbes to lower our valuation of Theranos. Holmes, who owns half of Theranos, is worth an estimated $3.6 billion.
Question:
As at 2011 who is the world's youngest self-made billionaire?
Answer:
Priscilla Chan Zuckerberg
Passage:
The Three-Cornered Hat
El sombrero de tres picos (The Three-Cornered Hat or Le tricorne) is a ballet choreographed by Léonide Massine to music by Manuel de Falla, commissioned by Sergei Diaghilev and premiered complete in 1919. It is not only a ballet with Spanish setting but one that also employs the techniques of Spanish dance (adapted and somewhat simplified) instead of classical ballet.   

The story – a magistrate infatuated with a miller's faithful wife attempts to seduce her – derives from the novella by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón (born in Granada) and has been traced in film several times, usually in Spanish. The music has these sections:

Act I
*Introducción — Introduction
*Atardecer - Sunset
*Danza de la molinera (Farruca) — Dance of the Miller's Wife 
*Las uvas — The Grapes
Act II
*Danza de los vecinos (Seguidillas) — Dance of the Neighbors
*Danza del molinero (Farruca) — Dance of the Miller
*Danza del corregidor — Dance of the Magistrate
*Danza final (Jota)

Composition History 

As El corregidor y la molinera

During World War I Manuel de Falla wrote a pantomime ballet in two scenes and called it The Magistrate and the Miller's Wife (El corregidor y la molinera). The work was scored for a small chamber orchestra and was performed in 1917.

As El sombrero de tres picos

Sergei Diaghilev of the Ballets Russes, saw the premiere of El corregidor y la molinera and commissioned Falla to rewrite it. The outcome was a two-act ballet scored for large orchestra called The Three-Cornered Hat (El sombrero de tres picos). This was first performed in London at the Alhambra Theatre on 22 July 1919. Sets and costumes were created by Pablo Picasso. Choreography was by Léonide Massine. Diaghilev asked Falla to conduct the premiere but the composer felt he was not experienced enough to conduct a work so complex and he handed the baton to Ernest Ansermet after one rehearsal. 
Synopsis 

Act One 

After a short fanfare the curtain rises revealing a mill in Andalusia. The miller is trying to teach a pet blackbird to tell the time. He tells the bird to chirp twice, but instead it chirps three times. Annoyed, the miller scolds the bird and tells it to try again. The  bird now chirps four times. The miller gets angry at the bird again and his wife offers it a grape. The bird takes the grape and chirps twice. The miller and his wife laugh over this and continue their work. 

Soon the magistrate, his wife, and their bodyguard pass by, taking their daily walk. The procession goes by and the couple returns to their work. The dandified, but lecherous, magistrate is heard coming back. The miller tells his wife that he will hide and that they will play a trick on the magistrate. 

The miller hides and the magistrate sees the miller's wife dancing. After her dance she offers him some grapes. When the magistrate gets the grapes the miller's wife runs away with the magistrate following her. Finally he catches her, and the miller jumps out of a bush with a stick. The miller chases the magistrate away and the miller and his wife continue working.

Act Two 

That night, guests are at the miller's house. The miller dances to entertain them. His dance is interrupted by the magistrate's bodyguard, who has come to arrest him on trumped-up charges. After the miller is taken away, the guests leave one by one. The miller's wife goes to sleep and soon the magistrate comes to the mill. On his way to the door the magistrate trips and falls in the river. The miller's wife wakes up and runs away. 

The magistrate undresses and hangs his clothes on a tree and goes to sleep in the miller's bed. The miller has escaped from prison and sees the magistrate in his bed. The miller thinks that the magistrate is sleeping with his wife and plans to switch clothes with the magistrate and avenge himself by seducing the magistrate's wife. The miller leaves, dressed as the magistrate, and the magistrate soon wakes up. He goes outside and sees that his clothes are gone, so he dresses in the miller's clothes. The bodyguard comes and sees the magistrate dressed as the miller and goes to arrest him. The miller's wife sees the bodyguard fighting with what looks like her husband and joins in the fight. The miller comes back and sees his wife in the fight and joins it to protect her. The magistrate explains the entire story and the ballet ends with the miller's guests tossing the magistrate up and down in a blanket.

The Music 

Throughout the ballet Falla uses traditional Andalusian folk music. The two songs sung by the mezzo-soprano are examples of cante jondo singing; this typically accompanies flamenco music and tells a sad story. At one point he quotes the opening of Beethoven's 5th Symphony. 

Recordings 

There are many recordings of the complete ballet, as well as of the suites extracted from it. In the early 1960s Ernest Ansermet, the original conductor of the work, recorded it in stereo for London Records (aka Decca). The music was played by the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande and the cante-jondo soloist was Teresa Berganza. It has also been recorded by such conductors as Rafael Fruhbeck de Burgos and Jesús López-Cobos, and Leonard Bernstein has recorded the two suites from the ballet with the New York Philharmonic.

The original pantomime El corregidor y la molinera has been recorded by Josep Pons and Orquestra del Teatro Lliure for Harmonia Mundi.

Film versions 

The Paris Opera Ballet has recently issued a performance of the complete ballet on a DVD entitled Picasso and Dance. The performance uses not only Massine's original choreography, but actual reproductions of Picasso's sets and costumes. It is, so far, the only performance of the ballet issued on video.
Question:
Who wrote the music for the ballet 'The Three Cornered Hat'?
Answer:
Manuel de Fallas
Passage:
The Star Beast
The Star Beast is a 1954 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein about a high school senior who discovers that his extraterrestrial pet is more than it appears to be. The novel, somewhat abridged, was originally serialised in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (May, June, July 1954) as Star Lummox and then published in hardcover as part of Scribner's series of Heinlein juveniles.

Plot summary

An ancestor of John Thomas Stuart XI brought the alien, long-lived Lummox home from an interstellar voyage. The articulate, sentient pet he inherited from his late father has gradually grown from the size of a collie pup to a ridable behemoth—especially after consuming a used car. The childlike Lummox is perceived to be a neighborhood nuisance and, upon leaving the Stuart property one day, causes substantial property damage across the city of Westville. John's mother wants him to get rid of it, and a court orders it destroyed.

Desperate to save his pet, John Thomas considers selling Lummox to a zoo. He rapidly changes his mind and runs away from home, riding into the nearby wilderness on Lummox's back. His girlfriend Betty Sorenson joins him and suggests bringing the beast back into town and hiding it in a neighbor's greenhouse. However, it isn't easy to conceal such a large creature. Eventually, the court tries to have Lummox destroyed, but is unable to do so, much to Lummox's amusement.

Meanwhile, the Hroshii, an advanced, powerful and previously unknown alien race, appear and demand the return of their lost child...or else. A friendly alien diplomat of a third species intimates that the threat is not an empty one. Initially, no one associates Lummox with the newcomers, in part due to the size difference (Lummox was overfed). Lummox is identified as royalty, complicating the already-tense negotiations. It is discovered that, from her viewpoint, the young Lummox has been pursuing her only hobby and principal interest: the raising of John Thomases. She makes it clear that she intends to continue doing so. This gives the chief human negotiator the leverage he needs to establish diplomatic relations with the aliens, who normally do not hold regular relations with other species. At the request of Lummox, the recently married John and Betty accompany her back to her people as members of the human diplomatic mission.

Race

Heinlein grew up in the era of racial segregation in the United States. This book was very much ahead of its time both in its explicit rejection of racism and in its inclusion of non-white protagonists. It was published in 1954 before the beginning of the US civil rights movement. The mere existence of non-white characters was a remarkable novelty.  In this juvenile, the government official in charge of the negotiations with the Hroshii is a Mr. Kiku who is from Africa.  Heinlein explicitly states his skin is "ebony black", and that Kiku is in an arranged marriage that is happy. 

Critical response

The noted science fiction author and critic Damon Knight wrote:

This is a novel that won't go bad on you.  Many of science fiction's triumphs, even from as little as ten years ago, are unreadable today; they were shoddily put together, not meant for re-use. But Heinlein is durable.  I've read this story twice, so far – once in the Fantasy and Science Fiction serialized version, once in hard covers – and expect to read it again, sooner or later, for pleasure.  I don't know any higher praise. 

Groff Conklin described the novel as "one of Heinlein's most enchanting tales."  P. Schuyler Miller found The Star Beast to be "one of the best of 1954." 

Editions

All paperback editions and the Science Fiction Book Club hard cover edition omit page 148 of Chapter VIII, "The Sensible Thing to Do", which was in the Scribner's edition and the magazine serialization. In this chapter, John Thomas rereads the entries in his great-grandfather's diary of how Lummox was found. Of significance on the omitted page is that:

The diary skipped a couple of days; the Trail Blazer had made an emergency raise-ship and Assistant Powerman J. T. Stuart had been too busy to write. John Thomas knew why ... the negotiations opened so hopefully with the dominant race had failed ... no one knew why.

The rest of the page summarizes John Thomas' grandfather's family history, discussing the first John Thomas Stuart, who had retired as a sea captain. The history, as reprinted in the paperback and Science Fiction Book Club editions, then resumes with John Thomas Stuart, Junior.
Question:
Star Beast was the working title for which 1979 blockbuster film?
Answer:
Alien (disambiguation)
Passage:
Name actor called The voice of Canada - had 1964 hit Ringo ...
Name actor called The voice of Canada had 1964 hit Ringo Lorne - IT - 402
View Full Document
Name actor called The voice of Canada - had 1964 hit Ringo Lorne Green 93 Only Hawaii, Utah and Tennessee dont have some form of what Legal gambling 94 Until 1965 what was illegal for Connecticut married couples Contraception 95 A can of orange crush appears on every episode what TV series ER 96 What town has the highest post office in the US Climax Colorado 97 What is the most varied species on the planet Domesticated dog 98 Police Academy got its theme song from which other film Patton 99 Which US states constitution was the first to prohibit slavery Vermont 100 Finally a good old body sound where is Farta Nigeria No Questions Quiz 88 Answers 1 What actor was born Krishna Bhanji Ben Kingsley Page 175
This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version.
View Full                                                         Document
10000 general knowledge questions and answers www.cartiaz.ro 2 Which Bruce made the cover of Time in 1975 Jaws - Bruce was the shark 3 In Peter and the Wolf what instrument represents the cat The Clarinet 4 Where would you find bead wires wrapping and sipes On Tyres 5 Brian Eno created which sound Windows 95 start-up 6 What is produced using the Kroll process Titanium 7 Who first said "The Games Afoot" William Shakespeare 8 In France what kind of nuts are noisette Hazelnuts 9 A young what is called a squeaker Pigeon 10 June 1988 who's on covers Time, Life, People, and Sports Illustrated Mike Tyson 11 Which companies name translates as rising sun Hitachi 12 What's unusual about the ink used to print money It's magnetic 13 Elizabethan England what was Lift leg Dragons Milk Angel food Names for Beer 14 The Necromancer in The Hobbit became who in later works Sauron 15 According to Playboy what is their Playmates greatest turn on Music 16 And what's their greatest turn off Egoists and liars 17 Canberra in Australia has 2 meanings meeting place and what Female breasts 18 Sterling Holloway was original voice of which Disney character Winnie the Pooh 19 Name the knot used to shorten a rope without cutting it Sheepshank 20 Fanny Crosby wrote over 8000 of these - what Hymns 21 What was the first country to use postcards Austria 22 What makes the holes in Swiss cheese Gas given off by bacteria 23 Before 1883 who were called kranks Baseball fans – fan invented then 24 What did Ed Peterson invent Egg McMuffin 25 What is the most consumed fruit in the US Coffee Bean 26 Seth Wheeler patented it in 1871 - what Wrapping Paper 27 Which actor wore an old trenchcoat in one scene in all his films David Niven 28 What did J Edgar Hoover call home of disease bribery rape Motels 29 Which prop item did MGM ban from film sets in the early 50s T V sets 30 What is the more common name for blue corundum Sapphire 31 The 42 string guitar is correctly called what Pikasso guitar 32 What is made in shapes called finger, petticoat and thistle Scottish Shortbread 33 What were the first tennis balls stuffed with Human Hair 34 What did the US government call predawn vertical insertion Invasion of Granada 35 For what would you use zener cards To test for ESP 36 In 1908 A'Ecu d'Or became the worlds first what Pornographic film 37 In Star Trek what is Chekov's first name
This is the end of the preview. Sign up to                                     access the rest of the document.
TERM
Kenyatta University
IT 402                                         -                                         Spring 2015
1 2 3 4 5 Sampling In Research What is research? According Webster (1985), to researc
HYPO.docx
Question:
Which actor had a hit record in 1964 with 'Ringo'?
Answer:
Charles Greene, son of Lorne
