Passage:
Portree
Portree (,) is the largest town on Skye in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.Murray, W.H. (1966) The Hebrides. London. Heinemann. Pages 154-5.  It is the location for the only secondary school on the Island, Portree High school. Public transport services are limited to buses.

Portree has a harbour, fringed by cliffs, with a pier designed by Thomas Telford. 

Attractions in the town include the Àros centre which celebrates the island's Gaelic heritage. Further arts provision is made through arts organisation ATLAS Arts, a Creative Scotland regularly-funded organisation.    The town also serves as a centre for tourists exploring the island. 

The Royal Hotel is the site of MacNab's Inn, the last meeting place of Flora MacDonald and Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1746.Haswell-Smith, Hamish. (2004) The Scottish Islands. Edinburgh. Canongate. Pages 173-4

The town plays host to the Isle of Skye's shinty club, Skye Camanachd.  They play at Pairc nan Laoch above the town on the road to Struan.

Around 939 people (37.72% of the population) can speak Scottish Gaelic.

The A855 road leads north out of the town, passing through villages such as Achachork, Staffin and passes the rocky landscape of The Storr before reaching the landslip of the Quiraing.

Etymology

The current name, Port Rìgh translates as 'king's port', possibly from a visit by King James V of Scotland in 1540. However this etymology has been contested, since James did not arrive in peaceful times. The older name appears to have been Port Ruighe(adh), meaning "slope harbour". 

Prior to the sixteenth century the settlement's name was Kiltaraglen ('the church of St. Talarican') from Gaelic Cill Targhlain.

Portree shale

Portree shale is a geologic association in the vicinity of Portree, the existence of which is linked with potential petroleum occurrences of commercial importance. 

In fiction

*'The Portree Kid' was an amusing ballad sung by the Corries.
*Portree is the home of a fictional professional Quidditch team in the Harry Potter universe called the 'Pride of Portree'. 
*The film Made of Honor partially takes place in Portree. A sweeping shot of the town's main street is shown.
Question:
Portree is the largest town of which island?
Answer:
Isle of Skye
Passage:
Henry Travers
Henry Travers (5 March 1874 – 18 October 1965) was an English film and stage character actor. His most famous role was the guardian angel Clarence Odbody in the 1946 film classic It's a Wonderful Life. He also received an Academy Award nomination for his supporting role in Mrs. Miniver (1942). Travers specialized in portraying slightly bumbling but friendly and lovable old men.

Life and career

Early life 

Travers was born Travers John Heagerty in Prudhoe, Northumberland, and was the son of Daniel Heagerty, a doctor. Travers grew up in Berwick-upon-Tweed, and many biographies wrongly report him as being born there.    

The Travers family lived in Prudhoe for a couple of years before moving from Woodburn, on the A68 road near Corsenside, Northumberland, in about 1866, to Tweedmouth, Berwick-upon-Tweed, in about 1876. 

Initially, he trained as an architect at Berwick, before taking to the stage under the name Henry Travers.

Acting career 

Travers played character roles almost from the beginning of his acting career in 1894, often figures who were much older than himself.  He made his Broadway debut in 1901, but returned to England. Travers again went to the United States in 1917 after a long and successful theatre career in his homeland. He played frequently from November 1917 until December 1938 on Broadway in over 30 plays. However, his last play on Broadway You Can't Take It with You was his most famous, where he acted in over 380 performances in two years. In the oscar-winning movie You Can't Take It With You, Lionel Barrymore played the role which Travers represented on Broadway.

Like many other theatre actors, he made his first movie only with the advent of sound films. His first was Reunion in Vienna in 1933. In the same year, he played the father of Gloria Stuart in the horror classic The Invisible Man.  He often portrayed doctors, judges, and fathers of the main figures in supporting roles. Travers specialized on portraying slightly wry and bumbling but friendly and loveable old men. He appeared with Greer Garson and Ronald Colman in Random Harvest (1942) and with Bing Crosby and Ingrid Bergman in The Bells of St. Mary's (1945). Alfred Hitchcock used Travers as a Comic relief in Shadow of a Doubt (1943), where he played a bank clerk with a passion for criminal magazines. The character actor also portrayed the Railway Station Master Mr. Ballard with a love for roses who finally wins the annual flower show in his village shortly before dying in a bombardment in Mrs. Miniver. He received an Academy Award-nomination as Best Supporting Actor for this appearance.

However, his most famous role was as James Stewart's, somewhat befuddled but kind-hearted guardian angel Clarence Odbody in Frank Capra's It's a Wonderful Life (1946), who saves Stewart's character from a suicide and shows him how wonderful his life really is. Though the film was a financial flop, it later became a Christmas classic and one of the most beloved films in American cinema. Travers retired in 1949 after his supporting role in The Girl From Jones Beach. Overall, he acted in 52 films.

Personal life 

His first wife was actress Amy Forrest-Rhodes (1881-1954). They were married until Amy's death in 1954. Travers married for a second time to Ann G. Murphy (1899-1983) who was a nurse. 

After several years in retirement, Travers died as a result of arteriosclerosis in 1965, at the age of 91. He is buried with his second wife in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.

Filmography

* Reunion in Vienna (1933) 
* Another Language (1933)
* My Weakness (1933)
* The Invisible Man (1933)
* Death Takes a Holiday (1934)
* Ready for Love (1934)
* Born to Be Bad (1934)
* The Party's Over (1934)
* Maybe It's Love (1935)
* After Office Hours (1935)
* Captain Hurricane (1935)
* Escapade (1935)
* Four Hours to Kill! (1935)
* Pursuit (1935)
* Seven Keys to Baldpate (1935)
* Too Many Parents (1936)
* The Sisters (1938)
* You Can't Get Away with Murder (1939)
* Dodge City (1939)
* Dark Victory (1939)
* On Borrowed Time (1939)
* Stanley and Livingstone (1939)
* The Rains Came (1939)
* Remember? (1939)
* Primrose Path (1940)
* Anne of Windy Poplars (1940)
* Edison, the Man (1940)
* Wyoming (1940)
* High Sierra (1941)
* A Girl, a Guy and a Gob (1941)
* I'll Wait for You (1941)
* The Bad Man (1941)
* Ball of Fire (1941)
* Mrs. Miniver (1942)
* Pierre of the Plains (1942)
* Random Harvest (1942)
* Shadow of a Doubt (1943)
* The Moon Is Down (1943)
* Madame Curie (1943)
* Dragon Seed (1944)
* The Very Thought of You (1944)
* None Shall Escape (1944)
* Thrill of a Romance (1945)
* The Naughty Nineties (1945)
* The Bells of St. Mary's (1945)
* The Yearling (1946)
* It's a Wonderful Life (1946)
* Gallant Journey (1946)
* The Flame (1947)
* Beyond Glory (1948)
* The Girl From Jones Beach (1949)
Question:
What role did Henry Travers play in a famous and still-popular 1946 film?
Answer:
Clarence Odbody
Passage:
Chaser Anne Hegarty has the perfect comeback for fans who ...
Chaser Anne Hegarty has the perfect comeback for fans who ask: 'Why are all the Chasers fat?'
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Comments
FANS of The Chase can be a cruel bunch, particularly when contestants opt for minus offers or fluff supposedly easy questions.
But it’s not just those brave enough to go on the show who get a rough deal.
ITV
The Chasers are often criticised by viewers – and sometimes it gets very personal
The Chasers are often criticised by viewers – and sometimes it gets very personal.
Anne Hegarty, aka The Governess, may be an ice maiden on screen, but she has admitted she does read some of the unpleasant messages targeted at her and her colleagues on social media.
But she also revealed she has the perfect comeback for when fans have a go at their appearance – in particular, their weight.
The 57-year-old told The Express : “I’m more defensive on behalf of the other Chasers than I am on my own behalf.
ITV
5
Viewers can be very cruel – and personal
“You need to grow a thick skin. If someone asks, ‘Why are all the Chasers fat?’ you can say, ‘Body-shaming’s really hurtful and offensive!’
“Or you can say, ‘Because every time we get an answer right, we get a biscuit’.”
“Which is more likely to get you a new follower and a reputation for being a good sport?”
One of the Chasers who has come in for some hurtful criticism of late is newcomer Jenny Ryan, nicknamed The Vixen, who arrived in September last year.
Last month we reported how Jenny responded to nasty online trolls , tweeting: “I really don’t give a monkey’s if you don’t like me.”
Jenny, 34, also admitted to finding the social media backlash “hurtful”, but she can rest assured fellow quiz master Anne has her back.
Related Stories
Hollyoaks beauty Jennifer Metcalfe branded 'thick' after embarrassing appearance on The Chase
JEREMY KYLE
'Don't come near me with that thong': Host chased around with hairy underwear as 'naughty nurse' returns
Anne explained: “Some people subscribe to the ‘Smurfette’ principle that there can only be one female character.
“Some people simply don’t like change; some people claim she lacks charisma, which is hilarious for anyone who knows her.
ITV
5
One of the Chasers who has come in for some hurtful criticism of late is newcomer Jenny Ryan
“She plays the ukulele with a group called Nanukes of the North, and she’s writing a book!
“The Vixen’s perhaps a more subtle character than the Governess, and some people were expecting something a little more cartoony.”
Thankfully for fans of The Governess, she has no plans to depart the show any time soon – partly down to her affection for host Bradley Walsh.
ITV
5
Thankfully for fans of The Governess, she has no plans to depart the show any time soon
Anne confessed: “I tell him that my great fear is that he’s going to have a heart attack from overwork, and he just says, ‘Oh, but I love it.’
“I hate the thought of having to, but I can’t think of any circumstances in which I’d choose to leave. This is the best job I’ve ever had!”
The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.
Question:
Which of the 'chasers' on the ITV quiz show The Chase is nicknamed 'The Governess' ?
Answer:
ANNE HEGARTY
Passage:
List of Presidents of the United States by time in office
This list of Presidents of the United States by time in office is based on the difference between dates; if counted by number of calendar days all the figures would be one greater, with the exception of Grover Cleveland who would receive two days.

Since 1789, there have been 43 people sworn into office as President of the United States, and 44 presidencies, as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president. Of the individuals elected as president, four (William Henry Harrison,  Zachary Taylor,  Warren G. Harding,  and Franklin D. Roosevelt) died in office of natural causes, four (Abraham Lincoln,  James A. Garfield,  William McKinley,  and John F. Kennedy) were assassinated, and one (Richard Nixon ) resigned.

William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office, and Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest. He is the only president to have served more than two terms. At the present time (since the presidency of Dwight Eisenhower) the United States Constitution limits the number of times an individual can be elected president.

Presidents by time in office

Notes
Question:
Which US President served the shortest term?
Answer:
Wm Henry Harrison
Passage:
Best Castles in England, Scotland and Wales - North America
Famous Castles in Wales | Famous Medieval Castles in England, Scotland and Wales | Planning a Trip to Wales
Castles of Wales
Wales is home to some of the United Kingdom's most well-known castles,   which were mainly built by the English to control the Welsh, who proved very   capable at thwarting the English lords. Wales is a unique and scenic   region that has much to offer and is a great place for a vacation.  For more   information, see our Guide to the Best Places to Visit in Wales . 
Caerphilly Castle
   
Located in the town of Caerphilly, Wales   and surrounded by purpose built, defensive lakes, Caerphilly Castle   dates from the 13th century.  It was the first concentric castle in Britain (defensive walls surrounded by defensive walls) and is considered one the greatest medieval castles in the world.  In addition, it is one of the largest castles in   Great Britain and was built to defend southern Wales (Glamorgan) from Welsh   nationalists.  It is thought that the design of this castle   inspired Edward 1 to adapt many facets  of its construction to the   castles he would build to conquer and control Wales.  For information on   visiting see this site from the Caerphilly County Borough Council
Caernarfon Castle
Caernarfon   Castle (13th century) is regarded as the most impressive of the castles   built by Edward I. In addition to its role in the defensive strategy of the   English, historians   believe that its massive style was purposeful and designed to convince the   Welsh  of Edwardï¿½s   determination to establish the English dominance over Wales. While   Caernarfon may not have met the latter goal, it is one of the most inspiring   of the castles in Wales.
 
In   addition, Caernarfon is   famous for its ornamentation.  It was built   with an unusual number of towers and its curtain walls include alternating rows of   different colored stones.  In 1969, Caernarfon served as the location for the   investiture of Charles, Prince of Wales.  See the Castle's official   website for more information on visiting.
Conwy Castle
Castle Conwy was sited to overlook the River Conwy and control its   traffic both for supply and defensive purposes.  The castle, built in   the late 13th century for Edward I as part of his plan to subjugate the   Welsh, is known for its eight massive towers and a location that was both   strategic and easy to defend.  Size, however was a constraint and Conwy   was built without concentric walls.  However, its eight turrets allowed   full visibility of the surrounding area.
The construction effort at Conwy also included a town that is considered   one of the premier examples of medieval fortified towns.  Castle Conwy,   along with the castles of  Caernarfon, Harlech and Beaumaris were the four largest and most   expensive of Edward I's castle building efforts in Wales.
For details on visiting, see this  official site.
 
             
Beaumaris Castle
Beaumaris   Castle was the last and largest of the string of castles built by Edward I.  The fortress   was built to guard the eastern end of Menai strait, a body of water that   separates Angelsey from mainland Wales.  Many regard Beaumaris as the most   beautiful of Edward's castles in Wales.  Its moat has been partially   restored and its walls remain in good shape, although the castle was never   finished due to a lack of funds and changing strategies.  Beaumaris   Castle has a concentric design and was constructed to allow direct supply by   boat.  See this official site   for more details on visiting 
 
Harlech Castle
Harlech   Castle (close to the town of Harlech) is sited in an attractive location on   the shore of Cardigan Bay. A harbor was
dug to supply the castle by sea (late 13th century), enhancing its strong   defensive characteristics.  Harlech Castle, which is small and compact   is another of Edward I's "Ring   of Iron" surrounding Wales. 
 
Harlech is known for its powerful gatehouse that   included a number of defensive options for punishing uninvited guests.  Your entry to the castle  will be through the gatehouse, so take a   close look for the danger that waited for the those intent on invading this   defensive bastion.  For information   on visiting, see this site . 
Raglan Castle
Raglan Castle (15th century) is known for its unique look.  It was an aristocrat's   home and not a ï¿½royalï¿½ castle.  Although numerous attempts were made to   destroy this castle during the English Civil War in the mid-17th century, it   was one of the last castles surrendered due to the strength of its unique,   six-sided Great Tower.  Unfortunately the Tower was damaged in the war   and by events after.   See this official site for more details .
 
Carew Castle
Carew Castle dates from the early 13th century with significant later additions.  A Tudor-style modernization by Rhys   Thomas changed to look of the castle considerably.  Considered one of the   most interesting castles in south Wales, it is located near banks of the   Carew river was positioned to control river crossings.  Parts of the   castle were destroyed in the English Civil war to ensure that it was not   used to advantage the enemy.
See this site for more details on Carew   Castle .
Question:
What is the second largest castle in England and Wales ?
Answer:
Energlyn
Passage:
Knock, Knock Who's There?
"Knock, Knock Who's There?" is a 1970 song by Welsh singer Mary Hopkin. Written and composed by John Carter and Geoff Stephens it was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1970 where it came 2nd. The single version was produced by Mickie Most and reached No.2 in the UK Charts.

Overview 

On 7 March 1970, Mary Hopkin sang six songs at the UK National Final, A Song for Europe, which was aired on the television series It's Cliff Richard!. Hopkin was chosen by the BBC to be the United Kingdom's representative for that year, and the winner of a postal vote would determine which of the six songs would progress with her to the finals in Amsterdam. "Knock, Knock Who's There?", the sixth and final song performed that evening, won the postal vote with over 120,000 supporters.

At Amsterdam, the song was performed seventh on the night, after France's Guy Bonnet with "Marie-Blanche", and before Luxembourg's David Alexandre Winter with "Je suis tombé du ciel." At the end of judging that evening, "Knock, Knock Who's There?" took the second-place slot with 26 points after Ireland's "All Kinds of Everything", performed by Dana. The UK received points from nine out of a possible eleven voting juries.

The singer expresses a long-held optimism at the prospect of love finally finding her. At the exact point that said optimism has faded, and she has resigned herself to not finding love and companionship, she hears a "knock, knock," which signifies love finally becoming attainable for her. Excited, she beckons love to "come inside" and into her life.

The single was released in March 1970, backed by "I'm Going to Fall in Love Again" (the runner-up in the Song for Europe final) on the B-side. On 28 March 1970 "Knock, Knock Who's There" entered the UK Singles Chart at No.7, the highest new entry of the week.  It peaked at No.2 and remained on the chart for 14 weeks. It wasn't released in the United States as a single until November 1972, where it floundered for four weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, only reaching a peak of No.92. In the Netherlands it peaked at No.3 on the Dutch Top 40 as well as on the Single Top 100.  

Rather different from her usual material, Hopkin rarely performed the song after the Eurovision due to her distaste for it. She later commented: "I was so embarrassed about it. Standing on stage singing a song you hate is awful". She also referred to it as humiliating.Songs for Europe Volume Two, Gordon Roxburgh. Telos Publishing, 2014. pgs 29-30 At the time, she conceded victory gracefully saying that "the best song won" and wished Dana well.

In 1970, a sound-alike cover appeared on the album Top of the Pops, Volume 10.

Chart performance

Cover versions 

Liv Maessen's Cover 

In Australia, a cover version by Liv Maessen co-charted into the top 10. Maessen's version reached #2 on the Australian charts, after her debut single "The Love Moth" only made it to #40.

Other versions 

Also in 1970  reached #35 in Germany with the rendering "Komm, Komm Zu Mir" while Kristina Hautala recorded the Finnish rendering "Kop Kop, Ken Lie".

In 1971, Hong Kong female singer/artist Sum Sum (森森) covered this song in Mandarin Chinese language with Chinese lyrics written by  and given the title name of 我情願你惱恨我, appearing on her LP album 一寸相思一寸淚 (Bitter Love In Tears), and released by EMI Regal Records
Question:
Which singer's Eurovision Song Contest entry was Knock Knock (Who's There?)?
Answer:
Mary Hopkin
