Passage:
Kingsholm Stadium
Kingsholm Stadium is a rugby union stadium located in the Kingsholm area of Gloucester, England, and is the home stadium of Gloucester Rugby. The stadium has a capacity of 16,115. It is sometimes nicknamed 'Castle Grim' after the estate where the stadium is built. The new main grandstand, opened in 2007, is an all seated 7,500 capacity stand along the south touchline. It is currently sponsored by Mira Showers.

Kingsholm was used as a home stadium for England before they settled at Twickenham and also hosted New Zealand versus United States for a pool match in the 1991 Rugby World Cup.

In common with many grounds of English professional Rugby Union clubs, Kingsholm features several terraced standing areas. The North Stand is such an area and is known colloquially as 'The Shed'. It runs down the whole length of the pitch and holds around 3,000 people. The Shed is known within Rugby Union for its proximity to the pitch and the low roof, enabling fervent home support. The West Stand terrace holds around 1,615 spectators and has a row of hospitality boxes located above. It is sponsored by Stowford press.

The East Stand is an all seater stand located directly on Kingsholm Road. It holds around 3,000 fans. It is sponsored by JS Facilities Group.

History

A proposal by the then Gloucester Football Club to acquire the grounds where Kingsholm Stadium is built was first put together in July 1891.  The purchase was made and the first match took place in October 1891.  A pavilion was built in 1892, initially with seating capacity for 424 spectators. A wooden stand was added in 1923. In September 1933, a fire destroyed this stand; a larger replacement was completed before the end of the year in its place.  The original pavilion was demolished in 1934 and, in its place, was built the stand that is today known as The Shed.

International matches

In May 2008, the Barbarian F.C. and Ireland national rugby union team played a match at Kingsholm. Kingsholm has hosted eight other international matches, including one pool game in the 1991 Rugby World Cup and for four pool games in the 2015 Rugby World Cup, hosting Tonga, Georgia, Scotland, Argentina, the United States and Japan.

Kingsholm was also one of the venues for the 2000 Rugby League World Cup where, on 29 October, it hosted the group 2 game between New Zealand and Lebanon. The New Zealand team included future rugby union converts and Gloucester Rugby players, Henry Paul and Lesley Vainikolo.

Concerts

Kingsholm regularly hosts pop concerts, generally when the season has ended. The stadium has hosted acts ranging from Tom Jones, Mc Fly, Ronan Keating and The Wanted. In 2015 it hosted Madness and Elton John and in 2016 Jess Glynne and Lionel Richie.

Football

Kingsholm Stadium hosted several football matches for Gloucester City A.F.C. in the 1910s. Since the football club's 3rd major flooding in 17 years in 2007 at Meadow Park and subsequent exile from the City, Kingsholm had been discussed as both a temporary and permanent solution but no mutual agreement was found.

Future Development

In October 2003, Gloucester Rugby launched 'Project Kingsholm'. 'The Kingsholm Supporters Mutual' (KSM) was set up by Gloucester Rugby Football Club in October 2003, to help fundraise towards 'Project Kingsholm', the redevelopment of Gloucester’s entire ground at a cost of £6,000,000, and the launch of a supporters shares rights issue. The idea was to be similar to the development at Franklin's Gardens, home of Northampton Saints, although on a bigger scale, incorporating both seating and terracing. Despite the KSM meeting the fundraising targets, Gloucester Rugby abandoned all plans. In 2006, the club announced it would be making an extension to Kingsholm, bringing the stadium capacity up to 16,500. This was mainly to comply with Premier Rugby's minimum seat number requirements. The old main Grandstand (which was both terracing and seating) was later replaced by a new all seater structure, while terracing on the Worcester Street end of the ground was developed into an all seater stand, known as the 'Buildbase' stand at the time.

In January 2007, the club announced plans to redevelop The Shed terracing to all seater. This was intended to enable the entire stadium to become all-seating. A large number of supporters did not want to see this happen under the proposals put forward by Gloucester Rugby, and a poster campaign under the name of 'Save Our Shed' or 'SOS' was initiated by the KSM, and sponsored by the Gloucester Citizen newspaper. Posters were held up by supporters standing in the Shed, on camera during a televised Heineken Cup match against Leinster Rugby at Kingsholm. T-shirts were also made independently by supporters, with the slogan 'Save Our Shed' printed on them. The campaign did not protest the redevelopment of the Shed, rather the plans put forward at the time which were to replace all terracing with seats, leaving no alternative anywhere in the ground, despite such a large demand for terracing. In September 2008, chairman Tom Walkinshaw confirmed there were plans for the Shed to be redeveloped, but it would remain as a terrace (with an increased capacity of 6000), with hospitality units above it.[12] However, as of the 2010/11 season, the need and desire for redeveloping the Shed decreased with the above-mentioned plans proving to be conjecture, and as such abandoned, have never come into effect and do not appear to for the foreseeable future.

2007 also saw the club reject the proposal of moving to a brand new 15,000 capacity community stadium in an area of the city nicknamed 'The Railway Triangle' off Metz Way. This was intended to be shared with Gloucester City A.F.C.. The stadium would have been designed to allow for further development to hold up to 25,000 fans.
Question:
Which rugby union side play home games at Kingsholm?
Answer:
Gloucester, England
Passage:
Norman Stanley Fletcher
Norman Stanley "Fletch" Fletcher is the main fictional character in the popular BBC sitcom Porridge, and the spin-off, Going Straight.  He was played by Ronnie Barker. 

He was sentenced to serve the particular stretch of 'porridge' detailed in the series due to a long and failing attempt to steal an articulated truck. The truck was full of alcohol. His plan was to drive the truck to a nearby field where he would leave the truck and make off with some of the booze. But he had no idea on how to drive the truck and ended up crashing into a garden. He was then arrested after the owner of the house called the police. He was arrested for robbery and dangerous driving. Several other offences were taken into consideration.

His tactics range from the practical (stealing pills from the prison doctor and eggs from the prison farmyard), to the symbolic (finding new and imaginative ways to stick two fingers up at Mackay and get away with it). In return, Mackay's frenzied, neurotic attempts to catch Fletch out, when fruitful, give the warder a level of smugness and satisfaction that is only accentuated by his charge's hostility and skulking.

Fletch is also surprised when this spell in prison finds him taking on the role of the father figure. It is left to him to help Warren when he needs a letter read or written, and to oversee new, younger inmates such as McClaren and Godber.

As Fletch's cellmate, Godber became a close associate, and is frequently involved in his various schemes. The doe-eyed, optimistic Brummie was the perfect sidekick for the grouchy, world-weary Londoner, and the banter between the two became one of the main attractions of the series.

This was best illustrated in the ambitious episode "A Night In", a bottle episode set entirely in relative darkness within the confines of their cell, with only the pair's conversation for entertainment.

Fletch is also manipulative, and can play upon the sympathies and weaknesses of people like the liberal warden, Mr Barrowclough, and the ineffectual prison governor to acquire more pleasant employment, accommodation or special privileges.

In early life Fletcher had fulfilled his post-war National Service in the late 1940s, including service in the Malayan Emergency. He joined the Royal Army Service Corps or RASC, which he refers to in army slang as "Run Away, Someone's Coming". 

Upon release from prison Fletch decided to give up his criminal career. In the follow-up series, Going Straight, he took a job as a hotel night-porter, but found himself often tempted back into crime, although he resisted. His wife, Isobel, had left him, leaving him in sole charge of Raymond.

When last seen, in the mockumentary Life Beyond the Box: Norman Stanley Fletcher, Fletch was landlord of a pub in Muswell Hill, alongside his second wife, Gloria (an old flame briefly mentioned in Porridge).

In 2009, the character was revived in a stage production, penned by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, and is played by Shaun Williamson.

Personality and traits

For a man of his age and poor education, Fletch speaks with confidence and a large vocabulary on a wide range of topics including politics, race relations, the justice system and society in general, and appears to possess a considerable degree of natural intellect. Although he is a tolerant man (he is friends with McClaren, a black man, and Lukewarm, a homosexual), he is often cynical about the world, and is generally pessimistic. For the most part his attitude never goes beyond simple complaining and playful teasing of Mr. Mackay, although Fletch occasionally shows a darker side which reflects his true mental state, usually when he is talking about his past. It is clear that he has not lived a happy or constructive life, and that his experiences in and out of prison have left him world-weary. The large amount of time he has spent in prison has left him feeling that he has wasted his life. In the final episode of Going Straight, he is convinced not to go back to crime after walking into a pet shop and seeing the animals in cages, reminding him of his time in prison. He struggles to adapt to life on the outside after his spell in Slade prison, and his frayed nerves have resulted in a quick temper, shown by how quick he is to shout at his daughter Ingrid. He is also something of a drinker - on one occasion, after sneaking away from an outdoor trip, he goes straight to a pub and drinks several pints of beer, one of which he downs in one. In Going Straight, he consumes several pints of beer and a few whisky chasers just on the train from Carlisle to London. In his hometown of Muswell Hill, he mentions an average day involving visiting four different pubs for a 'swift half'. This  may be a coping mechanism, to cope with his painful memories and frightening experiences, or of course it could have been just because that is what men of his generation did in that era. He is upset that his wife Isobel has left him, and struggles to cope with the responsibility of holding his family together.

Fletch is a Tottenham Hotspur supporter: In one episode Fletch tells an inmate that while on compassionate leave he had "a sing song at the pub, a Sunday roast and watched Spurs win at home". However, in the movie version, it is revealed that he is a Leyton Orient supporter.
Question:
What was the follow up series of Porridge with Fletcher being released from jail
Answer:
Going Straight
Passage:
Buccinator muscle
The buccinator (  
) is a thin quadrilateral muscle, occupying the interval between the maxilla and the mandible at the side of the face. It forms the anterior part of the cheek or the lateral wall of the oral cavity. 

Structure

It arises from the outer surfaces of the alveolar processes of the maxilla and mandible, corresponding to the three pairs of molar teeth; and behind, from the anterior border of the pterygomandibular raphé which separates it from the constrictor pharyngis superior.

Origin: pterygomandibular raphe and surrounding bony structures. Insertion: modiolus.

The fibers converge toward the angle of the mouth, where the central fibers intersect each other, those from below being continuous with the upper segment of the orbicularis oris, and those from above with the lower segment; the upper and lower fibers are continued forward into the corresponding lip without decussation.

Innervation

Motor innervation is from the buccal branch of the facial nerve (cranial nerve VII). Sensory innervation is supplied by the buccal branch (one of the muscular branches) of the mandibular part of the trigeminal (cranial nerve V). 

Function

Its purpose is to pull back the angle of the mouth and to flatten the cheek area, which aids in holding the cheek to the teeth during chewing. This action causes the muscle to keep food pushed back on the occlusal surface of the posterior teeth, as when a person chews. By keeping the food in the correct position when chewing, the buccinator assists the muscles of mastication.

It aids whistling and smiling, and in neonates it is used to suckle.

Structures piercing the buccinator

#Parotid duct (Stenson's duct)
#Molar glands of cheeks
#Buccal branch of mandibular nerve

Etymology

In the past the buccinator muscle was also written as bucinator muscle.  A bucinator in classical Latin is a trumpeter,  or more precisely, the person who blows the bucina. The name bucina could refer in Roman antiquity to a crooked horn or trumpet, a shepherd's horn or a war-trumpet. Despite its similarity to the classical Latin name for cheek, i.e. bucca, the words bucinator, bucina, and bucinere (to blow the bucina) are not related to bucca,  hence some disapproved buccinator Although the name bucinator is not derived from bucca, this muscle is also called musculus buccae   or musculus buccalis  in Latin and muscle of the cheek  in English.

The most recent official Latin anatomic nomenclature (Terminologia Anatomica),  and preceding editions  (Nomina Anatomica)  
   dictate the spelling 'musculus buccinator' with double 'c', with the exception of the Jena Nomina Anatomica, authorized in 1935, which writes 'musculus bucinatorius'  with a single 'c'.

Additional images

File:Sobo 1909 263.png
File:Sobo 1909 262.png
File:Sobo 1909 264.png
File:Sobo 1909 266.png
File:Gray157.png|Left maxilla, outer surface
File:Gray176.png|Mandible, outer surface, side view
File:Gray381.png|Scheme showing arrangement of fibers of orbicularis oris
File:Gray513.png|The internal carotid and vertebral arteries, right side
File:Gray778.png|Distribution of the maxillary and mandibular nerves and the submaxillary ganglion
File:Gray781.png|Mandibular division of the trifacial nerve
File:Gray1201.png|The mouth cavity: The cheeks have been slit transversely and the tongue pulled forward.
File:Buccinator muscle animation small.gif|Position of buccinator muscle (red)
File:Buccinator muscle lateral.png|Position of buccinator muscle (red)
File:Buccinator muscle frontal.png|Position of buccinator muscle (red)
File:Slide1vv.JPG|Buccinator muscle
Question:
In human anatomy, in which part of the body is the buccinator muscle?
Answer:
Jowl
Passage:
Wendy Cope
Wendy Cope, OBE (born 21 July 1945) is a contemporary English poet.  She read history at St Hilda's College, Oxford.  She now lives in Ely with her husband, the poet Lachlan Mackinnon.

Biography

Cope was born in Erith in Kent (now in London), and educated at Farrington's School, Chislehurst in Kent (now also in London).  Following her graduation from St Hilda's College, Cope spent fifteen years as a primary-school teacher.  In 1981, she became Arts and Reviews editor for the Inner London Education Authority magazine, Contact. Five years later she became a freelance writer and was a television critic for The Spectator magazine until 1990.

Four collections of her adult poetry have been published, Making Cocoa for Kingsley Amis in 1986, Serious Concerns in 1992, If I Don't Know in 2001, and Family Values in 2011. She has also edited several anthologies of comic verse and was a judge of the 2007 Man Booker Prize.

In 1998, she was voted the listeners' choice in a BBC Radio 4 poll to succeed Ted Hughes as Poet Laureate.[http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2008/jun/02/hayfestival2008.guardianhayfestival. The Guardian "Wendy Cope: I don't want to be laureate" 2 June 2008] When Andrew Motion's term as Poet Laureate came to an end in 2009, Cope was again widely considered a popular candidate, although she believes the post should be discontinued.  Carol Ann Duffy succeeded Motion as Poet Laureate.

Cope was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.  In April 2011, the British Library purchased Cope's archive including  manuscripts, school reports and 40,000 emails, the largest email archive they have bought to date. The papers also includes 67 poetry notebooks and unpublished poems. Cope commented "I wanted to find a good home for my archive. The timing was dictated because we had to move home, so we needed some money to buy a house, and the space. So this was the moment. I asked Andrew Motion what I should do, and he told me someone to approach at the British Library. I wasn't sure they would want it, but they did." When the collection is catalogued and organised, the archive will be available to researchers. 

Critical reception

Despite her slight output, her books have sold well and she has attracted a popular following with her lighthearted, often comical poetry, as well as achieving literary credibility winning two awards and making an award shortlist over a fourteen-year period. She has a keen eye for the everyday, mundane aspects of English life, especially the desires, frustrations, hopes, confusions and emotions in intimate relationships.[http://www.poetryarchive.org/poetryarchive/singlePoet.do?poetId=5677 Profile at Poetry Archive] Dr Rowan Williams is a well known fan of her work, writing that: "Wendy Cope is without doubt the wittiest of contemporary English poets, and says a lot of extremely serious things". 

Three haiku from Making Cocoa for Kingsley Amis, where they are presented as being written by the (fictional) Tulse Hill poet Jason Strugnell, were set by the composer Colin Matthews in 1990 as Strugnell's Haiku. 

In 2008 Cope's poem "After The Lunch" was used as the lyric  of the song "Waterloo Bridge" by jazz composer and musician Jools Holland and singer Louise Marshall. 

Style

Some of her poems are written in the persona of a struggling male poet, Jason Strugnell, a slightly seedy figure from Tulse Hill.  She displays her talent for parody with targets ranging from the sonnets of Sir Philip Sidney:

My true love hath my heart and I have hers
We swapped last Tuesday and felt quite elated
But now whenever one of us refers
To 'my heart' things get rather complicated.

to reducing T. S. Eliot's The Waste Land to limericks:

In April one seldom feels cheerful;
Dry stones, sun and dust make me fearful;
Clairvoyants distress me,
Commuters depress me—
Met Stetson and gave him an earful.

Her style has been compared to that of John Betjeman and Philip Larkin.

Bibliography

Cope's poetry for adults

* (1986) Making Cocoa for Kingsley Amis (Faber and Faber)
* (1992) Serious Concerns (Faber and Faber)
* (2001) If I Don't Know (Faber and Faber)
* (2011) Family Values (Faber and Faber)

Collections of Cope's poetry for children

* (1988) Twiddling Your Thumbs (Faber and Faber)
* (1991) The River Girl (Faber and Faber)

Limited editions and selections

* (1980) Across the City [limited edition] (Priapus Press)
* (1984) Hope and the 42 (Other Branch Readings)
* (1986) Poem from a Colour Chart of House Paints [limited edition] (Priapus Press)
* (1988) Does She Like Word Games? (Anvil Press Poetry)
* (1988) Men and Their Boring Arguments (Wykeham)
* (1994) The Squirrel and the Crow (Prospero Poets)
* (2008) Two Cures for Love: Selected Poems 1979-2006 (Faber and Faber)

Other publications

* (1989) Is That the New Moon? [editor] (HarperCollins)
* (1993) The Orchard Book of Funny Poems [editor] (Orchard)
* (1996) Casting a Spell [contributor] (Faber and Faber)
* (1998) The Funny Side: 101 Humorous Poems [editor] (Faber and Faber)
* (1999) The Faber Book of Bedtime Stories [editor] (Faber and Faber)
* (2000) The Orchard Book of Funny Poems [editor] (Orchard)
* (2001) Heaven on Earth: 101 Happy Poems [editor] (Faber and Faber)
* (2002) Is That The New Moon?: Poems by Women Poets [selector] (Collins)
* (2003) George Herbert: Verse and Prose [selector and introduction] (SPCK)
Question:
Poet Wendy Cope wrote ‘Making Cocoa For……’who’?
Answer:
Amis, Sir Kingsley
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
What internal organ produces insulin?
Answer:
Inferior surfaces of the pancreas
Passage:
What is the Sargasso Sea? - National Ocean Service
What is the Sargasso Sea?
Home Ocean Facts What is the Sargasso Sea?
What is the Sargasso Sea?
The Sargasso Sea, located entirely within the Atlantic Ocean, is the only sea without a land boundary.
Mats of free-floating sargassum, a common seaweed found in the Sargasso Sea, provide shelter and habitat to many animals. Image credit: University of Southern Mississippi Gulf Coast Research Laboratory.
The Sargasso Sea is a vast patch of ocean named for a genus of free-floating seaweed called Sargassum .   While there are many different types of algae found floating in the ocean all around world, the Sargasso Sea is unique in that it harbors species of sargassum that are 'holopelagi' - this means that the algae not only freely floats around the ocean, but it reproduces vegetatively on the high seas. Other seaweeds reproduce and begin life on the floor of the ocean.
Sargassum provides a home to an amazing variety of marine species. Turtles use sargassum mats as nurseries where hatchlings have food and shelter. Sargassum also provides essential habitat for shrimp, crab, fish, and other marine species that have adapted specifically to this floating algae. The Sargasso Sea is a spawning site for threatened and endangered eels, as well as white marlin, porbeagle shark, and dolphinfish. Humpback whales annually migrate through the Sargasso Sea. Commercial fish, such as tuna, and birds also migrate through the Sargasso Sea and depend on it for food.
While all other seas in the world are defined at least in part by land boundaries, the Sargasso Sea is defined only by ocean currents. It lies within the Northern Atlantic Subtropical Gyre . The Gulf Stream establishes the Sargasso Sea's western boundary, while the Sea is further defined to the north by the North Atlantic Current, to the east by the Canary Current, and to the south by the North Atlantic Equatorial Current.  Since this area  is defined by boundary currents, its borders are dynamic, correlating roughly with the Azores High Pressure Center for any particular season.
Search Our Facts
Question:
Which sea has no coast?
Answer:
Sargasso
Passage:
Mens sana in corpore sano
Mens sana in corpore sano is a Latin phrase, usually translated as "a sound mind in a sound body" or "a healthy mind in a healthy body".

In the western world, the phrase is widely used in sporting and educational contexts to express the theory that physical exercise is an important or essential part of mental and psychological well-being.

History

The phrase comes from Satire X of the Roman poet Juvenal (10.356).  It is the first in a list of what is desirable in life:

Traditional commentators believe that Juvenal's intention was to teach his fellow Roman citizens that in the main, their prayers for such things as long life are misguided. That the gods had provided man with virtues which he then lists for them.

Over time and separated from its context, the phrase has come to have a range of meanings.  It can be construed to mean that only a healthy mind can lead to a healthy body, or equally that only a healthy body can produce or sustain a healthy mind.  Its most general usage is to express the hierarchy of needs: with physical and mental health at the root.

An earlier, similar saying is attributed to the pre-Socratic philosopher Thales:

τίς εὐδαίμων, "ὁ τὸ μὲν σῶμα ὑγιής, τὴν δὲ ψυχὴν εὔπορος, τὴν δὲ φύσιν εὐπαίδευτος"
What man is happy? "He who has a healthy body, a resourceful mind and a docile nature." 

Usages

* Usage in other writings
** John Locke (1632–1704) uses the phrase in his book Some Thoughts Concerning Education.
** Heinrich von Treitschke used this phrase in his work titled The Army.  He uses the phrase to highlight a sound principle of his German nationalistic doctrine.  His work echoes the principles of late nineteenth century Prussian society.
* Usage as the motto of athletic clubs:
** Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
** Georgetown Hoyas
** R.S.C. Anderlecht
** The Turners Organization American Turners  and their local organizations like the Los Angeles turners. 
** Carlton Football Club
** Asociacion Atletica Argentinos Juniors
** The Israeli Institute of Technology athletics teams
** Mens Sana Basket
** Beale Gaelic Football Club from County Kerry
** Torrens Rowing Club
** Sydney Rowing Club
**UCLUFC
* Usage as the motto of military institutions:
** Royal Marines physical training instructors (PTI).
** Riverside Military Academy in Gainesville, Georgia
** Hargrave Military Academy in Chatham, Virginia
** Army Physical Training Corps (APTC)
** PERI (Physical Education & Recreation Instructors), which is part of the Canadian Military
* Usage as the motto of educational institutions:
**Windham High School (Ohio)
**Hiranandani Foundation School, Mumbai, India
**Rosario High School, Mangalore, India
** Teacher's College of Columbia University has this phrase engraved on its Horace Mann hall, on 120th Street in New York City
** The University College London Men's Rugby Football Club, Based out of the Bloomsbury in London
** Grant Medical College and Sir J.J. Hospital, Mumbai
** Widener University and the State University of New York at Buffalo
** The phrase appears in stone on the western facade of the HPER (School of Health, Physical Education and Recreation) at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana
** The phrase appears in stone on above the entranceway to the Athletic Center at Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick
** Dhaka Physical Education College in Dhaka, Bangladesh
** Sparta High School in Sparta, New Jersey
** Charleston Female Seminary
** Detroit Country Day School in Beverly Hills, Michigan
** Erskine Academy in South China, Maine
** Roger Bacon High School, St. Bernard, Ohio
** Bjelke-Petersen School of Physical Culture, Australia
** Bridgewater Junior Senior High School in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia
** Kongsbakken videregående skole in Tromsø, Norway
**Lakefield College School in Lakefield, Canada
** Polish Association of Sport named SOKÓŁ before World War I. Poland, Galicja in that time Austria
** The Internado Nacional Barros Arana in Santiago, Chile.
** Albert Einstein School in Cotabato (Philippines)
** Used as a line in the school song of Bangor Grammar School, in Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland.
** Used as motto for Lundsbergs skola, an elite school in Sweden.
** Used as motto for Foxcroft School, an all-girls' boarding school in Middleburg, Virginia.
** Westholme School, an independent school set on the edge of the countryside of Blackburn, England
** Loyola High School in Montreal, Canada
* Usage in other cases:
** The phrase was a favorite of Harry S. Truman former President of the United States of America.
** The sports equipment company Asics takes its name from an acronym of a variant: "anima sana in corpore sano" 'a healthy soul in a healthy body'. 
** Mensa, the High IQ Society, derives its name both from the Latin word for table, "mensa" as well as a pun on the phrase "mens sana".
** Used as the title of the television programme Holby City broadcast on 9 July 2013.
** Sound Body Sound Mind, a United States nonprofit organization (501(c)(3) that promotes self-confidence and healthy lifestyle choices among children.
** Used in a dialogue by Utpal Dutta in th movie "Agantuk" directed/screenplay by Satyajit Ray.
** Used as motto for fictional "Willowbrook Psychiatric Hospital" in television show Psych during season 7: Psych: The Musical
** Used as motto for fictional "Blackwood Pines Sanatorium" in the 2015 video game Until Dawn.
Question:
'Anima sana in corpore sano' (Latin for 'a healthy mind in a healthy body') is significant in which 1949-founded Japanese corporation's branding?
Answer:
Oasics
Passage:
Three Times a Lady
"Three Times a Lady" is a song by American soul group the Commodores, from their 1978 album Natural High. It was produced by James Anthony Carmichael and the Commodores. It was also the only Motown song to reach the Top 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100 that year and the Commodores's first Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit, topping the chart for two weeks on August 12, 1978 and also went to number one the soul chart for two weeks.   The song spent three weeks at #1 on the adult contemporary chart. 

The song also reached #1 on the Canadian RPM Singles Chart for four weeks, and was one of only a few Motown singles to reach the top spot in the UK Singles Chart, staying there for five weeks.  The song was also successful in Ireland, staying at #1 in the charts for three consecutive weeks. It was #1 in Australia for five weeks, and reached #2 in New Zealand.

The original Commodores' version of the song was included as the final track on Lionel Richie's greatest hits compilation album Back To Front, released in 1992.

In an appearance on The Early Show on June 12, 2009, Lionel Richie said he was inspired to write the song because of a comment his father made about his mother. His father said to his mother "I love you. I want you. I need you. Forever" hence the three times a lady. 

Covers

* Nate Harvell recorded one of the first country versions in 1978, reaching #23 on the Billboard country chart.
* The song was also covered in the country genre by country singer Billy "Crash" Craddock on his 1986 album Crash Craddock and in 2007 by Cobra Starship as an iTunes bonus track for their album ¡Viva La Cobra!. In 2001 it was covered by Anglo-Norwegian boy band a1 and featured on Motown Mania and as a bonus track on their hit single "No More".
* The Shadows did an instrumental of the song on Moonlight Shadows (1986).
* Kenny Rogers covered the song on After Dark.  It was also featured on his hits compilation All The Hits And All New Love Songs.  Rogers performed the song on the Barbara Mandrell and the Mandrell Sisters television show on November 29, 1980.
* The most successful cover version was performed by Conway Twitty, whose version appears on his 1983 album Lost in the Feeling. Twitty's version reached No. 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in the late winter of 1984.  Allmusic reviewer Tom Jurek wrote that "Three Times a Lady" and the previous single, "Heartache Tonight" "offer(ed) a solid view of Twitty's amazing crossover potential, and his ability to take well-known pop tracks and turn them into solid country smashes long after the countrypolitan days of Chet Atkins and RCA."  (In addition to "Heartache Tonight" (a cover of a song by The Eagles), Twitty had successfully covered "Slow Hand" and "The Rose," previously pop hits for the Pointer Sisters and Bette Midler, respectively.)
Question:
What group had their first UK hit with three times a lady ?
Answer:
Walter Orange
Passage:
Daktari
Daktari (Swahili for "doctor") is an American children's drama series that aired on CBS between 1966 and 1969. The series, an Ivan Tors Films Production in association with MGM Television, stars Marshall Thompson as Dr. Marsh Tracy, a veterinarian at the fictional Wameru Study Centre for Animal Behaviour in East Africa.

Concept

The show follows the work of Dr. Tracy, his daughter Paula (Cheryl Miller), and his staff, who frequently protected animals from poachers and local officials. Tracy's pets, a cross-eyed lion named Clarence and a chimpanzee named Judy, were also popular characters.

Daktari was based upon the 1965 film Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion, which also stars Thompson as Dr. Tracy and Miller as his daughter. The concept was developed by producer Ivan Tors, inspired by the work of Dr. Antonie Marinus Harthoorn and his wife Sue at their animal orphanage in Nairobi.  Dr. Harthoorn was a tireless campaigner for animal rights, and with his research team developed the capture gun,  used to sedate animals in order to capture them without injury.

On the series, Clarence didn't do all his own stunts; he also had a stand-in.  Leo, another Ralph Helfer-trained lion, doubled for Clarence whenever there were any trucks involved, since Clarence spooked at the sight of these vehicles. Leo even had his own makeup artist who applied cosmetic scarring like Clarence's, so that he would resemble Clarence when photographed in closeups. This was referred to in an inside joke from the preview trailer for the movie Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion, that Leo (who also appeared in the MGM logo and had a gentle temperament very similar to Clarence's) was not related to Clarence.

Another less-friendly lion, also named Leo, doubled for Clarence in some scenes. He was used only for the snarling scenes and general scenes which didn't involve proximity with humans. This Leo had come from a family in Utah. His ferocity was due largely to abuse he received from former owners who beat him badly with a stick.

In the show's final season, child star Erin Moran joined the cast as Jenny Jones, a seven-year-old orphan who becomes part of the Tracy household.

Cast

* Marshall Thompson .... Dr. Marsh Tracy
* Cheryl Miller .... Paula Tracy
* Hedley Mattingly .... District Officer Hedley
* Hari Rhodes .... Mike Makula
* Yale Summers .... Jack Dane (1966–1968)
* Ross Hagen .... Bart Jason (1968–1969)
* Erin Moran .... Jenny Jones (1968–1969)
* Judy the Chimp ....Judy
* Clarence the Lion ....Clarence

Judy the Chimp also portrayed "Debbie the Bloop" on Lost in Space.

Notable guest stars over the years included Louis Gossett Jr., Sterling Holloway, Virginia Mayo, and Paul Winfield.

Bruno the Bear also appeared as a guest star before he became the main bear playing the title role in the later Ivan Tors series, Gentle Ben.

Episodes

Production notes

Location

According to the show's closing credits, it was "filmed in Africa and Africa, U.S.A.", a 600 acre wild animal ranch created by animal trainers Ralph and Toni Helfer in Soledad Canyon 40 mi. north of  Los Angeles.  Ralph Helfer was the animal coordinator of the show. Leonard B. Kaufman, the producer, wrote in liner notes for Shelly Manne's Daktari that he shot the series on location close to a ranch once owned by Antonio Pintos father in Mozambique.  Indeed, the outdoor scenes involving the actors were shot in the Africa, U.S.A. compound in California, with footage of African landscape and animals in between to get the African look and feel. Some of the animals shown were however at odds with the location - a tiger (not native to Africa) is shown in the starting credit sequence, as well as an Indian elephant.

Other indoor and some outdoor scenes of the animal hospital were shot in Ivan Tors' studios in Florida.

Music

The show had distinctive theme and incidental music, a fusion of jazz and African influences, conducted by American jazz drummer Shelly Manne. Manne released the associated record, Daktari: Shelly Manne Performs and Conducts His Original Music for the Hit TV Show, on the Atlantic label in 1967. On the album, Mike Wofford plays a tack piano to evoke an African sound, and Manne is joined by percussionists Emil Richards, Larry Bunker, Frank Carlson, and Victor Feldman. According to the record liner notes, Manne and fellow percussionists play ankle and wrist jingles, Thai mouth organs, angklungs, ocarinas, vibraphones, tympani, and different kinds of marimbas.

Vehicles

The series featured several Land Rover four-wheel-drive cars and also a Jeep Gladiator pickup truck with an iconic zebra-striped paint job.  Corgi Toys produced a green and black zebra-striped toy version of a Land Rover, available in several different action sets.

DVD releases

Warner Bros. has released all four seasons on DVD in Region 1 via their Warner Archive Collection manufacture-on-demand series.
Question:
"What was the setting for the 1960s children's TV adventure series ""Daktari""?"
Answer:
East African vernacular languages
Passage:
Mount Kosciuszko
Mount Kosciuszko is a mountain located on the Main Range of the Snowy Mountains in Kosciuszko National Park, part of the Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves, in New South Wales, Australia and is located west of Crackenback and close to Jindabyne

With a height of 2228 m above sea level, it is the highest mountain in Australia.  Various measurements of the peak originally called Kosciuszko showed it to be slightly lower than its neighbour, Mount Townsend. The names of the mountains were swapped by the New South Wales Lands Department,  so that Mount Kosciuszko remains the name of the highest peak of Australia, and Mount Townsend ranks as second.  The 1863 picture by Eugene von Guerard hanging in the National Gallery of Australia  titled "Northeast view from the northern top of Mount Kosciusko" is actually from Mount Townsend.  

When considering all of Oceania as a continent, Mount Kosciuszko is overshadowed by Puncak Jaya in Papua, Indonesia, also called Carstensz Pyramid.  Different versions of the Seven Summits climbing challenge depend on which is chosen to be the "Australia" peak. 

Etymology

It was named by the Polish explorer Paul Edmund Strzelecki in 1840, in honour of the Polish and Belarusian national hero and hero of the American Revolutionary War General Tadeusz Kościuszko, because of its perceived resemblance to the Kościuszko Mound in Kraków.  

The name of the mountain was previously spelt "Mount Kosciusko", an Anglicisation, but the spelling "Mount Kosciuszko" was officially adopted in 1997 by the Geographical Names Board of New South Wales. The traditional English pronunciation of Kosciuszko is, but the pronunciation is now sometimes used,  which is substantially closer to the Polish pronunciation.

There are several native Aboriginal (Ngarigo) names associated with the mountain, with some confusion as to the exact sounds. These are Jagungal, Jar-gan-gil, Tar-gan-gil, Tackingal; however, all of them mean "Table Top Mountain."; cited in Alan E.J. Andrews, Kosciusko: The Mountain in History, O'Connor, A.C.T, Tabletop Press, 1991, p.50.

Reaching the summit

Mount Kosciuszko is the highest summit in Australia.  There is a road to Charlotte Pass, from which an 8 km path leads to the summit. Anyone with a modest level of fitness can walk to the top. Until 1977 it was possible to drive through Rawson Pass to within a few metres of the summit. The walking track to Mount Kosciuszko from Charlotte Pass is in fact that road, which was closed to public motor vehicle access due to environmental concerns. This track is also used by cyclists as far as Rawson Pass, where they must leave their bicycles at a bicycle rack and continue onto the summit track on foot.

The peak may also be approached from Thredbo, which is a shorter , taking 3 to 3.5 hours for a round trip. This straightforward walk is supported by a chairlift all-year round. From the top of the chairlift there is a raised mesh walkway to protect the native vegetation and prevent erosion.

Both tracks meet at Rawson Pass, at an elevation of 2100 m above sea level, from where it is about  to the summit. Australia's highest public toilet was built at this pass in 2007, to cope with the more than 100,000 people visiting the mountain each summer. 

The peak and the surrounding areas are snow-covered in winter and spring (usually beginning in June and continuing until October or later). The road from Charlotte Pass is marked by snow poles and provides a guide for cross-country skiers and the track from Thredbo is easily followed until covered by snow in winter.

Recreation 

Kosciuszko National Park is also the location of the downhill ski slopes closest to Canberra and Sydney, containing the Thredbo, Charlotte Pass, and Perisher ski resorts. Mount Kosciuszko may have been ascended by Indigenous Australians long before the first recorded ascent by Europeans.

Each year in December, an ultramarathon running race called the Coast to Kosciuszko ascends to the top of Mount Kosciuszko after starting at the coast 240 km away. Paul Every, who is credited as being the one who thought of holding such a race, was the inaugural co-winner in 2004. 

Higher Australian mountains

Higher peaks exist within territory administered or claimed by Australia, but outside the continent:
* Mawson Peak (2745 m) on Heard Island
* Dome Argus (4030 m), Mount McClintock (3490 m) and Mount Menzies (3355 m) in the Australian Antarctic Territory.

Higher peaks in the region, but outside the mainland continent:
* Puncak Jaya (4884 m) in New Guinea. It is the highest island mountain in the world, the highest mountain in Indonesia and the highest in the Australian continent and Oceania.
* Puncak Mandala (4760 m) in the Papua province of Indonesia. It is the second highest mountain of the Australian continent, Oceania, Australasia, New Guinea and Indonesia.
* Puncak Trikora (4750 m) in the Papua province of Indonesia.
* Mount Wilhelm (4509 m) in Papua New Guinea. It is the highest mountain in that country.
* Mount Victoria (4072 m) in Central Province, Papua New Guinea.
* Mount Giluwe (4368 m) a volcanic mountain in Papua New Guinea. It is the highest volcanic summit in the Australian continent.

Cultural references

Australian rock band Midnight Oil performed a song called "Kosciusko" on its 1984 album Red Sails in the Sunset, referring to the mountain. The spelling was updated to "Kosciuszko" for the group's 1997 compilation album, 20,000 Watt R.S.L.

Gallery

File:Kosciuszko01.JPG|Mount Kosciuszko from south side
File:Kosciuszko06.JPG|Mount Etheridge from south side showing high elevation toilet at Rawson Pass
File:Kosciuszko05.JPG|East side of the mountain
File:Kosciuszko02.JPG|The plate at the top
File:Kosciuszko04.JPG|The base of a survey trig marker at the top
File:Kosciuszko03.JPG|Lake Cootapatamba, the lake on the highest place in the Australian continent
File:Kosciusko06.JPG|A view from the track to Mount Kosciuszko
File:Thredbo.JPG|Thredbo from the Australian Alps Walking Track.
File:Mount Kosciuszko from the Snowy River.jpg|View of Mount Kosciuszko and the Etheridge Range from the headwaters of the Snowy River
Question:
In which Australian state is Mount Kosciusko?
Answer:
AU-NSW
Passage:
Angels Landing
Angels Landing, known earlier as the Temple of Aeolus,  is a 1488 ft tall rock formation  in Zion National Park in southern Utah. A trail, cut into solid rock in 1926, leads to the top of Angels Landing and provides a spectacular view of Zion Canyon.

Trail

The trail to Angels Landing is  long.  It begins at the Grotto drop off point on the park's shuttle system, which operates from early spring through late fall. It roughly follows the path of the Virgin River for some time, slowly gaining elevation in sandy terrain. As the trail gets steeper and leaves behind the river, it becomes paved. After a series of steep switchbacks, the trail goes through the area between Angels Landing and the Zion Canyon that is a gradual ascent. Walter's Wiggles, a series of 21 steep switchbacks, are the last hurdle before Scout Lookout. Scout Lookout is generally the turnaround point for those who are unwilling to make the final summit push to the top of Angels Landing. The last half-mile of the trail is strenuous and littered with sharp drop offs and narrow paths. Chains to grip are provided for portions of the last half-mile to the top at 5790 ft.

According to the National Park Service, "The route to Angels Landing involves travel along a steep, narrow ridge with support chains anchored intermittently along the route. Footing can be slippery even when the rock is dry. Unevenly surfaced steps are cut into the rock with major cliff dropoffs adjacent. Keep off when it is wet, icy or thunderstorms are in the area. Plan to be off before dark. Younger children should skip this trail; older children must be closely supervised." The National Park Service website officially recognizes five fatalities where suspicious activity was not involved along Angels Landing,  however other deaths have been reported.       

Gallery

File:The summit of Angels Landing.jpg| Summit of Angels Landing
File:zion angels landing view.jpg| Zion Canyon as seen from the summit of Angels Landing
File:Angel's Landing Summit.JPG|Looking toward the top of Angel's Landing
File:Angel's Landing Trail.JPG|Angel's Landing trail including chain cables
File:Zion-AngelsLandingEdge.jpg|Zion Canyon viewed from Angel's Landing, showing the immense vertical relief
File:Chains for the last 5,790 feet (1,760 m) of Angel's Landing.jpg|Chains for the last half-mile of Angel's Landing
Question:
Landmarks such as Angel's Landing, Three Patriarchs and The Great White Throne are to be found in which American National Park? '
Answer:
Ziyyon
Passage:
Kurt Waldheim
Kurt Josef Waldheim (; 21 December 1918 – 14 June 2007) was an Austrian diplomat and politician. Waldheim was the fourth Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981, and the ninth President of Austria from 1986 to 1992. While he was running for president in Austria in 1985, the revelation of his service in Salonica as an intelligence officer in the Wehrmacht during World War II, raised international controversy.

Early life and education

Waldheim was born in Sankt Andrä-Wördern, a village near Vienna, on 21 December 1918.  His father was a Roman Catholic school inspector of Czech origin named Watzlawick  (original Czech spelling Václavík) who changed his name that year as the Habsburg monarchy collapsed. Waldheim served in the Austrian Army (1936–37) and attended the Vienna Consular Academy, where he graduated in 1939. Waldheim's father was active in the Christian Social Party. Waldheim himself was politically unaffiliated during these years at the Academy. Three weeks after the German annexation of Austria in 1938, Waldheim applied for membership in the National Socialist German Students' League (NSDStB), a division of the Nazi Party.  Shortly thereafter he became a registered member of the mounted corps of the SA.

On 19 August 1944, he married Elisabeth Ritschel in Vienna; their first daughter, Lieselotte, was born the following year. A son, Gerhard, and another daughter, Christa, followed.

Military service in World War II

In early 1941, Waldheim was drafted into the Wehrmacht and posted to the Eastern Front where he served as a squad leader. In December of that year, he was wounded but he returned in 1942 to service. His service in the Wehrmacht from 1942 to 1945 was the subject of international review in 1985 and 1986. In his 1985 autobiography, he stated that he was discharged from further service at the front and, for the remainder of the war, finished his law degree at the University of Vienna, in addition to marrying in 1944. After publication, documents and witnesses came to light that revealed Waldheim’s military service continued until 1945, during which time he rose to the rank of Oberleutnant.

Service in Yugoslavia and Greece

Waldheim's functions within the staff of German Army Group E from 1942 until 1945, as determined by the International Commission of Historians,  were:
* Interpreter and liaison officer with the 5th Alpine Division (Italy) in April/May 1942, then,
* O2 officer (communications) with Kampfgruppe West in Bosnia in June/August 1942,
* Interpreter with the liaison staff attached to the Italian 9th Army in Tirana in early summer 1942,
* O1 officer in the German liaison staff with the Italian 11th Army and in the staff of the Army Group South in Greece in July/October 1943, and
* O3 officer on the staff of Army Group E in Arksali, Kosovska Mitrovica and Sarajevo from October 1943 to January/February 1945.

By 1943, Waldheim was serving in the capacity of an aide-de-camp in Army Group E which was headed by General Alexander Löhr.  In 1986, Waldheim said that he had served only as an interpreter and a clerk and had no knowledge either of reprisals against local Serb civilians or of massacres in neighboring provinces of Yugoslavia. He said that he had known about some of the things that had happened, and had been horrified, but could not see what else he could have done.

Much historical interest has centered on Waldheim's role in Operation Kozara in 1942.  According to one post-war investigator, prisoners were routinely shot within only a few hundred meters (yards) of Waldheim's office,  and just 35 km}} away at the Jasenovac concentration camp. Waldheim later stated that "he did not know about the murder of civilians there".

Waldheim's name appears on the Wehrmacht
Question:
Kurt Waldheim, U Thant, Trygvie Lie and Boutros Boutros Ghali have all held which post?
Answer:
UNSG
Passage:
Arthur Askey - Wolverhampton History & Heritage Website
Arthur Askey
Arthur Askey
Arthur was born in Liverpool in 1900 and joined a touring concert party in  1924. Two years later, and for the next four years he became one of Fred  Wilton's Entertainers at the Oval, Cliftonville. He started to make a name for  himself in 1930 when he appeared with Powis Pinder's 'Sunshine'. In 1937 he  compered 'The Coronation Revue' with Sir George Robey and in 1938 he became a  household name when he starred with Richard Murdock in radio's 'Bandwaggon'. The  first show was broadcast on 5th January 1938 and the show ran for three series,  until 2nd December 1939. Askey and Murdoch provided the comedy which soon came  to dominate the show. Many sketches featured them sharing a top floor flat in  Broadcasting House along with Lewis the goat and several pigeons. Bandwaggon was  the first radio show to popularise catchphrases, which were repeated until they  caught on with the listeners. Arthur's catchphrases included 'Big hearted Arthur  that's me', 'Hello playmates', 'Ah happy days' and 'Ay thang yew'. There was  also a film version of Bandwaggon released in 1939 by Gainsborough. The plot  involved Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch running a pirate TV station in a  ghostly castle and rounding up a gang of spies. A special edition of 'Bandwaggon' called 'Jubilee Show' to celebrate the Silver Jubilee of the BBC was broadcast  on 13th November 1947.
During 'Bandwaggon' Arthur Askey's career developed rapidly. He appeared in a  number of films and stage shows and became known for his silly songs such as 'The Bee Song'. Arthur also appeared in the Royal Variety Shows of 1946, 1948  and 1978.
He was always extremely popular and was well known as a pantomime dame. His  daughter, Anthea became an actress and she specialised in pantomime. Arthur's  trademark was his spectacles and he was known as 'Big Hearted Arthur'. He died  in 1982.
Question:
Which comedian/entertainer was known as Bighearted Arthur?
Answer:
Arthur Askey
Passage:
I Never Forget a Face, But I’ll Make an Exception in Your ...
I Never Forget a Face, But I’ll Make an Exception in Your Case | Quote Investigator
I Never Forget a Face, But I’ll Make an Exception in Your Case
Groucho Marx? Alan Gale? Anonymous?
Dear Quote Investigator: When I am at a party I sometimes have trouble recalling the name of a person I have met before. But my recalcitrant memory has no difficulty remembering the line credited to Groucho Marx:
I never forget a face, but in your case I’d be glad to make an exception.
When I performed a search I found some other versions:
I never forget a face, but I’ll make an exception in your case.
I never forget a face—but I’m willing to make an exception in your case.
Is this a genuine Groucho joke or is it just a quip with a fake nose and glasses?
Quote Investigator: The earliest evidence known to QI all points to Groucho Marx as creator of this jape. The February 13, 1937 issue of “The Literary Digest” published a piece about psychology and memory. Conventional advice givers have emphasized the desirability of memorization, but this article accentuated the practice of forgetting. The author mentioned the now classic joke credited to Groucho: 1
It’s the art of forgetting; and all it amounts to, really, is the reverse English of memory. In fact, some psychologists find it as important as the art of memory.
Groucho Marx facetiously shows how effective it can be in his gag: “I never forget a face — but I’m going to make an exception in your case!”
A few days later, a columnist named E. V. Durling in the Washington Post presented the same joke with a variant wording and an ascription to Groucho. This citation was listed in the key reference “The Yale Book of Quotations”: 2 3
Groucho Marx. My nomination for Public Wisecracker No. 1. When and where was it Groucho said to somebody. “I never forget a face—but I’m going to make an exception in your case.”
Here are additional selected citations in chronological order.
The May 1941 issue of the mass-circulation Reader’s Digest printed a more elaborate version of the joke supplied by a contributing writer named Hugh Pentecost. The context was specified and two lines of dialog were given: 4
A celebrity hound approached Groucho Marx at a party. “You remember me, Mr. Marx. We met at the Glynthwaites’ some months ago.”
“I never forget a face,” Groucho replied, “but I’ll make an exception in your case.”
In 1941 and 1942 the Reader’s Digest version of the anecdote was disseminated further in the “Thesaurus of Anecdotes” edited by Edmund Fuller 5 and in newspapers such as the Lime Springs Herald of Iowa. 6
In 1944 the quotation collector Bennett Cerf reminisced in the pages of “The Saturday Review” about past shows by the Marx Brothers: 7
The funniest lines usually fell to Groucho. He revived on the radio the other night his “I never forget a face—but I’m willing to make an exception in your case.”
In 1946 the comedian Joey Adams published “From Gags to Riches” which included a version of the quip that remarkably was credited to someone who was not Groucho: 8
Alan Gale lets them have it with, “I never forget a face, but in your case I’ll make an exception.”
In 1949 Life magazine described remarks made by Groucho during his popular radio show “You Bet Your Life”. These lines were clearly reprised from his collection of past zingers: 9
The insults are direct and paralyzing. To a tongue-tied contestant he muttered, “Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.” To another he said thoughtfully, “I never forget a face, but in your case I am going to make an exception.”
In conclusion, QI believes that Groucho Marx coined this joke and popularized it. He received the earliest set of attributions and there was no strong rival. He also seems to have used the quip on multiple occasions. There was no fixed phrasing for the quotation, but the core joke was invariant.
Notes:
1937 February 13, The Literary Digest, Psychology: Art of Forgetting: Magic Formula, Page 29, Funk & Wagnalls Company, New York. (Unz) ↩
1937 February 16, Los Angeles Times, On the Side with E. V. Durling, Page A1, Los Angeles, (ProQuest) ↩
2006, The Yale Book of Quotations by Fred R. Shapiro, Section Julius Henry ‘Groucho’ Marx, Quote Page 498, Yale University Press, New Haven. (Verified on paper) ↩
1941 May, Reader’s Digest, Volume 38, Party Chatter, Quote Page 66, Column 2, The Reader’s Digest Association. (Verified on paper) ↩
1942, Thesaurus of Anecdotes, Edited by Edmund Fuller, Section: Rudeness, Quote Page 90, Crown Publishers, New York. (Verified on paper) ↩
1941 April 24, Lime Springs Herald, Under the Co-Co by M.N.X., Quote Page 1, Column 5, Lime Springs, Iowa. (GenealogyBank) ↩
1944 April 1, The Saturday Review, Trade Winds by Bennett Cerf, Start Page 18, Quote Page 18, Saturday Review Associates, Inc., New York. (Unz) ↩
1946, From Gags to Riches by Joey Adams, Quote Page 111, Frederick Fell Inc., New York. (Verified on paper) ↩
1949 Nov 21, Life, Groucho’s Garland of Gags, Quote Page 139, Time Inc., New York. (Google Books full view) ↩
Question:
Who said `I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception`?
Answer:
I don't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member
Passage:
Banns of marriage - definition of Banns of marriage by The ...
Banns of marriage - definition of Banns of marriage by The Free Dictionary
Banns of marriage - definition of Banns of marriage by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Banns+of+marriage
Also found in: Thesaurus , Legal , Wikipedia .
banns
pl.n.
An announcement, especially in a church, of an intended marriage.
[Middle English banes, pl. of ban, proclamation, from Old English gebann and from Old French ban (of Germanic origin; see bhā-2 in the Appendix of Indo-European roots).]
banns
bans
pl n
1. (Ecclesiastical Terms) the public declaration of an intended marriage, usually formally announced on three successive Sundays in the parish churches of both the betrothed
2. (Ecclesiastical Terms) forbid the banns to raise an objection to a marriage announced in this way
[C14: plural of bann proclamation; see ban1]
banns
Question:
What is the public declaration, usually in a church, of an intended marriage?
Answer:
Marriage Banns
Passage:
Mirin
is an essential condiment used in Japanese cuisine.  It is a type of rice wine similar to sake, but with a lower alcohol content and higher sugar content.  The sugar content is a complex carbohydrate formed naturally via the fermentation process; it is not refined sugar. The alcohol content is further lowered when the liquid is heated.

There are three general types of mirin. The first is hon mirin (literally: true mirin),  which contains approximately 14% alcohol and is  produced by a forty- to sixty-day mashing (saccharification) process.   The second is shio mirin, which contains alcohol as low as 1.5% to avoid alcohol tax.  The third is shin mirin (literally: new mirin),  or mirin-fu chomiryo (literally: mirin-like seasoning), which contains less than 1% alcohol yet retains the same flavor.

In the Edo period, mirin was consumed as Amazake.  Otoso, traditionally consumed on Shōgatsu, can be made by soaking a spice mixture in mirin. 

In the Kansai style of cooking, mirin is briefly boiled before using, to allow some of the alcohol to evaporate, while in the Kantō regional style, the mirin is used untreated. Kansai-style boiled mirin is called nikiri mirin ()  (literally: thoroughly boiled mirin).

Mirin is used to add a bright touch to grilled (broiled) fish or to erase the fishy smell. A small amount is often used instead of sugar and soy sauce. It should not be used in excess, however, as its flavor is quite strong. It is sometimes used to accompany sushi. Mirin is used in teriyaki sauce. 

November 30 has been designated the Day of hon-mirin by the mirin industry because in Japanese wordplay the date words sound like '11' (, good) and '30' (, mirin).
Question:
Mirin is a type of wine used for flavouring the cuisine of which country?
Answer:
日本國
Passage:
Toubkal
Toubkal or Tubkal (Berber: ⵜⵓⴱⴽⴰⵍ, Tubkal, or ⵜⵓⴱⵇⴰⵍ, Tubqal; ) is a mountain peak in southwestern Morocco, located in the Toubkal National Park. At 4167 m, it is the highest peak in the Atlas Mountains and in North Africa. It is an ultra prominent peak located 63 km south of the city of Marrakesh, and is a popular destination for climbers.

Tourism

The first ascent by Europeans was on 12 June 1923 by the Marquis de Segonzac, Vincent Berger and Hubert Dolbeau, but the mountain may have been climbed before that date.Robin G. Collomb, Atlas Mountains, Goring: West Col, 1980

Trekkers usually approach the mountain from the road-end village of Imlil. Qualified guides can be hired, as well as porters, to carry equipment and food supplies higher into the mountains. For experienced mountaineers, guides are not required for the normal route, as it is a moderate hike and orientation is not a problem.

The normal route starts with an easy walk to the village of Aroumd. Past Aroumd a floodplain is crossed and the route follows the left slope of the valley southwards. The valley bends to the east to the tiny settlement of Sidi Chamharouch, which has grown around a Muslim shrine. At Sidi Chamharouch, the path leads over the stream and runs steeply uphill to the right side of the Isougouane valley, which leads to two stone-built refuges (old Neltner Refuge and new Refuge du Toubkal) that are often used as base camp at 3207 m. It is possible to buy good meals in the Refuge du Toubkal. Tents can be pitched near the refuges for a small charge.

From that point a path crosses the stream, climbs a steep scree slope to the east and enters a valley (corrie), then climbs another steep slope to reach a col (Tizi'n'Toubkal at 3,940m). At the col the route turns left (northwards) to the summit ridge of Jbel Toubkal. The 4,167m summit is crowned with a curious pyramidal metal frame and views take in most of the Atlas and Little Atlas Mountains.

The ascent during the summer (from May) is non-technical yet moderately difficult, only complicated by steep and slippery scree slopes and altitude sickness. Sturdy boots and proper (windproof) clothing are required, and trekking poles are helpful on the scree. An ice-axe may be needed on the remaining snowfields in the early summer. The ascent during the end of the winter and spring (February/March) is more difficult. Crampons are necessary to ascend through the snow and - in some cases - ice.

It is possible to climb the mountain in two days - first day up to the refuge (around seven hours), second day to the summit (around five hours) and back to Imlil (up to five hours).

In summer the mountains can be very dry, but are sometimes subject to storms. Although the temperature should remain above zero during the day, freezing conditions are possible over 3,500m. In winter the mountains are covered in snow and ice, and can be prone to avalanches. Skiing is possible as the snow can lie to considerable depth and cover many rocky slopes. Information about state of the route can be obtained at Marrakech tourist offices or at Imlil.
Question:
Which mountain range stretches for 1600 miles and has Mount Toubkal as its highest point at 13,671 feet?
Answer:
Atlases
Passage:
Difference between CD,DVD,BLUE RAY DISC's - zh.scribd.com
Difference between CD,DVD,BLUE RAY DISC's
CD
Physical details
A CD is made from 1.2 mm thick (.047 inches), almost-pure polycarbonate plastic and weighs 15– 20 grams.From the center outward, components are: the center (spindle) hole, the first-transition area(clamping ring), the clamping area (stacking ring), the second-transition area (mirror band), theinformation (data) area, and the rim.A thin layer of aluminum or, more rarely, gold is applied to the surface making it reflective. The metal isprotected by a film of lacquer normally spin coated directly on the reflective layer. The label is printed onthe lacquer layer. Common printing methods for CDs are screen-printing and offset printing . CD data are stored as a series of tiny indentations known as "
pits
", encoded in a spiral track molded intothe top of the polycarbonate layer. The areas between pits are known as "lands". Each pit is approximately100 nm deep by 500 nm wide, and varies from 850 nm to 3.5 µm in length. The distance between the tracks, the pitch, is 1.6 µm. A CD is read by focusing a780 nm wavelength ( near infrared ) semiconductor laser  through the bottom of the polycarbonate layer. The change in height between pits (actually ridges as seen by the laser) and lands results in a difference inintensity in the light reflected. By measuring the intensity change with a photodiode, the data can be readfrom the disc.The pits and lands themselves do not directly represent the zeros and ones of  binary data . Instead ,Non- return-to-zero, inverted (NRZI) encoding is used: a change from pit to land or land to pit indicates a one,while no change indicates a series of zeros. There must be at least two and no more than ten zeros betweeneach one, which is defined by the length of the pit. This in turn is decoded by reversing the eight-to- fourteen modulation used in mastering the disc, and then reversing the Cross-Interleaved Reed-Solomon   Coding, finally revealing the raw data stored on the disc.CDs are susceptible to damage from both normal use and environmental exposure. Pits are much closer tothe label side of a disc, enabling defects and contaminants on the clear side to be out of focus duringplayback. Consequently, CDs are more likely to suffer damage on the label side of the disk. Scratches onthe clear side can be repaired by refilling them with similar refractive plastic, or by careful polishing.
Diagram of CD layers.
A. A polycarbonate disc layer has the data encoded by using bumps.B. A shiny layer reflects the laser.C. A layer of lacquer helps keep the shiny layer shiny.D. Artwork is screen printed on the top of the disc.E. A laser beam reads the CD and is reflected back to a sensor, which converts it intoelectronic data
 
Disc shapes and diameters
The digital data on a CD begins at the center of the disc andproceeds toward the edge, which allows adaptation to the differentsize formats available. Standard CDs are available in two sizes. Byfar, the most common is 120 mm in diameter, with a 74- or 80-minute audio capacity and a 650 or 700 MB data capacity. This diameter has been adopted by subsequent formats, including Super Audio   CD , DVD, HD DVD , and Blu-ray Disc . 80 mm discs (" Mini CDs ") were originally designed for  CD singles and can hold up to 24 minutes of music or 210 MB of data but never became popular. Today,nearly every single is released on a 120 mm CD, called a Maxi single .Novelty CDs are also available in numerous shapes and sizes, and are used chiefly for marketing. Acommon variant is the "business card" CD, a single with portions removed at the top and bottom makingthe disk resemble a business card.
Understanding the CD: The Spiral
A CD has a single spiral track of data, circling from the inside of the disc to the outside. The fact that the spiral track starts at thecenter means that the CD can be smaller than 4.8 inches (12 cm) if desired, and in fact there are now plastic baseball cards and
 
Physical sizeAudioCapacityCD-ROM DataCapacityNote
12 cm 74–99 min 650–870   MB Standard size 8 cm 21–24 min 185–210 MB Mini-CD size85x54 mm -86x64 mm~6 min 10-65 MB"Business card"size
 
business cards that you can put in a CD player. CD business cards hold about 2 MB of data before the sizeand shape of the card cuts off the spiral.What the picture on the right does not even begin to impress upon you is how incredibly small the datatrack is -- it is approximately 0.5 microns wide, with 1.6 microns separating one track from the next. (Amicron is a millionth of a meter.) And the bumps are even more miniscule.
Understanding the CD: Bumps
The elongated bumps that make up the track are each 0.5 microns wide, a minimum of 0.83 microns longand 125 nanometers high. (A nanometer is a billionth of a meter.) Looking through the polycarbonatelayer at the bumps, they look something like this:You will often read about "pits" on a CD instead of bumps. They appear as pits on the aluminum side, buton the side the laser reads from, they are bumps.The incredibly small dimensions of the bumps make the spiral track on a CD extremely long. If you couldlift the data track off a CD and stretch it out into a straight line, it would be 0.5 microns wide and almost3.5 miles (5 km) long!
CD player Components
The CD player has the job of finding and reading the data stored as bumps on the CD. Considering howsmall the bumps are, the CD player is an exceptionally precise piece of equipment. The drive consists of three fundamental components:
•
Question:
What four words appear on the rectangual logo molded into most plastic CD cases?
Answer:
Compact Disk Digital Audio
Passage:
Custard Factory
The Custard Factory is an independent shopping destination and creative and digital business workspace location in Digbeth Birmingham, England ().

Located on the site of what was the Bird's Custard factory in the industrial district of Digbeth, it is now home to a thriving working community of creative & digital businesses, independent shops and cafes and bars. They include hundreds of small and medium-sized businesses and some larger ones like Asos.  The project was set up by Bennie Gray in 1992 and substantially expanded by his son Lucan Gray, who owns and runs the project.

Development

The Custard Factory complex is set in fifteen acres (60,000 m²) of factory buildings, originally constructed by Sir Alfred Frederick Bird (1849–1922), the son of Alfred Bird (1811–1878), the inventor of egg-free instant custard. The architectural firm commissioned to design the building was Hamblins. The architect may have been Augustus William Brenchley Macer-Wright who married Ellen Kate Hamblin, known as Jenny, who was the daughter of the man behind the Architect Firm's name. There is no positive evidence in Birmingham City Archive. At one time, a thousand people worked there.

After the Bird company's departure to Banbury in 1964, the buildings were redeveloped from 1992, in two initial phases. The architect for the redevelopment project was Birmingham-based Glenn Howells Architects. The redevelopment of the Custard Factory began in January 1992 when the project was given £800,000 as a City Grant Award. This public sector funding levered in £1.6 million of private sector investment for the refurbishment of 100000 sqft of redundant buildings, providing 145 units for use by artists, designers and communicators. The first phase created around 300 jobs, half of which were previously unemployed. By the completion of the Custard Factory project, it is anticipated that a total of 1,000 jobs will be created. 

Phase one consisted of the refurbishment of Scott House which is now home to a community of hundreds of media companies, artists and small creative enterprises. The loading bay was turned into a lake around which the developers installed around 200 studio workshops above the ground floor - plus on the ground floor a café, meeting rooms, dance studios, holistic therapy rooms, art display cases in the foyer and a larger gallery space called "The Gallery" at the rear, a record and clothes shop, sculpture (a huge iron dragon crawls up the exterior of the Medicine Bar), and fountains within a central pool area which is sometimes emptied to allow for dance music events. The Medicine Bar and Kitchen have provided a stage for many musicians, DJs and rappers. A 220-seat theatre was also provided, inspired by the Custard Factory Theatrical Company who first asked for space at the Custard Factory before the project commenced. 

Phase two - originally named 'The Greenhouse', but now 'Gibb Square' after the Gibb Street location - was completed opposite the Custard Factory in 2002. It focuses on new media and media businesses. It includes a hundred studio/offices, a ring of poolside shops, galleries and restaurants plus the Green Man, a 40 ft high sculpture by Tawny Gray - a huge structure made from vegetation and stone, standing next to a large water feature and overlooking the alleyway that divides the Custard Factory from the Gibb Square development.

Zellig

In March 2007, the regional development agency, Advantage West Midlands, announced new funding for the Custard Factory of £9.6m, to open 100 new office and workspace units. The result was Zellig (former Devonshire House), a restored grade II listed building, featuring a new sculpture, the Deluge, by sculptress [http://www.steelsculpt.com Toin Adams] and opened in May 2010.

Co-located media training

The presence of the Custard Factory has enticed two media training agencies to locate nearby. The old Trades Union Studies Centre, very near, is now a media and arts annexe of South Birmingham College with a new building alongside it. In 2005, the VIVID media centre moved from the Jewellery Quarter to a site very near the Custard Factory.

About 800 yd away from the Factory is the new "Progress Works" complex, opened in 2005 as part of the Custard Factory quarter, on Heath Mill Lane. "The Bond" complex is also a short walk away.

Three-quarters of a mile north is BIAD, the largest British university art & design teaching and research centre outside London.

Nearby entertainment and shopping locations

Many different events take place at the Custard Factory, from music nights to theatre, poetry readings and storytelling. Located nearby are two renowned music venues, The Institute (formerly The Sanctuary) and AIR, home to and owned by Godskitchen the trance superclub. The Custard Factory is close to the Old Crown pub, a half-timbered building dating from the 14th century, Birmingham Coach Station, and the Bull Ring which is Birmingham's main shopping centre, with its landmark Selfridges building. The Custard Factory itself boasts its own retail section home to many independent stores.

Occupants

Notable past and current occupants include:

*Fused Magazine
*Cartoonist Alex Hughes
*Maverick Television
*North One Television
*[http://www.oneresult.co.uk/ One Result Media]
*Punch Records
*Rhubarb Radio
*The Gadget Show
*Ocean Colour Scene
*ASOS.com
*Microsoft Rare
*CV Bay Ltd
*Codemasters
*Yanimation
Question:
In which English city is the arts and media centre called The Custard Factory
Answer:
County Borough of Birmingham
Passage:
10 Admiral Grove
10 Admiral Grove, a property in Dingle, Liverpool, England, is the house in which Ringo Starr lived for twenty years before he rose to fame with the Beatles.

Starr's infant school, St Silas Primary School, on Pengwern Street, was yards away from his front door. He was a sickly child and due to his many absences from school, was taught to read and write at home. A severe bout of peritonitis led him to spend much of his seventh year at the Royal Children’s Hospital. When Starr was 13 his mother Elsie married a Londoner, Harry Graves. The Starkey’s local pub, The Empress, where Elsie was a barmaid, adjoins Admiral Grove.  The pub was immortalised in 1970 by being featured on the front cover of Starr's first solo album Sentimental Journey.  During "Beatlemania", the documentary, The Mersey Sound, filmed by BBC producer Don Haworth, showed Starr being mobbed by fans on Admiral Grove as he made his way to George Harrison's open-top sports car.

Birthplace in  Madryn Street

On 7 July 1940, Starr (then known as Richard Starkey) was born at 9 Madryn Street in the Liverpool neighbourhood known as the Dingle. The neighbourhood was damaged by German bombing during World War II. His father, also Richard, and mother Elsie Starkey, rented a house at 9 Madryn Street for 10 shillings (£0.50) a week. His parents separated when Starr was three years old, and Elsie and her son moved to the smaller, less expensive two up, two down house at 10 Admiral Grove, which remained Starr's home until 1963 when he became famous. 

In 2010, it was announced that Starr's Madryn Street birthplace was to be demolished.  Local groups called for its preservation, and the city had to board up the house due to relic hunters stealing bricks. An online petition demanding that the house be preserved by the National Trust collected nearly 4000 signatures.  In 2012 Housing Minister Grant Shapps confirmed that the house would be saved from demolition.  In January 2013 it was announced that local residents had backed a development plan that would include restoration of 9 Madryn Street.  However, the Department for Communities and Local Government announced in September 2013 that it would hold a public inquiry into the plans. 

In The Beatles Anthology, Starr is quoted, "I don’t remember the inside of our house in Madryn Street".  However, he does remember his grandparents' house, which was also in Madryn Street. 

Legacy

Elsie and Harry were persuaded to leave Admiral Grove for a house Starr had bought them in the Gateacre neighbourhood of Liverpool. Starr would pay homage to both his Madryn Street and Admiral Grove addresses in his 2008 song "Liverpool 8".
Question:
Which musician lived at 9 Madryn Street Liverpool?
Answer:
RINGO
Passage:
Phobias, Fears, and Manias C-G | WyzAnt Resources
Phobias, Fears, and Manias C-G | Wyzant Resources
An Excess of Phobias and Manias, C-G
Cynophobia/kynophobia: Also, fear of dogs.
epistemophobia, gnosiophobia, sophophobia: fear of knowledge.
Ethnomania: Extreme enthusiasm for racial autonomy.
felinophobia: An abnormal fear or dread of cats; often with some justification.
The scenes described here represent an actual attack by a cat on a postal-delivery woman                 in Germany; whenever she tried to deliver the mail. According to a German TV presentation,                 the cats owner was sitting in his home with his phobic cat on his lap and                 as a visiting postal-woman tried to pet the cat, it responded by violently striking                 out at her. Did the cat resent an invaison of its territory or did it simply have                 an abnormal hatred for uniforms?
Whatever the reason for the cats behavior, its owner had to pick up his mail                 at a neighborhood bar because he refused to restrict the freedom of his cat to come                 and go whenever it desired.
gallophobia: An excessive fear of France or anything having to do with France                 including its language and culture.
Foreign relations are like human relations.
They are endless.
The solution of one problem usually leads to another.
-James Reston
gametophobia, gamophobia: An exaggerated fear of being married.
gamomania, gamonomania: 1. A morbid desire to get married which may include             polygamy. 2. A form of insanity characterized by extravagant or outrageous proposals             of marriage.
To marry once is a duty, twice a folly, thrice is madness.
-Dutch Proverb
God help the man who won&#146t marry until he finds a perfect woman,
and God help him even more if he finds her.
-Benjamin Tillett
gatophobia: An irrational dread of cats.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie
is that a cat has only nine lives.
-Mark Twain
Question:
Gametophobia is an informal term for the irrational fear of?
Answer:
Marraige
