Passage:
Graham Seed
Graham Seed (born 12 July 1950 in London) is an English actor.

Education

Seed was educated at Charterhouse School, a boarding independent school in the market town of Godalming in Surrey, followed by RADA in London.

Life and career

Seed is best known for his role playing Nigel Pargetter in the BBC radio series The Archers from 1983 until January 2011, although actor Nigel Carrington briefly played the role when Graham Seed took a break in the late 1980s.  In addition to The Archers, Seed has appeared in the TV soap operas Brookside (1995–97, as Dick Thornton), Coronation Street (1981, as a solicitor) and Crossroads (1985–88, as Charlie Mycroft).  

Seed's roles include the adult Britannicus, son of the emperor Claudius in the BBC adaptation of Robert Graves, I, Claudius (1976), Harrop in William Boyd's Channel 4 Film Good and Bad at Games (1983) and Jorkins in the first episode "Et in Arcadia ego" of the  ITV television adaptation of Brideshead Revisited (1981). He also appeared in Edward VII (1975), Bergerac (1981), C.A.B. (1986) Midsomer Murders (2009)  and Wild Target (2010).

Among Seed's close friends is the novelist Mavis Cheek. 

Personal life 

Seed married his long-time partner, the theatre producer and actress Denise Silvey,  on 9 January 2013.
Question:
Graham Seed played which character in 'The Archers' for almost thirty years?
Answer:
NIGEL PARGETTER
Passage:
Toucan
Toucans are members of the family Ramphastidae of near passerine birds from the Neotropics. The Ramphastidae family is most closely related to the American barbets. They are brightly marked and have large often-colorful bills. The family includes five genera and about forty different species. The name of this bird group is derived from the Tupi word  tukana, via Portuguese.  The family includes toucans, aracaris and toucanets; more distant relatives include various families of barbets and woodpeckers in the suborder Pici.

Morphology

Toucans range in size from the lettered aracari (Pteroglossus inscriptus), at 130 g (4.6 oz) and 29 cm (11.5 inches), to the toco toucan (Ramphastos toco), at 680 g (1.5 lb) and 63 cm (29 inches). Their bodies are short (of comparable size to a crow's) and compact. The tail is rounded and varies in length, from half the length to the whole length of the body. The neck is short and thick. The wings are small, as they are forest-dwelling birds who only need to travel short distances, and are often of about the same span as the bill-tip-to-tail-tip measurements of the bird.

The legs of the toucan are strong and rather short. Their toes are arranged in pairs with the first and fourth toes turned backward. The majority of toucans do not show any sexual dimorphism in their coloration, the genus Selenidera being the most notable exception to this rule (hence their common name, "dichromatic toucanets"). However, the bills of female toucans are usually shorter, deeper and sometimes straighter, giving more of a "blocky" impression compared to male bills. The feathers in the genus containing the largest toucans are generally black, with touches of white, yellow, and scarlet. The underparts of the araçaris (smaller toucans) are yellow, crossed by one or more black or red bands. The toucanets have mostly green plumage with blue markings.

The colorful and large bill, which in some large species measures more than half the length of the body, is the hallmark of toucans. Despite its size, the toucan's bill is very light, being composed of bone struts filled with spongy tissue of keratin  between them. The bill has forward-facing serrations resembling teeth, which historically led naturalists to believe that toucans captured fish and were primarily carnivorous; today it is known that they eat mostly fruit. Researchers have discovered that the large bill of the toucan is a highly efficient thermoregulation system, though its size may still be advantageous in other ways.   It does aid in their feeding behavior (as they sit in one spot and reach for all fruit in range, thereby reducing energy expenditure), and it has also been theorized that the bill may intimidate smaller birds, so that the toucan may plunder nests undisturbed (see Diet below). Also, the beak allows the bird to reach deep into tree-holes to access food unavailable to other birds, and also to ransack suspended nests built by smaller birds. However, as there is no sexual dimorphism in coloration it is unlikely to be a sexual signal.

A toucan's tongue is long (up to 14–15 cm, or 6 inches), narrow, grey, and singularly frayed on each side, adding to its sensitivity as an organ of taste.

A structural complex probably unique to toucans involves the modification of several tail vertebrae.  The rear three vertebrae are fused and attached to the spine by a ball and socket joint. Because of this, toucans may snap their tail forward until it touches the head.   This is the posture in which they sleep, often appearing simply as a ball of feathers, with the tip of the tail sticking out over the head.

Habitat 

Toucans are native to Southern Mexico, Central America, the northern part of South America, and the Caribbean region. They generally live in tropical and sub-tropical regions.

Toucans are arboreal and typically lay 2–21 white eggs in their nests. They make their nests in tree hollows and holes excavated by other animals such as woodpeckers—the toucan bill has very limited use as an excavation tool. When the eggs hatch, the young emerge completely naked, without any down.  Toucans are resident breeders and do not migrate. Toucans are usually found in pairs or small flocks.  They sometimes fence with their bills and wrestle, which scientists hypothesize they do to establish dominance hierarchies.

Diet 

Toucans are primarily frugivorous (fruit eating), but are opportunistically omnivorous and will take prey such as insects and small lizards.   Captive toucans have been reported to hunt insects actively in their cages, and it is possible to keep toucans on an insect-only diet. They also plunder nests of smaller birds, taking eggs and nestlings.Nadkarni, Nalini M. ; Wheelwright, Nathaniel T. (Editors). Monteverde: Ecology and Conservation of a Tropical Cloud Forest. Publisher: Oxford University Press, 2000. ISBN 978-0-19-513310-3  This probably provides a crucial addition of protein to their diet. Certainly, apart from being systematically predatory as well as frugivorous, like many omnivorous birds, they particularly prefer animal food for feeding their chicks.Short, Lester; Horne, Jennifer. Toucans, Barbets and Honeyguides. Publisher: Oxford University Press 2002. ISBN 978-0-19-854666-5 However, in their range, toucans are the dominant frugivores, and as such, play an extremely important ecological role as vectors for seed dispersal of fruiting trees. 

Systematic list

* Genus Aulacorhynchus—green toucanets (6–15 species, depending on taxonomy)
* Genus Selenidera—dichromatic toucanets (6 species)
* Genus Andigena—mountain toucans (4 species) 
* Genus Pteroglossus—araçaris (14 species, incl. saffron toucanet)
* Genus Ramphastos—typical toucans (about 12 species)

In popular culture

The mascot of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party is a blue and yellow colored toucan; party members are called tucanos for this reason.

The Toucan Tecs was a 1992 UK Television cartoon, broadcast on CiTV, about two detective toucans named Zippi and Zac.

The constellation Tucana, containing most of the Small Magellanic Cloud, is named after the toucan.

The mascot of the Kellogg's brand cereal Froot Loops is Toucan Sam.

Two toucans appear in the animated film Rio.

During the 1930s and 1940s Guinness (beer) advertising often featured a toucan.
Question:
The Tocantino River (the name means Toucan's Beak) runs for 2640 km from South to North in which country?
Answer:
Brazil
Passage:
Steve Young Biography (Football Player) - Infoplease
Steve Young Biography (Football Player)
Birthplace: Salt Lake City, Utah
Best known as: Quarterback of the San Francisco 49ers
Steve Young played quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers for 13 years, 1987-99, taking the starting job from highly popular quarterback Joe Montana in 1991.   Young was named the NFL's most valuable player in 1992 and 1994, and in 1995 the 49ers won Super Bowl XXIX.   At the start of his career Young played two seasons (1984-85) with the Los Angeles Express of the now-defunct United States Football League, then spent two seasons with the NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers before being traded to San Francisco.  Young was left-handed, a rarity among pro quarterbacks.  He retired after the 1999 season.
Extra credit:
Young was inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame on 7 August 2005… Young is a great-great-great-grandson of Mormon leader Brigham Young .
Copyright © 1998-2017   by Who2?, LLC. All rights reserved.
Question:
Who was the famous great-great-grandfather of San Francisco 49er quarterback Steve Young?
Answer:
Mormon leader Brigham Young
Passage:
Opsimath
An opsimath is a person who begins, or continues, to study or learn late in life.  The word is derived from the Greek ὀψέ (opsé), meaning 'late' and μανθάνω (manthánō), meaning 'learn'. 

Opsimathy was once frowned upon, used as a put-down with implications of laziness,  and considered less effective by educators than early learning.  The emergence of "opsimath clubs"  has demonstrated that opsimathy has shed much of this negative connotation,  and that this approach may, in fact, be desirable. 

Notable opsimaths include the fictitious character Sir Henry Rawlinson, Grandma Moses, mathematician Paul Erdős (who published papers until his death at age 83), and Cato the Elder, who learned Greek only at the age of 80.
Question:
An opsimath is a person who begins to do what later in life?
Answer:
Study
