Passage:
Clun Forest
Clun Forest is a remote, rural area of open pastures, moorland and mixed deciduous/coniferous woodland in the southwest part of the English county of Shropshire and also just over the border into Powys, Wales.

It was once a large forest covering an area that stretched from Ludlow up the Clun Valley. It now is only forested in some wooded areas, such as Radnor Wood, though a fairly large area of forest exists on the Wales–England border north of Anchor (the planted Ceri Forest).

The ancient Offa's Dyke runs north-south through the area (and can be walked by the Offa's Dyke Path).

It is a deanery of the Church of England's Diocese of Hereford. 

A Shropshire Lad 

A. E. Housman wrote as part of his series of poems A Shropshire Lad:

    "In valleys of springs of rivers      
       By Ony and Teme and Clun,          
    The country for easy livers,          
       The quietest under the sun...

    'Tis a long way further than Knighton,
       A quieter place than Clun,         
    Where doomsday may thunder and lighten
       And little 'twill matter to one."
Question:
Clun Forest lies in which English county?
Answer:
Salopia
Passage:
Rollmops
Rollmops () are pickled herring fillets, rolled into a cylindrical shape, often around a savoury filling.

Presentation

The filling is usually slices of pickled gherkin, or green olive with pimento.  Rollmops can be served held together with one or two small wooden skewers.

Rollmops are usually bought ready-to-eat, in jars or tubs. The marinade additionally contains water, white vinegar, and salt; it may also contain sugar or other sweetening agents, onion rings, peppercorns and mustard seeds. Rollmops can be eaten cold, without unrolling, or on bread. After the jar has been opened, they will usually keep for two to three weeks if kept cool or refrigerated. Rollmops are sometimes served with Labskaus.

Etymology

The name "rollmops" is German in origin,   derived from the words rollen (to roll) and Mops (German name of pug dogs, but also "blockhead"). The form Rollmops is singular, and the plural is Rollmöpse.

In English, the term "rollmops" is often treated as the plural of a supposed singular "rollmop". The form "rollmop herrings" is also attested.

Origins

Pickled herrings have been a staple in Northern Europe since Medieval times, being a way to store and transport fish, especially necessary in meatless periods like Lent.  The herrings would be prepared, then packed in barrels for storage or transportation.

Rollmops grew popular throughout Germany during the Biedermeier period of the early 19th century and were known as a particular specialty of Berlin, like the similar pickled herring dish Bismarckhering. A crucial factor in their popularity was the development of the long-range railway network, which allowed the transport of herring from the North and Baltic seas to the interior. The fish was pickled to preserve it and transported in wooden barrels. In pubs in Old Berlin, it was common to have high-rising glass display cases known as Hungerturm (meaning "hunger tower") on the bar to present ready-to-eat dishes like lard bread, salt eggs, meatballs, mettwurst, and of course rollmops. At the present time, rollmops are commonly served as part of the German Katerfrühstück (hangover breakfast) which is believed to restore some electrolytes.

Distribution

Rollmops are eaten in Europe and South America, as well as in areas of the United States.
Question:
A rollmop is what type of uncooked pickled fish?
Answer:
White herring
Passage:
County Cricket Ground, Northampton
The County Ground, is a cricket venue on Wantage Road in the Abington area of Northampton, England, UK. It is home to Northamptonshire County Cricket Club.

It is known to be a venue which favours spinners, and in the last County Championship game of 2005, Northamptonshire's two spin bowlers Jason Brown and Monty Panesar took all 20 wickets for Northamptonshire.

Northamptonshire played their first match at the ground in 1886 before competing in the Minor Counties Championship competition between 1895 and 1904, winning the title three times. They were accepted into the County Championship and played their first first-class match at the ground on 5 June 1905. Northamptonshire drew with Leicestershire in a rain-hit match that only permitted 75 overs of play.

The County Ground hosted two 1999 Cricket World Cup matches. South Africa's victory over Sri Lanka and Bangladesh's first ever World Cup victory against eventual finalists Pakistan by 62 runs.

Football

Northampton Town F.C. also known as "The Cobblers" played their home games for 97 years at the County Ground between 1897 and 1994. The ground only had three sides with an open side due to the size of the cricket field.

The team began in the Northants League working upward through various leagues before being elected to The Football League in 1920. The team played in all four main divisions during their tenure at the County Ground. Between 1958 and 1965 the team rose from Division 4 all the way to the top tier, the First Division, where they stayed for only one season - 1965-66. Subsequently the team then fell into decline, being relegated to the Fourth Division in 1970.

On 7 February 1970, Northampton Town played Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round at the County Ground and lost 8-2, with George Best scoring six goals.

From the 1970s to the 1990s team occupied Division 3 and Division 4 with the team finishing at the bottom of the league in 1994. However, they stayed in the league as the stadium of Kidderminster Harriers, the Football Conference winners, did not meet the standard required for promotion. By this stage, however, construction work on the new all-seater Sixfields Stadium had started. The new stadium was still under construction when the 1994-95 season began, and so the club began that season still at the County Ground.

The Cobblers played their last game there on 12 October 1994 (a 1-0 league defeat to Mansfield Town),  and then moved to Sixfields, a four sided stadium more suitable for football. 

Trivia

Sir Elton John played the first ever concert at the County Ground on 25 June 2011. The show lasted for over two and a half hours. Sir Elton was supported by Ed Drewett  

While the two sports clubs shared the ground, the cricket club's address was 'Wantage Road' whereas the football club's address was 'Abington Avenue'.
Question:
Which county cricket team play home games at Wantage Road?
Answer:
Northamptonshire
Passage:
Lake Managua
Lake Managua (also known as Lake Xolotlán) (located at ) is a lake in Nicaragua. The Spanish name is Lago de Managua or Lago Xolotlán.  At 1,042 km², it is approximately 65 km long and 25 km wide. Similarly to the name of Lake Nicaragua, its name was coined by the Spanish conquerors from "Mangue" (their name for the Mánkeme tribes) and agua ("water"). The city of Managua, the capital of Nicaragua, lies on its southwestern shore.

Floodings

The level of Lake Managua raises significantly during the periods of heavy rain. The highest water level was recorded during the flooding of 1933.

The lake rose 3 metres (10 ft) in five days during Hurricane Mitch in 1998, destroying the homes of many who lived on its edge.  An even higher flooding occurred in September/October 2010. Since then, the city has prohibited residential use of the most flood-prone areas, those with the elevation below 42.76 meters above sea level.

Pollution

Lake Managua has been described by some authors as "the most contaminated lake in Central America."Douglas Haynes, [The Lake at the Bottom of the Bottom]. VQR, Summer 2011
The lake has been severely polluted, mostly by decades of sewage being dumped into the lake.  The city sewers have drained into the lake since 1927. It was only in 2009 that a modern wastewater treatment plant (built and operated by the British company Biwater) was opened in Managua, but even it treats only 40% of the city's wastewater.

The lake today has no stable outlet, with only occasional floods to Lake Nicaragua through the Tipitapa River. Pollutants are thus concentrated.  Despite the pollution, some of the people of Managua still live along the lake's shores and eat the fish.

In 2007 the "malecón" area was dredged and the sediment hauled off on barges. A strong odor which permeated the area from the sediment disappeared.  A stone rip-rap and concrete wharf was constructed and a sight seeing boat called "La Novia de Xolotlán" makes hour-long lake tours when there are sufficient tourists.

Wildlife

About 20 fish species still survive in Lake Managua.

While joined to Lake Nicaragua, the Bull sharks of that lake cannot migrate to Lake Managua due to a 12 ft high waterfall on the Tipitapa River.
Question:
Lake Managua is a large lake in which Central American country?
Answer:
Nicarugua
Passage:
1. – Ngā manu – birds – Te Ara Encyclopedia of New Zealand
1. – Ngā manu – birds – Te Ara Encyclopedia of New Zealand
‘Rangiaeata’
In traditional Māori thought, many birds were seen as chiefly. The feathers of certain birds were used as adornment for high-born people – particularly plumes worn in the hair. Chiefs wore the kahu huruhuru (feather cloak), made from the feathers of the most beautiful birds.
Huia
The huia, extinct since the early 20th century, had black tail feathers with white tips, which high-ranking people wore in their hair. The group of 12 feathers from a huia’s tail, usually still joined at the base, was called a mareko, and was worn by high chiefs going into battle. Huia feathers were kept in a carved wooden chest called a waka huia.
The male huia had a straight beak, while the female’s was curved. One story explains its origin. A chief found a female huia in a trap, and plucked two tail feathers as plumes. He enchanted the bird so she would return when he needed more plumes. One time she arrived with feathers ruffled from sitting on her nest. Annoyed, the chief gave her a long, curved beak so she could reach her tail feathers and lift them out of the way.
Kākā
The kākā, a cheeky parrot, had red feathers under its wings. Māori associated the colour red with high rank, and only high-status people wore cloaks made with kākā feathers. Kākā were kept as pets, and were often used as decoys when fowling. The kākā has a loud, harsh call, so Māori describe talkative people as big-mouthed kākā (he kākā waha nui) or kākā heads (he pane kākā).
Kākāpō
The kākāpō, a flightless nocturnal parrot, was used for food, and its beautiful yellow-green and brown feathers were used to make cloaks for high-born people. Kākāpō also made good pets.
Kererū (wood pigeon)
The kererū’s colourful feathers were used to make cloaks. Their tail feathers adorned tahā huahua and pātua – containers for holding preserved birds.
In one tradition, the kererū’s feathers were originally white. The legendary trickster Māui wanted to find out where his mother, Taranga, went during the day. He hid her skirt to delay her, but she left anyway. Māui changed into a white kererū to follow her, still holding the skirt, which became the bird’s beautiful multicoloured plumage. The kererū was also a valued food source.
Kiwi
The kiwi was known as ‘te manu huna a Tāne’, the hidden bird of Tāne (god of the forest), because it came out mostly at night and was seldom seen. Kiwi meat was considered fit for chiefs. Their feathers were woven into rare, beautiful cloaks called kahu kiwi, which were considered taonga (treasures). The cloaks are used on special ceremonial occasions, such as the tangi (funeral) in August 2006 of the Māori queen, Te Arikinui Dame Ātairangikaahu.
Kōtuku (white heron)
The regal-looking kōtuku appears in a well-known whakataukī (saying), ‘He kōtuku rerenga tahi’ (a white heron of a single flight). This can refer to a distinguished visitor who visits only rarely. Long plumes from the kōtuku’s broad wings, called piki kōtuku, were prized as head ornaments by people of high rank.
Tākapu (gannet)
Tākapu were valued for their white down and plumes. The plumes were used as hair adornments, and the soft belly feathers were made into pōhoi – feather balls worn in the ear by men and women of rank.
Tara (tern)
Māori associate tara with high status because of the birds’ beauty and grace. A group of chiefs might be honoured or praised as ‘he tāhuna ā-tara’ – a sand bank of terns.
Island feathers
The tail feathers of the huia, the dorsal plumes of the kōtuku, and a full headdress of albatross feathers were all known as ‘te rau o Tītapu’ (the feathers of Tītapu). Tītapu was said to be an island in Cook Strait that was visited by albatrosses, but has since sunk beneath the sea.
Toroa (albatross)
The toroa’s prized white feathers were worn on important occasions by leading men. Toroa feathers used as plumes are known as raukura or kaiwharawhara. Soft feathers from the belly were made into pōhoi toroa – feather ball earrings.
Tūī
Tūī imitate the songs of other birds, and can also imitate people. The birds were sometimes tamed and taught to speak. They were taught mihi (greetings) which they would recite when visitors arrived, as well as prayers and proverbs. They were often trained to sound like the loud and deep voice of a chief. A tūī that spoke like this was called a manu rangatira – a chiefly bird. Sometimes a tūī was named after a tribe’s famous ancestor, and kept by the chief.
Question:
Feather/s worn as an adornment is known as what?
Answer:
Plumes
Passage:
Electric Avenue (song)
"Electric Avenue" is a song written, recorded and produced by Eddy Grant, from his 1982 album Killer on the Rampage. In the United States, with the help of the MTV video, it was one of 1983's biggest hits of the year. The song's title refers to an area historically known as Electric Avenue; a reference to the first place electricity lighted the streets in the market area of Brixton, South of London. This is an area known in the modern times for its high population of Caribbean immigrants and high unemployment. Tensions grew until violence hit the street now known as the 1981 Brixton riot. A year later, this song played over the airwaves.

It was initially released as a single in 1982, and reached no. 2 on the UK Singles Chart. In 1983, CBS decided to launch the single in the U.S., where it spent five weeks at no. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100  (It was kept out of the top spot by a combination of two songs, "Flashdance... What a Feeling" by Irene Cara and that year's song of the summer, "Every Breath You Take" by The Police) and hit no. 1 in Cash Box magazine. "Electric Avenue" was a hit on two other US charts: On the soul chart it went to no. 18.  On the dance charts, it peaked at no. 6.  It was nominated for a Grammy Award as Best R&B Song of 1983,  but lost to Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean".

The song is featured in the films, Pineapple Express, Wrong Turn 2: Dead End and Jackass 3D.  This song is also featured in Season 1, Episode 14 of the series 3rd Rock from the Sun, and the Twentieth Season premiere of The Simpsons, "Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes".

Video

The video was the crucial element for this song to go mainstream in America. The song was already a hit in the UK. When MTV ran music videos on its network, the producers put the song into rotation to add some racial diversity. MTV, at the time, was called out for not having black artists on their network by famous musicians like David Bowie.  After "Billie Jean" aired and was successful, soon MTV was scrambling to get other black artists into their rotation. Once "Electric Avenue" aired, it did not take long for the song to climb up to the no. 2 spot on the Billboard Hot 100. 

Other release information

The original B-Side to this song was a non-LP track entitled "Time Warp". The 45 sold more than one million copies in the United States, earning a platinum certification.  It was later re-issued with "I Don't Want to Dance" as the flip side.

Electric Avenue was re-released in 2001. The single featured the "Ringbang Remix", and reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart in June 2001, as well as reaching number 16 on the US dance chart.

The Ringbang Remix was also featured on Now That's What I Call Music! 49 as track 1 of disc 2.

Refugee Camp All-Stars version

Refugee Camp All-Stars covered the song in 1997 for the original soundtrack of the movie Money Talks. This cover was titled "Avenues", featuring reggae artist Ky-Mani Marley. Their version peaked at No. 35 on the Billboard Hot 100. 

Charts

Weekly charts

Original version

Ringbang Remix

Year-end charts
Question:
Who had a not hit in 1983 with the song 'Electric Avenue'?
Answer:
Edmond Montague Grant
Passage:
Litmus
Litmus is a water soluble mixture of different dyes extracted from lichens.  It is often absorbed onto filter paper to produce one of the oldest forms of pH indicator, used to test materials for acidity.

History 

Litmus was used for the first time about 1300 AD by Spanish alchemist Arnaldus de Villa Nova. From the 16th century on, the blue dye was extracted from some lichens, especially in the Netherlands.

Natural sources 

Litmus can be found in different species of lichens. The dyes are extracted from such species as Roccella tinctoria (South America), Roccella fuciformis (Angola and Madagascar), Roccella pygmaea (Algeria), Roccella phycopsis, Lecanora tartarea (Norway, Sweden), Variolaria dealbata, Ochrolechia parella, Parmotrema tinctorum, and Parmelia. Currently, the main sources are Roccella montagnei (Mozambique) and Dendrographa leucophoea (California).

Uses 

The main use of litmus is to test whether a solution is acidic or basic. Wet litmus paper can also be used to test for water-soluble gases that affect acidity or alkalinity; the gas dissolves in the water and the resulting solution colors the litmus paper. For instance, ammonia gas, which is alkaline, colors the red litmus paper blue.

Blue litmus paper turns red under acidic conditions and red litmus paper turns blue under basic or alkaline conditions, with the color change occurring over the pH range 4.5–8.3 at 25 C.  Neutral litmus paper is purple.   Litmus can also be prepared as an aqueous solution that functions similarly.  Under acidic conditions, the solution is red, and under basic conditions, the solution is blue.

Chemical reactions other than acid-base can also cause a color change to litmus paper. For instance, chlorine gas turns blue litmus paper white – the litmus dye is bleached,  because of presence of hypochlorite ions. This reaction is irreversible, so the litmus is not acting as an indicator in this situation.

Chemistry

The litmus mixture has the CAS number 1393-92-6 and contains 10 to 15 different dyes. Most of the chemical components of litmus are likely to be the same as those of the related mixture known as orcein, but in different proportions. In contrast with orcein, the principal constituent of litmus has an average molecular mass of 3300.  Acid-base indicators on litmus owe their properties to a 7-hydroxyphenoxazone chromophore.  Some fractions of litmus were given specific names including erythrolitmin (or erythrolein), azolitmin, spaniolitmin, leucoorcein, and leucazolitmin. Azolitmin shows nearly the same effect as litmus. 

Mechanism

Red litmus contains a weak diprotic acid. When it is exposed to a basic compound, the hydrogen ions react with the added base. The conjugated base, formed from the litmus acid, has a blue color, so the wet red litmus paper turns blue in alkaline solution.
Question:
What colour does blue litmus paper turn when in contact with acid?
Answer:
Red (colour)
Passage:
Clive Swift
Clive Walter Swift (born 9 February 1936) is an English actor and songwriter. He is best known for his role as Richard Bucket in the British television series Keeping Up Appearances, but has played many other notable film and television roles, including that of Roy in the British television series The Old Guys.

Life and career

Swift was born in Liverpool, Lancashire,  the son of Lily Rebecca (née Greenman) and Abram Sampson Swift.[http://www.filmreference.com/film/41/Clive-Swift.html Clive Swift Biography (1936–)] His older brother, David Swift, was also an actor. Both brothers were educated at Clifton College and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where Clive read English literature. He was previously a teacher at LAMDA and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. His family was Jewish. 

In the 1970s, he appeared as Doctor Black in two of the BBC's M.R. James adaptations: The Stalls of Barchester and A Warning to the Curious. He portrayed Det.Insp Waugh of the CID in the 1970/71 TV series Waugh on Crime. He is most noted for his performance in Keeping Up Appearances, starring as Richard Bucket, the long-suffering husband of Hyacinth. He also starred in the BBC adaptation of The Barchester Chronicles and appeared in the Doctor Who story Revelation of the Daleks. On 25 December 2007, he appeared in a Doctor Who Christmas special as Mr Copper. He also played Sir Ector, the adoptive father of King Arthur in John Boorman's 1981 film Excalibur.

Swift was formerly married to novelist Margaret Drabble (1960–75).  He is the father of one daughter, Rebecca, who runs the Literary Consultancy in London's Free Word Centre and two sons, Adam Swift, an academic, and Joe Swift, a TV gardener.

As well as acting, he is a songwriter. Many of his songs are included in his show, Richard Bucket Overflows: An Audience with Clive Swift, which toured the UK in 2007 and Clive Swift Entertains, performing his own music and lyrics, which toured the UK in 2009.
He also played the part of the Reverend Eustacius Brewer in Born and Bred, which aired on BBC 1 from 2002 to 2005.

Film

* Catch Us If You Can (1965) - Duffie
* A Midsummer Night's Dream (1968) - Snug
* Death Line (1972) - Inspector Richardson
* Frenzy (1972) - Johnny Porter
* Man at the Top (1973) - Massey
* The National Health (1973) - Ash
* The Sailor's Return (1978) - Reverend Pottock
* Excalibur (1981) - Ector
* Memed My Hawk (1984)
* A Passage to India (1984) - Major Callendar
* Young Toscanini (1988) - Comparsa (uncredited)
* Gaston's War (1997) - General James
* Vacuums (2003) - AJ Johnson
* Othello (2004)

Television

*Waugh on Crime (1970) - Inspector Waugh
*The Stalls of Barchester (1971) - Dr. Black
*The Liver Birds – "Birds on strike" (1972) - Jim Royle
*Dead of Night (1972) - Dan
*A Warning to the Curious (1972) - Dr. Black
*South Riding (1974) - Alfred Huggins
*Romeo and Juliet (TV series) (1976) - Friar Lawrence 
*Bless Me, Father (1978) - Fred Dobie
*Henry IV Part One (1979) - Thomas Percy, Earl of Worcester
*Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1980) (TV Movie) (1980) - Hastie Lanyon 
*Tales of the Unexpected - "Stranger in Town" (1982) - Latham
*Barchester Chronicles (1982) - Bishop Proudie
*The Pickwick Papers (1985) - Tracy Tupman
*Doctor Who (1985) - Jobel / Mr Copper
*First Among Equals (1986) - Alec Pimkin
*Inspector Morse – "The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn" (1987) - Doctor Bartlett
*Pack of Lies (1987 American TV adaptation of Hugh Whitemore's play) - Ellis
*Keeping Up Appearances (1990-1995) - Richard Bucket
*Heartbeat (1993) - Victor Kellerman
*Peak Practice (1998) - Norman Shorthose
*Aristocrats (1999) - King George II
*Born and Bred (2002-2005) - Reverend Brew
*The Old Guys (2009-2010) - Roy
*Hustle (2011) Yusef

Radio

* Oblomov as the Doctor
*The Right Time
* From Fact to Fiction – The Orchard as the Narrator
* Measure for Measure as Escalus
* "Jorrocks's Jaunts and Jollities" as Nash
* "The Price of Fear – Remains to be Seen" as Fred Trebor
* "Friday When It Rains" - BBC Radio 4 Drama as Dove

Stage

*Cymbeline (1962) as Cloten
*The Tempest (1966) as Caliban (Prospect Theatre Company)
Question:
"Who was the other half of the Bouquet household, played by actor Clive Swift, in the UK TV comedy series ""Keeping Up Appearances""?"
Answer:
List of Dicks
Passage:
Joan of Navarre, Queen of England
Joan of Navarre, also known as Joanna (c. 1370 – 10 June 1437) was the Duchess consort of Brittany by marriage to John IV, Duke of Brittany, and later the Queen consort of England by marriage to King Henry IV of England. She was served as regent of Brittany from 1399 until 1403 during the minority of her son. She also served as regent of England during the absence of her step-son in 1415. 

Life

She was a daughter of King Charles II of Navarre and Joan of France.  

Duchess consort of Brittany

On 2 October 1386, Joan married her first husband, John IV, Duke of Brittany (known in traditional English sources as John V).  She was his third wife and the only one to bear him children. They had nine children:
* Jeanne of Brittany (Nantes, 12 August 1387 – 7 December 1388).
* Isabelle of Brittany (October 1388 – December 1388).
* John V, Duke of Brittany (Château de l'Hermine, near Vannes, Morbihan, 24 December 1389 – manoir de La Touche, near Nantes 29 August 1442).
* Marie of Brittany (Nantes, 18 February 1391 – 18 December 1446), Lady of La Guerche, married at the Château de l'Hermine on 26 June 1398 John I of Alençon.
* Marguerite of Brittany (1392 – 13 April 1428), Lady of Guillac, married on 26 June 1407, Alain IX, Viscount of Rohan and Count of Porhoët (d. 1462)
* Arthur III, Duke of Brittany (Château de Succinio, 24 August 1393 – Nantes, 26 December 1458).
* Gilles of Brittany (1394 – Cosne-sur-Loire, 19 July 1412), Lord of Chantocé and Ingrande.
* Richard of Brittany (1395 – Château de Clisson 2 June 1438), Count of Benon, Étampes, and Mantes, married at the Château de Blois, Loir-et-Cher on 29 August 1423 Margaret d'Orléans, Countess of Vertus, daughter of Louis of Valois, Duke of Orléans.
* Blanche of Brittany (1397 – bef. 1419), married at Nantes on 26 June 1407 John IV, Count of Armagnac.

Upon the death of John IV on 1 November 1399, he was succeeded by their son, John V. Her son being still a minor, she was made his guardian and the regent of Brittany during his minority. Not long after, she was given a proposal by Henry IV. The marriage proposal was given out of mutual personal preference rather than a dynastic marriage. According to the Encyclopædia Britannica, affection developed between Joan and Henry Bolingbroke (the future King Henry IV) while he resided at the Breton court during his banishment from England. Joan gave a favorable reply to the proposal, but stated that she could not go through with it until she had set the affairs of Brittany in order and arrange for the security of the duchy and her children.  
She new that it would not be possible for her to continue as regent of Brittany after having married the king of England, nor would she be able to take her sons with her to England.  A papal dispensation was necessary for the marriage, which was obtained in 1402. 
Joan negotiated with the Duke of Burgundy to make him guardian of her male children and regent of Brittany.  Finally, she surrendered the custody of her sons and her power as regent of Brittany to the duke of Burgundy, who swore to respect the Breton rights and law, and departed for England with her daughters. 

Queen consort of England

On 7 February 1403, Joan married Henry IV at Winchester Cathedral. The 26th, she held her formal entry to London, were she was crowned queen of England.
Queen Joan was described as beautiful, gracious and majestic, but also as greedy and stingy, and was accused of accepting bribes.  Reportedly, she did not have a good impression of England, as a Breton ship was attached outside the English coast just after her wedding.  She preferred the company of her Breton entourage, which caused offence to such a degree that her Breton courtiers were exiled by order of Parliament, a ban the king did not think he could oppose to given his sensitive relation to the Parliament at the time.     

Joan and Henry had no children, but she is recorded as having had a good relationship with Henry's children from his first marriage, often taking the side of the future Henry V, "Prince Hal," in his quarrels with his father. Her daughters returned to France three years after their arrival on the order of their brother, her son. 

In 1413, her second spouse died, succeeded by her stepson Henry V. Joan had a very good relationship with Henry, who even entrusted her with the post of regent of England during his absence in France in 1415. Upon his return, however, he brought her son Arthur of Brittany with him as a prisoner. Joan unsuccessfully tried to have him released.  This apparently damaged her relationship to Henry. 
In 1419, she was accused of having hired two magicians to use witchcraft to poison the king. Her large fortune was confiscated, and she was imprisoned in Pevensey Castle in Sussex, England. She was released upon the order of Henry V on his deathbed in 1422. 

After her release, her fortune was returned to her, and she lived the rest of her life quietly and comfortably with her own court at Nottingham Castle, through Henry V's reign and into that of his son, Henry VI.  She was buried in Canterbury Cathedral next to Henry IV.

Ancestry

Footnotes
Question:
Queen Joan of Navarre was the wife of which English king?
Answer:
King Henry IV
Passage:
The People vs. Larry Flynt
The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman and starring Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton. It chronicles the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt and his subsequent clash with religious institutions and the law. 

The film was written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski. It spans about 35 years of Flynt's life from his impoverished upbringing in Kentucky to his court battle with Reverend Jerry Falwell, and is based in part on the U.S. Supreme Court case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell. Though not a financial success, the film was lauded by critics, and garnered Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, Edward Norton and director Miloš Forman multiple accolades and award nominations.

Plot

In 1952,  10-year-old Larry Flynt is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt and his younger brother, Jimmy, run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. After Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off.

Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure, a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy's help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman. In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati but is released from jail soon afterwards on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton, a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content.

In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine.

In 1983, Flynt undergoes surgery to deaden several nerves in his back damaged by the bullet wounds, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. Flynt is soon in court again for leaking videos relating to the John DeLorean entrapment case, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He later wears an American flag as an adult diaper along with an army helmet, and wears T-shirts with provocative messages such as "I Wish I Was Black" and "Fuck This Court." After spitting water at the judge Flynt is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Jerry Falwell tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel.

By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt's courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.

Cast

* Woody Harrelson as Larry Flynt
** Cody Block as young Larry
* Courtney Love as Althea Leasure
* Edward Norton as Alan Isaacman
* Richard Paul as Jerry Falwell
* James Cromwell as Charles Keating
* Donna Hanover as Ruth Carter Stapleton
* Crispin Glover as Arlo
* Vincent Schiavelli as Chester
* Brett Harrelson as Jimmy Flynt
** Ryan Post as young Jimmy
* Miles Chapin as Miles
* James Carville as Simon Leis
* Burt Neuborne as Roy Grutman
* Jan Tříska as The Assassin
* Norm Macdonald as Network reporter
* Larry Flynt as Judge Morrissey

Both Bill Murray and Tom Hanks were considered for the role of Flynt.  

Reception

The People vs. Larry Flynt received generally positive reviews; based on 53 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an overall approval rating from critics of 87%, with an average score of 7.7/10. 

Box office

The film was a hit in limited releases.  Based on a $35 million budget, the film grossed a domestic total of $20,300,385.

Accolades
Question:
Which actor was nominated for a Best Actor 'Oscar' for the film 'The People Vs Larry Flynt'?
Answer:
Woody Harelson
