Passage:
Boletus
Boletus is a genus of mushroom-producing fungi, comprising over 100 species. The genus Boletus was originally broadly defined and described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753, essentially containing all fungi with pores. Since then, other genera have been defined gradually, such as Tylopilus by Petter Adolf Karsten in 1881, and old names such as Leccinum have been resurrected or redefined. Some mushrooms listed in older books as members of the genus have now been placed in separate genera. These include such as Boletus scaber, now Leccinum scabrum, Tylopilus felleus, Chalciporus piperatus and Suillus luteus. More recently, Boletus has been found to be massively polyphyletic, with only a small percentage of the over 300 species that have been assigned to Boletus actually belonging there and necessitating the description and resurrection of many more genera.

The name is derived from the Latin term bōlētus 'mushroom' from the Ancient Greek βωλιτης,  ultimately from bōlos/βωλος 'lump' or 'clod'.  However, the βωλιτης of Galen is thought to have been the much prized Amanita caesarea.

In Lithuania and Poland Boletus is called "the king of mushrooms".

Edibility

The genus Boletus contains many members which are edible and tasty such as Boletus edulis and B. aereus.
Question:
Boletus, Chicken of the Woods, Chanterelle, and Crimini are all types of what?
Answer:
Psychoactive mushroom
Passage:
Herb
In general use, herbs are any plants used for food, flavoring, medicine, or perfume etc. Culinary use typically distinguishes herbs from spices.  Herbs refer to the leafy green parts of a plant (either fresh or dried), while a "spice" is a product from another part of the plant (usually dried), including seeds, berries, bark, roots and fruits.

In botanical English, the word "herb" is also used as a synonym of "herbaceous plant".

Herbs have a variety of uses including culinary, medicinal, and in some cases, spiritual. General usage of the term "herb" differs between culinary herbs and medicinal herbs.  In medicinal or spiritual use any of the parts of the plant might be considered "herbs", including leaves, roots, flowers, seeds, resin, root bark, inner bark (and cambium), berries and sometimes the pericarp or other portions of the plant.

The word "herb" is pronounced in the UK,  but is common among North American speakers and those from other regions where h-dropping occurs.

History 

As far back as 5000 BCE, Sumerians used herbs in medicine.  Ancient Egyptians used fennel, coriander and thyme around 1555 BCE. In ancient Greece, in 162 CE, a physician by the name of Galen was known for concocting complicated herbal remedies that contained up to 100 ingredients.

Culinary herbs

Culinary herbs are distinguished from vegetables in that, like spices, they are used in small amounts and provide flavor rather than substance to food.

Culinary herbs can come in two different forms. They can be in their natural state which is straight from the garden or bought in store, however once they are removed from the main plant they have a life expectancy of around one week if they are refrigerated. Then there is dried herbs, this form of herb is a much more concentrated than if it is fresh, these herbs can be kept anywhere from 6–12 months in a cool dark place.BBC. (2016). Food Ingredients – Herbs. Retrieved from http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/herb

Herbs can be perennials such as thyme or lavender, biennials such as parsley, or annuals like basil. Perennial herbs can be shrubs such as rosemary, Rosmarinus officinalis, or trees such as bay laurel, Laurus nobilis – this contrasts with botanical herbs, which by definition cannot be woody plants. Some plants are used as both herbs and spices, such as dill weed and dill seed or coriander leaves and seeds. Also, there are some herbs such as those in the mint family that are used for both culinary and medicinal purposes.

Medicinal herbs

Some plants contain phytochemicals that have effects on the body.  There may be some effects when consumed in the small levels that typify culinary "spicing", and some herbs are toxic in larger quantities. For instance, some types of herbal extract, such as the extract of St. John's-wort (Hypericum perforatum) or of kava (Piper methysticum) can be used for medical purposes to relieve depression and stress. However, large amounts of these herbs may lead to toxic overload that may involve complications, some of a serious nature, and should be used with caution.

Herbs have long been used as the basis of traditional Chinese herbal medicine, with usage dating as far back as the first century CE  and far before. In India, the Ayurveda medicinal system is based on herbs.  Medicinal use of herbs in Western cultures has its roots in the Hippocratic (Greek) elemental healing system, based on a quaternary elemental healing metaphor. Famous herbalist of the Western tradition include Avicenna (Persian), Galen (Roman), Paracelsus (German Swiss), Culpepper (English) and the botanically inclined  Eclectic physicians of 19th century/early 20th century America (John Milton Scudder, Harvey Wickes Felter, John Uri Lloyd). Modern pharmaceuticals had their origins in crude herbal medicines, and to this day, some drugs are still extracted as fractionate/isolate compounds from raw herbs and then purified to meet pharmaceutical standards.

Certain herbs contain psychoactive properties that have been used for both religious and recreational purposes by humans since the early Holocene era, notably the leaves and extracts of the cannabis and coca plants. The leaves of the coca plant have been chewed by people in northern Peruvian societies for over 8,000 years,  while the use of cannabis as a psychoactive substance dates back to the first century CE in China and northern Africa. 

The indigenous peoples of Australia developed herbal medicine based on plants that were readily available to them. The isolation of the indigenous people meant the remedies developed were for far less serious diseases, this was from not contracting western illnesses. Herbs such as river mint, wattle and eucalyptus were used for coughs, diarrhea, fever and headaches.

Sacred herbs

Herbs are used in many religions.  For example, myrrh (Commiphora myrrha) and frankincense (Boswellia species) in Hellenistic religion, the nine herbs charm in Anglo-Saxon paganism, neem (Azadirachta indica) leaves, bael (Aegele marmelos) leaves, holy basil or tulsi (Ocimum tenuiflorum), turmeric or "haldi" (Curcuma longa), and cannabis in Hinduism. Rastafari also consider cannabis to be a holy plant.

Siberian shamans also used herbs for spiritual purposes. Plants may be used to induce spiritual experiences for rites of passage, such as vision quests in some Native American cultures. The Cherokee Native Americans use both white sage and cedar for spiritual cleansing and smudging.

Herbal cosmetics 

The use of herbal cosmetics dates back to around six centuries ago in the European and Western countries. Mixtures and pastes were often concocted to whiten the face. During the 1940s, herbal cosmetics took a turn with the emerging red lipstick color, with every year gaining a more intense red. Herbal cosmetics come in many forms, such as face creams, scrubs, lipstick, natural fragrances, and body oils.
Question:
What herb, mentioned by Ophelia in ‘Hamlet’, is often used to flavour roast lamb?
Answer:
Miss Jessop's Upright
Passage:
Cars, SUVs, Hybrids, Minivans & Crossovers | Kia
Cars, SUVs, Hybrids, Minivans & Crossovers | Kia
Sportage
All-New 2017 Kia Sportage.
Conceived for urban adventure, the completely redesigned 2017 Sportage is the most extraordinary compact crossover on the road today. With an imposing appearance, a rock-solid stance, an upgraded cabin, and the torque to take you wherever the journey leads you, the new Sportage is a stylish, bolder-than-ever standout in an otherwise utilitarian category.
5/8
Sorento
The Perfect Getaway Vehicle.
Redesigned to be sleek, strong, and adaptive to your needs, the 2017 Sorento has elegantly sculpted surfaces, more cabin space, and a wraparound dashboard for distinctive appeal. From finely crafted seating to intuitive advanced technologies, it’s the car you drive to seek out adventure.
6/8
Sedona
Transform Your Drive.
The 2017 Sedona is premium comfort with the power to transform. Aggressive and refined, it’s your getaway vehicle and lounge on the go. The Sedona is comfort for everyone, fitted with high-tech gadgets, like the Smart Power Liftgate, and available second-row First-Class Lounge Seating. From the spacious driver cockpit to the versatile Slide-N-Stow® seats, the Sedona is intuitive control and flexibility that keeps pace with you.
7/8
Soul
Totally Transformed.
More fun to drive, more advanced technology, more surprises. We've packed almost everything into the 2017 Soul. Discover what's inside for yourself.
8/8
Question:
Which car manufacturer produces models called 'Cee'd' and 'Soul'?
Answer:
K. I. A.
Passage:
Jim Davis (cartoonist)
James Robert "Jim" Davis (born July 28, 1945) is an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the comic strips Garfield and U.S. Acres (aka Orson's Farm), the former of which has been published since 1978 and has since become the world's most widely syndicated comic strip. Davis's other comics work includes Tumbleweeds, Gnorm Gnat and Mr. Potato Head.

Davis has written (or in some cases co-written) all of the Emmy Award-winning or nominated Garfield TV specials and was one of the producers behind the Garfield & Friends TV show which aired on CBS from 1988 to 1994. Davis is the writer and executive producer of a trilogy of CGI-direct-to-video feature films about Garfield, as well as one of the executive producers and the creator for the CGI-animated TV series The Garfield Show. He continues to work on the strip.

Personal life

Jim Davis was born in Marion, Indiana on July 28, 1945. Davis grew up on a small farm in Fairmount, Indiana, with his father James William "Jim" Davis, mother Anna Catherine "Betty" (née Carter) Davis, brother Dave and 25 cats. Davis's childhood on a farm parallels the life of Garfield's owner, Jon Arbuckle, who was also raised on a farm with his parents and a brother, Doc Boy. Jon is a cartoonist, who also celebrates his birthday on July 28. Davis attended Ball State University where he studied art and business. While attending Ball State, he became a member of the Theta Xi fraternity.

Unlike the bachelor, Jon Arbuckle, Davis has been married twice, first to Carolyn (Altekruse), who was allergic to cats,  though they owned a dog named Molly.  They have a son, James Alexander Davis.  On July 16, 2000, Davis married his current wife, Jill, and had two more children: Ashley and Christopher.

In April of 2016 it was announced that Jim Davis will become an adjunct faculty member at Ball State University in Muncie this fall. 

Davis resides in Albany, Indiana, where he and his staff produce Garfield under his Paws, Inc. company, launched in 1981. Paws, Inc. employs nearly 50 artists and licensing administrators, who work with agents around the world managing Garfield's vast licensing, syndication, and entertainment empire.

Davis is a former president of the Fairmount, Indiana FFA chapter. 

Career

Prior to creating Garfield, Davis worked for an advertising agency, and in 1969, he began assisting Tom Ryan's comic strip, Tumbleweeds. He then created a comic strip, Gnorm Gnat, that ran for five years in The Pendleton Times, an Indiana newspaper. When Davis attempted to sell it to a national comic strip syndicate, an editor told him: "Your art is good, your gags are great, but bugs—nobody can relate to bugs!" 

On June 19, 1978, Garfield started syndication in 41 newspapers. Today it is syndicated in 2,580 newspapers and is read by approximately 300 million readers each day. 

In the 1980s, Davis created the barnyard slapstick comic strip U.S. Acres. Outside the U.S., the strip was known as Orson's Farm. Davis, along with Brett Koth, also made a 2000–03 strip based on the Mr. Potato Head toy.

Davis founded the Professor Garfield Foundation to support children's literacy. 

His influences include Mort Walker's Beetle Bailey and Hi and Lois, Charles M. Schulz's Peanuts, Milton Caniff's Steve Canyon and Johnny Hart's B.C. 

Awards
Question:
What is the name of the cartoon cat created by Jim Davis?
Answer:
Garfield at 25: In Dog Years I'd Be Dead
Passage:
Century Dictionary
The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia was one of the largest encyclopedic dictionaries of the English language.  The first edition was published from 1889 to 1891 by The Century Company of New York, in six, eight, or ten volume versions (originally issued in 24 fascicles) in 7,046 pages with some 10,000 wood-engraved illustrations.  It was edited by Sanskrit scholar and linguist William Dwight Whitney, with Benjamin Eli Smith's assistance.  It was a great expansion of the smaller Imperial Dictionary of the English Language, which in turn had been based on the 1841 edition of Noah Webster's American Dictionary.

After Whitney's death in 1894, supplementary volumes were published under Smith's supervision, including The Century Cyclopedia of Names (1894) and The Century Atlas (1897).  A two-volume Supplement of new vocabulary, published in 1909, completed the dictionary.  A reformatted edition, The Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia, was published in 1911 in twelve quarto volumes: ten of vocabulary, plus the volume of names and the atlas.  This set went through several printings, the last in 1914.  The same year, the ten vocabulary volumes were published as one giant volume, about 8500 pages in a very thin paper. The now much coveted India paper edition also appeared around this time, usually in 5 double volumes (rarely, in 10 single volumes) plus one additional for the Cyclopedia.

The completed dictionary contained over 500,000 entries, more than Webster's New International or Funk and Wagnalls New Standard, the largest other dictionaries of the period.  Each form of a word was treated separately, and liberal numbers of quotations and additional information were included to support the definitions.  In its etymologies, Greek words were not transliterated.

Although no revised edition of the dictionary was ever again published, an abridged edition with new words and other features, The New Century Dictionary (edited by H.G. Emery and K.G. Brewster; revision editor, Catherine B. Avery,) was published by Appleton-Century-Crofts of New York in 1927, and reprinted in various forms for over thirty-five years.  The New Century became the basis for the American College Dictionary, the first Random House Dictionary, in 1947.  The three volume New Century Cyclopedia of Names, an expansion of the 1894 volume, was published in 1954, edited by Clarence Barnhart.

The Century Dictionary was admired for the quality of its entries, the craftsmanship in its design, typography, and binding, and its excellent illustrations.  It has been used as an information source for the makers of many later dictionaries, including editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, who cited it over 2,000 times in the first edition. In 1913, Stewart Archer Steger from the University of Virginia published his Ph.D. dissertation "American Dictionaries" and devoted a 14-page Chapter VI to Century Dictionary. He concluded the chapter with these words: "Altogether, The Century Dictionary far surpasses anything in American lexicography".

Digitization efforts 

The works are out of copyright, and efforts have been made to digitize the volumes.

24-part set 

1889–91

Ten volume set 

Twelve volume set

* [http://catalog.hathitrust.org/Record/001183279 1911], University of Michigan and Cornell University

Sources

*Adams, James Truslow. Dictionary of American History. New York: Scribner, 1940.
*Bailey, Richard, et al. "Forum: Centennial Celebration of The Century Dictionary". Dictionaries: Journal of the Dictionary Society of North America 17 (1996): 1–125.
Question:
Whose 19th century dictionary standardised US English?
Answer:
Noah Webster
Passage:
The New Vaudeville Band
The New Vaudeville Band was a group created by songwriter Geoff Stephens (born 1 October  1934, New Southgate, North London) in 1966 to record his novelty composition "Winchester Cathedral", a song inspired by the dance bands of the 1920s and a Rudy Vallee megaphone style vocal.   To his surprise, the song became a transatlantic hit that autumn, reaching the Top 10 in the United Kingdom and rising to #1 in the United States. The record sold over three million copies worldwide, earning the RIAA certification of gold disc status.   The track also won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Song in 1967. The lead vocal was sung by John Carter, formerly of The Ivy League, who had sung on the demo of the record, which Stephens decided to keep for the commercial release. An initial long-playing album was also issued in late 1966 by Fontana Records, also titled Winchester Cathedral.

When Stephens received several requests for The New Vaudeville Band to tour, he had to put together a group, as the song was recorded by session musicians hired only for the recording session. He contacted a real group, the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, which played similar music at the time. Only Bob Kerr from that group was interested, so he left The Bonzos to help Stephens form a touring version of The New Vaudeville Band, which included original session drummer Henri Harrison. The lead singer of the touring version of the group was Alan Klein, who was billed as 'Tristram - Seventh Earl of Cricklewood'. 

In 1967, The New Vaudeville Band released the On Tour album, with the single "Peek-A-Boo," which made the Billboard chart that February and reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart. Further UK hits followed with "Finchley Central" (#11) and "Green Street Green" (#37),  both based on locations in London.

The New Vaudeville Band was managed by Peter Grant. Kerr left the group following disputes with Grant. He then formed his own group, Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band, which continues to perform with Henri Harrison.

A further privately released album (While We Are All Assembled!) did not bear a date but was apparently released in 1979,  and stated in the sleeve notes that the band "have firmly re-established themselves in the higher echelons of the British club scene" since returning four years previously from "their successful three years in the USA and Canada".
Albums

*Winchester Cathedral (New Vaudeville Band album) 1966
Question:
Which religious building gave the New Vaudeville Band a Top Five hit In 1966?
Answer:
Winchester Cathedral
Passage:
Acrophobia
Acrophobia (from the , ákron , meaning "peak, summit, edge" and , phóbos, "fear") is an extreme or irrational fear or phobia of heights, especially when one is not particularly high up. It belongs to a category of specific phobias, called space and motion discomfort, that share both similar etiology and options for treatment.

Most people experience a degree of natural fear when exposed to heights, known as the fear of falling. On the other hand, those who have little fear of such exposure are said to have a head for heights. A head for heights is advantageous for those hiking or climbing in mountainous terrain and also in certain jobs e.g. steeplejacks or wind turbine mechanics.

Acrophobia sufferers can experience a panic attack in high places and become too agitated to get themselves down safely. Approximately two percent of the general population suffers from acrophobia, with twice as many women affected as men. 

Causes 

Traditionally, acrophobia has been attributed, like other phobias, to conditioning or a traumatic experience.  Recent studies have cast doubt on this explanation;  a fear of falling, along with a fear of loud noises, is one of the most commonly suggested inborn or "non-associative" fears. The newer non-association theory is that a fear of heights is an evolved adaptation to a world where falls posed a significant danger.   The degree of fear varies and the term phobia is reserved for those at the extreme end of the spectrum. Researchers have argued that a fear of heights is an instinct found in many mammals, including domestic animals and humans. Experiments using visual cliffs have shown human infants and toddlers, as well as other animals of various ages, to be reluctant in venturing onto a glass floor with a view of a few meters of apparent fall-space below it.   While an innate cautiousness around heights is helpful for survival, an extreme fear can interfere with the activities of everyday life, such as standing on a ladder or chair, or even walking up a flight of stairs.

A possible contributing factor is a dysfunction in maintaining balance. In this case the anxiety is both well founded and secondary.  The human balance system integrates proprioceptive, vestibular and nearby visual cues to reckon position and motion.   As height increases, visual cues recede and balance becomes poorer even in normal people.   However, most people respond by shifting to more reliance on the proprioceptive and vestibular branches of the equilibrium system.

An acrophobic, however, continues to over-rely on visual signals whether because of inadequate vestibular function or incorrect strategy.  Locomotion at a high elevation requires more than normal visual processing. The visual cortex becomes overloaded resulting in confusion. Some proponents of the alternative view of acrophobia warn that it may be ill-advised to encourage acrophobics to expose themselves to height without first resolving the vestibular issues. Research is underway at several clinics. 

Treatment 

There have been a number of promising studies into using virtual reality therapy for acrophobia. 

Many different types of medications are used in the treatment of phobias like fear of heights, including traditional anti-anxiety drugs such as benzodiazepines, and newer options like antidepressants and beta-blockers. 

Confusion with vertigo 

"Vertigo" is often used (incorrectly) to describe a fear of heights, but it is more accurately a spinning sensation that occurs when one is not actually spinning. It can be triggered by looking down from a high place, or by looking straight up at a high place or tall object, but this alone does not describe vertigo. True vertigo can be triggered by almost any type of movement (e.g. standing up, sitting down, walking) or change in visual perspective (e.g. squatting down, walking up or down stairs, looking out of the window of a moving car or train). Vertigo is qualified as height vertigo when referring to dizziness triggered by heights.

Media treatment 

In the Alfred Hitchcock film Vertigo, John "Scottie" Ferguson, played by James Stewart, has to resign from the police force after an incident which causes him to develop both acrophobia and vertigo. The word "vertigo" is only mentioned once, while "acrophobia" is mentioned several times. Early on in the film, Ferguson faints while climbing a stepladder. There are numerous references throughout the film to fear of heights and falling.
Question:
What does an acrophobic fear?
Answer:
The Heights (disambiguation)
Passage:
Hansom cab
The hansom cab is a kind of horse-drawn carriage designed and patented in 1834 by Joseph Hansom, an architect from York. The vehicle was developed and tested by Hansom in Hinckley, Leicestershire, England. Originally called the Hansom safety cab, it was designed to combine speed with safety, with a low centre of gravity for safe cornering.  Hansom's original design was modified by John Chapman and several others to improve its practicability, but retained Hansom's name. 

Cab is a shortening of cabriolet, reflecting the design of the carriage.  It replaced the hackney carriage as a vehicle for hire; with the introduction of clockwork mechanical taximeters to measure fares, the name became taxicab.

Hansom cabs enjoyed immense popularity as they were fast, light enough to be pulled by a single horse (making the journey cheaper than travelling in a larger four-wheel coach) and were agile enough to steer around horse-drawn vehicles in the notorious traffic jams of nineteenth-century London. There were up to 7500 hansom cabs in use at the height of their popularity and they quickly spread to other cities (such as Dublin) in the United Kingdom, as well as continental European cities, particularly Paris, Berlin, and St Petersburg. The cab was introduced to other British Empire cities and to the United States during the late 19th century, being most commonly used in New York.

Design 

The cab, a type of fly, sat two passengers (three if squeezed in) and a driver who sat on a sprung seat behind the vehicle. The passengers were able to give their instructions to the driver through a trap door near the rear of the roof. They could also pay the driver through this hatch and he would then operate a lever to release the doors so they could alight. In some cabs, the driver could also operate a device that balanced the cab and reduced strain on the horse. The passengers were protected from the elements by the cab itself, as well as by folding wooden doors that enclosed their feet and legs, protecting their clothes from splashing mud. Later versions also had an up-and-over glass window above the doors to complete the enclosure of the passengers.  Additionally, a curved fender mounted forward of the doors protected passengers from the stones thrown up by the flying hooves of the horse.

Hansom Cab Company 

The Hansom Cab Company was set up to provide transportation in New York City and Brooklyn, New York, in May 1869. The business was located at 133 Water Street (Manhattan),  at the offices of Duncan, Sherman & Co., which served as bankers to the firm. The enterprise was organized by Ed W. Brandon who became its president. Two orders for a cargo of cabs were sent to carriage makers in New York City. A fare of thirty cents for a single person was designated for distances up to one mile, and forty cents for two people. A rate of seventy-five cents was determined for one or two persons for a length of time not exceeding one hour. 

The cabs were widely used in the United Kingdom until 1908 when Taximeter Cars (petrol cabs) started to be introduced and were rapidly accepted; by the early 1920s horse-drawn cabs had largely been superseded by motor vehicles. The last licence for a horse-drawn cab in London was relinquished in 1947. 

A restored hansom cab once owned by Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt is on display at the Remington Carriage Museum  in Cardston, Alberta, Canada. There is another surviving example, owned and operated by the Sherlock Holmes Museum in London; in common with other horse-drawn vehicles it is not permitted to enter any of the Royal Parks. 

In popular culture 

* Black Beauty by Anna Sewell - the central section has an evocative account of life as a Hansom cab driver in Victorian London, even though it is written from the point of view of the horse.
* Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes stories make frequent mention of hansom cabs. 
* "The Adventure of the Hansom Cab" is the third and final story in Robert Louis Stevenson's The Suicide Club cycle (1878). Retired British soldier Lieutenant Brackenbury Rich is beckoned into the back of an elegantly appointed hansom by a mysterious cabman who whisks him off to a party. Also, hansoms are often mentioned in his best horror work: "The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde".
* In 1886, Fergus Hume published his novel The Mystery of a Hansom Cab, set in post-Gold Rush era Melbourne, Australia. The story was filmed in Australia in 1911, under the same title.
* The 1889 film Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses, photographed by William Friese-Greene, shows Londoners walking along Apsley Gate, Hyde Park, with horse-drawn conveyances passing by. 
* In the 1956 movie Around the World in 80 Days, Phileas Fogg (David Niven) and Passepartout hired a Hanson cab to very fast reach Reform Club before the finishing deadline.
* The book Farewell Victoria (1933) by T. H. White has the protagonist ending his days as a hansom cab operator in its fading years, which is part of the sustained metaphor brought out in the title.
* In the comic series Scarlet Traces Britain has developed advanced mechanical hansoms based on reverse-engineered Martian technology.
* "New York and Turkey" is the second episode of the second season of Laff-A-Lympics, the eighteenth episode overall. The contestants have a Hansom cab race and a "crown the Statue of Liberty" contest in New York; then a unicycle race and a swimming relay race in Turkey. 
* In the book, The Picture of Dorian Gray, the main mode of transport for the characters is by the use of Hansom cabs.
* In the book, Tales of Three Hemispheres, by Lord Dunsany, first published in 1919, in the story "East and West", a hansom cab with a glass door is followed by three others, in North China.
Question:
How many wheels were there on each hansom cab, the horse-drawn taxis that used to operate in London in Victorian times?
Answer:
2
Passage:
Elizabeth Gaskell (Author of North and South)
Elizabeth Gaskell (Author of North and South)
edit data
Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell, née Stevenson (29 September 1810 – 12 November 1865), often referred to simply as Mrs. Gaskell, was an English novelist and short story writer during the Victorian era. She is perhaps best known for her biography of Charlotte Brontë. Her novels offer a detailed portrait of the lives of many strata of society, including the very poor, and as such are of interest to social historians as well as lovers of literature.
Question:
English novelist Elizabeth Cleghorn Stevenson was better known by what name?
Answer:
Mrs. Gaskell
Passage:
Gravlax
Gravlax is a Nordic dish consisting of raw salmon, cured in salt, sugar, and dill. Gravlax is usually served as an appetiser, sliced thinly and accompanied by hovmästarsås (literally steward sauce, also known as gravlaxsås), a dill and mustard sauce, either on bread of some kind, or with boiled potatoes.

History

During the Middle Ages, gravlax was made by fishermen, who salted the salmon and lightly fermented it by burying it in the sand above the high-tide line. The word gravlax comes from the Scandinavian word gräva/grave ("to dig"; modern sense "to cure (fish)") which goes back to the Proto-Germanic *grabą, *grabō ("hole in the ground; ditch, trench; grave") and the Indo-European root *ghrebh- "to dig, to scratch, to scrape",  and lax/laks, "salmon".

Today fermentation is no longer used in the production process. Instead the salmon is "buried" in a dry marinade of salt, sugar, and dill, and cured for a few days. As the salmon cures, by the action of osmosis, the moisture turns the dry cure into a highly concentrated brine, which can be used in Scandinavian cooking as part of a sauce.  This same method of curing can be employed for any fatty fish, but salmon is the most commonly used.

Gravlax can be cured with salt, dill,  beetroot,  and is often eaten on rye bread.
Question:
The Scandinavian raw dish gravlax is made from which creature?
Answer:
Salmon (zoology)
Passage:
BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role
Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.

Superlatives

Note: Dustin Hoffman's total of eight nominations, includes his 1968 Most Promising Newcomer nomination for The Graduate.

Winners and nominees 

From 1952 to 1967, there were two Best Actor awards: one for a British actor and another for a foreign actor. In 1968, the two prizes of British and Foreign actor were combined to create a single Best Actor award. Its current title, for Best Actor in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.

1950s 

1960s 

1970s 

1980s 

1990s 

2000s 

2010s 

Note: All nominations for multiple performances in a single year from the 1950s to the 1970s, count as one nomination. The two mentions for Michael Caine (1983), Anthony Hopkins (1993) and Sean Penn (2003), count as two separate nominations.

Multiple wins

5 wins
*Peter Finch
4 wins
*Daniel Day-Lewis
3 wins
*Marlon Brando
*Jack Lemmon
2 wins
*Dirk Bogarde
*Colin Firth (consecutive)
*Anthony Hopkins
*Dustin Hoffman
*Burt Lancaster
*Marcello Mastroianni
*Jack Nicholson
*Rod Steiger
Question:
Who has won Best Leading Actor Oscars for his roles in ‘Milk’ and ‘Mystic River’?
Answer:
Shon pan
Passage:
Edge (geometry)
For edge in graph theory, see Edge (graph theory)
In geometry, an edge is a particular type of line segment joining two vertices in a polygon, polyhedron, or higher-dimensional polytope.  In a polygon, an edge is a line segment on the boundary,  and is often called a side. In a polyhedron or more generally a polytope, an edge is a line segment where two faces meet.  A segment joining two vertices while passing through the interior or exterior is not an edge but instead is called a diagonal.

Relation to edges in graphs

In graph theory, an edge is an abstract object connecting two graph vertices, unlike polygon and polyhedron edges which have a concrete geometric representation as a line segment.
However, any polyhedron can be represented by its skeleton or edge-skeleton, a graph whose vertices are the geometric vertices of the polyhedron and whose edges correspond to the geometric edges.  Conversely, the graphs that are skeletons of three-dimensional polyhedra can be characterized by Steinitz's theorem as being exactly the 3-vertex-connected planar graphs. 

Number of edges in a polyhedron

Any convex polyhedron's surface has Euler characteristic

V - E + F = 2,

where V is the number of vertices, E is the number of edges, and F is the number of faces. This equation is known as Euler's polyhedron formula. Thus the number of edges is 2 less than the sum of the numbers of vertices and faces. For example, a cube has 8 vertices and 6 faces, and hence 12 edges.

Incidences with other faces

In a polygon, two edges meet at each vertex; more generally, by Balinski's theorem, at least d edges meet at every vertex of a d-dimensional convex polytope. 
Similarly, in a polyhedron, exactly two two-dimensional faces meet at every edge,  while in higher dimensional polytopes three or more two-dimensional faces meet at every edge.

Alternative terminology

In the theory of high-dimensional convex polytopes, a facet or side of a d-dimensional polytope is one of its (d − 1)-dimensional features, a ridge is a (d − 2)-dimensional feature, and a peak is a (d − 3)-dimensional feature. Thus, the edges of a polygon are its facets, the edges of a 3-dimensional convex polyhedron are its ridges, and the edges of a 4-dimensional polytope are its peaks..
Question:
How many sides does a trapezoid have?
Answer:
four
Passage:
Annelies Marie Frank | WikiTree: The FREE Family Tree
Annelies Marie Frank (1929-1945) | WikiTree: The FREE Family Tree
4 Sources
Biography
Born Annelies Marie Frank on 12 June 1929, to Otto Frank and Edith Frank-Holländer, Anne Frank has become one of the most talked about Jewish victims of the Holocaust, largely in part due to her diary that she kept from 12 June 1942 to 1 August 1944, a diary that was published after her death.
Born in the city of Frankfurt in Weimar, Germany, most of Anne's life was spent in or near Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. Though born a German national, Frank lost her citizenship in 1941.
The diary of Anne Frank documents her experiences in hiding during World War II. The Frank family moved from Germany to Amsterdam in 1933, the year the Nazis gained control over Germany. Unfortunately, by May 1940, they were trapped in Amsterdam by the German occupation of the Netherlands.
By July 1942, persecutions of the Jewish population had increased and the family went into hiding in some concealed rooms in the building where Anne's father worked. Two years later, the group was betrayed and then transported to concentration camps. Anne and sister, Margot Frank, were eventually transferred to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, where they died of typhus in February 1945. [1]
As mentioned,  Anne gained international fame posthumously after her diary was published.The Diary of a Young Girl has been the basis for several plays and films.
Otto Frank, the only survivor of the family, returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that Anne's diary had been saved, and his efforts led to its publication in 1947. In his own memoir, he noted the painful process of reading through her diary and remembering the events she described. He said, "For me it was a revelation ... I had no idea of the depth of her thoughts and feelings ... She had kept all these feelings to herself".
It has since been translated into many languages. It was translated from its original Dutch and first published in English in 1952 as The Diary of a Young Girl. The blank diary, a present received on her 13th birthday, chronicles her life from 12 June 1942 until 1 August 1944. [2]
Excerpts From Anne's Diary
“It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.”
“The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As longs as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.”
“Women should be respected as well! Generally speaking, men are held in great esteem in all parts of the world, so why shouldn't women have their share? Soldiers and war heroes are honored and commemorated, explorers are granted immortal fame, martyrs are revered, but how many people look upon women too as soldiers?...Women, who struggle and suffer pain to ensure the continuation of the human race, make much tougher and more courageous soldiers than all those big-mouthed freedom-fighting heroes put together!”
“Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite independent of anyone.”
Death
Sources for the dates of death of Anne and Margot Frank were never conclusive. However, more research has been done to arrive at these estimations of their deaths. The official death certificate was then dated by the ‘Committee for the Reporting of the Decease of  Missing Persons’ at "31 March 1945" [3]
Anne  Frank  is notable.
Private Messages: Send a private message to the Profile Manager . (Best when privacy is an issue.)
Public Comments:  Login to post.   (Best for messages specifically directed to those editing this profile. Limit 20 per day.)
Public Q&A: These will appear above and in the Genealogist-to-Genealogist (G2G) Forum . (Best for anything directed to the wider genealogy community.)
On 20 Apr 2016 at 05:31 GMT Summer (Binkley) Orman wrote:
Anne's diary was one of the first things I can remember reading that really stuck with me, at about 12 years old. Reading it changed my outlook on a lot of things; no small task for a 12 year old with an already limited world view.  Visiting her home, the hiding place, and the concentration camps, are all on my bucket list.
-Summer
On 24 Feb 2016 at 16:45 GMT Maggie N. wrote:
Need to update sources :
On 24 Feb 2016 at 09:18 GMT Pierre Goolaerts wrote:
Anne died in February. Sources are published by |annefrank.org
Anne is 18 degrees from Kevin Bacon, 65 degrees from Domingo Ghirardelli, 46 degrees from Ronel Olivier, 49 degrees from Rosa Parks and 27 degrees from Queen Elizabeth II of the Commonwealth Realms on our single family tree. Login to find your connection.
Question:
Born Annelies Marie on June 12, 1929, who famously received a diary for her 13th birthday?
Answer:
Betrayal of anne frank
Passage:
45 (number)
45 (forty-five)  is the natural number that succeeds 44 and precedes 46.

In mathematics 

Forty-five is a triangular number, and in particular the sum of all the decimal digits (0 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7 + 8 + 9 = 45).  It is the smallest triangle number (after 1) which can be written as the sum of two squares. It is also a hexagonal  and 16-gonal number.  

45 is the sixth positive integer with a prime factorization of the form  p2q, with p and q being prime.

33 is the aliquot sum of 45 and the aliquot sequence of 45 is (45, 33, 15, 9, 4, 3, 1, 0).

Since the greatest prime factor of 452 + 1 = 2026 is 1013, which is much more than 45 twice, 45 is a Størmer number. 

In base 10, it is a Kaprekar number  and a Harshad number. 

In science

*The atomic number of rhodium

Astronomy

*Messier object M45, a magnitude 1.4 open cluster in the constellation Taurus, also known as the Pleiades
*The New General Catalogue object NGC 45, a magnitude 10.6 spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus
*The Saros number of the solar eclipse series which began on −1436 March 30 and ended on −156 May 7. The duration of Saros series 45 was 1280.1 years, and it contained 72 solar eclipses.
*The Saros number of the lunar eclipse series which began on −1369 August 19 and ended on 182 March. The duration of Saros series 45 was 1550.6 years, and it contained 87 lunar eclipses.

In music

*A type of gramophone record classified by its rotational speed of 45 revolutions per minute (rpm)
*The group Stars on 45 and its 1981 Stars on 45 (song)
*Included in the title of "45 and Fat", a 1996 song by Babybird
*The title of a 2000 song by The Atomic Bitchwax, "Forty-Five"
*The title of a 2002 song by Elvis Costello, "45", both referring to the 45 rpm singles and to the artist's age when he wrote the song, which was released when he was 47
*The title of a 2003 song by Shinedown, "45" see 45 (Shinedown song)
*The title of a 2006 song by noodles, "45"
*The title of a 2007 song by Ryan Shaw, "Do the 45"
*The title of a 2007 song by The Saturday Knights, "45"
*The title of a 1982 album by Kino, 45
*The title of a 2012 song by The Gaslight Anthem, "45"
*Repeated continuously in the 1997 song "Brimful of Asha" by Cornershop

In other fields 

Forty-five may also refer to:
*The '45 refers to the Jacobite rising of 1745 in Great Britain], or the year that World War II ended, which was 1945.
*A card game: Forty-five
*.45 (film), a 2006 motion picture.
*+45 is the telephone dialing code for Denmark
*45 (book), a book of essays by record producer Bill Drummond, derived both from the speed of a pop single and from his age when he finished writing it
*A football match consists of two periods of 45 minutes each.
*Guns or ammunition of .45 caliber. In the United States, "45" is often a reference to one of two specific .45 caliber cartridges— the .45 Colt or the .45 ACP.
*I-45 is the designation for a US interstate highway in Texas, connecting the major cities of Dallas and Houston; it is also the shortest "primary" interstate highway (one ending in 0 or 5)
*The number of the French department Loiret
*The maximum mark an International Baccalaureate student can obtain. 
*In years of marriage, the sapphire wedding anniversary.
*Forty Five (audio drama) a Big Finish 2008 audio play made for the forty fifth anniversary of the British science fiction television show Doctor Who.
*Issue 45 of The North Briton was thought to be seditious but its publisher, John Wilkes, was celebrated as a champion of liberty.  The number 45 was used as a symbol of support for him.  Banquets were held with a theme of 45 while many items were produced showing the number or featuring it in some way.  For example, a wig was produced with 45 curls.
Question:
Which chemical element atomic number 45 is named for the Greek for rose?
Answer:
Rodium
Passage:
Elin Nordegren
Elin Maria Pernilla Nordegren (; born 1980) is a Swedish American former nanny, model and the ex-wife of professional golfer Tiger Woods. 

Early life 

Nordegren was born in Stockholm, Sweden. Her mother, Barbro Holmberg, is a politician and the former Swedish migration and asylum policy minister, and the current Governor of Gävleborg County. Her father, Thomas Nordegren, is a radio journalist who served as a bureau chief in Washington, D.C. She has an older brother, Axel, and a twin sister, Josefin.   Nordegren and her sister worked odd summer jobs and as cashiers in supermarkets to finance their studies.  She started modeling in 2000, and appeared on the cover of Cafe Sport magazine in the summer of 2000.

Marriage to Tiger Woods 

Nordegren took a job in a Stockholm clothing store called Champagne, where she met Mia Parnevik, wife of Swedish golfer Jesper Parnevik, who hired Nordegren as the nanny to their children, a job that required her to move full-time to the U.S.Bernstein, Jacob. [http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2009-11-30/the-mysterious-mrs-woods/2/ The Mysterious Mrs. Woods], The Daily Beast, November 30, 2009. Retrieved July 5, 2010. He introduced her to Woods during the 2001 Open Championship. After Woods' subsequent infidelity was revealed, Parnevik was quoted as having said, "I'm kind of filled with sorrow for Elin since me and my wife are at fault for hooking her up with him, and we probably thought he was a better guy than he is." [People Magazine]  Previously, Woods had asked for a year to be introduced to Nordegren, who was seeing someone else at the time. "She had no interest in Tiger and he was OK with that," Mia Parnevik said. "There was a big line of single golfers wanting to meet her. They were gaga over her."  She had hopes at the time of becoming a child psychiatrist.
In November 2003, Woods and Nordegren attended the Presidents Cup tournament in South Africa and became officially engaged when Woods proposed at the luxury Shamwari Game Reserve.

They were married in October 2004, by the 19th hole of the Sandy Lane resort in Barbados. Woods rented the entire complex for a week, including three golf courses and 110 rooms, costing almost  

Shortly after Nordegren's relationship with Woods became public, nude photographs purporting to be of Nordegren began circulating on the Internet, which were established to be fakes.   Despite the debunking, in 2006, Irish magazine The Dubliner published the nude photographs and stated they were of Nordegren.   On November 16, 2006, Nordegren filed a libel suit against The Dubliner. Nordegren won the lawsuit, and as part of the settlement accepted by a Dublin court, The Dubliner was required to publish a lengthy apology in a variety of venues. Were the magazine to have failed to meet the conditions, the award would have been increased to $366,500 plus all of Nordegren's legal expenses. 

In 2007, Woods announced the birth of the couple's daughter, Sam Alexis Woods, a day after finishing second in the U.S. Open. On September 2, 2008, Woods announced they were expecting another child in late winter.  Nordegren gave birth to a boy, Charlie Axel, in 2009. 

In December 2009, her marriage to Woods was the subject of extensive media coverage after Woods admitted to infidelity, which had been revealed following his single-vehicle accident near the family's Florida home.  Woods subsequently announced he would take an "indefinite break" from golf to work on his marriage.  These efforts were unsuccessful, however, as Nordegren and Woods finalised their divorce in the Bay County Circuit Court in Panama City, Florida, on August 23, 2010.  Nordegren's legal team included her sister, Josefin (who is licensed to practice law in England and Sweden) and several of Josefin's U.S. colleagues at international law firm McGuireWoods. 

Using the $100 million she received from her divorce from Woods, she purchased a $12 million Florida mansion, which had been built in the 1920s. She had the entire structure demolished after an architect advised that it made better sense to start over than to try bringing the home up to current hurricane safety codes. Before demolishing the home in December 2011, she allowed Habitat for Humanity to come into the home for four weeks and salvage anything they found of value.   Many valuable contents of the estate went on the auction block at a Habitat for Humanity warehouse.  Among the items donated to Habitat were a 12-foot fountain with water spouting out of three lion’s mouths,  five Sub-Zero refrigerators, 14 vanities, temperature-controlled wine coolers, as well as other furniture.
 

Education 

In May 2014 Nordegren graduated from Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida, with a degree in psychology, receiving the Outstanding Senior award.
Question:
Which sportsman married Elin Nordgren in 2004?
Answer:
Eldrick Tont Woods
Passage:
New 12-sided £1 coins start being made by Royal Mint ...
New 12-sided £1 coins start being made by Royal Mint - CBBC Newsround
New 12-sided £1 coins start being made by Royal Mint
31 March 2016
Image copyright PA
Pocket money may look a bit different this time next year because the £1 coin is changing.
The new one will have 12 sides instead of a smooth, rounded edge.
It's the first time the pound coin has been changed in more than 30 years.
The Royal Mint, who produce all of our coins, say the new design will make pound coins harder to illegally copy.
Image copyright PA
The coins will not be available to use until March 2017.
But they've already started to be made by the Royal Mint with 4,000 coins being created every minute.
The current coins will not be out of date as soon as the new ones are released. There will be a six month period when both the old and the new pound coins can be used.
Question:
How many sides are there on the new £1 coin to be introduced in 2017?
Answer:
12 sides
Passage:
1976 Winter Olympics
The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games (French: Les XIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver) (German: Olympische Winterspiele 1976), were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated February 4–15, 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria. It was the second time the Tyrolean city hosted the Games, which were awarded to Innsbruck after Denver, the original host city, withdrew in 1972.

Host selection

The cities of Denver, Colorado, United States; Sion, Switzerland; Tampere, Finland; and Vancouver (with the Garibaldi mountains), Canada, made bids for the Games.

The games were originally awarded to Denver on May 12, 1970, but a 300% rise in costs and worries about environmental impact led to Colorado voters' rejection on November 7, 1972, by a 3 to 2 margin, of a $5 million bond issue to finance the games with public funds.  

Denver officially withdrew on November 15, and the IOC then offered the games to Whistler, British Columbia, Canada, but they too declined owing to a change of government following elections.  Whistler would go on to be associated with neighbouring Vancouver's successful bid for the 2010 games.

Salt Lake City, Utah, a 1972 Winter Olympics final candidate who would eventually host in 2002 Winter Olympics, offered itself as a potential host after the withdrawal of Denver. The IOC, still reeling from the Denver rejection, declined and selected Innsbruck, which had hosted the 1964 Winter Olympics games twelve years earlier, on February 4, 1973.

The chart below displays the original vote count for the 69th IOC meeting at Amsterdam, Netherlands, in 1970, before the Denver rejection and the installation of Innsbruck, Austria, as alternate host.

Mascot

The mascot of the 1976 Winter Olympics is a Tyrolean snowman called Schneemann and represents the Games of Simplicity.

Highlights

* First Games under the presidency of Michael Morris, 3rd Baron Killanin
*Austrian favorite Franz Klammer won the men's downhill event in alpine skiing in 1:45.73, after great pressure from his country and defending champion Bernhard Russi of Switzerland.
*Dorothy Hamill of the US won the gold in Figure Skating, and inspired the popular "wedge" haircut. 
*Elegant British skater John Curry altered his routine to appeal to Olympic judges, winning gold.[http://www.olympic.org/uk/games/past/facts_uk.asp?OLGT
2&OLGY=1976 Olympic.org]
*American skater Terry Kubicka attempted – and completed – a dangerous backflip in figure skating.
*Rosi Mittermaier of West Germany nearly swept the women's alpine skiing events, earning two golds and a silver, missing the third gold by 0.13 seconds. 
*Soviet speed skater Tatiana Averina won four medals. The U.S. team won six medals in speed skating. 
*In the 4-man bobsled, the East German team won the first of three consecutive titles.
*The USSR won its fourth straight ice hockey gold medal; for the second consecutive Olympics, Canada refused to send a team.
*Sports technology, in the guise of innovative perforated skis, sleek hooded suits and streamlined helmets appeared in alpine skiing, speed skating and ski jumping, making headlines in Innsbruck. 
*A second cauldron for the Olympic flame was built to represent the 1976 Games. Both it and the cauldron from the 1964 games were lit together.
*The Soviet Union won the most medals with 13 gold, 6 silver, and 8 bronze.
*Bobsleigh and luge competed on the same track for the first time ever.

Venues

*Axamer Lizum – Alpine skiing except men's downhill
*Bergiselschanze – Ski jumping (large hill), Opening Ceremonies 
*Eisschnellaufbahn – Speed skating
*Kombinierte Kunsteisbahn für Bob-Rodel Igls – Bobsleigh, Luge
*Messehalle – Ice hockey
*Olympiahalle – Figure skating, Ice hockey, Closing Ceremonies
*Patscherkofel – Alpine skiing (men's downhill)
*Seefeld – Biathlon, Cross-country skiing, Nordic combined, Ski jumping (normal hill)

Medals awarded

There were 37 events contested in 6 sports (10 disciplines).
Ice dancing made its debut to the Olympics.
See the medal winners, ordered by sport:

Participating nations

37 nations participated in the 1976 Winter Olympic Games.
The '76 Winter Olympics marked the final time the Republic of China (Taiwan) participated under the Republic of China flag and name. After most of the international community recognized the People's Republic of China as the legitimate government of all China, the ROC was forced to compete under the name Chinese Taipei, under an altered flag and to use its National Banner Song instead of its national anthem. Andorra and San Marino participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.

Medal count

(Host nation highlighted)
Question:
Where were the 1976 Winter Olympics held?
Answer:
Innsbrück
Passage:
Lust for Life (film)
Lust for Life (1956) is a MGM (Metrocolor) biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh, based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin.

It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman. The film stars Kirk Douglas as Van Gogh, James Donald as his brother Theo, Pamela Brown, Everett Sloane and Anthony Quinn, who won an Oscar for his performance as Van Gogh's fast friend and rival Paul Gauguin. 

Plot

Vincent van Gogh's obsessive devotion to his art engulfs, consumes and finally destroys him. The apostate religious leaders do not like his zeal for God and they frown on his social activism and care for the poor in a coal mining town. He returns home to his father's house where he is rejected by a woman he obsessively loves, takes up with a prostitute who leaves because he is too poor, and discovers painting, which he pursues while agonizing that his vision exceeds his ability to execute. His brother, Theo van Gogh, provides financial and moral support, while Vincent lives off and on with the critical Paul Gauguin. Vincent begins experiencing hallucinations and seizures and voluntarily commits himself to a mental institution. He signs himself out, and with Theo's help, returns to a rural area to paint, where he ultimately shoots himself in despair of never being able to put what he sees on canvas.

Cast

* Kirk Douglas – Vincent van Gogh
* Anthony Quinn – Paul Gauguin
* James Donald – Theo van Gogh
* Pamela Brown – Christine
* Everett Sloane – Dr. Paul Gachet
* Henry Daniell – Theodorus van Gogh
* Madge Kennedy – Anna Cornelia van Gogh
* Noel Purcell – Anton Mauve

* Niall MacGinnis – Roulin
* Jill Bennett – Willemien
* Lionel Jeffries – Dr. Peyron
* Laurence Naismith – Dr. Bosman
* Eric Pohlmann – Colbert
* Jeanette Sterke – Kay
* Toni Gerry – Johanna (Johanna van Gogh-Bonger)

Production

The film was based on the 1934 novel by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin. Vincent Minnelli directed the film, while John Houseman produced it. They worked with Douglas on the 1952 melodrama The Bad and the Beautiful, for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Principal photography started in August and ended in December 1955 and it was shot on location in France, Belgium and the Netherlands. George Cukor took Minnelli's place as director for the take of a scene. Two hundred enlarged colour photos were used representing Vincent’s completed canvases; these were in addition to copies that were executed by an American art teacher, Robert Parker. To prepare for his role as the troubled painter, Douglas practiced painting crows so that he could reasonably imitate van Gogh at work.  According to his wife Anne, Douglas was so into character that he returned to home in character. When asked if he would do such a thing again, Douglas responded that he wouldn't.

Reception

New York Times critic Bosley Crowther praised the film's conception, acting and color scheme, noting the design team "consciously made the flow of color and the interplay of compositions and hues the most forceful devices for conveying a motion picture comprehension of van Gogh."  Variety said, "This is a slow-moving picture whose only action is in the dialog itself." 

Box office

According to MGM records, the film earned $1,595,000 in the US and Canada and $1,100,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $2,072,000.

Awards

Academy Awards

;Wins  
* Actor in a Supporting Role: Anthony Quinn

;Nominations
* Best Actor: Kirk Douglas
* Best Art Direction (Color): Art Direction: Cedric Gibbons, Hans Peters, Preston Ames; Set Decoration: Edwin B. Willis, F. Keogh Gleason
* Best Writing (Screenplay--Adapted): Norman Corwin

The Best Actor prize went to Yul Brynner, who won for his portrayal of the King of Siam in The King and I. The musical also won the Oscar for Best Art Direction. Minnelli felt that Douglas should have won the award.

Companion short film

MGM produced a short film Van Gogh: Darkness Into Light, narrated by Dore Schary and showing the European locations used for the filming, to promote Lust for Life. In the film, a 75-year-old woman from Auvers-sur-Oise (not Jeanne Calment, who lived in Arles several hundred km to the south), who claims to have known Van Gogh when she was a young girl, meets star Kirk Douglas, and comments on how much he looks like the painter. This short promotional film is shown on Turner Classic Movies occasionally.
At the start and ending of the film, the creators list and thank a number of galleries, collectors and historians who allowed the works of Van Gogh to be photographed for the film.
Question:
Which artist is the subject of the 1956 film ‘Lust For Life’?
Answer:
Vincent Willem Van Gogh
Passage:
Muslim
A Muslim (sometimes spelled Moslem;  historically called a Muhammadan in non-Islamic Anglophone societies) is a person who follows or practises the religion of Islam,  a monotheistic and Abrahamic religion based on the Quran. Muslims consider the Quran to be the verbatim word of God as revealed to the Islamic prophet and messenger Muhammad. They also follow the sunnah teachings and practices of Muhammad as recorded in traditional accounts called hadith.  "Muslim" is an Arabic word meaning "one who submits (to God)".  A female Muslim is sometimes called a Muslimah.  There are customs holding that a man and woman or teenager and adolescent above the age of fifteen of a lunar or solar calendar who possesses the faculties of rationality, logic or sanity, but misses numerous successive Jumu'ahs without a valid excuse, no longer qualifies as a Muslim.  

Most Muslims will accept anyone who has publicly pronounced the declaration of faith (shahadah) as a Muslim. The shahadah states:

The testimony authorized by God in the Quran can found in Surah 3:18 states. 

"There is no god except God", which in Arabic (La Ilaha Ila Allah), is the exact testimony which God Himself utters, also the angels and those who possess knowledge utter. 

Islamic belief commonly held by Muslims include: that God ( Allāh|) is eternal, transcendent and absolutely one (monotheism); that God is incomparable, self-sustaining and neither begets nor was begotten; that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that has been revealed before through many prophets including Abraham, Moses, Ishmael and Jesus; that these previous messages and revelations have been partially changed or corrupted over time and that the Qur'an is the final unaltered revelation from God (The Final Testament). 

The religious practices of Muslims are enumerated in the Five Pillars of Islam, which, in addition to Shahadah, consist of daily prayers (salat), fasting during the Islamic month of Ramadan (sawm), almsgiving (zakat), and the pilgrimage to Mecca (hajj) at least once in a lifetime.

Lexicology

The word muslim (,;,, or moslem,) is the participle of the same verb of which islām is the infinitive, based on the triliteral S-L-M "to be whole, intact".   It is a liturgical phonology that is formed from two components; the pronoun prefix "mu" and the triconsonantal root "slim".  A female adherent is a muslima (). The plural form in Arabic is muslimūn () or muslimīn (), and its feminine equivalent is muslimāt (). The Arabic form muslimun is the stem IV participle  of the triliteral S-L-M.  A female Muslim can variously be called in their etymologically Arabic form of Muslimah, also spelled Muslima, Muslimette, Muslimess or simple the standard term of Muslim.   General alternative epithets or designations given to Muslims include mosquegoer, masjidgoer, or archaic, dated and obsolete terms such as Muslimite or Muslimist.   

The ordinary word in English is "Muslim". It is sometimes transliterated as "Moslem", which is an older spelling.  The word Mosalman (, alternatively Mussalman) is a common equivalent for Muslim used in Central Asia. Until at least the mid-1960s, many English-language writers used the term Mohammedans or Mahometans.  Although such terms were not necessarily intended to be pejorative, Muslims argue that the terms are offensive because they allegedly imply that Muslims worship Muhammad rather than God. 

Meaning

In defining Muslim, the Muslim philosopher Ibn Arabi said:

Used to describe earlier prophets in the Qur'an

The Qur'an describes many prophets and messengers as well as their respective followers as Muslim: Adam, Noah, Abraham, Jacob, Moses and Jesus and his apostles are all considered to be Muslims in the Qur'an. The Qur'an states that these men were Muslims because they submitted to God, preached His message and upheld His values, which included praying, charity, fasting and pilgrimage. Thus, in Surah 3:52 of the Qur'an, Jesus' disciples tell Jesus, "We believe in God; and you be our witness that we are Muslims (wa-shahad be anna muslimūn)." In Muslim belief, before the Qur'an, God had given the Torah to Moses, the Psalms to David and the Gospel to Jesus, who are all considered important Muslim prophets.

Demographics

About 13% of Muslims live in Indonesia, the largest Muslim country, 25% in South Asia, 20% in the Middle East and North Africa,  2% in Central Asia, 4% in the remaining South East Asian countries, and 15% in Sub-saharan Africa. Sizable communities are also found in China and Russia, and parts of the Caribbean. The country with the highest proportion of self-described Muslims as a proportion of its total population is Morocco.  Converts and immigrant communities are found in almost every part of the world.

The majority of Muslims are Sunni, being over 75–90% of all Muslims. The second and third largest sects, Shia and Ahmadiyya, make up 10–20%, and 1% respectively. The most populous Muslim-majority country is Indonesia home to 12.7% of the world's Muslims followed by Pakistan (11.0%), Bangladesh (9.2%), and Egypt (4.9%). Sizable minorities are also found in India, China, Russia, Ethiopia, the Americas, Australia and parts of Europe. With about 1.6 billion followers, almost a quarter of earth's population,  Islam is the second-largest and the fastest-growing religion in the world.
Question:
What name is given to the ninth month of the Muslim year?
Answer:
Ramazaan
Passage:
Let's Face the Music and Dance
"Let's Face the Music and Dance" is a song written in 1936 by Irving Berlin for the film Follow the Fleet, where it was introduced by Fred Astaire and featured in a celebrated dance duet with Astaire and Ginger Rogers. It is also used in Pennies from Heaven, where Astaire's voice is lip-synched by Steve Martin, and in a celebrated Morecambe and Wise sketch involving newsreader Angela Rippon.   

In 1997, it was used in a famous advert for Allied Dunbar.

Barbra Streisand performed a line in her "Color Me Barbra Medley" from the TV special and album "Color Me Barbra". In "New Killer Star", song from David Bowie 2003 album Reality, there's a reference of the title before the chorus. The BBC used Nat King Cole's version of the song as their theme music for the mockumentary series Twenty Twelve.

Notable recordings

*Bea Arthur – Bea Arthur on Broadway: Just Between Friends (2002)
*Tony Bennett – The Beat of My Heart (1957), Bennett/Berlin (1987)
*Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga – Cheek to Cheek (2014) 
*Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band – All Smiles (1968) (aka Let's Face the Music)
*Shirley Bassey – Let's Face the Music (1962)
*Nat King Cole – Let's Face the Music! (1964)
*Natalie Cole – Stardust (1996)
*Barbara Cook – Mostly Sondheim (2002) – in a medley with "The Song is You" (Jerome Kern/Oscar Hammerstein, II)
*Doris Day – Hooray For Hollywood (1959)
*Ella Fitzgerald – Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Irving Berlin Songbook (1958)
*Jane Krakowski – 'The Laziest Gal in Town' – Jane Krakowski Live at Feinsteins's Loews Regency (2010) – Solo Album
*Diana Krall – When I Look in Your Eyes (1999)
*Susannah McCorkle – Ballad Essentials (2008)
*Anita O'Day – Pick Yourself Up (1956)
*Taco Ockerse – Let's Face The Music (1984)
*Renato Russo – The Stonewall Celebration Concert (1994)
*Frank Sinatra – Ring-A-Ding-Ding (1961), Trilogy: Past Present Future (1980)
*Caetano Veloso – Omaggio a Federico e Giulietta (1999)
*Steph Le Sueur – L&D gets Musical (2016)
Question:
Which shoe company used the strap line Let's face the music and dance.
Answer:
Hambro Life
Passage:
South West Surrey (UK Parliament constituency)
South West Surrey is a constituency represented since 2005 by Conservative Jeremy Hunt, who has served as Secretary of State for Health since 4 September 2012, in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament.

Boundaries

The seat covers the towns of Farnham, Godalming and Haslemere and has electoral wards:
*Bramley Busbridge and Hascombe; Chiddingfold and Dunsfold; Elstead and Thursley; Farnham: Bourne, Castle, Firgrove, Hale and Heath End, Moor Park, Shortheath and Boundstone, Upper Hale, Weybourne and Badshot Lea, and Wrecclesham and Rowledge wards; Frensham, Dockenfield and Tilford; Godalming: Binscombe, Central and Ockford, Charterhouse, Farncombe and Catteshall, and Holloway wards; Haslemere, Critchmere and Shottermill; Hindhead; Milford; and Witley and Hambledon in the Waverley District[http://www.official-documents.gov.uk/document/cm70/7032/7032_iv.pdf 2010 post-revision map non-metropolitan areas and unitary authorities of England]

Fifth Periodic Review of Westminster constituencies

The Boundary Commission's recommendations implemented by Parliament for 2010 saw the realignment of the boundary with Guildford in order to bring it in line with adjustment of local government wards. Guildford's electorate was the largest of the county and this aimed to reduce it. Two wards split between the two constituencies: Bramley; and Busbridge and Hascombe, afterwards entirely in South West Surrey; and the ward: 'Alfold, Cranleigh Rural and Ellens Green' was split, so it was for 2010 consolidated into Guildford. The net effect was to increase the number of voters in South West Surrey and reduce the number in Guildford.

A public review was called, dealing primarily with objections to receiving the rest of Bramley. Many petitioned to argue that the village's links, especially transport, were mainly with Guildford rather than the towns of Godalming (or Farnham). The precedent of the previous review was cited, when a proposal to move Bramley out of Guildford and into Mole Valley was rejected after local opposition. However the review felt that this did not justify splitting the ward (something the Boundary Commission seeks to avoid completely) and that the other parts of the ward had strong links to Godalming. Furthermore it cited the point that, in the previous review, Bramley Parish Council had stated that if it were to be moved it would prefer to be moved to South West Surrey and thus argued that the previous objection had accommodated a preferred progressive change towards being wholly in South West Surrey if necessary to equalise electorates.

History

The constituency was created in 1983, largely replacing the former seat of Farnham. It has been consistently won by the Conservative Party, though the majority dropped to a mere 861 votes in 2001, leaving it the Liberal Democrats' third target constituency (by swing required). Since then, however, the Conservative majority has substantially increased, exceeding 28,000 in 2015.

;Prominent members
The member from 1984 until 2005, was former psychiatric social worker, Virginia Bottomley, who became Secretary of State for Health in 1992 (a Privy Council level office).    She then served as Secretary of State for National Heritage from 1995 to 1997.

Similarly, Jeremy Hunt has served in the Cameron Ministry as Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport and then Secretary of State for Health.

Constituency profile

The constituency includes one end of the Greensand Ridge, including the Devil's Punch Bowl and visitor centre at Hindhead.  The area has two railways, a branch line via Farnham, the Alton Line and the Portsmouth Direct Line.  The A3 three-lane highway passes through the seat.

Workless claimants (registered jobseekers) were in November 2012 significantly lower than the national average of 3.8%, at 1.5% of the population based on a statistical compilation by The Guardian. 

Members of Parliament

Elections

Elections in the 2010s

1: After nominations were closed, Haveron was suspended by the Lib Dems following allegations that he had falsified council nomination papers.[http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-england-32480752 Surrey Liberal Democrat candidate Patrick Haveron suspended] - BBC News, 27 April 2015 Although his name would still appear on the ballot as the Lib Dem candidate, the party said he no longer represented them, and the treasurer of the local branch encouraged supporters to vote for the National Health Action Party  candidate instead. 

Elections in the 2000s

Elections in the 1990s

This constituency underwent boundary changes between the 1992 and 1997 general elections and thus change in share of vote is based on a notional calculation.

Elections in the 1980s
Question:
Which member of the cabinet is MP for South West Surrey?
Answer:
Jeremy Hunt (politician)
Passage:
This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us
"This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us" is a song written by Ron Mael of the American pop group Sparks.  It is the opening track on their 1974 album Kimono My House, and was the lead single from the album, reaching number 2 in the UK singles chart.

The original idea for the song was that after each verse Russell Mael would sing a movie dialogue cliché, one of which was "This town ain't big enough for the both of us". They dropped the idea of having different phrases and instead used only the one in the title. The original working title of the song was "Too Hot to Handle".

An acoustic version of the song was recorded in 1985 for the B-side of the "Change" single.

In 1997, Sparks recorded two new versions of the song. The first was an orchestral reworking produced by Tony Visconti which reinstated a verse producer Muff Winwood had cut from the original. The other was for their album Plagiarism as a collaboration with Faith No More, which was released as a single and reached number 40 in the British singles chart.

Winwood added the distinctive Western movie-style gunshots in the studio. It has been claimed that Winwood bet with his friend Elton John that the song would become a top-five hit in the UK charts. Elton John bet that it would not; he lost. 

Track listing

* 1974 original release.
# "This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us – 3:06
# "Barbecutie – 3:10

Personnel

*Russell Mael – vocals
*Ron Mael –  keyboards
*Martin Gordon – bass
*Adrian Fisher – guitar
*Norman "Dinky" Diamond – drums

Chart positions

Original release (1974)

Sparks Vs. Faith No More (1997)

Certifications

Musical style

The vocal sound on the single has been criticised as being "stylised". This may be because the song was written without any regard for the vocal style of Russell Mael. Songwriter Ron Mael has explained:

"This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both of Us" was written in A, and by God it'll be sung in A. I just feel that if you're coming up with most of the music, then you have an idea where it's going to go. And no singer is gonna get in my way.

Russell Mael has claimed in reply:

When he wrote "This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both of Us", Ron could only play it in that key. It was so much work to transpose the song and one of us had to budge, so I made the adjustment to fit in. My voice ain't a "rock" voice. It's not soulful, in the traditional rock way; It's not about "guts". It's untrained, unschooled, I never questioned why I was singing high. It just happened, dictated by the songs. Ron has always written Sparks' lyrics and never transposed them into a rock key for me to sing. He always packed each line with words and I had to sing them as they were. 

Cover versions

* The song has been covered by Siouxsie and the Banshees on their 1987 album Through the Looking Glass, by Heavens Gate on their 1996 album Planet E, and by Theory in Practice on their 2002 album Colonizing the Sun.
* British Whale (recording alias of The Darkness singer/songwriter Justin Hawkins) released a version as his debut single in August 2005, which reached number 6 in the UK charts.
* The track "Arabian Shamuru" on the 1991 Bon Voyage album by Japanese band Mahalik Halili uses almost exactly the same melody as "This Town Ain't Big Enough for Both of Us".
* In live concerts, the electro/dance group Justice have performed the track.
* Arizona's The Format cover it in live concerts frequently, including it on their 2006 EP And Now I Hope You're Alright - Live in California.
* Portuguese band Humanos in their concerts performed a live version, mashing it with "O Corpo É Que Paga"  by Portuguese 1980's icon António Variações, which is available on their live DVD. 
* Sparks' 1997 album Plagiarism included two collaborations with Faith No More – "This Town Ain't Big Enough for the Both of Us" and "Something for the Girl with Everything". Faith No More performed the song live during their 1997–1998 and reunion tours.

Cultural references

The song appears in a dream sequence in an episode of the British sitcom Green Wing. It is performed by two of the characters, Dr. "Mac" Macartney and Dr. Alan Statham, pretending to be Russell Mael and Ron Mael respectively.

The original Sparks version of the song is heard in the 2010 movie Kick-Ass.
Question:
Which group had a hit in 1974 with 'This Town Ain't Big Enough For The Both Of Us'?
Answer:
'SPARKS'
Passage:
Queen Elizabeth II Children And Grandchildren of England
Queen Elizabeth II Children And Grandchildren of England
Queen Elizabeth II Children And Grandchildren of England
Queen Elizabeth II Children
Charles, Anne, Andrew and Edward
  
Queen Elizabeth II Children and Grandchildren : Queen Elizabeth II married her husband Prince Phillip, Duke of Edinburgh on 20 November 1947 in Westminster Abby.  Together Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip share four children, Charles, Anne, Andrew and Edward. Queen Elizabeth II became a mother by first giving birth to Prince Charles in November 1948 and then Princess Anne arrived in April of 1950. While Queen Elizabeth's Children were just toddlers, she acsended the throne and had her coronation in June 1953.
In the past a new Queen would take her husband's surname, but Queen Elizabeth 2 decreed that herself and her children would remain under the House of Windsor.  This royal decree was necessary to combat her father's decree that no royal styles will be granted to someone with a German surname, such as Prince Phillips surname Mountbatten.  These denouncements of German surnames as a British royal name was a public relations move during the first World War.  Interesting enough, both Prince Phillip and Queen Elizabeth II share the same great great grandmother, Queen Victoria.
Queen Elizabeth II Children and Grandchildren
Charles, Prince of Wales
Prince Charles (full name : Charles Philip Arthur George Windsor) is the eldest child and son to Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip of Edinburg born on November 14, 1948.  Originally, the playboy prince, Charles settled down in 1981 to marry his first wife, Lady Diana Frances Spencer, on July 29, 1981.  During their rocky married filled with tabloid stories, the couple provided to sons to the English monarchy, Prince William and Prince Harry.  On April 26, 1996, the couple dissolved the royal marriage in divorce.  In 1997, the beloved Princess Diana died in a fatal car crash with her then lover, .  Later on April 9, 2005, Charles married his long time love
Anne, Princess Royal
Princess Royal Anne (full name : Anne Elizabeth Alice Louise Windsor) is the eldest daughter to Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip of Edinburg born on 15th day of April 1950.  Princess Anne is known for her equestian skills and extreme devotion to charitable works. On November 14, 1973, Princess Anne married her first husband, Mark Phillips.  while married to Mark Phillips the couple introduced her two children, Peter and Zarrra Phillips.  The couple chose not to give them royal styles.  On April 24, 1992, Princess Anne divorced Mark Phillips.  Later she met and married, Timothy Lawrence. Anne's eldest child, Peter married his wife Autumn Phillips and gave her a grandchild, Savannah Phillips.  In March 2011, a sibling will be born for Savannah.
Prince Andrew, Duke of York
Prince Andrew (full name : Andrew Albert Christian Edward Windsor) is the third child and second son to Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip of Edinburg born on February 19, 1960.  Prince Andrew well known for marrying his firey red princess, Sarah Fergusen.  Together and apart Prince Andrew and Sarah Fergusen's exploits are legendary. On July 23, 1986, Prince Edword married Sarah Fergusen in Westminster Abby.  while married to Sarah the couple shared the raising of Princess Beatrice of York and Princess Eugenie of York.  The girls share their parent's knack for drumming up controversey as evident when they worn very flamboyant hats to the wedding of their first cousins, Prince William and Kate Middleton.  Prince Andrew divorced Sarah Fergusen on May 30, 1996.
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex
Prince Edward (full name : Edward Anthony Louis Windsor) is the fourth child and third son to Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip of Edinburg born on March 10, 1964.  Prince Edward is known is known as the theatrical prince.  Prince Edward resigned from his family's occupation in the military to find his place in the theater where he eventual founded the production company, Ardent Productions. On January 6, 1999, Princess Edward married his lovely wife, Sophie Rhys-Jones.  Prince Edward is the only royal sibling that remained married to his first spouse.  Prince Edward and Sophia together raise Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn.
English Royal Family Trees
The regal Queen Elizabeth II family tree describes how continues to serve as the head of the English royal family and uphold her centuries old family traditions.
The scandalous Sarah Ferguson family tree explains how a red headed commoner married Prince Andrew and introduced two very interesting princesses, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenia.  Today Sarah authors books, is a spokesman for upscale products, and collaborated with Oprah Winfrey for a reality show titled, "Finding Sarah" on the OWN network.
The stoic Kate Middleton Family Tree is a story of a commoner who descended from coal minors, but through the entrepreneurial spirit of her parents climbed the social ranks of society to meet Prince William and later marry him to become the next Queen of England.
The intriguing Chelsy Davy Biography and Family Tree is of the life and family history of a colorful young lady that continues to catch the eye of Prince Harry, the party prince.
Question:
Which grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II was the first to marry?
Answer:
Savannah Phillips (British royal family)
Passage:
Tiger Feet
"Tiger Feet" is a popular song by the English glam rock band Mud, released in January 1974.  Written and produced by the songwriting team of Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman. It was the band's first number No. 1 single in the UK Singles Chart. 

Chart position

"Tiger Feet" was a huge success, it was number No. 1 in the UK and Ireland charts for four weeks in 1974 and also topped the charts in the Netherlands. It sold over 700,000 copies in the UK alone and over a million sales globally. It was also the best selling single in Britain that year.

Other information

The single was released on the 7 inch vinyl record format by the RAK music label. The B-side of the single is titled "Mr Bagatelle". 

"Tiger Feet" was featured as part of a medley on Mud's album Mud Rock, which reached number No. 8 in the UK Albums Chart. 

Co-writer and producer Mike Chapman credited bassist Ray Stiles with a particularly memorable bass lick which helped fuel the success of the record.

All-female band Girlschool later covered the song on their 1986 album Nightmare at Maple Cross.

In popular culture

*The song is featured in the Mr. Bean episode "Mind the Baby, Mr. Bean".
*In 2009, the song appeared in television adverts for Flora Margarine.
*It featured as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in London.
Question:
Which group had number one hits in the 1970's with 'Tiger Feet' and 'Oh Boy'?
Answer:
Multi User Dungeon
