Passage:
List of lakes and lochs of the United Kingdom
The list of Lakes and lochs of the United Kingdom is a link page for some large lakes of the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland), including lochs fully enclosed by landghs (pronounced the same way). In Wales a lake is also called a llyn. The words "loch" and "lough", in addition to referring to bodies of freshwater ("lakes"), are also applied to bodies of brackish water or seawater, which in other countries or contexts may be called fjord, firth, estuary, bay etc.

Some of the largest lakes in England and Wales are man-made reservoirs, or lakes whose size has been increased by damming.

Largest water bodies in the United Kingdom

This table includes the ten largest fresh water bodies by area. Lough Neagh is the largest water body in the UK by this measure, although Loch Ness is the largest by volume and contains nearly double the amount of water in all the lakes of England and Wales combined.[http://www.snh.org.uk/publications/on-line/advisorynotes/4/4.htm "Botanical survey of Scottish freshwater lochs"] SNH Information and Advisory Note Number 4. Retrieved 1 January 2010. Loch Morar is the deepest of the UK's lakes and Loch Awe the longest. Murray and Pullar (1910) note that the mean depth of Loch Ness is 57.4% of the maximum depth – higher than in any other large deep loch in Scotland.Murray and Pullar (1910) [http://www.nls.uk/maps/bathymetric/text.cfm?seq=1224 "Lochs of the Ness Basin"] Pages 381-85, Volume II, Part II. National Library of Scotland. Retrieved 2 January 2010. The deepest lake in England is Wast Water which descends to 76 metres (249 ft).

Largest lakes in England 

Largest (natural) lakes in Wales 

Largest reservoirs in the United Kingdom
Question:
Which is England’s deepest lake?
Answer:
Wastwater Screes
Passage:
Private Godfrey
Private Charles Godfrey MM is a fictional Home Guard platoon member and retired shop assistant (Civil Service Stores) portrayed by Arnold Ridley on the BBC television sitcom Dad's Army. and in the 1971 Dad's Army film. He is portrayed by Michael Gambon in the 2016 Dad's Army film.

Personality

Godfrey was born in 1871, and is a gentle, mild-mannered and kindly old man, though more complex than at first evident. He is the only member of the platoon who has retired. In the episode "Branded" it becomes clear that he was a conscientious objector in the First World War, a revelation that initially makes him an outsider. However, after he saves Mainwaring's life, his sister reveals that, far from avoiding service, he earned the Military Medal during the Battle of the Somme, where he served with distinction as a stretcher bearer with the Royal Army Medical Corps, and heroically saved several men's lives (an accomplishment he plays down modestly). This led to him being appointed as First Aid supervisor of the platoon.  Arnold Ridley actually served during the First World War with the Somerset Light Infantry, and fought in the Battle of the Somme where he was severely wounded.  These injuries gave a practical reason for his role: it was much easier for Ridley to carry the first aid bag than a heavy rifle.

Godfrey is a long-standing friend of Sergeant Wilson, and in the episode "High Finance" he lends Wilson a large sum of money when Mrs Pike is blackmailed by Hodges. He lives in picturesque Cherry Tree Cottage with his hard-of-hearing spinster sisters, Dolly and Cissy. He is clearly very fond of them, and often brings them up in conversation. When provisions are needed, his sister Dolly often provides upside-down cakes. 

He is immensely loyal to Captain Mainwaring, who often feels quite guilty whenever he has criticised Godfrey:

Mainwaring: "If you're not fit for active service, perhaps you shouldn't come at all."
Godfrey: "I didn't want to disappoint you, sir."
Mainwaring: "Well done Godfrey."
:from the episode "Everybody's Trucking".

He served for 35 years in the Army department of the Civil Service Stores as a tailor. An aspect of his old age is his weak bladder, which lets him down and postpones all platoon activity, hence his catchphrase, "May I be excused, sir?", and his tendency to fall asleep can be similarly categorised: "I must have dropped off!". 

In the episode "All is Safely Gathered In", it is revealed that Godfrey and Mrs Prentice who owns a local farm were once young lovers. It is revealed by Dolly in the final episode "Never Too Old" that the reason they did not marry was that they were not of the same social class.  When Godfrey informs Dolly that he and Mrs Prentice are still in contact and meet she seems a bit taken aback. Godfrey appears to be representative of the British upper middle class, and often turns up to platoon social functions overdressed in white tie and tails, with top hat and cape.

Medals

Although Private Godfrey rarely wore his ribbons,  he was awarded the usual trilogy of First World War campaign medals (commonly known as "Pip, Squeak and Wilfred"),The 1914-15 Star, the British War Medal and the Victory Medal, nicknamed Pip, Squeak and Wilfred after a trio of popular cartoon characters of the period. in addition to his Military Medal for bravery.

Notes
Question:
In 'Dad's Army' what was the first name of 'Private Godfrey'?
Answer:
A. Charles
Passage:
Home appliance
Home appliances are electrical/mechanical machines which accomplish some household functions, such as cooking or cleaning. Home appliances can be classified into:
*Major appliances, or white goods 
*Small appliances,
*Consumer electronics, or brown goods 

This division is also noticeable in the maintenance and repair of these kinds of products. Brown goods usually require high technical knowledge and skills (which get more complex with time, such as going from a soldering iron to a hot-air soldering station), while white goods may need more practical skills and "brute force" to manipulate the devices and heavy tools required to repair them.

Definition

Given a broad usage, the domestic application attached to "home appliance" is tied to the definition of appliance as "an instrument or device designed for a particular use or function".  More specifically, Collins dictionary defines "home appliance" as: "devices or machines, usually electrical, that are in your home and which you use to do jobs such as cleaning or cooking."  The broad usage, afforded to the definition allows for nearly any device intended for domestic use to be a home appliance, including consumer electronics as well as stoves, refrigerators, toasters and air conditioners to light bulbs and water well pumps.  

History 

While many appliances have existed for centuries, the self-contained electric or gas powered appliances are a uniquely American innovation that emerged in the twentieth century. The development of these appliances is tied the disappearance of full-time domestic servants and the desire to reduce the time consuming activities in pursuit of more recreational time. In the early 1900s, electric and gas appliances included washing machines, water heaters, refrigerators and sewing machines. The invention of Earl Richardson's small electric clothes iron in 1903 gave a small initial boost to the home appliance industry. In the Post–World War II economic expansion, the domestic use of dishwashers, and clothes dryers were part of a shift for convenience. Increasing discretionary income was reflected by a rise in miscellaneous home appliances.  

In America during the 1980s, the industry shipped $1.5 billion worth of goods each year and employed over 14,000 workers, with revenues doubling between 1982 and 1990 to $3.3 billion. Throughout this period companies merged and acquired one another to reduce research and production costs and eliminate competitors, resulting in anti-trust legislation.

The United States Department of Energy reviews compliance with the National Appliance Energy Conservation Act of 1987, which required manufacturers to reduce the energy consumption of the appliances by 25% every five years.

In the 1990s, the appliance industry was very consolidated, with over 90% of the products being sold by just five companies. For example, in 1991, dishwasher manufacturing market share was split between General Electric with 40% market share, Whirlpool with 31% market share, Electrolux with 20% market share, Maytag with 7% market share and Thermador with just 2% of market share.

Major appliances 

Major appliances, also known as white goods, comprise major household appliances and may include: air conditioners, dishwashers, clothes dryers, drying cabinets, freezers, refrigerators, kitchen stoves, water heaters, washing machines, trash compactors, microwave ovens and induction cookers. White goods were typically painted or enameled white, and many of them still are. 

Small appliances 

Small appliances are typically small household electrical machines, easily carried and installed. Some are classified with white goods, and relate to heating and cooling such as: fans and window mounted air conditioners, and heaters such as space heaters, ceramic heaters, gas heaters, kerosene heaters, and fan heaters.  Yet another category is used in the kitchen, including: juicers, electric mixers, meat grinders, coffee grinders, deep fryers, herb grinders, food processors, electric kettles, waffle irons, coffee makers, blenders and dough blenders, rice cookers toasters and exhaust hoods.

Entertainment and information appliances such as: home electronics, TV sets, CD, VCRs and DVD players, camcorders, still cameras, clocks, alarm clocks, video game consoles, HiFi and home cinema, telephones and answering machines are classified as "brown goods".  Some such appliances were traditionally finished with genuine or imitation wood.  This has become rare but the name has stuck, even for goods that are unlikely ever to have had a wooden case (e.g. camcorders).

File:Small appliance.jpg|Small kitchen appliances: a food processor, a waffle iron, a coffee maker, and an electric kettle
File:銅鑼灣店小家電部.jpg|The small appliance department at a store

Networking of home appliances

There is a trend of networking home appliances together, and combining their controls and key functions. For instance, energy distribution could be managed more evenly so that when a washing machine is on, an oven can go into a delayed start mode, or vice versa. Or, a washing machine and clothes dryer could share information about load characteristics (gentle/normal, light/full), and synchronize their finish times so the wet laundry does not have to wait before being put in the dryer.

Additionally, some manufacturers of home appliances are quickly beginning to place hardware that enables Internet connectivity in home appliances to allow for remote control, automation, communication with other home appliances, and more functionality.    Internet-connected home appliances were especially prevalent during recent Consumer Electronic Show events. 

Recycling 

Appliance recycling consists of dismantling waste home appliances and scrapping their parts for reuse. The main types of appliances that are recycled are T.V.s, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, and computers. It involves disassembly, removal of hazardous components and destruction of the equipment to recover materials, generally by shredding, sorting and grading.
Question:
Percy L. Spencer invented which household appliance in 1947?
Answer:
Microwave Applications
Passage:
Buckey O'Neill Cabin
The Buckey O'Neill Cabin was built in 1890 by William "Buckey" O'Neill in what would become Grand Canyon National Park. O'Neill was, among many other things, a member of Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders, who had previously been an author, sheriff, and a judge in his native Arizona. He was killed in action in Cuba in 1898, but was instrumental in establishing what would eventually become the Grand Canyon Railroad.

The cabin is the oldest extant structure on the South Rim. It was used as an office for tourist accommodations in the area during the 1890s, which eventually evolved into the Bright Angel Hotel. After the hotel was sold to the Fred Harvey Company it remained much as it was when built. It was incorporated into the rebuilt Bright Angel Lodge complex by Mary Jane Colter in 1935.

The one-story cabin is a wood frame structure on a low stone foundation, right on the edge of the Grand Canyon. The shallow-pitched roof is covered with wood shingles. The cabin is connected to other lodge buildings using compatible, unobtrusive materials, and has been cited as an early example of an adaptive reuse of a historic structure. The cabin is one of the guest accommodations of the Bright Angel lodge.

The Buckey O'Neill Cabin was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29, 1975. It is included in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District.
Question:
Buckey O'Neill Cabin, Kolb Studio, El Tovar Hotel, Hopi House, Verkamp's Curios, Lookout Studio, Desert View Watchtower and Bright Angel Lodge are historical buildings located at which tourist destination?
Answer:
Colorado Canyon
Passage:
Auskerry
Auskerry (, east skerry) is a small island in eastern Orkney, Scotland. It lies in the North Sea south of Stronsay and has a lighthouse, completed in 1866.

Description

Auskerry is a small, flat, red sandstone islet, 3 mi south of Stronsay.   A standing stone and mediaeval chapel are signs of early settlement. The island was uninhabited for a time after the automation of the lighthouse in the 1960s. It was previously a popular location for hunting seals.

Auskerry has been inhabited for 30 years by a family who keep a flock of rare North Ronaldsay sheep.  There are three small wind turbines and four solar panels on the island, which provide most of the power. After a series of expansions and renovations, the single roomed stone bothy is now a modern house with four bedrooms, kitchen, shower room and living room. The chemical toilet is outdoors due to the complication of installing septic tanks. Mail is delivered from Stronsay, once a month, by a fishing boat. 

Lighthouse

The Hastings County, a 116-metre Norwegian cargo ship ran ashore on north west of Auskerry in 1926 during thick fog.  The vessel broke in half and wreckage is spread over a wide area, with the engine on the beach.

The lighthouse lights the north entrance to the Stronsay Firth.  It was built in 1866 by engineers David and Thomas Stevenson.  It is attached to two flats; the lower one is used all year as a store and the top one is used mainly in summer.

Wildlife

Auskerry is designated a Special Protection Area due to its importance as a nesting area for Arctic tern and storm petrel; 4.2% of the breeding population of storm petrel in Great Britain nest on the island.
Question:
Auskerry, Burray and Cava are part of which Scottish island group?
Answer:
Orkney Islands
Passage:
Uriah Heep
Uriah Heep is a fictional character created by Charles Dickens in his novel David Copperfield.

The character is notable for his cloying humility, obsequiousness, and insincerity, making frequent references to his own "humbleness". His name has become synonymous with being a sycophant.   He is the central antagonist of the latter part of the book.

In book

David first meets the 15-year-old Heep when he is living with Mr. Wickfield and his daughter Agnes, in chapter 15:
[Heep's face] was quite as cadaverous as it had looked in the window, though in the grain of it there was that tinge of red which is sometimes to be observed in the skins of red-haired people. It belonged to a red-haired person—a youth of fifteen, as I take it now, but looking much older—whose hair was cropped as close as the closest stubble; who had hardly any eyebrows, and no eyelashes, and eyes of a red-brown, so unsheltered and unshaded, that I remember wondering how he went to sleep. He was high-shouldered and bony; dressed in decent black, with a white wisp of a neckcloth; buttoned up to the throat; and had a long, lank, skeleton hand, which particularly attracted my attention, as he stood at the pony's head, rubbing his chin with it, and looking up at us in the chaise.

Heep has been employed as clerk to Wickfield for four years, since he was eleven.  Heep's father, who instilled in him the need to be humble, died when Uriah was ten, and for the first part of the novel he lives alone with his mother in their "umble abode". Copperfield takes an immediate and permanent dislike to Uriah, in spite of the latter's persistent, if insincere attempts to win his friendship. Heep addresses Copperfield as "Master Copperfield" well into their adulthood, an indication of his true patronising view.

Heep is repeatedly described as ugly and repulsive, even in his youth - tall, lank and pale with red hair and lashless eyes. Dickens negatively emphasizes Heep's movements as well, described as jerking and writhing; this leads some literary scholars to believe Dickens is describing a form of dystonia, a muscular disorder, to increase Heep's snakelike character.  

Like most Dickens villains, Heep is motivated mainly by greed, but in his character there is a commentary on the English class system. Heep eventually reveals his lifelong resentment at being the object of charity and low expectations. "They used to teach at school (the same school where I picked up so much umbleness), from nine o'clock to eleven, that labour was a curse; and from eleven o'clock to one, that it was a blessing and a cheerfulness, and a dignity, and I don't know what all, eh?" His thwarted ambition is the driving force behind his machinations. As Uriah works for Wickfield over the years, he teaches himself law at night, and by blackmailing Mr. Wickfield, gains control over his business. His ambition is to marry Agnes and gain control of the Wickfield fortune. 

Heep is eventually stymied by Mr. Micawber and Tommy Traddles, with help from David and Agnes. With his treachery exposed, he is allowed to go free. He turns up later in prison, sentenced for "fraud on the Bank of England" and awaiting transportation to an Australian penal colony.

Origins

Much of David Copperfield is autobiographical and some scholars believe Heep's mannerisms and physical attributes to be based on Hans Christian Andersen,   whom Dickens met shortly before writing the novel.  Uriah Heep's schemes and behaviour are more likely based on Thomas Powell,  employee of a friend of Dickens, Thomas Chapman.  Powell "...ingratiated himself into the Dickens household" and was discovered to be a forger and a thief, having embezzled £10,000 from his employer. He later attacked Dickens in pamphlets, calling particular attention to Dickens' social class and background. 

The characteristics of grasping manipulation and insincerity can lead to a person being labelled "a Uriah Heep" as Lyndon Johnson is called in Robert Caro's biography The Years of Lyndon Johnson. Seymour Fleming, a character in the play Babes in Arms, is also called thus.  Author Philip Roth once compared President Richard Nixon to Uriah Heep.  More recently, the historian Tony Judt used the term to describe Marshal Philippe Pétain of the French Vichy government.  Pakistani-British historian and leftist political commentator Tariq Ali likened Pakistani dictator Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq to the character.  And the late Australian journalist Padraic (Paddy) McGuinness writing in the Australian Financial Review referred to former Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating as Uriah Heep, after a fawning interview on ABC television in which Mr. Keating, the owner of extensive real estate holdings and a man generally acknowledged to have a robust ego, affected great humility.   

Film and television

In film and television adaptations, the character has been played by, amongst others, Peter Paget (1934),  Roland Young (1935), Colin Jeavons (1966), Ron Moody (1969), Martin Jarvis (1974), Paul Brightwell (1986), Nicholas Lyndhurst (1999) and Frank MacCusker (2000). 

Cultural references

Music

The British rock band Uriah Heep is named after the character. 

Television

In The Simpsons Season 8 episode "The Old Man and the Lisa", Principal Skinner and the Junior Achievers recycle newspapers at Uriah's Heap Recycling Center.

In the BBC television series Blake's 7, the computer character Slave was described by Peter Tuddenham, who voiced it, as "...a Uriah Heep type of character...." 

Literature

"Uriah Heep" is the name of a lawyer in Santiago Gamboa's novel "Necropolis."

In Jasper Fforde's novel "The Well of Lost Plots", Uriah Hope becomes Uriah Heep through contact with the misspelling vyrus.

A reference to the "'umble' Uriah Heep is the arrant hypocrite" is given in Augustus Hopkins Strong's, Systematic Theology 

In John P. Marquand's novel, "Sincerely, Willis Wayde", Bess Harcourt twice refers to Willis as, Uriah Heep.
Question:
"Which comedy actor played 'Uriah Heap' in the 1999 BBC adaptation of ""David Copperfield""?"
Answer:
NICHOLAS LYNDHURST
Passage:
Reef knot
The reef knot, or square knot, is an ancient and simple binding knot used to secure a rope or line around an object.  It is sometimes also referred to as a Hercules knot.   The knot is formed by tying a left-handed overhand knot and then a right-handed overhand knot, or vice versa.  A common mnemonic for this procedure is "right over left; left over right", which is often appended with the rhyming suffix "... makes a knot both tidy and tight".   Two consecutive overhands of the same handedness will make a granny knot.  The working ends of the reef knot must emerge both at the top or both at the bottom, otherwise a thief knot results.

Although the reef knot is often seen used for tying two ropes together, it is not recommended for this purpose because of the potential instability of the knot, and over-use has resulted in many deaths (see #Misuse as a bend).

Naming

The reef knot is at least between 4,000 and 9,000 years old. The name "reef knot" dates from at least 1794  and originates from its common use to reef sails,   that is to tie part of the sail down to decrease its effective surface area in strong winds.  To release the knot a sailor could collapse it with a pull of one hand; the sail's weight would make the collapsed knot come apart.  It is specifically this behavior which makes the knot unsafe for connecting two ropes together. 

The name "square knot" is found in Dana's 1841 maritime compendium A Seaman's Friend, which also gives "reef knot" as an alternative name.  

The name square knot is often used for the unslipped version of reef knot. Reef knot itself then is understood as the single slipped version, while the name shoelace knot is to indicate double slipped version. Sometimes the name bowtie also may be used to indicate a double slipped version, but tying a bowtie is usually performed on flat material, and involves a slip knot of one end holding a bight of the other end i.e. not really a double slipped reef knot. The name "Square knot" is also used for completely different other knots such as the mathematical concept of square knot, or friendship knot; this last one earns the name by being flat and drawing a square on one face (and a cross on the other face).

Uses 

The reef knot is used to tie the two ends of a single line together such that they will secure something, for example a bundle of objects, that is unlikely to move much.  In addition to being used by sailors for reefing and furling sails, it is also one of the key knots of macrame textiles. 

The knot lies flat when made with cloth and has been used for tying bandages for millennia.  As a binding knot it was known to the ancient Greeks as the Hercules knot (Herakleotikon hamma) and is still used extensively in medicine.   In his Natural History, Pliny relates the belief that wounds heal more quickly when bound with a Hercules knot. 

It has also been used since ancient times to tie belts and sashes.  A modern use in this manner includes tying the obi (or belt) of a martial arts keikogi.

With both ends tucked (slipped) it becomes a good way to tie shoelaces, whilst the non-slipped version is useful for shoelaces that are excessively short.  It is appropriate for tying plastic garbage or trash bags, as the knot forms a handle when tied in two twisted edges of the bag.

The reef knot figures prominently in Scouting worldwide. It is included in the international membership badge  and many scouting awards.   In the Boy Scouts of America demonstrating the proper tying of the square knot is a requirement for all boys joining the program.  In Pioneering (Scouting), it is commonly used as a binding knot to finish off specialized lashing (ropework) and whipping knots.   However, it is an insecure knot, unstable when jiggled, and is not suitable for supporting weight. 

A surgeon's variation, used where a third hand is unavailable, is made with two or three twists of the ropes on bottom, and sometimes on top, instead of just one.

File:Egypte louvre 279 couple detail reef knot.jpg|Detail of Egyptian statue dating from 2350 BC depicting a reef knot securing a belt
File:Ancient Greek jewelry Pontika (Ukraina) 300 bC.jpg|Ancient Greek jewelry from Pontika (now in Ukraine), 300 BC, in the form of a reef knot
File:Kreuzknoten-slip.jpg|Singly slipped reef knot
File:Shoelace_knot.svg|Diagram of common shoelace bow knot, a doubly slipped reef knot
File:Akan MHNT.ETH.2010.25.060.jpg | Weight for weighing gold dust - Knot – MHNT

Misuse as a bend

The reef knot's familiarity, ease of tying, and visually appealing symmetry conceal its weakness.  The International Guild of Knot Tyers warns that this knot should never be used to bend two ropes together.  A proper bend knot, for instance a sheet bend or double fisherman's knot, should be used instead.  Knotting authority Clifford Ashley claimed that misused reef knots have caused more deaths and injuries than all other knots combined.   Further, it is easily confused with the granny knot, which is a very poor knot.

Physical analysis

An approximate physical analysis  predicts that a reef knot will hold if 2\mu e^{\mu\pi} \ge 1, where μ is the relevant coefficient of friction. This inequality holds if \mu \gtrsim 0.24. Experiments show that the critical value of μ is actually somewhat lower. 

Related knots
Question:
A square knot is another term for which type of knot?
Answer:
Reef (knot)
Passage:
By the Sleepy Lagoon
"By the Sleepy Lagoon" is a light orchestral valse serenade by British composer Eric Coates composed in 1930. In 1940, lyrics were added with Coates's approval by Jack Lawrence, and the resultant song "Sleepy Lagoon" became a popular music standard of the 1940s.[http://www.jacklawrencesongwriter.com/songs/sleepy_lagoon.html The Story Behind The Song], jacklawrencesongwriter.com, Retrieved 14 November 2010.

Coates had originally been inspired to write the piece in 1930 while overlooking a beach in West Sussex. His son, Austin Coates, remembers:

It was inspired in a very curious way and not by what you might expect. It was inspired by the view on a warm, still summer evening looking across the "lagoon" from the east beach at Selsey towards Bognor Regis. It's a pebble beach leading steeply down, and the sea at that time is an incredibly deep blue of the Pacific. It was that impression, looking across at Bognor, which looked pink — almost like an enchanted city with the blue of the Downs behind it — that gave him the idea for the Sleepy Lagoon. He didn't write it there; he scribbled it down, as he used to, at extreme speed, and then simply took it back with him to London where he wrote and orchestrated it.""Eric Coates in Sussex", [http://www.musicweb-international.com/coates/sussex.htm Transcript of The Enchanted Garden], BBC local radio programme, devised, scripted and produced by Ian Lace. Available on MusicWeb, Retrieved 14 November 2010.

The resultant piece is a slow waltz for full orchestra lasting roughly four minutes in duration. Michael Jameson suggests that the piece is "elegantly orchestrated" with "a shapely theme for violins presented in the salon-esque genre entirely characteristic of British light music in the 1920s and '30s".  In 1942, Coates's original orchestral version was chosen (with added seagulls) to introduce the BBC Home Service radio series Desert Island Discs, which it still does to this day on BBC Radio 4. 

"Sleepy Lagoon"

In early 1940, songwriter Jack Lawrence came across the piano solo version of "By the Sleepy Lagoon" and wrote a song lyric, then took it to Chappell, the publisher of Coates's original melody. The head of Chappell's New York office, Max Dreyfus, was concerned that this lyric had been added without consulting its famous British classical composer. Dreyfus warned Lawrence that Coates "may resent your tampering with his melody." Dreyfus also didn't think the melody belonged in the popular genre and that it was better suited to its original treatment as a light classical piece.

Later that year, Lawrence attempted to contact Coates in person. Britain was in the middle of World War II, and contrary to Dreyfus' fears, Coates thought the lyrics fitted so well that he retorted he could hardly believe it had been written to a pre-existing melody:

You have set the words to my music so cleverly that one would never suspect that the music had been written first!"
 
The resulting song was published as a collaboration of Lawrence and Coates. After Lawrence showed the song to bandleader Harry James, it was recorded for a major hit (again counter to Dreyfus' thoughts). The James recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 36549. It first reached the Billboard Best Seller chart on 17 April 1942 and lasted 18 weeks on the chart, peaking at number 1.

Other hit versions were recorded by Dinah Shore, David Rose, Fred Waring, Glenn Miller and others. A recording with Tom Jenkins and his Palm Court Orchestra was made in London on 15 March 1949. It was released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalogue number B 9768. Peter Kreuder, piano with rhythm recorded the tune in 1949. The song made the Billboard Hot 100 in 1960, in a version by the Platters, found originally on the flipside of the 1960 top ten "Harbor Lights".  A Khmer language version was apparently recorded in the 1960s.

In 2012, the musical piece became the main musical theme of the water fountain spectacle Aquanura at the Dutch theme park Efteling. Aquanura is the third largest permanent fountain show in the world and the largest in Europe. As the show is performed nightly on a large lake, the creaters used "By the Sleepy Lagoon" as an introduction and linking melody throughout the show. The musical piece was partly rearranged and rerecorded by the Dutch Brabant Orchestra especially for the show.
Question:
By the Sleepy Lagoon is the title tune to which famous radio programme?
Answer:
DESERT ISLAND DISCS
Passage:
Blue Swede
Blue Swede was a Swedish rock band fronted by Björn Skifs which was active between 1973-1975. Blue Swede released two albums of cover versions, including a rendition of  "Hooked on a Feeling", which brought them international chart success.  The band consisted of Anders Berglund (piano), Björn Skifs (lead vocals), Bosse Liljedahl (bass), Hinke Ekestubbe (saxophone), Jan Guldbäck (drums), Michael Areklew (guitar) and Tommy Berglund (trumpet).  They disbanded after Skifs decided to embark on his solo career.

Career

Blue Swede was first formed in 1973, when Björn Skifs, a top vocalist in Sweden, was looking for a band to accompany him during his concerts. 
The band was originally called "Blåblus" (Swedish for "blue blouse" or "blue jeans", a pun on the word "blues" ) and featured Skifs singing the lead vocals. The band got their international breakthrough in 1974 with their cover of the 1968 B. J. Thomas song "Hooked on a Feeling." Blue Swede recorded Thomas' song in 1973, but based its rendition of the song on a 1971 version released by British pop eccentric Jonathan King, which created the "ooga-chaka ooga-chaka" introduction. Blue Swede released "Hooked on a Feeling" in Sweden in May 1973 and in the United States in February 1974. The song reached number one in the U.S. for one week in April 1974 and stayed in the Billboard Hot 100 chart for 18 weeks. The track also topped charts in Australia, Canada, and the Netherlands, where it reached a peak chart position of 26. To capitalize on the success of the song, Blue Swede released an album of the same name that same year.

Throughout the rest of 1974, two follow-up singles from the same album were released: "Silly Milly", which peaked at position 71 in the U.S., and a cover of The Association's "Never My Love", which made the Top Ten by peaking at position 7. From the band's 1975 follow-up album, Out of the Blue, they recorded a medley of "Hush" by Deep Purple and "I'm Alive" by Tommy James and the Shondells (not The Hollies' song of the same name), peaking at position 61 in the U.S, and achieving its greatest chart success in Scandinavia.

In 2014, the band's single "Hooked on a Feeling" featured prominently in the film Guardians of the Galaxy. Prior to the film's release, the song's appearance in a trailer resulted in a significant spike in sales.

Discography

Studio albums

*Hooked on a Feeling (1974)
*Out of the Blue (1975)

Singles

*"Hooked on a Feeling" (1974) U.S. #1
*"Silly Milly" (1974) U.S. #71
*"Never My Love" (1974) U.S. #7
*"Hush/I'm Alive" (1975) U.S. #61
Question:
What was the Blue Swede's only No 1 hit?
Answer:
Hooked On A Feeling
Passage:
Ant venom
Ant venom is any of, or a mixture of, irritants and toxins inflicted by ants.   Most ants spray or inject a venom, the main constituent of which is formic acid only in the case of subfamily Formicinae.

Ant stings

There are only rare examples of stinging ants.  Some notable examples include Solenopsis (fire ants), Pachycondyla, Myrmecia (bulldog ants), and  Paraponera (bullet ants). In the case of fire ants, the venom consists of alkaloid and protein components.  The stings cause cutaneous condition caused by stinging (as distinct from biting) venomous ants.  Particularly painful are stings from fire ants. 

First aid for fire ant bites includes external treatments and oral medicines.
* External treatments: a topical steroid cream (hydrocortisone), or one containing Aloe vera 
* Oral medicines: antihistamines
* Applying zinc oxide or  calamine lotion  . 

Severe allergic reactions can be caused by ant stings in particular and venomous stings in general, including severe chest pain, nausea, severe sweating, loss of breath, serious swelling, fever, dizziness, and slurred speech;  they can be fatal if not treated.
Question:
What acid occurs naturally in bee and ant venom?
Answer:
Metacarbonoic acid
Passage:
Tasman Sea
The Tasman Sea (Māori: Te Tai-o-Rehua ) is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean, situated between Australia and New Zealand. It measures about 2000 km across and about 2800 km from north to south.  The sea was named after the Dutch explorer Abel Janszoon Tasman, who was the first recorded European to encounter New Zealand and Tasmania. The British explorer Captain James Cook later extensively navigated the Tasman Sea in the 1770s as part of his first voyage of exploration. 

The Tasman Sea is informally referred to in both Australian and New Zealand English as The Ditch; for example, crossing the Ditch means travelling to Australia from New Zealand, or vice versa. The diminutive term "The Ditch" used for the Tasman Sea is comparable to referring to the North Atlantic Ocean as "The Pond".

Geography

Extent

The International Hydrographic Organization defines the limits of the Tasman Sea as follows: 

Ridge

The Tasman Sea's mid-ocean ridge developed between 85 and 55 million years ago as Australia and Zealandia broke apart during the breakup of supercontinent Gondwana. It lies roughly midway between the continental margins of Australia and Zealandia. Much of Zealandia is submerged, so the ridge runs much closer to the Australian coast than New Zealand's.

Islands

The Tasman Sea features a number of mid-sea island groups, quite apart from coastal islands located near the Australian and New Zealand mainlands:
* Lord Howe Island (part of New South Wales)
* Ball's Pyramid (part of New South Wales)
* Norfolk Island, in the extreme north of the Tasman Sea, on the border with the Coral Sea (External Territory)
* Middleton Reef (part of Coral Sea Islands Territory)
* Elizabeth Reef (part of Coral Sea Islands Territory)

Adjoining bodies of water

* North: Coral Sea
* Northeast and East: Pacific Ocean
* South and Southeast: Southern Ocean
* West: Bass Strait

History

Moncrieff and Hood were the first to attempt to a Trans-Tasman crossing by plane in 1928. The first successful flight over the sea was accomplished by Charles Kingsford Smith later that year. The first person to row solo across the sea was Colin Quincey in 1977. The next successful solo crossing was completed by his son, Shaun Quincey in 2010.
Question:
The Tasman Sea flows between which two countries?
Answer:
Australia & New Zealand
Passage:
List of all European countries (the continent Europe) in ...
List of all European countries (the continent Europe) in alphabetical order
Sorted by square kilometers
Europe
Europe is a continent located on the more so on the Western hemisphere. This continent is largely responsible for what's now know as Western culture that has a much more distinctive flavor compared to the Eastern Hemisphere (mainly Asian influenced). Europe has 50 countries, and they make up a population of 733 million, which makes them third in population after Asia and Africa.
A lot of mythology comes from Europe particularly Greek and Roman. One of the most famous stories is the Trojan War that still gets talked about today, and even in mainstream media. A movie called "Troy" was released in 2004 based off the storyline. Europe is responsible for spreading the English language (the most common language used throughout the world), but Christianity. These are two of the top influences of spreading Western culture. Also, early United States was built on this European influence. One can still see the influence of early buildings on the East Coast of the United States mainly the New England area, and even the speaking style.
Europe has a very interesting landscape due to some locations particularly Southern Europe having more of a highland and mountainous feel, and other sections having a more plains, undersea kind of feel. A lot is in part to the Gulfstream given the area more water spots as well as warmer climates. Due to this, there are general areas that have a mixed forest feel. You can see the influence of man and how they affect the area for general vegetation as well as wildlife.
Europe has a very diverse sense of people, there demographics include English, Spanish, French, Polish, Irish, German, and many more. There are a great number of languages spoken in Europe, but the main ones spoken come from the Indo-European Family including Albanian, Armenian, Baltic Languages, Celtic, Germanic, and many more. Some of the more popular ones known worldwide are the Romance languages such as French, Spanish, Galician, and Italian to name a few.
The most influential part of Europe is the religion which is based on Christianity in different denominations such as Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Protestant Churches. A lot of European art is based off religion, and you can see that in many different classic pieces. Even in early culture, religion was a big influence until the Renaissance and Reformation movements that also had a big effect on a more global scale.
List of all European countries (the continent Europe) in alphabetical order
1
Question:
Alphabetically, what is the first country in Europe?
Answer:
Republic of Albania
Passage:
H. H. Munro : About the Author @ Classic Reader
H. H. Munro : About the Author @ Classic Reader
Member Login
About the Author
Scottish-born writer whose stories satirize the Edwardian social scene, often in a macabre and cruel way. Munro's columns and short stories were published under the pen name 'Saki', who was the cupbearer in The Rubayat of Omar Khayyam, an ancient Persian poem. Saki's stories were full of witty sayings - such as "The cook was a good cook, as cooks go; and as cooks go she went." Sometimes they also included coded references to homosexuality.
"A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanations." (from The Square Egg, 1924)
Saki was born Hector Hugh Munro in Akyab, Burma (now Myanmar), the son of Charles Augustus Munro, an inspector-general in the Burma police. Munro's mother, the former Mary Frances Mercer, died in 1872 - she was killed by a runaway cow in an English country lane. Munro was brought up in England with his brother and sister by aunts who frequently used the birch and whip. He was educated at Pencarwick School in Exmouth and Bedford Grammar School. From 1887 he traveled with his family in France, Germany and Switzerland. In 1891 his father settled in Devon, where he worked as a teacher. In 1893 Munro joined the Burma police. Three years later he was back in England and started his career as a journalist, writing for the Westminster Gazette.
In 1900 Munro's first book, The Rise of the Russian Empire, appeared. It is a historical study modelled upon Gibbon's famous The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. The book was received with hostile reviews in America. It was followed in 1902 with a collection of short stories, Not-so-Stories. From 1902 to 1908 Munro worked as a foreign correspondent for The Morning Post in the Balkans, Russia and Paris, and then returned to London. In 1914 his novel When William Came appeared, in which he portrayed what might happen if the German emperor conquered England.�
"Only the old and the clergy of Established churches know how to be     flippant gracefully,'' commented Reginald; "which reminds me that in     the Anglican Church in a certain foreign capital, which shall be     nameless, I was present the other day when one of the junior     chaplains was preaching in aid of distressed somethings or other,     and he brought a really eloquent passage to a close with the remark,     'The tears of the afflicted, to what shall I liken them---to     diamonds?' The other junior chaplain, who had been dozing out of     professional jealousy, awoke with a start and asked hurriedly,     'Shall I play to diamonds, partner?' (from Reginald in Russia, 1910)
After the outbreak of World War I, although officially too old, Munro volunteered for the army as an ordinary soldier. He was killed by a sniper's bullet on November 14, 1916 in France, near Beaumont-Hamel. Munro was sheltering in a shell crater. His last words, according to several sources, were: "Put that damned cigarette out!" After his death, his sister Ethel destroyed most of his papers and wrote her own account of their childhood. Like her brother, Ethel never married.
Saki's best fables are often more macabre than Kipling's. In his early stories Saki often portrayed eccentric characters, familiar from Oscar Wilde's plays. Among Saki's most frequently anthologized short stories is 'Tobermory', in which a cat, who has seen too much scandal through country house windows, learns to talk and starts to repeat the guests' vicious comments about each other. 'The Open Window' was a tale-within-a-tale. In the short story 'Sredni Vashtar' from The Chronicles of Clovis (1911) a young boy makes an idol of his illicit pet ferret. It kills his oppressive cousin and guardian, Mrs. De Ropp, modelled on Saki's aunt Agnes. "Sredni Vashtar went forth, His thoughts were red thoughts and his teeth / were white. / His enemies called to peace, but he brought / them death. Sredni Vashtar the Beautiful."
Saki was a misogynist, anti-Semite, and reactionary, who also did not take himself too serious. His stories, "true enough to be interesting and not true enough to be tiresome", were considered ideal reading for schoolboys. However, Saki did not have any interest in safeguarding the Edwardian way of life. "Saki writes like an enemy, " said V.S. Pritchett later. "Society has bored him to the point of murder. Out laughter is only a note or two short of a scream of fear." In 'Laura' the title character is first reincarnated as a destructive otter after her death, and then as a naked brown Nubian boy. Reginald and Clovis, two of his most famous heroes, appeared in a series of stories in which the two soul mates of Wilhelm Busch's Max and Moritz shock the conventional world or leave the reader to read between the lines. When Amabel asks Reginald's help to supervise "the annual outing of the bucolic infants who composed the local choir", Reginald's eyes start to shine "with the dangerous enthusiasm of a convert." Once Reginald states: "People may say what they like about the decay of Christianity; the religious system that produced green Chartreuse can never really die."
Most author biographies courtesy of Author's Calendar . Used with permission.
Question:
What was the pen-name used by the short-story writer H.H. Munro?
Answer:
Saki
Passage:
Pied Piper (novel)
William Morrow) 

Pied Piper is a novel by Nevil Shute, first published in 1942.  The title is a reference to the traditional German folk tale, "The Pied Piper of Hamelin".

Plot summary

The story concerns an elderly Englishman, John Sidney Howard, who goes on a fishing holiday in France after the Second World War breaks out, but before the fall of France.  Entrusted with the care of two British children, and overtaken by events, he attempts to return to England and safety.

His journey is hampered by the unexpected speed of the Nazi invasion of France, and by the fact that he continually finds himself entrusted with the custody of more and more young children. Eventually, he is stranded in Nazi occupied France and he is fully aware that, as an Englishman, he is an enemy to the occupying forces.

While attempting to get passage on a fishing boat, he and his charges are discovered by the Germans.  However, in a final plot twist, the German commandant allows them to escape on the condition that they take his niece with them and send her to relatives in the USA.
His niece is apparently orphaned and had a Jewish mother.

The tale is told by an acquaintance he meets in a London club.

Adaptations

The story was filmed in 1942 and again in 1990 as a CBS made-for-television film, Crossing to Freedom. Howard was played in the 1942 film by Monty Woolley and by Peter O'Toole in the 1990 film.
Question:
Which author's works include 'Pied Piper' and 'No Highway'?
Answer:
Neville Shoote
