Passage:
When You Wish upon a Star
"When You Wish upon a Star" is a song written by Leigh Harline and Ned Washington for Walt Disney's 1940 adaptation of Pinocchio.  The original version was sung by Cliff Edwards in the character of Jiminy Cricket, and is heard over the opening credits and in the final scene of the film. The song has since become the representative song of The Walt Disney Company. The recording by Cliff Edwards and Chorus was released by Victor Records as catalogue number 261546 and 26477A (in USA) and by EMI on the His Master's Voice Label as catalogue number BD 821.

Edwards recorded another version in 1940 for an American Decca Records "cover version" of the score of Pinocchio, conducted by Victor Young and featuring soprano Julietta Novis and The King's Men. It was first released on a 4-record 78-RPM album set, and years later as one side of an LP, backed by selections from The Wizard of Oz. A recording with Christian Rub (with Mister Geppetto's voice), Cliff Edwards and Chorus was released by Victor Records as catalogue number 26479B (in USA) and by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalogue number BD 823. It won the 1940 Academy Award for Best Original Song. It was also the first Disney song to win an Oscar.

Influence

The American Film Institute ranked "When You Wish upon a Star" seventh in their 100 Greatest Songs in Film History, the highest ranked Disney animated film song, and also one of only four Disney animated film songs to appear on the list, the others being "Someday My Prince Will Come" from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ranked at #19, "Beauty and the Beast" from Beauty and the Beast ranked at #62, and "Hakuna Matata" from The Lion King, ranked at #99.

The song reached the top one in Billboard's Record Buying Guide, a predecessor of the retail sales chart. Popular versions included Glenn Miller, Guy Lombardo, Horace Heidt and Cliff Edwards.

In Japan, Sweden, Finland, Norway, and Denmark, the song has become a Christmas song, often referring to the Star of Bethlehem. The Swedish language version is called Ser du stjärnan i det blå, roughly translated: "Do you see the star in the blue", and the Danish title is "Når du ser et stjerneskud", which translates as "When you see a shooting star". In Denmark, Sweden, Finland and Norway the song is played on television every Christmas Eve in the traditional Disney one-hour Christmas cabaret From All of Us to All of You, and the gathering of the entire family to watch this is considered a Scandinavian tradition.

In 1978, Gene Simmons, the bassist and co-vocalist of hard rock band Kiss, covered the song for his Platinum-certified Gene Simmons solo album because he related to the song and was a fan of Disney movies. "When I first heard that song I could barely speak English but I knew the words were true. Anybody can have what they want, the world and life can give its rewards to anyone". 

In 1986, Linda Ronstadt recorded the classic song for her Platinum-certified album For Sentimental Reasons. Released as the album's first single, it peaked at #32 in Billboard Magazine at year's end.

Eliane Elias included the song in her 1987 album Cross Currents.

The Library of Congress deemed the song "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and preserved it into the National Recording Registry in 2009.

Brian Wilson admits that the melody of The Beach Boys hit song, "Surfer Girl", which has the same AABA form,  is loosely based on the Dion and the Belmonts version of "When You Wish upon a Star".     Wilson also covered it on his album In the Key of Disney, which was released on October 25, 2011.

Disney icon

"When You Wish upon a Star", along with Mickey Mouse, has become an icon of The Walt Disney Company. In the 1950s and 1960s, Walt Disney used the song in the opening sequences of all the editions of the Walt Disney anthology television series. It has also been used to accompany the Walt Disney Pictures opening logos – including the present-day logo – since the 1980s. The ships of the Disney Cruise Line use the first seven notes of the song's melody as their horn signals. Additionally, many productions at Disney theme parks – particularly fireworks shows and parades – employ the song.

Jazz

The piece has become a jazz standard.  It has been performed by artists including Louis Armstrong, June Christy, Dave Brubeck Quartet, Glenn Miller, Harry James, Joe Pass, the Keith Jarrett Trio, The Manhattan Transfer, Sun Ra, Jason Becker and Bill Evans.

Lawsuit

The owner of the rights to the song, Bourne Co. Music Publishers, sued Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp., Fox Broadcasting Company, Fuzzy Door Productions, Cartoon Network, Walter Murphy and Seth MacFarlane to try to stop distribution of a 2003 Family Guy episode entitled "When You Wish upon a Weinstein" that parodies the song in a version called "I Need a Jew". A federal judge ruled against Bourne Co, stating that a parody of the song did not infringe on the company's copyright.
Question:
The song 'When You Wish Upon A Star' featured in which film?
Answer:
Pin-Occhio
Passage:
The Eel (film)
is a 1997 film directed by Shohei Imamura and starring Kōji Yakusho, Misa Shimizu, Mitsuko Baisho, and Akira Emoto. The film is loosely based on the novel On Parole by celebrated author Akira Yoshimura, combined with elements from the director's 1966 film The Pornographers. It shared the Palme d'Or at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival with Taste of Cherry.  It also won the 1998 Kinema Junpo Award for Best Film of the Year.

Plot

Acting on the advice of an anonymous note, Takuro Yamashita (Kōji Yakusho) returns home early one night to find his wife in bed with another man. He kills her and then turns himself in to the police. After being released from prison, he opens a barber shop and brings along a pet eel which he talks to while mostly ignoring conversation with others. He helps save Keiko Hattori (Misa Shimizu) from a suicide attempt, resulting in her working at the shop. She starts developing romantic feelings for him, but he acts nonchalant and refuses the boxed lunches she prepares for him when he goes eel-hunting with the fisherman Jukichi Takada. Takuro recognizes the local garbageman from prison and the garbageman starts to stalk Takuro and Keiko, believing that Takuro isn't repentant enough for his crimes. He attempts to rape Keiko and leaves a letter revealing Takuro's past on the door of his barber shop, but it is removed by Takada. Keiko finds out that she is pregnant with the baby of Eiji Dojima (Tomorowo Taguchi), a loan shark, and that it is too late for an abortion. One night the garbageman goes to Takuro's shop and lectures him, accusing him of killing his wife out of jealousy. The two get into an altercation and Takuro fends him off. Keiko goes back to her old company, where she is the vice-president, and retrieves her mother's bankbook. This results in Dojima angrily going to the barber shop, along with henchman, and accusing her of theft since he was planning to reinvest the funds into his business. Dojima's group and Keiko's fight, with the false revelation that Keiko is pregnant with Takuro's child. The police find that Keiko's mother never signed power of attorney papers for Dojima, but a parole violation meeting for Takuro causes him to be sent back to prison for a year. Takuro lets his eel go and accepts a boxed lunch from Keiko, who promises to wait for him with her baby.

Cast

* Kōji Yakusho – Takuro Yamashita
* Misa Shimizu – Keiko Hattori
* Mitsuko Baisho – Misako Nakajima
* Akira Emoto – Tamotsu Takasaki
* Fujio Tsuneta – Jiro Nakajima
* Show Aikawa – Yuji Nozawa
* Ken Kobayashi – Masaki Saito
* Sabu Kawahara – Seitaro Misato
* Etsuko Ichihara – Fumie Hattori
* Tomorowo Taguchi – Eiji Dojima
* Chiho Terada – Emiko Yamashita
* Teresa Saponangelo

Reception

Lawrence Van Gelder of The New York Times said that the film "swims with grace, insight and vast compassion", complimenting the "vivid" cast that allowed the director "not only to bare the passions that seethe beneath the orderly surface and apparent conformity of Japanese life but also to ponder emotions and issues that know no nationality."  David Stratton of Variety described the film as "filled with colorful characters, and fluctuating alarmingly — but with surprising success — among several levels on the emotional spectrum", saying that the director "has created a rich tapestry of characters and situations, all of it vividly brought to life with pristine visuals and a generous emotional warmth."  Describing its cinematography, Noah Cowan of Filmmaker Magazine said that the film "is shot in sunny, saturated colors, lending it the air of a filmmaker content with his achievements in the sunset of his career."
Question:
What is a young eel usually called ?
Answer:
Eels
Passage:
Plexor | Define Plexor at Dictionary.com
Plexor | Define Plexor at Dictionary.com
plexor
noun
1.
Medicine/Medical. a small hammer with a soft rubber head or the like, used in percussion for diagnostic purposes.
Expand
1835-45; < Greek plêx(is) stroke, percussion + -or 2
Dictionary.com Unabridged
British Dictionary definitions for plexor
Expand
noun
1.
(med) a small hammer with a rubber head for use in percussion of the chest and testing reflexes
Word Origin
C19: from Greek plēxis a stroke, from plēssein to strike
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
plexor plex·or (plěk'sər) or ples·sor (plěs'ər)
n.
A small, usually rubber-headed hammer used alone or with a pleximeter in examination or diagnosis by percussion.       Also called percussor.
The American Heritage® Stedman's Medical Dictionary
Copyright © 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company.
Question:
What type of medical instrument is a plexor?
Answer:
A RUBBER HEADED HAMMER
Passage:
What is a Brochette? (with pictures) - wiseGEEK
What is a Brochette? (with pictures)
What is a Brochette?
Last Modified Date: 13 December 2016
Copyright Protected:
These 10 animal facts will amaze you
In French, a brochette is a skewer, and foods cooked on a skewer are said to be en brochette. The word has been adopted into the English language, and English speakers usually interpret “brochette” to refer to food which has been cooked on a skewer, typically in a French style. In some parts of the American south, especially Louisiana, many types of brochettes are available, an enduring testimony to the French cultural influence in these areas. Brochette is available in some French restaurants as well, and it can also be made at home.
Many cuisines around the world have some version of the brochette. In Greece, it is known as souvlaki, while Thais call it satay and many Middle Easterners know it as kabob. As a general rule, people use specific ethnic terms to refer to foods from that nation, and “brochette” is usually used to discuss French food. However, a great deal of fusion between cuisines has occurred, leading to French style brochette served with Thai peanut sauce , for example.
The core of any brochette is, of course, the skewer. Foods are pierced with the skewer for cooking, whether they are grilled, baked, sauteed, roasted, or broiled. Diners can eat food directly off the skewer, sometimes using the skewer as a handle to dip the food in sauce, or they can tease the food off with an eating utensil for more tidy consumption. Typically, foods are coated in a marinade or rub before they are cooked.
Meats such as lamb, chicken, game, and seafood are common offerings in brochettes. Vegetables and fruits can also be used, and many cooks mix the two for flavor variation. Brochette may be served on its own, sometimes with a dipping sauce, or it may be part of a larger plate, as is the case with brochette served over rice or pasta. It is a common inclusion at buffet spreads, since brochettes can be easily picked up and handled by guests.
Making a brochette at home is quite easy. You'll need skewers and whatever ingredients you would like to cook on them, along with a marinade. For a very basic marinade, try mixing olive oil, vinegar , Worcestershire sauce, garlic , finely chopped onions, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Cut the food into evenly sized chunks, and marinate it for at least half an hour before putting it on the skewers. Cook the skewers using your method of choice, and serve warm with slices of lemon.
Ad
Question:
How is food en brochette cooked and/or served?
Answer:
On a Skewer
Passage:
Radetzky March
Radetzky March, Op. 228, is a march composed by Johann Strauss Sr. and dedicated to Field Marshal Joseph Radetzky von Radetz. First performed on 31 August 1848 in Vienna, it soon became quite popular among regimented marching soldiers. It has been remarked that its tone is more celebratory than martial; Strauss was commissioned to write the piece to commemorate Radetzky's victory at the Battle of Custoza.

Origin

Strauss had already used the famous theme in his Jubel-Quadrille, Op. 130; the upbeat bears considerable resemblance to the second theme from the Allegro in Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 100 composed in 1794. The striking rhythmic pattern—three anapaests, one iamb—has since then been popularised by numerous parody versions. 

For the trio, Strauss used an older folk melody called Alter Tanz aus Wien or Tinerl-Lied (Tinerl was a popular Viennese songstress of the day) which was originally in 3/4 time. When Radetzky came back to Vienna after winning the battle of Custoza (1848), his soldiers were singing the then-popular song. Allegedly Strauss heard this singing and incorporated the melody, converted to 2/4 time, into the Radetzky March. 

Reception

Along with the Blue Danube waltz by Johann Strauss Jr., the piece became an unofficial Austrian national anthem. In 1932 Joseph Roth published his famous novel Radetzky March, chronicling the decline and fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Up to today, the theme is used in numerous promotional jingles and at major sport events, in particular at football matches of the Austrian national team. 

When it was first played in front of Austrian officers, they spontaneously clapped and stamped their feet when they heard the chorus. This tradition, with quiet rhythmic clapping on the first iteration of the melody, followed by thunderous clapping on the second, is kept alive today by audience members who know the custom when the march is played in classical music venues in an orchestral version prepared by Leopold Weninger (1879–1940). It is traditionally played as the last piece at the New Year's Concert (Neujahrskonzert) of the Vienna Philharmonic. In 2001, under conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt, the orchestra performed both the original and the convert version. The Philharmonics did not play the Radetzky March on 1 January 2005, because of overwhelming losses due to the devastating tsunami in the Indian Ocean a few days before.

Since 1896, this has been the official presentation march of the Chilean Army's Military School of the Liberator Bernardo O'Higgins. The 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards of the United Kingdom adopted the Radetzky March as its regimental quick march.  The Sri Lanka Armoured Corps, whose practices and traditions are based on those of the 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards, also use the Radetzky March as its regimental quick march.

Piece parts

The Radetzky March consists of three main parts:
*The introduction: the whole orchestra plays and the brass section carries the melody.
*The first figure: played by the string section.
*At figure two: the whole orchestra plays until figure three, when it repeats back to the D.S. (first figure).
*The trio: played by the brass section, with the trumpet playing three triplets in the last bars.
*Figure five: the whole orchestra plays. 
*Figure six: the whole orchestra plays and then repeats back to figure five.
*The orchestra plays until the last bar, then returns to the D.C. (beginning).
*The orchestra plays until figure three, finishing with the Fine ("end") bar—i.e., the direction is Da capo al fine (repeat from beginning up to the word Fine).
Question:
"Who composed ""The Radetzky March""?"
Answer:
Johann Strauß I
Passage:
Middleton Cup – Sponsored by Northavon M&E – Somerset ...
Middleton Cup – Somerset Bowls Association
You are here: : Home | Teams | Men |Middleton Cup
Middleton Cup Admin 2017-01-05T16:06:34+00:00
About Somerset Bowls
The Somerset Bowls Association (SBA) was founded in 2009 upon the unification of the two historic single gender County Associations. The Somerset County Bowling Association (men) had been founded in 1914 whilst the Somerset Ladies County Bowling Association came into being in 1928. The ladies association...
Question:
In which sport is the Middleton Cup awarded?
Answer:
Crown-green bowls
Passage:
Candy corn
Candy corn is a candy most often found in the United States and Canada, popular  primarily around Halloween. The three colors of the candy – a broad yellow end, a tapered orange center, and a pointed white tip – mimic the appearance of kernels of corn.  Each piece is approximately three times the size of a real kernel from a ripe or dried ear.

Candy corn is made primarily from sugar, corn syrup, confectioner's wax, artificial coloring and binders. 

History

Candy corn was created in the 1880s by George Renninger of the Philadelphia, PA-based Wunderle Candy Company. The Goelitz Confectionery Company began production at the turn of the century and called the product "Chicken Feed."[http://www.bhg.com/halloween/recipes/the-history-of-candy-corn/ Broek, Sara. "The History of Candy Corn: A Halloween Candy Favorite," Better Homes and Gardens] In 2001 the company was renamed the "Jelly Belly Candy Company." 

Sales

The National Confectioners Association estimates that 20 million pounds (just over 9072 metric tons) of candy corn are sold annually. 

Production

Originally the candy was made by hand.  Manufacturers first combined sugar, corn syrup, carnauba wax, and water and cooked them to form a slurry. Fondant was added for texture and marshmallows were added to provide a soft bite. The final mixture was then heated and poured into shaped molds. Three passes, one for each colored section, were required during the pouring process.

The recipe remains basically the same today. The production method, called "corn starch modeling," likewise remains  the same, though tasks initially performed by hand were soon taken over by machines invented for the purpose. 

Variants

A popular variation called "Indian corn" features a chocolate brown wide end, orange center and pointed white tip, often available around Thanksgiving. During the Halloween season, blackberry cobbler candy corn can be found in eastern Canada. Confectioners have introduced additional color variations suited to other holidays. The Christmas variant (sometimes called "reindeer corn")  typically has a red end and a green center; the Valentine's Day variant (sometimes called "cupid corn")  typically has a red end and a pink center; In the United States during Independence Day celebrations, corn with a blue end, white center, and red tip (named "freedom corn") can be found at celebratory cook outs and patriotic celebrations; the Easter variant (sometimes called "bunny corn") is typically only a two-color candy, and comes with a variety of pastel bases (pink, green, yellow, and purple) with white tips all in one package. In 2011, there were caramel apple and green apple candy corn variants. In 2013 there were s'mores and pumpkin spice variants. In 2014, carrot corn was also introduced for the Easter season, typically being green and orange, and having a carrot cake type flavor.
Question:
What color is the tip on a standard piece of candy corn?
Answer:
White (Colour)
Passage:
Sandwich tern
The Sandwich tern (Thalasseus sandvicensis) is a seabird of the tern family, Sternidae. It is very closely related to the lesser crested tern (T. bengalensis), Chinese crested tern (T. bernsteini), Cabot's tern (T. acuflavidus), and elegant tern (T. elegans) and has been known to interbreed with the lesser crested.

The Sandwich tern is a medium-large tern with grey upperparts, white underparts, a yellow-tipped black bill and a shaggy black crest which becomes less extensive in winter with a white crown. Young birds bear grey and brown scalloped plumage on their backs and wings. It is a vocal bird. It nests in a ground scrape and lays one to three eggs.

Like all Thalasseus terns, the Sandwich tern feeds by plunge diving for fish, usually in marine environments, and the offering of fish by the male to the female is part of the courtship display.

Taxonomy

The terns, family Sternidae, are small to medium-sized seabirds, gull-like in appearance, but usually with a more delicate, lighter build and shorter, weaker legs. They have long, pointed wings, which gives them a fast buoyant flight, and often a deeply forked tail. Most species are grey above and white below, and have a black cap which is reduced or flecked with white in the winter.

The Sandwich tern was originally described by ornithologist John Latham in 1787 as Sterna sandvicensis, but was recently moved to its current genus Thalasseus (Boie, 1822) following mitochondrial DNA studies which confirmed that the three types of head pattern (white crown, black cap, and black cap with a white blaze on the forehead) found amongst the terns corresponded to distinct clades. The current genus name is derived from Greek Thalassa, "sea", and sandvicensis, like the English name, refers to Sandwich, Kent, Latham's type locality. In birds, the specific name sandvicensis usually denotes that the species was first described from Hawaii, formerly known as the "Sandwich Islands", but the Sandwich tern does not occur there.

This bird has no subspecies. Two former subspecies are now treated as a separate species called Cabot's tern (T. acuflavidus), which breeds on the Atlantic coasts of North America, wintering in the Caribbean and further south, and has wandered to Western Europe. The former species, T. s. eurygnatha (Saunders 1876), is sometimes treated as a separate species called the Cayenne tern (T. eurygnatha), which breeds on the Atlantic coast of South America from Argentina north to the Caribbean, intergrading with T. acuflavidus in the north of its range. The DNA analysis showed that Cayenne tern differed genetically from T. acuflavidus, but the difference was not sufficient to confirm it as a definite separate species.

Description

This is a medium-large tern, 37 - long with an 85 - wingspan, which is unlikely to be confused within most of its range, although the South American race could be confused with the elegant tern.

The Sandwich tern's thin sharp bill is black with a yellow tip, except in the yellow or orange billed South American race. Its short legs are black. Its upperwings are pale grey and its underparts white, and this tern looks very pale in flight, although the primary flight feathers darken during the summer.

The lesser crested tern and elegant tern differ in having all-orange bills; lesser crested also differs in having a grey rump and marginally stouter bill, and elegant in having a slightly longer, slenderer bill. Chinese crested tern is the most similar to Sandwich, but has a reversal of the bill colour, yellow with a black tip; it does not overlap in range with Sandwich tern so confusion is unlikely.

In winter, the adult Sandwich tern's forehead becomes white. Juvenile Sandwich terns have dark tips to their tails, and a scaly appearance on their back and wings, like juvenile roseate terns.

The Sandwich tern is a vocal bird; its call is a characteristic loud grating kear-ik or kerr ink.

Behaviour

This species breeds in very dense colonies on coasts and islands, and exceptionally inland on suitable large freshwater lakes close to the coast. It nests in a ground scrape and lays one to three eggs. Unlike some of the smaller white terns, it is not very aggressive toward potential predators, relying on the sheer density of the nests—often only 20 - apart and nesting close to other more aggressive species such as Arctic terns and black-headed gulls to avoid predation.

Like all Thalasseus terns, the Sandwich tern feeds by plunge-diving for fish, almost invariably from the sea. It usually dives directly, and not from the "stepped-hover" favoured by Arctic terns. The offering of fish by the male to the female is part of the courtship display.

Status

The Sandwich tern has an extensive global range estimated at 100000 –. It has a population estimated at 460,000–500,000 individuals. Population trends have not been quantified, but the species is not believed to approach the thresholds for the population decline criterion of the IUCN Red List (i.e., declining more than 30% in ten years or three generations). For these reasons, the species is evaluated as least concern.

The Sandwich tern is among the taxa to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds (AEWA) applies. Parties to the agreement are required to engage in a wide range of conservation actions which are describes in a detailed action plan. This plan should address key issues such as species and habitat conservation, management of human activities, research, education, and implementation.

File:Sterna sandvicensis Brandseeschwalbe.jpg| T. sandvicensis approaching its waiting offspring with a fish
File:Sterna sandvicensis01.jpg|T. sandvicensis with common terns
File:Sandwich Tern from the Crossley ID Guide Britain and Ireland.jpg|ID composite
Question:
Sandwich, Little Whiskered and Arctic are all types of which bird?
Answer:
TERN
Passage:
The History of New York Scandals - Mae West’s ‘Sex’ Capade ...
The History of New York Scandals - Mae West’s �Sex’ Capade -- New York Magazine
(Photo: Bettmann/Corbis)
1927
In a 1925ï¿½26 New York theater season with acclaimed new plays by O’Neill (The Great God Brown), O’Casey (Juno and the Paycock), and Coward (Hay Fever), critics agreed that the rock bottom was Sex, the first Broadway vehicle written by and starring the voluptuous vaudeville trouper Mae West. Sex was ï¿½street sweepings,ï¿½ in the verdict of The New Yorker, and ï¿½a crude, inept play, cheaply produced and poorly acted,ï¿½ according to the Times. The paper’s review did helpfully note that the show’s ï¿½one torrid love sceneï¿½ lived up to its title. An ad warning patrons who ï¿½cannot stand excitementï¿½ to ï¿½see your doctor before visiting Mae Westï¿½ didn’t hurt either. The play outlasted nearly all the competition. Variety christened its heroine, a Montreal lady of the evening with a fondness for sailors, ï¿½the Babe Ruth of stage prosties.ï¿½
Politics turned a hit into a Jazz Age phenomenon. When New York’s rakish mayor, Jimmy Walker , took a Havana holiday in February 1927, the acting mayor, Joseph V. (ï¿½Holy Joeï¿½) McKee, raided three risqué Broadway shows. West was the prime target: Sex, then in the tenth month of its run, had been seen by 325,000 theatergoers. To the delight of the tabloid press, its twenty actors were hauled off to a police station in Hell’s Kitchen. The star spent the night in the Jefferson Market Women’s Prison.
West bailed out her company. The court had offered to drop charges if she would close the show. But she knew that in showbiz, crime paid. The grand jury’s claim that her ï¿½obscene, indecent, immoral, and impure dramaï¿½ would abet ï¿½the corruption of the morals of youthï¿½ was better than any rave review. Festooned with white roses, she rode a limo to incarceration on Welfare Island and boasted of wearing silk underwear throughout her eight-day stay there. When Liberty magazine paid her $1,000 for an exit interview, she used it to start a Mae West Memorial Library for female prisoners.
A later West playï¿½The Pleasure Man, awash in female impersonators and homosexualityï¿½would be raided and shut down at its second Broadway performance in 1928. Undaunted, she eventually revived Sex and toured the Depression-era Midwest without incident, before arriving in Hollywood, where, paired with Cary Grant and W. C. Fields, she hit superstardom as she was reaching 40. The Bushwick-born, self-invented West (1893ï¿½1980) wrote the Ur-text for Madonna and Lady Gaga, repeatedly breaking gender and sexual barriers over a marathon career as a writer, performer, free-speech provocateur, and showbiz entrepreneur. Her pioneering playbook for turning scandal into profits remains the gold standard in American pop culture to this day.
Question:
Who was jailed for her 'obscene' stage play Sex?
Answer:
Mae West
Passage:
Patron Saint of Mountaineers: St. Bernard of Menthon ...
Patron Saint of Mountaineers: St. Bernard of Menthon | Mountain Prayer
Patron Saint of Mountaineers: St. Bernard of Menthon
Have you ever thought there was a patron saint for mountaineers?
Source: Wikipedia.org
Bernard was born ca. 1020, in Menthon. He was descended from a rich and noble family and received thorough education. When he had reached his majority age, he decided to devote himself to the service of the Church and refused an honorable marriage proposed by his father. In popular legend it is said that he had to sneak out of the castle on the night before an arranged wedding, and that during his flight from the castle, he threw himself from his window, only to be captured by angels and lowered gently to the ground 40 feet (12 meters) below.
Under guidance of Peter- Archdeacon of Aosta, he rapidly progressed and was later on ordained to priesthood. On account of his learning and virtue, he was appointed to succeed his mentor as archdeacon of the cathedral, giving him the charge of the government of the diocese, directly under the bishop.
Seeing the old pagan ways still prevailing among the people of the Alps, Bernard resolved to devote himself to their conversion. For 42 years he continued to preach the Gospel to these people and even into many cantons of Lombardy, effecting numerous conversions and working many miracles.
St. Bernards Pass
Nederlands: Pashoogte van de Sint Bernard (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
For another reason, Bernard’s name will forever be famous in history. Since the most ancient times there has been a path across the Pennine Alps leading from the valley of Aosta to the Swiss canton of Valais. The traditional route of this pass is covered with perpetual snow from seven to eight feet deep, and drifts sometimes accumulate to the height of forty feet. Although the pass was extremely dangerous, especially in springtime on account of avalanches, it was often used by French and German pilgrims on their way to Rome.
In his office as archdeacon, Bernard had the charge of caring for the poor and travelers. For their convenience and protection, Bernard founded a canony and hospice at the highet point of the pass, 8,000 feet above sea-level, in the year 1050, at the site which has came to bear his name.
The last act of St. Bernard’s life was the reconciliation of two nobleman whose strife threatened a fatal outcome. He died on June 1081 in the Imperial Free City of Novara and was interred in the monastery of St. Lawrence.
Share this:
Question:
Who is the patron saint of mountaineers?
Answer:
St. Bernard
Passage:
Herzogenaurach
Herzogenaurach (East Franconian: Herziaura) is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is best known for being the home of the sporting goods companies Adidas and Puma,   as well as the large car parts manufacturer Schaeffler Group.

Geography

Herzogenaurach is situated in the Middle Franconia area of Bavaria, approx. 23 km or 14 miles northwest of Nuremberg. The town is located on the Aurach river, a tributary of the Regnitz river.

History

Herzogenaurach was first mentioned in a document from 1002 under the name of Uraha when Holy Roman Emperor Henry II granted the town to the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg.

Economy

Herzogenaurach is the birthplace of two sporting goods giants: Adidas and Puma, founded by the two brothers Adolf Dassler and Rudolf Dassler, after an acrimonious familial split in 1948. Both companies' headquarters are still located in the town on opposite sides of the Aurach River, and brand loyalty is sharply divided as well. For years, Adidas and Puma workers would not associate and even when Adolf and Rudi died, they were buried in opposite ends of the town Cemetery. 

Also the headquarters of Schaeffler Group are located in Herzogenaurach.

Sporting

The Argentina national football team resided in Herzogenaurach for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.

Néstor De la Torre, Mexico's Director of National Teams, said the Selección de fútbol de México (Mexico national team) would gather for 12 days in the city, its last stop before heading to South Africa for the 2010 World Cup.

Herzo Base

Herzogenaurach was the location of a military airfield beginning in the 1930s. The airfield was originally designed as an airfield by a French architect and constructed by the Deutsche Luftwaffe (Air Force), named Deutsche Fliegerschule (German pilot school). Initially, the post was limited in its use as a Hitler youth training school due to limitations imposed by the Versailles Treaty after World War I.

However, fighter pilots soon began training in civilian clothing. In March 1936, the Luftwaffe took official control. The airfield was mainly used as a fuelling point for aircraft providing air cover for troops during the invasion of Austria and Czechoslovakia. On 9 November of each year, planes took off from the airfield to fly over the party rallies staged at Zeppelinwiese (Soldier's Field) in Nuremberg.

During the Western Allied invasion of Germany in April 1945, the United States Third Army seized the airfield. It was designated as ALG R-29. It was first occupied by a transportation unit followed by the USAAF 354th Fighter Group in May. In May 1946, the 2nd Radio Corps took over the installation and renamed it "Herzo Base". In 1947 the base was occupied by the U.S. Army Security Agency up until 1971, when it was replaced by the 210th Field Artillery Group (re-designated as the 210th Field Artillery Brigade on 16 September 1980) which occupied Herzo Base until 1992. Then Herzo Base was included in the base closure plan. On 4 August 1992, the installation was officially returned to the German Government.     It has since served as a civilian recreational airfield,  with ICAO code EDQH.

International relations

Herzogenaurach is twinned with:
*  Wolfsberg, Austria, since 1968
*  Kaya, Burkina Faso, since 1972
*  Nova Gradiška, Croatia, since 1980
*  Sainte-Luce-sur-Loire, France, since 1988
Question:
Currently based in Herzogenaurach, Germany, which major German multinational company  produces high-end athletic shoes?
Answer:
PUMA
Passage:
Spode China - Collector Information | Collectors Weekly
Spode China - Collector Information | Collectors Weekly
Spode China
Overview eBay Auctions Show & Tell Articles
Josiah Spode founded his Spode pottery around 1770 at Stroke-on-Trent in Staffordshire. Even before Spode arrived, this area was well known as “The Potteries,” one of Britain’s most important districts for the production of porcelain.
In 1785, Spode began producing its line of blue-on-pearl china , which was to become its first success thanks to the skill of designer Thomas Minton in the early 1790s. Spode’s pieces were distinctive for the depth and richness of their blue color—the pottery refined its own cobalt to achieve the effect. This blue-and-white china remained one of Spode’s most distinctive products for decades to come, though Spode also produced a variety of unglazed lines, including basalts, redwares, and canewares.
When Josiah Spode passed away, his son, Josiah Spode II, took over the business in 1797. Spode II continued the research his father had begun into bone-ash porcelain. Potteries had experimented with adding burnt animal bone to their porcelain for a few decades, but Spode II perfected the proportions of this mix between 1797 and 1798.
A mix of between 33 and 50 percent burnt animal bone, plus equal amounts of feldspar and quartz, yielded porcelain that was extremely white, strong, cheap to produce, and translucent. This bone-ash, or soft-paste, porcelain soon spread to other British potteries, giving England the boost it needed to stay competitive in the international market. By 1820, Spode’s approach to porcelain became the standard formula for bone china . Spode’s porcelain pieces often featured elaborate painted decorations, sometimes with exotic or foreign characters in novel scenes.
With the popularity of its bone-ash porcelain, Spode became the most successful Staffordshire pottery from 1800 to 1833. Its pieces had few flaws compared to the products of other companies—its glaze did not craze, its colors did not flake. Spode produced a wide variety of lines, including tea wares, dinner wares, and dessert wares, alongside incense burners, pen trays, cabinet pieces, and more. Master decorator Henry Daniel fostered high-quality designs on Spode’s polychromatic and gilded pieces, and C. F. Hürten painted many exquisite vases.
Each Spode piece was marked with the family name alongside a pattern number in red. This pattern number started at 1 in 1800—by 1833, it had reached 5000. Pattern #1166 is particularly noteworthy for its elaborate decoration. Other noteworthy pattern lines included Willow, which was first developed by Josiah Spode I around 1790; Tower; Camilla; and London, which was copied by many other makers between 1815 and 1825. Spode also produced imitation Chinese wares. Before 1805, these pieces featured a “Spode Stone China” mark alongside a fake Chinese seal.
In 1833, William Taylor Copeland took the reins at Spode after Josiah Spode III died, and he renamed the company Copeland and Garrett. In 1847, Copeland and Garrett became W. T. ...Copeland, and then W. T. Copeland and Sons in 1867. During this period, the company began producing Parian ware, its line of statuary porcelain busts and figures.
These small-scale figures were inspired by (and sometimes simply replicated) classical sculptures from ancient Greece and Rome, and they were finished to resemble marble. These affordable pieces allowed the general public to bring fine classical art into their homes. Copeland displayed these figures at the 1851 London Great Exhibition, where they were extremely successful and popular. Alongside the Parian figures, Copeland continued to produce fine bone china and earthenware.
Copeland’s production facilities remained at Spode’s original Staffordshire location. In 1970, the company’s name changed back to Spode Ltd., which became Royal Worcester Spode Ltd. in 1976. Royal Worcester Spode experienced severe financial difficulties in the 2000s and was purchased by Portmeirion in April 2009. Portmeirion has continued to use the Royal Worcester Spode name in its product line.
Question:
Spode pottery is made in which European country?
Answer:
Englnad
Passage:
Henley on Todd Regatta – August each Year | FREE CAMPING ...
Henley on Todd Regatta – August each Year | FREE CAMPING AUSTRALIA
You are here: Home / Outback Events / Henley on Todd Regatta – August each Year
Henley on Todd Regatta – August each Year
September 19, 2015 by admin Leave a Comment
The race is held annually in the dry sandy bed of the Todd River
Henley on Todd Regatta (also called the Todd River Race) is a “boat” race held annually (normally the third Saturday in August) in the typically dry sandy bed of the Todd River in Alice Springs. It began and continues cautiously as a joke at the expense of the original British settlers and the formal atmosphere of the British river races which continue today.
Every year in the spring, around September, the town holds the Henley on Todd Regatta where large numbers of locals and tourists attend. Food and drink are sold at stalls, “no fishing” signs are put up, and the celebration takes all day. It is the only dry river regatta in the world; thus, it is the only regatta ever cancelled because of wet weather and there was actually water in the river. This happened in 1993, when the event was cancelled for the year due to flooding.
Boats are driven by teams armed with flour bombs and water cannons
“Boats” are made from metal frames and hung with banners and advertisements, and teams of “rowers” run their boats in races through the hot sand. Races are also held in washtubs, human-sized mouse wheels and at the final event, modified trucks decked out as boats are driven by teams armed with flour bombs and water cannon. Many bystanders end up as casualties of the final battle. Traditional Henley on Todd Regatta teams include Pirates and Vikings, complete with costumes. Who wins the final battle can be difficult to determine; even the announcers occasionally get a blast.
The Henley on Todd Regatta is run entirely by volunteers from the three Rotary Clubs in Alice Springs. Over the years well in excess of  a million dollars has been raised for local, national and international humanitarian projects.
“The Territory’s longest running iconic event!”
When – Third Saturday in August each Year
Henley on Todd Regatta
Question:
Which is the only regatta cancelled because it rained and there was water in the river, as happened in 1993 when it was cancelled due to flooding?
Answer:
Henley-on-Todd Regatta
Passage:
Chris Andrews (singer)
Christopher Frederick "Chris" Andrews (born 15 October 1942) is an English singer-songwriter, whose musical career started in the late 1950s.   

Career

Andrews was born in Romford, Essex, England, and by his mid teens had formed his own group, Chris Ravel and the Ravers,  and was playing at Soho venues which included the 2i's Coffee Bar and Flamingo Nightclub. On 14 March 1959, he made his British television debut, performing on the Oh, Boy! show. He would later return in April to perform a cover of Cliff Richard's, "Move It".

For Adam Faith, Andrews wrote "The First Time" (No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart, 1963)  and "We Are in Love" (No. 11, 1964), and then a string of hits for Sandie Shaw. They included "Girl Don't Come" (No. 3, 1964/65), "I'll Stop at Nothing" (No. 4, 1965), "Message Understood" (No. 6, 1965) and "Long Live Love" (No. 1, 1965). The latter remained a chart topper in the UK Singles Chart for three weeks.  "Girl Don't Come" was covered by Cher on her debut album, All I Really Want to Do. 

Also in 1965, Andrews as a solo artist, got to No. 3 in the same listings with "Yesterday Man",  which peaked in Germany at No. 1 for four weeks;  followed up with a No. 13 hit in the UK "To Whom It Concerns".  The instrumental section of this song was used as the theme for RTÉ's long-running TV programme, The Late Late Show, until 1999, and a re-arranged version returned as the show's theme music in September 2009. As well as obtaining a high placing in the UK chart with "Yesterday Man", it also climbed to No. 1 in Ireland and Germany. It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.  Later releases were not as successful, but his own hits are seen as early examples of reggae influenced white pop music. Although his chart appearances dwindled in Britain by 1966, his chart topping success continued in mainland Europe for a number of years, particularly in Germany, and Andrews often recorded in foreign languages.

In South Africa, his later single releases proved particularly popular,  with "Pretty Belinda" (1969), "Carol OK" and "Brown Eyes" (both 1970) all topping the charts there. "Yo Yo" reached No. 7 at the end of 1970.

Andrews remains active in his career as a singer-songwriter, working primarily in continental Europe and in the United Kingdom. He lives with his second wife Alexandra, who is also his manager, in Germany and Spain.

Songwriting credits

*"As Long as You're Happy Baby" – Sandie Shaw
*"Come Closer" – Adam Faith
*"Don't Run Away" – Sandie Shaw
*"First Time" – Adam Faith
*"Girl Don't Come" – Sandie Shaw
*"Heart of Stone" – Suzi Quatro
*"Here's Another Day" – Adam Faith
*"How Can You Tell" – Sandie Shaw
*"I'll Remember Tonight" – The Mamas & the Papas
*"I'll Stop at Nothing" – Sandie Shaw
*"Long Live Love" – Sandie Shaw
*"Message Understood" – Sandie Shaw
*"Nothing Comes Easy" – Sandie Shaw
*"Nothing Less than Brilliant" – Sandie Shaw
*"Run" – Sandie Shaw
*"Show Me" – Sandie Shaw
*"Think It All Over" – Sandie Shaw
*"Think Sometimes About Me" – Sandie Shaw
*"Today" – Sandie Shaw
*"Tomorrow" – Sandie Shaw
*"We Are in Love" – Adam Faith
*"You Don't Love Me" – The Roulettes
*"You've Not Changed" – Sandie Shaw 

Discography

Singles
Question:
Chris Andrews got to no.3 in ’65 with a title whose initials were YM. What was it?
Answer:
Yesterday Man
