Passage:
Crème de cassis
Crème de cassis (also known as Cassis Liqueur) is a sweet, dark red liqueur made from blackcurrants. 

Several cocktails are made with crème de cassis, including the very popular wine cocktail, kir. 

It may also be served as an after-dinner liqueur or as a frappé.

Ingredients

It is made from blackcurrants that are crushed and soaked in alcohol, with sugar subsequently added.

Origin and production

The modern version of the beverage first appeared in 1841, when it displaced "ratafia de cassis," which had been produced in prior centuries.

While crème de cassis is a specialty of Burgundy, it is also made in Anjou,  England,  Luxembourg, Quebec and Tasmania. 

The quality of crème de cassis depends upon the variety of fruit used, the content of the berries, and the production process. If it is labelled "Crème de Cassis de Dijon," one is guaranteed berries from the commune of Dijon.

In 2015, the new protected geographical indication (PGI) “Crème de Cassis de Bourgogne” has been approved. Promoted by a syndicate of fruit producers and liqueurs companies from Burgundy. This "Crème de Cassis de Bourgogne" guarantees the burgundian origin and the minimum quantity of berries used in its production, essentially the variety Noir de Bourgogne.

Sales

Nearly 16 million litres of crème de cassis are produced annually in France.  It is consumed mostly in France but is also exported.

In popular culture

It is a favourite drink of the fictional detective Hercule Poirot.
Question:
With which fruit is the liqueur 'Creme de Cassis' made?
Answer:
Grossularia nigra
Passage:
Jonathan, son of King Saul, friend of David, Bible bios ...
Jonathan, son of King Saul, friend of David, Bible bios, Bible Stories
would know that everything was okay and he could come back to  the king's house. 
 If Jonathon told the lad that the arrows are beyond him,  then
should run away to preserve his own life.
Sure enough, King Saul became angry at Jonathan during dinner because
wasn't also at the table.  King Saul yelled to
to go get
so  that King Saul could kill him.
When
 tried to ask his father what wrong thing that
had done,  King Saul threw a javelin at his own son.
 
So
 went out to the field with his bow and arrows and a young lad.  He shot an arrow and told the young lad that that arrow had gone beyond him.  The young lad gathered all the arrows and then
 
told the lad to go back to  the city.
Then
came out of his hiding place and
 cried together and said good-bye to each  other and promised to always be  friends.
 
6.  David was the son of
 
 
One time            when the armies of Saul were fighting            the Philistines, King Saul made all his            soldiers take an oath not to eat until            evening.  Jonathan was away from            King Saul and didn't hear what he said            about the oath. 
Although            Jonathan and his armor bearer killed 20            Philistines by themselves, King Saul            wanted to kill Jonathan because Jonathan            ate some honey that day.
King            Saul's soldiers realized how wrong Saul            was and they rescued Jonathan from the            king so he wouldn't be killed.
Jonathan            fought a lot of successful battles            against the Philistines; but he was            eventually killed by a Philistine on the            same day that his father, King Saul and            two of his brothers were killed.
Question:
In the Bible, what was the name of the son of Saul who became a great friend of David?
Answer:
Jonathon
Passage:
Leonard Bernstein, Shostakovich, Symphony no. 5, Allegro ...
Leonard Bernstein, Shostakovich, Symphony no. 5, Allegro non troppo (1979) - YouTube
Leonard Bernstein, Shostakovich, Symphony no. 5, Allegro non troppo (1979)
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on May 5, 2011
Conductor: Leonard Bernstein
Music: Symphony no. 5: Allegro non troppo.
Composer: Dimitri Shostakovich
Orchestra: New York Philharmonic Orchestra
Concert: A registration from 1979.
~~
LEONARD BERNSTEIN
....is one of  the  best and most famous composers, conductors and musicians of the world, ever.
The innovative music, Bernstein composed for the immense popular film "West Side Story" must be one of the reasons, at least for the beginning of an unique development in and for the history of music, and for the name Leonard Bernstein.
We will never forget him.
He lived from August 25, 1918  till October 14, 1990.
His passing away is a loss for the world.
His music is eternal. His musical interpretations and performances are unforgettable because they are unique.
More:
Question:
Shostakovish's symphony number 2 has the name of which month ?
Answer:
Ocotber
Passage:
frankStrade : Lives, Pet Accessories, Electronics and more
frankStrade : Lives, Pet Accessories, Electronics and more
http://www.frankstrade.com/1199/lab-puppies-coming-soon
Message:
ryguy5 is expecting their 2 year old Chocoalte Lab whom they bred with a Black Lab (father was on the cover of Cabela's Magazine).  $700 will be the price of the puppies, so stay tuned for photos as the pups arrive.  These will be AKC registered puppies from champion blood lines. If you would like to leave a deposit and have the next pick in the litter, please contact ryguy5.
LATEST : White Indian Fantail Pigeon, Yellow Golden Pheasant, North American Pintail duck hatching eggs, India Blue Peafowl pair and Hatching Eggs, pair of Narrgansett Turkeys, Goffin Cockatoos, French Black Copper Maran Chicks
Date:
Friday 11, May 2012 12:18 AM
Name:
Question:
In nature, 'Reeves', 'Lady Amherst's', 'Hume's bar-tailed' and 'Cheer', are all varieties of which bird?
Answer:
Pheasant meat
Passage:
Flag of Uganda
The flag of Uganda was adopted on 9 October 1962, the date that Uganda became independent from the United Kingdom. It consists of six equal horizontal bands of black (top), yellow, red, black, yellow, and red (bottom); a white disc is superimposed at the centre and depicts the national symbol, a grey crowned crane, facing the hoist side. 

During the colonial era the British used a British Blue ensign defaced with the colonial badge, as prescribed in 1865 regulations. Buganda, the largest of the traditional kingdoms in the colony of Uganda, had its own flag.   However, in order to avoid appearing to give preference to one region of the colony over any other, the British colonial authorities selected the crane emblem for use on the Blue ensign and other official banners.  

History

When the Democratic Party ruled the country, a design for flag was proposed. It had vertical stripes of green-blue-green, separated by narrower yellow stripes, and in the centre had the silhouette of a yellow crane. After the party lost the national elections on April 25, 1962 the newly elected Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) rejected the former design and instead proposed the current design. It was based on the flag of UPC– a tricolor having horizontal strips of red, yellow and black. The British administration gave their approval to this design before the country's independence. The flag was designed by the Ugandan Minister of Justice, Grace Ibingira.

Symbolism

The three colours are representative of African peoples (black), Africa's sunshine (yellow), and African brotherhood (red being the colour of blood, through which all Africans are connected).   The grey crowned crane is fabled for its gentle nature and was also the military badge of Ugandan soldiers during British rule. The raised leg of the crane symbolizes the forward movement of the country.  

Other flags

File:Flag of the Uganda Protectorate.svg|Flag of the Uganda Protectorate (1914-March, 1962)
File:Standard of the Governor of the Uganda Protectorate.svg|Standard of the Governor of Uganda (1914 - March, 1962)
File:Flag of Uganda 1962.svg|National flag (March - October 9, 1962) 
File:Presidential Standard of Uganda.svg|Presidential Standard of Uganda

Similar Flags
Question:
What kind of bird appears on the flag of Uganda?
Answer:
Crowned crane (disambiguation)
