Passage:
What goes up the chimney down but cannot go down the ...
What goes up the chimney down but cannot go down the chimney up? | Reference.com
What goes up the chimney down but cannot go down the chimney up?
A:
Quick Answer
According to Riddle Spot, the answer to the riddle "What goes up the chimney down but cannot go down the chimney up?" is an umbrella. An umbrella is very thin and narrow when it is down, so it can fit through the narrow opening of a chimney. When an umbrella is up, however, it is too large to fit through the same narrow opening.
Question:
What can go up a chimney down, but not down a chimney up?
Answer:
An umbrella
Passage:
Grounation Day
Grounation Day (April 21) is an important Rastafari holy day, and second after Coronation Day (November 2). It is celebrated in honor of Haile Selassie's 1966 visit to Jamaica.

Visit of Selassie to Jamaica

Haile  Selassie had already met with several Rasta elders in Addis Ababa, and had allowed Rastafari and other people of African descent to settle on his personal land in Shashamane.

Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on Thursday, 21 April 1966. Some 100,000 Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,  having heard that the man whom they considered to be God was coming to visit them. They waited at the airport playing drums and smoking large quantities of marijuana. Today the Rastafari celebrate that Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on April 21st.

When Haile Selassie's Ethiopian Airlines flight landed at the airport at 1:30 PM, the crowd surrounded his plane on the tarmac. The day had been overcast and stormy. After about half an hour, the door swung open and the emperor appeared at the top of the mobile steps. A deafening tumult was heard from the crowd, who beat calabash drums, lit firecrackers, waved signs, and sounded Abeng horns of the Maroons.  All protocol was dropped as the crowd pressed past the security forces and onto the red carpet that had been laid out for the reception. Selassie waved from the top of the steps; some interpreters have claimed that he shed tears, although this is disputed. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the Emperor's descent.  When Planno reemerged, he announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land"  After Planno escorted the African monarch down the steps, journalists were puzzled by Selassie's refusal to walk on the red carpet on the way to his limousine. [hence grounation, Iyaric equivalent of foundation, "uplifted" with the sound of the word ground in the sense of "making contact with the soil"]  He was then driven to the King's House, the residence of Governor-General Clifford Campbell.  

As a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions  attended by His Majesty,   and Rastafari elders, including Planno and probably Joseph Hibbert, also obtained a private audience with the Emperor,  where he reportedly told them that they should not immigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation". At a dinner held at the King's House, Rastas claimed that acting Jamaican Prime Minister Donald Sangster had stamped his foot at Lulu, Haile Selassie's pet chihuahua, who, they swore, had responded with the roar of a lion. 

Defying expectations of the Jamaican authorities,  Selassie never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the Messiah. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions bearing the Ethiopian seal – the only recipients of such an honour on this visit.  Meanwhile, he presented some of the Jamaican politicians, including Sangster, with miniature coffin-shaped cigarette boxes.

Impact 

Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie in his motorcade en route to the King's House.  She claimed, in interviews and in her book No Woman No Cry, that she had seen a stigma on Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd, and was instantly convinced of his divinity.   

For years afterward, Planno, who became a spiritual guru of Bob Marley, would give out enlarged photographs of himself with the Emperor on the steps of the airplane.  

The great significance of this event in the development of the Rastafari religion should not be underestimated. Having been outcasts in society, they gained a measure of respectability for the first time.    By making Rasta more acceptable, it opened the way for the commercialisation of reggae, leading in turn to the further global spread of Rastafari.

Haile Selassie is thought to have encouraged the Rastafari elders to learn about the Ethiopian Orthodox faith while in Jamaica, and in 1970, he dispatched Archbishop Laike Mandefro to establish a mission in Jamaica. Mandefro was formally invited by Joseph Hibbert, one of the original founders of the Rastafari Movement, to teach the Rasta community, and in 1971 Mandefro named Hibbert as a "Spiritual Organizer".  During this time, Mandefro pointedly refused calls to demand that the Rastafari renounce their faith in Haile Selassie's divinity, and some 2,000 Rastas accordingly received Orthodox baptisms. 

Because of Haile Selassie's visit, April 21 is celebrated as Grounation Day. The "Abu Ye! Abu Ye Abu ye! Abu ye!" chant is an element of Grounation Day festivities.
Question:
Grounation Day (April 21) and Coronation Day (November 2) are important holy days in which religion?
Answer:
Listing of noted rastafarians
Passage:
BBC Sports Personality of the Year - BBC News
BBC SPORT | TV/Radio Schedule | Sports Personality | Hoy named BBC Sports Personality
Hoy wins Sports Personality of the Year
Olympic cycling champion Chris Hoy has been named 2008 BBC Sports Personality of the Year.
The Scot, who won three gold medals in Beijing, beat Lewis Hamilton and Rebecca Adlington to the honour.
Hoy, 32, becomes the first cyclist to win the prestigious award since Tommy Simpson in 1965.
"To win this award this year is so special as British sport has enjoyed such a hugely successful year. It's been incredible," said Hoy.
I really didn't expect this... standing here holding it in my hands, looking at the names on this trophy, it's quite incredible
Chris Hoy
Edinburgh-born Hoy became the first Briton to win three golds at one Games since 1908.
He triumphed in the team sprint, along with Jamie Staff and Jason Kenny, and won the keirin and the individual sprint at the Laoshan Velodrome.
He also won two titles at the 2008 World Championships in Manchester.
It was a successful night for the British cycling team as they won the Team award while David Brailsford won the Coach of the Year crown.
"I really didn't expect this," added Hoy, who received a standing ovation after he came to the stage to collect his award from Sir Steve Redgrave and Michael Johnson.
"After the year I've had and the whole team has had, to be crowned Sports Personality of the Year, it just means so much. This is the big one and this is just unbelievable.
"Standing here holding it in my hands, looking at the names on this trophy, it's quite incredible.
606: DEBATE
Question:
Which cyclist was BBC Scotland Sports Personality of the Year in 2003 and 2008?
Answer:
Christopher Hoy
Passage:
Lorraine Chase
Lorraine Chase (born 16 July 1951) is an English actress and former model. She became well known for her strong cockney accent and frequent use of cockney slang, and found fame through a series of television adverts for Campari before embarking on an acting career. She is best known for playing the role of Steph Forsythe in ITV soap opera Emmerdale from 2002 to 2006.

Television

After initially working as a model, Chase came to public attention in the mid 1970s when she began appearing in television adverts for Campari. The comical adverts were filmed in exotic locations with Chase having drinks with an elegant, sophisticated gentleman suitor played by Jeremy Clyde. Upon his romantic question "Were you truly wafted here from paradise?", Chase would declare in her full cockney accent "Nah, Luton Airport!"  The line became something of a catchphrase and inspired the 1979 hit record "Luton Airport" by Cats U.K.  Contrary to public belief, Chase was not involved with the record in any way, though she did make a novelty record of her own in 1979, entitled "It's Nice 'Ere, Innit" (also based on a line from another one of her Campari ads). However, this was unsuccessful. In 2009, the Campari ad featuring Chase was placed 41st in Channel 4's 100 Greatest TV Adverts. 

From 1979, Chase was a recurring guest on the BBC quiz show Blankety Blank, hosted by Terry Wogan and later on Les Dawson.

In 1980, she appeared in the ITV children's television programme Worzel Gummidge, as the character Dolly Clothes-Peg. Dolly tried to woo the hapless scarecrow Worzel, played by Jon Pertwee, but he spurned her in favour of his unrequited love affair with Aunt Sally, played by Una Stubbs.

The same year, Chase began her most prominent role in the ITV sitcom The Other 'Arf, in which she co-starred with John Standing. The Other 'Arf ran for four series until 1984, after which Chase appeared in the less successful 1984 TV sitcom Lame Ducks.

Following this, Chase made sporadic appearances on television as herself on light entertainment series such as The Bob Monkhouse Show and Surprise, Surprise, though she did not continue her television acting career until the late 1990s when she appeared in episodes of Casualty and The Bill. In 2000, she had a recurring role in the TV series Lock, Stock... (based on the 1998 feature film Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels).

In 2002, Chase joined the cast of the long-running ITV soap opera Emmerdale, playing Steph Forsythe. Executive producer Steve Frost chose her to play the mother of Sheree Murphy's character Tricia Stokes due their physical resemblance. She played an ex-convict and featured in some of the shows most prominent controversial storylines to date including family bereavement, mental illness, murder, fraud and incest sexual abuse until November 2006 when her character was sent to jail for a life sentence.

Since leaving Emmerdale, Chase appeared in episodes of My Family (2007) and Doctors (2009). In 2010, she took part in the "Soap Star Special" edition of the Channel 4 series Come Dine with Me. In 2011, She was a contestant on the ITV show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! which aired in late 2011. She was the fourth celebrity to be eliminated from the jungle on 27 November 2011, finishing in ninth place overall.

In September 2013, Chase returned to reprise her role of Steph Forsythe in Emmerdale, returning for the funeral of long running character Alan Turner, played by the late Richard Thorp. 

Chase is a patron of the theatre charity The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America. 

In December 2014, Chase appeared on the Christmas special of Pointless Celebrities, partnered with Christopher Biggins.

Other work

As well as her various television credits, Chase has also appeared in a variety of stage productions, including pantomime, comedy and drama. Her first acting role following her Campari advertisements in the 1970s was in a play, The Undertaking, starring Kenneth Williams.  Since then she has appeared in stage productions of Pygmalion, Little Shop of Horrors, Me and My Girl, Tea For Two, and Run For Your Wife. In 2007, she toured the UK in a production of the thriller Dead Guilty. 

Chase's film credits include the 1979 Charles Bronson film Love and Bullets, and the low budget 2002 British movie Living in Hope.

She also appeared as a guest in an episode of the BBC radio show Just A Minute, alongside regulars Clement Freud, Kenneth Williams and Peter Jones.

She was an interview guest on Parkinson in 1979, on an episode also featuring Kenneth Williams. She was a guest panellist on Loose Women in October 2012, to celebrate 40 years of Emmerdale.

In February 2013, Chase appeared and was interviewed on the breakfast television show Daybreak.
Question:
"What was being advertised by Lorraine Chase when she used the words ""Nah, Luton Airport"""
Answer:
Campari
Passage:
Samantha Weinberg
Samantha Fletcher is a British Green politician, and under her maiden name of Samantha Weinberg, a novelist, journalist and travel writer. Educated at St Paul's Girls' School and Trinity College, Cambridge, she is the author of books such as A Fish Caught in Time: The Search for the Coelacanth and the James Bond inspired trilogy The Moneypenny Diaries under the alias Kate Westbrook. She is assistant editor of Intelligent Life, the features and cultural magazine from the The Economist.

Writing

In 1994 Weinberg wrote Last of the Pirates: in search of Bob Denard (ISBN 0224033077) about French mercenary Bob Denard. In 1995, she spent three months travelling in the United States with Daisy Waugh.

In 2003 she won the CWA Gold Dagger for Non-Fiction for her book Pointing from the Grave: a True Story of Murder and DNA (ISBN 0241141362), about the murder of biotechnologist Helena Greenwood in California in 1985 and the pioneering use of DNA profiling in tracing her killer 15 years later.

The Moneypenny Diaries

When Weinberg's agent, Gillon Aitken, was appointed the literary adviser to Ian Fleming Publications, she and Aitken pitched their idea for a series of James Bond novels centred on the character of Miss Moneypenny, M's personal secretary. The series, referred to as The Moneypenny Diaries, is a trilogy with three books and two short stories currently published under the alias of Moneypenny's editor, Kate Westbrook.

* The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel (2005)
* "For Your Eyes Only, James" (2006 short story)
* Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries (2006)
* "Moneypenny's First Date With Bond" (2006 short story)
* The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling (2008)

Politics

In 2010 Weinberg became the Green Party candidate for the new seat of Chippenham in Wiltshire, standing under her married name.

Personal life

Weinberg is married to filmmaker Mark Fletcher. She currently resides in Wiltshire, England. She has two children.
Question:
Green politician Samantha Weinberg wrote a trilogy of novels under the alias Kate Westbrook in the noughties, based on the fictional diaries of which Ian Fleming character?
Answer:
Moneypenney
Passage:
Masticophis flagellum
Masticophis flagellum is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake, commonly referred to as the coachwhip or the whip snake, which is endemic to the United States and Mexico. Seven subspecies are recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies.

Geographic range 

Coachwhips range throughout the southern United States from coast to coast. They are also found in the northern half of Mexico.

Description 

Coachwhips are thin-bodied snakes with small heads and large eyes with round pupils. They vary greatly in color, but most reflect a proper camouflage for their natural habitat. M. f. testaceus is typically a shade of light brown with darker brown flecking, but in the western area of Texas, where the soil color is a shade of pink, the coachwhips are also pink in color. M. f. piceus was given its common name because specimens frequently, but not always, have some red in their coloration. Coachwhip scales are patterned so at first glance, the snake appears braided. Subspecies can be difficult to distinguish in areas where their ranges overlap. Adult sizes of 127 - are common. The record sized specimen, of the Eastern coachwhip race, was 259 cm.  Young specimens, mostly just over 100 cm in length, were found to have weighed 180 to, whereas good-sized mature adults measuring 163 to weighed in at .  

Habitat

Coachwhips are commonly found in open areas with sandy soil, open pine forests, old fields, and prairies. They thrive in sandhill scrub and coastal dunes.

Behavior 

Coachwhips are diurnal, and actively hunt and eat lizards, small birds, and rodents. They tend to be sensitive to potential threats, and often bolt at the first sign of one; they are extremely fast-moving snakes. They are curious snakes with good eyesight, and are sometimes seen raising their heads above the level of the grass or rocks to see what is around them. Can slither up to 15 mph.

Subspecies 

*Sonoran coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum cingulum Lowe & Woodin, 1954
*Eastern coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum flagellum (Shaw, 1802)
*Baja California coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum fuliginosus (Cope, 1895)
*Lined coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum lineatulus H.M. Smith, 1941
*Red coachwhip (Red racer), Masticophis flagellum piceus (Cope, 1892)
*San Joaquin coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum ruddocki Brattstrom & Warren, 1953
*Western coachwhip, Masticophis flagellum testaceus (Say, 1823)

Myths 

The primary myth concerning coachwhips, that they chase people, likely arises from the snake and the person both being frightened, and both just happening to be going the same way to escape. Coachwhips are fast snakes, often moving faster than a human, and thus give an impression of aggression should they move toward the person.

The legend of the hoop snake may refer to the coachwhip snakes.

Another myth of the rural southeastern United States is of a snake that, when disturbed, would chase a person down, wrap him up in its coils, whip him to death with its tail, and then make sure he is dead by sticking its tail up the victim's nose to see if he is still breathing. In actuality, coachwhips are neither constrictors (snakes that dispatch their prey by suffocating with their coils) nor strong enough to overpower a person. Also, they do not whip with their tails, even though their tails are long and look very much like a whips.

Their bites can be painful, but generally are harmless unless they become infected.

In parts of Mexico, where ranching is a way of life. These snakes are believed to wrap around the legs of cows and feed on their milk as if suckling leaving the nipple dry. They will also hook on any other mammal that produces milk. Leaving the young baby dehydrated. 

There have also been rancher stories of "chirrioneras", is what they call them, hypnotizing women. They latch onto their breasts to feed. If the woman has a crying hungry baby the snake would stick their tail in the babies mouth to keep the baby quiet and leave undetected. The story goes that the only way to know if the snake has been there is if the baby has sores around the mouth. The most obvious is the baby is malnourished and getting weaker while the mother cannot feed her baby because her breast have been sucked dry.
Question:
Commonly found throughout the Southern USA and the Northern half of Mexico what type of creature is a Coachwhip?
Answer:
Snake (disambiguation)
Passage:
England: All-time football records | Soccerlens
England: All-time football records | Sportslens
Blog People David Beckham England: All-time football records
England: All-time football records
lewisdoe 20 January, 2013 Columns , David Beckham , England , Fabio Capello , Football Stats , Lists , Michael Owen , Sven Goran Eriksson , Wayne Rooney
England is where football began with some of the same rules used in the modern game first created by the original Football Association. And since, the Three Lions have always been a power house in international football.
In tournaments, they have always been a threat to their opposition. England have won the World Cup in 1966 and their best result in European Championships came in 1968 when they beat Soviet Union in the third place play-off after losing to Yugoslavia in the semifinal.
The England football crest
Here are ten of the all-time greatest record of the England national football team:
Biggest win
You have to go back as far as 1882 to find England’s biggest win which was a 13-0 thumping of Ireland.
England put 13 past Ireland again in 1899 in a 13-2 win with the next biggest win an 11-1 demolition of Austria in 1908. The youngest big win for England came in 1982 with a 9-0 victory over Luxembourg at Wembley.
Worst defeat
The biggest defeat that England have ever suffered is a 7-1 loss against the great Hungarians in 1954.
England were also beaten 7-2 by Scotland in 1878 and they lost again to the Scots 6-1 just three years later. A defeat to Brazil in 1964 is the most recent heavy defeat with England losing the game 5-1 before winning the World Cup just two years later.
Top scorers
Sir Bobby Charlton is the leading goal scorer for England in international football with 49 goals. He is closely followed by Gary Lineker who retired with 48 goals to his name.
Jimmy Greaves scored 44 times for the Three Lions which is four more than Michael Owen’s 40 goals. Tom Finney heads a list of three players on 30 goals.
Most capped player
Former goalkeeper Peter Shilton has more caps for England than any other player with 125. He also made over 1,000 Football League appearances.
David Beckham is second in the list with 115 England caps, Bobby Moore finished with 108 caps, Sir Bobby Charlton had 106 caps and Billy Wright had 105 caps.
Youngest player
Theo Walcott holds the record for being the youngest ever player to make his full international debut for England aged 17 years and 75 days old. The Arsenal winger made his debut against Hungary on May 30, 2006.
He is also the youngest ever player to score a hat-trick for England at 19 years and 178 days of age – he scored three against Croatia on September 10, 2008.
England’s 1966 World Cup triumph
Longest serving manager
Walter Winterbottom holds the record for being England’s longest serving manager as he coached the side for sixteen years between 1946 and 1962.
Sir Alf Ramsey is second on the list with twelve years between 1962 and 1974 as the England boss with Sir Bobby Robson third on the list with a reign of eight years between 1982 and 1990 which ended with World Cup semi-final defeat in his final year.
Foreign coaches
Sven-Goran Eriksson became the first non-English manager of the England national team when he was appointed in 2001. He guided England to many memorable wins including a 5-1 victory away in Germany during his five years as manager.
Fabio Capello became the second foreign coach of England when he took over in 2008.
Penalty shoot-outs
England have lost more penalty shoot-outs at the FIFA World Cup than any other nation. England have lost three shoot-outs in total and have a reputation for being ‘bottlers’ when it comes to deciding matches at big tournaments via the spot kick method.
Red cards
Alan Mullery was the first ever player to be sent off for England in an international match. Mullery was sent off during the 1968 European Championship semi-final defeat against Yugoslavia.
David Beckham and Wayne Rooney share the record for most red cards for England with two each.
Shortest & tallest
The tallest player to ever play for England is Stoke City striker Peter Crouch at six feet seven inches tall.
The shortest player to ever play for England was Fanny Walden, a Tottenham winger who was just five feet two inches tall when he made his full England debut.
Question:
In 2015 which footballer became the highest scorer for the England national team?
Answer:
Wayne Rooney
Passage:
Attila
Attila ( or; fl. circa 406–453), frequently referred to as Attila the Hun, was the ruler of the Huns from 434 until his death in March 453. Attila was a leader of the Hunnic Empire, a tribal confederation consisting of Huns, Ostrogoths, and Alans among others, on the territory of Central and Eastern Europe.

During his reign, he was one of the most feared enemies of the Western and Eastern Roman Empires. He crossed the Danube twice and plundered the Balkans, but was unable to take Constantinople. His unsuccessful campaign in Persia was followed in 441 by an invasion of the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire, the success of which emboldened Attila to invade the West. He also attempted to conquer Roman Gaul (modern France), crossing the Rhine in 451 and marching as far as Aurelianum (Orléans) before being defeated at the Battle of the Catalaunian Plains.

He subsequently invaded Italy, devastating the northern provinces, but was unable to take Rome. He planned for further campaigns against the Romans but died in 453. After Attila's death his close adviser Ardaric of the Gepids led a Germanic revolt against Hunnic rule, after which the Hunnic Empire quickly collapsed.

Appearance and character 

There is no surviving first-hand account of Attila's appearance, but there is a possible second-hand source provided by Jordanes, who cites a description given by Priscus.

Some modern scholars have suggested that this description is typically East Asian, because it has all the combined features that fit the physical type of people from Eastern Asia, and Attila's ancestors may have come from there.

Etymology 

The origin of the name "Attila" is unclear, and there's no consensus among scholars.

Otto J. Maenchen-Helfen considered an East Germanic origin; Attila is formed from Gothic or Gepidic noun atta, "father", by means of the diminutive suffix -ila, meaning "little father". The Gothic etymology can be tracked up to Jacob Grimm and Wilhelm Grimm in the early 19th century. Maenchen-Helfen noted that Hunnic names were "not the true names of the Hun princes and lords. What we have are Hunnic names in Germanic dress, modified to fit the Gothic tongue, or popular Gothic etymologies, or both". Peter Heather, who strongly considered Germanic etymology of the name Attila and some of noble Huns, stated that the possibility Attila was of Germanic ancestry cannot be ruled out. The names of Attila's brother Bleda, and most powerful minister Onegesius, also have hypothetical Germanic etymology. Only credible Germanic etymology have Attila's blood relative Laudaricus, and certain Hun-Goth Ragnaris.

Hyun Jin Kim argued that the "Germanization of Hunnic names may have been a conscious policy among the Hunnic elite in the West in order to ease the transition to their rule of formerly independent German tribal unions". In the Western part of Hunnic Empire, where mostly lived subjected Gothic tribes, Huns probably spoke both Hunnic and Gothic language, and as such bore Germanized or Germanic name, like Laudaricus. Maenchen-Helfen also expressed concern over orthography of the writer, possible morphological change, that some names writers heard from the Goths, the tendency of Roman and Byzantine writers to alter foreign names, and manuscript corruption.

However, Kim noted that those names considered by Heather to be Gothic, especially in this case of Attila and Bleda, have more natural and probable Turkic etymology. Heather also ignored the fact that all Hunnic rulers before Attila, as well his father Mundzuk, paternal uncles Octar, Ruga and Oebarsius, wife Kreka, father-in-law Eskam, and sons Ellac, Dengizich and Ernak, have names of Turkic origin.

Omeljan Pritsak considered ̕Άττίλα (Atilla) a composite title-name which derived from Turkic *es (great, old), and *t il (sea, ocean), and the suffix /a/. The stressed back syllabic til assimilated the front member es, so it became *as. It is a nominative, in form of attíl- (
File:Attila Museum.JPG|Figure of Attilain a museum in Hungary
File:Atilla fléau de dieu.jpg|Renaissance medalwith the legend, Atila, Flagelum Dei(dubiously-spelled Latin for"Attila, Scourge of God")
File:Attila-ChroniconPictum.jpg|Image of Attila from the Chronicon Pictum (1360)
File:Alessandro Algardi Meeting of Leo I and Attila 01.jpg|The Meeting of Leo Iand Attilaby Alessandro Algardi(1646–1653)
File:Great King Attila murdered - 453.jpg|Atila murdered - 453

Notes 

; Other sources
* 
* 
*
Question:
"Which barbarian king was known as ""the Scourge of God""?"
Answer:
Attila
Passage:
Port and starboard
Port and starboard are nautical terms for left and right, respectively. Port is the left-hand side of or direction from a vessel, facing forward. Starboard is the right-hand side, facing forward. Since port and starboard never change, they are unambiguous references that are not relative to the observer. 

The term starboard derives from the Old English steorbord, meaning the side on which the ship is steered. Before ships had rudders on their centrelines, they were steered with a steering oar at the stern of the ship and, because more people are right-handed, on the right-hand side of it. The term is cognate with the Old Norse stýri (rudder) and borð (side of a ship). Since the steering oar was on the right side of the boat, it would tie up at wharf on the other side. Hence the left side was called port.  

Formerly larboard was used instead of port. This is from Middle-English ladebord and the term lade is related to the modern load. Larboard sounds similar to starboard and in 1844 the Royal Navy ordered that port be used instead.  Larboard continued to be used well into the 1850s by whalers. In Old English the word was bæcbord, of which cognates are used in other European languages, for example as the German backbord and the French term bâbord (derived in turn from Middle Dutch). 

At night, the port side of a vessel or aircraft is indicated with a red navigation light and the opposite side with a green one, to help avoid collisions. The International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea state that a ship on the left must give way to a ship on its right. If the courses of two boats are intersecting, the helmsman usually gives way to a red light by going around the stern of the stand-on vessel. Sidelights are each lit from right ahead to 22.5 degrees abaft the beam on its corresponding side. A mnemonic for this is "If to starboard red appear, 'tis your duty to keep clear. Green to green, red to red perfect safety, go ahead."
Question:
What colour light indicates the starboard side of a boat?
Answer:
Greenishly
Passage:
Malcolm Morley
Malcolm Morley (born June 7, 1931) is an English artist now living in the United States. He is best known as a photorealist.

Life

Morley was born in north London. He had a troubled childhood—after his home was blown up by a bomb during World War II, his family was homeless for a time —and did not discover art until serving a three-year stint in Wormwood Scrubs prison. After release, he studied art first at the Camberwell School of Arts and then at the Royal College of Art (1955–1957), where his fellow students included Peter Blake and Frank Auerbach. In 1956, he saw an exhibition of contemporary American art at the Tate Gallery, and began to produce paintings in an abstract expressionist style.

In the mid 1960s, Morley briefly taught at Ohio State University, and then moved back to New York City, where he taught at SUNY Stony Brook from 1970 through 1974 and the School of Visual Arts. In the early 1980s he was married to the Brazilian artist Marcia Grostein who, during that short and intense period, had a significant influence on his work, especially on his well known beach scenes watercolors.  He now lives in Bellport, New York in a former church that serves as his home/studio, which he has shared with his wife Lida Morley since 1986.  His work was featured as the first temporary exhibit at the Parrish Art Museum in Watermill, New York when it opened in November 2012. 

Work

In 1958, a year after leaving the Royal College, Morley moved to New York City, where he saw exhibitions of the work of Jackson Pollock and Balthus, both of whose treatment of their paintings' surfaces influenced him greatly. He considers Cézanne the quintessential sensationalist, and has acknowledged that artist's deep influence on his own work. When Morley moved to New York he also met Barnett Newman, and became influenced by him. He painted a number of works at this time made up of only horizontal black and white bands. He also met Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein and, influenced in part by them, changed to a photorealist style (Morley prefers the phrase super realist). He often used a grid to transfer photographics images (often of ships) from a variety of sources (travel brochures, calendars, old paintings) to canvas as accurately as possible, and became one of the most noted photorealists.

In the 1970s, Morley's work began to be more expressionist, and he began to incorporate collage into his work. Many of his paintings from the mid-70s, such as Train Wreck (1975),  depict "catastrophes". Later in the decade, he began to use his own earlier drawings and watercolours as the subject for his paintings. In 1984, Morley won the inaugural Turner Prize. In the 1990s he returned again to a more precise photorealist style, often reproducing images from model aeroplane kits on large canvases.

His work often draws upon various sources in a process of cross-fertilization. For example, his painting The Day of the Locust (1977) draws its title from the novel The Day of the Locust, by Nathanael West. One scene in the painting is drawn from the opening scene of the novel, and other scenes are drawn from the 1954 film Suddenly and the 1925 Sergei Eisenstein film Battleship Potemkin.

His most significant student is his ex-wife, Fran Bull. Malcolm Morley is represented by Sperone Westwater, New York and Xavier Hufkens, Brussels.

Other information

Richard Milazzo has written the book Malcolm Morley in 2000, and Jean-Claude Lebensztijn wrote Malcolm Morley: Itineraries (Reaktion Books, 2001).
Question:
Malcolm Morley was the first winner of what in 1984?
Answer:
Turner Prize
Passage:
Roy Plomley
Francis Roy Plomley, OBE (20 January 1914 – 28 May 1985) was an English radio broadcaster, producer, playwright and novelist.

Early life

Plomley (pronounced Plumley) was born in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, son of a pharmacist and was educated at King's College School, Wimbledon. On leaving school he worked first briefly for an estate agent, then for a London advertising agency, then in publishing.
His original aim was to be an actor, and he did secure very minor parts in a number of films (e g 'Double Confession' 1950), but he soon drifted into broadcasting, coming to public notice as an announcer, and later producer, for the International Broadcasting Company (IBC), starting on Radio Normandy in April 1936 and moving on at the end of that year to the IBC's Paris-based station, Poste Parisien. Between mid-1937 and late 1939 he was involved in writing and production, travelling back and forth between these two IBC stations in France and the company's offices and studios in London, while also presenting the variety programme Radio Normandy Calling, recorded on location in theatres at UK seaside resorts and regularly beating the BBC in audience ratings. 

World War II

This part of his career came to an abrupt end when commercial broadcasting from the continent was brought to a halt by World War II. Plomley and his new wife stayed on in Paris, only narrowly escaping back to the UK via a circuitous route through the chaos and panic of the Fall of France, losing all their possessions in the process, as German occupying forces approached the French capital in June 1940. 

Desert Island Discs

Then, in 1941, he devised the BBC Radio series Desert Island Discs.
It was created on a cold November evening whilst Plomley was contemplating ideas and deciding whether to retire to bed or not. In the cottage he was living in at the time at Little Bushey Lane, Bushey, Hertfordshire, he wrote to Leslie Perowne, who was in charge of popular record programmes. He had a favourable reply and so, in his little back bedroom/study (still existing today) he set out his ideas with the names of personalities to be invited to participate. In those days of WWII every BBC Radio show was scripted by Plomley and submitted for censorship. In January 1942 the first of a series of eight weekly programmes was broadcast. Each show consisted of an interview with a celebrity, interspersed by the guest's choice of music. His contract was renewed for a further 15 shows. In the end he presented 1,791 editions of the programme stretching over 43 years. Its success was attributed to his skill as an interviewer and to his meticulous research. 

Plomley was succeeded as presenter by Michael Parkinson (1985–1988), then by Sue Lawley (1988–2006), and most recently by Kirsty Young. Desert Island Discs is the second longest-running radio programme in the world (after the Grand Ole Opry), and it is still running.

Until late September 2009, unlike many other BBC radio programmes, Desert Island Discs was unavailable for Listen Again on the BBC website. This was because, when Roy Plomley devised the programme, he was a freelance producer, and it had been argued therefore, that the 'format rights' of the programme belonged to him rather than to the BBC. At his death, those 'rights' passed to his widow, and the BBC were subsequently unable to negotiate the right to include Desert Island Discs in their Listen Again offering. It was announced on 27 September 2009 that an agreement had been reached with the family as to payment of royalties and it would be available via iPlayer. 

Other work

Plomley's broadcasting career was not restricted to Desert Island Discs; he also compiled and presented several feature programmes and was the chairman of BBC Radio's game show Many a Slip from 1964 to 1979, and a participant in such panel games as Does the Team Think?, also on BBC Radio. He also anchored Round Britain Quiz in 1961. For television he produced Dinner Date with Death in 1949, claimed to be the first UK film made for TV, and in the same year chaired We Beg to Differ on BBC Radio, transferring with it to BBC Television in 1951.  He also wrote the screenplay for the 1953 film The Blakes Slept Here.

Plomley was awarded the OBE in 1975. He was Chairman of the Radio and Television Writers' Association from 1957 to 1959, and was voted BBC Radio Personality of the Year in 1979. He published 16 stage plays (one of which, Cold Turkey, was put on in the West End), and one novel.  He was posthumously inducted into the Radio Academy's Hall of Fame. 

Plomley died in London from pleurisy in 1985 aged 71 and is buried at Putney Vale Cemetery.
Question:
Roy Plomley was, in 1944, the creator and first presenter of which radio programme?
Answer:
DESERT ISLAND DISCS
Passage:
Turn on, tune in, drop out
"Turn on, tune in, drop out" is a counterculture-era phrase popularized by Timothy Leary in 1966. In 1967 Leary spoke at the Human Be-In, a gathering of 30,000 hippies in Golden Gate Park in San Francisco and phrased the famous words, "Turn on, tune in, drop out". It was also the title of his spoken word album Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out recorded in 1966. On this lengthy album one can hear Leary speaking in a monotone, soft-spoken voice on his views about the world and humanity and describing nature, Indian symbols, "the meaning of inner life", the LSD experience, peace and many other issues.

In a 1988 interview with Neil Strauss, Leary stated that slogan was "given to him" by Marshall McLuhan during a lunch in New York City. Leary added that McLuhan "was very much interested in ideas and marketing, and he started singing something like, 'Psychedelics hit the spot / Five hundred micrograms, that's a lot,' to the tune of a Pepsi commercial of the time. Then he started going, 'Tune in, turn on, and drop out.  The phrase was used by Leary in a speech he delivered at the opening of a press conference in New York City on September 19, 1966. It urged people to embrace cultural changes through the use of psychedelics by detaching themselves from the existing conventions and hierarchies in society. It was also the motto of his League for Spiritual Discovery.  The phrase was derided by more conservative critics.

In his speech, Leary stated:

Leary later explained in his 1983 autobiography Flashbacks:

Turn on, tune in, drop out is also the title of a book (ISBN 1-57951-009-4) of essays by Timothy Leary, covering topics ranging from religion, education, and politics to Aldous Huxley, neurology, and psychedelic drugs.

Leary later (during the February 1967 salon known as the Houseboat Summit) announced his agreement with a new ordering of the phrase as he said, "I would agree to change the slogan to 'Drop out. Turn on. Drop in.'" 

During his last decade, Leary proclaimed that the "PC is the LSD of the 1990s" — "turn on, boot up, jack in" reworked the existing phrase to suggest joining the cyberdelic counterculture. 

The phrase was referenced in several songs of the time. Psychedelic rock band Strawberry Alarm Clock parodies the quote in their 1967 song "Incense and Peppermints", singing "Turn on, tune in, turn your eyes around" in one of the lines. Gil Scott-Heron criticised the concept in his 1970 poem and song The Revolution Will Not Be Televised, with the line "You will not be able to plug in, turn on and ".

The lyrics, "Turn on, tune in, drop out" are included verbatim in several songs:
*"Turn On, Tune In" by Threshold
*"Drop Out" by Infected Mushroom
*"Turn On Tune In Drop Out" by Cracker
*"Turn on, Tune in, Stay inert" in "Flash Delerium" by MGMT
*"Turn On / Tune In / Drop Out" on The Fugs' album Tenderness Junction
* "Tune In, Drop Out" in "Trigger Hippie" by Morcheeba

The CSI episode title "Turn On, Tune In, Drop Dead" also parodies the quote, with the episode focusing on how two victims who are supposedly dead get up and walk away.

A variation of the quote ("Tune in, Turn on, Talknet")  was used in the 1980s and early 1990s for NBC Radio's Talknet nighttime programming block of call-in advice shows.
Question:
"Who was the American writer and counterculture icon who coined the phrase ""Turn on, tune in, drop out""?"
Answer:
Timothy o%60leary
Passage:
Stompie Moeketsi
James Seipei (1974–1989), also known as Stompie Moeketsi, was a teenage United Democratic Front (UDF) activist from Parys in South Africa. He and three other boys were kidnapped on 29 December 1988 by members of Winnie Mandela's bodyguards, known as the Mandela United football club. Moeketsi was murdered on 1 January 1989, the only one of the boys to be killed. 

Activism

Moeketsi joined the street uprising against apartheid in the mid-1980s at age ten, and soon took on a leading role. He became the country's youngest political detainee when he spent his 12th birthday in jail without trial.  At the age of 13 he was expelled from school.

Murder

Moeketsi, together with Kenny Kgase, Pelo Mekgwe and Thabiso Mono, were kidnapped on 29 December 1988 from the Methodist manse in Orlando, Soweto. Moeketsi was accused of being a police informer and after the 4 boys were kidnapped they were pleading and saying that Stompie isn't a police informer. Jerry Richardson, one of the members of Winnie Mandela's Football Club, was carrying a samurai-like sword before he closed the door and screams were heard as Stompie Moeketsi was murdered at the age of 14. His body was found on waste ground near Winnie Mandela's house on 6 January 1989, and recovered by the police. His throat had been cut. Jerry Richardson, one of Winnie Mandela's bodyguards, was convicted of the murder. He claimed that she had ordered him, with others, to abduct the four youths from Soweto, of whom Moeketsi was the youngest. The four were severely beaten.

Involvement of Winnie Mandela

In 1991, Winnie Mandela was convicted of kidnapping and being an accessory to assault,  but her six-year jail sentence was reduced to a fine and a two-year suspended sentence on appeal. In 1992 she was accused of ordering the murder of Dr. Abu-Baker Asvat, a family friend who had examined Seipei at Mandela's house, after Seipei had been abducted but before he had been killed.  Mandela's role was later probed as part of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearings, in 1997.  She was said to have paid the equivalent of $8,000 and supplied the firearm used in the killing, which took place on 27 January 1989.  The hearings were later adjourned amid claims that witnesses were being intimidated on Winnie Mandela's orders. 

This incident became a cause célèbre for the apartheid government and opponents of the ANC, and Winnie Mandela's iconic status was dealt a heavy blow.

Appearing before the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in 1997, she said allegations that she was involved in at least 18 human rights abuses including eight murders were "ridiculous" and claimed that her main accuser, former comrade Katiza Cebekhulu, was a former "mental patient" and his allegations against her were "hallucinations".  The Commission found that the abduction had been carried out on Winnie Mandela's instructions, and that she had "initiated and participated in the assaults". However, with regard to the actual murder the Commission found Mandela only "negligent".
Question:
Which famous name was accused f the abduction of Stompie Seipei?
Answer:
Nomzamo Winifred Zanyiwe Madikizela
Passage:
Spencer Kelly
Spencer Kelly (born 5 July 1973, Spencer John Bignell) is the presenter of the BBC's technology programme Click, broadcast on the BBC World News and the BBC News Channel  in the United Kingdom. He grew up in Bishopstoke, near Eastleigh in Hampshire and attended Wyvern Secondary School in Fair Oak, then Barton Peveril College in Eastleigh. He obtained a double first in Computer Science   at the University of Cambridge.  It was as a student that Kelly first became involved in broadcasting, initially at Radio Glen at Southampton University    and he went on to run Cambridge University Radio. After graduating he got a job as a traffic presenter - going by the name of "Commander Kelly in the Flying Eye" on the local radio station for Portsmouth and Southampton, Ocean FM and Power FM. He later became the station's breakfast show host, a position he held for six years.

He joined the BBC in January 2003 as one of five iPresenters (interactive presenters). The team pioneered new forms of interactive broadcasting, using the web, digital television and digital radio. This included interactive LiveChats, which were live interviews with celebrities, streamed across the web, in which the audience had the opportunity to ask live questions to the guests. He also began reporting for BBC World's Click Online show for two and a half years and appeared on Five's The Gadget Show. He became the presenter of the renamed Click series in January 2006, taking over from Stephen Cole.

Kelly was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Technology by Coventry University. He is represented by the agency Curtis Brown.
Question:
Since 2006 Spencer Kelly has been presenting what TV show for the BBC?
Answer:
Click (disambiguation)
Passage:
Black Olive, Anchovy, And Caper Spread Garum) Recipe ...
Black Olive, Anchovy, And Caper Spread Garum) Recipe - Food.com
Cook
1 hr
In ancient Rome, garum was a pungent all-purpose condiment made from fermented anchovies, not unlike present-day Asian fish sauce.  In modern Catalonia, the name refers to a spread similar to the French tapenade made of olives, anchovies, capers, sometimes mashed egg yolks, and either olive oil or butter.  This recipe, flavored with rum and a touch of mustard, is adapted from the one served at the Hotel Ampurdan in Figueres.  The hotel is legendary for its robust Catalan cooking and credited with naming this spread 'garum'.  Try to find olives that are pungent, but not vinegary and briny. The spread is delicious on toasted baguette rounds or slices of grilled country bread.  It also makes a fine accompaniment to grilled meat, chicken or fish.  Adapted from the cookbook, "The New Spanish Table"
Ingredients
Copycat Olive Garden Recipes
Directions
Place the olives, anchovies, capers, garlic, egg yolk, rum and mustard in a food processor and process in quick pulses to a medium-fine paste, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed.  Gradually add the olive oil, pulsing several times after each addition.  Scrape the mixture into a bowl and let stand at room temperature for about 1 hour so that the flavors develop.  Serve with grilled bread, toast or bread sticks.  The spread can be refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 weeks.
Note:  if the only pitted olives you can find are Kalamatas, soak them briefly in cold water and use fewer capers and anchovies.  To pit olives, place them in a plastic bag.  Lay the bag on a flat surface, and crush them lightly with the flat side of a large knife, mallet or heavy skillet.  Then pick out and discard the pits.  Cooking time includes standing time.
Would you like to attach a photo to your submission?
Browse
The image has been attached to your submission.
Close
Are you sure you want to report this post for review?
Yes, report it.
You must be logged in to interact with the activity feed.
Log in now
Question:
What is the name for the traditional French spread made from olives, capers, anchovies and olive oil?
Answer:
Tapenade
Passage:
Whisky a Go Go
Whisky a Go Go is a nightclub in West Hollywood, California. It is located at 8901 Sunset Boulevard on the Sunset Strip. The club has been the launching pad for bands including The Doors, The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, Steppenwolf, Van Halen, Johnny Rivers, Guns N' Roses and Mötley Crüe. In 2006, the venue was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 

History

In 1958, the first Whisky a Go-Go in North America opened in Chicago, Illinois, on the corner of Rush and Chestnut streets.    It has been called the first real American discothèque. A franchise was opened in 1966 on M Street in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C., by restaurateur Jacques Vivien.

It owes its name to the first discothèque, the Whisky à Go-Go, established in Paris in 1947 by Paul Pacine. 

The Sunset Strip Whisky was founded by Elmer Valentine, Phil Tanzini, Shelly Davis, and attorney Theodore Flier and opened on January 16, 1964.   In 1972, Valentine, Lou Adler, Mario Maglieri and others started the Rainbow Bar & Grill on the Sunset Strip. In 1966, Valentine, Adler and others founded The Roxy Theatre. Lou Adler bought into the Whisky in the late 1970s. Valentine sold his interest in the Whisky a Go Go in the 1990s but retained an ownership in the Rainbow Bar & Grill and the Roxy Theatre until his death in December 2008.

Although the club was billed as a discothèque, suggesting that it offered only recorded music, the Whisky a Go Go opened with a live band led by Johnny Rivers and DJ Rhonda Lane, spinning records between sets from a suspended cage at the right of the stage.

The Whisky a Go Go was one of the places that popularized go-go dancing. Elmer Valentine, in a 2006 Vanity Fair article, recalled arranging to have a female DJ play records between Rivers' sets so patrons could continue dancing. But because there was not enough room on the floor for a DJ booth, he had a glass-walled booth mounted high above the floor.  A contest was held for the female DJ job but when the young winner called Valentine on the night of the opening and tearfully said her mother forbade her from doing it, Valentine recruited the club's cigarette girl, Patty Brockhurst. Valentine quickly hired two more female dancers, one of whom, Joanna Labean, designed the official go-go-girl costume of fringed dress and white boots.

Rivers rode the Whisky-born go-go craze to national fame with records recorded partly Live at the Whisky. In addition, The Miracles recorded the song "Going to a Go-Go" in 1966 (which was covered in 1982 by The Rolling Stones), and Whisky a Go Go franchises sprang up all over the country.  Arguably, the rock and roll scene in Los Angeles was born when the Whisky started operation; because of its status as an historic music landmark, the venue was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. 

The Whisky played an important role in many musical careers, especially for bands based in Southern California. The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, Smokestack Lightning, and Love were regulars, and The Doors were the house band for a while – until the debut of the "Oedipal section" of "The End" got them fired. Van Morrison's band Them had a two-week residency in June 1966, with The Doors as the opening act. On the last night they all jammed together on "Gloria". Frank Zappa's The Mothers of Invention got their record contract based on a performance at the Whisky. The Turtles performed there when their newest (and biggest-selling) single "Happy Together" was becoming a hit, only to lose their new bassist, Chip Douglas (who had arranged the song), to The Monkees; guitarist Michael Nesmith invited him to become their producer (he returned to the Turtles a year later, to produce them). Neil Diamond also played at the Whisky on occasion. Metallica bassist Cliff Burton was recruited by the band after they watched him play a show there. At one point singer and actress E.G. Daily had a residency at the Whisky.

Arthur Lee of Love immortalized the Whisky in the song "Maybe the People Would Be the Times or Between Clark and Hilldale". "Here they always play my songs," he would sing on the side two opener of Forever Changes. The Whisky was located on the strip between the streets Clark and Hilldale. British rockers Status Quo also referenced the venue in their 1978 song "Long Legged Linda" with the lines, "Well, if you're ever in Los Angeles and you've got time to spare / Take a stroll up Sunset Boulevard, you'll find the Whisky there."

In 1966, the Whisky was one of the centers of what fans call the Sunset Strip police riots. In the mid-1970s, the Whisky hosted stage presentations, including the long-running show The Cycle Sluts. During the early 1990s, the Whisky hosted a number of Seattle-based musicians who would be a part of the grunge movement, including Soundgarden, Mudhoney, Melvins, Fitz of Depression and 7 Year Bitch.  Johnny Elvis Foster, who was based in Los Angeles, also performed at the club multiple times in 1991 and 1992, and tracks recorded from a February 12, 1992 concert appear on their EP, Ask For It (1995). In 1997, System of a Down played at the Whisky. The band were unsigned at the time, and played songs from their early demo tapes, in particular containing the band's only live performance of the song "Blue".
Question:
What song by The Doors that has a strong reference to the Oedipus complex got them fired from the Whisky a Go Go nightclub in West Hollywood?
Answer:
"""The End"""
Passage:
British Academy Film Awards
The British Academy Film Awards are presented in an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is the British equivalent of the American Oscars and Australian AACTA Awards. As of 2008, it has taken place in Central London at the Royal Opera House, the latter having taken over from the flagship Odeon cinema on Leicester Square. The 69th British Academy Film Awards was held on 14 February 2016.

History

British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) was founded in 1947 as The British Film Academy, by David Lean, Alexander Korda, Carol Reed, Charles Laughton, Roger Manvell and others. In 1958, the Academy merged with The Guild of Television Producers and Directors to form The Society of Film and Television, which eventually became The British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976.

BAFTA stated charitable purpose is to "support, develop and promote the art forms of the moving image, by identifying and rewarding excellence, inspiring practitioners and benefiting the public". In addition to high profile awards ceremonies BAFTA runs a year-round programme of educational events including film screenings and tribute evenings. BAFTA is supported by a membership of about 6,000 people from the film, television and video game industries.

The Academy's awards are in the form of a theatrical mask designed by American sculptor Mitzi Cunliffe, which was commissioned by the Guild of Television Producers in 1955.

Annual ceremony

The ceremony previously took place in April or May and since 2002 it takes place in February in order to precede the Oscars. The awards are mostly open to all nationalities, though there is an award for Outstanding British Film and Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Producer or Director. Only UK films are eligible for the categories of The British Short Film and British Short Animation awards.

The Awards ceremony is delayed broadcast on British television the same evening (usually BBC One), and across the world. It has been broadcast in colour since 1970.

Location

From 2000 to 2007 the ceremonies took place at the flagship Odeon cinema on Leicester Square. , the ceremonies take place at the Royal Opera House.

Sponsorship

Until 2012, the mobile network Orange sponsored the awards and  Orange's parent company, EE, began sponsorship.

Awards categories (competitive)

Retired awards

* BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer to Leading Film Roles (awarded 1952–1984)
* BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay (awarded 1969–1983)
* BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay (awarded 1955–1968)
* BAFTA Award for Best British Actor (awarded 1952–1967)
* BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actor (awarded 1952–1967)
* BAFTA Award for Best British Actress (awarded 1952–1967)
* BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress (awarded 1952–1967)
* BAFTA United Nations Award (:fr:United Nations Awards) (awarded 1949–1976).

Other awards (non-competitive)

* BAFTA Fellowship (since 1971)
* The Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema Award (known as the Michael Balcon Award from 1979 to 2006) 

In memoriam section

During the ceremony, BAFTA pauses to pay tribute to those in the industry who died over the previous twelve months, with a montage of images accompanied by music.

Ceremonies
Question:
What award is the equivalent of the Oscars for British industries involved in film, television, video games and forms of animation?
Answer:
British academy of film and television arts
Passage:
List of Secretaries of State of the United States
This is a list of Secretaries of State of the United States.

Secretaries of Foreign Affairs (1781–1789)

List of Secretaries of State

List of Secretaries of State by time in office 

This is a list of United States Secretaries of State by time in office. This is based on the difference between dates; if counted by number of calendar days all the figures would be one greater. 

Cordell Hull is the only person to have served as Secretary of State for more than 8 years. Daniel Webster and James G. Blaine are the only Secretaries of State to have ever served non-consecutive terms. Elihu B. Washburne served as Secretary of State for less than two weeks before becoming Ambassador to France.

Living former Secretaries of State

As of , there are seven living former Secretaries of State, the oldest being George P. Shultz (served 1982–1989, born 1920). The most recent Secretary of State to die was Lawrence Eagleburger (served 1992–1993, born 1930), on June 4, 2011. The most recently serving Secretary of State to die was Warren Christopher (served 1993–1997, born 1925) on March 18, 2011.

File:Henry_A_Kissinger.jpg|Henry Kissinger served 1973-1977  born 27 May 1923 (age )
File:George Pratt Shultz.jpg|George P. Shultz served 1982-1989  born 13 December 1920 (age )
File:JamesBaker.jpeg|James Baker served 1989-1992, born 28 April 1930 (age )
File:Albrightmadeleine.jpg|Madeleine Albright served 1997-2001  born 15 May 1937 (age )
File:GEN_Colin_Powell.JPG|Colin Powell served 2001-2005, born 05 April 1937 (age )
File:Condoleezza_Rice_cropped.jpg|Condoleezza Rice served 2005-2009, born 14 November 1954 (age )
File:Hillary_Clinton_official_Secretary_of_State_portrait_crop.jpg|Hillary Clinton served 2009-2013, born 26 October 1947 (age )
Question:
Who was the US Secretary of State between 2001 and 2005?
Answer:
Colon Powell
Passage:
What does tripe mean? - Definitions.net
What does tripe mean?
the entrails; hence, humorously or in contempt, the belly; -- generally used in the plural
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Tripe
Tripe is a type of edible offal from the stomachs of various farm animals.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Tripe
trīp, n. entrails: parts of the compound stomach of a ruminant, esp. of sheep or horned cattle, prepared as food—the parts used being the paunch or rumen (yielding plain tripe), and the smaller reticulum (yielding honeycomb tripe).—ns. Tripe′man, one who prepares tripe or who hawks it about; Trī′pery, a place for the preparation or sale of tripe.—Tripe de Roche, a name originally given to various species of lichens of the genera Gyrophora and Umbilicaria, nutritious though bitter, nauseous, and purgative. [Celt.; Ir., triopas, W. tripa.]
Numerology
The numerical value of tripe in Chaldean Numerology is: 2
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
What name is given to the stomach lining of various domesticated animals prepared and used for food?
Answer:
Cow stomachs
Passage:
David Vine
David Martin Vine (3 January 1935  – 11 January 2009) was a British television sports presenter. He presented a wide variety of shows from the 1960s onwards.

Early life

Born in Newton Abbot, Devon, he grew up in the north-west of the county, attending Barnstaple Grammar School  on Park Lane in Barnstaple. His father was a carpenter.

Career

He worked for the North Devon Journal Herald from the age of 17 and various newspapers, becoming the Sports Editor of the Western Morning News in Plymouth. He joined Westward Television in 1961, though he worked for the BBC for the majority of his broadcasting career. He joined the BBC, to work on BBC2 in 1966. He was working at BBC2 even though Westward Television were not aware of this because at the time BBC2 could not be received in the South West. An article in the Daily Mail led to Westward TV learning about his BBC work and he had to resign from Westward TV.

Programmes he hosted include Sportscene, It's a Knockout (1967–1971), Jeux Sans Frontieres, Miss UK, Miss World, Quiz Ball, Rugby Special, Match of the Day, A Question of Sport (1970–1977 AND 1989), Grandstand, Superstars, Starshot, Ski Sunday (1978–1996) and the BBC's Winter and Summer Olympic Games coverage. 

He provided the BBC TV commentary for the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, also hosting the preview shows of the international entries, and compèred the 1975 Miss World broadcast, the latter resulting in some embarrassment because he found it difficult to understand what many of the contestants were saying. He was the first presenter to introduce the tennis championships at Wimbledon (1967) in colour. He presented Wimbledon highlights until 1982 and also BBC's Show Jumping coverage.

He was the anchorman at the World Snooker Championships at the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield, from 1978 – the first year the BBC covered the championships daily – until his retirement in 2000 as well as the Grand Prix, UK Championship and the Masters. Vine's supposed friendship with Steve Davis was parodied in a Spitting Image sketch in which Davis boasted, "I'm a mate of David Vine".

His final work for the BBC was covering the weightlifting at the 2000 Sydney Olympics which he had done since the 1970s, after which he retired owing to a heart condition. He had contributed to programmes on the ESPN Classic channel. He had a coronary artery triple bypass operation in 2001,  and he died of a heart attack on 11 January 2009  aged 74 at his home near Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire.

Personal life

He married his first wife, Shirley, in 1958. They had met through amateur dramatics and had three children - Kim, Catherine and Martin; who lived together in Castleton Close, Mannamead, Plymouth; she died in 1970. He married his second wife, Mandy, in 1972 in Wokingham. They had a son. 

He also had 4 grandchildren: Ben, Georgia, Oliver and Emily.
Question:
David Vine, David Coleman and Sue Barker have all hosted which BBC television quiz show?
Answer:
A Question of sport
Passage:
2013 Nobel Peace Prize
The 2013 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, for their "extensive work to eliminate chemical weapons". The award citation indicated the organization was awarded the prize, because they “have defined the use of chemical weapons as taboo under international law. Recent events in Syria, where chemical weapons have again been put to use, have underlined the need to enhance the efforts to do away with such weapons.”   The committee criticized Russia and the United States for not meeting the extended deadline for destruction of its chemical weapons, and noted that certain countries "are still not members". The OPCW was the 22nd organization to be awarded the prize. 

Nomination

The Norwegian Nobel Committee announced on 4 March 2013, it had received 259 nominations for the prize. This was the highest number of nominations ever: 18 more than the previous record year 2011. Of those 259 nominations, 50 were for organizations. 

Announcement

The winner of the Award was announced on 11 October 2013. The press release indicated that the OPCW was awarded the prize for "its extensive efforts to eliminate chemical weapons". The announcement further reiterated the development of the Chemical Weapons Convention, which establishes the OPCW, as well as earlier instruments such as the Geneva Convention of 1925, but also indicated the use of chemical weapons during World War II and afterwards "by both states and terrorists".

The use of chemical weapons in Syria was also mentioned as a recent event underscoring the importance of elimination of chemical weapons. The OPCW contributed to the UN mission investigating the use of chemical weapons in Ghouta   and its activities since 1 October entailed supervision of destruction activities, which followed the accession of Syria to the Chemical Weapons Convention (and its provisional application), OPCW Executive Council Decision EC-M-33/DEC.1.  and was mandated via the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2118.

The Nobel Committee was critical towards Russia and the United States for not meeting their extended deadlines for the full destruction of its chemical weapons in 2012,  and mentioned that some states "are still not members". Non-member states of the OPCW are the states which are not party to the Chemical Weapons Convention: Angola, Egypt, Israel, Myanmar, North Korea and South Sudan. 

Committee

The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded by the Norwegian Nobel Committee. For the 2013 award, the members were: 

*Thorbjørn Jagland (chair, born 1950), former President of the Storting and former Prime Minister
*Kaci Kullmann Five (deputy chair, born 1951), former member of Parliament and cabinet minister.
*Inger-Marie Ytterhorn (born 1941), former member of Parliament.
*Berit Reiss-Andersen (born 1954), former state secretary for the Minister of Justice and the Police.
*Gunnar Stålsett (born 1935), former bishop of Oslo.

Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons

The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) is an intergovernmental organisation, located in The Hague, Netherlands. The organisation promotes and verifies the adherence to the Chemical Weapons Convention which prohibits the use of chemical weapons and requires their destruction. The organization was established on 29 April 1997, upon the entry into force of the Chemical Weapons Convention.  The verification consists both of evaluation of declarations by member states and on-site inspections. The principal body of the organization is the "conference of states parties", which normally is convened yearly. The Executive Council is the executive organ of the organisation and consists of 41 States Parties. The "Technical Secretariat" applies most of the activities mandated by the Council and is the body where most of the employees of the organisation work. Ahmet Üzümcü is Director-General of the OPCW. 

All 190 parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention are automatically members of the OPCW.  Non-members are Israel and Myanmar, which are signatory states that have not ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention, and Angola, Egypt, North Korea and South Sudan, which have neither signed nor acceded to the Chemical Weapons Convention. 

Reaction

OPCW Director-General Ahmet Üzümcü told reporters that he hoped his organisation's work would help "to achieve peace in that country [Syria] and end the suffering of its people." 

United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon congratulated the organisation's work. 

USA Today quoted a London-based Syrian opposition activist who doubted Syrian people would be celebrating the award.  Similarly, a spokesperson for the Syrian National Coalition labelled the prize "ironic". 

Pakistani politician Imran Khan called on the USA and Russia to destroy their own chemical weapons.
Question:
Which organisation won the 2013 Nobel Peace Prize?
Answer:
OPWC
