Passage:
Patrick Cox
Patrick Cox (born March 19, 1963) is a Canadian–British fashion designer and an eponymous fashion label specializing in the creation of shoes, leather goods and accessories. Cox is most noted for the use of unusual materials and a mixture of avant-garde and traditional styles.

Born 19 March 1963, in Edmonton, Canada, to a ballerina Canadian mother and linguist English father, Cox was educated locally, except for periods when his father's work led the family to postings in Nigeria, Chad and Cameroon. Cox eventually graduated from school in Edmonton Canada and moved to Toronto on his own when he was 17.

Early career 

At the age of 19, Cox produced his first pair of shoes, for the Toronto-based designer Loucas Kleanthous, who suggested Cox consider a career as a designer. An interest in British fashion led Cox to study at Cordwainer's Technical College, London, a design school that was absorbed into the London College of Fashion in 2000. Cox studied at Cordwainer's from 1983 to 1985. He graduated with merit in July 1985.

During his time as a student in London, Cox probably spent as much time in nightclubs as he did studying. Through his partying Cox became friends with several well-known designers, such as the legendary Vivienne Westwood. As a result, in 1984, Westwood asked Cox to design shoes for her "Clint Eastwood" collection. One of the shoes that Cox created incorporated a 4-inch platform that would become the prototype of a 9-inch pair later worn by supermodel Naomi Campbell, when she famously fell during a Westwood fashion show in Paris, France in 1993. In his second year of college Cox designed and handmade fluorescent fringed moccasins for the celebrated Body Map brand of David Holah and Stevie Stewart.

Personal life

Cox used to date Canadian journalist, entrepreneur, and magazine publisher Tyler Brûlé. Cox funded the launch of Brule's Wallpaper magazine that was subsequently sold to Time Warner in 1997.  They split up in 1997.

Working life 

Cox set up his own company designing shoes in 1985, and in 1986 designed the shoes for John Galliano's "Fallen Angels" collection. Subsequently, Cox launched his own Patrick Cox label, adopting the fleur-de-lys logo. Cox continued to work with Galliano for a further six seasons. He also produced the shoes for numerous designers' fashion shows including Anna Sui, John Flett, Alistair Blair and Lanvin Haute Couture to name but a few.

In 1991 Cox opened his first shop opposite the Peter Jones department store in Sloane Square, Chelsea, a well-known fashion district of London. In 1993, Cox marketed his first collection designed for the mass market. This diffusion range called "Wannabe" increased the company's semi annual sales from 2000 to 200,000 pairs.  Cox has credited his initial interest in moccasins  to fellow designer Richard James whom had asked Cox to design him a modern loafer to accessorise one of his early 1990's fashion shows.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/fashion-and-style/11006514/Patrick-Cox-lessons-from-the-stylish.html

In 1994, Cox opened his first Parisian store on the right bank, followed in 1995 by a second store in London on Sloane Street, a new store on New York's Madison Avenue and a second store in Paris on the left bank. During this time, Cox was twice awarded Accessory Designer of the Year at the British Fashion Awards. 1998 saw Cox move his design office and production from the UK to Civitanova, in the Italian  Marche, an area known for shoe manufacture.

From his early association with Vivienne Westwood onwards Cox developed a cult like status in Japan and in 1996 signed a 10 year licensing deal with the leading Japanese luxury department store group Isetan. This deal saw the opening of more than 40 shop in shops across Japan and a whole range of licensed Japanese product including ready to wear, bags, jewellery and watches.

Cox was approached by the French fashion footwear house Charles Jourdan, and in January 2003 he was appointed Creative Director, his brief being to rejuvenate the brand. After 3 years of successful collaboration, Cox decided to move on to concentrate on the development of his own label. 

The Hong Kong duty free company King Power Group took a controlling interest in the Patrick Cox company in 2006. Cox left his eponymous the following year and the entire business, except for a few continuing Japanese licenses was closed in 2008.

In September 2010, Cox opened 'Cox Cookies & Cake', a pâtisserie in London's Soho district, with Eric Lanlard to whom he was introduced by Elizabeth Hurley.  In keeping with the area's history of seedy business, the décor was black and neon while the staff wore studded leather aprons.  Delicacies included titty and bum cupcakes along with his mother Maureen's recipe for traditional Canadian Nanaimo bars. After 2 successful years trading Cox decided to close the business to return to shoe design.

In 2011 Cox was approached to design for the Italian shoe giantGeox. The resulting GEOX Designed by Patrick Cox capsule collection perfectly incorporates his witty ironic British take on design with their leading edge Italian technology. This collaboration continues successfully in its 4th year.

For Autumn/Winter 2015 Cox returns to fashion with his Lathbridge collection of shoes and leather goods. The brand name is Cox' middle name and the company logo is the bulldog inspired by Cox' much loved 2 English bulldogs Caesar and Brutus.
Question:
Patrick Cox is known as a designer of what?
Answer:
Shoes, leather goods and accessories
Passage:
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life: Samuel ...
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life: Samuel Johnson
The Samuel Johnson Sound Bite Page -> London -> When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
 
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
"Why, Sir, you find no man, at all intellectual, who is willing to leave London. No, Sir, when a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford."
— Samuel Johnson
Boswell and Johnson were discussing whether or not Boswell's affection for London would wear thin should he choose to live there, as opposed to the zest he felt on his occasional visits. (Boswell lived in Scotland, and visited only periodically.  Some people are surprised to learn that Boswell and Johnson were far from inseparable over the last twenty years of Johnson's life, the period Boswell knew him.)
This discussion happened on September 20, 1777, and Johnson, someone who hated to spend time alone, was always going out and enjoying what London had to offer.
For more of what Johnson had to say about London, click here .
For more of what he had to say about city life, click here .
Question:
Who said When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life?
Answer:
Johnsonism
Passage:
Zolotoy Rog
Zolotoy Rog Bay () is a sheltered horn-shaped bay separated from the Peter the Great Gulf of the Sea of Japan by Shkota Peninsula on the north-west, Cape Goldobina on the east-north-east, and Cape Tigrovy on the west. The bay is seven kilometers long, with a width of about two kilometers and a depth ranging from 20 to 27 meters. The Russian port of Vladivostok lies on the hills at the head of the bay.

Until the mid-19th century, the bay had been known to the Chinese as the "Gamat Bay". The first European ship known to have anchored in the bay was a French whaler in 1852. During the Crimean War, the British ship Winchester visited the bay while searching for Vasily Zavoyko's squadron. The British sailors called it Port May. In 1859, Count Nikolay Muravyov-Amursky gave the harbour its present name, which means "Golden Horn" in Russian, alluding to a similarly shaped harbour in Constantinople.
Question:
What is Russia's largest port city on the Pacific Ocean at the head of the Golden Horn Bay not far from Russia's border with China and North Korea, and the home port of the Russian Pacific Fleet?
Answer:
블라지보스또크
Passage:
Heptathlon
A heptathlon is a track and field combined events contest made up of seven events. The name derives from the Greek hepta (seven) and athlon (contest). A competitor in a heptathlon is referred to as a heptathlete.

There are two heptathlons – the women's heptathlon and the men's – composed of different events. The men's heptathlon is older and is held indoors, while the women's is held outdoors and was introduced in the 1980s, first appearing in the Olympics in 1984.

Women's heptathlon

Women's heptathlon is the combined event for women contested in the Athletics program of the Olympics and in the IAAF World Championships in Athletics. The IAAF World Combined Events Challenge determines a yearly women's heptathlon champion. The women's outdoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and the remaining three on day two:

* 100 metres hurdles
* High jump
* Shot put
* 200 metres
* Long jump
* Javelin throw 
* 800 metres

The heptathlon has been contested by female athletes since the early 1980s, when it replaced the pentathlon as the primary women's combined event contest (the javelin throw and 800 m were added).  It was first contested at the Olympic level in the 1984 Summer Olympics. In recent years some women's decathlon competitions have been conducted, consisting of the same events as the men's competition in a slightly different order, and the IAAF has begun keeping records for it, but the heptathlon remains the championship-level combined event for women. Jessica Ennis-Hill, representing Great Britain, is the 2012 Olympic Gold Medallist and the current World Champion.

There is also a Tetradecathlon, which is a double heptathlon, consisting of 14 events, seven events per day.

Points system

The heptathlon scoring system was devised by Dr Karl Ulbrich, a Viennese mathematician. The formulae are constructed so that, for each event, a designated "standard" performance (for example, approximately 1.82 m for the high jump) scores 1000 points.  Each event also has a minimum recordable performance level (e.g. 0.75 m for the high jump), corresponding to zero points. The formulae are devised so that successive constant increments in performance correspond to gradually increasing increments in points awarded.

The events are split into three groups, and the scores are calculated according to the three formulae: 

Running events (200 m, 800 m and 100 m hurdles):
:P = a \cdot (b - T)^c
Jumping events (high jump and long jump):
:P = a \cdot (M - b)^c
Throwing events (shot put and javelin):
:P = a \cdot (D - b)^c

P is for points, T is for time in seconds, M is for height or length in centimeters and D is length in meters. a, b and c have different values for each of the events (see table).

Benchmarks

The following table shows the benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Women's world records compared to heptathlon bests

Men's heptathlon

 

The other version is an indoor competition, normally contested by men only. It is the men's combined event in the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics. The men's indoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and remaining three on day two:

* 60 metres
* long jump
* shot put
* high jump
* 60 metres hurdles
* pole vault
* 1000 metres

The scoring is similar for both versions. In each event, the athlete scores points for his/her performance in each event according to scoring tables issued by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).  The athlete accumulating the highest number of points wins the competition.

Benchmarks

The following table shows the minimum benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Men's world records compared to heptathlon bests

All-time top 25 athletes

Women

* 

Notes

Below is a list of all other scores equal or superior to 6875 points.
*Jackie Joyner-Kersee also scored 7215 (1988), 7158 (1986), 7148 (1986), 7128 (1987), 7044 (1992), 6979 (1987), 6910 (1986), 6878 (1991)
*Carolina Kluft also scored 7001 (2003), 6952 (2004), 6887 (2005)
*Jessica Ennis also scored 6906 (2012)
*Sabine John (Paetz) also scored 6897 (1988)
*Larisa Nikitina also scored 6875 (1989)

Men

* 

Medalists

Women's Olympic medalists

Women's World Championships medalists

Men's World Indoor Championships medalists

Season's bests

Women's heptathlon

Men's indoor heptathlon

National records

Women's heptathlon

* As of July 2016
Question:
A heptathlon is an athletic contest of how many separate events?
Answer:
Seven
Passage:
Venice Gondolas and Gondola Rides - Europe for Visitors
Venice Gondolas and Gondola Rides
Gondolas and Gondola Rides
How to hire a gondolier in Venice, plus a money-saving alternative to gondolas on the Grand Canal.
By Durant Imboden
There are two important rules to remember about gondola rides in Venice:
If the price bothers you, don't do it.
If the price doesn't bother you, make sure you understood the gondolier correctly.
Fact is, a gondola cruise in Venice is like traveling by hansom cab in New York's Central Park: It can be a delightful experience, but only if you're able to forget the price and focus on the ride.
ABOVE: A gondola carries up to six passengers. INSET BELOW: A gondolier in a traditional straw hat, happy gondola passengers, and a squero where gondolas are built and repaired.
What a gondola ride costs
The city of Venice sets official rates for gondola rides, which started at €80 for 40 minutes the last time we checked. Additional 20-minute increments are  €40. After 7 p.m., the base rate climbs to €100, with €50 for an additional 20 minutes. Up to six people can share a gondola.
This doesn't mean you'll actually pay 80 euros, or that you'll get a 40-minute ride. Depending on demand, gondoliers may regard the official rates as a polite fiction. Special services, such as singing, can boost the fare even more. This means you should negotiate both the rate and the length of the ride before you get into the boat. Otherwise, your gondola ride may be memorable for reasons that have nothing to do with sightseeing.
If you dislike negotiating, you can leave that chore to your hotel concierge, though he (or she) may add a hefty surcharge. A few years ago, a reader told us that he'd paid the Hotel Bauer's concierge €120 for a gondola ride just before Carnevale , but he added that he didn't mind the rate and got great service. Another reader (presumably well-heeled) spent a mind-boggling €150 for a 50-minute ride and thought the expenditure was "well worth it."
To be fair to Venice's gondoliers, they invest a great deal in their boats: about €20,000 for a traditional hand-built wooden gondola with a useful life of about 20 years. They need to earn the bulk of their annual income in a few short months.
Finally, a gondolier's living costs may be higher than yours, since Venice is an expensive city in one of Italy's wealthiest provinces. Look it at this way: The man who's rowing you up the Grand Canal probably could earn more money for less work at an industrial plant on the mainland.
Question:
In which city would you travel in a gondola?
Answer:
Sestiere (Venice)
Passage:
Matola
Matola is the largest suburb of the Mozambique capital, Maputo, and adjacent to it to the west. It is the nation's second most populated place.  Matola is the capital of Maputo Province and has had its own elected municipal government since 1998. It has a port and also the biggest industrial area in Mozambique. The population of Matola is, according to the 2007 census, 675,422 inhabitants,  having increased to a 2014 projected population (Instituto Nacional de Estatistica Moçambique) of 893,000. 

Etymology

Matola, which is also a common family name, comes from Matsolo a Ronga kingdom that existed in this region when the colonists arrived.

Industry 

Matola is an industrial centre with an important port for minerals (chromium and iron) and other exports from Swaziland and South Africa. It has petroleum refineries (presently inactive) and diverse industries, which manufacture products like soap, cement, and agricultural materials. The most important of these is an aluminium smelter, installed in 2002, that more than doubled Mozambique's GDP. In November 2014, South Korean car company Hyundai Motor Company opened a plant in Matola, which manufactures the Hyundai i10 and Hyundai Accent. 

Transport 

Matola is served by a station on the southern network of Mozambique Ports and Railways.  Coal is exported from here.

Geography 

Matola is also the name of a small river (some 30 km long), that makes the northern border of the Matola municipality, and flows into Maputo Bay.

Demographics

Town twinning 

*  Loures, Portugal (since 1996)
Question:
Matola and Beira are the second and third largest cities in which African country?
Answer:
Mozambaquie
Passage:
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The ...
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The Importance Of African Culture
Started By CSULB Professor, Kwanzaa Celebrates The Importance Of African Culture
Details
 Comment 
[Eds. note: I originally wrote about Kwanzaa when I was the Managing Editor of City Beat Long Beach and a version of this piece originally appeared in the December 2011 issue of that magazine. Since City Beat is no more and their website has been taken down as well (and Dr. Karenga has yet to return our calls), I received permission to re-run this relevant piece on this important holiday that has some epic roots in our own backyard.]
Though its history is much younger than the other holidays celebrated during this time of year, Kwanzaa is by no means less significant. Created in 1966 by Dr. Maulana Karenga as a way for African-Americans to honor their shared heritage and culture, the seven-day celebration—which begins today, December 26, and goes until January 1—has become an important holiday for those with black heritage worldwide.
Starting today with a parade down Crenshaw Blvd., the 36th annual Kwanzaa Gwaride Parade and Festival will be the largest Kwanzaa kickoff celebration in Southern California. With this year's festival theme being "Freedom from Obesity,'' the parade's Iyaba (queen) and Oba (king) are both medical practitioners. The Kwanzaa Heritage Festival will also be held in Leimert Park on December 29 and will include live music, traditional dancing, a drum circle and international marketplace. 
In his 2012 founders statement , Dr. Karenga Kwanzaa discusses his theme for this year's Kwanzaa, "Us and the Well-being of the World: A Courageous Questioning."
"At the center of this concern and care must be a constant and courageous questioning first about how we understand and assert ourselves in the world and what this means," Dr. Karenga wrote. "Thus, the Day of Meditation during Kwanzaa which is the culminating point and place of our remembrance, reflection and recommitment calls on us to sit down, think deeply about ourselves in the world, and measure ourselves in the mirror of the best of our culture to determine where we stand."
The word Kwanzaa comes from the Swahili phrase matunda ya kwanza which translates roughly to “first fruit”), and the holiday’s template is loosely based on traditional pan-African harvest festivals. But that is where any precedent stops. As an internationally celebrated, non-religious, non-heroic, non-political African-American holiday, Kwanzaa is a unique experience that encourages unity among those of African descent and attempts to preserve common African culture.
Dr. Karenga—a leading theorist during the ’60s Black Power Movement who is now the chair of Cal State Long Beach's Department of Africana Studies—organized Kwanzaa around a set of communitarian African values, called the Nguzo Saba. These seven principles include Umoja (unity), Kujicahgulia (self-determination), Ujima (collective work and responsibility), Ujama (cooperative economics), Nia (purpose), Kuumba (creativity) and Imani (faith). Each day of Kwanzaa focuses on one of these driving principles and is expressed through the lighting of colored candles, dancing, reciting poetry and the giving of appropriate gifts.
In addition to the daily celebrations, Kwanzaa calls for a central place in the home to be dedicated to the construction of a Kwanzaa Set—a display of the holiday’s symbolic objects. Central to this is the kinara, a candleholder that carries the seven candles—three red, three green and one black—as well as a Unity Cup, the filling and sharing of which is a central Kwanzaa ritual. Ears of corn are placed on the Kwanzaa Set's staw mat, each representing a child in the family. African foods such as millet, spiced pepper balls and rice are often served, though some people fast during the holiday and a feast is often held on its final night.
While Kwanzaa was originally directed at a small group of activists, it gained popularity as interest in multiculturalism expanded in the late 1980s and has since coexisted alongside Christmas and Hanukkah celebrations for both black and white families nationwide. Though estimates of the number of people who celebrate the holiday worldwide vary—from 250,000 to 40 million—Los Angeles is seen as the cultural epicenter and birthplace of the holiday and has multiple Kwanzaa celebrations, several of which have in the past taken place in Long Beach including one at the Long Beach Senior Center and another annually organized by Village Treasures , an African art store in the historic Lafayette building.
Question:
What holiday, created by a future Cal State Long Beach professor in 1966, is celebrated the day after Christmas for 7 days?
Answer:
Kwanzaa
Passage:
Menlove Ave.
Menlove Ave. is a 1986 album by English rock musician John Lennon. It is the second posthumous release of Lennon's music, having been recorded during the sessions from his albums Walls and Bridges and Rock 'n' Roll. Menlove Ave. was released under the supervision of Yoko Ono, Lennon's widow.

Background

The first side of the LP comprises session outtakes from the Rock 'n' Roll sessions with Phil Spector in late 1973, save for "Rock and Roll People" which is from the Mind Games sessions.  The remainder features rehearsal recordings in mid-1974 for Walls and Bridges.

The song "Rock and Roll People" was originally recorded and released on Johnny Winter's seventh studio album John Dawson Winter III.

The title refers to Lennon's childhood home, 251 Menlove Avenue, in Liverpool. Menlove Avenue is a long road in South Liverpool, part of the Liverpool ring road. While it is mainly residential, it is also a primary route - the A562. It also passes Woolton Village where Lennon and Paul McCartney first met.

Album cover

The artwork for the release was effected by artist Andy Warhol, just months before Lennon's death in 1980.  It was later used as a cover for 2005 compilation album Working Class Hero: The Definitive Lennon.

Reception and Aftermath

Though Menlove Ave. included previously unreleased material of John Lennon, it failed to chart in the United Kingdom. It did manage to reach number 127 in the United States, making it Lennon's least-successful album. Menlove Ave. has not been printed since 1986.

Tracks 3-5 appeared as bonus tracks in the 2004 remastered version of Rock 'n' Roll.
The song "Here We Go Again" was included on the 2006 soundtrack album The U.S. vs. John Lennon and 2010 box set Gimme Some Truth.

Track listing

All songs written by John Lennon, except where noted.
;Side one
#"Here We Go Again" (John Lennon / Phil Spector) – 4:50
#"Rock and Roll People" – 4:21
#"Angel Baby" (Rosie Hamlin) – 3:42
#"Since My Baby Left Me" (Arthur Crudup) – 3:48
#"To Know Her Is to Love Her" (Spector) – 4:37

;Side two
#"Steel and Glass" – 4:10
#"Scared" – 4:17
#"Old Dirt Road" (Lennon / Harry Nilsson) – 3:53
#"Nobody Loves You (When You're Down and Out)" – 4:29
#"Bless You" – 4:05

Notes
* Tracks 1, 3-5 are recorded in late 1973.
* Track 2 is recorded for, but left off, Mind Games.
* Tracks 6-10 are rehearsal recordings for Walls and Bridges in mid-1974.

Personnel

Phil Spector - producer (tracks 1, 3-5)
Question:
The album Menlove Ave, released posthumously in 1986, is by which musician?
Answer:
John Winston Ono Lennon, MBE
Passage:
The Ministry of Fear
The Ministry of Fear is a 1943 novel written by Graham Greene. It was first published in Britain by William Heinemann. It was made into the 1944 film Ministry of Fear, directed by Fritz Lang and starring Ray Milland.

The title is explained in the book. The Nazi regime, in countries it controlled and in those it intended to subvert, built up information on individuals in order to blackmail them into co-operation. This Greene called their ministry of fear.

Plot summary 

In London during the Blitz. Arthur Rowe attends a charity fête. Convicted of murder for the mercy killing of hs wife, he has just been released from a psychiatric prison. A fortune-teller tells him the answer to the ‘guess the weight of the cake’ competition, enabling Rowe to win it.  As he leaves, the organisers try to take the cake back, saying there’s been a mistake, but Rowe refuses.

The next day, a man offers Rowe money for the cake and then tries to poison him, but an air raid bomb demolishes the house, knocking them both out. Worried for himself and wary of the police, Rowe hires a private detective to watch him and goes to the charity that ran the fête. There he meets Willi and Anna Hilfe, Austrian refugees who are brother and sister. Willi goes with Rowe to the fortune-teller’s home. There they join in a séance, during which a man is murdered with Rowe’s knife. Rowe escapes before the police arrive.

Rowe contemplates suicide, but meets a man who asks him to take some books to a hotel. At the hotel he finds Anna and a bomb in the case explodes. When Rowe regains consciousness, he has amnesia. The nurses tell him his name is Richard Digby, but Anna visits and calls him ‘Arthur’. Rowe starts to fall in love with Anna.

Becoming convinced that the sanatorium is run by Nazi agents, Rowe escapes and goes to the police. The police tell him that the man who Rowe thought murdered isn’t dead, and the cake had a microfilm of secret plans hidden in it. They take him to a tailor’s shop where he identifies the man he thought dead. Before they can question the man, he kills himself.

After the police round up most of the spy ring, Rowe rings the telephone number that the tailor called before killing himself, and hears Anna's voice. He finds out the address and, going there, learns that Willi is a member of the spy ring.

Willi escapes, intending to reach neutral Eire with the microfilm sewn into his new suit, but when cornered by Rowe commits suicide. Rowe returns to Anna.
Question:
Which English author wrote many books in his writing career including The Ministry of Fear in 1943, The Third Man in 1949 and The Honorary Consul in 1973 ?
Answer:
Greeneland
Passage:
Altbier
Altbier (German: old beer) is a style of beer brewed in the historical region of Westphalia and the city of Düsseldorf, Germany. Its name comes from it being top-fermented, an older method than the bottom fermentation of other lagered beers.

Characteristics 

Altbier is usually a dark copper colour. It is fermented at a moderate temperature using a top-fermenting yeast which gives its flavour some fruitiness, but matured at a cooler temperature, which gives it a cleaner and crisper taste more akin to lager beer styles than is the norm for top-fermented beers, such as British pale ale.  

Altbier in Germany 

Altbier is the dominant beer variety in the Lower Rhine region and especially in the towns of Düsseldorf, Krefeld and Mönchengladbach. The first producer to use the name Alt to contrast its top fermenting beer with the bottom fermenting kinds was the Schumacher brewery of Düsseldorf, which opened in 1838. 

The market leader in terms of volume sold is Diebels, a brand within the InBev brewing empire. Other mass-market brewers of Altbier include the Radeberger Gruppe under the brands Schlösser Alt and Hansa Alt. These are complemented by small breweries, predominantly based in Düsseldorf.

Some Altbier breweries have a tradition of producing a stronger version known as Sticke Alt, coming from a local dialect word meaning "secret", originally a special reserve beer intended for the brewers' own consumption. It is generally a seasonal or special occasion brew, and is stronger in taste and alcohol as well as darker than the brewery's standard output.

Producers in Düsseldorf 

There are eight bars in Düsseldorf which brew Altbier on the premises:
* Füchschen 
* Kürzer 
* Schumacher 
* Schlüssel 
* Uerige 
* Alter Bahnhof (Gulasch Alt) 
* Brauhaus Joh Albrecht (Johann Albrecht Alt) 
* Brauerei Möhker

Füchschen, Uerige, Schlüssel and Kürzer are all brewed and sold in the Old Town (Altstadt). Schumacher is between the Altstadt and the main train station (Hauptbahnhof), although it also has a pub in the Altstadt, Im Goldenen Kessel, across the street from Schlüssel.

Each brewpub produces a seasonal "Sticke" variant in small quantities, though the names vary: Schlüssel spells it "Stike", without the "c", while Schumacher calls its special beer "Latzenbier", meaning "slat beer", possibly because the kegs from which it was poured had been stored on raised shelves.  Füchschen's seasonal is its Weihnachtsbier (Christmas beer), available in bottles starting mid-November, and served in the brewpub on Christmas Eve. 

Producers outside Düsseldorf 

Altbier brewed outside Düsseldorf includes that produced by Pinkus Müller brewery in Münster, the Diebels brewery in Issum, the Gleumes brewery in Krefeld, the Bolten brewery in Korschenbroich and the Warsteiner brewery in Warstein, which owns the brand "Frankenheim Alt", which was originally brewed in Düsseldorf. The biggest Altbier brewery is located in Krefeld: Former Rhenania brewery, now called Königshofer brewery produces besides their self labelled Königshofer Alt a variety of different brands including the Carlsberg owned Hannen Alt and Gatzweiler Alt. Altbier is somewhat similar to Cologne's native beer style Kölsch, being warm-fermented at a lower temperature than British ales, and Altbier proper is also brewed in Cologne's smallest brewery "Braustelle" as "Ehrenfelder Alt". 

Outside Germany 

Altbier has been produced in the city of Venlo in the Netherlands since at least 1753. Venlo is on the border to Germany approximately 50 km (30 miles) from Düsseldorf. The beer was produced up until the Second World War but then had a hiatus until its revival in 1983. It is produced by the Lindeboom brewery, who bought the recipe in 2001.

Altbier is also brewed in small quantities in Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, the UK, the United States, Canada, New Zealand, and South Africa.

In 2003, Drayman's Brewery in Pretoria, produced what was probably the first commercially available Altbier in South Africa, Düssel Altbier. 

Versions of Altbier are brewed in the United States, though not always to traditional recipes. Great Basin Brewing Company produces and bottles Wild Horse Ale, which is billed as an alt-style ale.  "White Street Altbier" from White Street Brewing Co. in Wake Forest, North Carolina, showcases German malts and hops in the classic style. "Copper Alt" from Olde Mecklenburg Brewery in Charlotte, North Carolina, is based on the original Düsseldorf Altbier style. Arbor Brewing Company of Michigan produces "Olde Number 22" altbier as a seasonal specialty. River's Edge Brewery in Milford, MI brews a traditional version called Ctrl+Alt+Del. Hops and Grain in Austin, Texas brews an altbier called Alt-eration.   Kansas City Bier Co in Kansas City, MO produce a seasonal beer called Doppel Alt—based on German brewing standards.  In Houston, Texas, 8th Wonder Brewery crafts an altbier year-round called Alternate Universe.  Union Craft Brewing Company out of Baltimore, Maryland brews "Balt Altbier".   Other American ales brewed in the Alt style include Double Bag Double Altbier (Long Trail Brewing Company), Alaskan Amber (Alaskan Brewing Company), Sly Fox Grand Opening Alt (Sly Fox Brewery) and Siren's Song (Düsseldorf Altbier) (Maui Brewing Company). Schell's Brewing in New Ulm, MN seasonally produces Schmaltz's Alt, which they classify as a Doppel Alt.

Kilannan Brewing Company near Owen Sound, Ontario has been brewing an Altbier since 2012. Kilannan also produces a traditional Kölsch. The Creemore Springs brewery in Ontario, Canada celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2012 by producing an Altbier in collaboration with the Schlüssel brewery of Düsseldorf.
Question:
Alt, Bock, Dunkel and Helles are German varieties of what?
Answer:
Brewing industry
Passage:
Spencer Kelly
Spencer Kelly (born 5 July 1973, Spencer John Bignell) is the presenter of the BBC's technology programme Click, broadcast on the BBC World News and the BBC News Channel  in the United Kingdom. He grew up in Bishopstoke, near Eastleigh in Hampshire and attended Wyvern Secondary School in Fair Oak, then Barton Peveril College in Eastleigh. He obtained a double first in Computer Science   at the University of Cambridge.  It was as a student that Kelly first became involved in broadcasting, initially at Radio Glen at Southampton University    and he went on to run Cambridge University Radio. After graduating he got a job as a traffic presenter - going by the name of "Commander Kelly in the Flying Eye" on the local radio station for Portsmouth and Southampton, Ocean FM and Power FM. He later became the station's breakfast show host, a position he held for six years.

He joined the BBC in January 2003 as one of five iPresenters (interactive presenters). The team pioneered new forms of interactive broadcasting, using the web, digital television and digital radio. This included interactive LiveChats, which were live interviews with celebrities, streamed across the web, in which the audience had the opportunity to ask live questions to the guests. He also began reporting for BBC World's Click Online show for two and a half years and appeared on Five's The Gadget Show. He became the presenter of the renamed Click series in January 2006, taking over from Stephen Cole.

Kelly was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Technology by Coventry University. He is represented by the agency Curtis Brown.
Question:
Since 2006 Spencer Kelly has been presenting what TV show for the BBC?
Answer:
Click (disambiguation)
Passage:
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning (1969) is a memoir by Laurie Lee, a British poet. It is a sequel to Cider with Rosie which detailed his life in post First World War Gloucestershire. The author leaves the security of his Cotswold village in Gloucestershire to start a new life, at the same time embarking on an epic journey by foot.

It is 1934, and as a young man Lee walks to London from his Cotswolds home. He is to live by playing the violin and by labouring on a London building site. When this work draws to a finish, and having picked up the phrase in Spanish for 'Will you please give me a glass of water?', he decides to go to Spain. He scrapes together a living by playing his violin outside the street cafés, and sleeps at night in his blanket under an open sky or in cheap, rough posadas. For a year he tramps through Spain, from Vigo in the north to the south coast, where he is trapped by the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.

Experiencing a Spain ranging from the utterly squalid to the utterly beautiful, Lee creates a story which evocatively captures the spirit and atmosphere of the towns and countryside he passes through in his own distinctive semi-poetic style. He is warmly welcomed by the Spaniards he meets and enjoys a generous hospitality even from the poorest villagers he encounters along the way.

Synopsis 

In 1934 Laurie Lee leaves his home in Gloucestershire for London.  He visits Southampton and it is here that he first tries his luck at playing his violin in the streets. His apprenticeship proves profitable and he decides to move eastwards. Lee makes his way along the south coast and then turns inland and heads north for London.  He meets up with his American girlfriend, Cleo, who is the daughter of an American anarchist.

Cleo's father finds him a job as a labourer and he is able to rent a room. However, he has to move on as his room is taken over by a prostitute. He lives in London for almost a year as part of a gang of wheelbarrow pushers. Once the building nears completion, he knows that his time is up and decides to go to Spain because he knows the phrase in Spanish for "Will you please give me a glass of water?".

He lands in Galicia in July 1935.  Joining up with a group of three young German musicians, he accompanies them around Vigo and then they split up outside Zamora.  By August 1935 Lee reaches Toledo, where he has a meeting with the South African poet Roy Campbell and his family, whom he comes across while playing his violin.  They invite him to stay in their house.

By the end of September Lee reaches the sea.  Then he comes to the Sierra Morena mountains.  He decides to turn west and follow the Guadalquivir, adding several months to his journey, and taking him to the sea in a roundabout way. Lee turns eastwards, heading along the bare coastal shelf of Andalusia. He hears talk of war in Abyssinia. He arrives at Tarifa, making another stop over in Algeciras.

He decides to stick to his plan to follow the coast round Spain, and sets off for Málaga, stopping in Gibraltar.  During his last days in Malaga his violin breaks. After his new line of work, acting as a guide to British tourists, is curtailed by local guides, he is fortunate to meet a young German who gives him a violin.

In the winter of 1935 Lee decides to stay in Almuñécar.  He manages to get work in a hotel. Lee and his friend Manolo, the hotel's waiter, drink in the local bar alongside the other villagers. Manolo is the leader of a group of fishermen and labourers and they discuss the expected revolution.

In February the Socialists win the election and a Popular Front begins.  In the spring, the villagers, in an act of revolt, burn down the church but then change their minds. In the middle of May, there is a strike and the peasants come in from the countryside to lend their support as the village splits between 'Fascists' and 'Communists'.

In the middle of July 1936 war breaks out.  Manolo helps organise a militia.  Granada is held by the rebels, and so is Almuñécar's neighbour Altofaro.  A British destroyer from Gibraltar arrives to pick up any British subjects who might be marooned on the coast and Lee is taken on board.

The epilogue describes Lee's return to his family home in Gloucestershire and his desire to help his comrades in Spain. He finally manages to make his way through France and crosses the Pyrenees into Spain.

Title 

An insight into the origin of the title of the book is found in the second episode the BBC Four documentary series Travellers' Century presented by Benedict Allen. In the episode, which looks at As I Walked Out..., a friend of Lee reveals that the title of the book comes from a Gloucestershire folk song. The traditional song "The Banks of Sweet Primroses" starts with the line 'As I walked out one mid-summer morning'. 

Critical responses
Question:
Which was the first part of the autobiographical trilogy, completed by 'As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning' and 'A Moment Of War'?
Answer:
'CIDER WITH ROSIE'
Passage:
Toru Iwatani
is a former Japanese video game designer. He is best known as the creator of the arcade games Pac-Man (1980) and Pole Position (1982). 

Early life 

Iwatani was born in the Meguro ward of Tokyo, Japan. He joined the computer software company Namco in 1977.  This is where he started his career in the video game business.  There, he came up with the idea for a game called "Pakku-Man" and in 1980, he, along with programmer Shigeo Funaki (舟木 茂雄), a hardware engineer, a cabinet designer and Toshio Kai (甲斐 敏夫) for sound and music, finished the game. It was released to the Japanese public on May 22 of that year, where it became a huge success. It caught the attention of arcade-game manufacturer Midway, who bought the United States rights for the game and released the game in the U.S. as Pac-Man. Due to its innovative concept and continuing international popularity, it is regarded as one of the all-time classic video games. Iwatani returned to his Pac-Man roots in 2007 when he developed Pac-Man Championship Edition for the Xbox 360, which he states is the final game he will develop. 

Career

Iwatani went on to create a few other video games, including Libble Rabble, but none of them reached the amount of success that Pac-Man did. He was promoted within the ranks of Namco, eventually being responsible for overseeing the administration of the company. In a VH-1 Game Break interview, Iwatani said he did not personally profit from the creation of Pac-Man, saying, "The truth of the matter is, there were no rewards per se for the success of Pac-Man.  I was just an employee.  There was no change in my salary, no bonus, no official citation of any kind."  From April 2005 he taught the subject of Character Design Studies at Osaka University of Arts as visiting professor. Iwatani left Namco in March 2007 to become a full-time lecturer at Tokyo Polytechnic University. 

On June 2, 2010 just before visiting an event called the Festival of Games in the Netherlands, Iwatani was photographed showing the original sketches of Pac-Man, making it the first public appearance of these designs.  

The next day, June 3, 2010, at the Festival of Games, Iwatani received a certificate from Guinness World Records for Pac-Man having the most "coin-operated arcade machines" installed world wide: 293,822. The record was set and recognized in 2005, and recorded in the Guinness World Records: Gamer's Edition 2008. 

Iwatani made a cameo appearance in the film Pixels, which prominently features Pac-Man as an antagonist. A fictionalized version of Iwatani, portrayed by Denis Akiyama, also appears in the film.

Works 

Writings

*
*
Question:
Toru Iwatani, the creator of which popular video game admitted in a 1996 interview that the story of a pizza missing a slice being the inspiration of the game's main character was only half true?
Answer:
Pakman
Passage:
Haemophilia B
Haemophilia B (or hemophilia B) is a blood clotting disorder caused by a mutation of the factor IX gene, leading to a deficiency of factor IX. It is the second-most common form of haemophilia, rarer than haemophilia A. Haemophilia B was first recognized as a different kind of haemophilia in 1952.  It is sometimes called Christmas disease, named after Stephen Christmas, the first patient described with this disease.   In addition, the first report of its identification was published in the Christmas edition of the British Medical Journal. 

Signs/symptoms

The condition is marked by increased clotting time(3-8 minutes) and bleeding time(2-5 minutes).

Genetics

The factor IX gene is located on the X chromosome (Xq27.1-q27.2). It is an X-linked recessive trait, which explains why, as in haemophilia A, usually only males are affected. One in 20,000–30,000 males are affected.

In 1990, George Brownlee and Merlin Crossley showed that two sets of genetic mutations were preventing two key proteins from attaching to the DNA of people with a rare and unusual form of haemophilia B – haemophilia B Leyden – where sufferers experience episodes of excessive bleeding in childhood but have few bleeding problems after puberty. 
This lack of protein attachment to the DNA was thereby turning off the gene that produces clotting factor IX, which prevents excessive bleeding. In 2013, Merlin Crossley discovered the third and final protein causing haemophilia B Leyden.

Pathophysiology

Factor IX deficiency leads to an increased propensity for haemorrhage. This is in response to mild trauma or even spontaneously, such as in joints (haemarthrosis) or muscles.

Diagnosis

Treatment

Treatment (bleeding prophylaxis) is by intravenous infusion of factor IX. Factor IX has a longer half life than factor VIII (deficient in haemophilia A) and as such factor IX can be transfused less frequently.

History 

In the early years, there were not many treatment options for people with haemophilia B. By the late 1950s and the 1960s, with newfound technology and gradual advances in medicine, pharmaceutical scientists found a way to take the factor IX from fresh frozen plasma(FFP) and give it to those with haemophilia B. Though they found a way to treat the disease, the FFP contained only a small amount of factor IX, requiring large amounts of FFP to treat an actual bleeding episode, which resulted in the patients requiring hospitalization. By the mid-1960s scientists found a way to get a larger amount of factor IX from FFP.

By the late 1960s, pharmaceutical scientists found methods to separate the factor IX from plasma, which allows for neatly packaged bottles of factor IX concentrates. With the new development, doctors have a way to dose the amount of factor IX that patients need for bleed episodes. With the rise of factor IX concentrates it became easier for patients to get treatment at home.Although these advances in medicine had a significant positive impact on the treatment of haemophilia, there were many complications that came with it. By the early 1980s, scientists discovered that the medicines they had created were transferring blood-borne viruses, such as hepatitis, and HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. With the rise of these deadly viruses, scientists had to find improved methods for screening the blood products they received from donors.

In 1982, scientists made a breakthrough in medicine and were able to clone factor IX gene. With this new development it decreased the risk of the many viruses. Although the new factor was created, it wasn't available for haemophilia B patients till 1997. 

European royal families

A study published in 2009 identified the blood disease affecting the royal families of Great Britain, Germany, Russia and Spain as haemophilia B on the basis of genetic markers.
Question:
Christmas Disease is another name for one of the forms of which hereditary genetic disorder?
Answer:
Hemophilla
