Passage:
Late string quartets (Beethoven)
Ludwig van Beethoven's late string quartets are the following works:
*Opus 127: String Quartet No. 12 in E-flat major (1825)
*Opus 130: String Quartet No. 13 in B-flat major (1825)
*Opus 131: String Quartet No. 14 in C-sharp minor (1826)
*Opus 132: String Quartet No. 15 in A minor (1825)
*Opus 133: Große Fuge in B-flat major for string quartet (1826; originally the finale to Op. 130; it also exists in a piano transcription, Op. 134)
*Opus 135: String Quartet No. 16 in F major (1826)

These six works are Beethoven's last major completed compositions. Although dismissed by the musicians and audiences of Beethoven's time, they are widely considered to be among the greatest musical compositions of all time, and have inspired many composers and musicians. Igor Stravinsky described the Große Fuge as "an absolutely contemporary piece of music that will be contemporary forever". Richard Wagner, when reflecting on Op. 131's first movement, said that it "reveals the most melancholy sentiment expressed in music". The quartets have been performed and recorded by string quartets worldwide.

Overview

Prince Nikolai Galitzine commissioned the first three quartets (numbers 12, 13 and 15) and in a letter dated 9 November 1822, offered to pay Beethoven "what you think proper" for the three works. Beethoven replied on 25 January 1823 with his price of 50 ducats for each opus.  Beethoven composed these quartets in the sequence 12, 15, 13, 14, 16, simultaneously writing quartets 15 and 13. 

Beethoven wrote the last quartets in failing health. In April 1825 he was bedridden, and remained ill for about a month. The illness—or more precisely, his recovery from it—is remembered for having given rise to the deeply felt slow movement of the Fifteenth Quartet, which Beethoven called "Holy song of thanks ('Heiliger Dankgesang') to the divinity, from one made well." He went on to complete the quartets now numbered Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Sixteenth. The last work Beethoven completed was the substitute final movement of the Thirteenth Quartet, which replaced the difficult Große Fuge.

Appraisal

These quartets went far beyond the comprehension of musicians and audiences of the time. One musician commented that "we know there is something there, but we do not know what it is." Composer Louis Spohr called them "indecipherable, uncorrected horrors." Opinion has changed considerably from the time of their first bewildered reception: these six quartets (counting the Große Fuge) comprise Beethoven's last major, completed compositions and are widely considered to be among the greatest musical compositions of all time.  The musicologist Theodor Adorno, in particular, thought highly of them,  and Igor Stravinsky described the Große Fuge as "an absolutely contemporary piece of music that will be contemporary forever".  Their forms and ideas inspired and continue to inspire musicians and composers, such as Richard Wagner and Béla Bartók. Wagner, when reflecting on Op. 131's first movement, said that it "reveals the most melancholy sentiment expressed in music".  The last musical wish of Schubert was to hear the Op. 131 quartet, which he did on 14 November 1828, five days before his death.  Upon listening to a performance of the Op. 131 quartet, Schubert remarked, "After this, what is left for us to write?"  Of the late quartets, Beethoven's favorite was the Fourteenth Quartet, op. 131 in C minor, which he rated as his most perfect single work. 

Other versions

Transcriptions of some of the late quartets for string orchestra have been made by Arturo Toscanini and Felix Weingartner, among others.

Recordings

Ensembles that have recorded all the late string quartets by Beethoven include:

* Alban Berg Quartet, EMI (studio early 80s)
* Alban Berg Quartet, EMI (rec. live 1989)
* Alexander String Quartet, Arte Nova
* Alexander String Quartet, Foghorn Classics
* Amadeus Quartet, DG
* Barylli Quartet
* Beethoven Quartet, Melodiya (rec. 1951-1972)
* Belcea Quartet
* Borodin Quartet, Chandos
* Budapest String Quartet, Bridge (rec. 1941-60)
* Budapest String Quartet, Sony (rec. 1958-61)
* Busch Quartet, various labels (rec. 1933-41; no Große Fuge)
* Cleveland Quartet, RCA (1970s)
* Cleveland Quartet, Telarc (1990s)
* Colorado Quartet, Parnassus (rec. 2004-06)
* Emerson String Quartet, DG
* Endellion String Quartet, Warner Classics (2005-06)
* Fine Arts Quartet, Everest/Concert-Disc (rec. 1960-65)
* Gewandhaus-Quartett, New Classical Adventure (rec. live 1985-98)
* Guarneri Quartet, RCA, Philips
* Hagen Quartett, DG
* Hollywood String Quartet, Testament
* Hungarian Quartet, (1953 mono) EMI
* Hungarian Quartet, (1960s stereo) EMI
* Juilliard String Quartet, CBS studio late 60s
* Juilliard String Quartet, CBS (rec. live 1982)
* Kodaly Quartet, Naxos
* LaSalle Quartet, DG (reissued on Brilliant Classics)
* Leipziger Streichquartett, MDG
* Lindsays, ASV
* Medici Quartet, Nimbus
* Melos Quartett, DG
* Orford String Quartet, Delos
* Orion String Quartet, Koch Classics (2008)
* Penderecki String Quartet, Marquis (2013)
* Petersen Quartett, Capriccio
* Prazak Quartet, Praga
* Quartetto Italiano, Decca
* Smetana Quartet, Supraphon
* Suske Quartett, Berlin Classics
* Takács Quartet, Decca (2005)
* Talich Quartet, Calliope
* Taneyev Quartet, Boheme
* Tokyo String Quartet, RCA (1993)
* Tokyo String Quartet, Harmonia Mundi (2010)
* Vanbrugh Quartet, Intim Musik (1996)
* Vermeer Quartet, Teldec, (rec. 1984-89)
* Vegh Quartet, (1952 Les Discophiles Français) Music & Arts
* Vegh Quartet, (1972 Telefunken) Naïve-Astrée
* Wihan Quartet, Nimbus
* Yale Quartet, Vanguard
Question:
"When his Late String Quartets were first performed in the 1820s, listeners described them variously as ""indecipherable, uncorrected horrors"" and ""we know there is something there, but we do not know what it is"". Who was the composer?"
Answer:
Ludwig van Baytoven
Passage:
Purdue OWL: APA Formatting and Style Guide
Purdue OWL: APA Formatting and Style Guide
APA Formatting and Style Guide
This page is brought to you by the OWL at Purdue (https://owl.english.purdue.edu/).     When printing this page, you must include the entire legal notice at bottom.
APA Abbreviations
Summary:
APA (American Psychological Association) style is most commonly used to cite sources within the social sciences. This resource, revised according to the 6th edition, second printing of the APA manual, offers examples for the general format of APA research papers, in-text citations, endnotes/footnotes, and the reference page. For more information, please consult the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association, (6th ed., 2nd printing).
Contributors:Joshua M. Paiz, Elizabeth Angeli, Jodi Wagner, Elena Lawrick, Kristen Moore, Michael Anderson, Lars Soderlund, Allen Brizee, Russell Keck
Last Edited: 2014-02-25 10:54:35
In APA, abbreviations should be limited to instances when a) the abbreviation is standard and will not interfere with the reader’s understanding and b) if space and repetition can be greatly avoided through abbreviation.
There are a few common trends in abbreviating that you should follow when using APA, though there are always exceptions to these rules. When abbreviating a term, use the full term the first time you use it, followed immediately by the abbreviation in parentheses.
According to the American Psychological Association (APA), abbreviations are best used only when they allow for clear communication with the audience.
Exceptions: Standard abbreviations like units of measurement and states do not need to be written out. APA also allows abbreviations that appear as words in Meriam-Webster’s Collegiate Dictionary to be used without explanation (IQ, REM, AIDS, HIV).
Do not use periods or spaces in abbreviations of all capital letters, unless it is a proper name or refers to participants using identity-concealing labels:
MA, CD, HTML, APA
P. D. James, J. R. R. Tolkien, E. B. White or F.I.M., S.W.F.
Exceptions: Use a period when abbreviating the United States as an adjective (U.S. Marines or U.S. Senator)
Use a period if the abbreviation is Latin abbreviation or a reference abbreviation:
etc., e.g., a.m. or Vol. 7, p. 12, 4th ed.
Do not use periods when abbreviating measurements:
cd, ft, lb, mi, min
Exceptions: Use a period when abbreviating inch (in.) to avoid confusion.
Units of measurement and statistical abbreviations should only be abbreviated when accompanied by numerical values:
7 mg, 12 mi, M = 7.5
measured in milligrams, several miles after the exit, the means were determined
Only certain units of time should be abbreviated.
Do not abbreviate:
Question:
What do the initials u.c. mean to a printer?
Answer:
Majuscule
Passage:
Green Flag
Green Flag is a British roadside assistance and vehicle recovery provider which is part of the Direct Line Group. Formed in 1971 (as the National Breakdown Recovery Club) as an alternative to the AA and RAC, using a network of local garages and mechanics to deliver recovery and repair services instead of patrolling mechanics. Originally based in Pudsey, their operations are now controlled over several offices within the Direct Line Group.

History

Green Flag started as an idea between two friends - Bob Slicer and Jeffery Pittock - in a pub in Bradford.

At the time, the AA and RAC were well-established, and offered assistance at the roadside. Slicer and Pittock's National Breakdown Recovery Club operated under a different model, using a network of garages and mechanics that would recover and fix member's cars. The mechanics' local knowledge was meant to provide a swifter response to calls than the established competition. When the service began as a three-man business (with Ernest Smith) in 1971, membership only covered breakdowns within a 50-mile radius of their Morley Street base in Bradford, and cost £1.50 a year. Within three years, NBRC had become the UK's largest breakdown recovery firm with over 100,000 members.

In 1984 NBRC was acquired by National Car Parks (NCP) and five years later moved to new purpose-built headquarters in Pudsey, which were opened by Diana, Princess of Wales.

The company was renamed Green Flag in 1994.  The company, now being run by Ernest Smith as Chief Executive, was looking to expand into other insurance services. "Green is the symbol of health in Europe," Smith told The Independent at the time. 

NCP was bought out by US investment firm Cendant who put Green Flag up for sale in May 1999, after regulators blocked their attempt to gain critical mass by also buying RAC. Later that year, Green Flag became part of the RBS Group when it was acquired by Direct Line for £220m. 

2008 saw Green Flag announce that it would be branding 400 vans across its network to match its marketing. 

In 2011 Green Flag reviewed its network of contractors, reducing the number of partner firms from 283 to 173, with a number of firms reacting angrily to the decision.   Now, five firms represent the majority of Green Flag's network. 

RBS' insurance division was floated in October 2012 as Direct Line Group. The new company had declared itself a separate entity the previous month. 

In 2015, Direct Line Group announced it would consolidate their sites in Leeds area - with the closure of the old Green Flag site in Pudsey. All staff would be retained and moved to one of their two sites in Leeds Headrow and The Wharf buildings,  with Green Flag operations in Glasgow and other offices continuing as normal. 

Services 

Green Flag offer a range of breakdown products, from basic roadside assistance to full European cover with recovery, covering cars, motorbikes, trailers and small vans.

The company claim a response time of 42 minutes and that they have over 4m customers.

Green Flag's services are also available through partners including Direct Line, Churchill, Sainsbury's Bank, Esure, RBS and NatWest. They also operate a specialist breakdown service for caravan and motorhome owners on behalf of the Caravan Club.

Like the rest of the Direct Line Group, Green Flag's products are underwritten by U K Insurance Limited.

Advertising

In 2010, mascot Maximili'ant was introduced to Green Flag's marketing.  An ant was chosen as the company claims "they're hard working, strong and work well in a team - qualities reflected in the Green Flag network."   The character was brought to life by the voice of Harry Hill in TV and radio advertising until 2012.

Sponsorships 

In 1994, Green Flag became the first brand to sponsor the England football team.  The deal ran from 1994 to the 1998 FIFA World Cup, including UEFA Euro 1996, and is believed to have cost the firm £4m. 

Between 2000 and 2002, the company were the main title sponsor British Formula 3 Championship  and then, between 2002 and 2004, the British Touring Car Championship.  This was not the company's first motorsport sponsorship, as National Breakdown had sponsored rallies between 1984 and 1987. 

2004 saw the company dabble in football again as they took up sponsorship of AOL's coverage of Euro 2004. 

The Green Flag logo appeared on the Williams F1 team cars of Nico Rosberg and Kazuki Nakajima (2009) and Rubens Barichello and Nico Hülkenberg (2010) as part of the RBS sponsorship. 

Green Flag is the current sponsor of British gymnast Nile Wilson. 

On 28 February 2014, Green Flag announced that it had become a sponsor of Premiership Rugby. 

From 21 June 2015 to present, Green Flag is currently the sponsor the national weather on ITV and UTV.

Awards 

Green Flag are multiple Your Money award winners. They were named Best Breakdown Cover Provider in 2004,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251370/your-money-award-winners-2004 Your Money award winners 2004] 2005,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251365/your-money-award-winners-2005 Your Money award winners 2005] 2006,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251355/your-money-award-winners-2006 Your Money award winners 2006] 2007,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251353/your-money-award-winners-2007 Your Money award winners 2007] 2008,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251347/your-money-award-winners-2008 Your Money award winners 2008] 2009,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251118/your-money-awards-winners-2009 Your Money award winners 2009] 2010,[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2251108/your-money-award-winners-2010 Your Money award winners 2010] 2013[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/awards/2293755/your-money-direct-awards-2013 Your Money award winners 2013] and 2014.[http://www.yourmoney.com/your-money/news/2355391/your-money-award-winners-2014-revealed Your Money award winners 2014 revealed] They were also Best Online Breakdown Cover provider in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2014.

The Institute of Transport Management recognised Green Flag as the Roadside Assistance Company of the year in 2012. 

Green Flag was ranked 9th after scoring 81.02% in the 2013 Auto Express Driver Power survey of best breakdown cover providers.  This increased to a score of 87.33% and an improved ranking of 3rd in the newest Auto Express Driver Power Survey in 2014 - seeing Green Flag outrank both the AA and RAC.
Question:
In 1995 the company National Breakdown changed its name – to what?
Answer:
National Breakdown
Passage:
Mary Jane (shoe)
Mary Jane (Also known as bar shoes) is an American term (formerly a registered trademark) for a closed, low-cut shoe with one or more straps across the instep.

Classic Mary Janes for children are typically made of black leather or patent leather, have one thin strap fastened with a buckle or button, a broad and rounded toebox, low heels, and thin outsoles. Among girls, Mary Janes are traditionally worn with pantyhose or socks, and a dress or a skirt and blouse. Among boys (less common), Mary Janes are traditionally worn with socks, short trousers, and a shirt.

History

Children's shoes secured by a strap over the instep and fastened with a buckle or button appeared in the early 19th century. Originally worn by both sexes, they began to be perceived as being mostly for girls in the 1930s in North America and the 1940s in Europe.  They were also popular with women in the 1920s. 

Today, Mary Janes for children, particularly the more classic styles, are often considered semi-formal or formal shoes, appropriate for school (many schools worldwide require that girls wear them with their uniform), religious ceremonies, weddings, visits, and birthday parties for example. More modern styles are also worn in casual settings, however: playgrounds, shopping centers, sports (Mary Jane sneakers), etc. Although less popular than in the past, Mary Janes remain a timeless classic of children's fashion and, for many people, a symbol of girlhood.

Moreover, Mary Janes are a preferred accessory of many traditional or folk costumes, such as those of the flamenco female dancer and of the typical woman in Mao's China and Kim's North Korea. 

Etymology

Mary Jane was a character created by Richard Felton Outcault "Father of the Sunday Comic Strip" for his comic strip Buster Brown, which was first published in 1902. She was the "sweetheart" of the title character Buster Brown and was drawn from real life, as she was also Outcault's daughter of the same name.  In Outcault's own words—and his daughter's—she was the only character drawn from life in the Buster Brown strip, although "Mrs. Brown" did resemble Outcault's wife.

In 1904, Outcault traveled to the St. Louis World's Fair and sold licenses to up to 200 companies to use the Buster Brown characters to advertise their products. Among them was the Brown Shoe Company, which later hired actors to tour the country, performing as the Buster Brown characters in theaters and stores. This strategy helped the Brown Shoe Company become the most prominently associated brand with the Buster Brown characters. The style of shoe both Buster Brown and Mary Jane wore came to be known by her name, Mary Jane.

Adult styles

While the classic Mary Jane still retains its wide popularity and appeal, platform style Mary Janes have also evolved since the late 1990s, with 1-cm to 3-cm (½-in to 1-in) outsoles and 8-cm to 13-cm (3-in to 5-in) "chunky" heels, often with exaggerated grommets or buckles. These styles were especially popular in the United States in the late 1990s and early 2000s, within punk rock, psychobilly, and goth subcultures. Many times the wearers would accent the look with knee-high knit socks in dark-colored stripes or patterns and/or some form of hosiery (stockings/pantyhose), and often complete the look with a plaid, pleated schoolgirl-style skirt.

During the early 2000s, block heeled mary jane shoes were popular in the United Kingdom and were fastened by a rectangular chrome buckle and were made under various brand names such as No Doubt, Koi Couture etc.

Mary Janes are a popular part of kinderwhore and Lolita fashion. A pump with a strap across the instep may be referred to as a "Mary Jane pump", although it does not have the low heels or wide toe of the original Mary Jane (and a pump is generally strapless by definition).
Question:
What type of fashion items are ‘Mary Janes’?
Answer:
Orthopaedic footwear
Passage:
Mr. Peanut
Mr. Peanut is the advertising logo and mascot of Planters, an American snack-food company and division of Kraft Foods. He is depicted as an anthropomorphic peanut in its shell dressed in the formal clothing of an old-fashioned gentleman: a top hat, monocle, white gloves, spats, and a cane.

History

Planters Peanut Company was founded in 1906, in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania by Amedeo Obici and was incorporated two years later as the Planters Nut and Chocolate Company.  In 1916 a young schoolboy Antonio Gentile, submitted drawings of an anthropomorphic peanut, a commercial artist, Andrew S. Wallach added the monocle, top hat and cane to create the iconic image.  The schoolboy's family is believed to have received five dollars for the submission.    

There is a disputed claim that Frank P. Krize, Sr., a Wikes-Barre artist and head of the Suffolk plant, made the additions of the monocle, top hat and cane.  Andrew Wallach's daughter, Virginia, maintains that Frank P. Krize joined the project after Mr. Peanut was created.  Planter's history and other sources still in circulation, do not positively identify the artist.     

By the mid-1930s, the raffish figure had come to symbolize the entire peanut industry. Mr. Peanut has appeared on almost every Planters package and advertisement. He is now one of the best-known icons in advertising history. 

Mr. Peanut has appeared in many TV commercials as an animated cartoon character. More recent commercials have shown him stop motion animated in a real-world setting.

In 2006, Planters conducted an online contest to determine whether to add a bow tie, cufflinks, or a pocketwatch to Mr. Peanut.  The public voted for no change. 

While the character's television commercials were often accompanied by an elegant accented narrator, Mr. Peanut never had dialogue. On November 8, 2010, Planters announced that Mr. Peanut would officially be given a voice, supplied by American actor Robert Downey Jr. 

In 2011 Mr. Peanut's "stunt double" named Peanut Butter Doug was introduced to tie-in with the Planter's Peanut Butter launch. The character is voiced by Kevin Dillon. 

Planters announced on July 1, 2013 that its mascot, Mr. Peanut, would be voiced by comedian and Saturday Night Live alumnus Bill Hader,  who, ironically, is allergic to peanuts. 

In literature

*In the 2010 novel Mr. Peanut, a man fantasizes about killing his peanut-allergic wife by force-feeding her peanuts.   "He poured out a handful and ate them and then wiped the salt from his empty hand on his pants.  He looked at the chipper Planters Peanuts man tipping his top hat hello and thought about how one bite could kill Alice dead." 

In popular culture

*The artist Vincent Trasov, dressed as Mr. Peanut, ran as a joke candidate in the 1974 Vancouver, British Columbia civic elections. 
*In November 2010, The New Yorker magazine published a spoof confession by Mr. Peanut that he is gay and in a relationship with his new sidekick, Benson. 
*Mr. Peanut appears as a monster in the online game Kingdom of Loathing.
Question:
What type of eyewear is associated with the old rich people - and also Mr. Peanut?
Answer:
Monocles
Passage:
Nicola Sturgeon allows TV glimpse into home life - The ...
Nicola Sturgeon allows TV glimpse into home life - The Scotsman
Nicola Sturgeon allows TV glimpse into home life
Stills from a STV Spotlight interview with Nicola Sturgeon and her husband Peter Murrell. Picture: STV
00:00 Friday 24 April 2015
Have your say
NICOLA Sturgeon and her husband Peter Murrell last night gave a rare glimpse into their private life when they were asked about their lack of children, her fashion choices and what it is like to be Scotland’s first female First Minister.
In an interview with STV’s Spotlight programme, Ms Sturgeon was also asked about her relationship with her predecessor Alex Salmond.
The couple gave a rare glimpse of their private life. Picture: STV
Ms Sturgeon denied that Mr Salmond was still pulling the strings in the SNP, but said she can always go to him for advice.
She contrasted their positive relationship with the “dysfunctional” one between Tony Blair and Gordon Brown.
Ms Sturgeon said there was “an understandable curiosity” about the couple’s family life, but added that Alex Salmond was rarely asked about his lack of children.
Mr Murrell, the SNP’s chief executive, added that his wife gets asked a lot of questions that would not be asked of a man.
Ms Sturgeon said: “Alex Salmond doesn’t have children. He might tell you differently, but I’m not aware of reading an interview or seeing an interview with Alex Salmond being asked that question.”
She added: “I’m not moaning about this, but it’s just one of these things that I think is just a bit different if you’re a woman in politics.”
Mr Murrell added: “It’s just one of those questions that a female politician gets asked. A man would never get asked about clothes or hair or something else. It’s just different.”
The couple were shown in Totty Rocks, a fashion store that supplies Ms Sturgeon with outfits.
Question:
Peter Murrell is the husband of which politician?
Answer:
NICOLA STURGEON
Passage:
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States are the members of the Supreme Court of the United States other than the Chief Justice of the United States. The number of Associate Justices is determined by the United States Congress and is currently set at eight by the Judiciary Act of 1869.

Like the Chief Justice, Associate Justices are nominated by the President of the United States and are confirmed by the United States Senate by majority vote. This is provided for in Article II of the Constitution, which states that the President "shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint... Judges of the supreme Court." Although the Constitution refers to them as "Judges of the Supreme Court," the title actually used is "Associate Justice," introduced in the Judiciary Act of 1789.  Associate justices were traditionally styled "Mr. Justice" in court opinions, but the title was shortened to "Justice" in 1980, a year before the first female justice was appointed. 

Article III of the Constitution specifies that Associate Justices, and all other United States federal judges "shall hold their Offices during good Behavior". This language means that the appointments are effectively for life, ending only when a Justice dies in office, retires, or is removed from office following impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate. 

Each of the Justices of the Supreme Court has a single vote in deciding the cases argued before it; the Chief Justice's vote counts no more than that of any other Justice. However, in drafting opinions, the Chief Justice enjoys additional influence in case disposition if in the majority through his power to assign who writes the opinion. Otherwise, the senior justice in the majority assigns the writing of a decision. Furthermore, the Chief Justice leads the discussion of the case among the justices. The Chief Justice has certain administrative responsibilities that the other Justices do not and is paid slightly more ($255,500 per year for the Chief Justice and $244,400 per year for each Associate Justice ).

Associate Justices have seniority by order of appointment, although the Chief Justice is always considered to be the most senior. If two justices are appointed on the same day, the older is designated the senior Justice of the two. Currently, the senior Associate Justice is Anthony Kennedy. By tradition, when the Justices are in conference deliberating the outcome of cases before the Court, the justices state their views in order of seniority. If there is a knock at their conference room door, the junior justice (who sits closest to the door) must answer it. The current junior justice is Elena Kagan.

Under 28 USC [http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/28/3.html 3], when the Chief Justice is unable to discharge his functions, or that office is vacant, his duties are carried out by the most senior Associate Justice until the disability or the vacancy ends.

The sitting Associate Justices are, ordered by seniority:

File:Anthony Kennedy official SCOTUS portrait.jpg| Anthony Kennedy
File:Clarence Thomas official SCOTUS portrait.jpg| Clarence Thomas
File:Ruth Bader Ginsburg official SCOTUS portrait.jpg| Ruth Bader Ginsburg
File:Stephen Breyer, SCOTUS photo portrait.jpg| Stephen Breyer
File:010 alito.jpg| Samuel Alito
File:Sonia Sotomayor in SCOTUS robe.jpg| Sonia Sotomayor
File:Elena Kagan Official SCOTUS Portrait (2013).jpg| Elena Kagan

Retired Associate Justices

When Justices retire, they have the opportunity to assume duties similar to the senior status assumed by District and Circuit Judges. This means that the Justice keeps his or her title, and may serve by assignment on panels of the U.S. Courts of Appeals, or even the US District Courts if so requested and assigned. Retired Justices may choose to keep a set of chambers in the Supreme Court building, as well as to employ law clerks. The names of retired Associate Justices continue to appear alongside those of the active Justices of the Court on the Bound Volumes of Supreme Court decisions. However, retired Associate Justices (unlike judges on senior status) take no part in the consideration or decision of any cases before their former court (the Supreme Court), although they may be appointed by the Chief Justice to sit on lower courts.

Currently, there are three retired Associate Justices: Sandra Day O'Connor, who retired on January 31, 2006, David H. Souter, who retired on June 29, 2009, and John Paul Stevens, who retired on June 29, 2010. Both O'Connor and Souter occasionally serve on panels of the Courts of Appeals of various circuits. As of present, Stevens has chosen not to so serve.

List of Associate Justices
Question:
Now considered one of the top legal minds on the court, the confirmation hearing for what current associate Supreme Court justice was marred by accusations of sexual harassment from attorney Anita Hill?
Answer:
Clarence Thomas
Passage:
Rash
A rash is a change of the skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.

A rash may be localized in one part of the body, or affect all the skin. Rashes may cause the skin to change color, itch, become warm, bumpy, chapped, dry, cracked or blistered, swell, and may be painful.

The causes, and therefore treatments for rashes, vary widely. Diagnosis must take into account such things as the appearance of the rash, other symptoms, what the patient may have been exposed to, occupation, and occurrence in family members. Rash can last 5 to 20 days, the diagnosis may confirm any number of conditions.

The presence of a rash may aid diagnosis; associated signs and symptoms are diagnostic of certain diseases. For example, the rash in measles is an erythematous, morbilliform, maculopapular rash that begins a few days after the fever starts. It classically starts at the head, and spreads downwards.

Differential diagnosis 

Common causes of rashes include:
* Food Allergy
* Anxiety
* Allergies, for example to food, dyes, medicines, insect stings, metals such as zinc or nickel; such rashes are often called hives.
* Skin contact with an irritant
** Fungal infection, such as ringworm
** Balsam of Peru 
* Reaction to vaccination
* Skin diseases such as eczema or acne
* Exposure to sun (sunburn) or heat
* Friction due to chafing of the skin
* Irritation such as caused by abrasives impregnated in clothing rubbing the skin. The cloth itself may be abrasive enough for some people
* 
* Secondary syphilis
* Poor personal hygiene
Uncommon causes:
* Autoimmune disorders such as psoriasis
* Lead poisoning
* Pregnancy
* Repeated scratching on a particular spot
* Lyme Disease
* Scarlet fever

Conditions

Diagnostic approach

The causes of a rash are numerous, which may make the evaluation of a rash extremely difficult. An accurate evaluation by a provider may only be made in the context of a thorough history (What medication is the patient taking? What is the patient's occupation? Where has the patient been?) and complete physical examination.

Points to note in the examination include:

* The appearance: e.g., purpuric (typical of vasculitis and meningococcal disease), fine and like sandpaper (typical of scarlet fever); circular lesions with a central depression are typical of molluscum contagiosum (and in the past, small pox); plaques with silver scales are typical of psoriasis.
* The distribution: e.g., the rash of scarlet fever becomes confluent and forms bright red lines in the skin creases of the neck, armpits and groins (Pastia's lines); the vesicles of chicken pox seem to follow the hollows of the body (they are more prominent along the depression of the spine on the back and in the hollows of both shoulder blades); very few rashes affect the palms of the hands and soles of the feet (secondary syphilis, rickettsia or spotted fevers, [http://scholar.google.co.uk/scholar?hlen&lr
&qintitle%3AA+febrile+illness+with+generalized+papular+rash+involving+the+palms+and+soles&as_publication
Clin+Infect+Dis&as_ylo2007&as_yhi
2007&btnG=Search Scholar search] guttate psoriasis, hand, foot and mouth disease, keratoderma blennorrhagicum);
* Symmetry: e.g., herpes zoster usually only affects one side of the body and does not cross the midline.

A patch test may be ordered, for diagnostic purposes. 

Treatment

Treatment differs according to what rash a patient has been diagnosed with. Common rashes can be easily remedied using steroid topical creams (such as hydrocortisone) or non-steroidal treatments. Many of the medications are available over the counter in the United States. 

The problem with steroid topical creams i.e. hydrocortisone; is their inability to penetrate the skin through absorption and therefore not be effective in clearing up the affected area, thus rendering the hydrocortisone almost completely ineffective in all except the most mild of cases.
Question:
What disease is known by the symptoms of a rash and a strawberry coloured tongue
Answer:
Scarlatina
Passage:
Cillit Bang
Cillit Bang (sold in some countries as Easy-Off Bam or Easy-Off Bang) is the brand name of a range of cleaning products sold by the consumer products manufacturer Reckitt Benckiser. The products marketed under the brand name include a degreaser, cleaning crystals, and a grime, rust, mould and limescale remover.

Product range

Cillit Bang Power Grime and Lime Spray

Cillit Bang Grime and Lime Spray (known in some countries as Easy off Bang/Bam Power Grime and Lime Cleaner Trigger) product contains two acids: sulfamic acid and phosphoric acid. Phosphoric acid (also known as orthophosphoric acid or phosphoric (V) acid) is a weak mineral acid with the chemical formula 34 and applied to rusted iron or steel tools or surfaces to convert iron (III) oxide (rust) to a water-soluble phosphate compound.

This cleaner can be used on glass, acrylic plastic, ceramics (washbasins, toilet bowls, etc.), wall and floor tiles, PVC floor coating, copper, chrome and kitchen tops.

It should not be used on any acid sensitive material, such as marble or enamel, aluminium, stone, zinc-plated metals, kitchen worktops, linoleum, varnished, waxed or oiled wood floors, rubber, textiles or carpets.

A Canadian advert for the product features a disclaimer that the Royal Canadian Mint "neither endorses the product nor the method shown for the cleaning of coins".

Cillit Bang Power Crystal

Cillit Bang Power Crystal (known outside the UK as Easy-Off Bang/Bam Power Cleaning Crystal) is a liquid for cleaning heavily stained surfaces. It contains not more than 5% of anionic surfactants, nonionic surfactants, 15-30% of sodium carbonate, sodium percarbonate (the bleaching compound), and a perfume formula containing limonene. It is a skin irritant and can cause allergic reactions in some people, so the company now advises the use of gloves during prolonged exposure.

Advertising campaign

UK advertisements have been presented by "Barry Scott", a brashly enthusiastic character played by Neil Burgess, who claims that Cillit Bang can remove limescale, rust and ground-in dirt. In one advert he places a copper-plated one penny coin in Cillit Bang to demonstrate the product's cleaning ability to remove staining.

In January 2016, Reckitt Benckiser launched its first global campaign, starring dancer Daniel Campos. 

Other countries' versions of the advert use different presenters, known as Martin Grellis in Australia and New Zealand, and Dan Dolan in North America, although recent spots feature Neil Burgess as Barry Scott.  Dan demonstrates the cleaning methods seen in the Cillit Bang adverts and also cleans oil spills. The North American versions of the advertisement use the appropriate one-cent coin (a Lincoln cent in the U.S., a 1953–1964 one cent coin in Canada).

Outside Europe

The product is sold as Easy-Off BAM (a brand extension of Reckitt Benckiser's popular oven cleaner) in the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia and Mexico, and as "Easy-Off BANG" in South Africa and Korea, with similar packaging and spray bottle design.

Industrial use

In August 2009 it was revealed that household cleaners such as Cillit Bang and Mr. Muscle have been used to clean plutonium stains at the defunct Dounreay nuclear power station in Caithness, Scotland.
Question:
What is the name of the character played by actor Neil Burgess in the television commercial for cleaning product Cillit Bang?
Answer:
Barry Scott
Passage:
Farthing (British coin)
The British farthing (¼d) coin, from "fourthing", was a unit of currency of one quarter of a penny, or one nine hundred and sixtieth of a pound sterling. It was minted in bronze, and replaced the earlier copper farthings. It was used during the reign of six monarchs: Victoria, Edward VII, George V, Edward VIII, George VI and Elizabeth II, ceasing to be legal tender in 1960. It featured two different designs on its reverse during its one hundred years in circulation: from 1860 until 1936, the image of Britannia; and from 1937 onwards, the image of a wren. Like all British coinage, it bore the portrait of the monarch on the obverse. 

Before Decimal Day in 1971, there were two hundred and forty pence in one pound sterling. There were four farthings in a penny, twelve pence made a shilling, and twenty shillings made a pound. Values less than a pound were usually written in terms of shillings and pence, e.g. three shillings and six pence (3/6), pronounced "three and six" or "three and sixpence". Values of less than a shilling were simply written in terms of pence, e.g. 8d, pronounced "eightpence". A price with a farthing in it would be written like this: (19/11¼), pronounced "nineteen and elevenpence farthing".

As of 2014, the purchasing power of a farthing in 1960 (at its demise) ranged between 2p and 7p (in 2014 GB Pound values). 

Design 

The original reverse of the coin, designed by Leonard Charles Wyon, is a seated Britannia, holding a trident, with the word  above. Issues before 1895 also feature a lighthouse to Britannia's left and a ship to her right. Various minor adjustments to the level of the sea depicted around Britannia, and the angle of her trident were also made over the years. Some issues feature toothed edges, while others feature beading.

Over the years, seven different obverses were used. Edward VII, George V, George VI and Elizabeth II each had a single obverse for farthings produced during their respective reigns. Over the long reign of Queen Victoria two different obverses were used, and the short reign of Edward VIII meant that no farthings bearing his likeness were ever issued.

The farthing was first issued with the so-called "bun head", or "draped bust" of Queen Victoria on the obverse. The inscription around the bust read  (abbreviated Latin: Victoria by the grace of God queen of Britain defender of the faith). This was replaced in 1895 by the "old head", or "veiled bust". The inscription on these coins read  (Victoria by the grace of God queen of Britain defender of the faith empress of India).

Coins issued during the reign of Edward VII feature his likeness and bear the inscription  (Edward VII by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India). Similarly, those issued during the reign of George V feature his likeness and bear the inscription  (George V by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India).

A farthing of King Edward VIII (1936) does exist, dated 1937, but technically it is a pattern coin i.e. one produced for official approval, which it would probably have been due to receive about the time that the King abdicated. The obverse shows a left-facing portrait of the king (who considered this to be his best side, and consequently broke the tradition of alternating the direction in which the monarch faces on coins — some viewed this as indicating bad luck for the reign); the inscription on the obverse is  (Edward VIII by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India).

The pattern coin of Edward VIII and regular-issue farthings of George VI and Elizabeth II feature a redesigned reverse displaying the wren, one of Britain's smallest birds.

George VI issue coins feature the inscription  (George VI by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith emperor of India) before 1949, and  (George VI by the grace of God king of all Britain defender of the faith) thereafter. Unlike the penny, farthings were minted throughout the early reign of Elizabeth II, bearing the inscription  (Elizabeth II by the grace of God queen of all Britain defender of the faith) in 1953, and  (Elizabeth II by the grace of God queen defender of the faith) thereafter.
 
OBVERSE DESIGNS

File:Victoria farthing.jpg|Victoria (old)
File:Victorianewfarthingobv.jpg|Victoria (new)
File:EdwardvIIfarthingobv.jpg|Edward VII
File:1919farthingobv.jpg|George V
File:1944farthingobv.jpg|George VI
File:Britfarthing1954obv.jpg|Elizabeth II

Mintages
Question:
In what year did the farthing cease to be legal tender in England?
Answer:
one thousand, nine hundred and sixty
Passage:
Solid mechanics
Solid mechanics is the branch of continuum mechanics that studies the behavior of solid materials, especially their motion and deformation under the action of forces, temperature changes, phase changes, and other external or internal agents.

Solid mechanics is fundamental for civil, aerospace, nuclear, and mechanical engineering, for geology, and for many branches of physics such as materials science.  It has specific applications in many other areas, such as understanding the anatomy of living beings, and the design of dental prostheses and surgical implants.  One of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation. Solid mechanics extensively uses tensors to describe stresses, strains, and the relationship between them.

Relationship to continuum mechanics

As shown in the following table, solid mechanics inhabits a central place within continuum mechanics.  The field of rheology presents an overlap between solid and fluid mechanics.

Response models

A material has a rest shape and its shape departs away from the rest shape due to stress. The amount of departure from rest shape is called deformation, the proportion of deformation to original size is called strain. If the applied stress is sufficiently low (or the imposed strain is small enough), almost all solid materials behave in such a way that the strain is directly proportional to the stress; the coefficient of the proportion is called the modulus of elasticity.  This region of deformation is known as the linearly elastic region.

It is most common for analysts in solid mechanics to use linear material models, due to ease of computation. However, real materials often exhibit non-linear behavior. As new materials are used and old ones are pushed to their limits, non-linear material models are becoming more common.

There are four basic models that describe how a solid responds to an applied stress:
# Elastically – When an applied stress is removed, the material returns to its undeformed state. Linearly elastic materials, those that deform proportionally to the applied load, can be described by the linear elasticity equations such as Hooke's law.
# Viscoelastically – These are materials that behave elastically, but also have damping: when the stress is applied and removed, work has to be done against the damping effects and is converted in heat within the material resulting in a hysteresis loop in the stress–strain curve. This implies that the material response has time-dependence.
# Plastically – Materials that behave elastically generally do so when the applied stress is less than a yield value. When the stress is greater than the yield stress, the material behaves plastically and does not return to its previous state. That is, deformation that occurs after yield is permanent.
# Thermoelasticity (physics) - There is coupling of mechanical with thermal responses. In general, thermoelasticity is concerned with elastic solids under conditions that are neither isothermal nor adiabatic. The simplest theory involves the Fourier's law of heat conduction, as opposed to advanced theories with physically more realistic models.

Timeline

*1452–1519 Leonardo da Vinci made many contributions
*1638: Galileo Galilei published the book "Two New Sciences" in which he examined the failure of simple structures

*1660: Hooke's law by Robert Hooke
*1687: Isaac Newton published "Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica" which contains the Newton's laws of motion

*1750: Euler–Bernoulli beam equation
*1700–1782: Daniel Bernoulli introduced the principle of virtual work
*1707–1783: Leonhard Euler developed the theory of buckling of columns

*1826: Claude-Louis Navier published a treatise on the elastic behaviors of structures
*1873: Carlo Alberto Castigliano presented his dissertation "Intorno ai sistemi elastici", which contains his theorem for computing displacement as partial derivative of the strain energy. This theorem includes the method of least work as a special case
*1874: Otto Mohr formalized the idea of a statically indeterminate structure.
*1922: Timoshenko corrects the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation
*1936: Hardy Cross' publication of the moment distribution method, an important innovation in the design of continuous frames.
*1941: Alexander Hrennikoff solved the discretization of plane elasticity problems using a lattice framework
*1942: R. Courant divided a domain into finite subregions
*1956: J. Turner, R. W. Clough, H. C. Martin, and L. J. Topp's paper on the "Stiffness and Deflection of Complex Structures" introduces the name "finite-element method" and is widely recognized as the first comprehensive treatment of the method as it is known today
Question:
Which scientist formulated the law of elasticity in 1660?
Answer:
Robert Hook
Passage:
The White House - Fact Monster
The White House
The White House
Where the President Lives and Works
Watch this video to learn facts about the famous landmark, the White House, in Washington, D.C.
Choosing a City
In the late 1700s, it was decided that our country needed a capital city. Our first president, George Washington, picked a site on the Potomac River, midway between the northern and southern states. This spot would come to be called Washington, District of Columbia.
Pierre L'Enfant, a city planner from France, designed the new city. He decided to place the Capitol Building on one hill and the "President's House" on another hill. L'Enfant had many plans for building the city, but he lost his job after too many disagreements with landowners. The streets and parks that exist in Washington, D.C., today are the result of the work of two surveyors, Andrew Ellicott and Benjamin Banneker, who made maps and plans based on L'Enfant's original designs.
The original District of Columbia was like a wilderness, and the Potomac River caused the area to be marshy. Pigs roamed the streets, and mosquitoes made people sick from malaria. Conditions improved, however, when the marshes, creeks, and canals were drained.
Building the White House
While the city of Washington, D.C. was being developed, the president's house was also getting under way. A contest was held to select a designer for the house. While it is said that our third president, Thomas Jefferson, submitted designs for the house, architect James Hoban won the contest.
Work on the house began in 1792. Stonemasons were hired from Scotland. Bricks were made on the north lawn. Sandstone was brought from Stafford County, Virginia, and lumber from North Carolina and Virginia.
President George Washington oversaw construction of the White House, but he never lived there! It was our second president, John Adams, elected in 1796, who first lived in the White House. His term was almost over by the time he moved in, and only six rooms had been finished.
While James Madison was president, from 1809 to 1817, the United States went to war with England. On August 24, 1814, British soldiers sailed up the Potomac River and set fire to the White House. A summer thunderstorm put out the fire, but only the charred outside walls and the interior brick walls remained. It took three years to rebuild the White House.
White House Facts
There are 132 rooms, 35 bathrooms, and 6 levels to accommodate all the people who live in, work in, and visit the White House. There are also 412 doors, 147 windows, 28 fireplaces, 8staircases, and 3 elevators.
The White House has six floors—two basements, two public floors, and two floors for the First Family.
At various times in history, the White House has been known as the "President's Palace," the "President's House," and the "Executive Mansion." President Theodore Roosevelt officially gave the White House its current name in 1901.
The White House receives approximately 6,000 visitors a day.
With five full-time chefs, the White House kitchen is able to serve dinner to as many as 140 guests and hors d'oeuvres to more than 1,000.
The White House requires 570 gallons of paint to cover its outside surface.
For recreation, the White House has a variety of facilities available to its residents, including a tennis court, a jogging track, a swimming pool, a movie theater, a billiard room, and a bowling lane.
Did You Know?
The White House was the biggest house in the United States until the Civil War.
Source: The White House
Question:
Where would you find the river called The Ouse?
Answer:
Englnad
Passage:
Cynology
Cynology is the study of matters related to canines or domestic dogs and regular dogs.

In English it may be a term sometimes used to denote serious zoological approach to the study of dogs  as well as by writers on canine subjects, dog breeders and trainers   and enthusiasts who informally study the dog.  

Cynology 

Cynology is a classical compound word (from Greek , kyōn, genitive , kynos, "dog"; and , -logia) referring to the study of dogs.  The word is not found in major English dictionaries and it is not a recognized scientific discipline in English-speaking countries.
Similar words are found in other languages, such German and Dutch kynologie, and the Russian кинология, from the Proto-Indo-European , which is the source of hound.

κυν is also the source of the English word cynic, and is directly related to canine and hound.

Usage in English 

The suffix '-logy' in English words refers to a study, or an academic discipline, or field of scientific study.  English Classical compound words of this type may confer an impression of scientific rigor on a non-scientific occupation or profession.

Usage in English of the word cynology is rare, and occasionally found in the names of dog training academies, with cynologist sometimes being used as a title by some dog trainers or handlers. People who informally study the dog may refer to themselves as 'cynologists' to imply serious study or scientific work.

The study of dogs 

Studies of dogs, and dog related matters, are carried out and published: in general, by those who have mastered the relevant literature or aspects of it, and the formal structure of the subject (National and International Kennel Club breeding, health, and show regulations etc.); in specific, by biologists, geneticists, zoologists, behaviourists, and others scientists, historians, veterinarians and breed specialists.

Informally, dogs may be studied by those with no specific scientific training, such as publicists and authors, breeders, trainers, police dog handlers, animal communicators and others, through literature, history,and personal experience. Many useful books and videotapes for the public have been produced through informal study of the dog.
Those who, very rarely, refer to themselves as "cynologists", may formally or informally study such things as veterinary science, dog breeding, breed development, dog behavior and training, and the literature and history of dogs.

Usage in other languages 

Cynology, may have other connotations or use in languages other than English, see German :de:Kynologie, Dutch :nl:Kynologie and Czech :cs:Sportovní kynologie.

The very rare term cynologist in English, is generally found to refer to "canine specialists" such as; certified care professionals, certified show judges, breeders, breed enthusiasts, certified dog-trainers and professional dog-handlers.

*A similar word is used to refer to dog handlers and dog trainers in Russia.  
*A veterinary clinic in Armenia offers a 'cynologist' to assist with dog training. 
*A magazine in the Baltic states described as 'dedicated to the development of cynology in the Baltic countries' covers dog training, dog shows, and veterinary advice (a hobbyist magazine, not a scientific journal.)
Question:
Cynology is the study of which animals?
Answer:
Domestic dogs
