Passage:
TV Ad Music | Find, watch, download songs and tracks from ...
TV Ad Music | Find, watch, download songs and tracks from UK television adverts and commercials.
Comment
Welcome to our annual round-up of the most popular TV Ad Music of the year, based on a combination of clicks and downloads. We published around 400 new ads in 2016, our 15th year online. Many thanks to everyone who visited, downloaded, commented, tweeted and messaged TV Ad Music over the last 12 months.
We have a fresh new look planned for TV Ad Music in 2017. You can keep up to date by following us on Twitter , Facebook , Google+ or RSS . You can also sign up for free email updates .
Here, in reverse order, is our run-down of the most popular TV Ad Music of 2016. Use the links to watch the ads or download the tracks.
***
#10: Apple iPhone 7 – Midnight Watch
Music: Hamilton Leithauser + Rostam – In A Blackout iTunes / Amazon
This beautifully shot TV ad stood out among a whole host of 2016 Apple ads, largely due to the song, In A Blackout by Hamilton Leithauser + Rostam (from the bands The Walkmen and Vampire Weekend respectively). It’s from their recent album I Had a Dream That You Were Mine.
#9: Thomas Cook – Be Bold Watch
Music: Tam Cooper – Be Bold iTunes / Amazon
Thomas Cook’s 2016 TV ad was bang on trend, featuring an eye-catching dance and an ear-catching tune, as a young boy in a shark fin busts some moves by the pool. The popular music track is a bespoke composition by Tam Cooper for Earworm Music.
#8: Fiat 500 – Fresh Watch
Music: TIEKS – Sunshine (feat. Dan Harkna) iTunes / Amazon
This colourful 2016 Fiat 500 TV ad positioned the car as fresh as a blooming daisy and a squeezed lemon, and featured the music track Sunshine by TIEKS featuring Dan Harkna.
#7: Samsung Galaxy S7 – Sink Watch
Music: Charles Trenet – Boum! iTunes / Amazon
A young man waited for an important phone call on his water-resistant Galaxy S7 in this sink-based Samsung TV ad. The soundtrack featured one of the most popular French songs ever recorded, Boum! by Charles Trenet, originally released in 1938.
#6: Lloyds Bank – For Your Next Step Watch
Music: Jennifer Ann – Mad World (Tears for Fears cover) iTunes / Amazon
The Lloyds black horse returned in this ad, showing how the bank could be there for important moments in life. The soundtrack was a piano cover version of the Tears For Fears song Mad World, performed by US-born, UK-based musician Jennifer Ann.
#5: IKEA – Welcome Home Watch
Music: Patrick Watson – Lighthouse iTunes / Amazon
A young boy shone a little light on his mother’s journey home in this beautifully-made IKEA TV ad, with the strapline “life’s better at the flick of a switch”. The song was Lighthouse by Patrick Watson from the Canadian singer’s 2012 album Adventures In Your Own Backyard.
#4: Nationwide – On Your Side For Generations Watch
Music: Sleeping At Last – I’ll Keep You Safe iTunes / Amazon
First aired in summer 2015, this Nationwide Building Society TV ad, featuring a scarf passed down through generations, was number 2 on last year’s list and hangs on to make number 4 in 2016. The song is I’ll Keep You Safe by Sleeping At Last, AKA Illinois musician Ryan O’Neal.
#3: Boots No7 – Lift & Luminate Serum Watch
Music: Kaleo – Way Down We Go iTunes / Amazon
This hugely popular Boots TV ad for No7 Lift and Luminate triple action serum cleverly showed ballet dancer Alessandra Ferri dancing with a hologram of her young self. The song was Way Down We Go by Icelandic indie rock band Kaleo.
#2: Sky Q – Fluid Viewing Watch
Music: Sammy Davis Jr. – I’ve Gotta Be Me iTunes / Amazon
Number two on this list, and the most popular new TV ad music of 2016, saw Sky introduce its Sky Q next generation home entertainment system with Marvel’s Avengers fluidly moving through a home from one screen to another. The song is I’ve Gotta Be Me by Sammy Davis Jr, which was released as a single in 1968.
#1: Lloyds Bank – 250 Year Anniversary Watch
Music: Birdy – Wings (Acoustic) iTunes / Amazon
Here’s a thing: The number one most popular TV ad music of 2016 was also the number one in 2015. Easily the most popular ad in the 15-year history of this site, this Lloyds ad celebrated the bank’s 250th anniversary with an epic history-spanning “Horse Story”, featuring the iconic black horse. The much-downloaded soundtrack was an acoustic version of Wings by Birdy, a song from her 2013 album Fire Within.
***
Question:
What is the name of the sloth currently being used in TV adverts for Sofaworks?
Answer:
Neal (disambiguation)
Passage:
Capitals of Europe Quiz - Sporcle
Capitals of Europe Map Quiz
Enter the capital of Albania
Enter the capital of Andorra
Enter the capital of Austria
Enter the capital of Belarus
Enter the capital of Belgium
Enter the capital of Bosnia Herzegovina
Enter the capital of Bulgaria
Enter the capital of Croatia
Enter the capital of Cyprus
Enter the capital of Czechia
Enter the capital of Denmark
Enter the capital of Estonia
Enter the capital of Finland
Enter the capital of France
Enter the capital of Germany
Enter the capital of Greece
Enter the capital of Hungary
Enter the capital of Ireland
Enter the capital of Iceland
Enter the capital of Italy
Enter the capital of Latvia
Enter the capital of Liechtenstein
Enter the capital of Lithuania
Enter the capital of Luxembourg
Enter the capital of Macedonia
Enter the capital of Malta
Enter the capital of Moldova
Enter the capital of Monaco
Enter the capital of Montenegro
Enter the capital of Netherlands
Enter the capital of Norway
Enter the capital of Poland
Enter the capital of Portugal
Enter the capital of Romania
Enter the capital of Russia
Enter the capital of San Marino
Enter the capital of Serbia
Enter the capital of Slovakia
Enter the capital of Slovenia
Enter the capital of Spain
Enter the capital of Sweden
Enter the capital of Switzerland
Enter the capital of Turkey
Enter the capital of Ukraine
Enter the capital of United Kingdom
Enter the capital of Vatican City
Enter the capital of Kosovo
report this ad
Question:
Which is the easternmost capital city in the European Union?
Answer:
Lefkosha
Passage:
Ara Abrahamian
Ara Abrahamian (; born 27 July 1975 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union ) is an Armenian-Swedish wrestler in Greco-Roman wrestling. He has won two World Championships in the 76 kg and 84 kg weight classes and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the 84 kg weight class. 
He also won the bronze match at the 2008 Summer Olympics  and was awarded the medal, but his medal was rejected because of a controversial ruling in the semifinal. During the highly publicised medal ceremony, Abrahamian protested by placing the medal in the center of the mat and walking away. He was later disqualified by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and stripped of his rejected bronze medal for disrupting the award ceremony.  He was also banned from wrestling for two years by FILA, but the ban was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in March 2009.

Biography

Abrahamian began his wrestling career at the age of eight in Soviet Armenia. He became Armenian junior champion on three occasions. In 1994 he arrived in Stockholm, Sweden, to compete in the Stockholm Junior Open, which he won. He defected from the Armenian national team and joined the Swedish team in 1998.

Participation in the Olympics 

2000 Summer Olympics 

Abrahamian represented Sweden in Greco-Roman Wrestling in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the 69-76 kg weight category.

2004 Summer Olympics 

Abrahamian's participation in the 2004 Summer Olympics was planned to mark the end of his career, and he was determined to bring home the gold medal. After losing the prolonged final with Alexei Michine of Russia, Abrahamian wrote on his homepage: "The final ended 1-1. That means losing, in case you meet a Russian." 

2008 Summer Olympics

Semi final

Following a loss in the semi finals of the Greco-Roman 84 kg event at the 2008 Summer Olympics to the eventual winner Andrea Minguzzi of Italy, he and the Swedish coach Leo Mylläri disputed the judges' ruling. Mylläri accused the judges of corruption because they initially awarded Abrahamian a point, but after the round they assigned the point and the match to Minguzzi because Abrahamian had his hand in the blue zone. Normally, having a hand in the blue zone is not penalized. Minguzzi had almost his whole body in the blue zone earlier in this match. Therefore, the Swedes demanded a video review of the match, but the referees refused to review the recording of the incidents nor consider the written Swedish protest.

Medal ceremony

Abrahamian returned to the event to compete in the resulting bronze bout and won.  After he received his medal at the ceremony, he calmly shook the hand of the presenter and then the hand of the other bronze medal winner.  He then stepped off the podium and placed the medal in the center of the wrestling mat and left the ceremony. Abrahamian complained later about the corrupt judges and declared that he was retiring from the sport. Abrahamian says that the judges had been bribed, and reminded that the judge through marriage is related to Raphaël Martinetti, the President of FILA, the governing body of wrestling. 

IOC hearing

The International Olympic Committee held a "disciplinary hearing" on Abrahamian after the incident, where it was decided that Abrahamian would be disqualified and excluded from the Olympic Games due to "violating the spirit of fair play".  After the hearing, Abrahamian declared to a Swedish newspaper that the FILA representative stated after 1.5 hours into the hearing that he could not speak English, and he merely read some lines from a paper he had written in French. 

CAS hearing

The Court of Arbitration for Sport also held a hearing based on the request which was issued by Abrahamian and the Swedish Olympic Committee against the FILA. Preceding the hearing CAS declared in a statement that Abrahamian and the SOC "do not seek from the CAS any particular relief" regarding the ranking of the medals or a review of the IOC decision to exclude Abrahamian from the games. 

Following the CAS issued an arbitration  strongly criticizing FILA. Not challenging the outcome of the match and the technical judgments, the arbitration stated that the FILA is required to provide an appeal jury capable of dealing promptly with the claims of the athletes. Moreover, CAS, concluded that "In any event, FILA did not follow Article 22 properly, if at all, or provide any other appropriate appeal mechanism in this case."

The chairman of the Swedish Olympic Committee, Stefan Lindeberg, commented that the decision once and for all shows that FILA did not act correctly and that they did not follow their own rules of fair play.

In February 2009 CAS rejected an appeal requesting reinstatement of the bronze medal. 

FILA verdict

On November 6, 2008, FILA published the verdicts of their investigation, in which they suspended Abrahamian and coach Myllari for two years, and banned Sweden's wrestling federation from hosting international events for the same duration. Money fines were also issued to all three parties. In their statement FILA justified the verdict with Abrahamian's "scandalous behavior" and "serious lack of Olympic spirit". They also declared that "the coach has been judged equally guilty since he did not intervene to calm his wrestler" and that "the federation was responsible for the behavior of its members, the wrestler and the coach, which was reprehensible". They also stated that the decision by the judges in the disputed bout was made according to the rules.

Freed from ban

In March 2009 the Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned FILA's ban on Abrahamian. On August 27, 2009 it was revealed that Abrahamian was free to continue wrestling and that he would not be banned at all for his actions during the medal ceremony and that he does not have to pay any fine to FILA and there will be no obstacle for the Swedish wrestling organization to host tournaments in the future. 

Major achievements
Question:
Why was wrestler Ara Abrahamian of Sweden disqualified by the IOC and stripped of his rejected bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Answer:
Disrupting the award ceremony
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
What organ is foie gras made from?
Answer:
Impressio duodenalis
Passage:
Ossuary
An ossuary is a chest, box, building, well, or site made to serve as the final resting place of human skeletal remains. They are frequently used where burial space is scarce. A body is first buried in a temporary grave, then after some years the skeletal remains are removed and placed in an ossuary. The greatly reduced space taken up by an ossuary means that it is possible to store the remains of many more people in a single tomb than if the original coffins were left as is.

Persian 

In Persia, the Zoroastrians used a deep well for this function from the earliest times (c. 3,000 years ago) and called it astudan (literally, "the place for the bones"). There are many rituals and regulations in the Zoroastrian faith concerning the astudans.

Roman Catholic 

Many examples of ossuaries are found within Europe, including the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini in Rome, Italy; in south Italy the Martyrs of Otranto; the Fontanelle cemetery and Purgatorio ad Arco, Naples and many others; the San Bernardino alle Ossa in Milan, Italy; the Sedlec Ossuary in the Czech Republic; the Skull Chapel in Czermna in Lower Silesia, Poland; and Capela dos Ossos ("Chapel of Bones") in Évora, Portugal. The village of Wamba in the province of Valladolid, Spain, has an impressive ossuary of over a thousand skulls inside the local church, dating from between the 12th and 18th centuries. A more recent example is the Douaumont ossuary in France, which contains the remains of more than 130,000 French and German soldiers that fell at the Battle of Verdun during World War I. The Catacombs of Paris represents another famous ossuary.

The catacombs beneath the Monastery of San Francisco in Lima, Peru, also contains an ossuary.

Eastern Orthodox

The use of ossuaries is a longstanding tradition in the Orthodox Church. The remains of an Orthodox Christian are treated with special reverence, in conformity with the biblical teaching that the body of a believer is a "temple of the Holy Spirit" (, etc.), having been sanctified and transfigured by Baptism, Holy Communion and the participation in the mystical life of the Church.  In Orthodox monasteries, when one of the brethren dies, his remains are buried (for details, see Christian burial) for one to three years, and then disinterred, cleaned and gathered into the monastery's charnel house. If there is reason to believe that the departed is a saint, the remains may be placed in a reliquary; otherwise the bones are usually mingled together (skulls together in one place, long bones in another, etc.). The remains of an abbot may be placed in a separate ossuary made out of wood or metal.

The use of ossuaries is also found among the laity in the Greek Orthodox Church. The departed will be buried for one to three years and then, often on the anniversary of death, the family will gather with the parish priest and celebrate a parastas (memorial service), after which the remains are disinterred, washed with wine, perfumed, and placed in a small ossuary of wood or metal, inscribed with the name of the departed, and placed in a room, often in or near the church, which is dedicated to this purpose.

Jewish

During the time of the Second Temple, Jewish burial customs included primary burials in burial caves, followed by secondary burials in ossuaries placed in smaller niches of the burial caves. Some of the limestone ossuaries that have been discovered, particularly around the Jerusalem area, include intricate geometrical patterns and inscriptions identifying the deceased. Among the best-known Jewish ossuaries of this period are: an ossuary inscribed 'Simon the Temple builder' in the collection of the Israel Museum, another inscribed 'Elisheba wife of Tarfon', one inscribed 'Yehohanan ben Hagkol' that contained an iron nail in a heel bone suggesting crucifixion, another inscribed 'James son of Joseph, brother of Jesus', the authenticity of which is opposed by some and strongly supported by others, and ten ossuaries recovered from the Talpiot Tomb in 1980, several of which are reported to have names from the New Testament.

During the Second Temple period, Jewish sages debated whether the occasion of the gathering of a parent's bones for a secondary burial was a day of sorrow or rejoicing; it was resolved that it was a day of fasting in the morning and feasting in the afternoon. The custom of secondary burial in ossuaries did not persist among Jews past the Second Temple period nor appear to exist among Jews outside the land of Israel.
Question:
What is the name for a site serving as the final resting place of human skeletal remains, which is frequently used where burial space is scarce?
Answer:
Ossory (building)
Passage:
Brassard
A brassard or armlet is an armband or piece of cloth or other material worn around the upper arm; the term typically refers to an item of uniform worn as part of military uniform or by police or other uniformed persons. Unit, role or rank badges or other insignia are carried on it instead of being stitched into the actual clothing. The brassard, when spread out, may be roughly rectangular in shape, where it is worn merely around the arm; it may also be a roughly triangular shape, in which case the brassard is also attached to a shoulder strap.  The term is originally French, deriving from bras meaning "arm". 

Brassards are also used with the uniforms of organizations which are not military but which are influenced by and styled upon the military, such as police, emergency services, volunteer services, or militaristic societies and political parties.
 
A brassard is often used:
* to temporarily attach insignia, such as rank, to clothing not normally bearing insignia (such as civilian clothing or a military mechanic's coveralls);
* to temporarily attach insignia to a uniform for a limited time, such as the insignia for an "officer of the day" or "duty officer"; or for uniforms expected to have a high turnover of either wearer or insignia borne, such as those of cadets or other youth organizations. Brassards worn by military police and Red Cross personnel fall under this category.

Brassard (also "brassart" or "brasset") is also used to refer to pieces of armour worn to cover the entire arm (encompassing vambrace, rerebrace, and possibly a couter).
Question:
On which part of the body would a piece of armour called a brassard be worn?
Answer:
Human arm
Passage:
Table of Elements in Greek and Latin (Rome) Language.
Table of Elements in Greek and Latin (Rome) Language.
Sidebar
Periodic Table of Elements
The Greek language and Greek myth have contributed greatly to the sciences, including chemistry. This is most apparent in the Periodic Table of Elements. A table of the elements with mythological influences, or at least have the Greek language to thank for their names, is below. For kicks, I have included the Latin (Roman) terms also. (Please note: this is not the complete table of elements, only those with Greek or Latin influences.)
Actinium
From the Greek wordaktinos (ray)
Aluminum
From the Latin wordalumen, or"bitter".
Antimony
From the Greek words anti (opposed) and monos (solitude)
Argon
From the Greek wordargon (inactive)
Arsenic
From the Greek wordarsenikos and the Latin wordarsenicum, meaning "yellow orpiment".
Astatine
From the Greek wordastatos (unstable)
Barium
From the Greek wordbarys (heavy)
Bromine
From the Greek wordbrômos (stench)
Cadmium
Symbol: Cd
Atomic Number: 48
From the Greek wordkadmeia (ancient name for calamine) and from the Latin word cadmia.Cadmus, in Greek myth, was the founder of Thebes.
Calcium
From the latin wordcalcis (lime)
Carbon
Ceres (asteroid), and the Roman version of Demeter, the goddess of agriculture.
Cesium
From the Latin wordcaesius (sky blue)
Chlorine
From the Greek wordkhlôros (green)
Chromium
From the Greek wordchrôma (color)
Copper
From the Latin wordcyprium, after the island of Cyprus and birthplace of Aphrodite.
Dysprosium
From the Greek worddysprositos (hard to get at).
Fluorine
From the Latin wordfluo (flow)
Gold
From the Latin wordaurum (gold). In Roman mythology, Aurora was the goddess of dawn--golden indeed.
Helium
From the Greek wordhêlios (sun); Helios in Greek mythology was the god of the Sun.
Hydrogen
Symbol: H
Atomic Number: 1
From the Greek words hudôr (water) and gennan(generate). Heracles fought the Hydra of Lerna (a sea town) for his second labor.
Iodine
From the Greek wordiôdes (violet).
Iridium
Symbol: Ir
Atomic Number: 77
From the Latin wordiridis (rainbow). The Greeks had a messenger goddess, Iris, whose colorful cape flowed behind her.
Iron
From the Latin wordferrum (iron)
Krypton
Symbol: Kr
Atomic Number: 36
From the Greek wordkryptos (hidden). In modern language, words such as "encrypt" can be discerned from the Greek.
Lanthanum
From the Greek wordlanthaneis (to lie hidden).
Lead
Symbol: Pb
Atomic Number: 82
Name Origin: From the Greek word protos (first). Some Greeks believd that the first god ever was Protogonus, or "first born".
Symbol Origin: From the Latin wordplumbum (lead)
Lithium
From the Greek wordlithos (stone)
Manganese
From the Latin wordmangnes (magnet)
Molybdenum
From the Greek word molubdos (lead)
Neodymium
Symbol: Nd
Atomic Number: 60
From the Greek words neos (new) anddidymos (twin). Twins appear regularly in Greek myth, from the Dioscuri (Castor & Polydeuces) to the divine twins (Artemis & Apollo).
Neon
Form the Greek word neos (new)
Neptunium
After the planet Neptune, the Roman sea god, identified as Poseidon in Greek myth.
Niobium
Symbol: Nb
Atomic Number: 41
After Niobe, daughter of mythical king (Tantalus). She had bragged about her set of seven girls and seven boys, scoffing at Leto for only having two children. Apollo and Artemis promptly killed her offspring. Niobe, in despair, was turned to stone by the gods.
Osmium
From the Greek word osmë (odor)
Oxygen
From the Greek words oxus (acid) andgennan (generate)
Palladium
From the Greek goddess (Pallas) and after an asteroid
Phosphorous
Symbol: P
Atomic Number: 15
From the Greek words phôs (light) andphoros (bearer), Phosphoros was a god of light in Greek myth.
Plutonium
After the planet Pluto and the Latin god of the Underworld (Hades in Greek).
Potassium
Symbol Origin: From the Latin word kalium
Praseodymium
From the Greek words prasios (green) anddidymos (twin)
Promethium
From the Titan Prometheus who stole fire of the sky and gave it to man.
Protactinium
From the Greek word protos (first) [see name origin for lead].
Radium
From the Latin word radius (ray)
Rhodium
From the Greek word rhodon (rose)
Rubidium
From the Latin word rubidus (red)
Ruthenium
From the Latin word Ruthenia (Russia)
Selenium
From the Greek word Selênê, known as the goddess of the moon.
Sodium
Symbol Origin: From the Latin wordnatrium (sodium)
Silicon
From the Latin word silex (flint)
Sulfur
From the Latin word sulfur (brimstone)
Tantalum
Symbol: Ta
Atomic Number: 73
After king Tantalus, a son of Zeus who earned the disfavor of the gods for attempting to serve his son Pelops as a meal. He was condemned to the Underworld with eternal thirst and hunger though a river and fruit tree were just beyond his grasp.
Technetium
From the Greek word technêtos (artificial)
Tellurium
From the Greek word tellus (Earth)
Thallium
From the Greek word thallos (young shoot)
Tin
Symbol Origin: From the Latin wordstannum (tin)
Titanium
From the Greek word titanos (Titans). The Titans were the "original" gods before the Olympians.
Uranium
Symbol: U
Atomic Number: 92
After the planet Uranus, the original sky god who was the son and spouse of Gaia, or Mother Earth.
Xenon
Question:
Which chemical element (atomic number 36)'derives its name from the Greek meaning hidden?
Answer:
Krypton
Passage:
George Hepplewhite
George Hepplewhite (1727? – June 21, 1786) was a cabinetmaker.  He is regarded as having been one of the "big three" English furniture makers of the 18th century, along with Thomas Sheraton and Thomas Chippendale. There are no pieces of furniture made by Hepplewhite or his firm known to exist but he gave his name to a distinctive style of light, elegant furniture that was fashionable between about 1775 and 1800 and reproductions of his designs continued through the following centuries. One characteristic that is seen in many of his designs is a shield-shaped chair back, where an expansive shield appeared in place of a narrower splat design.

Life and work 

Very little is known about Hepplewhite himself. Some established sources list no birth information; however a "George Hepplewhite" was born in 1727

    "America's First Lady and the Roddams of North West Durham"
    (family history for Hillary Rodham Clinton),
    Geoff Nicholson, webpage:
    [http://www.users.on.net/~ntrod/surnames_Hroddom.htm Unet-HRoddom].

in Ryton, County Durham, England.  According to some sources, he served his apprenticeship with Gillows in Lancaster,  but the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography is sceptical about this. 
It is known that he based himself in London, where he opened a shop. After he died in 1786, the business was continued by his widow, Alice. In 1788 she published a book with about 300 of his designs, The Cabinet Maker and Upholsterers Guide, with two further editions published in 1789 and 1790.

Many are quick to praise the designer George Hepplewhite, but there are inconsistencies to his fame. The published guide books that claim George Hepplewhite as their author were released after his death by his widow. It was not until years after his death that his designs started to receive recognition. Little is known about the man George Hepplewhite, and only his death certificate seems to offer any hard evidence of his existence. The question arises whether “George Hepplewhite” was a real person or just a name for Alice Hepplewhite to publish under.

With contemporaries such as Thomas Chippendale producing pieces in a variety of styles, Hepplewhite’s famed style is more easily identifiable. Hepplewhite produced designs that were slender, more curvilinear in shape and well balanced. There are some characteristics that hint at a Hepplewhite design, such as shorter more curved chair arms, straight legs, shield-shape chair backs, all without carving. The design would receive ornamentation from paint and inlays used on the piece.

The book influenced cabinet makers and furniture companies for several generations. The work of these generations influenced in turn copies of the original designs and variants of them through the 19th and 20th centuries.

Gallery 

File:Hepplewhite's Guide 1787.jpg|Page from Hepplewhite's style guide, published in 1787
File:Hepplewhite Chairs.jpg|Mahogany chairs in the Hepplewhite style, made circa 1790
File:Hepplewhite-style Mahogany Dining Chair.jpg|Mahogany dining chair in the Hepplewhite style, made circa 1790
File:Hepplewhite-style Mahogany Elbow Chair.jpg|Mahogany elbow chair in the Hepplewhite style, made circa 1790
File:Hepplewhite_shield-shaped_dining_chair_in_'country_house'_condition,_May_2014.jpg|Hepplewhite shield-shaped dining chair in 'country house' condition, (Hampshire, UK, May 2014)
Question:
George Heppelwhite is famous for making what in the 18th century?
Answer:
Furniture industry
Passage:
Old Navy
Old Navy (stylized as OLD NAVY) is an American clothing and accessories retailer owned by American multinational corporation Gap Inc.  It has corporate operations in the Mission Bay neighborhood of San Francisco, California. The largest of the Old Navy stores are its flagship stores, located in New York City, the Mall of America, Seattle, Chicago, and San Francisco.

History

In the early 1990s, Target Corporation looked to establish a new division, branded as a less expensive version of Gap; Drexler responded by opening Gap Warehouse in existing Gap outlet locations in 1993. 

In March 1994, Gap Warehouse was renamed Old Navy Clothing Co. in order to establish a separate image from its parent.  The new stores were about , compared less than  for Gap Warehouse stores. On March 11, 1994, the first Old Navy locations opened in the northern California towns of Colma, San Leandro and Pittsburg  According to Kevin Lonergan, Gap's director of stores, Old Navy stores were intentionally designed like grocery stores, with flowing aisles, shopping carts, and small impulse items near the checkout counters."[http://infoweb.newsbank.com.dclibrary.idm.oclc.org/iw-search/we/InfoWeb?p_product
AWNB&p_themeaggregated5&p_action
doc&p_docid0EB4F5C2604DD423&p_docnum
48&p_queryname3 Gap Makes Commitment To New Discount Chain - 3 'Old Navy Clothing Co.' stores will open today]". The San Francisco Chronicle. March 11, 1994. p. B1. The cement floor, metal shelving, and checkout counters built from polished pressed board and galvanized metal gave the stores an industrial warehouse feel, while the colorful arrangements and large number of employees working set it apart from other discount clothing stores.  Later that year, 42 other Old Navy stores opened, and most of the 45 Gap Warehouse stores were renamed Old Navy.Power, Gavin. "[http://infoweb.newsbank.com.dclibrary.idm.oclc.org/iw-search/we/InfoWeb?p_product
AWNB&p_themeaggregated5&p_action
doc&p_docid0EB4F5BF10AE3D73&p_docnum
38&p_queryname=3 Gap Posts Best Sales, Earnings]". The Sane Francisco Chronicle. March 4, 1994. p. E1. 

Old Navy had campy television ads featuring Morgan Fairchild and its mascot, Magic the dog. 

The Old Navy division grew quickly; in 1997, it became the first retailer to pass $1 billion in its first four years in business, and opened 500 stores by 2000. In 2001, Old Navy began its international expansion with the opening of 12 stores in Ontario, Canada.

The brand also experimented, opening a coffee shop inside one location in San Francisco in December 1995,  and opening an Old Navy Kids location in Littleton, Colorado, in April 1997. 

 
In 2005, Old Navy's then-president Dawn Robertson looked to address the competition she saw in Hollister Co. and American Eagle Outfitters by rebranding the division with a "high fashion feel". In addition to a new logo, several locations were built or remodeled to reflect the "New Old Navy.";  one such location in St. Petersburg, Florida cost roughly $5 million to develop. Unlike the traditional industrial warehouse style most Old Navy locations possess, the new stores were boutique in nature, featuring green building materials, rock gardens, large murals and posters, as well as many mirrored and silver accents. Also, advertisements began to be created in-house, and substituted the original kitschy and humorous feel for a high fashion and feminine directive.  These stores proved to be a disappointing investment and Robertson was asked to leave the company. 

In 2011, Old Navy began a second rebranding to emphasize a family-oriented environment, known as Project ONE. It targets Old Navy's target customer (the fictional "Jenny", a married mother of at least one child) and features better lighting, vibrant colors, layouts that make shopping easier, quick-change stations, and a more efficient cash wrap design. By July 12, one third of the company's North American locations had adopted the redesign. 

In 2012, after several years of Old Navy losing sales to rival retailer H&M, Gap Inc. hired away H&M executive Stefan Larsson to run its Old Navy division. Larsson instituted a number of changes, including hiring designers away from Coach, Nike, Reebok, and North Face to design exclusive Old Navy clothing. By 2015, Old Navy's yearly sales had reached $6 billion per year in the United States, almost equaling those of Gap's Gap and Banana Republic divisions combined.  

Concept 

Flagship stores also have "collection" business clothes for women, and maternity sections.  Previously, Old Navy attempted to launch a bath and body line, called ONbody (Obsessively Natural).   Old Navy is known for their signature denim wall of styles that never change.  The styles are super skinny, skinny, original, and boot-cut, and are available in four different washes.

Most stores are separated into seven different sections: women's, men's, girl's, toddler girl's, boy's, toddler boy's, and baby.

Awards

* In 2013, Gap Inc. ranked 5th among specialty retailers in the list of World's Most Admired.  
* Members of Business for Innovative Climate and Energy Policy (BICEP)  

Controversy

In December of 2015, Old Navy released a series of T-shirts for toddlers with the words "Young Aspiring Artist" on it, but with "artist" crossed out and replaced with either "astronaut" or "president". The T-shirt's message angered artists and art enthusiasts,  which created the hashtag #ArtIsACareerToo on Twitter. 

An Old Navy representative has stated that the stores will be pulling the shirts from its shelves as a result of the controversy.

"At Old Navy we take our responsibility to our customers seriously. We would never intentionally offend anyone, and we are sorry if that has been the case. Our toddler tees come in a variety of designs including tees that feature ballerinas, unicorns, trucks and dinosaurs and include phrases like, “Free Spirit.” They are meant to appeal to a wide range of aspirations. With this particular tee, as a result of customer feedback, we have decided to discontinue the design and will work to remove the item from our stores."

The shirts are no longer available on the English website. However, the shirts are still available to buy on the official Chinese website.
Question:
What company owns Old Navy and Banana Republic?
Answer:
The Gap (album)
Passage:
Lateral sulcus
The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain.

Anatomy

The lateral sulcus divides both the frontal lobe and parietal lobe above from the temporal lobe below.  It is in both hemispheres of the brain but is longer in the left hemisphere in most people. The lateral sulcus is one of the earliest-developing sulci of the human brain. It first appears around the fourteenth gestational week. 

The lateral sulcus has a number of side branches. Two of the most prominent and most regularly found are the ascending (also called vertical) ramus and the horizontal ramus of the lateral fissure, which subdivide the inferior frontal gyrus. The lateral sulcus also contains the transverse temporal gyri, which are part of the primary and below the surface auditory cortex.

Partly due to a phenomenon called Yakovlevian torque, the lateral sulcus is often longer and less curved on the left hemisphere than on the right.

It is also located near Sylvian Point.

The area lying around the Sylvian fissure is often referred to as the perisylvian cortex. 

The human secondary somatosensory cortex (S2, SII) is a functionally-defined region of cortex in the parietal operculum on the ceiling of the lateral sulcus.

Discovery

The cerebral cortex was not depicted in a realistic manner until the 17th century with the Sylvian fissure being first accurately painted  by Girolamo Fabrici d'Acquapendente in 1600 to provide plates for his Tabulae Pictae.   

Its first description is traditionally taken to be in 1641 by  Caspar Bartholin who attributed its discovery to Franciscus Sylvius (1614–1672), professor of medicine at Leiden University his  book Casp. Bartolini Institutiones Anatomicae where it is noted that "F.S. [F.S. probably refers to Franciscus Sylvius] If you examine the indentations which are represented in Figure 5 quite attentively, you will notice that they are very deep and that the brain is divided from one side to the other by the “anfractuosa fissura,” which starts in the front part near the ocular roots, and from there moves backwards above the base of the spinal cord, following the temporal bones, and it divides the upper part of the brain from the lower."

It has been suggested that since Caspar Bartholin died in 1629 and Franciscus Sylvius only started medicine in 1632 that these words are either by his son Thomas Bartholin or Franciscus Sylvius. In 1663 in his Disputationem Medicarum, Franciscus Sylvius described the lateral fissure: "Particularly noticeable is the deep fissure or hiatus which begins at the roots of the eyes (oculorum radices) . . . it runs posteriorly above the temples as far as the roots of the brain stem (medulla radices). . . . It divides the cerebrum into an upper, larger part and a lower, smaller part".

Additional images
Question:
The Sylvian Fissure is found in which organ of the human body?
Answer:
Brain cell
Passage:
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles is a children's novel written by Julie Edwards, the married name of singer and actress Dame Julie Andrews.  More recent editions credit the book to "Julie Andrews Edwards".

Plot summary

Three siblings, Ben, Tom, and Melinda Potter (better known as Lindy), meet Professor Savant while visiting the zoo one rainy day.  On Halloween, Lindy dared to knock on the spookiest house on the block, which happens to belong to the Professor, and the three become more acquainted with him. After a second meeting, they begin spending time at the Professor's house, where he introduces them to games of concentration and observation. He reveals that there is a magic land called Whangdoodleland that can only be reached through the imagination, and that he is training them to accompany him there. 

Whangdoodleland is the home of the last Whangdoodle that lived in the world.  Once the Whangdoodle, and other creatures that are now considered imaginary, lived in our world.  However, fearing that people were losing their imaginations in the pursuit of power and greed, the Whangdoodle created a magic and peaceful world over which he reigns. The professor and the children explore this world.

Each time the children return, they venture farther and farther into Whangdoodleland, intending to reach the palace where the Last Whangdoodle resides.  However, the Whangdoodle's Prime Minister, the "Oily Prock", does not want them to disturb His Highness, and sets up a number of traps, both in Whangdoodleland and the real world to prevent this meeting.  He enlists the marvelous and funny creatures of the land in his effort, including the High Behind Splintercat, the Sidewinders, the Oinck, the Gazooks, the Tree Squeaks, and the Swamp Gaboons.  The children use their imaginations, intelligence, and the friendship of another denizen, the Whiffle Bird, to outwit the traps.

The kids at last meet the last Whangdoodle. It turns out he wants a female Whangdoodle to be his queen, so he won't be lonely, and Professor Savant's knowledge and talents have the ability to grant the Whangdoodle just that. That is, if the Professor can figure out exactly how to do it.
Question:
The Last Of The Really Great Whangdoodles and Mandy are children's books written by what well-known Oscar-winning actress?
Answer:
Julia Elizabeth Wells
Passage:
Anatolijs Gorbunovs
Anatolijs Gorbunovs, also formerly known as Anatoly Valeryanovich Gorbunov ()  (born February 10, 1942 in Pilda parish, Ludza municipality, Latvia), is a Latvian politician who served as the Chairman of the Supreme Soviet during the final years of the Soviet regime in Latvia and as Chairman of the Supreme Council of Latvia during the first years after the country regained its independence. In the latter capacity he was effectively the acting head of state before the election of the Fifth Saeima in 1993. He continued to serve as the Speaker of the Saeima until 1995.

From 1974 to 1988, he held various positions in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in the Latvian SSR, with his highest position being the Secretary of the Central Committee. Unlike most Communist Party members in Latvia, Gorbunovs supported the Latvian independence movement. From 1988 to 1990 he was also Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. From 1989 through 1995, he was speaker of the Latvian parliament. During this period, Latvian independence was restored de facto in 1991.  As speaker of the parliament, Gorbunovs was acting State President per the 1922 Constitution until 1993, when Guntis Ulmanis was elected president.

Gorbunovs joined the Latvian Way party in 1993 and remained Speaker of the Saeima until 1995 and a member of parliament until 2002. Between 1995 and 2002, he served as Minister of Regional Development, Minister of Transportation and Deputy Prime Minister.

In 1995 Gorbunovs was awarded the Order of the Three Stars.
Question:
Anatolijs Gorbunovs became the first President of which former Soviet state in 1990?
Answer:
Latvijas Republika
Passage:
Golden Hind
Golden Hind was an English galleon best known for her circumnavigation of the globe between 1577 and 1580, captained by Sir Francis Drake. She was originally known as Pelican, but was renamed by Drake mid-voyage in 1578, in honour of his patron, Sir Christopher Hatton, whose crest was a golden 'hind' (a female deer). Hatton was one of the principal sponsors of Drake's world voyage.

History 

In 1577, Queen Elizabeth chose Sir Francis Drake as the leader of an expedition intended to pass around South America through the Strait of Magellan and to explore the coast that lay beyond. The queen's support was advantageous; Drake had official approval to benefit himself and the queen as well as to cause the maximum damage to the Spaniards. This would eventually culminate in the Anglo–Spanish War. Before setting sail, Drake met the queen face-to-face for the first time and she said to him, "We would gladly be revenged on the King of Spain for divers injuries that we have received." 
The explicit object was to "find out places meet to have traffic." Drake, however, acted as a privateer, with unofficial support from Queen Elizabeth. 

He set sail in December 1577 with five small ships, manned by 164 men, and reached the Brazilian coast in the spring of 1578. Drake's flagship, Pelican, which he renamed Golden Hinde, displaced only about 100 tons. 

On 1 March 1579, now in the Pacific Ocean, off the coast of Ecuador, Golden Hind challenged and captured the Spanish galleon . This galleon had the largest treasure captured to that date: over 360,000 pesos. 
The six tons of treasure took six days to transship. 

On 26 September 1580, Francis Drake sailed his ship into Plymouth Harbour with only 56 of the original crew of 80 left aboard. 
Despite his piratical conduct on his voyages, Queen Elizabeth I herself went aboard Golden Hind, which was lying at Deptford in the Thames Estuary, and personally bestowed a knighthood on him; 
her share of the treasure came to almost £160,000: "enough to pay off her entire foreign debt and still have £40,000 left over to invest in a new trading company for the Levant. Her return and that of other investors came to £47 for every £1 invested, or a total return of 4,700%." 

After Drake's circumnavigation, Golden Hind was maintained for public exhibition in Deptford. This is the earliest known example of a ship being maintained for public display because of her historic significance. Golden Hind remained there for nearly 100 years before she eventually rotted away and was finally broken up.

A table, known as the cupboard (pronounced "cup-board"), in the Middle Temple Hall (in London) is reputed to have been made from the wood of Golden Hind, as is a chair in the Great Hall, Buckland Abbey, Devon. Upon the cupboard is placed the roll of members of Middle Temple, which new members sign when they are called to the Bar.  The ship's lantern also hangs in the vestibule of Middle Temple Hall.

The Pelican Inn in Gloucester is just outside the Cathedral precinct and opposite the ruins of St Oswald’s Priory. It appears in licensing records by 1679 and claims to be constructed using timbers from the Golden Hind.

Replicas 

Replica in Essex

A replica of Golden Hind was constructed at Peter Pan's Playground (now Adventure Island (amusement park)), Southend-on-Sea, Essex. It was constructed from 1947 and opened in 1949 together with a waxworks. Popular at first but by 1992 attendances had dropped, rising maintenance costs together with the need for major renovation to the wooden structure caused its closure in 1997. The ship was replaced by a replica of Blackbeard's Queen Anne's Revenge. This ship was demolished in 2013. 

Replicas in Devon

A replica of Golden Hind has been permanently moored in the harbour of the sea port of Brixham in Devon () since 1963 following its use in the TV series Sir Francis Drake which was filmed in and around the bays of Torbay and Dartmouth. The replica ship used in the TV series cost £25,000 to construct and had no gallery.  The ship was destroyed in a storm in 1987, after which it was towed to Dartmouth and scrapped, and replaced with the current replica with a gallery. 

Oceangoing replica

A full-size replica of the ship, called Golden Hinde, was built by traditional handcraft in Appledore, North Devon, and was launched in 1973. Since then she has travelled more than 140,000 miles (225,000 km). She sailed from Plymouth on her maiden voyage in late 1974, arriving on May 8, 1975   in  San Francisco.  Between 1981 and 1984, she was berthed in England and was established as an educational museum, but in 1984–1985 she sailed around the British Isles and then crossed the Atlantic to the Caribbean. In 1986, she passed through the Panama Canal to sail on to Vancouver. In 1987, she began a tour of the US Pacific coast. In 1988, she passed back through the Panama Canal to visit Texas. In 1992 she returned home to tour the British Isles again. Since 1996 she has been berthed at St Mary Overie Dock, in Bankside, Southwark, London where she hosts visits from schools.
Question:
Drakes ship the Golden Hind(e) was originally called what?
Answer:
The Pelican
Passage:
Susan Boyle splits from pet cat Pebbles - Mirror Online
Susan Boyle splits from pet cat Pebbles - Mirror Online
Celebs
Susan Boyle splits from pet cat Pebbles
It's the most sensational showbiz break-up of the year – Susan Boyle and her cat are no longer an item.
 Share
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
It's the most sensational showbiz break-up of the year – Susan Boyle and her cat are no longer an item.
Cuddly Pebbles was once SuBo’s constant companion.
But since the Scots singer shot to stardom on Britain’s Got Talent, her 11-year-old pedigree Turkish swimming cat has been living with a pensioner in a quiet suburban flat.
Jet-set Susan, 48, has only seen her beloved pet three times since last July. And Pebbles was so spooked by her most recent visit last week, she hid beneath a wardrobe.
We traced Pebbles to her new home in Wanstead, East London, where she now lives with retired accountant Pamela Eaton-Browne.
Pam, 76, was asked to take her in by neighbour Alex Kadis, who works with Simon Cowell and is part of Susan’s management team.
Pam, who has two other cats, is paid £4 a day to cater for Pebbles’ expensive tastes, including chicken and fish.
She said: “I thought it would just be for a couple of weeks – but that was in July. The last time Susan came round Pebbles shot under a wardrobe and didn’t want to know.”
A spokesman for Subo, 48, confirmed the star and Pebbles are living apart.
Like us on Facebook
Most Read
Most Recent
Most Read
Most Recent
Question:
What is the name of Susan Boyle's cat?
Answer:
Pebbles
Passage:
Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee
Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee or Jamaica Blue Mountain Coffee is a classification of coffee grown in the Blue Mountains of Jamaica. The best lots of Blue Mountain coffee are noted for their mild flavour and lack of bitterness. Over the past few decades, this coffee has developed a reputation that has made it one of the most expensive and sought-after coffees in the world. Over 80% of all Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee is exported to Japan.[http://www.jamaicaemb.jp/trade/index.html Embassy of Jamaica - Tokyo] In addition to its use for brewed coffee, the beans are the flavor base of Tia Maria coffee liqueur.

Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee is a globally protected certification mark, meaning only coffee certified by the Coffee Industry Board of Jamaica can be labeled as such. It comes from a recognised growing region in the Blue Mountain region of Jamaica, and its cultivation is monitored by the Coffee Industry Board of Jamaica.

The Blue Mountains are generally located between Kingston to the south and Port Antonio to the north. Rising to 2256 m, they are some of the highest mountains in the Caribbean. The climate of the region is cool and misty with high rainfall. The soil is rich, with excellent drainage. This combination of climate and soil is considered ideal for coffee.

The Coffee Industry Regulation Act

The Coffee Industry Regulation Act specifies what coffee may use the Blue Mountain label. Additionally, it restricts the use of the Blue Mountain trademark to those authorized by the Coffee Industry Board. Broadly speaking, coffee harvested from the parishes of Saint Andrew, Saint Thomas, Portland and Saint Mary may be considered Blue Mountain coffee. 

Traditionally, only coffee grown at elevations between 3000 ft and 5500 ft could be called Jamaica Blue Mountain.  Coffee grown at elevations between 1500 ft and 3000 ft is called Jamaica High Mountain, and coffee grown below 1500 ft elevation is called Jamaica Supreme or Jamaica Low Mountain. (All land in Jamaica above 5500 ft is a forest preserve, so no coffee is grown there.) 

Classifications of Blue Mountain Coffee

As with most other varieties of coffee, there are several grades assigned to different lots, based on factors such as size, appearance, and defects allowed.
Question:
From which country do Blue Mountain coffee beans come?
Answer:
Jamica
Passage:
New Spitalfields Market
New Spitalfields Market is located in a 31 acre site in Leyton, London Borough of Waltham Forest in east London which opened in 1991. It is Europe's leading horticultural market specialising in exotic fruit and vegetables.

The market hall houses 115 trading units for wholesalers dealing in fruit, vegetables and flowers. Modern facilities in the market hall include cold storage rooms, ripening rooms and racking for palletised produce. The site has extensive parking facilities for customers, delivery vehicles and market personnel. 

There are four separate buildings providing modern self-contained units for catering supply companies. Over 9688 sqft of office space is also provided, and there are five ancillary accommodation units with cafes, toilets and maintenance facilities. The services of a diesel/propane supplier, specialist pallet services and fork lift truck maintenance companies are also available. Security for the market is provided by the Market Constabulary. 

The market had previously been centrally located at Spitalfields Market just off Bishopsgate, on the east side of the City of London.

The Old River Lea runs on the western edge of the site.
Question:
The New Spitalfields Market in Leyton, East London, deals in what?
Answer:
Fruit, vegetables and flowers
Passage:
Pâté de Foie Gras (short story)
Pâté de Foie Gras is a 1956 science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov published by Astounding Science Fiction.

Like the classic The Endochronic Properties of Resublimated Thiotimoline, Pâté de Foie Gras is a scientific spoof article.  In the story, a Department of Agriculture employee tells of the discovery on a farm in Texas of a goose that actually lays golden eggs and of the attempts to solve its mystery.

Plot 

The story describes how scientists tried to solve the mystery and ends with a dilemma: in order to discover how the goose is doing all this, it will be necessary to dissect it; but there is only one goose.  Since the goose's eggs contain a lot of gold, it cannot reproduce due to a heavy-metal poisoning.  The narrator decides to contact Asimov and have him write up the story, soliciting the readers of Astounding for ideas.

Solution 

In a commentary on the story, Asimov wrote that it was his intention for there to be a single solution discoverable by the reader.  The hint dropped in the story is the description of an experiment in which the goose's gold production goes up when it is given water enriched with oxygen-18, which would indicate a possible source of the gold produced.  This was expected to imply that if the goose is maintained in a closed environment, it will convert all the oxygen-18 to gold, while still being able to  breathe the predominant oxygen nuclide (oxygen-16).  It will excrete all the gold in its eggs, at which point it can be expected to start producing fertile eggs.

Print history

It was first published in the September 1956 issue of Astounding Science Fiction.  It appeared in Asimov's 1957 science essay collection Only a Trillion, in his 1968 short story collection Asimov's Mysteries, and in The Complete Stories, Vol. 2. It also appeared in the anthology Where Do We Go from Here? edited by Asimov and in The Edge of Tomorrow.
Question:
From which creature do we get pate de foie gras
Answer:
Geese
Passage:
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda
St. John's is the capital and largest city of Antigua and Barbuda, a country located in the West Indies in the Caribbean Sea. With a population of 81,799,  St. John's is the commercial centre of the nation and the chief port of the island of Antigua.

History

The settlement of St. John's has been the administrative centre of Antigua and Barbuda since the islands were first colonised in 1632, and it became the seat of government when the nation achieved independence in 1981. Saint John is also the capital of Antigua.

Economy

St. John's is one of the most developed and cosmopolitan municipalities in the Lesser Antilles. The city is famous for its various shopping malls as well as boutiques throughout the city, selling designer jewellery and haute-couture clothing. There are also many independent, locally run establishments, selling a variety of fashions.

St. John's attracts tourists from the many exclusive resorts on the island and from the cruise ships which dock in its harbour at Heritage Quay and Redcliffe Quay several times a week.

The investment banking industry has a strong presence in the city. Many major world financial institutions have offices in St. John's.

There is a market on the southwestern edge of the city where fresh produce, meats, and fresh fish are sold daily.

The Antigua Rum Distillery is located at the Citadel and is the only rum distillery on the island. Annual production yields more than 180,000 gallons bottled.

Demographics

The majority of the population of St. John's reflects that of the rest of Antigua: people of African and mixed European-African ancestry, with a European minority, including British and Portuguese. There is also a population of Levantine Christian Arabs.

Government

The Eastern Caribbean Civil Aviation Authority has its headquarters on Factory Road in St. John's. 

Culture

Several museums, including the Museum of Antigua and Barbuda and the Museum of Marine Art, a small facility containing fossilised bedrock, volcanic stones, petrified wood, a collection of more than 10,000 shells, and artefacts from several English shipwrecks.

Just east of St. John's is the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, a multi-use stadium in North Sound, that was created mostly for cricket matches, and has hosted the matches during the 2007 Cricket World Cup. The Antigua Recreation Ground, Antigua and Barbuda's national stadium, is located in St. John's.

Geography

Nearby villages and settlements include St. Johnston.

Main sights

The city's skyline is dominated by the white baroque towers of St. John's Cathedral.

The Botanical Garden is near the intersection of Factory Road and Independence Avenue. This small park's shaded benches and gazebo provide a quiet refuge from the bustle of activity of St. John's.

St. John's Antigua Light is a lighthouse located in the city's harbour ().

Fort James stands at the entrance to St. John's harbour. Other nearby forts include Fort George, Fort Charles, Fort Shirley, Fort Berkeley and Fort Barrington.

Transportation

St. John's is served by the V. C. Bird International Airport.

Education

St. John's is home to two medical schools called American University of Antigua and University of Health Sciences Antigua. Secondary schools include Christ the King High School, Princess Margaret School and the Antigua Girls High School.

Climate
Question:
Which famous.cricket player was born on 7th March 1952 in St Johns, Antigua?
Answer:
Sir Vivian Richards
Passage:
Benson & Hedges Cup
The Benson & Hedges Cup was a one-day cricket competition for first-class counties in England and Wales that was held from 1972 to 2002, one of cricket's longest sponsorship deals.

It was the third major one-day competition  established in England and Wales after the Sunday League and the Gillette Cup.  Traditionally a 'big day out' for the finalist's supporters, it was the less prestigious of the two cups. It began as a 55 over a side game, but was later reduced to 50.  The winning team in the first cup final in 1972, Leicestershire won £2,500, the losing finalists Yorkshire £1,000 and Chris Balderstone, winner of the man of the match – the coveted 'Gold Award' – £100.

Format

Twenty teams were organised into four zonal groups in its original format with the games played at the start of the season in May.  The (then) seventeen first-class counties were joined by three other teams, Minor Counties (North), Minor Counties (South) and Cambridge University who alternated with Oxford University. Each team played the others in the group, the winners of each game awarded three points plus, in its first year, a bonus point for bowling their opponents out.  The first two teams in each group went on to contest a quarter-final knock-out stage.  Groups were set up to create 'derby' games.

in 1975, the Oxford and Cambridge university sides combined to form an Oxford & Cambridge team which competed in every season thereafter. In 1976 the groupings were reorganised to remove the geographical element and the Minor Counties were divided into East and West instead of North and South. Scotland entered the competition in 1980 and the Minor Counties were reduced to one combined team.  Durham joined the competition in 1992, having become a first-class county, Ireland joined in 1994 and the competition was streamlined to a straight knock-out cup.  Mike Atherton's Combined Universities side almost reached the semi-finals in 1989 and Ireland defeated Middlesex eight years later. 

The final was played at Lord's, initially in mid-July, but latterly in late June.  Viv Richards of Somerset made the highest score in a final, an unbeaten 132.  Ken Higgs of Leicestershire took a hat-trick Alan Butcher, Pat Pocock and Arnold Long against Surrey in the final of 1974, but still ended on the losing side.  Other notable performances in its later days include Mark Alleyne's century for Gloucestershire in 1999, 112 from Aravinda de Silva as Kent lost in 1995 and Ben Hollioake's 115-ball 98 for Surrey in 1997.

The highest total ever recorded in the group matches was the 388 smashed by Essex against Scotland in 1992. Graham Gooch scored 127 as Scotland lost by 272 runs.

Controversy

At a B & H Cup group game at Worcester on 24 May 1979, the Somerset captain Brian Rose declared after one over with the score at 1 for 0. Worcestershire scored the required 2 runs in 10 balls. The declaration was done to protect Somerset's run-rate so they could qualify for the next round. After a special TCCB vote, Somerset were ejected from the competition for bringing the game into disrepute.

The end

The Benson & Hedges Cup's later years coincided with increasing concern about the quantity of one-day cricket in England and Wales.  A ban on tobacco advertising deprived the cup of its sponsor and it was wound up in 2002 in favour of the Twenty20 Cup, first held the following year.  The current format of the Friends Provident Trophy echoes the Benson and Hedges Cup as teams compete in a group stage before going on to knockout rounds.

The umpires in the last final had faced each other as players in the first final 30 years before. John Hampshire for Yorkshire and Barry Dudleston for Leicestershire.

Finals

Wins summary

*4 Lancashire
*3 Gloucestershire, Kent, Leicestershire, Surrey
*2 Essex, Hampshire, Middlesex, Somerset, Warwickshire
*1 Derbyshire, Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire, Worcestershire, Yorkshire.

Records

*Highest Total – 388–7 Essex v Scotland at Chelmsford 1992
*Highest Total Batting Second – 318–5 Lancashire v Leicestershire at Manchester 1995
*Lowest Total – 50 Hampshire v Yorkshire at Leeds 1991
*Highest Score – 198* GA Gooch for Essex v Sussex at Hove 1982
*Best Bowling – 7–12 WW Daniel for Middlesex v Minor Counties East at Ipswich 1978
*Most Wicketkeeper dismissals in an innings – 8 (all caught) DJS Taylor for Somerset v Combined Universities at Taunton 1982
*Most Catches in an Innings – 5 VJ Marks for Somerset v Combined Universities at Taunton 1976
Question:
Cricket. The winners of the last Benson & Hedges Cup Final in 1998 were also the winners of the first in 1972. Which county was this?
Answer:
Leics
Passage:
There's No Business Like Show Business
"There's No Business Like Show Business" is an Irving Berlin song, written for the 1946 musical Annie Get Your Gun and orchestrated by Ted Royal. The song, a slightly tongue-in-cheek salute to the glamour and excitement of a life in show business, is sung in the musical by members of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show in an attempt to persuade Annie Oakley to join the production.  It is reprised three times in the musical.

The song is also featured in the 1954 movie of the same name, where it is notably sung by Ethel Merman as the main musical number.  The movie, directed by Walter Lang, is essentially a catalog of various Berlin's pieces, in the same way that Singin' in the Rain—which starred Donald O'Connor as well—was a collection of Arthur Freed songs. There was also a disco version of the song made during the 1970s, with Merman reprising her singing role in The Ethel Merman Disco Album.  The song became one of Ethel Merman's standards and was often performed by her at concerts and on television.

Other singers to have recorded the song include Judy Garland,  the Andrews Sisters (with Bing Crosby and Dick Haymes), Harry Connick Jr. (from Come by Me, 1999), Susannah McCorkle, and Bernadette Peters.

In his liner notes for Susannah McCorkle's version of the song on her Ballad Essentials album Scott Yanow writes "usually performed as a corny razzle-dazzle romp, that piece was drastically slowed down by Susannah who performed all of its known lyrics, including stanzas that show Irving Berlin's lyrics were actually quite touching and meaningful".

Tenor saxophonist Sonny Rollins did a rendition of the tune on his 1956 Prestige album, Work Time.

Popular culture

* The Canadian band Sweeney Todd included part of the lyrics in their song "Say Hello Say Goodbye" from their album If Wishes Were Horses.
* The Ethel Merman recording is featured in the film All That Jazz (1979).
* From 1976 to 2007 the rock band Genesis played the Ethel Merman recording at the end of gigs—it can be heard at the end of their 1977 live album Seconds Out.
* During the credits of Noises Off, Niki Haris sings a form of the song.
* In the 2000 musical film version of Love's Labour's Lost, Nathan Lane sings a version of the song.
* Liza Minnelli performed a portion of the song on her 1992 album "Live From Radio City Music Hall."
* In RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race, contestants Latrice Royale and Tammie Brown performed a lip-sync to the Ethel Merman version for the episode "RuPaul's Gaff-In." 
* The song is sampled in Taco's cover of another Irving Berlin song, "Puttin' On the Ritz", released in 1982.

Notes and references

*America's Songs: The Stories Behind the Songs of Broadway, Hollywood, and Tin Pan Alley, Philip Furia, Michael L. Lasser. Routledge, 2006, ISBN 978-0-415-97246-8, p. 206
Question:
"Born 1888, who composed the song ""There's No Business Like Show Business""?"
Answer:
Ellin Mackay
Passage:
MoMA | Salvador Dalí. The Persistence of Memory. 1931
MoMA | Salvador Dalí. The Persistence of Memory. 1931
See this work in MoMA’s Online Collection
Salvador Dalí frequently described his paintings as “hand painted dream photographs.” He based this seaside landscape on the cliffs in his home region of Catalonia, Spain. The ants and melting clocks are recognizable images that Dalí placed in an unfamiliar context or rendered in an unfamiliar way. The large central creature comprised of a deformed nose and eye was drawn from Dalí’s imagination, although it has frequently been interpreted as a self-portrait . Its long eyelashes seem insect-like; what may or may not be a tongue oozes from its nose like a fat snail from its shell.
Time is the theme here, from the melting watches to the decay implied by the swarming ants. Mastering what he called “the usual paralyzing tricks of eye-fooling,” Dalí painted this work with “the most imperialist fury of precision,” but only, he said, “to systematize confusion and thus to help discredit completely the world of reality.” There is, however, a nod to the real: the distant golden cliffs are those on the coast of Catalonia, Dalí’s home.
A work of art made from paint applied to canvas, wood, paper, or another support (noun).
Glossary
What’s Freud Got to Do with It?
Salvador Dalí was very interested in Sigmund Freud’s writings on psychology. An Austrian psychologist writing in the late-19th and early-20th century, Freud revolutionized the way people think about the mind with his theory of the subconscious. The subconscious is the part of the psyche that thinks and feels without the person being aware of those thoughts and feelings. According to Freud, dreams are coded messages from the subconscious, and Surrealist artists like Dalí were interested in what could be revealed by their dreams.
Madness to His Method?
Dalí self-induced hallucinations in order to access his subconscious while creating art, a process he called the paranoiac-critical method . On the results of this process, he wrote, “I am the first to be surprised and often terrified by the images I see appear upon my canvas. I register without choice and with all possible exactitude the dictates of my subconscious, my dreams….” Although he claimed to be surprised by the images, Dalí rendered them with meticulous precision, creating the illusion that these places could exist in the real world. Dalí, in his typically ironic way, once proclaimed, “The only difference between a madman and me is that I am not mad.”
Question:
"Who described his paintings as ""hand-painted dream photographs?"""
Answer:
Salvador Felipe Jacinto DalA
Passage:
John Dickinson Stationery
John Dickinson Stationery Limited was a leading English stationery company founded in west Hertfordshire, that was later merged to form Dickinson Robinson Group. In the 19th century, the company pioneered a number of innovations in paper-making.

History

The company was founded in Apsley, Hertfordshire in 1804 by John Dickinson, who invented a continuous mechanized paper-making process.  Dickinson patented his ideas in 1809 and in the same year he gained financial backing from George Longman, whose family controlled the Longman publishing firm. He established paper mills at Apsley (a former flour mill), Nash Mill (formerly a mediaeval corn-mill) in 1811 and Croxley in Hertfordshire.  The river and canal at Apsley and Nash Mills provided power for the mills and transport for materials and product.

The mill-house at Nash Mill, called Nash House, became the family home for Dickinson and his new wife Ann (née Grover) whose father Harry Grover supported this business development through his Grover's Bank. In a very few years Nash Mills was renowned for its production of tough thin paper for Samuel Bagster's "Pocket Reference Bible". A major fire in 1813 was a setback, but, being covered by insurance, enabled redevelopment towards large scale production.

During the 19th century, Sir John Evans and his son Lewis Evans (whose elder brother was the archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans) both managed the company.

John Dickinson & Co. Ltd had their Engineering Department at Nash Mills until 1888, when it was transferred to Apsley Mill.  By the end of the nineteenth century, Nash Mill, which was small and had a reputation for independence, experienced a drop in profitability.  Continuous minor changes were implemented until, in 1926 it underwent improvements with expansion, remodelling and refurbishment.  The Lion Brand was adopted as the company logo in 1910.  Companies were then formed in South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere (thirteen countries in all).

Basildon Bond

The Basildon Bond brand of stationery was created by Millington and Sons in 1911.  The brand is named after Basildon Park, where some of Millington's directors were staying and liked the alliteration of "Basildon" and "bond". The Millington & Sons company was acquired by John Dickinson in 1918, who then took over the Basildon Bond brand.  The name "Basildon Bond" was used by comedian Russ Abbot for one of his characters. 

Innovations

John Dickinson patented a method of paper-making in June 1807, that rendered his rivals' techniques (principally the Fourdrinier machine) obsolete. In 1850, the company started mechanical envelope manufacturing, with gummed envelopes for the first time. The production of fine rag paper on electrically driven machines was a successful innovation at Nash Mill. The company pioneered the production of window envelopes in 1929.

Dickinson Robinson Group

Dickinson Robinson Group Ltd (DRG) was formed out of E. S. & A. Robinson Packaging of Bristol and John Dickinson & Co Ltd. in 1966, creating one of the world's largest stationery and packaging companies.  In 1989 asset-stripper Roland Franklin (Pembridge Investments) acquired DRG (by now including the Royal Sovereign group acquired in 1978) with a leveraged buyout worth £900 million.

In 1990, the Paper Mills in the group, Nash Mills, Keynsham Paper Mill and Fife Paper Mills were sold to SAPPI of South Africa.  These mills were all subsequently closed down by SAPPI as were all other acquisitions (Kymmini Oy, Blackburn Mill and Wolvercote Mill) they made in the UK.  In 1999, what had been the Stationery Division of the Group was bought by Spicers Ltd and relocated from Apsley to the village of Sawston south of Cambridge.

In 2005, John Dickinson Stationery was purchased by the French stationery manufacturer Hamelin Group. Rebranded as Hamelin Brands, the company relocated to Red Lodge, Suffolk.

Frogmore Paper Mill

Just north of the former Apsley Mill site in Hemel Hempstead is Frogmore Paper Mill, the world's oldest mechanised paper mill. It was at Frogmore Mill that Bryan Donkin first demonstrated the paper machine he developed for the Fourdrinier brothers. Now operated by a conservation and education charitable trust, Frogmore Mill is open to the public and  incorporates a visitor centre, museum exhibition hall, art gallery as well as continuing to make paper on machine and by hand.

Black n' Red

Black n' Red is a brand of books and pads of paper, produced by John Dickinson Stationery Limited, with a striking black and red design. The front and back covers of such books are black, with the text "Black n' Red" written in red font in the bottom right corner of the cover. The spine or bind is also red.
Question:
Basildon Bond and C U Jimmy were the comic creations of which stage and TV comedian?
Answer:
Russ Abbot's Madhouse
