Passage:
Plaza Patrol
Plaza Patrol is a 1991's short lived British television sitcom on ITV, featuring Cannon and Ball.    Cannon and Ball played incompetent security guards of a shopping mall. To date this was their final prime time TV series.

Episode list
Question:
Which comedy duo starred in the 1991 British television series ‘Plaza Patrol’?
Answer:
Cannon and Ball
Passage:
5 Major Lakes in Africa | USA Today - Travel Tips
5 Major Lakes in Africa | USA Today
5 Major Lakes in Africa
(Photo: Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images )
Related Articles
The Biggest Forests in Africa
Africa contains the second-largest freshwater lake in the world, as well as the longest. Most of the major lakes in Africa lie along a continental fault line known as the East African Rift Valley, which runs through the southeastern portion of the continent, creating both spectacular mountains such as Kilimanjaro and a system of deep lakes known collectively as the Great Lakes of Africa. While not quite as large as the North American Great Lakes system, the system nonetheless looms significant in both the physical and economic geography of the continent -- and that's not to mention its physical beauty and stature.
Lake Victoria
Not only is Lake Victoria the largest lake in Africa, it is the second-largest freshwater lake in terms of area in the world. Bordered by Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania, it supports a diverse ecosystem of reefs and islands, including many unique species of fish. Lake Victoria is also one of the sources of the Nile River. The land around Lake Victoria is densely populated, and the lake plays an important economic role in the lives of the people there. For tourists, sport fishing for Nile perch is a major attraction, as is birdwatching.
Lake Tanganyika
Lake Tanganyika is one of the 10 largest freshwater lakes in the world and the second deepest. Long and narrow -- in fact, the longest lake in the world -- it forms the entirety of the border between Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo and also borders Burundi to the north and Zambia to the south. The lake's warm blue waters make it especially attractive to swimmers; sport fishing is also a draw.
Lake Nyasa
Like Lake Victoria, Lake Nyasa -- also known as Lake Malawi -- is part of the African Great Lakes system. It's the third-largest lake in the East African Rift Valley system, bordered by Malawi, Tanzania and Mozambique. Nyasa means "lake" in Bantu. The Malawi beaches are well-established tourist attractions, while Tanzanian beaches such as Matema Beach tend to be less developed.
Lake Albert
Lake Albert is also sometimes known as Lake Mobutu Sese Seko. The lake is relatively shallow, reaching only 80 feet in depth, but in terms of surface area it's the fourth largest of the Rift Valley lakes. Its significant also for acting as a source of the White Nile river. Lake Albert borders Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Due to the terrain, which includes steep surrounding mountains, the shores of Lake Albert are sparsely populated, and the area is off the beaten path in terms of tourism, but visitors might be interested in the wildlife and forest preserves that surround the lake, as well as Muchison Falls National Park.
Lake Chad
Lake Chad is northern Africa's largest lake in terms of area, but it is strikingly shallow, reaching only 34 feet at its deepest point. This is in part because Lake Chad is surrounded by the arid Sahara Desert. In fact, the exact dimensions of the lake can vary widely from year to year depending on the local drought conditions. Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria and Niger share a border with the lake. Lake Chad is a vital wildlife sanctuary, and birdwatchers will find much to occupy themselves here. The best time to visit is during the rainy season, roughly August to December, when the water level is high.
References
Question:
Which is the largest lake in Africa?
Answer:
Southern Victoria Nyanza
Passage:
Boy Scout Motto - U.S. Scouting Service Project
Boy Scout Motto
Boy Scout Motto
Be Prepared: The Motto of the Boy Scouts of America
Excerpted from page 54, Boy Scout Handbook, 11th ed,
(#33105), copyright 1998 by BSA, ISBN 0-8395-3105-2
Be Prepared.
That's the motto of the Boy Scouts.
"Be prepared for what?" someone once asked Baden-Powell, the founder of     Scouting,
"Why, for any old thing." said Baden-Powell.
The training you receive in your troop will help you  live up to the Scout motto.     When someone has an accident, you are prepared because of your first aid instruction.     Because of lifesaving practice, you might be able to save a nonswimmer who has fallen into     deep water.
But Baden-Powell wasn't thinking just of being ready for emergencies. His idea was that     all Scouts should prepare themselves to become productive citizens and to give happiness     to other people. He wanted each Scout to be ready in mind and body for any struggles, and     to meet with a strong heart whatever challenges might lie ahead.
Be prepared for life - to live happily and without regret, knowing that you have     done your best. That's what the Scout motto means.
Page updated on:   May 02, 2013
© 1994-2017 - U.S. Scouting Service Project | Site Map | Disclaimer | Project Team | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
Materials found at U. S. Scouting Service    Project, Inc. Websites may be reproduced and used locally by Scouting    volunteers for training purposes consistent with the programs of the Boy    Scouts of America (BSA) [ Links    to BSA Sites ], the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM) or    other Scouting and Guiding Organizations. No material found here may be    used or reproduced for electronic redistribution or for commercial or other    non-Scouting purposes without the express permission of the U. S. Scouting    Service Project, Inc. (USSSP) or other copyright holders. USSSP is not affiliated    with BSA or WOSM and does not speak on behalf of BSA or WOSM. Opinions expressed    on these web pages are those of the web authors. You can support this website    with in two ways: Visit Our Trading Post at www.ScoutingBooks.com or make a donation by    clicking the button below.
(U.S. Scouting Service Project Donation)
(Ruth Lyons Memorial Donations)
Question:
What youth groups motto is “Be Prepared”?
Answer:
Boyscouts
