Passage:
White on Blonde
White on Blonde is the fourth studio album by Scottish rock band Texas, released by Mercury Records in February 1997. The album was the band's first number one, and became their biggest seller. It has been certified 6x Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for sales of over 1.8 million copies.

Background and release

The album included five UK Top Ten singles, "Say What You Want" (UK #3), "Halo" (UK #10), "Black Eyed Boy" (UK #5), "Put Your Arms Around Me" (UK #10) and "Insane" (UK #4) which was released as a double A-sided single with "Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" - a new version of the 1997 hit featuring additional rap vocals by the Wu-Tang Clan.

White on Blonde has been certified 6x Platinum in the UK, which indicates sales of over 1.8 million copies in that territory.  The album was also a major success in various European countries, such as France where it peaked at #2 on the French Album Charts. Worldwide, sales of White on Blonde are estimated at around 4-5 million copies. The album was produced by the band themselves, along with Mike Hedges and former Eurythmics star Dave Stewart.

Honours

White on Blonde has received many honours since its release in 1997. It was voted the 86th greatest album of all time by Q magazine readers in 1998.  The album is also ranked #34 in Q's "Best 50 Albums of Q's Lifetime," included in Q magazine's "90 Best Albums Of The 1990s," and included in Q magazine's "50 Best Albums of 1997."

White on Blonde became the first Texas album to top the UK Album Charts and is one of only two Texas albums (along with The Greatest Hits) to be certified 6x Platinum in the United Kingdom.

In 2010, White on Blonde was nominated in the BRIT Awards Best Album in the past 25 years.

Track listing

Personnel

;Texas
*Sharleen Spiteri – Vocals, Guitar
*Ally McErlaine – Guitar
*Johnny McElhone – Bass guitar
*Eddie Campbell – Keyboards
*Richard Hynd – Drums

;Other Personnel
*Roger Ward – Guitar
*Paul Taylor – Programming
*Alex Silva – Programming, Keyboards
*Terry Disley – Programming, Keyboards
*Martin Greene – Strings (Arrangement)
*Claire Miles – Strings
*Anne Stephenson – Strings
*Sally Herbert – Strings
*Claire Orsler – Strings
*Susan Dench – Strings
*Gini Ball – Strings
*Chris Pitsillide – Strings
*Steven Granville – Backing vocals

Charts

Certifications

*UK: 6× Platinum 
*FRA: Platinum
*SWE: Gold 
*SWI: Platinum
Question:
Which band released a 1997 album entitled ‘White on Blonde’?
Answer:
Texas (U.S. State)
Passage:
‘The unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable’ – Oscar ...
‘The unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable’ – Oscar Wilde / FRFI 182 Dec 2004 / Jan 2005
‘The unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable’ – Oscar Wilde / FRFI 182 Dec 2004 / Jan 2005
Created: Thursday, 24 September 2009 13:30
FRFI 182 December 2004 / January 2005
‘The unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable’ – Oscar Wilde
After a merry chase through English parliamentary procedure, hunting with dogs was finally banned by Act of Parliament on 18 November. Prime Minister Blair tried a final decoy to delay the ban until after the general election (he will need their votes), but with no luck. The horn has been sounded Tally-ho! The hunters are pledged to disrupt the nation, the general election and all things foreign (ie urban) until they get their way and are able to pursue small animals across the countryside and tear them to pieces for pleasure once more (more endearing are their badges enscribed ‘Bollocks to Blair’).
But contrary to Countryside Alliance and pro-hunting claims, according to a Mori Poll published in The Guardian on 18 December 2001, 83% of people in the UK think hunting is cruel, unnecessary or unacceptable. In a Gallup poll for the Daily Telegraph in 1997, 77% of rural dwellers disapproved of fox hunting.
The Act will outlaw the cruel and barbaric killing of animals for pleasure. Other blood ‘sports’ which involve cruelty to animals, such as hare coursing, badger baiting, cock fighting and dog fighting, were outlawed long ago. The pro-hunters claim that their pastime is not cruel and helps to rid the countryside of predatory pests which kill farm animals like lambs and chickens. In fact foxes feed mainly on rabbits and rats – a benefit to farmers. There are estimated to be 250,000 adult foxes in the UK, producing about 400,000 cubs a year, most of which will die in their first year of life. Humans kill about 400,000 foxes a year so a ban on fox hunting, which kills about 20,000 a year at most, will have little impact on the numbers.
Far worse than their disgusting pleasures, however, are the claims of the pro-hunting, landed elite that they are the guardians and custodians of the English landscape, who know best how to protect English heritage. The landowners have successfully harnessed a general feeling of grievance in rural areas as a result of a crisis in farming in order to defend their wealth, power and privilege. They shamelessly portray themselves as defenders of working people’s jobs, homes and futures.
The United Kingdom consists of 60 million acres. 41 million of these are designated ‘agricultural land’. 15 million acres are considered ‘waste’ and consist of forests, rivers, mountains and are predominantly owned by the Forestry Commission and the Ministry of Defence. That leaves four million acres for ‘urban plot’. Of this total 60 million acres, 69% is owned by 0.6% of the population. That means that 158,000 families own 41 million acres and 24 million families live on four million acres. According to current figures, land is more fairly distributed in Brazil than in the Britain.
English landowners have consistently damaged the English countryside in favour of profits and subsidies. They have persistently destroyed wildlife habitats like woodland and hedgerows. Their gamekeepers trap and poison birds of prey to protect their pheasants (for profitable shoots), and their sheep are dipped in noxious chemicals which poison farmworkers, rivers and fish. Conservators and guardians they are not!
Estimates vary as to the number of people who are employed directly in hunting. The Campaign for Rural Rights, launched by the Countryside Alliance in 1997, claims that 160,000 full and part-time jobs will be lost as a result of the ban. Research by the Produce Studies Group showed that the ban would threaten at least 16,000 jobs in hunting and associated trades and activities – 70% of them in rural areas. Independent research by Dr Neil Ward of the University of Newcastle found that fewer than 1,000 full-time jobs are directly linked to hunting.
If the hunting lobby were seriously concerned about the future of workers in the countryside (and they never have been before), then there are many other possible leisure activities which would involve many more people in work and participation than the rather select band who go hunting. And therein lies the rub! They don’t actually want to attract hoi polloi, the ordinary people, in any numbers to enjoy rural pursuits. They expect our sympathy for their civil liberty to chase freely over the countryside in pursuit of foxes, but don’t any of us dare to go for a walk across their land!
Barnaby Mitchell
Question:
Oscar Wilde described which ‘sport’ as ‘The unspeakable in full pursuit of the uneatable’?
Answer:
Fox-hunter
Passage:
Hippomenes
The name Hippomenes may also refer to the father of Leimone.

In Greek mythology, Hippomenes (), also known as Melanion (Μελανίων or  Μειλανίων),  was a son of the Arcadian Amphidamas  or of Megareus of Onchestus  and the husband of Atalanta. He was known to have been one of the disciples of Cheiron, and to have surpassed other disciples in his eagerness to undertake hard challenges.  Inscriptions mention him as one of the Calydonian hunters. 

Overview 

The main myth of Hippomenes' courtship of Atalanta, narrated by Pseudo-Apollodorus, Ovid,  Servius,  and Hyginus  was as follows.

Hippomenes fell in love with Atalanta, the virgin huntress who strongly disliked the idea of getting married. Disturbed by  men admiring her beauty as she ran through the forest, she declared that whoever wanted to marry her was to beat her in a footrace (herself being a notoriously swift runner), and that those who should try and lose would be punished by instant death.
Another version (followed by Hyginus) was that her father wanted her to be married, but she did not. She agreed to running races against her suitors because she thought she would never lose.

Atalanta raced all her suitors and outran all but Hippomenes, who defeated her by cunning, not speed. Hippomenes knew that he could not win a fair race with Atalanta, so he prayed to Aphrodite for help (the goddess, in the meantime, disliked Atalanta's neglect of love). 

Aphrodite gave him three golden apples – which came from her sacred apple-tree in Tamasus, Cyprus, according to Ovid,  or from the garden of the Hesperides according to Servius – and told him to drop them one at a time to distract Atalanta. After each of the first two apples, Atalanta was able to recover the lead, but when she stopped for the third, Hippomenes won the race. It took all three apples and all of his speed, but Hippomenes was finally successful, winning the race and Atalanta's hand.

Atalanta and Hippomenes were turned into lions by Cybele as punishment after having sex in one of her temples they entered to take a rest during their journey to Hippomenes' home (the Greeks believed that lions could not mate with other lions, but only with leopards). Ovid and Servius suggest that Hippomenes forgot to pay the tribute to Aphrodite he had promised for helping him, and consequently, during the two's stay at Cybele's temple, Aphrodite caused them to have sex after going mad with lust, knowing that this would offend Cybele, and this indeed resulted in Cybele (or Zeus according to Hyginus) transforming them into lions. Thereafter they drew Cybele's chariot, which Servius equates with the Earth itself.

According to some accounts, Hippomenes (Melanion) was the father of Parthenopaeus;   yet others stated Atalanta had her son by either Ares or Meleager prior to her marriage to Hippomenes.
Question:
In mythology who famously competed against Melanion?
Answer:
Atalanta
Passage:
See No Evil, Hear No Evil
See No Evil, Hear No Evil is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller and produced by Marvin Worth for TriStar Pictures. It stars Richard Pryor as a blind man and Gene Wilder as a deaf man who work together to thwart a trio of murderous thieves. This is the third film reuniting Wilder and Pryor who had appeared previously in Silver Streak (1976) and Stir Crazy (1980).

Plot summary

A blind man named Wally Karew (Richard Pryor) and a deaf man named Dave Lyons (Gene Wilder) meet when Wally applies for a job in Dave's New York City concession shop. 
After a brief period of confusion and antagonism, Wally and Dave become close friends. Dave reads lips and guides Wally when they travel, and Wally tells Dave about invisible sounds and what people say behind his back. At a local bar, Wally defeats an aggressive bully in a fistfight with assistance from Dave, who uses clock-face directions to tell Wally where his opponent is. Dave hires Wally.

One morning, as Wally waits outside for the day's newspapers, a man walks into Dave's shop. When the man is approached by a beautiful woman named Eve (Joan Severance), he quickly removes a gold coin from a suitcase and places it in a box of coins sitting on the counter.  The woman takes the suitcase and shoots the man in the stomach as Dave - whose back is turned - reads the information on a box of antacid pills.  Dave neither sees nor hears the shooting, but he notices Eve's legs as she leaves the shop.  Wally, who heard the gunshot, walks into the shop and trips over the man's dead body.  Dave then rushes to help Wally and picks up the gun, which Eve left at the scene.  When the police arrive, they find Dave and Wally standing over the body with Dave holding the gun. Before they are arrested, Dave tells Wally to collect the coins from the box.

At the police station, Dave and Wally are interrogated by Captain Braddock (Alan North), a talented but merciless detective who immediately hates them and makes them his prime suspects. When Eve and her accomplice Kirgo (Kevin Spacey) - hoping to recover the coin - arrive to bail them out by posing as attorneys, Wally recognizes Eve's perfume and Dave recognizes her legs, but Braddock ignores them when they insist that she is the killer. Wishing to avoid Eve and Kirgo when they are released, Dave and Wally escape from the police station, but the criminals soon find them. Eve takes the coin from Wally's pocket and telephones her boss Mr. Sutherland (Anthony Zerbe) for instructions, allowing Dave to learn the criminals' plans by reading her lips.  When Kirgo tries to kill Dave and Wally, they use the fistfighting method they learned in the bar to knock him unconscious. They then steal an unattended police car, and drive away with Eve, Kirgo and Braddock chasing them. Working together to guide the patrol car, Dave and Wally evade both the police and the criminals, but they accidentally launch the car onto a waterborne garbage barge.

After hiding the police car, the two men walk to a motel and telephone Wally's sister Adele (Childs) for help. The police follow Adele and search her motel room, but she, Wally, and Dave avoid detection, and they drive away after the police have left. Having incorrectly read Eve's lips, Dave believes they need to find a woman named "Grace George", but Adele realizes that Eve must have been referring to a resort called "Great Gorge". At the resort, Wally impersonates a visiting professor while Dave steals the coin from Eve. Meanwhile, Adele distracts Kirgo by crashing her car into his. However, Kirgo and Eve kidnap Adele and take her to Sutherland's estate.

After a tragic mishap with the car, Dave and Wally put their rescue plan into action, with the result that Adele escapes but the two men are captured. In his study, Sutherland reveals that the coin is a room-temperature superconductor, which is extremely valuable. Kirgo and Sutherland are killed during an argument over sharing the profits from the coin's theft, after which Dave and Wally escape the study and have a violent altercation with Eve and her helicopter pilot. When the police arrive, the remaining criminals are arrested, and Wally and Dave are released having been cleared of the charges. Shortly thereafter, the two men go to a local park and reprise a scene from the beginning of the film by dumping ice-cream cones on each other's head; enjoying each other's company.

Cast

* Richard Pryor – Wallace "Wally" Karew
* Gene Wilder – Dave Lyons
* Joan Severance – Eve
* Kevin Spacey – Kirgo
* Alan North – Braddock
* Anthony Zerbe – Sutherland
* Louis Giambalvo – Gatlin
* Kirsten Childs – Adele

Reception

TriStar Pictures was looking to produce another film starring Wilder and Pryor, and Wilder agreed to do See No Evil, Hear No Evil only if he was allowed to re-write the script. The studio agreed and See No Evil, Hear No Evil premiered on May 1989 to mostly negative reviews. Many critics praised Wilder's and Pryor's, and Kevin Spacey's performances, but they mostly agreed that the script was terrible. Roger Ebert called it "a real dud",  the Deseret Morning News described the film as "stupid", with an "idiotic script" that had a "contrived story" and too many "juvenile gags."  On the other hand Vincent Canby called it "by far the most successful co-starring vehicle for Mr. Pryor and Mr. Wilder", while also acknowledging that "this is not elegant movie making, and not all of the gags are equally clever."  

The film holds 18% of positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. Despite the negative reviews, the film was a box office success for its time, able to stay at number one for two weeks.
Question:
Who plays the deaf man in the 1989 film ‘See No Evil, Hear No Evil’?
Answer:
Gene Wilder
Passage:
Long Walk to Freedom
Long Walk to Freedom is an autobiographical work written by South African President Nelson Mandela, and published in 1995 by Little Brown & Co. The book profiles his early life, coming of age, education and 27 years in prison. Under the apartheid government, Mandela was regarded as a terrorist and jailed on the infamous Robben Island for his role as a leader of the then-outlawed ANC. He has since achieved international recognition for his leadership as president in rebuilding the country's once segregated society.  The last chapters of the book describe his political ascension, and his belief that the struggle continues against apartheid in South Africa.

Mandela dedicated his book to "my six children, Madiba and Makaziwe (my first daughter) who are now deceased, and to Makgatho, Makaziwe, Zenani and Zindzi, whose support and love I treasure; to my twenty-one grandchildren and three great-grandchildren who give me great pleasure; and to all my comrades, friends and fellow South Africans whom I serve and whose courage, determination and patriotism remain my source of inspiration."

Overview

In the first part of the autobiography, Mandela describes his upbringing as a child and adolescent in South Africa, and being connected to the royal Thembu dynasty. His childhood name was Rolihlahla, which is loosely translated as "pulling the branch of a tree", or a euphemism for "troublemaker".

Mandela describes his education at a Thembu college called Clarkebury, and later at the strict Healdtown school, where students were rigorously put in routines. He mentions his education at the University of Fort Hare, and his practice of law later on. He also then writes; "Democracy meant all men to be heard, and decision was taken together as a people. Majority rule was a foreign notion. A minority was not to be clashed by a majority." (p. 29)

In the second part of the book, Mandela introduces political and social aspects of apartheid in South Africa, and the influences of politicians such as Daniel François Malan who implemented the nadir of African freedoms, as he officially commenced the apartheid policies. Mandela joined the African National Congress in 1950 and describes his organisation of guerrilla tactics and underground organisations to battle against apartheid.

In 1961, Mandela was convicted for inciting people to strike and leaving the country without a passport and sentenced to five years imprisonment. However, Mandela was shortly thereafter sentenced to life imprisonment for sabotage in what was known as the "Rivonia Trial", by Justice Dr. Quartus de Wet, instead of a possible death sentence. (p. 159)

Mandela describes prison time on Robben Island and Pollsmoor Prison. His 28-year tenure in prison was marked by the cruelty of Afrikaner guards, backbreaking labour, and sleeping in minuscule cells which were nearly uninhabitable. Unlike his biographer Anthony Sampson, Mandela does not accuse the warder James Gregory of fabricating a friendship with his prisoner. Gregory's book Goodbye Bafana discussed Mandela's family life and described Gregory as a close personal friend of Mandela. According to Mandela: The Authorised Biography, Gregory's position was to censor the letters delivered to the future president, and he thereby discovered the details of Mandela's personal life, which he then made money from by means of his book Goodbye Bafana. Mandela considered suing Gregory for this breach of trust.  In Long Walk to Freedom Mandela remarks of Gregory only that 
'I had not known him terribly well, but he knew us, because he had been responsible for reviewing our incoming and outgoing mail.' 

Later on in his sentence, Mandela met South African president, Frederik Willem de Klerk, and was released from prison in 1990. Unlike his friend Anthony Sampson's account, Mandela's book does not discuss the alleged complicity of de Klerk in the violence of the eighties and nineties, or the role of his ex-wife Winnie Mandela in that bloodshed. Mandela became the South African president in 1994.

Reviews

The book won the Alan Paton Award in 1995, and has been published in numerous languages, including an Afrikaans translation by Antjie Krog.

Film adaptation

Long Walk to Freedom has been adapted into a film titled Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom directed by Justin Chadwick, written by William Nicholson, and produced by Anant Singh. Mandela personally awarded the film rights to the book to Singh's company some years before 2009. Singh believes that as the film is based on Mandela's own writing, it will be the "definitive" biopic of him.  English actor Idris Elba portrays Mandela in the film.  The film was limited released on 29 November 2013 in the United States. Full release happened on Christmas Day 2013 in the United States. 
When the film was shown in London for Prince William and his wife, Nelson Mandela's death was announced.

Ghost writer

In an obituary of Mandela, The Times reported that the later chapters had been "ghosted by a skilful US journalist", and that Mandela had later started work on a second set of memoirs without a ghost writer.
Question:
"Whose autobiography was entitled ""A Long Walk to Freedom""?"
Answer:
Nelson Mendella
Passage:
East Lyn River
The East Lyn is a river which rises high in Exmoor, in the English county of Somerset. It flows through the East Lyn Valley in Devon.

History

The Lynmouth Disaster occurred on the East Lyn river  due to rocks and fallen trees having been washed into the West Lyn river. These formed a log jam near Watersmeet, forming a landslide dam. When the pressure behind the dam increased to uncontrollable levels, the water broke out of the dam, and rushed down the East Lyn (via the convergence of the rivers) into Lynmouth, obliterating houses and ultimately resulting in 34 deaths. Boulders from the incident can still be seen today, lining the banks of the East Lyn as it travels into Lynmouth today.

Watercourse

The river is formed as the Upper East Lyn at Malmsmead from two minor tributaries, the Oare Water and Badgworthy Water. It flows for several miles, past Brendon and makes confluence with Hoar Oak Water at Watersmeet, where Watersmeet House is situated.  The river then passes through a narrow gorge section, before flowing downstream for a further  until the river meets with the West Lyn River and flows into the Bristol Channel at Lynmouth. 

Recreation

Angling

Angling interests especially in the summer are targeted towards the salmon which migrate up the river to spawn. There is also trout fishing. 

Walking

It is popular for walkers with the Two Moors Way near to much of the river.

Whitewater kayaking

Whitewater kayakers frequently run this river in the winter when seeking a challenging Grade 4 paddle.
Question:
The River Lyn is in which English county?
Answer:
Devon, England
Passage:
VND - Vietnamese Dong rates, news, and tools - XE.com
VND - Vietnamese Dong rates, news, and tools
VND - Vietnamese Dong
Viet Nam, Dong
The Vietnamese Dong is the currency of Viet Nam.     Our currency rankings show that the most popular Viet Nam Dong exchange rate is the VND to USD rate .     The currency code for Dong is VND, and the currency symbol is ₫.     Below, you'll find Vietnamese Dong rates and a currency converter.      You can also subscribe to our currency newsletters with daily rates and analysis, read the XE Currency Blog ,     or take VND rates on the go with our XE Currency Apps and website.
Question:
In which country is the Dong the main unit of currency?
Answer:
Độc lập - tự do - hạnh phúc
Passage:
Burj Al Arab Jumeirah - Stay at The Most Luxurious Hotel ...
Total daily rate excluding taxes & fees AED 0.00 Book rooms
Hotel facilities available to all our guests
From the big picture down to the fine details, a true luxury hotel intuitively knows how to provide for its guests. At Burj Al Arab Jumeirah we've taken the time to anticipate your every need, putting an incredible array of luxury facilities and services at your fingertips. 
To view all of our Facilities & Services at Burj Al Arab, click here.
restaurants & bars
In our nine signature restaurants, dining is about far more than food. We specialise in bringing together every element to ensure your experience is exceptional. Soak up the vibrant atmosphere in our elegant spaces, dotted through Burj Al Arab Jumeirah from the atrium all the way to the skyline. While each restaurant is unique, each shares the ability to create flavour combinations that linger in your mind long after the meal is over.
 
To view our restaurants and bars at Burj Al Arab Jumeirah, click here.
Hotel policies & general Information
As a guest at Burj Al Arab Jumeirah, our policies are designed to enhance your stay and ensure maximum comfort and convenience throughout.
ID Policy upon check-in
Please be advised that all guests including children staying at Burj Al Arab Jumeirah are required to present valid identification upon check-in which may be either a passport or National ID.  UAE Nationals can check-in with either a passport, National ID or a valid UAE driving license.
Drones
Kindly note that Burj Al Arab Jumeirah has been identified as a no fly zone by Dubai Civil Aviation. Therefore, drones are prohibited by law around the premises and may be confiscated by authorities if seen in use, unless the required Dubai Civil Aviation permits are obtained.
Question:
In which city is the hotel Burj al-Arab, which markets itself as the world's first seven-star hotel?
Answer:
Dubai (city)
Passage:
By the Sleepy Lagoon
"By the Sleepy Lagoon" is a light orchestral valse serenade by British composer Eric Coates composed in 1930. In 1940, lyrics were added with Coates's approval by Jack Lawrence, and the resultant song "Sleepy Lagoon" became a popular music standard of the 1940s.[http://www.jacklawrencesongwriter.com/songs/sleepy_lagoon.html The Story Behind The Song], jacklawrencesongwriter.com, Retrieved 14 November 2010.

Coates had originally been inspired to write the piece in 1930 while overlooking a beach in West Sussex. His son, Austin Coates, remembers:

It was inspired in a very curious way and not by what you might expect. It was inspired by the view on a warm, still summer evening looking across the "lagoon" from the east beach at Selsey towards Bognor Regis. It's a pebble beach leading steeply down, and the sea at that time is an incredibly deep blue of the Pacific. It was that impression, looking across at Bognor, which looked pink — almost like an enchanted city with the blue of the Downs behind it — that gave him the idea for the Sleepy Lagoon. He didn't write it there; he scribbled it down, as he used to, at extreme speed, and then simply took it back with him to London where he wrote and orchestrated it.""Eric Coates in Sussex", [http://www.musicweb-international.com/coates/sussex.htm Transcript of The Enchanted Garden], BBC local radio programme, devised, scripted and produced by Ian Lace. Available on MusicWeb, Retrieved 14 November 2010.

The resultant piece is a slow waltz for full orchestra lasting roughly four minutes in duration. Michael Jameson suggests that the piece is "elegantly orchestrated" with "a shapely theme for violins presented in the salon-esque genre entirely characteristic of British light music in the 1920s and '30s".  In 1942, Coates's original orchestral version was chosen (with added seagulls) to introduce the BBC Home Service radio series Desert Island Discs, which it still does to this day on BBC Radio 4. 

"Sleepy Lagoon"

In early 1940, songwriter Jack Lawrence came across the piano solo version of "By the Sleepy Lagoon" and wrote a song lyric, then took it to Chappell, the publisher of Coates's original melody. The head of Chappell's New York office, Max Dreyfus, was concerned that this lyric had been added without consulting its famous British classical composer. Dreyfus warned Lawrence that Coates "may resent your tampering with his melody." Dreyfus also didn't think the melody belonged in the popular genre and that it was better suited to its original treatment as a light classical piece.

Later that year, Lawrence attempted to contact Coates in person. Britain was in the middle of World War II, and contrary to Dreyfus' fears, Coates thought the lyrics fitted so well that he retorted he could hardly believe it had been written to a pre-existing melody:

You have set the words to my music so cleverly that one would never suspect that the music had been written first!"
 
The resulting song was published as a collaboration of Lawrence and Coates. After Lawrence showed the song to bandleader Harry James, it was recorded for a major hit (again counter to Dreyfus' thoughts). The James recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 36549. It first reached the Billboard Best Seller chart on 17 April 1942 and lasted 18 weeks on the chart, peaking at number 1.

Other hit versions were recorded by Dinah Shore, David Rose, Fred Waring, Glenn Miller and others. A recording with Tom Jenkins and his Palm Court Orchestra was made in London on 15 March 1949. It was released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalogue number B 9768. Peter Kreuder, piano with rhythm recorded the tune in 1949. The song made the Billboard Hot 100 in 1960, in a version by the Platters, found originally on the flipside of the 1960 top ten "Harbor Lights".  A Khmer language version was apparently recorded in the 1960s.

In 2012, the musical piece became the main musical theme of the water fountain spectacle Aquanura at the Dutch theme park Efteling. Aquanura is the third largest permanent fountain show in the world and the largest in Europe. As the show is performed nightly on a large lake, the creaters used "By the Sleepy Lagoon" as an introduction and linking melody throughout the show. The musical piece was partly rearranged and rerecorded by the Dutch Brabant Orchestra especially for the show.
Question:
By the Sleepy Lagoon is the title tune to which famous radio programme?
Answer:
DESERT ISLAND DISCS
Passage:
beyond the pale - Wiktionary
beyond the pale - Wiktionary
beyond the pale
Etymology[ edit ]
From pale ‎(“jurisdiction of an authority, territory under an authority's jurisdiction”), suggesting that anything outside the authority's jurisdiction was uncivilized. The phrase was in use by the mid-17th century, and may be a reference to the general sense of boundary, but is often understood to refer specifically to the English Pale in Ireland. In the nominally English territory of Ireland, only the Pale fell genuinely under the authority of English law, hence the terms within the pale and beyond the pale. The boundary of the Ashdown Forest (a royal hunting forest) was also known as the Pale, consisting of a paled fence and a ditch inside, to allow deer to jump in, but not back out.
-
Used other than as an idiom: beyond the extent or limits (of the thing named).
1812, Edward William Grinfield, The Nature and Extent of the Christian Dispensation with Reference to the Salvability of the Heathen, page 35 ,
Are they to be placed like devils beyond the pale of all human charities, and to be denied all kindly and benevolent offices?
2000, Raechelle Rubinstein, Beyond the Realm of the Senses: The Balinese Ritual of Kakawin Composition, page 103 ,
[…] but he was essentially a lone traveller in areas beyond the pale of human society.
2012, David M. Emmons, Beyond the American Pale: The Irish in the West, 1845-1910, page 4 ,
That they had evinced no desire to be Britons, and had made manifest their aversion by holding tenaciously to their Catholicism, only confirmed the wisdom of their consignment beyond the pale.
2012, Tony Kushner, Kenneth Lunn, The Politics of Marginality: Race, the Radical Right and Minorities in Twentieth Century Britain, page 143 ,
In addition it calls into question the common assumption that the holocaust destroyed British anti-Semitism or at least pushed it beyond the pale of respectability.
2013, Heidi Ravven, The Self Beyond Itself: An Alternative History of Ethics, the New Brain Sciences, and the Myth of Free Will, unnumbered page ,
We can even discern the outlines of the hidden and disguised religious character of the argument, for the move that Broad makes is not so much to debate Spinoza but to put him beyond the pale of acceptable, legitimate philosophical opinion.
( idiomatic , of a behaviour or person) Outside the bounds of morality , acceptable behaviour or good judgement , etc.
Question:
"The phrase ""beyond the pale"" refers to the history of which country?"
Answer:
Irlanda
Passage:
Block Buster!
"Block Buster!" (also sometimes listed as "Blockbuster!") is a 1973 single by Sweet. Written by Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman, and produced by Phil Wainman, "Block Buster!" was the band's sole UK No. 1 hit. Released in January 1973, it spent five weeks at the top of the UK Singles Chart,  and also made #1 in the Netherlands, Germany, New Zealand, Austria and Ireland, and #3 in Finland, Switzerland, Denmark and Norway. Outside Europe it fared less well as it peaked at #29 in Australia and at #73 on the American Billboard Hot 100.

Charts

Music and lyrics

Its riff was considered markedly similar to fellow RCA act David Bowie's "The Jean Genie", released shortly before, but all parties maintain that this was pure coincidence. 

TV performances

Some controversy rose after the band's performance of the song on the British television program Top of the Pops at December 25, 1973. In this performance, Sweet's bassist Steve Priest wore a Swastika.
Question:
Who had a number one hit for six weeks in 1973 with 'Blockbuster'?
Answer:
Sweetening
Passage:
Caviinae
Caviinae is a subfamily uniting all living members of the family Caviidae with the exception of the maras, capybaras, and Kerodon.  The subfamily traditionally contained the guinea pig-like forms along with the cursorially adapted (running) Kerodon.  Molecular results suggest the Caviinae as so defined would be paraphyletic and Kerodon is more closely related to maras and capybaras than to other caviines.   This led Woods and Kilpatrick (2005) to unite Kerodon and capybaras into the subfamily Hydrochoerinae within the Caviidae. These studies also suggest  Microcavia and Cavia are more closely related to one another than either is to Galea.

Genera and species

*Subfamily Caviinae
**†Neoprocavia
**†Allocavia
**†Palaeocavia
**†Neocavia
**†Dolicavia
**†Macrocavia
**†Caviops
**†Pascualia
**Galea - yellow-toothed cavies
***Galea flavidens - Brandt's yellow-toothed cavy (may be an invalid species)
***Galea monasteriensis - Muenster yellow-toothed cavy
***Galea musteloides - common yellow-toothed cavy
***Galea spixii - Spix's yellow-toothed cavy
**Microcavia - mountain cavies
***Microcavia australis - southern mountain cavy
***Microcavia niata - Andean mountain cavy
***Microcavia shiptoni - Shipton's mountain cavy
**Cavia - guinea pigs
***Cavia aperea - Brazilian guinea pig
***Cavia fulgida - shiny guinea pig
***Cavia intermedia - intermediate guinea pig
***Cavia magna - greater guinea pig
***Cavia porcellus - domestic guinea pig
***Cavia tschudii - montane guinea pig
Question:
What is the common name for a cavy?
Answer:
Guinea Pig
Passage:
Agadoo
"Agadoo" is a novelty song recorded by the band Black Lace in 1984. "Agadoo" peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart,  and spent 30 weeks in the top 75. It went on to become the eighth best-selling single of 1984 in the UK, despite being banned on BBC Radio 1 because it "was not credible".

In a survey for dotmusic in 2000, respondents voted "Agadoo" as the fourth most annoying song of all time.  In a poll for Q magazine in 2003, a panel of music writers voted "Agadoo" as the worst song of all time, saying: "It sounded like the school disco you were forced to attend, your middle-aged relatives forming a conga at a wedding party, a travelling DJ act based in Wolverhampton, every party cliche you ever heard."  The panel also described it as "magnificently dreadful".

Origins and recording

The song's origins date back to 1971, when Michel Delancray and Mya Symille recorded it as "Agadou" in French.   It had been written based on a tune that had apparently come from Morocco.  Club Med used it as their theme song from 1974.  It was covered by several artists and groups, including Patrick Zabé in 1975 and the Saragossa Band (a German group) in 1981. 

The Black Lace group was made up during its heyday by the duo of performers Dene Michael and Alan Barton. One of the early versions of the song became popular in a Derby nightclub called Gossips, with the bar staff making a novelty dance; when Black Lace performed at the club in 1981, they learnt the dance and recorded their own version, which was the first version in English. This was verified on BBC Radio Derby in 2006.

Black Lace's version of the song was produced by Neil Ferguson at his Woodlands studio under the direction of John Wagstaff and arranged by Barry Whitfield.

Formats and track listings

;UK 1984 7" single
# "Agadoo" 3:07
# "Fiddling" 2:14

;UK 1984 12" single
# "Agadoo" (Extended Version) 4:49
# "Superman" (X Rated Version) 3:44
# "Fiddling" 2:14

;UK 2007 CD single
# "Agadoo 206 Mix"

Charts

Chart performance 

Despite being banned on BBC Radio 1 because it "was not credible", the track proved to be a commercial hit. In the UK Singles Chart, "Agadoo" debuted at number 86 on 20 May 1984. The song didn't enter the top 40 until the end of July, then peaking at number 38. In its fourth week in the top 40, "Agadoo" reached number 2, with George Michael's "Careless Whisper" holding it off the top spot. By early November, the song was still in the top 40, but it fell out after the first week in that month. By 13 January 1985, its last appearance in the chart, "Agadoo" had spent 35 weeks in the top 100. It was revealed to be the eighth best-selling single of 1984 around that time. Fourteen years after its original release, the song was remixed and re-released. It re-entered the top 100 at number 64 on 16 August 1998, but only stayed in the chart for a week.

The song has found success in other countries as well, such as Ireland, New Zealand and France. In the Irish Singles Chart, the song peaked at number 5, but only spent 5 weeks in the charts overall. "Agadoo" spent a longer 11 weeks in the New Zealand Singles Chart, debuting at number 37 on 21 October 1984 and hitting a peak of number 9 in its sixth week. The song fell out the chart quite abruptly, falling 25 places to number 44 in its final appearance in the chart before falling out completely. In the French Singles Chart, the song peaked at number 48 in its first and only week on 17 November 1984.

Weekly charts 

Year-end charts 

Parodies and derivative versions

Black Lace themselves recorded an X-rated version of the song entitled "Have a Screw", which was written by Black Lace members Alan Barton and [http://www.reverbnation.com/colingibbblacklace Colin Gibb] and released on the B-side of the 12-inch vinyl "Gang Bang". 

The Australian satirical TV series CNNNN ran a fake cross-promotion for Agadoo: The Musical.

In 1986, the song was parodied in "The Chicken Song" by the satirical television programme Spitting Image.  The track's composer Philip Pope had previously parodied the song as "Shagadoo" in Radio Active.

The song was also used as the basis of a chant by fans of Liverpool for defender Daniel Agger.

Anarchist band Chumbawamba recorded a version of "Agadoo" for the Peel Sessions. The producer of the Black Lace version, Neil Ferguson, was also Chumbawamba's regular producer at the time and later a full member of the band. 

It was parodied in a Vanilla Mini Wheats commercial in 2006 and by The Maynards in 2013, who recorded a bluegrass version of the song.

In November 2009, Black Lace recorded a version called "Agadir" to promote a new air service by easyJet from Gatwick airport to Agadir.

2007 and 2009 re-releases

In August 2007, the "Agadoo 206 Mix" was released as the song was used in a TV ad to promote Peugeot's new 206 car. The song hit the UK charts. Black Lace members [http://www.reverbnation.com/colingibbblacklace Colin Gibb] and Rob Hopcraft then used the song for a special charity 'Agadoo Day'.
On 20 March 2009, it was announced that the song was being released in a new version by Dene Michael from Black Lace's original lineup and new member Ian Robinson. A video for the release, titled "Agadoo" (Mambo 2009 remix), was directed by Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby-Brown in television soap opera Coronation Street. He also appears in the video, along with Kevin Kennedy, who played Curly Watts in the same programme.
Question:
Which duo had a Number Two hit in 1984 with Agadoo?
Answer:
Black Lace (disambiguation)
Passage:
Annie Awards | Variety
Annie Awards | Variety
Annie Awards
Disney Animation’s “Zootopia” narrowly slipped by Laika’s stop-motion “Kubo and the Two Strings” to lead the 44th Annie Awards nominations. Disney’s animal-filled hit drew 11 nods while “Kubo”…
Share This Article
ASIFA-Hollywood is calling for entries for the 44th annual Annie Awards. Submissions will be accepted until 5 p.m. PT on Oct. 31. through the online submission portal. There are nine production…
Share This Article
Joy was the primary emotion felt by Pixar after “Inside Out,” its heart-tugging journey through the mind of an 11-year-old girl, took home the top prize at the 43rd Annie Awards on Saturday night. In…
Share This Article
The 43rd Annie Awards are turning to pairs of presenters rather than a traditional host for its awards ceremony on Saturday, Feb. 6, at Royce Hall on the campus of UCLA. Comedy duo Garfunkel & Oates…
Share This Article
It’s the Year of the dragon, as DreamWorks Animation’s “How to Train Your Dragon 2” took home the top prize at the  at the 42nd annual Annie Awards honoring the best in film and TV/broadcast…
Share This Article
Question:
For which type of entertainment are 'Annies' awarded?
Answer:
Western animation
Passage:
FIRST U.S. MISSILES ARRIVE BY PLANE AT A BRITISH BASE ...
FIRST U.S. MISSILES ARRIVE BY PLANE AT A BRITISH BASE - NYTimes.com
FIRST U.S. MISSILES ARRIVE BY PLANE AT A BRITISH BASE
By JON NORDHEIMER
Published: November 15, 1983
Text of Briton's statement, page A14.
LONDON, Nov. 14 - American- made cruise missiles arrived today at an air base in England, the British Government announced. They are the first of NATO's new generation of medium- range missiles to be deployed in Western Europe.
Britain's Defense Secretary, Michael Heseltine, told a deeply divided House of Commons that the shipment, delivered to Greenham Common air base by a United States plane, meant that an unspecified number of cruise missiles would be operational on schedule by the end of the year.
Shouting to make himself heard over howls of protest from opposition legislators, he said, ''I have to inform the House that earlier today the first cruise missiles were delivered by air.''
'Reckless Cynicism' Charged
Neil Kinnock, the Labor Party leader, accused the Government of ''reckless cynicism'' in permitting deployment while the Soviet Union and the United States are continuing arms negotiations in Geneva.
''The installation of cruise weapons makes Britain a more dangerous place today than it was yesterday,'' Mr. Kinnock said. ''It increases the risk for our country without contributing to the defense of the country.''
Antiwar groups in Britain said tonight that the deployment at Greenham Common would open a new round of protest demonstrations and actions against the missiles.
For her part, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher discussed the missiles' arrival in a speech at the Lord Mayor's banquet in London, saying, ''It is our destiny to be living at a time when there exist weapons of war of a dimension hitherto unknown.''
Arrival Reported in Soviet
The Soviet press reported briefly and without commentary the arrival of the missiles in Britain. Soviet leaders have said that the new American missiles scheduled for deployment across Western Europe would make a continuation of the arms negotiations with the United States in Geneva impossible. But diplomats in Moscow noted that the last statement by Yuri V. Andropov, the Soviet leader, was ambivalent on whether bringing missiles into Europe or actually deploying them would be cause for a Soviet walkout. (Page A15.)
The arrival of the missiles at Greenham Common, a Royal Air Force base used by the United States about 50 miles west of London in the heart of Berkshire, came two weeks after the House of Commons, after a heated debate, voted overwhelmingly to go ahead with deployment. The delivery of mobile launchers and other components of the cruise system began immediately.
Next week, the West German Parliament is to hold its debate on the stationing of the American missiles. The Government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl has a comfortable parliamentary majority that is expected to approve deployment of the systems, which are scheduled to be operational by Dec. 15.
The cruise missiles delivered to Britain today are among 41 weapons that are to be deployed in initial deliveries to Britain, Italy and West Germany by the first of next year. By then, both Britain and Italy are to receive 16 cruise missiles, while West Germany is to receive nine Pershing 2 ballistic missiles.   572 Missiles by 1988
The 41 weapons are the first of 572 cruise and Pershing missiles that are to be deployed by 1988. All of the Pershing 2's will go to West Germany; the additional cruise missiles will be deployed not only in Britain and Italy but also in Belgium and the Netherlands.
The arrival of the missiles came after 3 years and 11 months of efforts by the North Atlantic allies to get the Soviet Union to agree to remove the SS-20 medium-range missiles it placed on its frontiers in the late 1970's. According to figures given to Parliament today by Mr. Heseltine, the Russians have increased the number of SS-20's confronting Europe from 81 in 1979 to 252 today. The United States Air Force puts the current total at more than 260.
West Germany is scheduled to begin deploying the first components of 108 Pershing 2 ballistic missiles later this month and Italy is preparing sites for the first of the 112 cruise missiles it has agreed to take. Deployment of a total of 96 cruise missiles by the Netherlands and Belguium is still contingent on final approval by the governments of those countries and will not take place until a year or more after most of the missiles in Britain, Germany and Italy are operational.
The cruise missile is essentially a small, pilotless aircraft that carries an explosive warhead, conventional or nuclear. It is called a cruise missile because it cruises like an airplane rather than being fired into a trajectory like a ballistic missile.
Powered by Light Engine
It has a navigational system and is powered by a light turbofan engine rather than by the rockets that drive ballistic missiles, and has a range of 1,500 miles. The Pershing 2, by comparison, is a ballistic missile with a range of 1,100 miles. Soviet officials have made clear that they are more concerned about the Pershings, with their great accuracy and speed, than with the slower, ground-hugging cruise.
1
Question:
Where in Berkshire were Britain's first Cruise missiles based
Answer:
RAF Greenham Common
Passage:
Anton Geesink
Antonius Johannes "Anton" Geesink (April 6, 1934 – August 27, 2010) was a Dutch 10th-dan judoka from Utrecht. He was a two-time World Judo Champion (1961 and 1965), Olympic Gold Medalist (1964) and won 21 European championships.

Judo career

Geesink first participated in the European Championships in 1951, and placed second in his category. The following year, he won his first European title. Through to 1967, twenty more European titles followed.

At the 1956 World Championships, Geesink was eliminated in the semi-finals against Yoshihiko Yoshimatsu.  At the 1961 World Championships, Geesink, then 5th dan,  became World Champion in the open class, defeating the Japanese champion Koji Sone. Japanese judokas had won all the World Championship titles contested up to that point.

Judo debuted as an official sport at the 1964 Summer Olympics, which were held in the sport's home country, Japan. Although Japan dominated three of the four weight divisions (light, middle and heavy), Anton Geesink won the final of the open weight division, defeating Akio Kaminaga in front of his home crowd.  

After winning the 1965 World Championships and a last European title in 1967, Geesink quit competitive judo.

Anton Geesink was one of the few 10th Dan grade judoka (jūdan) recognized by the IJF but not by Kodokan at that rank. Promotions from 6th to 10th Dan are awarded for services to the sport of judo. In 2010 there are three living 10th dan grade judoka (jūdan) recognized by Kodokan: Toshiro Daigo, Ichiro Abe and Yoshimi Osawa. The Kodokan has not awarded the 10th Dan to anybody outside Japan.

Professional wrestling career

In October 1973, All Japan Pro Wrestling owner Giant Baba recruited Anton Geesink to join AJPW. Baba sent him to Amarillo, TX and Dory Funk Jr. and Terry Funk trained him for a month. He worked for All Japan from 1973 to 1978, as a popular part-timer.

Geesink's notable professional wrestling opponents included Bruno Sammartino, Gorilla Monsoon, Dick Murdoch, Dory Funk Jr., Bobby Duncum, Bob Remus (Sgt. Slaughter), Don Leo Jonathan, and Jumbo Tsuruta.

International Olympic Committee work

In 1987, he became a member of the board of the Dutch National Olympic Committee, and a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).

Geesink was among the IOC members suspected of accepting bribes during the scandal surrounding the election of Salt Lake City as the host of the 2002 Winter Olympics. Geesink's name was cleared by the IOC which nevertheless issued him a warning for the appearance of a conflict of interest which could have damaged the reputation of the IOC.

Honors

Geesink was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure by the Japanese government in 1997.  

His home town of Utrecht has a street named after him — which is the street he lived on for some time up until his death in August 2010.

On January 29, 2000, he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Kokushikan University, a Japanese university known for its sport education and of which four alumni are Olympic gold medalists in judo, with the following praise: 

ヘーシンク氏は、一九六四年東京オリンピックにおいて、柔道無差別級で外国人選手として初めて金メダルを獲得し、その後、武道精神をもって国際平和に貢献するとともにオランダ・日本両国民の文化交流・友好関係の促進に努め、また柔道を教育学や生体学的角度から研究し、その普及発展のために尽力された。
武道の精神を重視する本大学は、柔道の国際的普及における同氏の功績を讃え、国士舘大学名誉博士の学位を贈呈した。

At the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, Mr. Geesink won the gold medal in the open class as the first non-Japanese. Since then, with the spirit of budō, he has contributed to the international peace and promoted the cultural exchange and friendship between the people of the Netherlands and of Japan. Furthermore, he explored judo in light of education and somatology and has been devoted to its diffusion and development. To honor his contribution to the worldwide diffusion of judo, this university, as a body which prizes the spirit of budō, awarded him an honorary doctorate of Kokushikan University.

Books published

*"Judo: based on social aspects and biomechanical principles, divided in two parts: judo as an Olympic sport, traditional judo", Kokushikan University Publishing, 2000
Question:
Anton Geesink represented which country in Judo between 1951 and 1967, winning 21 European titles, was World Champion in 1961 in the open class, and won gold in the open weight division at the 1964 Summer Olympics?
Answer:
NETHERLANDS
Passage:
Tinikling
Tinikling is a traditional Philippine dance which originated during the Spanish colonial era.  The dance involves two people beating, tapping, and sliding bamboo poles on the ground and against each other in coordination with one or more dancers who step over and in between the poles in a dance. It is traditionally danced to rondalla music, a sort of serenade played by an ensemble of stringed instruments which originated in Spain during the Middle Ages.

History 

The name "tinikling" is a reference to birds locally known as tikling, which can be any of a number of rail species; the term tinikiling literally means "tikling-like." 

The dance originated in Leyte, an island in the Visayas in the central Philippines. It imitates the movement of the tikling birds as they walk between grass stems, run over tree branches, or dodge bamboo traps set by rice farmers. Dancers imitate the tikling bird's legendary grace and speed by skillfully maneuvering between large bamboo poles. 

Legend has it that tinikling originated during the Spanish rule of the Philippines, when natives worked on large plantations under the control of the King of Spain. Those who didn't work productively were punished by standing between two bamboo poles, some of which were adorned with thorns . To avoid being clapped in the ankles by the sticks, the natives would jump in and out of the sticks as they neared their feet. Thus, the movements of the dance were created  This however, is a mere legend and has no historical basis.

Today tinikling is taught throughout the United States. In grades K-12 the dance is used as an aerobic exercise for physical education classes, to help expand physical movements such as hand coordination, foot speed, and also rhythm. Tinikling is commonly performed on special occasions such as the Filipino Independence Day as a celebration of Filipino culture and Filipino pride.
 

The dance 

The bamboo is used as a percussive instrument as it is banged against the ground (or a piece of wood to make it easier to hold) and each other in a pattern. The bamboo has to be closed hard enough to make a sound, and the dancers must be quick enough to not get their foot (or feet) caught. As the dance continues, the banging of the bamboo becomes faster and harder, the sound of the clashing bamboo and the quickness of feet demonstrated by the dancers thrilling the crowd.

For this traditional folk dance, females wear a dress called balintawak or patadyong, and males wear an untucked embroidered shirt called the barong tagalog. The balintawak are colorful dresses with wide arched sleeves and the patadyong is a pineapple fiber blouse paired with checkered skirts. The barong Tagalog uniform is usually lightweight long sleeved shirts and worn with red trousers. Dancers wear no footwear while performing. 

When performed by dance troupes or in cultural shows, Tinikling is typically performed in the "Rural Suite," which includes dances originating from Filipino Christians that have a more "folksy" character.  These dances originae mostly from the islands of Visayas and Luzon and imitate the simplicity and joy of the lifestyle of the Filipino villagers living in those regions.  Other filipino folk dances of this category include Sayaw sa Bangko, Maglalatik, and Pandanggo sa Ilaw.

In the United States, this dance has been altered into a four-beat rhythm to adjust to popular music. In some cases, it has been used in conjunction with traditional Filipino martial arts to demonstrate fleetness of foot and flow of movement.  As mentioned earlier, tinikling is used as aerobic exercise for physical education classes in the United States for grades K-12. Instead of using traditional bamboo poles, most schools create their poles using plastic PVC pipe or wooden dowels.  Another alternative is to tie elastic bands to the ankles of two students. The two students switch between jumping with their feet apart and their feet together to simulate the movement of the wooden poles. This way, more students are engaged in the aerobic exercise, rather than just the dancer. 

Similar dances are found throughout Asia, such as the Cheraw dance from India, Múa Sạp from Vietnam, Lao Kra Top Mai from Thailand, Robam Kom Araek from Cambodia, Karen or Chin Bamboo Dance from Myanmar, Alai Sekap in Brunei, Ami Bamboo Dance from Taiwan, and Magunatip from Sabah, East Malaysia.

Vicente I. De Veyra compiled tinikling music in his book, Mga Ambahan.
Question:
The Tinikling, a dance using bamboo poles, is the (or a) main national dance of which 7,000-island nation?
Answer:
Islas Filipinas
Passage:
Yummy Yummy Yummy
"Yummy Yummy Yummy" is a bubblegum pop song by Arthur Resnick and Joey Levine, first recorded by Ohio Express in 1968. Their version reached No. 4 on the U.S. Pop Singles chart[http://www.allmusic.com/artist/ohio-express-p13851/charts-awards/billboard-singles Ohio Express charting singles] Retrieved October 14, 2011 in June and No. 5 on the UK Singles Chart. It has since been covered by many artists. Ohio Express was a studio concoction and none of the "official" members appear on the record. Joey Levine sang lead vocals.

Joey Levine sang "Yummy Yummy Yummy" live for the first time ever in Henderson, Tennessee at the Caravan Of Stars XV, on May 17, 2008.

In the years since it was a hit, the song has become a standard. In Time Magazine's 2011 list of top 10 songs with silly lyrics it ranked No. 8.[http://entertainment.time.com/2011/03/16/top-10-songs-with-silly-lyrics/slide/the-ohio-express-yummy-yummy-yummy Top 10 Songs with Silly Lyrics] Retrieved March 2, 2014 It ranked No. 2 in Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs. It has been used in a commercial for Kinder chocolate, in The Simpsons in the episode "Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie", in Monty Python's Flying Circus in the episode "How Not to Be Seen" (facetiously credited to "Jackie Charlton and the Toenails"), in Futurama in the episode "Saturday Morning Fun Pit", and in the "Last McSupper" scene of the film Super Size Me.  The song also makes an appearance in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2. 

Chart performance

Cover versions

*Giorgio Moroder released a version as single a-side in 1968 (as Giorgio).
*Baccara recorded a Euro Pop version in the 1970s.
Julie London recorded a cover for her album Yummy Yummy Yummy in 1970
Question:
Who had a hit in 1968 with Yummy Yummy Yummy
Answer:
State of Ohio
Passage:
Wilkins Micawber
Wilkins Micawber is a fictional character from Charles Dickens's 1850 novel, David Copperfield.  He was modelled on Dickens' father, John Dickens, who like Micawber was incarcerated in debtors' prison (the King's Bench Prison) after failing to meet his creditors' demands.

Micawber's long-suffering wife, Emma, stands by him despite his financial exigencies that force her to pawn all of her family's heirlooms.  She lives by the maxims, "I will never desert Mr. Micawber!" and "Experientia does it!" (from Experientia docet, "One learns by experience.")
 
Micawber is hired as a clerk by the scheming Uriah Heep, who assumes wrongly that Micawber's debts arise from dishonesty.  But working for Heep allows Micawber to expose his boss as a forger and a cheat. To start anew, Micawber and his family emigrate to Australia with Daniel Peggotty and Little Em'ly, where Micawber becomes manager of the Port Middlebay Bank and a successful government magistrate.

In Hablot Knight Browne's illustrations for the first edition, Micawber is shown wearing knee-breeches, a top hat, and a monocle.

Popular culture

Micawber is known for asserting his faith that "something will turn up".  His name has become synonymous with someone who lives in hopeful expectation.  This has formed the basis for the Micawber Principle, based upon his observation:

"Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen pounds nineteen and six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds nought and six, result misery." - (Chapter 12)

[The amounts quoted are equivalent to £20, £19 97½p and £20 2½p, in the United Kingdom's present, decimal, currency.]

The character was played by W.C. Fields in the 1935 screen classic, Personal History, Adventures, Experience, and Observation of David Copperfield the Younger.  Bob Hoskins took the role in a 1999 BBC serial.

Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones named one of his guitars (an early 1950s Fender Telecaster with a Gibson PAF humbucking pickup installed in the neck position) "Micawber". Richards is known to be a fan of Dickens. Of the unusual moniker attached to the instrument, Richards said, "There's no reason for my guitar being called Micawber, apart from the fact that it's such an unlikely name. There's no one around me called Micawber, so when I scream for Micawber everyone knows what I'm talking about."

In addition, the character formed the basis of Micawber, a 2001 ITV drama series written by John Sullivan and starring David Jason in the title leading role.

In the U.S. Supreme Court opinion of Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 562 (2007), Justice Souter criticized the court below for an approach to pleading that "would dispense with any showing of a reasonably founded hope that a plaintiff would be able to make a case; Mr. Micawber's optimism would be enough." (quotations and citations omitted).

Entry into general English

The character of Wilkins Micawber has given rise to the English noun "Micawber" and the adjectives "Micawberish" and "Micawberesque". The Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines a Micawber as "one who is poor but lives in optimistic expectation of better fortune".  Judge David Halpern described Craig Whyte's legal arguments in a case heard in 2013 as "pure Micawberism". 

Quotations

Besides the Micawber Principle, Micawber is notable for a number of memorable quotations:
* I have no doubt I shall, please Heaven, begin to be more beforehand with the world, and to live in a perfectly new manner, if -if, in short, anything turns up. - (Chapter 1)
* Every happiness and prosperity! If, in the progress of revolving years, I could persuade myself that my blighted destiny had been a warning to you, I should feel that I had not occupied another man's place altogether in vain. - (Chapter 12)
* You HEEP of infamy! - (Chapter 52)
* I trust that the labour and hazard of an investigation -of which the smallest results have been slowly pieced together, in the pressure of arduous avocations, under grinding penurious apprehensions, at rise of morn, at dewy eve, in the shadows of night, under the watchful eye of one whom it were superfluous to call Demon, combined with the struggle of parental Poverty to turn it, when completed, to the right account, may be as the sprinkling of a few drops of sweet water on my funeral pyre.  I ask no more. Let it be, in justice, merely said of me, as of a gallant and eminent Naval Hero, with whom I have no pretensions to cope, that what I have done, I did, in despite of mercenary and selfish objectives, "FOR ENGLAND, HOME AND BEAUTY." Remaining always, &c, &c, Wilkins Micawber.
* Welcome poverty!..Welcome misery, welcome houselessness, welcome hunger, rags, tempest, and beggary! Mutual confidence will sustain us to the end!

Film and television portrayals

Quotations from the 1935 film

*Boy, as I have frequently had occasion to observe: "When the stomach is empty, the spirits are low!"
* Remember my motto "Nil Desperandum! -Never despair!"

Quotation from the BBC TV/Masterpiece Theatre production

* (featuring Bob Hoskins as Micawber) "I could not depart this metropolis without paying a valedictory visit to my dear friend Copperfield, in whose debt I shall forever remain (I speak metaphorically of course!)"

Sources

* Bloom, Harold. (1992) David Copperfield (Major Literary Characters Series). New York: Chelsea House Publishers.
* Hawes, Donald. (2002) Who's Who in Dickens. 2nd. ed. London: Routledge 
* Oddie, W. (1967) "Mr. Micawber and the redefinition of experience." The Dickensian 63:109.
Question:
What was the first name of Dickens' 'Mr. Micawber'?
Answer:
Wilkin
Passage:
Mary Had a Little Lamb
"Mary Had a Little Lamb" is an English language nursery rhyme of nineteenth-century American origin. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7622.

Background

The nursery rhyme was first published by the Boston publishing firm Marsh, Capen & Lyon, as an original poem by Sarah Josepha Hale on May 24, 1830, and was inspired by an actual incident. 

As a young girl, Mary Sawyer (later Mary Tyler) kept a pet lamb that she took to school one day at the suggestion of her brother.  A commotion naturally ensued. Mary recalled: "Visiting school that morning was a young man by the name of John Roulstone, a nephew of the Reverend Lemuel Capen, who was then settled in Sterling. It was the custom then for students to prepare for college with ministers, and for this purpose Roulstone was studying with his uncle. The young man was very much pleased with the incident of the lamb; and the next day he rode across the fields on horseback to the little old schoolhouse and handed me a slip of paper which had written upon it the three original stanzas of the poem..." 

There are two competing theories on the origin of this poem.  One holds that Roulstone wrote the first four lines and that the final twelve lines, less childlike than the first, were composed by Sarah Josepha Hale; the other is that Hale was responsible for the entire poem. 

Mary Sawyer's house, located in Sterling, Massachusetts, was destroyed by arson on August 12, 2007.   A statue representing Mary's Little Lamb stands in the town center.  The Redstone School, which was built in 1798, was purchased by Henry Ford and relocated to a churchyard on the property of Longfellow's Wayside Inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts.

The rhyme is also famous for being the first thing recorded by Thomas Edison on his newly invented phonograph in 1877. It was the first instance of recorded verse. In 1927, Edison reenacted the recording, which still survives.  The earliest recording (1878) was retrieved by 3-D imaging equipment in 2012. 

Blues musicians Buddy Guy and Stevie Ray Vaughan both popularized the song in their own albums: Guy composing his own bluesy version of the song for his album A Man and the Blues in 1968 and Vaughan covering Guy's version in his 1983 debut album, Texas Flood, with both also infusing the first four lines of the nursery rhyme, "A-Tisket, A-Tasket", into the song. In 1972, Paul McCartney released a version of the song. Just as he had done with the 16th-century poem Golden Slumbers which was released on The Beatles' Abbey Road LP in 1969, he added his own melody to the lyrics. The single was a top 20 hit in Britain although both the choice for and the saccharine arrangement of "Mary Had a Little Lamb" did much to erode his standing with leading rock journalists. McCartney played the song during Wings' 1972 summer tour and it was included in the Spring 1973 James Paul McCartney television special. It is commercially available on the 1993 CD issue of the Wings Wild Life LP.

Text

In the 1830s, Lowell Mason set the nursery rhyme to a melody adding repetition in the verses:

Mary had a little lamb,
His fleece was white as snow,
And everywhere that Mary went,
The lamb was sure to go.

He followed her to school one day,
Which was against the rule,
It made the children laugh and play
To see a lamb at school.

And so the teacher turned it out,
But still it lingered near,
And waited patiently about,
Till Mary did appear.

"Why does the lamb love Mary so?"
The eager children cry.
"Why, Mary loves the lamb, you know,"
The teacher did reply. 

Media

Note: This melody is the British version, which is slightly different from the American version.
Question:
According to the nursery rhyme, whose lamb followed her to school?
Answer:
Mary (album)
Passage:
Soleirolia
Soleirolia soleirolii (,  syn. Helxine soleirolii) is a plant in the nettle family.  It has a number of common names, including baby's tears, angel's tears, mind-your-own-business, peace-in-the-home, pollyanna vine, polly prim, mother of thousands,  and the Corsican curse. It has also been called Irish moss; however, it is not a moss, nor should it be confused with Sagina subulata or Chondrus crispus (an alga), which are also known as "Irish moss". 

Description

It is a delicate-looking creeping herb with juicy bright green or yellow leaves and multitudes of tiny white flowers. It grows close to the ground in mats and is sometimes used in ornamental gardens alongside ferns and other moisture-loving types of plant.

The leaves are usually slightly stalked, about 5 mm across. The minute flowers produce oval seeds. 

Distribution

This species is native to the northern Mediterranean region in and around Italy and nearby islands, but it has been introduced and cultivated nearly worldwide as an ornamental and garden plant. 

Habitat

It can be grown indoors as a houseplant and used in habitats for amphibians. It prefers shade and moderate moisture. It can even grow submersed in swampy environments.  In colder regions the plant dies back during winter, but it returns with lush growth as the temperature increases. It is capable of vegetative reproduction, so to eradicate it once it has become established in an area, the entire plant must be removed, or else it can sprout new growth. It is a common weed in many places.  Nurseries grow several varieties, including gold, yellow, and white breeds, but the mossy-green type is most popular with gardeners.

This species, the only member of the monotypic genus, Soleirolia,  was named after Joseph-François Soleirol by Esprit Requien. Soleirol, an amateur botanist, originally collected the plant in Corsica.
Question:
The plant soleirolia soleirolii of the nettle family has a number of common names, including baby's tears, angel's tears, mind-your-own-business, peace-in-the-home, pollyanna vine, the Corsican curse, Irish moss and which other?
Answer:
Mother of thousands
Passage:
1998 Winter Olympics
The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially the , was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7 to 22 February 1998 in Nagano, Japan.

72 nations and 2,176 participants contested in 7 sports and 68 events at 15 venues. The Games saw the introduction of women's ice hockey, curling and snowboarding. National Hockey League players were allowed to participate in the men's ice hockey.

The host was selected on June 15, 1991, over Salt Lake City, Östersund, Jaca and Aosta. They were the third Olympic Games and second winter Olympics to be held in Japan, after the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. Nagano is so far the southernmost city to host a Winter Olympics, next to Squaw Valley, host of the 1960 Winter Olympics. The games were succeeded by the 1998 Winter Paralympics from 5 to 14 March. These were the final Winter Olympic Games under the IOC Presidency of  Juan Antonio Samaranch.

Host city selection

Other candidate cities for the 1998 Olympics were Aosta, Italy; Jaca, Spain; Östersund, Sweden; and Salt Lake City, United States. The host city selection was held in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 15 June 1991, at the 97th IOC session. Nagano prevailed over Salt Lake City by just 4 votes. In June 1995, Salt Lake was chosen as the host of the following 2002 Winter Olympics.

Mascots

Sukki, Nokki, Lekki and Tsukki, also known as the Snowlets are the 1998 Winter Olympic mascots and are four snowy owls. They represent respectively fire (Sukki), air (Nokki), earth (Lekki) and water (Tsukki) and together they represent the four major islands of Japan.

Highlights

Bjørn Dæhlie won 3 gold medals in cross-country skiing, making him the Winter Olympic competitor with the most wins ever. Alpine skier Hermann Maier survived a fall in the downhill and went on to win gold in the super-G and giant slalom. Netherlands won 5 of the 10 speed skating events, including 2 each by Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer. Canada beat Denmark in the women's curling final, securing the latter their first Winter Olympic medal ever.

* Women's ice hockey was contested at the Olympic Games for the first time ever, and the United States beat the Canadians 3–1 for the gold medal. United States went undefeated in the women's tournament. The Czech Republic defeated Russia by a score of 1–0 for the men's gold medal, while Finland won both the men's and women's bronze medals for ice hockey.
* Cross-country skier Bjørn Dæhlie of Norway won three gold medals in Nordic skiing to become the first winter Olympian to earn eight career gold medals and twelve total medals.
* Curling returned as an official sport, after having been demoted to a demonstration event after the inaugural Winter Games in Chamonix in 1924.
* Snowboarding debuted as an official sport.
* Players from the NHL were able to compete in men's ice hockey due to a three-week suspension of the NHL season.
* Tara Lipinski, 15, narrowly beat Michelle Kwan in women's figure skating to become the youngest champion in an individual event in the history of the Winter Olympics.
* Alpine skier Hermann Maier (Austria) survived a fall in the downhill and went on to gold in the super-g and giant slalom.
* Speed skaters Gianni Romme and Marianne Timmer won two gold medals each for the Netherlands; 5 out of 10 titles in speed skating went to the Netherlands.
* Snowboarder Ross Rebagliati (Canada) won the gold medal, after initially being disqualified for testing positive for marijuana.
* Azerbaijan, Kenya, the Republic of Macedonia, Uruguay, and Venezuela made their first appearance at the Olympic Winter Games.
* Denmark won their first winter Olympic medal (and only one to date) when they won a silver medal in the women's curling event.
* Australia won their first individual Winter Olympic medal when Zali Steggall won bronze in the women's slalom.

Events

There were 68 events contested in 7 sports (14 disciplines).

*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*

Venues

Hakuba
*Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium: Nordic combined (ski jumping), Ski jumping
*Happo'one Resort: Alpine skiing (Downhill, Super G, combined)
*Snow Harp, Kamishiro: Cross-country skiing, Nordic combined (cross-country skiing)

Iizuna
*Iizuna Kogen Ski Area: Freestyle skiing
*Spiral, Asakawa: Bobsleigh, Luge

Karuizawa
*Kazakoshi Park Arena: Curling

Nagano
*Minami Nagano Sports Park: Ceremonies (opening/ closing)
*Aqua Wing Arena: Ice hockey
*Big Hat: Ice hockey (final)
*M-Wave: Speed skating
*White Ring: Figure skating, Short track speed skating

Nozawaonsen:
*Nozawa Onsen Ski Resort: Biathlon

Yamanouchi
*Mount Higashidate: Alpine skiing (giant slalom)
*Mount Yakebitai, Shiga Kogen Resort: Alpine skiing (slalom), Snowboarding (giant slalom)
*Kanbayashi Snowboard Park: Snowboarding (Half-Pipe)

Calendar

Medal count

(Host nation is highlighted.)

Participating National Olympic Committees

72 nations participated in the 1998 Winter Olympic Games. The nations Azerbaijan, Kenya, Macedonia, Uruguay, and Venezuela participated in their first Winter Olympic Games.

The following 13 countries registered to take part, but eventually did not send a team. 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
*
Question:
Which country hosted the 1998 Winter Olympic Games?
Answer:
日本國
Passage:
100m Olympics history - from Jesse Owens to Usain Bolt ...
100m Olympics history - from Jesse Owens to Usain Bolt | Daily Mail Online
comments
The men’s 100 metres final has been the blue riband event at every Olympic Games, generating the greatest hype and excitement.
It is an event done and dusted in 10 seconds or less, but it carries a great history and dozens of stories.
Times have tumbled over the decades, with Jim Hines the first athlete to run under ten seconds in an Olympic final in 1968.
History men: Jesse Owens (left) was the golden boy in 1936, while Usain Bolt ruled in 2008
But the advance from cinder to rubberized artificial tracks, the advent of hi-tech running spikes and kits, and the fact that Olympic sprinters now devote their entire year to training help to ever lower records.
We will have to wait and see if the current world record of 9.58 seconds, held by Usain Bolt, will be bettered in London.
But in the meantime, enjoy these video clips of every Olympic 100m final from Berlin in 1936 to the last Olympics in Beijing.
 
2008 Beijing - Usain Bolt (Jamaica) 9.69
The uncatchable Bolt smashes the world and Olympic records and is so far ahead with 30 metres to go, he cruises over the finish line before celebrating in trademark fashion.
2004 Athens - Justin Gatlin (USA) 9.85
The American Gatlin runs a great race but is almost caught on the line by Portugal’s Francis Obikwelu and his compatriot Maurice Greene. His celebration must also be one of the most reserved in Olympic 100m history. 
2000 Sydney - Maurice Greene (USA) 9.87
Following a false start, Greene bursts through the centre to win by a clear margin, an achievement that obviously overwhelms him.
1996 Atlanta - Donovan Bailey (CAN) 9.84
High drama in Atlanta as Britain’s Linford Christie, the defending champion, is disqualified for two false starts. After 10 minutes, the race finally gets underway with Bailey storming from behind to win. 
1992 Barcelona - Linford Christie (GBR) 9.96
A great moment for British athletics as Christie, at 32, became the oldest Olympic 100m champion, just edging out Frankie Fredericks of Namibia.
1988 Seoul - Ben Johnson (CAN) 9.79 (*later disqualified)
Johnson wins by some distance – and sets a new world record – but is stripped of the title two days later after the post-race drug test indicated steroid use. Carl Lewis, who came in second, was awarded the gold medal.
1984 Los Angeles - Carl Lewis (USA) 9.99
The long limbs of Lewis carry him away from his rivals to win the first of four gold medals at the Los Angeles Games.
1980 Moscow - Alan Wells (GBR) 10.25
The tightest of 100m wins as Wells and Cuba’s Silvio Leonard cross the line in a photo finish, locked on the same time of 10.25.
1976 Montreal - Hasely Crawford (TRI) 10.06
Crawford, in the inside lane, just holds off the challenge of Jamaican Don Quarrie to win the gold and make amends for the 1972 final, when he pulled up and didn’t finish.
1972 Munich - Valeriy Borzov (SOV) 10.14
Borzov, from the Soviet Union, claims a fairly comfortable victory and, with Robert Taylor of the United States second, a small Cold War success.
1968 Mexico City - Jim Hines (USA) 9.95
Hines dominates this race in Mexico City, setting a sub-10 second time which was equal to the world record at the time. This was the first Olympics held on an artificial ‘Tartan’ track. 
1964 Tokyo - Bob Hayes (USA) 10.0
Running on a churned-up cinder track in spikes he had to borrow after his were lost, Hayes ran ten seconds flat to equal the then world record.
1960 Rome - Armin Hary (GER) 10.2
Only six in the final in Rome, as the German Hary, running in the outside lane, took gold on the line from Dave Sime of the United States. Britain’s Peter Radford was third.
1956 Melbourne - Bobby Morrow (USA) 10.62
Morrow achieved great fame in the States after winning a hat-trick of gold medals in Melbourne, of which the 100m was the first.
1952 Helsinki - Lindy Remigino (USA) 10.79
In a thrilling final, Remigino appears to lunge forward over the line, thinking he had won. But Jamaica’s Herb McKenley was right behind him and almost took glory. The officials took some time deciding, but handed it to Remigino. All six runners were separated by just a tenth of a second. 
1948 London - Harrison Dillard (USA) 10.3
It’s hard to tell from the video, but this final was a dead heat between Dillard, who was actually a hurdles specialist, and another American Barney Ewell. The photograph on the line showed a win for Dillard by the narrowest of margins.
1936 Berlin - Jesse Owens (USA) 10.3
In these incredible video clips, we see the great Jessie Owens winning his four gold medals in Berlin as an unimpressed Adolf Hitler looks on.
Question:
Who became the oldest Olympic 100 metres Champion when he won Gold in 1980?
Answer:
A.P. Wells
