Passage:
Millicent Martin
Millicent Mary Lillian Martin (born 8 June 1934) is an English actress, singer and comedian,  who was the resident singer of topical songs on the weekly BBC Television satire show That Was The Week That Was (1962–63). For her work on Broadway, she received Tony Award nominations for Side by Side by Sondheim (1977) and King of Hearts (1978), both for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. Other television roles include her recurring role as Gertrude Moon on the NBC sitcom Frasier (2000–03).

Life and career

Martin was born in Romford, Essex.  She made her Broadway debut opposite Julie Andrews in The Boy Friend in 1954. Her additional New York theatre credits include 42nd Street, Side by Side by Sondheim, and King of Hearts (she was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for the latter two). Millicent Martin starred with Paul Scofield and James Kenney  in Expresso Bongo at the Saville Theatre. In London she starred in The Crooked Mile in 1959.
   
During the early 1960s, Martin became known to British television audiences as the resident singer of topical songs on the original British version of the weekly satire show That Was The Week That Was (1962–63). One of the songs she sang on the show, the John F. Kennedy tribute "In the Summer of His Years", was released as a single and 'bubbled under' the Billboard Hot 100 chart at No 104 in 1963 (but was outcharted by a cover version by Connie Francis, which reached No 46). She has also released recordings in Swedish, such as the 7" single "Om du nånsin skulle ändra dej".

Martin had her own BBC television series between 1964 and 1966, titled Mainly Millicent for the first two series, and shortened to Millicent for the third and final series. In one episode, Martin and guest-star Roger Moore performed a comedy skit in which Moore played secret agent James Bond some years before he was cast in the role. In the mid-1960s she guested, alongside Pete Murray and Kenneth Williams, in an episode of Juke Box Jury.  She also appeared in the 1966 film Alfie starring Michael Caine.

In 1969, Sir Lew Grade wanted to make a comedy film series that would appeal to audiences on both sides of the Atlantic starring Martin. He sent six comedy sketches of Martin to producer Sheldon Leonard and he came up with the premise of From a Bird's Eye View.  The series was not a success and was cancelled after 16 episodes had been filmed.

In London's West End, she starred opposite Jim Dale in The Card in 1975. In 1977 on Jubilee Day, she appeared in a gala edition of BBC TV's The Good Old Days to celebrate the Queen's Silver Jubilee in a double act with Julia Mackenzie. In 1988 Martin joined the London production of the Sondheim musical Follies starring with Eartha Kitt.

Martin appeared as Gladys Moon in 13 episodes of Moon and Son, a 1992 BBC detective series created by Robert Banks Stewart, and co-starring John Michie.

In 2005 she had a small part in the film, Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont which starred Joan Plowright. 

Her later television roles include Gertrude Moon, Daphne Moon's Mancunian mother, in the American sit-com Frasier. She has worked for the Disney Channel, starring in the shows The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, Jonas, and in the movie Return to Halloweentown. Other performances include guest roles in The Drew Carey Show, Will & Grace, and Days of Our Lives. She also had a small role on an episode of Gilmore Girls, and a key role in an episode of "Modern Family".

In 2008, she appeared at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park with Topol, Linda Thorson and Lisa O'Hare in the Lerner & Lowe musical, Gigi. In 2011 she guest-starred opposite her former Frasier daughter, Jane Leeves, in the TV Land series Hot in Cleveland. She has also had an appearance in the fourth season of Chuck as the mother of Hartley Winterbottom, who was given the first Intersect prototype and became Alexei Volkoff; she also guest-starred on an episode of the fourth season of Castle as a theatre critic who wrote a harsh review of a performance given by Castle's mother.

Martin was married to the pop singer Ronnie Carroll from 1958 until 1965, and subsequently to actor Norman Eshley, but both marriages ended in divorce. She has been married to American Marc Alexander since 1978 and is now a permanent resident of the United States.

Selected filmography

* This is the BBC (1959)
* The Girl on the Boat (1961)
* Invasion Quartet (1961)
* Nothing But the Best (1964)
* Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines (1965)
* Stop the World – I Want to Get Off (1966)
* Alfie (1966)
* Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont (2005)
* "Return to Halloweentown" (2006)
*
Question:
Actress/singer, Millicent Martin was married to which pop singer from 1958-65?
Answer:
Ronnie Cleghorn
Passage:
Flemington Racecourse & Races - Punters.com.au
Flemington Racecourse & Races - Punters.com.au
448 Epsom Rd, Flemington, 3031
Flemington Races
Flemington is renowned for its Spring Racing Carnival, which not only boasts the Melbourne Cup, Australia's most famous horse race, but it is also includes Derby Day, widely considered the most competitive race meeting in the country with an entire card of Group racing. Both of these events fall within the Melbourne Cup Carnival, which is the biggest week of racing on the Australian racing calendar. The carnival consists of four feature racedays conducted over the course of a week. These four meetings are (in order) Derby Day, Melbourne Cup Day, Oaks Days and Stakes Day.
Racedays: Flemington will host 23 racedays throughout the course of the 2015/2016 racing season
Group Ones: Flemington will host 14 Group Ones
The Melbourne Cup
Every year on the first Tuesday in November, Flemington plays host to Australia's most famous horse race, the Melbourne Cup. The race permits up to 24 competitors to slug it out over a gruelling two miles, with the winner laying claim to the lion's share of the $6 million in prize money on offer. This prize pool makes the Melbourne Cup the richest handicap in the world.
The 2016 Melbourne Cup was held on Tuesday 31 November, with the Robert Hickmott-trained Almandin proving too good for his rivals, thanks in part to a brilliant steer from jockey Kerrin McEvoy.
Check out our Melbourne Cup page for more info!
Flemington race distances and barrier info
1000m - Races begin in the chute off the main straight. Barriers rarely come into play as it is a straight race from start to finish.
1200m - Also started in the chute and thus also provide a straight race from start to finish.
1400m - Begins in a chute on the opposite side of the course to the 1000 and 1200 metre races. The chute runs straight into the home turn and makes inside barriers greatly important.
1600m - Inside barriers are of high importance over this distance as the short starting chute leads straight into the massive home turn, which finds the field spending more than half of the race on the turn
1800m - No chute here, the race starts on the course's back straight and runners gallop for about 300 metres before hitting the home turn. Inside barriers are favoured.
2000m - Commencing at the start of the back straight gives runners more time to jostle for position, but inside barriers are still at an advantage.
2500m - The field jumps at the start just a small distance before the start finish post and the first turn. Getting out to these larger distances see inside barriers lose a bit of the advantage that may have been enjoyed in shorter races.
3200m - Getting back to the chute on the home straight, these longer races start with gallop of about 1000 metres before the first turn is reached thus making the barriers of little or no importance.
Feature Races
Standish Handicap G3 Open hcp 1200m
February
Lightning Stakes G1 Open wfa 1000m
C S Hayes Stakes G3 3YO C&G sw+p 1400m
The Vanity G3 3YO Fillies sw+p 1200m
March
Australian Guineas G1 3YO Open sw 1600m
Frances Tressady Stakes G3 4YO+ Mares sw+p 1400m
Australian Cup G1 Open wfa 2000m
Kewney Stakes G2 3YO Fillies sw 1400m
VRC Sires Produce Stakes G2 2YO Open sw 1400m
Blamey Stakes G2 3YO+ Open sw+p 1600m
Matron Stakes G3 4YO+ Mares sw+p 1600m
Thoroughbred Breeders Stakes G3 2YO Fillies sw+p 1200m
August
Aurie's Star Handicap G3 Open hcp 1200m
September
Makybe Diva Stakes G1 Open Open wfa 1600m
Danehill Stakes G2 3YO Open sw+p 1200m
Let's Elope Stakes G2 4YO+ Mares sw+p 1400m
Bobbie Lewis Quality G3 Open qlty 1200m
October
Turnbull Stakes G1 4YO+ Open sw+p 2000m
Gilgai Stakes G2 Open sw+p 1200m
Edward Manifold Stakes G2 3YO Fillies sw 1600m
Rose Of Kingston Stakes G2 4YO+ Mares sw+p 1400m
October/November (Derby Day)
Question:
In which country is Flemington park race course?
Answer:
Melbourne, AU-VIC
Passage:
Welsh Rarebit, radio hit to remember - walesonline ...
Welsh Rarebit, radio hit to remember - walesonline Administrator - Wales Online
News Opinion
Welsh Rarebit, radio hit to remember
GAVIN and Stacey (back for a one-off special). Doctor Who (superstar soprano Katherine Jenkins guesting for Christmas).
 Share
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
GAVIN and Stacey (back for a one-off special). Doctor Who (superstar soprano Katherine Jenkins guesting for Christmas). Torchwood. Shows watched by millions, series that have put Cardiff (oh, all right, and Barry) slap bang into the middle of the map.
At last, we’re told, we are one of the BIG showbiz centres.
But hang on. We have been here before. And if I offer just two little words anyone over, shall we say a certain age, will know exactly when they hear them. Here goes.
“’Elloooo Boys...”
Uttered in a sort of strangled bleat, a meeting of yodel and squeak.
“’Elloooo Boys..!”
The weekly signal that Willie had arrived, that another adventure of Tommy Trouble was on its way. Two words recalling the greatest of times for radio in Wales, when a programme starting as a near-amateur production to remind Welsh servicemen of home became, incredibly, Britain’s most popular programme.
After eight years confined to its own little corner, it “went national” in 1949 and 12 million listeners tuned in each week. Beat that Doctor!
It was, of course, Welsh Rarebit, making Tommy Trouble and his mates Willie, Llew and Jimmy more cult than comic characters. It was also a marvellous showcase for such young up-and-comers as Stan Stennett, Albert and Les Ward, Wyn Calvin, Maudie Edwards, Harry Secombe – and the wonderfully raucous Gladys Morgan, whose ear-splitting cackle could shatter pint pots. True, true! A bloke in Canton standing too close to the wireless suddenly saw his daaark spilled all over the floor while left, he moaned, with only an ’andle in my ’and.
It began when one of the most famous names in Welsh broadcasting was asked to devise a show “to keep Welsh troops happy”. Mai Jones, who started in radio at Savoy Hill in 1928 and died 50 years ago this summer took the challenge – Rarebit is her most enduring monument. But those first programmes could hardly have kept the troops happy.
Not when the centrepiece was “Dai’s Letter from Home”, intoned by an actor with a treacly, dark brown voice offering glowingly idealistic visions of servicemen’s home towns. With appropriate, tear-jerking music, of course.
But Mai Jones turned the programme into a variety show, at its core the Adventures of Tommy Trouble. And Tommy, Willie, Llew and Jimmy, spiritual ancestors of Compo, Clegg and Foggy, of Summer Wine, helped Rarebit on its way from a pretty parochial programme to national treasure, endearing themselves to listeners in every part of Britain.
One West Country couple even renamed their house “Croeso”, Welsh for welcome, see, and fan letters flooded in, most for Willie. For he was undoubtedly the star, the eternal unworldly innocent often played by Cardiff’s Wyn Calvin, his entrance – “‘Elloooo Boys...” – inevitably greeted with cheers from the audience.
Yes, there was an audience. Welsh Rarebit was broadcast from halls throughout Wales although its most familiar home was Cardiff’s Cory Hall where the Capitol Centre now stands.
Tommy Trouble was created by a bus driver who packed up his safe job to try writing and for E Eynon Evans it worked. His scripts, carefully kept in the Caerphilly care home where he died aged 85 in 1989, were his reminders of the great days when Tommy Trouble was as familiar in the nation’s homes as soap stars are today.
One of the scripts he treasured was for the Christmas special in 1955, naturally a panto theme offering the essence of the programme. It was introduced by the familiar voice of Alun Williams, then in came the Lyrian Singers and Sospan Fach – “Llanelli,” cried Alun, “here we come.”
And here’s young Stan Stennett, Kairdiff comic turned cowboy, a-ridin’ to the Ole Bar X. Great on his geetar was Stan in those days before he became famous enough to get his own strip in Radio Fun (supreme tribute) not forgetting the Black and White Minstrels, Coronation Street and Crossroads.
More carols, then Gladys Morgan, up in Ponty for her own panto, she shrieks but down yer in Cardiff for some seasonal shopping.
Ah yes, Gladys Morgan. It’s almost a century since she first stepped on to a stage in 1911, struggling along until she became “an overnight star” with her first Welsh Rarebit in 1950. Frankie Howerd wrote his first fan letter to Gladys. She’d star with him one day.
And in that Christmas Rarebit was a thigh-slapping Dorothy Squires as Robin Hood, the Lyrians with the Whiffenpoof Song then the catchphrase heard in every valley pub and club, “’ush, we must ’ave ’ush”. Ossie Morris, paving the way for the misfortunes of Tommy Trouble.
Then the finale, Welsh Rarebit’s trademark “We’ll keep a Welcome,” bringing the show to a lung-bursting climax. Mai Jones wrote the music, Lyn Joshua the words for Wales’ second national anthem.
Doctor Who. G & S. Torchwood. You’ve got a lot to live up to.
Like us on Facebook
Question:
Who began his singing career on the variety radio programme Welsh Rarebit
Answer:
Sir Harry Secombe
Passage:
Kentucky Derby History | Horse Racing's Biggest Race
Kentucky Derby History | Horse Racing's Biggest Race
Return to Content
Kentucky Derby History
The father of Churchill Downs racecourse was Colonel Meriwether Lewis Clark, who after extensive research of European racecourses, set about creating what was to become the venue for The Kentucky Derby.
There had been horseracing in Kentucky before. The first official racetrack opened in Kentucky in 1789. However it was not until 1875 that the now-famous Churchill Downs racetrack, that hosts the Kentucky Derby, was launched.
Clark took his lead from England for his three showpiece horse races. He based The Kentucky Derby on England’s premier event, The Epsom Derby. Similarly the Kentucky Oaks was inspired by The Epsom Oaks (the same course and distance as the Derby but for fillies rather than colts). He mirrored England’s St Leger with the eponymous Clark Handicap.
The first Kentucky Derby, run on the track’s opening day in 1875, was won by Aristides while the first televised Kentucky Derby was in 1952. A crowd of nearly 164,000 witnessed the hundredth Kentucky Derby in 1974 Churchill Downs has subsequently hosted the Breeders Cup events on several occasions and the daily prize money totals per meeting have risen rapidly.
The home of the Kentucky Derby has had a rocky financial road since that forward-thinker M L Clark founded Churchill Downs, but he would be proud of his legacy. The Kentucky Derby remains the foremost horse racing event in the USA today and that doesn’t look like changing anytime soon.
Possibly the most incredible Kentucky Derby as a visual spectacle was the last-to-first ride given to Mine That Bird by Calvin Borel in 2009. From tailed off to easy victor, Borel’s mount passed the entire field up the inside.
In 2014 California Chrome provided a fairytale moment and gave hope to all those who play the sport at the bottom end of the food chain. For California Chrome was bred from a dirt cheap stallion out of a $8000 mare that nobody thought had the breeding to produce anything worthwhile. Yet the colt trained by unheralded handler, the 77-year-old Art Sherman beat all the blue bloods with ease – and followed up in the Preakness Stakes to boot.
Question:
In England, at which venue are the Oaks and the Derby run?
Answer:
Southfield Park Primary School
Passage:
Terry Deary
William Terence "Terry" Deary (born 3 January 1946) is a British children's author of over 200 books, selling over 25 million copies in over 40 languages, best known as the writer of the Horrible Histories series. Since 1994 he has been one of Britain's best-selling authors. In 2012 he was the tenth most-borrowed author in British libraries, and was voted Outstanding Children's Non-Fiction Author Of The 20th Century by Books for Keeps magazine. 

Life and career

Deary was born in Sunderland. His father Bill owned a butcher's shop in Hendon, a poverty stricken area of the city and his mother Freda was the manageress of a clothing shop. Deary went to Monkwearmouth Grammar School and intensely disliked his school experience, particularly the style of teaching he received. He worked as a butcher's boy for much of his childhood, helping in the shop from the age of three. He joined the electricity board as a management trainee when he was 18 and later the Theatre Powys drama company in 1972 and as an actor toured Welsh village halls bringing theatre to children. He qualified as a teacher at the Sunderland's College of Education and taught drama. He began writing in 1976, turning full-time in 1994, with the publication of the Horrible Histories series.  

The Horrible Histories series of books are popular among children for their interesting details, vast information and humorous pictures and among adults for getting children interested in history. Books in the series have been widely translated into other languages and imitated. A cartoon series has been made of the series of books and was shown on CiTV in 2002. The Horrible Histories live action comedy sketch show of the same name has been shown on CBBC since 2009. Deary himself has played some parts.

Deary received an Honorary Doctorate of Education from the University of Sunderland in 2000.

In 2011, he retired from writing children's books after 35 years. He lives in Burnhope, County Durham, England with his wife Jenny and their daughter Sara.

Controversy

Deary is an outspoken critic of schools, which he believes serve no function above keeping children off the street. 
Deary has commented: "I've no interest in schools. They have no relevance in the 21st century. They were a Victorian idea to get kids off the street. Who decided that putting 30 kids with only their age in common in a classroom with one teacher was the best way of educating? At my school there were 52 kids in the class and all I learned was how to pass the 11-plus. Testing is the death of education. Kids should leave school at 11 and go to work. Not down the mines or up chimneys, mind, but working with computers or something relevant. Everything I learned after 11 was a waste of time. Trigonometry, Boyle's law: it's never been of any use to me. They should have been teaching me the life skills I was going to need, such as building relationships, parenting and managing money. I didn't have a clue about any of these things at 18. Schools need to change."   

Terry Deary has said of historians: "They are nearly as seedy and devious as politicians..They pick on a particular angle and select the facts to prove their case and make a name for themselves... They don’t write objective history... Eventually you can see through them all. They all come with a twist."  

In 2013, Deary spoke out against public libraries, saying that they "have been around too long", are "no longer relevant" and have "had their day". He argued: "we've got this idea that we've got an entitlement to read books for free, at the expense of authors, publishers and council tax payers... We don't expect to go to a food library to be fed. The car industry would collapse if we went to car libraries for free use of Porsches... If I sold the book I'd get 30p per book. I get six grand, [when] I should be getting £180,000." 

Terry Deary has also called to "ban Horrible Histories from schools", because "classrooms take all the fun out of his stories". 

Selected books

Series

*Horrible Histories
*Truly Terrible Tales
*Master Crook’s Crime Academy
*Tudor Chronicles (also known as Tudor Terror)
*Tudor Tales
*Roman Tales
*Egyptian Tales
*The Fire Thief
*The Knowledge
*Pirate Tales
*True Stories
*Time Detectives
*The Spark Files
*World War I Tales
*World War II Tales

Other books

*A Witch in Time
*The Ape Escape
*Classified
*Dangerous Days
*Spooks (1997)
*Hat Trick
*Hope Street (1980) ISBN 0-304-30514-6
*Ghost For Sale (2001)
*The Treasure Of Crazy Horse (2001)
*The Custard Kid (2001)
*The Wishing Well Ghost (2002)
*Into The Lion's Den (2002)
*Footsteps In The Fog (2003)
*The Boy Who Haunted Himself (2004)
*The Last Viking (2005)
*Great big Father Christmas joke book
*The Vampire of Croglin
Question:
Terry Deary is the author of which series of children's books that were adapted for TV?
Answer:
Horrible Histories (franchise)
Passage:
Triangles - Equilateral, Isosceles and Scalene
Triangles - Equilateral, Isosceles and Scalene
Triangles
A triangle has three sides and three angles
The three angles always add to 180°
Equilateral, Isosceles and Scalene
There are three special names given to triangles that tell how many sides (or angles) are equal.
There can be 3, 2 or no equal sides/angles:
Equilateral Triangle
Three equal angles, always 60°
Isosceles Triangle
Triangles can also  have names that tell you what type of angle is inside:
Acute Triangle
All angles are less than 90°
Right Triangle
Has a right angle (90°)
Obtuse Triangle
Has an  angle more than 90°
Combining the Names
Sometimes a triangle will have two names, for example:
Right Isosceles Triangle
Has a right angle (90°), and also two equal angles
Can you guess what the equal angles are?
Play With It ...
Try dragging the points around and make different triangles:
You might also like to play with the Interactive Triangle .
Perimeter
The perimeter is the distance around the edge of the triangle: just add up the three sides:
Area
The area is half of the base times height.
"b" is the distance along the base
"h" is the height (measured at right angles to the base)
Area = ½ × b × h
The formula works for all triangles.
Note: a simpler way of writing the formula is bh/2
Example: What is the area of this triangle?
(Note: 12 is the height, not the length of the left-hand side)
 
Base = b = 20
Area = ½ × b × h = ½ × 20 × 12 = 120
The base can  be any side, Just be sure the "height" is measured at right angles to the "base":
(Note: You can also calculate the area from the lengths of all three sides using Heron's Formula .)
 
Why is the Area "Half of bh"?
Imagine you "doubled" the triangle (flip it around one of the upper edges) to make a square-like shape (a parallelogram ) which can be changed to a simple rectangle :
THEN the whole area is bh, which  is for both triangles, so just one is ½ × bh.
Question:
What name is given to a triangle which contains no equal sides or equal angles?
Answer:
Scalene (disambiguation)
