Passage:
Walter Mitty
Walter Mitty is a fictional character of a daydreamer in James Thurber's short story "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty", first published in The New Yorker on March 18, 1939, and in book form in My World and Welcome to It in 1942. Thurber loosely based the character on his friend, Walter Mithoff.  It was made into a film in 1947 starring Danny Kaye, with a remake directed by and starring Ben Stiller released in 2013.

Character and plot

Mitty is a meek, mild man with a vivid fantasy life. In a few dozen paragraphs he imagines himself a wartime pilot, an emergency-room surgeon, and a devil-may-care killer. Although the story has humorous elements, there is a darker and more significant message underlying the text, leading to a more tragic interpretation of the Mitty character. Even in his heroic daydreams, Mitty does not triumph, several fantasies being interrupted before the final one sees Mitty dying bravely in front of a firing squad. In the brief snatches of reality that punctuate Mitty's fantasies the audience meets well-meaning but insensitive strangers who inadvertently rob Mitty of some of his remaining dignity.

Proverbial references

The character's name has come into more general use to refer to an ineffectual dreamer and appears in several dictionaries.  The American Heritage Dictionary defines a Walter Mitty as "an ordinary, often ineffectual person who indulges in fantastic daydreams of personal triumphs".  The most famous of Thurber's inept male protagonists, the character is considered "the archetype for dreamy, hapless, Thurber Man". 

When referencing actor Errol Flynn, Warner Brothers studio head, Jack L. Warner, noted in his autobiography, My First Hundred Years in Hollywood, "To the Walter Mittys of the world he [Flynn] was all the heroes in one magnificent, sexy, animal package".  

In his 1992 biography of Henry Kissinger, Walter Isaacson records that on 6 October 1973, during the 1973 Arab Israeli War, Kissinger urged President Richard Nixon's Chief of Staff General Alexander Haig to keep Nixon in Florida in order to avoid "any hysterical moves" and to "keep any Walter Mitty tendencies under control". 

In the 1997 text Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer—a personal account of the events of the 1996 Everest disaster—Krakauer states: "Walter Mittys with Everest dreams need to bear in mind that when things go wrong up in the death zone (above 26,000 feet)—and sooner or later they always do—the strongest guides in the world may be powerless to save a client's life; indeed as the events of 1996 demonstrated, the strongest guides in the world are sometimes powerless to save even their own lives." 

In the 1999 autobiography John Glenn: A Memoir by Mercury by astronaut and US Senator John Glenn, on page 198 he states, "The average person could Walter Mitty him- or herself into winning the Indianapolis 500, since everybody drove a car; all you had to do was imagine yourself going faster and making nothing but left turns.  But space was so new nobody had a way to relate to it realistically."

In 2007, automaker Ford stated that it had to exclude from the list of potential bidders "Walter Mitty" types who had dreams but no experience, prior to the sale of their Aston Martin British GT car brand to a consortium of business interests from America and the Middle East, headed by Prodrive founder and world rally championship owner David Richards.

The Guardian reported on 20 April 2009 that a leaked British National Party training manual described some members as "liars, oddballs, and Walter Mitty types". 

The Guardian reported on 23 Jan 2016 that up to 42% of the British Army who made use of the services of military psychiatrists were "Walter Mitty" characters who fabricated their experience. 

Terry Gilliam described his film Brazil as "Walter Mitty Meets Franz Kafka". 

British military slang

Individuals who impersonate serving or retired members of the armed forces are known as "Walts" in the British Armed Forces,  a shortened form of the name "Walter Mitty".  In the United Kingdom it is an offence under the Armed Forces Act 2006 to wear real or replica military decorations with intent to deceive. 

In his book on selection for the Special Air Service, Andy McNab wrote that soldiers from other units who were applying to join, who give away the fact they were motivated by reasons of personal vanity were labelled as "Walter Mitties"  and quietly sent home.   

Films

The character was first played by Danny Kaye in the 1947 film version. Thurber opposed this 1947 production. 

Ben Stiller directed and starred in a 2013 adaptation of the Walter Mitty story. 

Music

Walter Mitty is referenced in the lyrics of these songs:
Question:
Who created the fictional character of 'Walter Mitty'?
Answer:
James Thurber
Passage:
Philosopher
A philosopher is someone who practices philosophy, which involves rational inquiry into areas that are outside of either theological dogma or science.  The term "philosopher" comes from the Ancient Greek  (philosophos) meaning "lover of wisdom". Its origination has been ascribed to the Greek thinker Pythagoras. 

In the classical sense, a philosopher was someone who lived according to a certain way of life, focusing on resolving existential questions about the human condition, and not someone who discourses upon theories or comments upon authors.  Typically, these particular brands of philosophy are Hellenistic ones and those who most arduously commit themselves to this lifestyle may be considered philosophers.

In a modern sense, a philosopher is an intellectual who has contributed in one or more branches of philosophy, such as aesthetics, ethics, epistemology, logic, metaphysics, social theory, and political philosophy. A philosopher may also be one who worked in the humanities or other sciences which have since split from philosophy proper over the centuries, such as the arts, history, economics, sociology, psychology, linguistics, anthropology, theology, and politics. 

History

Ancient Greece and Rome

The separation of philosophy and science from theology began in Greece during the 6th century BC.  Thales, an astronomer and mathematician, was considered by Aristotle to be the first philosopher of the Greek tradition. 

While Pythagoras coined the word, the first known elaboration on the topic was conducted by Plato. In his Symposium, he concludes that Love is that which lacks the object it seeks. Therefore, the philosopher is one who seeks wisdom; if he attains wisdom, he would be a sage. Therefore, the philosopher in antiquity was one who lives in the constant pursuit of wisdom, and living in accordance to that wisdom.  Disagreements arose as to what living philosophically entailed. These disagreements gave rise to different Hellenistic schools of philosophy. In consequence, the ancient philosopher thought in a tradition.  As the ancient world became schism by philosophical debate, the competition lay in living in manner that would transform his whole way of living in the world. 

Among the last of these philosophers was Marcus Aurelius, who is widely regarded as a philosopher in the modern sense, but personally refused to call himself by such a title, since he had a duty to live as an emperor. 

Transition

According to the Classicist Pierre Hadot, the modern conception of a philosopher and philosophy developed predominately through three changes:

The first is the natural inclination of the philosophical mind. Philosophy is a tempting discipline which can easily carry away the individual in analyzing the universe and abstract theory. 

The second is the historical change through the Medieval era. With the rise of Christianity, the philosophical way of life was adopted by its theology. Thus, philosophy was divided between a way of life and the conceptual, logical, physical and metaphysical materials to justify that way of life. Philosophy was then the servant to theology.Pierre Hadot, Philosophy as a Way of Life, trans. Michael Chase. Blackwell Publishing, 1995. pg. 32: Introduction: Pierre Hadot and the Spiritual Phenomenon of Ancient Philosophy by Arnold I. Davidson.

The third is the sociological need with the development of the university. The modern university requires professionals to teach. Maintaining itself requires teaching future professionals to replace the current faculty. Therefore, the discipline degrades into a technical language reserved for specialists, completely eschewing its original conception as a way of life.

Medieval era

In the fourth century, the word philosopher began to designate a man or woman who led a monastic life. Gregory of Nyssa, for example, describes how his sister Macrina persuaded their mother to forsake "the distractions of material life" for a life of philosophy. 

Later during the Middle Ages, persons who engaged with alchemy was called a philosopher - thus, the Philosopher's Stone. 

Early Modern era

Many philosophers still emerged from the Classical tradition, as saw their philosophy as a way of life. Among the most notable are René Descartes, Baruch Spinoza, Nicolas Malebranche, and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz. With the rise of the university, the modern conception of philosophy became more prominent. Many of the esteemed philosophers of the eighteenth century and onward have attended, taught, and developed their works in university. Early examples include: Immanuel Kant, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. 

After these individuals, the Classical conception had all but died with the exceptions of Arthur Schopenhauer and Friedrich Nietzsche. The last considerable figure in philosophy to not have followed a strict and orthodox academic regime was Ludwig Wittgenstein. 

Modern academia

In the modern era, those attaining advanced degrees in philosophy often choose to stay in careers within the educational system. According to a 1993 study by the National Research Council (as reported by the American Philosophical Association), 77.1% of the 7,900 holders of a Ph.D. in philosophy who responded were employed in educational institutions (academia). Outside of academia, philosophers may employ their writing and reasoning skills in other careers, such as medicine, bioethics, business, publishing, free-lance writing, media, and law.

Prizes in philosophy

Various prizes in philosophy exist. Among the most prominent are:
*Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy
*Rolf Schock Prizes
*Avicenna Prize

Certain esteemed philosophers, such as Henri Bergson, Bertrand Russell, Albert Camus, and Jean-Paul Sartre, have also won the Nobel Prize in Literature.

The John W. Kluge Prize for the Study of Humanity, created by the Library of Congress to recognize work not covered by the Nobel Prizes, was given to philosophers Leszek Kołakowski in 2003, Paul Ricoeur in 2004, and Jürgen Habermas and Charles Taylor in 2015.
Question:
Which 17th century French philosopher, mathematician, scientist, and writer showed, by using geometric construction and the law of refraction, that the angular radius of a rainbow is 42 degrees?
Answer:
René Decartes
Passage:
Watch R&B Movies Online Free Streaming
Watch R&B Movies Online Free Streaming
Watch Macy Gray Free Online
Macy Gray (born Natalie Renee McIntyre on September 6, 1967 also credited as Natalie Hinds in her music) is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter, record producer, and actress, famed for her distinctive raspy voice and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday and Betty Davis
Question:
What is the stage name of Natalie Renee McIntyre, a US R&B; and soul singer-songwriter, record producer and actress with a distinctive raspy voice and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday & Betty Davis?
Answer:
Macy Gray
Passage:
Prithvi of Nepal
Prithvi Bir Bikram Shah () (18 August 1875 – 11 December 1911) was King of Nepal from 1881 until 1911. Among the most notable events of his reign were the introduction of the first automobiles to Nepal, and the creation of strict water and sanitation systems for much of the country.
King Prithvi's eldest child was Princess Royal Lakshmi Rajya Laxmi Devi, who was married to Field Marshal Kaiser Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana.  She was made the Crown Princess and was heir to Nepal's throne until she was in her late teens, when her brother King Tribhuvan Bir Bikram Shah Dev was born. Until then King Prithvi only had four daughters and four from another wife. 

Honours

*  Sovereign of the Order of Gorkha Dakshina Bahu (1896).
Question:
Prithvi Narayan, Jung Bahadur Rana, King Mahendra, King Birendra, and King Gyanendra were all political leaders of which country?
Answer:
Nepol
Passage:
Fear of Feet Phobia – Podophobia
Fear of Feet Phobia – Podophobia
You are here: Home / Phobias / Fear of Feet Phobia – Podophobia
Fear of Feet Phobia – Podophobia
To most people, the fear of feet phobia might sound weird or bizarre. However, Podophobia does exist and is quite a common specific phobia affecting many people across the globe. The word Podophobia originates from Greek ‘Podos’ meaning feet.
People with Podophobia tend to get upset at the sight of feet. Different people experience Podophobia differently: some do not like it when others look at their feet or touch them. Still others are anxious or afraid of their own feet. Many do not like to hear, read/talk about or even see their own feet. The phobia can be detrimental to the sufferer’s health and well being, as, often, s/he refuses to remove shoes or socks preferring to keep them on even while sleeping. This can lead to fungal infections, allergies and other medical conditions.
Let us study the symptoms, causes and treatment for fear of feet phobia in detail.
Causes or origin of fear of feet phobia
Nobody knows for sure why the fear of feet occurs.
Some experts believe that a traumatic or negative experience in the past, which had something to do with feet, might have triggered this phobia. A child might remember being kicked over and over by an elder or sibling and hence come to hate or dislike feet intensely. In such cases, the Podophobe tends to get irritated, anxious or extremely frightened at the sight of other people’s bare feet.
Some doctors believe that the fear might have been inherited or have genetic causes. Sometimes, it might simply exist without any explicable reasons.
Painful foot conditions like bunions, hammertoe etc can also lead to fearing pain of the feet. In some cases, these conditions can be linked to Podophobia.
Generally speaking, people who tend to be high strung, overly anxious or are having some kind of adrenal deficiency might also acquire Podophobia.
Symptoms of Podophobia
As is the case with other phobias, Podophobia can also be persistent. The sufferer might experience many physical or psychological symptoms despite knowing that feet are not harmful or dangerous. Yet, s/he is absolutely powerless to overcome the symptoms:
Shortness of breath or accelerated heartbeat and palpitations at the sight of or thought about feet
Extreme fear or anxiety that leads to constant movie-like images about feet in the phobic’s mind
Sweating, shaking or trembling
Question:
Podophobia is the irrational fear of which part of the body?
Answer:
Foot fracture
Passage:
Is She Really Going Out with Him?
"Is She Really Going Out with Him?" is the first single released by British musician  Joe Jackson in September 1978.  The track, which was to achieve greater commercial success when reissued in 1979, was included on Jackson's debut album, Look Sharp!.

Background

According to Joe Jackson, the song originated from when he heard the title. From there, he came up with the basis for the song lyrics of "pretty women" dating "gorillas." He said of the songs origins in an interview:

Initially being released as a single in 1978, the song saw little chart success, failing to chart in both Britain and America. However, when the single was reissued in the summer of 1979 (catalogue number AMS 7459), the song saw greater success, reaching #13 in Britain and #21 in America.  It also appeared in the charts in Australia, Canada and the Netherlands. 

The UK B-side of the single, "You Got the Fever" was a non-album track that later appeared as a bonus track on later reissues of Look Sharp! In the U.S., however, "(Do the) Instant Mash," which also appeared on Look Sharp!, was issued as the B-side instead.

An alternate recording of the song was released as the B-side to Jackson's 1981 single, "Beat Crazy." The song was featured in the 1998 romantic comedy film, There's Something About Mary, The Simpsons episode "Rome-Old and Juli-Eh" and Live From Daryl's House episode No. 3 with the Plain White T's.

Live performances

Live versions appeared on Live 1980/86 (containing three versions of the song including an acoustic version and an a cappella doo-wop version)", on Two Rainy Nights in 2002, and on the bonus CD of Volume 4 in 2003.

Charts

Weekly singles charts

Year-end charts

Cover versions

A cover of the song was the first single released by Australian pop punk band Kid Courageous, and charted #25 on the ARIA Singles Charts and #3 on the Australian Independent Charts.  Alternative rock band Sugar Ray recorded a cover of the song for their fifth studio album In the Pursuit of Leisure.
Question:
Who had a UK hit in 1979 with Is She Really Going Out With Him?
Answer:
Joe jackson
Passage:
Tim Curry to appear in Rocky Horror Picture Show remake ...
Tim Curry to appear in Rocky Horror Picture Show remake - Telegraph
Tim Curry to appear in Rocky Horror Picture Show remake
But he won’t be playing Dr Frank N Furter
The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Little Nell, Tim Curry and Richard O'Brien Photo: Rex
Curry shot to fame in 1975 after his lascivious performance as Dr Frank N Furter, the transvestite transsexual from Transylvania. It was his second time playing the role, having also starred in the 1973 stage production.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show: (L-R) Richard O'Brien, Susan Sarandon, Barry Bostwick, Tim Curry, Peter Hinwood
This time the 69-year-old will be playing the part of the criminologist narrator, originally played by Charles Gray – who was best known as the Bond villain Blofeld.
Orange is the New Black star Laverne Cox has been cast as Dr Frank N Furter, while singer Adam Lambert will appear as Eddie, the motorcycle delivery driver who was played by Meat Loaf.
The rest of the cast includes Nickelodeon's Victoria Justice as Janet (previously played by Susan Sarandon) and Disney's Ryan McCartan as Brad (previously played by Barry Bostwick). Reeve Carney of Spider-Man: Turn off the Dark and the TV series Penny Dreadful will portray Riff Raff, a role formerly played by Richard O'Brien , who also wrote the music, lyrics and book for the musical.
Tim Curry in Burke and Hare
The stage-show sequel, Shock Treatment made its debut on the London stage - despite being written in 1979 - last year at the King's Head Theatre in Islington.
Though Curry still regularly works as a voice artist, this will be his first on-screen performance since 2010, when he appeared in the film Burke and Hare and two episodes of Criminal Minds.
He suffered a stroke in 2013 and has been wheelchair-bound ever since.
Top Galleries
Question:
In what stage show does Frank N Furter appear?
Answer:
RHPC
Passage:
England Under The Tudors: King Edward VI (1537-1553)
King Edward VI (1537-1553) [England Under The Tudors]
Search
 
EDWARD VI, King of England and Ireland, born at Greenwich on the 12th of October 1537, was the only child of Henry VIII by his third wife, Jane Seymour , who died of puerperal fever twelve days later. The story that the mother's life was deliberately sacrificed by the performance of Caesarean section is unfounded, although Jane's death was little noticed amid the rejoicings which greeted the advent of a male heir to the throne. But in spite of Holbein's vivacious portrait of Edward at the age of two (now at Hanover), he was a frail child, and a short life was anticipated for him from his early years. This did not prevent a strenuous education; until the age of six he was naturally left in the charge of women, but when he was only seven his tutor Dr Coxe, afterwards bishop of Ely, writes that he could decline any Latin noun and conjugate any regular verb (L. and P., 1544, ii. 726); "every day in the mass-time he readeth a portion of Solomon's Proverbs, wherein he delighteth much." Sir John Cheke , Sir Anthony Cooke and Roger Ascham all helped to teach him Latin, Greek and French; and by the age of thirteen he had read Aristotle's Ethics in the original and was himself translating Cicero's De philosophia into Greek.
Edward was Duke of Cornwall from his birth, but he was never prince of Wales, and he was only nine when he succeeded his father as king of England and Ireland and supreme head of the English church (28th of January 1546/7). His nonage threw power into the hands of Somerset and then of Northumberland , and enabled Gardiner and Bonner to maintain that the royal supremacy over the church was, or should be, in abeyance. Projects for his marriage were hardly even the occasion, but only the excuse, for Somerset's war on Scotland and Northumberland's subsequent alliance with France.
All factions sought to control his person, not because of his personality but because of his position; he was like the Great Seal, only more so, an indispensable adjunct to the wielder of authority. The Protector 's brother [Edward's uncle, Thomas Seymour ] tried to bribe him with pocket-money; Northumberland was more subtle and established a complete dominion over his mind, and then put him forward at the age of fourteen as entitled to all the power of Henry VIII. But he was only Northumberland's mask; of his individual influence on the course of history during his reign there is hardly a trace. A posthumous effort was made to give him the credit of a humane desire to save Joan Bocher from the flames; but he recorded with apparently cold-blooded indifference the execution of both his uncles, and he certainly made no attempt to mitigate the harassing attentions which the council paid his sister Mary . This passed for piety with the zealots, and the persecutions of Mary's reign reflected a halo on that of the Protestant Josiah. So strong was the regret that rumours of his survival persisted, and hare-brained youths were found to personate him throughout Mary's and even far into Elizabeth 's reign.
It was well that they were false, for Edward showed signs of all the Tudor obstinacy, and he was a fanatic into the bargain, as no other Tudor was except Mary. The combination would probably have involved England in disasters far greater than any that ensued upon his premature death; and it was much better that the Anglican settlement of religion should have been left to the compromising temper of Elizabeth. As it was, he bequeathed a legacy of woe; his health began to fail in 1552, and in May 1553 it was known that he was dying. But his will and the various drafts of it only betray the agitated and illogical efforts of Northumberland to contrive some means whereby he might continue to control the government and prevent the administration of justice.
Mary and Elizabeth were to be excluded from the throne, as not sufficiently pliant instruments; Mary Stuart was ignored as being under Scottish, Catholic and French influence; the duchess of Suffolk, Lady Jane Grey 's mother, was excluded because she was married, and the duke her husband might claim the crown matrimonial. In fact, all females were excluded, except Jane, on the ground that no woman could reign; even she was excluded in the first draft, and the crown was left to "the Lady Jane's heirs male." But this draft was manipulated so as to read "the Lady Jane and her heirs male." That Edward himself was responsible for these delirious provisions is improbable. But he had been so impregnated with the divine right of kings and the divine truth of Protestantism that he thought he was entitled and bound to override the succession as established by law and exclude a Catholic from the throne; and his last recorded words were vehement injunctions to Cranmer to sign the will.
He died at Greenwich on the 6th of July 1553, and was buried in Henry VII 's chapel by Cranmer with Protestant rites on the 8th of August, while Mary had Mass said for his soul in the Tower.
      Excerpted from:
      Encyclopedia Britannica, 11th Ed., Vol VIII
      Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1910. 997.
Father
Question:
Who was the mother of King Edward the Sixth (1537-1553)?
Answer:
Jane Seymour
Passage:
1910 Fruitgum Company
The 1910 Fruitgum Company is an American bubblegum pop band of the 1960s.  The group's Billboard Hot 100 hits were "Simon Says", "May I Take A Giant Step", "1, 2, 3, Red Light", "Goody Goody Gumdrops", "Indian Giver", "Special Delivery", and "The Train". 

Career

The band began as Jeckell and The Hydes in New Jersey in 1965.  The original  members were  Mark Gutkowski, Floyd Marcus, Pat Karwan, Steve Mortkowitz, and Frank Jeckell - all from Linden, New Jersey.

During 1967, they were signed to Buddah Records, where they released five LPs under their own name and a variety of singles, as well as appearing on the LP The Kasenetz-Katz Singing Orchestral Circus, which sounded like the usual Buddah studio band in spite of its promotion as a "bubblegum superjam". Their first hit single, "Simon Says", was written by Elliot Chiprut. During the recording process, the band changed the beat and patterned the song after "Wooly Bully" by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs. "Simon Says" soon became a success, hitting #4 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.  The track peaked at #2 on the UK Singles Chart  and was heard in the 1968 Frederick Wiseman documentary High School.
  The band started touring, opening for major acts such as  The Beach Boys.   They went on to release the hits "Simon Says", "May I Take a Giant Step", "1, 2, 3, Red Light" (U.S. #5), "Special Delivery" (U.S. #25) ,"Goody, Goody Gumdrops", and "Indian Giver" (U.S. #5).

The original group disbanded in 1970.

Mark Gutkowski, the original lead singer, last performed in 1977 in Europe with the Ohio Express, The Hollies and The Music Explosion.

Early during the 21st century, original members Frank Jeckell and Floyd Marcus put the act back together, along with a few musicians, and started touring again. They performed a concert on November 17, 2007 at the Caravan of Stars XIV, in Henderson, Tennessee.  Also appearing at the show were Dickey Lee, Jimmy Gilmer, Carol Conners (of The Teddy Bears), Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods, Jim Yester (of The Association), Jerry Yester (of The Lovin' Spoonful), and Eddie Brigati (of The Young Rascals).

Million sellers

"Simon Says" sold three and a half million. "1, 2, 3, Red Light" and "Indian Giver" each sold over one million copies.  All three were awarded gold discs. 

Members, past and present

Current lineup

*Frank Jeckell (Original Guitarist)
*Mick Mansueto
*Glenn Lewis
*Bob Brescia
*Keith Crane

Former members

*Ralph Cohen (Douglas)
*Pat Soriano
*Jerry Roth
*Bruce Shay
*Floyd Marcus (Original Drummer)
*David Peckerman
*Rusty Oppenheimer
*Larry Ripley
*Steve Mortkewicz (Original Bass Player)
*Chuck Travis
*Rich Fuchs
*Mark Gutkowski (Original Lead Singer on all the hits and Organist)
*Pat Karwin (Original Lead Guitarist)
*Charles Tedesco (Drummer)
*Gary Poskay (Keyboardist)
*Michael Stoppiello

Discography

Singles

Albums
Question:
What was the 1910 Fruitgum Company's only hit
Answer:
Sime and sess
Passage:
Why Does Santa Give Coal to Bad Kids? | Mental Floss
Why Does Santa Claus Give Coal to Bad Kids? | Mental Floss
Why Does Santa Claus Give Coal to Bad Kids?
iStock
Like us on Facebook
The tradition of giving misbehaving children lumps of fossil fuel predates the Santa we know, and is also associated with St. Nicholas, Sinterklaas, and Italy’s La Befana . Though there doesn't seem to be one specific legend or history about any of these figures that gives a concrete reason for doling out coal specifically, the common thread between all of them seems to be convenience.
Santa and La Befana both get into people’s homes via the fireplace chimney and leave gifts in stockings hung from the mantel. Sinterklaas’s controversial assistant, Black Pete , also comes down the chimney and places gifts in shoes left out near the fireplace. St. Nick used to come in the window, and then switched to the chimney when they became common in Europe. Like Sinterklaas, his presents are traditionally slipped into shoes sitting by the fire.
So, let’s step into the speculation zone: All of these characters are tied to the fireplace. When filling the stockings or the shoes, the holiday gift givers sometimes run into a kid who doesn’t deserve a present. So to send a message and encourage better behavior next year, they leave something less desirable than the usual toys, money, or candy—and the fireplace would seem to make an easy and obvious source of non-presents. All the individual would need to do is reach down into the fireplace and grab a lump of coal. (While many people think of fireplaces burning wood logs, coal-fired ones were very common during the 19th and early 20th centuries, which is when the American Santa mythos was being established.)
That said, with the exception of Santa, none of these characters limits himself to coal when it comes to bad kids. They’ve also been said to leave bundles of twigs , bags of salt , garlic, and onions , which suggests that they’re less reluctant than Santa to haul their bad kid gifts around all night in addition to the good presents.
Have you got a Big Question you'd like us to answer? If so, let us know by emailing us at bigquestions@mentalfloss.com .
Question:
What does Santa give naughty children?
Answer:
Coal-fired
Passage:
Royal Troon Golf Club
Royal Troon Golf Club is a links golf course in Scotland, located in Troon, South Ayrshire, southwest of Glasgow.

Founding and early years

The club, which now has a total of 45 holes, was founded  in 1878, initially with five holes. It lies adjacent to the Firth of Clyde. George Strath was appointed in 1881 as the club's first golf professional, and together with 1882 Open champion Willie Fernie (golfer), designed the original course, expanding it to 18 holes by 1888. World Atlas of Golf, 2012 edition, Octopus Publishing Group Ltd., London, ISBN 978-0-600-62518-6, pp. 58–59 The two were assisted by Charlie Hunter, greenskeeper of the neighbouring Prestwick Golf Club, in Troon's formative years.

When Strath left the Club's employ in 1887, Fernie became head professional, and served in that role until his death in 1924. He laid out the club's original Portland Course as well; this course was named in honour of the 6th Duke of Portland, an essential early Troon Golf Club patron and facilitator, who was one of the region's largest landowners.

The Club's property lies between the Firth of Clyde on the west, a caravan park on the south (slightly further south lies Prestwick Golf Club), the railway line and main road on the east, and the town of Troon on the north. Glasgow Prestwick Airport is located slightly to the south and east of the club, and low-flying aircraft are nearest its southern section.

Redesigned for first Open Championship

Just prior to Royal Troon hosting its first Open Championship in 1923, the Old Course was redesigned, lengthened, and strengthened by James Braid, a five-time Open champion, one of the era's top architects, and a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. Other than having new back tees on several holes, the current Old Course is essentially very similar to Braid's finished work.

Awarded 'Royal' designation

Troon was granted its "Royal" designation in 1978, during its centennial. Its clubhouse is richly decorated with historical golf artifacts. James Montgomerie, father of champion golfer Colin Montgomerie, served as Secretary in the 1980s.

Nine-time host of The Open Championship

Its Old Course is one of the host courses for The Open Championship, one of the major championships on the PGA Tour and European Tour. The Club has hosted the Open nine times, the most recent in 2016.

Past Open champions

Past Open champions at Royal Troon include Justin Leonard, Mark Calcavecchia, Tom Watson, Tom Weiskopf, Arnold Palmer, Bobby Locke, and Arthur Havers. Six consecutive Opens at Troon were won by Americans, from 1962 through 2004, ended by Henrik Stenson of Sweden in 2016.

Noteworthy characteristics

Seaside opening

The Old Course begins alongside the sea, running southwards in a line for the first six holes. This opening section offers full visibility and plenty of space, but does still require accuracy to avoid deep bunkers. Many good rounds have been fashioned through low scores here, often aided by prevailing downwind conditions.

Rise in complexity

Beginning with the seventh, the Old Course turns further inland, while simultaneously changing direction, on each of its next six holes, among hillier dunes and thicker vegetation, including gorse and whins, to severely punish offline shots. This sector, with two blind tee shots on the tenth and 11th, marks a sharp rise in difficulty from the opening holes.

Long finish

With the 13th hole, the player turns northwards for a long, very stern finish, running parallel to the opening stretch. This comprises three long par 4s, two tough par 3s, and a challenging par 5 (the 16th) with its fairway bisected at the halfway point by a ditch, which can only very rarely be carried from the tee. The player very often has to face a strong prevailing wind.

Famous holes

Royal Troon is home to both the longest and shortest holes in Open Championship golf. Regarded as one of the top holes in the world, the par-3 8th hole ("Postage Stamp") measures a scant 123 yd, but its diminutive green measures a mere 2635 sqft.  Two holes earlier, the par-5 6th ("Turnberry") extends to a lengthy 601 yd.

The 11th hole ("The Railway") is one of the most difficult holes in major championship golf. Now a long par-4, a blind tee shot has a long carry over gorse with out of bounds all along the railway on the right. The lengthy approach shot is to a small green that falls away, with nearby out of bounds.

Votes to admit women as members

On 1 July 2016, Royal Troon members voted overwhelmingly to admit women into the club as members, avoiding a potential controversy that could have overshadowed the 2016 Open Championship, and potentially to the club being removed from the Open rota in the future. 

The Portland and Craigend Courses

The Old Course is the championship layout at Royal Troon. Its second course, the Portland, also an 18-hole layout from 1895, but significantly shorter than the Old Course, was redesigned in 1921 by world-renowned architect Dr. Alister MacKenzie, a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame. The Portland is also of very high standard. It is located slightly further inland and mostly further north than the Old Course, with no holes bordering the Firth of Clyde; it has its own clubhouse.

The Craigend Course is a nine-hole par-3 course.

The Club is private; guests are allowed at certain times, under advance booking, with a handicap certificate establishing proficiency.

The Old Course has four tees – "Ladies", "Short", "Medal" and "Championship".

Layout

For 2016 Open Championship:

Lengths of the course for previous Opens (since 1950):

* 2004: 7175 yd, par 71
* 1997: 7079 yd, par 71
* 1989: 7097 yd, par 72
* 1982: 7067 yd, par 72

* 1973: 7064 yd, par 72   
* 1962: 7045 yd, par 72
* 1950: 6583 yd}}, par 70
Question:
What name is given to the shortest hole on the Old Course at Royal Troon Golf Club?
Answer:
Adhesive postage stamp
Passage:
Superstitions in Britain - British Life and Culture in the UK
British Superstitions
Superstitions can be defined as, "irrational beliefs, especially with regard to   the unknown"
(Collins English Dictionary)
General Superstitions
Good Luck
Lucky to meet a black cat. Black Cats are featured on many good luck greetings cards and birthday cards in England.
Lucky to touch wood. We touch; knock on wood, to make something come true.
Lucky to find a clover plant with four leaves.
White heather is lucky.
A horseshoe over the door brings good luck. But the horseshoe needs to be the right way up. The luck runs out of the horseshoe if it is upside down.
Horseshoes are generally a sign of good luck and feature on many good luck cards.
On the first day of the month it is lucky to say " white rabbits, white rabbits white rabbits ," before uttering your first word of the day.
Catch falling leaves in Autumn and you will have  good luck. Every leaf means a lucky month next year.
Cut your hair when the moon is waxing and you will have good luck.
Putting money in the pocket of new clothes brings good luck.
Bad Luck
Unlucky to walk underneath a ladder.
Seven years bad luck to break a mirror. The superstition is supposed to have originated in ancient times, when mirrors   were considered to be tools of the gods.
Unlucky to see one magpie, lucky to see two, etc..
Unlucky to spill salt. If you do, you must throw it over your shoulder to counteract the bad luck.
Unlucky to open an umbrella in doors.
The number thirteen is unlucky. Friday the thirteenth is a very unlucky day. Friday is considered to be an unlucky day because Jesus was crucified on a Friday.
Unlucky to put new shoes on the table.
Unlucky to pass someone on the stairs.
Food Superstitions
When finished eating a boiled egg, push the spoon through the bottom of the empty shell to let the devil out
In Yorkshire, housewives used to believe that bread would not rise if there was a corpse (dead body) in the vicinity, and to cut off both ends of the loaf would make the Devil fly over the house!
Table Superstitions
If you drop a table knife expect a male visitor, if you drop a fork a female visitor.
Crossed cutlery on your plate and expect a quarrel.
Leave a white tablecloth on a table overnight and expect a death.
Animal Superstitions
Animals feature a lot in our superstitions as they do in superstitions around the world.
One ancient British superstition holds that if a child rides on a bear's back it will be protected from whooping-cough. (Bears used to roam Britain but now they are not seen on our shores)
In some parts of the UK meeting two or three Ravens together is considered really bad. One very English superstition concerns the tame Ravens at the Tower of London . It is believed if they leave then the crown of England will be lost.
It is said to be bad luck  if you see bats flying and hear their cries. In the middle ages it was believed that witches were closely associated with bats.
If a Sparrow enters a house it is an omen of death to one of the people who live there. In some areas it is believed that to avoid bad luck, any Sparrow caught must be immediately killed otherwise the person who caught it will die.
In some areas black Rabbits are thought to host the souls of human beings. White Rabbits are said to be really witches and some believe that saying 'White Rabbit' on the first day of each month brings luck. A common lucky charm is a Rabbit's foot, but not for the Rabbit.
It is thought very unlucky to have the feathers of a Peacock within the home or handle anything made with them. This is possibly because of the eye shape present upon these feathers i.e. the Evil-Eye associated with wickedness.
 
Wedding Superstitions
Question:
In the UK, which animals are traditionally associated with the first of the month?
Answer:
White Rabbits
Passage:
Shoestring (TV series)
Shoestring is a BBC television show set in Bristol. It featured a private detective with his own show on Radio West, the local radio station.

The programme ran between 30 September 1979 and 21 December 1980, in two series with 21 one-hour-long episodes. Star Trevor Eve decided not to return to the role after two series, as he wanted to diversify into theatre roles, so the same production team changed the format to be based in Jersey and created Bergerac, also about a detective returning to work after a bad period in his life.

Premise
 
Eddie Shoestring is a computer expert who suffers a nervous breakdown.  In those days computers were large bulky machines with open reel tape drives creating considerable noise. In one episode Shoestring visits such a computer room and finds it hard to maintain a steady grip. After a period of convalescence, Shoestring decides to try his hand at detective work.  His landlady, barrister Erica Bayliss, arranges for him to investigate a potential scandal involving an entertainer who works for the local Radio West. 

After sorting the matter out, Shoestring visits Radio West to brief his client who has just chaired an unsuccessful planning meeting to come up with new programme ideas.  Inspired by a sketch of herself made by Shoestring, Radio West's receptionist Sonia proposes that he is hired as the station's "private ear"  to present a weekly broadcast entitled 'The Private Ear of Eddie Shoestring': members of the public are offered his services in order to investigate cases affecting them, such as disappearances or the unsolved deaths of loved ones. The final episode was a Christmas special. The episode "Find The Lady" featured singer Toyah Willcox and allowed her to perform some of her own material in character.

Almost a year after the show finished, 27 October 1981 Bristol's first independent radio station was started under the name of Radio West. The franchise battle had been hard fought and two groups, Radio Avonside and Bristol Channel, came together to form the winning consortium. 

Afternoon repeats on BBC One in January 2002 were highly edited, cut down to between 42 and 44 minutes duration.

Cast
 
* Trevor Eve as Eddie Shoestring, a computer expert who suffers a nervous breakdown and turns to detective work instead. He is hired as "Private Ear" for Radio West and investigates cases for the public free of charge. He is sometimes called "bootlace".  At first he drives an old Hillman Hunter, but when this is destroyed, he purchases a bright orange Ford Cortina estate.
* Michael Medwin as Don Satchley, the owner of Radio West. He sometimes finds that Shoestring's cases conflict with his commercial interests.
* Doran Godwin as Erica Bayliss, Shoestring's landlady who got him the job at Radio West where, as a barrister, she sometimes provides legal advice. There are some hints of a romance between them.
* Liz Crowther as Sonia, receptionist at Radio West.

Episode list

Series 1 (1979)

Series 2 (1980)

Books
 
BBC Books published two novels based on the series written by Paul Ableman, Shoestring (1979) and Shoestring's Finest Hour (1980).

DVD release
 
Shoestring was scheduled to be released on DVD (Region 2, UK) by DD Home Entertainment in 2005 but was abandoned due to the high cost of music rights licensing (the series being set at a radio station).

However, 2|entertain have confirmed a UK (Region 2) DVD release of Series One for 17 October 2011.   Episodes will be uncut apart from one small music replacement, the first time the series has been seen uncut since UK Gold screenings in the early 1990s.

In June 2012, the first series was released as a box set.
Question:
Who played both Eddie Shoestring and Peter Boyd on TV?
Answer:
Trevor Eve
Passage:
Common bream
The common bream, freshwater bream, bream, bronze bream  or carp bream,  Abramis brama, is a European species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is now considered to be the only species in the genus Abramis.

Range and habitat

The common bream's home range is Europe north of the Alps and Pyrenees, as well as the Balkans. It is found as far east as the Caspian Sea, the Black Sea, and the Aral Sea. The common bream lives in ponds, lakes and canals, and in slow-flowing rivers.

Description

The bream is usually  long, though some specimens of  have been recorded; it usually weighs . The maximum length is 90 cm (35.5 in) with a maximum recorded weight of about 9.1 kg (20 lb).

It has a laterally flattened and high-backed body and a slightly undershot mouth. It is a silvery grey colour, though older fish can be bronze-coloured especially in clear waters. The fins are greyish to black, but never reddish.

Similar-looking fish

The common bream can easily be confused with the silver or white bream (Blicca bjoerkna), in particular at the younger stages (see picture). The most reliable method of distinguishing these species is by counting the scales in a straight line downwards from the first ray of the dorsal fin to the lateral line. Silver bream have fewer than 10 rows of scales, while common bream have 11 or more. At the adult stage the reddish tint of the pectoral fin of the silver bream is diagnostic. Like other Cyprinidae, common bream can easily hybridise with other species, and hybrids with roach (Rutilus rutilus) can be very difficult to distinguish from pure-bred bream.Giles, Nick, Freshwater Fish of the British Isles: A Guide for Anglers and Naturalists, Swan Hill Press, 1994, ISBN 1-85310-317-9, pp 140–144

Habitat

The common bream generally lives in rivers (especially in the lower reaches) and in nutrient-rich lakes and ponds with muddy bottoms and plenty of algae. It can also be found in brackish sea waters.

Feeding habits

The common bream lives in schools near the bottom. At night common bream can feed close to the shore and in clear waters with sandy bottoms feeding pits can be seen during daytime. The fish's protractile mouth helps it dig for chironomid larvae, Tubifex worms, bivalves, and gastropods. The bream eats water plants and plankton, as well.

In very turbid waters, common bream can occur in large numbers, which may result in a shortage of bottom-living prey such as chironomids. The bream are then forced to live by filter feeding with their gill rakers, Daphnia water fleas being the main prey. As the fish grows, the gill rakers become too far apart to catch small prey and the bream will not then grow bigger than .  If a common bream is malnourished, it can develop a so-called "knife back", a sharp edge along its back.

Spawning

The common bream spawns from April to June, when water temperatures are around . At this time, the males form territories within which the females lay 100,000 to 300,000 eggs on water plants. The fry hatch after three to 12 days and attach themselves to water plants with special adhesive glands, until their yolk is used up.

Because of their slender shape, the young fish are often not recognised as bream, but they can be identified by their flat bodies and silvery colour. At this stage, the fish are still pelagic, but after a few months, they acquire their typical body shape and become bottom-dwellers. By three to four years old, the fish are sexually mature.

Fishing

They are fished both commercially and for sport.

However, bream do not often fight as hard as some other species native to the UK, and owing to their flat, disc-shaped profile, once tilted to one side, are relatively easy to bring to the bank.
Common baits for bream include:
* Sweetcorn - two or three grains hair-rigged is an effective method.
* Maggot - again, hair rigging maggots can produce bream, or two to three maggots straight on the hook.
* Boilies - these can produce bream as long as the boilies are smaller, in a variety of flavours.
All three methods can be fished using a paternoster rig, and cage feeder with the bait, for example sweetcorn fixed inside using groundbait plugs, or maggot feeder when fishing maggots.
Question:
Which fish has the Latin name Abramis brama?
Answer:
BREAM
Passage:
Brassica oleracea
Brassica oleracea is the species of plant that includes many common foods as cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, kale, Brussels sprouts, collard greens, savoy, kohlrabi and kai-lan.

In its uncultivated form, it is known as wild cabbage. It is native to coastal southern and western Europe. Its high tolerance of salt and lime and its intolerance of competition from other plants typically restrict its natural occurrence to limestone sea cliffs, like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel,  and the windswept coast on the western side of the Isle of Wight.

Wild B. oleracea is a tall biennial plant, forming a stout rosette of large leaves in the first year, the leaves being fleshier and thicker than those of other species of Brassica, adaptations to store water and nutrients in its difficult growing environment. In its second year, the stored nutrients are used to produce a flower spike 1 to(-) tall bearing numerous yellow flowers.

Cultivation and uses 

B. oleracea has become established as an important human food crop plant, used because of its large food reserves, which are stored over the winter in its leaves. It is rich in essential nutrients including vitamin C.  A diet rich in cruciferous vegetables (e.g., cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower) is linked to a reduced risk of several human cancers.Verhoeven DT, Goldbohm RA, van Poppel G, Verhagen H, van den Brandt PA (1996)Epidemiological studies on brassica vegetables and cancer risk.Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev5(9):733–748. Higdon JV, Delage B, Williams DE, Dashwood RH (2007) Cruciferous vegetables and human cancer risk: Epidemiologic evidence and mechanistic basis. Pharmacol Res 55(3):224–236.

Although it is believed to have been cultivated for several thousand years, its history as a domesticated plant is not clear before Greek and Roman times, when it was a well-established garden vegetable. Theophrastus mentions three kinds of rhaphanos (ῤάφανος):  a curly-leaved, a smooth-leaved, and a wild-type.  He reports the antipathy of the cabbage and the grape vine, for the ancients believed cabbages grown near grapes would impart their flavour to the wine.  It has been bred into a wide range of cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, brussels sprouts, collards, and kale, some of which are hardly recognisable as being members of the same genus, let alone species. The historical genus of Crucifera, meaning "cross-bearing," may be the only unifying feature beyond taste.

Origins 

According to the Triangle of U theory, B. oleracea is very closely related to five other species of the genus Brassica.

The cultivars of B. oleracea are grouped by developmental form into seven major cultivar groups, of which the Acephala ("non-heading") group remains most like the natural Wild Cabbage in appearance:
*Brassica oleracea Acephala Group – kale and collard greens
*Brassica oleracea Alboglabra Group – Chinese broccoli or Kai-lan
*Brassica oleracea Botrytis Group – cauliflower, Romanesco broccoli and broccoflower
*Brassica oleracea Capitata Group – cabbage
*Brassica oleracea Gemmifera Group – brussels sprouts
*Brassica oleracea Gongylodes Group – kohlrabi
*Brassica oleracea Italica Group – broccoli

In places such as the Channel Islands and Canary Islands where the frost is minimal and plants are thus freed from seasonality, some cultivars, known as Jersey cabbages, can grow up to three meters tall. These "tree cabbages" yield fresh leaves throughout the year, are perennial, and do not need to be destroyed at harvest as with a normal cabbage. Their woody stalks are sometimes dried and made into [http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bâtons_d%27chour.jpg walking sticks]. 

History 

With the advent of agriculture and the domestication of wild crop plants, the peoples of the Mediterranean began cultivating wild cabbage. Through artificial selection for various phenotype traits the emergence of variations of the plant with drastic differences in looks took only a few thousand years. Preference for leaves, terminal bud, lateral bud, stem and inflorescence evolved the wild cabbage into the many forms we know today. 

Impact of Preference  

* The preference for the eating of the leaves led to the selection of plants with larger leaves being harvested and their seeds planted for the next growth. Around the 5th century BC the formation of what we now know as kale had developed. 
* Preference led to further artificial selection of kale plants with more tightly bunched leaves, or terminal bud. Somewhere around the 1st century AD emerged the phenotype variation of Brassica oleracea that we know as cabbage. 
* Phenotype selection preferences in Germany led kale down another evolutionary pathway. By selecting for fatter stems the variant plant known as kohlrabi emerged around the 1st century AD. 
* Further selection in Belgium in lateral bud led to the Brussels sprout in the 18th century.
* European preference emerged for eating immature buds, selection for inflorescence. By the 15th century AD cauliflower had developed leading also to the emergence of broccoli in Italy about 100 years later.

Cultivars
Question:
Which green vegetable belongs to the Brassica Oleracea Italica group of plants?
Answer:
Anime Gamers USA
