Passage:
Ganache
Ganache (; from the French word for "jowl")  is a glaze, icing, sauce, or filling for pastries  made from chocolate and cream. 
Ganache is normally made by heating cream, then pouring it over chopped chocolate of any kind. The mixture is stirred or blended until smooth, with liqueurs or extracts added if desired. Butter is traditionally added to give the ganache a shiny appearance and smooth texture.

Depending on the kind of chocolate used, for what purpose the ganache is intended, and the temperature at which it will be served, the ratio of chocolate to cream is varied to obtain the desired consistency. Typically, two parts chocolate to one part cream are used for filling cakes or as a base for making chocolate truffles, while one to one is commonly used as a glaze. Cooled ganache can be whipped to increase volume and spread to cover a cake. However, if left to cool too much it can become too thick and unspreadable. Another common use of ganache is to be poured into a mold or terrine while warm and allowed to set or cool. Once it has cooled it can be removed from the mold and sliced similarly to pâté.

File:Chocolate cake with ganache frosting.jpg|A chocolate cake with ganache frosting
File:Ganache.ogg|A video of making ganache
Question:
In cookery, what are the two ingredients of ganache?
Answer:
Chocolate and cream
Passage:
Thwaite (placename element)
Thwaite is a common element of placenames in North West England, and Yorkshire.  It is also found elsewhere in England, including two places called Thwaite in Norfolk and one in Suffolk.   It is most often found as a suffix.  It is a common element of field names, as well as settlement names.  

The name is usually from Old Norse thveit (also written þveit), but sometimes from Old Danish thwēt, both meaning "clearing" or "meadow".  Nevertheless, in England the name does not necessarily indicate a place of Scandinavian or Norman foundation, because it is often found in combination with Middle English or Old German personal names. 

The element is also found in Normandy.  In the Eure department alone there are at least five placenames with the same thveit root and meaning "clearing in a wooded area", locally represented as Thuit: Le Thuit; Thuit-Hébert; Le Thuit-Simer; Le Thuit-Signol; Le Thuit-Anger. In total there is no fewer than 89 placenames in Normandy with 'Tuit' in them. 

In Orkney and Shetland the element appears as Twatt. In Norway, the element appears as Tveit (Nynorsk) or Tvedt (Dano-Norwegian).
Question:
In place names what is the original meaning of `thwaite' as in Satterthwaite?
Answer:
CLEARING or MEADOW
Passage:
Derek Randall
Derek William Randall (born 24 February 1951, Retford, Nottinghamshire, England) is an English former cricketer, who played first-class cricket for Nottinghamshire, and Tests and ODIs for England in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Known to cricketing colleagues and cricket fans as "Arkle" after the racehorse, but always "Rags" to himself,  he was one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1980. The cricket writer Colin Bateman said, "The Retford imp was, and still is, one of the most fondly admired figures in the game... the rolling gait and big sad eyes make him Chaplinesque – and like all clowns, there is pathos behind the public image... At times, genius sat on Randall's shoulders – the only trouble was it would not stop fidgeting". Randall played 47 Tests and 49 One Day International matches for England as a right-handed batsman before retiring to become a coach and cricket writer.

First-class career

Randall first came to note as a cover fielder, as one-day cricket forced fielding standards to improve. His run out of Gordon Greenidge in the 1979 Cricket World Cup final highlighted this, and his partnership with David Gower was a feature of the successful England team of the immediate post-Packer era. Known for his eccentric movement at the crease, Randall was a determined batsman, specialising in hooks, pulls, cuts and cover drives, the former being used most memorably against Dennis Lillee in the Centenary Test in Melbourne in 1977 when he made 174, the highest Test score by any Nottinghamshire batsman in the history of Test cricket.

After learning his cricket at Retford Cricket Club, Randall made his Nottinghamshire second XI debut in 1969, and his first-class debut against Essex at the end of May 1972, scoring 78 from number eight in the batting order with the next highest score being Garry Sobers' 32.  He won plaudits for his talent in the covers, won his Nottinghamshire cap in 1973 and went on to score 28,456 runs in all first-class cricket. Randall batted for the successful Nottinghamshire team of the early 1980s, winning the County Championship. 

With his team needing eighteen to win from the final over of the 1985 NatWest Trophy final, he hit sixteen from the first five balls, only to be caught in the outfield from the final delivery. 

He compiled fifty-two hundreds in all, and made 209 and 146 in the same game against Middlesex in 1979, a feat unequalled at Trent Bridge. He scored 1,000 runs in a season eight times, took 361 catches and 13 wickets at 31.00. His first-class bowling strike rate of 37 balls per wicket, compared well to Richard Hadlee's 45. He was popular with the crowds, who found his enthusiastic fielding and comic antics entertaining. He was famous for running, rather than walking, towards the batsman in the covers as the bowler delivered the ball and was responsible for many run-outs.

He retired from first-class cricket in 1993, but later turned out in Minor Counties cricket for Suffolk, playing in the NatWest Trophy at the age of 49, and in a match for "Old Suffolk" in 2004.

International career

During the Centenary Test, Randall scored 174 at Melbourne, against an Australian attack led by Dennis Lillee.  He famously doffed his cap to Lillee, after narrowly evading a savage bouncer, stating, "No point in hitting me there, mate, there's nothing in it."  When finally dismissed he left the ground by the wrong gate, and found himself climbing up towards the Royal enclosure where Queen Elizabeth II was watching the day's play. "She was very nice about it," he told the BBC. "She smiled. Someone else quickly put me right."

He took the catch which clinched the Ashes in 1977 at Headingley, turning a cartwheel in celebration. Randall performed well against Australia, with the next tour in 1978/79 bringing a 5–1 Ashes win and two man of the match performances for Randall.  His innings of 150 in a series dominated by fast bowlers being the highlight. Randall scored centuries against New Zealand and India, and one from the position of opener against Pakistan, but he struggled against the West Indian attack of 1984, when he was asked to bat at number three in the first Test match of the summer, never to return. 

Randall was often the selectors' scapegoat for England's failings, and his Test batting positions ranged from number one to seven. Bateman commented about Randall, "he was always available, always loyal, and his Test average in no way flattered him". He played in more Tests than his Nottinghamshire alumni, such as Reg Simpson, Harold Larwood, Bill Voce, Joe Hardstaff senior, Joe Hardstaff junior and Arthur Shrewsbury.

Test centuries

* 174 v Australia at Melbourne (1977)
* 150 v Australia at Sydney (1979)
* 126 v India at Lord's (1982)
* 105 v Pakistan at Edgbaston (1982)
* 115 v Australia at Perth (1982)
* 164 v New Zealand at Wellington (1984)
* 104 v New Zealand at Auckland (1984)

Retirement

After retirement from first-class cricket, Randall coached numerous school and university sides, among many other projects. He coached Cambridge University and Bedford School; when Alastair Cook came through the School's First XI, Randall recommended that the youngster be picked for the ECB National Academy. He also coached Bedfordshire in the Minor County Championship. The 'Derek Randall Suite' at Trent Bridge is named in his honour. Randall  played for Matlock Cricket Club until 2010.

His books include The Young Player's Guide to Cricket and his autobiography, The Sun Has Got His Hat On.

Notes
Question:
The cricketer Derek Randall had which, racehorse -related, nickname?
Answer:
ARKLE
Passage:
Photophobia (biology)
In biology, photophobia (adjective: photophobic) refers to negative response to light.

Photophobia is a behavior demonstrated by insects or other animals which seek to stay out of the light.

In botany, the term photophobia/photophobic describes shade-loving plants that thrive in low light conditions. 

Photophobia (or photophobic response) may also refer to a negative phototaxis or phototropism response.
Question:
Photophobia is a fear of what?
Answer:
Lightsource
Passage:
Senet
Senet (or Senat ) is a board game from predynastic and ancient Egypt. The oldest hieroglyph representing a Senet game dates to around 3100 BC.  The full name of the game in Egyptian was zn.t n.t ḥˁb meaning the "game of passing".

History

Senet is one of the oldest known board games. It has been found in predynastic and First Dynasty burials of Egypt, c. 3500 BC and 3100 BC respectively. Senet is also featured in a painting from the tomb of Merknera (3300–2700 BC).  Another painting of this ancient game is from the Third Dynasty tomb of Hesy (c. 2686–2613 BC). It is also depicted in a painting in the tomb of Rashepes (c. 2500 BC). 

By the time of the New Kingdom in Egypt (1550–1077 BC), it had become a kind of talisman for the journey of the dead. Because of the element of luck in the game and the Egyptian belief in determinism, it was believed that a successful player was under the protection of the major gods of the national pantheon: the sun deity Ra, the wisdom deity Thoth, and sometimes the afterlife deity Osiris. Consequently, Senet boards were often placed in the grave alongside other useful objects for the dangerous journey through the afterlife, and the game is referred to in Chapter XVII of the Book of the Dead. 

Gameplay

The Senet gameboard is a grid of 30 squares, arranged in three rows of ten. A Senet board has two sets of pawns (at least five of each or, in some sets, more, as well as shorter games with fewer). Although details of the original game rules are a subject of some conjecture, Senet historians Timothy Kendall and R. C. Bell, respectively, have made their own reconstructions of the game.  Their rules have been adopted by sellers of modern Senet sets.
Question:
Senet is a grid game for two players and is thought to be the oldest board game in the world. In which country did it originate?
Answer:
EGY
Passage:
Charlie the Tuna
Charlie the Tuna is the cartoon mascot and spokes-tuna for the StarKist brand. He was created by Tom Rogers  of the Leo Burnett Agency after StarKist hired Leo Burnett in 1961. StarKist Tuna is the name of a brand of tuna currently owned by Dongwon Industries, a South Korea-based conglomerate.  StarKist itself is based in Pittsburgh, the home of its former parent company, H. J. Heinz Company, sharing its headquarters on the site of Three Rivers Stadium with another former parent company, Del Monte Foods' Pittsburgh headquarters.

History

Creation

As reported in news stories about Rogers, Charlie the Tuna was based on Rogers' friend, the actor-songwriter Henry Nemo.  B-movie actress Maila Nurmi claims that the character was originally sketched six years earlier by the actor James Dean while she was sitting with him one night in Googie's coffee shop in Los Angeles. However, StarKist and Burnett both give full credit to Rogers,  and there is no actual evidence for Nurmi's claim. 

Campaign

The advertisements depicted Charlie (voiced by actor Herschel Bernardi) as a hipster wearing a Greek fisherman's hat and coke-bottle glasses, whose goal is to be caught by the StarKist company. Charlie believes that he is so hip and cultured that he has "good taste," and he is thus the perfect tuna for StarKist. Charlie is always rejected in the form of a note attached to a fish hook that says, "Sorry, Charlie."  The reason given by the narrator (voiced by Danny Dark) for the rejection was that StarKist was not looking for tuna with good taste but rather for tuna that tasted good. Some of the commercials ended with Charlie appeasing the viewers:  "Tell 'em, Charlie sent you". These commercials were animated by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises. 

"Sorry, Charlie" became closely associated with StarKist and was also a popular American catchphrase. Charlie appeared in more than 85 advertisements for StarKist until the 1980s, when the campaign was retired. Charlie made a comeback in 1999, when StarKist revived him to introduce their new line of healthier tuna products.  He has been the mascot of the company since then.

Bernardi, the original voice of the character, died on May 9, 1986.   Dark died on June 13, 2004.  Rogers died on June 24, 2005. 

Legacy

Los Angeles radio personality and voiceover artist Charlie Tuna (real name: Art Ferguson) chose his on-air name early in his career upon the departure of another Oklahoma City disc jockey.  All disc jockeys at KOMA were told to draw their on-air names out of a hat, and by the time Chuck Riley picked his on-air name out of a hat, every name had been drawn except for "Charlie Tuna."  Riley used the name for a week, and then left.  His replacement, Art Ferguson, inherited the name, and he would keep the Charlie Tuna name upon relocating first to Boston and then Los Angeles.

American football head coach Bill Parcells earned the nickname "The Big Tuna" when he responded to an obviously false statement from a player with the incredulous "Who do you think I am? Charlie the Tuna?"

American hip-hop star Chali 2na chose his rap name by slightly modifying the name Charlie Tuna, a nickname his uncle gave him in his youth.
Question:
What tuna brand uses a cartoon mascot known as Charlie the Tuna to advertise their product?
Answer:
StarKist Tuna
Passage:
Ossuary
An ossuary is a chest, box, building, well, or site made to serve as the final resting place of human skeletal remains. They are frequently used where burial space is scarce. A body is first buried in a temporary grave, then after some years the skeletal remains are removed and placed in an ossuary. The greatly reduced space taken up by an ossuary means that it is possible to store the remains of many more people in a single tomb than if the original coffins were left as is.

Persian 

In Persia, the Zoroastrians used a deep well for this function from the earliest times (c. 3,000 years ago) and called it astudan (literally, "the place for the bones"). There are many rituals and regulations in the Zoroastrian faith concerning the astudans.

Roman Catholic 

Many examples of ossuaries are found within Europe, including the Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini in Rome, Italy; in south Italy the Martyrs of Otranto; the Fontanelle cemetery and Purgatorio ad Arco, Naples and many others; the San Bernardino alle Ossa in Milan, Italy; the Sedlec Ossuary in the Czech Republic; the Skull Chapel in Czermna in Lower Silesia, Poland; and Capela dos Ossos ("Chapel of Bones") in Évora, Portugal. The village of Wamba in the province of Valladolid, Spain, has an impressive ossuary of over a thousand skulls inside the local church, dating from between the 12th and 18th centuries. A more recent example is the Douaumont ossuary in France, which contains the remains of more than 130,000 French and German soldiers that fell at the Battle of Verdun during World War I. The Catacombs of Paris represents another famous ossuary.

The catacombs beneath the Monastery of San Francisco in Lima, Peru, also contains an ossuary.

Eastern Orthodox

The use of ossuaries is a longstanding tradition in the Orthodox Church. The remains of an Orthodox Christian are treated with special reverence, in conformity with the biblical teaching that the body of a believer is a "temple of the Holy Spirit" (, etc.), having been sanctified and transfigured by Baptism, Holy Communion and the participation in the mystical life of the Church.  In Orthodox monasteries, when one of the brethren dies, his remains are buried (for details, see Christian burial) for one to three years, and then disinterred, cleaned and gathered into the monastery's charnel house. If there is reason to believe that the departed is a saint, the remains may be placed in a reliquary; otherwise the bones are usually mingled together (skulls together in one place, long bones in another, etc.). The remains of an abbot may be placed in a separate ossuary made out of wood or metal.

The use of ossuaries is also found among the laity in the Greek Orthodox Church. The departed will be buried for one to three years and then, often on the anniversary of death, the family will gather with the parish priest and celebrate a parastas (memorial service), after which the remains are disinterred, washed with wine, perfumed, and placed in a small ossuary of wood or metal, inscribed with the name of the departed, and placed in a room, often in or near the church, which is dedicated to this purpose.

Jewish

During the time of the Second Temple, Jewish burial customs included primary burials in burial caves, followed by secondary burials in ossuaries placed in smaller niches of the burial caves. Some of the limestone ossuaries that have been discovered, particularly around the Jerusalem area, include intricate geometrical patterns and inscriptions identifying the deceased. Among the best-known Jewish ossuaries of this period are: an ossuary inscribed 'Simon the Temple builder' in the collection of the Israel Museum, another inscribed 'Elisheba wife of Tarfon', one inscribed 'Yehohanan ben Hagkol' that contained an iron nail in a heel bone suggesting crucifixion, another inscribed 'James son of Joseph, brother of Jesus', the authenticity of which is opposed by some and strongly supported by others, and ten ossuaries recovered from the Talpiot Tomb in 1980, several of which are reported to have names from the New Testament.

During the Second Temple period, Jewish sages debated whether the occasion of the gathering of a parent's bones for a secondary burial was a day of sorrow or rejoicing; it was resolved that it was a day of fasting in the morning and feasting in the afternoon. The custom of secondary burial in ossuaries did not persist among Jews past the Second Temple period nor appear to exist among Jews outside the land of Israel.
Question:
What would you find in an ossuary?
Answer:
Bone lining cell
Passage:
Almost Like Being in Love
"Almost Like Being in Love" is a popular song published in 1947. The music was written by Frederick Loewe, and the lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner.

The song was made popular by David Brooks and Marion Bell in the 1947 musical Brigadoon. It was later performed in the 1954 film version by Gene Kelly.

There were three hit versions of the song in the United States in 1947.  Frank Sinatra's version was the highest charting at #20.  Mildred Bailey and Mary Martin both charted with the song at #21 that year.

Nat King Cole recorded more than one version of the song, including a later version that was used as the closing song in the 1993 movie Groundhog Day which starred Bill Murray. Cole's version, in the key of G major like the original, features a ii–V–I turnaround (2-5-1) in G, a pair of similar 2-5-1 sequences in E major and D major for the bridge, after which it raises the refrain a half-step with a 2-5-1 in A flat major.

The song was revived in a downbeat ballad version by singer Michael Johnson (#32, 1978). It was also made popular by British singing sensation Dame Shirley Bassey. Like Judy Garland, Ms. Bassey performs this song as a medley with the song, This Can't Be Love.

Cover versions

Other musicians who have recorded "Almost Like Being in Love" include:

* Lester Young – Lester Young with the Oscar Peterson Trio (1952)
* Sonny Rollins and the Modern Jazz Quartet – Sonny Rollins with the Modern Jazz Quartet (1953)
* Nat King Cole – Sings For Two In Love (1955)
* Red Garland – Red Garland's Piano (1957)
* Della Reese - A Date With Della Reese At Mr. Kelly's In Chicago (1958)
* Cliff Richard (1960)
* Frank Sinatra – Come Swing With Me (1961)
* In 1961, Judy Garland performed the song as a medley with "This Can't Be Love" at her Judy at Carnegie Hall concert
* Ella Fitzgerald – Ella Sings Broadway (1963)
* Johnny Hartman – Unforgettable Songs (1966)
* Dean Martin (1973)
* Melanie Safka – Sunset and Other Beginnings (1975)
* Marti Webb - Performance (1989)
* Natalie Cole – Unforgettable... with Love (1991)
* Anthony Warlow – Back In The Swing (1993)
* Woody Allen as Z-4195 from Antz (1998, short rendition)
* Rufus Wainwright – Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall (2007)
* Jermaine Jackson – I Wish You Love (2012)
Question:
The Song 'It's almost like being in love' comes from which musical?
Answer:
BRIGADOON
Passage:
Western roll
The Western roll  is a high jump technique invented by George  Horine of Stanford University.

History of the Western roll

It is said that George Horine came to invent the Western roll because the high jump pit at Stanford could be approached from only one side.  Another, perhaps more plausible, explanation is that the style was invented by the Stanford coach Edward Moulton.  However, neither of these stories occurs in a detailed contemporary profile of Horine, which states that Horine arrived at the style himself after many months of experimentation.  The style was controversial at first, partly because of rivalry between the US East and West Coasts (hence the label "Western" given to Horine's style). The initial  objections, due to the "no diving" rule then in force, were overcome by the development of a Western roll style in which the lead foot precedes the head in crossing the bar. Another Western athlete, Alma Richards of Utah, won the 1912 Olympic high jump using a Western roll with a more frontal, feet-first, approach. 

While the "no diving" rule was still in force, the world high jump record was captured by a series of Western roll jumpers: George Horine (1912, 6 ft), Edward Beeson (1914), Harold Osborn (1924), Walter Marty (1933), and Cornelius Johnson (1936). Johnson's record, (6 ft), was equaled on the same day by Dave Albritton, the first world record holder to use what we now call the straddle technique. At first, the straddle was viewed as just a variation of the Western roll,  and indeed video of the 1936 Olympics shows Albritton using a conventional Western roll at lower heights. The straddle did not come to dominate the high jump until the mid-1950s, by which time it was recognized as a separate style. Walt Davis was the last Western roll jumper to hold the world record, jumping 6 ft in 1953.

Only when Charles Dumas used the straddle technique to make the first 7 ft jump, in 1956, did the Western roll begin to disappear.

Impact on high jump rules

The Western roll was the catalyst for two changes in the rules of high jumping. 

The first was in high jump equipment. Until the 1930s, the high jump bar rested on two pegs that projected from the back of the uprights. Consequently, the jumper could hit the bar quite hard without dislodging it, by pressing it back against the uprights. This was scarcely possible for scissors jumpers, but easily possible with the Western roll. This loophole was exploited by Harold Osborn, among
others.  As a result, high jump equipment was changed to ensure that the bar could be dislodged both backwards and forwards. 

The other change was in the "no diving" rule, which was repealed shortly after the world record jumps of Johnson and Albritton, thus allowing the head to cross the bar before the feet. This led to a "dive" version of the western roll, which was used by the next world record holder, Melvin Walker in 1937,  and also by Walt Davis.

Description of the Western roll technique

The crucial difference between the Western roll and the various scissors styles that preceded it is in the direction of approach — from the opposite side, so that the takeoff leg is the one nearer to the bar. The lead leg is usually kicked up vigorously, lifting the body into a layout on the side or back above the bar, with the trailing leg folded beneath the lead leg. After the bar has been crossed, the body rotates to face the ground, and the trail leg drops to enable a three-point landing on it and the hands. Thus the Western roll is actually a glorified "hop" over the bar, and indeed the style is easily learned by starting with a hop and gradually strengthening the lead leg kick until the body is pulled into a layout above the bar.

The Western roll was a competitive high jump style for a long time because it was easy to learn and more efficient (allowing clearance of a bar that is closer to the height of the center of mass) than 
all but the most contorted variants of the scissors. It also enabled a comfortable landing in the crude sand pits provided for high jumpers up until the 1950s. However, the technique is less efficient than the straddle technique, a style that evolved from the Western roll when the rotation of the body was increased to the point where the bar was crossed face down.
Question:
'Straddle'and 'Western Roll' were techniques used in which athletics event?
Answer:
Highjump
Passage:
What is a Brochette? (with pictures) - wiseGEEK
What is a Brochette? (with pictures)
What is a Brochette?
Last Modified Date: 13 December 2016
Copyright Protected:
These 10 animal facts will amaze you
In French, a brochette is a skewer, and foods cooked on a skewer are said to be en brochette. The word has been adopted into the English language, and English speakers usually interpret “brochette” to refer to food which has been cooked on a skewer, typically in a French style. In some parts of the American south, especially Louisiana, many types of brochettes are available, an enduring testimony to the French cultural influence in these areas. Brochette is available in some French restaurants as well, and it can also be made at home.
Many cuisines around the world have some version of the brochette. In Greece, it is known as souvlaki, while Thais call it satay and many Middle Easterners know it as kabob. As a general rule, people use specific ethnic terms to refer to foods from that nation, and “brochette” is usually used to discuss French food. However, a great deal of fusion between cuisines has occurred, leading to French style brochette served with Thai peanut sauce , for example.
The core of any brochette is, of course, the skewer. Foods are pierced with the skewer for cooking, whether they are grilled, baked, sauteed, roasted, or broiled. Diners can eat food directly off the skewer, sometimes using the skewer as a handle to dip the food in sauce, or they can tease the food off with an eating utensil for more tidy consumption. Typically, foods are coated in a marinade or rub before they are cooked.
Meats such as lamb, chicken, game, and seafood are common offerings in brochettes. Vegetables and fruits can also be used, and many cooks mix the two for flavor variation. Brochette may be served on its own, sometimes with a dipping sauce, or it may be part of a larger plate, as is the case with brochette served over rice or pasta. It is a common inclusion at buffet spreads, since brochettes can be easily picked up and handled by guests.
Making a brochette at home is quite easy. You'll need skewers and whatever ingredients you would like to cook on them, along with a marinade. For a very basic marinade, try mixing olive oil, vinegar , Worcestershire sauce, garlic , finely chopped onions, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Cut the food into evenly sized chunks, and marinate it for at least half an hour before putting it on the skewers. Cook the skewers using your method of choice, and serve warm with slices of lemon.
Ad
Question:
How is food en brochette cooked and/or served?
Answer:
On a Skewer
Passage:
Gazelles: Facts & Pictures - Live Science
Gazelles: Facts & Pictures
Gazelles: Facts & Pictures
By Alina Bradford, Live Science Contributor |
July 21, 2014 05:12pm ET
MORE
The Thomson's gazelle (Eudorcas thomsonii) looks similar to Grant's Gazelle, but is noticeably smaller and has a white patch on its rump that extends beyond its tail onto its back. The animal can reach speeds of 50 mph (80 kph) and roams about the open, grassy plains of Africa.
Credit: Svetlana Starostina | Dreamstime
Gazelles are thin, graceful antelopes that live in Africa and Asia. They resemble deer and are in the same family as goats, cattle and sheep. Gazelles can be identified by their curved, ringed horns, tan or reddish-brown coats and white rumps. Often, there are spots or stripes on their coats. Their light frames help make them agile and better able to escape from predators.
There are 19 species of gazelle, according to the Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS). Smaller species, such as the Speke's gazelle and Thomson's gazelle, are only 20 to 43 inches (51 to 109 centimeters) at the shoulder. They weigh from 26 to 165 pounds (12 to 75 kilograms). The dama gazelle is the largest gazelle. It weighs in at 88 to 165 pounds (40 to 75 kg) and is 4.5 to 5.5 feet tall (137 to 168 cm).
Habitat
Most gazelles live in the hot, dry savannas and deserts of Africa and Asia. To stay hydrated in these grueling environments, gazelles shrink their heart and liver , according to a study published in the journal Physiological and Biochemical Zoology. Breathing can cause an animal to lose a lot of water. A smaller heart and liver need less oxygen, so the animal can breathe less and lose less water.
The Edmi gazelle, also known as the Cuvier's gazelle,is the only gazelle that lives in the mountains. It migrates during the wintertime to warmer regions.
Habits 
Gazelles rely on their speed to escape from predators. Gazelles can reach speeds up to 60 mph in short bursts and sustain speeds of 30 to 40 mph. When running, gazelles use a bounding leap, called "pronking" or "stotting," which involves stiffly springing into the air with all four feet. 
These animals are highly social. Some gazelle herds have as many as 700 members, though some herds are small and segregated by gender. Female Thomson's gazelles, for example, live in herds of 10 to 30 females in addition to their young. Males live alone or in small groups with other males. A male herd is called a bachelor's herd. The segregation of herds is more prominent during mating season.
A baby gazelle
Question:
'Grant's' and 'Thompson's' are two of the sixteen speciesof which animal?
Answer:
GAZelle
Passage:
Bifocals
Bifocals are eyeglasses with two distinct optical powers. Bifocals are commonly prescribed to people with presbyopia who also require a correction for myopia, hyperopia, and/or astigmatism.

History

Benjamin Franklin is generally credited with the invention of bifocals. Historians have produced some evidence to suggest that others may have come before him in the invention; however, a correspondence between George Whatley and John Fenno, editor of The Gazette of the United States, suggested that Franklin had indeed invented bifocals, and perhaps 50 years earlier than had been originally thought. 
Since many inventions are developed independently by more than one person, it is possible that the invention of bifocals may have been such a case. Nonetheless, Benjamin Franklin was among the first to wear bifocal lenses, and Franklin's letters of correspondence suggest that he invented them independently, regardless of whether he was the first to invent them.

John Isaac Hawkins, the inventor of trifocal lenses, coined the term bifocals in 1824 and credited Dr. Franklin.

In 1955, Irving Rips of Younger Optics created the first seamless or "invisible" bifocal, a precursor to all progressive lenses. 

Construction

Original bifocals were designed with the most convex lenses (for close viewing) in the lower half of the frame and the least convex lenses on the upper. Up until the beginning of the 20th century two separate lenses were cut in half and combined together in the rim of the frame. The mounting of two half lenses into a single frame led to a number of early complications and rendered such spectacles quite fragile. A method for fusing the sections of the lenses together was developed by Louis de Wecker at the end of the 19th century and patented by Dr. John L. Borsch, Jr. in 1908.
Today most bifocals are created by molding a reading segment into a primary lens and are available with the reading segments in a variety of shapes and sizes.The most popular is the D-segment, 28 mm wide[citation needed]. While the D-segment bifocal offers superior optics, an increasing number of people opt for progressive bifocal lenses.

Problems

Bifocals can cause headaches and even dizziness in some users. Acclimation to the small field of view offered by the reading segment of bifocals can take some time, as the user learns to move either the head or the reading material rather than the eyes.  Computer monitors are generally placed directly in front of users and can lead to muscle fatigue due to the unusual straight and constant movement of the head. This trouble is mitigated by the use of trifocal lenses or by the use of monofocal lenses for computer users.

In an interesting legal case reported in the UK in 1969, plaintiff's ability to use bifocals was impaired by accident. 

Future

Research continues in an attempt to eliminate the limited field of vision in current bifocals.  New materials and technologies may provide a method which can selectively adjust the optical power of a lens.  Researchers have constructed such a lens using a liquid crystal layer sandwiched between two glass substrates.

Bifocals in the animal world

The aquatic larval stage of the diving beetle Thermonectus marmoratus has, in its principal eyes, two retinas and two distinct focal planes that are substantially separated (in the manner of bifocals) to switch their vision from up-close to distance, for easy and efficient capture of their prey, mostly mosquito larvae. This is the first ever recorded use of bifocal technology in the animal world.
Question:
Who is credited with the invention of bi-focal glasses?
Answer:
A Tradesman of Philidelphia
Passage:
Austral Islands
The Tuha'a Pae, or Austral Islands (), are the southernmost group of islands in French Polynesia, an overseas collectivity of France in the South Pacific. Geographically, they consist of two separate archipelagos, namely in the northwest the Tupua'i islands () consisting of the Îles Maria, Rimatara, Rūrutu, Tupua'i Island proper and Ra'ivāvae, and in the southeast the Bass Islands () composed of the main island of Rapa Iti and the small Marotiri (also known as Bass Rocks or Îlots de Bass). Inhabitants of the islands are known for their pandanus fiber weaving skills.  The islands of Maria and Marotiri are not suitable for sustained habitation. Several of the islands have uninhabited islets or rocks off their coastlines. Austral Islands' population is about 6,300 on almost 150 km2. The capital of the Austral Islands administrative subdivision is Tupua'i.

Geography

The Tuha'a Pae or Austral Islands () are the southernmost group of islands in French Polynesia, an overseas collectivity of France in the South Pacific. Geographically, the Austral Islands consist of two separate archipelagos. From northwest to southeast they are:
* The Tupua'i Islands (), named for one of the main islands. It consists of:
** Îles Maria () in the northwest, part of Rimatara municipality
** Rimatara (),
** Rūrutu (),
** Tupua'i (),
** Ra'ivāvae (),
* The Bass Islands () comprise:
** the main island of Rapa Iti (),
** the small Marotiri island () in the southeast, part of Rapa municipality
The islands of Maria and Marotiri are not suitable for sustained habitation. Several of the islands have uninhabited islets or rocks off their coastlines.

The chain is associated with the Macdonald hotspot. The only active volcano is the Macdonald seamount (40m depth). 

In administrative terms, the Austral Islands (including the Bass Islands) constitute an administrative subdivision, the Tuha'a Pae or Austral Islands (subdivision administrative des (Îles) Australes), one of French Polynesia's five administrative subdivisions (subdivision administratives). Geographically, the administrative subdivision of the Austral Islands is identical with the constituency of the Austral Islands (circonscription des Îles Australes), one of French Polynesia's six constituencies (circonscriptions électorales) for the Assembly of French Polynesia.

The capital of the Austral Islands administrative subdivision is Tupua'i.
Question:
What is the collective name for the islands with a land area of 4,167 squ km (1,622 squ miles) over 2,500,000 squ km (965,255 squ miles) of ocean, made up of several groups of islands, including the Austral Islands, the Marquesas, the Society Islands and the Tuamotu Archipelago?
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:PF
Passage:
Last Orders
Last Orders is a 1996 Booker Prize-winning novel by British writer Graham Swift. In 2001 it was adapted for the film Last Orders by Australian writer and director Fred Schepisi.

Plot

The story makes much use of flashbacks to tell the convoluted story of the relationships between a group of war veterans who live in the same corner of London, the backbone of the story being the journey of the group from Bermondsey to Margate to scatter the ashes of Jack Dodds into the sea, in accord with his last wishes. The narrative is split into short sections told by the main characters as well as updates along the journey at Old Kent Road, New Cross, Blackheath, Dartford, Gravesend, Rochester, Chatham Naval Memorial and Canterbury Cathedral. The title 'Last Orders' not only refers to these instructions as stipulated in Jack Dodd's will, but also alludes to the 'last orders (of the day)' - the last round of drinks to be ordered before a pub closes, as drinking was a favourite pastime of Jack and the other characters.

The plot and style are influenced by William Faulkner's As I Lay Dying. 

Characters

Jack Dodds: a butcher, husband of Amy. His death from cancer in St Thomas' Hospital brings together four men who take a journey to scatter his ashes.  Played by Michael Caine in the movie.

Vince Dodds: a used car salesman. Adopted son of Jack and Amy Dodds, when his biological parents (the Pritchetts) were killed during the London Blitz.  Played by Ray Winstone in the movie.

Ray 'Lucky' Johnson: an insurance clerk, who has an uncanny ability to wager on the right horses. The main narrator of the book. Fought alongside Jack Dodds in the war, who saved his life on one occasion. Was left by his wife Carol, for another man, and has a daughter Susie, who lives in Australia. Ray is attracted to Amy Dodds, wife of Jack, and the two had a relationship in the past.  Played by Bob Hoskins in the movie.

Lenny 'Gunner' Tate: Drinking buddy of Jack Dodds. The odd man in the group, who is the instigator of many conflicts. Lenny's daughter Sally had a relationship with Vince Dodds, and became pregnant, before marrying a jailbird.  Played by David Hemmings in the movie.

Vic Tucker: an undertaker/funeral director. The backbone of the group, who mediates and keeps the peace when conflicts arise. Many parallels are drawn between Jack's profession and Vic's, in that they both handle bodies.  Played by Tom Courtenay in the movie.

Amy Dodds: Jack's wife, who declines to join the men when they scatter Jack's ashes. Amy and Jack had a mentally disabled daughter, June. On the day the four men travel to Margate to scatter the ashes, Amy visits June in a Home.  Played by Helen Mirren in the movie.

Mandy Dodds: Left her home in Blackburn at age 15 and travelled to London. At Smithfield Meat Market she met Jack who offered her a job and board and lodgings in his house. She went on to marry Jack's adopted son Vince.
Question:
Which British author wrote the 1996 Booker winning novel “Last Orders”?
Answer:
GRAHAM SWIFT
Passage:
Richard Booth
Richard George William Pitt Booth, MBE (born 12 September 1938), is a Welsh bookseller, known for his contribution to the success of Hay-on-Wye as a centre for second-hand bookselling.  He is also the self-proclaimed "King of Hay".

Booth was born in Hay-on-Wye, Wales. He was educated at Rugby School and the University of Oxford, yet he dreaded seeing how young men like himself left his hometown for the city, and wondered what trade could save this small rural economy. Having inherited the Brynmelyn estate from his uncle, Major Willie Booth, he then opened a second-hand bookshop in Hay-on-Wye, in the old fire station, and took the strongest men of Hay to America, where libraries were closing fast. They bought and shipped books in containers back to Hay-on-Wye. His example was followed by others, so that by the 1970s Hay had become internationally known as the "Town of Books".

On 1 April 1977 Richard Booth proclaimed Hay an "independent kingdom" with himself as king Richard Cœur de Livre and his horse as Prime Minister. The publicity stunt gained extensive news coverage, and resulted in several spin-offs such as "passports" being issued.

On 1 April 2000 Booth followed up with an investiture of "The Hay House of Lords" and created 21 new hereditary peers for the "Kingdom of Hay".

The Hay Literary Festival was another spin-off from the burgeoning number of bookshops in the town, which now gets an estimated 500,000 tourists a year.  In recognition of his services to tourism, Richard Booth was awarded the MBE in the 2004 New Year Honours List. In August 2005, Richard Booth announced that he was selling his Hay bookshop and moving to Germany. The bookshop is now under ownership of Elizabeth Haycox and has had extensive refurbishment works carried out since 2009.

In the end Richard Booth didn't move to Germany but still lives in Brynmelyn and is still very much the King of Hay. He now, 2014, owns a bookshop in the town called, appropriately The King of Hay.

He married his second wife Hope Stuart, a former freelance photographer, in the 1980s.  In 1999, he published his autobiography, My Kingdom of Books (Y Lolfa, ISBN 0862434955), with the help of his stepdaughter Lucia Stuart.

In 2014 Richard Booth gave his name to an annual literary award in association with the Hay Writers’ Circle.  
Judges and winners of the Richard Booth Prize for Non-Fiction are as follows:

2014 – 	Judge – Rachel Cooke - Winner - Jo Jones

2015 – 	Judge – Colin McDowell - Winner - [http://www.northsomersetarts.org/members%20showcase?bc0&an
&img_id50&aid
70 Emma van Woerkom]

Politics

Booth stood as a candidate for the Socialist Labour Party in the 1999 Welsh Assembly elections  and Wales constituency at the 2009 European Parliament election.

;Welsh Assembly elections

;European Parliament elections

Sources
Question:
On 1st April 1977, bookseller Richard Booth declared which Welsh town to be an independent kingdom, with himself as monarch?
Answer:
Hay-on Wye
Passage:
Scottish Grand National
|}

The Scottish Grand National is a Grade 3 National Hunt steeplechase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Ayr, Scotland, over a distance of approximately 4 miles and 110 yards (6,538 metres) and 27 fences. It is a handicap race, and takes place each year in April.
It is Scotland's equivalent of the Grand National, and is held during Ayr's two-day Scottish Grand National Festival meeting.

History

The race, then known as the "West of Scotland Grand National", was first run at a course near Houston, Renfrewshire in 1858.  It consisted of 32 jumps, mainly stone walls.

In 1867, after objections by the leader of the Free Kirk in Houston, the race moved to Bogside Racecourse, near Irvine. The inaugural winner at Bogside, The Elk, was owned by the Duke of Hamilton. During the early part of its history the race's distance was about three miles. It was later extended to 3⅞ miles, and became known by its present title in 1880, when it was won by Peacock.

Bogside Racecourse closed in 1965, and the Scottish Grand National was transferred to Ayr the following year. At this point the race was increased to its present length. Several winners of the Scottish Grand National have also won its English counterpart at Aintree. The first to complete the double was Music Hall, the winner of the 1922 Grand National. The feat has been achieved more recently by Little Polveir and Earth Summit, but the only horse to win both races in the same year was Red Rum in 1974.

Prize money

The winning horse in 1867 won £100, increasing to £440 by 1906, £1030 in 1950, £5,436 in 1963 and  £119,595 in 2015.

Television coverage

The first television coverage of the Scottish National was in 1953 on the BBC.  It was also shown the following year, but then wasn't screened again until 1969 on ITV and has been shown live ever since.  Coverage moved to Channel 4 in 1986.

Records

Most successful horse (3 wins):
* Couvrefeu II – 1911, 1912, 1913
* Southern Hero – 1934, 1936, 1939
* Queen's Taste – 1953, 1954, 1956

Leading jockey
*All-time (4 wins)
**Charlie Cunningham - Bellman (1881), Wild Meadow (1885), Orcadian (1887), Deloraine (1889)
*At Ayr (3 wins)
** Mark Dwyer – Androma (1984, 1985), Moorcroft Boy (1996)

Leading trainer
*All-time (5 wins)
**Neville Crump – Wot No Sun (1949), Merryman II (1959), Arcturus (1968), Salkeld (1980), Canton (1983)
**Ken Oliver – Pappageno's Cottage (1963), The Spaniard (1970), Young Ash Leaf (1971), Fighting Fit (1979), Cockle Strand (1982)
*At Ayr (4 wins)
**Ken Oliver – The Spaniard (1970), Young Ash Leaf (1971), Fighting Fit (1979), Cockle Strand (1982)

Winners at Ayr

* Weights given in stones and pounds; Amateur jockeys indicated by "Mr".

Winners at Bogside

Earlier Winners

* 1867 – The Elk
* 1868 – Greenland
* 1869 – Huntsman
* 1870 – Snowstorm
* 1871 – Keystone
* 1872 – Cinna
* 1873 – Hybla
* 1874 – Ouragon II
* 1875 – Solicitor
* 1876 – Earl Marshal
* 1877 – Solicitor
* 1878 – no race
* 1879 – Militant
* 1880 – Peacock
* 1881 – Bellman
* 1882 – Gunboat
* 1883 – Kerclaw
* 1884 – The Peer
* 1885 – Wild Meadow
* 1886 – Crossbow
* 1887 – Orcadian
* 1888 – Ireland
* 1889 – Deloraine
* 1890 – no race
* 1891 – see note below *
* 1892 – Lizzie
* 1893 – Lady Ellen II
* 1894 – Leybourne
* 1895 – Nepcote
* 1896 – Cadlaw Cairn
* 1897 – Modest Friar
* 1898 – Trade Mark
* 1899 – Tyrolean
* 1900 – Dorothy Vane
* 1901 – Big Busbie
* 1902 – Canter Home
* 1903 – Chit Chat
* 1904 – Innismacsaint
* 1905 – Theodocian
* 1906 – Creolin
* 1907 – Barney III
* 1908 – Atrato
* 1909 – Mount Prospect's Fortune
* 1910 – The Duffrey
* 1911 – Couvrefeu II
* 1912 – Couvrefeu II
* 1913 – Couvrefeu II
* 1914 – Scrabee
* 1915 – Templedowney
* 1916 – no race
* 1917 – no race
* 1918 – no race
* 1919 – The Turk
* 1920 – Music Hall
* 1921 – no race
* 1922 – Sergeant Murphy
* 1923 – Harrismith
* 1924 – Royal Chancellor
* 1925 – Gerald L.
* 1926 – Estuna
* 1927 – Estuna
* 1928 – Ardeen
* 1929 – Donzelon
* 1930 – Drintyre
* 1931 – Annandale
* 1932 – Clydesdale
* 1933 – Libourg
* 1934 – Southern Hero
* 1935 – Kellsboro' Jack
* 1936 – Southern Hero
* 1937 – Right'un
* 1938 – Young Mischief
* 1939 – Southern Hero
* 1940–46 – no race

* There were only two runners in 1891 – neither could clear the second fence and there was no winner.
Question:
On which course is the Scottish Grand National run?
Answer:
Bellisle
Passage:
Roger Hargreaves
Charles Roger Hargreaves (9 May 1935 – 11 September 1988) was an English author and illustrator of children's books, best remembered for the Mr. Men and Little Miss series, intended for very young readers. The simple and humorous stories, with brightly coloured, boldly drawn illustrations, have been part of popular culture since 1971, with sales of over 85 million copies worldwide in 20 languages.

Lifetime 

Birth 

Charles Roger Hargreaves was born in a private hospital  at 201 Bath Road, Cleckheaton, West Yorkshire to Alfred Reginald and Ethel Mary Hargreaves. He grew up  at 703 Halifax Road, Hartshead Moor, Cleckheaton, outside of which there now is a commemorative plaque.

Early life 

Hargreaves  attended Sowerby Bridge Grammar School (now Sowerby Bridge High School).[http://www.halifaxcourier.co.uk/news/calderdale/are-you-a-sowerby-bridge-high-old-boy-or-girl-share-your-memories-online-at-www-halifaxcourier-co-uk-1-1948091 Sowerby Bridge High Old Boy or Girl at Halifax Courier]. Retrieved 25 May 2015 He then spent a year working in his father's laundry and dry-cleaning business before gaining employment in advertising.  His original ambition was to be a cartoonist, and in 1971, while working as the creative director at a London firm, he wrote the first Mr. Men book, Mr. Tickle. Initially he had difficulty finding a publisher, but once he did the books became an instant success, selling over one million copies within three years. In 1974  the books spawned a BBC animated television series, narrated by Arthur Lowe. A second series the following year saw newer titles transmitted in double bill format with those from the first series.

By 1976, Hargreaves had quit his day job. In 1981 the Little Miss series of books was launched, and in 1983 it also was made into a television series, narrated by Pauline Collins, and her husband John Alderton. Although Hargreaves wrote many other children's stories—including the Timbuctoo series of 25 books, John Mouse and the Roundy and Squarey books—he is best known for his 46 Mr. Men and 33 Little Miss books.

Death 

Between 1975 and 1982 Hargreaves lived with his family on Guernsey. Then they settled at Sussex House Farm near Cowden, Kent. Hargreaves died in 1988 at age 53 at the Kent and Sussex Hospital in Royal Tunbridge Wells following a stroke.  After his death, his son Adam continued writing and drawing the Mr. Men and Little Miss characters with new stories. However, in April 2004 Hargreaves's widow Christine sold the rights to the Mr. Men characters to the UK entertainment group Chorion, for £28 million. 

Family 

Hargreaves and his wife had four children: Adam, Giles and twins Sophie and Amelia. The first of the Mr. Men characters is reported to have been created when Adam, at age 6, asked his father what a tickle looked like. Hargreaves drew a figure with a round orange body and long rubbery arms, which became Mr. Tickle. He recalls that his father was 6ft 5in (1.96 m) tall.[http://sussex.greatbritishlife.co.uk/article/interview-with-adam-hargreaves--mr-men-illustrator-and-writer-17832/ Wintle, Angela. "Interview with Adam Hargreaves - Mr Men Illustrator and Writer." Sussex Life.]
The book Little Miss Twins was written for Hargreaves' twin daughters.

Series by Roger Hargreaves

*Mr Men
*Little Miss
*Walter Worm
*John Mouse
*Albert Elephant, Count Worm and Grandfather Clock
*I am...
*Timbuctoo
*Hippo Potto and Mouse
*Easy Peasy People (also by Gray Jolliffe)
*Roundy and Squarey

Appears in other books

Some Mr. Men books have Hargreaves drawn in them. He appears in:

*Mr. Small
*Little Miss Star

Legacy

Google celebrated what would have been his 76th birthday, 9 May 2011, with a series of 16 Google Doodles on its global homepage.
Question:
Which title was given to the series of books by Roger Hargreaves, which featured the female counterparts of the Mr Men?
Answer:
LITTLE MISS BOOKS
Passage:
Breaking the Sound Barrier; Speed of Sound
Breaking the Sound Barrier; Speed of Sound
Breaking the Sound Barrier; Speed of Sound
PUB. DATE
World Almanac & Book of Facts;2005, p341
SOURCE TYPE
Reference Entry
ABSTRACT
The article presents information on "Mach," the SI unit, used to describe supersonic speed. It was named for Ernst Mach (1838-1916), a Czech-born Austrian physicist. When a plane moves at the speed of sound, it is Mach 1. When the plane is moving at twice the speed of sound, it is Mach 2. Mach may be defined as the ratio of the velocity of a rocket or a jet to the velocity of sound in the medium being considered. Intensity, or loudness, is the strength of the pressure of these radiating waves and is measured in decibels. The speed of sound is generally defined as 1,088 feet per second at sea level at 32ï¿½ F. It varies in other temperatures and in different media. Sound travels faster in water than in air, and even faster in iron and steel.
ACCESSION #
Breaking the Sound Barrier; Speed of Sound.   // World Almanac & Book of Facts;2008, p272 
An almanac entry for sound barrier and the speed of sound is presented. The prefix Mach is used to describe supersonic speed. It was named for Czech-born Austrian physicist Ernst Mach. Mach may be defined as the ratio of the velocity of a rocket or a jet to the velocity of sound in the medium...
Breaking the Sound Barrier; Speed of Sound.   // World Almanac & Book of Facts;2009, p1151 
An encyclopedia entry for "sound barrier" and "speed of sound" is presented. The prefix Mach, named for Czech-born Austrian physicist Ernst Mach, is used to describe a supersonic speed. Its classifications are Mach 1, when a plane moves at the speed of sound and Mach 2, when the plane is moving...
Ernst Mach and the Quarks.  Bernstein, Jeremy // American Scholar;Winter83-Winter84, Vol. 53 Issue 1, p7 
Discusses the life and works of physicist Ernst Mach.  Work on supersonic projectiles; Definition of the so-called Mach number, which is the ratio of the speed of an object to the speed of sound; Educational background; Mach's skepticism toward much of the received wisdom in the physics of his...
THE WHAT, THE HOW, AND THE WHY: THE EXPLANATION OF ERNST MACH.  Marr, M. Jackson // Behavior & Philosophy;2003, Vol. 31, p181 
Putative distinctions between explanation and description constitute a very old issue in the sciences. Behavior analysts commonly call their science "descriptive" as opposed to "explanatory." One obvious difficulty here is to achieve any agreement on the meaning or use of these terms. Without...
In a spin over fictitious forces.  Gribbin, John // New Scientist;3/19/94, Vol. 141 Issue 1917, p16 
Reports on Arden Zylbersztajn's suggested approach in teaching about forces such as gravity and centrifugal and similar forces. Replacement of Newton's first and second laws with a rule stating that the resultant force acting on any object is always zero; Application of Ernst Mach's principles...
Thought Experiments.  Sorensen, Roy // American Scientist;May/Jun91, Vol. 79 Issue 3, p250 
Discusses a theory of thought experiments by Ernst Mach.  Views of Mach on empiricism; Comparison between empiricism and rationalism; Conversion of instinctive knowledge into explicit principle.
Mach, Ernst (1838 - 1916).   // Hutchinson Dictionary of Scientific Biography;2005, p1 
Austrian physicist whose name was given to the Mach number, the velocity of a body in a medium relative to the speed of sound in that medium. Mach also made an important contribution to science in a fundamental reappraisal of scientific thought. He sought to understand knowledge in the context...
empiriocriticism Philosophy.   // Dictionary of Theories;2002, p175 
A definition of the term "empiriocriticism" is presented. It refers to a name for the version of positivism developed by Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach and the German Richard Avenarius. Science on this view aims at the most economical description of appearances, on which...
Question:
After which Austrian physicist is the ratio of the velocity of a body in a medium to the velocity of sound in that medium named?
Answer:
E. Mach
Passage:
Apex - definition of apex by The Free Dictionary
Apex - definition of apex by The Free Dictionary
Apex - definition of apex by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/apex
n. pl. a·pex·es or a·pi·ces (ā′pĭ-sēz′, ăp′ĭ-)
1.
a. The highest point of a structure, object, or geometric figure: the apex of a hill; the apex of a triangle.
b. The usually pointed end of an object; the tip: the apex of a leaf.
2.
a. The highest level or degree that is attained, as in a hierarchy. See Synonyms at summit .
b. The period of greatest achievement: won several Olympic medals at the apex of her career.
[Latin.]
n, pl apexes or apices (ˈæpɪˌsiːz; ˈeɪ-)
1. (Mathematics) the highest point; vertex
2. the pointed end or tip of something
3. a pinnacle or high point, as of a career, etc
4. (Astronomy) astronomy Also called: solar apex the point on the celestial sphere, lying in the constellation Hercules, towards which the sun appears to move at a velocity of 20 kilometres per second relative to the nearest stars
[C17: from Latin: point]
(ˈeɪpɛks)
n acronym for
1. Advance Purchase Excursion: a reduced airline or long-distance rail fare that must be paid a specified number of days in advance
2. (Industrial Relations & HR Terms) (in Britain) Association of Professional, Executive, Clerical, and Computer Staff
a•pex
n., pl. a•pex•es, a•pi•ces (ˈeɪ pəˌsiz, ˈæp ə-)
1. the highest point; vertex; summit.
2. the tip or point: the apex of the tongue.
3. climax; peak: the apex of a career.
[1595–1605; < Latin]
The highest point, especially the vertex of a triangle, cone, or pyramid.
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
crown - the part of a hat (the vertex) that covers the crown of the head
roof peak - the highest point of a roof
extreme point , extremum , extreme - the point located farthest from the middle of something
2.
apex - the point on the celestial sphere toward which the sun and solar system appear to be moving relative to the fixed stars
apex of the sun's way , solar apex
celestial point - a point in the heavens (on the celestial sphere)
celestial sphere , empyrean , firmament , heavens , vault of heaven , welkin , sphere - the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
antapex - the point opposite in direction from the solar apex; the point the solar system is moving away from
apex
noun
highest point base , bottom , depths , nadir , lowest point, perigee
apex
1. (Brit) =Association of Professional, Executive, Clerical and Computer Staff
2. (also apex) =Advance Purchase Excursion APEX fare → precio m APEX
APEX ticket → billete m APEX
apex
[ˈeɪpeks] N (apexes, apices (pl)) [ˈeɪpɪsiːz]
1. (Math) → vértice m
2. (fig) → cumbre f, cima f
Apex
modif [fare, return, ticket] → APEX inv
apex
n pl <-es or apices> → Spitze f; (fig) → Höhepunkt m
APEX
[ˈeɪpɛks] n abbr
a. (Brit) =Association of Professional, Executive, Clerical and Computer  Staff associazione dei professionisti, dirigenti, impiegati ed  informatici
b. (Aer) =advance purchase excursion → APEX m inv
apex
[ˈeɪpɛks] n (Geom) → vertice m (fig) → vertice m, apice m
apex
(ˈeipeks) noun
the highest point or tip (of something). the apex of a triangle; the apex of a person's career. toppunt رأس връх ápice vrchol, špice die Spitze spids; top; højdepunkt κορυφή ápice , cumbre tipp اوج؛ بالاترین نقطه kärki sommet פסגה शीर्ष vrhunac csúcspont puncak toppur apice 頂点 정점 viršūnė virsotne; galotne puncak top , toppunt spiss, topp; høydepunkt wierzchołek , szczyt لوړه څوکه ، لوړه نقطه ápice vârf вершина vrchol vrh, vrhunec vrh spets, topp จุดสูงสุด doruk , tepe 頂點 верхівка, вершина سرا ، چوٹی ، عروج đỉnh 顶点
a·pex
1. ápice, extremo superior o punta de un órgano;
2. extremidad puntiaguda de una estructura.
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content .
Link to this page:
apices
References in classic literature ?
Planted with their broad ends on the deck, a circle of these slabs laced together, mutually sloped towards each other, and at the apex united in a tufted point, where the loose hairy fibres waved to and fro like a top-knot on some old Pottowotamie Sachem's head.
View in context
Everybody knows that the great reversed triangle of land, with its base in the north and its apex in the south, which is called India, embraces fourteen hundred thousand square miles, upon which is spread unequally a population of one hundred and eighty millions of souls.
View in context
Once a leash of thin black whips, like the arms of an octopus, flashed across the sunset and was immediately with- drawn, and afterwards a thin rod rose up, joint by joint, bearing at its apex a circular disk that spun with a wobbling motion.
View in context
A line was accordingly attached to it, and the other end being passed over the ridge-pole of the house, it was hoisted up to the apex of the roof, where it hung suspended directly over the mats where I usually reclined.
View in context
The 'castle' consisted of an irregular assemblage of cliffs and rocks - one of the latter being quite remarkable for its height as well as for its insulated and artificial appearance I clambered to its apex, and then felt much at a loss as to what should be next done.
View in context
Thus the naked tops of the poles diverge in such a manner that, if they were covered with skins like the lower ends, the tent would be shaped like an hour-glass, and present the appearance of one cone inverted on the apex of another.
Question:
What is the highest point of a triangle called
Answer:
Apex
Passage:
Wilkins Micawber
Wilkins Micawber is a fictional character from Charles Dickens's 1850 novel, David Copperfield.  He was modelled on Dickens' father, John Dickens, who like Micawber was incarcerated in debtors' prison (the King's Bench Prison) after failing to meet his creditors' demands.

Micawber's long-suffering wife, Emma, stands by him despite his financial exigencies that force her to pawn all of her family's heirlooms.  She lives by the maxims, "I will never desert Mr. Micawber!" and "Experientia does it!" (from Experientia docet, "One learns by experience.")
 
Micawber is hired as a clerk by the scheming Uriah Heep, who assumes wrongly that Micawber's debts arise from dishonesty.  But working for Heep allows Micawber to expose his boss as a forger and a cheat. To start anew, Micawber and his family emigrate to Australia with Daniel Peggotty and Little Em'ly, where Micawber becomes manager of the Port Middlebay Bank and a successful government magistrate.

In Hablot Knight Browne's illustrations for the first edition, Micawber is shown wearing knee-breeches, a top hat, and a monocle.

Popular culture

Micawber is known for asserting his faith that "something will turn up".  His name has become synonymous with someone who lives in hopeful expectation.  This has formed the basis for the Micawber Principle, based upon his observation:

"Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen pounds nineteen and six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds nought and six, result misery." - (Chapter 12)

[The amounts quoted are equivalent to £20, £19 97½p and £20 2½p, in the United Kingdom's present, decimal, currency.]

The character was played by W.C. Fields in the 1935 screen classic, Personal History, Adventures, Experience, and Observation of David Copperfield the Younger.  Bob Hoskins took the role in a 1999 BBC serial.

Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones named one of his guitars (an early 1950s Fender Telecaster with a Gibson PAF humbucking pickup installed in the neck position) "Micawber". Richards is known to be a fan of Dickens. Of the unusual moniker attached to the instrument, Richards said, "There's no reason for my guitar being called Micawber, apart from the fact that it's such an unlikely name. There's no one around me called Micawber, so when I scream for Micawber everyone knows what I'm talking about."

In addition, the character formed the basis of Micawber, a 2001 ITV drama series written by John Sullivan and starring David Jason in the title leading role.

In the U.S. Supreme Court opinion of Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 562 (2007), Justice Souter criticized the court below for an approach to pleading that "would dispense with any showing of a reasonably founded hope that a plaintiff would be able to make a case; Mr. Micawber's optimism would be enough." (quotations and citations omitted).

Entry into general English

The character of Wilkins Micawber has given rise to the English noun "Micawber" and the adjectives "Micawberish" and "Micawberesque". The Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines a Micawber as "one who is poor but lives in optimistic expectation of better fortune".  Judge David Halpern described Craig Whyte's legal arguments in a case heard in 2013 as "pure Micawberism". 

Quotations

Besides the Micawber Principle, Micawber is notable for a number of memorable quotations:
* I have no doubt I shall, please Heaven, begin to be more beforehand with the world, and to live in a perfectly new manner, if -if, in short, anything turns up. - (Chapter 1)
* Every happiness and prosperity! If, in the progress of revolving years, I could persuade myself that my blighted destiny had been a warning to you, I should feel that I had not occupied another man's place altogether in vain. - (Chapter 12)
* You HEEP of infamy! - (Chapter 52)
* I trust that the labour and hazard of an investigation -of which the smallest results have been slowly pieced together, in the pressure of arduous avocations, under grinding penurious apprehensions, at rise of morn, at dewy eve, in the shadows of night, under the watchful eye of one whom it were superfluous to call Demon, combined with the struggle of parental Poverty to turn it, when completed, to the right account, may be as the sprinkling of a few drops of sweet water on my funeral pyre.  I ask no more. Let it be, in justice, merely said of me, as of a gallant and eminent Naval Hero, with whom I have no pretensions to cope, that what I have done, I did, in despite of mercenary and selfish objectives, "FOR ENGLAND, HOME AND BEAUTY." Remaining always, &c, &c, Wilkins Micawber.
* Welcome poverty!..Welcome misery, welcome houselessness, welcome hunger, rags, tempest, and beggary! Mutual confidence will sustain us to the end!

Film and television portrayals

Quotations from the 1935 film

*Boy, as I have frequently had occasion to observe: "When the stomach is empty, the spirits are low!"
* Remember my motto "Nil Desperandum! -Never despair!"

Quotation from the BBC TV/Masterpiece Theatre production

* (featuring Bob Hoskins as Micawber) "I could not depart this metropolis without paying a valedictory visit to my dear friend Copperfield, in whose debt I shall forever remain (I speak metaphorically of course!)"

Sources

* Bloom, Harold. (1992) David Copperfield (Major Literary Characters Series). New York: Chelsea House Publishers.
* Hawes, Donald. (2002) Who's Who in Dickens. 2nd. ed. London: Routledge 
* Oddie, W. (1967) "Mr. Micawber and the redefinition of experience." The Dickensian 63:109.
Question:
"What was the fist name of Mr. Micawber, who appeared in Charles Dickens's ""David Copperfield""?"
Answer:
Wilkin
Passage:
Parthenon (Nashville)
The Parthenon in Nashville, Tennessee is a full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens. It was built in 1897 as part of the Tennessee Centennial Exposition.

Today the Parthenon, which functions as an art museum, stands as the centerpiece of Centennial Park, a large public park just west of downtown Nashville. Alan LeQuire's 1990 re-creation of the Athena Parthenos statue is the focus of the Parthenon just as it was in ancient Greece. The statue of Athena Parthenos within is a reconstruction of the long-lost original to careful scholarly standards: she is cuirassed and helmeted, carries a shield on her left arm and a small 6 ft statue of Nike (Victory) in her right palm, and stands 42 ft high, gilt with more than 8 lb of gold leaf; an equally colossal serpent rears its head between her and her shield. Since the building is complete and its decorations were polychromed (painted in colors) as close to the presumed original as possible, this replica of the original Parthenon in Athens serves as a monument to what is considered the pinnacle of classical architecture. The plaster replicas of the Parthenon Marbles found in the naos (the east room of the main hall) are direct casts of the original sculptures which adorned the pediments of the Athenian Parthenon, dating back to 438 BC. Many fragments of the originals are housed in the British Museum in London; others are at the Acropolis Museum in Athens.

History

Nashville's moniker, the "Athens of the South",   influenced the choice of the building as the centerpiece of the 1897 Centennial Exposition. A number of buildings at the Exposition were based on ancient originals, however the Parthenon was the only one that was an exact reproduction. It was also the only one that was preserved by the city, although the Knights of Pythias Pavilion building was purchased and moved to nearby Franklin, Tennessee.

Major Eugene Castner Lewis was the director of the Tennessee Centennial Exposition and it was at his suggestion that a reproduction of the Parthenon be built in Nashville to serve as the centerpiece of Tennessee’s Centennial Celebration. Mr. Lewis also served as the chief civil engineer for the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railroad. Originally built of plaster, wood, and brick, the Parthenon was not intended to be permanent, but the cost of demolishing the structure combined with its popularity with residents and visitors alike resulted in it being left standing after the Exposition.  In 1895 George Julian Zolnay was "employed to make models for the ornamentation" for the building.   Within the next 20 years, weather had defaced the landmark; it was then rebuilt on the same foundations, in concrete, in a project that started in 1920; the exterior was completed in 1925 and the interior in 1931. 

Some of the most elaborate events that occurred at the Parthenon were the Spring Pageants of 1913 and 1914.  These extravaganzas were theatrical productions on a massive scale.  With casts of up to 500, the Pageants brought in audiences from surroundings states and rail prices were lowered to encourage attendance.  The entire city of Nashville reveled in the opportunity to celebrate the "Athens of the South."  The 1913 performance was entitled The Fire Regained, a play written by Sidney Mttron Hirsch, and featured a mythological storyline enhanced by theatrical spectacle popular in that era.  The 1914 production, "The Mystery at Thanatos," had a similarly mythological plot, but was shorter and better received.  A copy of the script is on file at the Nashville Public Library. The most impressive thing about these Pageants was the incredible use of visual spectacle.  Both shows featured impressive displays ranging from chariot races to huge dance numbers to thousands of live birds to set pieces that shot flames, all set against the backdrop of the majestic Nashville Parthenon.

As an art museum, the Parthenon's permanent collection is a group of 63 paintings by 19th- and 20th-century American artists donated by James M. Cowan. Additional gallery spaces provide a venue for a variety of temporary shows and exhibits.

In the summertime, local theatre productions use the building as a backdrop for classic Greek plays such as Euripides' Medea and Sophocles' Antigone, performing (usually for free) on the steps of the Parthenon. Other performances, such as Mary Zimmerman's Metamorphoses, have been done inside, at the foot of Athena's statue.

It contains a replica, completed in 1990, of the Athena Parthenos statue which was in the original Parthenon in Athens.

The Parthenon got a full makeover in 2002 with a much needed cleaning and restoration to the exterior. The exterior lighting was upgraded to allow the columns of building to be illuminated with different colors than the facade, allowing a uniquely versatile display of effects for events.

In popular culture

The Parthenon served as the location for the political rally in the climactic scene of Robert Altman's 1975 film Nashville. It was also used as a backdrop for the battle against the Hydra in the 2010 film Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief. It features in the title and lyrics of the song Nashville Parthenon from the album Etiquette, by Casiotone for the Painfully Alone. It was used in the 2000 PBS series Greeks: Crucible of Civilization.

Gallery

File:Nashville_parthenon_01.jpg
File:Nashville_Parthenon_002.JPG
File:Nashville_Parthenon_black_and_white.jpg
File:Nashville_Parthenon_sepia.jpg
File:Nashville_parthenon_061207_kdh.jpg
File:Athena at Parthenon in Nashville, TN,US.jpg|Statue of Athena
File:Statues at Parthenon, Nashville, TN, US.jpg|Statues
File:Statues (center) at Parthenon, Nashville, TN, US.jpg|The center of the statues
File:Corner of Parthenon in Nashville, TN, US.jpg|View from the corner
Question:
Which US city, known as the Athens of the South, has a full-scale replica of the Parthenon?
Answer:
Cashville, Tennessee
Passage:
Singapore in Malaysia
Singapore was one of the 14 states of Malaysia from 1963 to 1965. Malaysia was formed on 16 September 1963 as a new political entity from the merger of the Federation of Malaya with former British colonies of North Borneo, Sarawak and Singapore. This marked the end of a 144-year period of British rule in Singapore, beginning with the founding of modern Singapore by Sir Stamford Raffles in 1819.

The union, however, was unstable due to distrust and ideological differences between leaders of the State of Singapore and the federal government of Malaysia. Such issues resulted in frequent disagreements relating to economics, finance and politics. The United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), which was the political party in power in the federal government, saw the participation of the Singapore-based People's Action Party (PAP) in the Malaysian general election of 1964 as a threat to its Malay-based political system. There were also major racial riots that year involving the majority Chinese community and the Malay community in Singapore. During a 1965 Singaporean by-election, UMNO threw its support behind the opposition Barisan Sosialis candidate. In 1965, Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman decided upon the expulsion of Singapore from the Federation, leading to the independence of Singapore on 9 August 1965. 

Background

The People's Action Party (PAP) won the first election in Singapore after the merger. 

Racial tensions

Racial tensions increased dramatically within a year. They were fuelled by the Barisan Sosialis's tactics of stirring up communal sentiment as the pro-Communist party sought to use means to survive against the crackdown by both the government of Singapore and the Federal Government. In particular, despite the Malaysian government conceding citizenship to the many Chinese immigrants after independence, in Singapore the Chinese disdained the Federal policies of affirmative action, which granted special privileges to the Malays guaranteed under Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia. These included financial and economic benefits that were preferentially given to Malays and the recognition of Islam as the sole official religion, although non-Muslims maintained freedom of worship.

Malays and Muslims in Singapore were being increasingly incited by the Federal Government's accusations that the PAP was mistreating the Malays. Numerous racial riots resulted, and curfews were frequently imposed to restore order. The external political situation was also tense at the time, with Indonesia actively against the establishment of the Federation of Malaysia. President Sukarno of Indonesia declared a state of Konfrontasi (Confrontation) against Malaysia and initiated military and other actions against the new nation, including the bombing of MacDonald House in Singapore in March 1965 by Indonesian commandos which killed three people.  Indonesia also conducted seditious activities to provoke the Malays against the Chinese.  One of the more notorious riots was the 1964 race riots that took place on Prophet Muhammad's birthday on 21 July, near Kallang Gasworks; twenty-three were killed and hundreds injured. More riots broke out in September 1964. The price of food skyrocketed when the transport system was disrupted during this period of unrest, causing further hardship. The Singapore Government later named 21 July each year as Racial Harmony Day.

Disagreement

The Federal Government of Malaysia, dominated by the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), was concerned that as long as Singapore remained in the Federation, the bumiputera policy of affirmative action for Malays and the indigenous population would be undermined and therefore run counter to its agenda of addressing economic disparities between racial groups. One of the major concerns was that the PAP continued to ignore these disparities in their repeated cry for a "Malaysian Malaysia" – the equal treatment of all races in Malaysia by the government which should serve Malaysian citizens without any regard for the economic conditions of any particular race. Another contributor was the fear that the economic dominance of Singapore's port would inevitably shift political power away from Kuala Lumpur in time, should Singapore remain in the Federation.

The state and federal governments also had disagreements on the economic front. Despite an earlier agreement to establish a common market, Singapore continued to face restrictions when trading with the rest of Malaysia. In retaliation, Singapore did not extend to Sabah and Sarawak the full extent of the loans agreed to for economic development of the two eastern states. The situation escalated to such an intensity that talks soon broke down and abusive speeches and writing became rife on both sides. UMNO extremists called for the arrest of Lee Kuan Yew.

Expulsion

On 7 August 1965, Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, seeing no alternative to avoid further bloodshed, advised the Parliament of Malaysia that it should vote to expel Singapore from Malaysia. Despite last-ditch attempts by PAP leaders, including Lee Kuan Yew, to keep Singapore as a state in the union, the Parliament on 9 August 1965 voted 126–0 in favor of the expulsion of Singapore, with Members of Parliament from Singapore not present. On that day, a tearful Lee announced that Singapore was a sovereign, independent nation and assumed the role of Prime Minister of the new nation. His speech included this quote: "I mean for me, it would be a moment of anguish because all my life….you see the whole of my adult life…. I have believed in Malaysia, merger and the unity of the two territories. You know it's a people connected by geography, economics, and ties of kinship... ." 

Under constitutional amendments passed in December that year, the new state became the Republic of Singapore, with the Yang di-Pertuan Negara becoming President, and the Legislative Assembly becoming the Parliament of Singapore. These changes were made retroactive to the date of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. The Malaya and British Borneo dollar remained legal tender until the introduction of the Singapore dollar in 1967. Before the currency split, there were discussions about a common currency between the Malaysian and Singaporean Governments.
Question:
Which country is separated from Singapore by the Johor Strait?
Answer:
Etymology of Malaysia
Passage:
Heptathlon
A heptathlon is a track and field combined events contest made up of seven events. The name derives from the Greek hepta (seven) and athlon (contest). A competitor in a heptathlon is referred to as a heptathlete.

There are two heptathlons – the women's heptathlon and the men's – composed of different events. The men's heptathlon is older and is held indoors, while the women's is held outdoors and was introduced in the 1980s, first appearing in the Olympics in 1984.

Women's heptathlon

Women's heptathlon is the combined event for women contested in the Athletics program of the Olympics and in the IAAF World Championships in Athletics. The IAAF World Combined Events Challenge determines a yearly women's heptathlon champion. The women's outdoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and the remaining three on day two:

* 100 metres hurdles
* High jump
* Shot put
* 200 metres
* Long jump
* Javelin throw 
* 800 metres

The heptathlon has been contested by female athletes since the early 1980s, when it replaced the pentathlon as the primary women's combined event contest (the javelin throw and 800 m were added).  It was first contested at the Olympic level in the 1984 Summer Olympics. In recent years some women's decathlon competitions have been conducted, consisting of the same events as the men's competition in a slightly different order, and the IAAF has begun keeping records for it, but the heptathlon remains the championship-level combined event for women. Jessica Ennis-Hill, representing Great Britain, is the 2012 Olympic Gold Medallist and the current World Champion.

There is also a Tetradecathlon, which is a double heptathlon, consisting of 14 events, seven events per day.

Points system

The heptathlon scoring system was devised by Dr Karl Ulbrich, a Viennese mathematician. The formulae are constructed so that, for each event, a designated "standard" performance (for example, approximately 1.82 m for the high jump) scores 1000 points.  Each event also has a minimum recordable performance level (e.g. 0.75 m for the high jump), corresponding to zero points. The formulae are devised so that successive constant increments in performance correspond to gradually increasing increments in points awarded.

The events are split into three groups, and the scores are calculated according to the three formulae: 

Running events (200 m, 800 m and 100 m hurdles):
:P = a \cdot (b - T)^c
Jumping events (high jump and long jump):
:P = a \cdot (M - b)^c
Throwing events (shot put and javelin):
:P = a \cdot (D - b)^c

P is for points, T is for time in seconds, M is for height or length in centimeters and D is length in meters. a, b and c have different values for each of the events (see table).

Benchmarks

The following table shows the benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Women's world records compared to heptathlon bests

Men's heptathlon

 

The other version is an indoor competition, normally contested by men only. It is the men's combined event in the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics. The men's indoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and remaining three on day two:

* 60 metres
* long jump
* shot put
* high jump
* 60 metres hurdles
* pole vault
* 1000 metres

The scoring is similar for both versions. In each event, the athlete scores points for his/her performance in each event according to scoring tables issued by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).  The athlete accumulating the highest number of points wins the competition.

Benchmarks

The following table shows the minimum benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Men's world records compared to heptathlon bests

All-time top 25 athletes

Women

* 

Notes

Below is a list of all other scores equal or superior to 6875 points.
*Jackie Joyner-Kersee also scored 7215 (1988), 7158 (1986), 7148 (1986), 7128 (1987), 7044 (1992), 6979 (1987), 6910 (1986), 6878 (1991)
*Carolina Kluft also scored 7001 (2003), 6952 (2004), 6887 (2005)
*Jessica Ennis also scored 6906 (2012)
*Sabine John (Paetz) also scored 6897 (1988)
*Larisa Nikitina also scored 6875 (1989)

Men

* 

Medalists

Women's Olympic medalists

Women's World Championships medalists

Men's World Indoor Championships medalists

Season's bests

Women's heptathlon

Men's indoor heptathlon

National records

Women's heptathlon

* As of July 2016
Question:
A heptathlon is an athletic contest of how many separate events?
Answer:
Seven
Passage:
Trinity College London
Trinity College London (TCL) is an international exam board based in London, England. Trinity offers qualifications across a range of disciplines in the performing arts and English language learning and teaching. The board conducts exams in over 70 countries.

Trinity College London was founded as the external exams board of Trinity College of Music (known today as the Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance), and began offering exams in music to external students in 1877. Over time, Trinity expanded to offer exams in other areas of the performing arts and in English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL).

Performing arts examinations

In 2004, Trinity College London's performing arts examinations division merged with the external examinations department of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama to form the Trinity Guildhall examinations board. The name Trinity Guildhall was dropped in 2012, and the board's performing arts examinations are now offered under the Trinity College London brand.

Music
 
Trinity College London offers graded musical qualifications for musical theory and for performance in a range of string instruments, singing, piano, electronic keyboards, brass, woodwind instruments and percussion. The grading begins with the Initial Grade, and then are numbered from Grade 1 to Grade 8 in increasing difficulty. Candidates are rated under three categories – the performance of musical pieces, technical work such as scales, and supporting tests such as sight reading and improvisation.  Candidates are graded on a scale from 1 to 100, with 60 being the pass mark. Candidates have some flexibility in the choices of pieces and tests prepared for each of these sections.

In addition to graded examinations, TCL also offers foundation, intermediate and advanced certificates in music.
TCL also offers diplomas in music at three levels - Associate (ATCL), Licentiate (LTCL) and Fellowship (FTCL).

In 2012, the exam board introduced Rock & Pop graded examinations for bass, drums, guitar, keyboards and vocals.

Drama and performance

Trinity College London offers a choice of qualifications for students and teachers of drama and speech subjects at all levels of experience and ability. Exams can be taken by individuals, pairs or groups. Study strands include Speech and Drama, Individual Acting Skills, Group Performance, Shakespeare, Choral Speaking, Communication Skills, Musical Theatre and Performance Arts.

As is the case with music, diplomas in drama, performance and communication subjects are also offered at three levels, and TCL is the awarding body for the series of professional performing arts courses that are funded in part by the Dance and Drama Awards scheme.

Arts Award

Within the United Kingdom, Trinity College London manages  Arts Award in association with Arts Council England. 

Language examinations

Assessments in English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) were first offered by Trinity College London in 1938. Trinity College London ESOL currently offers certificates for non-native speakers of English, and in Teaching English for Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) for teachers of non-native speakers of English.
Question:
Trinity College, London, issues which diplomas?
Answer:
LTCL
