Passage:
Bendorf
Bendorf is a town in the district of Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, on the right bank of the Rhine, approx. 7 km north of Koblenz.

Structure of the town

The town consists of the following districts:
*Bendorf
*Sayn
*Mülhofen
*Stromberg

Economy

From the 18th century Bendorf was dominated by mining and the metallurgical industry. The most imposing relic of this era is the Sayner Hütte (Sayn mine works). The ores of the Bendorfer mine works came from the Trierischer Loh iron-ore mine. The Rhine port of Bendorf dates from 1900. In addition to handling clay and basalt it has the largest oil-storage facilities between Mainz and Cologne.

Today the former industrial city is home to many retail stores.  Bendorf Focus is an association of traders, the aim of which is to improve the local economy.

The Bendorf Vierwindenhöhe FM radio transmitter is situated on the hill known as Vierwindenhöhe.

In Literature

Heinrich Böll's short story Wanderer, kommst du nach Spa... is set in Bendorf.
Question:
In which country is the Bendorf bridge?
Answer:
United States of Germany
Passage:
Leopold Bloom
Leopold Bloom is the fictional protagonist and hero of James Joyce's Ulysses. His peregrinations and encounters in Dublin on 16 June 1904 mirror, on a more mundane and intimate scale, those of Ulysses/Odysseus in Homer's epic poem the Odyssey. The character was inspired by James Joyce's close friend Aron Ettore Schmitz (Italo Svevo), author of Zeno's Conscience.

Bloom is introduced to the reader as a man of appetites: 

Mr Leopold Bloom ate with relish the inner organs of beasts and fowls. He liked thick giblet soup, nutty gizzards, a stuffed roast heart, liverslices fried with crustcrumbs, fried hencods' roes. Most of all he liked grilled mutton kidneys which gave to his palate a fine tang of faintly scented urine.

The Bloom character, born in 1866, is the only son of Rudolf Virág (a Hungarian Jew from Szombathely who emigrated to Ireland, converted from Judaism to Protestantism, changed his name to Rudolph Bloom and later committed suicide), and of Ellen Higgins, an Irish Protestant. He is uncircumcised. They lived in Clanbrassil Street, Portobello. Bloom converted to Catholicism to marry Marion (Molly) Tweedy on 8 October 1888. The couple have one daughter, Millicent (Milly), born in 1889; their son Rudolph (Rudy), born in December 1893, died after 11 days. The family live at 7 Eccles Street in Dublin.

Episodes (chapters) in Ulysses relate a series of encounters and incidents in Bloom's contemporary odyssey through Dublin in the course of the single day of 16 June 1904 (although episodes 1 to 3, 9 and to a lesser extent 7, are primarily concerned with Stephen Dedalus, who in the plan of the story is the counterpart of Telemachus). Joyce aficionados celebrate 16 June as 'Bloomsday'.

As the day unfolds, Bloom's thoughts turn to the affair between Molly and her manager, Hugh 'Blazes' Boylan (obliquely, through, for instance, telltale ear worms), and, prompted by the funeral of his friend Paddy Dignam, the death of his child, Rudy. The absence of a son may be what leads him to take a shine to Stephen, for whom he goes out of his way in the book's latter episodes, rescuing him from a brothel, walking him back to his own house and even offering him a place there to study and work. The reader becomes familiar with Bloom's tolerant, humanistic outlook, his penchant for voyeurism and his (purely epistolary) infidelity. Bloom detests violence, and his relative indifference to Irish nationalism leads to disputes with some of his peers (most notably 'the Citizen' in the Cyclops chapter). Although Bloom has never been a practising Jew, converted to Roman Catholicism to marry Molly, and has in fact received Christian baptism on three different occasions, he is of partial Jewish descent and is sometimes ridiculed and threatened because of his being perceived as a Jew. 

Elsewhere in popular culture

Writer-director Mel Brooks used the name "Leo Bloom" for the mousy accountant in his film/musical The Producers. Leo is a nervous accountant, prone to panic attacks, who keeps a security blanket to calm himself. Nevertheless it is Leo who has the idea of how to make money from a failed play. In the 2005 film, after realizing his inner potential, Leo loudly asks "When's it gonna be Bloom's Day?" Hidden in the background of the office of Max Bialystock is a calendar marked for June 16th, which is Bloomsday.

Former Pink Floyd bandmate Roger Waters references Leopold Bloom in his song "Flickering Flame" as sitting with Molly Malone.

It has also been suggested by Jeffrey Meyer in "Orwell's Apocalypse: Coming Up For Air, Modern Fiction Studies" that George Orwell's primary character George Bowling in Coming Up For Air was modelled on Leopold Bloom.

Leopold Bloom also serves as an archetype, due to his non-identity and political indifference, for the nihilistic and apathetic mass in contemporary society in the French radical fringe publication Tiqqun.

Grace Slick's song "Rejoyce", from the album After Bathing at Baxter's concerns the novel Ulysses, and Bloom is mentioned in the song.

Leo Bloom King is the protagonist and narrator of Pat Conroy's 2009 novel South of Broad. His mother is a huge fan of Joyce.
Question:
Leopold Bloom is the leading character in which 20th century novel?
Answer:
Ulysess
Passage:
The world's youngest self-made billionaires - MSN
The world's youngest self-made billionaires
You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience.
The world's youngest self-made billionaires
Forbes 3/9/2016 Kate Vinton
Youngest Self-Made Billionaires Click through the slideshow above to see the world's youngest self-made billionaires.
A record 66 members of the 2016 Forbes Billionaires List are under the age of 40. Of those, an impressive 36 built their fortunes themselves. Nearly three-quarters of these self-made billionaires got rich in the tech sector, with half of the tech fortunes coming from so-called “Unicorns” – private startups valued by investors at $1 billion or more. Many of these companies, like Snapchat, Uber, Pinterest and Airbnb, didn't even exist 10 years ago.
The youngest of these self-made mavens is 25-year-old Snapchat cofounder Evan Spiegel. In May, Snapchat raised $538 million in funding, valuing the ephemeral messaging company at $16 billion and increasing Spiegel's net worth to $2.1 billion. His Snapchat cofounder and Stanford friend, 27-year-old Bobby Murphy is the next youngest self-made billionaire with a net worth of $1.8 billion.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg was the world's youngest billionaire when he debuted on the list in March 2008 at age 23 with a net worth of $1.5 billion. Today, the 31-year-old is not the youngest but he's definitely the richest by far of the under-40 crowd, with a net worth of $44.6 billion.
There is only one woman billionaire under 40 with a self-made fortune. Elizabeth Holmes, now 32, founded her blood-testing company Theranos at age 19. The company has come under fire in the past year for shipping an unapproved blood-collecting device and having unsafe lab practices, leading Forbes to lower our valuation of Theranos. Holmes, who owns half of Theranos, is worth an estimated $3.6 billion.
Question:
As at 2011 who is the world's youngest self-made billionaire
Answer:
Priscilla Chan Zuckerberg
Passage:
Statistics of Dice Throw - Georgia State University
Statistics of Dice Throw
Statistics of Dice Throw
The probababilities of different numbers obtained by the throw of two dice offer a good introduction to the ideas of probability . For the throw of a single die, all outcomes are equally probable. But in the throw of two dice, the different possibilities for the total of the two dice are not equally probable because there are  more ways to get some numbers than others. There are six ways to get a total of 7, but only one way to get 2, so the "odds" of getting a 7 are six times those for getting "snake eyes". This simple example raises the idea of distinguishable states. For example, throwing a 3 is twice as likely as throwing a 2 because there are two distinguishable ways to get a 3.
The probability of getting a given value for the total on the dice may be calculated by taking the total number of ways that value can be produced and dividing it by the total number of distinguishable outcomes. So the probability of a 7 on the dice is 1/6 because it can be produced in 6 ways out of a total of 36 possible outcomes.
Go Back
Of Dice and the Binomial Distribution
The throw of a die or the picking of a card out of a deck are perhaps the most visible examples of the statistics of random events. Most of the conceptual tasks in probability for these kind of events can be handled with the binomial distribution . The binomial distribution
can serve as a kind of "multi-tool" for common statistical questions.
Given one throw of a die, what is the probability of throwing a 2?
What is the probability of throwing two 2's in a row?
What is the probability that in six throws of the die you will not throw any  twos?
What is the probability that you will throw at least one 2 in six throws?
What is the average number of 2's that you would throw with a total of six throws of the die?
    The average number for a given outcome is the number of trials times the probability for that outcome. So the average is = np = 6(1/6) =1.
What is the probability that you will throw exactly one 2 in six throws?
Question:
What is the most likely total to result from a throw of a pair of dice?
Answer:
Seven
Passage:
Whorl (botany)
In botany, a whorl is an arrangement of sepals, petals, leaves, stipules or branches that radiate from a single point and surround or wrap around the stem.   A whorl consists of at least three elements; a pair of opposite leaves is not called a whorl.

The morphology of most Angiosperm flowers is based on four whorls: 
#the calyx, a whorl of sepals at the base, above which are
#the corolla, a whorl of petals, 
#the androecium, a whorl of stamens (each comprising a filament and an anther), and
#the gynoecium, a whorl of the female parts of a flower: the stigma, style and ovary.

A flower lacking any of these floral structures is said to be incomplete or imperfect.  Not all flowers consist of whorls since the parts may instead be spirally arranged, as in Magnoliaceae.

For leaves to grow in whorls is fairly unusual except in plant species with very short internodes. It does however occur in some trees such as Brabejum stellatifolium and other Proteaceae, such as some Banksia species. In examples such as those illustrated, crowded internodes within the whorls alternate with long internodes between the whorls.
Question:
The outer whorl of a flower is called a calyx . What is the plural form of the word?
Answer:
Calyx
Passage:
Helvetia
Helvetia is the female national personification of Switzerland, officially  Confœderatio Helvetica, the Swiss Confederation. The Goddess Helvetia or the Goddess Helvetica.

The allegory is typically pictured in a flowing gown, with a spear and a shield emblazoned with the Swiss flag, and commonly with braided hair, commonly with a wreath as a symbol of confederation. The name is a derivation of the ethnonym Helvetii, the name of the Gaulish tribe inhabiting the Swiss Plateau prior to the Roman conquest.

History

The fashion of depicting the Swiss Confederacy in terms of female allegories arises in the 17th century. This replaces an earlier convention, popular in the 1580s, of representing Switzerland as a bull (Schweizer Stier).

In the first half of the 17th century, there isn't a single allegory identified as Helvetia. Rather, a number of allegories are shown representing both virtues and vices of the confederacy. 
On the title page of his 1642 Topographia, Matthäus Merian shows two allegorical figures seated below the title panel: one is the figure of an armed Eidgenosse, representing Swiss military prowess or victory, the other is a female Abundantia allegory crowned with a city's ramparts, representing the Swiss territory or its fertility. 

Female allegories of individual cantons predate the single Helvetia figure. There are depictions of a Respublica Tigurina Virgo (1607), a Lucerna shown in 1658 with the victor of Villmergen, Christoph Pfyffer, and a Berna of 1682.

Over the next half-century, Merian's Abundantia would develop into the figure of Helvetia proper. An oil painting of 1677/78 from Solothurn, known as Libertas Helvetiae, shows a female Libertas allegory standing on a pillar.
In 1672, an oil painting by Albrecht Kauw shows a number of figures labelled Helvetia moderna. These represent vices such as Voluptas and Avaritia, contrasting with the virtues of Helvetia antiqua (not shown in the painting). 

On 14 September 1672, a monumental baroque play by Johann Caspar Weissenbach was performed in Zug, entitled Eydtgnossisch Contrafeth Auff- und Abnemmender Jungfrawen Helvetiae. 
The play is full of allegories illustrating the raise of Helvetia and her decadence after the Reformation. In the 4th act, the Abnemmende Helvetiae or "Waning Helvetia" is faced with Atheysmus and Politicus while the old virtues leave her. In the final scene, Christ himself appears to punish the wayward damsel, but the Mother of God and Bruder Klaus intercede and the contrite sinner is pardoned.

Identification of the Swiss as "Helvetians" (Hélvetiens) becomes common in the 18th century, particularly in the French language, as in François-Joseph-Nicolas d'Alt de Tieffenthal's very patriotic Histoire des Hélvetiens (1749–53)
followed by Alexander Ludwig von Wattenwyl's Histoire de la Confédération hélvetique (1754). Helvetia appears in patriotic and political artwork in the context of the construction of a national history and identity in the early 19th century, after the disintegration of the Napoleonic  Helvetic Republic, and she appears on official federal coins and stamps from the foundation of Switzerland as a federal state in 1848.

Name of Switzerland

The Swiss Confederation continues to use the name in its Latin form when it is inappropriate or inconvenient to use any or all of its four official languages. Thus, the name appears on postage stamps, coins and other uses; the full name, Confœderatio Helvetica, is abbreviated for uses such as the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 and vehicle registration code CH, and the ccTLD, .ch.

Notably, translations of the term Helvetia still serve as the name for Switzerland in languages such as Irish, in which the country is known as An Eilvéis, Greek, in which it is known as Ελβετία (Elvetia) and Romanian, Elveţia. In Italian Elvezia is seen as archaic, but the demonym noun/adjective elvetico is used commonly as synonym of svizzero. In French, Swiss people may be referred to as Helvètes. The German word Helvetien is used as well as synonym of Schweiz and has a higher poetic value. Helvetien is also more common in Germany, the German-speaking Swiss use simply "Helvetia" or "Helvecia" as poetic synonym of their country.

Gallery

File:Geneve jardin Anglais 2011-09-13 13 50 00 PICT4755.JPG|Helvetia (right) with "Geneva" (monument in Geneva).
File:Picswiss BS-53-07.jpg|Helvetia auf Reisen ("Helvetia on her travels"), statue in Basel.
File:Bern Bundeshaus Skulpturengruppe.jpg|Statue of Helvetia on the Federal Palace of Switzerland, Bern.
Image:Stamp Switzerland 1881 25c.jpg|Helvetia on a 25 centime Swiss postage stamp, 1881.
File:Stamp Switzerland 1910 10c tb pair.jpg|The Swiss stamps bear the indication "Helvetia" to indicate Switzerland.
Question:
Helvetia is the female personification of which country, appearing on its coins and stamps, etc?
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:CH
Passage:
Tendring
Tendring is a local government district in north east Essex, England. It extends from the River Stour in the north, to the coast and the River Colne in the south, with the coast to the East and the town of Colchester to the west. Its council is based in Clacton-on-Sea.  Towns in the district include Frinton-on-Sea, Walton-on-the-Naze, Brightlingsea and Harwich. Large villages in the district include St Osyth and Great Bentley.

Sometimes referred to as the "Tendring Peninsula", the district was formed on 1 April 1974 as a merger of the borough of Harwich, with Brightlingsea, Clacton and Frinton and Walton urban districts, and Tendring Rural District.  The name Tendring comes from the ancient Tendring Hundred which is named after the small Tendring village at the centre of the area. The Tendring Poor Law Union covered the same area as the present district.

During the English civil war, the witch-finder general, Matthew Hopkins carried out many trials throughout this and the surrounding area especially in the town of Manningtree and village of Mistley on the River Stour.

The largest town in the Tendring district is Clacton-on-Sea, with a population of 53,000.

Etymology

There are these theories about the origin of its name:-
*From Anglo-Saxon tynder = "tinder": "place where tinder or fuel is gathered."
*From the German placename [http://www.planetware.com/hamelin/tundern-d-ni-hamt.htm Tündern] in Lower Saxony (old spelling Tundiriun) plus Anglo-Saxon -ing or -ingas: "people who came across the sea from Tündern".

Topography

The highest part of the district is a low (35 metres) ridge running west to east only 3 km south of the River Stour. The greater part of the district is undulating land sloping very gently to the south which is traversed by a number of streams.

Politics and local governance

Tendring District Council is currently in a state of No Overall Control (NOC) after the Local Elections in 2015. The Conservatives are the largest party with 23 out of the 60 available seats. The UK Independence Party with 22 seats, the Labour Party with 4 seats, the Holland-on-Sea Residents Association with 3 seats, the Liberal Democrats with 1 seat, Tendring First with 1 seat, and 6 independents were also elected. 

Prior to the 2015 elections, the council was controlled by the Conservatives who gained control of the authority in the 2011 local elections, holding 33 out of the 60 available seats. Tendring returns eight County Councillors to Essex County Council and at the 2013 local elections 4 seats were held by Conservatives, 2 won by UKIP, 1 won by Labour and 1 won by a Tendring First independent. 

In 2014 the Council was described as "moronic" and "cretinous" after it destroyed a mural by Banksy on a toilet block in Clacton-on-Sea. A member of the public had complained that the mural was 'racist'. 

Tendring's Golf Green ward contains the most deprived area in England and Wales,  and is currently held by two UKIP Councillors.

Parishes

The district is divided into the following parishes. "From" indicates older parishes which have now been merged.
* Alresford
* Ardleigh
* Beaumont-cum-Moze
* Bradfield
* Brightlingsea
* Elmstead
* Frating
* Frinton and Walton (from Frinton, Great Holland, Kirby-le-Soken, and Walton-le-Soken) 
* Great Bentley
* Great Bromley
* Great Oakley
* Harwich (from Dovercourt and St Nicholas)
* Lawford
* Little Bentley
* Little Bromley
* Little Clacton
* Little Oakley
* Manningtree
* Mistley
* Point Clear
* Ramsey and Parkeston
* St Osyth
* Tendring
* Thorpe-le-Soken
* Thorrington
* Weeley
* Wix
* Wrabness

Soken

In the extreme east of the district is an area formerly known as the Soken which was granted special privileges in Saxon times. It is remembered in the place names Kirby-le-Soken, Thorpe-le-Soken and Walton-le-Soken (an older name for Walton-on-the-Naze).

Notes
Question:
Tendring District Council is in which English county? -
Answer:
Wright's Green
Passage:
The Hajj Stampede: Why Do Crowds Run? - The Atlantic
The Hajj Stampede: Why Do Crowds Run? - The Atlantic
The Atlantic
The Hajj Stampede: Why Do Crowds Run?
It usually isn’t about “panic.”
Muhammad Hamed / Reuters
Print
Text Size
On Thursday, more than 700 people were killed in a stampede outside the holy city of Mecca. The disaster took place during the annual Hajj pilgrimage, which draws about 2 million Muslims to Saudi Arabia each year.
Although this was the deadliest Hajj episode in a quarter-century, it is a story that is sadly familiar . In Mina, where Thursday’s disaster took place, stampedes killed more than 360 people in 2006 and 244 in 2004. In the worst Hajj stampede, 1,426 pilgrims were crushed in a pedestrian tunnel leading to Mecca in 1990.
Related Story
Reviewing Safety at the Hajj
Worldwide, human stampedes are so common—and so confounding—that they’ve inspired their own body of academic research within the larger field of study on crowd behavior. According to one 2010 study led by Edbert Hsu of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, 215 human stampedes took place worldwide between 1980 and 2007, leading to more than 7,000 deaths and 14,000 injuries. Stampedes have been evaluated as a public health issue , and as a sociological phenomenon . Others have asked whether the right algorithm could help identify dangerous crowd surges before they turn deadly.
Large religious gatherings are a particular stampede danger in the developing world. A 2013 paper out of India, for example, found that 79 percent of stampedes in that country have taken place at religious events, as opposed to political or entertainment-related events. In 2014, 178 people were killed in various Indian stampedes, and the country’s annual total death toll from stampedes has topped 300 four times in the past decade. According to Hsu’s research, the deadliest stampedes are concentrated in Southeast Asia and in Africa, and at religious events. But they can and do occur anywhere, as evidenced by the notorious New York stampede at a 2008 Wal-Mart Black Friday sale, which killed a store employee. With a growing global population concentrated in crowded cities, Hsu and his team found in 2010 that stampede incidents were on the rise.
Stampedes are captivating in part because, though somewhat common, they are also unpredictable. Here’s how John Seabrook described them in a harrowing 2011 article in The New Yorker:
The transition from fraternal smooshing to suffocating pressure—a “crowd crush”—often occurs almost imperceptibly; one doesn’t realize what’s happening until it’s too late to escape. Something interrupts the flow of pedestrians—a blocked exit, say, while an escalator continues to feed people into a closed-off space. ... At a certain point, you feel pressure on all sides of your body, and realize that you can’t raise your arms. You are pulled off your feet, and welded into a block of people. The crowd force squeezes the air out of your lungs, and you struggle to take another breath.
For remote observers, the terror of the phenomenon is compounded by the fact that it’s so hard to know whom to blame. In Saudi Arabia, the country’s health minister chalked up the latest incident to a failure to follow instructions, and the head of the Central Hajj Committee blamed “some pilgrims from African nationalities.” But others pointed to the Saudi government’s failure to manage the event. (It doesn’t help the Saudis’ claims of competence that a crane collapse at Mecca’s Grand Mosque killed 109 people just a few weeks ago.)
Crowds often take the blame for what are actually failures of planning and logistics.
The current discussion echoes what Seabrook concluded: Crowds often take the blame for what are actually failures of planning and logistics. Press accounts, he found, often characterize stampedes as “panics,” with a frenzied mob surging forward with no regard to whom they trample. But one recent analysis of crowd disasters, which focused on 2010 stampede that killed 21 people at the Love Parade music festival in Germany, found that the disaster had more to do with physics than psychology: “Video recordings show that people stumbled and piled up due to a ‘domino effect’, resulting from a phenomenon called ‘crowd turbulence’ or ‘crowd quake.’ This was the consequence of amplifying feedback and cascading effects, which are typical for systemic instabilities.”
Blocked exits, overcrowded spaces, and insufficient security and emergency services all exacerbate the dangers. Event organizers, managers, governments, promoters, designers, and other entities defend themselves vigorously in the aftermath of these disasters. But the crowd, so brutally cooperative in one moment, rarely speaks in such unison afterward. With no one to defend it, the crowd can be personified as violent or dumb.
And although it’s easy to assume that stampedes are caused by panicked crowds running away from something in fear, Seabrook found that, in general, that’s only true in fires. In most stampedes, the crowd is churning toward something. In the United States and Europe, stampedes are rarer than they are in the developing world, and they don’t tend to happen on religious occasions. Americans and Europeans stampede for other causes: Black Friday sales , rock concerts , and sporting events . No one person decides to stampede. But if there’s a connection between what attracts a crowd and what a society holds dear, then stampedes are a deadly illustration of those values.
Question:
At what religious gathering were over 700 people killed in 2015 due to a stampede?
Answer:
Hajj flights
Passage:
Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life
Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life (1993) is a short comic film for BBC Scotland. Written and directed  by Peter Capaldi, it stars Richard E. Grant as Franz Kafka and co-stars Ken Stott.

The title refers to the name of the writer Franz Kafka and the film It's a Wonderful Life, directed by Frank Capra, and the plot takes the concept of the two to absurd depths. The great writer is about to write his famous work, The Metamorphosis, but inspiration is lacking, and he suffers continual interruptions.

The film features a rendition of "Ah! Sweet Mystery of Life" from the operetta Naughty Marietta.

In 1994, the short won a BAFTA Award for Best Short Film. The following year it tied for an Academy Award for Live Action Short Film with Trevor.  

Cast

* Richard E. Grant – Franz Kafka
* Crispin Letts – Gregor Samsa
* Ken Stott – Woland the Knifeman
* Elaine Collins – Miss Cicely
* Phyllis Logan – Frau Bunofsky
* Lucy Woodhouse – Party Girl
Question:
"Who wrote and directed the Bafta Award winning short film ""Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life"" (1993)?"
Answer:
Peter Capaldi
Passage:
Taurotragus
Taurotragus is a genus of large antelopes of the African savanna, commonly known as elands. It contains two species: the common eland T. oryx and the giant eland T. derbianus.

Taxonomy

Taurotragus is a genus of large African antelopes, placed under the subfamily Bovinae and family Bovidae. The genus authority is the German zoologist Johann Andreas Wagner, who first mentioned it in the journal Die Säugthiere in Abbildungen nach der Natur, mit Beschreibungen in 1855. The name is composed of two Greek words: Taurus or Tauros, meaning a bull or bullock;   and Tragos, meaning a male goat, in reference to the tuft of hair that grows in the eland's ear which resembles a goat's beard. 

The genus consists of two species:
* Common eland (Taurotragus oryx) (Pallas, 1766) : Three subspecies of common eland are recognized, though their validity has been in dispute.
* T. o. livingstonii (Sclater, 1864) (Livingstone's eland): Found in the Central Zambezian miombo woodlands. It has a brown pelt with up to 12 stripes.
* T. o. oryx (Pallas, 1766) (Cape eland): Found in south and southwest Africa. The coat is tawny, and adults lose their stripes.
* T. o. pattersonianus (Lydekker, 1906) (East African eland or Patterson's eland): Found in east Africa. Its coat can have up to 12 stripes.

* Giant eland (Taurotragus derbianus) (Gray, 1847) : The largest antelope in the world. It has two subspecies:
* T. d. derbianus J. E. Gray, 1847 – western giant eland, found in western Africa, particularly Senegal to Mali. Its coat is rufous, and can have up to 15 stripes.
* T. d. gigas Heuglin, 1863 – eastern giant eland, found in central to eastern Africa, particularly Cameroon to South Sudan. Its coat is sandy, and can have up to 12 stripes.

Taurotragus is sometimes considered part of the genus Tragelaphus on the basis of molecular phylogenetics. Together with the bongo, giant eland and common eland are the only antelopes in the tribe Tragelaphini (consisting of Taurotragus and Tragelaphus) to be given a generic name other than Tragelaphus. Although some authors, like Theodor Haltenorth, regarded the giant eland as conspecific with the common eland, they are generally considered two distinct species. 

Genetics and evolution

The eland have 31 male chromosomes and 32 female chromosomes. In a 2008 phylogenomic study of spiral-horned antelopes, chromosomal similarities were observed between cattle (Bos taurus) and eight species of spiral-horned antelopes, namely: nyala (Tragelaphus angasii), lesser kudu (T. imberbis), bongo (T. eurycerus), bushbuck (T. scriptus), greater kudu (T. strepsiceros), sitatunga (T. spekei), giant eland and common eland. It was found that chromosomes involved in centric fusions in these species used a complete set of cattle painting probes generated by laser microdissection. The study confirmed the presence of the chromosome translocation known as Robertsonian translocation (1;29), a widespread evolutionary marker common to all known tragelaphid species. 

An accidental mating between a male giant eland and a female kudu produced a male offspring, but it was azoospermic. Analysis showed that it completely lacked germ cells, which produce gametes. Still, the hybrid had a strong male scent and exhibited male behaviour. Chromosomal examination showed that chromosomes 1, 3, 5, 9, and 11 differed from the parental karyotypes. Notable mixed inherited traits were pointed ears as the eland's, but a bit widened like kudu's. The tail was half the length of that of an eland, with a terminal tuft of hair as in kudu. Female elands can also act as surrogates for bongos.

The bovid ancestors of the eland evolved approximately 20 million years ago in Africa; fossils are found throughout Africa and France but the best record appears in sub-Saharan Africa. The first members of the tribe Tragelaphini appear 6 million years in the past during the late Miocene. An extinct ancestor of the common eland (Taurotragus arkelli) appears in the Pleistocene in northern Tanzania and the first T. oryx fossil appears in the Holocene in Algeria. Previous genetic studies of African savanna ungulates revealed the presence of a long-standing Pleistocene refugium in eastern and southern Africa, which also includes the giant eland. The common eland and giant eland have been estimated to have diverged about 1.6 million years ago. 

Differences between species

Both the species of eland are large spiral-horned antelopes. Though the giant eland broadly overlaps in size with the common eland, the former is somewhat larger on average than the latter. In fact, the giant eland is the largest species of antelope in the world.  Eland are sexually dimorphic, as the females are smaller than males. The two eland species are nearly similar in height, ranging from . In both species, males typically weigh 400 to while females weigh 300 to. 

The coat of the common eland is tan for females, and darker with a bluish tinge for males. The giant eland is reddish-brown to chestnut. The coat of the common eland varies geographically; the eland in southern Africa lack the distinctive markings (torso stripes, markings on legs, dark garters and a spinal crest) present in those from the northern half of the continent. Similarly, the giant eland displays 8 to 12 well-defined vertical white torso stripes. In both species the coat of the males darken with age. According to zoologist Jakob Bro-Jørgensen, the colour of the male's coat can reflect the levels of androgen, a male hormone, which is highest during rutting.
Question:
With the scientific name Taurotragus oryx, which is the largest species of antelope?
Answer:
ELAND
Passage:
Lulworth Cove
Lulworth Cove is a cove near the village of West Lulworth, on the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site in Dorset, southern England.  The cove is one of the world's finest examples of such a landform, and is a tourist location with approximately 500,000 visitors a year, of whom about 30% visit in July and August.   It is close to the rock arch of Durdle Door and other Jurassic Coast sites.

Lulworth Cove featured on the TV programme Seven Natural Wonders as one of the wonders of southern England.

Lulworth Cove 

The cove has formed because there are bands of rock of alternating resistance running parallel to the shore (a concordant coastline).  On the seaward side the clays and sands have been eroded away.  A narrow (less than 30 metre) band of Portland limestone rocks forms the shoreline.  Behind this is a narrow (less than 50 metres) band of slightly less resistant Purbeck limestone.  Behind this are 300–350 metres of much less resistant clays and greensands (Wealden clays, Gault and Upper Greensand).

Forming the back of the cove is a 250 metre wide band of chalk, which is considerably more resistant than the clays and sands, but less resistant than the limestones.  The entrance to the cove is a narrow gap in the limestone bands.  This was formed by a combination of erosional processes from wave action and weathering.  The wide part of the cove is where the weak clays and greensands have been eroded. At the back of the cove, the sea has been unable to erode the chalk as fast because chalk does not dissolve in the sea acids.

The unique shape of the cove is a result of wave diffraction. The narrow entrance to the cove ensures that as waves enter they bend into an arced shape this is shown clearly on the photograph.

Stair Hole 

Stair Hole, less than half a mile away, is an infant cove which suggests what Lulworth Cove would have looked like a few hundred thousand years ago.  The sea has made a gap in the Portland and Purbeck limestone here, as well as a small arch.  The sea has made its way through to the Wealdon clays and begun eroding them.  The clay shows obvious signs of slumping, and is eroding very rapidly.  Stair Hole shows one of the best examples of limestone folding (the Lulworth crumple) in the world, caused by movements in the Earth's crust (tectonics) millions of years ago. Folding can also be seen at nearby Durdle Door and at Lulworth cove itself.

Conservation, tourism, education and management 

Lulworth acts as a gateway to this part of the Jurassic Coast.  As well as the cove, across Hambury Tout (the large chalk hill to the west) is Durdle Door, a natural arch.  To the east there is a fossilised forest.  Lulworth is also close to Kimmeridge, famous for its rocky shore and fossils.  The sea floor in and around the cove yields fossils, and oil sands beneath the sea bed form the largest British oil field outside the North Sea area, and contain the highest quality oil in Europe.  Geologists and geographers have been interested in the area since the beginning of the 19th century, and in the 1830s the first serious study of the area took place. Since then the area has drawn Geology students from all over the world.

Purbeck suffers from trampling because of its many visitors and erosion from the sea. Management has been put in place to stop the coastline from being ruined, such as wooden steps and fences. These will keep people to a certain path and steps will reinforce the ground.

In 2001 the coast was granted World Heritage Site status by UNESCO. Experts at UNESCO have been working on preserving the shape of Lulworth Cove.  Lulworth was one of a number of gateway villages on the coast with a Heritage Centre—part visitor centre, tourist information and natural history museum—which in 2002 received 418,595 visitors.  Most of the area is privately owned by the Lulworth Estate, an estate held by the wealthy landowning family; The Welds.

Land to the east is owned by the Ministry of Defence and used for tank training, only open on weekends and holidays.  The coast and land to the north and around the village is owned and managed by the Lulworth Estate (see Lulworth Castle). Each year, over 250,000 people walk across the hill linking the cove to Durdle Door.

In popular culture

Lulworth Cove featured on the TV programme Seven Natural Wonders (2005) as one of the wonders of Southern England. It also appeared in the Mike Leigh TV film Nuts in May (1976), and was used for the location filming in the Doctor Who serial The Curse of Fenric (1989) and in the  film adaptation of the book World War Z (2013). Thomas Hardy also wrote a poem mentioning the location titled "At Lulworth Cove a Century Back."
Question:
In which County are Lulworth Cove and the natural limestone arch Durdle Door?
Answer:
DORSET
