Passage:
The 10 Best Hotels Near Folkestone Racecourse from $85 ...
Top 10 Hythe Hotels Near Folkestone Racecourse | United Kingdom | Hotels.com
Hotels in Hythe near Folkestone Racecourse
Folkestone Racecourse in the Hythe area, United Kingdom
Are you looking for a cheap Folkestone Racecourse hotel, a 5 star Folkestone Racecourse hotel or a family friendly Folkestone Racecourse hotel? You just landed in the best site to find the best deals and offers on the most amazing accommodations for your stay.
When you search for hotels near Folkestone Racecourse with Hotels.com, you need to first check our online map and see the distance you will be from Folkestone Racecourse, United Kingdom.
Our maps are based on hotel search and display areas and neighborhoods of each hotel so you can see how close you are from Folkestone Racecourse and refine your search within Hythe or United Kingdom based on closest public transportation, restaurants and entertainment so you can easily get around the city. All the hotels details page show an option for free or paid onsite parking.
If you wish to see the hotels with the highest featuring discounts and deals near Folkestone Racecourse, simply filter by price/ average nightly rate. We recommend you filter by star rating and read our genuine guest reviews so you can get the best quality hotel with the best discount.
One of the new features on Hotels.com guest reviews is that also show reviews from Expedia for Folkestone Racecourse hotels and the TripAdvisor Folkestone Racecourse hotels reviews so you can make sure that you checking with a reliable source. See the review scores on our Hythe hotel information pages.
Make the most out of your family vacation when you book your accommodation with Hotels.com – book your hotel near Folkestone Racecourse, Hythe after reviewing the facilities and amenities listed for each hotel.
After booking your hotel near Folkestone Racecourse, expect to receive your reservation confirmation in the mail in less than 10 minutes. The confirmation email contains more information on all nearby attractions, local directions and weather forecast, so you can better plan the days during your trip.
After getting the best hotel rates you can still save more by winning 1 free night! That’s right, book 10 nights in any hotel near Folkestone Racecourse, Hythe and after you sign up for the Welcome Rewards program, you are eligible hotel you receive 1 night free*
The best hotel deals are here: We have Folkestone Racecourse hotel deals, Folkestone Racecourse last minute deals and offers to get you the cheapest Folkestone Racecourse hotel with our lowest price guarantee.
Question:
The entrance to the Channel Tunnel is close to which racecourse?
Answer:
FOLKESTONE
Passage:
Tagus
The Tagus (; ; ; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula.  It is 1038 km long, 716 km in Spain, 47 km along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km in Portugal, where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon.  It drains an area of 80100 sqkm (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).  The Tagus is highly utilized for most of its course. Several dams and diversions supply drinking water to most of central Spain, including Madrid, and Portugal, while dozens of hydroelectric stations create power. Between dams it follows a very constricted course, but after Almourol it enters a vast alluvial valley prone to flooding. At its mouth is a large estuary on which the port city of Lisbon is situated.

The source of the Tagus is the Fuente de García, in the Frías de Albarracín municipal term, Montes Universales, Sistema Ibérico, Sierra de Albarracín Comarca. All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank.  The main cities it passes through are Aranjuez, Toledo, Talavera de la Reina and Alcántara in Spain, and Abrantes, Santarém, Almada and Lisbon in Portugal.

Course

In Spain

The first notable city on the Tagus is Sacedón. Below Aranjuez it receives the combined flow of the Jarama,  Henares, Algodor and Tajuña.  Below Toledo it receives the Guadarrama River.  Above Talavera de la Reina it receives the Alberche.  At Valdeverdeja is the upper end of the long upper reservoir, the Embalse de Valdecañas, beyond which are the Embalse de Torrejon, into which flow the Tiétar, and the lower reservoir, the Alcántara Dam into which flows the Alagón at the lower end.

There is a canal and aqueduct between the Tagus and the Segura.

In Portugal

After forming the border it enters Portugal, passing Vila Velha de Ródão, Abrantes, Constância, Entroncamento, Santarém and Vila Franca de Xira at the head of the long narrow estuary, which has Lisbon at its mouth. The estuary is protected by the Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve. There is the largest bridge across the river, the Vasco da Gama Bridge, which with a total length of  is the longest bridge in Europe.

The Portuguese Alentejo region and former Ribatejo Province take their names from the river; Alentejo, from além Tejo "Beyond the Tagus" and Ribatejo from arriba Tejo, an archaic way of saying "Upper Tagus".

Geology

The lower Tagus is on a fault line. Slippage along it has caused numerous earthquakes, the major ones being those of 1309, 1531 and 1755. 

History

The Pepper Wreck, properly the wreck of the Nossa Senhora dos Mártires, is a shipwreck located and excavated at the mouth of the Tagus between 1996 and 2001.

The river had strategic value to the Spanish and Portuguese empires, as it guarded the approach to Lisbon. For example, in 1587, Sir Francis Drake briefly approached the river after his successful raid at Cadiz. 

Popular culture

A major river, the Tagus is brought to mind in the songs and stories of the Portuguese. A popular fado song in Lisbon notes that while people get older, the Tagus remains young ("My hair getting white, the Tagus is always young"). The author, Fernando Pessoa, wrote a poem that begins: 
"The Tagus is more beautiful than the river that flows through my village. But the Tagus is not more beautiful than the river that flows through my village..." 

Richard Crashaw's poem "Saint Mary Magdalene, or the Weeper" refers to the "Golden" Tagus as wanting Mary Magdalene's silver tears. In classical poetry the Tagus was famous for its gold-bearing sands (Catullus 29.19, Ovid, Amores, 1.15.34, Juvenal, Satires, 3.55, etc.).
Question:
Which European city is built at the mouth of the river Tagus?
Answer:
Capital of Portugal
Passage:
Armadillos as Food
Armadillos as Food
Armadillos as Food
[Collapse Menu]
Do people really eat armadillos?
It may seem like an odd question, but the answer is “Yes”. In many areas of Central and South America, armadillo meat is often used as part of an average diet. Armadillo meat is a traditional ingredient in Oaxaca, Mexico. I have heard that some peoples of South America keep small varieties of armadillos as edible housepets. During the Depression, armadillos were often eaten by hungry people. They were called “Hoover hogs” by people angry with then-President Herbert Hoover’s broken promise of a chicken in every pot. The meat is said to taste like fine-grained, high-quality pork.
I have seen several online recipes for armadillo, and I have been told that armadillo meat is an acceptable substitute for pork, chicken, or beef in many dishes. (I have not yet had an opportunity to dine on armadillo myself, so I can&38217; say personally whether this is true.) If you have access to armadillo meat, don’t be afraid to try it, but you should make sure that the meat is cooked thoroughly to avoid the possibility of contracting a disease. Armadillos are known to carry leprosy , and although the incidence level is fairly low in most regions there is still a risk of transmission if the meat is undercooked.
Links marked with this icon [
] will leave this website.
Question:
What does an armadillo taste like?
Answer:
Pork
Passage:
Frith Street
Frith Street is in the Soho area of London. To the north is Soho Square and to the south is Shaftesbury Avenue. The street crosses Old Compton Street, Bateman Street and Romilly Street.

History 

Frith Street was built in the years around 1680, and was apparently named after a wealthy builder named Richard Frith. In the 18th and early 19th centuries many artistic and literary people came to live in Soho and several of them settled in this street. The painter John Alexander Gresse was here in 1784, the year of his death. John Horne Tooke, philologist and politician, lived here in about 1804; John Constable lived here 1810–11; John Bell, the sculptor, in 1832–33 and William Hazlitt wrote his last essays while he was lodging at No. 6 Frith Street prior to his death there in 1830. The lithographic artist Alfred Concanen had a studio at No. 12 for many years.Irons, Neville - 'Alfred Concanen, Master Lithographer' Irish Arts Review Vol. 4, No. 3 (Autumn 1987) pgs 37-41 

Samuel Romilly, the legal reformer, was born at No. 18 in 1757, and the young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart lodged at No. 20 with his father and sister in 1764–65. In 1816 the actor William Charles Macready was living at No. 64, and over a hundred years later, from 1924 to 1926 John Logie Baird lived at No. 22 where on 26 January 1926 he demonstrated television to members of the Royal Institution.

In 1989 Frith Street Gallery was founded here, originally occupying two adjacent townhouses. Initially it was a forum for contemporary drawing, then it expanded into a wide range of artistic media. In 2007 the gallery moved to Golden Square, just a short distance from Frith Street. 

Today

The coffee shop Bar Italia occupies No. 22 and there is a blue plaque over the door to commemorate Baird's TV experiments. Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club has been at No. 47 since 1965.

Popular culture

Frith Street is mentioned twice in the lyrics of the 2007 song Glorious by the Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia, in the first verse and at the end of the song.
Question:
Which famous jazz club is in Frith Street, London?
Answer:
Live At Ronnie Scott's
Passage:
Rhinoceros Facts | KidsKonnect
Rhinoceros Facts | KidsKonnect
Worksheets / Science / Animals /Rhinoceros Facts
Rhinoceros Facts
There are five types of rhinoceros: White, Indian, Javan, Black and Sumatran.  Each of the species have distinct variations that set them apart.  The black and white rhinos live in Africa, the Indian rhino lives in India and the Javan and Sumatran rhinos live in Indonesia. Rhinos have lived on earth for over 50 million years and today, they can have a lifespan of 35 to 40 years. Keep reading for more facts and information on these powerful animals.
The white rhino’s name comes from the Dutch word “weit” which means wide and is talking about their wide, square muzzle.
The white rhino is also actually gray in color.
The black rhino is also gray in color and has a hooked lip. Both the black and the white rhino have two horns on their head. The longer horn sits on top of the nose. The horn is actually made up of thickly matted hair instead of bone.
The average rhino measures about 60 inches at the shoulder and can weigh form 1 to 2 tons. A white rhino can stand 6 feet tall at the shoulder and weigh almost 8 thousand pounds or the same as 50 average-sized men.
For all its bulk, the rhino is very agile and can quickly turn in a small space.
Rhinos can run 40 miles per hour.
Rhinos are odd-toed (three toes) ungulates, which means they are mammals that have hooves. Rhinos are more closely related to horses than hippos.
Black rhinos have a prehensile upper lip (like a set of fingers) that can be used to pull out the smallest piece of vegetation from a thorn bush. Showing their intelligence, they can also use their lip to open gates and even car doors.
The white rhino’s habitat is the grassland and open savanna. The black rhino lives mainly in areas with dense, woody vegetation. All rhinos are herbivores, which means they eats plants and grasses. In fact, white rhinos can eat plants that are toxic to other animals.
If it weren’t for the rhino, the African plains would be overtaken with these pesky, poisonous weeds.
The rhino has a symbiotic relationship (where two animals work together to help each other) with oxpeckers, also called tick birds. This bird eats ticks off the rhino’s body and will squawk loudly when danger is near.
Rhinos live in home ranges that sometimes overlap with each other. Feeding grounds, water holes and wallows (water where rhinos wallow in the mud) may be shared.
The black rhino usually lives by itself, while the white rhino tends to be much more social. Rhinos are also rather ill-tempered and have become more so in areas where they have been constantly disturbed. However, when rhinos spend time with their young and other rhinos, their behavior is more gentle and playful.
While their eyesight is poor, which is probably why they will sometimes charge without apparent reason, their sense of smell and hearing are very good.
Rhinos have an extended “vocabulary” of snorts, grunts, growls, squeaks, and bellows. When attacking, the rhino lowers its head, snorts, breaks into a gallop reaching speeds of 30 miles an hour, and gores or strikes powerful blows with its horns.
The closest rhino relationship is between a female and her calf. They stay together from 2 to 4 years. As the calf matures, it may leave its mother and join other females and their young, where it is tolerated for some time before living completely on its own. The offspring of the white rhino can weigh 150 pounds at birth and the black rhino’s calf can weigh 100 pounds,
The natural predators of the rhino are people. Because the rhino has the predictable behavior of going to its water hole on a daily basis, people can just wait until the rhino shows up and then kill it.
Rhinos have been hunted to near extinction, mostly because of their horns, and are now protected and considered an endangered species. The black rhino is a symbol for conservation in Africa, just as the bald eagle is to us.
Primary Sidebar
Trusted online source since 1999
Secure payments via Stripe or PayPal
Resources created by teaching professionals
Secure servers for online safety
Excellent customer support
Question:
Which animals have types named Black, White and Sumatran?
Answer:
Rhino
Passage:
KINGS OF CAMP. JULIAN CLARY. - AstaBGay
KINGS OF CAMP. JULIAN CLARY.
 
Julian Clary
Born                      on May 25th 1959 in Surbiton, he was raised in nearby                      Teddington, South West London with his two older sisters. A                      strong Catholic education by Benedictine monks made him a                      very religious youngster. He was an altar boy and a choir                      boy and used to enjoy all things to do with his church until                      he became aware of his homosexuality. Church then became                      'awkward' for him and he would then only attend with his                      mother, just to please her.
When Julian was thirteen his tall, glamorous, blonde oldest                      sister, Frances, started out on a career as a Tiller Girl.                      He was fascinated with her work, her flamboyant costumes,                      and the way she used make-up, this probably accounting for                      his own campness in later years, although he had always felt                      an affinity with the effeminate. Once, when he was five, and                      to his father's dismay, he had borrowed a doll's dress and                      put it on his toy tiger.
After studying drama at Goldsmith's College for three years                      and gaining a degree in Drama and English, he left in 1983.                      A variety of jobs, including being a railway guard and doing                      singing telegrams, followed. It was around this time that                      Julian acquired Fanny the wonderdog. At nineteen he had a                      girlfriend for a short time, but she left him and he started                      a relationship with a barman at the Old Vic.
Dragged                      up in a kaftan, with beads and a pink wig, he started on the                      London comedy circuit as "Gillian Pie-Face". It was not a                      success with him being constantly heckled and often booed                      off stage. Losing the drag and dressing in PVC and Rubber he                      re-invented himself as "The Joan Collins Fan Club". Julian                      was happily surviving with this act, doing the rounds with                      just himself, his dog, and his suitcase, when he was                      'discovered' one night by some producers in the audience.                      His debut television appearance was with Channel 4 in "Cabaret at the Jongleurs" in 1988 where he was billed as "The Joan Collins' Fan Club" with Fanny the Wonderdog.
A steady stream of work followed and he became known as                      Julian Clary having been persuaded to drop the reference to                      Joan Collins. In 1993 he compï¿½red the British Comedy Awards                      which was being broadcast live. A sexual joke that he made                      about the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, Norman Lamont,                      although greeted with enthusiastic laughter and applause by                      the celebrity audience attending, resulted in gross                      condemnation of him by the press the following day, some                      even calling for him to be banned from television even                      though only twelve viewers had been offended enough to                      complain out of a viewing audience of more than thirteen million. Julian escaped to tour Australia, not returning                      until 1995.
Julian soon became more popular than ever with the British                      public. Acting roles, comedy series, show hosting,                      advertisements, guest appearances, and pantomime parts, in                      all far too many to mention here have made him a household                      name. Could anyone today see or hear him and not know who he                      was? The modest, vulnerable, but flamboyant, gay, camp,                      loveable, yet often outrageous - Julian Clary.
Question:
Which British celebrity had a pet called Fanny the Wonderdog?
Answer:
Joan Collins Fanclub
Passage:
The Sixties Dance Craze - Looking Back at the 1960s
The Sixties Dance Craze - Looking Back at the 1960s
Looking Back at the 1960s
“Nobody cares if you can't dance well.  Just get up and dance.  ”
―     Dave Barry
The sixties was recognized as a decade of transition from the conservative fifties and also the birth of revolutionary ways to live,
think, and create. Known as the age of the youth, there were approximately 70 million children who were teenagers or young adults during this decade. Determined to not follow the footsteps of their elders, this generation made changes in the areas of education, laws, lifestyle, and entertainment. In the entertainment industry, many changes happened in the world of dance. The sixties was all about learning the newest dance craze and performing them on Dick Clark's American Bandstand. Dancing, was a driving force that brought people together in peace and happiness, and continues to be influential across the world today.
“We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.”
―     Friedrich Nietzsche
The sixties dance craze began with the 'TWIST' introduced by Chubby Checker with the release of his song 'The Twist'. 'The Twist' was Checkers 1960 cover for the B-side of Hank Ballard & The Midnighters' 1959 single 'Teardrops on Your Letter'. The Twist dance was largely inspired by rock and roll music.The
original inspiration came from the African American  plantation dance "wringin' and twistin," which has been traced  back to the 1890s. However, the dances main features, such as the  use of pelvic movement and the shuffling foot movement, can be traced  all the way back to West Africa. Throughout the 20th Century, the African dance  evolved until emerging to a mass audience in the 1960s. The Twist became  the first worldwide dance craze in the early 1960s, enjoying immense  popularity among young people and drawing fire from critics who felt it  was too provocative. The Twist was transformed into many versions, such as the Peppermint Twist, Spanish Twist, and the Florida Twist. Chubby Checker recorded the hit in Italian, French, and German, and created an entirely multilingual album, 'Twisting Round the World'. It also was the inspiration for future dances such as the Cool Jerk, Funky Chicken, and the Mashed Potato.
 Check out this video as Chubby Checker shows the world how to do the Twist while performing the Billboard Chart Topper hit 'The Twist'!!!
YouTube Video
Question:
Who in the early 1960's became known as the King of The Twist?
Answer:
Chubby Checker
Passage:
Muscovite
Muscovite (also known as common mica, isinglass, or potash mica ) is a phyllosilicate mineral of aluminium and potassium with formula KAl2(AlSi3O10)(F,OH)2, or (KF)2(Al2O3)3(SiO2)6(H2O). It has a highly perfect basal cleavage yielding remarkably thin laminæ (sheets) which are often highly elastic. Sheets of muscovite 5 m × 3 m have been found in Nellore, India.  

Muscovite has a Mohs hardness of 2–2.25 parallel to the [001] face, 4 perpendicular to the [001] and a specific gravity of 2.76–3. It can be colorless or tinted through grays, browns, greens, yellows, or (rarely) violet or red, and can be transparent or translucent.  It is anisotropic and has high birefringence.  Its crystal system is monoclinic. The green, chromium-rich variety is called fuchsite; mariposite is also a chromium-rich type of muscovite.

Muscovite is the most common mica, found in granites, pegmatites, gneisses, and schists, and as a contact metamorphic rock or as a secondary mineral resulting from the alteration of topaz, feldspar, kyanite, etc.  In pegmatites, it is often found in immense sheets that are commercially valuable. Muscovite is in demand for the manufacture of fireproofing and insulating materials and to some extent as a lubricant.

The name muscovite comes from Muscovy-glass, a name given to the mineral in Elizabethan England due to its use in medieval Russia as a cheaper alternative to glass in windows. This usage became widely known in England during the sixteenth century with its first mention appearing in letters by George Turberville, the secretary of England's ambassador to the Russian tsar Ivan the Terrible, in 1568.
Question:
Muscovite, used in electrical capacitors, is a processed form of what geological mineral?
Answer:
Micaceous
Passage:
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones
"Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones" is a proverb used in several countries, including England, Portugal, Spain and Germany. It means that one should not criticize others for having the same fault as themselves.
Question:
According to the proverb ‘People in glass houses shouldn’t do what’?
Answer:
Throw stones
Passage:
ZSC Lions
The Zürcher Schlittschuh Club Lions (ZSC Lions) are a professional ice hockey team located in Zürich, Switzerland, playing in the National League A. The home arena, the 11,200 seat Hallenstadion, is in the Zürich district of Oerlikon. The team was founded in 1930 and played at the Dolder-Kunsteisbahn from its establishment until 1950. 

The ZSC Lions finished the 2015/16 season as the second most attended team in the league, averaging 9,818 spectators.  

History

Locally nicknamed "Z", the team was formed in 1997 as a result of the merger of the two local teams: the highly popular Zürcher Schlittschuh Club (German for "Zürich Skating Club"), who were struggling financially in National League A, and the ice hockey section of Grasshopper Club Zürich who had failed to qualify for promotion from National League B for several years in a row and had a small fan base, but were backed by entrepreneur and millionaire Werner H. Spross.

ZSC was the first Swiss team to play in an indoor arena (Hallenstadion). They won the Swiss championship in the years 1936, 1949 and 1961 and the prestigious Spengler Cup in 1944 and 1945. After the merger, the ZSC Lions won the Swiss Championship in 2000, 2001, 2008, 2012 and 2014, and moreover won the IIHF Continental Cup in 2001 and 2002.

Champions Hockey League and Victoria Cup

During the 2008-09 Season, the ZSC Lions participated in the first ever Champions Hockey League. For the group stage, they  were placed in group D with HC Slavia Praha and Linköpings HC. The Lions qualified for the semi-finals with a 3-1 record, first place in the group. With their defeats of the Finnish Espoo Blues, 6-3 and 4-1 respectively, they qualified for the tournament final. The first leg of the final was held on January 21, 2009 in the Magnitogorsk Arena where the Lions came back from a 0-2 deficit to Metallurg Magnitogorsk to end with a 2-2 tie.  The second leg was played a week later, on January 28, 2009, in the Diners Club Arena in Rapperswil-Jona, Switzerland. ZSC Lions won the game and the Silver Stone Trophy with a 5-0 victory.

With their victory in the Champions Hockey League, the ZSC Lions qualified to play the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League for the 2009 edition of the Victoria Cup challenge. Playing at their home arena, the Lions shocked the Blackhawks with a 2-1 victory, winning the trophy.  It was the first time since 1991 that the Blackhawks had lost to a club in Europe.

Honors

Champions

*NLA Championship (8): 1936, 1949, 1961, 2000, 2001, 2008, 2012, 2014
*NLB Championship (4): 1973, 1981, 1983, 1989
*Victoria Cup (1): 2009
*Champions Hockey League/Silver Stone Trophy (1): 2009
*IIHF Continental Cup (2): 2001, 2002
*Swiss Cup (3): 1960, 1961, 2016
*Spengler Cup (3): 1944, 1945, 1952

Players

Current roster
Question:
Zurich SC Lions have been European Champions in which sport?
Answer:
Hockey (ice)
Passage:
Prospero
Prospero ( ) is a fictional character and the protagonist of William Shakespeare's play The Tempest.

The Tempest 

Prospero is the rightful Duke of Milan, whose usurping brother, Antonio, had put him (with his then three-year old daughter, Miranda) to sea on "a rotten carcass of a butt [boat]" to die, 12 years before the play begins. Prospero and Miranda survived and found exile on a small island. He has learned sorcery from books, and uses it while on the island to protect Miranda and control the other characters. Before the play has begun, Prospero frees Ariel from entrapment within "a cloven pine", about which Prospero states: 

Prospero's sorcery is sufficiently powerful to control Ariel and other spirits, as well as to alter weather and even raise the dead: "Graves at my command have waked their sleepers, oped, and let 'em forth, by my so potent Art."- Act V, scene 1.

On the island, Prospero becomes master of the monster Caliban (the son of Sycorax, a malevolent witch) and forces Caliban into submission by punishing him with magic if he does not obey. Ariel is beholden to Prospero after he is freed from his imprisonment inside the pine tree.

At the end of the play, Prospero intends to drown his book and renounce magic. In the view of the audience, this may have been required to make the ending unambiguously happy, as magic was associated with diabolical works; he will drown his books for the same reason that Doctor Faust, in an earlier play by Christopher Marlowe, promised in vain to burn his books.

Prospero's speech 

The final soliloquy and epilogue in The Tempest is considered to be one of the most memorable speeches in Shakespearean literature.

           Now my charms are all o'erthrown,
           And what strength I have's mine own,
           Which is most faint: now, 'tis true,
           I must be here confined by you,
           Or sent to Naples. Let me not,
           Since I have my dukedom got
           And pardon'd the deceiver, dwell
           In this bare island by your spell;
           But release me from my bands
           With the help of your good hands:            
           Gentle breath of yours my sails
           Must fill, or else my project fails,
           Which was to please. Now I want
           Spirits to enforce, art to enchant,
           And my ending is despair,
           Unless I be relieved by prayer,
           Which pierces so that it assaults
           Mercy itself and frees all faults.
           As you from crimes would pardon'd be,
           Let your indulgence set me free.

In it, Prospero states his loss (magic) and his continuing imprisonment if the audience is not pleased. Many feel that since The Tempest was the last play that Shakespeare wrote alone, Prospero's feelings echo Shakespeare's own, or perhaps may even have been his "retirement speech".

Portrayal 

* Sir Michael Redgrave played Prospero in a BBC Play of the Month production in 1968.
* Heathcote Williams played Prospero in Derek Jarman's 1979 film version of The Tempest.
* Sir Michael Hordern played Prospero in a 1980 production for BBC television.
* A Stratford Shakespeare Festival production was videotaped and broadcast on television in 1983, starring Len Cariou as Prospero.
* Paul Mazursky's film, Tempest (1983), features a Prospero-esque character portrayed by John Cassavetes who is an exile of his own cynical discontent, ego and self-betrayal and who abandons America for a utopian "kingdom" on a secluded Greek isle.
* In Peter Greenaway's film Prospero's Books (1991), Prospero is played by John Gielgud.
* In Julie Taymor's 2010 film adaptation of the play, Prospero is played by Helen Mirren and is now named Prospera.
* BBC Radio 3 broadcast a production of The Tempest (7 October 2001) adapted for radio and directed by David Hunter, starring Philip Madoc as Prospero, Nina Wadia as Ariel, Josh Richards as Caliban, Catrin Rhys as Miranda, Andrew Cryer as Ferdinand, Rudolph Walker as Gonzalo, James Laurenson as Alonso, Christian Rodska as Sebastian, and Ioan Meredith as Antonio.
* David Warner played Prospero in the BBC Radio 3 Drama on 3 production of The Tempest, broadcast (on 6 May 2012) as part of the Shakespeare Unlocked series on the BBC. The production included Carl Prekopp as Ariel, Rose Leslie as Miranda, James Garnon as Caliban, James Lailey as Antonio and Peter Hamilton Dyer as Sebastian, and was adapted for radio and directed by Jeremy Mortimer.
*In 2015, Richard Cox plays a rendition of Prospero for the TNT series The Librarians.

In popular culture 

* In the comic book series The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen by Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill, Prospero appears as a founding member of the first such grouping in 1610, alongside his familiars Caliban and Ariel.
* Paul Prospero, the protagonist of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter (2014), is named after Prospero. 
* In John Bellairs's novel The Face in the Frost (1969), Prospero is one of the protagonists.
* T. S. Eliot's poem "The Waste Land" references Prospero.
* In the The Horus Heresy series, several books take place on a planet called Prospero. The citizens of the planet are versed in sorcery and psychic powers, earning them the suspicion and ire of the rest of the Imperium of Man. 
* Melon Cauliflower, by NZ playwright Tom McCrory, is about a man Prospero, in his late sixties, who struggles to come to terms with the death of his wife and has mistreated his daughter Miranda. 
* The Masque of the Red Death, by Edgar Allen Poe is set at the manor of a Prince Prospero
Question:
What is the name of the spirit who serves Prospero in Shakespeare’s ‘The Tempest’?
Answer:
Ariel (character)
Passage:
The Pieta by Michelangelo - Statue.com
The Pieta by Michelangelo
The Pieta by Michelangelo
Shop our Religious Pieta Gallery.
The                                    Pieta, which depicts the Virgin Mary holding the                                    body of her son Jesus Christ after his death, has                                    been created in many different forms by various                                    painters and sculptors. Of all the great paintings                                    and sculptures on the Pieta, however, the one by                                    Michelangelo stands out from all the rest.
Prior to sculpting the Pieta, Michelangelo was                                    relatively unknown to the world as an artist.                                    He was only in his early twenties when he was                                    commissioned in 1498 to do a life-size sculpture                                    of the Virgin Mary holding her son in her arms.                                    It would be the first of four that he would create                                    and the only one he completely finished. It was                                    to be unveiled in St. Peter's Basilica for the                                    Jubilee of 1500.
In less than two years Michelangelo carved from                                    a single slab of marble, one of the most magnificent                                    sculptures ever created. His interpretation of                                    the Pieta was far different than ones previously                                    created by other artists. Michelangelo decided                                    to create a youthful, serene and celestial Virgin                                    Mary instead of a broken hearted and somewhat                                    older woman.
When it was unveiled a proud Michelangelo stood                                    by and watched as people admired the beautiful                                    Pieta. However, what was pride quickly turned                                    into anger as he overheard a group of people attributing                                    the work to other artists of his time. That anger                                    caused Michelangelo to add one last thing to his sculpture. Going down the sash on the Virgin Mary,                                    Michelangelo carved his name. He later regretted                                    that his emotions got the best of him and vowed                                    to never sign another one of his works again.
We hope that you will enjoy our selection of                                    The Pieta by Michelangelo. We have a variety of                                    sizes from which to choose. All of them are imported                                    from Italy and made with exacting standards from                                    bonded carrara marble.
Question:
What name is given to a depiction of Mary holding the dead body of Christ?
Answer:
Pièta
Passage:
Tragus (ear)
The tragus is a small pointed eminence of the external ear, situated in front of the concha, and projecting backward over the meatus. It also is the name of hair growing at the entrance of the ear.  Its name comes from the Greek: tragos, goat, and is descriptive of its general covering on its under surface with a tuft of hair, resembling a goat's beard. The nearby antitragus projects forwards and upwards. 

Because the tragus faces rearwards, it aids in collecting sounds from behind.  These sounds are delayed more than sounds arriving from the front, assisting the brain to sense front vs. rear sound sources. 

In a positive fistula test (for the presence of a fistula from cholesteatoma to the labyrinth), pressure on the tragus causes vertigo or eye deviation by inducing movement of perilymph. 

Additional images

File:Gray908.png|Horizontal section through left ear; upper half of section.
File:Slide2COR.JPG|External ear. Right auricle.Lateral view.
File:Slide4COR.JPG|External ear. Right auricle.Lateral view.
Question:
The tragus is found in which part of the human body?
Answer:
👂
Passage:
PaddyPower Review: pros and cons - Bookmaker Ratings
PaddyPower (paddypower.com) bookmaker review: rules, support, sign up
Workability 0/10
Contents
Company Review
Company Review
PaddyPower was founded in 1988 in Ireland following the merger of 40 betting shops owned between three bookmakers, Stewart Kenny, David Power, and John Corcoran. The general director of this public owned company is Andy McCue. PaddyPower has offices located in Ireland, the United Kingdom and Italy. The bookmaker is also represented in Australia.
PaddyPower’s online arm is regulated by a license from the Isle of Man, while it has a license for gaming in the United Kingdom and in Australia, a license which is provided by the government of the Northern Territory. PaddyPower also accept bets on the Italian market and are allowed to do under a local license. Not only does the company have a large online presence, they also have a wide network of betting shops with more than 350 in the UK and Ireland. The website can be found at www.paddypower.co.uk/bet and www.paddypower.it.
The online operation focuses on the British market and it’s main website is available in English, although users in Italy can of course view the site in Italian. PaddyPower allows the use of both pounds and euros, as well as affording clients all the regular methods of topping up their accounts, which makes the depositing and withdrawing of funds both easy and convenient.
PaddyPower often have a variety offers and bonuses for both new players and existing customers to enjoy. First time users who bet £10, will be able to claim three free £10 bets..
If you have a grievance with the Paddy Power betting firm, The Bookmaker Ratings will act as an intermediary and aim to resolve any issues.
Video review
hush! shooting is in progress!
We are shooting this video right now, soon it will be here.
Website languages
Question:
Which bookmaker was founded in 1988 by the merger of 40 shops of three Irish bookmakers ?
Answer:
Paddy Power
Passage:
Billy Don't Be a Hero
"Billy Don't Be a Hero" is a 1974 pop song that was first a hit in the UK for Paper Lace and then some months later it was a hit in the US for Bo Donaldson and The Heywoods. The song was written by two British songwriters Mitch Murray and Peter Callander.

Because the song was released in 1974, it was associated by some listeners with the Vietnam War, though it actually refers to an unidentified war.  But the drum pattern, references to a marching band leading soldiers in blue, and "riding out" (cavalry) would seem to be referencing the American Civil War.

A young woman is distraught that her fiancé chooses to leave the area with Army recruiters passing through the town and go with them to fight. She laments,

The song goes on to describe how Billy is killed in action in a pitched battle after volunteering to ride out and seek reinforcements (which suggests mounted infantry and a lack of modern two-way radio communications). In the end, the woman throws away the official letter notifying her of Billy's "heroic" death.

Chart performances

Paper Lace's version of "Billy Don't Be a Hero" hit number one in the UK Singles Chart on 16 March 1974,  and thereafter Bo Donaldson & The Heywoods version hit number one in the U.S. on the Billboard Hot 100 on 15 June 1974, and number one in Canada on 7 July. The US version sold over three and a half million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the R.I.A.A. in June 1974.  The Bo Donaldson version was a massive hit in North America but is largely unknown elsewhere. Billboard ranked it as the No. 21 song for 1974. 

Quoted in other media

The song is mentioned as having played on K-Billy's Super Sounds of the 70s Weekend in the film Reservoir Dogs.

The song features in the film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1993).

Mystery Science Theater 3000 often riffs on movies by saying "Billy, don't be a hero!", including the episode "The Creeping Terror".

In the first episode of Friends, Ross is sad because it has been so long since he last picked up a woman, saying "Do the words 'Billy, Don't Be a Hero' mean anything to you?"

Massive Attack's 1991 track "Blue Lines" (from the album of the same name) features the lyrics "take a walk, Billy, don't be a hero".

In Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story, the song is briefly heard during a montage in a disco cover by Dewey Cox (John C. Reilly) performing on rollerblades during "The Dewey Cox Show". A much longer cut of this scene can be seen in the director's cut, and the whole performance was included in the extras for the 2-Disc editions.

In the Powerpuff Girls, the leader of the Gang Green Gang, Ace, says to another member, Billy, "Billy, don't be a hero!" when he decides to save the Powerpuff Girls from a subway train.

In The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, the episode "K'nuckles, Don't Be a Hero" is named after the song.

In The Justice Friends (Cartoon Network, 1996), Major Glory says "Billy, don't be a hero!" to William, Valhallen's pet goat, when it jumps to save Krunk from the attack of Valhallen's living clothes.

In an episode of ALF, Alf uses the line "Willie, don't be a hero, don't be a fool with your life," referring to the head of the household, Wille Tanner, after Willie comes up with a bad idea.

The Doug Anthony Allstars performed a comedic cover of this song, featuring the altered line, "Where did Billy's head go?" in place of "Keep your pretty head low".

Dav Pilkey named the hero of The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby Billy solely to make possible a passing homage to Billy Don't Be a Hero.
Question:
Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Billy, Don't Be A Hero?
Answer:
Bo donaldson and the heywoods
Passage:
Drambuie Cocktails - Drambuie Cocktail Recipes
Drambuie Cocktails - Drambuie Cocktail Recipes
Drambuie Cocktails
0 Comments
Drambuie is a Scotch liqueur with a unique combination of aged Scotch whiskies, heather honey, herbs and spices.  It makes for a tasty addition to cocktails—it’s also pretty solid on it’s own—and the fine folks at Drambuie have provided a few cocktail recipes below:
The Rusty Nail
1 1/2 oz. Scotch whisky
1/2 oz. Drambuie
1 twist lemon peel
Pour the Scotch and Drambuie over ice in an old-fashioned glass. Stir well, and garnish with a lemon twist.
The Rusty Nail is a classic, and it’s a fairly benign start for the first-timer’s foray into Scotch cocktails. The sweet Drambuie tempers some of the bite of its counterpart.
The Forty-Five
½ part bourbon
dash of vanilla extract
Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker, add ice and stir until cold. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, and garnish with dried cherry macerated in Maraschino liqueur.
This cocktail was actually quite good, though I preferred mine with a dash of aromatic bitters and no vanilla. Bourbon gives a hint of vanilla on its own, so I thought the concentrated vanilla extract was as bit too much for this drink.
The Highland Fizz
¾ part Bacardi Gold Rum
dash of fresh lime juice
dash of Angostura bitters
1½ parts ginger beer
Combine all ingredients in a tall glass and stir. Garnish with a wedge of fresh lime.
I used Don Q Gold Rum in place of Bacardi. Not bad. I’ll probably make this cocktail again with a more flavorful rum, like Barbancourt or Appleton V/X.
The Chevalier
¾ part Grey Goose Le Citron Vodka
¼ part dry vermouth
dash of fresh lemon juice
¼ part of simple syrup
dash of lemon bitters (optional)
Shake all ingredients with ice, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon twist.
There’s too much going on in this drink, and I’m not sure Drambuie and flavored vodka should ever go together. Not terrible, but not for me.
Share:
Question:
Scotch, Drambuie, ice and a lemon twist are the traditional ingredients of which cocktail?
Answer:
Rusty Nail (disambiguation)
Passage:
Leona Lewis Pictures, News, Gossip & Rumours - AskMen
Leona Lewis Pictures, News, Gossip & Rumours - AskMen
AskMen
Messages You have no messages
Notifications You have no notifications
Leona Lewis
Leona Lewis
Leona Lewis made a substantial impact on British culture when she became the first woman to win on The X Factor, Simon Cowell ’s UK version of American Idol. Lewis’ debut single “A Moment Like This” broke records when it was downloaded 50,000 times in 30 minutes. Lewis released her autobiography Dreams in October of 2009, and has plans to release her sophomore album Echo in November of this year. And what about the punching incident? We'll get to that a bit later.
Appeal
Leona Lewis has the type of exotic stunning beauty we just can't look away from. Forget pale skin and bad teeth; this Brit babe is armed with olive skin, aquamarine eyes, oh-so pouty lips, and a killer body. Leona Lewis doesn't even need to unleash her sultry voice to make any man weak in the knees. But, once she does sing her gentle vocals make her that much more attractive -- if that's even possible.
Success
Even though Leona Lewis is new to the music scene, her success is eminent. With her seductive vocals and gorgeous looks, it was a given the Leona Lewis would make it as a singer . Her debut album, Spirit, proved that she has what it takes to make it as a solo artist. 
Leona Lewis Biography
Leona Lewis’ success as a singer hardly came as a surprise to those who know her, as she has been pursuing a career in music for most of her life. Leona Lewis wrote her first song when she was 12 and won in an under-18 competition the following year. She subsequently attended two highly regarded stage schools, the Sylvia Young Theatre School and the BRIT School.
leona lewis on x factor
Leona Lewis’ increased confidence -- coupled with the encouragement of family and friends -- led her to audition for The X Factor. The British program essentially follows the same formula as American Idol: Participants perform in front of three judges ( Simon Cowell , Sharon Osbourne and Louise Walsh) until a winner is chosen.
Leona Lewis was considered an early favorite by fans and pundits alike, and she consistently knocked the judges out with her stirring renditions of popular songs like “I Will Always Love You” and “Over the Rainbow.” On December 16, 2006, Leona Lewis, with approximately 60% of the votes, was crowned the third-season winner of The X Factor.
leona lewis releases spirit
A few days after her victory, Leona’s first single -- a cover of Kelly Clarkson ’s “A Moment Like This” -- was released to stores and online music shops, and it shot straight to No. 1. In early 2007, at about the same time her single was short-listed for an honor at the 2007 Brit Awards, Leona Lewis relocated to Los Angeles to begin work on her highly anticipated debut album, Spirit, which was released in March 2007 in the UK.
leona lewis is named no. 68 in top 99 of 2008
In 2008, Leona Lewis was nominated for an outstanding four BRIT Awards, and she was voted in at No. 68 in AskMen.com's Top 99 Most Desirable Women list. Her album Spirit was released in the U.S. as well.
Her hit single, "Bleeding Love," also hit No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in March 2008.
leona lewis is named no. 88 in top 99 of 2009
After releasing her video for the hit track "I Will Be," which featured Gossip Girl star Chace Crawford and announcing plans for a 2009 album, Leona Lewis was voted to No. 88 on AskMen.com's Top 99 Most Desirable Women of 2009 .
leona lewis gets punched in a bookstore
Leona Lewis might be known for singing hit songs, but it was a hit from one of her fans that made the news in October of 2009. While Lewis busy signing copies of her autobiography Dreams at a London bookstore, a man who actually waited in line to have Lewis sign a copy of the book then punched the pop star in the head. According to an eyewitness, the man "walked up there with the book, she signed it and, as she looked up, he just punched her." We know people with anger management issues, but this dude has problems that are much bigger than that. We're not even going to judge him for buying a copy Dreams either.
Leona Lewis next album Echo comes out this November, so hopefully she can pull a Taylor Swift and use this embarrassing moment in stardom to her advantage.
Question:
Which British singer released a 2009 album entitled ‘Echo’?
Answer:
Leona lewis
Passage:
Was the name Wendy invented for the book Peter Pan
The Straight Dope: Was the name Wendy invented for the book "Peter Pan"?
A Staff Report from the Straight Dope Science Advisory Board
Was the name Wendy invented for the book "Peter Pan"?
December 17, 2002
Dear Straight Dope:
Here's a rumor (and by rumor I mean one of those E-mail-lore things): The name Wendy was made-up for the book Peter Pan. As I have a friend so named, is this true?
— Craig Cormier
One simple click here shows us that the name Wendy was invented in 1973 for the "Superfriends" cartoon on ABC, the name Marvin having been previously invented by Mel Blanc in the 50s for a series of Bugs Bunny cartoons. Next question?
All kidding aside, J. M. Barrie did not invent the name Wendy for his 1904 play Peter Pan, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up (the book form of the story, Peter and Wendy, was published in 1911). He did popularize it, though. Barrie apparently was inspired to use the name by a young friend named Margaret Henley, the daughter of writer William Henley. Margaret, who died around 1895 at age 6, called Barrie her "friendy." Since she couldn't pronounce her Rs at the time, the word came out "fwendy," or "fwendy-wendy," in some versions of the story.  
But we have absolute proof that there were earlier Wendys, thanks to the just-released 1880 U.S. Census and the 1881 British Census (available here ). These documents show that the name Wendy, while not common, was indeed used in both the U.S. and Great Britain throughout the 1800s. I had no trouble finding twenty females with the first name Wendy in the United States, the earliest being Wendy Gram of Ohio (born in 1828). If you include such spelling variations as Windy, Wendi, Wenda, and Wandy the number triples.
As to the origins of said name, websites here and here make the claim that Wendy is a derivative of the name Gwendolen or maybe Gwendolyn. Looking further, I chanced upon World Wide Wendy , a site dedicated to, well, all things Wendy. On this site, Doctor of Folklore Leslie Ellen Jones discusses the possible Welsh origins of the name Gwendolyn and its derivative Wendy. In both the English and U.S. Census, however, the name Wendy is also used as a male first name, so I suspect further research may be required.
Of course, if you go back a few centuries and head east a mite, we have the Chinese emperor Wendi of the Sui dynasty (541-604), and before that the Great Emperor Wendi of the Han dynasty (179 BC-157 BC). But that's stretching it a bit far, don'tcha think?
Further reference:
Question:
The name Wendy was first made up in which famous book?
Answer:
Peter Pan (literary character)
Passage:
Laban (Bible)
Laban () is the son of Bethuel and the brother of Rebecca as described in the Book of Genesis. As such he is brother-in-law to Isaac and both father-in-law and uncle to Jacob. Laban and his family were described as dwelling in Paddan Aram, in Mesopotamia. Though the biblical text itself does not attest to this, Rabbinic sources also identify him as the father of Bilhah and Zilpah, the two concubines with whom Jacob also has children (Midrash Raba, Gen 24)

Narrative

Laban first appears in the Hebrew Bible in  as the grown spokesman for his father Bethuel's house; he was impressed by the gold jewelry given to his sister on behalf of Isaac, and played a key part in arranging their marriage. Twenty years later, Laban's nephew Jacob was born to Isaac and Rebekah.

When grown, Jacob comes to work for Laban. The Biblical narrative provides a framework for dating these events: Jacob begat Joseph 14 years after his flight to Laban; Joseph entered Pharaoh's service at age 30; and from that point, after seven years of plenty and two years of famine, Jacob met Pharaoh and stated his age as 130. Subtracting yields an age of 77 (Jacob at his flight to Laban). Laban was more than 30 years older than Jacob, and employed him for 20 years.

Laban promised his younger daughter Rachel to Jacob in return for seven years' service, only to trick him into marrying his elder daughter Leah instead. Jacob then served another seven years in exchange for the right to marry his choice, Rachel, as well (). Laban's flocks and fortunes increased under Jacob's skilled care, but there was much further trickery between them. Six years after his promised service has ended, Jacob, having prospered largely by proving more cunning than his father-in-law, finally left. Laban pursued him, but they eventually parted on good terms (). 

Laban can be seen as symbolizing those whose concern for the welfare of their immediate family, nominally a virtue, is taken to the point where it has lasting negative ramifications. Laban's urge to ensure his older daughter not be left unmarried can be interpreted as leading to the Exile in Egypt; his anxiety over seeing his son-in-law throw away his family's comfortable position in Aram in search of a risky new beginning back in Canaan leads him to oppose the return of the Children of Israel to the Promised Land.  His name can also be seen as symbolic in this matter: it means "white", the visual representation of purity, without visible stain, symbolizing those without apparent evil motives whose actions nevertheless result in undesirable outcomes.

Laban and Passover

Laban is referenced significantly in the Passover Haggadah, in the context of the answer to the traditional child's question, "Why is this night different from all other nights?" The prescribed answer begins with a quote from : "arami oved avi": normally translated as "a wandering Aramean was my father", alluding either to Abram or Jacob, but here interpreted unusually as "ibad arami et-avi", "an Aramean destroyed my father", as made clear by the rabbinical exegesis read in the Seder:
Come and learn what Laban the Aramean sought to do our father Jacob. For Pharaoh issued his edict against only the males, but Laban sought to uproot all, as it is said, 'An Aramean would have destroyed my father, and he went down to Egypt and he became there a nation, great, mighty and populous.'

There may also be a play on words here, using arami in two senses – as both arami, "an Aramean", and rama′i, "a deceiver", since Laban cheated Jacob (Genesis Rabbah 70:19). In this interpretation, arami personifies the Israelite peoplesꞌs bitter enemy. 

The question of what the connection is between the apparently disjoint tales of Laban and Pharaoh is interpreted in several ways by rabbinical authorities.

Rabbi Azriel Hildesheimer explains in his Hukkat HaPesach that Laban was, in fact, the primum mobile of the entire Exile and Exodus saga. Rachel was Jacob's divinely intended wife and could hypothetically have given birth to Joseph as Jacob's firstborn with rights of primogeniture. In this counterfactual, Jacob's favoring Joseph's succession as the leader of the fledging nation of Israel would have been seen as perfectly normal and fitting, given the customs of the time. No older brothers would have felt cheated and jealous, and Joseph would not have been sold into slavery. Thus, there would have been no need for Jacob's family to be sent to Egypt to unite with Joseph.

In actuality, Laban married Jacob to Leah first, causing Leah's sons to precede Joseph in birth order, so that they felt justifiably outraged when their father seemed to violate societal norms by treating his youngest son as his heir, in preference to his older sons' natural and legal rights. In this way, Laban can be seen as "seeking to uproot all", by attempting to sever the family tree of the Patriarchs between Jacob and Joseph before the Children of Israel could become more than a single small family.

Devora Steinmetz, Assistant Professor of Talmud at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, says that the story of Jacob and Laban also resonates with the covenant with Abraham, more frequently interpreted as applying to the Exodus: "your seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them and they shall afflict them ... Afterward they shall come out with great wealth" (Genesis 15:13–16). Jacob lived in the strange land of Aram, served Laban, and was afflicted by him; then he left with great wealth and returned to the Promised Land. The story thus serves to reinforce one of the central messages of the Passover Haggadah; that the Old Testament cycle of exile, persecution and return recurs again and again, and links the observant Jew in the Diaspora to the Land of Israel.

Family tree
Question:
In the Bible, who was the elder daughter of Laban who became the first wife of Jacob and the mother of Dinah?
Answer:
La'ya
Passage:
Photographer
A photographer (the Greek φῶς (phos), meaning "light", and γραφή (graphê), meaning "drawing, writing", together meaning "drawing with light")  is a person who makes photographs.

Duties and functions 

As in other arts, the definitions of amateur and professional are not entirely categorical.  A professional photographer is likely to take photographs to make money, by salary or through the display, sale or use of those photographs.  An amateur photographer may take photographs for pleasure and to record an event, emotion, place, as a person without a monetary motivation.

A professional photographer may be an employee, for example of a newspaper, or may contract to cover a particular planned event such as a wedding or graduation, or to illustrate an advertisement.  Others, including paparazzi and fine art photographers, are freelancers, first making a picture and then offering it for sale or display.  Some workers, such as crime scene detectives, estate agents, journalists and scientists, make photographs as part of other work.  Photographers who produce moving rather than still pictures are often called cinematographers, videographers or camera operators, depending  on the commercial context.

An amateur may make considerable sums entering work in contests for prize money or through occasional inclusion of their work in magazines or the archive of an agency.  The term professional may also imply preparation, for example, by academic study, by the photographer in pursuit of photographic skills. There is no compulsory registration requirement for professional photographer status, so ambivalent or overlapping concepts apply here as they do in other areas of unregulated artistic activity, such as painting or writing.

Photographers are also categorized based on the subjects they photograph. Some photographers explore subjects typical of paintings such as landscape, still life, and portraiture. Other photographers specialize in subjects unique to photography, including street photography, documentary photography, fashion photography, wedding photography, war photography, photojournalism, aviation photography and commercial photography.

Image gallery

Beckenbauer Pressefotografen2.jpg|A group photographing retired footballer Franz Beckenbauer.
Urmas Tartes 2.jpg|Nature photographer Urmas Tartes working on an outdoor environment.
Douglas Osheroff photographing along CA-1 May 2011 003.jpg|A photographer (Douglas Osheroff) setting up a shot with the aid of a tripod.
Photographing a model.jpg|Photographing a model. An assistant is holding a reflector.

Selling photographs 

The exclusive right of photographers to copy and use their products is protected by copyright. Countless industries purchase photographs for use in publications and on products. The photographs seen on magazine covers, in television advertising, on greeting cards or calendars, on websites, or on products and packages, have generally been purchased for this use, either directly from the photographer or through an agency that represents the photographer. A photographer uses a contract to sell the "license" or use of his or her photograph with exact controls regarding how often the photograph will be used, in what territory it will be used (for example U.S. or U.K. or other), and exactly for which products. This is usually referred to as usage fee and is used to distinguish from production fees (payment for the actual creation of a photograph or photographs). An additional contract and royalty would apply for each additional use of the photograph.

The contract may be for only one year, or other duration.  The photographer usually charges a royalty as well as a one-time fee, depending on the terms of the contract. The contract may be for non-exclusive use of the photograph (meaning the photographer can sell the same photograph for more than one use during the same year) or for exclusive use of the photograph (i.e. only that company may use the photograph during the term). The contract can also stipulate that the photographer is entitled to audit the company for determination of royalty payments. Royalties vary depending on the industry buying the photograph and the use, for example, royalties for a photograph used on a poster or in television advertising may be higher than for use on a limited run of brochures.  A royalty is also often based on the size at which the photo will be used in a magazine or book, and cover photos usually command higher fees than photos used elsewhere in a book or magazine.

Photos taken by a photographer while working on assignment are often work for hire belonging to the company or publication unless stipulated otherwise by contract. Professional portrait and wedding photographers often stipulate by contract that they retain the copyright of their photos, so that only they can sell further prints of the photographs to the consumer, rather than the customer reproducing the photos by other means. If the customer wishes to be able to reproduce the photos themselves, they may discuss an alternative contract with the photographer in advance before the pictures are taken, in which a larger up front fee may be paid in exchange for reprint rights passing to the customer.

There are major companies who have maintained catalogues of stock photography and images for decades, such as Getty Images and others. Since the turn of the 21st century many online stock photography catalogues have appeared that invite photographers to sell their photos online easily and quickly, but often for very little money, without a royalty, and without control over the use of the photo, the market it will be used in, the products it will be used on, time duration, etc.

Commercial photographers may also promote their work to advertising and editorial art buyers via printed and online marketing vehicles.

Photo sharing

Many people upload their photographs to social networking websites and other websites, in order to share them with a particular group or with the general public. Those interested in legal precision may explicitly release them to the public domain or under a free content license. Some sites, including Wikimedia Commons, are punctilious about licenses and only accept pictures with clear information about permitted use.
Question:
Photographer Ansel Adams was famous for his photographs of what?
Answer:
Landscapes
Passage:
BBC News - Libby Lane: First female Church of England ...
Libby Lane: First female Church of England bishop installed - BBC News
BBC News
Libby Lane: First female Church of England bishop installed
8 March 2015
Image caption Hundreds of people attended the service at Chester Cathedral
The first female bishop in the Church of England has been installed at Chester Cathedral.
The Rt Rev Libby Lane, 48, preached her first sermon in a service attended by hundreds of people.
She was consecrated as the eighth Bishop of Stockport at York Minster in January.
In November, the Church of England formally adopted legislation to allow the appointment of women bishops after decades of debate.
During the service, she was presented with her pastoral staff and welcomed by the civic and faith communities from across the Diocese of Chester.
The service marked the formal start of her ministry in her diocese.
The Very Rev Prof Gordon McPhate, the Dean of Chester described it as a "new chapter" for the Church of England.
Who is the Right Reverend Libby Lane?
Image copyright Reuters
Question:
who, in January 2015, was installed as the new Bishop of Stockport, and the first female bishop in the Church of England?
Answer:
(Rt) Rev Libby Lane
Passage:
West Mercia Police
West Mercia Police, formerly known as West Mercia Constabulary, is the territorial police force responsible for policing the counties of Herefordshire, Shropshire (including Telford and Wrekin) and Worcestershire in England. The force area covers 2868 sqmi making it the fourth largest police area in England and Wales. The resident population of the area is 1.19 million.

The force is divided into five divisions and represent a very wide spread of policing environments from densely populated urban conurbations on the edge of Birmingham as well as Telford, Shrewsbury, and Worcester, to sparsely populated rural areas found in the rest of the force area.

As of June 2014, the force employs 2367 police officers, 283 police community support officers, 1779 police staff and 224 members of the special constabulary. West Mercia is Home Office force 22 and call sign YK.

The force has its headquarters in the historical manor house and grounds of Hindlip Hall on the outskirts of the city  of Worcester. Its badge combines the heraldry of Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire.

The force was formed on 1 October 1967, by the merger of the Worcestershire Constabulary, Herefordshire Constabulary, Shropshire Constabulary and Worcester City Police.  It lost territory to West Midlands Police when that was constituted on 1 April 1974. It changed its name from "West Mercia Constabulary" to "West Mercia Police" on 5 May 2009. 

West Mercia is a partner, alongside two other forces, in the Central Motorway Police Group. In 2013 an alliance was formed with Warwickshire Police.

Paul West, QPM, who retired as chief constable on 31 July 2011 is the longest serving chief constable in the force's history. He was succeeded by his deputy chief constable, David Shaw, who took up the senior post on 1 August 2011. 

Force area divisions

The force is organised into five territorial policing units (TPUs) which are alphabetically coded geographically from south to north (C D E F & G). Operating across three counties, West Mercia Police maintains many stations, with each TPU having an HQ Police station. The TPUs are further divided into Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs); there are 82 SNTs across the force.

Listed below are the TPUs and police stations maintained by the force:

C - South Worcestershire

Covering Worcester, Malvern, Droitwich, Pershore and Evesham
*Worcester (TPU HQ / Custody)
*Pershore
*Malvern
*Evesham
*Broadway
*Droitwich
*Tenbury Wells
*Upton-on-Severn
West Mercia Police also owns Defford, formerly RAF Defford

D - North Worcestershire

Covering Kidderminster, Bromsgrove and Redditch
*Kidderminster (TPU HQ / Custody)
*Stourport
*Bewdley
*Hagley
*Wythall
*Rubery
*Bromsgrove
*Redditch

E - Herefordshire

*Hereford (TPU HQ / Custody)
*South Hereford
*Leominster 
*Bromyard
*Ledbury
*Peterchurch
*Ross-on-Wye
*Kington

F - Shropshire

(excluding Telford & Wrekin)

*Shrewsbury (Monkmoor) (TPU HQ / Custody)
*Shrewsbury (Town Centre)
*Bishops Castle
*Bridgnorth
*Church Stretton
*Ludlow
*Market Drayton
*Oswestry
*Pontesbury
*Wem
*Whitchurch
*Albrighton
*Cleobury Mortimer
*Ellesmere
*Highley
*Much Wenlock
*Shifnal

G - Telford & Wrekin

*Telford (Malinsgate) (TPU HQ / Custody)
*Wellington, Shropshire
*Donnington
*Madeley

Volunteer police cadets scheme

A volunteer cadet scheme had existed in the Telford division since the early 1990s and in September 2013, the scheme was expanded force-wide, creating a new detachment of police cadets in each Territorial Policing Unit area. Each detachment is headquartered in the respective TPU HQ, except the South Worcestershire detachment, which is based at Tudor Grange Academy.

In 2010, the Telford Cadets Detachment was awarded The Queen's Award for Voluntary Service. 

According to [http://www.westmercia.police.uk/policecadets/ West Mercia Police's website], "The scheme is aimed at young people who wish to engage in a program that offers them an opportunity to gain a practical understanding of policing, develop their spirit of adventure and good citizenship, while supporting their local policing priorities through volunteering, working with partner agencies and positive participation in their communities."

A new intake of approximately 15 new cadets per detachment occurs annually. New recruits must be aged 16 or over and have finished secondary education. Young people can remain as cadets for up to two years. Cadets can then consider joining the force at age 18, becoming a cadet leader in their detachment, or leaving the scheme altogether.[http://www.westmercia.police.uk/policecadets West Mercia Police Cadet website]

Each detachment is led by several cadet leaders who are police officers, PCSOs and police volunteers from the force.

Merger plans

In November 2005, the government announced major reforms of policing in England and Wales, which raised the prospect of West Mercia Constabulary being merged with other forces in the West Midlands region.

Under final proposals made by the Home Secretary on 6 February 2006, it would merge with Staffordshire Police, Warwickshire Constabulary and West Midlands Police to form a single strategic force for the West Midlands region. This came under particular criticism from West Mercia Constabulary, especially as it was rated the best force in the country. Instead, the constabulary wishes to remain a separate force. The proposals are also unpopular with many of the local authorities in the West Mercia area.

When Labour's John Reid became Home Secretary in 2006, he put plans to merge the forces on hold. The subsequent coalition and Conservative governments have not made any indication of re-introducing such plans.

Warwickshire alliance

In 2013 the West Mercia and Warwickshire police forces formed an alliance, sharing certain administrative functions in order to save both forces money.

Bibliography

* Policing Shropshire 1836–1967 by Douglas J. Elliott. Contains black and white plates, including illustration of badges as a frontispiece. Shropshire Police was amalgamated into the larger West Mercia Constabulary in 1967.
Question:
In which city are the HQ of the West Mercia Constabulary?
Answer:
Manufacturing in Worcester
Passage:
Harvey Lonsdale Elmes
Harvey Lonsdale Elmes (10 February 1814  – 26 November 1847) was an English architect, the designer of St George's Hall, Liverpool.

Life

The son of the architect, James Elmes, he was born in Chichester. After serving some time in his father's office, and under a surveyor at Bedford and an architect (Henry Goodridge) at Bath, Elmes became partner with his father in 1835.

One of the first buildings Elmes designed was 10-12 Queen Anne's Gate, Westminster, London, for Charles Pearson, the City Solicitor.  In July, 1839, he was successful among 86 competitors for a design for St George's Hall, Liverpool. The foundation stone of this building had been laid on 28 June 1838, but, Elmes being successful in a competition for the Assize Courts in the same city, it was finally decided to include the hall and courts in a single building. Consequently, Elmes prepared a fresh design, and construction work commenced in 1841. He superintended its progress until 1847, when because of failing health, he was compelled to delegate his duties to John Weightman (City Surveyor) and Robert Rawlinson (Structural Engineer) and leave for Jamaica, where he died of consumption on 26 November 1847. Charles Robert Cockerell took over supervision of the project in 1851.

Notable buildings

*St. George's Hall, Liverpool.
*Liverpool Collegiate Institution.
*Thingwall Hall.
Question:
Harvey Lonsdale Elmes won the competition to design which Liverpool building?
Answer:
Saint George's Hall
Passage:
Mare Serenitatis
Mare Serenitatis ("Sea of Serenity") is a lunar mare located to the east of Mare Imbrium on the Moon.

Geology

Mare Serenitatis is located within the Serenitatis basin, which is of the Nectarian epoch. The material surrounding the mare is of the Lower Imbrian epoch, while the mare material is of the Upper Imbrian epoch. The mare basalt covers a majority of the basin and overflows into Lacus Somniorum to the  northeast. The most noticeable feature is the crater Posidonius on the northeast rim of the mare.  The ring feature to the west of the mare is indistinct, except for Montes Haemus. Mare Serenitatis connects with Mare Tranquillitatis to the southeast and borders Mare Vaporum to the southwest.  Mare Serenitatis is an example of a mascon, an anomalous gravitational region on the moon.

A mass concentration (mascon), or gravitational high, was identified in the center of Mare Serenitatis from Doppler tracking of the five Lunar Orbiter spacecraft in 1968.   The mascon was confirmed and mapped at higher resolution with later orbiters such as Lunar Prospector and GRAIL.

File:Serenitatis basin topo.jpg|Topographic map
File:Serenitatis basin GRAIL gravity.jpg|Gravity map based on GRAIL

Names

Like most of the other maria on the Moon, Mare Serenitatis was named by Giovanni Riccioli, whose 1651 nomenclature system has become standardized.  Previously, William Gilbert had included it among the Regio Magna Occidentalis ("Large Western Region") in his map of c.1600.  Pierre Gassendi had included it among the 'Homuncio' ('little man'), referring to a small humanoid figure that he could see among the maria; Gassendi also referred to it as 'Thersite' after Thersites, the ugliest warrior in the Trojan War.  Michael Van Langren had labelled it the Mare Eugenianum ("Eugenia's Sea") in his 1645 map,  in honour of Isabella Clara Eugenia, queen of the Spanish Netherlands.  And Johannes Hevelius included it within Pontus Euxinus (after the classical name for the Black Sea) in his 1647 map.

Exploration

Both Luna 21 and Apollo 17 landed near the eastern border of Mare Serenitatis, in the area of the Montes Taurus range. Apollo 17 landed specifically in the Taurus-Littrow valley, and Luna 21 landed in Le Monnier crater.

Views

Image:Mare Serenetatis AS17-M-0940-0947-0954.jpg|These are three views of Mare Serenitatis, taken by the mapping camera of the Apollo 17 mission in 1972, facing north-northeast from an average altitude of 107 km.  At the right is the east margin of Mare Serenitatis, with the 95 km diameter crater Posidonius at the central horizon, the basalt-flooded Le Monnier crater to the south, the mare ridge (or wrinkle ridge) Dorsa Aldrovandi at center, Littrow crater at the right, and the landing site of Apollo 17 in the lower right corner in the Taurus–Littrow valley. In the center is the relatively small crater Bessel (16 km), and two prominent rays probably from the Tycho impact far to the south. At the left is the western margin of the mare, with the Caucasus Mountains at the central horizon, the Apennine Mountains at left, and the Sulpicius Gallus Rilles at the lower right. The sun elevation drops from 24 degrees at right to 5 degrees at left as the Command Module America orbited the moon.
Image:Mare Serenitatis AS17-150-23069.jpg|Some of the strongest tonal, color, and structural contrasts among mare materials occur in Mare Serenitatis. This color Apollo 17 image shows that the dark materials were emplaced before the lighter materials near the top.

In popular culture

*Mare Serenitatis forms one of the eyes for the Man in the Moon.
*In Sailor Moon, Mare Serenitatis was the former location of the Moon Kingdom.
*Mare Serenitatis is also mentioned in Arthur C. Clarke's The Sentinel.
*Most of the action in John Wyndham's 1933 short story "The Last Lunarians" takes place on the edge of the Sea of Serenity.
Question:
Where is the Sea of Serenity?
Answer:
On the Moon (album)
