Passage:
Cape Hatteras
Cape Hatteras  is a cape on the coast of North Carolina, and is protected as the namesake feature of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore.    It is the point that protrudes the farthest to the southeast along the northeast-to-southwest line of the Atlantic coast of North America.

It is also the nearest landmass to Bermuda, which is about 563 nmi to the east-southeast.

The community of Buxton, lies on the inland side of the Cape itself, at the widest part of Hatteras Island.  It is the largest community on the island, and is home to the governmental offices and schools for the Island.

Geography

Cape Hatteras is a bend in Hatteras Island, one of the long thin barrier islands that make up the Outer Banks. It is the site where the two great basins of the East Coast meet. The cape's shoals are known as Diamond Shoals. Somewhat analogous to Point Conception in Southern California, this on-the-edge placement at the confluence of the Labrador and Florida currents leads to unusually diverse biological assemblages. Many species' ranges have either a southern or northern terminus at the cape.

Climate

Cape Hatteras has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cfa), with mild winters, and warm to hot, humid summers, and is part of USDA Plant Hardiness Zone 9.  It is surrounded by large bodies of water, with Pamlico Sound to the west and northwest, and the Atlantic Ocean to all directions from northeast through southwest.  The proximity to water moderates conditions throughout the year, producing cooler summers and warmer winters than inland areas of North Carolina.
 The warmest days in July and early August have an average high temperature of less than 85 °F. As a result of its proximity to water, temperatures above 90 °F are rare, with an average of only 2.3 days per summer above 90 °F; one to three years out of each decade will not see any 90 °F readings. The coolest month, January, has a daily mean of , with lows normally well above freezing (32 F). The average window for freezing temperatures is from December 12 to March 11 (allowing a growing season of 275 days), between which there is an average of 21 nights with lows at or below the freezing mark, though only once every several years does the thermometer stay at or below the freezing mark all day. Extremes in temperature range from 6 °F on January 21, 1985 up to 97 °F on June 27, 1952.

Snowfall is observed occasionally, and usually light. Precipitation, mostly in the form of rain, is over 58 in per year, making it the wettest coastal location in North Carolina. Precipitation is evenly distributed throughout the year in which July to September are the wettest months. On average, August is the wettest month, owing to high frequencies of both summer thunderstorms and tropical systems (hurricanes, tropical storms and tropical depressions) that affect the area, mostly from August to early October. 

Cape Hatteras is virtually the highest-risk area for hurricanes and tropical storms along the entire U.S. Eastern seaboard.  Cape Hatteras can experience significant wind and/or water damage from tropical systems moving (usually northward or northeastward) near or over North Carolina's Outer Banks, while other areas (i.e. Wilmington, NC or Myrtle Beach and Charleston, SC to the south and Norfolk, VA and Maryland's Eastern Shore to the north) experience much less, minimal or no damage.  The Cape Hatteras area is infamous for being frequently struck by hurricanes that move up the East Coast of the United States.  The strike of Hurricane Isabel in 2003 was particularly devastating for the area.  Isabel devastated the entire Outer Banks and also split Hatteras Island  between the two small towns of Frisco and Hatteras. NC 12, which provides a direct route from Nags Head to Hatteras Island, was washed out when the hurricane created a new inlet. Students had to use a ferry to get to school. The inlet was filled in with sand by the Army Corps of Engineers which took nearly two months to complete. The road, electrical and water lines were quickly rebuilt when the inlet was filled.

History

The name Hatteras is the sixth oldest surviving English place-name in the U.S. An inlet north of the cape was named "Hatrask" in 1585 by Sir Richard Grenville, the admiral leading the Roanoke Colony expedition sent by Sir Walter Raleigh. It was later applied to the island and cape as well, and modified to "Hatteras."  Hatteras is the name of the Hatteras Indians. 

Because mariners utilize ocean currents to speed their journey, many ships venture close to Cape Hatteras when traveling along the eastern seaboard, risking the perils of sailing close to the shoals amid turbulent water and the frequent storms occurring in the area. So many ships have been lost off Cape Hatteras that the area is known as the "Graveyard of the Atlantic." Cape Hatteras is also well known for surfing.  

The first lighthouse at the cape was built in 1803; it was replaced by the current Cape Hatteras Lighthouse in 1870, which at  from the ground to the tip of its lightning rod is the tallest lighthouse in the United States and one of the tallest brick lighthouses in the world. In 1999, as the receding shoreline had come dangerously close to Cape Hatteras Lighthouse, the 4830-ton lighthouse was lifted and moved inland a distance of 2900 ft. Its distance from the seashore is now 1500 ft, about the same as when it was originally built.

The E.M. Clark (shipwreck and remains), EMPIRE GEM (shipwreck and remains), and USS Monitor are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.  

Awards and Recognition

Cape Hatteras has received the following awards:

Top 10 U.S. Beaches, The Travel Channel  

Top 10 U.S. Beaches for 2016, CNN  

America’s Top 10 Beaches of 2015, Forbes  

Notes
Question:
Cape Hatteras in North Carolina is the nearest land to which UK overseas territory?
Answer:
Foreign relations of Bermuda
Passage:
The Liberty Bell (march)
"The Liberty Bell" (1893) is an American military march composed by John Philip Sousa. 

History

"The Liberty Bell" was written for Sousa's unfinished operetta The Devil's Deputy, but financing for the show fell through. Shortly afterwards, Sousa and his band manager George Hinton attended the Columbian Exposition in Chicago. As they watched the spectacle "America", in which a backdrop depicting the Liberty Bell was lowered, Hinton suggested "The Liberty Bell" as the title of Sousa's recently completed march. Coincidentally, Sousa received a letter from his wife, saying their son had marched in a parade in honor of the Liberty Bell. Sousa agreed. He sold "The Liberty Bell" to the John Church Company for publication, and it was an immediate success.  The march is played as part of an exhibit in the Liberty Bell Center.

The United States Marine Corps Band has played "The Liberty Bell" march at four of the last six presidential inaugurations: the 1993 inauguration of President Bill Clinton,   the 2005 inauguration of President George W. Bush,  and the 2009 and 2013 inaugurations of President Barack Obama.

"The Liberty Bell" is also the official march past of the Canadian Forces Public Affairs Branch. 

Composition 

The march follows the standard form of AABBCDCDC.  The trio (sections C and D) uses tubular bells to symbolize the Liberty Bell ringing. The bells usually begin during the first breakstrain (section D), but some bands use them at the first trio (section C).

Monty Python 

The march is often associated with the British TV comedy program Monty Python's Flying Circus (1969–74), which used the piece as a signature tune.  The British comedy troupe Monty Python's use of the melody is ironic; the bouncy melody of the march may be what the troupe found appealing. Terry Gilliam, the only American in the troupe, decided to use the theme. He has said the piece was chosen because the troupe thought it could not be associated with the program's content, and that the first bell strike and the subsequent melody gave the impression of getting "straight down to business". It was also chosen because it was in the public domain and free from royalties, as there was no budget for theme music copyrights.

The Monty Python mode of presenting the tune was with a single strike of the bell, lifted from the third section and increased in volume, followed by a strain of each of the first two sections, followed by the famous stomping foot and a noticeably flatulent "splat" sound reminiscent of a whoopee cushion (though the first episodes used a "hiss"). At the end of Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl, the entire march was played over the closing credits.

"The Liberty Bell" was used by the Foot Guards before it became associated with the television series, after which they chose another march.  Nevertheless, the march remains popular with British military bands.
Question:
Liberty Bell was the theme tune for which British TV show?
Answer:
Samuel Brainsample
Passage:
Talaria
Talaria (, ) are winged sandals, a symbol of the Greek messenger god Hermes (Roman equivalent Mercury). They were said to be made by the god Hephaestus of imperishable gold and they flew the god as swift as any bird. The name is from the Latin talaria, neuter plural of talaris, "of the ankle".

Appearances

The talaria are mentioned in Homer, who describes them as ἀμβρόσια χρύσεια / ambrósia khrýseia, ("immortal/divine and of gold").  However, he does not mention the wings. Those are first mentioned in the Shield of Heracles, which speaks of  / pteróenta pédila, literally "winged sandals."  Later authors repeat this characteristic, for instance in the Orphic Hymns XXVIII (to Hermes). 

In the story of Perseus, he wears them to help him slay Medusa.  According to Aeschylus, Hermes gives them to Perseus directly,  In a better-attested version, Perseus must retrieve them from the Graeae, along with the cap of invisibility and the kibisis (sack).  However, Perseus sees poorly because Hermes does not have his own sandals, nor Hades his own helmet. 

In popular culture

In Rick Riordan's fantasy-adventure novel The Lightning Thief, the Talaria is in the form of  sneakers instead of sandals. To activate them the wearer must say "Maia" They are used by Grover Underwood.
Question:
Said to be made of imperishable gold and as swift as any bird, what was the name given to the winged sandals worn by the Greek god 'Hermes'?
Answer:
Winged sandals
Passage:
Joint Defense Facility Nurrungar
Joint Defence Facility Nurrungar (JDFN), located on the edge of Island Lagoon, approximately 15 km south of Woomera, South Australia was a facility operated jointly by the Australian Department of Defence and the United States Air Force from 1969 through 1999.  Its official area of emphasis was space-based surveillance, in particular the early detection of missile launches and nuclear detonations using U.S. Defense Support Program satellites in geostationary orbits.  The name Nurrungar derives from an aboriginal term meaning "listen".

History

Cold War

During the Cold War the site was crucially important to America's defences, being a facility for providing "launch on warning" surveillance of enemy ICBM and other rocket launches.Coleman, Matt [http://www.abc.net.au/pm/stories/s52512.htm Inside Nurrungar] Inside Nurrungar ABC PM Archive, 16 September 1999 Not surprisingly, it was also regarded as one of the Soviets' top ten targets in the event that such an attack would actually take place.

Politically it was both a symbol of U.S.-Australian relations, and highly controversial in Australia. This was mainly due to fears that the site could prompt a nuclear attack on Australian soil, and antipathy towards the US alliance amongst the Australian political left.   Political demonstrations were staged at the facility in 1989, 1991 and 1993.  Despite allegations that Australians were restricted from areas crucial to the facility's intelligence gathering capabilities, Australian military personnel were fully integrated into the site's operations.  The public in general was not even aware of its existence until November 1970, a full year after it had been in operation. Its precise location did not leak out until some time later.

Vietnam War

Leaked Department of Defence documents have revealed that satellites controlled by the Pine Gap and Nurrungar facilities were used to pinpoint targets for bombings in Cambodia. 

Persian Gulf War

During the Persian Gulf War it managed to score a few positive publicity notes for detecting early launches of Iraqi Scud missile attacks; years later, a USAF assessment would emerge revealing that oversights at the base were partly responsible for one of the worst disasters for Coalition forces during the war, on 26 February 1991 when an Iraqi Scud missile struck a warehouse housing U.S. soldiers, killing 28 and injuring more than 100.  Due to the operational environment and the NORAD ROE at the time, JDFN system was not able to positively identify the Scud missile attack realtime.  It was only after this attack that the operational ROE was changed.  Had the new operational ROE been in place before Feb 1991, JDFN would have positively identified the attack realtime.   

The report found that ground operators at Nurrungar played a part in the tragedy, which the Air Force described as a "worst case combination of events"; these were in turn compounded by failures in the MIM-104 Patriot intercept system deployed near the Dhahran base itself.

Decommissioning

After September 1999 its operations were moved to the Joint Defense Facility Pine Gap, near Alice Springs, and ownership of the premises was transferred to the Woomera Test Range (headquartered in Adelaide). The ADF now uses the site occasionally for army test and evaluation work under the approval of the Woomera Test Range.

The Woomera Test Range has taken some new steps with the announcement of Project JP3024, "Remediation of the Woomera Test Range". While Nurrungar is not specifically included in that project, Army and Air Force have been jointly using the site off and on since 2009. The site is surrounded by a high-security perimeter fence and still includes one of the old (believed heritage-listed) large radome structures. The radome still has the old satellite dish inside but it is believed all the operating mechanisms have long since been stripped out and sold for scrap. " 

Current state of the facility

Inside the fence of the large facility,  there are many large rooms including kitchens and some secure, bullet-proof rooms. There is even still a tennis court on the grounds. The whole facility is completely empty and stripped of lights and power plugs. Along the inside of the fence there are rows of barbed wire, microwave beams and other security features.
Question:
What town in South Australia has served a weapons-testing range since the 1950s, was the site of a detention facility for asylum seekers and refugees from 1999 to 2003, and was home to the Nurrungar satellite ground station until 1999?
Answer:
Woomera (disambiguation)
Passage:
United Kingdom State Symbols, Song, Flags and More ...
United Kingdom State Symbols, Song, Flags and More - Worldatlas.com
Animal: There is no official animal for the United Kingdom. There are, however, official animals for each member country.
Bird: European Robin (unofficial)
Coat of Arms:
Coat of Arms: The United Kingdom Royal Coat of Arms consists of a shield divided into four quadrants. One of the quadrants contain the guardant lions of England. Two of the quadrants contain the rampant lion of Scotland. The final quadrant contains a harp which represents Northern Ireland.
Supporting the shield are a crowned lion and a unicorn. The crowned lion represents England and the unicorn represents Scotland. The crowned lion also crowns the Coat of Arms.
The Coat of Arms also contains Latin phrases meaning "God and my right" and "Shamed be he who thinks ill of it".
These arms are used by the Queen or King in their official capacity as monarch, and are officially known as the Arms of Dominion.
Question:
What is the national bird of England, and Ireland?
Answer:
Erithacus rubecula
Passage:
Carolyn Davidson
Carolyn Davidson is a graphic designer best known for designing the Nike "swoosh" logo. The Nike "swoosh" was named the Number 1 most iconic logo of all time in Complex (magazine)'s 50 Most Iconic Brand Logos of All Time.   

Davidson designed the swoosh in 1971 while a graphic design student at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon. She started as a journalism major, but switched to design after taking a design course to "fill an empty elective."  Phil Knight, who was teaching an accounting class at the university, overheard Davidson say that she couldn't afford oil painting supplies, and asked her to do some work for what was then Blue Ribbon Sports, Inc. Knight asked Davidson to design a shoe stripe logo that "had something to do with movement." She gave him five different designs, one of which was the "swoosh."  Needing to choose a logo in order to meet looming production deadlines, Knight settled on the swoosh, after rejecting four other designs by Davidson. At the time, he stated of the logo, "I don't love it, but it will grow on me."  For her services, the company paid her $35, which, if adjusted for inflation for 2015, would be the value equivalent of about $205.  Davidson continued working for Blue Ribbon Sports (it officially became Nike, Inc. in 1971), until the design demands of the growing company were beyond one person's capacity. In 1976, the company hired its first external advertising agency, John Brown and Partners, and Davidson went on to work on other clients' needs.

In September 1983, nearly three years after the company went public, Knight invited Davidson to a company lunch. There, he presented her with a diamond ring engraved with the Swoosh, and an envelope filled with 500 shares of Nike stock (which have since split into more shares).   Of the gift, Davidson says, "this was something rather special for Phil to do, because I originally billed him and he paid that invoice." Davidson went on to be known as "The Logo Lady." In 1995, Nike removed the word "Nike" from the logo. The "swoosh" stands alone as the brand's logo.
Question:
In 1964, what did University of Oregon grad. student Carolyn Davidson design for $35?
Answer:
Swoosh logo
Passage:
Jingle
A jingle is a short song or tune used in advertising and for other commercial uses.  The jingle contains one or more hooks and meaning that explicitly promote the product or service being advertised, usually through the use of one or more advertising slogans.   Ad buyers use jingles in radio and television commercials; they can also be used in non-advertising contexts to establish or maintain a brand image. Jingles are a form of sound branding. Many jingles are also created using snippets of popular songs, in which lyrics are modified to appropriately advertise the product or service.

History

The jingle had no definitive status: its infiltration of the radio was more of an evolutionary process than a sudden innovation. Product advertisements with a musical tilt can be traced back to 1923,[http://www.mwotrc.com/rr2005_02/expert.htm MWOTRC: Metro Washington Old Time Radio Club] around the same time commercial radio began in the United States. If one entity has the best claim to the first jingle it is General Mills, who aired the world's first singing commercial. The seminal radio bite, entitled "Have You Tried Wheaties?",  was first sung over the air on Christmas Eve of 1926 in the Minneapolis–St. Paul radio market.[http://web.archive.org/web/20100215112522/http://www.generalmills.com/corporate/company/hist_radio.pdf General Mills history of innovation Radio and TV] (archived link, 15 February 2010) It featured four male singers, who were eventually christened "The Wheaties Quartet", singing the following lines:

Have you tried Wheaties?
They're whole wheat with all of the bran.
Won't you try Wheaties?
For wheat is the best food of man.

They're crispy and crunchy
The whole year through,
The kiddies never tire of them
and neither will you.

So just try Wheaties,
The best breakfast food in the land.

The Wheaties advertisement, with its lyrical hooks, was seen by its owners as extremely successful.  According to one account, General Mills had seriously planned to end production of Wheaties in 1929 on the basis of poor sales.  Soon after the song "Have you tried Wheaties?" aired in Minnesota, however, of the 53,000 cases of Wheaties breakfast cereal sold, 40,000 were sold in the Twin Cities market.  After advertising manager Samuel Chester Gale pointed out that this was the only location where "Have You Tried Wheaties?" was being aired at the time, the success of the jingle was accepted by the company. Encouraged by the results of this new method of advertising, General Mills changed its brand strategy. Instead of dropping the cereal, it purchased nationwide commercial time for the advertisement. The resultant climb in sales single-handedly established the "Wheaties" brand nationwide.

After General Mills' success, other companies began to investigate this new method of advertisement. Initially, the jingle circumvented the ban on direct advertising that the National Broadcasting Company, dominant broadcasting chain, was trying to maintain at the time.[http://www.mwotrc.com/rr2005_02/expert.htm MWOTRC: Metro Washington Old Time Radio Club]  A jingle could get a brand's name embedded in the heads of potential customers even though it did not fit into the definition of "advertisement" accepted in the late 1920s.

The art of the jingle reached its peak around the economic boom of the 1950s.
The jingle was used in the advertising of branded products such as breakfast cereals, candy, snacks, soda pop, tobacco, and beer.  Various franchises and products aimed at the consumers' self-image, such as automobiles, personal hygiene products (including deodorants, mouthwash, shampoo, and toothpaste), and household cleaning products, especially detergent, also used jingles.

Long running jingles

One of the longest running jingles is for McCormick Foods' Aeroplane Jelly. Composed in Australia before 1943, the jingle has been used in advertising well into the 21st century. During the 40s it made itself famous, or infamous, as it was played more than 100 times a day on some stations. 

Alternative jingles

Jingles can also be used for parody purposes, popularized in Top 40/CHR radio formats primarily Hot30 Countdown, used primarily for branding reasons.

Television station idents have also introduced their own audio jingles to strengthen their brand identities, for example the melodic motifs of Channel 4's Fourscore or BBC One's 'Circle' idents. 

Radio jingles

Most often the term Radio Jingles can be used to collectively describe all elements of radio station branding or identification. Accurately the term in the context of radio used to describe only those station branding elements which are musical, or sung. Sung jingles are the most common form of radio station branding otherwise known as imaging. A radio jingle therefore is created in a studio by session singers and includes a musical representation of the radio station name and frequency. Radio stations will sub contract to specialist radio jingle producers who will create the musical sound and melody along with the recording the session singers.  by The elements will be dispatched to the radio station in various time variations to be edited by local radio producers before being broadcast in between songs or into and out of commercial breaks. Alternatively Jingles can be made in-house by production staff
Question:
The first singing radio commercial, which aired in the US on Christmas Eve 1926, was for which brand?
Answer:
Honey Frosted Wheaties
Passage:
County Cricket Ground, Northampton
The County Ground, is a cricket venue on Wantage Road in the Abington area of Northampton, England, UK. It is home to Northamptonshire County Cricket Club.

It is known to be a venue which favours spinners, and in the last County Championship game of 2005, Northamptonshire's two spin bowlers Jason Brown and Monty Panesar took all 20 wickets for Northamptonshire.

Northamptonshire played their first match at the ground in 1886 before competing in the Minor Counties Championship competition between 1895 and 1904, winning the title three times. They were accepted into the County Championship and played their first first-class match at the ground on 5 June 1905. Northamptonshire drew with Leicestershire in a rain-hit match that only permitted 75 overs of play.

The County Ground hosted two 1999 Cricket World Cup matches. South Africa's victory over Sri Lanka and Bangladesh's first ever World Cup victory against eventual finalists Pakistan by 62 runs.

Football

Northampton Town F.C. also known as "The Cobblers" played their home games for 97 years at the County Ground between 1897 and 1994. The ground only had three sides with an open side due to the size of the cricket field.

The team began in the Northants League working upward through various leagues before being elected to The Football League in 1920. The team played in all four main divisions during their tenure at the County Ground. Between 1958 and 1965 the team rose from Division 4 all the way to the top tier, the First Division, where they stayed for only one season - 1965-66. Subsequently the team then fell into decline, being relegated to the Fourth Division in 1970.

On 7 February 1970, Northampton Town played Manchester United in the FA Cup fifth round at the County Ground and lost 8-2, with George Best scoring six goals.

From the 1970s to the 1990s team occupied Division 3 and Division 4 with the team finishing at the bottom of the league in 1994. However, they stayed in the league as the stadium of Kidderminster Harriers, the Football Conference winners, did not meet the standard required for promotion. By this stage, however, construction work on the new all-seater Sixfields Stadium had started. The new stadium was still under construction when the 1994-95 season began, and so the club began that season still at the County Ground.

The Cobblers played their last game there on 12 October 1994 (a 1-0 league defeat to Mansfield Town),  and then moved to Sixfields, a four sided stadium more suitable for football. 

Trivia

Sir Elton John played the first ever concert at the County Ground on 25 June 2011. The show lasted for over two and a half hours. Sir Elton was supported by Ed Drewett  

While the two sports clubs shared the ground, the cricket club's address was 'Wantage Road' whereas the football club's address was 'Abington Avenue'.
Question:
Which county cricket team play home games at Wantage Road?
Answer:
Northamptonshire
Passage:
Eutelsat
Eutelsat S.A. is a French-based  satellite provider. Providing coverage over the entire European continent, as well as the Middle East, Africa, India and significant parts of Asia and the Americas, it is one of the world's three leading satellite operators in terms of revenues.

Eutelsat's satellites are used for broadcasting 6,000 television stations, of which 600 are in HD, and 1100 radio stations to over 274 million cable and satellite homes. They also serve requirements for TV contribution services, corporate networks, mobile communications, Internet backbone connectivity and broadband access for terrestrial, maritime and in-flight applications. Eutelsat is headquartered in Paris. Eutelsat Communications Chief Executive Officer is currently Rodolphe Belmer. 

Its main craft have traditionally operated from four positions, each separated by three degrees at Geostationary orbit; 7, 10, 13 and 16°E; although more positions are now operated.

History

The European Telecommunications Satellite Organization (Eutelsat) was originally set up in 1977 as an intergovernmental organisation (IGO) to develop and operate a satellite-based telecommunications infrastructure for Europe. In 1982 Eutelsat decided to start operations of its first TV-channel (Sky Channel or Sky 1) on the Orbital Test Satellite (OTS) in cooperation with ESA (The European Space Agency). This was the first satellite based direct-to-home TV-channel launched   in Europe. In 1983 Eutelsat launched its first satellite to be used for telecommunications and TV distribution

Initially established to address satellite telecommunications demand in Western Europe, Eutelsat rapidly developed its infrastructure to expand coverage to additional services (i.e. TV) and markets, such as Central and Eastern Europe in 1989, and the Middle East, the African continent, and large parts of Asia and the Americas from the 1990s.

Eutelsat was the first satellite operator in Europe to broadcast television channels direct-to-home. It developed its premium neighbourhood of five Hot Bird satellites in the mid-1990s to offer capacity that would be able to attract hundreds of channels to the same orbital location, appealing to widespread audiences for consumer satellite TV.

With the general liberalisation of the telecommunications sector in Europe, the IGO’s operations and activities were transferred to a private company called Eutelsat S.A. in July 2001.

In April 2005, the principal shareholders of Eutelsat S.A. grouped their investment in a new entity (Eutelsat Communications), which is now the holding company of the Group owning 95.2% of Eutelsat S.A. on October 6, 2005. Currently it owns 96.0% of Eutelsat S.A. 

On July 31, 2013, Eutelsat Communications announced the 100% acquisition of Satélites Mexicanos, S.A. de C.V. (“Satmex”) for $831 million in cash plus assumption of $311 million in Satmex debt, pending government and regulatory approvals.  The transaction was finalized on January 2, 2014. Based in Mexico, Satmex operates three satellites at contiguous positions, 113° West (Satmex 6), 114.9° West (Satmex 5) and 116.8° West (Satmex 8) that cover 90% of the population of the Americas.

Services

Satellites

Eutelsat commercializes capacity on 40 satellites located in geosynchronous orbit between 116 degrees West and 172 degrees East.

On 1 March 2012, Eutelsat changed the names of its satellites. The group's satellites mostly take the Eutelsat name, with the relevant figure for their orbital position and a letter indicating their order of arrival at that position.

On 21 May 2014, Eutelsat Americas (formerly Satmex) aligned its satellite names with the Eutelsat brand. 

Rented capacity

Former satellites

Bibliography

*   Guy Lebègue, (trad. Robert J. Amral), « Eutelsat II: OK For West-to-East Service! », in Revue aerospatiale,  n°73, November 1990.
Question:
What is the name of a family of satellites launched since 1995 and operated by Eutelsat, located at 13E over the Equator (orbital position) with a transmitting footprint over Europe, North Africa and the Middle East?
Answer:
Hot Bird 1
Passage:
Lacrimal gland
The lacrimal-glands are paired, almond-shaped glands, one for each eye, that secrete the aqueous-layer of the tear film. They are situated in the upper-outer portion of each orbit, in the lacrimal fossa of the orbit formed by the frontal-bone.  Inflammation of the lacrimal-glands is called dacryoadenitis. The lacrimal-gland produces tears which then flow into canals that connect to the lacrimal sac. From that sac, the tears drain through the lacrimal duct into the nose.

Anatomists divide the gland into two sections. The smaller palpebral-portion lies close to the eye, along the inner-surface of the eyelid; if the upper-eyelid is everted, the palpebral-portion can be seen. 

The orbital-portion contains fine interlobular ducts that unite to form 3–5 main-excretory ducts, joining 5–7 ducts in the palpebral-portion before the secreted-fluid may enter on the surface of the eye.  Tears secreted collect in the fornix-conjunctiva of the upper-lid, and pass over the eye-surface to the lacrimal puncta, small holes found at the inner-corner of the eyelids.  These pass the tears through the lacrimal canaliculi on to the lacrimal sac, in turn to the nasolacrimal duct, which dumps them out into the nose. 

Microanatomy

The lacrimal-gland is a compound-tubuloacinar gland, it is made up of many lobules separated by connective tissue, each lobule contains many acini. The acini contain only serous-cells and produce a watery-serous secretion.

Each acinus consists of a grape-like mass of lacrimal-gland cells with their apices pointed to a central-lumen. 

The central-lumen of many of the units converge to form intralobular ducts, and then they unite to from interlobular ducts. The gland lacks striated ducts.

Innervation

The parasympathetic-nerve supply originates from the  lacrimatory nucleus of the facial nerve in the pons. From the pons nucleus-preganglionic-parasympathetic fibres run in the nervus intermedius (small-sensory root of facial nerve) to the geniculate ganglion but they do not synapse there. Then, from the geniculate ganglion, the preganglionic-fibres run in the greater petrosal nerve (a branch of the facial nerve) which carries the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers through the foramen lacerum, where it joins the deep petrosal nerve (which contains postganglionic-sympathetic fibers from the superior-cervical ganglion) to form the nerve of the pterygoid canal (vidian nerve) which then traverses through the pterygoid canal to the pterygopalatine ganglion. Here, the fibers synapse and postganglionic-fibers join the fibers of the maxillary nerve. In the pterygopalatine-fossa itself, the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers branch off with the zygomatic nerve and then branch off again, joining with the lacrimal-branch of the ophthalmic-division of CN V, which supplies sensory-innervation to the lacrimal-gland along with the eyelid and conjunctiva.

The sympathetic-postganglionic fibers originate from the superior cervical ganglion. They traverse as a periarteriolar-plexus with the internal-carotid artery, before they merge and form the deep-petrosal nerve, which joins the greater petrosal nerve in the pterygoid-canal. Together, greater petrosal and deep-petrosal nerves form the nerve of the pterygoid-canal (vidian-nerve) and they reach the pterygopalatine-ganglion in the pterygopalatine-fossa. In contrast to their parasympathetic-counterparts, sympathetic-fibers do not synapse in the pterygopalatine-ganglion, having done so already in the sympathetic-trunk. However, they continue to course with the parasympathetic-fibers innervating the lacrimal-gland.

Blood supply

The lacrimal artery, derived from the ophthalmic artery supplies the lacrimal-gland. 
Venous-blood returns via the superior ophthalmic vein.

Lymphatic-drainage

The glands drain into the superficial-parotid-lymph nodes.  

Nerve-supply

The lacrimal nerve, derived from the ophthalmic nerve, supplies the sensory-component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve, derived from the facial nerve, supplies the parasympathetic-autonomic component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve traverses alongside branches of the V1 and V2 divisions of the trigeminal nerve. The proximity of the greater-petrosal nerve to branches of the trigeminal-nerve explains the phenomenon of lesions to the trigeminal-nerve causing impaired-lacrimation although the trigeminal-nerve does not supply the lacrimal-gland.

Pathology

In contrast to the normal-moisture of the eyes or even crying, there can be persistent dryness, scratching, and burning in the eyes, which are signs of dry-eye syndrome (DES) or keratoconjunctivitis-sicca (KCS). With this syndrome, the lacrimal-glands produce less lacrimal-fluid, which mainly occurs with aging or certain medications. A thin strip of filter-paper (placed at the edge of the eye) the Schirmer-test, can be used to determine the level of dryness of the eye. Many medications or diseases that cause dry-eye syndrome can also cause hyposalivation with xerostomia. Treatment varies according to etiology and includes avoidance of exacerbating-factors, tear-stimulation and supplementation, increasing tear-retention, eyelid-cleansing, and treatment of eye-inflammation. 

In addition, the following can be associated with lacrimal-gland pathology:
* Dacryoadenitis
*Sjögren's syndrome

Additional images

 File:Gray514.png|The ophthalmic artery and its branches.
 File:Gray776.png|Nerves of the orbit. Seen from above.
 File:Gray841.png|Sympathetic connections of the sphenopalatine and superior cervical ganglia.
 File:Gray895.png|The tarsal glands, etc., seen from the inner surface of the eyelids.
 File:Gray897.png|Alveoli of lacrimal gland.
File:Slide3abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide4abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide5abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide6abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide7abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
Question:
In the human body what is produced by the lachrymal glands?
Answer:
Wept
Passage:
Sopot International Song Festival
The Sopot International Song Festival (later called Sopot Music Festival Grand Prix, Sopot Top of the Top Festival from 2012–13 and Polsat Sopot Festival since 2014) is an annual international song contest held in Sopot, Poland.  It was the biggest Polish music festival altogether with the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole, and one of the biggest song contests in Europe.

The contest was organised and transmitted live by the Polish state television broadcaster, Telewizja Polska (TVP) between 1994 and 2004. The following year, the concert was broadcast by the private media station TVN for the first time and remained on TVN until 2009. Since 2012, the concert is broadcast and organised by Polsat.

History

The first Sopot festival was initiated and organised in 1961 by Władysław Szpilman, assisted by Szymon Zakrzewski from Polish Artists Management (PAGART).  The first three editions were held in the Gdansk Shipyard hall (1961–1963), after which the festival moved to the Forest Opera. The main prize has been Amber Nightingale through most of its history.

Between 1977 and 1980 it was replaced by the Intervision Song Contest, which was still held in Sopot. Unlike the Eurovision Song Contest, the Sopot International Music Festival often changed its formulas to pick a winner and offered many different contests for its participants. For example, at the 4th Intervision Song Festival (held in Sopot August 20–23, 1980) two competitions were effective: one for artists representing television companies, the other for those representing record companies. In the first the jury considered the artistic merits of the songs entered; while in the second, it judged the performers' interpretation." 

The festival has always been open to non-European acts, and countries like Cuba, Dominican Republic, Mongolia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Peru, South Africa and many others have been represented in this event.

The contest lost popularity in Poland and abroad in the 1980s, declining further during the 1990s, and the rather unconvincing organisations by TVP made the authorities of Sopot give the organization of the 2005 Sopot International Song Festival to a private TV channel, TVN.

Since 1999, there was no contest. TVP chose to invite well-known artists instead, featuring the likes of Whitney Houston, The Corrs, Lionel Richie, UB40, Ricky Martin and Simply Red to perform. In 2005, TVN brought the international competition back, taking over from TVP, and in 2006 invited Elton John and Katie Melua. The Sopot International Song Festival is usually considered bigger than the Benidorm International Song Festival because of its ability to attract star performers.

In 2010 and 2011, the festival did not take place due to renovation of the Forest Opera. Since 2012, it is called Sopot Top Of The Top Festival and is broadcast annually by Polsat. In 2014, the name was changed to Polsat Sopot Festival.

The festival also provided opportunity to listen to international stars. In the past, it featured Charles Aznavour, Boney M, Johnny Cash, and more recently: Chuck Berry, Vanessa Mae, Annie Lennox, Vaya Con Dios, Chris Rea, Tanita Tikaram, La Toya Jackson, Kajagoogoo and Goran Bregovic.

Winners by year

This list includes only winners of the most prestigious contests within the Sopot Music Festival. Sometimes one contest has overshadowed another with time. Grand Prix de disque was the most prestigious award between 1974 and 1976 and the Intervision Song Contest during 1977–80.

The festival has also given prizes for Best Interpretation in the 1960s, the Amber Nightingdale in the 1980s and 1990s and Winner Of The Polish Day on and off from the 1960s to the 1980s.

Winners by country

*More than one winner at that year.

Selected appearances

* 1964: Karel Gott
* 1965: Eduard Khil
* 1966: Angela Zilia
* 1969: Karel Gott, Muslim Magomayev
* 1973: Transsylvania Phoenix, Lokomotiv GT
* 1974: Sofia Rotaru
* 1977: Lili Ivanova, The Ritchie Family
* 1978: Drupi
* 1979: Demis Roussos, Boney M, Zsuzsa Cserháti
* 1980: Gloria Gaynor
* 1984: Anne Veski, Charles Aznavour, The Twins
* 1985: Shirley Bassey
* 1986: Bonnie Tyler
* 1987: Johnny Cash, Jose Feliciano
* 1988: Kim Wilde, Sabrina
* 1989: Savage, Blue System, C. C. Catch
* 1990: Ronnie Hawkins, Duo Datz, Erasure, Victor Lazlo, Curiosity Killed The Cat
* 1991: Dannii Minogue, Johnny Hates Jazz, Technotronic, Deacon Blue, Alison Moyet, Aztec Camera, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, Bros, Jimmy Somerville
* 1992: Kim Wilde, Bobby Kimball, Sonia, Marillion, Simone Angel
* 1993: Boney M, La Toya Jackson, Marc Almond, Helena Vondráčková, Jiří Korn
* 1994: Radiohead
* 1995: Chuck Berry, Annie Lennox, Vanessa Mae
* 1996: The Kelly Family, Vaya Con Dios, Deep Forest, Foo Fighters, La Bouche
* 1997: Khadja Nin, Alexia, Secret Garden, Boyz II Men
* 1998: The Corrs, Chris Rea, Tanita Tikaram, Ace of Base, Era
* 1999: A-Teens, Whitney Houston, Lionel Richie
* 2000: Bryan Adams, Tina Turner, Helena Vondráčková
* 2001: Goran Bregovic, Lou Bega, UB40
* 2002: Zucchero, Garou
* 2003: Ricky Martin
* 2004: In-Grid, Kate Ryan, Patricia Kaas
* 2005: Patrizio Buanne, Lemar, Gordon Haskell, Scorpions, Simply Red
* 2006: Brainstorm, Andreas Johnson, Katie Melua, Melanie C, Elton John, Vanilla Ninja, Anggun, Karel Gott, Helena Vondráčková, Demis Roussos, Drupi
* 2007: Norah Jones, Gloria Gaynor, The Village People, Hot Chocolate, Kool & The Gang, Sister Sledge, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, September, Thierry Amiel
* 2008: Samantha Fox, Sandra, Sabrina Salerno, Thomas Anders of Modern Talking, Kim Wilde, Limahl with Kajagoogoo and Shakin' Stevens
* 2009: Josef Hedinger, E.M.D., Oceana 
* 2012: Tony Carreira, Gotthard, Maria Ilieva, Gérard Lenorman, India Martínez, Alban Skënderaj
* 2013: Rick Astley, Belinda Carlisle, DJ Bobo, Sharon Doorson, Caro Emerald, Rea Garvey, Amy Macdonald, Nabiha, Krista Siegfrids, Stereolizza, Helena Vondráčková
* 2014: Dr. Alban, Garou, Oceana, Vengaboys
Question:
The Sopot International Song Festival is held annually in which European country?
Answer:
Etymology of Poland
Passage:
Magnifying glass
A magnifying glass (called a hand lens in laboratory contexts) is a convex lens that is used to produce a magnified image of an object. The lens is usually mounted in a frame with a handle (see image).

A sheet magnifier consists of many very narrow concentric ring-shaped lenses, such that the combination acts as a single lens but is much thinner. This arrangement is known as a Fresnel lens.

The magnifying glass is an icon of detective fiction, particularly that of Sherlock Holmes.

History

The earliest evidence of a magnifying device was a joke in Aristophanes's The Clouds from 424 BC, where magnifying lenses to start kindling were sold in a pharmacy, and Pliny the Elder's "lens", a glass globe filled with water, used to cauterize wounds. (Seneca wrote that it could be used to read letters "no matter how small or dim").  Roger Bacon described the properties of a magnifying glass in 13th-century England. Eyeglasses were developed in 13th-century Italy.

Magnification

The magnification of a magnifying glass depends upon where it is placed between the user's eye and the object being viewed, and the total distance between them.  The magnifying power is equivalent to angular magnification (this should not be confused with optical power, which is a different quantity). The magnifying power is the ratio of the sizes of the images formed on the user's retina with and without the lens.  For the "without" case, it is typically assumed that the user would bring the object as close to one eye as possible without it becoming blurry. This point, known as the near point, varies with age. In a young child, it can be as close as 5 cm, while, in an elderly person it may be as far as one or two metres. Magnifiers are typically characterized using a "standard" value of 0.25 m.

The highest magnifying power is obtained by putting the lens very close to one eye and moving the eye and the lens together to obtain the best focus. The object will then typically also be close to the lens. The magnifying power obtained in this condition is MP0  (0.25 m)Φ + 1, where Φ is the optical power in dioptres, and the factor of 0.25 m represents the assumed near point (¼ m from the eye). This value of the magnifying power is the one normally used to characterize magnifiers. It is typically denoted "m×", where m 
 MP0. This is sometimes called the total power of the magnifier (again, not to be confused with optical power).

However, magnifiers are not always used as described above because it is more comfortable to put the magnifier close to the object (one focal length away). The eye can then be a larger distance away, and a good image can be obtained very easily; the focus is not very sensitive to the eye's exact position. The magnifying power in this case is roughly MP = (0.25 m)Φ.

A typical magnifying glass might have a focal length of 25 cm, corresponding to an optical power of 4 dioptres. Such a magnifier would be sold as a "2×" magnifier. In actual use, an observer with "typical" eyes would obtain a magnifying power between 1 and 2, depending on where lens is held.

Using this principle, a magnifying glass can also be used to focus light, such as to concentrate the sun's radiation to create a hot spot at the focus.

Alternatives

Magnifying glasses typically have low magnifying power: 2×–6×, with the lower-power types being much more common. At higher magnifications, the image quality of a simple magnifying glass becomes poor due to optical aberrations, particularly spherical aberration. When more magnification or a better image is required, other types of hand magnifier are typically used. A Coddington magnifier provides higher magnification with improved image quality. Even better images can be obtained with a multiple-lens magnifier, such as a Hastings triplet. High power magnifiers are sometimes mounted in a cylindrical or conical holder with no handle. This is called a loupe.

Such magnifiers can reach up to about 30×, and at these magnifications the aperture of the magnifier becomes very small and it must be placed very close to both the object and the eye. For more convenient use or for magnification beyond about 30×, one must instead use a microscope.

Uses as a symbol 

The magnifying glass (i.e. , or U+1F50D in Unicode: &#x1F50D;) is commonly used as a symbolic representation for the ability to search or zoom, especially in computer software and websites.
Question:
Which English scientist and philosopher invented the magnifying glass in 1250?
Answer:
Roger Bacon (philosopher)
Passage:
All Cabbage Types and Important Facts about this healthy ...
All Cabbage Types and Important Facts about this healthy vegetable
HABIT CREATION
Cabbage Types: Who is Who?
When most of us think of cabbage types, we think of the one or two varieties available at our local grocery store. 
But, did you know that there are actually more than a hundred different varieties?! To cover each and everyone is beyond the scope of this article, but let’s look at the most common and begin exploring the world of cabbage.
A Different Cabbage Every Day!
Ever wonder how cole slaw got its name?
Well, COLE is the old English word for cabbage. And we all know that cabbage is the main ingredient of that dish.
If you are interested in growing your own COLE or cabbage types you will first need to decide on what type.
It really isn’t too difficutl to grow. Plus, as any gardner will attest, homegrown cabbage will reward you with a sweeter taste than the variety purchased at a grocery store.
a real cabbage diversity
To truly explore the vast variety of available cabbage, one must peruse a seed catalogue. Common green and red cabbage varieties will jump out at you, but also take note of the savoury crinkled leave cabbage and even those able to withstand snow!
With all of this cabbage diversity one may wonder what makes them all cabbages. Most cabbages will have a short, broad stem and flowers that from that distinguished compact head.
The Savory Cabbages
Savory cabbage is distingued by its yellow-green crinkled leaves. It is also noticeable less compact than the common green cabbage.
These cabbage types do well in stew, steamed or just as a garnish. Common savoury cabbages include the Salarite, Savonarch, Promasa and Wivoy. The Salarite and Savonarch grow up to 2 feet and each head weighs from 3 to 5 pounds. The Promasa and Wivoy are still savoury, but yield a more compact head.
Common Napa Cabbage
These popular cabbages are a light green with crinkled leaves. Their head is compact and the stems are white in color.
The Nappa cabbage is one that is tasty even raw. Or more common uses are in stir-fry or steamed. You will find the Napa cabbage in almost all stir-fry dishes. If you enjoy a more delicate and milder tasting cabbage for your recipes, opt for the Nappa cabbage.
Chinese Cabbage – Bok Choy
Bok Choy is recognized for its dark green leaves and white stems. And unlike traditional white cabbage, the leaves grow loosly together rather than tightly.
Other Chinese cabbages include the Michihli, Pe-Tsai, Tai-sai, Lei-choi and Pakchoi. With most Chinese cabbage both the stem and leaves can be cooked. They also have a taste similar to celery.
The Red Cabbage
Actually, the color is more like a deep purple than that of red. And even though it looks different than the green cabbage, its taste is very similar.
The most common uses for red cabbage are pickling. They are also tasty in slaws and salads.
Western red cabbage varieties include Meteor, Red Rodan, Ruby Ball and Scarlet O’Hara. Each of these has a head from 7 to 10 in in diameter and weigh about 3-4 pounds.
Green Cabbage
Last, but not least, is the green cabbage. This is the most common cabbage variety. Pale in color and with tight leaves. It is used often in soups (especially in our beloved cabbage soups ;-))and slaws.
Familar green cabbages include Grenadier, Charmant, and January King. Named after its ability to remain hearty even in a cold environment, January King can be seen late in the year.
Question:
January King, Meteor, and Salarite are varieties of which vegetable?
Answer:
Green cabbage
Passage:
battery - Memidex dictionary/thesaurus
battery - Memidex dictionary/thesaurus
battery
(military machine)   group of guns or missile launchers operated together at one place
Synonyms: btry. [abbreviation]. Topic: military machine. Type of: artillery unit
(electrical device)   a device that produces electricity; may have several primary or secondary cells arranged in parallel or series
Synonyms: electric battery, btry. [abbreviation]. Type of: electrical device
(collection)   a collection of related things intended for use together
Type of: collection
(team)   a unit composed of the pitcher and catcher
Type of: team. Part of: baseball team
(stamp mill)   a series of stamps operated in one mortar for crushing ores
Synonyms: stamp battery. Type of: stamp mill
(fire)   the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target
Synonyms: barrage, barrage fire, bombardment, shelling, btry. [abbreviation]. Type of: fire
(law)   an assault in which the assailant makes physical contact
Synonyms: assault and battery, btry. [abbreviation]. Topic: law. Type of: assault
A battery
Question:
What can be a power source, an organized group of artillery pieces, and contact with another in a manner likely to cause bodily harm?
Answer:
The Battery (film)
Passage:
Tower of Hercules
The Tower of Hercules (Galician and ) is an ancient Roman lighthouse on a peninsula about  from the centre of A Coruña, Galicia, in north-western Spain. Until the 20th century, the tower itself was known as the "Farum Brigantium". The Latin word farum is derived from the Greek pharos for the Lighthouse of Alexandria. The structure is 55 m tall and overlooks the North Atlantic coast of Spain. The structure, almost 1900 years old and renovated in 1791, is the oldest Roman lighthouse in use today.
There is a sculpture garden featuring works by Pablo Serrano and Francisco Leiro. 

The Tower of Hercules is a National Monument of Spain, and since June 27, 2009, has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site.   It is the second tallest lighthouse in Spain, after the Faro de Chipiona.

Construction and history

The tower is known to have existed by the 2nd century, built or perhaps rebuilt under Trajan, possibly on foundations following a design that was Phoenician in origin. It is thought to be modeled after the Lighthouse of Alexandria. At its base is preserved the cornerstone with the inscription  MARTI AUG.SACR C.SEVIVS LUPUS ARCHTECTUS AEMINIENSIS LVSITANVS.EX.VO, permitting the original lighthouse tower to be ascribed to the architect Gaius Sevius Lupus, from Aeminium (present-day Coimbra, Portugal) in the former province of Lusitania, as an offering dedicated to Mars. The tower has been in constant use since the 2nd century and is considered to be the oldest existing lighthouse in the world.

The earliest known reference to the lighthouse at Brigantium is by Paulus Orosius in Historiae adversum Paganos  written around 415-417:
Secundus angulus circium intendit, ubi Brigantia Gallaeciae civitas sita altissimum farum et inter pauca memorandi operis ad speculam Britanniae erigit ("At the second angle of the circuit circumnavigating Hispania], where the Gallaecian city of Brigantia is sited, a very tall lighthouse is erected among a few commemorative works, for looking towards Britannia.")

In 1788, the original 34 m, 3-story tower was given a neoclassical restoration, including a new 21 m fourth storey.  The restoration was undertaken by naval engineer Eustaquio Giannini during the reign of Charles III of Spain, and was finished in 1791.  Within, the much-repaired Roman and medieval masonry may be inspected.

The Romans who conquered this region of Spain believed it to be, in a figurative sense, the end of the earth, whence its name Finisterra. This region is notorious for shipwrecks, earning it the name Costa da Morte, "Coast of Death".

Myths

Through the millennia many mythical stories of its origin have been told. According to a myth that blends Celtic and Greco-Roman elements, the hero Hercules slew the giant tyrant Geryon after three days and three nights of continuous battle. Hercules then—in a Celtic gesture— buried the head of Geryon with his weapons and ordered that a city be built on the site. The lighthouse atop a skull and crossbones representing the buried head of Hercules’ slain enemy appears in the coat-of-arms of the city of Corunna.

Another legend embodied in the 11th-century Irish compilation Lebor Gabála Érenn— the "Book of Invasions"— King Breogán, the founding father of the Galician Celtic nation, constructed a massive tower of such a grand height that his sons could see a distant green shore from its top. The glimpse of that distant green land lured them to sail north to Ireland. According to the legend Breogán's descendants stayed in Ireland and are the Celtic ancestors of the current Irish people. A colossal statue of Breogán has been erected near the Tower.

Possible locations of Brigantia

Early geographical descriptions on the location of Brigantia point out that the town could be actually located in Corunna or in the locality of the modern town of Betanzos. There is some debate about this, as the people from Betanzos claim it as a fact that Betanzos was referred to as "the former city of Brigancia" until the 17th century, both in literary accounts as well as in maps, and they also believe that the name Betanzos is a phonetical evolution from Brigantium > Breganzo > Betanzos. This, however, could be a false etymology.

The Betanzos tradition claims that the port of Betanzos was getting too small for the larger mediaeval ships, and that king Alfonso IX of León decided to create a bigger port nearby in the 13th century. The place he chose was an uninhabited place called Clunia, which later on evolved to Cruña and Coruña, and so (in English) to Corunna. The place name Clunia is believed to come from the Proto-Celtic root *klou̯ni (cf. Old Irish cluain), meaning meadow.

However, the Coruña tradition maintains that the "port" of Betanzos (which is a fluvial one, in a quite small river) was way too small for the Roman warships to dock, for example when Julius Caesar visited this area   with "more than a hundred triremes". It is demonstrated that Corunna was an important Roman site, as graveyards and other Roman remains have been found in the city center,   demonstrating that the site was inhabited in the Roman period, and only was deserted in the early Middle Ages due to Viking attacks, when its people moved inland to O Burgo, nowadays Culleredo. The proponents of Corunna also explain the different name as a change  that occurred in the Middle Ages, and point out the fact that the lighthouse, which was called "Pharum Brigantium", is placed in Corunna, and at least 25 km walking distance or a whole day's journey, from Betanzos.
Question:
In which country is the Tower of Hercules, the oldest roman lighthouse still in use today?
Answer:
Islands of Spain
Passage:
Enemy | Define Enemy at Dictionary.com
Enemy | Define Enemy at Dictionary.com
enemy
noun, plural enemies.
1.
a person who feels hatred for, fosters harmful designs against, or engages in antagonistic activities against another; an adversary or opponent.
2.
an armed foe; an opposing military force:
The army attacked the enemy at dawn.
3.
a hostile nation or state.
4.
a citizen of such a state.
5.
enemies, persons, nations, etc., that are hostile to one another:
Let's make up and stop being enemies.
6.
His unbridled ambition is his worst enemy.
7.
the Enemy, the Devil; Satan.
adjective
belonging to a hostile power or to any of its nationals:
enemy property.
Latin
1250-1300
1250-1300; Middle English enemi < Anglo-French, Old French < Latin inimicus unfriendly, equivalent to in- in- 3 + amicus friendly, friend; see amicable
Related forms
See more synonyms on Thesaurus.com
1. antagonist. Enemy, foe refer to a dangerous public or personal adversary. Enemy emphasizes the idea of hostility: to overcome the enemy; a bitter enemy. Foe, a more literary word, may be used interchangeably with enemy, but emphasizes somewhat more the danger to be feared from such a one: deadly foe; arch foe of humankind (the Devil ).
Antonyms
Examples from the Web for enemy
Expand
Contemporary Examples
For whoever holds love and compassion in high esteem, the practice of tolerance is essential, and it requires an enemy.
Tarrano the Conqueror Raymond King Cummings
There was nothing on board the Maria that could cope with the enemy's guns.
Hi Jolly! James Arthur Kjelgaard
British Dictionary definitions for enemy
Expand
noun (pl) -mies
1.
a person hostile or opposed to a policy, cause, person, or group, esp one who actively tries to do damage; opponent
2.
an armed adversary; opposing military force
(as modifier): enemy aircraft
a hostile nation or people
(as modifier): an enemy alien
4.
something that harms or opposes; adversary: courage is the enemy of failure
related
C13: from Old French enemi, from Latin inimīcus hostile, from in-1 + amīcus friend
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for enemy
Expand
n.
early 13c., from Old French enemi (12c.), earlier inimi (9c.) "enemy, adversary, foe, demon, the Devil," from Latin inimicus "hostile, unfriendly; an enemy" (source of Italian nemico, Catalan enamic, Spanish enemigo, Portuguese inimigo), from in- "not" (see in- (1)) + amicus "friend" related to amare "to love" (see Amy ).
Most words for "personal enemy" cover also "enemy in war," but certain languages have special terms for the latter, e.g. Greek polemioi (distinct from ekhthroi), Latin hostis, originally "stranger" (distinct from inimicus), Russian neprijatel' (distinct from vrag).
Russian vrag (Old Church Slavonic vragu) is cognate with Lithuanian vargas "misery" (see urge ), and probably is related to Proto-Germanic *wargoz, source of Old Norse vargr "outlaw," hence "wolf;" Icelandic vargur "fox," Old English wearg "criminal, felon;" which likely were the inspirations for J.R.R. Tolkien's warg "a kind of large ferocious wolf" in "The Hobbit" (1937) and "Lord of the Rings." Related: Enemies.
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
Which ‘A’ is another name for an enemy or opponent?
Answer:
Adversary (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Rembrandts
The Rembrandts are an American pop rock duo, formed by Danny Wilde and Phil Solem in 1989. They had previously worked together as members of Great Buildings in 1981. The Rembrandts are best known for "I'll Be There for You", which was used as the theme song for the television sitcom Friends, first broadcast in 1994. 

History

Before the foundation of the Rembrandts, Solem and especially Wilde were well-regarded music industry veterans.  Wilde was a member of 1970s cult recording act The Quick, and had released several mildly successful solo albums in the 1980s.  As well, Wilde and Solem had together been in the well-reviewed (but commercially unsuccessful) power-pop quartet Great Buildings, a band which released one album for CBS in 1981 before dissolving.

After establishing themselves as "The Rembrandts" in 1989, Solem and Wilde recorded a self-titled album largely in Wilde's home studio.  From this album, the group had their first success during 1990 with "Just the Way It Is, Baby", which scored at number 14 on the Billboard singles chart. The self-titled album scored number 88 on the album charts.

The next album Untitled, of 1992, featured the minor successes "Johnny, Have You Seen Her?" and "Chase the Clouds Away". Another track from the album, "Rollin' Down the Hill", was used in the film Dumb and Dumber.

"I'll Be There for You," the theme for the sitcom Friends, reached No. 1 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for several weeks before being released as a single and peaking at No. 17 on the U.S. Billboard charts. The single has been released in other countries, including the UK, where it reached No. 3 in 1995 and No. 5 in 1997. The success of Friends has caused a greater awareness of the band, and led to greater sales of their recorded albums. The song was also featured on the Friends Soundtrack album.  An earlier, previously unreleased version of "I'll Be There for You" with different lyrics was included on their Unreleased Stuff album.

In 1997, the duo split, with Solem returning to Minneapolis to concentrate on his band Thrush. In 1998, Wilde released the album Spin This, credited to "Danny Wilde + The Rembrandts". In 2000, Solem and Wilde reunited, and released the album Lost Together as the Rembrandts the following year.

In 2005, the band released an album of re-recorded favorites called Choice Picks. There are two versions of Choice Picks, one released through Awarestore.com which features the new track "Chasin' Down a Rainbow". The other version was released on the Fuel 2000 label, with the new track "Don't Give Me Up".

In 2006, Rhino Records released a collection called Greatest Hits, a 20 song career-spanning retrospective that included material from the lone Great Buildings album, Apart from the Crowd.

The duo continues to write new songs and tour, while also working on material and producing for other artists, including Plain White T's, Katie & Katie, Gin Blossoms, Evan & Jaron, and Glen Phillips (Wilde) and Thrush, Catchpenny, Christo Savalas, Matt Dodge, producer John Fields, Dez Dickerson, Joey Molland, and The Melismatics (Solem).

Members

* Danny Wilde (born June 3, 1956, Maine, U.S.)
* Phil Solem (born July 1, 1956, Duluth, Minnesota, U.S.)
* Mark Karan (previous member)

Discography

* The Rembrandts (1990) - US No. 88, AUT No. 23, SWE No. 43
* Untitled (1992)
* LP (1995) - US No. 23, UK No. 14, NZ No. 25 US: Platinum
* Spin This (Danny Wilde + The Rembrandts) (1998)
* Lost Together (2001)
* Choice Picks  (2005)
* Greatest Hits (2006)

Singles 

=
Question:
‘I’ll Be There For You’ by The Rembrandts is the theme tune to which US tv comedy series?
Answer:
Chandler and Joey's apartment
Passage:
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme? | Reference.com
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme? | Reference.com
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme?
A:
Quick Answer
"Jack Sprat" is a traditional English nursery rhyme whose main verse says, "Jack Sprat could eat no fat. His wife could eat no lean. And so between them both, you see, they licked the platter clean." Though it was likely sung by children long before, "Jack Sprat" was first published around 1765 in the compilation "Mother Goose's Melody."
Full Answer
According to Rhymes.org, a U.K. website devoted to nursery rhyme lyrics and origins, the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme has its origins in British history. In one interpretation, Jack Sprat was King Charles I, who ruled England in the early part of the 17th century, and his wife was Queen Henrietta Maria. Parliament refused to finance the king's war with Spain, which made him lean. However, the queen fattened the coffers by levying an illegal war tax.
In an alternative version, the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme is linked to King Richard and his brother John of the Robin Hood legend. Jack Sprat was King John, the usurper who tried to take over the crown when King Richard went off to fight in the Crusades in the 12th century. When King Richard was captured, John had to raise a ransom to rescue him, leaving the country lean. The wife was Joan, daughter of the Earl of Gloucester, the greedy wife of King John. However, after King Richard died and John became king, he had his marriage with Joan annulled.
Question:
"According to the nursery rhyme, who could ""eat no fat"", while his wife could ""eat no lean""?"
Answer:
Jack Spratt
Passage:
Oklo
Oklo is a region near the town of Franceville, in the Haut-Ogooué province of the Central African state of Gabon. Several natural nuclear fission reactors were discovered in the uranium mines in the region during 1972.

History

Gabon was a French colony when prospectors from the French nuclear energy commissariat (the industrial parts, which later became the COGEMA and later Areva NC) discovered uranium in the remote region in 1956. France immediately opened mines operated by Comuf (Compagnie des Mines d'Uranium de Franceville) near Mounana village in order to exploit the vast mineral resources and the State of Gabon was given a minority share in the company.

For forty years, France mined for uranium in Gabon. Once extracted, the uranium was used for electricity production in France and much of Europe. Today, however, the uranium deposits are exhausted, and the mine is no longer worked. Currently, mine reclamation work is ongoing in the region affected by the mine operations.

There is strong geochemical evidence that the Oklo uranium deposit behaved as a natural nuclear fission reactor in Precambrian times: some of the mined uranium was found to have a lower concentration of uranium-235 than expected, as if it had already been in a reactor. Geologists found that it had been in a reactor before—two billion years ago. At that time the natural uranium had a concentration of about 3% 235U, and could have gone critical with natural water as neutron moderator.
Question:
Oklo in Gabon, Africa is the only known place in the world where what reaction occurs naturally?
Answer:
Atomic fission
Passage:
Carat (mass)
The carat (ct) is a unit of mass equal to 200 mg (0.2 g; 0.007055 oz) and is used for measuring gemstones and pearls.
The current definition, sometimes known as the metric carat, was adopted in 1907 at the Fourth General Conference on Weights and Measures,  and soon afterwards in many countries around the world.  The carat is divisible into one hundred points of two milligrams each. Other subdivisions, and slightly different mass values, have been used in the past in different locations.

In terms of diamonds, a paragon is a flawless stone of at least 100 carats (20 g).

The ANSI X.12 EDI standard abbreviation for the carat is CD. 

Etymology

First attested in English in the mid-15th century, the word carat came from Italian carato, which came from Greek kerátion (κεράτιον) meaning carob seed (literally "small horn") and potentially from  Arabic qīrāṭ (قيراط).  
(diminutive of - keras, "horn" )
and was a unit of weight 
though it was not likely used to measure gold in classical times.
The Latin word for carat is siliqua.
This common belief that carat derives from carob seeds stems from the assumption that the seeds had unusually low variability in mass.

However, one group of researchers has found that carob seeds in fact have typical variability compared to the seeds of other species. 

This was not the only reason. It is said that, to keep regional buyers and sellers of gold honest, potential customers could retrieve their own carob seeds on their way to the market, to check the tolerances of the seeds used by the merchant. If this precaution was not taken, the potential customers would be at the mercy of "2 sets of carob seeds". One set of "heavier" carob seeds would be used when buying from a customer (making the seller's gold appear to be less). Another, lighter set of carob seeds would be used when the merchant wanted to sell to a customer.

In the past, each country had its own carat. It was often used for weighing gold. Starting in the 1570s, it was used to measure weights of diamonds.

Historical definitions

UK Board of Trade 

In the United Kingdom the original Board of Trade carat was exactly  grains (~3.170 gr);  in 1888, the Board of Trade carat was changed to exactly  grains (~3.168 gr).  Despite its being a non-metric unit, a number of metric countries have used this unit for its limited range of application.

The Board of Trade carat was divisible into four diamond grains,  but measurements were typically made in multiples of  carat.

Refiners' carats 

There were also two varieties of refiners' carats once used in the United Kingdom — the pound carat and the ounce carat.  The pound troy was divisible into 24 pound carats of 240 grains troy each; the pound carat was divisible into four pound grains of 60 grains troy each; and the pound grain was divisible into four pound quarters of 15 grains troy each. Likewise, the ounce troy was divisible into 24 ounce carats of 20 grains troy each; the ounce carat was divisible into four ounce grains of 5 grains troy each; and the ounce grain was divisible into four ounce quarters of  grains troy each. 

Greco-Roman 

The solidus was also a Roman weight unit. There is literary evidence that the weight of 72 coins of the type called solidus was exactly 1 Roman pound, and that the weight of 1 solidus was 24 siliquae. The weight of a Roman pound is generally believed to have been 327.45 g or possibly up to 5 g less. Therefore, the metric equivalent of 1 siliqua was approximately 189 mg. The Greeks had a similar unit of the same value. 

Gold fineness in carats comes from carats and grains of gold in a solidus of coin. One solidus 24 carats, 1 carat 
 4 grains, is preserved right up to this day. Woolhouse's Measures, Weights and Moneys of all Nations  gives gold fineness in carats of 4 grains, and silver in (pound) of 12 ounces each 20 dwt.

Notes
Question:
Pure gold is denoted by how many carats?
Answer:
24
Passage:
Code of a Killer (TV Mini-Series 2015) - IMDb
Code of a Killer (TV Mini-Series 2015) - IMDb
Code of a Killer 
The story of Alec Jeffreys' discovery of DNA fingerprinting and its first use by DCS David Baker in catching a double murderer.
Stars:
a list of 37 titles
created 16 Jul 2011
a list of 37 titles
created 22 Feb 2012
a list of 42 titles
created 31 Mar 2014
a list of 28 titles
created 09 Sep 2015
a list of 36 titles
created 29 Dec 2015
Title: Code of a Killer (2015– )
7.7/10
Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below.
You must be a registered user to use the IMDb rating plugin.
Add Image Add an image
Do you have any images for this title?
On the run accused of a terrible crime, Manchester Detective Marcus Farrow tries to prove his innocence while being hunted by his former friends and colleagues.
Stars: Rosie Cavaliero,  Daniel Jillings,  Darren Whitfield
A father and son story, with a thriller motor. It explores a mystery from the past with a brutal and shocking revelation.
Stars: John Simm,  Jim Broadbent,  Olivia Colman
Police start to investigate when the bones of a young man are found under the footings of a demolished house 39 years after his murder.
Stars: Nicola Walker,  Sanjeev Bhaskar,  Jordan Long
Safe House (TV Series 2015)
Crime | Drama | Thriller
A married ex police couple are asked by a police officer and their close friend to turn their remote Guest House into a Safe House.
Stars: Christopher Eccleston,  Marsha Thomason,  Paterson Joseph
A young couple move into an apartment only to find the body of a young woman that had been missing for 2 years but never registered as missing which leads to a deeper investigation into what actually happened.
Stars: David Threlfall,  Denise Gough,  Lisa Millett
Black Work (TV Mini-Series 2015)
Crime | Drama | Thriller
A policewoman sets out to discover who murdered her husband, an undercover officer.
Stars: Sheridan Smith,  Matthew McNulty,  Oliver Woollford
Place of Execution (TV Mini-Series 2008)
Crime | Drama | Mystery
A young girl mysteriously vanishes from her English village home. 45 years later, a journalist's attempts to make a documentary on the case threaten to shatter the lives of all involved.
Stars: Lee Ingleby,  Emma Cunniffe,  Philip Jackson
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 6.4/10 X  
25 years ago, Jane saw a man killing her mother. Today, she's a well adjusted wife and mother herself. While having a physical, she notices a doctor who looks like the killer and reports him. No one believes her - except one cop.
Stars: Claire Goose,  Alisha Kelly,  Felix Scott
Glasgow 1982, a young girl investigates mysterious murders in a world of men.
Stars: Matt Costello,  Jayd Johnson,  Bronagh Gallagher
Chasing Shadows I (TV Mini-Series 2014)
Crime | Drama | Mystery
A missing persons unit investigate serial killers who target the impressionable and vulnerable.
Stars: Reece Shearsmith,  Alex Kingston,  Don Warrington
The Secret (TV Mini-Series 2016)
Drama | Thriller
The Secret is the story of a real-life double murder. James Nesbitt plays Colin Howell, a respectable dentist and pillar of the community, who became a killer in partnership with a Sunday ... See full summary  »
Stars: James Nesbitt,  Genevieve O'Reilly,  Patrick O'Kane
A supernatural drama telling the story of three different families living in the same house in 1968, 1987 and the present day, linked by the spirit of the young daughter of the 1960s family, who drowned in mysterious circumstances.
Stars: Alex Kingston,  Dean Andrews,  Shelley Conn
Edit
Storyline
DCS David Baker headed up the investigation into the brutal murders of two Leicestershire schoolgirls between 1983 and 1987. Only a few miles away, Dr Alec Jeffreys, was a scientist at Leicester University who, on 10 September 1984, invented a remarkable technique to read each individual's unique DNA fingerprint. When a local teenager admitted to one of the murders but not the other, Baker asked Jeffreys to analyze the DNA evidence left at the crime scenes. Both men were shocked to discover that the teenager was innocent, his confession false. DCS Baker then took the extraordinarily brave step to launch the world's first ever DNA manhunt, testing over five thousand local men to track down the killer. Written by dvd
Did You Know?
Trivia
Ripley Village Hall in Surrey became Narborough Village Hall, Leicestershire for exterior and interior location filming. See more »
Connections
(Estonia/Tallinn) – See all my reviews
I am aware that planning and creating a feature film/series when many people know of the course of events and ending is a challenge, with the need to emphasize other elements, e.g. acting, background, directing, etc. In spite of the fact that the events happened "before my time" in a different country, I could still guess the outcome, and many decisions probably relevant then seem odd and questionable at present. The result for me is a half-documentary and protracted depiction with "not-among- the-finest" actors in the leading roles, with focus on hesitations instead of implementation and, in retrospect, odd blunders by the local police.
Both the director (James Strong) and John Simm and David Threlfall have participated in more integral and more interesting works, but if you like docudramas and are not too young, then Code of a Killer is definitely above average.
2 of 3 people found this review helpful.  Was this review helpful to you?
Yes
Question:
"Who played Alex Jeffreys, the discoverer of genetic fingerprinting, in the recent ITV drama ""The Code of a Killer"", the story of the first murderer convicted by DNA?"
Answer:
Johnsimm
Passage:
The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me
The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me is a 1985 children's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake. It's about a young boy, Billy, who meets a giraffe, pelican and monkey who work as window cleaners.

Story

The story itself is told from the point of view of Billy, a young boy who has always dreamed of owning a sweet shop. His ambition is strengthened by the fact that there is an abandoned building named The Grubber (an old English word for a sweet shop) near where he lives. One day, he finds that the old building has been renovated and has become the head office for the Ladderless Window-Cleaning Company. Billy then meets its workers: a Giraffe with an extendable neck; a Pelican (or "Pelly" as he is called by the others) who has a flexible upper beak; and a singing and dancing Monkey, all of whom he quickly befriends. Having only recently arrived in England, all the animals are finding it hard to acquire the right foods to feed them all. These include fish for the Pelican (especially his favourite salmon); walnuts for the Monkey; and pink and purple Tinkle-Tinkle tree flowers for the Giraffe (who happens to be a "Geranious Giraffe", and therefore can eat no food other than these flowers). Billy and the animals all band together when they receive a letter from the Duke of Hampshire asking them to clean the 677 windows of Hampshire House.

When they get there, things go smoothly until the Giraffe and the Monkey, while cleaning the windows of the Duchess's bedroom, spot a burglar who attempts to steal the Duchess's jewels. The Pelican then flies in and catches the burglar in his beak, holding him prisoner there. Then the burglar keeps shooting which ends up puncturing the beak. Soon the police arrive to arrest the burglar, whom the Chief of Police identifies as "The Cobra", one of the world's most dangerous cat burglars.

As a reward for retrieving the Duchess's jewels, the Duke invites the Ladderless Window-Cleaning Company to live on his estate as his personal helpers. Since he is owner of the only Tinkle-Tinkle tree plantation in England, as well as thousands of walnut trees and an enormous salmon river, all three starving animals have found the answer to their prayers. Billy's dreams also come true because the Giraffe, Pelican and Monkey will no longer need the Grubber building; with a little help from the Duke, the Grubber is revived into the most fantastic sweet shop for miles around, and the story ends with Billy running the shop and the Ladderless Window Cleaning Company continuing their business.

Characters

* Billy,
* The Giraffe
* The Pelican
* The Monkey
* The Duke and Duchess's Chauffeur
* The Duke of Hampshire
* The Duchess of Hampshire (Henrietta)
* The Cobra (a dangerous thief)
* The Policemen
* The Duke
* Kids

Relations to other Roald Dahl books

* When Billy reopens The Grubber he chooses to sell sweets made by the Willy Wonka company which features in Dahl's earlier novels Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator.

Editions

* ISBN 0-224-06493-2 (hardcover, 2003)
* ISBN 0-224-02999-1 (hardcover, 1985)
* ISBN 0-14-131127-4 (paperback, 2004)
* ISBN 0-14-056819-0 (paperback, 2004)
* ISBN 0-14-036527-3 (paperback, 1993)
* ISBN 0-14-050566-0 (paperback, 1987)
Question:
"Which animal is ""Me"" in Roald Dahl's book, 'The Giraffe And The Pelly And Me'?"
Answer:
Monkey.
