Passage:
John Bellingham
John Bellingham (c. 1769 - 18 May 1812) was the assassin of British Prime Minister Spencer Perceval. This murder is the only assassination of a British Prime Minister.

Early life

Bellingham's early life is largely unknown,  and most post-assassination biographies included speculation as fact. Recollections of family and friends show that Bellingham was born in St Neots, Huntingdonshire,  and brought up in London, where he was apprenticed to a jeweller, James Love, at age fourteen. Two years later, he went as a midshipman on the maiden voyage of the Hartwell from Gravesend to China. A mutiny took place on 22 May 1787, which led to the ship running aground and sinking.

In early 1794, a man named John Bellingham opened a tin factory on London's Oxford Street, but it failed and the owner was declared bankrupt in March. It is not certain this is he, but Bellingham definitely worked as a clerk in a counting house in the late 1790s, and about 1800 he went to Arkhangelsk, Russia, as an agent for importers and exporters. He returned to England in 1802 and was a merchant broker in Liverpool. He married Mary Neville in 1803. In the summer of 1804, Bellingham again went to Arkhangelsk to work as an export representative.

Russian imprisonment

In autumn 1803, the Russian ship Soleure  (or sometimes "Sojus"), insured at Lloyd's of London, had been lost in the White Sea. Her owners (the house of R. Van Brienen) filed a claim on their insurance, but an anonymous letter told Lloyd's the ship had been sabotaged. Soloman Van Brienen believed Bellingham was the author, and retaliated by accusing him of a debt of 4,890 roubles to a bankruptcy of which he was an assignee. Bellingham, about to return from Russia to Britain on 16 November 1804, had his travelling pass withdrawn because of the alleged debt.

Van Brienen persuaded the local Governor-General to imprison Bellingham, and he was placed in a Russian jail. One year later, Bellingham secured his release and went to Saint Petersburg, where he attempted to impeach the Governor-General. This angered the Russian authorities, who charged him with leaving Arkhangelsk in a clandestine manner. He was again imprisoned until October 1808, when he was put out onto the streets, but still without permission to leave. In desperation, he petitioned the Tsar. He was allowed to leave Russia in 1809, arriving in England in December.

Assassination of the Prime Minister

Once home, Bellingham began petitioning the United Kingdom's government for compensation over his imprisonment. This was refused, as the United Kingdom had broken off diplomatic relations with Russia in November 1808. Bellingham's wife urged him to drop the matter and he reluctantly did.

In 1812, Bellingham renewed his attempts to win compensation. On 18 April, he went to the Foreign Office where a civil servant told him he was at liberty to take whatever measures he thought proper. On 20 April, Bellingham purchased two .50 calibre (12.7 mm) pistols from a gunsmith of 58 Skinner Street. He also had a tailor sew an inside pocket to his coat. At this time, he was often seen in the lobby of the House of Commons.

After taking a friend's family to a painting exhibition on 11 May 1812, Bellingham remarked that he had some business to attend to. He made his way to Parliament, where he waited in the lobby. When Prime Minister Spencer Perceval appeared, Bellingham stepped forward and shot him in the heart. He then calmly sat on a bench. Bellingham was immediately restrained and was identified by Isaac Gascoyne, MP for Liverpool.

Trial, execution and legacy

John Bellingham was tried on Friday 15 May 1812 at the Old Bailey, where he argued that he would have preferred to shoot the British Ambassador to Russia, but insisted as a wronged man he was justified in killing the representative of his oppressors.

He made a formal statement to the court, saying: 
 
"Recollect, Gentlemen, what was my situation.
Recollect that my family was ruined and myself destroyed, merely because it was Mr Perceval's pleasure that justice should not be granted; sheltering himself behind the imagined security of his station, and trampling upon law and right in the belief that no retribution could reach him.
I demand only my right, and not a favour; I demand what is the birthright and privilege of every Englishman.

Gentlemen, when a minister sets himself above the laws, as Mr Perceval did, he does it as his own personal risk. If this were not so, the mere will of the minister would become the law, and what would then become of your liberties?

I trust that this serious lesson will operate as a warning to all future ministers, and that they will henceforth do the thing that is right, for if the upper ranks of society are permitted to act wrong with impunity, the inferior ramifications will soon become wholly corrupted.

Gentlemen, my life is in your hands, I rely confidently in your justice."

Evidence was presented that Bellingham was insane, but it was discounted by the trial judge, Sir James Mansfield. Bellingham was found guilty and sentenced to hang.

The sentence was carried out in public three days later. René Martin Pillet, a Frenchman who wrote an account of his ten years in England, described the sentiment of the crowd at the execution: 

"Farewell poor man, you owe satisfaction to the offended laws of your country, but God bless you! you have rendered an important service to your country, you have taught ministers that they should do justice, and grant audience when it is asked of them." 

A subscription was raised for the widow and children of Bellingham, and "their fortune was ten times greater than they could ever have expected in any other circumstances". His widow remarried the following year.

Bellingham's skull was preserved at Barts Pathology Museum. 

Bibliography

*David C. Hanrahan, The Assassination of the Prime Minister: John Bellingham and the Murder of Spencer Perceval (2008).
Question:
Who was assassinated by John Bellingham?
Answer:
Spencer Perceval
Passage:
Anything You Can Do (song)
"Anything You Can Do" is a song composed by Irving Berlin for the 1946 Broadway musical, Annie Get Your Gun.   The song is a duet, with one male singer and one female singer attempting to outdo each other in increasingly complex tasks. 

In the musical, the song sets the scene for the climactic sharpshooting contest between Annie Oakley and Frank Butler.  Its most memorable lines are, "Anything you can do I can do better; I can do anything better than you." The song was first performed in Annie Get Your Gun by Ethel Merman and Ray Middleton. 

During the song, they argue playfully about who can, for example, sing softer, sing higher, sing sweeter, and hold a note for longer, and boast of their abilities and accomplishments, such as opening safes and living on bread and cheese, although Annie always seems to counter Frank's argument. Neither can "bake a pie," though. 

Notable versions

* Ethel Merman and Howard Keel (1950)
* Betty Hutton and Howard Keel in the 1950 film version of the musical
* Doris Day and Robert Goulet (1963)
* Mary Martin and John Raitt on the National Tour recording
* Ethel Merman and Bruce Yarnell in the 1966 revival recording.
* Dusty Springfield and Freddie Paris on Bandstand (1967).
* Robert Morse and an office computer in 1968 TV series That's Life, episode S1E11 "Bobby's Pink Slip" 
* Ethel Merman and Miss Piggy (1976) in The Muppet Show, episode 1.22
* In 1977, Tina Arena and John Bowles recorded a version for their album Tiny Tina and Little John. 
* In 1990, Kidsongs released Ride the Roller Coaster, which contained a version of this song.
* Fran Drescher and Madeline Zima (1994) in The Nanny, episode S1E22 "I Don't Remember Mama"
* Michael Jordan and Mia Hamm, Gatorade "Michael vs. Mia" commercial (1997), performed by Sophia Ramos
* Bernadette Peters and Tom Wopat in the 1999 Broadway revival version of the musical
* Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso in a 2007 Mercedes-Benz commercial with Mika Häkkinen performing the last line.
* American rapper J. Cole used the "Anything you can do" line in his single "Who Dat".
* Blaire Elbert and Madeline Powell Cactus Cuties Performed at Cactus Theatere in Texas.
*Julianne Hough and Derek Hough  on their Move Live on Tour 
* Barbara Walters and Howard Cosell on Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell in 1975 debating who interviews people better.
* Lindsay Pearce sang a mashup of "Anything Goes"/"Anything You Can Do" in the Glee third season premiere, "The Purple Piano Project".
*Dirty Rice sampled the opening lines of the song in the 116 Clique song "Envy" off the 2011 album Man Up by the 116 Clique.

Other recorded versions

* Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney (from "Carousel")
* Bing Crosby and Dick Haymes with The Andrews Sisters (1947)
* Mary Martin and John Raitt (1957)
* Ethel Merman and Bruce Yarnell (1966)
* Ethel Merman and Neilson Taylor (1973)
* Judy Garland and Howard Keel (Pre-Production of film Annie Get Your Gun) 
* The Majors
* Von Trapp Children (Song is on their Live in Concert DVD.)

Variants

* Peter Tosh: "I'm the Toughest"
Question:
"In the song ""Anything you can do"", despite the many claims of their achievements, which task did both hero and heroine confess to be unable to do?"
Answer:
BAKE A PIE
Passage:
Nottingham Goose Fair
The Nottingham Goose Fair is an annual travelling funfair held at the Forest Recreation Ground in Nottingham, England, during the first week of October, with the next fair starting on the 5 October 2016.  It is largely provided by showmen (travelling fair people). It is one of only three established fairs in the United Kingdom to carry the name, the others being the smaller Goosey Fair in Tavistock, Devon, and the even smaller Michaelmas Goose Fayre in Colyford in East Devon.

History

The fair dates back more than 700 years. The consensus among historians is that the fair probably started just after 1284, when the Charter of King Edward I referred to city fairs in Nottingham.  The Goose Fair was cancelled due to the bubonic plague in 1646 and again during the two World Wars in the 20th century. 1927 was the last year it was held in Old Market Square in Nottingham City Centre; it was then moved to the Forest Recreation Ground because of redevelopment of the Square.

The Goose Fair started as a trade event and enjoyed a reputation for its high-quality cheese, although it is now known for its rides and games. Its name is derived from the thousands of geese that were driven from Lincolnshire to be sold in Nottingham.

Originally, the fair was held on 21 September, but in 1752, with the change to the Gregorian calendar, it moved to early October. The duration of the fair was shortened from eight days to three days in the 1800s.

Recent history

Nottingham Goose Fair is considered by many people to be one of the most prestigious fairs in the UK. However, in recent years, the dates of the fair have created a problem, as it now overlaps with the Hull Fair. Some of the top rides from the Goose Fair have therefore to travel directly from Nottingham to Hull, not opening at Hull until around the fourth day of the fair. This was averted for 2013 by having Hull Fair start a week later than usual.

It is now held at the Forest Recreation Ground. After the turn of the 21st century its length was increased again to four days, for the 700th anniversary, and was kept like this afterwards. For 2006, the fair increased to five days with the addition of limited opening hours on the Sunday afternoon. However it proved unprofitable to open on the Sunday, so this was not repeated in 2007 although it was opened for 5 days again from 2009.

Goose Fair has seldom been affected by violence, but in 2004, a girl, Danielle Beccan, 14, was fatally shot as she walked home from the Goose Fair through the St. Ann's estate, over a mile from the fair.  Following the murder, The Guardian reported that the Goose Fair period was traditionally a time of tension between rival groups, but Danielle herself was not in a gang.  Two people were convicted of the murder. 

In art and popular culture

The painting Nottingham Goose Fair by Noel Denholm Davis (1910) is held by Nottingham City Museums and Galleries. 
The Nottingham-based artist Arthur Spooner painted The Goose Fair, Nottingham in 1926.   The painting was sold at Christie's in 2004  and is now displayed in Nottingham Castle.

The book English Journey by J. B. Priestley contains an account of the author's visit to the Goose Fair in 1933. One of Cecil Roberts's books, published in 1928, is called Goose Fair.

The goose fair has been used in television programmes as well as in films such as The Woman for Joe and Saturday Night and Sunday Morning.

The writer D. H. Lawrence would, while living in London between 1908 and 1912, return home to Nottingham every year to visit the Goose Fair.

The short story "Noah's Ark" by Alan Sillitoe is set in the Goose Fair.
Question:
The Goose Fair is held annually in which British city?
Answer:
County Borough of Nottingham
Passage:
Corriedale
Corriedale sheep are a dual purpose breed, meaning they are used both in the production of wool and meat. The Corriedale is the oldest of all the crossbred breeds, a Merino-Lincoln cross developed almost simultaneously in Australia and New Zealand  and first brought to the United States in 1914. The Corriedale is internationally farmed, in Australia, New Zealand, the United States of America and Patagonia. Corriedales are one of the most popular sheep breeds in Uruguay. On the Falkland Islands, Polwarth and Corriedale form the main sheep breeds. 

Appearance and behavior

Corriedale have a long life span, and are hardy and evenly balanced all over the body. Corriedales are docile, easy care mothers, with high fertility. They adapt well to a wide range of climate conditions. They are large framed and plain bodied, polled (hornless) and have a broad body. Corriedales produce a thick stapled, bulky fleece, which is popular with spinners and can be used for a range of handspun garments. Their dense fleece is medium-fine and high yielding, with good length and softness, somewhat between medium wool and long wool. Corriedale lambs produce good quality carcases and have a high pelt value.

The Corriedale produces bulky, high-yielding wool ranging from 31.5 to 24.5 microns  diameter. Fleece from a mature ewe will weigh 10 to with a staple length of .  After cleaning, a yield of 50 to 60% of the raw fleece weight is common.  Mature rams will weigh 175 to, ewes can weigh from 130 to. 

History

This breed was developed in Australia and New Zealand by extensive breeding and culling as a cross between Merino and Lincoln sheep.  The goal was to develop a breed that would thrive in lower rainfall areas and supply long staple wool. James Little was the original breeder and the name comes from a property in the South Island, where he conducted his work under the encouragement of NZALC superindent, William Soltau Davidson. 

The breed was developed between 1868 and 1910. As a dual purpose breed of sheep (good for meat and wool), the Corriedale breed was gradually distributed to many of the sheep-raising areas in the world. For example, the first Corriedales came to the United States in 1914. The Corriedale was later used as one of the parents of the U.S.-developed Targhee breed. Corriedale sheep also contribute about 50 percent of the genetics used in the Gromark breed of sheep that were developed in Australia.
Question:
What kind of animal is a Corriedale?
Answer:
Sheep
Passage:
Hobson's Choice (play)
Hobson's Choice is a play by Harold Brighouse, the title taken from the popular expression, Hobson's choice — meaning no choice at all (from Thomas Hobson 1545–1631 who ran a thriving livery stable in Cambridge).

The first production was at the Princess Theatre in New York.  It then transferred to London on 24 June 1916 at the Apollo Theatre, before moving to the Prince of Wales Theatre on 20 November 1916 (starring Norman McKinnel).  The play was adapted for film several times and as a Broadway musical. The Crucible Theatre Sheffield staged a revival in June 2011 directed by Christopher Luscombe and starring  Barrie Rutter, Zoe Waites and Philip McGinley.

The story is set in Salford in 1880.  It bears many resemblances to the stories of Cinderella and King Lear: Deceased mother; three daughters, two of whom are pretty and frivolous, the third of whom is clever and hardworking; a fairy godmother (Mrs. Hepworth). 

Roles

*Henry Horatio Hobson
*Maggie Hobson (Hobson's oldest daughter)
*Alice Hobson (Hobson's daughter)
*Vickey Hobson (Hobson's daughter)
*Mrs. Hepworth (a wealthy customer of Hobson's)
*William Mossop (Maggie Hobson's conquest, with whom she eventually develops love)
*Albert Prosser (a lawyer; in love with Alice)
*Fred Beenstock  (in love with Vickey)
*Timothy “Tubby” Wadlow
*Hisham Heeler
*Ada Figgins
*Dr. MacFarlane

Plot

A shoemaker, Henry Hobson,  has three daughters: Maggie, Alice and Vickey. The daughters work in the shop unpaid. Hobson spends his time drinking with the fellow members of the masons at the 'Moonrakers' pub.

One day, Mrs Hepworth, a rich customer of Hobson, demands to know who made her boots: it is Hobson's underpaid bootmaker, Will Mossop. She insists that all her and her daughters' boots must from now on be made by Will, and tells him to inform her if ever he should leave Hobson's. Maggie, who is a talented businesswoman and considered too old and plain to marry, proposes marriage to Will.  Will reluctantly agrees.  When Hobson comes back, she tells him that she intends to marry Will, but he laughs at her, and threatens to beat Will for courting her.  At this, Will leaves the shop, and Maggie goes with him. They borrow £100 from Mrs Hepworth, set up a shop on their own, and marry as soon as the banns of marriage have been called.

A month later, Hobson falls into the warehouse belonging to the father of Fred Beenstock, Vickey's love. Maggie comes back to tell her sisters that she is going to marry them off herself. Hobson has refused to settle any money on them, without which they are unlikely to find decent husbands. With the help of lawyer Albert Prosser, Alice's love, they issue a writ claiming damages from Hobson for trespass, damage to corn sacks and spying on trade secrets. Hobson eventually agrees to pay, the money is settled on the girls and they can now get married.

Thanks to Will's skill as a bootmaker and Maggie's business acumen, their shop is very successful and, within a year, they have taken nearly all of Hobson's trade.  Hobson is almost bankrupt and drinking himself to death.  After an attack of delirium tremens, he asks each of his daughters to look after him.  They all refuse, but eventually Maggie agrees to do so provided that Will takes over his business, with Hobson remaining as a 'sleeping partner' only.

Adaptations

;Film and television
The play has been filmed several times, originally as a silent film in 1920, with Joan Ritz as Maggie and Arthur Pitt as her father.  It was filmed again with sound in 1931, with James Harcourt as Hobson, Frank Pettingell as Mossop, Joan Maude as Alice, and Viola Lyel as Maggie.  The best-known film version is that of 1954 directed by David Lean. It starred Charles Laughton as Hobson and Brenda De Banzie as Maggie. John Mills played Will Mossop, Maggie's suitor, and Prunella Scales made her second film appearance as Vicky Hobson.

It was Americanized in the 1983 TV version, set in 1914 New Orleans, starring Jack Warden as Hobson, Sharon Gless as Maggie, and Richard Thomas as Will. It was broadcast on CBS TV on December 21, 1983. The New York Times review summarized the story line thus: "Burt Prelutsky's script transposes the setting to New Orleans, and the year, for whatever arbitrary reason, is 1914. Henry Horatio Hobson, owner of a successful shoe store, is still a carousing drunk, complaining about how fate has saddled him with three daughters. Maggie, his eldest, can barely conceal her contempt for daddy's more outrageous ways, and she is determined to get out from under his domination. As her vehicle toward that end, she chooses Will, a gentle and illiterate master shoemaker working in Hobson's basement." The review goes on:"Much of the problem would seem to be rooted in the casting. Jack Warden is an accomplished actor but he is at his best in the big-city settings of New York, Chicago or Los Angeles. He is not terribly persuasive as a New Orleans gentleman, albeit a drunken one. Sharon Gless is more successful with Maggie, giving the character an admirably unyielding integrity. But her performance doesn't quite jibe with that of Richard Thomas as Will." 

;Broadway
The 1966 Broadway musical Walking Happy is based on the play. 

;Ballet
An English ballet adaptation of the same title, with choreography by David Bintley and music by Paul Reade, premiered on 13 February 1989 by Sadler's Wells Royal Ballet at Covent Garden, London.   A video production of the ballet has been seen on television broadcasts  and released on DVD. 

West End

The Vaudeville Theatre had a decent performance with Martin Shaw playing Hobson.
Question:
Which English dramatistwrote 'Hobson's Choice'?
Answer:
Harold Brighouse
Passage:
Pelvic floor
The pelvic floor or pelvic diaphragm is composed of muscle fibers of the levator ani, the coccygeus muscle, and associated connective tissue which span the area underneath the pelvis. The pelvic diaphragm is a muscular partition formed by the levatores ani and coccygei, with which may be included the parietal pelvic fascia on their upper and lower aspects. The pelvic floor separates the pelvic cavity above from the perineal region (including perineum) below.

Structure

The right and left levator ani lie almost horizontally in the floor of the pelvis, separated by a narrow gap that transmits the urethra, vagina, and anal canal. The levator ani is usually considered in three parts: pubococcygeus, puborectalis, and iliococcygeus. The pubococcygeus, the main part of the levator, runs backward from the body of the pubis toward the coccyx and may be damaged during parturition. Some fibers are inserted into the prostate, urethra, and vagina. The right and left puborectalis unite behind the anorectal junction to form a muscular sling. Some regard them as a part of the sphincter ani externus. The iliococcygeus, the most posterior part of the levator ani, is often poorly developed.

The coccygeus, situated behind the levator ani and frequently tendinous as much as muscular, extends from the ischial spine to the lateral margin of the sacrum and coccyx.

The pelvic cavity of the true pelvis has the pelvic floor as its inferior border (and the pelvic brim as its superior border).  The perineum has the pelvic floor as its superior border.

Some sources do not consider "pelvic floor" and "pelvic diaphragm" to be identical, with the "diaphragm" consisting of only the levator ani and coccygeus, while the "floor" also includes the perineal membrane and deep perineal pouch.  However, other sources include the fascia as part of the diaphragm. In practice, the two terms are often used interchangeably.

Posteriorly, the pelvic floor extends into the anal triangle.

The pelvic floor has two hiatuses (gaps): Anteriorly urogenital hiatus through which urethra and vagina pass through and posteriorly rectal hiatus through which anal canal passes. 

Function

It is important in providing support for pelvic viscera (organs), e.g. the bladder, intestines, the uterus (in females), and in maintenance of continence as part of the urinary and anal sphincters. It facilitates birth by resisting the descent of the presenting part, causing the fetus to rotate forwards to navigate through the pelvic girdle. It helps maintain optimal intra-abdominal pressure.

Clinical significance

In women, the levator muscles or their supplying nerves can be damaged in pregnancy or childbirth. There is some evidence that these muscles may also be damaged during a hysterectomy.  Pelvic surgery using the "perineal approach" (between the anus and coccyx) is an established cause of damage to the pelvic floor. This surgery includes coccygectomy.

In female high-level athletes, perineal trauma is rare and is associated with certain sports (each with a distinct type of trauma): water-skiing, bicycle racing, and equestrian sports. 

Damage to the pelvic floor not only contributes to urinary incontinence but can lead to pelvic organ prolapse.  Pelvic organ prolapse occurs in women when pelvic organs (e.g. the vagina, bladder, rectum, or uterus) protrude into or outside of the vagina.  The causes of pelvic organ prolapse are not unlike those that also contribute to urinary incontinence.  These include inappropriate (asymmetrical, excessive, insufficient) muscle tone and asymmetries caused by trauma to the pelvis.  Age, pregnancy, family history, and hormonal status all contribute to the development of pelvic organ prolapse.  The vagina is suspended by attachments to the perineum, pelvic side wall and sacrum via attachments that include collagen, elastin, and smooth muscle.  Surgery can be performed to repair pelvic floor muscles.  The pelvic floor muscles can be strengthened with Kegel exercises.

Disorders of the posterior pelvic floor include rectal prolapse, rectocele, perineal hernia, and a number of functional disorders including anismus.  Constipation due to any of these disorders is called "functional constipation" and is identifiable by clinical diagnostic criteria. 

Pelvic floor exercise (PFE), also known as Kegel exercises, may improve the tone and function of the pelvic floor muscles, which is of particular benefit for women (and less commonly men) who experience stress urinary incontinence.    However, compliance with PFE programs often is poor, PFE generally is ineffective for urinary incontinence unless performed with biofeedback and trained supervision, and in severe cases it may have no benefit.  Pelvic floor muscle tone may be estimated using a perineometer, which measures the pressure within the vagina.  Medication may also be used to improve continence.  In severe cases, surgery may be used to repair or even to reconstruct the pelvic floor.

Perineology or pelviperineology is a speciality dealing with the functional troubles of the three axes (urological, gynaecological and coloproctological) of the pelvic floor.
Question:
Named for the gynecologist that invented them, what exercises for the pelvic muscles were originally developed to combat incontinence?
Answer:
Kegel (disambiguation)
Passage:
Windsor Davies
Windsor Davies (born 28 August 1930 in Canning Town, West Ham, Essex)  is a British actor who is best known for playing the part of Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the British sitcom It Ain't Half Hot Mum (1974–81).

Life and career

Davies was born in Canning Town, London,  to Welsh parents, who returned to their native Nant-y-Moel when the Second World War began in 1939. Davies studied at Ogmore Grammar School and Bangor Teacher Training College. He worked as a teacher at Mountside School for Boys in Leek, Staffordshire and did national service in Libya and Egypt  with the East Surrey Regiment between 1950-1952 before deciding to become an actor. 

Davies' best known role was as Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the British sitcom It Ain't Half Hot Mum (1974–81). Among his catchphrases was "Shut Up!", delivered as an eardrum-shattering military scream.  Another phrase was "Oh dear, how sad, never mind", delivered in a dry, ironic manner, and used when others around him had problems. Davies and co-star Don Estelle had a number one hit in the UK with a semi-comic version of "Whispering Grass" in 1975. 

Other television roles included the sailor Taffy in the first of the BBC-series The Onedin Line (1971) and the antique dealer Oliver Smallbridge in Never the Twain (1981–91), with Donald Sinden. In the field of science fiction television, Davies appeared in the 1967 Doctor Who story The Evil of the Daleks as Toby; and was the voice of Sergeant Major Zero (a spherical robotic soldier in charge of 100 other spherical robotic soldiers) in the 1983 Gerry Anderson/Christopher Burr production Terrahawks (another callback to his days in It Ain't Half Hot Mum). In 2004, Davies played an elderly night porter in the BBC sitcom My Family (in the episode "Going Dental").

On film, Davies  played major roles in two later Carry On films, Behind (1975) and England (1976) - in the latter as yet another sergeant major. He played Mog in the classic Welsh film Grand Slam (1978) 

Davies has performed a large amount of advertising voice-over work, and his distinctive, deep voice could be heard as New Zealand's Pink Batts house insulations and confectionery ads for Cadbury's Wispa and also for Heinz Curried (Baked) Beans with his catchphrase, "Beans for the connoisseur". He also appeared alongside New Zealand rugby union coach Alex Wyllie in New Zealand advertisements for Mitre 10 hardware stores in the early 1990s.  In the 1970s, Davies read an edition of Radio Four's Morning Story programme. He played a sergeant in the Highland Regiment in Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall (1972) with Jim Dale and Spike Milligan. He auditioned to be the voice of the UK's speaking clock in 1984.

Windsor Davies has also narrated the audiobook for the Ladybird children's classic Treasure Island written by Robert Louis Stevenson.

Now retired, he lives in the South of France. 

Filmography

* The Pot Carriers (1962)
* Murder Most Foul (1964)
* The Alphabet Murders (1965)
* Arabesque (1966)
* The Family Way (1966)
* Drop Dead Darling (1966)
* Hammerhead (1968)
* Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed (1969)
*  UFO (1970)
* Clinic Exclusive (1971)
* Endless Night (1972)
* Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall (1972)
* Soft Beds, Hard Battles (1974)
* It Ain't Half Hot Mum (TV, 1974–81)
* Mister Quilp (1975)
* Carry On Behind (1975)
* Confessions of a Driving Instructor (1976)
* Not Now, Comrade (1976)
* Carry On England (1976)
* The Playbirds (1978)
* Grand Slam (1978)
* Terrahawks (1983–86)
* Gabrielle and the Doodleman (1984)
* Rupert and the Frog Song (1984)
* Old Scores (1991)
* The Princess and the Cobbler (1993)
* Mosley (1997)
* Gormenghast (1999)
* 2point4 Children (1999)
* Casualty (2000)
* My Family, in the episode "Going Dental" (2004)

Notes
Question:
Which army rank does actor Windsor Davies play in the UK television series ‘It Ain’t Half Hot Mum’?
Answer:
Squadron sergeant major
Passage:
Point Counter Point
Point Counter Point is a novel by Aldous Huxley, first published in 1928. It is Huxley's longest novel, and was notably more complex and serious than his earlier fiction.

In 1998, the Modern Library ranked Point Counter Point 44th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.

Title and construction

The novel's title is a reference to the flow of arguments in a debate, and a series of these exchanges tell the story. Instead of a single central plot, there are a number of interlinked storylines and recurring themes (as in musical "counterpoint"). Many of the characters are based on real people, most of whom Huxley knew personally.

Main characters and storylines

Some of the main characters include:
* Walter Bidlake, a young journalist. A weak and ineffectual man, Walter is living with Marjorie Carling, a married woman whose husband refuses to grant her a divorce. Marjorie is pregnant with Walter's child, but their relationship is disintegrating, largely because Walter has fallen desperately in love with the sexually aggressive and independent Lucy Tantamount (based on Nancy Cunard, with whom Huxley had a similarly unsatisfactory affair).
* John Bidlake, Walter's father, a painter (based on Augustus John). He is famous for his work and for his scandalous love life. However, his recent paintings show a creative decline, which he himself recognises but refuses to admit. He has an illness which is eventually diagnosed as terminal cancer.
* Philip Quarles, a writer (a self-portrait of Huxley) and his wife Elinor, John Bidlake's daughter. They return from India to England. Quarles is a withdrawn, cerebral man, ill at ease with the everyday world and its emotions; Elinor loves him, but is tempted to enter into an affair with the bold and attractive Everard Webley, a political demagogue and leader of his own quasi-military group, the Brotherhood of British Freemen. (Webley is often assumed to be based on Oswald Mosley, but there are reasons for doubting this: see below.) Quarles' father, Sidney, is unlike his son: outwardly impressive, he is in reality pretentious, feeble and self-indulgent. An undistinguished MP and failed businessman, he has retired from public life, supposedly to concentrate on writing a vast and definitive study of democracy. In fact he has written nothing, but he employs a secretary; the girl becomes pregnant by him and threatens to make a scandal. Philip and Elinor have a young son, little Phil, who becomes ill and dies of meningitis.
* Mark Rampion, a writer and painter. Based on D. H. Lawrence, whom Huxley admired greatly, Rampion is a fierce critic of modern society. A full chapter in flashback shows Rampion's courtship and marriage to his wife, Mary (based on Lawrence's wife Frieda).
* Maurice Spandrell, an intellectual without purpose or faith (based on Charles Baudelaire, who of course did not live in Huxley's time). For years Spandrell has devoted himself to vice and deliberate wickedness. He has found some pleasure in the corruption of an innocent young girl, both in the act itself and in his own feelings of remorse. (The novel gives only vague hints as to what he has actually done to the girl.) More than anything else, however, he suffers from ennui, the sense that everything is pointless. He meets Illidge, a young scientist of working-class origin, and taunts him for his angry left-wing rhetoric and actual political impotence; eventually they join together and succeed in murdering Everard Webley. The murder achieves nothing, except to strengthen Webley's Brotherhood of British Freemen. Spandrell sends an anonymous note to the Brotherhood, informing them that the murderer is at his address; when they arrive he allows himself to be shot and killed, while the third movement from Beethoven's String Quartet No. 15 plays in the background.
* Denis Burlap, Walter Bidlake's editor. Based on John Middleton Murry, Burlap is in his writings and public image a Christian and an anguished, self-accusing moralist; in his inner thoughts and private behaviour, however, he is calculating, avaricious and libidinous. He lives with Beatrice Gilray (based on Dorothy Brett, painter), who at thirty-five remains a virgin, having been molested as a young girl; for some time their relationship is platonic, but Burlap succeeds in seducing her. The novel ends with his having secured several thousand dollars for a book, St Francis and the Modern Psyche, and enjoying an evening of sensual pleasure with Beatrice.

Oswald Mosley comparison

Comparisons have been made between the character Everard Webley and his Brotherhood of British Freemen and Oswald Mosley and the British Union of Fascists. However, when Huxley wrote Point Counter Point Mosley was still a prominent member of the Labour Party, and would remain so until 1931; the BUF was not founded until 1932. A number of other fascist groups preceded Mosley, the most prominent being the British Fascists, and possibly one of those may have been Huxley's inspiration. In the 1996 reprint of Point Counter Point, Mosley's son Nicholas discusses the connection in a new introduction to the novel. David Bradshaw has argued that the most likely source for Webley is John Hargrave, founder of The Kindred of the Kibbo Kift. 

Film and television adaptations

The novel was adapted into a BBC mini-series by Simon Raven in 1968, starring Tristram Jellinek. It was later broadcast on PBS television in 1972.
Question:
Published in 1928, Who wrote the novel Point Counter Point?
Answer:
Text and Pretext
Passage:
Lateral sulcus
The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain.

Anatomy

The lateral sulcus divides both the frontal lobe and parietal lobe above from the temporal lobe below.  It is in both hemispheres of the brain but is longer in the left hemisphere in most people. The lateral sulcus is one of the earliest-developing sulci of the human brain. It first appears around the fourteenth gestational week. 

The lateral sulcus has a number of side branches. Two of the most prominent and most regularly found are the ascending (also called vertical) ramus and the horizontal ramus of the lateral fissure, which subdivide the inferior frontal gyrus. The lateral sulcus also contains the transverse temporal gyri, which are part of the primary and below the surface auditory cortex.

Partly due to a phenomenon called Yakovlevian torque, the lateral sulcus is often longer and less curved on the left hemisphere than on the right.

It is also located near Sylvian Point.

The area lying around the Sylvian fissure is often referred to as the perisylvian cortex. 

The human secondary somatosensory cortex (S2, SII) is a functionally-defined region of cortex in the parietal operculum on the ceiling of the lateral sulcus.

Discovery

The cerebral cortex was not depicted in a realistic manner until the 17th century with the Sylvian fissure being first accurately painted  by Girolamo Fabrici d'Acquapendente in 1600 to provide plates for his Tabulae Pictae.   

Its first description is traditionally taken to be in 1641 by  Caspar Bartholin who attributed its discovery to Franciscus Sylvius (1614–1672), professor of medicine at Leiden University his  book Casp. Bartolini Institutiones Anatomicae where it is noted that "F.S. [F.S. probably refers to Franciscus Sylvius] If you examine the indentations which are represented in Figure 5 quite attentively, you will notice that they are very deep and that the brain is divided from one side to the other by the “anfractuosa fissura,” which starts in the front part near the ocular roots, and from there moves backwards above the base of the spinal cord, following the temporal bones, and it divides the upper part of the brain from the lower."

It has been suggested that since Caspar Bartholin died in 1629 and Franciscus Sylvius only started medicine in 1632 that these words are either by his son Thomas Bartholin or Franciscus Sylvius. In 1663 in his Disputationem Medicarum, Franciscus Sylvius described the lateral fissure: "Particularly noticeable is the deep fissure or hiatus which begins at the roots of the eyes (oculorum radices) . . . it runs posteriorly above the temples as far as the roots of the brain stem (medulla radices). . . . It divides the cerebrum into an upper, larger part and a lower, smaller part".

Additional images
Question:
The Sylvian Fissure is found in which organ of the human body?
Answer:
Brain cell
Passage:
Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage - WebMD
Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage - WebMD: Neurological Symptoms
Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage
In this Article
Your nervous system is involved in everything your body does, from regulating your breathing to controlling your muscles and sensing heat and cold.
There are three types of nerves in the body:
Autonomic nerves. These nerves control the involuntary or partially voluntary activities of your body, including heart rate , blood pressure , digestion, and temperature regulation.
Motor nerves. These nerves control your movements and actions by passing information from your brain and spinal cord to your muscles.
Sensory nerves. These nerves relay information from your skin and muscles back to your spinal cord and brain . The information is then processed to let you feel pain and other sensations.
Because nerves are essential to all you do, nerve pain and damage can seriously affect your quality of life.
What Are the Symptoms of Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage?
With nerve damage there can be a wide array of symptoms. Which ones you may have depends on the location and type of nerves that are affected. Damage can occur to nerves in your brain and spinal cord. It can also occur in the peripheral nerves, which are located throughout the rest of your body.
Autonomic nerve damage may produce the following symptoms:
Inability to sense chest pain , such as angina or heart attack
Too much sweating (known as hyperhidrosis ) or too little sweating (known as anhidrosis)
Lightheadedness
Twitching , also known as fasciculation
Paralysis
Sensory nerve damage may produce the following symptoms:
Pain
Burning
Problems with positional awareness
In some instances, people with nerve damage will have symptoms that indicate damage to two, or even three, different types of nerves. For instance, you might experience weakness and burning of your legs at the same time.
What Causes Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage?
There are more than 100 different types of nerve damage. The various types may have different symptoms and may require different types of treatment.
It is estimated that about 20 million Americans suffers from peripheral nerve damage. This type of damage becomes increasingly common with age. Up to 70% of people with diabetes have some nerve damage.
Continued
While not an exhaustive list, the following are some of the possible causes of nerve pain and nerve damage:
Autoimmune diseases . A variety of different types of autoimmune diseases can produce symptoms of nerve pain and nerve damage. These include: multiple sclerosis , Guillain -Barré syndrome (a rare condition in which the immune system attacks the peripheral nerves), myasthenia gravis , lupus , and inflammatory bowel disease .
Cancer . Cancer can cause nerve pain and nerve damage in multiple ways. In some instances, cancerous masses may push against or crush nerves. In other cases, certain types of cancer may result in nutritional deficiencies that affect nerve function. Additionally, some types of chemotherapy and radiation may produce nerve pain and nerve damage in certain individuals.
Compression/trauma. Anything that results in trauma or compression of nerves can result in nerve pain and nerve damage. This includes pinched nerves in the neck, crush injuries, and carpal tunnel syndrome .
Diabetes . Up to 70% of people with diabetes suffer from nerve damage, which becomes more likely as the disease progresses. Diabetic neuropathy is a serious complication and may affect all three types of neurons. Sensory nerves are most often affected, causing burning or numbness. If you have diabetes and are experiencing symptoms of nerve pain or nerve damage, you should consult a medical professional as soon as possible.
Drug side effects and toxic substances. Various substances that are taken into the body intentionally or unintentionally have the ability to cause nerve pain and nerve damage. These include medications , such as some chemotherapies for cancer and certain drugs used to treat HIV . Toxic substances that may be ingested accidentally, including lead, arsenic, and mercury, may also cause damage to your nerves.
Motor neuron diseases. The motor neurons are nerves in your brain and spinal column that communicate with the muscles throughout your body. Diseases that affect these nerves, including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also called ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease, can result in progressively worsening nerve damage.
Nutritional deficiencies. Deficiencies of certain nutrients , including vitamins B6 and B12, may produce symptoms of nerve pain and nerve damage, including weakness or burning sensations. Nutritional deficiencies that cause nerve damage may also result from excessive alcohol ingestion or develop after gastric surgery.
Infectious disease. Certain infectious diseases have the ability to affect the nerves in your body. These conditions include Lyme disease , the herpes viruses, HIV , and hepatitis C .
Continued
How Are Nerve Pain and Nerve Damage Treated?
In many instances, nerve damage cannot be cured entirely. But there are various treatments that can reduce your symptoms. Because nerve damage is often progressive, it is important to consult with a doctor when you first notice symptoms. That way you can reduce the likelihood of permanent damage.
Often, the first goal of treatment is to address the underlying condition that's causing your nerve pain or nerve damage. This may mean:
Question:
What is another name for pain in one or more nerves?
Answer:
Neuralgic pain
Passage:
Chicane
A chicane is an artificial feature creating extra turns in a road, used in motor racing and on streets to slow traffic for safety. For example, one form of chicane is a short, shallow S-shaped turn, requiring the driver to turn slightly left and then right again to stay on the road, which slows them down. Chicane comes from the French verb chicaner, which means "to quibble" or "to prevent justice". 

Motor racing 

On modern racing circuits, chicanes are usually located after long straights, making them a prime location for overtaking. They can be placed tactically by circuit designers to prevent vehicles from reaching speeds deemed to be unsafe. A prime example of this is the Tamburello chicane at Imola, which was placed after Ayrton Senna's death at the original corner. At Le Mans, chicanes were placed alongside the 6‑km Mulsanne Straight in order to slow down Le Mans Prototypes, which with Group C Prototypes went to speeds as high as 400 km/h.

Some tracks, such as the Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi, feature optional chicanes. Faster cars will take the chicane, but slower cars (such as amateur club racers) may avoid the chicane because they are not capable of reaching equally high speeds on the straights. Such chicanes are used at Watkins Glen International and Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, where there are separate chicanes for cars and motorcycles.

Another example is the Tsukuba Circuit in Japan.  A chicane was added after Turn 7, creating a right turn, followed immediately by a left.  This chicane is used only for motorcycles. It was implemented to divert motorcycles from taking Turn 8, which is a high speed long sweeping left corner. Turn 8 was deemed to be unsafe for motorcycles, as immediately following this is a slow right hairpin corner.  This means riders may still have been leaning to the left when being expected to begin braking for Turns 9 and 10.

The term is used in other types of racing, including bobsleigh and dogleg, to indicate a similar shift in the course or track.

"Mobile chicane" and "moving chicane" are terms often used to disparage slower drivers and vehicles who delay other competitors.  In some cases they may not move out of the way quickly enough to allow competitors in higher positions (having completed more laps) past, despite repeated showings of blue flags.  This can cost competitors valuable time and championship points. This same term, applied to traffic calming, can refer to the usage of portable devices to create a chicane configuration.

The Yas Marina Circuit's chicanes have become a subject of debate. For example, some of Formula One's top drivers feel that the chicane after the back straight disrupts the flow of races and impedes overtaking maneuvers.

McLaren Team Principal Martin Whitmarsh feels that placing high speed corners after straights is a better option than using chicanes.

Traffic calming 

Chicanes are a type of "horizontal deflection" used in traffic calming schemes to reduce the speed of traffic.  Drivers are expected to reduce speed to negotiate the lateral displacement in the vehicle path.  There are several variations of traffic calming chicanes, but they generally fall into one of two broad categories:
*Single-lane working chicanes, which consist of staggered buildouts, narrowing the road so that traffic in one direction has to give way to opposing traffic
*Two-way working chicanes, which use buildouts to provide deflection, but with lanes separated by road markings or a central island.

Limited accident data for chicane schemes indicate changes in injury accidents (range from -54% to +32%) and accident severity.  

Pedestrian 

A pedestrian chicane is a kind of permanent fence used at a railway crossing to slow pedestrians down and to force them to observe both directions before crossing the railway tracks. While passing the chicane, one has to turn to the left and to the right, increasing the probability of seeing an approaching train. A similar arrangement is sometimes used at the entrances of parks to impede bicycle or car access.
Question:
What is the name for an artificial feature creating extra turns in a roadway, used in motor racing and on city streets, to slow cars?
Answer:
Chicanes
Passage:
White Nile
The White Nile ( ') is a river of Africa, one of the two main tributaries of the Nile, the other being the Blue Nile. In the strict meaning, "White Nile" refers to the river formed at Lake No at the confluence of the Bahr al Jabal and Bahr el Ghazal Rivers.

In the wider sense, the term White Nile refers to the rivers draining from Lake Victoria into the White Nile proper (Victoria Nile, Kyoga Nile, Albert Nile, Bahr-al-Jabal). It may also, depending on the speaker, refer also to the headwaters of Lake Victoria (about  from the most remote sources down to Khartoum)

The 19th century search by Europeans for the source of the Nile was mainly focused on the White Nile, which disappeared into the depths of what was then known as 'Darkest Africa'. The White Nile's true source was not discovered until 1937, when the German explorer Burkhart Waldecker traced it to a stream in Rutovu at the base of Mount Kikizi.

When in flood the Sobat River tributary carries a large amount of sediment, adding greatly to the White Nile's color. 

Headwaters of Lake Victoria 

The Kagera River, which flows into Lake Victoria near the Tanzanian town of Bukoba, is the longest feeder river for Lake Victoria, although sources do not agree on which is the longest tributary of the Kagera and hence the most distant source of the Nile itself. 

The source of the Nile can be considered to be either the Ruvyironza, which emerges in Bururi Province, Burundi,  near Bukirasaz or the Nyabarongo, which flows from Nyungwe Forest in Rwanda.  The two feeder rivers meet near Rusumo Falls on the Rwanda-Tanzania border.

The falls are notable because of an event on 28–29 April 1994, when 250,000 Rwandans crossed the bridge at Rusumo Falls into Ngara, Tanzania in 24 hours, in what the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees called "the largest and fastest refugee exodus in modern times". The Kagera forms part of the Rwanda–Tanzania and Tanzania–Uganda borders before flowing into Lake Victoria.

In Uganda 

The river arising from Lake Victoria is known as the Victoria Nile. The place where it arises, just outside Jinja, is marked by a monument. After Nalubaale Power Station and Kiira Power Station at the mouth, the river goes through Bujagali Falls (location of Bujagali Power Station) about 15 kilometres downstream from Jinja.

It then flows north and westwards through Uganda, feeding into Lake Kyoga in the centre of the country and then out west. At Karuma Falls, the river sweeps under Karuma Bridge () at the southeastern corner of Murchison Falls National Park.

During much of the insurgency of the Lord's Resistance Army, Karuma Bridge, built in 1963 to help the cotton industry, was the key stop on the way to Gulu, where vehicles would gather in convoy before being provided with a military escort for the final run north. In 2009, the Government of Uganda announced plans to construct a 750-MW hydropower project several kilometres north of the bridge, which is scheduled for completion in 2016. 

The World Bank had approved to fund a smaller 200-MW power plant, but Uganda opted for a bigger project, which the Ugandans will fund internally, if necessary. 

Just before entering Lake Albert, the river is compressed into a passage seven metres in width at Murchison Falls, marking the entry into the western branch of the East African Rift. The river flows into Lake Albert opposite the Blue Mountains in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The river exiting Lake Albert to the north is known as the Albert Nile. It separates the West Nile sub-region of Uganda from the rest of the country. A bridge passes over the Albert Nile near its inlet in Nebbi District, but no other bridge over this section has been built. A powered ferry connects the roads between Adjumani and Moyo: navigation of the river is otherwise done by small boat or canoe.

The Mountain Nile  

The Albert Nile continues north to Nimule, where it enters South Sudan and becomes known as the Mountain Nile or Baḥr al-Jabal   (also Baḥr el-Jebel, ), literally "Mountain River" or "River of the Mountain". Bahr al Jabal also formerly lent its name to the state of Central Equatoria.

The Bahr al-Jabal then winds through rapids before entering the Sudan plain and the vast swamp of the Sudd. It makes its way to Lake No, where it merges with the Bahr el Ghazal and there forms the White Nile. An anabranch river called Bahr el Zeraf flows out of the Bahr al-Jabal at and flows through the Sudd, to eventually join the White Nile.

The Bahr al-Jabal passes through Juba, the capital of South Sudan, which is the southernmost navigable point on the Nile river system, and then to Kodok, the site of the 1898 Fashoda Incident that marked an end to the Scramble for Africa.

The river flows north into Sudan and lends its name to the Sudanese state of White Nile, before merging with the larger Blue Nile at Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, and forming the River Nile.
Question:
In which country does the White Nile leave Lake Victoria?
Answer:
Ugandese
Passage:
Lily the Pink (song)
"Lily the Pink" is a 1968 song released by the UK comedy group the Scaffold. It is a modernisation of an older folk song titled "The Ballad of Lydia Pinkham". The lyrics celebrate the "medicinal compound" invented by Lily the Pink, and, in each verse, chronicle some extraordinary cure it has effected.

The Scaffold version

The Scaffold's record, released in November 1968, became No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart for the four weeks encompassing the Christmas holidays that year.   

Backing vocalists on the recording included Graham Nash (of the Hollies), Elton John (then Reg Dwight), and Tim Rice; while Jack Bruce (of Cream) played the bass guitar.  

The lyrics include a number of in-jokes. For example, the line Mr Frears has sticky out ears refers to film director Stephen Frears who had worked with the Scaffold early in their career; while the line Jennifer Eccles had terrible freckles refers to the song "Jennifer Eccles" by the Hollies, Graham Nash's former band.

Covers and derivative versions

Another version of the song, released a few months after the Scaffold's by the Irish Rovers, became a minor hit for North American audiences in early 1969. At a time when covers were released almost as soon as the originals, the release from the Rovers' Tales to Warm Your Mind Decca LP became a second favorite behind "The Unicorn".

The song has since been adopted by the folk community. It has been performed live by the Brobdingnagian Bards and other Celtic-style folk and folk artists.

The song was successfully adapted into French by Richard Anthony in 1969: this version described humorously the devastating effects of a so-called panacée (universal medicine).

Earlier folk song

The U.S. American folk (or drinking) song on which Lily the Pink was based is generally known as "Lydia Pinkham" or "The Ballad of Lydia Pinkham". It has the Roud number 8368.  The song was inspired by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, a well-known herbal-alcoholic patent medicine for women. Supposed to relieve menstrual and menopausal pains, the compound was mass-marketed in the United States from 1876 onwards.

The song was certainly in existence by the time of the First World War. F. W. Harvey records it being sung in officers' prisoner-of-war camps in Germany, and ascribes it to Canadian prisoners.  According to Harvey, the words of the first verse ran:
Have you heard of Lydia Pinkum,
And her love for the human race?
How she sells (she sells, she sells) her wonderful compound,
And the papers publish her face?

In many versions, the complaints which the compound had cured were highly ribald in nature. During the Prohibition era (1920–33) in the United States, the medicine (like other similar patent medicines) had a particular appeal as a readily available 40-proof alcoholic drink, and it is likely that this aided the popularity of the song. A version of the song was the unofficial regimental song of the Royal Tank Corps during World War II.
Question:
Which group had a hit with 'Lily the Pink' in 1969?
Answer:
Scaffold (band)
Passage:
Heineken
Heineken Lager Beer (), or simply Heineken, is a pale lager beer with 5% alcohol by volume produced by the Dutch brewing company Heineken International. Heineken is well known for its signature green bottle and red star. 

History 

On 15 February 1864, Gerard Adriaan Heineken (1841–1893)   got his wealthy mother to buy De Hooiberg (The Haystack) brewery in Amsterdam, a popular working-class brand founded in 1592.  In 1873 after hiring a Dr. Elion (student of Louis Pasteur) to develop Heineken-A Yeast for Bavarian bottom fermentation, the HBM (Heineken's Bierbrouwerij Maatschappij) was established, and the first Heineken brand beer was brewed.  In 1875 Heineken won the Medaille D'Or at the International Maritime Exposition in Paris, then began to be shipped there regularly, after which Heineken sales topped 64,000 hectolitres (1.7 million U.S. gallons), making them the biggest beer exporter to France.

After Prohibition was lifted in 1933, Heineken became the first European beer to be imported to the United States. 

In 2013 Heineken joined leading alcohol producers as part of a producers' commitments to reducing harmful drinking. 

In Heineken's early years, the beer won four awards:
*Medaille d'Or (Gold Medal) at the International Maritime Exhibition (International Exhibition of Marine and River Industries) in Paris in May 1875.  
*Diplome d'Honneurs (Honorary Diploma) at the International Colonial Exposition in Amsterdam in 1883.
*Grand Prix (Grand Prize) at the Exposition Universelle in Paris in 1889.
*Hors Concours Membre du Jury in Paris in 1900. 
The two awards that are still mentioned on the label are the Medaille d'Or and Diplome d'Honneurs. 

In 2014 Heineken celebrated its 150th anniversary. In 2015 Heineken won the Creative Marketer of the Year Award, becoming the second company to win the award twice.

The original brewery where Gerard Adriaan Heineken first started making Heineken is now the Heineken Experience Museum. 

Production

Since 1975 most Heineken brand beer has been brewed at their brewery in Zoeterwoude, Netherlands.  In 2011 2.74 billion liters of Heineken brand beer were produced worldwide, while the total beer production of all breweries fully owned by the Heineken Group over all brands was 16.46 billion liters globally. 
Sold in more than 170 countries, Heineken is the world's most international premium beer. It has been incorporated with numerous beer brands from different countries all over the world including, Mexico, China, and Africa.

Advertising

Heineken was the major sponsor of UEFA Champions League and Rugby World Cup.

In 2016, Heineken became the Official Beer of the Formula One World Championship starts from Canadian Grand Prix.
Question:
What country does Heineken beer come from?
Answer:
NETHERLANDS
Passage:
Estadio Riazor
Estadio Municipal de Riazor is a multi-purpose stadium in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain. The stadium is the home ground of Deportivo de La Coruña, and accommodates a total of 34,600 spectators.

History

Although the stadium hosted home games for Deportivo since its establishment in 1906, it wasn't until 1944 that essential facilities (e.g. Stands, Changing rooms...) were constructed. That year, the stadium was officially known as Deportivo's ground. The opening game was against Valencia CF on 28 October 1944, which saw Depor lose 2-3.

The enormous total capacity of 30,000 led Riazor to be one of the chosen stadia to host the 1982 FIFA World Cup finals. Also, this asset made Riazor favorable for a Copa del Rey final between Real Madrid and RCD Espanyol in 1947, which saw the capital's side claim their ninth cup title. 

1982 FIFA World Cup

The stadium was one of the venues of the 1982 FIFA World Cup, and held the following matches:
Question:
Which Spanish football team plays its home games at the Stadio Riazor?
Answer:
RC Deportivo de La Coruna
