Passage:
You Shook Me All Night Long
"You Shook Me All Night Long" is a song by Australian hard rock band  AC/DC, from the album Back in Black. The song also reappeared on their later album Who Made Who. It is AC/DC's first single to feature Brian Johnson as the lead singer and reached number 35 on the USA's Hot 100 pop singles chart in 1980. The single was re-released internationally in 1986, following the release of the album Who Made Who. The re-released single in 1986 contains the B-side(s): B1. "She's Got Balls" (Live, Bondi Lifesaver '77); B2. "You Shook Me All Night Long" (Live '83 – 12-inch maxi-single only).

"You Shook Me All Night Long" placed at number 10 on VH1's list of "The 100 Greatest Songs of the 80s". It was also number 1 on VH1's "Top Ten AC/DC Songs". Guitar World placed "You Shook Me All Night Long" at number 80 on their "100 Greatest Guitar Solos" list.

The song sampled Head East's "Never Been a Reason" guitar riff, they had opened for them early in their career.

Live versions

The song has also become a staple of AC/DC concerts, and is rarely excluded from the setlist. 

Four live versions of the song were officially released. The first one appeared on the 1986 maxi-single "You Shook Me All Night Long"; the second one was included on the band's album Live; the third version is on the soundtrack to the Howard Stern movie Private Parts, and also appears on the AC/DC box set Backtracks; and the fourth one is on the band's live album, Live at River Plate.

"You Shook Me All Night Long" was also the second song to be played by AC/DC on Saturday Night Live in 2000, following their performance of "Stiff Upper Lip."  When AC/DC was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003 by Steven Tyler of Aerosmith, they performed this song with Tyler. 

Johnson performed the song with Billy Joel at Madison Square Garden in New York, US in March 2014. The Salon publication stated on the following morning in its introduction to the video footage of the performance: "This will either be your favorite video today, or a total musical nightmare!" 

Composition 

The song is in the key G major. The main verse and riff follows a G–C–D chord progression.

Music video 

Two versions of the music video exist. The first version, directed by Eric Dionysius and Eric Mistler,  is similar to the other Back in Black videos ("Back in Black", "Hells Bells", "What Do You Do For Money Honey", "Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution" and "Let Me Put My Love Into You") and is available on the special Back in Black, The Videos. It is also included on the Backtracks box set.

In the second version, directed by David Mallet  and released six years after the song's original release, Angus and Malcolm Young follow Johnson around the English town of Huddersfield, with Angus Young wearing his signature schoolboy outfit. The video clip casts the English glamour model Corinne Russell, a former Hill's Angel and Page 3 Girl—along with other leather clad women wearing suits with zips at the groin region—pedaling bicycles like machines in the background.

The VH1 series Pop-Up Video revealed that, during the scene with the mechanical bull, the woman playing Johnson's lover accidentally jabbed herself with her spur twice. The roadie who came to her aid married her a year later, and Angus Young gave them a mechanical bull for a wedding present as a joke. The original 1980 video features drummer Phil Rudd, while the 1986 video features drummer Simon Wright, who replaced Rudd in 1983. Rudd returned to AC/DC in 1994.

Charts and certifications

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

Certifications

In popular culture 

*The song was released as a vinyl single by the band Slingshot, featuring singer Kathy Kosins, in 1983—the single was distributed only in the United States, Germany, Canada and Italy. 
*The song appears in the 2001 movie A Knight's Tale, starring Heath Ledger. 
*1986 horror film Maximum Overdrive's ending played this song throughout the credits.
*Celine Dion and Anastacia performed a live duet of the song at the 2002 VH1 Divas Las Vegas concert. 
*Shania Twain covered "You Shook Me All Night Long" in her "Up! Close and Personal" television special in 2003.
*American country music duo Big & Rich covered "You Shook Me All Night Long" for their 2007 album, Between Raising Hell and Amazing Grace. 
*The song is played in season 7, episode 13 of Supernatural, "Slice Girls".  It is also used in "The Road So Far" sequence of the season 4 premier "Lazarus Rising."
*The song is heard in the television series New Girl. 
*The song is played in season 1, episode 16 of Mike and Molly.
Question:
What band worried that “You Shook Me All Night Long” before offering themselves as “Guns For Hire” which resulted in a “Touch Too Much” but were finally satisfied with “Moneytalks”?
Answer:
AC/DC
Passage:
Chemical Elements.com - Phosphorus (P)
Chemical Elements.com - Phosphorus (P)
Contains an "Introduction to Tungsten", among other things
If you know of any other links for Phosphorus, please let me know
Bentor, Yinon. Chemical Element.com - Phosphorus.
<http://www.chemicalelements.com/elements/p.html>.
For more information about citing online sources, please visit the MLA's Website .
This page was created by Yinon Bentor.
Use of this web site is restricted by this site's license    agreement .
Copyright © 1996-2012 Yinon Bentor. All Rights Reserved.
Question:
"What element has the symbol ""P""?"
Answer:
Phospho
Passage:
Stormcock (album)
Stormcock is the fifth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1971 by Harvest Records and is widely considered to be his best record. 

History

The album contains four extended songs which showcase Harper's talents, both as songwriter and guitarist. But, perhaps most significantly, Stormcock "...epitomized a hybrid genre that had no exclusive purveyors save Harper — epic progressive acoustic.".  The album features Jimmy Page on guitar, though upon the album's release, Page was credited as "S. Flavius Mercurius" for contractual reasons.

At the time, the album was not particularly well promoted by Harper's record label. Harper later stated: 

Nonetheless, Stormcock would remain a favourite album of Harper's fans. In October 2013 NME placed Stormcock at 377 in their list of "The 500 Greatest Albums Of All Time" 

Title

The album's title, Stormcock, is an old English name for the mistle thrush (Turdus viscivorus). The male of this species "is most vocal in the early morning" and has a "tendency to sing after, and sometimes during, wet and windy weather" which "led to the old name "stormcock"".  It is also, perhaps, a metaphor for Harper himself. Harper has an appreciation of birdlife and has made reference to many birds within songs on his albums.

Influence

35 years after its release (2006) fellow Mancunian Johnny Marr of English alternative rock band The Smiths said: 

Joanna Newsom cited Stormcock as an influence upon her 2006 release Ys  and in 2011, Robin Pecknold of Seattle, Washington-based folk band Fleet Foxes stated that he took inspiration from Stormcock when recording Fleet Foxes second album Helplessness Blues.

Digital remaster

The album was digitally remastered in 2007. The package included in a 20-page case-bound booklet with new pictures, prose and poetry, and Page's name was added to the album's credits. The album also showcases David Bedford's orchestral arrangements (Bedford would also collaborate on some of Harper's later releases).

Track listing

All tracks credited to Roy Harper

Side one

#"Hors d'œuvres" – 8:37
#"The Same Old Rock" – 12:24

Side two

#"One Man Rock and Roll Band" – 7:23
#"Me and My Woman" – 13:01

Personnel

*Roy Harper – guitar six and twelve strings, vocals, piano
*S. Flavius Mercurius (Jimmy Page) – guitar
*David Bedford – Hammond organ and orchestral arrangements
*Peter Jenner – producer
*John Barrett – sound engineer
*Peter Bown – sound engineer
*John Leckie – sound engineer
*Phil McDonald – sound engineer
*Alan Parsons – sound engineer
*Nick Webb – sound engineer
*Richard Imrie – photography
Question:
What is the other name for the bird sometimes known as a 'stormcock'?
Answer:
Missel Thrush
Passage:
The Bottle Inn
The Bottle Inn is a 16th-century public house in Marshwood in Dorset, England which hosts the World Nettle Eating Championship. The building started life as an ale house being close to a church where people came to pay their tithes. It was named The Bottle Inn sometime late in the 18th Century when it became the first inn in the area to sell bottled beers. During its history the building has also housed the village shop and during World War II, the village school. The  Bottle Inn was purchased as a Free House in 1982 from Ushers Brewery by Michael and Pauline Brookes. Through their hard work they built up not only the food trade but also the local trade, establishing skittle teams, dart teams, table skittle teams and domino teams. This pub has always been a popular destination for holiday makers en route to and from the coast in the summer months.  

World Nettle Eating Championship

The Bottle Inn hosts the annual World Nettle Eating Championships as part of a charity beer festival.  Competitors are served  long stalks of stinging nettles from which they pluck and eat the leaves. After an hour the bare stalks are measured and the winner is the competitor with the greatest accumulated length of nettles. The contest began in the late 1980s when two farmers argued over who had the longest stinging nettles in their field and evolved into the World Nettle Eating Championships when one of the farmers promised to eat any nettle which was longer than his. The championship has separate men’s and women’s sections and attracts competitors from as far afield as Canada and Australia. 

In June 2010 Sam Cunningham, a fishmonger from Somerset won the contest, after eating 74 ft of nettles. 

In June 2014 Phillip Thorne, a chef from Colyton, Devon won the contest, after eating 80 ft of nettles.
Question:
The Bottle Inn at Marshwood in Dorset has what annual eye watering and tongue numbing item on the menu?
Answer:
Large-leaved Nettle
Passage:
Midlands Grand National
|}

 

The Midlands Grand National is a Listed National Hunt race in Great Britain. It is a handicap steeplechase and is run at Uttoxeter Racecourse in March, over a distance of 4 miles, 1 furlong and 110 yards.

History

The first race was run on 3 May 1969.  The race was initially run over 4m2f and was increased up to 4m4f in 1977. During this period it would have been, assuming accurate measurements, by 24 yards or approximately the length of a cricket pitch, the longest race in the NH calendar. In 1991 the distance was dropped to 4m, before being upped to 4m2f in 1993. It has been run at its present distance of 4m1f110yds yards since 2004. 

The 1977 winner Watafella finished third in the race but was promoted to first place after the first and second, No Scotch and Evander were disqualified after it was realised they failed to meet the conditions of the race, along with three other runners. 

The race was not covered on television in its early years but was shown by Channel 4 during the 1980s and up until 1998. The BBC took over coverage between 1998 and 2005 before the race returned to Channel 4, who continue to cover until this day.

Records

Most successful horse:
* no horse has won the race more than once

Leading jockey (2 wins):
* Ken White - Happy Spring (1969), Rip’s Lyric (1973)
* Derek Morris - Midnight Madness (1987), Mister Ed (1993)
* Brendan Powell - Another Excuse (1996), Young Kenny (1999)
* Norman Williamson - Lucky Lane (1995), The Bunny Boiler (2002)

Leading trainer (4 wins):

* David Pipe - Minella Four Star (2011), Master Overseer (2012), Big Occasion (2013), Goulanes (2014)
* Widest winning margin – Another Excuse (1996) – distance
* Narrowest winning margin – Fighting Chance (1974), Knock Hill (1988) – head
* Most runners – 22, in 1978, 1979 and 1981
* Fewest runners – 6, in 2000

Winners

* Amateur jockeys indicated by "Mr".

 The 1983 running was cancelled due to a waterlogged track.
 The 2001 running was cancelled due to a foot-and-mouth crisis.
 The 2004 running was cancelled due to high winds.
Question:
Which racecourse stages the Midlands Grand National?
Answer:
Wuttuceshǣddre
Passage:
Monologue
In theatre, a monologue (from Greek μονόλογος from μόνος mónos, "alone, solitary" and λόγος lógos, "speech") is a speech presented by a single character, most often to express their mental thoughts aloud, though sometimes also to directly address another character or the audience. Monologues are common across the range of dramatic media (plays, films,  etc.), as well as in non-dramatic media such as poetry.  Monologues share much in common with several other literary devices including soliloquies, apostrophes, and aside. There are, however, distinctions between each of these devices.

Similar literary devices

Monologues are similar to poems, epiphanies, and others in that they involve one 'voice' speaking but there are differences between them. For example, a soliloquy involves a character relating his or her thoughts and feelings to him/herself and to the audience without addressing any of the other characters. A monologue is the thoughts of a person spoken out loud.  Monologues are also distinct from apostrophes, in which the speaker or writer addresses an imaginary person, inanimate object, or idea.  Asides differ from each of these not only in length (asides are shorter) but also in that asides are not heard by other characters even in situations where they logically should be (e.g. two characters engaging in a dialogue interrupted by one of them delivering an aside).

History

In ancient Greek theatre, the origin of western drama, the conventional three actor rule was preceded by a two actor rule, which was itself preceded by a convention in which only a single actor would appear on stage, along with the chorus.  The origin of the monologue as a dramatic device, therefore, is not rooted in dialogue. It is, instead, the other way around; dialogue evolved from monologue.

Ancient Roman theatre featured monologues extensively, more commonly than either Ancient Greek theatre or modern theatre.  One of the key purposes of these monologues was to indicate the passage of significant amounts of time (that would be tedious to actually play out in real time) within scenes. This type of monologue is referred to as a linking monologue.  Other monologue types included "entrance monologues" and exit monologues.  In each of these cases a primary function is indicating the passage of time.

From Renaissance theatre onward, monologues generally focused on characters using the extended speech to pursue their dramatic need. Postmodern theatre, on the other hand, often embraces the performative aspects of the monologue, even to the point of challenging the boundary between character portrayal (e.g. acting) and autobiographical speeches. ×→→

Types of monologues

Interior monologues involve a character externalizing their thoughts so that the audience can witness experiences that would otherwise be mostly internal. In contrast, a dramatic monologue involves one character speaking to another character.  Monologues can also be divided along the lines of active and narrative monologues. In an active monologue a character is using their speech to achieve a clear goal. Narrative monologues simply involve a character telling a story and can often be identified by the fact that they are in the past tense. 

Audition monologues

Actors in theatre and sometimes in film and television may be called upon to use monologues for audition purposes. Audition monologues demonstrate an actor's ability to prepare a piece and deliver a performance.  These pieces are usually relegated to two minutes (sometimes less) and are often paired with a contrasting monologue. This can be a comic monologue paired with a dramatic monologue or it can mean classical paired with contemporary. The choice of monologues for an audition can often depend on the play in question or the role the actor wants to land. The audition monologue is a rite of passage with theatre actors and a tradition that continues today.
Question:
Which word describes a monologue where an actor addresses an audience by speaking his thoughts aloud?
Answer:
Soliloquy
Passage:
Cliffs of Moher
The Cliffs of Moher ()  are located at the southwestern edge of the Burren region in County Clare, Ireland.   They rise 120 m above the Atlantic Ocean at Hag's Head and reach their maximum height of 214 m just north of O'Brien's Tower, eight kilometres to the north.  A round stone tower near the midpoint of the cliffs was built in 1835 by Sir Cornelius O'Brien.  From the cliffs and from atop the tower, visitors can see the Aran Islands in Galway Bay, the Maumturks and Twelve Pins mountain ranges to the north in County Galway, and Loop Head to the south. The cliffs rank amongst the top-visited tourist sites in Ireland  and receive almost one million visitors a year. The closest settlements are Liscannor (6 km south) and Doolin (7 km north).

Name

The cliffs take their name from an old fort called Moher, which once stood on Hag's Head, the southernmost point of the cliffs. The writer Thomas Johnson Westropp referred to it in 1905 as Moher Uí Ruis or Moher Uí Ruidhin.  The fort still stood in 1780 and is mentioned in an account from John Lloyd's A Short Tour Of Clare (1780).  It was demolished in 1808 to provide material for a new telegraph tower. The present tower near the site of the old Moher Uí Ruidhin was built as a lookout tower during the Napoleonic wars. 

Tourism

The cliffs are one of the most popular tourist destinations in Ireland and topped the list of attractions in 2006 by drawing almost one million visitors.  Since 2011, they have formed a part of the Burren and Cliffs of Moher Geopark, one of a family of geotourism destinations throughout Europe that are members of the European Geoparks Network. 

In the 1990s, Clare County Council initiated development plans to enable visitors to experience the cliffs without significant intrusive man-made amenities. In keeping with this approach, the Cliffs of Moher Visitor Experience was built into a hillside approaching the cliffs. The centre is also intended to be environmentally sensitive in its use of renewable energy systems including geothermal heating and cooling, solar panels, and grey water recycling. 

The €32 million facility was planned and built over a 17-year period and officially opened in February 2007. Facility exhibits include interactive media displays covering the geology, history, flora and fauna of the cliffs. A large multimedia screen displays a bird's-eye view from the cliffs, as well as video from the underwater caves below the cliffs. 

The visitor's centre charges €6 per adult, with children under 16 admitted free. This covers parking, access to the visitor centre and Atlantic Edge exhibition, and a contribution towards conservation and safety at the cliffs. 

The Cliffs of Moher Visitor Experience won an award in the Interpret Britain & Ireland Awards 2007 awarded by the Association of Heritage Interpretation (AHI).  Although the award was specifically for the Atlantic Edge exhibition, the AHI assessed the entire visitor centre and site. The citation stated that the entire visitor centre was "one of the best facilities that the judges had ever seen." 

Separate ferry trips also allow tourists to view the cliffs from sea level. 

Geology and wildlife

The cliffs consist mainly of beds of Namurian shale and sandstone,  with the oldest rocks being found at the bottom of the cliffs. It is possible to see 300-million-year-old river channels cutting through, forming unconformities at the base of the cliffs.

There are an estimated 30,000 birds living on the cliffs, representing more than 20 species.  These include Atlantic puffins, which live in large colonies at isolated parts of the cliffs and on the small Goat Island, and razorbills.
The site is an Important Bird Area. 

Popular culture

The Cliffs of Moher have appeared in numerous media. In cinema, the cliffs have appeared in several films, including The Princess Bride (1987) (as the filming location for "The Cliffs of Insanity"), Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2009),  and Leap Year (2010).  The cliffs are mentioned in the Martin Scorsese film Bringing Out the Dead (1999) and are noted in the 2008 documentary Waveriders as the location of a large surfing wave known as "Aileens". 

In music, the cliffs have appeared in music videos, including Maroon 5's "Runaway" video, Westlife's "My Love", and Rich Mullins' "The Color Green". Most of singer Dusty Springfield's ashes were scattered at the cliffs by her brother, Tom.  Gaelic Storm's song "Green Eyes Red Hair" references the cliffs. 

In television, the cliffs appear in the episodes of Father Ted called "Tentacles of Doom" and "Cigarettes and Alcohol and Rollerblading" (1996).

In literature, the cliffs are an important location in Anthony Trollope's An Eye for an Eye, and in Eoin Colfer's The Wish List.

Transport

Bus Éireann route 350 links the Cliffs of Moher to several locations: Ennis, Ennistymon, Doolin, Lisdoonvarna, Kinvara and Galway. This service includes a number of journeys each way daily. There is also a privately operated shuttle bus that serves the site from Doolin. 

Gallery

File:Pano 4184 -1024-Cliffs of Moher.jpg|A wide perspective
File:MoherView1.jpg|A 200-metre drop
File:Moher01(js).jpg|The cliffs from the sea
File:Moher11(js).jpg|Local feral Bilberry goats
File:Branaunmore-Moher-2012.JPG|Branaunmore sea stack
File:View of Cliffs of Moher.jpg|Looking south over the Cliffs of Moher
File:Cliffs_of_moher_33mp.jpg|Panorama from below O'Brien's Tower
Question:
In which Irish county would you find the Cliffs of Moher?
Answer:
Clare
Passage:
Claret Jug
The Golf Champion Trophy, commonly known as the Claret Jug, is the trophy presented to the winner of The Open Championship, (often called the "British Open"), one of the four major championships in golf.

The awarding of the Claret Jug dates from 1872, when a new trophy was needed after Young Tom Morris had won the original Challenge Belt (presented by Prestwick Golf Club) outright in 1870 by winning the Championship three years in a row. Prestwick had both hosted and organised the Championship from 1860 to 1870.

By the time that Prestwick had reached agreement with the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews and the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers (based at Musselburgh) for the championship to rotate at these three venues, more than a year had passed. So, there was no event in 1871.

Each club contributed £10 to the cost of the new trophy, which is inscribed 'The Golf Champion Trophy', and was made by Mackay Cunningham & Company of Edinburgh.

When the 1872 event was played, the trophy still wasn't ready in time to be presented to Morris (who had won his fourth in a row) although his name was the first to be engraved on it. In 1872, Morris was presented with a medal as have all subsequent winners.

In 1873 Tom Kidd became the first winner to be actually presented with the Claret Jug after winning the Championship.

The original Claret Jug has been on permanent display at the clubhouse of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews since 1928. The original Challenge Belt is also on display at the same site, having been donated in 1908 by the Morris family.

The current Claret Jug was first awarded to Walter Hagen for winning the 1928 Open. The winner must return the trophy before the next year's Open, and receives a replica to keep permanently. Three other replicas exist — one in the British Museum of Golf at St Andrews, and two used for travelling exhibitions.

Every year, the winner's name is engraved on the Claret Jug before it is presented to him. The BBC always shows the engraver poised to start work, and the commentators like to speculate about when he will be sure enough of the outcome to begin. However, at the 1999 Open Championship, Jean van de Velde's name was engraved on the trophy before he famously choked with a triple-bogey on the 18th hole and Paul Lawrie subsequently won the playoff. Upon being awarded the Jug in 1989, Mark Calcavecchia said, "How's my name going to fit on that thing?" 

The Claret Jug has twice appeared on commemorative £5 Scottish banknotes issued by the Royal Bank of Scotland: first in 2004, for the 250th Anniversary of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, then in 2005, the jug is shown held by Jack Nicklaus to mark his retirement.
Question:
The Claret Jug is awarded to the winner of which competition?
Answer:
Open Golf Championship
Passage:
Ballinasloe
Ballinasloe ()  is a town in the easternmost part of County Galway in Ireland. It is regarded as the largest town in County Galway with a population of 7,674, which includes Ballinasloe Urban and Ballinasloe Rural.

Name and history

The town developed as a crossing point on the River Suck, a tributary of the Shannon. The Irish placename – meaning the mouth of the ford of the crowds – reflects this purpose. The latter part of the name suggests the town has been a meeting place since ancient times. The patron saint of Ballinasloe is Saint Grellan, whom tradition believes built the first church in the area at Kilcloony. A local housing estate, a GAA club, the branch of Conradh na Gaeilge, and formerly a school are named after him.

Supermacs opened their first store there and there is now four stores open.

October Fair and Festival

Every October, Ballinasloe is host to the ancient annual October Fair. Chiefly agricultural in the past, it is now focused on the horse. The Ballinasloe Fair is one of the oldest horse fairs in Europe; bathed in history it dates back to the 18th century. Today the ever popular fair is still held, along with a festival that attracts up to 100,000 visitors from all over the world. The town also boasts a successful summer festival called An tSúca Fiain.

Economy

The biggest local employers are Portiuncula and St. Brigid's hospitals. The Dubarry shoe manufacturing company has been based in the town, although manufacturing at the plant ceased in November 2004.  The American pen manufacturing company A. T. Cross had a factory in the town for many years as did electrical components company Square D.

Ballinasloe like much of rural Ireland enjoyed a period of growth and expansion in the 2000s, thanks to the "Celtic Tiger" economic boom. However the town has suffered since the financial crash of 2008 and like many small towns in the region, it has seen a brain drain of the youth and educated.

Businesses and shops face competition from larger towns such as Athlone and Galway City.

As of 2015, employment in the town centres around its hotels, hospital and factories.

Notable people

*Denis Delaney, piper
*John Feeley, classical guitarist
*Patrick Green VC
*Desmond Hogan, writer
*Noel Mannion, , rugby player
*Ray McLoughlin, rugby player
*Seán na Maighe Ó Cellaigh, petty chief
*John O'Connor Power, politician
*Eoghan Ó Tuairisc, poet and writer

Transport

Ballinasloe railway station opened on 1 August 1851,  and is served by the Dublin–Galway railway line. Once a notorious bottleneck on the old Galway to Dublin road, on 18 December 2009, the town was officially bypassed for the first time, when the M6 motorway opened as an upgrade to the N6.
From 1828 to the 1960s, Ballinasloe was the terminus of the Grand Canal. Guinness Company used the town's canal stores to store and distribute the Guinness to the midlands. Grand Canal provided an easy route for Guinness barges to travel from Dublin to Shannon Harbour. A new public marina has been developed on the river in recent years that allows traffic from the Shannon navigation to access the town.

Local Media

A number of newspapers circulate in the Ballinasloe area, such as Ballinasloe Life magazine, the Connacht Tribune, Galway Advertiser, Athlone Topic and the Roscommon Herald. As Ballinasloe sits on the border between two counties it is served by 2 local radio stations, Galway Bay FM and Shannonside FM. Local radio from other neighbouring counties such as Midlands 103 and Tipp FM are well received in the area. National stations in the area include RTÉ Radio 1, 2FM, RTÉ Lyric FM, Today FM, and 4FM.

Sport

Ballinasloe itself harbours historically rich soccer, golf, and rugby clubs, alongside Duggan Park Gaelic Athletic Association grounds. The local GAA clubs are Ballinasloe GAA (incorporating St Grellan's Gaelic football club and the Ballinasloe Hurling Club), Derrymullen Handball Club and Ballinasloe Camogie Club. Ballinasloe has a boxing tradition as well, and two resident boxing clubs.

Schools

In Ballinasloe there are four national schools (Scoil Uí Cheithearnaigh, Creagh National School,    [http://www.stteresas.ie St Teresa's Special School] and Scoil an Chroí Naofa) and two secondary schools (St Joseph's College, Garbally and Ard Scoil Mhuire).

Twin towns

Chalonnes-sur-Loire, Maine-et-Loire, France. Since 1988.

Annalistic references

From the Annals of Lough Cé:

* LC1114.3. A hosting by Domhnall Mac Lachlainn to Rath-Cennaigh, when Eochaidh Ua Mathghamhna, with the Ulidians, came into his house, and Donnchadh Ua Loingsigh, with the Dal-Araidhe, and Aedh Ua Ruairc, with the men of Breifne, and Murchadh Ua Maelsechlainn, with the men of Midhe. They all proceeded across Ath-Luain to 'Dun-Leodha (the original name of Ballinasloe) where Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair, with the Connachtmen, aud Niall, son of Domhnall Mac Lachlainn, with the chieftains of Clann-Conaill, came into his assembly.
Question:
What do Ballinsloe in Co. Galway and Appleby in Cumbria have in common?
Answer:
Horse fair
Passage:
Kuleto Estate Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 | Wine Info
Kuleto Estate Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 | Wine Info
Explore Napa Valley
Napa Valley’s reputation as a premier winegrowing region is so out-sized; it’s amazing to learn that only four percent of California wine originates there. Napa Valley is by far the most valuable appellation in the U.S. and that explains the fuss over the delimits of its borders.The official boundaries eventually included 16 sub-regions, some of which (Carneros, Chiles) lie outside the geographic valley itself. Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon fetches the highest prices of any American wine, so it’s no surprise that the valley represents 25 percent of California’s wine revenues. Any wine of any variety is easier to sell with “Napa Valley” on the label, but enhanced value comes with sub-regional names, such as: Diamond Mountain, Howell Mountain, Oakville, Mt Veeder, Rutherford, Spring Mountain, and Stags Leap. Only slightly less prestigious are Atlas Peak, Calistoga, Coombsville, Oak Knoll, St. Helena, Wild Horse Valley and Yountville.   Read more
Regions in Napa Valley
Regional Style
Californian Cabernet Sauvignon
Known as the king of red wine grapes, Cabernet Sauvignon enjoys the same regal status in California as does in its native home in Bordeaux.
The most widely planted red wine grape in California, Cabernet Sauvignon commands the highest price per ton and is the dominant grape found in some of California's most prestigious brands.
Some of the most expensive wines in the United States are made from this noble grape. Cult wines like Screaming Eagle and Harlan Estate sell for thousands per bottle, but don't let that scare you—great non-cult Cabs can be found for much less, starting a... Read more
Top users in Californian Cabernet Sauvignon
Question:
Also a colour shade, which creature is associated with the Babycham bottle label?
Answer:
Stag like
Passage:
Manchego
Manchego (officially ,) is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain from the milk of sheep of the  breed. Official  cheese is to be aged for between 60 days and two years.

 has a firm and compact consistency and a buttery texture, and often contains small, unevenly distributed air pockets. The colour of the cheese varies from white to ivory-yellow, and the inedible rind from yellow to brownish-beige. The cheese has a distinctive flavour, well-developed but not too strong, creamy with a slight piquancy, and leaves an aftertaste that is characteristic of sheep’s milk.

The designation  is protected under Spain's Denominación de Origen (DO) regulatory classification system,  and the cheese has been granted Protected Designation of Origin (PDO) status by the European Union. 

PDO requirements

To be designated as , the cheese must satisfy the following requirements: 
* It must have been produced in an area that is restricted to designated parts of the provinces of Albacete, Ciudad Real, Cuenca and Toledo that lie within the La Mancha region.
* It can be made only with the whole milk of sheep of the  breed that are raised on registered farms within the designated area.
* The cheese must have been aged for a minimum of 60 days (30 days for cheeses weighing up to 1.5 kg) and a maximum of two years.
* The cheese must be produced by pressing in a cylindrical mould that has a maximum height of 12 cm and a maximum diameter of 22 cm.

 cheese can be made from pasteurised or raw milk; if the latter, it may be labelled as  (artisan). The only permitted additives are natural rennet or another approved coagulating enzyme, and sodium chloride (salt).

Manufacture and labeling

The moulds in which the cheese is pressed are barrel-shaped. Traditionally,  cheese was made by pressing the curd in plaited esparto grass baskets, which left a distinctive zig-zag pattern (known as ) on the rind.  Today the same effect is achieved by the mould, the inside of which has a design in relief that imparts to the finished cheese an embossed pattern similar to that of woven esparto grass. The top and bottom surfaces of the cheese are impressed with a design of an ear of wheat.

During the maturation process, manchego cheese develops a natural rind. The regulations permit this to be washed, coated in paraffin, dipped in olive oil, or treated with certain approved transparent substances, but require that it must not be removed if the cheese is to be marketed as PDO.

Cheeses that meet the DO requirements carry a casein tab that is applied when the cheese is in the mould and bear a distinctive label that is issued by the Manchego Cheese Denomination of Origin Regulating Council; this carries the legend , a serial number, and artwork depicting Don Quixote de La Mancha. 

A cheese that is similar to  and made in the same region, but from a blend of cow's, goat's, and ewe's milk, is sold as  or  cheese.

Varieties

 has variety of different flavours depending on its age. There are four versions of maturity sold: 

*  – the fresh cheese is aged for only 2 weeks, with a rich but mild flavour. Produced in small quantities, it is rarely found outside Spain.
*   is a semi-firm cheese aged for three weeks to three months, somewhat milder than curado.
*  is a semi-firm cheese aged for three to six months with a sweet and nutty flavor.
* , aged for one year is firm with a sharper flavour the longer it is aged and a rich deep pepperiness to it. It grates well, but can also be eaten on its own or as tapas. 

America

North America

In Mexico and Spanish-speaking areas of the United States,  or  (manchego-type cheese) is the name given to a cow's milk cheese similar in taste to Monterey Jack. It melts well and is often used in quesadillas. Apart from the name, this cheese has little in common with the Spanish variety. 

Central America

In Costa Rica, two companies (Dos Pinos and Los Alpes ) 
produce a manchego-type cheese (queso tipo manchego) which can come with a drawing of Don Quijote on the labels. One company also makes a manchego-type cheese with basil added. These Costa-Rican cheeses can come dipped in paraffin, and some have the  pattern pressed on the side.
Question:
From which country does the cheese `Manchego' come?
Answer:
Islands of Spain
Passage:
Welshpool
Welshpool () is a town in Wales, historically in the county of Montgomeryshire, but currently administered as part of the unitary authority of Powys. The town is 4 mi from the Wales–England border and low-lying on the River Severn; its Welsh language name Y Trallwng literally means "the marshy or sinking land". Welshpool is the fourth largest town in Powys.

In English it was initially known as Pool but its name was changed to Welshpool in 1835 to distinguish it from the English town of Poole.  It has a population of 6,664 (United Kingdom Census 2011), contains much Georgian architecture and is just north of Powis Castle.

History

St Cynfelin (he is also known as St Matu) is reputed to be the founder of the church of St Mary's and St Cynfelin's in the town during "the age of the saints in Wales" in the 5th and 6th centuries.

The parish of Welshpool roughly coincides with the medieval commote of Ystrad Marchell in the cantref of Ystlyg in the Kingdom of Powys.

The Long Mountain, which plays as a backdrop to most of Welshpool, once served as the ultimate grounds for defence for fortresses in the times when the town was just a swampy marsh. Welshpool served briefly as the capital of Powys Wenwynwyn or South Powys after its prince was forced to flee the traditional Welsh royal site at Mathrafal in 1212. After 1284 Powys Wenwynwyn ceased to exist. 

The town was devastated by the forces of Owain Glyndŵr in 1400 at the start of his rebellion against the English king Henry IV. Today the waymarked long-distance footpath and National Trail Glyndŵr's Way runs through the town.

In 1411 the priest at the church St Mary's and St Cynfelin's was Adam of Usk.

Historic buildings

The Mermaid Inn, 28 High Street, was very probably an early 16th century merchant’s house, placed on a burgage plot between the High Street and Alfred Jones Court. The timber-ramed building has long storehouse or wing to the rear. The frontage was remodelled  1890, by Frank H. Shayler, architect, of Shrewsbury. Early illustrations of the building show that prior to this it had a thatched roof and that the timbering was not exposed. There is a passage to side with heavy box-framing in square panels, with brick infill exposed in side elevation and in rear wing. The frontage was exposed by Shayler to show decorative timber work on the upper storey. An Inn by the 19th century when it was owned by a family named Sparrow. 
  

There is an octagonal brick cockpit in New Street, which was built in the early 18th century and was in continual use for cockfighting until the practice was outlawed by the Cruelty to Animals Act 1849.  , it is the home of the town's Women's Institute.

Transport

Welshpool railway station is on the Cambrian Line and is served by Arriva Trains Wales. The town is also the starting point of the Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway, a narrow-gauge heritage railway popular with tourists, with its terminus station at Raven Square. The light railway once ran through the town to the Cambrian Line railway station, but today Raven Square, located on the western edge of the town, is the eastern terminus of the line.

A small network of bus services link surrounding towns and villages, mainly operated by Tanat Valley Coaches. Notable is service No X75, serving Shrewsbury to the east and Newtown and Llanidloes to the south west, also service No D71 to Oswestry via Guilsfield and Llanymynech. In addition there is a local town service operated by Owen's Coaches. The semi-disused Montgomery Canal also runs through Welshpool. To the south of the town is Welshpool Airport which is also known as the Mid Wales Airport.  Three major trunk roads pass through Welshpool: the A458, A483 and the A490.

Economy

The local economy is primarily based upon agriculture and local industry. The Smithfield Livestock Market is the largest one-day sheep market in Europe, whilst the town's industrial estates are home to numerous different types of small industry.
Due to the town's small size and population the attraction of high street stores is limited, meaning many of the residents are forced to shop in neighbouring towns like Newtown and Shrewsbury.

Education

The town is the home of Ardwyn Nursery and Infants School, Oldford Nursery and Infants School, Gungrog Nursery and Infants School, Maes-y-dre Primary School and Welshpool High School is a secondary school which teaches a range of pupils from ages 11–18 and is consistently set to a very high standard of education throughout Key Stage 3 and 4 and A Level studies.

Sport

Welshpool has a football club and a rugby union club, the former being Welshpool Town F.C. and the latter, Welshpool Rugby Football Club. The town also has hockey and cricket clubs. The Montgomeryshire Marauders Rugby League Club are also nominally based in Welshpool, as this is where the majority of their home fixtures take place.

Notes
Question:
On which river is the market town of Welshpool?
Answer:
Seven Boar
Passage:
St. Gallen–Altenrhein Airport
St. Gallen–Altenrhein Airport  is a small airport in Altenrhein in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland near Lake Constance. It is also known under its trading name People's Business Airport  and is the home base for People's Viennaline.

History

At the end of World War II, Swiss authorities identified existing locations that were to be modernized as regional airports, a second tier of infrastructure to support the primary urban airports, with St. Gallen-Altenrhein being one of the five. 

Austrian Airlines served St. Gallen-Altenrhein from Vienna since 2003 when it took over the route from Rheintalflug, a predecessor of InterSky. The airport decided to terminate the contracts with Austrian in 2011 and started their own airline, People's Viennaline, to serve the route. Austrian decided to continue the route as well in direct competition. As a result, there were up to six daily flights from the small airport to Vienna during that period. In spring 2013, Austrian announced the termination of their route to Vienna due to continuing losses as a result of the harsh competition.  After that, People's offered a codeshare agreement to Austrian, which they declined. 

Facilities

Terminal

The airport features a small passenger terminal building and some apron and hangar stands for aircraft such as the Embraer 170, business jets or general aviation planes such as the Cessna 172. As there are no jet bridges, walk-boarding is used.

Runway

The paved, eastbound runway 10 is equipped with an Instrument landing system (ILS CAT I).  Due to its short length the main runway can only be used by smaller passenger aircraft such as the Embraer E-Jets or the Bombardier Q Series.

Airlines and destinations

The following airlines offer regular scheduled and charter flights at St. Gallen–Altenrhein Airport: 

The nearest bigger airport is Friedrichshafen Airport in Germany, on the opposite side of Lake Constance 45 km to the northwest by ferry.

Ground transportation

The airport can be reached via motorway A1 (Zürich - Winterthur, Exit Rheineck-Thal). Taxis and a shuttle service are available. There is also a scheduled bus connection from the airport to the nearby towns of Rorschach and Rheineck and their railway stations.
Question:
St Gallen Airport is in which European country?
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:CH
Passage:
Ringo Kid
The Ringo Kid  is a fictional Western hero in the Marvel Comics' universe, whose comic book series was originally released by the company's 1950s predecessor, Atlas Comics. A lesser-known character than the company's Kid Colt, Rawhide Kid, or Two-Gun Kid, he also appeared in a reprint series in the 1970s.

The character is unrelated to the actor John Wayne's "Ringo Kid" in the Western film Stagecoach.

Publication history

Atlas Comics' Ringo Kid debuted in the first issue of a series billed on its trademarked cover logo as Ringo Kid for all but two issues (#1 and #3, cover-billed as Ringo Kid Western).  Created by an unknown writer and artist Joe Maneely, it ran 21 issues (cover-dated Aug. 1954 - Sept. 1957), drawn primarily by either Maneely or Fred Kida. Stories also ran occasionally in Wild Western, beginning with issue #38 (Nov. 1954), initially drawn by Maneely, with artist John Severin taking the reins in at least issues #46-47 (Nov. 1955 - Jan. 1956). Ringo was the lead feature in the two-issue anthology series Western Trails #1-2 (May & July 1957).   He also appears on the cover of Wild Western #39 (Dec. 1954), but not in an interior story.  

A five-page story entitled "The Ringo Kid" in Atlas' Western Outlaws & Sheriffs #73 (June 1952) is unrelated,  as is the four-page story "Ringo Kid" in Wild Western #26 (Feb. 1953). 

Marvel reprinted the series in Ringo Kid vol. 2, #1-30 (Jan. 1970 - Nov. 1976), often with the original Maneely covers. The Ringo Kid made his first appearance in present-day stories in a time travel tale in the superhero-team comic The Avengers #142 (Dec. 1975)

Marvel writer Steve Englehart planned a revival series at about this time, with art by Dick Ayers: "Every series I did took off so Marvel kept giving me more. I relaunched this classic Western — always my favorite of Marvel's true cowboy heroes (as opposed to the Two-Gun Kid, whom I also liked but who was more a superhero) — with classic Western artist Dick Ayres [sic]. But after this first issue was drawn and scripted, Marvel decided to do more superheroes and fewer cowboys, so it was set aside before inking". 

Fictional character biography

The Ringo Kid, dressed all in black, is a heroic gunslinger of the 19th-century American Old West with a Caucasian father, Cory Rand, and a Native American mother, Dawn Star, variously referred to as a Comanche or a Cheyenne "princess of her tribe despite the fact that the very idea of princesses was alien to that culture, imagined by settlers of European extraction, projecting their notions of royalty onto the natives." He was treated as an outcast because of his mixed heritage, and on the run after being falsely accused of a crime. With his sidekick Dull Knife, of his mother's people, he roamed the frontier atop his horse, Arab. His specific mission or goal appears not to have been stated explicitly, but there is intimation of some law-enforcement function: As many covers note breathlessly, "Ringo!" is "The name that makes killers tremble!"
Question:
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1938 film 'Stagecoach'?
Answer:
Michael Morris (John Wayne)
