Passage:
Kookaburra
Kookaburras are terrestrial tree kingfishers of the genus Dacelo native to Australia and New Guinea, which grow to between 28 – in length. The name is a loanword from Wiradjuri guuguubarra, onomatopoeic of its call. The single member of the genus Clytoceyx is commonly referred to as the shovel-billed kookaburra.

The kookaburra's loud call sounds like echoing human laughter. They are found in habitats ranging from humid forest to arid savanna, as well as in suburban areas with tall trees or near running water. Even though they belong to the larger group known as "kingfishers", kookaburras are not closely associated with water.

Classification and species

Four species of kookaburra can be found in Australia, New Guinea, and the Aru Islands.

Kookaburras are sexually dimorphic. This is noticeable in the blue-winged and the rufous-bellied, where males have blue tails and females have reddish-brown tails.
* Rufous-bellied kookaburra (Dacelo gaudichaud). (lowland New Guinea, Saibai island)
* Spangled kookaburra (Dacelo tyro). (Aru Islands, southern New Guinea)
* Blue-winged kookaburra (Dacelo leachii). (northern Australia, southern New Guinea)
* Laughing kookaburra (Dacelo novaeguineae). (native to eastern Australia, introduced to southwest Australia)

Unusually for close relatives, the laughing and blue-winged species are direct competitors in the area where their ranges now overlap. This suggests that these two species evolved in isolation (possibly during a period when Australia and New Guinea were more distant - see Australia-New Guinea.

Behaviour

Kookaburras are almost exclusively carnivorous, eating mice, snakes, insects, small reptiles, and the young of other birds; they have also been known to take goldfish from garden ponds. In zoos they are usually fed food for birds of prey.

The most social birds will accept handouts and will take meat from barbecues. It is generally not advised to feed kookaburras ground beef or pet food as these do not include enough calcium and roughage. 

They are territorial, except for the rufous-bellied, which often live with their young from the previous season.  They often sing as a chorus to mark their territory.

Conservation

All kookaburra species are listed as Least Concern. Australian law protects native birds including kookaburras.

In culture 

Olly the Kookaburra was one of the three mascots chosen for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The other mascots were Millie the Echidna and Syd the Platypus.

The distinctive sound of the laughing kookaburra's call is used in filmmaking and television productions, as well as certain Disney theme park attractions, regardless of African, Asian and South American jungle settings. Kookaburras have also appeared in video games (Lineage II, Battletoads, and World of Warcraft) and at least in one short story (Barry Wood's Nowhere to Go).

In William Arden's 1969 book, [http://www.tunneltwo.com/secrets/12.html The Mystery of the Laughing Shadow], (one of 'The Three Investigators' series for young readers), the laughing kookaburra is integral to the plot.
 
The children's television series Splatalot! includes an Australian character called "Kookaburra" (or "Kook"), whose costume includes decorative wings that recall the bird's plumage, and who is noted for his distinctive high-pitched laugh.

Music

* A well-known children's song, "Kookaburra"
* "Kookaburra", by Cocteau Twins, released on their EP Aikea-Guinea
* "Kookaburra" by John Vanderslice on 2007's Emerald City (album)
* The Kookaburras, an English band from the County Durham.
* The lyric "...the Laughing Kookaburras call.." appears in the song Across the Hills of Home on the album Something of Value by Eric Bogle

BFD Records and BFD Productions, which are the distributors and/or copyright holders of most of the garage rock and psychedelic rock compilation albums in the Pebbles series, have the address Kookaburra, Australia.

Postage stamps 

* A six pence stamp was issued in 1914.
* A three pence commemorative Australian stamp was issued for the 1928 Melbourne International Philatelic Exhibition, 
* A six pence stamp issued in 1932.
* A 38c Australian stamp issued in 1990 features a pair of kookaburras. 

Coins

An Australian coin known as the Silver Kookaburra minted annually since 1990. 

Yacht

The Australian 12 metre yacht Kookaburra III lost the America's Cup in 1987.[http://www.shipsonstamps.org/topics/html/amcup.htm Maritime Topics On Stamps, America Cup, Sailing]

Hockey 

The Australian Men's Hockey team is named after the kookaburra. They are currently (as of 2014) world champions in field hockey.
Question:
The Australian kookaburra is one of the largest species of which bird ?
Answer:
King fisher
Passage:
Boeing-Boeing (play)
Boeing-Boeing is a classic farce written by the French playwright Marc Camoletti. The English language adaptation, translated by Beverley Cross, was first staged in London at the Apollo Theatre in 1962 and transferred to the Duchess Theatre in 1965, running for a total of seven years. In 1991, the play was listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the most performed French play throughout the world.
Synopsis

It’s the 1960s, and swinging bachelor Bernard couldn't be happier: a flat in Paris and three gorgeous stewardesses all engaged to him without knowing about each other. But Bernard’s perfect life gets bumpy when his friend Robert comes to stay and a new and speedier Boeing jet throws off all of his careful planning. Soon all three stewardesses are in town simultaneously, timid Robert is forgetting which lies to tell to whom, and catastrophe looms.

Characters

* Bernard– a Parisian architect and lothario (turned into an American who resides in Paris in the most recent Broadway production)
* Berthe– Bernard's French Housekeeper
* Robert– Bernard's old school chum (from Wisconsin) 
* Jaqueline (or Gabriella)– the French fiancée (or the Italian fiancée) and air hostess
* Janet (or Gloria)– the American fiancée and air hostess
* Judith (or Gretchen)– the German fiancée and air hostess

Productions

The English version of the play was first staged in London's West End at the Apollo Theatre in 1962 with David Tomlinson in the lead role and then transferred to the Duchess Theatre in 1965, running for a total of seven years.

The play was produced on Broadway at the Cort Theatre from February 2, 1965, closing on February 20, 1965, after 23 performances.    Directed by Jack Minster, the cast included Ian Carmichael, Susan Carr, Diana Millay and Gerald Harper.

The play was also on in Blackpool  at the South Pier during 1967 and featured Vicki Woolf, Dandy Nichols, Hugh Lloyd, Ann Sidney and Christina Taylor. 

The play was adapted by W!LD RICE production in Singapore in 2002. It was directed by Glen Goei, Glen and the company revisited, modernized, and relocated this classic comedy to Asia and the present day, whilst keeping faithful to the text and the spirit of the play. The three air hostesses's nationalities were changed to Singapore, Hong Kong and Japan. The show starred Lim Yu-Beng, Pam Oei, Emma Yong, Chermaine Ang, Sean Yeo & Mae Paner-Rosa. 

Boeing-Boeing was revived in London in February 2007 at the Comedy Theatre in a production directed by Matthew Warchus. Once again the play proved to be a hit with critics and audiences alike. The original cast of the production featured Roger Allam as Bernard, Frances de la Tour as Bertha, Mark Rylance as Robert, and Tamzin Outhwaite, Daisy Beaumont and Michelle Gomez as Bernard's three fiancées, Gloria, Gabriella and Gretchen. This production received two Olivier Award nominations, for Best Revival and Best Actor (Mark Rylance), but won neither.   Elena Roger later took on the role of Gabriela.

Warchus also directed the 2008 Broadway revival, which started previews on April 19, 2008 and opened on May 4 at the Longacre Theatre to good reviews.  The cast featured Christine Baranski as Berthe, Mark Rylance, reprising his role as Robert, Bradley Whitford as Bernard, Gina Gershon as Gabriella, Mary McCormack as Gretchen and Kathryn Hahn as Gloria. The curtain call of this revival was choreographed by Kathleen Marshall with original music by Claire van Kampen.  The production closed on January 4, 2009, after 279 performances and 17 previews.  A 45-week North American tour began in Fall 2009.   The production won the Best Revival of a Play and Rylance won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actor. The production was nominated for several other Tony Awards including: Best Featured Actress (Mary McCormack), Best Director (Matthew Warchus), Best Costume Design (Rob Howell) and Best Sound Design (Simon Baker). The production won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play, and Mark Rylance won for lead actor in a play.  A current production directed by Dennis Začek  is at Drury Lane Theatre in Oak Brook Terrace, IL  and stars Nora Dunn as Berthe (as it is rendered in the program), Stef Tovar  as Bernard, and Dan Cantor  as Robert, who is a rube from Wisconsin in this Chicago area production. The stewardesses are Gloria in red from TWA, played by Kara Zediker, Gabriella in blue from Alitalia played by Dina DiConstanzo,  and Gretchen in yellow from Lufthansa played by Katherine Keberlein. 

2007 West End revival

2008 Broadway

 

Adaptations

* Boeing Boeing (1965 film), American film adapted by Edward Anhalt with John Rich directing, stars Jerry Lewis, Tony Curtis and Thelma Ritter, released by Paramount Pictures
* Boeing Boeing (1985 film), Malayalam film adaptation by Priyadarshan starring Mohan Lal, Mukesh, and M.G. Soman
* Chilakkottudu, Telugu film adaption by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Jagapati Babu and Rajendra Prasad
* Garam Masala (2005 film), Hindi film adaptation by Priyadarshan starring Akshay Kumar, John Abraham, and Paresh Rawal
* Nee Tata Naa Birla, Kannada film adaptation.
Question:
In which 1960's play, revived in London in 2007, does a Parisian architect have three air-hostess fiancees?
Answer:
Boeing Boeing (disambiguation)
Passage:
The Sugarcubes
The Sugarcubes (Sykurmolarnir in Icelandic) were an Icelandic alternative rock band formed in 1986 and disbanded in 1992. They received critical and popular acclaim internationally.

History

The members of The Sugarcubes had formerly been in a variety of Icelandic bands. Björk had the longest career out of any of the members—she had recorded an album as early as 11 years old, and in her late teens, she joined the Icelandic post-punk band Tappi Tikarrass, who released two albums before splitting in 1983. Drummer Siggi (Sigtryggur) Baldursson was a member of Þeyr, and Einar Örn Benediktsson and Bragi Ólafsson formed a punk band called Purrkur Pillnikk. By 1984, Björk, Einar Örn, and Siggi had formed the supergroup KUKL with keyboardist Einar Melax, and released 2 albums  on the independent British record label Crass Records.

The Sugarcubes formed on June 8, 1986, with vocalist Björk, Björk's then-husband Þór (Thor) Eldon on guitar, and Bragi Ólafsson on bass. (That same day Björk gave birth to her and Þór Eldon's son, Sindri Eldon). 

The band's music has been described as avant-pop,   and was characterized by a psychedelic post-punk sound sometimes reminiscent of The B-52's and Talking Heads, whimsical yet heartfelt lyrics, and the imploring, girlish voice of Björk, accompanied by Einar Orn's erratic vocal performances.

In late 1987, the band signed to One Little Indian in the UK, Elektra Records in the US. The Sugarcubes released their debut album, Life's Too Good, in 1988, to critical acclaim in both the UK and the US. They first came to notice in the UK when radio DJ John Peel played "Birthday".  It became an indie hit in Britain, later voted single of the year, and a college radio hit in America. "Cold Sweat" and "Deus" were also released as singles and made the lower reaches of the UK charts, while the US single "Motorcrash" went top ten in the Modern Rock charts.

By the time the group recorded its second album, Þór had divorced Björk and married Magga Ornolfsdottir, who became the group's keyboardist after Einar Melax left. Bragi divorced his wife, who happened to be the twin sister of Siggi's wife. It was rumoured that he entered into a civil partnership with Einar Örn, but this turned out to be a hoax.

Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!, the band's second album, was released in 1989. The greater vocal contribution by Einar Örn on the record was criticized in many of the record's reviews, which were noticeably weaker than those for Life's Too Good. The singles "Regina" and "Planet" topped the UK indie charts but fared poorly in the mainstream charts outside of Iceland.  After the release of Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!, the band embarked on a lengthy international tour.

At the conclusion of the tour in late 1990, the bandmembers pursued their own individual interests. Stick Around for Joy, the band's third album, was released in February 1992. Stick Around for Joy received better reviews than Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!, and spawned the band's first big hit single, the aptly titled "Hit". Further singles "Walkabout" and "Vitamin" failed to make any chart impact however. The Sugarcubes disbanded in late December of 1992. A collection of remixes entitled It's It was released in October 1992 along with a re-release of "Birthday" which was backed by numerous remixes of the song. The band remain friends to this day and are all still involved in the management of record label Smekkleysa (Bad Taste Ltd).

On November 17, 2006, the band had a one-off reunion concert at Laugardalshöll sport arena in Reykjavík, Iceland, to celebrate the 20th anniversary of their debut single with all profits going to the non-profit Smekkleysa SM to promote Icelandic music.  They were supported by fellow Icelandic groups múm and Rass.  Despite this reunion, the group has expressed that it has no intention to play future shows or record new material.

Line up

* Björk Guðmundsdóttir (vocals, keyboards)
* Einar Örn Benediktsson (vocals, trumpet)
* Sigtryggur Baldursson (drums)
* Þór Eldon (guitar)
* Bragi Ólafsson (bass)
* Margrét (Magga) Örnólfsdóttir (keyboards) - 1989+.
* Einar Melax (keyboards) - 1987-89. Replaced by Margrét Örnólfsdóttir.
* Fridrik Erlingsson (guitar) - left the band at the time of the first album release

Discography

Studio albums

Compilations and remixes

Singles

Vinyl and CD boxes

*1989 - 12.11 (One Little Indian Records)
*1989 - 7.8 (One Little Indian Records)
*1989 - CD.6 (One Little Indian Records)
*2006 - The Complete Studio Albums Box - 3× CD repacked box with three main English language studio albums. Released to celebrate 20th Anniversary reunion concert (One Little Indian Records)

Collaborations and featuring

*1987 - Snarl 2 (Erðanumúsík), Icelandic compilation. Featuring under the name of Sykurmolarnir.
*1987 - Luftgítar (Smekkleysa), album by Johnny Triumph.
*1987 - Skytturnar (Gramm), soundtrack to the movie directed by Friðrik Þór Fríðriksson.
*1988 - One Little Indian - Greatest Hits Volume One (One Little Indian), greatest hits (volume 1) released by One Little Indian.
*1990 - Hættuleg hljómsveit & glæpakvendið Stella (Megas), album by Megas.
*1990 - World Domination or Death Volume 1 (Smekkleysa/Workers Playtime PLAY), compilation.
*1990 - One Little Indian - Greatest Hits Volume Two (One Little Indian), greatest hits (volume 2) released by One Little Indian.
*1990 - Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary (Elektra Records), Elektra Records anniversary compilation.
*1993 - Welcome to the Future (One Little Indian), compilation.

Other releases

*1988 - Sugarcubes Interview Disc (One Little Indian)
*1992 - The Video (The Sugarcubes video album), music video collection
*1992 - Murder and Killing in Hell, music video collection
*1998 - The Great Crossover Potential (One Little Indian)
*1998 - Avengers (soundtrack) (WEA/Atlantic)- Feat. Annie Lennox's Cover of The Sugarcubes "Mama".
*1998 - Music Inspired by the Motion Picture: The Avengers (BIG EAR)
*2006 - The DVD (One Little Indian), music video collection.
*2006 - Live Zabor DVD (One Little Indian), 1988 live performance.

References and notes
Question:
Who was the lead singer on the Sugarcubes 1992 song called Hit?
Answer:
Björk
Passage:
Singapore in Malaysia
Singapore was one of the 14 states of Malaysia from 1963 to 1965. Malaysia was formed on 16 September 1963 as a new political entity from the merger of the Federation of Malaya with former British colonies of North Borneo, Sarawak and Singapore. This marked the end of a 144-year period of British rule in Singapore, beginning with the founding of modern Singapore by Sir Stamford Raffles in 1819.

The union, however, was unstable due to distrust and ideological differences between leaders of the State of Singapore and the federal government of Malaysia. Such issues resulted in frequent disagreements relating to economics, finance and politics. The United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), which was the political party in power in the federal government, saw the participation of the Singapore-based People's Action Party (PAP) in the Malaysian general election of 1964 as a threat to its Malay-based political system. There were also major racial riots that year involving the majority Chinese community and the Malay community in Singapore. During a 1965 Singaporean by-election, UMNO threw its support behind the opposition Barisan Sosialis candidate. In 1965, Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman decided upon the expulsion of Singapore from the Federation, leading to the independence of Singapore on 9 August 1965. 

Background

The People's Action Party (PAP) won the first election in Singapore after the merger. 

Racial tensions

Racial tensions increased dramatically within a year. They were fuelled by the Barisan Sosialis's tactics of stirring up communal sentiment as the pro-Communist party sought to use means to survive against the crackdown by both the government of Singapore and the Federal Government. In particular, despite the Malaysian government conceding citizenship to the many Chinese immigrants after independence, in Singapore the Chinese disdained the Federal policies of affirmative action, which granted special privileges to the Malays guaranteed under Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia. These included financial and economic benefits that were preferentially given to Malays and the recognition of Islam as the sole official religion, although non-Muslims maintained freedom of worship.

Malays and Muslims in Singapore were being increasingly incited by the Federal Government's accusations that the PAP was mistreating the Malays. Numerous racial riots resulted, and curfews were frequently imposed to restore order. The external political situation was also tense at the time, with Indonesia actively against the establishment of the Federation of Malaysia. President Sukarno of Indonesia declared a state of Konfrontasi (Confrontation) against Malaysia and initiated military and other actions against the new nation, including the bombing of MacDonald House in Singapore in March 1965 by Indonesian commandos which killed three people.  Indonesia also conducted seditious activities to provoke the Malays against the Chinese.  One of the more notorious riots was the 1964 race riots that took place on Prophet Muhammad's birthday on 21 July, near Kallang Gasworks; twenty-three were killed and hundreds injured. More riots broke out in September 1964. The price of food skyrocketed when the transport system was disrupted during this period of unrest, causing further hardship. The Singapore Government later named 21 July each year as Racial Harmony Day.

Disagreement

The Federal Government of Malaysia, dominated by the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), was concerned that as long as Singapore remained in the Federation, the bumiputera policy of affirmative action for Malays and the indigenous population would be undermined and therefore run counter to its agenda of addressing economic disparities between racial groups. One of the major concerns was that the PAP continued to ignore these disparities in their repeated cry for a "Malaysian Malaysia" – the equal treatment of all races in Malaysia by the government which should serve Malaysian citizens without any regard for the economic conditions of any particular race. Another contributor was the fear that the economic dominance of Singapore's port would inevitably shift political power away from Kuala Lumpur in time, should Singapore remain in the Federation.

The state and federal governments also had disagreements on the economic front. Despite an earlier agreement to establish a common market, Singapore continued to face restrictions when trading with the rest of Malaysia. In retaliation, Singapore did not extend to Sabah and Sarawak the full extent of the loans agreed to for economic development of the two eastern states. The situation escalated to such an intensity that talks soon broke down and abusive speeches and writing became rife on both sides. UMNO extremists called for the arrest of Lee Kuan Yew.

Expulsion

On 7 August 1965, Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, seeing no alternative to avoid further bloodshed, advised the Parliament of Malaysia that it should vote to expel Singapore from Malaysia. Despite last-ditch attempts by PAP leaders, including Lee Kuan Yew, to keep Singapore as a state in the union, the Parliament on 9 August 1965 voted 126–0 in favor of the expulsion of Singapore, with Members of Parliament from Singapore not present. On that day, a tearful Lee announced that Singapore was a sovereign, independent nation and assumed the role of Prime Minister of the new nation. His speech included this quote: "I mean for me, it would be a moment of anguish because all my life….you see the whole of my adult life…. I have believed in Malaysia, merger and the unity of the two territories. You know it's a people connected by geography, economics, and ties of kinship... ." 

Under constitutional amendments passed in December that year, the new state became the Republic of Singapore, with the Yang di-Pertuan Negara becoming President, and the Legislative Assembly becoming the Parliament of Singapore. These changes were made retroactive to the date of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. The Malaya and British Borneo dollar remained legal tender until the introduction of the Singapore dollar in 1967. Before the currency split, there were discussions about a common currency between the Malaysian and Singaporean Governments.
Question:
Which country is separated from Singapore by the Johor Strait?
Answer:
Etymology of Malaysia
Passage:
Carlton Centre
The Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg, South Africa. At , it has been the tallest office building in Africa since 1973. The Carlton Centre has 50 floors. The foundations of the two buildings in the complex are 5 m in diameter and extend 15 m down to the bedrock, 35 m below street level. The building houses both offices and shops, and has over 46 per cent of the floor area below ground level.
The Carlton Centre is linked to the Carlton Hotel by a below-ground shopping centre with over 180 shops. 

History

The Carlton Centre was designed by the American architectural firm Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. Anglo American Properties began construction in the late 1960s by demolishing the old Carlton Hotel and the closing roads to form a city superblock.  Excavations for the Carlton began in January 1967, and took two years to complete.  Although occupation of the Centre began in 1971, construction was not finally completed until 1974.  The building officially opened in 1973 at a total cost of over R88 million. 

The building is the head office of transport parastatal Transnet, who purchased it in 1999.  In June 2007, then Transnet group chief executive Maria Ramos revealed the company's intention to offer the building for sale. The Carlton Centre has served as Transnet's headquarters since 2000, after the parastatal purchased it for R33 million from Anglo American Properties.   The disposal of the property forms part of Transnet's restructuring program which includes the disposal of non-core assets.  Due to the economic downturn that began in 2008, the parastatal announced it would not seek a buyer until markets recovered.

Although Transnet has given no indication of the price, the replacement cost of the building has been estimated at R1.5 billion. 

The centre, after being almost empty, now boasts 93 percent occupancy of its office space and retail occupancy of 65 percent. The Centre is slowly starting to pick up as investment continues to pour into the city centre: a Pick 'n Pay plans to take 3 000 square metres and the South African Revenue Service has moved from Rissik Street to its premises of 5 000 square metres in the centre. Today the Carlton Centre is a bustling shopping precinct again, the site of shops like Soviet, Aca Joe, Totalsports and Levisons. There are plans to re-open a hotel in the Carlton Centre in the near future. 

Other information

The 50th and topmost floor of the Carlton Centre is known colloquially as the "Top of Africa". Once the tallest building in the Southern Hemisphere, the Carlton Centre opened with the 5-star and 30-story Carlton Hotel taking up most of the floor space of the complex. The hotel was popular among the rich and famous, hosting many famous guests over the years. Urban decay in the inner city during the 1990s took a toll on the hotel, which shut its doors in 1998 after nearly 25 years of operation.
Question:
What city that is home to Africa's tallest building (the Carlton Centre) is the largest city in the world not on a lake, navigable river or by the coast?
Answer:
Joberg
Passage:
Brickfielder
The Brickfielder is a hot and dry wind in the desert of Southern Australia that occurs in the summer season.  It blows in the coastal regions of the south from the outback, where the sandy wastes, bare of vegetation in summer, are intensely heated by the sun. This hot wind blows strongly, often for several days at a time, defying all attempts to keep the dust down, and parching all vegetation. It is in one sense a healthy wind, as, being exceedingly dry and hot, it destroys many injurious germs.  The northern brickfielder is almost invariably followed by a strong "southerly buster," cloudy and cool from the ocean. The two winds are due to the same cause, viz. a cyclonic system over the Australian Bight. These systems frequently extend inland as a narrow V-shaped depression (the apex northward), bringing the winds from the north on their eastern sides and from the south on their western. Hence as the narrow system passes eastward the wind suddenly changes from north to south, and the thermometer has been known to fall 15 F in twenty minutes. 

The brickfielder precedes the passage of a frontal zone of a low pressure system passing by, and  causes severe dust storms that often last for days and led to its naming as the winds blow up red brick dust.  A more frequently used term for the winds is a "burster".
Question:
The 'Brickfielder' is a hotdry wind in which country?
Answer:
Australia (Commonwealth realm)
Passage:
Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force
Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF; ), was the headquarters of the Commander of Allied forces in north west Europe, from late 1943 until the end of World War II. U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower was in command of SHAEF throughout its existence. The position itself shares a common lineage with Supreme Allied Commander Europe and Atlantic, but they are different titles.

History during the Second World War

Eisenhower transferred from command of the Mediterranean Theater of Operations to command SHAEF, which was formed in Camp Griffiss, Bushy Park, Teddington, London, from December 1943; an adjacent street named Shaef Way remains to this day. Southwick House was used as an alternative headquarters near Portsmouth. Its staff took the outline plan for Operation Overlord created by Lieutenant General Sir Frederick E. Morgan, COSSAC (Chief of Staff to the Supreme Commander Allied Forces), and Major General Ray Barker.  Morgan, who had been appointed chief of staff to the Supreme Allied Commander (designate) in mid-March 1943 began planning for the invasion of Europe before Eisenhower's appointment.  and moulded it into the final version, which was executed on 6 June 1944. That process was shaped by Eisenhower and the land forces commander for the initial part of the invasion, General Sir Bernard Law Montgomery.

SHAEF remained in the United Kingdom until sufficient forces were ashore to justify its transfer to France.  At that point, Montgomery ceased to command all land forces but continued as Commander in Chief of the British 21st Army Group (21 AG) on the eastern wing of the Normandy bridgehead.  The American 12th Army Group (12 AG) commanded by Lieutenant General Omar Bradley was created as the western wing of the bridgehead. As the breakout from Normandy took place, the Allies launched the invasion of southern France on 15 August 1944 with the American 6th Army Group (6 AG) under the command of Lieutenant General Jacob L. Devers. During the invasion of southern France, the 6 AG was under the command of the Allied Forces Headquarters (AFHQ) of the Mediterranean Theatre of Operations, but after one month command passed to SHAEF. By this time the three Army Groups had taken up the positions on the Western Front in which they would remain until the end of the war—the British 21 AG to the North, the American 12 AG in the middle and the 6 AG to the South. By December 1944, SHAEF had established itself in the Trianon Palace Hotel in Versailles, France.  On February it moves to Rheims and 26 April 1945 SHAEF moved to Frankfurt. 

Order of Battle 

SHAEF commanded the largest number of formations ever committed to one operation on the Western Front, with American, French army of liberation, British and Canadian Army forces. It had three Army Groups under its command, which controlled a total of eight field armies; 

*First Allied Airborne Army
*British 21st Army Group
**First Canadian Army 
**Second British Army
*American 12th Army Group
**First United States Army
**Third United States Army
**Ninth United States Army
**Fifteenth United States Army
*American 6th Army Group
**French First Army
**Seventh United States Army

SHAEF also controlled substantial naval forces during Operation Neptune, the assault phase of Overlord, and two tactical air forces: the US Ninth Air Force and the RAF Second Tactical Air Force. Allied strategic bomber forces in the UK also came under its command during Operation Neptune.

Commanders

*Supreme Allied Commander: General Dwight David Eisenhower 
*Deputy Supreme Allied Commander: Air Chief Marshal Sir Arthur Tedder
*Ground Forces Commanders:
**Field Marshal Sir Bernard Law Montgomery (21st Army Group)
**Lieutenant General Omar N. Bradley (12th Army Group)
**Lieutenant General Jacob L. Devers (6th Army Group)
*Air Forces Commander: Air Marshal Sir Trafford Leigh-Mallory (Allied Expeditionary Air Force)
*Naval Forces Commander: Admiral Sir Bertram Ramsay. 

After World War II

After the surrender of Germany, SHAEF was dissolved on 14 July 1945 and, with respect to the US forces, was replaced by US Forces, European Theater (USFET). USFET was reorganized as EUCOM (European Command, not to be confused with the present-day United States European Command) on 15 March 1947.
Question:
Who was the Supreme Commander of the Allied forces in Europe during WWII?
Answer:
Eisenhower Dwight
Passage:
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923
William Butler Yeats
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923
William Butler Yeats
Prize share: 1/1
The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923 was awarded to William Butler Yeats "for his always inspired poetry, which in a highly artistic form gives expression to the spirit of a whole nation".
Photos: Copyright © The Nobel Foundation
Share this:
To cite this page
MLA style: "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1923". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 29 Dec 2016. <http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/literature/laureates/1923/>
Question:
Who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1923, the first Irishman to receive the award?
Answer:
W. B. Yates
Passage:
Mother Teresa - Facts - Nobel Prize
Mother Teresa  - Facts
Mother Teresa
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979
Mother Teresa
Born: 26 August 1910, Uskup (now Skopje), Ottoman Empire (now Republic of Macedonia)
Died: 5 September 1997, Calcutta, India
Residence at the time of the award: India
Role: Leader of Missionaries of Charity, Calcutta
Field: humanitarian work
Prize share: 1/1
Saint in the Gutter - and Saint in Heaven?
At the age of twelve, the Catholic Albanian girl Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu heard a call. God demanded that she devote her life to Him. She entered a nunnery, received an education, and was sent to Calcutta in India to be a teacher. Her new name was Teresa. In India she received a second call from God: to help the poor while living among them. She founded a new sisterhood, Missionaries of Charity. Mother Teresa and her helpers built homes for orphans, nursing homes for lepers and hospices for the terminally ill in Calcutta. Mother Teresa's organization also engaged in aid work in other parts of the world.
The modest nun became known all over the world, and money poured in. But she was also criticized. It was alleged that dying people in the hospices were refused pain relief, whereas Mother Teresa herself accepted hospital treatment. She also held a conservative view on abortion. She was regarded as a spokesperson for the Vatican. In 2003, the Pope took the first step towards her canonization.
Copyright © The Norwegian Nobel Institute
Share this:
Question:
Which Catholic missionary and Nobel laureate died in 1997?
Answer:
Gonxhe Bojaxhi
Passage:
Sophie Hunter
Sophie Irene Hunter (born 16 March 1978)  is an English avant-garde theatre and opera director, playwright, and former performer. She made her directorial debut in 2007 co-directing the experimental play The Terrific Electric at the Barbican Pit after her theatre company Boileroom was granted the Samuel Beckett Theatre Trust Award. In addition, she has directed an Off-Off-Broadway revival of Henrik Ibsen's Ghosts (2010) at Access Theatre, the performance art titled Lucretia (2011) based on Benjamin Britten's opera The Rape of Lucretia at Location One's Abramovic Studio in New York City, and the Phantom Limb Company's 69° South also known as Shackleton Project (2011) which premièred at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Harvey Theatre and later toured North America.

In August 2015, Hunter directed Phaedra to critical acclaim at the fourth Happy Days Enniskillen International Beckett Festival. In October 2015 she staged The Turn of the Screw in Suffolk and London for Aldeburgh Music, which received acclaim from critics.

Early life and education

Hunter was born in Hammersmith, west London   to parents Anna Katharine (née Gow) and Charles Rupert. The couple later divorced.  She has two younger brothers, Timothy and Patrick as well as two half-siblings from her father's second marriage.  She is a niece of pianist Julius Drake.  Her maternal grandfather is the General Sir Michael James Gow GCB, who worked with Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester in the 1950s and was Aide-de-Camp General to the Queen from 1981 to 1984.   Hunter's maternal great-great grandfather was World War I politician J. E. B. Seely, 1st Baron Mottistone. 

Hunter attended St Paul's Girls' School in Hammersmith before studying Modern Languages with a concentration in French and Italian at Oxford University.  After graduating from Oxford, Hunter resided in Paris to study avant-garde theatre for two years at the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq.  She then trained at the Saratoga International Theatre Institute in New York City under theatre and opera director Anne Bogart. 

Career

Theatre

Hunter co-founded the Lacuna Theatre Company, and was an associate director at Royal Court Theatre in the West End and Broadhurst Theatre in Broadway for the play Enron. She is the co-founder and artistic director of theatre company Boileroom, which won the 2007 Samuel Theatre Trust Award for the avant-garde play The Terrific Electric.  In addition, she also serves as collaborating director and dramaturge on marionette and puppetry production with the Phantom Limb Company. 

Known for her avant-garde plays,  Hunter has directed, performed and conceived theatre productions throughout Europe, the Middle East and North America.   She directed the experimental play 69° South (2013), the New York performance art titled Lucretia (2011) based on Benjamin Britten's opera The Rape of Lucretia and the 2010 revival of Henrik Ibsen's Ghosts. She was a member of the performance collective Militia Canteen. 

In collaboration with music director Andrew Staples, Hunter directed mezzo-soprano Ruby Philogene in Phaedra (2015) at the Happy Days Enniskillen International Beckett Festival in Northern Ireland. The production was met with praise with The Guardian saying it is "exquisitely realized," The Stage hailing it as "creative brilliance," and The Times describing it "astonishing".    She has also staged Benjamin Britten's The Turn of the Screw in Suffolk and London for Aldeburgh Music.  

Creative arts

Hunter worked on the transfer of Punchdrunk's Sleep No More to New York City in 2011 while serving as creative director for the theatre company Emursive. She has also directed the company's theatrical experiences The Forgotten (2012)  and Don't Major In Debt Student House (2012). In 2013, she developed Loma Lights (2013), one of the largest public arts programs in New York.

Music

In 2005, Hunter recorded a French-language music album titled The Isis Project in collaboration with songwriter Guy Chambers.  In 2011, she released an English-language EP titled Songs for a Boy, again with Chambers.  Hunter has also collaborated with Armin van Buuren for the song "Virtual Friend" which was included in Buuren's 2010 album Mirage. 

Film and television

Earlier in her career, Hunter has acted in film and television. She has had supporting roles in the television series Midsomer Murders (2004), Keen Eddie (2004), Mumbai Calling (2007) and Torchwood (2009). In 2004, she played Maria Osborne in the costume drama film Vanity Fair starring Reese Witherspoon and played Annabel Blythe-Smith in the 2009 thriller film Burlesque Fairytales.

Recognition

*Oxford Samuel Beckett Theatre Trust Award (2007) 
*International Artist Fellowship by Location One, New York City (2010/11) 

Personal life

Hunter had a long-term relationship with sculptor Conrad Shawcross whom she met while studying at Oxford.  The couple split in early 2010.  On 14 February 2015, she married actor Benedict Cumberbatch at St. Peter and St. Paul Church on the Isle of Wight followed by a reception at Mottistone Manor.    They have a son, Christopher Carlton, who was born in the summer of 2015.   Hunter speaks fluent French and Italian. She is also a skilled pianist. 

Selected credits

Theatre

As director

As actor

Film and television

Discography
Question:
Which well-known actor did the actress and theatre director Sophie Hunter marry in 2015?
Answer:
Benedict cumberbatch
Passage:
Coronation Street: Anne Kirkbride overcome with emotion as ...
Coronation Street: Anne Kirkbride overcome with emotion as they film on-screen mother Blanche's funeral | Daily Mail Online
Coronation Street: Anne Kirkbride overcome with emotion as they film on-screen mother Blanche's funeral
Spoiler alert!
comments
After years of filming a majority of their scenes together, it's no surprise Anne Kirkbride grew a strong bond with her late Coronation Street co-star Maggie Jones.
As Kirkbride filmed scenes of her on-screen mother Blanche Hunt's funeral  in Manchester today, she unsurprisingly found it a bit close to home.
The 55-year-old actress, who plays Deirdre Barlow, found she needed to take a break from filming as she was overcome with emotion.
Overcome: Anne Kirkbride is comforted by a crew member and an actor as she takes a break from filming Blanche's funeral in Coronation Street
Sadly missed: Actress Maggie Jones, who played Blanche Hunt
Blanche's soap funeral comes nearly four months after the actress who had played her since 1974 died following a short illness.
Jones died in a Manchester hospital on December 2 aged 75, but continued to remain on screen until December 11.
She dropped out of filming in October after being admitted to hospital, with soap bosses hastily writing a storyline where Blanche flew to Portugal with a friend.
In the soap, it is expected Deirdre will soon discover her mother had died in Portugal and the funeral will take place in scenes to be screened on ITV in May.
At a memorial service for Jones last month, Kirkbride paid tribute to her on-screen mother: 'I am finding it difficult. I loved Maggie very much and losing her is like losing a parent.
'I loved working with her, she was a dear friend.'
The upcoming funeral will see the return of Deirdre's daughter Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), when she is temporarily released from prison to attend the service in handcuffs.
Scrapping: Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) lashes out at Becky McDonald (Katherine Kelly) after seeing her with her daughter Amy
Tracy, played by actress Kate Ford, is currently three years into a life sentence for the murder of lover Charlie Stubbs.
However after spotting her daughter Amy (Amber Chadwick) being cuddled by her stepmother Becky McDonald (Katherine Kelly), Tracy lashes out - despite still being attached to a prison warden.
RELATED ARTICLES
Share
Tracy lunges at Becky, who is held back by her husband Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson).
Having being separated from the six-year-old for several years, Tracy is desperate to see her daughter.
The Corrie cast have been filming Blanche's funeral on location in a Manchester church all week.
Calm down: Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) holds back his wife after separating her from the mother of his daughter
Yesterday, Blanche's son-in-law Ken Barlow (William Roache), step-grandson Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne), Roy Cropper (David Neilson) and Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) were seen carrying a coffin out of the church.
The dramatic scenes are paving the way for Tracy to return to the cobbles later this year.
Scriptwriters will have a challenge on their hands bringing Tracy back to Corrie as the judge ruled she must serve a minimum of 15 years with no chance of parole.
The funeral also brings back another former Corrie character, undertaker Archie Shuttleworth (Roy Hudd), and introduces the new character of Blanche's friend May, played by Absolutely Fabulous actress June Whitfield.
Before the service, the residents of Weatherfield are given the final insult from witty Blanche in her will.
Blanche is said to surprise The Kabin newsagent Norris by including him in the will, only to inform him she has cancelled her subscription to Crossword Monthly.
She also insults Betty Williams (Betty Driver) by asking that none of 'Betty's terrible hotpots' are served at her funeral.
She also warns Ken not to 'bury me on the cheap' when it comes to paying for her funeral.
• Blanche's funeral episode will be screened on ITV1 in May.
Question:
"In TV's, ""Coronation Street"", which comic actor played the role of the amorous undertaker, Archie Shuttleworth?"
Answer:
ROY HUDD
Passage:
Deltiology
Deltiology (from Greek , deltion, diminutive of , deltos, "writing tablet, letter"; and , -logia) is the study and collection of postcards. Professor Randall Rhoades of Ashland, Ohio, coined a word in 1945 that became the accepted description of the study of picture postcards.   It initially took about 20 years for the name to appear in a dictionary. Compared to philately, the identification of a postcard's place and time of production can often be an impossible task because postcards, unlike stamps, are produced in a decentralised, unregulated manner. For this reason, some collectors choose to limit their acquisitions to cards by specific artists and publishers, or by time and location.

Identification

There are some general rules to dating when a postcard was printed.  Postcards are generally sent within a few years of their printing so the postmark helps date a postcard. If the card is original and not a reprint, a postcard's original printing date can be deduced from such things as the fashions worn by people in the card, the era in which the cars on the street were made, and other time-sensitive clues.  Postcards produced by the Curt Teich Company can be dated more exactly if the stamp box on the reverse is visible, since the company printed a date code within the stamp box.  Joe Tiberio is thought to have the world's largest postcard collection. A guide to the year published is available at [http://www.lcfpd.org/docs/teich_guide_dating.pdf Guide to dating Teich cards]

Picture postcards (PPCs) can be assigned to "the Golden Age of Postcards" (1898–1919), the time of the linens (circa 1930-1950), or to the modern chromes (after 1940).
 Modern chromes are color photographs and thus differ from photochromes generated from black and white photographs before ca. 1915. PPCs can also be differentiated on the basis of other features: undivided backs are typical for c1901-1906, and divided backs for c1907-1915, while white border cards are common from c1915-1930.

Practice

Postcards are collected by historical societies, libraries and genealogical societies because of their importance in research such as how a city looked at a particular time in history as well as social history.  Many elementary schools use postcards to teach children geography.  Postcard Penpal programs have been established to help children in language arts.

Deltiologists, as postcard collectors are called, collect for a variety of reasons. Some are attracted to the postcards themselves, then narrow down their interests. Others are interested in something in particular, such as ballet, then decide to collect ballet-related postcards as a way to augment their interest in ballet.

One of the most popular areas of collecting is "town views" – actual scenes from a particular town or region. Most collectors of town views start by collecting views of the town where they reside or the town where they grew up. With many small towns having hundreds of different cards available, it is an area that can keep a collector busy for years.

The hottest cards in the town view category are real photo postcards (RPPCs), postcards printed on actual photographic paper using the photographic process rather than printed cards created on a printing press. The attraction of a RPPC is that the scene shown is an actual scene from the past whereas a printed card can often be an artist's conception of how the particular scene appeared. RPPCs are usually much rarer than printed cards as printed cards were easier to produce in large numbers. The most reliable method of differentiating the two is with a magnifying glass. A printed card viewed through a glass will display a series of dots used to create the image that are lacking in a RPPC. Another way to identify a RPPC is by information on the back of the card. Older RPPS may also display a silver sheen in the darker areas when viewed at an angle due to the silver used in the early photographic process.

Collectors may find PPCs at home in boxes, attics, or scrapbooks, generate their own on trips and vacations, and acquire them from stores, fleamarkets, purchasing on the Internet, or other collectors.

A number of artists have become recognized for the creation of postcards and certain publishers specialize in the production and printing of PPCs. 

Worldwide popularity 

Worldwide, deltiology is the third largest collecting hobby after stamp collecting and coin/banknote collecting. Postcard clubs may be found in many countries; and these clubs, as well as related organizations, frequently host postcard shows.

Notes 

*Obituary of Nigel Temple
Question:
If you were a deltiologist, what would you collect?
Answer:
Return postcard
