Passage:
Pont d'Arc
The Pont d'Arc (French pont = bridge) is a large natural bridge, located in the Ardèche département in the south of France, 5 km from the town of Vallon-Pont-d'Arc. 

The arch, carved out by the Ardèche River, is  wide and  high.  It is a very popular canoeing and kayaking area and is heavily visited by tourists. It is usually described as the natural entrance to the Ardèche Canyon.

In the near vicinity of the arch is the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave, containing the earliest known paleolithic cave paintings, about 30,000 years old (featured in the 3D documentary Cave of Forgotten Dreams by film director Werner Herzog).
Question:
The Pont d'Arc is a massive natural stone arch spanning which river that gives its name to a French department?
Answer:
Ardeche
Passage:
Mahé, Seychelles
Mahé is the largest island (157.3 km²) of the Seychelles, lying in the north east of the nation. The population of Mahé was 77,000, as of the 2010 census.  It contains the capital city of Victoria and accommodates 86% of the country's total population.  The island was named after Bertrand-François Mahé de La Bourdonnais, a French governor of Mauritius.

Mahé's tallest peak is Morne Seychellois at 905 m, which lies in the Morne Seychellois National Park.  The northern and eastern parts of the island are home to much of the population and the Seychelles International Airport which opened in 1971. The southern and western parts have Baie Ternay Marine National Park, Port Launay Marine National Park, and University of Seychelles. The Sainte Anne Marine National Park lies offshore, as do Conception Island, Thérèse Island, Anonyme Island and several smaller islands.

Mahé was first visited by the British in 1609 and not visited by Europeans again until Lazare Picault's expedition of 1742. In August 1801 a Royal Navy frigate HMS Sibylle captured the French frigate Chiffonne on the island. Mahé remained a French possession until 1812 when it became a British colony. It remained a colony until 1976 when Seychelles became an independent nation.

Mahé's forests have rare endemic plants found only in the Seychelles, such as the critically endangered Medusagyne oppositifolia (the "Jellyfish tree"), the carnivorous Seychelles Pitcher plant and many species of unique orchids.

Mahé had a huge land reclamation project due to a shortage of housing, in the areas of Bel Ombre and the Port of Victoria. 

Economy

Mahé's economy is mainly dependent on tourism.
Air Seychelles has its head office on the property of Seychelles International Airport on the island.  The Port of Victoria is home to a tuna fishing and canning industry.

Administration

The island has multiple districts. 

Gallery

File:Seychelles large map.jpg|Map 1
File:Victoria (Seychelles).jpg|Mahé's capital Victoria
File:Mahecapital.jpg|Mahé's capital Victoria
File:Maheview.jpg|Mahé
File:Seychelles 019.JPG|Beach
File:Seychelles,_mahe.JPG|Mahé's Harbour
File:Port_Launay_Baech_view.JPG|Port Launay Beach, Mahé
Question:
Mahe, Praslin and Silhouette are part of which island group?
Answer:
Seychelles islands
Passage:
Lovejoy
Lovejoy is a British TV comedy-crime-drama series based on the picaresque novels by  John Grant under the pen name Jonathan Gash. The show, which ran to 71 episodes over six series, was originally broadcast by the BBC between 10 January 1986 and 4 December 1994, although there was a five-year gap between the first and second series. It was adapted for television by Ian La Frenais.

The series concerns the adventures of the eponymous Lovejoy, played by Ian McShane, a likeable but roguish antiques dealer based in East Anglia. Within the trade, he has a reputation as a "divvie", a person with almost supernatural powers for recognising exceptional items as well as distinguishing genuine antiques from clever fakes or forgeries.

Characters

* Lovejoy, played by Ian McShane (series one to six), less than scrupulous yet likeable rogue antique dealer.  
* Eric Catchpole, played by Chris Jury (series one to five), Lovejoy's younger, enthusiastic but ever so slightly dim assistant. 
* Tinker Dill, played by Dudley Sutton (series one to six), barker and tout who is friends with Lovejoy.  
* Lady Jane Felsham, played by Phyllis Logan (series one to five), has a friendly relationship with Lovejoy, often helping him with his deals.
* Beth Taylor, played by Diane Parish (series five and six), Lovejoy's new apprentice following the departure of Eric Catchpole.
* Charlie Gimbert, played by Malcolm Tierney (series one, series four to six), Lovejoy's nemesis within the antiques trade
* Charlotte Cavendish, played by Caroline Langrishe (series five and six), an auctioneer who becomes Lovejoy's love interest.
* Lovejoy's daughter: 
:Kate (series one) played by Charlotte Edwards.
:Vicky (series two and three) played by Amelia Shankley
:Viki (series six) played by Amelia Curtis

Broadcast history

The series was notable for its style and pacing. Lovejoy would frequently break the fourth wall, revealing his thoughts and motives 
by addressing the audience directly. The first series was shown on BBC1 in the first half of 1986. It concluded with a two-part special. Despite being a moderate ratings success, Lovejoy was not brought back until 1991. Most of the original cast returned for the next two series between 1991 and 1992. With the start of the fourth series in 1993, Malcolm Tierney reprised his first series role as Charlie Gimbert.

During the fifth series, several cast changes were made. Lady Jane Felsham (played by Phyllis Logan) left the show in the second episode and Eric Catchpole (played by Chris Jury) departed in the sixth episode, although both characters returned for the sixth series finale. Two new regular characters were added: Lovejoy's new apprentice, Beth Taylor (played by Diane Parish), and Charlotte Cavendish (played by Caroline Langrishe), who ran a local antiques auction house.

The sixth and final series of 10 episodes was aired between October and December 1994.

Two 90-minute Lovejoy Christmas specials were shown in 1992 and 1993.

The theme tune used in the opening and end credits, as well as the incidental music for each episode, was composed by Denis King.

Adaptation

The television version respected the author's wish not to reveal Lovejoy's first name. Just as in the books, Lovejoy's first name is never mentioned in the TV series; the character insists on being addressed simply as "Lovejoy".

However, the novel's lechery and violence was toned down along with the amount of antique lore and terminology.

Likewise the character of Lovejoy's favourite 'barker', Tinker Dill, was cleaned up for the television series. Within the novels, he is portrayed as a malodorous, seldom-bathed individual although his penchant for strong drink was retained in the series.

Releases

The series was first aired in the United States on the A&E Network. It was marketed as The Lovejoy Mysteries on VHS in the U.S. The DVD release of the entire series has returned to title of Lovejoy.
Question:
"The lead character in the TV series ""Lovejoy"", which was based on stories by John Grant (under the pen name Jonathan Gash), was an expert in what?"
Answer:
Antique
Passage:
Ted Lowe
Edwin Charles Ernest Lowe, MBE  (1 November 1920 – 1 May 2011),  known as Ted Lowe, was an English snooker commentator for the BBC. His unmistakably husky, hushed tones earned him the nickname "Whispering Ted".

Life and career

Born in Lambourn, Berkshire, Lowe was general manager of London's Leicester Square Hall, the home of professional billiards and snooker. He got his break one day when the BBC's regular commentator, Raymond Glendenning, succumbed to laryngitis.  He was the commentator for the snooker television show Pot Black from 1969. He went on to become the "voice of snooker" and led the commentary in many tournaments. He also commentated in what is generally regarded as snooker's greatest final, that between Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor in the 1985 World Snooker Championship.

Lowe uttered the occasional on-air gaffe, one of his most famous quotes being, "and for those of you who are watching in black and white, the pink is next to the green."  He once told viewers that Fred Davis, struggling to rest one leg on the edge of the table in order to reach a long shot, "is getting on a bit and is having trouble getting his leg over".  

Lowe retired after the 1996 World Snooker Championship final, although he briefly joined in the commentary for the 2005 World Championship final between Matthew Stevens and Shaun Murphy, which Murphy won.

Lowe died, aged 90, in Bexhill-on-Sea, on the morning of the first session of the 2011 World Snooker Championship final. He is survived by his wife Jean, daughter Margaret and son Michael.

Recalling Lowe after his death, multiple world champion Stephen Hendry, who was once described by Lowe as the "wonder bairn of Scotland", said: "I remember playing Junior Pot Black, I was only 12 and he was a complete gentleman. Me and my father were down there and he was so nice to us."
Question:
On which sport did 'Whispering Ted Lowe' commentate on TV?
Answer:
Lightning break
