Passage:
East Thrace
East Thrace or Eastern Thrace ( or simply Trakya; , Anatoliki Thraki; , Iztochna Trakiya), also known as Turkish Thrace or European Turkey, is the part of the modern Republic of Turkey that is geographically part of Southeast Europe.  The region holds significance as a region of historical importance, a major trading corridor, an economic and political powerhouse, and 
is currently geostrategic in that borders 5 nations major naval outlet to the Mediterranean Sea via two straits: Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, and Georgia.  The region also serves as a future connector of existing Turkish and European high speed rail networks.

Definition

East Thrace includes all in the eastern part of the historical region of Thrace. The area includes all the territories of the Turkish provinces of Edirne, Tekirdağ and Kırklareli, as well as those territories on the European Continent of the provinces of Çanakkale and Istanbul.

Climate

Due to the moderating effect of the surrounding seas, the climate tends to be Mediterranean in character.

Geography 

East Thrace has an area of 23,764 km2 (3 percent of the country) and a population of about 10 million people (about 12 percent of the total); the population density is around 430 people/km2, compared to about 80 people/km2 for Asiatic Turkey, which is also called Anatolia or Asia Minor.  However, densities are skewed by the metropolis of Istanbul.  The two are separated by the Dardanelles, the Bosphorus (collectively known as the Turkish Straits) and the Sea of Marmara, a route of about 361 km. The southernmost part of Eastern Thrace is called the Gallipoli peninsula. European Turkey is bordered on the west by Greece for 212 km and on the north by Bulgaria for 269 km, with the Aegean Sea to the south-west and the Black Sea to the north-east.  

*** Disclaimer: Sources may modify and/or release updated data, this will not be automatically reflected in these tables, additionally the refugee crisis' vast floating migrants have seriously complicated data collection, especially since 2013.  Estimates and Census use different methodology and are not directly comparable. Source: [http://www.citypopulation.de/php/turkey-admin.php Citypopulation.de] mirroring data from: State Institute of Statistics, Republic of Turkey (web).

History 

East Thrace was the setting for several important events in history and legend.

* The Greek myth of Hero and Leander takes place in the ancient city of Sestus.
* Aeneas founded the city of Aenus while trying to find new lands during his mythological conquests.
* After the death of Alexander the Great, in the period called the Diadochi, Alexander's general Lysimachus (360-281 BC) became  king of Thrace and established his capital in Lysimachia.
* Çimpe Castle was the first European territory held by the Ottoman Empire.
* Edirne was the second capital of the Ottoman Empire after Bursa.
* The Gallipoli Campaign, one of the most important of the First World War, was fought near the city of Gelibolu.

Image:Etty William Hero and Leander 1828.jpg|Hero and Leander
Image:LysimachusCoinWithHornedAlexander.jpg|Coin of Lysimachus
Image:Selimiye Mosque.png|Selimiye Mosque, Edirne
Image:V Beach Helles Gallipoli.jpg|Cape Helles during the Gallipoli Campaign

The destruction of the Thracian Bulgarians in 1913 and the population exchange between Greece and Turkey finally ethnically cleansed the Orthodox populations, although the Muslims were the dominant group at that moment. 

Prior to that the distribution of ethnoreligious groups in the local sanjaks was as follows:

The Muslim millet was recorded as Turkish, while the church members of the Ecumenical Patriarchate as Greek.

In the past century modern East Thrace was the main component of the territory of the Adrianople Vilayet, which excluded the Constantinople Vilayet, but included West Thrace and parts of the Rhodopes and Sakar. A publication from December 21, 1912 in the Belgian magazine Ons Volk Ontwaakt (‘Our Nation Awakes’) estimated 1,006,500 inhabitants in the vilayet:  
*Muslim Turks - 250,000
*Muslim Bulgarians - 115,000
*Muslim Roma people - 15,000
*Orthodox Armenians - 30,000
*Orthodox Greeks - 220,000
*Orthodox Bulgarians - 370,000
*Orthodox Albanians - 3,500
*Orthodox Turks - 3,000
Question:
Eastern Thrace refers to which part of Turkey?
Answer:
The European (disambiguation)
Passage:
What is googol and googolplex? - Definition from WhatIs.com
What is googol and googolplex? - Definition from WhatIs.com
purchase intent
A googol is 10 to the 100th power (which is 1 followed by 100 zeros). A googol is larger than the number of elementary particles in the universe, which amount to only 10 to the 80th power.
The term was invented by Milton Sirotta, the 9-year nephew of mathematician Edward Kasner, who had asked his nephew what he thought such a large number should be called. Such a number, Milton apparently replied after a short thought, could only be called something as silly as a "googol."
Later, another mathematician devised the term googolplex for 10 to the power of googol - that is, 1 followed by 10 to the power of 100 zeros. Frank Pilhofer has determined that, given Moore's Law (which is that computer processor power doubles about every 1 to 2 years), it would make no sense to try to print out a googolplex for another 524 years - since all earlier attempts to print a googolplex out would be overtaken by the faster processor.
Larry Page and Sergey Brin, the founders of Google , named their search engine after the term googol. In 1997, Larry was brainstorming names with other Stanford graduate students, including Sean Anderson, and looking at available domain name s. Anderson miskeyed googol as "google" and found it available. Larry liked it and the name "Google" stuck. Google's corporate headquarters is called the GooglePlex, an affectionately tongue-in-cheek reference to the origins of the company name.
This was last updated in December 2006
Continue Reading About googol and googolplex
Question:
What name is given to number 1 followed by 100 zero's?
Answer:
Googolgon
Passage:
Wind of the World: Brickfielder - Weather UK ...
Wind of the World: Brickfielder | weatheronline.co.uk
Location: Australia
The Brickfielder is a strong, hot, dry and dusty wind in southern Australia. The Brickfielder usually occurs during summer and is mainly affecting southeast Australia's states of Victoria and New South Wales . The Brickfielder is associated with the passage of a frontal zone of a low pressure. Preceding the passage of the front tropical, hot, dry north-westerly desert air from the interior of Australia is carrying clouds of dust and bringing sudden hot spells , often exceeding 38C (100F), to areas which normally have a much milder climate. The temperature might jump up 15 to 20 °C within hours.
After the front has passed, temperatur es  will drop dramatically again and the now cold winds are veering to more south, south-westerly directions, originating from polar air masses and still blowing quite strong, often with gusts reaching gale force. The passing of the cold-front itself is often associated with violent thunderstorms even triggereing tornadoes. This wind now is called a Southerly Buster, the uneven brother of the Brickfielder.
For example, on January 14, 2001 temperatures in Sydney reached 34C (93F), with NE winds and dropped to 23C (73F) the very next day, veering to SE.
The hot northerly wind blew across the Brickfields, formerly so called, a district of Sydney and carried clouds of reddish dust from the brickworks over the nascent city - thus the name: Brickfielder. However, another - agricultural - explanation comes from the hot and dry character of the northerly wind itself, turning the surface of the already dry soil hard as bricks. Therefore, by confusion, every dry, hot wind from the north might be called a Brickfielder today. The Brickfielder is related to the Argentinian Zonda wind
Advertisement
Question:
In Southern Australia, a strong, hot, dry dusty wind is known by what name?
Answer:
Brickfielder
