Passage:
Wrong winner announced on Australian model show - BBC News
Wrong winner announced on Australian model show - BBC News
BBC News
Media playback is unsupported on your device
Wrong winner announced on Australian model show
29 September 2010 Last updated at 11:48 BST
TV show Australia's Next Top Model announced the wrong winner during the live final of its sixth series.
Presenter Sarah Murdoch crowned Kelsey Martinovich the winner before interrupting her acceptance speech to say there had been a mistake and the real winner was, in fact, 18-year-old Amanda Ware.
Question:
On which Australian TV show in September, was the wrong winner accidentally announced during its live final?
Answer:
Clare Venema (model)
Passage:
Well dressing
Well dressing (also once known as well flowering) is a summer custom practised in rural England in which wells, springs or other water sources are decorated with designs created from flower petals. The custom is most closely associated with the Peak District of Derbyshire and Staffordshire. [http://www.buxtononline.net/Buxton-Online98/Buxton-Online-Derbyshire-Peak-District-Community98/spa-test.htm Well Dressing History], Buxton & Derbyshire Peakdistrict, accessed August 2009.

History

The origins of the tradition are alternatively said to lie in pagan tradition or in giving thanks for the purity of the water drawn from certain wells during the period of the Black Death. It has been said to have originated in Tissington, Derbyshire in 1349.

Well dressing was celebrated in only one or two villages in Derbyshire by the 19th century, and in Buxton it wasn't introduced until 1840, "to commemorate the beneficence of the Duke of Devonshire who, at his own expense, made arrangements for supplying the Upper Town, which had been much inconvenienced by the distance to St Anne's well on the Wye, with a fountain of excellent water within easy reach of all".  Similarly, well dressing was revived at this time in Youlgreave, to celebrate the supplying of water to the village "from a hill at some distance, by means of pipes laid under the stream of an intervening valley", largely due to the support of a "Miss Bowman".
  With the arrival of piped water the tradition was adapted so that, not only wells but also taps were decorated, although the resulting creations were still advertised as well dressings.[http://www.picturethepast.org.uk/frontend.php?keywords
Ref_No_increment;EQUALS;DRBY007832&pos50&action
zoom&id37094&continueUrl
ZnJvbnRlbmQucGhwPyZwYWdlcz0xMjgmdXNlcl9rZXl3b3Jkcz1QbGVhc2UrZW50ZXIreW91citrZXl3b3JkcyZvcGVyYXRvcj1BTkQmdG93bl92aWxsYWdlPSZkYXRlX3BlcmlvZD0wOV9WaWN0b3JpYW5fJTI4MTgzNy0xOTAxJTI5JmRhdGFiYXNlPURlcmJ5c2hpcmUmeD02NCZ5PTE0JmFjdGlvbj1zZWFyY2gma2V5d29yZHM9RGF0ZV9QZXJpb2QlM0JFUVVBTFMlM0IwOV9WaWN0b3JpYW5fJTI4MTgzNy0xOTAxJTI5JTNCQU5EJTNCRGF0YWJhc2UlM0JNQVRDSEVTJTNCJTI4JTVFJTdDKyUyQiUyOURlcmJ5c2hpcmUlMjglMjQlN0MrJTJCJTI5JTNCJnBhZ2U9MQ
Wirksworth 1860s picture], PictureThePast, accessed August 2009.

According to William Hone, writing in 1835:

Rhodes, who has traversed almost every part of the peak with indefatigable zeal, gives the following account in his Peak Scenery. "An ancient custom still prevails in the village of Tissington, to which indeed it appears to be confined, for I have not met with any thing of a similar description in any other part of Derbyshire. It is denominated well-flowering, and Holy Thursday is devoted to the rites and ceremonies of this elegant custom. The day is regarded as a festival; and all the wells in the place, five in number, are decorated with wreaths and garlands of newly-gathered flowers, disposed in various devices. Sometimes boards are used, which are cut to the figure intended to be represented, and covered with moist clay into which the stems of the flowers are inserted to preserve their freshness; and they are so arranged to form a beautiful mosaic work, often tasteful in design, and vivid in colouring; the boards thus adorned are placed in the spring, that the water appears to issue from among the beds of flowers. On this occasion the villagers put on their best attire and open their houses to their friends. There is a service at the church, where a sermon is preached: afterwards a procession takes place, and the wells are visited in succession: the psalms for the day, the epistle and gospel are read, one at each well, and the whole concludes with a hymn which is sung by the church singers, and accompanied by a band of music. This done they separate, and the remainder of the day is spent in rural sports and pastimes." 

The custom waxed and waned over the years. In the 1930s the Shimwell family, later of Tideswell, did much to help revival; Crichton Porteus wrote of Stoney Middleton, "The well-dressing was begun in 1936, mainly through the influence of a new schoolmaster, Mr. Oliver Shinwell (sic), member of a well-known family of Youlgreave dressers. Mr. Shimwell later went to Tideswell, where he has helped with a further revival" from 1946.  However, that book also said that by 1859 Tissington "well-dressing was established and important once more" and mentions dressing at Wirksworth in 1860 and a Maypole there in 1914. It also refers to breaks in dressing at Youlgreave (1849–69), Buxton (1912–24), Derby (1919–46), Bonsall (c1928-35) and in most dressing during the 1939-45 war.

The custom has since been revived in numerous villages and small towns in Derbyshire, Staffordshire, South Yorkshire, Cheshire,  and even as far afield as Much Wenlock in Shropshire and Malvern in Worcester.  Another boost to the tradition was the Festival of Britain; in villages like Wormhill where the custom appears to have ceased in the late 18th century, it was revived as part of the Festival of Britain, and has continued nearly every year since. 

A tradition of well dressing  in the Malverns dates from the 12th and 13th centuries when  around 5  August each  year, tribute was paid to St Oswald for water cures.  The tradition of well dressing continues, fostered by interest groups and activities such as arts projects. 

In 2011 well dressing was introduced to the village of Kemsing in Kent. The 2014 well dressing (right) commemorates World War I.

In fiction

John Brunner's story "In the Season of the Dressing of the Wells" describes the revival of the custom in an English village of the West Country after World War I and its connection to the Goddess.  

Process

Wooden frames are constructed and covered with clay, mixed with water and salt.  A design is sketched on paper, often of a religious theme, and this is traced onto the clay.  The picture is then filled in with natural materials, predominantly flower petals and mosses, but also beans, seeds and small cones. Each group uses its own technique, with some areas mandating that only natural materials be used while others feel free to use modern materials to simplify production. Wirksworth and Barlow are two of the very few dressings where the strict use of only natural materials is still observed.
Question:
Which spa town outside Derbyshire has an annual well dressing weekend?
Answer:
Malvern
Passage:
Love Hearts
Love Hearts are a type of confectionery manufactured by Swizzels Matlow in the United Kingdom. They are hard, tablet-shaped sweets in a variety of fruit flavours featuring a short, love-related message on one side of the sweet. They were an updated version of Victorian-era Conversation Lozenges. 

Sensation in mouth 

The sweets are suitable for either chewing or sucking. On chewing the sweet quickly disintegrates into a powdery, starchy consistency.

Flavours 

Love Hearts currently come in six flavours, each associated with a colour (listed from weakest to strongest flavour):

#White (a plain, sherbet-like, slightly tart vanilla flavour)
#Yellow (a sherbet-like flavour with a distinct sharp lemon aftertaste)
#Green (a slightly lime flavour with a sherbet-like aftertaste)
#Orange (a sweet flavour with a slight orange aftertaste)
#Purple (an unusual, slightly perfumed berry-like flavour with a strong aftertaste)
#Red (cherry flavour)

Appearance 

The sweets are small and circular, approximately 19 mm in diameter, and 5 mm in height (including the embossed decorations). Both sides are embossed with a decoration, the rear with a large outline of a heart and the front with the message within an outline of a heart. On the front of the sweet the embossing is highlighted with a red colouring.

The main body of the sweet is coloured in one of the 6 colours: white, yellow, orange, green, purple or red. Especially for the darker red and purple colourings this colouring is somewhat blotchy.

Messages 

There are many different messages which can be found on the front of the sweet, most of which are love-related. The message is written in capitals in a sans serif font of varying size. The font is scaled and sometimes stretched out of proportion to fit the available space.

Examples 

There are many messages (it is uncommon to find more than 3 repeats in a packet of 20). These include:

The messages have been updated many times, for example:
* Addition of phrases including modern technology - e.g. "Fax Me", "Email Me" and "Page Me".
* Addition of phrases in "SMS language" typical of SMS messages - e.g. "Luv U 24/7"

Competition-winning messages

Unusual messages 

Most messages are written in simple horizontal, centrally aligned, lines. There are some exceptions to this rule, including the phrase "I Surrender", where the word surrender has been written in an arc around the lower inside edge of the heart outline.

The "Just Say No" message has an unclear layout, appearing to read "Justsay No".

Wayne and Coleen Rooney had personalised sweets made for their wedding in the summer of 2008 which read "Wayne and Coleen". The first special edition had been issued in 1981 to celebrate Princess Diana's wedding.

A competition was held by Swizzels Matlow Ltd for 10 new messages to be put on Love Hearts; the winning entries (announced on 22 July 2008) were "Think Pink", "Joyful Jo", "Granny P", "Me Julie Best Mum", "Juicy Jessie", "I Luv Alan", "Happy Harry", "Heart Baby", "Kin of U Home" and "Mermaid Eloise". These sweets first appeared in packs in September 2008. 

Packaging 

Love Hearts are packaged and typically sold in tubular packs of 20 (which are in turn boxed in packs of 50 for wholesale). The packaging is a clear plastic wrap (twisted at both ends) wrapped in a paper label. Alternative package sizes are available under special circumstances, such as the 2006 "silver love heart" competition, where the packet size was temporarily increased. Different sizes have also been released, including giant and small Love Hearts.

The label depicts the phrase "Love Hearts" bordered by two rows of stylised love hearts. It also carries a barcode, an ingredients list and the best before date. The sweets on the label currently carry the messages:

The colours of the sweets on the label do not correspond to the colours found within the packet:
*Label colours: white, yellow, peach (light orange), green and blue
*Actual colours: white, yellow, orange, green, purple and red

The shelf life (indicated by the best before date) is approximately a year and a half.

History 

Production of Love Hearts began in 1954, 26 years after the formation of Swizzels Ltd. The company was initially in factory premises at Star Lane, Canning Town, London, moving later that year to the larger premises at Drivers Avenue, Plaistow, London. During the Blitz in 1940 production relocated to a disused textile mill in New Mills, Derbyshire, where it has stayed to this day.

Production method 

Production of Love Hearts has changed little since 1933, although has become more mechanised and less labour-intensive. The production is a pressed tablet method, similar to many pharmaceutical products (see tablet for the medicine production process).

#Granulated sugar is ground to a very fine powder.
#The sugar is separated into lines for each flavour of Love Heart.
#Colours, flavourings, and the other ingredients (all fine powders) are added and mixed.
#The mixture is fed into a tablet machine where it is compressed under high pressure into a tablet. This is the stage where the message is imprinted onto the front of the love heart, depending on the mould used for pressing.
#The highlights on the front are "painted".
#The different colours and flavours are randomly mixed, then packaged.

Ingredients 

Sugar, Acidity Regulators: Malic Acid, Tartaric Acid; sodium bicarbonate, stearic acid, Modified starch, E470b, Anti-Caking Agent: Magnesium Carbonate; Flavourings, Colours: E100 (turmeric or curcumin), E104 (Quinoline Yellow WS), E110 (Sunset Yellow FCF), E122 (Azorubine), E124 (Ponceau 4R), E129 (Allura Red AC), E132 (Indigo carmine), Elderberry Extract.

Whatevers 

UK supermarket Asda produce a brand of sweets called 'Whatevers', in the style of Love Hearts, but with a range of British colloquial terms.  The sweets are also manufactured by Swizzels Matlow.
Question:
Which company manufactured Love Hearts - packets of small round sweets each of which had a short message on?
Answer:
Swizzel
Passage:
Marion Crane
Marion Crane (also called Mary Crane) is a fictional character in Robert Bloch's 1959 novel Psycho and the 1960 film adaptation directed by Alfred Hitchcock.  

Fictional character biography

Unhappy in her relationship with her boyfriend, a divorcé named Sam Loomis (John Gavin), Marion rejects his idea to take the afternoon off and rushes back to her storefront real estate office. Her boss of ten years, Mr. Lowery (Vaughn Taylor), arrives shortly afterward with Tom Cassidy (Frank Albertson), a wealthy customer who gives her $40,000 to put in the bank for him. However, instead of going to the bank, Marion impulsively goes on the run with the money. She turns off the main road without realizing it, and arrives at the Bates Motel and checks in with the proprietor, Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins), who shyly invites her to have dinner with him. After wrapping the remaining money inside a newspaper, Marion overhears a heated argument between Bates and his mother about letting Marion into the house.  

During dinner, Marion has a conversation with Bates, who says that he is trapped by his obligation to his mentally ill mother. She realizes that she, too, is stuck in a "private trap", and can only escape it by taking responsibility for stealing the money. She gently suggests to Bates that he put his mother in a mental hospital, which he heatedly refuses to do. She bids him goodnight, and returns to her room. There, she undresses while Bates watches through a peephole hidden in the wall of his office. Resolving to make amends to her employer, Marion makes a few calculations based on how much the escapade has cost her. She then takes a shower. Suddenly, a mysterious figure enters the bathroom—shadowy through the shower curtain—and stabs Marion to death. Believing his mother has committed the murder, Bates puts the naked body & shower curtain; and, unknowingly, the money in the trunk of Marion's car and sinks it in a nearby swamp.

The climax of the novel and film reveals that Bates murdered Marion while under the control of an alternate personality—one taking the form of his mother, whom he had murdered ten years before. The psychiatrist who examines Bates explains that, when Bates felt attracted to Marion, the "Mother" personality became jealous and killed her. In the final scene, Bates—now completely controlled by the "Mother" personality—is institutionalized for killing Marion.

Differences between the film and novel

In the novel, she is named "Mary Crane" and she dies after Bates cuts off her head; in the film, "Mother" stabs her repeatedly. In the novel, she is Bates' first victim; in the film, he had murdered two young girls before her.

Appearances in the rest of the series 

Psychos first sequel, 1983's Psycho II, starts off with a flashback to the shower scene. Vera Miles returns as Marion's sister, Lila Crane, now Lila Loomis, who is on a crusade to keep Bates locked up. The film introduces Mary Loomis (Meg Tilly), Lila's daughter with Sam and Marion's niece. Both are killed in the film; Lila is stabbed while in Bates' fruit cellar by a woman who looks like him in his "Mother" guise (later revealed to be Emma Spool, played by Claudia Bryar), and Mary is shot by a policeman when she attempts to stab Bates.

In the second sequel, 1986's Psycho III, the shower scene appears again in a flashback, this time when Bates sees Maureen Coyle (played by Diana Scarwid) who reminds him of Marion.

Comic books 

Marion appears in the 1992 three-issue comic book adaptation of the novel Psycho, released by Innovation Publishing.

Portrayals

Janet Leigh played the character of Marion in the original film. Anne Heche played Marion in the 1998 remake.

Marion will appear in the fifth and final season of the TV series Bates Motel portrayed by Rihanna for multiple episodes.
Question:
Marion Crane was the name of the leading female character of which famous film of The 1960’s ?
Answer:
Psychos
Passage:
Shirley Valentine
Shirley Valentine is a one-character play by Willy Russell. Taking the form of a monologue by a middle-aged, working class Liverpool housewife, it focuses on her life before and after a transforming holiday abroad.

Plot

Wondering what has happened to her youth and feeling stagnant and in a rut, Shirley finds herself regularly alone and talking to the wall while preparing an evening meal of egg and chips for her emotionally distant husband. When her best friend wins a trip-for-two to Greece, she packs her bags, leaves a note on the cupboard door in the kitchen, and heads for a fortnight of rest and relaxation. In Greece, with just a little effort on her part, she rediscovers everything she had been missing about her existence in England.  She finds so much happiness, in fact, that when the vacation is over she decides not to return, ditching her friend at the airport and going back to the hotel where she'd been staying to ask for a job and to live a newly self-confident life in which she is at last true to herself.

Productions

Commissioned by the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool, the play premiered in 1986, with Noreen Kershaw directed by Glen Walford. Two years later it opened in London's West End at the Vaudeville Theatre, with Pauline Collins directed by Simon Callow. After eight previews, the Broadway production, with Collins again directed by Callow, opened on 16 February 1989 at the Booth Theatre, where it ran for 324 performances. Ellen Burstyn replaced Collins later in the run, and Loretta Swit starred in a US national tour in 1995.

From 26 March - 8 May 2010, as part of the Willy Russell season at the Menier Chocolate Factory, Meera Syal played Shirley in the production's first London West End revival. A West End transfer of the Menier Chocolate Factory production ran at the Trafalgar Studios from 20 July - 30 October 2010. Meera Syal reprised her role as Shirley.

Awards and nominations

; Awards
* 1988 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy
* 1988 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress
* 1989 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play
* 1989 Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Actress
* 1989 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play
* 1989 Theatre World Award for Outstanding Broadway Debut

;Nominations
* 1989 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding New Play
* 1989 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Play 
* 1989 Tony Award for Best Play

Film adaptation

Russell adapted his play for a 1989 film version, directed by Lewis Gilbert, with Collins again playing the title role.
Question:
In the 1989 film 'Shirley Valentine', who played the title roll?
Answer:
Pauline Collins
Passage:
United States Secretary of State
The Secretary of State is a senior official of the federal government of the United States of America heading the U.S. Department of State, principally concerned with foreign policy and is considered to be the U.S. government's equivalent of a Minister for Foreign Affairs.  

The Secretary of State is appointed by the President of the United States and is confirmed by the United States Senate. The Secretary of State, along with the Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, and Attorney General are generally regarded as the four most important cabinet members because of the importance of their respective departments.  Secretary of State is a Level I position in the Executive Schedule and thus earns the salary prescribed for that level.

The current Secretary of State is John Kerry, the 68th person to hold the office since its creation in 1789.

Duties and responsibilities

The specific duties of the Secretary of State include:

*Organizes and supervises the entire United States Department of State and the United States Foreign Service
*Advises the President on matters relating to U.S. foreign policy, including the appointment of diplomatic representatives to other nations, and on the acceptance or dismissal of representatives from other nations
*Participates in high-level negotiations with other countries, either bilaterally or as part of an international conference or organization, or appoints representatives to do so.  This includes the negotiation of international treaties and other agreements
*Responsible for overall direction, coordination, and supervision of interdepartmental activities of the U.S. Government overseas
*Providing information and services to U.S. citizens living or traveling abroad, including providing credentials in the form of passports and visas
*Ensures the protection of the U.S. Government to American citizens, property, and interests in foreign countries
*Supervises the United States immigration policy abroad
*Communicates issues relating the United States foreign policy to Congress and to U.S. citizens

The original duties of the Secretary of State include some domestic duties, such as: 
* Receipt, publication, distribution, and preservation of the laws of the United States
* Preparation, sealing, and recording of the commissions of Presidential appointees
* Preparation and authentication of copies of records and authentication of copies under the Department's seal
* Custody of the Great Seal of the United States
* Custody of the records of the former Secretary of the Continental Congress, except for those of the Treasury and War Departments

Most of the domestic functions of the Department of State have been transferred to other agencies. Those that remain include storage and use of the Great Seal of the United States, performance of protocol functions for the White House, and the drafting of certain proclamations.  The Secretary also negotiates with the individual States over the extradition of fugitives to foreign countries. Under Federal Law,  the resignation of a President or of a Vice-President is only valid if declared in writing, in an instrument delivered to the office of the Secretary of State. Accordingly, the resignations of President Nixon and of Vice-President Spiro Agnew, domestic issues, were formalized in instruments delivered to the Secretary of State, Henry Kissinger.

As the highest-ranking member of the cabinet, the Secretary of State is the third-highest official of the executive branch of the Federal Government of the United States, after the President and Vice President and is fourth in line to succeed the Presidency, coming after the Vice President, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the President pro tempore of the Senate.  Six Secretaries of State have gone on to be elected President.  Others, including Kerry, Hillary Clinton, William Seward, and Henry Clay have been unsuccessful presidential candidates, either before or after their term of office as Secretary of State.

As the head of the United States Foreign Service, the Secretary of State is responsible for management of the diplomatic service of the United States.  The foreign service employs about 12,000 people domestically and internationally, and supports 265 United States diplomatic missions around the world, including ambassadors to various nations.

The nature of the position means that Secretaries of State engage in travel around the world.  The record for most countries visited in a secretary's tenure is 112, by Hillary Rodham Clinton.   Second is Madeleine Albright with 96.  The record for most air miles traveled in a secretary's tenure is 1.06 million miles, by John Kerry.  Second is Rice's 1.059 million miles and third is Clinton's 956,733 miles.

When there is a vacancy in the office of Secretary of State, the duties are exercised either by another member of the cabinet, or, in more recent times, by a high-ranking official of the State Department until the President appoints, and the United States Senate confirms, a new Secretary.

List of Secretaries of State
Question:
Who became US Secretary of State in 2009?
Answer:
Hillary R. Clinton
Passage:
Eir Sport
eir Sport is a sports television company based in Dublin, Ireland and a subsidiary of Irish telecommunications company Eir.  The company operates channels in the Republic of Ireland.

The company was previously known as Setanta Sports which was formed in 1990 to facilitate the broadcasting of Irish sporting events to international audiences. When under ownership of Setanta Sports the company operated channels in in the UK, Asia, Australia, US & Canada.

Ownership

In December 2015, Eir purchased the Setanta Sports Ireland Ltd.  On July 5, 2016 Setanta Sports was rebranded to Eir Sport. 

Previous Ownership

In July 2009, the ownership structure of Setanta Sports Channel Ireland Limited (previously Setanta Sports Ireland Ltd) changed. Setanta Sports Channel Ireland Limited is co-owned by Gaiety Investments (60% share) with the remaining 40% share made up by Danu Partners Limited. The main shareholders in Danu are Michael O'Rourke, Leonard Ryan, and Mark O'Meara. Danu purchased 100% of the shares in Setanta Sports North America Limited which was disposed of in early 2010. Setanta Sports Channel Ireland Limited is licensed by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland.

The Setanta business in Ireland has managed to survive despite the difficulties with Setanta GB. Colin Morgan, formerly CEO of Quinn Direct Insurance, joined the Setanta Ireland business in October 2010.

In 2015 it was announced that Eir were in the process of buying Setanta's remaining Irish Operations Setanta Ireland and Setanta Sports 1, the deal also includes the sale of the Setanta Sports Pack which includes BT Sport.  On 5 July 2016, Setanta Sports was renamed Eir Sport.

Availability 

Within the Republic of Ireland eir Sport services are available for free through the eir Sport package on eir Broadband. eir Sport services are also available through Virgin Media Ireland, Sky Ireland, eir TV and Vodafone TV.

Sports coverage 

eir Sport offers commercial venues in several countries around the world programming of sports such as football (except the English Premier League), Gaelic football, hurling, golf, cricket, Australian rules football, boxing, NHL ice hockey and rugby union (except the world cup and six nations the largest rugby tournaments) and league.

Channels

Republic of Ireland
*eir Sport 1
*eir Sport 2
*eir Sport 1 HD
*eir Sport 2 HD
*BT Sport 1 & 2 (under license from BT)
*BT Sport Europe (under license from BT)
*BT Sport ESPN (under license from BT)
*Premier Sports (under license from Premium Media)

Previous operations

Under the former company Setanta Ireland the sports company operated a number of channels which have either been sold off or closed.

Australia

As of August 2014 both Setanta Sports Australia and Setanta Sports Plus were sold to Al Jazeera Media Network with approval sought from regulators in Australia.  The channel became BeIN Sports Australia in November 2014.

Africa

Setanta operated Setanta Sports and Setanta Action until October 2013 when the channels were acquired by 21st Century Fox. In July 2014, Fox announced that from August 2014 the channels would be rebranded Fox Sports and Fox Sports 2. 

Great Britain

Setanta previously operated services in the UK, following a period of administration its UK services ceased operating. 

Setanta GB operated Setanta Sports 1 & 2 and Setanta Golf within Great Britain. Under a joint venture with Virgin Media, it operated Setanta Sports News. Setanta GB also operated Arsenal TV, Celtic TV, LFC TV and Rangers TV with their respective clubs. Setanta GB went into administration on 22 June 2009, and at 18:00 most of its channels ceased operations within Great Britain. 

Arsenal TV continued until August 2009 while Arsenal explored alternative options.  Liverpool FC assumed responsibility for LFC TV and decided to continue broadcasting as normal. 

United States of America

Setanta Sports previously broadcast in the United States with Setanta Sports USA from 2005 to 2010. Fox Sports purchased the network's programming rights out of bankruptcy, adding them to Fox Soccer Channel's existing schedule and that on of a new network, Fox Soccer Plus. 

Canada

Setanta Sports previously operated a version of the channel in Canada as a joint venture with Canadian media company Rogers Communications (Setanta itself owned 20% of the network). However, its minority stake was acquired by Rogers in July 2011 and the channel was re-aligned as part of its Sportsnet networks, and become Sportsnet World on 3 October 2011. The re-launch would also come alongside an overall re-branding of the Sportsnet networks.

Asia

Setanta Sports launched a variation of the channel in Asia. In 2015, Discovery Networks International purchased the channel,  as of 2016 the channel is still branded as Setanta Sports under license from Setanta Ireland. Discovery may decided to rebrand the channel in due course. Setanta Asia currently operates Setanta Sports Plus and Setanta Sports Asia.

Other business

*In 2009, Setanta Sports had shares in OneVision. OneVision were initially given the opportunity to develop the digital terrestrial network in the Republic of Ireland. Negotiations with RTÉ Networks fell through in May 2010
*From March 2010, Setanta Sports have provided www.setantabet.com an online gaming service for customers within Ireland. The venture was developed in partnership with Jennings Bet
*In October 2010, Setanta HD was launched exclusively on UPC Ireland
*In October 2010, Setanta Sports launched applications on the iPhone and a Setanta Goals service for other handsets

HD TV Channels 

Eir Sport launched Ireland's first high-definition channel. The channel was announced in September 2010  and later launched as Setanta HD February 2011  The Dublin v Armagh Gaelic football encounter on 5 February 2011 was Ireland's first broadcast of Gaelic Games in high definition. 

In July 2016, the service was rebranded to eir Sport 1 HD and eir Sport 2 HD respectively.
Question:
Michael O'Rourke and Leonard Ryan established which satellite network?
Answer:
Setanta (disambiguation)
Passage:
Borough of Maidstone
The Borough of Maidstone is a local government district with borough status in Kent, England. Its administrative centre is Maidstone which is also the County town of Kent. 

The district was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, and was a merger of the former municipal borough of Maidstone with the rural districts of Hollingbourne and Maidstone. 

Position

The Borough covers an area generally to the east and south of the town of Maidstone: as far north as the M2 motorway; east down the M20 to Lenham; south to a line including Staplehurst and Headcorn; and west towards Tonbridge. Generally speaking, it lies between the North Downs and the Weald, and covers the central part of the county. The M20 motorway crosses it from west to east, as does High Speed 1.

Geologically, the Greensand ridge lies to the south of the town. The very fine sand provides a good source for glass-making. The clay vale beyond, through which flow the three rivers which meet at Yalding; the Medway, the Beult and the Teise; and the chalk North Downs all provide raw materials for paper- and cement-making; which are also local industries.

Governance

Maidstone Borough  represents the second tier of local government, being one of the local government districts of Kent. The Borough Council consists of 55 councillors, representing voters from 26 wards. Twelve of those wards are within the urban area of Maidstone: they are Allington; Bridge; Downswood & Otham; East ward; Fant; Heath; High Street; North ward; Park Wood; Shepway North; Shepway South; and South ward. The remaining 14 wards cover rural districts. 

From 1983 to 2008 no party had a majority on Maidstone Borough Council, but the Conservative party gained a majority at the 2008 election. As of the 2010 election the council has 28 Conservative, 23 Liberal Democrat and 4 independent councillors. 

The council is based in the town centre having replaced its many small offices with one large, multimillion-pound building called Maidstone Gateway. The shopfront appearance is intended to make it easier to access information and services.

The third tier of local government is the civil parish; in Maidstone some of the parishes have a neither a parish council or a parish meeting, as indicated (1) :

Transport

Water

The River Medway was the earliest form of transport through the area. It was navigable for cargo-carrying craft as far upstream as Tonbridge, and it was only in the 19th century that the railways brought any change. More recently, various works have been carried out to control the frequent flooding in the clay vale upstream of Maidstone.

Roads

Maidstone, as its importance warranted, has been the hub of roads for many centuries. It lies very close to the Pilgrims' Way; and two Roman roads met south of the town: one from Rochester to Hastings the other branching off to the East Kent coast and Dover.

In the 18th century came the turnpiked roads. One of the earliest in the county – that to Rochester and Chatham – was opened in 1728.

In modern times, two motorways – the M2 and the M20 – pass to the far north of the borough and just north of the town centre of Maidstone respectively.

Railways

The earliest line through Kent was built by the South Eastern Railway. It was not, however, built to pass through Maidstone: instead, a station was built at Paddock Wood, then named Maidstone Road, some six miles away. It was only in the period between 1844 (when that main line was connected by a branch line to Maidstone) and 1884 that Maidstone became a hub once more, although with local trains only, to Strood, Ashford and (via Swanley Junction to London.
Question:
On which river is Maidstone
Answer:
County of the Medway Towns
Passage:
Type species
In zoological nomenclature, a type species  (species typica) is the species name with which the name of a genus or subgenus is considered to be permanently taxonomically associated, i.e., the species that contains the biological type specimen(s). Article 67.1 A similar concept is used for suprageneric groups called a type genus.

In botanical nomenclature, these terms have no formal standing under the code of nomenclature, but are sometimes borrowed from zoological nomenclature. In botany, the type of a genus is a specimen (or, rarely, an illustration) which is also the type of a species. The species that has that type can also be referred to as the type of the genus. Genus and family ranks, the various subdivisions of those ranks, and some higher-rank names based on genus names, have such types.[http://www.iapt-taxon.org/nomen/main.php? International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN)] articles 7 through 10 (Melbourne Code, 2012)

In bacteriology, a type species is assigned for each genus. 

Every named genus or subgenus in zoology, whether or not currently recognized as valid, is theoretically associated with a type species. In practice, however, there is a backlog of untypified names defined in older publications when it was not required to specify a type.

Use in zoology 

A type species is both a concept and a practical system that is used in the classification and nomenclature (naming) of animals. The value of a "type species" lies in the fact that it "anchors" a particular genus name. Whenever a taxon containing multiple species must be divided into more than one genus; the type species automatically assigns the name of the original taxon to one of the resulting new taxa, the one that includes the type species.

The term "type species" is regulated in zoological nomenclature by article 42.3 of the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature, which defines a type species as the name-bearing type of the name of a genus or subgenus (a "genus-group name") is the "type species". In the Glossary, type species is defined as

"The nominal species that is the name-bearing type of a nominal genus or subgenus". 

The type species permanently attaches a genus to its formal name (its generic name) by providing just one species within that genus to which the genus is permanently linked (i.e. the genus must include that species if it is to bear the name). The species name in turn is fixed, in theory, to a type specimen.

For example, the type species for the land snail genus Monacha is Monacha cartusiana. That genus is currently placed within the family Hygromiidae. The type genus for that family is the genus Hygromia.

The concept of the type species in zoology was introduced by Pierre André Latreille. 

Citing

The International Code of Zoological Nomenclature states that the original name (binomen) of the type species should always be cited. It gives an example in Article 67.1. Astacus marinus  was later designated as the type species of the genus Homarus, thus giving it the name Homarus marinus . However, the type species of Homarus should always be cited using its original name, i.e. Astacus marinus .
Question:
"What type of plant is ""stinkhorn""?"
Answer:
Fungus kingdom
Passage:
Stratford-upon-Avon for Accommodation, Touring, Dining ...
Stratford-upon-Avon for Accommodation, Touring, Dining, Walking...
Riverside Walk along the River Avon
Distance: 1¼ miles
Time: Just over 1 hour
Difficulty: Easy walking on level metalled footpaths
 
Take an easy stroll along both sides of the River Avon in Stratford. From the East side of the river you will get  outstanding views of the Royal Shakespeare Theatre, boating activities and slightly further down river you will be able to see Holy Trinity Church, where William Shakespeare is buried.  
 
There are many car parks in Stratford, the largest being on the East side of the river next to The Butterfly Farm.
 
Start from the bandstand, next to the car park. Take the footpath alongside the river, where you will see the Royal Shakespeare Theatre across the river on the opposite bank - to your right is the tramway bridge. As you view the theatre, turn left and follow the path. You will also see many activities to be had on the river, including hire of rowing boats or river cruises.  After a couple of hundred yards you will see on the river the pedestrian chain ferry (see picture on page).
 
Continue on and shortly after passing the ferry you will have a wonderful view of Holy Trinity Church. This is one of the best angles to photograph the church, especially as it will be framed by the weeping willows beside you. Some little way further you will see some attractive weirs and canal boat locks. Continue on until you come to the Mill Bridge. (as you look back to the views of the weirs, you might like to reflect on our severe floods, many years ago, when the weirs were completely submereged below the flooded river, which also came part-way up the apartment blocks opposite.)
 
Cross the bridge, keep to the right, walking up Mill Lane. Continue on for another 150 yards, where you will come to the entrance to Holy Trinity. You may enter the church yard and the church - if you keep to the right you will get another view from the west. In the church yard you will find a plaque denoting William Shakespeare's grave.
 
On leaving the church yard, turn right and right again to enter Avonbank Gardens, where you can visit the Brass Rubbing Center. Continue on and you will come to the Chain Ferry once more. Once past the ferry you will come to the Memorial Theatre Gardens at the rear of the Royal Shakespeare Theatre.  You will be able to walk along the river bank, until the theatre, where you can proceed along the theatre river terrace. There is a cafe here if you wish to stop.
 
On passing the theatre the beautiful Bancroft Gardens open up to your left in front of the theatre. Continue along the pathway alongside the river until you come to the prisoner's Bridge over the canal. Here you will see many canal boats tied up in the basin. On the other side of the canal you will be able to see the Gower Memorial, celebrating many works of Shakespeare.
 
Turn back towards the Tramway Bridge over the river, where you will get a panaramic view down the river avon and also the theatre, where from this angle it appears to be rising in the style of a Mississippi riverboat - an ideal place to get photos for the scrap book. 
 
Continue over the bridge, and at the end, turn right, follow the path until you again and up at the Bandstand.
 
Riverbank Walk - Access Guide
This walk was especially designed for those with visual impairments, but can be enjoyed by anyone. A trail is marked by reference posts which are numbered in both tactile signs and Braille. Cassettes describing the walk, can be hired free of charge from the Butterfly Farm, to help guide visitors along the path. The walk follows along the Tramway Path and then into the recreation grounds. There is an option to carry along towards the locks and Lucys Mill.
Swan's Nest Lane - situated next to the Butterfly Farm
Question:
Upon what river would you find the English town of Stratford?
Answer:
Avon, England
Passage:
World-Famous Bridge in Avignon France (Pont d'Avignon)
More
 
The world-famous bridge in Avignon France is officially called "Pont     St. Benezet".  It is the subject of a very famous song that     is known by children around the world entitled: " Sur     le Pont d'Avignon ".
The bridge, built in the 12th century, once spanned the beautiful     Rhone River.  Much of it was washed away by flooding over the centuries,     however, four of the original 22 arches still remain.
Pont St Benezet, Avignon France
Question:
What bridge, completed in the 12th century, is on the Rhone?
Answer:
Pont d'Avignon
Passage:
Lacrimal gland
The lacrimal-glands are paired, almond-shaped glands, one for each eye, that secrete the aqueous-layer of the tear film. They are situated in the upper-outer portion of each orbit, in the lacrimal fossa of the orbit formed by the frontal-bone.  Inflammation of the lacrimal-glands is called dacryoadenitis. The lacrimal-gland produces tears which then flow into canals that connect to the lacrimal sac. From that sac, the tears drain through the lacrimal duct into the nose.

Anatomists divide the gland into two sections. The smaller palpebral-portion lies close to the eye, along the inner-surface of the eyelid; if the upper-eyelid is everted, the palpebral-portion can be seen. 

The orbital-portion contains fine interlobular ducts that unite to form 3–5 main-excretory ducts, joining 5–7 ducts in the palpebral-portion before the secreted-fluid may enter on the surface of the eye.  Tears secreted collect in the fornix-conjunctiva of the upper-lid, and pass over the eye-surface to the lacrimal puncta, small holes found at the inner-corner of the eyelids.  These pass the tears through the lacrimal canaliculi on to the lacrimal sac, in turn to the nasolacrimal duct, which dumps them out into the nose. 

Microanatomy

The lacrimal-gland is a compound-tubuloacinar gland, it is made up of many lobules separated by connective tissue, each lobule contains many acini. The acini contain only serous-cells and produce a watery-serous secretion.

Each acinus consists of a grape-like mass of lacrimal-gland cells with their apices pointed to a central-lumen. 

The central-lumen of many of the units converge to form intralobular ducts, and then they unite to from interlobular ducts. The gland lacks striated ducts.

Innervation

The parasympathetic-nerve supply originates from the  lacrimatory nucleus of the facial nerve in the pons. From the pons nucleus-preganglionic-parasympathetic fibres run in the nervus intermedius (small-sensory root of facial nerve) to the geniculate ganglion but they do not synapse there. Then, from the geniculate ganglion, the preganglionic-fibres run in the greater petrosal nerve (a branch of the facial nerve) which carries the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers through the foramen lacerum, where it joins the deep petrosal nerve (which contains postganglionic-sympathetic fibers from the superior-cervical ganglion) to form the nerve of the pterygoid canal (vidian nerve) which then traverses through the pterygoid canal to the pterygopalatine ganglion. Here, the fibers synapse and postganglionic-fibers join the fibers of the maxillary nerve. In the pterygopalatine-fossa itself, the parasympathetic-secretomotor fibers branch off with the zygomatic nerve and then branch off again, joining with the lacrimal-branch of the ophthalmic-division of CN V, which supplies sensory-innervation to the lacrimal-gland along with the eyelid and conjunctiva.

The sympathetic-postganglionic fibers originate from the superior cervical ganglion. They traverse as a periarteriolar-plexus with the internal-carotid artery, before they merge and form the deep-petrosal nerve, which joins the greater petrosal nerve in the pterygoid-canal. Together, greater petrosal and deep-petrosal nerves form the nerve of the pterygoid-canal (vidian-nerve) and they reach the pterygopalatine-ganglion in the pterygopalatine-fossa. In contrast to their parasympathetic-counterparts, sympathetic-fibers do not synapse in the pterygopalatine-ganglion, having done so already in the sympathetic-trunk. However, they continue to course with the parasympathetic-fibers innervating the lacrimal-gland.

Blood supply

The lacrimal artery, derived from the ophthalmic artery supplies the lacrimal-gland. 
Venous-blood returns via the superior ophthalmic vein.

Lymphatic-drainage

The glands drain into the superficial-parotid-lymph nodes.  

Nerve-supply

The lacrimal nerve, derived from the ophthalmic nerve, supplies the sensory-component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve, derived from the facial nerve, supplies the parasympathetic-autonomic component of the lacrimal-gland. The greater petrosal nerve traverses alongside branches of the V1 and V2 divisions of the trigeminal nerve. The proximity of the greater-petrosal nerve to branches of the trigeminal-nerve explains the phenomenon of lesions to the trigeminal-nerve causing impaired-lacrimation although the trigeminal-nerve does not supply the lacrimal-gland.

Pathology

In contrast to the normal-moisture of the eyes or even crying, there can be persistent dryness, scratching, and burning in the eyes, which are signs of dry-eye syndrome (DES) or keratoconjunctivitis-sicca (KCS). With this syndrome, the lacrimal-glands produce less lacrimal-fluid, which mainly occurs with aging or certain medications. A thin strip of filter-paper (placed at the edge of the eye) the Schirmer-test, can be used to determine the level of dryness of the eye. Many medications or diseases that cause dry-eye syndrome can also cause hyposalivation with xerostomia. Treatment varies according to etiology and includes avoidance of exacerbating-factors, tear-stimulation and supplementation, increasing tear-retention, eyelid-cleansing, and treatment of eye-inflammation. 

In addition, the following can be associated with lacrimal-gland pathology:
* Dacryoadenitis
*Sjögren's syndrome

Additional images

 File:Gray514.png|The ophthalmic artery and its branches.
 File:Gray776.png|Nerves of the orbit. Seen from above.
 File:Gray841.png|Sympathetic connections of the sphenopalatine and superior cervical ganglia.
 File:Gray895.png|The tarsal glands, etc., seen from the inner surface of the eyelids.
 File:Gray897.png|Alveoli of lacrimal gland.
File:Slide3abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide4abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide5abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide6abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
File:Slide7abab.JPG|Extrinsic eye muscle. Nerves of orbita. Deep dissection.
Question:
In the human body, what do the lachrymal glands produce?
Answer:
TEARS
