Passage:
Gleneagles Hotel
Gleneagles Hotel is a luxury hotel near Auchterarder, Perth and Kinross, Scotland.

History

The hotel, which opened in 1924, was built by the former Caledonian Railway Company and retains its own railway station. 

During the Second World War, as with many large country hotels, it was converted into Gleneagles Hospital  under the charge of Dr Thomas Ferguson as Medical Superintendent.  

The hotel's golf course and luxurious surroundings meant that golf and grouse shooting at Gleneagles had, by the 1950s, become a fixed part of high society's calendar, along with yachting at Cowes and polo at Deauville.

When the hotel was being built, an up-and-coming dance band leader named Henry Hall was involved in buying their pianos, and organising the dance band entertainment. He decided that radio broadcasts would be an ideal way to advertise the new hotel, so was given permission to move his Trafford Band from Manchester's Midland Hotel to the Gleneagles and form a new band in Manchester. The hotel's opening night was celebrated with Scotland's first ever outside broadcast on June 4, 1924.

After the season ended, the band moved to the Adelphi Hotel in Liverpool. Summer 1925 saw the band return to Gleneagles, although their commercial recordings were made in Manchester, and the winter seasons were in Liverpool. 

Between 1982 and 1986, £11 million was spent on renovation and since 1982 the hotel has been open all year round. In 1986, and every year since, the hotel has been awarded five red stars by the AA. The hotel was owned for 31 years by the international alcoholic beverage firm Diageo, until it was sold to a private investment company Ennismore in 2015. 

The hotel was redeveloped  in preparation for hosting the 40th Ryder Cup Matches in 2014 played on the PGA Centenary Course.

Facilities

Restaurants

Gleneagles has four restaurants. The Strathearn is the hotel's main and most formal restaurant, and where the guests are served with breakfast. The  Deseo restaurant is a Mediterranean, family restaurant. It has six main areas: the main restaurant floor; Braids coffee bar; Deseo cocktail bar; Deseo at the spa; the quiet area (which is an adults-only quiet dining area) and the food emporium.  The last contains an area filled with the fresh produce used by the chefs, and an area from which one can watch the chefs work behind a fish, meat and cheese counter. In addition can be found The Dormy Clubhouse, and the fourth restaurant is a fine dining restaurant, awarded two Michelin stars.  

Golf

Gleneagles has remained famous for its world class golf courses: the King's Course, Queen's Course and PGA Centenary Course, previously known as the Monarch's Course. There is also a nine-hole course called the Wee Course and a Golf Academy which opened in 1994. The Jack Nicklaus designed PGA Centenary Course opened in 1993 and hosted the Ryder Cup in 2014. When asked about his work, Nicklaus said, "It's the finest parcel of land in the world I have ever been given to work with." 

Significant tournaments that have taken place (or will take place) at Gleneagles include: 

*Glasgow Herald Tournament from 1920 to 1927
*Curtis Cup in 1936
*Women's British Open in 1957
*Scottish Open from 1987 to 1994
*McDonald's WPGA Championship of Europe from 1996 to 1999
*Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles from 1999 to present
*40th Ryder Cup Matches in 2014

Transport links

The closest airport to Gleneagles with scheduled flights is Dundee Airport, 27 miles (43 kilometres) away and operated by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited (HIAL). 

Conference venue

Its luxury and degree of remoteness have made Gleneagles an ideal location for international conferences and as a spa retreat.

Significant conferences that have taken place (or will take place) at Gleneagles include:

*The Gleneagles Agreement on sporting contacts with South Africa at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 1977.
*The 1986 meeting ( 25–27 April) of the Bilderberg Group
*31st G8 summit in July 2005 – the London tube bombings took place in the middle of the summit. This meeting saw the foundation of the G8+5.

Other facilities

Sir Jackie Stewart, of Formula One fame, developed close ties with Gleneagles Hotel and established a successful clay pigeon shooting school.

The British School of Falconry has been located at Gleneagles since 1992. 

Glenmor Holiday Homes

The village of Glenmor has holiday homes set within the grounds of the hotel. 

Awards

Gleneagles Hotel has won/holds many awards,  including

* 5 Red AA Stars  (since 1986)
* Conde Nast Gold List 2009 - Best Hotel in the World for Facilities 
* Scotland's leading resort at the World Travel Awards 2008
Question:
Which sporting event traces its roots to a match between Britain and the US at Gleneagles in 1921?
Answer:
Ryder Cup Matches
Passage:
Gaberdine - Encyclopedia
Gaberdine - Encyclopedia
Gaberdine
GEOGRAPHICAL NAMES
GABERDINE, or Gabardine, any long, loose over-garment, reaching to the feet and girt round the waist. It was, when made of coarse material,commonly worn in the middle ages by pilgrims, beggars and almsmen. The Jews, conservatively attached to the loose and flowing garments of the East, continued to wear the long upper garment to which the name "gaberdine" could be applied, long after it had ceased to be a common form as worn by non-Jews, and to this day in some parts of Europe, e.g. in Poland, it is still worn, while the tendency to wear the frockcoat very long and loose is a marked characteristic of the race. The fact that in the middle ages the Jews were forbidden to engage in handicrafts also, no doubt, tended to stereotype a form of dress unfitted for manual labour. The idea of the "gaberdine" being enforced by law upon the Jews as a distinctive garment is probably due to Shakespeare's use in the Merchant of Venice, I. iii. 113. The mark that the Jews were obliged to wear generally on the outer garment was the badge. This was first enforced by the fourth Lateran Council of 1215. The "badge" (Lat. rota; Fr. rouelle, wheel) took generally the shape of a circle of cloth worn on the breast. It varied in colour at different times. In France it was of yellow, later of red and white; in England it took the form of two bands or stripes, first of white, then of yellow. In Edward I.'s reign it was made in the shape of the Tables of the Law (see the Jewish Encyclopedia, s.v. "Costume" and "Badge"). The derivation of the word is obscure. It apparently occurs first in O. Fr. in the forms gauverdine, galvardine, and thence into Ital. as gavardina, and Span. gabardine, a form which has influenced the English word. The New English Dictionary suggests a connexion with the O.H. Ger. wallevart, pilgrimage. Skeat (Etym. Dict., 1898) refers it to Span. gaban, coat, cloak; cabana, hut, cabin.
- Please bookmark this page (add it to your favorites).
- If you wish to link to this page, you can do so by referring to the URL address below this line.
http://www.theodora.com/encyclopedia/g/gaberdine.html
Copyright © 1995-2011 ITA all rights reserved.
Encyclopedia Alphabetically
Question:
What long, loose over-garment was the distinctive garb of Jews in the Middle Ages?
Answer:
GABERDINE
Passage:
Verdict
In law, a verdict is the formal finding of fact made by a jury on matters or questions submitted to the jury by a judge.  

Etymology

The term "verdict", from the Latin veredictum, literally means "to say the truth" and is derived from Middle English verdit, from Anglo-Norman: a compound of ver ("true," from the Latin vērus) and dit ("speech," from the Latin dictum, the neuter past participle of dīcere, to say).

Criminal law

In a criminal case, the verdict, which may be either "not guilty" or "guilty" — except in Scotland where the verdict of "not proven" is also available — is handed down by the jury. Different counts in the same case may have different verdicts.

A verdict of guilty in a criminal case is generally followed by a judgment of conviction rendered by judge, which in turn be followed by sentencing.

In U.S. legal nomenclature, the verdict is the finding of the jury on the questions of fact submitted to it. Once the court (the judge) receives the verdict, the judge enters judgment on the verdict. The judgment of the court is the final order in the case. If the defendant is found guilty, he can choose to appeal the case to the local Court of Appeals.

Compromise verdict

A compromise verdict is a "verdict which is reached only by the surrender of conscientious convictions upon one material issue by some jurors in return for a relinquishment by others of their like settled opinion upon another issue and the result is one which does not command the approval of the whole panel," and, as such, is not permitted. 

General verdict

A general verdict is one in which the jury makes a complete finding and single conclusion on all issues presented to it. First, the jury finds the facts, as proved by the evidence, then it applies the law as instructed by the court, and finally it returns a verdict in one conclusion that settles the case. Such verdict is reported as follows:

"We the Jury find the issues for the plaintiff (or defendant, as the case may be) and assess his damages at one hundred thousand dollars."

Note that the above does not include any mention of Jury Nullification, a right of jurors.

Sealed verdict

A sealed verdict is a verdict put into a sealed envelope when there is a delay in announcing the result, such as waiting for the judge, the parties and the attorneys to come back to court. The verdict is kept in the sealed envelope until court reconvenes and then handed to the judge. 

Special verdict

In English law, a special verdict is a verdict by a jury that pronounces on the facts of the case but does not draw the ultimate inference of whether the accused is guilty or not; the judge then applies the law and to convict or acquit.    In the words of William Blackstone, "The jury state the naked facts, as they find them to be proved, and pray the advice of the court thereon". 

The judge forced a special verdict in the famous case of R v. Dudley and Stephens but generally such verdicts should only be returned in the most exceptional cases.
Question:
In Scottish courts three verdicts are allowed – guilty, not guilty and which other?
Answer:
Scottish verdict
Passage:
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme? | Reference.com
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme? | Reference.com
What is the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme?
A:
Quick Answer
"Jack Sprat" is a traditional English nursery rhyme whose main verse says, "Jack Sprat could eat no fat. His wife could eat no lean. And so between them both, you see, they licked the platter clean." Though it was likely sung by children long before, "Jack Sprat" was first published around 1765 in the compilation "Mother Goose's Melody."
Full Answer
According to Rhymes.org, a U.K. website devoted to nursery rhyme lyrics and origins, the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme has its origins in British history. In one interpretation, Jack Sprat was King Charles I, who ruled England in the early part of the 17th century, and his wife was Queen Henrietta Maria. Parliament refused to finance the king's war with Spain, which made him lean. However, the queen fattened the coffers by levying an illegal war tax.
In an alternative version, the "Jack Sprat" nursery rhyme is linked to King Richard and his brother John of the Robin Hood legend. Jack Sprat was King John, the usurper who tried to take over the crown when King Richard went off to fight in the Crusades in the 12th century. When King Richard was captured, John had to raise a ransom to rescue him, leaving the country lean. The wife was Joan, daughter of the Earl of Gloucester, the greedy wife of King John. However, after King Richard died and John became king, he had his marriage with Joan annulled.
Question:
In the nursery rhyme, whose wife 'could eat no lean'?
Answer:
Jack Spratt
Passage:
Linda Thorson
Linda Thorson (born Linda Robinson on 18 June 1947) is a Canadian actress, best known for playing Tara King in The Avengers  (1968–69). For her role in The Avengers, Thorson received a special BAFTA at the 2000 BAFTA TV Awards along with the other three actresses from the series, Honor Blackman, Joanna Lumley and Diana Rigg.

Biography

Born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada,  she attended Bishop Strachan School,  and then moved to the UK in 1965 to study acting. She graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art with an Honours Diploma on 1 July 1967.  Her professional name is based upon her first married name, Mrs Barry Bergthorson. 

She was married to the American news anchorman and producer Bill Boggs with whom she has a son; they divorced. She was married to production designer Gavin Mitchell in November 2005, but divorced in 2011.

Thorson is bi-dialectal, speaking in her native Canadian accent when she is in North America, and received pronunciation when she is in the United Kingdom.

Career

Thorson is best known for her role as Tara King (succeeding Diana Rigg as Emma Peel) in the last season of the British TV adventure series, The Avengers, with the original star Patrick Macnee. She was reunited with Macnee in a commercial for Laurent-Perrier champagne in the mid 1970s which led to the series reappearing as The New Avengers,  although Thorson did not regain her role.

Since then, she appeared in character roles in many TV series and films, including Thriller, Return of the Saint, Valentino, The Greek Tycoon, the cult horror film Curtains, Blind Justice, Alan Alda's Sweet Liberty, and Marblehead Manor. 

She appeared from 1989 to 1992 in the daytime drama One Life to Live as Julia Wheaton Medina. She also appeared in Star Trek: The Next Generation, playing female Cardassian starship commander Gul Ocett in the 6th season episode 'The Chase' (1993).  From 1998-2000, she played Isabel in the Canadian series Emily of New Moon.

In 2002, she portrayed a Supreme Court Justice in the movie Half Past Dead with Steven Seagal and Ja Rule, and appeared in the 2006 action sequel Max Havoc: Ring of Fire. Throughout 2006-07, Thorson played the villainous Rosemary King in the ITV series Emmerdale.

Thorson has performed in many dramatic and musical stage productions, including appearances on Broadway in Nell Dunn's Steaming and Michael Frayn's Noises Off!.  In 1971, she starred alongside Michael Crawford and Anthony Valentine in the London West End hit show No Sex Please, We're British and later appeared as Titania in A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Open Air Theatre, Regents Park, London. She also played Hester Salomon in a UK tour of Equus opposite Simon Callow.  In the summer of 2008, she appeared at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park in the Lerner & Loewe musical, Gigi.

In 2013, Thorson appeared onstage in Tracy Lett's play August: Osage County about a dysfunctional family in Oklahoma. In 2014, she is slated to appear in Jon Robin Baitz's play Other Desert Cities. 

In 2013, Thorson produced a new stage play called The Goodbye Bird written by Colleen Murphy.

Filmography

*The System (1964 film - uncredited)
*The Avengers (1968-69, TV series)
*Valentino (1977)
*The Greek Tycoon (1978)
*Curtains (1983)
*The Lost Honor of Kathryn Beck (1984, TV movie)
*Walls of Glass (1985)
*Joey (1986)
*The Gladiator (1986, TV movie)
*Blind Justice (1986, TV movie)
*Sweet Liberty (1986)
*The Other Sister (1999)
*Half Past Dead (2002)
*Straight into Darkness (2004)
*Touch of Pink (2004)
*Max Havoc: Ring of Fire (2006)
*Committed (2011, TV movie)
*Best Christmas Party Ever (2014, TV movie)
*The Second Time Around (2016)
Question:
Who is the next in this series: Julie Stevens, Honor Blackman, Diana Rigg, Linda Thorson ... ?
Answer:
Joana Lumley
Passage:
History of Dover Castle | English Heritage
History of Dover Castle | English Heritage
Things to see and do
History of Dover Castle
Known as the ‘key to England’, the great fortress of Dover Castle has played a crucial role in the defence of the realm for over nine centuries, a span equalled only by the Tower of London and Windsor Castle.
The castle’s massive ramparts and ditches may have originated in an Iron Age hillfort. At the centre are the Roman lighthouse and Anglo-Saxon church, and above them are the great tower and inner bailey
Before the Castle
Commanding the shortest sea crossing between England and the continent, Dover Castle has a long and immensely eventful history. Many centuries before King Henry II began the great stone castle here in the 1180s, its spectacular site above the famous white cliffs may well have been the site of an Iron Age hillfort.
The Romans built a lighthouse – one of the best-preserved in Europe – on the heights here after they invaded in AD 43, to guide ships into the harbour. The Anglo-Saxon church beside the lighthouse was once probably part of a Saxon fortified settlement. Restored in the late 19th century by Sir George Gilbert Scott and William Butterfield, it is the largest and finest Saxon building in Kent.
Immediately after his victory at Hastings in 1066, William the Conqueror strengthened the defences with an earthwork and timber-stockaded castle. From then on Dover Castle was garrisoned uninterruptedly until 1958.
The recreated king’s chamber on the second floor of the great tower, fitted out to evoke a late 12th-century royal palace
The Medieval Castle
In the 1180s Henry II remodelled the castle, planning its great tower as a palace in which to entertain great visitors as well as a last redoubt for a strategically important castle. At 83 feet (25.3 metres) high, just under 100 feet (30 metres) square and with walls up to 21 feet (6.5 metres) thick, it has three floors of rooms, the topmost being state apartments for the king himself.
Within this magnificent showpiece, Henry could welcome and impress distinguished visitors to England – particularly noble pilgrims travelling to the new shrine in Canterbury Cathedral of Thomas Becket. The archbishop was slaughtered in front of the altar there by Henry’s household knights on 29 December 1170, ten years before the great tower was begun. On the second floor of the great tower is a chapel dedicated to Becket, with richly decorated stonework. 
Building work continued in the first half of the 13th century under King John and Henry III, who completed the successive rings of defensive walls surrounding the great tower.
An artist’s impression of the great siege of Dover Castle in 1216, showing French forces undermining the northern defences of the castle
© Historic England (illustration by Peter Dunn)
The Great Siege
In 1216–17 these defences were twice put to the test when Dover withstood a long siege by an invasion force led by Prince Louis of France in support of English barons rebelling against King John. The fortress resisted ten months of bombardment by siege engines, undermining by tunnels and eventually hand-to-hand fighting.
Following the siege, John’s son Henry III added three powerful new gatehouses and a fortified spur extension to the castle. By the 1250s the medieval defences had assumed the extent and shape they retain today, a highly visible symbol of English royal power.
   
The upper level of the protected passage, or caponier, built as part of the outer defences to the north of the castle during the Napoleonic Wars
The Castle Transformed
After the Middle Ages Dover was continuously garrisoned into the 20th century. Although it declined in importance from the 16th century, it still hosted royal visits by Henry VIII, Elizabeth I and Charles I’s queen, Henrietta Maria.
From the 1740s onwards the medieval banks and ditches were reshaped as the castle was adapted for artillery warfare. Later in the 18th century, when England faced the threat of invasion from Napoleonic France, even more spectacular additions were made to the castle’s defences. To house the huge numbers of troops needed to man them, a network of tunnels was dug in from the cliff face for use as barracks.
The reconstructed coastal artillery operations room in the Second World War tunnels at Dover Castle
Dover in Two World Wars
By 1905 advances in technology made it possible for coastal artillery around the harbour to be controlled from a central Fire Command Post built on the cliff edge. Its commanding position led the Admiralty to site a signal station on top of it in 1914, from which the Navy controlled the movement of all ships in and out of the harbour.
The Napoleonic tunnels were brought back into service in the Second World War, when they made their most notable contribution to British history. From 1939 they housed the command centre that controlled naval operations in the Channel. It was from here that in May 1940 Vice-Admiral Bertram Ramsay organised the extraordinary evacuation of British troops from Dunkirk.
Over the next few years the tunnels were greatly extended to serve as both a hospital and a large combined headquarters, responsible for guarding the Straits of Dover and involved in preparing for the 1944 invasion of Europe.
Later, during the Cold War, this network of tunnels was transformed into the secret location of one of Britain’s Regional Seats of Government, with the role of organising life in the event of a nuclear attack.
Question:
Which castle is known as ‘The Key of England’?
Answer:
The Dover Castle
Passage:
Ciabatta
Ciabatta (, literally slipper bread) is an Italian white bread made from wheat flour, water, salt, and yeast, created in 1976 by a baker in Verona, Veneto, Italy, in response to the popularity of French baguettes. Ciabatta is somewhat elongated, broad, flat and is baked in many variations.

While panino indicates any kind of sandwich regardless of the bread used (whether slices or a bun), a toasted sandwich made from small loaves of ciabatta is known as panini (plural of panino) outside of Italy.

Italy

Ciabatta was first produced in 1982 by Francesco Favaron, a baker from Verona, in collaboration with Molini Adriesi who provided the flour to produce the bread.
Mr. Favaron named the bread Ciabatta as he said that the shape of the bread reminded him of the slipper (Ciabatta) of his wife Andreina.

Cavallari, owner of Molini Adriesi called the bread ciabatta Polesano after Polesine, the area he lived in, and registered it as a trademark. The recipe was subsequently licensed by Cavallari's company, Molini Adriesi, to bakers in 11 countries by 1999.

Many regions have their own variations on the original recipe or a bread that closely resembles ciabatta and has become accepted as a variety of ciabatta; the ciabatta from the area encompassing Lake Como has a crisp crust, a somewhat soft, porous texture, and is light to the touch.

The ciabatta found in Tuscany, Umbria, and Marche varies from bread that has a firm crust and dense crumb, to bread that has a crisper crust and more open texture, and in Rome, it is often seasoned with marjoram.

New variations of the recipe continue to be developed. Wholemeal ciabatta are known as ciabatta integrale, and when milk is added to the dough, it becomes ciabatta al latte.

The sons of Francesco Favaron of Pan Technology confirm that their father personally invented this bread. Pan Technology is a private school devoted to bread, pizza, and pastry, that is located in the Veneto region of Italy. Mr. Favaron stated that he developed the idea of ciabatta in the 1960s by experimenting for years when working in the city of Milan. The manual produced by Pan Technology includes 1028 formulae for Italian regional breads, one of which, it is claimed, is the "original" ciabatta formula. Cavallari and other bakers in Italy were concerned by the popularity of sandwiches made from baguettes imported from France, which were endangering their businesses and so set about trying to create an Italian alternative with which to make sandwiches. The recipe for ciabatta came about after several weeks trying variations of traditional bread recipes and consists of a soft, wet dough made with high gluten flour.

Other countries

Ciabatta bread was introduced to the United Kingdom in 1985 by Marks & Spencer, then brought to the US in 1987 by Orlando Bakery, a Cleveland firm.  They brought over three bakers from Italy to develop the product and adapt it to mass production.  They successfully introduced a fresh bread, then later, a frozen version.  It was quickly copied throughout the United States and became widely available in Australia around this time, due to the large Italian Australian population.

The more open-crumbed form, which is usual in the United States, is made from a very wet dough, often requiring machine-kneading, and a biga or sourdough starter.

Gallery

Image:Ciabatta.jpg|A half-sized ciabatta
Image:Ciabatta beef pastrami.jpg|Beef pastrami served in ciabatta
Image:Submarine sandwich.jpg|Submarine sandwich based on a ciabatta
Image:Pain ciabatta aux olives noires.jpg|Ciabatta with black olives
Question:
The Italian bread ciabatta is named literally (actually) after what footwear?
Answer:
Slipper socks
Passage:
Kelly Hoppen
Kelly Elaine Hoppen MBE (born 28 July 1959) is a South African interior designer, author and proprietor of Kelly Hoppen Interiors. From 2013 to 2015, she was a "Dragon" on BBC Two's Dragons' Den.

Family

Kelly Hoppen was born on 28 July  1959 in Johannesburg, South Africa. Her mother Stephanie Hoppen (née Shub) and her father Seymour Hoppen are of Lithuanian Jewish ancestry.  Her brother, Michael, owns the Michael Hoppen Gallery.

Career

Hoppen began her career at the age of 16 when she was given the opportunity to design a family friend’s kitchen. She has designed for a number of celebrities, including David and Victoria Beckham; and Martin Shaw, who was one of her early clients. She has designed the homes, yachts and jets of private clients, as well as commercial projects in several countries, including hotels, restaurants, offices and aircraft. Some of Hoppen's most recent projects include a collaboration with Pearl Motor Yachts and the design of a LUX* Belle Mare hotel resort in Mauritius.

Hoppen is the author of eight design books to date. She became famous on the back of her 1997 book.  In November 2013, Hoppen published Kelly Hoppen Design Masterclass - How to Achieve the Home of your Dreams.

Hoppen uses a neutral colour palette such as taupe and beige. She has said of her design philosophy, "My philosophy has always remained the same. It's about creating calm balanced environments based on Eastern cultures, i.e. order and creation of harmony. How people feel in a space is as important as the way it looks, one can't be without the other to succeed." 

In January 2014, she launched her first e-commerce store: www.kellyhoppen.com with a self-designed interiors accessories range. The same year the Daily Telegraph ranked her as the second most influential female interior designer in Britain. 

Hoppen has also partnered a select number of licensees to offer a range of other home products including fabrics, shutters, paints, scents, furniture, wallpaper, taps, prints and products on QVC UK.

Television

In 2011, Hoppen presented her own show on Channel 5 called Superior Interiors with Kelly Hoppen. 

On 11 August 2013, Hoppen became one of the new dragons on BBC Two's Dragons' Den  following the departure of Hilary Devey. On 23 January 2015, she announced her departure from the show after three series. 

Guest appearances

*Lorraine (9 August 2013) - Guest
*Alan Carr: Chatty Man (30 August 2013) - Guest
*Through the Keyhole   (21 September 2013) - Celebrity Homeowner
*Loose Women (25 November 2013) - Guest
*Daybreak (23 January 2014) - Guest
*Sunday Brunch (2 February 2014) - Guest
*The Alan Titchmarsh Show (5 February 2014) - Guest
*Room 101  (14 February 2014) - Guest
*Tipping Point: Lucky Stars (23 August 2014)  - Contestant
*Would I Lie to You? (10 October 2014)  - Contestant 
*8 Out of 10 Cats (1 December 2014)  - Contestant

Awards

In 1996, Hoppen was awarded the Andrew Martin Interior Design Award by Andrew Martin International. She has subsequently won a number of other awards including European Woman Of Achievement in 2007, ELLE Decoration Award and Grazia Designer of the Year.

In March 2009, Hoppen was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.  The award was given for services to Interior Design. Hoppen is an ambassador for the Prince's Trust, the Government’s GREAT campaign and now works with UK Trade & Investment and other parts the government, as an adviser and mentor to small businesses.

In December 2013, Hoppen was awarded the Natwest Everywoman Ambassador award for inspiring more young women to excel. On 29 October 2015, Hoppen was listed by UK-based company Richtopia at number 35 in the list of 100 Most Influential British Entrepreneurs.  

Personal life

Although moving permanently to London, Hoppen returns to South Africa every year for Christmas. Hoppen has struggled in life because of her dyslexia. Her father worked in the fashion industry and her mother has a gallery in London exhibiting artists and photographers from around the world. Her older brother, Michael, owns the Michael Hoppen Gallery.

News of the World legal action

Hoppen lodged a claim against the News of the World and one of its reporters, Dan Evans, for "accessing or attempting to access her voicemail messages between June 2009 and March 2010".  Hoppen's case was one of five test cases concerning the hacking of the mobile phones of public figures by the paper due to be brought before the High Court early in 2012. In October 2011, she accepted £60,000 in damages from News International in relation to phone hacking in 2005-2006. No acceptance of liability was made in relation to the allegations against Evans in respect of 2009.  Since the settlement, her test case has been replaced by that of footballer Ashley Cole.
Question:
Kelly Hoppen and Piers Linney were the new faces in series 11 of what TV programme?
Answer:
Dragons' Den (Ireland)
Passage:
Kingsholm Stadium
Kingsholm Stadium is a rugby union stadium located in the Kingsholm area of Gloucester, England, and is the home stadium of Gloucester Rugby. The stadium has a capacity of 16,115. It is sometimes nicknamed 'Castle Grim' after the estate where the stadium is built. The new main grandstand, opened in 2007, is an all seated 7,500 capacity stand along the south touchline. It is currently sponsored by Mira Showers.

Kingsholm was used as a home stadium for England before they settled at Twickenham and also hosted New Zealand versus United States for a pool match in the 1991 Rugby World Cup.

In common with many grounds of English professional Rugby Union clubs, Kingsholm features several terraced standing areas. The North Stand is such an area and is known colloquially as 'The Shed'. It runs down the whole length of the pitch and holds around 3,000 people. The Shed is known within Rugby Union for its proximity to the pitch and the low roof, enabling fervent home support. The West Stand terrace holds around 1,615 spectators and has a row of hospitality boxes located above. It is sponsored by Stowford press.

The East Stand is an all seater stand located directly on Kingsholm Road. It holds around 3,000 fans. It is sponsored by JS Facilities Group.

History

A proposal by the then Gloucester Football Club to acquire the grounds where Kingsholm Stadium is built was first put together in July 1891.  The purchase was made and the first match took place in October 1891.  A pavilion was built in 1892, initially with seating capacity for 424 spectators. A wooden stand was added in 1923. In September 1933, a fire destroyed this stand; a larger replacement was completed before the end of the year in its place.  The original pavilion was demolished in 1934 and, in its place, was built the stand that is today known as The Shed.

International matches

In May 2008, the Barbarian F.C. and Ireland national rugby union team played a match at Kingsholm. Kingsholm has hosted eight other international matches, including one pool game in the 1991 Rugby World Cup and for four pool games in the 2015 Rugby World Cup, hosting Tonga, Georgia, Scotland, Argentina, the United States and Japan.

Kingsholm was also one of the venues for the 2000 Rugby League World Cup where, on 29 October, it hosted the group 2 game between New Zealand and Lebanon. The New Zealand team included future rugby union converts and Gloucester Rugby players, Henry Paul and Lesley Vainikolo.

Concerts

Kingsholm regularly hosts pop concerts, generally when the season has ended. The stadium has hosted acts ranging from Tom Jones, Mc Fly, Ronan Keating and The Wanted. In 2015 it hosted Madness and Elton John and in 2016 Jess Glynne and Lionel Richie.

Football

Kingsholm Stadium hosted several football matches for Gloucester City A.F.C. in the 1910s. Since the football club's 3rd major flooding in 17 years in 2007 at Meadow Park and subsequent exile from the City, Kingsholm had been discussed as both a temporary and permanent solution but no mutual agreement was found.

Future Development

In October 2003, Gloucester Rugby launched 'Project Kingsholm'. 'The Kingsholm Supporters Mutual' (KSM) was set up by Gloucester Rugby Football Club in October 2003, to help fundraise towards 'Project Kingsholm', the redevelopment of Gloucester’s entire ground at a cost of £6,000,000, and the launch of a supporters shares rights issue. The idea was to be similar to the development at Franklin's Gardens, home of Northampton Saints, although on a bigger scale, incorporating both seating and terracing. Despite the KSM meeting the fundraising targets, Gloucester Rugby abandoned all plans. In 2006, the club announced it would be making an extension to Kingsholm, bringing the stadium capacity up to 16,500. This was mainly to comply with Premier Rugby's minimum seat number requirements. The old main Grandstand (which was both terracing and seating) was later replaced by a new all seater structure, while terracing on the Worcester Street end of the ground was developed into an all seater stand, known as the 'Buildbase' stand at the time.

In January 2007, the club announced plans to redevelop The Shed terracing to all seater. This was intended to enable the entire stadium to become all-seating. A large number of supporters did not want to see this happen under the proposals put forward by Gloucester Rugby, and a poster campaign under the name of 'Save Our Shed' or 'SOS' was initiated by the KSM, and sponsored by the Gloucester Citizen newspaper. Posters were held up by supporters standing in the Shed, on camera during a televised Heineken Cup match against Leinster Rugby at Kingsholm. T-shirts were also made independently by supporters, with the slogan 'Save Our Shed' printed on them. The campaign did not protest the redevelopment of the Shed, rather the plans put forward at the time which were to replace all terracing with seats, leaving no alternative anywhere in the ground, despite such a large demand for terracing. In September 2008, chairman Tom Walkinshaw confirmed there were plans for the Shed to be redeveloped, but it would remain as a terrace (with an increased capacity of 6000), with hospitality units above it.[12] However, as of the 2010/11 season, the need and desire for redeveloping the Shed decreased with the above-mentioned plans proving to be conjecture, and as such abandoned, have never come into effect and do not appear to for the foreseeable future.

2007 also saw the club reject the proposal of moving to a brand new 15,000 capacity community stadium in an area of the city nicknamed 'The Railway Triangle' off Metz Way. This was intended to be shared with Gloucester City A.F.C.. The stadium would have been designed to allow for further development to hold up to 25,000 fans.
Question:
Rugby Union - Kingsholm is the home of which club?
Answer:
Gloucester, England
Passage:
Purbeck Marble
Purbeck Marble is a fossiliferous limestone found in the Isle of Purbeck, a peninsula in south-east Dorset, England. It is a variety of Purbeck stone that has been quarried since at least Roman times as a decorative building stone, but this industry is no longer active.

Geology

Stratigraphically these limestone beds lie towards the top of the Durlston Formation of the Purbeck Group. They were deposited during the Berriasian age of the Early Cretaceous epoch. Purbeck Marble is not a metamorphic rock, like a true marble, but is so-called because it can take a fine polish.
Its characteristic appearance comes from densely packed shells of the freshwater snail Viviparus.    Sussex Marble is similar in type. The 'marble' is properly classified as a biomicrudite, as it consists of large clasts (the snail shells) in a fine-grained limestone mud matrix. 

The individual marble beds (also known as 'seams'), lie between layers of softer marine clays and mudstone, laid down during repeated marine ingressions. Some of the beds contain iron oxide/hydroxide minerals, such as hematite or limonite, giving red or brown varieties, while other beds contain glauconite giving a green (or occasionally blue) colour.

Occurrence

Purbeck Marble is found at outcrop, or beneath superficial cover, all the way across the Isle of Purbeck from Worbarrow Tout in the west to Peveril Point in the east. The marble beds are never more than 1.2 m thick and are often much thinner. The outcrops lie within the Purbeck Monocline, with the beds dipping moderately steeply to the north. 

Use

There is a single example of Purbeck Marble being used during the Bronze Age, in a cist at Langton Matravers. During the Romano-British period, Purbeck Marble was used for inscriptions, architectural mouldings and veneers, mortars and pestles, and other articles. 

Purbeck Marble was also quarried in medieval times and can be seen in virtually all the cathedrals of the south of England, in columns and slab panels and flooring. For example, it is used in the Exeter, Ely, Norwich, Chichester, Salisbury, Lincoln, Llandaff, Southwark and Canterbury Cathedrals and in Westminster Abbey. 

It has been less used in modern times, but a remarkable example is the church at Kingston, Purbeck, Dorset built in 1874–1880. 

Though other strata of Purbeck Limestone are being quarried at the present time (2008), there are no active quarries in the Purbeck Marble.
However Purbeck Marble is required from time to time for restoration work, and some was extracted in 1993. 

Purbeck Marble is used by a number of contemporary sculptors, such as Emily Young.
Question:
Purbeck Marble originates from which English county?
Answer:
County of Dorset
Passage:
Turn Back Time (Aqua song)
"Turn Back Time" is a song by Scandinavian dance-pop group Aqua, released as their seventh single overall, and the sixth from their debut album Aquarium. The song became another worldwide hit for the group, and was included on the Sliding Doors soundtrack.

Composition

The song possessed less of a "bubble pop" sound than their other releases. The song was slow-paced and showed the full range of Lene Nystrøm Rasted's vocals, while maintaining the Aqua sound. The song samples the Pet Shop Boys' single, "Heart". 

Release

The song featured on the soundtrack for the 1998 film Sliding Doors, and was released across the world the same year. In Japan, "Turn Back Time" was released along with "My Oh My". The song subsequently gained far more radio airplay than their other releases.

Commercial performance

The single is their third number one single in the United Kingdom. On its May 1998 UK release, the song topped the charts for one week, making Aqua one of the few groups to have their first three singles all make number one. This single reached #18 on Billboards Top 40 Mainstream chart and therefore was their second highest charting hit in the United States.

Music video

The video for the release contained footage from Sliding Doors (1998), and was therefore very different from the previous, comedy videos by the group. There are two different edits of this video, one contains more clips from the film. Much of the video was filmed on the abandoned platform 5 at Holborn tube station.

Track listing

# "My Oh My"  - 3:25
# You Are Around - 3:32  
# "Good Morning Sunshine" - 4:03
# We've Got World - 4:13 
# "Lollipop (Candyman)" - 3:35
# Us My Mind - 3:04 
# "Doctor Jones" - 3:22
# "Barbie Girl" - 3:16
# "Roses Are Red"  - 3:43
# Pain Visit - 4:58 
# "Turn Back Time" - 4:09
# What Is A Fun Day - 4:31

Charts and certifications

Charts

All-time chart

Certifications
Question:
Who had a No 1 in the 90's with Turn Back Time
Answer:
Aqua (disambiguation)
Passage:
Organ (anatomy)
In biology, an organ or viscus is a collection of tissues joined in a structural unit to serve a common function.  In anatomy, a viscus is an internal organ, and viscera is the plural form.   

Organs are composed of main tissue, parenchyma, and "sporadic" tissues, stroma. The main tissue is that which is unique for the specific organ, such as the myocardium, the main tissue of the heart, while sporadic tissues include the nerves, blood vessels, and connective tissues. Functionally related organs often cooperate to form whole organ systems. Organs exist in all higher biological organisms, in particular they are not restricted to animals, but can also be identified in plants. In single-cell organisms like bacteria, the functional analogue of an organ is called organelle. 

A hollow organ is a visceral organ that forms a hollow tube or pouch, such as the stomach or intestine, or that includes a cavity, like the heart or urinary bladder.

Organ systems 

Two or more organs working together in the execution of a specific body function form an organ system, also called a biological system or body system. The functions of organ systems often share significant overlap. For instance, the nervous and endocrine system both operate via a shared organ, the hypothalamus. For this reason, the two systems are combined and studied as the neuroendocrine system. The same is true for the musculoskeletal system because of the relationship between the muscular and skeletal systems.

Mammals such as humans have a variety of organ systems. These specific systems are also widely studied in human anatomy.
* Cardiovascular system: pumping and channeling blood to and from the body and lungs with heart, blood and blood vessels.
* Digestive system: digestion and processing food with salivary glands, esophagus, stomach, liver, gallbladder, pancreas, intestines, colon, rectum and anus.
* Endocrine system: communication within the body using hormones made by endocrine glands such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, pineal body or pineal gland, thyroid, parathyroids and adrenals, i.e., adrenal glands.
* Excretory system: kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra involved in fluid balance, electrolyte balance and excretion of urine.
* Lymphatic system: structures involved in the transfer of lymph between tissues and the blood stream, the lymph and the nodes and vessels that transport it including the Immune system: defending against disease-causing agents with leukocytes, tonsils, adenoids, thymus and spleen.
* Integumentary system: skin, hair and nails.
* Muscular system: movement with muscles.
* Nervous system: collecting, transferring and processing information with brain, spinal cord and nerves.
* Reproductive system: the sex organs, such as ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, mammary glands, testes, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate and penis.
* Respiratory system: the organs used for breathing, the pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchi, lungs and diaphragm.
* Skeletal system: structural support and protection with bones, cartilage, ligaments and tendons.

Other animals

The organ level of organisation in animals can be first detected in flatworms and the more advanced phyla. The less-advanced taxons (like Placozoa, Porifera and Radiata) do not show consolidation of their tissues into organs.

Plants

The study of plant organs is referred to as plant morphology, rather than anatomy, as in animal systems. Organs of plants can be divided into vegetative and reproductive. Vegetative plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. The reproductive organs are variable. In flowering plants, they are represented by the flower, seed and fruit. In conifers, the organ that bears the reproductive structures is called a cone. In other divisions (phyla) of plants, the reproductive organs are called strobili, in Lycopodiophyta, or simply gametophores in mosses.

The vegetative organs are essential for maintaining the life of a plant. While there can be 11 organ systems in animals, there are far fewer in plants, where some perform the vital functions, such as photosynthesis, while the reproductive organs are essential in reproduction. However, if there is asexual vegetative reproduction, the vegetative organs are those that create the new generation of plants (see clonal colony).

History

Etymology

The English word "organ" derives from the Latin ', meaning "instrument", itself from the Greek word , ' ("implement; musical instrument; organ of the body"). The Greek word is related to , ' ("work").Barnhart's Concise Dictionary of Etymology The viscera, when removed from a butchered animal, are known collectively as offal. Internal organs are also informally known as "guts" (which may also refer to the gastrointestinal tract), or more formally, "innards".

Aristotle used the word frequently in his philosophy, both to describe the organs of plants or animals (e.g. the roots of a tree, the heart or liver of an animal), and to describe more abstract "parts" of an interconnected whole (e.g. his philosophical works, taken as a whole, are referred to as the "organon").

The English word "organism" is a neologism coined in the 17th century, probably formed from the verb to organize. At first the word referred to an organization or social system. The meaning of a living animal or plant is first recorded in 1842. Plant organs are made from tissue built up from different types of tissue. When there are three or more organs it is called an organ system. 

The adjective visceral, also splanchnic, is used for anything pertaining to the internal organs. Historically, viscera of animals were examined by Roman pagan priests like the haruspices or the augurs in order to divine the future by their shape, dimensions or other factors. This practice remains an important ritual in some remote, tribal societies.

The term "visceral" is contrasted with the term "", meaning "of or relating to the wall of a body part, organ or cavity". The two terms are often used in describing a membrane or piece of connective tissue, referring to the opposing sides.

7 Vital Organs of Antiquity

Some alchemists (e.g. Paracelsus) adopted the Hermetic Qabalah assignment between the 7 vital organs and the 7 Classical planets as follows:
Question:
What reddish-brown bean-shaped organs lies in the abdomen just under the diaphragm, one on each side of the backbone?
Answer:
Human kidney
Passage:
Grachtengordel (Amsterdam)
Grachtengordel (English: The Amsterdam Canal District) is a neighborhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The seventeenth-century canals of Amsterdam, located in the center of Amsterdam, were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in August 2010.  The Amsterdam Canal District consists of the area around the city’s four main canals: Singel, Herengracht, Keizersgracht, and Prinsengracht. From Brouwersgracht, the canals are generally parallel with one another, leading gradually southeast into the Amstel river.

Many of the canal houses in the Amsterdam Canal District are from the Dutch Golden Age in the 18th century. Many of these buildings, however, underwent restoration or reconstruction in various centuries, meaning that these building display many different architectural styles and facades.

History

Until the end of the 16th century, the city of Amsterdam encompassed the area inside the Singel and what is now Kloveniersburgwal. After the Alteration and change in management, the city expanded explosively. This led to Amsterdam's expansion in four stages between 1585 and 1665. In 1613, during the Twelve Years' Truce, reclamation of Herengracht, Keizersgracht, and Prinsengracht began.

After the Peace of Westphalia, Amsterdam created new space for investment and new plans were developed to expand the city. From about 1660, the canals were extended to the Amstel; these extensions bear the names: Nieuwe Herengracht, Nieuwe Keizersgracht and Nieuwe Prinsengracht. With this expansion, the city formed its iconic crescent shape.

World Heritage

In July 2006, the city of Amsterdam announced its intention to nominate the canal ring as a UNESCO World Heritage site. Because of new administrative requirements for the nomination, however, the nomination was delayed until December 2008. On August 1, 2010, at the 34th session of the World Heritage Committee added to the World Heritage List. 

Amsterdam's canal belt has been named a World Heritage site under the criteria I, II, and IV;  “to represent a masterpiece of human creative genius;” “to exhibit an important interchange of human values, over a span of time or within a cultural area of the world, on developments in architecture or technology, monumental arts, town-planning or landscape design;” and “to be an outstanding example of a type of building, architectural or technological ensemble or landscape which illustrates (a) significant stage(s) in human history,” respectively. 

In 2013, Amsterdam celebrated the 400th birthday of the Canal Ring. 

Museums and tourist attractions

The area is known for its small bridges going over the canals and 17th-century canal homes. The Anne Frank House is located in the Grachtengordel neighborhood on Prinsengracht. 

Other museums in the area include Het Grachtenhuis, Museum Van Loon, Museum of Bags and Purses, Museum Willet-Holthuysen, Museum Ons' Lieve Heer op Solder, Bijbels Museum, Foam Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam, Pijpenkabinet & Smokiana, Huis Marseille, and Museum Geelvinck-Hinlopen. 

Canon of Amsterdam

* The Grachtengordel is window number 12 in the Canon of Amsterdam.
Question:
What city has more than one hundred kilometres of canals (the main ones called Herengracht, Prinsengracht, and Keizersgracht), which were dug in the 17th century to form concentric belts around the city, known as the grachtengordel?
Answer:
Classis of Amsterdam
Passage:
Louise Brown
Louise Joy Brown (born 25 July 1978) is an English woman known for being the first human to have been born after conception by in vitro fertilisation, or IVF.

Biography

Louise Brown was born at Oldham General Hospital, Oldham, by planned Caesarean section delivered by registrar John Webster.  She weighed 5 pounds, 12 ounces (2.608 kg) at birth. Her parents, Lesley and John Brown, had been trying to conceive for nine years. Lesley faced complications of blocked fallopian tubes.[http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5iqs7hQfKFma-avGEqVGUGbLJ5xXQ "World's first IVF baby marks 30th birthday"], Agence France-Presse, 23 July 2008. Retrieved 24 July 2008.

On 10 November 1977, Lesley Brown underwent a procedure, later to become known as IVF (in vitro fertillisation), developed by Patrick Steptoe and Robert Edwards. Edwards was awarded the 2010 Nobel Prize in Medicine for this work.  Although the media referred to Brown as a "test tube baby",  her conception actually took place in a petri dish. Her younger sister, Natalie Brown, was also conceived through IVF four years later, and became the world's fortieth IVF baby. In May 1999, Natalie was the first IVF baby to give birth herself—naturally—to daughter Casey. Natalie has subsequently had three additional children; sons Christopher, Daniel, and Aeron, the last of whom was born in August 2013. 

In 2004, Brown married nightclub doorman (bouncer) Wesley Mullinder. Dr. Edwards attended their wedding. Their son Cameron, conceived naturally, was born on 20 December 2006.  Brown's second son, Aiden Patrick Robert, was born in August 2013.

Brown's father died in 2007.  Her mother died on 6 June 2012 in Bristol Royal Infirmary at the age of 64  due to complications from a gallbladder infection.

Ethical and religious issues

Although the Browns knew the procedure was experimental, the doctors did not tell them that no case had yet resulted in a baby. This has raised questions of informed consent. 

Shortly before the death of Pope Paul VI, when asked for his reaction to Brown's birth, the patriarch of Venice, Cardinal Albino Luciani (later Pope John Paul I), expressed concerns about the possibility that artificial insemination could lead to women being used as "baby factories", but also refused to condemn the parents of the child,  noting they simply wanted to have a baby.
Question:
What is the name of the world’s first test-tube baby, born on 25th July 1978 in Manchester, England?
Answer:
Louise J. Brown
Passage:
Talaria
Talaria (, ) are winged sandals, a symbol of the Greek messenger god Hermes (Roman equivalent Mercury). They were said to be made by the god Hephaestus of imperishable gold and they flew the god as swift as any bird. The name is from the Latin talaria, neuter plural of talaris, "of the ankle".

Appearances

The talaria are mentioned in Homer, who describes them as ἀμβρόσια χρύσεια / ambrósia khrýseia, ("immortal/divine and of gold").  However, he does not mention the wings. Those are first mentioned in the Shield of Heracles, which speaks of  / pteróenta pédila, literally "winged sandals."  Later authors repeat this characteristic, for instance in the Orphic Hymns XXVIII (to Hermes). 

In the story of Perseus, he wears them to help him slay Medusa.  According to Aeschylus, Hermes gives them to Perseus directly,  In a better-attested version, Perseus must retrieve them from the Graeae, along with the cap of invisibility and the kibisis (sack).  However, Perseus sees poorly because Hermes does not have his own sandals, nor Hades his own helmet. 

In popular culture

In Rick Riordan's fantasy-adventure novel The Lightning Thief, the Talaria is in the form of  sneakers instead of sandals. To activate them the wearer must say "Maia" They are used by Grover Underwood.
Question:
Said to be made of imperishable gold and as swift as any bird, what was the name given to the winged sandals worn by the Greek god 'Hermes'?
Answer:
Winged sandals
Passage:
Abdominal thrusts
Abdominal thrusts (also called the Heimlich maneuver or Heimlich manoeuvre) is a first aid procedure used to treat upper airway obstructions (or choking) by foreign objects. The term Heimlich maneuver is named after Dr. Henry Heimlich, who first described it in 1974. 

Performing abdominal thrusts involves a rescuer standing behind a patient and using his or her hands to exert pressure on the bottom of the diaphragm. This compresses the lungs and exerts pressure on any object lodged in the trachea, hopefully expelling it.

Most modern protocols, including those of the American Heart Association, American Red Cross and the European Resuscitation Council, recommend several stages for airway obstructions, designed to apply increasingly more pressure. Most protocols recommend encouraging the victim to cough, followed by hard back slaps, and finally abdominal thrusts or chest thrusts as a last resort. Some guidelines also recommend alternating between abdominal thrusts and back slaps.[http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/first-aid/FA00064 Foreign object inhaled: First aid], Mayo Clinic staff, Nov. 1, 2011.

History 

Henry Heimlich, noted for promulgating abdominal thrusts, claimed that back slaps were proven to cause death by lodging foreign objects into the windpipe.  The 1982 Yale study by Day, DuBois, and Crelin that persuaded the American Heart Association to stop recommending back blows for dealing with choking was partially funded by Heimlich's own foundation.  According to Roger White MD of the Mayo Clinic and American Heart Association (AHA), "There was never any science here. Heimlich overpowered science all along the way with his slick tactics and intimidation, and everyone, including us at the AHA, caved in." 

From 1985 to 2005, abdominal thrusts were the only recommended treatment for choking in the published guidelines of the American Heart Association and the American Red Cross. In 2006, both organizations drastically changed course and "downgraded" the use of the technique. For conscious victims, the new guidelines recommend first applying back slaps; if this method failed to remove the airway obstruction, rescuers were to then apply abdominal thrusts. For unconscious victims, the new guidelines recommend chest thrusts.

The European Resuscitation Council and the Mayo Clinic recommend alternating between five back slaps and five abdominal thrusts in cases of severe airway obstructions.

In some areas, such as Australia, authorities believe that there is not enough scientific evidence to support the use of abdominal thrusts and their use is not recommended in first aid. Instead, chest thrusts are recommended. 

Henry Heimlich also promoted abdominal thrusts as a treatment for drowning  and asthma  attacks. The Red Cross now contests his claims that the maneuver could help drowning victims or someone suffering an asthma attack. The Heimlich Institute has stopped advocating on their website for the Heimlich maneuver to be used as a first aid measure for drowning victims. His son, Peter M. Heimlich, alleges that in August 1974 his father published the first of a series of fraudulent case reports in order to promote the use of abdominal thrusts for near-drowning rescue.   The 2005 drowning rescue guidelines of the American Heart Association did not include citations of Heimlich's work, and warned against the use of the Heimlich maneuver for drowning rescue as unproven and dangerous, due to its risk of vomiting leading to aspiration.

In May 2016 it was reported that Henry Heimlich had used the maneuver for the first time, saving the life of a fellow resident at his retirement home in Cincinnati. 

Universal sign of choking

A choking victim is usually unable to speak, and may not be able to make much sound at all. A universal sign of choking has been designated as a silent indication from a person who is unable to breathe, and consists of placing both hands on one's own throat while trying to attract the attention of others who might assist. 

Technique 

Performing abdominal thrusts involves a rescuer standing behind an upright patient and using his or her hands to exert pressure on the bottom of the diaphragm. This compresses the lungs and exerts pressure on any object lodged in the trachea, hopefully expelling it.  This amounts to an artificially induced cough.  For example, WebMD recommends the rescuer placing his or her fist just above the person's bellybutton and grasping it with the other hand.  To assist a larger person, more force may be needed.   The Mayo Clinic recommends the same placement of fist and hand and upward thrusts as if you are trying to lift the person.

If the victim is not upright, the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) recommends positioning the person on his or her back, then straddling the torso and using chest thrusts. 

It is possible for a still-conscious choking victim to perform the procedure on oneself, without assistance.  The NIH recommends other procedures for children and for infants under a year old.

Due to the forceful nature of the procedure, even when done correctly, abdominal thrusts can injure the person on whom it is performed. Bruising to the abdomen is highly likely and more serious injuries can occur, including fracture of the xiphoid process or ribs.
Question:
What name is given to abdominal thrusts performed on a choking victim, which is named after the American physician to whom it is credited?
Answer:
Heimlich Maneuver
Passage:
Lupara
For the "comune" in Italy, see Lupara, Molise.

Lupara is an Italian word used to refer to a sawn-off shotgun of the break-open type. It is traditionally associated with Cosa Nostra, the Italian organized crime group dominant in Sicily for their use of it in vendettas, defense—such as its use against Mussolini's army when he decided to break up the Sicilian mafioso network—and hunting. 

The shortened barrel (or barrels) of a lupara lend themselves to easier handling in wooded areas, or to easier concealment and indoor employment in urban areas.  The lack of choke contributes to a wider spread of shot when the weapon is fired.

Terminology

The word lupara means literally "for the wolf", reflecting its traditional use in wolf hunting.  The word achieved wider recognition through Mario Puzo's bestselling novel The Godfather where the lupara is used extensively by the mafia in Sicily, including Michael Corleone's bodyguards.   

From the word lupara comes the Italian expression lupara bianca (white lupara), a term especially used by journalists to refer to a mafia-style slaying in which the victim's body is deliberately hidden.
Famous usage

An early example of criminal use of the weapon in the United States was the assassination of the New Orleans chief of police, David Hennessy, in October 1890.  The murder punctuated a rivalry between gangs of Sicilian fruit company stevedores whose contracts did not fall under the auspices of the local longshoreman's union. A pile of sawn-off shotguns was displayed after the murder, including a homemade gun with a folding iron stock, and another with a hook on its stock to brace against the arm when firing one armed. Anti-Italian provocation, following the failed prosecution of a group of suspected men, resulted in a mob assault on the New Orleans Parish Prison and the subsequent lynching of many Italian prisoners.  

A double barreled sawed-off break-open shotgun was used by Dylan Klebold during his participation in the Columbine High School massacre.
Question:
A traditional weapon of the Sicilian mafia, what is a lupara?
Answer:
Deer shotgun
Passage:
Anita Anand
Anita Anand ( ; born 28 April 1972) is a British radio and television presenter and journalist.

Early life and education

Anand was born in London, England, to Pakistani Hindu parents from the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, bordering Afghanistan.

Anand was educated at Bancroft's School,  where contemporaries included Nina Mackay. Anand then entered King's College London in 1990 graduating with a BA in English in 1993.

Broadcasting career

After training as a journalist, Anand became European Head of News and Current Affairs for Zee TV, and  one of the youngest TV news editors in Britain at the age of 25.  She presented the talk show The Big Debate, and was political correspondent for Zee TV presenting the Raj Britannia series – 31 documentaries chronicling the political aspirations of the Asian community in the most marginal constituencies in 1997. Until October 2007, Anand presented in the 10pm till 1am slot on Monday to Thursdays on BBC Radio 5 Live. She went on to co-present the station's weekday "Drive" (16:00–19:00) slot with Peter Allen, having replaced Jane Garvey in 2007. Aasmah Mir replaced her when she left for maternity leave. 

Anand has presented the BBC Radio 4 show Mid Week, which goes out on Wednesday mornings between 9:00 & 9:45 a.m. and on television, Anand has been a presenter on the Heaven and Earth Show. She has co-presented the Daily Politics on BBC Two with Andrew Neil from September 2008, with a break for maternity leave from January to September 2010.

Anand has also written articles for India Today and The Asian Age newspaper, and used to write a regular column in The Guardian (′Anita Anand's Diary′ 2004  - 2005 ).

In July 2011 Anand left the Daily Politics to present a new show called Double Take on Radio 5 Live on Sunday mornings.  In June 2012, Anand took over presenting Radio 4's Any Answers?  Saturday current affairs phone-in programme between 2:00 and 2:30 p.m. from Jonathan Dimbleby who continues to present the phone-in's sister programme, Any Questions? 

Author

Anand's book ′Sophia: Princess, Suffragette, Revolutionary′, about the Indian princess Sophia Duleep Singh granddaughter of the last Sikh Maharani and Maharaja of Lahore, born in exile in England, who went on to struggle for causes including Indian independence, the welfare of Indian soldiers in the First World War and women's suffrage, was published in 2015.  She also presented a 30-minute television documentary programme, based on the book, with the title, "Sophia, Suffragette Princess", which aired first on BBC One in late November 2015.

Awards

On 18 November 2005, Anand won the Nazia Hassan Award for 2005 in the category of Upcoming Television Broadcasters.  

Personal life

Anand married science writer Simon Singh in September 2007. The couple have two sons, Hari and Ravi, and live in London.
Question:
On which National Radio Station would you listen to Shelagh Foggerty, Anita Anand and Richard Bacon?
Answer:
RADIO 5 LIVE
Passage:
J. Otto Seibold
J.otto Seibold, artist and author/illustrator to over 20 children's books, born in Oakland, California in 1960, grew up an apricots-throw away from the  John Muir home in Martinez Ca. 
With no formal art training he was able to sneak into the art world during the " outsider artist" craze of the 1990s. He is the first person to create children's books digitally with "Mr.Lunch Takes a Plane Ride" (1993) and has continued publishing for 20 years. His book "Olive the Other Reindeer" (1996) led to an  animated television special of the same name produced by Matt Groening and Fox Family Entertainment.

His art has also been shown at Mass MOCA, Deitch Projects NYC, The Getty LA, Contemporary Jewish Museum SF, Grass Hut Portland, MOCA LA, The Yerba Buena Center for the Arts SF, Gallery Paule Anglim SF, Oakland Museum CA, Juxtapoz Gallery Detroit, and Galerie Impare in Paris. He has done freelance illustration for years including clients such as: Nike, Time Warner, Girl Skateboards, Pixar, Comcast, Giant Robot, Target, TiVo, 826 Detroit, Quaker Oats, Fox Entertainment, Gnu Skateboards, Swatch, Nordstrom

His book Penguin Dreams was named a New York Times "Best Illustrated Book". Mr. Lunch Takes a Plane Ride won a Cuffie Award from Publisher's Weekly; Mr. Lunch won for most memorable character in a lead role. Going to the Getty won an Art Directors Club Illustration Award. Olive, the Other Reindeer was a New York Times Bestseller and the movie version was nominated for an Emmy Award.

James has three children and after many far flung homes, currently lives and works in Oakland Ca.
 
Books illustrated by J.otto

Written by J.otto Seibold and Vivian Walsh

*Mr. Lunch Takes a Plane Ride (1993)
*Mr. Lunch Borrows a Canoe (1994)
*Monkey Business (1995)
*Free Lunch (1996)
*Going to the Getty (1997)

Written by Vivian Walsh

*Olive, the Other Reindeer (1997)
*Penguin Dreams (1999)
*Gluey: A Snail Tale (2002)
*Olive, My Love (2004)

Written by Richard Wilbur

*The Pig in the Spigot (2000)

Written by Lewis Carroll

*Alice in (pop-up) Wonderland (2003)

Written by J.otto Seibold

*Quincy, the Hobby Photographer (2006)
*The Fuchsia Is Now (2006)
*Other Goose (2010)
*Lost Sloth (2013)

Written by j.otto seibold and Siobhan Vivian

*Vunce Upon a Time (2008)
Question:
'Olive the Other... (what?)', is a Christmas book by Vivian Walsh and J Otto Seibold?
Answer:
Raindeers
Passage:
Chuckwalla
Chuckwallas are large lizards found primarily in arid regions of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. Some are found on coastal islands. The five species of chuckwallas are all placed within the genus Sauromalus; they are part of the iguanid family, Iguanidae.

Taxonomy and etymology

The generic name, Sauromalus, is a combination of two Ancient Greek words:σαῦρος (sauros) meaning "lizard"  and ομαλυς (omalus) meaning "flat".  The common name "chuckwalla" derives from the Shoshone word tcaxxwal or Cahuilla čaxwal, transcribed by Spaniards as chacahuala. 

Description 

Chuckwallas are stocky, wide-bodied lizards with flattened midsections and prominent bellies. Their tails are thick, tapering to a blunt tip.  Loose folds of skin characterize the neck and sides of their bodies, which are covered in small, coarsely granular scales. The common chuckwalla (Sauromalus ater) measures 15 3/4 inches long, whereas insular species such as the San Esteban chuckwalla of San Esteban Island (Sauromalus varius) can measure as long as 30 in.

They are sexually dimorphic, with males having reddish-pink to orange, yellow, or light gray bodies and black heads, shoulders, and limbs; females and juveniles have bodies with scattered spots or contrasting bands of light and dark in shades of gray or yellow.  Males are generally larger than females and possess well-developed femoral pores located on the inner sides of their thighs; these pores produce secretions believed to play a role in marking territory.

Range, habitat, and diet 

The genus Sauromalus has a wide distribution in biomes of the Sonoran and Mojave Deserts.  The common chuckwalla (S. ater) is the species with the greatest range, found from southern California east to southern Nevada and Utah and western Arizona, and south to Baja California and northwestern Mexico. The peninsular chuckwalla (S. australis) is found on the eastern portion of the southern half of the Baja California Peninsula.

The other species are island-dwelling, so have much more restricted distributions. The Angel Island chuckwalla (S. hispidus) is found on Isla Ángel de la Guarda and surrounding islands off the coast of the Baja California Peninsula.  Two rare and endangered species are the Montserrat chuckwalla (S. slevini) found on Islas Carmen, Coronados, and Montserrat in the southern Gulf of California and the San Esteban chuckwalla or painted chuckwalla (S. varius) found on San Esteban Island, Lobos, and Pelicanos.

Chuckwallas prefer lava flows and rocky areas typically vegetated by creosote bush and other such drought-tolerant scrub. The lizards may be found at elevations  up to 4,500 ft (1,370 m).

Primarily herbivorous, chuckwallas feed on leaves, fruit, and flowers of annuals and perennial plants; insects represent a supplementary prey.  The lizards are said to prefer yellow flowers, such as those of the brittlebush (Encelia farinosa).

Behavior and reproduction 

Harmless to humans, these lizards are known to run from potential threats.  When disturbed, a chuckwalla  wedges itself into a tight rock crevice and inflates its lungs to entrench itself.  

Males are seasonally and conditionally territorial; an abundance of resources tends to create a hierarchy based on size, with one large male dominating the area's smaller males. Chuckwallas use a combination of color and physical displays, namely "push-ups", head-hobbing, and gaping of the mouth, to communicate and defend their territory.

Chuckwallas are diurnal animals and as they are ectothermic, spend much of their mornings and winter days basking.  These lizards are well adapted to desert conditions; they are active at temperatures up to 102°F (39°C). Juveniles emerge first, then adults, as temperatures reach around 90°F. Chuckwallas hibernate during cooler months and emerge in February.

Mating occurs from April to July, with five to 16 eggs laid between June and August. The eggs hatch in late September. Chuckwallas may live for 25 years or more.

File:Male Chuckwalla.JPG|Large male chuckwalla, picture taken in the White Tank Mountains near Surprise, AZ
Image:Chuckwalla.jpg|Adult chuckwalla of the Sonoran Desert
Image:Juvenile Chuckwalla.jpg|Juvenile chuckwalla of the Sonoran Desert
Image:Chuckwalla(landers_ca).jpg|Adult chuckwalla of the Mojave Desert
Image:Basking Chuckwalla.jpg|Large male common chuckwalla in Joshua Tree National Park

Human use

The Comca’ac (Seri) considered the Angel Island species of chuckwalla an important food item.   They are believed to have translocated the lizards to most of the islands in Bahia de los Angeles for use as a food source in times of need.
Question:
What type of animal is a Chuckwalla?
Answer:
Lacertilian
Passage:
Finchley (UK Parliament constituency)
Finchley was a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election; its best-known MP was Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister from 1979 to 1990. Although boundary changes meant that she never again attained her large majority of 1959, she was nonetheless returned by comfortable (9,000) majorities at General Elections throughout her premiership.

The seat was abolished in 1997 and split between the Finchley and Golders Green and Chipping Barnet constituencies.

Boundaries 

1918-1945: The Urban Districts of Finchley and Friern Barnet.

1945-1950: The Municipal Borough of Finchley, part of the Municipal Borough of Hornsey, and part of the Urban District of Friern Barnet.

1950-1974: The Municipal Borough of Finchley, and the Urban District of Friern Barnet.

1974-1997: The London Borough of Barnet wards of East Finchley, Finchley, Friern Barnet, St Paul's, and Woodhouse.

In 1918 the constituency was created as a county division of Middlesex, centred on the town of Finchley, which before 1918 had been located in the Hornsey constituency. In 1934 the Finchley district became a Municipal Borough.

In 1945 there was an interim redistribution of parliamentary constituencies to split those with more than 100,000 electors, prior to the general redistribution of 1950. Middlesex was significantly affected by the interim changes.

In 1950 the seat was re-classified as a borough constituency, with the boundaries reverting to those of 1918.

In 1965 the area of the constituency was joined to other districts to form the London Borough of Barnet in Greater London.

Members of Parliament 

Elections

Elections in the 1910s 

* Endorsed by the Coalition Government

Elections in the 1920s 

Elections in the 1930s

Liberal candidate Lady Domini Crosfield withdrew following the formation of the National Government.

General Election 1939/40

Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940, but it was postponed after the outbreak of World War II. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place from 1939, and by the end of that year the following candidates had been selected: 
*Conservative: John Crowder 
*Liberal: Humphrey Razzall 
*Labour: Cyril Lacey

Elections in the 1940s

Elections in the 1950s

Elections in the 1960s

Elections in the 1970s

Elections in the 1980s

Elections in the 1990s

Notes and references

Sources

* Boundaries of Parliamentary Constituencies 1885–1972, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (Parliamentary Reference Publications 1972)
Question:
Which British politician became MP for Finchley in 1959?
Answer:
Baroness Margaret Thatcher
Passage:
1967 in the Vietnam War
January

;January 6, 1967

Operation Deckhouse Five was conducted by the United States Marine Corps and South Vietnamese Marine Corps forces along the Mekong River Delta, as part of the Vietnam War.  The operation was notable in that it was a sizable, combined U.S. Marine and Vietnamese Marine amphibious operation and it was the last Special Landing Force (SLF) amphibious landing to take place beyond the boundaries of I Corps.  The operation occurred January 6–15, 1967.

;January 8, 1967

Operation Cedar Falls was a military operation conducted primarily by US forces. The aim of this massive search and destroy operation was to eradicate the so-called "Iron Triangle", an area located in close proximity to Saigon which had become a major stronghold of the communist National Liberation Front (NLF) or Viet Cong. The operation began on January 8, 1967 and ended on January 28, 1967. 

File:Deckhouse V photograph - 1.jpg|Two U.S. Marine Corps amphibious tractors are moving along the beach in the foreground, with a UH-1 helicopter approaching at right.  is in the background during Operation Deckhouse Five.

February

;February 14, 1967

The Battle of Tra Binh Dong was probably the most famous battle fought by the South Korean Marines. It was fought in the Tra Binh Dong village near the border of Cambodia.

;February 17, 1967

Operation Bribie, or the Battle of Ap My An, was fought during the Vietnam War in Phuoc Tuy province between Australian forces from the 6th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (6RAR) and the Viet Cong, reinforced by North Vietnamese regulars.

;February 22, 1967

Operation Junction City was an 82-day military operation conducted by United States and Republic of Vietnam (RVN or South Vietnam) forces begun on February 22, 1967 lasting until May 14, 1967.  It was the largest U.S. airborne operation since Operation Market Garden during World War II, the only major airborne operation of the Vietnam War, and one of the largest U.S. operations of the Southeast Asian conflict.

April

;April 21
Operation Union was a military operation conducted by the United States Marine Corps. It was a search and destroy mission in the Que Son Valley carried out by the 1st Marine Regiment.  The object of the operation was the 2nd Division of the People’s Army of Vietnam (PAVN, often in US sources "North Vietnamese Army" or NVA).  Launched on April 21, 1967 the operation ended May 16.

From April to May 1967 The Hill Fights was a battle between the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN or NVA) and United States Marines on Hills 881 North, 881 South, and 861 north of Khe Sanh Combat Base in the I Corps Tactical Zone.

May

;May 11, 1967

Running from May 11 to 1 July 1967 Operation Malheur I and Operation Malheur II were a series of military actions conducted by the United States army subduing increased activity by National Liberation Front (NLF) forces in the northern part of South Vietnam.

;May 25, 1967

Operation Union II was a search and destroy mission in the Que Son Valley carried out by the 5th Marine Regiment. Launched on May 25, 1967 the operation ended June 5.

July

;July 2, 1967

Running from July 2 to July 14, 1967 Operation Buffalo was a major operation that took place in the southern half of the DMZ, northeast of Con Thien.

;July 2, 1967

The Battle of July Two was a short engagement that took place along Route 561 between Gia Binh and An Kha, during Operation Buffalo. The North Vietnamese 90th Regiment was engaged with the American Marines.

;July 9, 1967

Operation Hong Kil Dong was the largest South Korean operation of the Vietnam War to halt infiltration into friendly areas.

September

;September 19
The Royal Thai Army Regiment starts its deployment in South Vietnam. 
;September 4, 1967
Operation Swift was a search and destroy mission in the Que Son Valley carried out by the 1st Marine Division. Launched on September 4, 1967 the ensuing battles killed 114 Americans and an estimated 376 North Vietnamese.  The operation ended September 15.

October

;October 10, 1967

Operation Medina was a search and destroy operation conducted in the Hai Lang Forest Reserve of South Vietnam.  It lasted till the 20th of October.

;October 17, 1967
The Battle of Ong Thanh was a battle of the Vietnam War that saw the soldiers of the 2nd Battalion, 28th Infantry (the "Black Lions"), ambushed and subsequently decimated by a well-entrenched and prepared National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam (NLF), or Viet Cong, regiment outnumbering the Americans almost 10-to-1.

;October–November
The first battle of Loc Ninh was a conflict in the Vietnam War fought by the Vietcong and the CIDG, and ended when ARVN and US forces came to the camp.

November

;November 3–22, 1967
The Battle of Đắk Tô was a series of major engagements of the Vietnam War that took place in Kontum Province, in the Central Highlands of the Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam).

;November 11, 1967

Operation Wheeler/Wallowa was an offensive on the part of the Americans, of which the My Lai Massacre by a platoon led by Lt William Calley was part. 

December

;December 6–20, 1967

The Battle of Tam Quan was a two-week battle fought when the American 8th Cavalry and other units disrupted the 7th and 8th battalions of the 22nd NVA Regiment, which was in the process of preparing to conduct a major attack on ARVN installations at Tam Quan. 

Year in numbers

Bibliography

; Notes

; References

*  Total pages: 483.
*  Total pages: 312.
*  Total pages: 396.
*
Question:
What was the USA's biggest attack of the Vietnam War when it took place in February 1967?
Answer:
Operation junction city
