Passage:
JWS Water Engineering
JWS Water Engineering
What is the popular name for little baked sausages wrapped in rashers of streaky bacon?
Pigs in blankets
Question 2.
The Christmas period of 1813-14 saw the last what in London?Christmas Fair on a frozen River Thames
Question 3.
In Victorian England which people were popularly called robins because of their red uniforms?Postmen
Question 4.
From Christmas day 2013 to Christmas Day 2023, over these 10 years what's the potential saving (Euros) of having Steam Steriliastion compared to a conventional heat system?90,000 Euros
Question 5.
Who are the four ghosts in Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol?Christmas Past, Christmas Present, Christmas Yet to Come, and Jacob Marley
Question 6.
Question:
The Christmas period of 1813-14 saw the last what in London?
Answer:
Christmas Fair on a frozen River Thames
Passage:
Dominique Jean Larrey
Dominique Jean Larrey (; 8 July 1766 – 25 July 1842) was a French surgeon in Napoleon's Grand Armée and an important innovator in battlefield medicine and triage. He is often considered the first modern military surgeon.

Biography

Larrey was born in the little village of Beaudéan, in the Pyrenees as the son of a shoemaker, who later moved to Bordeaux. Larrey was orphaned at the age of 13. He was then raised by his uncle Alexis, who was chief surgeon in Toulouse. After serving a 6-year apprenticeship, he went to Paris to study under Pierre-Joseph Desault, who was chief surgeon at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris. His studies were cut short by war. Larrey went to Brest where he was appointed in the navy and gave lectures. In 1788 he was sent to Newfoundland and Labrador. In 1789 he was back in Paris and finished his thesis on Eskimos. He cooperated with Jean-Nicolas Corvisart, Marie François Xavier Bichat and Raphaël Bienvenu Sabatier in Les Invalides. In 1792, during the War of the First Coalition he joined the Army of the Rhine. In Mainz he met with Samuel Thomas von Sömmerring.

During this time, Larrey initiated the modern method of army surgery, field hospitals and the system of army ambulance corps. After seeing the speed with which the carriages of the French flying artillery maneuvered across the battlefields, Larrey adapted them as Flying Ambulances [http://www.acep.org/About-Us/The-Revolutionary-Flying-Ambulance-of-Napoleon-s-Surgeon/] for rapid transport of the wounded and manned them with trained crews of drivers, corpsmen and litterbearers. Larrey also increased the mobility and improved the organization of field hospitals, effectively creating a forerunner of the modern MASH units. He established a rule for the triage of war casualties, treating the wounded according to the seriousness of their injuries and urgency of need for medical care, regardless of their rank or nationality. Soldiers of enemy armies, as well as those of the French and their allies, were treated.

In 1794 he was sent to Toulon, where he met for the first time with Napoleon. He married the paintress Marie-Élisabeth Laville-Leroux. In Spain he fell ill and was sent back to Paris. He became professor at Val-de-Grâce but was appointed as surgeon-in-chief of the Napoleonic armies in Italy in 1797, and went to Egypt the year after. In the Battle of Acre he got wounded. In 1801 he was back in France.

Larrey was made a Commandeur of the Légion d'honneur on 12 May 1807. He joined in the Battle of Aspern-Essling, where he operated on Marshall Jean Lannes and amputated one of his legs in two minutes. He became the favorite of the Emperor, who commented, "If the army ever erects a monument to express its gratitude, it should do so in honor of Larrey", he was ennobled as a Baron on the field of Wagram in 1809. In 1811, Baron Larrey co-led the surgical team that performed a pre-anesthetic mastectomy on Frances Burney in Paris.  Her detailed account of this operation gives insight into early 19th century doctor-patient relationships, and early surgical methods in the home of the patient. Larrey was involved in the French invasion of Russia.

When Napoleon was sent to Elba, Larrey proposed to join him, but the former Emperor refused. At Waterloo in 1815 his courage under fire was noticed by the Duke of Wellington who ordered his soldiers not to fire in his direction so as to "give the brave man time to gather up the wounded" and saluted "the courage and devotion of an age that is no longer ours". Trying to escape to the French border, Larrey was taken prisoner by the Prussians who wanted to execute him on the spot. Larrey was recognized by one of the German surgeons, who pleaded for his life. Perhaps partly because he had saved the life of Blücher's son when he was wounded near Dresden and taken prisoner by the French, he was pardoned, invited to Blücher's dinner table as a guest and sent back to France with money and proper clothes. He devoted the remainder of his life to writing, but after the death of Napoleon he started a new medical career in the army as chief-surgeon. In 1826 he visited England, received well by British surgeons. In 1829 he was appointed in the Institut de France. In 1842 he went to Algiers, together with his son, and fell ill. Larrey died on his way back in Lyon. His corpse was taken to Paris and buried at Père-Lachaise.

Larrey's writings are still regarded as valuable sources of surgical and medical knowledge and have been translated into all modern languages. Between 1800 and 1840 at least 28 books or articles were published. His son Hippolyte (born 1808) was surgeon-in-ordinary to the emperor Napoleon III. 

Works

Ambulance volante du modèle Larrey.
* Relation historique et chirurgicale de l’expédition de l’armée d’orient, en Egypte et en Syrie. Demonville, Paris 1803.
* Mémoires de chirurgie militaire, et campagnes. J. Smith, Paris 1812. (digitalized books: [https://archive.org/details/mmoiresdechiru01larr Volume1], [https://archive.org/details/mmoiresdechiru02larr Volume 2], [https://archive.org/details/mmoiresdechiru03larr Volume 3])
** Richard H. Willmott: Memoirs of military surgery. Cushing, Baltimore 1814. (volumes 1–3, [https://archive.org/details/memoirsmilitary01hallgoog digitalized book])
** John C. Mercer: Surgical memoirs of the campaigns of Russia, Germany, and France. Carey & Lea, Philadelphia 1832. (volume 4, [https://archive.org/details/55810930R.nlm.nih.gov digitalized Book])
Question:
Jean Dominique Larrey developed which type of vehicle?
Answer:
Medical car
Passage:
Kate Garraway
Kathryn Mary Garraway (born 4 May 1967) is an English television and radio presenter, best known for her television roles with ITV Breakfast.

Garraway presents a mid-morning show on Smooth Radio on weekdays as well as the ITV Breakfast programme Good Morning Britain. Previously, she hosted various daytime programmes including Daybreak (2010–2014), Lorraine (2010–2014) and GMTV (2000–2010).

Garraway occasionally presents The National Lottery Draws on Saturday evenings for BBC One.

Early life

Garraway's father was a civil servant and her mother was a teacher. She attended Dunmore Primary School and Fitzharrys School in Abingdon.  She then graduated from Bath College of Higher Education with a BA in English and History.

Career

Television

In 1994, Garraway joined the South edition of ITV News Central on ITV Central as a production journalist, reporter and news presenter. In 1996, she became co-presenter of the South East edition of ITV News Meridian on ITV Meridian, she was "talent spotted" by a boss who viewed Garraway presenting a three-minute bulletin on ITV Central.

In 1997, she gained national exposure on BBC News 24, when she presented such stories as the signing of the Good Friday Agreement. In 1998, Garraway joined Sunrise on Sky News with Martin Stanford.

Garraway joined GMTV in September 2000 co-presenting GMTV Today with Andrew Castle each Fridays (and Thursdays later on). Garraway eventually went on to share presenting duties with Fiona Phillips and  Emma Crosby. In 2009, when GMTV relaunched, she co-hosted the programme with Ben Shephard, presenting on Monday, Tuesday and alternate Wednesdays. During Garraway's time at GMTV, she had also co-presented with  Eamonn Holmes, John Stapleton, Emma Crosby and Dan Lobb. She presented her final show on 31 August 2010.

She presented one series of Too Many Cooks in 2004. In 2007, she was the questioner on The People's Quiz. In 2009, Garraway presented The Biggest Loser for ITV. She was later replaced by Davina McCall. Garraway was a regular panellist on Wall of Fame, hosted by David Walliams.

She became entertainment editor of Daybreak on ITV Breakfast (the successor to GMTV) in September 2010. On 6 December 2011, she took over from Christine Bleakley as the main presenter on an interim basis.  On 4 May 2012, it was announced Lorraine Kelly would become the permanent replacement for Bleakley in September 2012.[http://www.itv.com/news/update/2012-05-04/new-presenters-of-itvs-daybreak/ New presenters announced for ITV's Daybreak] ITV News, 4 May 2012  On 3 August 2012, it was revealed that Garraway had signed a new contract to present each Friday in Kelly's absence.  On 15 February 2014, it was announced Kelly would additionally front the Friday edition of Lorraine.  

On 3 March 2014, it was revealed that Daybreak would be axed and replaced with Good Morning Britain which Garraway currently co-presents on Friday mornings alongside Ben Shephard.  However, with these changes, came the news that Lorraine Kelly would be presenting Lorraine five days a week, meaning that Garraway no longer continued to present Kelly's show on Fridays. She hosted her final Daybreak and Lorraine shows on 25 April 2014 ahead of joining Good Morning Britain the following month. Since joining Good Morning Britain, Garraway's appearances on Lorraine have stopped.[http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/tv/news/a566813/daybreak-ends-itvs-morning-show-waves-goodbye.html Daybreak ends: ITV's morning show waves goodbye]

Garraway has occasionally presented The National Lottery Draws on BBC One since 2014.

Strictly Come Dancing

Garraway appeared in the fifth series of Strictly Come Dancing, partnered with professional dancer Anton du Beke. Garraway finished 8th of the 14 couples despite receiving the lowest score from the judges in every week but one, as she was repeatedly saved by the public vote, prior to her elimination in week seven. 

In February 2008, Garraway launched legal action against the Sunday Mirror after it published a photograph of her embracing du Beke, insinuating that they were having an affair, which the pair both denied. 

Radio

Garraway's broadcasting career began with BBC Radio Oxford, and she had become an Independent Television News trainee journalist by 1994.

On 18 and 19 August 2012, Garraway co-presented two episodes of 'Weekend Breakfast' (with Colin Paterson). Over the weekend of 8 September, Garraway again presented 'Weekend Breakfast' with Colin Patterson 
On 6 October 2013, she stood in for Andrew Castle for a show on LBC Radio.

Since March 2014, Garraway has presented a mid-morning show weekdays on Smooth Radio. 

Personal life

Garraway married Ian Rumsey, her former boss at ITV Meridian, in her hometown of Abingdon, Oxfordshire in 1998. They divorced in April 2002.

In September 2005, Garraway married Derek Draper in Camden, London. Draper was a political aide to former Labour cabinet minister Peter Mandelson, and was at the centre of the scandal known as "Lobbygate".  The couple's first child, a daughter, was born in Hammersmith and Fulham, London, on 10 March 2006.

According to a report in the Daily Mail, Garraway built an extension to her home without planning permission from the local council. She attempted to put in a retrospective planning application but it failed to appease them and was told to scale down the extension to her North London home. 

Garraway is a charity ambassador for the  Make-A-Wish Foundation.[https://www.looktothestars.org/news/7780-kate-garraway-named-as-make-a-wish-ambassador Kate Garraway Named As Make-A-Wish Ambassador - Look to the Stars]

Filmography

;Television

;Guest appearances

*Have I Got News for You (2003) 
*The Wright Stuff (2003) 
*8 Out of 10 Cats (5 August 2005) 
*Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes (2006) 
*The F Word (2008)
*Shooting Stars (2008)
*As Seen on TV (2009)[http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00lt0st BBC One - As Seen on TV, Episode 2]
*Celebrity Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (2011)
*All Star Family Fortunes (2012) 
*Pointless Celebrities (2012, 2014, 2015)[http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/tv/news/a586502/pat-sharp-teams-with-dave-benson-phillips-for-pointless-celebrities.html#~oLeG9AcsIEXz6D Pat Sharp teams with Dave Benson-Phillips for Pointless Celebrities] 
*Paddy's 2012 Show & Telly (2012)   
*This Morning (2012; 5 episodes) 
*Celebrity Juice (2013)
*Tricked (2013) 
*The Chase: Celebrity Special  (2013)
*The Guess List (2014)
*Celebrity Fifteen to One (2014) 
*Pointless Celebrities (2015)
*James Martin: Home Comforts (2016) 
*The Keith Lemon Sketch Show (2016; 2 episodes) 
*The TV That Made Me (2016)
*Safeword (2016)
Question:
Which former political lobbyist is now married to GMTV presenter Kate Garraway
Answer:
Dolly Draper
Passage:
HAWAIIAN EXPRESSIONS - Maui
HAWAIIAN EXPRESSIONS
HAWAIIAN EXPRESSIONS
Aloha to all (including speaker)
Aloha kaua
Aloha to you (singular) and me
Aloha ke akua
Aloha to all of you (plural)
Aloha kakahiaka
Good evening to all of you (plural)
E komo mai
E komo mai, e noho mai, e `ai a e, wala`au
Come in, come sit, eat and talk
Komo mai
Komo mai e inu ka wai
Come in, drink
My precious pearl [a beloved person]
Noho ilalo
Aia i hea kou kauhale?
Where is your kauhale? 
("Kauhale" is a group of houses that comprise a typical, old style, 
Hawaiian living situation)
Aia i _____ ko`u kauhale.
______ is where I live.
He aha kau helu kelopana?
What is your phone number?
_____ ka`u kekepona.
Ma hea 'oe e noho nei?
Where do you live?
Good-bye, until we meet again
A hui kaua
Ke Akua pu a hui hou
God bless you and see you later
Malama pono
(Can be a response to mahalo)
He me iki ia
I invite aloha to you
(An appropriate salutation in a letter)
Aloha wau ia 'oe
(Note:  wau is with a soft "v")
E hana me ka ha`aha`a
Let us work with humbleness
`Ehia ou makahiki?
E `olu`olu `oe/ `Olu`olu
Please
E pili mau na pomaika`i ia `oe
May blessings ever be with you
Hana hou
To work with the hands
Hau`oli la hanau
Hau`oli la ho`omana`o
Happy Anniversary
To set things right, amend, rectify
I mua
That which is within matters
Makemake oe
I desire you, I miss you
Maui nui a kama
All of Maui that belongs to Kama
Me ka aloha
With kindest regards; warm aloha
(An appropriate close in a letter)
Me ka ha`aha`a
Humbly yours
(An appropriate close in a letter)
Mele kalikimaka
The best (this follows a noun)
`Okole maluna
Observe, be silent and learn
(If words are exiting your mouth, wisdom cannot come in)
Welina
www.mauimapp.com
Maui Island Guide
1/ Okinas and macrons impart important differences in the pronunciation and meaning of words in the Hawaiian language. Due to font limitations, macrons are represented with an underline. For macron usage, replace the underline below a letter with a macron over the same letter.
Question:
What is Hawaiian for hello or goodbye?
Answer:
Aloha
Passage:
French and Indian War - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
French and Indian War - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
French and Indian War
A+E Networks
Introduction
Also known as the Seven Years’ War, this New World conflict marked another chapter in the long imperial struggle between Britain and France. When France’s expansion into the Ohio River valley brought repeated conflict with the claims of the British colonies, a series of battles led to the official British declaration of war in 1756. Boosted by the financing of future Prime Minister William Pitt, the British turned the tide with victories at Louisbourg, Fort Frontenac and the French-Canadian stronghold of Quebec. At the 1763 peace conference, the British received the territories of Canada from France and Florida from Spain, opening the Mississippi Valley to westward expansion.
Google
The Seven Years’ War (called the French and Indian War in the colonies) lasted from 1756 to 1763, forming a chapter in the imperial struggle between Britain and France called the Second Hundred Years’ War. In the early 1750s, France’s expansion into the Ohio River valley repeatedly brought it into conflict with the claims of the British colonies, especially Virginia . During 1754 and 1755, the French defeated in quick succession the young George Washington , Gen. Edward Braddock, and Braddock’s successor, Governor William Shirley of Massachusetts . In 1755, Governor Shirley, fearing that the French settlers in Nova Scotia (Acadia) would side with France in any military confrontation, expelled hundreds of them to other British colonies; many of the exiles suffered cruelly. Throughout this period, the British military effort was hampered by lack of interest at home, rivalries among the American colonies, and France’s greater success in winning the support of the Indians. In 1756 the British formally declared war (marking the official beginning of the Seven Years’ War), but their new commander in America, Lord Loudoun, faced the same problems as his predecessors and met with little success against the French and their Indian allies.
The tide turned in 1757 because William Pitt, the new British leader, saw the colonial conflicts as the key to building a vast British empire. Borrowing heavily to finance the war, he paid Prussia to fight in Europe and reimbursed the colonies for raising troops in North America. In July 1758, the British won their first great victory at Louisbourg, near the mouth of the St. Lawrence River. A month later, they took Fort Frontenac at the western end of the river. Then they closed in on Quebec, where Gen. James Wolfe won a spectacular victory on the Plains of Abraham, September 1759 (though both he and the French commander, the Marquis de Montcalm, were fatally wounded). With the fall of Montreal in September 1760, the French lost their last foothold in Canada. Soon, Spain joined France against England, and for the rest of the war Britain concentrated on seizing French and Spanish territories in other parts of the world.
At the peace conference in 1763, the British received Canada from France and Florida from Spain, but permitted France to keep its West Indian sugar islands and gave Louisiana to Spain. The treaty strengthened the American colonies significantly by removing their European rivals to the north and south and opening the Mississippi Valley to westward expansion.
The Reader’s Companion to Military History. Edited by Robert Cowley and Geoffrey Parker. Copyright © 1996 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Tags
Question:
What year was called 'The Year of Victories'?
Answer:
one thousand, seven hundred and fifty-nine
Passage:
Maxwell Reed
Maxwell Reed (2 April 1919 – 16 August 1974) was a Northern Irish actor   who became a matinee idol in several British films during the 1940s and 1950s.  His early years included work as a merchant seaman and minor stage experience in Ireland and London, before being auditioned by Rank and joining 'The Company of Youth’ at the age of 27. 

Reed moved to the U.S. in the late 1950s and portrayed the title role in the 1950s television series Captain David Grief, which was based on short stories by Jack London.  He also made three films in the U.S. and appeared as a guest star in television series such as Bonanza, Perry Mason and Daniel Boone. 

He was the first husband of actress Joan Collins, whom he allegedly raped,  and married on 24 May 1952. The marriage ended in divorce in 1956. 

He died from cancer, aged 55, in London.

Filmography 

* The Years Between (UK 1946)
* Gaiety George (UK 1946)
* The Brothers (UK 1947)
* Dear Murderer (UK 1947)
* Night Beat (UK 1947)
* Daybreak (UK 1948)
* Daughter of Darkness (UK 1948)
* The Lost People (UK 1949)
* Madness of the Heart (UK 1949)
* Blackout (UK 1950)
* The Clouded Yellow (UK 1950)
* The Dark Man (UK 1951)
* There Is Another Sun (UK 1951)
* Flame of Araby (US 1951)
* Sea Devils (US/UK 1953)
* The Square Ring (UK 1953)
* Capitan Fantasma (Italy 1953)
* Marilyn (UK 1953)
* Before I Wake (UK 1954)
* The Brain Machine (UK 1955)
* Helen of Troy (US/Italy 1956)
* Pirates of Tortuga (US 1961)
* The Notorious Landlady (US 1962)
* Picture Mommy Dead (US 1966)
Question:
Maxwell Reed, born on April 2nd 1919, was a British actor who rose to fame for being the first husband of which famous woman?
Answer:
Joan Henrietta Collins
Passage:
Honeysuckle
Honeysuckles (Lonicera,;  syn. Caprifolium Mill.) are arching shrubs or twining bines in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere. Approximately 180 species of honeysuckle have been identified. About 100 of these species can be found in China and approximately 20 native species have been identified in Europe, 20 in India, and 20 in North America. Widely known species include Lonicera periclymenum (honeysuckle or woodbine), Lonicera japonica (Japanese honeysuckle, white honeysuckle, or Chinese honeysuckle) and Lonicera sempervirens (coral honeysuckle, trumpet honeysuckle, or woodbine honeysuckle).  Hummingbirds are attracted to the flowers on some of these plants, especially L. sempervirens and L. ciliosa (orange honeysuckle). Honeysuckle gets its name  because edible sweet nectar can be sucked  from the flowers. The name Lonicera stems from Adam Lonicer, a Renaissance botanist.

Description

Most species of Lonicera are hardy twining climbers, with a large minority of shrubby habit; a handful of species (including Lonicera hildebrandiana from the Himalayan foothills and L. etrusca from the Mediterranean) are tender and can only be grown outside in subtropical zones. The leaves are opposite, simple oval, 1–10 cm long; most are deciduous but some are evergreen. Many of the species have sweetly scented, bilaterally symmetrical flowers that produce a sweet, edible nectar, and most flowers are borne in clusters of two (leading to the common name of "twinberry" for certain North American species). Both shrubby and vining sorts have strongly fibrous stems which have been used for binding and textiles. The fruit is a red, blue or black spherical or elongated berry containing several seeds; in most species the berries are mildly poisonous, but in a few (notably Lonicera caerulea) they are edible and grown for home use and commerce. Most honeysuckle berries are attractive to wildlife, which has led to species such as L. japonica and L. maackii spreading invasively outside of their home ranges. Many species of Lonicera are eaten by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species — see a list of Lepidoptera that feed on honeysuckles.

Invasive species

Several species of honeysuckle have become invasive when introduced outside their native range, particularly in New Zealand and the United States.  Invasive species include L. japonica, L. maackii, L. morrowii, and L. tatarica.

Cultivation

Honeysuckles are valued as garden plants, for their ability to cover unsightly walls and outbuildings, their profuse tubular flowers in summer, and the intense fragrance of many varieties. The hardy climbing types need their roots in shade, and their flowering tops in sunlight or very light shade. Varieties need to be chosen with care, as they can become substantial. 

The following hybrids have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:
*
*L. similis var. delavayi 
*L. × purpusii 'Winter Beauty' 
*L. × tellmanniana 
Other cultivars are dealt with under their species names.

Selected species

Lonicera acuminata
Lonicera albiflora (white honeysuckle)
Lonicera alpigena (Alpine Honeysuckle)
Lonicera altmannii
Lonicera angustifolia
Lonicera anisocalyx
Lonicera arborea
Lonicera arizonica (Arizona honeysuckle)
Lonicera biflora
Lonicera bournei
Lonicera brevisepala
Lonicera buchananii
Lonicera buddleioides
Lonicera caerulea (blue-berried honeysuckle)
Lonicera calcarata
Lonicera calvescens
Lonicera canadensis (American fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera caprifolium (goat-leaf honeysuckle, perfoliate honeysuckle. Type species)
Lonicera carnosifolis
Lonicera cerviculata
Lonicera chrysantha (Chrysantha honeysuckle)
Lonicera ciliosa (orange honeysuckle)
Lonicera ciliosissima
Lonicera cinerea
Lonicera codonantha
Lonicera confusa
Lonicera conjugialis (purpleflower honeysuckle)
Lonicera crassifolia
Lonicera cyanocarpa
Lonicera dasystyla (Tonkinese honeysuckle)
Lonicera dioica - (limber honeysuckle)
Lonicera elisae
Lonicera etrusca (Etruscan honeysuckle)
Lonicera fargesii
Lonicera ferdinandii
Lonicera ferruginea
Lonicera flava (yellow honeysuckle)
Lonicera fragilis
Lonicera fragrantissima (winter honeysuckle)
Lonicera fulvotomentosa
Lonicera glutinosa
Lonicera graebneri
Lonicera gynochlamydea
Lonicera × heckrottii (Golden Flame honeysuckle)
Lonicera hellenica (Greek honeysuckle)
Lonicera hemsleyana
Lonicera heterophylla
Lonicera hildebrandiana (giant Burmese honeysuckle)
Lonicera hirsuta (hairy honeysuckle)
Lonicera hispida
Lonicera hispidula (pink honeysuckle)
Lonicera humilis
Lonicera hypoglauca
Lonicera hypoleuca
Lonicera implexa
Lonicera inconspicua
Lonicera inodora
Lonicera interrupta (Chaparral honeysuckle)
Lonicera involucrata (bearberry honeysuckle)
Lonicera japonica (Japanese honeysuckle)
Lonicera jilongensis
Lonicera kansuensis
Lonicera kawakamii
Lonicera korolkowii (blueleaf honeysuckle)
Lonicera lanceolata
Lonicera ligustrina
Lonicera litangensis
Lonicera longiflora
Lonicera longituba
Lonicera maackii (Amur honeysuckle)
Lonicera macrantha
Lonicera macranthoides
Lonicera maximowiczii
Lonicera microphylla
Lonicera minuta
Lonicera minutifolia
Lonicera modesta
Lonicera morrowii (Morrow's honeysuckle)
Lonicera mucronata
Lonicera myrtillus
Lonicera nervosa
Lonicera nigra (black-berried honeysuckle)
Lonicera nitida (boxleaf honeysuckle)
Lonicera nubium
Lonicera nummulariifolia
Lonicera oblata
Lonicera oblongifolia (swamp fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera oiwakensis
Lonicera oreodoxa
Lonicera orientalis
Lonicera pampaninii
Lonicera paradoxa
Lonicera periclymenum (honeysuckle, woodbine)
Lonicera pileata (privet honeysuckle)
Lonicera pilosa (Mexican honeysuckle)
Lonicera praeflorens
Lonicera prostrata
Lonicera pyrenaica
Lonicera reticulata (grape honeysuckle)
Lonicera retusa
Lonicera rhytidophylla
Lonicera rupicola
Lonicera ruprechtiana (Manchurian honeysuckle)
Lonicera saccata
Lonicera schneideriana
Lonicera semenovii
Lonicera sempervirens (trumpet honeysuckle)
Lonicera serreana
Lonicera setifera
Lonicera similis
Lonicera spinosa
Lonicera splendida (evergreen honeysuckle)
Lonicera standishii (Standish's honeysuckle)
Lonicera stephanocarpa
Lonicera subaequalis
Lonicera subhispida
Lonicera sublabiata
Lonicera subspicata (southern honeysuckle)
Lonicera szechuanica
Lonicera taipeiensis
Lonicera tangutica
Lonicera tatarica (Tatarian honeysuckle)
Lonicera tatarinowii
Lonicera tomentella
Lonicera tragophylla
Lonicera tricalysioides
Lonicera trichogyne
Lonicera trichosantha
Lonicera trichosepala
Lonicera tubuliflora
Lonicera utahensis (Utah honeysuckle)
Lonicera villosa (mountain fly honeysuckle)
Lonicera virgultorum
Lonicera webbiana
Lonicera xylosteum (fly woodbine)
Lonicera yunnanensis

Formerly placed here

*Burchellia bubalina (L.f.) Sims (as L. bubalina L.f.)
*Chiococca alba (L.) Hitchc. (as L. alba L.)
*Spigelia marilandica (L.) L. (as L. marilandica L.)
*Symphoricarpos orbiculatus Moench (as L. symphoricarpos L.)
*Viburnum mongolicum (Pall.) Rehder (as L. mongolica Pall.)
Question:
Which garden plant or shrub belongs to the genus Lonicera?
Answer:
Wild Honeysuckies
Passage:
I've Had Eighteen Straight Whiskies, I Think That's The ...
I've Had Eighteen Straight Whiskies, I Think That's The Record.
I've Had Eighteen Straight Whiskies, I Think That's The Record.
"I've had eighteen straight whiskies, I think that's the record."
--Dylan Thomas, poet, 1914-1953
I suppose that I shouldn't be surprised that they've managed to produce an even worse keyboard than any that they previously had on the market....
Copyright © 1999-2017 Ahmad Anvari. All Rights Reserved.
Question:
"Whose last words were, ""I've had eighteen straight whiskies. I think that's the record.""?"
Answer:
Dillon Thomas
Passage:
The Browning Version (1951 film)
The Browning Version is a 1951 British film based on the 1948 play of the same name by Terence Rattigan. It was directed by Anthony Asquith and starred Michael Redgrave.

Plot

Andrew Crocker-Harris is an aging Classics master at an English public school, and is forced into retirement by his increasing ill health. The film, in common with the original stage play, follows the schoolmaster's final few days in his post, as he comes to terms with his sense of failure as a teacher, a sense of weakness exacerbated by his wife's infidelity and the realization that he is despised by both pupils and staff of the school.

The emotional turning-point for the cold Crocker-Harris is his pupil Taplow's unexpected parting gift, Robert Browning's translation of the Agamemnon, which he has inscribed with the Greek phrase that translates as "God from afar looks graciously upon a gentle master."

Differences between play and film

Rattigan extends the screenplay far from his own one-act play, which ends on Crocker-Harris's tearful reaction to Taplow's gift. Therefore, the play ends well before Crocker-Harris's farewell speech to the school; the film shows the speech, in which he discards his notes and admits his failings, to be received with warm applause and cheers by the boys. The film ends with a conversation between Crocker-Harris and Taplow, and the suggestion that Crocker-Harris will complete his translation of the Agamemnon.

Cast

* Michael Redgrave as the embittered Andrew Crocker-Harris
* Jean Kent as his wife Millie
* Nigel Patrick as her lover Frank Hunter, Andrew's fellow schoolmaster who eventually rejects Millie for her cruelty towards her husband
* Ronald Howard as Gilbert, Crocker-Harris's successor
* Wilfrid Hyde-White as the Headmaster
* Brian Smith as Taplow
* Bill Travers as Fletcher
* Judith Furse as Mrs. Williamson
* Peter Jones as Carstairs
* Sarah Lawson as Betty Carstairs
* Scott Harold as Rev. Williamson
* Paul Medland as Wilson
* Ivan Samson as Lord Baxter
* Josephine Middleton as Mrs. Frobisher

Production

Rattigan and Asquith encountered a lack of enthusiasm from producers to turn the play into a film until they met Earl St John at Rank.

"I started out as manager of a small out-of-town cinema, and I viewed films from the out-of-London angle," said St John. "This experience made me realise that the ordinary people in the remotest places in the country were entitled to see the works of the best modern British playwrights." 

Margaret Lockwood was originally meant to play the role of Millie. 

The film was shot at Pinewood Studios. The school exteriors were filmed on location at the Sherborne School in Sherborne, Dorset.

The Greek text that appears on the blackboard in Crocker-Harris's classroom is from [http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?docPerseus:text:1999.01.0003:line
403 the Agamemnon]. Apparently a description of Menelaus's despair after his abandonment by Helen, the lines were [http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/cgi-bin/ptext?docPerseus:text:1999.01.0224:line
403 translated] by Robert Browning thus:

"And, through desire of one across the main,A ghost will seem within the house to reign.And hateful to the husband is the graceOf well-shaped statues: from—in place of eyesThose blanks—all Aphrodite dies."

Awards

;Won
* Cannes Film Festival 
** Best Actor (Michael Redgrave)
** Best Screenplay
* Berlin International Film Festival 
** Bronze Berlin Bear (Drama)
** Small Bronze Plate

;Nominated
* Cannes Film Festival - Palme d'Or
Question:
Who wrote the plays The Browning Version and Separate Tables?
Answer:
Terence Ratigan
Passage:
Flag of Haiti
The flag of Haiti is a bicolour flag featuring two horizontal bands coloured blue and red, defaced by a white panel bearing the coat of arms.

The coat of arms depicts a trophy of weapons ready to defend freedom and a royal palm for independence. The palm is topped by the Cap of Liberty.

The motto is on a white scroll reading L'Union Fait La Force ("Unity Makes Strength.")

Present design

The present design was first used by the Republic of Haiti under President Alexandre Pétion in 1806.  It was readopted by Article 3 of the current Constitution of Haiti on February 25, 2012, and made square as part of its readoption.

In its semi-official English translation, Article 3 reads: 
The emblem of the Haitian Nation shall be a flag with the following description:
a. Two (2) equal sized horizontal bands: a blue one on top and a red one underneath;
b. The coat of arms of the Republic are: a Palmette  surmounted by the liberty cap, and under the palms a trophy with the legend: In Union there is Strength.

Omitted from the English translation is section b of the French original: Au centre, sur un carré d'étoffe blanche, sont disposées les Armes de la République ("In the center, on a square of white cloth, are placed the Coat of Arms of the Republic.")

The civil flag and ensign lacks the coat of arms. 

History

The first purely Haitian flag was adopted on May 18, 1803, on the last day of the Congress of Arcahaie, about fifty miles north of Port-au-Prince. Haitian lore holds that the newly appointed revolutionary leader Jean-Jacques Dessalines created the flag by taking a French tricolor and ripping out the white center, which he discarded. He then asked Catherine Flon, his god-daughter,  to sew the remaining bands together. The white pale removed, the blue was taken to represent Haiti's black citizens and the red the gens de couleur. The story is widely known in Haiti: the anniversary of the date is celebrated as the Haitian Flag Day and images of Catherine Flon have appeared on Haitian currency and stamps. 

Following his proclamation as Emperor Jacques I, Dessalines promulgated a new constitution on May 20, 1805. In it, the colors of the flag were altered to black and red.  This flag being subsequently adopted by Henri Christophe, the republicans under Alexandre Pétion returned to the colors blue and red, subsequently turning them horizontal and adding the newly adopted Haitian coat of arms.

During the period of the Haitian Empire of Faustin I, his coat of arms was used on the flag and for official functions, but it was subsequently abandoned upon his removal from office.

Between 1964 and 1986, the family dictatorships of François "Papa Doc" and Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier returned to Dessalines' black and red design. They included the national coat of arms, but altered the flags in its trophy to black as well.

Because the coat of arms is only used for national and military flags, whereas the civil flag consists solely of the two unaugmented horizontal bands, it was discovered at the 1936 Berlin Summer Olympics that Haiti and Liechtenstein were using the same flag. This led to the addition of a crown to the design of the flag of Liechtenstein. 

File:Flag of Haiti 1803.svg|Flag of the Revolution (1803) with the white band removed from the French flag inscribed with the words meaning, Liberty or Death.
File:Flag of Haiti 1964 (civil).svg|Flag of the Empire of Haiti (1804–1806)
File:Flag of Haiti 1806.svg|Flag of the State of Haiti (1806-1811)
File:Kingdom of Haiti flag (1811-1820).JPG|Flag of the Kingdom of Haiti (1811–1820)
File:Flag of Haiti (1849-1859).png|Flag of the Empire of Haiti (1849–1859)
File:Flag of Haiti (1964-1986).svg|Flag of Haiti used by Duvalier (1964–1986)
During his leadership of the Haitian Revolution, Toussaint Louverture usually portrayed himself as a legitimate agent of a French administration. As such, his forces typically flew the Revolutionary French Tricolore — vertical bands of blue, white, and red.
Question:
The flag of Haiti consists of which two colours?
Answer:
BLUE AND RED
Passage:
Take Your Pick!
Take Your Pick! was a United Kingdom game show originally broadcast by Radio Luxembourg in the early 1950s. The show transferred to television in 1955 with the launch of ITV, where it continued until 1968. As it was the first game show broadcast on commercial television in the UK (and the BBC did not at that point offer monetary prizes on its game shows), it was also by default the first British game show to offer cash prizes.The programme was later revived from 24 February 1992 to 28 August 1998.

History

The first television version was produced by Associated-Rediffusion (later Rediffusion London), while the revival was made by Thames Television (whose arrival as the new London weekday ITV company had led to the original show's demise).

If they got through the "Yes-No Interlude" (in which they had to answer a series of questions without using the words "yes" or "no" or be gonged off the stage), contestants would answer questions to win modest monetary prizes and at the climax of the show had to decide whether to "take the money" or "open the box". The box could contain good prizes (for the time), such as a holiday or a washing machine, but could also contain booby prizes such as a mousetrap or a bag of sweets.

The first version was hosted by Michael Miles (after its demise, Miles hosted a similar show for Southern Television called Wheel of Fortune, not to be confused with the later Wheel of Fortune of the same title). Bob Danvers-Walker, the voice of Pathé News from 1940 until its demise in 1970, was the show's announcer, and Alec Dane was on hand to bang the gong. At the electronic organ was Harold Smart.

Des O'Connor became the host for the second version in the 1990s. His future wife Jodie Wilson was one of the hostesses; she would later be replaced by Neighbours twins Gayle and Gillian Blakeney.

It was revived again for one night only as part of Ant & Dec's Gameshow Marathon in 2005, a series of the Geordie duo presenting classic ITV gameshows as part of the channel's 50th anniversary in their own style.

A similar formula was used for Pot of Gold, another game show, hosted by O'Connor.

The Des O'Connor series is currently being repeated on Challenge.

The game was played during the ninth series of Britain's Got More Talent.

Yes/No interlude

In this opening game, the host asked the contestant a series of questions for 60 seconds and the contestant could not say yes, no, nod or shake their heads. If they did, the co-host would bang the gong and the contestant would be eliminated (unless other contestants did the same).

Box numbers and the prizes

There were 10 boxes numbered from 1 to 10 and an additional Box 13. Of the former, there were 3 boxes containing booby prizes, 1 containing a star prize (e.g. a small car) and 6 containing other prizes (of which 1 was a "treasure chest" of cash). One box also included the option to choose Box 13. The host offered an alternative prize of up to about £50 (or, in the revival, a number of hundreds of pounds) in cash and the contestant had to choose between "taking the money" and "opening the box".

In this game, the contestant might answer 3 out of 4 questions correctly before the contestant picks the boxes from 1 to 10 and activating box 13 within the 10 boxes like cinema tickets, baby food,cowboy hats or pork pies which relates to a prize, but also with larger prizes containing such as television sets, video players, cash, karaoke machines, double beds, music vouchers & sofas and booby prizes containing nose hair trimmers, last night's cold food, a box of chocolates, breakfast cereals, rotten tomatoes, cat food and dog food and the star prizes containing kitchen appliances, cars, motorbikes, jet skis, hotels, computers and holidays.

Cultural references

A sketch in Monty Python's Flying Circus (called "Spot the Brain Cell" in a later audio version) has John Cleese  playing an "evil" game show host, hitting contestants over the head with a giant hammer, which is clearly a wildly exaggerated version of Michael Miles (the game he is hosting is a parody of the "Yes-No Interlude" from Take Your Pick!). An early version of this sketch appeared in At Last the 1948 Show. For a time after Miles' death the sketch was not shown by the BBC, but it has since been reinstated.

Also, in the Hungarian Tourist sketch in Monty Python's Flying Circus, a prosecutor (played by Eric Idle) plays the game with Alexander Yalt (played by Michael Palin). The prosecutor manages to gong Yalt "out" for answering a question with "yes" (although, Yalt was probably unaware of playing the game in the first place).

A sketch in the BBC Radio comedy series The Burkiss Way featured a "Dinosaur-Cheese Interlude", in which contestants were required to answer questions without mentioning any species of dinosaur or any variety of cheese (besides Edam, which was "made" backwards). Naturally, all the contestants did accidentally mention them.

A fifth season episode of the radio show Hancock's Half Hour (broadcast May 1958) had Tony Hancock appear on the (unnamed) show and win £4,000.

The British progressive rock band Hatfield and the North named one of their songs "The Yes No Interlude". It is included in their second LP, The Rotters' Club.

The 1970s radio programme I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again made frequent references to Take Your Pick with phrases such as "Stake the bunny!" "Open the box!"

Transmissions

Associated-Rediffusion

Only 6 out of the 494 episodes from the Associated-Rediffusion era survived from the archives including Episode 2 of Series 1, Episode 39 of Series 10, Episodes 1-2 of Series 12 and Episodes 18 & 44 of Series 13. 

Thames
Question:
Which New Zealander presented Take Your Pick on radio and TV
Answer:
Michael Miles
Passage:
Decapitation of a statue of Margaret Thatcher
On 3 July 2002, Paul Kelleher decapitated a £150,000, 8 ft, , marble statue of the former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on display at Guildhall Art Gallery in central London. 

Having unsuccessfully taken a swing at the statue with a Slazenger V600 cricket bat concealed in his trousers, Kelleher used a metal rope support stanchion to decapitate the statue.    After the beheading, he waited to be arrested by the police who arrived minutes later. He said on capture, "I think it looks better like that."

The statue had been commissioned in 1998 from the sculptor Neil Simmons by the Speaker's Advisory Committee on Works of Art;  paid for by an anonymous donor, it was intended for a plinth among statues of former Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom in the Members' Lobby of the House. However, the House did not permit a statue to be erected there during its subject's lifetime, so the work was temporarily housed in Guildhall Art Gallery.  It was unveiled there by Thatcher in May 1998.  Following the loss of its head, the statue was removed from display. Although it was estimated that the work could be repaired for £10,000, statue experts worried that it would never be the same.

At Kelleher's first trial, he said in his defence that the attack involved his "artistic expression and my right to interact with this broken world". The jury, despite nearly four hours of deliberation and a direction from the judge that it could decide by majority, failed to agree on whether or not he had "lawful excuse". He was retried in January 2003, found guilty of criminal damage and sentenced to three months in jail.

On 21 February 2007, a new statue of Thatcher, commissioned in 2003 from sculptor Antony Dufort and this time in tougher silicon bronze, was erected on the reserved plinth in the Members' Lobby.  

The rule against living subjects had been relaxed by this stage and Thatcher unveiled the statue.  By then, the marble statue had been repaired, but it remains in Guildhall Art Gallery.
Question:
In 2002 Paul Kelleher attempted to decapitate a marble statue of Margaret Thatcher using what 'weapon', he failed, but succeeded using a metal rope support stanchion?
Answer:
Mongoose bat
Passage:
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
The Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama was first awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association as a separate category in 1951. Previously, there was a single award for "Best Actress in a Motion Picture" but the splitting allowed for recognition of it and the Best Actress – Comedy or Musical.

The formal title has varied since its inception. In 2005, it was officially called: "Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama". As of 2013, the wording is "Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama".

Notes:
* "†" indicates an Academy Award-winning performance.
* "‡" indicates an Academy Award-nomination.
* "§" indicates a Golden Globe Award-winning performance that was not nominated for an Academy Award.

Winners and nominees 

1940s

1950s

1960s

1970s

1980s

1990s

2000s

2010s

Multiple nominees

2 nominations
* Annette Bening
* Halle Berry
* Sandra Bullock
* Leslie Caron
* Julie Christie
* Jill Clayburgh
* Glenn Close
* Bette Davis
* Olivia de Havilland
* Scarlett Johansson
* Angelina Jolie
* Deborah Kerr
* Anna Magnani
* Rooney Mara
* Marsha Mason
* Melina Mercouri
* Sarah Miles
* Lee Remick
* Rosalind Russell
* Kristin Scott Thomas
* Simone Signoret
* Maggie Smith
* Sharon Stone
* Barbra Streisand
* Hilary Swank
* Tilda Swinton
* Charlize Theron
* Uma Thurman
* Emily Watson
* Shelley Winters
* Jane Wyman

3 nominations
* Helen Mirren
* Julianne Moore
* Vanessa Redgrave
* Gena Rowlands
* Jean Simmons
* Sigourney Weaver
* Debra Winger
* Natalie Wood

4 nominations
* Ellen Burstyn
* Judi Dench
* Sally Field
* Audrey Hepburn
* Diane Keaton
* Shirley MacLaine
* Michelle Pfeiffer
* Sissy Spacek
* Elizabeth Taylor
* Emma Thompson
* Liv Ullmann
* Kate Winslet

5 nominations
* Anne Bancroft
* Ingrid Bergman
* Cate Blanchett
* Jane Fonda
* Jodie Foster
* Glenda Jackson
* Nicole Kidman
* Jessica Lange
* Susan Sarandon
* Joanne Woodward

6 nominations
* Faye Dunaway
* Katharine Hepburn
* Geraldine Page

13 nominations
* Meryl Streep

Multiple winners 

3 wins
* Ingrid Bergman
* Jane Fonda
* Meryl Streep
2 wins
* Cate Blanchett
* Sally Field
* Jodie Foster
* Shirley MacLaine
* Geraldine Page (consecutive)
* Rosalind Russell (consecutive)
* Hilary Swank
* Joanne Woodward
* Jane Wyman
Question:
Who won the 1995 Best Actress Oscar for her part in ‘Dead Man Walking’?
Answer:
Susan Abigail Sarandon
Passage:
Facts About Pangaea, Ancient Supercontinent - Live Science
Facts About Pangaea
The breakup of the Pangaea supercontinent.
Credit: U.S. Geological Survey
About 300 million years ago, Earth didn't have seven continents, but instead one massive supercontinent called Pangaea, which was surrounded by a single ocean called Panthalassa.
The explanation for Pangaea's formation ushered in the modern theory of plate tectonics , which posits that the Earth's outer shell is broken up into several plates that slide over Earth's rocky shell, the mantle.
Over the course of the planet's 3.5 billion-year history, several super continents have formed and broken up, a result of churning and circulation in the Earth's mantle , which makes up most of planet's volume. This breakup and formation of supercontinents has dramatically altered the planet's history.
"This is what's driven the entire evolution of the planet through time. This is the major backbeat of the planet," said Brendan Murphy, a geology professor at the St. Francis Xavier University, in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
History
More than a century ago, the scientist Alfred Wegener proposed the notion of an ancient supercontinent, which he named Pangaea (sometimes spelled Pangea), after putting together several lines of evidence.
The first and most obvious was that the "continents fit together like a tongue and groove," something that was quite noticeable on any accurate map, Murphy said. Another telltale hint that Earth's continents were all one land mass comes from the geologic record. Coal deposits found in Pennsylvania have a similar composition to those spanning across Poland, Great Britain and Germany from the same time period. That indicates that North America and Europe must have once been a single landmass. And the orientation of magnetic minerals in geologic sediments reveals how Earth's magnetic poles migrated over geologic time, Murphy said.
In the fossil record, identical plants, such as the extinct seed fern Glossopteris, are found on now widely disparate continents. And mountain chains that now lie on different continents, such as the Appalachians in the United States and the Atlas Mountains in Morocco, were all part of the Central Pangaea Mountains, formed through the collision of the supercontinents Gondwana and Laurussia.
Pangaea formed through a gradual process spanning a few hundred million years. Beginning about 480 million years ago, a continent called Laurentia, which includes parts of North America, merged with several other micro-continents to form Euramerica. Euramerica eventually collided with Gondwana, another supercontinent that included Africa, Australia, South America and the Indian subcontinent.
About 200 million years ago, the supercontinent began to break up. Gondwana (what is now Africa, South America, Antarctica, India and Australia) first split from Laurasia (Eurasia and North America). Then about 150 million years ago, Gondwana broke up. India peeled off from Antarctica, and Africa and South America rifted, according to a 1970 article in the Journal of Geophysical Research . Around 60 million years ago, North America split off from Eurasia.           
Life and climate
Having one massive landmass would have made for very different climactic cycles. For instance, the interior of the continent may have utterly dry, as it was locked behind massive mountain chains that blocked all moisture or rainfall, Murphy said.
But the coal deposits found in the United States and Europe reveal that parts of the ancient supercontinent near the equator must have been a lush, tropical rainforest, similar to the Amazonian jungle, Murphy said. (Coal forms when dead plants and animals sink into swampy water, where pressure and water transform the material into peat, then coal.)
"The coal deposits are essentially telling us that there was plentiful life on land," Murphy told Live Science.
Pangaea existed for 100 million years, and during that time period several animals flourished, including the Traversodontidae , a family of plant-eating animals that includes the ancestors of mammals.
During the Permian period , insects such as beetles and dragonflies flourished. But the existence of Pangaea overlapped with the worst mass extinction in history, the Permian-Triassic (P-TR) extinction event. Also called the Great Dying, it occurred around 252 million years ago and caused most species on Earth to go extinct. The early Triassic period saw the rise of archosaurs, a group of animals that eventually gave rise to crocodiles and birds, and a plethora of reptiles. And about 230 million years ago some of the earliest dinosaurs emerged on Pangaea, including theropods, largely carnivorous dinosaurs that mostly had air-filled bones and feathers similar to birds.
Cycle in history
The current configuration of continents is unlikely to be the last. Supercontinents have formed several times in Earth's history, only to be split off into new continents. Right now for instance, Australia is inching toward Asia, and the eastern portion of Africa is slowly peeling off from the rest of the continent.
Geologists have noticed that there is a quasi-regular cycle in which supercontinents form and break up every 300 to 400 million years, but exactly why is a mystery, Murphy said. But most scientists believe that the supercontinent cycle is largely driven by circulation dynamics in the mantle, according to a 2010 article in the Journal of Geodynamics .
Beyond that, the details get fuzzy. While the heat formed in the mantle likely comes from the radioactive decay of unstable elements, such as uranium, scientists don't agree on whether there are mini-pockets of heat flow within the mantle, or if the entire shell is one big heat conveyor belt, Murphy said.
Follow Tia Ghose on Twitter  and Google+ . Follow LiveScience @livescience , Facebook & Google+ .
Additional resources
Question:
Many scientists believe the continents once formed a super continent, called what?
Answer:
Pangaea
Passage:
The Hotel Inspector
The Hotel Inspector is an observational documentary television series which is broadcast on the British terrestrial television station, Channel 5, and by other networks around the world.

Since 2008, each episode sees celebrated hotelier and businesswoman Alex Polizzi visit a struggling British hotel and try to turn its fortunes by giving advice and suggestions to the owner. Between 2005 and 2008, Ruth Watson was featured in this role.

Summary

The series began in late September 2005 and was an instant ratings hit; the show attracted 2.5 million viewers at its peak and this prompted Channel 5 to commission another series. The second series was broadcast in July 2006, followed by a third series in September 2007. The show won a Royal Television Society Award in November 2006.

Accompanied with the third series, an additional complementary series, The Hotel Inspector: Unseen ran on Fiver (now 5*), one of Channel 5's digital channels, immediately after the main show. It showed unseen footage, including video diaries shot by the hoteliers, revealing their reactions to the inspector's opinions.

After three series of The Hotel Inspector, Ruth Watson left a message on her website stating that she would not be filming another series, despite being one of the channel's most watched shows. Watson subsequently signed an exclusive contract with Channel 4 and fronted shows such as Country House Rescue and Ruth Watson's Hotel Rescue (which is similar in format to The Hotel Inspector). 

Hotelier and businesswoman Alex Polizzi, the niece of Sir Rocco Forte, took over as The Hotel Inspector for the show's fourth series, and has remained in this role since. Polizzi has also hosted five other series: the first in which she inspects and improves failing family businesses (BBC Two's The Fixer), a second and third in which she explores her ancestral Italy (Secret Italy and Italian Islands), a four in which she auditions head chefs for various hotels and restaurants (Chefs on Trial), and a fifth in which she finds employment for military veterans (Help Our Heroes).

The twelfth series of the show began being broadcast in June 2016. One of the hotels that will feature in this series will be the Edwardian Hotel in Blackpool.  The role of a separate narrator was dropped with the commencement of this series, with Polizzi herself providing the narrative, in both voiceover and in-vision (in segments filmed separately, in which she talks directly to the viewer). The titles and on-screen graphics were also revised, with a notable new feature being the presence of a computer-generated Smartphone graphic providing excerpts of a hotel's online reviews, taken directly from websites such as TripAdvisor, in order to establish possible reasons for a hotel's apparent unpopularity.

Episodes

Spin-offs

The format of the The Hotel Inspector has since been used twice for other series for Channel 5, both of which recreate the concept of an expert visiting and suggesting improvements for failing commercial ventures. In March 2010, The Business Inspector was broadcast, starring Hilary Devey, who advised struggling small businesses on how to become successful. In June 2011, The Restaurant Inspector was broadcast, starring Fernando Peire, who advised struggling restaurants on how to achieve higher profits, with a second series which broadcast in 2012.
Question:
What is the name of the Hotel Inspector in the Channel 5 TV series
Answer:
Alexandra Polizzi
Passage:
Walney Bridge
Walney Bridge (officially Jubilee Bridge) is a bascule bridge in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England. Completed in 1908, it connects the  Barrow Island ward on the British mainland to Walney Island spanning Walney Channel. The bridge carries the A590 trunk road, which has its western terminus on Walney.

History

Talks began in 1897 to how feasible the construction of a bridge connecting Barrow to Walney would be. At the time, Walney residents where frustrated by the fact that they had to use a ferry to traverse the Walney Channel, and they also saw it as an opportunity to commemorate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria. When the bridge was finally approved many companies fought for the building contract, with Sir William Arrol & Co winning it. Construction of the £175,000 (in that time) bridge began in mid-1905 and was finally opened by Barrow mayor Mrs. T.F. Taylor on 30 July 1908. For 27 years Walney bridge was a toll bridge until 4 April 1935, when the late Queen Mother officially renamed it Jubilee Bridge to mark the silver jubilee of King George V of the United Kingdom, as recorded on a plaque on the bridge, and handed it to the townspeople. During World War II, the bascule bridge was lifted every night to ensure that anyone who made landfall on Walney were unable to reach Barrow by crossing the bridge and reaching its shipbuilding facilities.  The bridge is now over 100 years old, and in 2008 Cumbria County Council spent £1 million on renovating the bridge and repainting it for its centenary celebration.  The bridge is not to be confused with Abbey Road's Jubilee Bridge, which is also in Barrow and is a Grade II listed structure. 

The Blue Bridge

Walney Jubilee bridge was often nicknamed by local residents the blue bridge in relation to its colour and to distinguish it from the other bridge situated on Barrow. These nicknames, however, were ended when in 2008 the bridge was painted gold and black.

Centenary celebrations

The bridge recently celebrated its 100th anniversary with significant renovation and a night of fireworks.

In fiction

The bridge was the link to the fictional island of Sodor, home of Thomas the Tank Engine et al. in The Railway Series books by the Reverend W. Awdry
Question:
Which island, cormected to the mainland by the Jubilee Bridge, is the largest of the Furness Islands in the Irish Sea?
Answer:
Walney
Passage:
Remington Rand
Remington Rand (1927–1955) was an early American business machines manufacturer, best known originally as a typewriter manufacturer and in a later incarnation as the manufacturer of the UNIVAC line of mainframe computer.  Remington Rand was a diversified conglomerate making other office equipment, electric shavers, etc. The Remington Rand Building at 315 Park Avenue South in New York City is a 20-floor skyscraper completed in 1911. 

History

Remington Rand was formed in 1927 via the merger of the Remington Typewriter Company and Rand Kardex Corporation.  One of its earliest factories, the former Herschell–Spillman Motor Company Complex, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.    Within the first year Remington Rand acquired the Dalton Adding Machine Company, the Powers Accounting Machine Company, the Baker-Vawter Company and the Kalamazoo Loose-Leaf Binder Company. 

From 1942 to 1945, Remington Rand was one manufacturer of the M1911A1 .45 caliber semi-automatic pistol used by the United States Armed Forces during World War II. Remington Rand produced more M1911A1 pistols than any other wartime manufacturer.  Remington Rand ranked 66th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts. 

In 1950, Remington Rand acquired the Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation, founded by the makers of the ENIAC, and in 1952, they acquired Engineering Research Associates (ERA), both of which were pioneers in electronic computing. At that time, Remington Rand had become one of the biggest computer companies in the United States. 

Remington Rand was acquired by Sperry Corporation in 1955 to form a company then known as Sperry Rand (later shortened to Sperry). However the brand name of "Remington Rand" remained as a subdivision for many years. Sperry merged in 1986 with Burroughs to form Unisys.

Products

Typewriters

Initially produced by E. Remington and Sons, the Remington Typewriters were the first to use the QWERTY keyboard layout. Remington had bought the design from Christopher Sholes. The Remington No.1 was the first model released. All keys were uppercase. Remington spun off Remington Typewriter Company in 1886, and after the 1927 merger, the Remington Rand Corp. continued to manufacture and sell typewriters. 

The UNIVAC

The UNIVAC I (UNIVersal Automatic Computer I) was the second commercial computer made in the United States. 
It was designed principally by J. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly, the inventors of the ENIAC. Design work was begun by their company, Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation, and was completed after the company had been acquired by Remington Rand. (In the years before successor models of the UNIVAC I appeared, the machine was simply known as "the UNIVAC".)

The first UNIVAC was delivered to the United States Census Bureau on March 31, 1951, and was dedicated on June 14 that year.  The fifth machine (built for the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission) was used by CBS to predict the result of the 1952 U.S. presidential election. With a sample of 1% of the voting population it predicted Eisenhower's win.

In 1949, Remington Rand designed the Remington Rand 409, a control panel programmed punched card calculator (but not introduced as a product until 1952 as the UNIVAC 60 then in 1953 as the UNIVAC 120 with double the memory).

Other products

Remington Rand also made electric razors. The Remington brand of razor was originally produced by a division of Remington Rand, starting in 1937. Sperry Corporation sold the division in 1979 to Victor Kiam, who became the company spokesman of the new Remington Products Company. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf22bddvLnc His line], "I liked the shaver so much, I bought the company" became one of the more memorable advertising slogans of the early 1980s. Another slogan, "Shaves as close as a blade or your money back. " helped Remington electric Shavers to be sold at the largest possible range. Remington Products was sold in 2003 to the battery manufacturer Rayovac. Rayovac is now Spectrum Brands.

During World War II, Remington Rand was the largest producer of the .45 ACP M1911A1 semi-automatic pistol at 900,000 produced.

They also sold punch card systems in the 1950s.

Depiction in popular culture

The Remington Rand Co. and the Remington Rand Building are depicted as the Knox Co. and the Knox Building in Richard Yates' 1961 novel Revolutionary Road.

In 1921 Rand Kardex sponsored the Tonawanda Kardex all-star team of football players from Tonawanda, New York; known to have formed in 1916 and coached for its entire existence by Tam Rose. The team joined the NFL that season but folded after playing in just one game as a league member. 

The 1980s television series Remington Steele had Laura Holt (Stephanie Zimbalist) draw the personal name for her detective agency's fictitious male chief-executive official (whose identity Pierce Brosnan's character assumed in the very first installment after discovering her elaborate ruse) from her old Remington typewriter. (The family name for the fictitious boss came from the Pittsburgh Steelers American-rules pro gridiron football team.)
Question:
What product uses the advertising slogan "I liked it so much, I bought the company!"?
Answer:
Remington electric shaver
Passage:
Protractor
A protractor is a measuring instrument, typically made of transparent plastic or glass, for measuring angles. Most protractors measure angles in
degrees (°). Radian-scale protractors measure angles in radians. Most protractors are divided into 180 equal parts.

They are used for a variety of mechanical and engineering-related applications, but perhaps the most common use is in geometry lessons in schools.

Some protractors are simple half-discs.  More advanced protractors, such as the bevel protractor, have one or two swinging arms, which can be used to help measure the angle.

Two Sided Protractor 

Protractors have traditionally been one-sided. This is thought to be because early manufacturing methods set the tone of future production. Unfortunately, the two number scales on a one-sided protractor often confuse learners when first learning to measure and draw angles.

However, in 2009, Jake Adamson, a maths teacher working at Musselburgh Grammar School invented and patented the first two sided protractor trademarked "The Angler". This was a double sided protractor with one scale on each side, avoiding the confusion of having two scales together and enabling easier measuring and drawing of angles. "The Angler" protractor has been widely adopted by schools in the UK.

Bevel protractor

A bevel protractor is a graduated circular protractor with one pivoted arm used for measuring or marking off angles. Sometimes Vernier scales are attached to give more precise readings. It has wide application in architectural and mechanical drawing, although its use is decreasing with the availability of modern drawing software or CAD.

Universal bevel protractors are also used by toolmakers, as they measure angles by mechanical contact they are classed as mechanical protractors.  

The bevel protractor is used to establish and test angles to very close tolerances. It reads to 5 minutes or 1/12° and can measure any angle from 0° to 360°.
  
The bevel protractor consists of a beam, a graduated dial and a blade which is connected to a swivel plate (with Vernier scale) by thumb nut and clamp. When the edges of the beam and blade are parallel, a small mark on the swivel plate coincides with the zero line on the graduated dial. To measure an angle between the beam and the blade of 90° or less, the reading may be obtained direct from the graduation number on the dial indicated by the mark on the swivel plate. To measure an angle of over 90°, subtract the number of degrees as indicated on the dial from 180°, as the dial is graduated from opposite zero marks to 90° each way.
  
Since the spaces, both on the main scale and the Vernier scale, are numbered both to the right and to the left from zero, any angle can be measured. The readings can be taken either to the right or to the left, according to the direction in which the zero on the main scale is moved.

The above picture illustrates a variety of uses of the bevel protractor.
 
Reading the Vernier scale:

The bevel protractor Vernier scale may have graduations of 5′ (minutes) or 1/12°. Each space on the Vernier scale is 5′ less than two spaces on the main scale. Twenty four spaces on the Vernier scale equal in extreme length twenty three double degrees. Thus the difference between the space occupied by 2° on a main scale and the space of the Vernier scale is equal to one twenty-fourth of 2°, or 5′.

Read off directly from the main scale the number of whole degrees between 0 on this scale and the 0 of the Vernier scale. Then count, in the same direction, the number of spaces from the zero on the Vernier scale to a line that coincides with a line on the main scale; multiply this number by 5 and the product will be the number of minutes to be added to the whole number of degrees.
 
For example: Zero on the vernier scale has moved 28 whole degrees to the right of the 0 on the main scale and the 3rd line on the vernier scale coincides with a line upon the main scale as  indicated. Multiplying 3 by 5, the product, 15, is the number of minutes to be added to the whole number of degrees, thus indicating a setting of 28 degrees and 15 minutes.

Gallery

Image:Protractor2.jpg|A half circle protractor marked in degrees (180°).
Image:Protractor1.svg|A 360° protractor marked in degrees.
Image:Protractor.svg|Another 360° protractor marked in degrees.
Image:Grad protractor.png|A 400 gon protractor marked in gradians.
Image:Navigational rules types.JPG|A "Cras Navigation Plotter" double-protractor, in foreground.
Image:Protractor_Rapporteur_Degrees_V3.jpg|A half circle protractor marked in degrees (180°).
Image:Set square Geodreieck.svg|A set square with integrated protractor (180°).
Question:
A semi-circular protractor used in basic geometry has a scale of how many degrees?
Answer:
one hundred and eighty
Passage:
Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families
The Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families was a Cabinet minister post in the United Kingdom. The post was created on 28 June 2007 after the disbanding of the Department for Education and Skills by Gordon Brown.   The only Secretary of State with this title was Ed Balls, a former treasury aide to Brown.  He was head of the Department for Children, Schools and Families responsible for coordinating work across Government relevant to youth justice, the respect agenda and family policy, while also taking over responsibility for education policy up to the age of 19 in England from the Department for Education and Skills, with the Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills being responsible for education after that age.  Other responsibilities included inputs into the Government's strategy for ending child poverty, with the Department for Work and Pensions and into promoting the health of all children by working with the Department of Culture, Media and Sport.

On May 12, 2010, the Department was again renamed and Michael Gove was appointed Secretary of State for Education.

Colour key (for political parties):
Question:
Who is the Secretary of State for Children Schools and Families?
Answer:
Ed Balls MP
Passage:
Mojang
Mojang AB ( "gadget") is a Swedish video game developer founded in May 2009 under the name Mojang Specifications by game programmer Markus Persson, best known for creating the popular independent game Minecraft, a sandbox game. Mojang's company headquarters is in Stockholm.  Microsoft acquired Mojang in 2014 at valuation of $2.5 billion. 

 History 

Independent era (2009-2014)

Following a paid trip and employment offer from Valve Corporation in early September 2010, Markus Persson founded Mojang alongside his best friend Jakob Porsér, with Carl Manneh later brought in as a CEO, as Persson desired to run a self-made independent studio for the continued development of Minecraft.  Within a year, the company grew to a size of twelve employees, with their second video game, Scrolls, in development, as well as serving as the publisher of Cobalt.  In 2011, Napster founder and former Facebook president Sean Parker offered to invest in Mojang, but was declined.  By March 2012, the company had accumulated revenues of over $80 million. 

In September 2012, Mojang began a partnership with United Nations Human Settlements Programme called "Block by Block", which entails having Minecraft players constructing sites in-game to use as a basis for assisted development of the village of Kibera in the Nairobi area of Kenya. 

Microsoft subsidiary (2014-present) 

On 15 September 2014, Microsoft announced a deal to acquire Mojang for $2.5 billion in a deal made official on 6 November 2014.  With their stakes in the company bought out, the three founders, Markus Persson, Carl Manneh and Jakob Porsér left the company. 

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella stated that a major reason for acquiring Mojang was HoloLens. 

Games 

Mini-games 

Mojang began its tradition of developing smaller projects for the Humble Bundle Mojam with a shoot 'em up strategy game with steampunk and Ancient Egypt themes called Catacomb Snatch. 81,575 bundles were sold, raising US$458,248.99,  of which all proceeds were given to four charities and non-profit organizations, including  , Child's Play, Electronic Frontier Foundation, and American Red Cross. Both the genre and theme were picked by a survey on Mojang's website (combination of the highest and lowest voted of each).  The following year, three mini-games were simultaneously developed for the Humble Bundle Mojam 2. 

Unreleased games 

Until July 2012, Mojang was co-developing a video game codenamed Rex Kwon Do alongside an undisclosed developer. Before the title had reached a significant stage of development, Mojang cancelled the collaboration, due to their lack of involvement and influence on the project. 

In March 2012, Persson revealed that he would be designing a space sandbox game. Although Mojang teased with an April Fools' Day website based around Mars Effect (citing the Bethesda lawsuit), it was confirmed that the game was indeed in development, albeit with a different name.  On 4 April, Mojang revealed the game's title to be 0x10c, set in the year 281,474,976,712,644 AD of a parallel universe.  In April 2013, Persson announced that the game was shelved, due to a creative block. In August of that year, he claimed that the game was indefinitely postponed, with the incentive that other Mojang staff members could continue its production should they desire.

Block by Block project 

In September 2012, Mojang began the Block by Block charity project in cooperation with UN-Habitat to create and design real-world environments in Minecraft.  The project allows young people who live in those environments to participate in designing the changes they would like to see and involve them in urban planning. Using Minecraft, the community has helped reconstruct the areas of concern, and citizens are invited to enter the Minecraft servers and modify their own neighborhood. Carl Manneh, Mojang's managing director, called the game "the perfect tool to facilitate this process", adding that "the three-year partnership will support UN-Habitat’s Sustainable Urban Development Network to upgrade 300 public spaces by 2016". Mojang signed Minecraft building community, FyreUK, to help render the environments into Minecraft. The first pilot project began in Kibera, one of Nairobi’s informal settlements, and is in the planning phase. The Block By Block project is based on an earlier initiative started in October 2011, Mina Kvarter (My Block), which gave young people in Swedish communities a tool to visualize how they wanted to change their part of town. According to Manneh, the project was a helpful way to visualize urban planning ideas without necessarily having a training in architecture.  By 2016, 300 of the areas UN-Habitat plans to remodel will be recreated in Minecraft. 

Lawsuits 

ZeniMax Media v. Mojang AB 

ZeniMax Media, the parent company of Bethesda Softworks, filed a lawsuit against Mojang on 27 September 2011, claiming that Mojang's planned trademark of the title, Scrolls, infringed upon Bethesda's trademark of The Elder Scrolls series.  On 18 October, Markus Persson announced that Mojang had won the interim injunction, but that Bethesda still had the option to file an appeal.  In March 2012, Mojang and Bethesda reached a settlement, in which Mojang would not trademark Scrolls, but Bethesda would not contest Mojang's naming of Scrolls, so long as it would not be a direct competitor against The Elder Scrolls.  During this time, Persson jokingly asked if Bethesda was willing to play a game of Quake 3 to settle the dispute. 

Uniloc USA v. Mojang AB 

On 20 July 2012, Uniloc filed a lawsuit against Mojang, citing the Minecraft - Pocket Edition as an infringement upon patents that give Uniloc exclusive rights to license checks on Android devices.  In response to an overwhelming amount of hate mail, Uniloc inventor Ric Richardson denied his own personal involvement, claiming to have only filed the patent and that the lawsuit against Mojang was not by his doing, although endorsed the security of the patent. 

Awards 

*March Developers' Showdown 2011
Question:
Developed by Swedish company Mojang, Minecraft is a popular?
Answer:
Benefits of video games
