Passage:
Lobster Telephone
Lobster Telephone (also known as Aphrodisiac Telephone) is a surrealist object, created by Salvador Dalí in 1936 for the English poet Edward James (1907–1984), a leading collector of surrealist art. In his book The Secret Life, Dalí wrote teasingly of his demand to know why, when he asked for a grilled lobster in a restaurant, he was never presented with a boiled telephone. 

Description

The work is a composite of an ordinary working telephone and a lobster made of plaster.  It is approximately 15 × 30 × 17 cm (6 × 12 × 6.6 inches) in size.

This is a classic example of a Surrealist object, made from the conjunction of items not normally associated with each other, resulting in something both playful and menacing. Dalí believed that such objects could reveal the secret desires of the unconscious. Lobsters and telephones had strong sexual connotations for Dalí. The telephone appears in certain paintings of the late 1930s such as Mountain Lake (Tate), and the lobster appears in drawings and designs, usually associated with erotic pleasure and pain. For the 1939 New York World's Fair, Dalí created a multi-media experience entitled Dream of Venus, which consisted in part of dressing live nude models in "costumes" made of fresh seafood, an event photographed by Horst P. Horst and George Platt Lynes. A lobster was used by the artist to cover the female sexual organs of his models. Dalí often drew a close analogy between food and sex. In Lobster Telephone, the crustacean's tail, where its sexual parts are located, is placed directly over the mouthpiece.

In 1935 Dalí was commissioned by the magazine American Weekly to execute a series of drawings based on his impressions of New York. One drawing was given the caption 'NEW YORK DREAM - MAN FINDS LOBSTER IN PLACE OF PHONE'. In the Dictionnaire Abrégé du Surréalisme of 1938, Dalí contributed an entry under 'TÉLÉPHONE APHRODISIAQUE' which is accompanied by a small drawing of a telephone, its receiver replaced by a lobster surrounded by flies. A similar drawing is printed in The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí which contains the following:

I do not understand why, when I ask for a grilled lobster in a restaurant, I am never served a cooked telephone; I do not understand why champagne is always chilled and why on the other hand telephones, which are habitually so frightfully warm and disagreeably sticky to the touch, are not also put in silver buckets with crushed ice around them.

Telephone frappé, mint-coloured telephone, aphrodisiac telephone, lobster-telephone, telephone sheathed in sable for the boudoirs of sirens with fingernails protected with ermine, Edgar Allan Poe telephones with a dead rat concealed within, Boecklin telephones installed inside a cypress tree (and with an allegory of death in inlaid silver on their backs), telephones on the leash which would walk about, screwed to the back of a living turtle ... telephones ... telephones ... telephones ...

Present location and exhibition

Dalí  produced five examples of the color version of his telephone. One was on display at the Dalí Universe in London; a second can be found at the Museum für Kommunikation Frankfurt; another is owned by the Edward James Foundation; a fourth is at the National Gallery of Australia; and the fifth example is in the collection of Tate Modern, London. 

Dalí  also produced an off-white version of his telephone. Of the six known examples, one is owned by the Minneapolis Institute of Arts; another by the Salvador Dalí Museum in St. Petersburg, Florida. A third example is held at Centro Cultural de Belém, in Portugal, and is owned by the art collector Joe Berardo. Another exemplar can be viewed at the Johannesburg Art Gallery (JAG) in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Question:
Which artist created 'The Lobster Telephone' in 1936 and 'Mae West Lip Sofa' in 1937?
Answer:
Salvador Felipe Jacinto DalA
Passage:
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have | Poll ...
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have | Poll Everywhere
That's an interesting question!
Looks like a Poll Everywhere user asked an audience that very same question.
You can crowdsource answers, too! We'll walk you through the steps to turn this question into a live poll.
After that, you can ask any crowd, anywhere, anytime. Much more fun than asking Google.
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have
Poll responses are kept private
6
8
10
Ask your audience a question with the Poll Everywhere app
Step 2
Audience answers in real time using mobile phones, Twitter, or web browsers
Step 3
See your response live on the web or in a PowerPoint presentation
Still have questions?
Is Poll Everywhere free?
Yes! Free plans for K12 and Higher Ed educators include 40 responses per question, and the free business plan allows 25 responses per question. Paid plans allow more responses per question, along with premium features like moderation, post-event reporting, and a custom URL for your audience response page.
Is this legit?
Yup. We invented this live text/web polling bonanza back in 2007. Now over 60% of the Fortune 500 and 100,000 educators use Poll Everywhere to engage everyone. We process millions of audience responses every month.
Question:
How many lanes does an Olympic swimming pool have?
Answer:
10
Passage:
Ring of the Fisherman
The Ring of the Fisherman (Latin: Annulus Piscatoris; Italian: Anello Piscatorio), also known as the Piscatory Ring, is an official part of the regalia worn by the Pope, who is head of the Catholic Church and successor of Saint Peter, who was a fisherman by trade. It used to feature a bas-relief of Peter fishing from a boat, a symbolism derived from the tradition that the apostles were "fishers of men" (Mark 1:17). The Fisherman's Ring is a signet used until 1842 to seal official documents signed by the Pope. 

History

A letter written by Pope Clement IV to his nephew Pietro Grossi in 1265 includes the earliest known mention of the Ring of the Fisherman, which was used for sealing all the pope's private correspondence. Public documents, by contrast, were sealed by stamping a different papal seal onto lead which was attached to the document. Such documents were historically called papal bulls, named after the stamped bulla of lead. 

Use of the Fisherman's Ring changed during the 15th century when it was used to seal official documents called papal briefs. That practice ended in 1842, when the sealing wax was replaced by a stamp which affixed the same device in red ink.

Through the centuries, the Fisherman's Ring came to be known for its feudal symbolism. Borrowing from the traditions developed by medieval monarchs, followers showed respect to the reigning Pope, who was considered "the emperor of the world", by kneeling at his feet and kissing the Fisherman's Ring.

Creation, transfer and destruction

A new ring is cast for each Pope as a general practice in tradition. Around the relief image is the reigning Pope's Latin name. During the ceremony of a Papal coronation or Papal inauguration, the Cardinal camerlengo slips the ring on the ring finger of the new Pope's right hand. 

In breaking with this tradition: "At the official introduction to his office, the classic ring [remained] in [its] case. It was passed to Pope Benedict XVI by the dean of the College of Cardinals, Angelo Cardinal Sodano. [The ring was designed by jeweller Claudio Franchi, who watched as Benedict placed the ring on himself.]"  Pope Francis, far from following Benedict's lead, was bestowed his ring by Cardinal Sodano at his installation. 

It is within the pope's power to give the ring to anyone he wishes, as Pope Paul VI did with Archbishop of Canterbury Michael Ramsey in 1966. The ring, which Paul wore regularly, was given as a surprise to the archbishop who immediately placed it on his finger after having removed his own ring. Since then, the ring has been passed down from one Archbishop of Canterbury to the next and has become protocol for the Archbishop to wear it whenever he visits the pope. The gesture was a profound, important move by Paul to show the close ties of the Catholic Church with the Church of England. Interestingly, later Archbishops of Canterbury, fellow bishops, and the reigning pope still kiss this particular ring in veneration, as Pope John Paul II did on the occasion of Archbishop Rowan Williams' visit. 

Upon a papal death, the ring used to be ceremonially destroyed using a hammer in the presence of other Cardinals by the Camerlengo. This was done to prevent issuance of forged documents during the interregnum, or sede vacante. Today, the destruction of the ring's device with deep scratches is a symbol of the end of rule of the pope who used to wear that ring. This custom was followed after the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI by applying two deep cuts, in the shape of a cross, on the signet with a chisel. 

Wear

Although Pope Benedict XVI wore his Fisherman's Ring daily, it is no longer the custom for popes to wear it at all. Generally, a new pope will either inherit the daily-wear ring of his predecessor, keep an old ring of his own preference, or will choose a new daily-wear style. Pope John Paul I usually wore a wide gold band similar in design to the mitre-shaped Second Vatican Council ring; in imitation of this, Pope John Paul II wore a wide gold crucifix shaped into a ring that had belonged to Pope Paul VI.

In former times, a special coronation ring was placed on the pope's finger, designed very large since it was worn over the pope's glove. That custom and the use of a coronation ring ended with Pope Paul VI.

Generally, popes of the past wore episcopal rings in keeping with the fashions of the time. Pope Pius XII, for example, often wore a heavily ornate ring set with a stone. Pope Pius IX most often wore a cameo of himself, made entirely of tiny diamonds, whilst Pope Pius X wore a simple, smaller stone-set ring. In keeping with the modern spirit suggested by Pope John XXIII and actually practiced in his later years by Pope Paul VI, Pope Francis wears a simple gold-plate silver ring only for papal ceremonies, preferring his small, silver ring from his days as a cardinal.
Question:
Who wears the Fisherman's Ring
Answer:
Pope of the Catholics
Passage:
Omertà
Omertà  is a code of honor that places importance on silence, non-cooperation with authorities, and non-interference in the illegal actions of others. It originated and remains common in Southern Italy, where banditry and the Mafia-type criminal organizations (like the Camorra, Cosa Nostra, 'Ndrangheta and Sacra Corona Unita) are strong. It is also deeply rooted in rural Crete (Greece),  Sardinia and Corsica.

It also exists, to a lesser extent, in certain Italian-American neighborhoods where the Italian-American Mafia has influence—and Italian ethnic enclaves in countries such as Germany, Canada, and Australia, where Italian organized crime exists. Retaliation against informers is common in criminal circles, where informers are known as "rats" or "snitches".

The code

Omertà implies "...the categorical prohibition of cooperation with state authorities or reliance on its services, even when one has been victim of a crime."Paoli, Mafia Brotherhoods, p. 109 A person should absolutely avoid interfering in the business of others and should not inform the authorities of a crime under any circumstances (though if justified he may personally avenge a physical attack on himself or on his family by vendetta, literally a taking of revenge, a feud). Even if somebody is convicted of a crime he has not committed, he is supposed to serve the sentence without giving the police any information about the real criminal, even if that criminal has nothing to do with the Mafia. Within Mafia culture, breaking omertà is punishable by death.

Sicilians adopted the code long before the emergence of Cosa Nostra, and it may have been heavily influenced by centuries of state oppression and foreign colonization. It has been observed at least as far back as the 16th century as a way of opposing Spanish rule. 

Origin

The OED traces the word to the Spanish word hombredad, meaning manliness, modified after the Sicilian word omu for man. According to a different theory, the word comes from Latin humilitas (humility), which became umirtà and then finally omertà in some southern Italian dialects. 

Omertà is a code of silence, according to one of the first Mafia researchers Antonio Cutrera, a former officer of public security, that seals lips of men even in their own defense and even when the accused is innocent of charged crimes. Cutrera quoted a native saying first uttered (so goes the legend) by a wounded man to his assailant: "If I live, I'll kill you. If I die, I forgive you". Antonio Cutrera, La mafia e i mafiosi, Reber, Palermo: 1900, p. 27 (reprinted by Arnaldo Forni Editore, Sala Bolognese 1984, ISBN 88-271-2487-X), quoted in Nelli, The Business of Crime, p. 13-14

The basic principle of omertà is that it is not "manly" to seek the aid from legally constituted authorities to settle personal grievances. The suspicion of being a cascittuni (an informant) constituted the blackest mark against manhood, according to Cutrera. An individual who has been wronged is obligated to look out for his own interests by avenging that wrong himself, or finding a patron—but not the State—to do the job.

Omertà is an extreme form of loyalty and solidarity in the face of authority. One of its absolute tenets is that it is deeply demeaning and shameful to betray even one's deadliest enemy to the authorities. For this reason, many Mafia-related crimes go unsolved. Observers of the Mafia debate whether omertà should best be understood as an expression of social consensus surrounding the Mafia or whether it is instead a pragmatic response based primarily on fear, as implied by a popular Sicilian proverb Cu è surdu, orbu e taci, campa cent'anni 'mpaci ("He who is deaf, blind, and silent will live a hundred years in peace").

The Italian-American mafioso Joe Valachi famously broke the omertà code when, in 1963, he publicly spoke out about the existence of the Mafia and testified before the United States Congress, becoming the first in the modern history of the American Mafia to break his blood oath.   In Sicily, the phenomenon of pentito (Italian he who has repented) broke omertà.

Among the most famous Mafia pentiti is Tommaso Buscetta, the first important State witness who helped prosecutor Giovanni Falcone to understand the inner workings of Cosa Nostra and described the Sicilian Mafia Commission or Cupola, the leadership of the Sicilian Mafia. A predecessor, Leonardo Vitale, who gave himself up to the police in 1973, was judged mentally ill, so his testimony led only to the conviction of himself and his uncle.

Other definitions

A more popular and more simplified definition of the code of omertà is: "Whoever appeals to the law against his fellow man is either a fool or a coward. Whoever cannot take care of himself without police protection is both. It is as cowardly to betray an offender to justice, even though his offences be against yourself, as it is not to avenge an injury by violence. It is dastardly and contemptible in a wounded man to betray the name of his assailant, because if he recovers, he must naturally expect to take vengeance himself." 

In popular culture

 
Mario Puzo wrote novels based on the principles of Omertà and the Cosa Nostra. His best known works in that vein are the trilogy The Godfather, The Sicilian, and Omertà. The final book of the series, Omertà, was finished before his death but published posthumously in 2000 from his manuscript.
Question:
What is the code of silence which prohibits speaking about, or divulging information about, criminal activities, used by the Mafia?
Answer:
Omereta%60
Passage:
Piccadilly Radio at 40: Celebrating 40 years of Piccadilly ...
Piccadilly Radio at 40: Celebrating 40 years of Piccadilly Radio, and now Key 103 - Manchester Evening News
Business
Celebrating 40 years of Piccadilly Radio
The station, which first broadcast on April 2 1974, has been Manchester’s number one station for years and some of the DJs which made it a success could not wait to celebrate
 Share
Get business updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email
Radio royalty gathered in Media City tonight to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Piccadilly Radio.
The station, which first broadcast on April 2 1974, has been Manchester’s number one station for years and some of the DJs which made it a success could not wait to celebrate.
Among the guests were Roger Day, who was the first to broadcast on the station, Andy Peeble and Paul "Locko" Lockitt who has been with station since 1979 and is currently Key 103's breakfast news editor.
Roger said: "It was just a brilliant time. I haven't got a bad word to say about my time in Manchester.
"I almost took a job in Canada before I heard about this. A radio station that was bringing the spirit of Pirate radio but complying with the regulations that were in place then. It was so exciting and the best decision I ever made.
"One of my favourite memories was when Graham Nash rang in saying he loved the show but that I should play a Hollies record that he was on. I said fair enough, but why don't you come in for an interview. And he did, and Graham Nash never did interviews. But we have actually ended up life long friends because of it."
View gallery
 
Andy Peebles, who has gone on to have a broadcasting career spanning 40 years, said: "It was an amazing time. People from Leeds would ring in to say they were travelling into the reception area so they could listen to my northern soul show.
"It was so amazing to be a part of it at the start. Usually when you go to a radio station everything is already established but getting to see everything from the wires being put in the floor.
"For me it was a very lucky break not least because of the broadcasting career I''ve gone on to have."
Phil Sayer, who started at the station in 1976 said: "We never forgot we were a local station. We did the big news but we would go to ribbon cuttings at local schools and played on darts teams in little street corner pubs in Beswick and Clayton. And that is what's missing from local radio now."
Video Loading
Click to play Tap to play
The video will start in 8Cancel
Play now
Jim Hancock, the stations first employee, said: "I was the President of Manchester University's Student Union and was offered a job by Phil Birch. He said it was 9 months as his producer and then the chance to be a news reporter.
"I was given the chance to go to all these concerts and record companies and I'd told them I'd wanted to be a reporter."
Paul Lockitt, the stations longest serving employee from 1979 to the present day, said: "After five years I got trained as a reporter. I came in just as it was all changing it was still a pioneering radio station but we were going into the 80s.
"The biggest stories I remember at the time were the Woolworth's fire in Piccadilly which was horrendous and the Manchester Air disaster."
Mike Sweeney, who currently presents a morning show on BBC Radio Manchester, said: "I don't like to say lucky because I think you make your own luck but I am so fortunate thanks to Piccadilly.
"Piccadiilly has meant I haven't had to drive a van my whole life.
"Put me in front of a microphone and I could just do it but Piccadilly made me a broadcaster rather than a disc jockey."
Colin Walsh programme controller 1974 to 1985 and managing director 85 to 89, said: "Everyone keeps coming up to me and saying you gave me my big break which is incredibly cheering.
"It was such an exciting time looking back although we didn't realise it at the time."
Among the guests at the bash were Jane Morgans who started out as secretary to the head of sales and travelled from New Caledonia off the coast of Australia for the party as well as guests who had tracelled from as far as Hong Kong and Los Angeles.
The party, at the Holiday Inn in Media City was a chance for all the old stars to reminisce about the first commercial station to ever broadcast to Manchester.
Liz Bracken, who organised the party was thrilled at the turn out. She said: "When I started this I thought I'd get 30 or 40 people who'd want to have dinner but the response has been incredible."
The station split into two services in 1988, with Key 103 broadcast on FM, while the Piccadilly branding went onto AM as Piccadilly Gold.
The business left its Piccadilly location to move to new studios at Castlefield in 1996, from where the stations Key 103 and Magic 1152 continue to broadcast.
Question:
From which city did Radio Piccadilly broadcast
Answer:
Manchester developments
Passage:
Lightning Types and Classifications - Storm Highway
Lightning Types and Classifications
Positive Cloud-to-Ground Lightning
Cloud-to-Ground Lightning - Positive
A lightning discharge between cloud and ground initiated by a downward-moving, positively-charged leader.  Abbreviated "+CG".  Positive CGs are less common than negative CGs, and usually are associated with supercell thunderstorms and trailing stratiform precipitation regions behind squall lines.  Positive cloud-to-ground lightning strikes can be identified visually and in photographs by their distinctive lack of branching (positive CGs occasionally will have branching at higher altitudes, but rarely near the ground).
Positive CGs usually consist of only one return stroke, which is typically very bright and intense relative to other lightning activity in a storm.  It is common for photographs of positive CGs to be overexposed unless the photographer has stopped the lens down significantly.  Thunder from a positive CG is typically very loud, and many times sounds like a series of deep, low-frequency sonic booms.
Sprites (see below) are usually associated with the more intense positive CGs.
Intracloud Lightning
Intracloud Lightning
The most common type of discharge - lightning inside a single storm cloud, jumping between different charge regions in the cloud.   Intracloud lightning is sometimes called sheet lightning because it lights up the sky with a 'sheet' of light.  All or parts of the actual channel may be obscured inside the cloud, and may or may not be visible to an observer on the ground.  Not to be confused with cloud-to-cloud lightning.
Anvil Crawler
Anvil Crawlers
Anvil Crawlers are horizontal, tree-like, in-cloud lightning discharges whos leader propagation is resolvable to the human eye.  In other words, the anvil crawler's movement is slow enough (compared to most lightning discharges) that a human observer or normal-speed video camera can see its rapid motion across the sky.  This type of lightning (sometimes referred to as 'crawlers' or 'rocket lightning') often cover very large distances, resulting in vast, spectacular sky-filling discharges.
Anvil crawlers are often very high-altitude events, and as such typically result in soft, rolling thunder due to their great distance from the observer.  The name 'anvil crawler' is derived from the visible 'crawling' motion and their tendency to appear along the underside of the anvil portions of a thunderstorm.  Anvil crawlers can either occur independently completely within the cloud, or in connection with a cloud-to-ground discharge. Click the images below to enlarge
Bolt from the Blue
Bolt from the Blue
A bolt from the blue (sometimes called 'anvil lightning' or 'anvil-to-ground' lightning) is a name given to a cloud-to-ground lightning discharge that strikes far away from its parent thunderstorm.  A 'bolt from the blue' typically originates in the highest regions of a cumulonimbus cloud, traveling horizontally a good distance away from the thunderstorm before making a vertical descent to earth.  Due to the final strike point being a significant distance from the storm (sometimes up to ten miles away), these lightning events can occur at locations with clear 'blue' skies overhead - hence the name.
While many 'bolts from the blue' are positive flashes, some are not.
Cloud-to-Air Lightning
Cloud-to-Air Lightning
Referring to a discharge (or a portion of a discharge) jumping from a cloud into clear air.   Technically speaking, all cloud-to-ground lightning strikes contain 'cloud-to-air' components in the many branches that extend away from the main channel and terminate abruptly in mid-air.  However, the most visually dramatic examples of cloud-to-air lightning occur when a long, bright lightning channel jumps out of the side of a cumulonimbus cloud and terminates in the clear air surrounding the storm.
Bead Lightning
Bead Lightning
Bead Lightning is a name given to the decaying stage of a lightning channel in which the luminosity of the channel breaks up into segments.  Nearly every lightning discharge will exhibit 'beading' as the channel cools immediately after a return stroke, sometimes referred to as the lightning's 'bead-out' stage.   'Bead lightning' is more properly a stage of a normal lightning discharge rather than a type of lightning in itself.
Beading of a lightning channel is usually a small-scale feature, and therefore is often only apparent when the observer/camera is close to the lightning.
Ribbon Lightning
Ribbon Lightning
Ribbon Lightning refers to the visual appearance of a photographed lightning flash's individual return strokes being separated by visible gaps on the final exposure.   This is typically caused by wind blowing the lightning channel sideways during the exposure.  The stronger the wind and closer the lightning strike, the more horizontal displacement will exist on the recorded image.
Camera movement during the capture of a lightning photograph can also result in the same effect:
PHOTO 1: Wind-blown lightning channel: View larger image
PHOTO 2: Lightning captured with moving camera: View larger image
Sheet Lightning
Sheet Lightning
Sheet Lightning is a term used to describe clouds illuminated by a lightning discharge where the actual lightning channel is either inside the clouds or below the horizon (not visible to the observer). Sheet lightning is, simply speaking, ordinary lightning (cloud-to-ground, intracloud, etc) that is hidden by clouds or terrain aside from the flash of light it produces.
Question:
Ball, fork and sheet are all types of what?
Answer:
Forked lightning
Passage:
Natterer's bat
Natterer's bat (Myotis nattereri) is a European vespertilionid bat with pale wings. It has brown fur tending to greyish-white on its underside. It is found across most of the continent of Europe, parts of the Near East and North Africa. It feeds on insects and other invertebrates which it catches on the wing or pursues on the ground. In summer it roosts in deciduous and coniferous trees, buildings or bat boxes close to its feeding habitats. In winter it hibernates in caves, tunnels, mines or cellars, usually hiding in crevices. This bat was first described in 1817 by Heinrich Kuhl, who named it in honour of the Austrian naturalist Johann Natterer.   

Description

Natterer's bat is a medium-sized species and grows to a head and body length of  with a forearm (elbow to wrist) length of . It weighs between 5 and. The short, dense fur on the dorsal (upper) surface of head and body is greyish-brown while the ventral (under) surface is whitish-grey. The ears and the wing membranes are smoky grey. This bat can be distinguished from other similar species by the fact that the free edge of the interfemoral membrane between the hind limbs is wrinkled and fringed with stiff, curved hairs and the calcar, a spur of cartilage that supports the membrane, is shaped like a "S".

Distribution and habitat

Natterer's bat has a western Palaearctic distribution and is native to most of Europe, parts of the Middle East and parts of northern Africa. Its range extends from southern Sweden, Finland and western Russia in the north to Ireland, the United Kingdom, Spain and Portugal to the west. It extends eastwards to Ukraine, western and south-western Asia Minor, the Levant, the Caucasus region, the Kopet Dag Mountains in Turkmenistan, Iran and northern Kazakhstan. Its southern limit is Morocco and Algeria, southwards as far as the Atlas Mountains. Records from North Africa are few in number and the population there is likely to be small. Its historic range included Norway, in which it is now a possibly extirpated species. It is found from sea level up to an altitude of about 2000 m. It is found in forests, parkland, and in open countryside with scattered woodland. It roosts in holes in trees, buildings and nestboxes. In winter it hibernates in caves, mineshafts, tunnels and cellars, hiding itself away in cracks and crevices usually near the cave entrance. It is largely a resident species and the summer roosts and winter hibernation sites are usually within 120 km of each other.

Behaviour

Natterer's bat is nocturnal and insectivorous. It emerges at dusk to hunt for insects and uses echolocation to find prey and orient itself at night. Like many other species of bat, it emits sounds at too high a frequency for most humans to detect and then interprets the echoes created in order to build a "sound picture" of its surroundings. The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 23–115 kHz and have most energy at 53 kHz. The individual signals have an average duration of 3.8 ms.   The wide bandwidth of its frequency-modulated search signals enables it to detect prey only a few centimetres from vegetation and it does not use vision, olfaction or sounds emitted by its prey for this purpose. The bat feeds on the wing and it mostly catches insects in flight but it is also able to feed on prey items such as spiders and caterpillars dangling close to foliage on silken threads.  During a study of the bat's diet, examination of droppings showed that it can also gather prey items from the ground. The diet was found mostly to consist of large Diptera (flies) but Trichoptera (caddisfly), Hymenoptera (bees, wasps, ants and hoverflies) and Arachnida (spiders and harvestmen) were also commonly eaten. The remains of other prey items occasionally found in the droppings included Lepidoptera (moths), Coleoptera (beetles), Hemiptera (bugs), Dermaptera (earwigs) and Chilopoda (centipedes).  This bat may use its interfemoral membrane to catch prey and the fringing hairs may have a sensory function. It has been shown that it can land on the ground to pick up and pursue invertebrates that are active at night, and continues to emit search signals in order to locate them precisely.

Breeding takes place in the spring and many Natterer's bats may congregate in a nursery roost. After fertilisation, a female normally gives birth to a single offspring after a gestation period of fifty to sixty days, but twins sometimes occur. Weaning takes place six or seven weeks later and the juvenile becomes sexually mature the following year.

Status

The IUCN has listed the Natterer's bat in its Red List of Threatened Species as being of "Least Concern" because it has a very wide distribution and is abundant in many parts of its extent. The population trend seems to be steady and no significant threats have been identified. The IUCN does note however that in some parts of its range woodlands are under threat and land management practices are changing. Roosting sites in trees and buildings may be destroyed and in Africa, cave roosting habitats are being damaged. The bat is used in traditional medicine practices in North Africa.

Natterer's bats are protected under the European Habitats Directive, the Bonn Convention (Eurobats) and the Berne Convention.  In the United Kingdom their rarity means that woodlands containing the species may be considered for notification as Sites of Special Scientific Interest or Special Areas of Conservation and may attract a grant under Natural Englands Environmental Stewardship scheme.
Question:
Greater Horseshoe, Brandt's and Natterer's are all species of which type of creatures that are found in Britain?
Answer:
BATS
Passage:
Live recording from The F A Cup final 1927 "abide with Me ...
Live recording from The F A Cup final 1927 "abide with Me" 92,000 voices - YouTube
Live recording from The F A Cup final 1927 "abide with Me" 92,000 voices
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
Loading...
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on Mar 3, 2010
Recording of the Crowd at the F A Cup final 1927 singing Abide with me
Category
When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.
Up next
The Cup Final (1961) - Duration: 7:54. British Pathé 11,766 views
7:54
The story behind FA Cup's Anthem Abide With Me - Duration: 3:52. uchubi 3,507 views
3:52
soccer fan cries to Abide With Me by Katherine Jenkins   2004 FA Cup   YouTube - Duration: 3:27. tubeway army 72,734 views
3:27
FA Cup Final "Abide with Me" - Duration: 2:32. musicandmediauk 7,296 views
2:32
ABIDE WITH ME-SUNG BY GERRY MARSDEN -PRE 1989 CUP FINAL-EVERTON FC V LIVERPOOL FC - Duration: 2:31. ELMSWOOD48 2,038 views
2:31
West Bromwich Albion v Birmingham City 1931 F A Cup final + homecoming parade - Duration: 3:44. holmleighnyd 4,350 views
3:44
Question:
Which hymn is traditionally played before the start of the FA Cup Final?
Answer:
Abide With Me
Passage:
King Richard
King Richard normally refers to the three English monarchs.

English monarchs

*Richard I of England or Richard the Lionheart (1157–1199)
*Richard II of England (1367–1400)
*Richard III of England (1452–1485)

Although no monarch has assumed the title King Richard IV, this title can sometimes refer to:

*Richard of Shrewsbury, 1st Duke of York, one of the Princes in the Tower, who would have been Richard IV of England if he had lived
*The fictional King Richard IV of England from Blackadder, a grown up version of the above
*Perkin Warbeck (1474–1499), a pretender who claimed to be Richard, Duke of York

Other
 
*King Richard II (film); 1954 made-for-TV film
*King Richard font by Ray Larabie
*the nickname of Dick Reynolds (1915–2002), Australian rules footballer
*the nickname of Richard Petty (born 1937), former NASCAR stock car driver
*the nickname of Dick Burleson (born 1948), former enduro motorcycle champion
*the nickname of Richard Brodeur (born 1952), retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender
*The name of a character in the Guardians of Time series by Marianne Curley is King Richard
* King Richard's Faire; a renaissance re-enactment fair held annually in Carver, Massachusetts
Question:
Who assumed the title of Richard IV?
Answer:
Jehan de Werbecque
Passage:
Starfish site
Starfish sites were large-scale night-time decoys created during the Blitz to simulate burning British cities. The aim was to divert German night bombers from their intended targets so they would drop their ordnance over the countryside. The sites were an extension of Colonel John Turner's decoy programme for airfields and factories (code named "Q" Sites). Following the bombing, and near destruction, of Coventry in November 1940, Turner was tasked with creating decoys for seven major cities.

Turner referred to the new sites as "Special Fire" or "SF". However, one early site (near Bristol) was given the name "Starfish", which subsequently became used for all of the decoys. The sites were constructed around 4 mi from their protection target, and at least 1 mi from any other settlement. They consisted of elaborate light arrays and fires, controlled from a nearby bunker and laid out to simulate a fire-bombed town. By the end of the war there were 237 decoys protecting 81 towns and cities around the country.

Starfish sites did attract the attention of enemy bombers; one estimate is that around 968 tons of ordnance was dropped on the decoys. However, later archaeological excavation of the original "Starfish", in the Mendip Hills, found no evidence of bomb craters. 

Background

At the outbreak of World War II, the British government feared a German bombing campaign against the UK mainland. Colonel John Turner, an engineer and retired Air Ministry officer, was tasked, in September 1939, with establishing a broad range of day and night decoys to mislead enemy bombers. His initial work was with dummy aircraft, airfields, and factories – the decoys for which were dubbed 'K' Sites. Turner also implemented night decoys; dubbed 'Q' Sites, they consisted of lights mounted on poles to simulate an airfield.

In response to the German's use of incendiary bombs, Turner added fires to the 'Q' Sites - dubbing them Q-Fire or QF - to add to their plausibility. Initially very crude, the fires were controlled from a nearby concrete pillbox. The theory was that after a first wave of bombers dropped on the real target, the decoy would light fires to simulate the previous raid for further waves to home in on.

Special Fires

Following the night bombing of Coventry, in early November 1940, the decoy programme was expanded to include towns and cities; the Air Ministry initially ordered sites to be set up for Bristol, Crewe, Derby, London, Manchester, Middlesbrough and Sheffield. The new "Special Fire" decoys were set up to simulate the bomb drops of German pathfinder squadrons. By 23 January 1941 the programme had been increased to 43 sites protecting 13 town and cities and by March operational sites numbered over 100. By the end of the war there were 237 Starfish sites protecting 81 locations.

One of the first decoy sites was constructed on Black Down on the Mendip Hills; it was code-named "Starfish", derived from Turner's original SF code, and built to protect the nearby city of Bristol. The Starfish name was eventually adopted to describe all of the SF decoy sites.

Examples

The original "Starfish", in the Mendip Hills near Bristol, used fires of creosote and water to simulate incendiary bombs exploding. In addition, glow boxes were used to simulate the streets and railways of Bristol; the light bulbs were powered by electrical generators turned by Coventry Climax petrol engines contained in two bunkers. 

There is a starfish site, with bunker still visible, in the parish of Yatton, North Somerset, off Claverham Drove; this was also a decoy for Bristol.  

Glasgow was protected by various Starfish sites located on its surrounding hillsides. A decoy site existed at Long Wood at grid reference  outside Eaglesham in East Renfrewshire, Scotland. Clusters of impressions where basket fires once stood, bounded by fire-break trenches, covered much of the area seen in Second World War photographs, and a prominent structure near the site may have been the decoy control bunker. Anti-aircraft gun emplacements have been noted at the site.  Another site known as Craigmaddie lies on the Campsie Fells at Blairskaith Muir, . It was a co-located Starfish and QF/QL site.  Carrington Moss, near Manchester, was another Starfish site.

As of 2000, there is a relatively intact control bunker for a co-located Starfish and Quick Light (QL) site at Liddington Hill overlooking Swindon. The bunker is at the edge of the small copse on the eastern summit of the hill, which is visible from the M4 motorway.

Impact

A 1992 archaeological survey of the Mendip hills did not identify surviving bomb craters on the Black Down site (the original "Starfish"), despite claims of their existence. In his 2000 book, Fields of Deception: Britain's Bombing Decoys of World War II, historian Colin Dobinson collated Turner's conservative estimates as to the success of decoy sites; suggesting that Starfish decoys diverted 968 tons of German bombardment.
Question:
During World War II, what was the name given to deliberately created simulations of burning towns that were constructed in Britain to decoy German night bombers away from bombing real towns?
Answer:
Starfish sites
Passage:
If I Ruled the World
"If I Ruled the World" is a popular song, composed by Leslie Bricusse and Cyril Ornadel, which was originally from the 1963 West End musical Pickwick (based on Charles Dickens's The Pickwick Papers). In the context of the stage musical, the song is sung by Samuel Pickwick, when he is mistaken for an election candidate and called on by the crowd to give his manifesto.  Ornadel and Bricusse received the 1963 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. 

The song is usually associated with Sir Harry Secombe, who got the song to No 18 in the UK charts in 1963, but has been performed by other singers, notably Tony Bennett, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, The Supremes,  Tom Jones and Regina Belle. Bennett originally recorded the song in 1965, and had a number 34 hit with it on the U.S. pop singles charts.  Bennett, with Celine Dion, returned to the song on his Grammy-winning 2006 album Duets: An American Classic. 

Andy Hallett – the actor best known for playing the part of Lorne ('The Host') in the television series Angel – sang a cover version of the song in that series' final episode.  The politician-spoofing BBC panel show If I Ruled the World was named after the song.

This song was featured in Spring/Summer 2009 on the Vodafone adverts in the UK.

Jamie Cullum also recorded a version for his album The Pursuit, and performed it at his special performance at the Late Night Prom, number Prom 55, of The Proms in London, with The Heritage Ensemble, on Thursday 26 August 2010 between 22:15 and 13.45. As shown on BBC televisions' BBC Four on the following night.
Question:
"The song ""If I ruled the world"" came from which musical?"
Answer:
PICKWICK
Passage:
EAGLES LYRICS - Hotel California
EAGLES LYRICS - Hotel California
EAGLES LYRICS
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair
Warm smell of colitas, rising up through the air
Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light
My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim
I had to stop for the night
There she stood in the doorway;
I heard the mission bell
And I was thinking to myself,
"This could be Heaven or this could be Hell"
Then she lit up a candle and she showed me the way
There were voices down the corridor,
I thought I heard them say...
Welcome to the Hotel California
Such a lovely place (Such a lovely place)
Such a lovely face
Plenty of room at the Hotel California
Any time of year (Any time of year)
You can find it here
Her mind is Tiffany-twisted, she got the Mercedes bends
She got a lot of pretty, pretty boys she calls friends
How they dance in the courtyard, sweet summer sweat.
Some dance to remember, some dance to forget
So I called up the Captain,
"Please bring me my wine"
He said, "We haven't had that spirit here since nineteen sixty nine"
And still those voices are calling from far away,
Wake you up in the middle of the night
Just to hear them say...
Welcome to the Hotel California
Such a lovely place (Such a lovely place)
Such a lovely face
They livin' it up at the Hotel California
What a nice surprise (what a nice surprise)
Bring your alibis
The pink champagne on ice
And she said "We are all just prisoners here, of our own device"
And in the master's chambers,
They gathered for the feast
They stab it with their steely knives,
But they just can't kill the beast
Last thing I remember, I was
Running for the door
I had to find the passage back
To the place I was before
"Relax, " said the night man,
"We are programmed to receive.
You can check-out any time you like,
But you can never leave! "
Visit www.azlyrics.com for these lyrics.
Thanks to Franny, Douglas for correcting these lyrics.
Question:
From where can you check out anytime you like, but never leave?
Answer:
On a dark desert highway
Passage:
EGG FOO YUNG – Indian Food - Sanjay Thumma
EGG FOO YUNG | Vahrehvah article
Mail
Every thing about EGG FOO YUNG | Vahrehvah :
  Egg Foo Yung also spelled as egg foo yong or egg fu yung or egg foo young is an excellent omelette dish found in British and American Chinese cuisine. The name of this dish comes from the Cantonese language and is associated with Tiki culture. Egg foo yung is derived from Fu Yung Egg Slices an authentic Chinese recipe  from Shanghai.
This dish is prepared with beaten eggs and minced ham. From these dishes, Chinese chefs in the United States, at least as early as the 1930s, created a pancake filled with eggs, vegetables , and meat or seafood. In the United States this dish usually appears as a well folded omelette with the non-egg ingredients embedded in the egg mixture covered in or served with sauce or gravy. It is a easy take away dish. In Britain the dish more closely resembles lightly browned scrambled egg and is never served with a sauce.
It may be made with various vegetables such as bean sprouts, celery, and water chestnuts . When meat is used as an ingredient, a choice of roast pork, shrimp, chicken , beef, or lobster may be offered. In United States there are other regional variations of serving this dish commonly called as St.
Paul sandwich which is an egg foo young patty served with mayonnaise, dill pickle, and sometimes lettuce and tomato between two slices of white bread. In Indonesian Chinese cuisine it is well known as Fu Yung Hai while the Trung Hap, Vietnamese dish is similar to Egg foo young. Certain incarnations of the Korean-Chinese dish Jjajang bokkeumbap are similar; in essence the dish consists of jjajang (a dark brown, black bean and meat sauce) and fried rice , with an optional fried egg or egg-foo-young-like omelet atop the rice.
In Malay cuisine, it is similar to "Telur Bungkus," which literally means "wrapped egg" (the wrap usually contains chicken or beef, onions , mushrooms, vegetables , and gravy, wrapped inside the egg). American Chinese cuisine refers to the style of food served by many Chinese restaurants in the United States.
This type of cooking typically caters to Western tastes, and differs significantly from the original Chinese cuisine. American Chinese food typically treats vegetables as garnish while cuisines of China emphasize vegetables . This can be seen in the use of carrots and tomatoes . Native Chinese cuisine makes frequent use of Asian leafy vegetables like bok choy and kai-lan and puts a greater emphasis on fresh meat and seafood. As a result, American Chinese food is usually less pungent than authentic cuisine.
For preparing this delicious Egg Foo Yung, firstly beat eggs well with water and soy sauce . Stir in bean sprouts, mushrooms , green onions and mix well. Spray an 8 inch (20cm) non-stick skillet with cooking spray. Heat the skillet over medium heat. Pour in one third of egg mixture. As mixture sets as the edges, with spatula gently lift the cooked portion to allow the uncooked egg to flow underneath. Cook until bottom is set and top is almost set. Slide onto a plate. Invert back into skillet and cook completely for about 1 minute.
Slide onto a warm plate. Repeat procedure to make 2 more omelettes stacking them. Cut into wedges and serve with warm Oriental Sauce. Do try this delicious and yummy recipe. The kids would really enjoy the taste and relish it with delight. Click on the link for the detailed recipe:
https://www.vahrehvah.com/egg-foo-yung-recipe
Question:
The Cantonese/Chinese dish 'foo yong' (also 'fu young') is similar to?
Answer:
Denver omlette
Passage:
The Virgin and the Gypsy
The Virgin and the Gypsy is a short novel (or novella) by English author D. H. Lawrence. It was written in 1926 and published posthumously in 1930. Today it is often entitled The Virgin and the Gipsy which can lead to confusion: first and early editions had the spelling Gypsy.

Plot summary

The tale relates the story of two sisters, daughters of an Anglican vicar, who return from overseas to a drab, lifeless vicarage in the post-First World War East Midlands. Their mother has run off, a scandal that is not talked about by the family. Their new home is dominated by a blind and selfish grandmother along with her mean-spirited, poisonous daughter. The two girls, Yvette and Lucille, risk being suffocated  by the life they now lead at the Vicarage. They try their utmost every day to bring colour and fun into their lives. Out on a trip with some friends one Sunday afternoon, Yvette encounters a Gypsy and his family and this meeting reinforces her disenchantment with the oppressive domesticity of the vicarage. It  also awakens in her a sexual curiosity she has not felt before, despite having admirers. She also befriends a married Jewish woman who has left her husband and is living with her paramour. When her father finds out about this friendship, he threatens her with "the asylum" and Yvette realizes that at his heart her father, too, is mean spirited and shallow. At the end of the novel, Yvette is rescued during a surprise flood that washes through the home and drowns the grandmother. The rescuer who breathes life and warmth back into the virginal Yvette is the free-spirited Gypsy. Yvette's life is changed forever after.

Film, TV or theatrical adaptations

A film adaptation was made in 1970, directed by Christopher Miles from a screenplay by Alan Plater starring Imogen Hassall, Joanna Shimkus, Franco Nero, Honor Blackman, Mark Burns and Fay Compton. It won a Golden Globe Nomination 1971.
Question:
"Who wrote the novel The Virgin and the Gypsy""?"
Answer:
D. H. Lawrence
Passage:
Nadir Synonyms, Nadir Antonyms | Thesaurus.com
Nadir Synonyms, Nadir Antonyms | Thesaurus.com
 
Word Origin & History
nadir c.1391, in astronomical sense, from M.L. nadir, from Arabic nazir "opposite to," in nazir as-samt, lit. "opposite of the zenith," from nazir "opposite" + as-samt "zenith" (see zenith). Transf. sense of "lowest point (of anything)" is first recorded 1793.
Example Sentences for nadir
Paul gazed vacantly from the zenith to the nadir, and from west to east, when suddenly his eyes fell on the Abbot of Antinoe.
They were written at the time when the Imperial spirit was at its nadir.
Mohammed Shah was completely defeated the moment he encountered Nadir Shah.
The nadir is the lowest point in the heavens and the zenith is the highest.
The pole of the horizon, or that point in the heavens directly overhead, as nadir is that which is directly under our feet.
It is also on record that Nadir Shah took guns as far as Saighan.
And I fear me, even if the illustrious one were as rich as Nadir Shah of old renown, it would be vain to approach him now.
Nadir left the cavern, and reflected on the meaning of his words.
From the zenith of hope Captain Starlins had been suddenly plunged souse down to the nadir of despair.
One of the friends of Nadir hastened to him with these words.
Question:
What Z word is the antonym of nadir?
Answer:
Astronomy zenith
Passage:
The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy) by Simon ...
The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy) by Simon & Garfunkel Songfacts
Songfacts
The 59th Street bridge (officially the Queensboro Bridge), goes over the East River in New York City, connecting Queens to Manhattan. Simon & Garfunkel are from New York, which has a very hectic pace. In this song they remind us to slow down and appreciate the simple pleasures in life, like cobblestones and flowers.
When he performed at Tufts University in 1966, Simon said of this song: "I spent most of the year 1965 living in England, and at the end of that year in December, I came back to the United States, ' The Sound Of Silence ' had become a big hit, and I had to make this adjustment from being relatively unknown in England to being semi-famous here, and I didn't really swing with it. It was a very difficult scene to make, and I was writing very depressed-type songs until around June of last year. I started to swing out of it, I was getting into a good mood, and I remember coming home in the morning about 6 o'clock over the 59th Street Bridge in New York, and it was such a groovy day really, a good one, and it was one of those times when you know you won't be tired for about an hour, a sort of a good hanging time, so I started to write a song that later became the 59th Street Bridge Song or Feelin' Groovy."
The Queensboro Bridge is notoriously noisy and mechanical. You walk on metal graters that vibrate as the traffic zooms by, creating a dangerous and exciting sensation. This could be the background for "Slow down, you move too fast..."
Despite being one of Simon & Garfunkel's best-known songs, this was never a hit for them. However in 1967 a more Pop-oriented version by Harpers Bizarre with higher vocals peaked at #13 in the US & #34 in the UK.
This is one of the first uses of the word "Groovy" in a popular song. It gave the songwriters Carole Bayer Sager and Toni Wine inspiration for the first "Groovy" hit: " A Groovy Kind Of Love ."
Two members of the Dave Brubeck Quartet played on this track: bassist Gene Wright and drummer Joe Morello.
Question:
What is the correct title of the Simon and Garfunkel song that is often called Feelin' Groovy?
Answer:
59th STREET BRIDGE SONG
Passage:
Runaway Jury
Runaway Jury is a 2003 American legal thriller film directed by Gary Fleder, and stars John Cusack, Gene Hackman, Dustin Hoffman, and Rachel Weisz. It is an adaptation of John Grisham's novel The Runaway Jury. 

Plot

In New Orleans, a failed day trader at a stock brokerage firm shows up at the office and opens fire on his former colleagues, then kills himself. Among the dead is Jacob Wood. Two years later, with attorney Wendell Rohr, Jacob's widow Celeste takes Vicksburg Firearms to court on the grounds that the company's gross negligence led to her husband's death.

During jury selection, jury consultant Rankin Fitch and his team communicate background information on each of the jurors to lead defense attorney Durwood Cable in the courtroom through electronic surveillance.

In the jury pool, Nick Easter tries to get himself excused from jury duty. Judge Frederick Harkin decides to give Nick a lesson in civic duty and Fitch tells Cable that the judge has now given them no choice, and that he must select Nick as a juror. Nick's congenial manner wins him acceptance from his fellow jurors, but Frank Herrera, a Marine veteran, takes an instant dislike to him.

A woman named Marlee makes an offer to Fitch and Rohr: she will deliver the verdict to the first bidder. Rohr dismisses the offer, assuming it to be a tactic by Fitch to obtain a mistrial. Fitch asks for proof that she can deliver, though, which Nick provides. Fitch orders Nick's apartment searched, but finds nothing. Marlee retaliates by getting one of Fitch's jurors bounced. Nick shows the judge surveillance footage of his apartment being searched, and the judge orders the jury sequestered. Fitch then goes after three jurors with blackmail, leading one, Rikki Coleman, to attempt suicide.

Rohr loses a key witness due to harassment, and after confronting Fitch, decides that he cannot win the case. He asks his firm's partners for $10 million. Fitch sends an operative, Janovich, to kidnap Marlee, but she fights him off and raises Fitch's price to $15 million. On principle, Rohr changes his mind and refuses to pay. Fitch agrees to pay Marlee to be certain of the verdict.

Fitch's subordinate Doyle travels to Gardner, Indiana, where he discovers that Nick is really Jeff Kerr, a law school drop-out, and that Marlee's real name is Gabby Brandt. Gabby's sister died in a school shooting. The town sued the gun manufacturer and Fitch helped the defense win the case. Doyle concludes that Nick and Marlee's offer is a set-up, and he calls Fitch, but it is too late.

Nick receives confirmation of receipt of payment and he steers the jury in favor of the plaintiff, much to the chagrin of Herrera, who launches into a rant against the plaintiff, which undermines his support. The gun manufacturer is found liable, with the jury awarding $110 million in general damages to Celeste Wood.

After the trial, Nick and Marlee confront Fitch with a receipt for the $15 million bribe and demand that he retire. They inform him that the $15 million will benefit the shooting victims in Gardner.

Cast

* John Cusack as Nicholas Easter/Jeff Kerr
* Gene Hackman as Rankin Fitch
* Dustin Hoffman as Wendall Rohr
* Rachel Weisz as Marlee/ Gabrielle Brandt 
* Jeremy Piven as Lawrence Green
* Bruce Davison as Durwood Cable
* Bruce McGill as Judge Frederick Harkin
* Marguerite Moreau as Amanda Monroe
* Nick Searcy as Doyle
* Leland Orser as Lamb
* Lori Heuring as Maxine
* Nestor Serrano as Janovich
* Joanna Going as Celeste Wood
* Dylan McDermott as Jacob Wood (uncredited)
* Stanley Anderson as Henry Jankle
* Celia Weston as Mrs. Brandt
* Stuart Greer as Kincaid
* Gerry Bamman as Herman Grimes
* Bill Nunn as Lonnie Shaver
* Cliff Curtis as Frank Herrera
* Nora Dunn as Stella Hulic
* Rusty Schwimmer as Millie Dupree
* Jennifer Beals as Vanessa Lembeck
* Guy Torry as Eddie Weese
* Henry Darrow as Sebald 
* Ed Nelson as George Dressler 
* Orlando Jones as Russell
* Gary Grubbs as Dobbs
* Marco St. John as Daley
* Rhoda Griffis as Rikki Coleman
* Luis Guzmán as Jerry Hernandez 
* Corri English as Lydia Deets

Production

The film had been in pre-production since 1997. Directors slated to helm the picture included Joel Schumacher and Mike Newell, with the lead being offered to Edward Norton and Will Smith.[http://www.ew.com/ew/article/0,,474743,00.html The Runaway Jury] The novel's focus on big tobacco was retained until the 1999 film The Insider was released, necessitating a plot change from tobacco to gun companies.

Revenue

The film grossed $49,440,996 in the United States and $80,154,140 worldwide. 

Reception

Runaway Jury received generally positive reviews from critics, garnering a 73 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with the site calling the film "An implausible but entertaining legal thriller." 
Roger Ebert's critique of this film stated that the plot to sell the jury to the highest-bidding party was the most ingenious device in the story because it avoided pitting the "evil" and the "good" protagonists directly against each other in a stereotypical manner, but it plunged both of them into a moral abyss. 
John Grisham said it was a "smart, suspenseful" movie, and was disappointed it made so little money. 

Relation to the original novel

In Grisham's novel "The Runaway Jury" on which the film is based, Celeste Wood's husband died of smoking and his widow sued a tobacco company rather than a gun maker, and the case was deliberated in Biloxi, Mississippi, rather than New Orleans.
Question:
"""Runaway Jury"" (2003), a film directed by Gary Fleder and starring John Cusack, Gene Hackman, Dustin Hoffman and Rachel Weisz, is an adaption of the book by which author?"
Answer:
Clanton, Mississippi
Passage:
Used Burns Usa Musical Instruments Product Values by ...
Used Burns Usa Musical Instruments Product Values   by UsedPrice.com
Electric Guitar
2005
Description: Body: Basswood (Tilia, Linden, Lime) - Neck Attachment: Bolt - Neck Wood: Maple - Neck Construction: 3 Piece - Fingerboard: Rosewood - Frets: 21 - Scale Length: 24.75" (63cm) - Headstock: 3+3 - Cutaway: Double - Hardware: 1x Volume Control, 2x Tone Control - Pickups: Alnico Burns Rez-O-matik - Pickup Configuration: 3 - String Instrument Finish: Jet Black, Shadow White
Question:
What type of musical instrument is a Burns Bison?
Answer:
Saddle (guitar)
Passage:
Thoracic cavity
The thoracic cavity (or chest cavity) is the chamber of the body of vertebrates that is protected by the thoracic wall (rib cage and associated skin, muscle, and fascia). The central compartment of the thoracic cavity is the mediastinum. There are two openings of the thoracic cavity, a superior thoracic aperture known as the thoracic inlet and a lower inferior thoracic aperture known as the thoracic outlet.

The thoracic cavity includes the tendons as well as the cardiovascular system which could be damaged from injury to the back, spine or the neck.

Structure

Structures within the thoracic cavity include:
* structures of the cardiovascular system, including the heart and great vessels, which include the thoracic aorta, the pulmonary artery and all its branches, the superior and inferior vena cava, the pulmonary veins, and the azygos vein 
* structures of the respiratory system, including the Diaphragm, trachea, bronchi and lungs 
* structures of the digestive system, including the esophagus,
* endocrine glands, including the thymus gland,
* structures of the nervous system including the paired vagus nerves, and the paired sympathetic chains,
* lymphatics including the thoracic duct.

It contains three potential spaces lined with mesothelium: the paired pleural cavities and the pericardial cavity. The mediastinum comprises those organs which lie in the centre of the chest between the lungs. The cavity also contains two openings one at the top, the superior thoracic aperture also called the thoracic inlet, and a lower inferior thoracic aperture which is much larger than the inlet.

Clinical significance

If the pleural cavity is breached from the outside, as by a bullet wound or knife wound, a pneumothorax, or air in the cavity, may result. If the volume of air is significant, one or both lungs may collapse, which requires immediate medical attention.

Additional images

File:Blausen 0458 Heart ThoracicCavity.png|Illustration of Heart in Thoracic Cavity
File:Blausen 0467 HeartLocation.png|Illustration of Heart Position Relative to the Rib Cage
Question:
Which muscle separates the thoracic cavity (heart, lungs & ribs) from the abdominal cavity?
Answer:
Diafram
Passage:
2015 Open Championship
The 2015 Open Championship was the 144th Open Championship, held 16–20 July 2015 at Old Course at St Andrews in Fife, Scotland. It was the 29th Open Championship played at St Andrews. Zach Johnson won the Championship in a 4-hole playoff.

World number one Rory McIlroy withdrew prior to the tournament due to an off-course ankle injury, the first defending champion absent from the Open since 1954, when Ben Hogan opted not to participate. Jordan Spieth entered with a chance to win his third consecutive major and take over the top ranking.   Spieth finished tied for fourth, one stroke out of the playoff. 	

The tournament was originally scheduled to be finished on Sunday, 19 July: however, bad weather – which included heavy rain and very strong winds – forced play to be suspended twice, both on Friday and Saturday, with the latter having play suspended for nearly most of the playing day. As a result, this was the first Open Championship to finish on a Monday since 1988. 	

Venue

The 2015 event is the 29th Open Championship played at the Old Course at St Andrews. The most recent was in 2010 when Louis Oosthuizen won his only major title and became the first South African to win an Open Championship at St Andrews.

Previous lengths of the course for The Open Championship (since 1950):

* 2010: 7305 yd 
* 2005: 7279 yd 
* 2000: 7115 yd
* 1995: 6933 yd   
* 1990: 6933 yd   
* 1984: 6933 yd

* 1978: 6933 yd
* 1970: 6957 yd   
* 1964: 6926 yd
* 1960: 6936 yd
* 1955: 6936 yd}}
Question:
Which golfer won his second major title when he won the 2015 Open Championship?
Answer:
Zach Johnson (golfer)
Passage:
Reuben and Rose Mattus
Reuben and Rose Mattus are American Jewish entrepreneurs who founded the Häagen-Dazs ice cream business. 

Biography

Rose Vesel Mattus (born November 23, 1916) was born in Manchester, United Kingdom as Rose Vesel to Jewish parents who had emigrated from Poland. They made theatrical costumes and briefly moved to Belfast with a theatre company and emigrated to New York as steerage passengers on board the SS Berengaria in October 1921 when Rose was five years old.

Reuben Mattus (Born 1912) was born in Poland of Jewish parents. He arrived at the Port of New York on the S.S Vestris with his widowed mother Lea on March 5, 1921, several months before Rose Vesel. He started in the ice cream business as a child of 10, joining his uncle who was in the Italian lemon-ice business in Brooklyn, helping his mother squeeze lemons for the ices. By the late 1920s, the family began making ice pops, and by 1929 chocolate-covered ice cream bars and sandwiches under the name Senator Frozen Products, selling them from a horse-drawn wagon in The Bronx.

Rose and Reuben met in Brownsville, Brooklyn, New York. After finishing high school, Rose went to work as a book-keeper at the Senator plant in 1934, and the two married in 1936.  Reuben consulted some books and started to make a new heavy kind of ice cream. In 1959, he decided to form a new ice cream company with a foreign sounding name. He invented the Danish sounding 'Häagen-Dazs' as a tribute to Denmark's exemplary treatment of its Jews during the Second World War, adding an umlaut which does not exist in Danish, and even put a map of Denmark on the carton.

From its launch in 1961, the ice cream was made using cream and natural ingredients for the flavorings, in contrast with competing brands which used often artificial ingredients. It was high in butterfat and had less air, which, according to Rose Mattus' autobiography, was the result of a factory accident, when the air injection pump broke.  Reuben developed the flavors and Rose marketed the product. Her first marketing ploy was to dress up elegantly – in keeping with the upmarket positioning of the brand – and give away free samples at local grocers.  Another part of her strategy was to market the brand to university students, and she made certain that ice cream parlors near New York University in Greenwich Village carried Häagen-Dazs. The brand, which grew only slowly through the 1960s, was at first distributed nationally by Greyhound Bus deliveries to college towns. By 1973, it was sold throughout the United States, and in 1976 the first Häagen-Dazs store opened in Brooklyn. 

The business was sold to the Pillsbury Company in 1983 for $70 million. The Mattuses were kept on as consultants after the sale until Pillsbury was bought by Grand Metropolitan. After this, they launched the Mattus Ice Cream Company in 1992, this time specializing in low-fat products, calling them Mattus' Lowfat Ice Cream.  Häagen-Dazs are now owned by Nestlé.

Personal life

The Mattuses lived in Cresskill, New Jersey.They are known as supporters of Israel, founding a school of high technology in Herzliya which bears their name,  and supporting the Israeli settlements. They are also staunch admirers of Rabbi Meir Kahane.  They have two daughters: Doris Hurley and Natalie Salmore and five grandchildren.

Publication
Question:
Reuben and Rose Mattus established which American ice cream in 1961?
Answer:
Haagen Dasz
Passage:
How many rows of whiskers do cats have? - experts123.com
How many rows of whiskers do cats have?
How many rows of whiskers do cats have?
1 Answer
0
• Well, lets see. I examined my three cats this morning and counted carefully (which is something that i suppose you could have done with your own cat just easily as i did with mine). I found four clearly defined rows of whiskers on each side of their faces. I also noticed a few smaller and very fine whiskers emerging somewhat randomly below the bottom row. So i guess i'll say the answer to this question is four and a half. Keep in mind though that all my cats are basic domestic short-hair mixed breed (mutts) and may not be representative of all the different breeds in existance. Find a friendly neighborhood cat and check for yourself. How long are a cat's whiskers? • As noted in the answer about the purpose of whiskers, the whiskers tend to be just long enough to reach out as far as the cat's body is wide. Larger and fatter cats will usually have longer whiskers than smaller skinnier cats. • This isn't always true though. Old whiskers will fall out to make room for new replacements. ... more
chienworks.com
Question:
How many rows of whiskers, on each side, does a cat usually have?
Answer:
Four
Passage:
So, we'll go no more a roving
"So, we'll go no more a roving" is a poem, written by (George Gordon) Lord Byron (1788–1824), and included in a letter to Thomas Moore on 28 February 1817.  Moore published the poem in 1830 as part of Letters and Journals of Lord Byron.

It evocatively describes the fatigue of age conquering the restlessness of youth. Byron wrote the poem at the age of twenty-nine.

In the letter to Thomas Moore, the poem is preceded by an account of its genesis. "At present, I am on the invalid regimen myself. The Carnival--that is, the latter part of it, and sitting up late o' nights--had knocked me up a little. But it is over--and it is now Lent, with all its abstinence and sacred music... Though I did not dissipate much upon the whole, yet I find 'the sword wearing out the scabbard,' though I have but just turned the corner of twenty nine." 

The poem seems to have been suggested in part by the refrain of a Scottish song known as "The Jolly Beggar." The Jolly Beggar was published in Herd's "Scots Songs" in 1776, 41 years before Byron's letter, and goes partially thus:

He took the lassie in his arms, and to bed he ran,
O hooly, hooly wi' me, Sir, ye'll waken our goodman!
And we'll go no more a roving
Sae late into the night,
And we'll gang nae mair a roving, boys,
Let the moon shine ne'er sae bright.
And we'll gang nae mair a roving.

There is also the traditional sea shanty "The Maid of Amsterdam," which includes verses and chorus such as: 

She placed her hand upon my knee,
Mark well what I do say!
She placed her hand upon my knee,
I said "Young miss, you're rather free."
I'll go no more a roving with you fair maid!

A rovin', a rovin',
Since rovin's been my ru-i-in, 
I'll go no more a roving 
With you fair maid! 

Here is (George Gordon) Lord Byron's poem :

So, we'll go no more a-roving
So late into the night,	 
Though the heart be still as loving,
And the moon be still as bright.	

For the sword outwears its sheath,
And the soul wears out the breast,
And the heart must pause to breathe,
And love itself have rest.

Though the night was made for loving,	 
And the day returns too soon,	  
Yet we'll go no more a-roving	 
By the light of the moon.	 
 

The poem appears as "Go No More A-Roving" on the 2004 Leonard Cohen album, Dear Heather. It has been recorded by Ariella Uliano on her 2009 album 'A.U. (almost) a Compilation'. It was also recorded by Joan Baez on her 1964 Joan Baez/5 album, and by Mike Westbrook on his 1998 The Orchestra of Smith's Academy album.  Richard Dyer-Bennet recorded his own setting, with slightly altered text, on the 1955 album "Richard Dyer-Bennet 1".  The poem is also a centerpiece of "...And The Moon Be Still As Bright" from Ray Bradbury's novel, The Martian Chronicles.

The poem also serves as a basis for the chorus of the song "The Jolly Beggar" as recorded by the traditional Irish band Planxty, as well as the basis for the love leitmotif in Patrick Doyle's score for the film Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, where it is fully realized in the track, "The Wedding Night".

Martin Best wrote a setting of it for the Royal Shakespeare Company's touring recital "Pleasure and Repentance" (devised by Terry Hands and the company)) in the 1970s.

The poem is also featured in John Wyndham's seminal post-holocaust book, The Day of the Triffids, where it occurs when a blinded pianist commits suicide.

Also featured in the Paul Thomas Anderson film The Master.
Question:
Which poet wrote the 1817 poem 'So We'll Go No More A-Roving'?
Answer:
6th Lord Byron
