Passage:
Coven
A coven or covan usually refers to a gathering of witches. The word "coven" remained largely unused in English until 1921 when Margaret Murray promoted the idea, now much disputed, that all witches across Europe met in groups of thirteen which they called "covens."  

Neopaganism

In Wicca and other similar forms of modern neopagan witchcraft, such as Stregheria and Feri, a coven is a gathering or community of witches, much like a congregation in Christian parlance. It is composed of a group of believers who gather together for ceremonies of worship such as Drawing Down the Moon, or celebrating the Sabbats.
The number of persons involved may vary. Although thirteen is considered ideal (probably in deference to Murray's theories), any group of at least three can be a coven. A group of two is usually called a "working couple" (regardless of their sexes). Within the community, many believe that a coven larger than thirteen is unwieldy, citing unwieldy group dynamics and an unfair burden on the leadership.  When a coven has grown too large to be manageable, it may split, or "hive". In Wicca this may also occur when a newly made High Priest or High Priestess, also called 3rd Degree ordination, leaves to start their own coven.
Wiccan covens are usually jointly led by a High Priestess and a High Priest, though some are led by only one or the other. In more recent forms of neopagan witchcraft, covens are sometimes run as democracies with a rotating leadership.

Online covens

With the rise of the internet as a platform for collaborative discussion and media dissemination, it became popular for adherents and practitioners of Wicca to establish (often paid subscription-based) "online covens" which remotely teach tradition-specific crafts to students in a similar method of education as non-religious virtual online schools.

One of the first online covens to take this route is the Coven of the Far Flung Net, which was established in 1998 as the online arm of the Church of Universal Eclectic Wicca.

However, because of potentially-unwieldy membership sizes, many online covens limit their memberships to anywhere between 10 and 100 students. The CFFN, in particular, tried to devolve its structure into a system of sub-coven clans (which governed their own application processes), a system which ended in 2003 due to fears by the CFFN leadership that the clans were becoming communities in their own right.

Usage in literature and popular culture 

In fantasy stories and popular culture, a coven is a gathering of witches to work spells in tandem.  Such imagery can be traced back to Renaissance prints depicting witches and to the three "weird sisters" in Shakespeare's Macbeth. Orgiastic meetings of witches are also depicted in the Robert Burns poem "Tam o' Shanter" and in the Goethe play Faust. Movies featuring covens include Suspiria, Rosemary's Baby, Four Rooms, The Covenant, Underworld, Underworld: Evolution, The Craft, Coven, Paranormal Activity 3 and  The Witch.

In television, covens have been portrayed in U.S. supernatural dramas Charmed, Witches of East End, The Originals, The Secret Circle and True Blood. In the 1967 Star Trek original series episode "Catspaw", three witches appeared as illusions and acted in unison to voice a warning to Kirk and the landing party to leave the planet. The third season of American Horror Story is titled Coven and focuses on witches.

In novels such as The Vampire Chronicles by Anne Rice and the Twilight series by Stephenie Meyer, covens are families or unrelated groups of vampires who live together.
Question:
What is a group of witches called?
Answer:
Coven
Passage:
Johanna Spyri
Johanna Louise Spyri (née Heusser) (; 12 June 1827 – 7 July 1901) was a Swiss-born author of novels, notably children's stories, and is best known for her book Heidi. Born  in the rural area of Hirzel, Switzerland, as a child she spent several summers in the area around Chur in Graubünden, the setting she later would use in her novels.

Biography

In 1852, Johanna Heusser married Bernhard Spyri. Bernhard was a lawyer. While living in the city of Zürich she began to write about life in the country. Her first story, A Note on Vrony's Grave, which deals with a woman's life of domestic violence, was published in 1880; the following year further stories for both adults and children appeared, among them the novel Heidi, which she wrote in four weeks. Heidi is the story of an orphan girl who lives with her grandfather in the Swiss Alps, and is famous for its vivid portrayal of that landscape.

Her husband and her only child, named Bernard, both died in 1884. Alone, she devoted herself to charitable causes and wrote over fifty more stories before her death in 1901. She was interred in the family plot at the Sihlfeld-A Cemetery in Zürich. An icon in Switzerland, Spyri's portrait was placed on a postage stamp in 1951 and on a 20 CHF commemorative coin in 2009.

In April 2010 a professor searching for children's illustrations found a book written in 1830 by a German history teacher, Hermann Adam von Kamp, that Johanna may have used as a basis for Heidi. The 1830 story is titled Adelheide - das Mädchen vom Alpengebirge—translated, "Adelaide, the girl from the Alps". The two stories share many similarities in plot line and imagery. Spyri biographer Regine Schindler said it was entirely possible that Johanna may have been familiar with the story as she grew up in a literate household with many books.[http://www.3sat.de/dynamic/sitegen/bin/sitegen.php?tab
2&source=/kulturzeit/themen/143450/index.html Ur-Heidi aus dem Ruhrpott. Ist Johanna Spyris Alpengeschichte geklaut?]

The following is a list of her main books:

*Heidi (1880) 
*Cornelli (1892)
*Erick and Sally (1921)
*Gritli's Children (1885)
*Mäzli (1921) 
*Moni the Goat-Boy (1897) 
*Rico and Wiseli (1885)
*The Story of Rico (1882) 
*Toni, the Little Woodcarver (1920)
*Uncle Titus and His Visit to the Country (1913)
*Veronica And Other Friends (1886)
*What Sami Sings with the Birds (1917)

Her books were originally written in German. The translations into English at the end of the 19th century, or the early 1900s, mention H. A. Melcon (1839-1910), Marie Louise Kirk (1860-1936), Emma Stelter Hopkins, Louise Brooks, Helen B. Dole and the couple Charles Wharton Stork and Elisabeth P. Stork.
Question:
What was the name of the little girl in the popular children's novel by Johanna Spyri?
Answer:
Heidi.
Passage:
Garigliano
The Garigliano is a river in central Italy.

It forms at the confluence of the rivers Gari (also known as the Rapido) and Liri. Garigliano is actually a deformation of "Gari-Lirano" (which in Italian means something like "Gari from the Liri"). In ancient times the whole course of the Liri and Gagliano was known as the Liris.

For the most part of its 40 km length, the Garigliano River marks the border between the Italian regions of Lazio and Campania. In medieval times, the river (then known as the Verde) marked the southern border of the Papal States.

Historical significance

In the 9th and early 10th centuries a band of Arabs established themselves on the banks of the Garigliano, from where they launched frequent raids on Campania and central Italy. In 915 a coalition of the pope, the Byzantines, Franks, Lombards, and Naples defeated the Garigliano Arabs in the Battle of Garigliano.

In 1503 Spanish and French forces fought another battle of Garigliano, in which Piero II de' Medici was drowned, thus control of the Medici family passed to Giovanni de' Medici, later Pope Leo X. The bigger French Army was practically destroyed at little cost to the Spanish, with the remnants later surrendering at Gaeta.

During the Italian Campaign of World War II, the Liri-Gari-Garigliano rivers stood at the centre of a system of German defensive lines (the most famous of which is the Gustav Line) around which the battle of Monte Cassino took place in 1943-1944. Rumours tell that the waters of the river ran red in the Cassino area during the famous battle, because of the blood of the many corpses of soldiers.

Nuclear power plant 

From 1959 until 1982 there has been a BWR nuclear power plant named Garigliano near the town Sessa Aurunca.
Question:
What was the name of the line of fortification that ran across Italy during World War II from just north of where the Garigliano River flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea in the west, through the Apennine Mountains to the mouth of the Sangro River on the Adriatic coast in the east via Monte Cassino and Monte Cairo?
Answer:
Winter Line
Passage:
National Rail Enquiries - Station facilities for ...
National Rail Enquiries - Station facilities for Warrington Bank Quay
Yes
PlusBike (cycle hire)
Brompton Bike Hire is available at the station.  They have two tariffs to chose from; frequent and leisure.  Each has an annual membership fee and a daily hire charge.  Please  click here  for more information.
Car Park
Warrington Bank Quay Car Park 1 - Parker Street
Operator
Question:
WBQ is the National Rail code for which station in the North West?
Answer:
Warrington Bank Quay railway station
