Passage:
Angus T. Jones Apologizes for Blasting Two and a Half Men ...
Angus T. Jones Apologizes for Blasting Two and a Half Men - Today's News: Our Take | TVGuide.com
Angus T. Jones Apologizes for Blasting Two and a Half Men
by Kate Stanhope  | Nov 27, 2012 9:04 PM EST
Share on Facebook
Share on WhatsApp
Angus T Jones
One day after calling Two and a Half Men "filth" and urging viewers not to watch, Angus T. Jones issued lengthy apology to the show's creator, producers, cast and crew.
In the statement, obtained by Deadline , Jones doesn't retract his comments about the quality of the show, but apologizes if his comments conveyed "indifference" and/or "disrespect" against those involved with the show. "I grew up around them and know that the time they spent with me was in many instances more than with their own families," he said. "I learned life lessons from so many of them and will never forget how much positive impact they have had on my life."
Angus T. Jones calls Two and a Half Men "Filth," urges viewers to stop watching
Jones also said he regretted that his comments depicted a "lack of appreciation" for  the "extraordinary opportunity" of Two and a Half Men. He also thanked creator Chuck Lorre, Warner Bros. head Peter Roth and all of Warner Bros. and CBS.
CBS and Warner Bros. have not issued a statement on Jones' comments, which went public in a YouTube video posted on Monday as part of a taped testimonial for the religious organization Forerunner Chronicles. "If you watch Two and a Half Men, please stop watching Two and a Half Men," Jones says in the clip. "I'm on Two and a Half Men and I don't want to be on it. Please stop watching it. Please stop filling your head with filth."
See other child stars gone bad
Read Jones' full statement below:
I have been the subject of much discussion, speculation and commentary over the past 24 hours. While I cannot address everything that has been said or right every misstatement or misunderstanding, there is one thing I want to make clear. Without qualification, I am grateful to and have the highest regard and respect for all of the wonderful people on Two and Half Men with whom I have worked over the past ten years and who have become an extension of my family.
Chuck Lorre, Peter Roth and many others at Warner Bros. and CBS are responsible for what has been one of the most significant experiences in my life to date.  I thank them for the opportunity they have given and continue to give me and the help and guidance I have and expect to continue to receive from them. I also want all of the crew and cast on our show to know how much I personally care for them and appreciate their support, guidance and love over the years.  I grew up around them and know that the time they spent with me was in many instances more than with their own families.  I learned life lessons from so many of them and will never forget how much positive impact they have had on my life.
I apologize if my remarks reflect me showing indifference to and disrespect of my colleagues and a lack of appreciation of the extraordinary opportunity of which I have been blessed.  I never intended that.
What do you think of Jones' apology?
Question:
Angus Jones apologised for urging viewers not to watch which TV show in which he stars?
Answer:
2 + 1/2 men
Passage:
Shanghai to Stage A1 Grand Prix Finale - china.org.cn
Shanghai to Stage A1 Grand Prix Finale
China Suppliers
Shanghai to Stage A1 Grand Prix Finale
Shanghai International Circuit Company, A1Grand Prix Co Ltd China and the Grand Prix organization told a press conference in Durban, South Africa, on Tuesday that Shanghai has been selected to host the China round of the A1 Grand Prix on April 2.
"Although it's the first time we set up a team to represent China at A1 GP events, lacking experience and technology, we'll do our utmost to compete at the China stage." said Liu Yu, CEO of A1Grand Prix Co Ltd China and head of the China Team.
The Shanghai leg will be the finale of the 12-race A1 GP, dubbed the World Cup of motor sports, and will bring racers from 23 countries to compete at the Shanghai International Circuit, where the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix has been held in the past two years.
The A1 China Team was founded on April 6. Five months later, 20-year-old driver Jiang Tengyi finished 12th at Brands Hatch in the UK, the first stage of this year's A1 Grand Prix.
With the popularity of F1 in China, drawing 2.6 million and 2.7 million of spectators in 2004 and 2005 respectively, officials from the China Autosports Federation (FASC) and A1 Grand Prix are optimistic that A1 will also be a huge hit.
Yu Zhifei, deputy general manager of Shanghai International Circuit Company said the 2006 Shanghai race is expected to attract more than 300,000 spectators.
"The series will start in the autumn and winter when F1 is idle. And there are no other serious motor sports events taking place from December to March. It is a chance for A1 to fill in this period and offer the fans another big motor sports party," said Shi Tianshu, FASC president.
More importantly, unlike F1, MotoGP and V8, the A1 GP has its Chinese shareholders, which means China has more influence on A1 decision making with more commercial benefits.
The China leg of the F1 GP series will take place on October 1 next year, prior to Japan (October 8) and Brazil, which has moved from a late September slot to season finale, a position previously held by Shanghai.
(China.org.cn by Li Xiao December 8, 2005)
Question:
The first Chinese round of what international series was first held in 2004, in Shanghai?
Answer:
Formula One Grand Prix (disambiguation)
Passage:
Queen of Puddings
Queen of Puddings is a traditional British dessert, consisting of a baked, breadcrumb-thickened mixture, spread with jam and topped with meringue.  Similar recipes are called Monmouth Pudding and Manchester Pudding.

History

Variant forms of puddings made with breadcrumbs boiled with milk can be found dating back to the seventeenth century. The Closet Opened was posthumously published in 1699 by a servant and his son and in it Sir Kenelm Digby talks of many puddings including one that involves soaking bread in milk.  There was a whole variety of puddings that could be made using the remains of some bread and some warm milk.  A Monmouth Pudding is said to consist of layers of meringue, jam or seasonal fruit and bread soaked in milk, whilst Manchester Pudding is similar but contains egg yolks (but some have speculated that this name was just a synonym for the Queen of Puddings). Typical recipes for modern Queen of Puddings can be found in many post-war British cookbooks, such as those of Marguerite Patten, Delia Smith  and Jane Grigson.

Generic method

Milk and lemon zest are heated to boiling in a saucepan. Sugar, butter and breadcrumbs are mixed into the hot milk, which is allowed to cool. Egg yolks and a whole egg are beaten into this mixture, which is transferred into a deep pie dish then baked in a bain-marie until set.

The firm, brownish base is then spread with jam — usually raspberry or blackcurrant — and a meringue mix made from the reserved egg whites is spooned over the jam. The pudding is returned to the oven and baked until the  meringue is golden, but still soft. The pudding is eaten hot.
Question:
The traditional Queen of Puddings dessert typically comprises a bread/egg/jam base topped with what
Answer:
Meringue cake
Passage:
Chelsea Headhunters
The Chelsea Headhunters were an English football hooligan firm linked to the London football club Chelsea. 

Background

There was widespread racism amongst the gang and links to various white supremacist organisations, such as Combat 18 and the National Front. The gang also became affiliated with Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary organisations, such as the Ulster Defence Association and Ulster Volunteer Force.

They were infiltrated by investigative reporter Donal MacIntyre for a documentary screened on the BBC on 9 November 1999, in which MacIntyre posed as a wannabe-member of the Chelsea Headhunters. He had a Chelsea tattoo applied to himself for authenticity, although the hardcore were surprised he chose the hated "Millwall lion" badge rather than the 1960s Chelsea erect lion one. He confirmed the racism in the Headhunters and their links to Combat 18, including one top-ranking member who had been imprisoned on one occasion for possession of material related to the Ku Klux Klan.  The programme led to arrests and several convictions. One member of the Headhunters, Jason Marriner who was convicted and sent to prison as a result of the show, has since written a book, "Stitch-Up For a Blue Sole", claiming to have been set up by MacIntyre and the BBC. He claims that footage was manipulated, 'incidents' were manufactured and they were convicted despite having no footage of them committing crimes. 

Nick Love's film The Football Factory presented the Headhunters in a fictionalized account.  The film focuses mainly on the firm's violent rivalry with the Millwall Bushwackers. Jason Marriner was the subject of a DVD release 'Jason Marriner - Football Hooligan' directed by Liam Galvin (Gangster Toy Videos).

Kevin Whitton, a high-profile member of the firm, was sentenced to life imprisonment on 8 November 1985 for violent assault after being found guilty of involvement in an attack on a pub on Kings Road. After Chelsea lost a match, Whitton and other hooligans stormed into the pub, chanting "War! War! War!". When they left a few minutes later, with one of them shouting, "You bloody Americans! Coming here taking our jobs", the bar's American manager, 29-year-old Neil Hansen, was lying on the floor, close to death.  Whitton's sentence was cut to three years on appeal on 19 May 1986.  The fan responsible for the actual assault, Wandsworth man Terence Matthews (aged 25 at the time), was arrested shortly after Whitton's conviction and remanded in custody to await trial. He was found guilty of taking part in the violence on 13 October 1986 and sentenced to four years in prison.  Matthews came to the public attention again in June 2002 when he and his 21-year-old son William received two-year prison sentences after they and another man were convicted of assaulting two police officers in Morden, Surrey. 

A more recent incident involving the Headhunters occurred on 13 February 2010, when members of the firm clashed with the Cardiff City Soul Crew at the FA Cup fifth-round tie at Stamford Bridge. On 25 March 2011, 24 people were convicted of taking part in the violence, which resulted in several people being injured (including a police officer whose jaw was broken) at Isleworth Crown Court. All of those convicted received banning orders from all football grounds in England and Wales ranging from three years to eight years. Eighteen of them received prison sentences of up to two years. 

Headhunters were involved in disturbances in Paris before a UEFA Champions League quarter final between Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea on 2 April 2014. Around 300 hooligans were involved in pre-planned violence around the city, with hardcore hooligans having avoided police detection by entering France via Belgium.  

Allies 

In 2000, Chelsea Headhunters formed a temporary alliance with other British hooligans supporting Linfield F.C., Cardiff City, Swansea City and Leeds United led by Arsenal's firm, The Herd, to attack Galatasaray fans in Copenhagen and Heysel Stadium as part of revenge for the 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final stabbing of two Leeds United fans by a Galatasaray fan. Other allies were supporters of Lazio and Hellas Verona.  Chelsea Headhunters 'top boy' ('top' indicating his position within the hierarchy of the hooligan gang) Jason Marriner also appears on a photo alongside Linfield hooligan Randy Ollins in Blaney's autobiography The Undesirables with a caption by Blaney commending the Headhunters on being one of the top firms, indicating a mutual respect between the Headhunters and Manchester United's Inter City Jibbers firm.
Question:
'The Headhunters' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?
Answer:
Chelsy
