Passage:
History of canals in Great Britain - London Canal Museum
History of canals in Great Britain
Home > History > Canals in Britain
In the history of canals, Britain was not a pioneer. The Chinese can     claim that the Grand Canal of China was one of the first, in the tenth century,     although even earlier examples existed in that country. The earliest canals     were connected with natural rivers, either as short extensions or improvements     to them. The difference between a natural river, and a wholly man-made canal is     clear, but in between are many variations of river improvement and extension so     it is therefore difficult to be precise about which navigation can claim to be     the first canal! The familiar pound lock which is in use today in Britain is     said to have been invented by Chhiao Wei-Yo, in the year 983, in China,     although the mitre gate, an important part of the canal lock today, is credited     to Leonardo Da Vinci.n (1452 - 1519)
In Britain the Romans built the Fossdyke from     Lincoln to the River Trent , for drainage and for navigation and also the Caer     Dyke around AD 50. A notable waterway completed in 1566 was the Exeter Canal     which bypassed part of a river to make navigation easier. This had the first     pound locks in Britain, equipped with lifting, vertical gates. The mitre gate,     which has V shaped gates held together by the water pressure, was introduced in     this country on the River Lee, at Waltham Abbey. Some other early British     canals are an improved section of the River Welland in Lincolnshire, built in     1670, and the Stroudwater Navigation, in Gloucestershire, built 1775 - 1779 and     the Sankey Canal in Lancashire, opened in stages, 1757 - 1773.
The great age of canal building started with the construction of the     Bridgewater Canal. This pioneering waterway is nowhere near the town of     Bridgwater but was the initiative of the third Duke of Bridgewater, pictured     left (image coutesy of The National     Trust ). A well educated young man, the Duke had visited a great early     French navigation, the Canal du Midi, 150 miles long, which had been completed     in 1681. The Duke owned coal mines at Worsley, north west of Manchester, a big     city with an appetite for coal. The Duke made plans together with John Gilbert,     one of his estate managers, and they brought in the engineer James Brindley     (1716 - 1772) who had previously built a reputation working on mills, water     wheels etc. The enabling Act was passed in 1759 and there were further Acts of     Parliament to amend and extend the scheme. Completed in 1776 the Bridgewater     Canal was the catalyst that started half a century of canal building. Brindley     had built an aqueduct which was regarded as a remarkable achievement, and there     were tunnels right into the mines at Worsley where the coal was loaded. The     price of coal in Manchester fell as the new means of transport made cheap     deliveries possible.
Next there followed a number of long distance navigations, with     Brindley as the leading canal engineer of his time. He largely built the     so-called "Grand Cross" of canals which linked the four great river basins of     Britain, the Severn, Mersey, Humber, and the Thames, the latter being reached     from 1790 via the Oxford Canal, lengthy route to London from the north. There     were two concentrated periods of canal building, from 1759 to the early 1770's     and from 1789 to almost the end of the eighteenth century. The American War of     Independence separated the two periods. London and the south east did not     feature much in the first period. Canals were built to serve the heavy industry     of the north and midlands and whilst London had industry and the country's     major port, it did not have coal mines and the surrounding south east of     England was mainly agricultural.
It was not until 1793 that an Act was passed to authorise the Grand     Junction Canal from Braunston on the Oxford Canal, to Brentford on the river     Thames west of London. London was not joined directly to the national canal     network until 1801 with the opening of the Paddington Arm of the Grand Junction     Canal.
Some Useful Links for Further Reading
Leonardo Da Vinci     National Museum of Science and Technology , Milan for more about Da Vinci     and his invention of the type of lock known in the UK as a mitre lock.
Leonardo Museum,     Vinci, Italy , for further references to Da Vinci's life and work
Question:
The Fossdyke was possibly the first to be built in Britain – what was it?
Answer:
Canal
Passage:
Sadie Hawkins Day
Sadie Hawkins Day is an American folk event and pseudo-holiday originated by Al Capp's classic hillbilly comic strip Li'l Abner (1934–1978). This inspired real-world Sadie Hawkins events, the premise of which is that females ask males for a date or dancing.

Original story

In Li'l Abner, Sadie Hawkins was the daughter of one of Dogpatch's earliest settlers, Hekzebiah Hawkins. The "homeliest gal in all them hills," she grew frantic waiting for suitors. When she reached the age of 35, still a spinster, her father was worried about Sadie living at home for the rest of her life. In desperation, he called together all the unmarried men of Dogpatch and declared it "Sadie Hawkins Day". A foot race was decreed, with Sadie pursuing the town's eligible bachelors. She was specifically interested in a handsome boy named Adam Olis who was already in a courtship with a cute girl, Theresa, whose father was the area's largest potato farmer, Bill Richmand, and, unlike Sadie, had a number of courtship offers. Adam was invited to the race  because Miss Theresa and Adam weren't actually engaged. With matrimony as the (absurd) consequence of losing the foot race, the bachelors of the town were running for their freedom. Adam Olis scored fourth place out of 10, leaving John Jonston as Sadie's prize. It is possible that the concept's origins are in an inversion of the myth of Atalanta, who, reluctant to marry, agreed to wed whoever could outrun her in a footrace.

 The town spinsters decided that this was a good idea, so they made Sadie Hawkins Day a mandatory yearly event, much to the chagrin of Dogpatch's bachelors. If a woman caught a bachelor and dragged him, kicking and screaming, across the finish line before sundown, by law he had to marry her.

Sadie Hawkins Day was first mentioned in the November 15, 1937 Li'l Abner daily comic strip, with the race actually being depicted between November 19 and November 30. It would prove to be an annual feature of Li'l Abner. (see Schreiner, Dave; "Sadie's First Run", Li'l Abner Dailies Volume 3: 1937, Kitchen Sink Press, Princeton, WI, p. 8.)

(See also: Leap year for discussion of a similar tradition of "allowing" women to propose marriage on February 29.)

In popular culture

During 1939, only two years after its inauguration, a double-page spread in Life magazine proclaimed, "On Sadie Hawkins Day, Girls Chase Boys in 201 Colleges" and printed pictures from Texas Wesleyan. Capp originally created it as a comic plot device, but by the early 1940s the comic strip event had acquired a life of its own. By 1952, Sadie Hawkins Day was reportedly celebrated at 40,000 known venues. It became a day-long event observed in the United States on the first Saturday after November 9.

The practical basis of a real Sadie Hawkins Day is one of simple traditional gender role-reversal. Women and girls take the initiative by inviting the man or boy of their choice out on a date—- rare before 1937—- typically to a dance attended by other bachelors and their assertive dates. When Capp created the event, it wasn't his intention to have it occur annually on a specific date because it inhibited his plotting. However, due to its enormous popularity and the numerous fan letters he received, Capp obligingly made it a tradition in the strip every November, lasting four decades.

According to the Old Farmer's Almanac, Sadie Hawkins Day has long been celebrated on November 15 of every year.
Question:
Sadie Hawkins Day, usually celebrated in the US on 29th February, is named after a character in which Al Capp comic strip?
Answer:
Bald Iggles
Passage:
Lions 100: The greatest players to have toured with the ...
Lions 100: The greatest players to have toured with the British & Irish Lions: Rugby Union - Telegraph
First 15s: Full-backs JPR Williams (left) and Gavin Hastings Photo: COLORSPORT / GETTY IMAGES
 
Wing command: Jason Robinson (left) and Ieuan Evans Photo: EPA / GETTY IMAGES
 
Midfield maestros: Jeremy Guscott (left) and Mike Gibson Photo: GETTY IMAGES
 
Welsh wizards: Fly-halves Barry John (left) and Phill Bennett Photo: GETTY IMAGES
 
Prop idols: Graham Price (left) and Tom Smith Photo: COLORSPORT / GETTY IMAGES
 
Pack leaders: hookers Keith Wood (left) and Brian Moore Photo: GETTY IMAGES
 
Key locks: Martin Johnson (left) and Gordon Brown Photo: AP / GETTY IMAGES
Question:
Who is the only player to have captained the British Lions Rugby Union team on two tours?
Answer:
Martin Johnson
Passage:
East Thrace
East Thrace or Eastern Thrace ( or simply Trakya; , Anatoliki Thraki; , Iztochna Trakiya), also known as Turkish Thrace or European Turkey, is the part of the modern Republic of Turkey that is geographically part of Southeast Europe.  The region holds significance as a region of historical importance, a major trading corridor, an economic and political powerhouse, and 
is currently geostrategic in that borders 5 nations major naval outlet to the Mediterranean Sea via two straits: Russia, Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, and Georgia.  The region also serves as a future connector of existing Turkish and European high speed rail networks.

Definition

East Thrace includes all in the eastern part of the historical region of Thrace. The area includes all the territories of the Turkish provinces of Edirne, Tekirdağ and Kırklareli, as well as those territories on the European Continent of the provinces of Çanakkale and Istanbul.

Climate

Due to the moderating effect of the surrounding seas, the climate tends to be Mediterranean in character.

Geography 

East Thrace has an area of 23,764 km2 (3 percent of the country) and a population of about 10 million people (about 12 percent of the total); the population density is around 430 people/km2, compared to about 80 people/km2 for Asiatic Turkey, which is also called Anatolia or Asia Minor.  However, densities are skewed by the metropolis of Istanbul.  The two are separated by the Dardanelles, the Bosphorus (collectively known as the Turkish Straits) and the Sea of Marmara, a route of about 361 km. The southernmost part of Eastern Thrace is called the Gallipoli peninsula. European Turkey is bordered on the west by Greece for 212 km and on the north by Bulgaria for 269 km, with the Aegean Sea to the south-west and the Black Sea to the north-east.  

*** Disclaimer: Sources may modify and/or release updated data, this will not be automatically reflected in these tables, additionally the refugee crisis' vast floating migrants have seriously complicated data collection, especially since 2013.  Estimates and Census use different methodology and are not directly comparable. Source: [http://www.citypopulation.de/php/turkey-admin.php Citypopulation.de] mirroring data from: State Institute of Statistics, Republic of Turkey (web).

History 

East Thrace was the setting for several important events in history and legend.

* The Greek myth of Hero and Leander takes place in the ancient city of Sestus.
* Aeneas founded the city of Aenus while trying to find new lands during his mythological conquests.
* After the death of Alexander the Great, in the period called the Diadochi, Alexander's general Lysimachus (360-281 BC) became  king of Thrace and established his capital in Lysimachia.
* Çimpe Castle was the first European territory held by the Ottoman Empire.
* Edirne was the second capital of the Ottoman Empire after Bursa.
* The Gallipoli Campaign, one of the most important of the First World War, was fought near the city of Gelibolu.

Image:Etty William Hero and Leander 1828.jpg|Hero and Leander
Image:LysimachusCoinWithHornedAlexander.jpg|Coin of Lysimachus
Image:Selimiye Mosque.png|Selimiye Mosque, Edirne
Image:V Beach Helles Gallipoli.jpg|Cape Helles during the Gallipoli Campaign

The destruction of the Thracian Bulgarians in 1913 and the population exchange between Greece and Turkey finally ethnically cleansed the Orthodox populations, although the Muslims were the dominant group at that moment. 

Prior to that the distribution of ethnoreligious groups in the local sanjaks was as follows:

The Muslim millet was recorded as Turkish, while the church members of the Ecumenical Patriarchate as Greek.

In the past century modern East Thrace was the main component of the territory of the Adrianople Vilayet, which excluded the Constantinople Vilayet, but included West Thrace and parts of the Rhodopes and Sakar. A publication from December 21, 1912 in the Belgian magazine Ons Volk Ontwaakt (‘Our Nation Awakes’) estimated 1,006,500 inhabitants in the vilayet:  
*Muslim Turks - 250,000
*Muslim Bulgarians - 115,000
*Muslim Roma people - 15,000
*Orthodox Armenians - 30,000
*Orthodox Greeks - 220,000
*Orthodox Bulgarians - 370,000
*Orthodox Albanians - 3,500
*Orthodox Turks - 3,000
Question:
Eastern Thrace refers to which part of Turkey?
Answer:
The European (disambiguation)
Passage:
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have | Poll ...
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have | Poll Everywhere
That's an interesting question!
Looks like a Poll Everywhere user asked an audience that very same question.
You can crowdsource answers, too! We'll walk you through the steps to turn this question into a live poll.
After that, you can ask any crowd, anywhere, anytime. Much more fun than asking Google.
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have
Poll responses are kept private
6
8
10
Ask your audience a question with the Poll Everywhere app
Step 2
Audience answers in real time using mobile phones, Twitter, or web browsers
Step 3
See your response live on the web or in a PowerPoint presentation
Still have questions?
Is Poll Everywhere free?
Yes! Free plans for K12 and Higher Ed educators include 40 responses per question, and the free business plan allows 25 responses per question. Paid plans allow more responses per question, along with premium features like moderation, post-event reporting, and a custom URL for your audience response page.
Is this legit?
Yup. We invented this live text/web polling bonanza back in 2007. Now over 60% of the Fortune 500 and 100,000 educators use Poll Everywhere to engage everyone. We process millions of audience responses every month.
Question:
How many lanes does an Olympic swimming pool have?
Answer:
10
Passage:
Latchkey kid
A latchkey kid or latchkey child is a child who returns from school to an empty home because their parent or parents are away at work, or a child who is often left at home with little parental supervision.

History of the term

The term refers to the latchkey of a door to a house. The key is often strung around the child's neck or left hidden under a mat (or some other object) at the rear door to the property. The term seems to first appear in a CBC radio program called "Discussion Club - Topic: How War Affects Canadian Children" in 1942,  due to the phenomenon of children being left home alone during World War II,  when the father would be enlisted into the armed forces and the mother would need to get a job. Given that the "Discussion Club" participants are all familiar with the term and allude to it being in colloquial usage, it likely predates 1942. In general, the term latchkey designates "those children between the ages of five and thirteen who care for themselves after the school day until their parents or guardians return home". 

More specifically for their purposes, the San Marino (CA) Public Library has defined a Library Latchkey Child as "one who on a regular basis is required by their parents or guardian to remain at the public library for extended periods of time after school in lieu of day care. 'Regular basis' is defined as three or more days per week. 'Extended period' is defined as two or more hours per day" (American Library Association 12). 

The term latchkey kid became commonplace to describe members of Generation X, who according to a 2004 marketing study, “went through its all-important, formative years as one of the least parented, least nurtured generations in U.S. history.”  Latchkey kids were prevalent during this time, a result of increased divorce rates and increased maternal participation in the workforce, at a time before childcare options outside the home were widely available.     These latchkey children, referred to as "day orphans" in the 1984 documentary, To Save Our Children to Save Our Schools, came predominately from middle or upper-class homes. The higher the educational attainment of the parents, the higher the odds the children of this time would be latchkey kids.  

Effects on children

The effects of being a latchkey child differ with age. Loneliness, boredom and fear are most common for those younger than 10 years of age. In the early teens, there is a greater susceptibility to peer pressure, potentially resulting in such behaviors as alcohol abuse, drug abuse, sexual promiscuity and smoking.   The behaviors might stem from "unspent energy, peer pressure to misbehave, or hostility because of the lack of appropriate adult attention".  However, some children can exude positive effects, such as an early development of self-reliance, adaptation to difficult situations, and a desire to contribute to a visible need in the household.

Socioeconomic status and length of time left alone can bring forth other negative effects. In one study, middle school students left home alone for more than three hours a day reported higher levels of behavioral problems, higher rates of depression, and lower levels of self-esteem than other students. 

Children from lower income families are associated with greater externalizing issues (such as conduct disorders and hyperactivity) and academic problems. This association was weaker for children from middle income families as compared to their supervised peers.  In 2000, a German PISA study found no significant differences in the scholastic performance between "latchkey kids" and kids in a "nuclear family". 

Positive effects of being a latchkey child include independence and self-reliance at a young age. Deborah Belle, author of The After-School Lives of Children: Alone and with Others While Parents Work suggests that being left home alone may be a better alternative to staying with baby-sitters or older siblings. 

Legal issues

The legality of the latchkey children's "alone time" varies with country, state and local area. In the United States, state and local laws typically do not specify any particular age under 18 when a child can be legally left without supervision. However, some states do have specific age restrictions.  

Parents can be held accountable by child welfare, child protective services organizations, or law enforcement if children come to harm while left without supervision if, in the opinion of the agency, the children's age or other considerations made such a choice inappropriate. Legal issues also continue to be important concerns for those who work in libraries. They worry about the potential liability should an unattended child be hurt, molested or abducted while at the facility. This issue becomes critical, particularly at closing time when "parents who are late picking up their children also create safety and possibly legal problems." 

Community calling programs

Some communities offer services through the police departments and community organizations to check in on latchkey kids. Calls can be made by community organizations or by volunteers. Automatic calling programs such as Call Reassurance  call households during the week after children arrive home and require the child to answer the phone and positively acknowledge that he or she is okay. If the call is not answered, automatic calls can likewise be sent to the parents, police, or other response centers.
Question:
The 1940s originating term 'Latchkey child/kid' refers to a child who is often?
Answer:
Home Alone House
Passage:
Becky Sharp
Becky Sharp is a 1935 American historical drama film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Miriam Hopkins. Other supporting cast were Frances Dee, Cedric Hardwicke, Billie Burke, Alison Skipworth, Nigel Bruce, and Alan Mowbray.

The film is based on the play of the same name by Langdon Mitchell, which in turn is based on William Makepeace Thackeray's novel Vanity Fair. The play was made famous in the late 1890s by actress Minnie Maddern Fiske. The screenplay was written by Francis Edward Faragoh. The film was considered a landmark in cinema as the first film to use the newly developed three-strip Technicolor production, opening the way for a growing number of color films to be made in Britain and the United States in the years leading up to World War II.

The film recounts the tale of a lower-class girl who insinuates herself into an upper-class family, only to see her life and the lives of those around her destroyed.

Plot

Becky Sharp (Miriam Hopkins), a socially ambitious English young lady manages to survive during the years following Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo.

In her efforts to advance herself, she manages to link up with a number of gentlemen: the Marquis of Steyne (Cedric Hardwicke), Joseph Sedley (Nigel Bruce), Rawdon Crawley (Alan Mowbray), and George Osborne (G. P. Huntley Jr).

She rises to the top of British society and becomes the scourge of the social circle, offending the other ladies such as Lady Bareacres (Billie Burke). Sharp falls into the humiliation of singing for her meals in a beer hall. But she never stays down for long.

Cast

* Miriam Hopkins as Becky Sharp
* Frances Dee as Amelia Sedley
* Cedric Hardwicke as Marquis of Steyne
* Billie Burke as Lady Bareacres
* Alison Skipworth as Miss Crawley
* Nigel Bruce as Joseph Sedley
* Alan Mowbray as Rawdon Crawley
* G.P. Huntley as George Osborne

* William Stack as Pitt Crawley
* George Hassell as Sir Pitt Crawley
* William Faversham as Duke of Wellington
* Charles Richman as Gen. Tufto
* Doris Lloyd as Duchess of Richmond
* Colin Tapley as Captain William Dobbin
* Leonard Mudie as Tarquin
* Charles Coleman as Bowles

Cast notes
*Pat Nixon – then Pat Ryan, later the wife of Richard Nixon and First Lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 – worked as a movie extra at this time, and can be seen in a walk-on during the ball scene.

Production

John Hay "Jock" Whitney and Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney formed Pioneer Pictures specifically to produce color films, and signed a contract to release Pioneer films through RKO Radio Pictures. After producing La Cucaracha, Becky Sharp, and Dancing Pirate (1936), the Whitneys and David O. Selznick formed Selznick International Pictures. Two Selznick International films, A Star Is Born and Nothing Sacred (both 1937), were produced by Selznick, copyrighted by Pioneer Pictures, and released through United Artists rather than RKO.

Lowell Sherman, the original director, had fallen ill while working on Night Life of the Gods before starting Becky Sharp, but had continued to work on the project; he finally died of double pneumonia four weeks into production on Sharp.

After Sherman's  death, Rouben Mamoulian was brought in to finish the film. Mamoulian would not use any of the footage shot by Sherman, deciding instead to reshoot the entire film.

Color development

Becky Sharp was the first feature film to use the three-strip Technicolor process, which created a separate film register for each of the three primary colors. 

Earlier live action films to use the new Technicolor process include the final musical number in the feature The Cat and the Fiddle released by MGM in February 1934, and in short sequences filmed for other movies made during 1934, including The House of Rothschild (Twentieth Century Pictures/United Artists) with George Arliss and Kid Millions (Samuel Goldwyn/United Artists) with Eddie Cantor. Warner Brothers released two Leon Errol shorts, Service With a Smile (July 28, 1934) and Good Morning, Eve! (September 22, 1934), and RKO Pictures released the short La Cucaracha (August 31, 1934).

Reception

Writing for The Spectator, Graham Greene raved that "colour is everything here" and characterizing its use in the film as "a triumph". Although Greene complained that the Technicolor "plays havoc with the women's faces", leveled criticism at Hopkins for her "indecisive acting", and noted that he had found the film's climax in Bath to be "absurd" and "silly", he described these minor complains as "ungrateful" and his overall impression was that the film gave "delight to the eye". 

Awards and honors

Wins
* Venice Film Festival: Best Color Film, Rouben Mamoulian; 1935.

Nominations
* Academy Awards: Best Actress in a Leading Role, Miriam Hopkins; 1935.
* Venice Film Festival: Mussolini Cup, Rouben Mamoulian; 1935.

Preservation status

For many years, the original three-color Technicolor version of the film was not available for viewing, though a 16 millimeter version was available. This version had been printed (poorly) on two-color Cinecolor stock which did not accurately reproduce the colors of the original film. The smaller film stock also resulted in a grainier, inferior image.

In the 1980s the UCLA Film and Television Archive restored the film, under the supervision of archivist Robert Gitt. Rouben Mamoulian appeared at the premiere of the restored print at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences theatre in Beverly Hills.
Question:
Becky Sharp is the heroine of which novel?
Answer:
Vanity fair (disambiguation)
Passage:
Noisette | Define Noisette at Dictionary.com
Noisette | Define Noisette at Dictionary.com
noisette
[nwah-zet; French nwa-zet] /nwɑˈzɛt; French nwaˈzɛt/
Spell
[nwah-zets; French nwa-zet] /nwɑˈzɛts; French nwaˈzɛt/ (Show IPA)
1.
a loin, fillet, or other lean section of meat:
an entrée of lamb noisettes.
Origin of noisette
Latin
1890-1895
1890-95; < French: a round, rather thick slice of fillet or loin of lamb or mutton, diminutive of noix choice part of a cut of meat, literally, nut, kernel < Latin nucem, accusative of nux; see -ette
Dictionary.com Unabridged
Question:
What is the name for small round pieces of lamb, or chocolates with hazelnuts?
Answer:
Noisett
Passage:
Gymnophobia
Gymnophobia is a fear (phobia) of nudity.  

Terminology

The term gymnophobia comes from the Greek γυμνός - gumnos, "naked"  and  φόβος - phobos, "fear".  A phobia that has a significant amount of overlap with gymnophobia is dishabiliophobia, which is the fear of undressing in front of others. 

Symptoms

Gymnophobics experience anxiety from nudity, even if they realize their fear is irrational. They may worry about seeing others naked, being seen naked, or both. Their fear may stem from a general anxiety about sexuality, from a fear that they are physically inferior, or from a fear that their nakedness leaves them exposed and unprotected.  

Gymnophobia should not be confused with avoidance or shunning of many forms of nudity on modesty or other rational or moral grounds. Many people avoid public nudity as well as nudity in private situations, and some have an aversion to nudity as an aspect of prudishness or body shame.  

Gymnophobia refers to an actual fear of nudity, but most sufferers with the condition learn how to function in general society despite the condition. They may, for example, avoid  changing rooms, washrooms, showers, and beaches. However, the condition can be regarded as an anxiety disorder if the person cannot control the phobia or it is interfering with their daily life.  Gymnophobia is common among children, especially those undergoing puberty. Child gymnophobia is common due to peer pressure, bullying, and a fear of exposing sexual organs.

Gymnophobia has been likened to the fictional condition "never-nude" portrayed in the comedy series Arrested Development.
Question:
What is gymnophobia the fear of?
Answer:
Starkers
Passage:
Louis Réard
Louis Réard (1897 – 16 September 1984) was a French automobile engineer and clothes designer. He is best known for launching a two-piece swimsuit in 1946, which he called the bikini. 

Launching the bikini

Réard was a mechanical engineer who had taken over his mother's lingerie business in about 1940  near Les Folies Bergères in Paris and became a clothes designer. While on St. Tropez beaches, he noticed women rolling up the edges of their swimsuits to get a better tan, which inspired him to design a swimsuit with the midriff exposed. 

In May 1946, Jacques Heim produced a two-piece swimsuit that he named the "Atome,"  which he advertised as the world's "smallest bathing suit".   The bottom of Heim's swimsuit was just large enough to cover the wearer's navel. To promote his new design, Heim hired skywriters to fly above the Mediterranean resort advertising the Atome as "the world’s smallest bathing suit."

Réard quickly produced his own swimsuit design which was a string bikini consisting of four triangles made from only 30 sqin of fabric printed with a newspaper pattern. When Réard sought a model to wear his design at its debut presentation, none of the usual models would wear the suit, so he hired 19-year-old nude dancer Micheline Bernardini  from the Casino de Paris to model it.  He introduced his new swimsuit, which he named the bikini, to the media and public in Paris on 5 July 1946  at Piscine Molitor, a popular public pool in Paris at the time.[http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history.do?actionVideoArticle&id
6949 Bikini Introduced], This Day in History, History Channel Not to be outdone by Heim, Réard hired his own skywriters to fly over the French Riviera advertising his design as "smaller than the smallest bathing suit in the world."

Two piece swimsuits had been available for at least since the 1930s, but Réard's bikini was controversial because for the first time the wearer's navel was exposed.

Marketing of the bikini

The bikini was a hit, especially among men, and Bernardini received some 50,000 fan letters. Heim's design was the first worn on the beach, but the genre of clothing was given its name by Réard. Réard's business soared, and in advertisements he kept the bikini mystique alive by declaring that a two-piece suit wasn't a genuine bikini "unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring."

As a further booster for sales, Réard commissioned renowned carbody specialist Chapron to build an extravagant "road yacht" by converting a Packard V8 car into a mock luxury cabin cruiser complete with cockpit, portholes, anchor, signal mast and other nautical regalia. The car (not an amphibian) went on advertising parades and followed the Tour de France cycliste in the early 50's, with a crew of bikini clad girls, causing quite a sensation in period parochial France.  

Later life

Réard afterwards opened a bikini shop in Paris and sold swimsuits for 40 years. In 1980, Réard moved with his wife, Marcelle Réard, from France to Lausanne, Switzerland. He died in Lausanne in 1984 at the age of 87. 

Notes
Question:
Which revealing item of clothing was invented by Louis Reard in 1946?
Answer:
Bikinis
Passage:
Piña colada
The piña colada (; , "pineapple," and , "strained") is a sweet cocktail made with rum, coconut cream or coconut milk, and pineapple juice, usually served either blended or shaken with ice. It may be garnished with either a pineapple wedge, a maraschino cherry, or both. The piña colada has been the national drink of Puerto Rico since 1978. 

Origin

The name piña colada literally means "strained pineapple", a reference to the freshly pressed and strained pineapple juice used in the drink's preparation.

Two bartenders from Puerto Rico won a contest for the ownership of their national drink. Ramón "Monchito" Marrero Pérez claims to have first made it at the Caribe Hilton Hotel's Beachcomber Bar in San Juan in 1954, using the then newly-available coco lópez cream of coconut. Coco lópez was developed in Puerto Rico in 1948 by Don Ramón López-Irizarry, hence the Puerto Rican connection and the 1952 account of the drink's creation. Some say the drink did not acquire its name until the 1960s.

The Caribe Hilton Hotel sits on a 17-acre peninsula outside San Juan and was the first luxury hotel to open in the region, becoming a popular destination for the rich and famous who helped spread word of the drink.

Ramón Portas Mingot also says he created it in 1963 at the Barrachina Restaurant, 104 Fortaleza Street, Old San Juan.  The restaurant stands by his claim to this day.

National Piña Colada Day is celebrated on the islands on 10 July.

History of the drink

The earliest known story states that in the 19th century, Puerto Rican pirate Roberto Cofresí, to boost his crew's morale, gave them a beverage or cocktail that contained coconut, pineapple and white rum.  This was what would be later known as the famous piña colada. With his death in 1825, the recipe for the piña colada was lost.

Ramón "Monchito" Marrero, a barman from the Caribe Hilton, claims to have created the Piña Colada in 1954, during his days as bartender at that resort. After three months of experimentation, Mr. Marrero finally settled upon the recipe for the Piña Colada, which he felt captured the true nature and essence of Puerto Rico. He continued to serve the drink at the Caribe Hilton for 35 years after its creation and was finally rewarded for his efforts in 1978 when Puerto Rico officially proclaimed the cocktail its national drink.

Caribe Hilton possesses two proclamations that state the hotel is the "Birthplace of the Piña Colada". One proclamation was given by Puerto Rico Governor Sila M. Calderón in 2000, and the other was given in 2014 by Governor Alejandro García Padilla as part of the Piña Colada 60th Anniversary celebrations.

The remodeled Caribe Hilton Bar, Caribar Rums & Light Bites, provides a new menu reflecting the Evolution of the Piña Colada, including a contemporary version: the Clear Colada.

Barrachina, a restaurant in Puerto Rico, also claims to be the birthplace of the piña colada:In 1963, on a trip to South America, Barrachina met another popular Spaniard and bartender Ramon Portas Mingot. Don Ramon has worked with the best places in Buenos Aires and associated with "Papillon" the most luxurious bar in Carcao and was also recognized for his cocktail recipe books. Pepe Barrachina and Don Ramon developed a great relationship. While working as the main bartender at Barrachina (a restaurant in Puerto Rico), Ramon mixed pineapple juice, coconut cream, condensed milk and ice in a blender, creating a delicious and refreshing drink, known today as the Piña Colada.

In popular culture

This cocktail gained fame in Puerto Rico from 1978, and it gained worldwide fame after Rupert Holmes released his 1979 song, "Escape (The Piña Colada Song)", which became a popular hit around the world.

Preparation

There are many recipes of how to make a piña colada but the one that his friends tell in the book of José L. Díaz de Villegas to be the original recipe created by Monchito, is the following:

Variations

Different proportions of the core ingredients, as well as different types of rum, may all be used in the piña colada. Frozen piña coladas are also served. Other named variations include:
* Amaretto colada – amaretto substituted for rum 
* Chi chi – with vodka in place of rum
* Lava Flow – strawberry daiquiri and piña colada blended together 
* Staten Island Ferry – Mailbu rum and pineapple juice, over ice
* Virgin piña colada or piñita colada – without the rum, thus non-alcoholic
* Kiwi Colada – with kiwifruit (fruit and syrup) in place of pineapple juice
* Variants of Blue Hawaii with creme of coconut differ from piña colada mainly by including also blue Curaçao.
Question:
The cocktail 'Pina Colada' is made by mixing White Rum with Pineapple juice, and which other ingredient?
Answer:
Coconut milk
Passage:
Zuppa Inglese
Zuppa Inglese (; Italian for "English soup") is an Italian dessert layering custard and sponge cake, perhaps derived from trifle.

History

Recipes for this sweet first appeared in the towns of Parma, Bologna, Forlì, Ferrara, Florence and Reggio Emilia, all in the Emilia-Romagna or Tuscany regions, in the late nineteenth century. Its origins are uncertain and one theory states that it originated in the sixteenth century kitchens of the Dukes of Este, the rulers of Ferrara. According to this story, they asked their cooks to recreate the sumptuous "English trifle" they had enjoyed in England at the Elizabethan court, where they were frequent visitors.

To make Zuppa Inglese, sponge cake or ladyfingers are dipped in Alchermes, a bright red, extremely aromatic Italian herb liqueur. They are then alternated with layers of crema pasticciera, a thick egg custard cooked with a large piece of lemon zest (removed afterwards). Often there is also a layer of crema alla cioccolata made by dissolving dark chocolate in a plain crema pasticcera. In Italy it is occasionally topped with cream, meringue or almonds.

Zuppa Inglese is also a popular gelato flavour. 

Name

The word "zuppa" in Italian cuisine refers to both sweet and savoury dishes. It comes from the verb "inzuppare" which means "to dunk". As the sponge cake or Lady fingers are dipped in liqueur the dish is called Zuppa. Similarly, thick fish, bean with vegetable stews, and fish or shellfish stews are properly described as "zuppa di verdure" or "zuppa di pesce". These savory dishes are served on toasted bread and eaten with knife and fork.

There are other theories as to the origin of the name. 

"The name translates literally in Italian as English soup and may in fact connote its similarity to English trifle. Others believe it is a dialectical corruption of the verb inzuppare, meaning to sop." 

"A dessert invented by Neapolitan pastrycooks of Europe during the 19th century. Inspired by English puddings that were fashionalbe [sic] at the time, . . . " 

"This rich dessert was among the many tributes bestowed on Lord Nelson by the grateful Neapolitans after his victory over Napoleon in the Nile in 1798. "English Soup", as it was called, was the creation of an anonymous pastry cook smitten with the admiral, the English, and their spirit-soaked Trifles."
Question:
What is the English termfor the dish the Italians call 'Zuppa Inglese'?
Answer:
Trifle
Passage:
List of British Sea Areas - Dave Budd
List of British Sea Areas
as listed in the weather report for shipping on BBC  Radio4
Here's a nice but big (162K) map
I scanned it  from the Radio Times, they managed to forget Bailey so I had to edit it in,  which is why the lines and font are a bit dodgy there.
Here's one from the Met Office , a  lot smaller but not as pretty, but it DOES have Trafalgar on it, and it makes  the Lat and Longs more obvious.
South East Iceland: 64N18W..65N14W..63N7W..62N11W  (roughly)
Faeroes: 63N7W..62N3W..59N7W..62N11W (roughly)
Fair  Isle: 62N3W..61N00..58N00..58N5W..59N7W (roughly)
The above 3 form a  diagonal band from the coast of Iceland down to the Greenwich Meridian at the  Shetlands on the northern edge, and the Scottish coast on the southern edge.  Fair Isle is 5 sided to get back into the normal squarish  grid.
Bailey: Between 10W and 15W from South East Iceland down to  about 58N
Rockall: Between 10W and 15W from Bailey (58N) down to  53N
Shannon: Between 10W and 15W, from Rockall down to 50N, and  including the bits off the Irish coast.
Hebrides: The bit between  Faeroes and Fair Isle, the Scottish coast, 10W, and 57N
Malin: Below  Hebrides, between Rockall and the coasts, down to the narrowest point between  England and Ireland
Irish Sea: The Irish Sea from Malin down to the  narrowest point between Wales and Ireland
Lundy: Bounded by the south  Welsh and north Cornish coasts, out to about 6.5W
Fastnet: Between  Lundy and Shannon, with the south Irish coast above and 50N  below
Sole: 6.5W..15W and 50N..48.27N, below Shannon and Fastnet
Finisterre, now renamed Fitzroy: Below Sole
Biscay: From Finisterre to the  French coast
Plymouth: The mouth of the Channel to about 8W, Biscay  below, Sole to the left
Portland: Up the channel from Plymouth to  about 2W
Wight: From Portland to a line from about 50N2E(France) to  51N1E(England)
Dover: From Wight to a line matching the latitude 51N,  near enough
Thames: Moving out towards the North Sea, as far as about  52.5N
Humber: Up to 54N, but loses a degree of its eastern extent  halfway up
Tyne: A tiny bit about a degree wide along the coast from  Humber up to about 56N
Dogger: Tyne to the left, Humber below, 4E at  the right, up to about 56N
German Bight: From Humber and Dogger on the  left to the continental coast
Forties: Directly above Dogger, ie about  56N..58.5N and 1W..4E
Forth: Between Forties and the Scottish coast,  stopping at 57N
Cromarty: Between Forties and the Scottish coast, from  Forth up to 58.5N or so, where it meets Fair Isle
Viking: Above  Forties with Fair Isle to the west
Fisher: East of Forties and north  of German Bight, but only as far as about 57.5N
North Utsire, South  Utsire: The last bit between Viking and Forties and the Scandinavian  coast
I appear to have listed them in the reverse order to that used  by the weather forecasters. Never mind!
Question:
Which sea area lies between 'Plymouth' and 'Wight'?
Answer:
Portlander
Passage:
Muntjac
Muntjacs, also known as barking deer and Mastreani deer, are small deer of the genus Muntiacus. Muntjacs are the oldest known deer, thought to have begun appearing 15–35 million years ago, with remains found in Miocene deposits in France, Germany  and Poland. 

Name

The present name is a borrowing of the Latinized form of the Dutch , which was borrowed from the Sundanese mencek (). The Latin form first appeared as ' in Zimmerman in 1780.  

Description

The present-day species are native to South Asia and can be found in India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, the Indonesian islands, Taiwan and Southern China. They are also found in the lower Himalayas (Terai regions of Nepal and Bhutan) and in some areas of Japan (the Boso Peninsula and Ōshima Island). They can also be found in Norfolk england.

A large feral population of barking deer exists in England. Reeves's muntjac has been introduced to England, with wild deer descended from escapees from the Woburn Abbey estate around 1925.  Muntjac have expanded very rapidly, and are now present in most English counties and have also expanded their range into Wales, although they are less common in the north-west. The British Deer Society coordinated a survey of wild deer in the UK between 2005 and 2007, and they reported that muntjac deer had noticeably expanded their range since the previous census in 2000.  It is anticipated that muntjac may soon become the most numerous species of deer in England and may have also crossed the border into Scotland with a couple of specimens even appearing in Northern Ireland in 2009; they have been spotted in the Republic of Ireland in 2010, almost certainly having reached there with some human assistance.

Inhabiting tropical regions, the deer have no seasonal rut, and mating can take place at any time of year; this behaviour is retained by populations introduced to temperate countries. Males have short antlers, which can regrow, but they tend to fight for territory with their "tusks" (downward-pointing canine teeth). The presence of these "tusks" is otherwise unknown in native British wild deer and can be discriminatory when trying to differentiate a muntjac from an immature native deer, although water deer also have visible tusks; however, they are much less widespread.

Muntjac are of great interest in evolutionary studies because of their dramatic chromosome variations and the recent discovery of several new species. The Indian muntjac (M. muntjak) is the mammal with the lowest recorded chromosome number: The male has a diploid number of 7, the female only 6 chromosomes. Reeves's muntjac (M. reevesi), in comparison, has a diploid number of 46 chromosomes. 

The genus Muntiacus has 12 recognized species:

* Indian muntjac or common muntjac or kakar,  Muntiacus muntjak
* Reeves's muntjac or Chinese muntjac, M. reevesi
* Hairy-fronted muntjac or black muntjac, M. crinifrons
* Fea's muntjac, M.  feae
* Bornean yellow muntjac, M.  atherodes
* Roosevelt's muntjac, M. rooseveltorum
* Gongshan muntjac, M. gongshanensis
* Giant muntjac, M. vuquangensis
* Truong Son muntjac M. truongsonensis
* Leaf muntjac M. putaoensis
* Sumatran muntjac M. montanus
* Pu Hoat muntjac M. puhoatensis
Question:
A muntjac is what type of animal?
Answer:
Fawn
Passage:
PHYSICS FOLIO |authorSTREAM
PHYSICS FOLIO  |authorSTREAM
PHYSICS FOLIO
  Does not support media & animations
  Automatically changes to Flash or non-Flash embed
  The presentation is successfully added In Your Favorites .
Views:
  This Presentation is Public   Favorites: 
0
ENTRY NO. 1:  Physics A Natural Philosophy:
ENTRY NO. 1:  Physics A Natural Philosophy ENTRY NO. 1:   Physics A Natural Philosophy
Physics A Natural Philosophy:
Physics A Natural Philosophy Physics as natural philosophy. Physics is present in our environment at all times. The gravitational theory is the perfect explanation for this natural philosophy. Gravitation, or gravity, is a natural phenomenon by which physical bodies attract with a force proportional to their mass. In everyday life, gravitation is most familiar as the agent that gives weight to objects with mass and causes them to fall to the ground when dropped.
ENTRY NO.2  PHYSICS REALLY WORKS:
ENTRY NO.2  PHYSICS REALLY WORKS
Physics Really Works:
Physics Really Works Physics really works. A branch of physics, which is electromagnetism, can be seen in modern inventions. Electromagnetism is the force that causes the interaction between electrically charged particles; the areas in which this happens are called electromagnetic fields. This is the set-up in a MICROPHONE. sound waves enter the microphone, which cause the microphone to vibrate back and forth. This subsequently causes the wire loops to oscillate, and the magnetic field through the plane of the loops subsequently changes, inducing a current in the wires. In this way sound or wave energy is converted into electrical energy.
ENTRY NO. 3:  TESTING TIME :
ENTRY NO. 3:  TESTING TIME
PHYSICS TRIVIAS::
PHYSICS TRIVIAS:  Q:  What did scientists build in a squash court under a football stadium at the University of Chicago in 1942? A:  A nuclear reactor.
Slide 8:
Q: Which Swedish scientist had a temperature scale named after him? A: Anders Celsius.
Slide 9:
Q :What is the term used to denote the tendency of an object to remain in a state of rest until acted upon by an external force? A: Inertia.
Slide 10:
Q: The discovery of which law provoked the surprised cry 'Eureka!'? A: Archimedes Principle.
Slide 11:
Q: Which electronic device magnifies the strength of a signal? A: Amplifier.
Slide 12:
Q :What is an unchanging position in which forces cancel each other out? A: Equilibrium.
Slide 13:
Q: What was the name of the unit of heat now replaced by the joule? A: Calorie.
Slide 14:
Q: What is described as an ionized gas with approximately equal numbers of positive and negative charges? A: Plasma.
ENTRY NO. 4:  EUREKA EXPERIENCE:
ENTRY NO. 4:  EUREKA EXPERIENCE
My Eureka Experience..:
My Eureka Experience.. I have learned a lot of things in my fourth year life now. One of those lessons I’ve learned was the accuracy of measurement. Once we where able to measure using the Vernier caliper. First it was so hard because I’m not familiar with it but Aldrin teach me and now I know how to read its measurement. Eureka! Eureka!
ENTRY NO. 5:  MEDIA HYPE:
ENTRY NO. 5:  MEDIA HYPE
Media Hype:
Media Hype The advertisement of the shampoos and conditioners are one of the best example of media hype. The commercial says that you will have a smoother and healthier hair just like when you go to the parlor. These models and endorsers have some hair treatment before the shoot and some are made by the camera tricks for the commercial so that it will look more beautiful and real.
Slide 21:
Commercials told us that their products can make our clothes whiter from having dirt after we washed them. They illustrate their product and another product and compared it from one another. The t-shirt that been soaked in their product was much whiter than the other but it looks like it’s a new one and not the original one.
Old Quill to Ordinary pen and now. Pen with USB..  At the early age they used the old quill just like Jose Rizal and now there's a lot of hi-tech pens. Pens with camera, with USB or sometimes made from gold.:
Old Quill to Ordinary pen and now. Pen with USB..  At the early age they used the old quill just like Jose Rizal and now there's a lot of hi-tech pens. Pens with camera, with USB or sometimes made from gold.
Slide 24:
Even Electric Fan evolved. First we have a fan made from abaca then someone invented the electric fan for convenience and then because of technology, air conditioners are now existing.
Slide 25:
Question:
The discovery of which law provoked the surprised cry 'Eureka!'?
Answer:
Archimedes Principle
Passage:
CCGS Louis S. St-Laurent
CCGS Louis S. St-Laurent is a Canadian Coast Guard Heavy Arctic Icebreaker. Louis S. St-Laurents home port is St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador  and is stationed there with other vessels of the coast guard.

Named after the twelfth Prime Minister of Canada, The Right Honourable Louis St. Laurent, PC CC QC LLD DCL LLL BA. The vessel is classed a "Heavy Arctic Icebreaker" and is the largest icebreaker and flagship of the CCG.

Operations

Louis S. St-Laurent is based at CCG Base St. John's in St. John's, Newfoundland. The vessel's current operation tempo consists of summer voyages to Canada's Arctic where she supports the annual Arctic sealift to various coastal communities and carries out multi-disciplinary scientific expeditions. During the winter months, Louis S. St-Laurent sometimes operates in the Gulf of St. Lawrence to aid ships in transiting to Montreal, Quebec, although she usually only serves this assignment during particularly heavy ice years.

History

Louis S. St. Laurent was launched 3 December 1966 by Canadian Vickers Limited at Montreal, Quebec  and commissioned in October 1969.

From 8–22 September 1969 Louis S. St-Laurent sailed on the  expedition in the Northwest Passage. She was assisted by  and the United States Coast Guard vessels  and 

During 1976 Louis S. St-Laurent, Captain Paul M. Fournier in command, made a partial transit of the Northwest Passage traveling from east to west, through Lancaster Sound, Peel Sound, and Victoria Strait.

In 1979 Louis S. St-Laurent, Captain George Burdock in command, made a full east to west transit of the Northwest Passage. She assisted CCGS Franklin, and circumnavigated North America.

Louis S. St-Laurent underwent an extensive and costly modernization at Halifax Shipyard Ltd. in Halifax, Nova Scotia between 1988-1993 which saw her hull lengthened as well as new propulsion and navigation equipment installed.

The modernization program was controversial as the government of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney had initially proposed building a class of mega icebreakers (the Polar 8 Project) for promoting Canadian sovereignty in territorial waters claimed by Canada;  had made an unauthorized transit of Canada's Northwest Passage in 1985 early in Mulroney's administration, provoking a strong nationalist out-cry across the country. However, budget cuts in the late 1980s saw proposed expansions of the coast guard and armed forces scrapped. In compensation to the coast guard, the government opted to modernize the largest icebreaker in its fleet, Louis S. St-Laurent.

On 22 August 1994 Louis S. St-Laurent and USCGC Polar Sea became the first North American surface vessels to reach the North Pole.

In the summer of 2006, CBC TV's The National broadcast from Louis S. St-Laurent in a special series focused on climate change. 

The vessel was originally scheduled to be decommissioned in 2000 however a refit extended the decommissioning date to 2017. In the 26 February 2008 federal budget, the Government of Canada announced it was funding a $721 million "Polar Class Icebreaker" (named ) as a replacement vessel for Louis S. St-Laurent.

At 1:30 a.m. on 2 April 2015, Louis S. St-Laurent, arrived near Burgeo, Newfoundland and Labrador to take the damaged Canadian Coast Guard vessel  under tow. Ann Harvey, which had run aground near Burgeo, was already being towed by the lifeboat CCGS W.G. George when the icebreaker arrived. Louis S. St-Laurent took over the tow and brought Ann Harvery into Connoire Bay where Royal Canadian Navy divers could inspect the ship. 

In 2016 Louis St. Laurent was deployed to the Arctic carrying an international team of scientists mapping the sea floor. The first leg of the mission was a voyage to Norway mapping the Atlantic. This was to be followed by a 47-day leg to the North Pole.
Question:
The Louis S. St. Laurent' and the 'John G. Diefenbaker' are specifically what kind of ships?
Answer:
Icebreakers
Passage:
Guanabara Bay
Guanabara Bay (,) is an oceanic bay located in Southeast Brazil in the state of Rio de Janeiro. On its western shore lies the city of Rio de Janeiro and Duque de Caxias, and on its eastern shore the cities of Niterói and São Gonçalo. Four other municipalities surround the bay's shores. Guanabara Bay is the second largest bay in area in Brazil (after the All Saints' Bay), at 412 km2, with a perimeter of 143 km.

Guanabara Bay is 31 km long and 28 km wide at its maximum. Its  wide mouth is flanked at the eastern tip by the Pico do Papagaio (Parrot's Peak) and the western tip by Pão de Açúcar (Sugar Loaf).

The name Guanabara comes from the Tupi language, goanã-pará, from gwa "bay", plus nã "similar to" and ba'ra "sea". Traditionally, it is also translated as "the bosom of sea."

History

Guanabara Bay was first encountered by Europeans on January 1, 1502, when one of the Portuguese explorers Gaspar de Lemos and Gonçalo Coelho  arrived on its shores. According to some historians,  the name given by the exploration team to the bay was originally Ria de Janeiro "January Sound", then a confusion took place between the word ria, which at the time was used to designate a bay or a sound, and rio "river". As a result, the name of the bay was soon fixed as Rio de Janeiro.
Later, the city was named after the bay. Natives of the Tamoio and Tupiniquim tribes inhabited the shores of the bay.

After the initial arrival of the Portuguese, no significant European settlements were established until French colonist and soldiers, under the Huguenot Admiral Nicolas Durand de Villegaignon invaded the region in 1555 to establish the France Antarctique. They stayed briefly on Lajes Island, then moved to Serigipe Island, near the shore, where they built Fort Coligny. After they were expelled by Portuguese military expeditions in 1563, the colonial government built fortifications in several points of Guanabara Bay, rendering it almost impregnable against a naval attack from the sea. They were the Santa Cruz, São João, Lajes and Villegaignon forts, forming a fearsome crossfire rectangle of big naval guns. Other islands were adapted by the Navy to host naval storehouses, hospitals, drydocks, oil reservoirs and the National Naval Academy.

Description

There are more than 130 islands dotting the bay, including:
* Lajes
* Ilha do Governador – site of Rio de Janeiro's Galeão - Antônio Carlos Jobim International Airport
* Ilha de Paquetá
* Ilha das Cobras
* Flores
* Ilha Fiscal
* Ilha da Boa Viagem
* Villegaignon
* Fundão

The bay is crossed by the Rio-Niterói Bridge ( long and with a central span 72 m high) and there is heavy boat and ship traffic, including regular ferryboat lines. The Port of Rio de Janeiro, as well as the city's two airports, Galeão - Antônio Carlos Jobim International Airport (on Governador Island) and Santos Dumont Airport (on reclaimed land next to downtown Rio), are located on its shores. The Federal University of Rio de Janeiro main campus is located on the artificial Fundão Island. A maze of smaller bridges interconnect the two largest islands, Fundão and Governador, to the mainland.

There is an Environmental Protection Area (APA), which is located mostly in the municipality of Guapimirim and given the name of Guapimirim APA.

Environment

Guanabara Bay's once rich and diversified ecosystem has suffered extensive damage in recent decades, particularly along its mangrove areas.  The bay has been heavily impacted by urbanization, deforestation, and pollution of its waters with sewage, garbage, and oil spills.  As of 2014, more than 70% of the sewage from 12 million inhabitants of Rio de Janeiro now flows into the bay untreated. 

There have been three major oil spills in Guanabara Bay. The most recent was in 2000 when a leaking underwater pipeline released  of oil into the bay, destroying large swaths of the mangrove ecosystem. Recovery measures are currently being attempted, but more than a decade after the incident, the mangrove areas have not returned to life.

One of the world's largest landfills is located at Jardim Gramacho adjacent to Guanabara Bay. It was closed in 2012 after 34 years of operation. The landfill attracted attention from environmentalists and it supported 1700 people scavenging for recyclable materials. 

As part of the preparations for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio, the government was supposed to improve the conditions, but progress has been slow. There have been concerns that the efforts may only be short-term and abandoned following the Games, as there would be little political incentive to continue with them. 

In June 2014 Dutch windsurfer and former Olympic and world champion Dorian van Rijsselberghe made an urgent appeal to  government and industry in The Netherlands to collaborate in cleaning up the bay, together with the Plastic Soup Foundation.   The Dutch government picked up the message and formulated a Clean Urban Delta Initiative Rio de Janeiro  together with a consortium of Dutch industry, knowledge institutes and NGOs which will be presented to the Brazilian authorities in the State of Rio de Janeiro.
Question:
The most visited city in the western hemisphere stands on Guanabara Bay. What is it?
Answer:
São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro
Passage:
Claret Jug
The Golf Champion Trophy, commonly known as the Claret Jug, is the trophy presented to the winner of The Open Championship, (often called the "British Open"), one of the four major championships in golf.

The awarding of the Claret Jug dates from 1872, when a new trophy was needed after Young Tom Morris had won the original Challenge Belt (presented by Prestwick Golf Club) outright in 1870 by winning the Championship three years in a row. Prestwick had both hosted and organised the Championship from 1860 to 1870.

By the time that Prestwick had reached agreement with the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews and the Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers (based at Musselburgh) for the championship to rotate at these three venues, more than a year had passed. So, there was no event in 1871.

Each club contributed £10 to the cost of the new trophy, which is inscribed 'The Golf Champion Trophy', and was made by Mackay Cunningham & Company of Edinburgh.

When the 1872 event was played, the trophy still wasn't ready in time to be presented to Morris (who had won his fourth in a row) although his name was the first to be engraved on it. In 1872, Morris was presented with a medal as have all subsequent winners.

In 1873 Tom Kidd became the first winner to be actually presented with the Claret Jug after winning the Championship.

The original Claret Jug has been on permanent display at the clubhouse of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews since 1928. The original Challenge Belt is also on display at the same site, having been donated in 1908 by the Morris family.

The current Claret Jug was first awarded to Walter Hagen for winning the 1928 Open. The winner must return the trophy before the next year's Open, and receives a replica to keep permanently. Three other replicas exist — one in the British Museum of Golf at St Andrews, and two used for travelling exhibitions.

Every year, the winner's name is engraved on the Claret Jug before it is presented to him. The BBC always shows the engraver poised to start work, and the commentators like to speculate about when he will be sure enough of the outcome to begin. However, at the 1999 Open Championship, Jean van de Velde's name was engraved on the trophy before he famously choked with a triple-bogey on the 18th hole and Paul Lawrie subsequently won the playoff. Upon being awarded the Jug in 1989, Mark Calcavecchia said, "How's my name going to fit on that thing?" 

The Claret Jug has twice appeared on commemorative £5 Scottish banknotes issued by the Royal Bank of Scotland: first in 2004, for the 250th Anniversary of The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, then in 2005, the jug is shown held by Jack Nicklaus to mark his retirement.
Question:
The Claret Jug is the name of the trophy awarded to the winner of which annual sporting championship?
Answer:
Open Golf Championship
Passage:
Claymore
A claymore (; from Scottish Gaelic claidheamh-mòr, "great sword")  refers either to the Scottish variant of the late medieval two-handed sword or the Scottish variant of the basket-hilted sword. The former is characterised as having a cross hilt of forward-sloping quillons with quatrefoil terminations and was in use from the 15th to 17th centuries.

The word claymore was first used in reference to swords in the 18th century in Scotland and parts of England to refer to basket-hilted swords. This description was maybe not used during the 17th century, when basket hilted swords were the primary military swords across Europe, but these broad-bladed swords remained in service with Scottish regiments for some time longer. After the Acts of Union in 1707 when Scottish and English regiments were integrated together, the swords were seen as a mark of distinction by Scottish officers over the more slender sabres used by their English contemporaries: a symbol of physical strength and prowess, and a link to the historic Highland way of life. Such swords remained in service with Scottish regiments into the 19th century.

Terminology

The term claymore is an anglicisation of the Gaelic claidheamh-mór "great sword", attested in 1772 (as Cly-more) with the gloss "great two-handed sword".  The sense "basket-hilted sword" is contemporaneous, attested in 1773 as "The broad-sword now used [...] called the Claymore, (i.e., the great sword)."  OED observes that the latter usage is "inexact, but very common". The 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica likewise judged that the term is "wrongly" applied to the basket-hilted sword.

Countering this view, Paul Wagner & Christopher Thompson argue that the term "claymore" was applied first to the basket-hilted broadsword, and then to all Scottish swords. They provide earlier quotes than those given above, in support of its use to refer to a basket-hilted broadsword and targe: "a strong handsome target, with a sharp pointed steel, of above half an ell in length, screw'd into the navel of it, on his left arm, a sturdy claymore by his side" (1715 pamphlet). They also note its use as a battle-cry as early as 1678. 

Authors arguing that the basket-hilted sword is "incorrectly" called claymore have been known to suggest that claybeg (from a purported Gaelic claidheamh-beag "small sword") should be used instead.  This term is not seen in clan-era Gaelic song or poetry, Dwelly's [ibid.], or other authorities, and seems to be a fairly recent invention.

This does not parallel Scottish Gaelic usage. According to the Gaelic Dictionary by R. A. Armstrong (1825), claidheamh-mòr translates to "broadsword", and claidheamh dà làimh to "two-handed sword", while claidheamh-beag is given as a translation of "Bilbo". 

The term "claymore" became part of vocabulary of the Victorian era sentimental or Romanticist "retro-Jacobite" literature and poetry such as the Skye Boat Song (1870).

Other contemporary Gaelic descriptives of swords include claidheamh-cùil or back sword, referring to a single-edged sword with a flat "spine" (not one worn on the back, a common misinterpretation), the claidheamh-crom or crooked sword, which could describe either a typical sabre-style blade (such as that worn by Archibald Campbell, 1st Duke of Argyll, in the painting by Medina) or a scimitar style blade known as a "Turcael" ("Turkish" blade) such as that brandished by Alasdair Mòr, the Champion of Clan Grant, in the c. 1715 portrait by Waitt, or the claidheamh-caol or narrow sword, usually describing a rapier or small-sword.

Two-handed (Highland) claymore

The two-handed claymore was a large sword used in the late Medieval and early modern periods. It was used in the constant clan warfare and border fights with the English from circa 1400 to 1700.  Although Claymores existed as far back as the Wars of Scottish Independence they were smaller and few had the typical quatrefoil design (as can be seen on the Great Seal of John Balliol King of Scots).  The last known battle in which it is considered to have been used in a significant number was the Battle of Killiecrankie in 1689.  It was somewhat longer than other two-handed swords of the era. The two-handed claymore seems to be an offshoot of Early Scottish medieval longswords (similar to the Espee de Guerre or Grete war sword) which had developed a distinctive style of a cross-hilt with forward-angled arms that ended in spatulate swellings.The lobed pommels on earlier swords were inspired by the Viking style. The spatulate swellings were later frequently made in a quatrefoil design. 

The average claymore ran about 140 cm (55 in) in overall length, with a 33 cm (13 in) grip, 107 cm (42 in) blade, and a weight of approximately 5.5 lb (2.5 kg). For instance, in 1772 Thomas Pennant described a sword seen on his visit to Raasay as: "an unwieldy weapon, two inches broad, doubly edged; the length of the blade three feet seven inches; of the handle, fourteen inches; of a plain transverse guard, one foot; the weight six pounds and a half." 

Fairly uniform in style, the sword was set with a wheel pommel often capped by a crescent-shaped nut and a guard with straight, forward-sloping arms ending in quatrefoils, and langets running down the centre of the blade from the guard. Another common style of two-handed claymore (though lesser known today) was the "clamshell hilted" claymore. It had a crossguard that consisted of two downward-curving arms and two large, round, concave plates that protected the foregrip. It was so named because the round guards resembled an open clam.

In Popular Culture

* Ween references the claymore in the opening lines of the song The Blarney Stone (Song) off the album The Mollusk
Question:
Broad, Claymore, and Epee are types of what?
Answer:
Talon (robot)
Passage:
A Chorus of Disapproval (play)
A Chorus of Disapproval is a 1984 play written by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn.

Synopsis

The story follows a young widower, Guy Jones, as he joins an amateur operatic society that is putting on The Beggar's Opera. He rapidly progresses through the ranks to become the male lead, while simultaneously conducting liaisons with several of the female cast. Many of the songs from The Beggar's Opera are kept within the play, usually being sung with their own, new context.

First productions

Ayckbourn wrote the work for the 1984 summer season at his Stephen Joseph Theatre, Scarborough, where it opened on 2 May. Peter Hall, director of the National Theatre, London, had expressed an interest in the piece and Ayckbourn modified his initial concept  to suit an eventual large-scale production; on 1 August 1985 it opened in the National's Olivier auditorium, with Ayckbourn directing, Michael Gambon playing amateur director Dafydd Llewellyn and Bob Peck as newcomer Guy Jones. The female leads were Gemma Craven, Imelda Staunton and Kelly Hunter. 

Film adaptation
Question:
Who wrote the play A Chorus of Disapproval?
Answer:
Alan Ayckbourne
Passage:
Keith Relf
William Keith Relf (22 March 1943 – 14 May 1976) was an English musician, best known as the lead vocalist and harmonica player for The Yardbirds.

Musical career

Relf started playing in bands around the summer of 1956 as a singer, guitarist, and harmonica player. Despite his suffering from respiratory problems, his blues harp was a key part of the Yardbirds' sound and success, according to many, and his vocals may have been as important a contribution to the band,  as that of their three lead guitarists Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, and Jimmy Page - who were augmented by bassist Paul Samwell-Smith, guitarist/bassist Chris Dreja, and drummer Jim McCarty.

Relf co-wrote many of the original Yardbirds songs ("Shapes of Things", "I Ain't Done Wrong", "Over Under Sideways Down", "Happenings Ten Years Time Ago"), later showing a leaning towards acoustic/folk music as the sixties unfolded ("Only the Black Rose").  He also sang an early version of "Dazed and Confused" in live Yardbirds concerts, a song later recorded by the band's successor group Led Zeppelin. 

His debut solo single, "Mr. Zero", peaked at No. 50 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1966. 

After The Yardbirds broke up in July 1968, Relf formed the acoustic duo Together, with fellow Yardbird Jim McCarty, followed immediately by Renaissance (which also featured his sister Jane Relf).  After leaving Renaissance in 1970, he started producing other artists: Steamhammer, folk-rock band Hunter Muskett, the acoustic world music group Amber, psychedelic band Saturnalia,  and blues-rock band Medicine Head (with whom he also played bass guitar).  In 1974, he formed progressive/rock group Armageddon - their self-titled debut, Armageddon, was recorded in England and released in the United States on A&M Records. The album's original liner notes used the term "supergroup"; their personnel (besides Relf) included drummer Bobby Caldwell (previously a member of Captain Beyond and Johnny Winter's band), guitarist Martin Pugh (from Steamhammer, The Rod Stewart Album, and later of 7th Order),  and bassist Louis Cennamo (also formerly of Renaissance and Steamhammer). 

Personal life and death

In 1966, he married April Liversidge.  They had two sons, Danny and Jason. 

Relf was 33 when he died from electrocution, in the basement of his home, while playing his improperly earthed (electrically grounded) guitar. Relf had dealt with several health issues throughout his life, including emphysema and asthma, which may have contributed to his inability to survive the electric shock.  At the time, it is said that Relf was in the process of putting back together the original Renaissance line-up – which would eventually be called Illusion.  He was buried in Richmond Cemetery. 

Legacy

Relf's posthumous 1992 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction with the Yardbirds was represented by his widow April, and sons Danny and Jay. 

Solo singles discography

Most of Relf's recordings were released under the name of the group he was in at the time. However, an early attempt was made to establish him as a solo artist and two singles came out under his own name in 1966. 

* "Mr. Zero" / "Knowing" – UK Columbia DB7920 / U.S. Epic 10044 – May 1966 
:A-side written by Bob Lind
* "Shapes In My Mind" / "Blue Sands" – UK Columbia DB8084 / US Epic 10110 – November 1966 
:B-side is an instrumental credited to Relf, but actually performed by The Outsiders (not to be confused with the US band, The Outsiders, who performed "Time Won't Let Me"). The US single featured the same version as the UK single, US promotional copies (on red vinyl) featured a complete re-edit of the song

A further single appeared in 1989:
* "Together Now" / "All The Fallen Angels" – MCCM 89 002 – 1989 
:US release only.  The A-side was recorded in 1968, originally recorded that year by Together. The B-side was recorded on 2 May 1976, 12 days before Relf's death
Question:
Keith Relf was the singer with which 1960s group, three of their guitarists are some of the most famous in rock music?
Answer:
The Yard Birds
Passage:
Richard Schirrmann
Richard Schirrmann (15 May 1874 – 14 December 1961) was a German teacher and founder of the first youth hostel.

Born in Grunenfeld (today Gronówko), Province of Prussia as the son of a teacher, Schirrmann studied to become a teacher himself. In 1895, he received his qualification, and was sent to Altena, Westphalia in 1903. In 1907, he first published his idea of an inexpensive accommodation for young people, after he noticed the lack of such places on a school trip when he had to spend the night in barns or village school buildings. Schirrmann received considerable support and donations, and in 1912 he opened the first youth hostel in the recently reconstructed Altena castle.

Schirrmann described a Western Front Christmas Truce in December 1915:

"When the Christmas bells sounded in the villages of the Vosges behind the lines .. something fantastically unmilitary occurred. German and French troops spontaneously made peace and ceased hostilities; they visited each other through disused trench tunnels, and exchanged wine, cognac and cigarettes for Westphalian black bread, biscuits and ham. This suited them so well that they remained good friends even after Christmas was over.

Schirrmann served in a regiment holding a position on the Bernhardstein, one of the mountains of the Vosges - separated from the French troops by a narrow no-man’s-land, which his account describes as "strewn with shattered trees, the ground ploughed up by shellfire, a wilderness of earth, tree-roots and tattered uniforms". Military discipline was soon restored, but Schirrmann pondered over the incident, wondering whether "thoughtful young people of all countries could be provided with suitable meeting places where they could get to know each other".

German Youth Hostel Association

In 1919, he founded a nationwide youth hostel association, and in 1922, he retired from teaching to focus entirely on the youth-hostel movement. From 1933 to 1936, he also served as President of the International Youth Hostelling Association (now Hostelling International), before the Nazi government forced him to resign. After the Second World War, he worked on the rebuilding of the German association, for which he received the Bundesverdienstkreuz in 1952.

Schirrmann died in Grävenwiesbach (Taunus) in 1961.
Question:
Which movement was begun in 1909 by Richard Schirrmann, a German schoolteacher, and Wilhelm Mnker, a conservationist?
Answer:
Backpacker lodges
Passage:
King's Road
King's Road or Kings Road (or sometimes The King's Road, especially when it was the King's private road until 1830), is a major street stretching through Chelsea and Fulham, both in west London. It is associated with 1960s style, and fashion figures such as Mary Quant and Vivienne Westwood. Sir Oswald Mosley's Blackshirt movement had a barracks on the street in the 1930s. 

Location

King's Road  runs for just under 2 mi through Chelsea, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, from Sloane Square in the east (on the border with Belgravia and Knightsbridge) and through the Moore Park estate on the border of Chelsea and Fulham opposite Stamford Bridge. Shortly after crossing Stanley bridge the road passes a slight kink at the junction with Waterford Road in Fulham, where it then becomes New King's Road, continuing to Fulham High Street and Putney Bridge; its western end is in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.

History

King's Road derives its name from its function as a private road used by King Charles II to travel to Kew. It remained a private royal road until 1830, but people with connections were able to use it. Some houses date from the early 18th century. No. 213 has a blue plaque to film director Sir Carol Reed, who lived there from 1948 until his death in 1978. Thomas Arne lived at No. 215 and is believed to have composed "Rule Britannia" there. Ellen Terry lived in the same house from 1904–1920, and also Peter Ustinov; the house is commemorated by a blue plaque also. Photographer Christina Broom was born in 1862 at No 8.

In 1876, the world's first artificial ice rink, the Glaciarium, opened just off King's Road, and later that year it relocated to a building on the street.

During the 1960s the street became a symbol of mod culture, evoking "an endless frieze of mini-skirted, booted, fair-haired angular angels", one magazine later wrote.  King's Road was home in the 1960s to the Chelsea Drugstore (originally a chemist with a stylised chrome-and-neon soda fountain upstairs, later a public house, and more recently a McDonalds), and in the 1970s  to Malcolm McLaren's boutique, Let It Rock, which was renamed SEX in 1974, and then Seditionaries in 1977. During the hippie and punk eras, it was a centre for counterculture, but has since been gentrified. It serves as Chelsea's high street and has a reputation for being one of London's most fashionable shopping streets.  Other celebrated boutiques included Granny Takes a Trip, The Sweet Shop in Blantyre Street just off King's Road at World's End and Stop The Shop, a fashion boutique with a revolving floor.

484 King's Road was the headquarters of Swan Song Records, owned by Led Zeppelin.  They left following closure of the company in 1983. King's Road was site of the first UK branch of Starbucks which opened in 1999.

535 King's Road was the headquarters of Cube Records, a late 1960s and early 1970s independent record label. The label folded in the mid 1970s, becoming part of Elektra Records. The building has since been demolished but the new building on the same site still houses a record company.

The road has been represented in popular culture on various occasions: "King's Road" is the title of a song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers from the 1981 album Hard Promises and is name-checked in the song "Dick a Dum Dum (King's Road)" which was a hit for Des O'Connor in 1969. In Ian Fleming's novels, James Bond lives in a fashionable unnamed square just off King's Road.

Planning and transport

;Planning
The eastern part of King's Road is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.

;Bus
Buses 11, 19, 22, 49, 211, 319, 328, and C3 all go down King's Road, yet most of these turn off the street at one point or another. The 11 and the 22 are the only routes which run the entirety of King's Road, with the 22 being the only route that runs all the way from Sloane Square to the end of New King's Road in Fulham.

;Rail and Tube
The western end of King's Road is close to Imperial Wharf railway station on the London Overground network, with connections to Willesden Junction and Clapham Junction. Southern also run direct rail services to  and  from this station. At the eastern end of the street is Sloane Square, and Fulham Broadway lies at the western end, on the boundary between Chelsea and Fulham. King's Road, and the area of Chelsea as a whole, is known for having poor links to the London Underground. Due to this, the route of Crossrail 2 is proposed to have an underground station in this area, called King's Road Chelsea.

;River
Chelsea Harbour Pier is also within easy reach of the western end of King's Road, with river bus services provided by London River Services and Thames Executive Charters to Putney and Blackfriars. Further east, the same services are also provided at Cadogan Pier, only a few blocks south of King's Road near the Albert Bridge.
Question:
What is the name of Vivienne Westwood's clothes shop at 430 King's Road where she sells her Anglomania label?
Answer:
World's End Park
Passage:
Bunny Hoest
Bunny Hoest (born 1932), sometimes labeled The Cartoon Lady, is the writer of several cartoon series, including The Lockhorns, Laugh Parade and Howard Huge, all of which she inherited from her late husband Bill Hoest.King Features: Bunny Hoest She is the co-creator of Bumper Snickers in 1974, Agatha Crumm in 1977, Laugh Parade in 1980, Howard Huge in 1981, What A Guy! in 1986 and Hunny Bunny's Short Tales in 1992.

Born in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, as Madeline Mezz, she was the only child of a doctor and an opera singer. She received the nickname "Bunny" as a child, as she recalled, "My mother and father called me Bunny from day one. They said I was little and cute and had dark eyes like a little bunny." Her father, Dr. David Mezz, was a surgeon who invented the nose clip used by springboard divers. [http://www.claudiacopquin.com/news.php?wgo
1 Copquin, Claudia Gryvatz. "Bunny Hoest: Life On and Off the Funny Pages," Newsday, August 2,, 2008. ] 

After attending a magnet school as a music student for four years, she graduated in 1953 from Adelphi University, where she studied literature and creative writing, noting, “I feel that writing is a gift which should be perfected. English is a beautiful language. Why muck it up?”[http://alumni.adelphi.edu/hoest_profile.php Adelphi University: Alumni Profiles]

When she was 19, she married Ted Jungreis, and the couple moved to Huntington, Long Island, where she raised three children. With a master's degree in secondary education from C. W. Post, she taught English as a second language. She joined a local community theater, where she composed original scores for three musical comedies, in addition to singing, dancing and directing the music in productions of Gypsy, Damn Yankees, Guys and Dolls, South Pacific and other musical comedies. During this time, she also became a member of the Huntington Choral Society.

Cartoon connection

The couple separated after 21 years together, and not long after that, she landed a job with cartoonist Bill Hoest, creator of The Lockhorns, who needed an assistant to help compile his cartoons into books. She recalled, "I was 40 years old. My kids were 20, 18 and 15." Hoest, who had six children, was also recently divorced. The two married in 1973. She reflected, "Marrying Bill meant taking on a whole different kind of life, a new direction with much responsibility. He needed a working partner as well as a marriage partner. It was scary and challenging. I thought, what the hell, I'll give it a shot."

Soon she was writing captions for The Lockhorns, and eventually they worked together on the scripts for their other features. After Bill Hoest's death in 1988, she continued the cartoons and strips, working closely with illustrator John Reiner, who began as Bill Hoest's assistant in 1986. They usually work three or four months in advance of publication.

In 1996, she met and married Dr. Walter T. Carpenter, Jr., who died on October 23, 2008, at the age of 97. 

Her daughter is Sharon Bowers, who collaborated with Adrian Sinnott on Hunny Bunny’s Short Tale, brief bedtime stories for kids. Syndicated by King Features in the mid to late-1990s, the feature was one of the first panel cartoons delivered electronically.

Parade of laughter

In 2001, Marcelle S. Fischer, in The New York Times, profiled Long Island's cartoonists, including Bunny Hoest: 
Bunny Hoest writes the snappy one-liners for The Lockhorns, a cartoon panel about a bickering long-married couple that appears in 500 newspapers. "Be careful," Ms. Hoest said. "I'm just writing what I see. It's based on observation." Ms. Hoest's strip is drawn by John Reiner, who took over when her husband, the artist Bill Hoest, got cancer in 1986. He died in 1988. Some comics are done by teams: writers create the dialogue and storyline; illustrators sketch the panels and strips in pencil. Inkers retrace the drawing. Then the lettering is done. 

According to King Features, Bunny Hoest had 200 million readers each week, a total derived from The Lockhorns (500 newspapers worldwide), Laugh Parade (80 million readers each Sunday) and the long-running Bumper Snickers for The National Enquirer (which has a circulation of more than seven million). Bumper Snickers began in 1974 and was collected in a Signet paperback two years later.

Living in Lloyd Neck, Long Island, she plays tennis and continues to sing with the Huntington Choral Society. She has six grandchildren and many stepchildren and step-grandchildren.
Question:
Appearing in Parade magazine since 1980, what is the name of the single panel comic strip, inked by Bunny Hoest and John Reiner, that features pleasant, likable Saint Bernard, who by his very size, gets in the way of the family he lives with?
Answer:
Howard Huge
