Passage:
The Housemartins
The Housemartins were an English alternative rock band formed in Hull who were active in the 1980s.  Many of the Housemartins' lyrics were a mixture of Marxist politics and Christianity, reflecting singer Paul Heaton's beliefs at the time (the back cover of London 0 Hull 4 contained the message, "Take Jesus – Take Marx – Take Hope"). The group's cover version of the Isley Brothers'  "Caravan of Love" was a UK Number 1 single in December 1986.

Career

Formation

The band was formed in late 1983 by Paul Heaton (vocals) and Stan Cullimore (guitar), initially as a busking duo. Throughout his tenure with the band, Heaton billed himself as "P.d. Heaton".  

Heaton and Cullimore recorded a demo tape with Ingo Dewsnap of Les Zeiga Fleurs which brought them to the attention of Go! Discs. They then expanded by recruiting Ted Key (bass), former guitarist with The Gargoyles, and Justin Patrick [drummer on loan from Udomsuksa!] who was then replaced by Chris Lang. Their first live performance as a band was at Hull University in October 1984.  The band's membership changed considerably over the years. Key left at the end of 1985 and was replaced by Norman Cook (the future Fatboy Slim). Drummer Chris Lang was replaced by Hugh Whitaker, former drummer with The Gargoyles, who in turn was replaced with Dave Hemingway.

The band often referred to themselves as "the fourth best band in Hull". The three bands that were "better" were Red Guitars, Everything but the Girl and The Gargoyles.

Break 

In 1986, having recorded two John Peel sessions, the band broke through with the single "Happy Hour", which reached No. 3 in the UK Singles Chart.  The single's success was helped by a claymation animated pop promo of a type that was in vogue at the time, featuring a cameo by television comedian Phill Jupitus, who toured with the band under his stage name of "Porky the Poet".

Caravan of Love 

At the end of 1986 they had their only UK No. 1 single on 16 December with a cover version of Isley-Jasper-Isley's "Caravan of Love". It was knocked off the top spot by Jackie Wilson's "Reet Petite" on 23 December, denying the Housemartins the coveted Christmas No. 1 single.

The a cappella style of "Caravan of Love" was not to the taste of all Housemartins' fans, although a cappella material had always been part of the band's repertoire. "Caravan of Love" was first performed by the band in their second Peel session in April 1986, prior to their initial chart success. At Peel's suggestion, the band then recorded another session (under the name The Fish City Five), consisting entirely of a cappella performances, and on at least one occasion (at The Tower nightclub in Hull, the same concert at which they were filmed as the Housemartins for the BBC programme, Rock Around the Clock), played support act for their own performance under this alternative name.  The "Caravan of Love" single featured four a cappella gospel songs on the B-side.

Split

The band split in 1988, but the members have remained friends and have worked on each other's projects. Norman Cook has enjoyed significant success with Beats International and then as Fatboy Slim, while Heaton, Hemingway and roadie Sean Welch formed The Beautiful South.

In August 2009, Mojo magazine arranged for The Housemartins' original members to get together for a photo-shoot and interview, for the first time in many years, but in the interview all the members maintained that the band would not re-form.

In December 2009, Cullimore co-wrote songs for (and appeared in) a pre-school music series called The Bopps, which first showed on Nick Jr. in the UK in April 2010.

Cullimore and Whitaker joined Heaton on stage during a show by Heaton and Jacqui Abbott in 2014, although it was not a Housemartins reunion. The trio performed the Housemartins hit "Me and the Farmer", and Cullimore and Heaton closed the show with a performance of "Caravan of Love". 

London 0 Hull 4 re-release

London 0 Hull 4 was re-released on 22 June 2009, with a bonus disc featuring tracks released as additional content on 12-inch singles and demo tracks.

Musical style and lyrics

The band's early releases saw them described as jangle pop, which brought comparisons with bands such as The Smiths and Aztec Camera.   David Quantick, writing for Spin, described them in 1986 as playing "traditional '60s-style guitar pop overlaid with soul vocals".  Cook described the band as "religious, but not Christians", and the band's repertoire included Gospel songs.

Many of the band's lyrics have socialist themes, with Cook stating that "Paul realized that he hated writing about love...and that writing politically came easier to him", describing some of their songs as "angrily political". 

Discography

Albums

Singles

Compilation albums

* The Housemartins Christmas Box Set (November 1986) UK #84
*Now That's What I Call Quite Good (April 1988) UK #8
*The Best of the Housemartins (March 2004) UK #29
*Live at the BBC (2006, Universal)
*Soup (December 2007) UK # 15
*Happy Hour: The Collection (July 2011)

Videography

(does not include "live" appearances on TV programmes)
* "Sheep"
* "Happy Hour"
* "Think for a Minute"
* "Caravan of Love"
* "Five Get Over Excited"
* "Me and the Farmer"
* "Build"
* "There Is Always Something There to Remind Me"
* "We're Not Deep"

Biography

* The Housemartins: Now That's What I Call Quite Good by Nick Swift (1988) ISBN 0-7119-1517-2
Question:
Which British group was formed by former members of 'The Housemartins', Paul Heaton and David Hemingway?
Answer:
The Beautiful South
Passage:
Jim Morrison Died Here: 17 Rue Beautreillis In Paris ...
Jim Morrison Died Here: 17 Rue Beautreillis In Paris, France On July 3, 1971 | FeelNumb.com
Jim Morrison Died Here: 17 Rue Beautreillis In Paris, France On July 3, 1971
By raul on January 30, 2010 in Died Here , Jim Morrison , Location , The Doors
On July 3, 1971, Jim Morrison died in the bathtub of this rented apartment on 17 Rue Beautreillis Paris, France 75004.
On the night of his death, Morrison had been coughing badly after a night out drinking.  He had gone to take a bath after accidentally snorting heroin that he thought was cocaine and vomited blood. Courson said that he appeared to recover and that she then went to sleep. When she awoke sometime later Morrison was unresponsive.
This is a photo of the bathtub Morrison died in.
Here is the outline of the actual apartment Morrison died in and the front door to the flat.
This is one of the last known photographs of Jim Morrison alive.  The photograph of Morrison and girlfriend Pamela Courson was taken on June 28th, 6 days before his death by friend Alain Ronay in the town of Saint-Leu-d’Esserent, about 34 miles north of Paris.
Click photo or link below to see rest of the photos.
Question:
Who died at 17 rue Beautrellis, Paris, on 3 July 1971?
Answer:
Mister Mojo Risin'
Passage:
List of busiest ports in Europe
Busiest container ports

Ranks for 2011 

File:A birds-eye view of Edith Maersk in the Port of Rotterdam.jpeg|Port of Rotterdam
File:Phb dt 8107 CTA.jpg|Port of Hamburg
File:Zicht op het Delwaidedok.jpg|Port of Antwerp
File:2012-05-13 Nordsee-Luftbilder DSCF8562.jpg|Port of Bremerhaven
File:Port de València, eixida.JPG|Port of Valencia

File:Port of Algeciras-Juan Carlos I dock.jpg|Port of Algeciras
File:Port of Felixstowe Trinity Terminal.JPG|Port of Felixstowe 
File:Port of Sain Petersburg Russia 2009 0050.JPG|Port of Saint Petersburg 
File:Freeport, Malta.jpg|Malta Freeport
File:Barcelona Dockside Arial sho.jpg|Port of Barcelona

Busiest ports by cargo tonnage

Ranks for 2011 

Busiest transshipment ports

Busiest passenger ports

Ranks for 2011

Other large ports in Europe 

Albania

*Port of Durrës

Belgium

*Port of Ghent - Belgium's 3rd port and 10th port in the Le Havre-Hamburg Range

Bulgaria

*Port of Burgas
*Port of Varna

Croatia

*Port of Split, as of 2011 the port ranks as the largest passenger port in Croatia and the third largest passenger port in the Mediterranean
*Port of Rijeka, with 220,000 passenger, cargo of 10,200,000 and 137,048 TEUs in 2010

Cyprus

*Port of Limassol
*Port of Larnaca

Estonia

*Port of Tallinn

France

*Port of La Rochelle
*Marseille-Fos Port

Germany

*Port of Duisburg-Ruhrort, largest inland port in Europe

Greece

*Port of Piraeus (Athens)
*Port of Thessaloniki
*Port of Patras
*Port of Volos
*Port of Heraklion
*Port of Rhodes
*Port of Corfu
*Port of Katakolon
*Port of Igoumenitsa

Ireland

*Port of Cork
*Port of Waterford

Italy

*Port of Venice
*Port of Civitavecchia (Port of Rome)
*Port of Cagliari
*Port of Livorno
*Port of Naples
*Port of Pozzallo

Lithuania

*Port of Klaipėda

Romania

*Port of Constanta - Romania's largest port as well as the largest port on the Black sea

Malta

*Grand Harbour
*Malta Freeport

Norway

*Bergen Port
*Port of Narvik
*Port of Oslo
*Port of Kristiansand

Poland

*Port of Gdańsk, with cargo of 30,043,000 tons and about 1,150,000 TEUs in 2013 at the Baltic Sea's only deepwater container terminal DCT Gdańsk
*Port of Gdynia
*Port of Szczecin
*Port of Świnoujście
*Port of Police
*Port of Kołobrzeg

Portugal

*Port of Sines
*Port of Leixões (Porto)
*Port of Lisboa

Slovenia

*Port of Koper 

Spain

*Port of A Coruña
*Port of Alicante
*Port of Almería
*Port of Avilés
*Port of Bilbao, with 179,572 passenger, cargo of 39,397,938 and 557,355 TEUs in 2008
*Port of Cartagena
*Port of Cádiz
*Port of Castellón
*Port of Ceuta
*Port of Ferrol
*Port of Gijón 
*Port of Huelva
*Port of Málaga, with 642,529 passenger, cargo of 4,620,000 of tons and 428,623 TEUs in 2008 
*Port of Melilla
*Port of Motril 
*Port of Palma
*Port of Pasajes (Pasaia, Gipuzkoa)
*Port of Santander
*Port of Santa Cruz de Tenerife*
*Port of Seville
*Port of Tarragona
*Port of Vigo, the biggest fishing port in the world with 751,971 tons of fish and shellfish in 2008 
*Port of Las Palmas, the most important Canary Islands commercial port.

Sweden

*Port of Gothenburg

Sweden & Denmark

*Copenhagen Malm%C3%B6 Port

Ukraine

*Port of Illichivsk
*Port of Odessa
Question:
Which is the largest container port in the UK?
Answer:
Felixstowe
Passage:
Miss Otis Regrets
"Miss Otis Regrets" is a song composed by Cole Porter in 1934, and first performed by Douglas Byng in Hi Diddle Diddle,  a revue that opened on October 3, 1934, at London's Savoy Theatre.

Background

Cole Porter spent many holidays in Paris throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Ada "Bricktop" Smith was a close friend, and he frequented Bricktop's, whose "modern" performing acts certainly influenced or informed the erudite and dense lyrical content of Porter’s songs. However, despite her assertion and references to that assertion in articles by journalists, Porter did not write "Miss Otis Regrets" for Bricktop.  According to Charles Schwartz's book Cole Porter: A Biography (Da Capo Press, 1979; ISBN 9780306800979), the song began during a party at the New York apartment of Porter's classmate from Yale, Leonard Hanna. Hearing a cowboy's lament  on the radio, Porter sat down at the piano and improvised a parody of the song. He retained the referential song’s minor-keyed blues melody, and added his wry take on lyrical subject matter common in country music: the regret of abandonment after being deceitfully coerced into sexual submission. Only instead of a country girl, Miss Otis is a polite society lady. 

Friend and Yale classmate Monty Woolley jumped in to help Porter "sell it", pretending to be a butler who explains why Madam can't keep a lunch appointment. In the previous 24 hours, Miss Otis was jilted and abandoned, located and killed her seducer, was arrested, jailed, and, about to be hanged by a mob, made a final, polite apology for being unable to keep her lunch appointment. This performance was so well received, that the song evolved, "workshopped" with each subsequent cocktail party, many of which were at the Waldorf-Astoria suite of Elsa Maxwell, to whom Porter dedicated the song. The "smart set" that attended these parties, known to use wit or wisecracks to punctuate anecdotes and gossip, began using references to "Miss Otis" as a punchline. [http://books.google.com/books?id=RloVVG_FzkAC Porter incorporated the tale of "Miss Otis Regrets" into Hi Diddle Diddle later that year.]

“Miss Otis” entered the lexicon of American pop culture, its enormous popularity and commercial success indicated when, a year later, Al Dubin and Harry Warren included an homage to Miss Otis in their song "Lulu's Back In Town", written for the 1935 film Broadway Gondolier. A man sings about getting ready for a date with Lulu, focusing all his attention on this awesome girl who's visiting town after having moved away: "You can tell all my pets, all my blondes and brunettes, Mister Otis regrets that he won't be around.”

Truman Capote, in his article published in the November 1975 issue of Esquire Magazine, relates a story Porter told him. Porter used "Miss Otis" as a punchline in the 1950s, opening the door to dismiss a presumptuous man from his home, Porter handed him a check as he said "Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today. Now get out." 

The song was recorded by Alberta Hunter with Jack Jackson and His Orchestra and Ethel Waters with The Dorsey Brothers Orchestra, both in 1934; Charles Trenet, Cab Calloway and His Orchestra in 1935; Édith Piaf (as "Miss Otis Regrette")  in 1946; Marlene Dietrich sang it as ""Mein Mann ist verhindert" (written in German by Lothar Metzl) with Jimmy Carroll & Orchestra in 1951; Frances Faye in 1953; Ella Fitzgerald in 1956; Fred Astaire in 1960; Nancy Wilson in 1962; Tammy Grimes in 1963; Nat King Cole in 1966; Jose Feliciano in 1969; The Lemonheads in 1993; Kirsty MacColl in 1995; Linda Ronstadt in 1998; Bryan Ferry in 1999; Jenny Toomey, backed by theThe Pine Valley Cosmonauts in 2002; Clare Teal in 2003; Labelle and Patricia Barber in 2008; Rosemary Clooney, Lonnie Donegan, Billie Holiday, Richard Manuel, Carmen McRae, Bette Midler, The Mills Brothers, Joan Morris, Rufus Wainwright, Josh White, and many others.
Question:
"Born 1892, who composed the song ""Miss Otis Regrets""?"
Answer:
Cole Porter
Passage:
Tian Tian (male giant panda)
Tian Tian () is a 275-pound male giant panda at the National Zoo in Washington D.C. The panda was born on August 27, 1997, at the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda at the Wolong National Nature Reserve in Sichuan Province, to Yong Ba (mother) and Pan Pan (father). Tian Tian is the half-brother of the San Diego Zoo's Bai Yun.

Giant pandas are thought to be solitary creatures, except for mating season and mothers with young cubs.  In keeping with the habits of wild pandas, Tian is generally alone, although the zoo's female panda, Mei Xiang, and Tian are occasionally together outside of breeding season.  While Tai Shan was still at the National Zoo, Tian and Tai occasionally viewed each other through a mesh-opening in the fence and were aware of each other's presence through scent marking. Male Giant Pandas play no part in raising their young in the wild. Tian and Mei are trained to participate in a full medical examination, including a blood draw, without anesthesia. 

Fatherhood

Tian Tian is a  father by artificial insemination only. While he and Mei Xang have been given multiple opportunities to mate naturally--and both are interested in doing so--they have never gotten the positioning correct. This is a  problem with giant pandas born in captivity. In the summer of 2005, Mei gave birth to a male cub, Tai Shan, on July 9, 2005.[http://nationalzoo.si.edu/Animals/GiantPandas/default.cfm Giant Pandas - National Zoo| FONZ]  In keeping with the agreement made at the time Tian Tian and Mei Xiang arrived in the United States, Tai Shan left the National Zoo in February 2010 to return to his ancestral homeland. He flew to China on the same flight as his cousin Mei Lan, who was born at Zoo Atlanta.

Some of Tian Tian's semen was preserved cryogenically, and used when Mei Xiang was artificially inseminated in 2012.  Mei Xiang gave birth to a cub on the night of September 16, 2012.  The unnamed cub died of liver failure at a week old.

On August 23, 2013, at 5:30pm, Mei Xiang delivered a female cub who was later named Bao Bao. Her name was selected by the public and given on her 100th day of life. Approximately 23 hours after Bao Bao's birth, Mei Xiang delivered a second cub, also female, who was stillborn. Bao Bao lives at the National Zoo, and will be sent to China when she is four years old.

Tian Tian has been confirmed through genetic testing to be the father of two cubs, both male, born to Mei Xiang on August 22, 2015. One of the cubs was named Bei Bei by the respective wives of the American and Chinese presidents. The second cub died at 4 days old and was not named.
Question:
Tian Tian and Yang Guang are?
Answer:
Panda bear (disambiguation)
Passage:
Lincoln Imp
The Lincoln Imp is a grotesque on a wall inside Lincoln Cathedral, England, and it has become the symbol of the city of Lincoln. A legend tells of it being a creature sent to the cathedral by Satan, only to be turned into stone by an angel.

Legends

According to a 14th-century legend, two mischievous creatures called imps were sent by Satan to do evil work on Earth. After causing mayhem in Northern England, the two imps headed to Lincoln Cathedral, where they smashed tables and chairs and tripped up the Bishop. When an angel came out of a book of hymns and told them to stop, one of the imps was brave and started throwing rocks at the angel, but the other imp cowered under the broken tables and chairs. The angel turned the first imp to stone, giving the second imp a chance to escape.  It is said that even on still days it is always windy around the cathedral, which is the second imp circling the building looking for his friend.  

There are many variations on Lincoln Imp legends. According to one popular legend, the imp which escaped fled north to Grimsby, where it soon began making trouble. It entered  St. James' Church and began repeating its behaviour from Lincoln Cathedral. The angel reappeared and gave the imp's backside a good thrashing before turning it to stone as it had the first imp at Lincoln. The "Grimsby Imp" can still be seen in St James' Church, clinging to its sore bottom. Another legend has the escaped imp turned to stone just outside the cathedral, and sharp-eyed visitors can spot it on a South outside wall.  

Lincoln College, Oxford 

An 1899 reproduction of the Lincoln Imp also overlooked the Front Quad of Lincoln College, Oxford until 2000 when it was transferred to the bar (Deep Hall) and another Imp was erected in the traditional position above the entrance to Hall. This has given rise to a traditional Oxford expression: 'to look on someone like the Imp looks over Lincoln' as well as giving rise to the title of the college's undergraduate newspaper: The Lincoln Imp. The Lincoln Imp is also the mascot of the college boat club, an image of which is used to decorate the oars and jerseys of the men's 1st VIII.  

Wider use of the image 

The use of the figure is extremely widespread across both England and Scotland. It is hard to imagine that each image was aware of the Lincoln example. It must therefore be speculated that the form is a widespread image predating its use at Lincoln, and simply an everyday deity in the same mode as the "Green Man". In the 18th century it was a fairly popular door-knocker design.

The critical features of the form are: cloven feet; one leg raised so the foot rests on the other knee; both hands holding the raised leg; open mouth with sharp teeth; cow ears; hairy body. 

The Lincoln example is by far the best-known (and most public) example, hence the normal term "Lincoln Imp". Whilst most examples predate 1800 the term itself only seems to have become widespread at the end of the 19th century, presumably due to contemporary publicity regarding the cathedral's imp.

Lincoln City Football Club are nicknamed "The Imps," and an image of the Lincoln Imp appears on their crest. Also, the club's mascot is called Poacher the Imp.  Lincoln Hockey Club are also known by this name, and the image of the Lincoln Imp appears on their crest. The Lincoln Imp is the badge of No. LXI Squadron RAF. 

James Usher

James Ward Usher, local businessman and philanthropist, obtained sole rights to use the image of the Lincoln Imp in jewellry, in the late 19th century.  This seems to have contributed a great deal to his fame and wealth.
Question:
The imp is the symbol of which English city?
Answer:
Lincoln (Amtrak station)
Passage:
Fifth planet (hypothetical)
In the history of astronomy, a handful of Solar System bodies have been counted as the fifth planet from the Sun. Under the present definition of a planet, Jupiter is counted as the fifth.

Hypotheses 

There are three main ideas regarding hypothetical planets between Mars and Jupiter.

Asteroids 

During the early 19th century, as asteroids were discovered, they were considered planets. Jupiter became the sixth planet with the discovery of Ceres in 1801. Soon, three more asteroids, Pallas (1802), Juno (1804), and Vesta (1807) were discovered. They were counted as separate planets, despite the fact that they shared an orbit as defined by the Titius–Bode law. Between 1845 and 1851, eleven additional asteroids were discovered and Jupiter had become the twentieth planet. At this point, astronomers began to classify asteroids as minor planets.  Following the reclassification of the asteroids in their own group, Jupiter became the fifth planet once again. With the redefinition of the term planet in 2006, Ceres is now considered a dwarf planet.

The Disruption Theory 

A hypothetical planet between Mars and Jupiter has long been thought to have occupied the space where the asteroid belt is currently located. Scientists in the 20th century dubbed this hypothetical planet Phaeton. Today, the Phaeton hypothesis, superseded by the accretion model, has been discarded by the scientific community; however, some fringe scientists regard this theory as credible and even likely.

The Planet V Theory 

Based on simulations, NASA space scientists John Chambers and Jack Lissauer have proposed the existence of a planet between Mars and the asteroid belt, going in a successively eccentric and unstable orbit, 4 billion years ago. They connect this planet, which they name Planet V, and its disappearance with the Late Heavy Bombardment episode of the Hadean era.   Chambers and Lissauer also claim this Planet V most probably ended up crashing into the Sun. Unlike the Disruption Theory's fifth planet, "Planet V" is not credited with creating the asteroid belt.

Fifth planet in fiction 

The concept of a fifth planet which had been destroyed to make the asteroid belt, as in the Disruption Theory, has been a popular one in fiction.
Question:
What is the fifth planet from the sun?
Answer:
Physical characteristics of Jupiter
Passage:
Jeans Revolution
The Jeans Revolution (, transliteration: Džynsavaja revalucyja, ) was a term used by Belarus' democratic opposition to describe their protests following the 2006 Belarusian presidential election. 

Etymology

The Jeans Revolution was also referred to as the Cornflower Revolution (васильковая революция, in Russian media) and the Denim Revolution, in reference to the color blue as a parallel to the other color revolutions; however, unlike them, the Jeans Revolution did not bring radical changes to Belarusian politics and society.

History

The term was coined after a September 16, 2005 public demonstration against the policies of Alexander Lukashenko. On September 16, 1999, popular opposition leader  Viktor Gonchar disappeared; the present head of SOBR, Dmitri Pavlichenko, is suspected by the Council of Europe to be linked to Gonchar's disappearance.  The Belarusian police seized the  white-red-white flags used by the opposition and banned in the state, and an activist of the youth movement Zubr, Mikita Sasim (Belarusian: Мiкiта Сасiм, Russian: Никита Сасим), raised his denim shirt (commonly called "jeans shirt" in Russian), announcing this will be their flag instead.  This spontaneous incident was recognized to have a symbolic meaning. In the former  Soviet Union jeans were a symbol of the Western culture, and hence jeans were immediately recognized by Belarusian opposition as a symbol of protest against Lukashenko's Soviet-like policies, as well as the symbol that Belarusians are "not isolated" (from  the West)  Subsequently, Zubr suggested to wear jeans on 16th day of each month, in remembrance of alleged disappearances in Belarus. 

The term "Jeans Revolution" was brought to worldwide attention in reference to the demonstrations held in Minsk, the capital of Belarus, disputing the elections. Up to 40,000 protesters gathered in October Square on March 19, 2006, it is believed.

The protest against the outcome of the March 19 election began as soon as polls closed late Sunday, with more than 10,000 people gathering in the square. The protest dwindled since then. Each evening saw a smaller and smaller gathering—5,000 on Monday, 3,000 to 4,000 on Tuesday. As of March 23, only about 200 mostly youthful protesters remained concentrated around the opposition's tent camp erected on October Square in Minsk. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20060323/ts_afp/belarusvote_060323111428]

On March 24, authorities sent in riot police to clear out the makeshift tent camp in October Square and told them to disperse. State television emphasized a report from city police stating that no one was hurt in the operation. Some observers said the relatively gentle treatment of demonstrators suggested that Belarusian president may be attempting to react more sensitively given Western opinion. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060324/ts_nm/belarus_dc_50]

President Alexander Lukashenko earlier announced that protests similar to what occurred during the Orange, Rose, and Tulip Revolutions will not take place in Belarus, stating that "force will not be used" to claim the presidency. Belarus authorities vowed to crush unrest in the event of large-scale protests following the election. Despite the government's prediction, the rally after the election was the biggest the opposition had mustered in years, reaching at least 10,000, according to AP reporters' estimates.

On March 20, Alaksandar Milinkievič told to 7,000 supporters (smaller than Sunday's gathering) that they faced a long haul with their protests: "We, free people of Belarus, will never recognise the election. They are afraid of us. Their power is based on lies". However, Lukashenko renewed charges that his rivals had planned pro-Western revolts like those in ex-Soviet  Ukraine and Georgia.  "Let me say that the revolution that so many people talked about and some were preparing, has failed and it could not be otherwise", he stated during the news conference on his victory.

On March 25, the 45,000 protesters in Belarus met police that did not clash with them, because they were waiting for riot police, but they did not interfere. However, moving on, the protesters clashed with riot police and were eventually driven back. The riot police arrested more than 100 people along with Alexander Kozulin, a supporter of the protests and a candidate against Lukashenko. Kozulin was allegedly assaulted by the police during his arrest   and on July 14, 2006, was sentenced to five-and-a-half years imprisonment for his actions in the protests. 

Also on the 25, Milinkievič stated that he hoped for a monthlong cease in protests, apparently hoping that he could build up opposition and calm angst.

The opposition movement, especially the post-election protests, was documented by Belarusian filmmaker Yury Khashchavatski in his film Kalinoŭvski Square.
Question:
In which East European country did the 2006 Jeans revolution take place?
Answer:
Vitryssland
Passage:
Tincture
A tincture is typically an alcoholic extract of plant or animal material or solution of such, or of a low volatility substance (such as iodine and mercurochrome). To qualify as an alcoholic tincture, the extract should have an ethanol percentage of at least 25–60% (50–120 US proof). Sometimes an alcohol concentration as high as 90% (180 US proof) is used in such a tincture.  In herbal medicine, alcoholic tinctures are made with various  ethanol concentrations, 25% being the most common.

Herbal tinctures are not always made using ethanol as the solvent, though this is most commonly the case. Other solvents include vinegar, glycerol, diethyl ether and propylene glycol, not all of which can be used for internal consumption. Ethanol has the advantage of being an excellent solvent for both acidic and basic (alkaline) constituents.Glycerine can also be used, but when used in tincturing fashion is generally a poorer solvent. Vinegar, being acidic, is a better solvent for obtaining alkaloids but a poorer solvent for acidic components. For individuals who choose not to ingest alcohol, non-alcoholic e,g., (glycerite) extracts offer an alternative for preparations meant to be taken internally.

Some solutions of volatile or nonvolatile substances are traditionally called spirits, regardless of whether obtained by distillation or not and whether or not they even contain alcohol.
In chemistry, a tincture is a solution that has alcohol as its solvent.

Method of preparation

*Herbs are put in a container and a spirit of 40% or more ethanol is added, for example, 80 proof vodka or 190 proof rectified spirit (such as Everclear).
*The jar is left to stand for 2–3 weeks and shaken occasionally in order to maximize extraction.

More accurate measuring can be done by combining 1 part herbs with a water-ethanol mixture of 2–10 parts, depending on the herb itself. For most tinctures, however, 1 part water to 5 parts ethanol is typical.

Examples

Some examples that were formerly common in medicine  include:
* Tincture of Benzoin
* Tincture of cannabis
* Tincture of cantharides
* Tincture of Castoreum
* Tincture of ferric citrochloride, a chelate of citric acid and Iron(III) chloride
* Tincture of green soap, which classically contains lavender oil
* Tincture of guaiac gum
* Tincture of iodine
* Tincture of opium, (laudanum)
* Camphorated opium tincture (paregoric)
* Tincture of Pennyroyal
* Warburg's Tincture, ("Tinctura Antiperiodica" or "Antiperiodic Tincture", a 19th-century antipyretic)

Examples of spirits include:
* Spirit of ammonia (spirits of hartshorn)
* Spirit of camphor
* Spirit of ether, a solution of diethyl ether in alcohol
* "Spirit of Mindererus", ammonium acetate in alcohol
* "Spirit of nitre" is not a spirit in this sense, but an old name for nitric acid (but "sweet spirit of nitre" was ethyl nitrite)
* Similarly "spirit(s) of salt" actually meant hydrochloric acid. The concentrated, fuming, 35% acid is still sold under this name in the UK, for use as a drain-cleaning fluid.
* "Spirit of vinegar" is an antiquated term for glacial acetic acid
* "Spirit of vitriol" is an antiquated term for sulfuric acid
* "Spirit of wine" or "spirits of wine" is an old term for alcohol (especially food grade alcohol derived from the distillation of wine)
* "Spirit of wood" referred to methanol, often derived from the destructive distillation of wood

Advantages

Ethanol is able to dissolve substances which are less soluble in water, while at the same time the water content can dissolve the substances less soluble in ethanol. One can sometimes vary the proportion of ethanol and water to produce tinctures with different characteristics due to the distinct solvent properties of these two. Tincture of calendula is commonly tinctured at either 25% or 90% ethanol. The alcohol content also acts as a preservative.It is widely employed as solvent for extraction.

Disadvantages

Ethanol has a tendency to denature some organic compounds, rendering them so changed as to be ineffective. This is one reason why ethanol is an antimicrobial. This tendency can also have undesirable effects when extracting botanical constituents, for instance, polysaccharides. Certain other constituents, common among them proteins, can become irreversibly denatured, or "pickled" in a manner of speaking. Also, extracted for highly complex aromatic components are denatured by alcohol's intrinsic cleaving action upon an aromatic's complex structure into simpler inert-rendered compounds. A basic tenet of organic chemistry teaches that any time a biologically viable component is denatured, it will reduce or negate its prior biological viability. This fact must be considered by the clinician and/or consumer from both the standpoint of efficacy and dosage when choosing ethanol-based botanical tinctures.

Ether and propylene glycol based tinctures are not suitable for internal consumption, although they are used in preparations for external use, such as personal care cremes and ointments.
Question:
In medicine, how was a tincture of opium known?
Answer:
Opium tincture
Passage:
9780140139648: Macca Can! - AbeBooks - McMahon, Steve ...
9780140139648: Macca Can! - AbeBooks - McMahon, Steve; Harris, Harry: 0140139648
McMahon, Steve; Harris, Harry
ISBN 10: 0140139648 ISBN 13: 9780140139648
Publisher: Penguin Books Ltd, 1991
Synopsis
Steve McMahon's autobiography is an account of his football career and personal life. It offers an insider's view of the events on and off the field in England's 1990 World Cup campaign as well as a first hand account of life behind the scenes at Liverpool Football Club.
"synopsis" may belong to another edition of this title.
Other Popular Editions of the Same Title
Featured Edition
ISBN 10:  0720719909 ISBN 13:  9780720719901
Publisher: Pelham Books, 1990
Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought:
Top Search Results from the AbeBooks Marketplace
Stock Image
Published by Penguin Books Ltd (1991)
ISBN 10: 0140139648 ISBN 13: 9780140139648
Used Paperback Quantity Available: 1
Seller
Rating
[?]
Book Description Penguin Books Ltd, 1991. Paperback. Book Condition: Very Good. Macca Can! This book is in very good condition and will be shipped within 24 hours of ordering. The cover may have some limited signs of wear but the pages are clean, intact and the spine remains undamaged. This book has clearly been well maintained and looked after thus far. Money back guarantee if you are not satisfied. See all our books here, order more than 1 book and get discounted shipping. . Bookseller Inventory # 7719-9780140139648
Question:
The book Macca Can was about which ex-Liverpool footballer?
Answer:
Stephen McMahon
Passage:
John Lloyd (tennis)
John Lloyd (born 27 August 1954) is a former professional tennis player who reached an ATP world ranking of 21 from 23 July 1978 to 30 July 1978 and who was ranked as UK number 1 in 1984 and 1985.  He now works as sports commentator.

During his career, he reached one Grand Slam singles final and won three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles with tennis partner Wendy Turnbull, the French Open in 1982 and Wimbledon in 1983 and 1984. Also, Lloyd scored 27 wins and 24 losses with the Great Britain Davis Cup team.

He was the first husband of the former top woman player Chris Evert and is the younger brother of the former British Davis Cup captain David Lloyd. 
He served as the British Davis Cup Captain Himself from August 2006 – March 2010. 
He is a Member of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club.

Education

Lloyd was educated at Southend High School for Boys, a state grammar school in Southend-on-Sea in Essex, in South East England. 

Life and career

At the Australian Open in December 1977, Lloyd became the first British male tennis player in the Open era to reach a Grand Slam singles final. He lost in five sets to America's Vitas Gerulaitis 6–3, 7–6, 5–7, 3–6, 6–2. No other British player reached a Grand Slam final for 20 years, until British-Canadian Greg Rusedski reached the US Open final in 1997. In 1984 he reached the quarter-finals of the US Open. Lloyd never progressed beyond the third round in singles play at Wimbledon.

Though he never won a Grand Slam singles titles, Lloyd did win three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles partnering Australia's Wendy Turnbull, beginning with the French Open mixed doubles in 1982. The pair finished runners-up in the mixed doubles at Wimbledon that year, and then went on to win the Wimbledon mixed doubles crown in both 1983 and 1984.

Lloyd's career-high singles ranking was World No. 21 in 1978. He was a member of the British team that reached the final of the Davis Cup that year with Lloyd himself losing in straight sets in the singles to Brian Gottfried and to a 19-year-old John McEnroe.  As a player, he represented the British Davis Cup team for 11 years.
His career-high doubles ranking was World No. 34 in 1986.
As his playing career came to an end, Lloyd stayed within the tennis world, finding work as a coach and television commentator, and appearing on the veterans circuit.

In 2006, Lloyd was appointed the captain of Great Britain's Davis Cup team, replacing Jeremy Bates.  Lloyd's reign started very well, with successive victories taking the team back into the World Group, but after the retirement of both Greg Rusedski and Tim Henman in 2007 the team suffered five successive defeats, their worst run in Davis Cup history, to drop back down to the third tier of the competition. Lloyd resigned as coach in mid-2010. 

Commentator

Since the 1990s, Lloyd has been a commentator and analyst for the BBC's tennis coverage, particularly at Wimbledon. Lloyd is known for his trademark catchphrases, using the analogy of food and drink to describe tennis shots. For example, if a shot is too weak he will claim that it was "undercooked" or "needed more mustard." Conversely, if a shot is overhit he will describe it as "overcooked", having "too much juice", or "having too much mustard."

He worked for Sky Sports on their coverage of the US Open 2009.

Personal life

In 1979, Lloyd married the World No. 1 woman player, American Chris Evert (who became Chris Evert-Lloyd). The media-styled "golden couple" of tennis enjoyed several years in the limelight before a separation, a short-lived reconciliation, and eventual divorce in 1987. Because of Evert's higher profile tennis career, Lloyd was sometimes jokingly referred to in the press as "Mr. Evert". 

Lloyd is a supporter of the football team Wolverhampton Wanderers. It is because of Lloyd's influence that Andy Murray is also a Wolves fan and is often seen wearing the Wolves shirt that was presented to him by Lloyd. 

Grand Slam finals

Singles : 1 (1 runner-up)

Mixed doubles (4)

Wins (3)

Runners-up (1)

Grand Prix Championship Series singles finals 

Runner-up (1)

Other career titles

Singles (1)

Doubles (2)

References and notes
Question:
Which Australian tennis player twice partnered Britain’s John Lloyd to win the mixed doubles at Wimbledon/
Answer:
Wendy Turnbull
Passage:
Poll: Best Long Running British TV Comedy - IMDb
Poll: Best Long Running British TV Comedy - IMDb - IMDb
Poll: Best Long Running British TV Comedy
A poll by cartman_1337 .
Which of these UK TV comedy shows* that lasted at least 4 series is the funniest?
*Scripted mainly comedy shows, no talk shows, game shows or shows where the comedy part was secondary/incidental, and only entirely UK productions. Limited to the 31 most popular shows based on IMDb ratings (2,000 votes or more) plus the 4 longest running shows with fewer votes.
Check out this poll for shows that lasted less than 4 series.
5 series, but significantly longer series than common in UK
See more▼See less▲
A Bit of Fry and Laurie (1987)
4 series
Are You Being Served? (1972)
10 series
The Benny Hill Show (1969)
19 series
How Not to Live Your Life (2007)
4 series
Last of the Summer Wine (1973)
31 series
British Men Behaving Badly (1992)
7 series
Monty Python's Flying Circus (1969)
4 series
One Foot in the Grave (1990)
6 series
Only Fools and Horses.... (1981)
9 series
That Mitchell and Webb Look (2006)
4 series
The Thick of It (2005)
4 series
The Vicar of Dibley (1994)
5 series
Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps (2001)
9 series
Question:
Name British Television's longest running comedy series
Answer:
Last of The Summer Wine
Passage:
Bouvier des Flandres : Dog Breed Selector : Animal Planet
Bouvier des Flandres : Dog Breed Selector : Animal Planet
Watch Video
The bouvier des Flandres is not a breed that can be put aside until the mood strikes to play with it. It needs daily exercise and daily interaction, and a lot of both. It loves the chance to herd, but its requirements can also be met with a good jog, a very long walk or a vigorous play session. It can live outdoors in temperate to cool climates. It makes a good house dog, however, and would prefer access to both house and yard. Its harsh coat needs combing once or twice weekly, plus scissoring and shaping (clipping for pets and stripping for show dogs) every three months.
 Major concerns: CHD
Watch Video
The bouvier des Flandres served farmers and cattle merchants in controlling cattle in the great farmlands of southwest Flanders and on the French northern plain. In fact, bouvier means "cowherd" or "oxherd" in French, although the dogs were formerly more often called vuilbaard (dirty beard) or koe hond (cow dog). Besides its main duty as a cattle drover, the bouvier was an all-around farm dog, functioning also as a livestock and farm guard and draft dog. As expected from a dog selected to perform a variety of tasks, these working dogs were of a variety of types, colors and even sizes. This wide variety also reflected the fact that this was a working dog, and breeding stock was chosen by ability, not pedigree or esthetics. The derivation of the breed is not documented but may have included mastiff, sheepdog and possibly even spaniel breeds. The first breed standard, drawn up in 1912, reflected this diversity of types and signaled a growing interest in the breed from dog fanciers. In the midst of the breed's rising popularity, most of the bouviers were lost in World War I  although some served as ambulance and messenger dogs during the war. One of the few survivors was of such superior quality that the breed was successfully revived through his progeny. This dog, Ch. Nic de Sottegem, can be found in virtually every modern bouvier pedigree. In 1922, a revised standard further defined the desirable bouvier type, and helped pave the way to a more homogeneous breed. When the first bouviers entered American show rings in the 1930s, they aroused much attention among dog fanciers. The breed has never become extremely popular, but it is well-known at dog shows and herding trials.
Question:
A Bouvier is what type of animal?
Answer:
Domestic dogs
Passage:
The Country of the Blind
"The Country of the Blind" is a short story written by H. G. Wells. It was first published in the April 1904 issue of The Strand Magazine and included in a 1911 collection of Wells's short stories, The Country of the Blind and Other Stories. It is one of Wells's best known short stories, and features prominently in literature dealing with blindness.

Wells later revised the story, with the expanded version first published by an English private printer, Golden Cockerel Press, in 1939.

Plot summary

While attempting to summit the unconquered crest of Parascotopetl (a fictitious mountain in Ecuador), a mountaineer named Nuñez (prn: noon-yes) slips and falls down the far side of the mountain. At the end of his descent, down a snow-slope in the mountain's shadow, he finds a valley, cut off from the rest of the world on all sides by steep precipices. Unbeknownst to Nuñez, he has discovered the fabled "Country of the Blind". The valley had been a haven for settlers fleeing the tyranny of Spanish rulers, until an earthquake reshaped the surrounding mountains, cutting the valley off forever from future explorers. The isolated community prospered over the years, despite a disease that struck them early on, rendering all newborns blind. As the blindness slowly spreads over many generations, the people's remaining senses sharpened, and by the time the last sighted villager had died, the community had fully adapted to life without sight.

Nuñez descends into the valley and finds an unusual village with windowless houses and a network of paths, all bordered by curbs. Upon discovering that everyone is blind, Nuñez begins reciting to himself the refrain, "In the Country of the Blind, the One-Eyed Man is King". He realises that he can teach and rule them, but the villagers have no concept of sight, and do not understand his attempts to explain this fifth sense to them. Frustrated, Nuñez becomes angry, but the villagers calm him, and he reluctantly submits to their way of life, because returning to the outside world seems impossible.

Nuñez is assigned to work for a villager named Yacob. He becomes attracted to Yacob's youngest daughter, Medina-Saroté. Nuñez and Medina-Saroté soon fall in love with one another, and having won her confidence, Nuñez slowly starts trying to explain sight to her. Medina-Saroté, however, simply dismisses it as his imagination. When Nuñez asks for her hand in marriage, he is turned down by the village elders on account of his "unstable" obsession with "sight". The village doctor suggests that Nuñez's eyes be removed, claiming that they are diseased and are affecting his brain. Nuñez reluctantly consents to the operation because of his love for Medina-Saroté. However, at sunrise on the day of the operation, while all the villagers are asleep, Nuñez, the failed King of the Blind, sets off for the mountains (without provisions or equipment), hoping to find a passage to the outside world, and escape the valley.

In the original story, Nuñez climbs high into the surrounding mountains until night falls, and he rests, weak with cuts and bruises, but happy that he has escaped the valley. His fate is not revealed. In the revised and expanded 1939 version of the story, Nuñez sees from a distance that there is about to be a rock slide. He attempts to warn the villagers, but again they scoff at his "imagined" sight. He flees the valley during the slide, taking Medina-Saroté with him.

Characters

*Nuñez – a mountaineer from Bogotá, Colombia
*Yacob – Nuñez's master
*Medina-Saroté – the youngest daughter of Yacob

Adaptations

*Several radio adaptations of the story have been produced. Escape aired debuted its adaptation starring Raymond Burr Thanksgiving week, 1947, which featured a different ending in which Nuñez escapes the Valley alone (and thus is able to tell the story in-character), but goes blind in the process due to the constant glare from the snow. Another episode of Escape aired 6/27/1948, starring Paul Frees. In 1954, 1957 and 1959 the CBS radio series Suspense rebroadcast this version. CBS Radio Mystery Theater aired another radio adaptation May 7, 1979. The episode was titled "Search for Eden" (episode 977) and the main characters' names were changed—Nunez was renamed Carlos and Medina-Saroté was renamed Eva. The BBC folded the story in two others by Wells for a BBC Radio 4 Extra entitled "The Door in the Wall", also with a twist at the end in which the storyteller reveals himself to be the tale's protagonist. 
*A teleplay written by Frank Gabrielsen was produced in 1962 for the TV series The DuPont Show of the Week. The title of the hour-long episode was "The Richest Man in Bogota", and it aired on 17 June 1962.  It starred Lee Marvin as Juan de Nuñez, and Míriam Colón as "Marina" (not Medina-Saroté, as in the original story).
*The Russian studio Soyuzmultfilm made a wordless 19-minute animated film adaptation in 1995 called Land of Blind (Страна Слепых). 
*The composer Mark-Anthony Turnage wrote a chamber opera based on the story, completed in 1997.
*A stage production was written by Frank Higgins; the only production to date has been in The Coterie Theater in Kansas City, Missouri in 2006.
Question:
"Who said ""In the Country of the Blind The One-eyed Man is King?"
Answer:
Herbet wells
Passage:
Willie John McBride
William James McBride, MBE, better known as Willie John McBride (born 6 June 1940) is a former rugby union footballer who played as a lock for Ireland and the British and Irish Lions. He played 63 Tests for Ireland including eleven as captain, and toured with the Lions five times — a record that gave him 17 Lions Test caps. He also captained the most successful ever Lions side which toured South Africa in 1974.

Youth

McBride was born at Toomebridge, County Antrim.  Owing to his father's death when he was five years old, he spent most of his spare time helping out on his family farm.  Because of this he did not start playing rugby until he was 17. He was educated at Ballymena Academy and played for the school's First XV. After he left he joined 
Ballymena R.F.C..

Playing career

In 1962 was selected to play for Ireland. His  first Test on 10 February 1962 was against England at Twickenham. Later that year he was selected to tour South Africa with the British and Irish Lions.

McBride continued to play for Ireland throughout the 1960s and played for Ireland when they first defeated South Africa (the Springboks) in 1965, and when Ireland defeated Australia in Sydney — the first time a Home Nations team had defeated a major southern hemisphere team in their own country. He was again selected for the Lions in 1966, this time touring New Zealand and Australia. He toured South Africa with the Lions again in 1968.

He was selected to play for the Lions in their 1971 tour of New Zealand. Despite being criticized by some as being "over the hill", McBride was made pack leader and helped the Lions to a Test series win over New Zealand; their first and last series win over New Zealand. He received an MBE in 1971 for services to rugby football.

1974 Lions tour to South Africa

McBride's outstanding leadership qualities led to his appointment as captain of the British and Irish Lions in their 1974 tour to South Africa. The Test series was won 3-0, with one match drawn — the first Lions series ever won in South Africa. It was one of the most controversial and physical Test match series ever played. The management of the Lions concluded that the Springboks dominated their opponents with physical aggression, and so decided to match fire with fire.  Willie John McBride instigated a policy of "one in, all in" - that is, when one Lion retaliated, all other Lions were expected to join in the melee or hit the nearest Springbok. 

At that time there were only substitutions if a doctor agreed that a player was physically unable to continue and there were no video cameras and sideline officials to keep the punching, kicking, and head butting to a minimum. If the South Africans were to resort to foul play then the Lions decided "to get their retaliation in first." The signal for this was to call "99" (a shortened version of the emergency number in the United Kingdom — 999). This was a signal for the Lions to clobber their nearest rival players.

Retirement

In 1975 as his international career was ending he played his last game for Ireland at Lansdowne Road. The game was against France and near the end of the match, he scored his first Test try for Ireland. It was the crowning moment of a great playing career. His last international game was against Wales on Saturday 15 March 1975.  

After retiring from playing the game, McBride coached the Irish team and was manager of the 1983 Lions tour to New Zealand. Despite the test results being mainly poor, team camaraderie was high and some good wins were recorded in other games. In 1997 he was an inaugural inductee into the International Rugby Hall of Fame. He lives in Ballyclare. He has been asked to present Test jerseys and give motivational speeches to Lions players prior to matches. In 2004 he was named in Rugby World magazine as "Rugby Personality of the Century". He is a major supporter of the Wooden Spoon Society. 

He is remembered by members and supporters of Stockport Rugby Club for attending the Glengarth Sevens with a lion cub from Longleat, helping to raise money for the charity and adding to the atmosphere and help upkeep the reputation of sevens rugby at Stockport.
Question:
Willie John McBride is a name associated with which sport?
Answer:
Rugby union footballer
