Passage:
Nippy
This article is about J. Lyons waitresses. For the baby accessory, see pacifier.

A nippy was a  waitress who worked in the J. Lyons & Co tea shops and cafes in London.  Beginning in the late 19th century, a J. Lyons waitress was called a "Gladys".  From 1926, because the waitresses nipped (moved quickly) around the tea shops, and the term "Nippy" came into use.   Nippies wore a distinctive maid-like uniform with a matching hat. 

Image and reality

By the 1920s it was already long established in the advertising world that attractive females could sell products, and the tea business of J Lyons & Co was no exception.  Nippies appeared in all manner of advertising, on product packages, and on promotional items.  The Nippy soon became a national icon.  Unlike other endorsements of the day, which often took the form of popular celebrities or cartoon characters, a Nippy was accessible and close to home.  A Nippy was someone who could be seen and interacted with every day, and perhaps this was part of the appeal of the concept.  J. Lyons was very careful to maintain the Nippy image as wholesome and proper — strict cleanliness standards applied for Nippy uniforms, and before World War II  J. Lyons would not hire married women as Nippies. So popular was the image that miniature Nippy outfits were popular for children dressing up for special events such as fetes.

Typical pay and conditions

In the mid 1930s, for example in Brighton, a Nippy worked 54 hours per week (11.45a.m. to 11.45p.m.), for 26 shillings per week (£1.30), with 2/6 (two shillings and sixpence, £0.125) extra for working at weekends. She had to pay for the laundering of her uniform, which was made of bombazine-type material with red buttons from the neck downwards.

In popular culture

The British prime minister Margaret Thatcher worked at J. Lyons & Co for a brief period in the late 1940s as a research chemist at their laboratories in Hammersmith, London.   So, while she was a female employee of J. Lyons & Co during the period when Nippies existed, contrary to myth Thatcher was never a Nippy herself.

In an episode of the sit-com Are You Being Served? entitled "The Junior", the character Mrs. Slocombe was embarrassed that she used to work as a nippy. 

In Dorothy Sayers's 1927 mystery novel Unnatural Death, when a young woman's body is found the "Daily Yell" newspaper prints the story under the headline "'Nippy' Found Dead in Epping Forest." 

Nippy, the musical

In 1930, the nippy concept was adapted into a hit musical comedy called Nippy, produced at the Golders Green Hippodrome.  Popular actress Binnie Hale played the nippy in question.  The book was written by Arthur Wimperis and Austin Melford, Billy Mayerl wrote the music, and Wimperis and Frank Eyton wrote the lyrics.  Several records were released with songs from the musical, such as the title song and the lively "The Toy Town Party" sung in the show by Hale. Another of Mayerl's lesser known but attractive melodies from the show was "It must be you".
Question:
Which restaurant chain employed waitresses known as 'Nippies' ?
Answer:
J. Lyons & Co. Ltd.
Passage:
Sorbus
Sorbus is a genus of about 100–200 species of trees and shrubs in the Rose family Rosaceae.  Species of Sorbus (s.l.) are commonly known as whitebeam, rowan, service tree, and mountain-ash.  The exact number of species is disputed depending on the circumscription of the genus, and also due to the number of apomictic microspecies, which some treat as distinct species but others group in a smaller number of variable species.  Recent treatments Robertson, K. R., J. B. Phipps, J. R. Rohrer, and P. G. Smith. 1991. A Synopsis of Genera in Maloideae (Rosaceae). Systematic Botany 16: 376–394.McAllister, H. 2005. The Genus Sorbus: Mountain Ash and Other Rowans. Richmond, Surrey, UK: Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.Potter, D., T. Eriksson, R. C. Evans, S.-H. Oh, J. E. E. Smedmark, D.R. Morgan, M. S. Kerr, and C. S. Campbell. (2007). Phylogeny and classification of Rosaceae. Plant Systematics and Evolution. 266(1–2): 5–43.Campbell C. S., R. C. Evans, D. R. Morgan, T. A. Dickinson, and M. P. Arsenault. 2007. Phylogeny of subtribe Pyrinae (formerly the Maloideae, Rosaceae):
Limited resolution of a complex evolutionary history. Pl. Syst. Evol. 266: 119–145. treat Sorbus in a narrower sense to include only the pinnate leaved species of subgenus Sorbus, raising several of the other subgenera to generic rank.  

Sorbus is unrelated to the true ash trees which belong to the genus Fraxinus, although the leaves are superficially similar.

As treated in its broad sense, the genus is divided into two main and three or four small subgenera (with more recent generic assignments in parentheses):

*Sorbus subgenus Sorbus (genus Sorbus s.s.), commonly known as the rowan (primarily in the UK) or mountain-ash (in both North America and the UK), with compound leaves usually hairless or thinly hairy below; fruit carpels not fused; the type is Sorbus aucuparia (European rowan). Distribution: cool-temperate Northern Hemisphere. (Genus Sorbus s.s.)
*Sorbus subgenus Aria (genus Aria), the whitebeam, with simple leaves usually strongly white-hairy below (hence the name, from German Weissbaum, 'white tree'); fruit carpels not fused; the type is  Sorbus aria (common whitebeam). Distribution: temperate Europe & Asia.

*Sorbus subgenus Micromeles (genus Aria), an indistinct group of a few east Asian species (e.g. Sorbus alnifolia, Korean whitebeam) with narrow leaves; doubtfully distinct from and often included in subgenus Aria. Distribution: temperate northeast Asia.

*Sorbus subgenus Cormus (genus Cormus), with compound leaves similar to subgenus Sorbus, but with distinct fused carpels in the fruit; just one species, Sorbus domestica (True Service Tree). Distribution: North Africa, warm-temperate Europe, West Asia.
*Sorbus subgenus Torminaria (genus Torminalis), with rather maple-like lobed leaves with pointed lobes; fruit carpels not fused; just one species, Sorbus torminalis (Wild Service Tree). Distribution: temperate Europe, south to the mountains of North Africa and east to the Caucasus ranges.
*Sorbus subgenus Chamaemespilus (genus Chamaemespilus), a single shrubby species Sorbus chamaemespilus (false medlar) with simple, glabrous leaves and pink flowers with erect sepals and petals. Distribution: mountains of southern Europe.
*Hybrids are common in the genus, including many between the subgenera; very often these hybrids are apomictic (self-fertile without pollination), so able to reproduce clonally from seed without any variation. This has led to a very large number of microspecies, particularly in western Europe (including Britain) and parts of China.

Sorbus species are used as food plants by the larvae of some moth species—see list of Lepidoptera that feed on Sorbus.

Wine

Sorbus was also a fortified Finnish fruit wine flavoured with rowan berries (sold until August 21, 2010). Sorbus domestica is used to flavour some apple wines, see Apfelwein.
Question:
Sorbus is the generic name given to which trees?
Answer:
Sorbus subg. Sorbus
Passage:
We Bring Good Things to Life
"We Bring Good Things to Life" was an advertising slogan used by General Electric between 1979 and 2003.  It was designed by the advertising firm BBDO led by project manager Richard Costello, who would later go on to become head of advertising at General Electric. The slogan was designed to highlight the diversity of the products and services the company offered. The slogan, after its many appearances in GE advertising, was responsible for increased popularity and a new image for the company.

Overview 

For many, the name General Electric brings to mind the company’s famous slogan “We Bring Good Things to Life.” The slogan is a reflection of the company that has moved far beyond its origins as an electric generating company and maker of electrical appliances.  By the 1990s, GE had become a highly diversified worldwide conglomerate that continued to sell lighting products and appliances; but also dealt in aircraft engines, capital services, industrial systems, information services, medical systems, plastics, power systems, and transportation systems. GE’s 1986 acquisition of RCA, which included the NBC network, signaled a gradual shift in company emphasis to service and technology industries.  GE was the only company that had remained on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index since 1896.  Its “We Bring Good Things to Life” advertising campaign focused on GE’s message and helped it bring all of the company’s interests to the public’s attention under one umbrella theme.

Historical context 

General Electric was created in 1892 when Thomas Edison’s Edison Electric Company merged with Thomson-Houston. GE was heavily involved in the electrification of railways in the late 1880s and by the turn of the century was manufacturing everything related to electrification from industrial electric motors to light bulbs and locomotives. In 1896, GE and the Westinghouse Company entered into a patent pool, effectively eliminating competition in the electrification industry in an era when the United States was entering the electric age. 

From its beginnings, GE emphasized research to create many products and product improvements. The company has been awarded more patents than almost any other company in the United States.  GE began creating consumer products in the early 20th century, beginning with a line of toasters. After GE merged with other companies, more and more consumer appliances such as irons and refrigerators began to be sold under the GE or Hotpoint brand names.

By the 1970s, GE had shifted once again to a focus to the service and high-tech fields. In this increasingly diversified market, the company saw that a more comprehensive advertising strategy was needed. Prior to 1979, GE’s image was primarily that of an appliance company. Each one of the company’s products and services used its own advertising theme, not an overall company slogan. To remedy the situation, the advertising agency BBDO began to develop the “We Bring Good Things to Life” campaign to create a unified brand image.

A far more likely source of the campaign idea may come more directly from the words of one of General Electric's most famous employees Charles Proteus Steinmetz (1865-1923) who is quoted as saying of his work: "Some day we make the good things of life for everybody."  

Target market 

Market research done by BBDO showed that in the 1970s, GE was still seen as a dependable and trusted American company, but a typical GE customer was perceived to be older, low-income, blue-collar, and unsophisticated, and GE products to be somewhat old fashioned and below standard. As a result, except in the area of lighting products, brand commitment to GE lagged behind its competitors. GE saw the need to change the company’s brand recognition and to create an updated, single message that could translate across many product lines and services. GE’s stated objective for the new campaign was to increase customer awareness of GE products and to foster more product loyalty. Additionally, GE sought to increase employee morale and heighten its image in the financial world, in government, in the retail business sector, and in public consciousness. GE also tried to stimulate a more upscale consumer base, made up of adults between the ages of 25 and 54. The new campaign was more appropriate to the information age, in which consumers were constantly bombarded with advertising images from a variety of media.

Marketing strategy 

When GE advertising was consolidated in 1979 with BBDO, the “Good Things” slogan was not only incorporated into media ads but also induced on all packaging, spec sheets and brochures, and service trucks. When GE sponsored a television program, the ad agency used a number of “We Bring Good Things to Life” commercials, each telling the GE story in a different way. Aside from promoting products and services, GE commercials and print ads began to project a new corporate image, stressing how the company’s products and services had enhanced people’s lives. Since GE had previously been identified with consumer products, this shift in emphasis was significant. The advertising budget on this campaign was approximately $100 million.

Outcome 

“We Bring Good Things to Life” was extremely successful and became the longest running corporate advertising campaign. It did not take long for consumers to see GE as more than a producer of electrical household products. By the early 1990s, GE was among the most recognized brands in the United States along with Coca-Cola and IBM. According to research by BBDO, consumers were also beginning to see GE as a more competitive, energetic, and approachable company than ever before, and the consumer base was becoming younger and more affluent. The company also ranked high in customer satisfaction after the release of this advertising campaign.

Notes
Question:
What company advertises "We bring good things to life."?
Answer:
Edison General Electric
Passage:
Soubise sauce
Soubise sauce is an onion sauce. It is based on Béchamel sauce, with the addition of onion purée.  

Soubise sauce was originally a slow-cooked onion and rice mixture used on roasted meats, game, poultry and vegetables. Over the years, and through the hands of many chefs, it now has many variations. The simplest contains 3 ingredients, not counting salt and pepper. Most current chefs omit the rice and the cream in favor of onion, butter and beef broth. The finished product is very creamy and rich when pureed.
Question:
In cookery, which vegetable is the basis for 'Soubise Sauce'?
Answer:
Kelly (cartoonist)
Passage:
Oil of clove
Oil of clove, also known as clove oil, is an essential oil extracted from the clove plant, Syzygium aromaticum.  It has the CAS number 8000-34-8.

Clove oil is a natural analgesic and antiseptic, used primarily in dentistry for its main ingredient eugenol. It can also be purchased in pharmacies over the counter as a home remedy for dental pain relief, mainly toothache.  It is also often found in the aromatherapy section of health food stores, and is used in the flavoring of some medicines. Madagascar and Indonesia are the main producers of clove oil. 

Clove oil is used widely in microscopical preparation, as it is miscible with Canada balsam, and has a similar refractive index to glass (1.53).

Oil of clove is also used as an ingredient in cat deterrent sprays, coupled with garlic oil, sodium lauryl sulfate, and other ingredients.

Types

There are three types of clove oil:
* Bud oil is derived from the flower-buds of S. aromaticum. It consists of 60–90% eugenol, eugenyl acetate, caryophyllene and other minor constituents.
* Leaf oil is derived from the leaves of S. aromaticum. It consists of 82–88% eugenol with little or no eugenyl acetate, and minor constituents.
* Stem oil is derived from the twigs of S. aromaticum. It consists of 90–95% eugenol, with other minor constituents.

Uses 

Clove oil has been promoted as having a wide range of health effects, but there is insufficient medical evidence to support general claims for its use as a therapeutic. 

Toothache 

Particularly in South Korea and India, eugenol, a phytochemical extracted from clove oil, is used to relieve toothache.  Applied to a cavity in a decayed tooth or tooth socket remaining after extraction, eugenol or clove oil can relieve toothache temporarily.   The potential mechanisms for how eugenol may inhibit dental pain are under active research. 

In the United States, the FDA considers eugenol ineffective for treating dental pain, and has downgraded clove oil as an analgesic due to insufficient evidence to rate its effectiveness.

Use on fish

Clove oil is commonly used to anesthetize or euthanize laboratory or pet fish.  

Toxicity

Little is known of the safety of taking clove oil in large amounts.  Serious effects have been reported in young children, even with small doses.

Regulation

In Germany, Commission E permits the sale and administration of clove oil as a medicinal herb.
Question:
Oil of Cloves is traditionally used to treat the pain in which part of the human body?
Answer:
Tooth root
Passage:
Strong's Hebrew: 2345. חוּם (chum) -- darkened, dark brown ...
Strong's Hebrew: 2345. חוּם (chum) -- darkened, dark brown or black
darkened, dark brown or black
NASB Translation
black (3), black ones (1).
Brown-Driver-Briggs
חוּם adjective darkened, dark brown or black, only of colour of sheep (in Genesis 30 , J); — וכלשֶֿׂהחֿוּם בכשׂבים Genesis 30:32 , ׳וְחוּם בכ Genesis 30:33 ,35, וכלחֿוּם בְּצאֹן Genesis 30:40 (clause probably interpolated Ol Hup De We Di).
חוֺמָה see below חמה.
Strong's Exhaustive Concordance
brown
From an unused root meaning to be warm, i.e. (by implication) sunburnt or swarthy (blackish) -- brown.
Forms and Transliterations
וְחוּם֙ וחום ח֖וּם חוּם֙ חום chum ḥūm veChum wə·ḥūm wəḥūm
Links
HEB: וְכָל־ שֶׂה־ חוּם֙ בַּכְּשָׂבִ֔ים וְטָל֥וּא
NAS: and every black one
KJV: cattle, and all the brown cattle
INT: and every one black the lambs and the spotted
HEB: וְטָל֜וּא בָּֽעִזִּ֗ים וְחוּם֙ בַּכְּשָׂבִ֔ים גָּנ֥וּב
NAS: among the goats and black among the lambs,
KJV: among the goats, and brown among the sheep,
INT: and spotted the goats and black the lambs stolen
HEB: בּ֔וֹ וְכָל־ ח֖וּם בַּכְּשָׂבִ֑ים וַיִּתֵּ֖ן
NAS: in it, and all the black ones among the sheep,
KJV: [and] every one that had [some] white in it, and all the brown among the sheep,
INT: white one the black the sheep and gave
HEB: עָקֹ֛ד וְכָל־ ח֖וּם בְּצֹ֣אן לָבָ֑ן
NAS: and all the black in the flock
KJV: the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock
INT: the striped and all the black the flock of Laban
Question:
Khoom is Hebrew for which colour?
Answer:
Orangeish blacks
Passage:
Loch Ness
Loch Ness (; ,) is a large, deep, freshwater loch in the Scottish Highlands extending for approximately 37 km southwest of Inverness. Its surface is 52 ft above sea level. Loch Ness is best known for alleged sightings of the cryptozoological Loch Ness Monster, also known affectionately as "Nessie". It is connected at the southern end by the River Oich and a section of the Caledonian Canal to Loch Oich. At the northern end there is the Bona Narrows which opens out into Loch Dochfour, which feeds the River Ness and a further section of canal to Inverness. It is one of a series of interconnected, murky bodies of water in Scotland; its water visibility is exceptionally low due to a high peat content in the surrounding soil.

Loch Ness is the second largest Scottish loch by surface area at 56 sqkm after Loch Lomond, but due to its great depth, it is the largest by volume in the British Isles. Its deepest point is 755 ft,   making it the second deepest loch in Scotland after Loch Morar. A 2016 survey claimed to have discovered a crevice that pushed the depth to 889 ft but further research determined it to be a sonar anomaly.    It contains more fresh water than all the lakes in England and Wales combined, and is the largest body of water on the Great Glen Fault, which runs from Inverness in the north to Fort William in the south.

Villages and places

At Drumnadrochit is the "Loch Ness Centre and Exhibition"  which examines the natural history and legend of Loch Ness. Boat cruises operate from various locations on the loch shore, giving visitors the chance to look for the "monster".

Urquhart Castle is located on the western shore, 1 mi east of Drumnadrochit.

Lighthouses are located at Lochend (Bona Lighthouse) and Fort Augustus.

Monster

Loch Ness is thought by some to be the home of the Loch Ness Monster (also known as "Nessie"), a cryptid, reputedly a large unknown animal. It is similar to other supposed lake monsters in Scotland and elsewhere, though its description varies from one account to the next. Popular interest and belief in the animal's existence has varied since it was first brought to the world's attention in 1933. 

Fish species

The following fish species are native to Loch Ness. A number of others such as perch and roach have been introduced in the Loch or Caledonian Canal with various levels of success. 

Island 

The only island on Loch Ness is Cherry Island, visible at its southwestern end, near Fort Augustus. It is a crannog, which is a form of artificial island. Most crannogs were constructed during the Iron Age.

There was formerly a second island (Dog Island) which was submerged when the water level was raised during the construction of the Caledonian Canal.

Hydroelectricity

Loch Ness serves as the lower storage reservoir for the Foyers pumped-storage hydroelectric scheme, which was the first of its kind in the United Kingdom. The turbines were originally used to provide power for a nearby aluminium smelting plant, but now electricity is generated and supplied to the National Grid. Another scheme, the 100 MW Glendoe Hydro Scheme near Fort Augustus, began generation in June 2009 producing 76 gigawatt hours in its first months of operation, It was out of service between 2009 and 2012 for repair of the tunnels connecting the reservoir to the turbines 

Geology

Loch Ness lies along the Great Glen Fault, which forms a line of weakness in the rocks which has been excavated by glacial erosion, forming the Great Glen and the basins of Loch Lochy, Loch Oich and Loch Ness. 

Image gallery

Image:Wt9 schleuse3 augustus locks.jpg|Locks on Caledonian Canal in Fort Augustus, Loch Ness in the background
Image:Loch Ness 0406.JPG|Loch Ness looking south, taken in May 2006.
Image:Loch_Ness_Panorama.png|Sunrise over Loch Ness, taken at Urquhart Castle
Image:Loch_Ness_Panoramin_July_2008.JPG|Loch Ness panorama from a ship in 2008

Loch Ness records

John Cobb died in an attempt at the water speed record when his boat Crusader struck an unexplained wake on the surface of the loch in 1952. His accident was recorded by the BBC reporters on site at the time.  Nearby, there is a memorial to him erected by the people of Glenurquhart

On 31 August 1974, David Scott Munro, of Ross-shire Caberfeidh Water Ski Club, became the first person in the world to water ski (mono ski) the length of Loch Ness. From Lochend to Fort Augustus and back, he covered the 48 miles in 77 minutes at an average speed of 37 mph. 

Brenda Sherratt was the first person to swim  along the length of Loch Ness in Scotland in 31 hours and 27 minutes in July 1966.
Question:
Loch Ness is part of which canal?
Answer:
Caledonian
Passage:
Sepang International Circuit
The Sepang International Circuit () is a motorsport race track in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia. It is located near Kuala Lumpur International Airport, approximately 45 km south of the capital city Kuala Lumpur. It is the venue used for the Formula One Malaysian Grand Prix, A1 Grand Prix, Malaysian Motorcycle Grand Prix and other major motorsport events.

History

The circuit was designed by German designer Hermann Tilke, who would subsequently design F1 venues in Shanghai, Sakhir, Istanbul,  Valencia, Marina Bay, Yas Marina, Yeongnam, Greater Noida and Austin.

The circuit was officially inaugurated by the 4th Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Doktor Mahathir Bin Mohamad on 7 March 1999 at 20:30 MST (UTC+08:00). He subsequently went on to inaugurate the first Moto GP Malaysian Grand Prix on 20 April 1999 (see 1999 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix) and the first Formula One Petronas Malaysian Grand Prix on 17 October 1999 (see 1999 Malaysian Grand Prix).

On 23 October 2011, on the second lap of the MotoGP Shell Advance Malaysian Grand Prix, the Italian motorcycle racer Marco Simoncelli died following a crash in turn 11 on Lap 2, resulting in an abandonment of the race.

Layout

The main circuit, normally raced in a clockwise direction, is 5.543 kilometres long, and is noted for its sweeping corners and wide straights. The layout is quite unusual, with a very long back straight (927 metres) separated from the pit straight by just one very tight hairpin.

Other configurations of the Sepang circuit can also be used. The north circuit is also raced in a clockwise direction. It is basically the first half of the main circuit. The course turns back towards the pit straight after turn 6 and is 2.71 kilometres long in total.

The south circuit is the other half of the racecourse. The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight when the south circuit is in use, and joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn. Also run clockwise, this circuit is 2.61 km in length.

Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities.

A lap in a Formula One car

Sepang starts with a long pit straight where the DRS zone exists – it is important to get a good exit out of the last corner to gain as much speed as possible. Turn 1 is a very long, slow corner taken in second gear. You brake incredibly late and lose speed gradually as you file round the corner, similar to Shanghai's first turn but slower. Turn 1 leads straight into Turn 2, a tight left hairpin which goes downhill quite significantly. The first two corners are quite bumpy, making it hard to put power onto the track. Turn 3 is a long flat out right hander which leads into Turn 4 – known locally as the Langkawi Curve – a second gear, right-angle right-hander. Turns 5 and 6 make up an incredibly high-speed, long chicane that hurts tyres and puts a lot of stress on drivers due to high G-Force. It is locally known as the Genting Curve. Turns 7 and 8 (the KLIA curve) make up a long, medium-speed, double-apex right hander, and a bump can cause the car to lose balance here. Turn 9 is a very slow left-hand hairpin (the Berjaya Tioman Corner), similar to turn two but uphill. Turn 10 leads into a challenging, medium-speed right hander at turn 11, requiring braking and turning simultaneously. Turn 12 is a flat-out, bumpy left which immediately leads into the flat right at turn 13, then the challenging 'Sunway Lagoon' curve at turn 14. Similar to turn 11, it requires hard-braking and steering at the same time. It is taken in second gear. The long back straight can be a good place for overtaking as you can brake hard into turn 15, a left-handed, second-geared hairpin but you have to be careful not to get re-overtaken as you come into turn 1 again.
Question:
One of the circuits for the 2011 Formula One season, the Sepang International Circuit can be found in which Asian city?
Answer:
Quadalampur
Passage:
Bucephalus
Bucephalus or Bucephalas (;  or Βουκεφάλας, from  bous, "ox" and  kephalē, "head" meaning "ox-head") ( – June 326 BC) was the horse of Alexander the Great, and one of the most famous actual horses of antiquity. 

Ancient accounts  state that Bucephalus died after the Battle of the Hydaspes in 326 BC, in what is now modern Pakistan, and is buried in Jalalpur Sharif outside of Jhelum, Pakistan. Another account states that Bucephalus is buried in Phalia, a town in Pakistan's Mandi Bahauddin District, which is named after him.

Bucephalus was named after a branding mark depicting an ox's head on his haunch. 

The taming of Bucephalus 

A massive creature with a massive head, Bucephalus is described as having a black coat with a large white star on his brow.  He is also supposed to have had a "wall eye" (blue eye), and his breeding was that of the "best Thessalian strain."  Plutarch tells the story of how, in 344 BC, at twelve or thirteen years of age, Alexander won the horse by making a wager with his father:   A horse dealer named Philonicus the Thessalian offered Bucephalus to King Philip II for the remarkably high sum of 13 talents, but because no one could tame the animal, Philip was not interested. However, Alexander was, and he offered to pay himself should he fail to tame it.

Alexander was given a chance and surprised all by subduing it.  He spoke soothingly to the horse and turned it towards the sun so that it could no longer see its own shadow, which had been the cause of its distress.  Dropping his fluttering cloak as well, Alexander successfully tamed the horse.  Plutarch says that the incident so impressed Philip that he told the boy, "O my son, look thee out a kingdom equal to and worthy of thyself, for Macedonia is too little for thee."  Philip's speech strikes the only false note in the anecdote, according to AR Anderson,  who noted his words as the embryo of the legend fully developed in the History of Alexander the Great I.15, 17.

The Alexander Romance presents a mythic variant of Bucephalus's origin. In this tale, the colt, whose heroic attributes surpassed even those of Pegasus, is bred and presented to Philip on his own estates.  The mythic attributes of the animal are further reinforced in the romance by the Delphic Oracle who tells Philip that the destined king of the world will be the one who rides Bucephalus, a horse with the mark of the ox's head on his haunch.

Alexander and Bucephalus 

As one of his chargers, Bucephalus served Alexander in numerous battles.

The value which Alexander placed on Bucephalus emulated his hero and supposed ancestor Achilles, who claimed that his horses were  "known to excel all others—for they are immortal.  Poseidon gave them to my father Peleus, who in his turn gave them to myself." 

Arrian states, with Onesicritus as his source, that Bucephalus died at the age of thirty.  Other sources, however, give as the cause of death not old age or weariness, but fatal injuries at the Battle of the Hydaspes (June 326 BC), in which Alexander's army defeated King Porus.  Alexander promptly founded a city, Bucephala, in honour of his horse.  It lay on the west bank of the Hydaspes river (modern-day Jhelum in Pakistan).   The modern-day town of Jalalpur Sharif, outside Jhelum, is said to be where Bucephalus is buried. 

The legend of Bucephalus grew in association with that of Alexander, beginning with the fiction that they were born simultaneously: some of the later versions of the Alexander Romance also synchronized the hour of their death.   The pair forged a sort of cult in that, after them, it was all but expected of a conqueror that he have a favourite horse.  Julius Caesar had one; so too did the eccentric Roman Emperor Caligula, who made a great fuss of his horse Incitatus, holding birthday parties for him, riding him while adorned with Alexander's breastplate, and planning to make him a consul.

In art and literature 

Bucephalus is referenced in art and literature.

Paintings of Charles Le Brun's Alexandrine subjects, including Bucephalus, survive today in the Louvre.  One in particular, The Passage of the Granicus, depicts the warhorse battling the difficulties of the steep muddy river banks, biting and kicking his foes.

One interpretation of the ancient statue group The Horse Tamers in the Piazza del Quirinale in Rome is "Alexander and Bucephalus".
Question:
Who most famously had a horse name Bucephalus?
Answer:
Μέγας Ἀλέξανδρος
Passage:
Hallux valgus definition - MedicineNet - Health and Medical
Definition of Hallux valgus
Definition of Hallux valgus
Take the RA Quiz
Hallux valgus: A condition in which the big toe (hallux) is bent outward (toward the midline of the foot; valgus) so that it overlaps the second toe. Hallux valgus may be accompanied by a bunion (localized painful swelling) and is frequently associated with inflammation. It can be related to inflammation of the nearby bursa ( bursitis ) or degenerative joint disease ( osteoarthritis ).
Last Editorial Review: 5/13/2016
Question:
Hallus valgus is the medical term for what common condition?
Answer:
Sheldon Bone
Passage:
What does Samurai mean? - Definitions.net
What does Samurai mean?
GCIDE(5.00 / 2 votes)Rate this definition:
Samurai(n. pl. & sing.)
In the former feudal system of Japan, the class or a member of the class, of military retainers of the daimios, constituting the gentry or lesser nobility. They possessed power of life and death over the commoners, and wore two swords as their distinguishing mark. Their special rights and privileges were abolished with the fall of feudalism in 1871.  They were referred to as
Origin: [Jap.]
Wiktionary(5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:
samurai(Noun)
In feudal Japan, a samurai was a soldier of noble birth who followed the code of bushido and served a daimyo.
Origin: From 侍 (さむらい, samurai).
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Samurai
Samurai, usually referred to in Japanese as bushi or buke, were the military nobility of medieval and early-modern Japan. According to translator William Scott Wilson: "In Chinese, the character 侍 was originally a verb meaning to wait upon or accompany persons in the upper ranks of society, and this is also true of the original term in Japanese, saburau. In both countries the terms were nominalized to mean "those who serve in close attendance to the nobility," the pronunciation in Japanese changing to saburai. According to Wilson, an early reference to the word "samurai" appears in the Kokin Wakashū, the first imperial anthology of poems, completed in the first part of the 10th century. By the end of the 12th century, samurai became almost entirely synonymous with bushi, and the word was closely associated with the middle and upper echelons of the warrior class. The samurai followed a set of rules that came to be known as bushidō. While the samurai numbered less than 10% of Japan's population, their teachings can still be found today in both everyday life and in modern Japanese martial arts.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Samurai
sam′ōō-rī, n. sing. (also pl.) a member of the military class in the old feudal system of Japan, including both daimios, or territorial nobles, and their military retainers: a military retainer, a two-sworded man. [Jap.]
The New Hacker's Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
samurai
A hacker who hires out for legal cracking jobs, snooping for    factions in corporate political fights, lawyers pursuing privacy-rights and    First Amendment cases, and other parties with legitimate reasons to need an    electronic locksmith.  In 1991, mainstream media reported the existence of    a loose-knit culture of samurai that meets electronically on BBS systems,    mostly bright teenagers with personal micros; they have modeled themselves    explicitly on the historical samurai of Japan and on the “net    cowboys” of William Gibson's cyberpunk    novels.  Those interviewed claim to adhere to a rigid ethic of loyalty to    their employers and to disdain the vandalism and theft practiced by    criminal crackers as beneath them and contrary to the hacker ethic; some    quote Miyamoto Musashi's Book of Five Rings, a    classic of historical samurai doctrine, in support of these principles.    See also sneaker, Stupids,    social engineering, cracker,    hacker ethic, and     dark-side hacker.
The numerical value of Samurai in Chaldean Numerology is: 9
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
In Japanese what word means they who serve?
Answer:
Samuri
Passage:
Susan Brown
Susan or Sue Brown may refer to:

* Susan Brown (professor), emeritus professor of mathematics at University College London
* L. Susan Brown (born 1959), anarcha-feminist writer
* Susan Brown (minister) (born 1958), Scottish minister
* Susan Brown (English actress) (born 1946)
* Susan Brown (American actress) (born 1932)
* Sue Brown (born 1958), former New Zealand cricketer
* Sue Brown (rowing), the first woman to take part in the The Boat Race (Oxford cox in 1981 and 1982)
* Sue Brown, a minor fictional character in The Blandings stories of P.G. Wodehouse
Question:
Susan Brown was the first woman to take part in what event, in 1981?
Answer:
Posh boy's thames challenge
Passage:
Tess Trueheart (character)
Tess Trueheart is the love interest character in the American comic strip Dick Tracy which was created by Chester Gould in 1931. 

The character eventually became the wife of Dick Tracy in the original comic strip. 

In the 1934-1948 radio series Dick Tracy she was voiced by Helen Lewis.  

The character of Tess Trueheart has been featured in films including, from 1990, Dick Tracy, which starred Glenne Headly as Tess Trueheart.
Question:
Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character?
Answer:
Dick tracy watch
Passage:
The Naked Ape
The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal (Hardback: ISBN 0-07-043174-4; Reprint: ISBN 0-385-33430-3) is a 1967 book by zoologist and ethologist Desmond Morris that looks at humans as a species and compares them to other animals. The Human Zoo, a follow-up book by Morris that examined the behaviour of people in cities, was published in 1969.

Summary

The Naked Ape, which was serialized in the Daily Mirror newspaper and has been translated into 23 languages, depicts human behaviour as largely evolved to meet the challenges of prehistoric life as a hunter-gatherer (see nature versus nurture).  The book was so named because out of 193 species of monkeys and apes, only humans (Homo sapiens sapiens) are not covered in hair. Desmond Morris, the author, who had been the Curator of mammals at London Zoo, said his book was intended to popularise and demystify science.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/october/12/newsid_3116000/3116329.stm BBC ON THIS DAY | 12 | 1967: The Naked Ape steps out]

Morris said that Homo sapiens not only have the largest brains of all higher primates, but that sexual selection in human evolution has caused humans to have the highest ratio of penis size to body mass. Morris conjectured that human ear-lobes developed as an additional erogenous zone to facilitate the extended sexuality necessary in the evolution of human monogamous pair bonding. Morris further stated that the more rounded shape of human female breasts means they are mainly a sexual signalling device rather than simply for providing milk for infants. Although the book's subject was the many behavioural consequences of the evolutionary transformation from forest-dwelling, mainly vegetarian creatures to carnivorous hunter-gatherers, reviewers predictably focused on the sexual aspects.

Morris attempted to frame many features of human behaviour in the context of evolution at a time when cultural explanations were more orthodox. His explanations failed to convince many academics for that reason, and also partly because critics charged that they were based on a teleological (goal-oriented) understanding of evolution. For example, Morris wrote that the intense human pair bond evolved so that men who were out hunting could trust that their mates back home were not having sex with other men, and suggested the possibility that sparse body hair evolved because the "nakedness" helped intensify pair bonding by increasing tactile pleasure.  Like many other writers in the late 1960s and 1970s, Morris warned against the "population explosion" (a term that originated in the 1940s) in terms that seem exaggerated and apocalyptic with the hindsight of almost half a century. Overcrowding, he thought, might cause terminal damage to heretofore relatively stable social structures that humans had evolved in the long course of their development.

Film adaptations

A 1973 film directed by Donald Driver, very loosely based on the book, was made starring Johnny Crawford and Victoria Principal. In 2006, an independent film was made, based loosely on the book, written and directed by Daniel Mellitz, starring Josh Wise, Chelse Swain, Sean Shanks, Amanda MacDonald, Tony LaThanh, Corbin Bernsen. Beyond their scripts being loosely based on his book, Morris was not involved in either movie in any way.

Censorship

The book was removed from high school library shelves by the board of education of the Island Trees Union Free School District in New York. This case became the subject of a U.S. Supreme Court case in 1982. 

Bibliography

*Desmond Morris, The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal (Hardback: ISBN 0-07-043174-4; Reprint:ISBN 0-385-33430-3) Jonathan Cape, 1967 .
* Corgi paperback editions, 1967, 1968, 1969.
* Dell Publishing Co., Inc. edition 1969
* The Illustrated Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal.  Desmond Morris. Review by Janet Dunaif-Hattis. American Anthropologist. Sep 1987, Vol. 89, No. 3: 732–733.
* Vintage; New Ed edition (6 Oct. 2005 )ISBN 0099482010

Critical response
* John Lewis  (Author), B. Towers, Naked Ape or Homo Sapiens?: Reply to Desmond Morris (The Teilhard study library),  Jul 1969  ISBN 0900391219
Question:
"Who wrote ""The Naked Ape"" and ""The Human Zoo""?"
Answer:
Catwatching
Passage:
Sirenia
Sirenia (commonly referred to as sea cows) are an order of fully aquatic, herbivorous mammals that inhabit swamps, rivers, estuaries, marine wetlands, and coastal marine waters. Four species are living, in two families and genera. These are the dugong (one species) and manatees (three species). Sirenia also includes Steller's sea cow, extinct since the 18th century, and a number of taxa known only from fossils. The order evolved during the Eocene, more than 50 million years ago.

Sirenia, commonly sirenians, are also referred to by the common name sirens, deriving from the sirens of Greek mythology.   This comes from a legend about their discovery, involving lonely sailors mistaking them for mermaids.

"Sea cow" (seekoei) is also the name for a hippopotamus in Afrikaans. In some Germanic languages, the word Sea can mean either a body of fresh or salt water, so this follows from the species inhabiting lakes in southern Africa rather than the sea itself.

Description

Sirenians have major aquatic adaptations: the forelimbs have modified into arms used for steering, the tail has modified into a paddle used for propulsion, and the hindlimbs (legs) are but two small remnant bones floating deep in the muscle. They appear fat, but are fusiform, hydrodynamic, and highly muscular. Their skulls are highly modified for taking breaths of air at the water's surface, and dentition is greatly reduced. The skeletal bones of both the manatees and dugong are very dense, which helps to neutralize the buoyancy of their blubber. The manatee appears to have an almost unlimited ability to produce new teeth as the anterior teeth wear down. They have only two teats, located under their forelimbs, similar to elephants. The elephants are thought to be the closest living relatives of the sirenians.

The lungs of sirenians are unlobed.Marine Mammal Medicine, 2001, Leslie Dierauf and Frances Gulland, CRC Press In sirenians, the lungs and diaphragm extend the entire length of the vertebral column. These adaptations help sirenians control their buoyancy and maintain their horizontal position in the water. 

Living sirenians grow between 2.5 and 4.0 meters long and can weigh up to 1,500 kg. Hydrodamalis gigas, Steller's sea cow, could reach lengths of 8 m.

The three manatee species (family Trichechidae) and the dugong (family Dugongidae) are endangered species. All four are vulnerable to extinction from habitat loss and other negative impacts related to human population growth and coastal development. Steller's sea cow, extinct since 1786, was hunted to extinction by humans. Manatees and dugongs are the only marine mammals classified as herbivores. Unlike the other marine mammals (dolphins, whales, seals, sea lions, sea otters, and walruses), sirenians eat primarily sea grasses and other aquatic vegetation, and have an extremely low metabolism and poor tolerance for especially cold water (the Steller's sea cow, which inhabited the cold waters of the northern Pacific, was an exception). Sirenians have been observed eating dead animals (sea gulls), but their diets are made up primarily of vegetation. Like dolphins and whales, manatees and dugongs are completely aquatic mammals that never leave the water—not even to give birth. These animals have been observed eating grass clippings from homes adjacent to waterways, but in this rare occurrence, only the top portion of the sirenian is lifted out of the water. The combination of these factors means sirenians are restricted to warm, shallow, coastal waters, estuaries, and rivers with healthy ecosystems that support large amounts of seagrass or other vegetation.

The Trichechidae species differ from the Dugongidae in the shape of their skull and tails.

Classification

The order Sirenia has been placed in the clade Paenungulata, within Afrotheria, grouping it with two other orders of living mammals: Proboscidea, the elephant families, and Hyracoidea, the hyraxes, and two extinct orders, Embrithopoda and Desmostylia.

After Voss, 2014. 

† extinct
* ORDER SIRENIA
** Family †Prorastomidae
*** Genus †Pezosiren
**** †Pezosiren portelli
*** Genus †Prorastomus
**** †Prorastomus sirenoides
** Family †Protosirenidae
*** Genus †Protosiren
** Family †ArchaeosirenidaeGiven the paraphyly of Halitheriinae as per Voss 2014, a number of names synonymized with Halitheriinae are available for "halitheriines" more primitive than Trichechidae and Dugongidae (http://paleobiodb.org/cgi-bin/bridge.pl?a
checkTaxonInfo&taxon_no100731&is_real_user
0).
*** Genus †Eosiren
** Family †Eotheroididae
*** Genus †Eotheroides
** Family †Prototheriidae
*** Genus †Prototherium
** Family Dugongidae
*** Genus †Nanosiren
*** Genus †Sirenotherium
*** Subfamily Dugonginae
**** Genus Dugong
***** Dugong dugon, dugong
*** Subfamily †Hydrodamalinae
**** Genus †Dusisiren
**** Genus †Hydrodamalis
***** †Hydrodamalis cuestae
***** †Hydrodamalis gigas, Steller's sea cow
** Family Trichechidae
*** Subfamily †Miosireninae
**** Genus †Anomotherium
**** Genus †Miosiren
**** Genus †Prohalicore
*** Subfamily Trichechinae
**** Genus †Potamosiren
**** Genus Trichechus
***** T. manatus, West Indian manatee
****** T. m. manatus, Antillean manatee
****** T. m. latirostris, Florida manatee
***** T. senegalensis, African manatee
***** T. inunguis, Amazonian manatee
***** T. "pygmaeus", dwarf manatee 
**** Genus †Ribodon
Question:
What type of animal is also known as a sea cow?
Answer:
Manatees
Passage:
GoldenEye (song)
"GoldenEye" is a song performed by Tina Turner, and the eponymous theme song for the 1995 James Bond film, GoldenEye. The song was written specially for Turner by Bono and the Edge of U2 when they learned that she had been invited to sing the theme to the upcoming Bond movie, and the track was produced and mixed by British producer/remixer/composer Nellee Hooper, best known for his work with Massive Attack, Madonna, U2 and Björk. The track reached #10 on the UK Singles Chart and became a Top 5 hit in most other European countries.  

"GoldenEye" was first released on the original motion picture soundtrack and the following year it was included on Turner's album Wildest Dreams. The song has been covered by Nicole Scherzinger for the 2010 GoldenEye 007 video game. 

Versions and remixes

* Soundtrack album version/Wildest Dreams album version (U.S.) – 4:43
* Single edit/Wildest Dreams album version (Europe) – 3:31
* A/C Mix – 4:02
* Urban A/C Mix by Dave Hall – 4:58
* Club Edit by David Morales – 4:02
* Morales Club Mix – 10:00
* Morales 007 Dub – 9:37
* Morales Dub of Bond – 5:36
* Video edit – 3:20

Samples and covers

* In 1999, French rapper Kohndo has sampled parts of the instrumentals in his song "Survivre".
* In 2008, Lil Mass, another French rapper, sampled it in the song "Beatdown".
* The song appeared in an episode of MTV series Human Giant and again in the 2010 film Beatdown.
* American singer Nicole Scherzinger, lead singer of pop group Pussycat Dolls, covered the single for the 2010 remake of the video game Goldeneye 007. The song plays during the game's introduction.
* Finnish alternative rock band End of You covered the song for their 2008 album Mimesis.
* Prominent DJ David Morales has performed a club remix of the song, while record producer Dave Hall has provided a more urban flavour on his remix, both versions were included on the European four-track CD single.

Charts and certifications

Weekly charts

Year-end charts

Certifications and sales

Alternate Rejected Theme Song

Like many Bond themes before it, Tina Turner's version was not the only recorded song for the film. Swedish pop band, Ace of Base also recorded a song that was optioned to the studio. Ace of Base's "The GoldenEye" was later reworked into "The Juvenile" which appeared on their Da Capo album in 2002.
Question:
Who sung the theme tune for the film `Goldeneye`?
Answer:
Anna Bullock
