Passage:
Go ahead, make my day
"Go ahead, make my day" is a catchphrase written by Charles B. Pierce and spoken by the character Harry Callahan from the 1983 film Sudden Impact. In 2005, it was chosen as No. 6 on the American Film Institute list, AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes. 

Origins

The phrase "go ahead, make my day" was written by Charles B. Pierce, an independent filmmaker who is credited with "story by" in the film Sudden Impact. The actual origins of the phrase came from Pierce's father Mack, who used to tell him as a child, "Just let me come home one more day, without you mowing that lawn, son just go ahead.....make my day".

In the beginning of the movie, Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood) goes into a diner for a morning cup of coffee where he discovers a robbery in progress. He kills all but one of the robbers in a shootout. However, the surviving robber grabs the fleeing waitress Loretta (Mara Corday), holds his gun to her head, and threatens to shoot. Instead of backing off, Harry points his .44 Magnum revolver into the man's face and dares him to shoot, saying with clenched teeth and in his characteristic rough grumble, "Go ahead, make my day," meaning that if the robber attempts to harm Loretta in any way, Harry would be happy to dispatch the robber. At the end of the film, Harry, again, says "Come on, make my day" just before shooting Mick the rapist, who aims his stolen shotgun at Harry's lover, Jennifer Spencer.

Influence

When speaking out against taxes at the 1985 American Business Conference, President Ronald Reagan, himself a former actor, stated "I have my veto pen drawn and ready for any tax increase that Congress might even think of sending up. And I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers. Go ahead—make my day."  Pierce reacted to this saying that his proudest moment was telling his father, "Tonight the President Ronald Reagan of the United States just quoted you."

The movie Sudden Impact became popular in Kenya in the early 1990s. Kenyan kids pronounced 'make my day' as "Makmende" probably due to influence of the local dialects. Over time, Makmende came to be used by children to refer to those who behaved in a conceited manner. In 2010, Makmende was turned into an Internet sensation all over Kenya's Internet community when Just a Band created a superhero character in the music video of their song "Ha He."   The song [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLQrQ8Qvn9s Action] by Finnish band LOVEX features the line in their song lyrics.

During his speech at the 2012 Republican National Convention, Eastwood ended by referencing the line.  In February 2015, The Economist featured the headline "Go ahead, Angela, make my day" in reference to the European debt crisis.

Italy

That phrase, although in its Italian localization "Coraggio... fatti ammazzare", was also chosen as the title for the Italian version of the film, and it has become a catchphrase in Italy as well.
Question:
'Go ahead, make my day' is a catchphrase from which 1983 film?
Answer:
Jennifer Spencer
Passage:
The Cars Of Only Fools And Horses | ShortList Magazine
The Cars Of Only Fools And Horses | ShortList Magazine
TV
The cars of Only Fools and Horses
At a terrible pub quiz in a town called Uxbridge we once witnessed a grown man lose his tiny mind over the question, "What is the slogan written on the side of Del Boy's famous Reliant Robin?" THERE IS NO RELIANT ROBIN IN ONLY FOOLS AND HORSES! he scrawled on our answer sheet in angry ink. IT IS A RELIANT REGAL.
And although Steve may not have got any actual points that ill fated evening, he did in a some other way have one very good point. That point being that people should pay more attention to the motors of OFAH. There may not be any Reliant Robins in Fools, but bonjour, there are some cosmic motors...
Reliant Regal 700cc Supervan
Top speed: 55mph
The eagle eyed amongst you will have noticed the differing number plates seen on the van over the years in Fools. The varying plates give the game away - there were in fact multiple Reliants used on the show. Claims on how many vans were used range from six to eighteen, though lets face it anyone who owns a Regal would be mad not to paint it yellow and claim it to be a Trotter original. Ricky Hatton owns one of these "official" Regals, another one has been converted into a hearse and can be used to transport your dead for as little as £600 a pop. Cushty.
Boycie's Jag
Jaguar E Type
Top speed: 145mph
In the classic episode where Del and Rodders chat up a pair of transvestites, and pretend Rodney is a world renowned tennis champ called Hot Rod, they also crash this incredible machine. The car they hit? Another motor that just misses out on this list - Del's former Vauxhall Velox. The dodgy Velox is driven by the bloke who went on to play Mr Sullivan in cult show Press Gang, and his terrible Aussie accent somehow fails to kill this brilliant scene.
Denzil's Lorry
DAF 2800
Top speed: 70mph
Poor old Denzil, founder and owner of Transit Transworld Express "Any time, any load, anywhere." The bearded scouser's easy access to vans and trucks always made him a prime target for Del when he needed something dodgy picking up or dropping off. The combination of the DAF and Del not only lead to the end of Denzil's marriage, but also to him being placed in a mental hospital.
The Pratmobile
Ford Capri Ghia
Top speed: 122mph
Back in Series Seven, the heavily preggers Raquel was understandably not that keen for her baby to travel around dans le van. Hence Boycey flogged the Trotters this wonderful lime beast for a very reasonable £400 (that's sixteen ponies, right?). Controversially, to our cynical old eyes, the Pratmobile seems to miraculously change from a MKII Capri to a MKIII Capri after it’s been spruced up by Del. Quite the mechanic.
The Jolly Boys Bus
Ford R-1114
Top Speed: unknown
Many cars, buses, bikes and vans have played important if slightly minor roles in the series, the Austin Alegro and Ford Cortina MKI of the title music included. One of our favourite bit part vehicles was the bus which provided the catalyst to the script when the Nags Head locals had their day out to Margate. A drunk driver, a dodgy radio, and the good decency to explode into a fireball with perfect comedy timing. What a bus. Shame it went bang really.
Rodney's Roller
Rolls Royce Silver Spirit
Top speed: 120mph
When the Trotters became millionaires Rodney bought at least two cars that we know of. A Jaguar XK8, and more famously a Roller for his brother, complete with the number plate DEL 1. The purchase of the latter nicely cues up Del's Nags Head punch line, "I'll buy the sandwiches, cos you bought the Rolls." However, in hindsight it was actually a bit tight of Rodney to buy a second hand car.
Image: YouTube
Question:
What is the name of the pub used by the Trotters in Only Fools and Horses
Answer:
Nag's Head, North Carolina
Passage:
Bob Holness
Robert Wentworth John "Bob" Holness (12 November 1928 – 6 January 2012) was an English radio and television presenter and occasional actor. He is best remembered as the presenter of the British version of Blockbusters.

Early life

Holness was born in Vryheid, Natal, South Africa. When he was seven, his family moved to the UK, initially to Herne Bay, Kent where his grandfather Nathaniel was brought up, then later to Ashford, Kent. After attending Ashford Grammar School (now The Norton Knatchbull School) and briefly Eastbourne College he went on to Maidstone College of Art (now the University for the Creative Arts).  He then worked for a printing company before returning to South Africa. In 1955, he received his first job as a radio presenter. He married Mary Rose Clifford in 1955, whom he met in South Africa. 

In 1956 he played James Bond in a radio production of Moonraker.  The couple returned to the UK in 1961. His daughter, Ros, was a member of the band Toto Coelo.

Holness joined the BBC as a presenter on Late Night Extra, initially on the BBC Light Programme and later on Radio 1 and Radio 2, presenting alongside Terry Wogan, Michael Parkinson and Keith Fordyce. From 1971, the show was broadcast solely on Radio 2. Between 1975 and 1985, he was co-presenter with Douglas Cameron of the award-winning breakfast-time AM Programme on London's LBC radio station. He originally joined the station as an airborne traffic reporter, later progressing to reading networked news bulletins for IRN. He won the Variety Club Award for 'Joint Independent Radio Personality of the Year' in both 1979 and 1984. 

From 1985-97, he returned to Radio 2, presenting many shows including Bob Holness Requests the Pleasure and Bob Holness and Friends, as well as covering various weekday shows for holidaying presenters. From the late 1960s until 1998, he also presented the request programme Anything Goes on the BBC World Service.

Baker Street

Holness was the subject of an urban myth,   claimed to have been initiated in the 1980s by broadcaster Stuart Maconie who, writing for the New Musical Express in a section called 'Believe It Or Not', said that Holness had played the saxophone riff on Gerry Rafferty's 1978 song, "Baker Street".  (The actual performer was Raphael Ravenscroft.) Tommy Boyd, among others, has disputed Maconie's claim to authorship of the rumour. 

Television career

In 1962, Holness became the host of UK game show Take a Letter, was relief host of Thames Television's magazine programme Today in 1968, and from 1983 until 1994 presented the British version of Blockbusters, for which he is best known. In 1988 he starred in a celebrity special of Catchphrase. 

In 1995, he hosted Yorkshire Television's big-budget game show flop Raise the Roof before becoming the chairman of a revived Call My Bluff for the BBC. Holness appeared on one episode of Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway in 2004, when he presented the last round of Ant and Dec's Blockbusters, with Ant as a contestant. 

He also had an occasional acting career in television shows including: Thriller, Rex the Runt and The Impressionable Jon Culshaw.

Personal life, illness and death

Holness gave his support to many charities, including the children's charities Teenage Cancer Trust, Young People's Trust for the Environment and National Children's Home (now Action for Children), of which he was vice-President from 1994. 

On 24 November 2002, he suffered a major stroke, following which a brain scan revealed he had previously suffered a number of transient ischaemic attacks over several years. He also suffered from hearing loss, and began to use a hearing aid in 2003.  He was diagnosed with coeliac disease in 2005.  

In the last few years of his life he suffered from vascular dementia. He was cared for by his family at home until the last two weeks of his life when he entered Denville House nursing home. 

His family announced on 6 January 2012 that he had died earlier that day, in his sleep, aged 83. He is survived by his wife, former actress Mary Rose (née Clifford), as well as their three children, Carol (known as Nancy Nova), Ros and Jon, and seven grandchildren.
Question:
On which pop hit classic did Bob Holness famously not play the sax solo?
Answer:
BAKER STREET
Passage:
Papists Act 1778
The Papists Act of 1778 is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain (18 George III c. 60) and was the first Act for Roman Catholic relief. Later in 1778 It was also enacted by the Parliament of Ireland.

Before the Act, a number of "Penal laws" had been enacted in Britain and Ireland, which varied between the jurisdictions from time to time but effectively excluded those known to be Roman Catholics from public life. 

Effect of the Act

By this Act, an oath was imposed, which besides a declaration of loyalty to the reigning sovereign, contained an abjuration of the Pretender, and of certain doctrines attributed to Roman Catholics, such as that excommunicated princes may lawfully be murdered, that no faith should be kept with heretics, and that the Pope had temporal as well as spiritual jurisdiction in Great Britain.  

Those taking this oath were exempted from some of the provisions of the Popery Act 1698. The section as to taking and prosecuting priests was repealed, as well as the penalty of perpetual imprisonment for keeping a school. Roman Catholics were also enabled to inherit and purchase land, nor was an heir who conformed to the Established church any longer empowered to enter and enjoy the estate of his "papist" kinsman. 

The passing of this act was the occasion of the Gordon Riots (1780) in which the violence of the mob was especially directed against Lord Mansfield, who had objected to various prosecutions under the statutes now repealed.

This Act remained on the statute book until it was repealed by the Promissory Oaths Act 1871 (c.48).

Notes
Question:
What is the name of the 1780 London riots which were an anti-Catholic protest against the 1778 Papists Act?
Answer:
No-Popery Riots
Passage:
Thyme
Thyme is an evergreen herb with culinary, medicinal, and ornamental uses. 
The most common variety is Thymus vulgaris. Thyme is of the genus Thymus of the mint family (Lamiaceae), and a relative of the oregano genus Origanum.

History 

Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming.   The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples, believing it was a source of courage.  The spread of thyme throughout Europe was thought to be due to the Romans, as they used it to purify their rooms and to "give an aromatic flavour to cheese and liqueurs". In the European Middle Ages, the herb was placed beneath pillows to aid sleep and ward off nightmares.Huxley, A., ed. (1992). New RHS Dictionary of Gardening. Macmillan.  In this period, women also often gave knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves, as it was believed to bring courage to the bearer. Thyme was also used as incense and placed on coffins during funerals, as it was supposed to assure passage into the next life. 

The name of the genus of fish Thymallus, first given to the grayling (T. thymallus described in the 1758 edition of Systema Naturae by Swedish zoologist Carl Linnaeus) originates from the faint smell of the herb thyme, which emanates from the flesh. 

Cultivation 

Thyme is best cultivated in a hot, sunny location with well-drained soil.  It is generally planted in the spring, and thereafter grows as a perennial.  It can be propagated by seed, cuttings, or dividing rooted sections of the plant.  It tolerates drought well.   The plants can take deep freezes and are found growing wild on mountain highlands. Along the Italian Riviera, it is found from sea level up to 800 m.

Culinary use 

In some Levantine countries, and Assyria, the condiment za'atar (Arabic for thyme) contains thyme as a vital ingredient. It is a common component of the bouquet garni, and of herbes de Provence.

Thyme is sold both fresh and dried. While summer-seasonal, fresh greenhouse thyme is often available year round. The fresh form is more flavourful, but also less convenient; storage life is rarely more than a week. Although the fresh form only lasts a week or two under refrigeration, it can last many months if carefully frozen. 

Fresh thyme is commonly sold in bunches of sprigs. A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant. It is composed of a woody stem with paired leaf or flower clusters ("leaves") spaced  to 1" apart. A recipe may measure thyme by the bunch (or fraction thereof), or by the sprig, or by the tablespoon or teaspoon. Dried thyme is widely used in Armenia in tisanes (called urc).

Depending on how it is used in a dish, the whole sprig may be used (e.g., in a bouquet garni), or the leaves removed and the stems discarded. Usually, when a recipe specifies "bunch" or "sprig", it means the whole form; when it specifies spoons, it means the leaves. It is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme.

Leaves may be removed from stems either by scraping with the back of a knife, or by pulling through the fingers or tines of a fork.

Thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs. Substitution is often more complicated than that because recipes can specify sprigs, and sprigs can vary in yield of leaves.

Medicinal use 

Oil of thyme, the essential oil of common thyme (Thymus vulgaris), contains 20–54% thymol.Thymus Vulgaris. PDR for Herbal Medicine. Montvale, NJ:  Medical Economics Company.  p. 1184.  Thyme essential oil also contains a range of additional compounds, such as p-cymene, myrcene, borneol, and linalool.   Thymol, an antiseptic, is an active ingredient in various commercially produced mouthwashes such as Listerine.   Before the advent of modern antibiotics, oil of thyme was used to medicate bandages. It has also been shown to be effective against various fungi that commonly infect toenails.  Thymol can also be found as the active ingredient in some all-natural, alcohol-free hand sanitizers.

A tisane made by infusing the herb in water can be used for coughs and bronchitis.

Important species and cultivars 

*Thymus citriodorus – various lemon thymes, orange thymes, lime thyme
*Thymus herba-barona (caraway thyme) is used both as a culinary herb and a ground cover, and has a very strong caraway scent due to the chemical carvone.
*Thymus praecox  (mother of thyme, wild thyme), is cultivated as an ornamental.
*Thymus pseudolanuginosus (woolly thyme) is not a culinary herb, but is grown as a ground cover.
*Thymus serpyllum (wild thyme, creeping thyme) is an important nectar source plant for honeybees. All thyme species are nectar sources, but wild thyme covers large areas of droughty, rocky soils in southern Europe (both Greece and Malta are especially famous for wild thyme honey) and North Africa, as well as in similar landscapes in the Berkshire and Catskill Mountains of the northeastern US. The lowest growing of the widely used thyme is good for walkways.It is also an important caterpillar food plant for large and common blue butterflies.  
*Thymus vulgaris (common thyme, English thyme, summer thyme, winter thyme, French thyme,  or garden thyme)  is a commonly used culinary herb. It also has medicinal uses. Common thyme is a Mediterranean perennial which is best suited to well-drained soils and full sun.
Question:
Sage, thyme, rosemary, and marjoram are members of the plant genus?
Answer:
Mint (plant)
Passage:
Ferens Art Gallery
The Ferens Art Gallery is an art gallery in the English city of Kingston upon Hull. The site and money for the gallery were donated to the city by Thomas Ferens, after whom it is named. The architects were S. N. Cooke and E. C. Davies. Opened in 1927, 
it was restored and extended in 1991. The gallery features an extensive array of both permanent collections and roving exhibitions. Among the exhibits is a portrait of an unknown woman by Frans Hals. The building also houses a children's gallery and a popular cafe. The building is now a Grade II listed building. 

In 2009, an exhibition and live performance took place at the venue, to help celebrate the 25th anniversary of the opening of The New Adelphi Club, a live music venue less than two miles north. 

In 2013, the gallery acquired a fourteenth-century painting by Pietro Lorenzetti, depicting Christ Between Saints Paul and Peter. The acquisition was jointly funded by the Ferens Endowment Fund, the Heritage Lottery Fund and Art Fund. 

In May 2015, it was announced that the gallery would get a £4.5 million makeover to enable it to host the Turner Prize in 2017 as part of the UK City of Culture programme.  The gallery reopens in early 2017.

Art in the Ferens Art Gallery

File:Frans Hals 114 WGA version.jpg|Frans Hals, Portrait of a Woman (between 1655 and 1660)
File:1869 Frederic Leighton - Electra at the Tomb of Agamemnon.jpg|Frederic Leighton, Electra at the Tomb of Agamemnon, 1869
File:A Summer Shower, by Charles Edward Perugini.jpg|Charles Edward Perugini, A Summer Shower, c. 1888
File:Draper Herbert James Ulysses and the Sirens.jpg|Herbert James Draper, Ulysses and the Sirens, c. 1909
Question:
In which city is the Ferens Art Gallery?
Answer:
Hull
Passage:
Italian Days of the Week - Italian Months - Italian Seasons
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Italian Vocabulary - Days of the Week
Learn the words for Monday - Sunday
Close up of pen and calendar.  Tetra Images
By Cher Hale
Updated September 13, 2016.
What day is the market open? And what day does the post office close early? What day of the week do you want to go to Chianti ?
Besides being able to tell the time , in order to figure out when to go to events and hang out with friends , you’ll need to know the days of the week in Italian.
Whether you’re reviewing the vocabulary or you’re learning it for the first time, below you’ll find useful examples for everyday conversations along with cocktail party facts so you can better understand the culture.
DAYS OF THE WEEK - I GIORNI DELLA SETTIMANA
Monday - lunedì
Saturday - sabato
Sunday - domenica
Cocktail party fact: Notice how the first letter of the day of the week isn’t capitalized. In Italian, days of the week, months and seasons are all lowercase.
Weekend - il fine settimana
Pronunciation
Notice how there is a grave accent mark (`) on the vocabulary words for Monday through Friday.
That accent mark lets you know where to put the stress in the word , so in this case, the stress falls on the last syllable “di.”
Esempi:
A: Che giorno è oggi? - What day is it today?
B: Oggi è mercoledì. - Today is Wednesday.
Ieri era (è stato) martedì. - Yesterday was Tuesday.
Domani è giovedì. - Tomorrow is Thursday.
Il lunedì la maggior parte dei ristoranti sono chiusi. - On Mondays the majority of restaurants are closed.
Il weekend il mercato è aperto. - The market is open on the weekends.
Frequento le lezioni da lunedì a venerdì. - I attend lessons from Monday to Friday.
Parto per l’Italia sabato. - I’m leaving for Italy on Saturday.
Perché non è ancora venerdì!? - Why isn’t it Friday yet!?
Sono libero venerdì sera. Ti va di andare al cinema? - I’m free Friday. Want to go to the movies?
Il giorno più bello della settimana è lunedì perché è l’inizio di una nuova settimana. - The greatest day of the week is Monday because it’s the start of a new week.
A: Qual è il vostro giorno di riposo (di chiusura)? - When is your day off?
B: Siamo chiusi tutte le domeniche mattina. -  Our day off is every Sunday morning.
Cocktail party fact: Lunedì, martedì, mercoledì, giovedì e venerdì are INVARIABLE, so they don’t change in their plural form. Sabato e domenica, however, have a plural form when needed. (e.g.: ...i sabati; ...le domeniche.)
Vado a danza tutti i lunedì. - I take my dance class every Monday.
La mensa rimane aperta più a lungo le domeniche. - Dining hall stays open longer on Sundays.
Ogni martedì raccolgono la carta. - Each Tuesday is paper garbage collection.
Make Your Bridges for Tuesdays & Thursdays
When a religious festival or holiday, like Festa della Repubblica or Ognissanti , falls on a Tuesday (martedì) or a Thursday (giovedì), Italians oftentimes fare il ponte, which literally means to make the bridge, and figuratively means to make a four-day holiday. That means they taken off the intervening Monday or Friday.
Question:
Venerdi is Italian for which day of week?
Answer:
Parasceve
Passage:
Minimus | Define Minimus at Dictionary.com
Minimus | Define Minimus at Dictionary.com
minimus
[min-uh-muh s] /ˈmɪn ə məs/
Spell
[min-uh-mahy] /ˈmɪn əˌmaɪ/ (Show IPA)
1.
a creature or being that is the smallest or least significant.
2.
Anatomy. the little finger or toe.
Origin of minimus
1580-90; < New Latin, Latin: literally, smallest
Dictionary.com Unabridged
Examples from the Web for minimus
Expand
Historical Examples
Explorers of the Dawn Mazo de la Roche
Jimmy says he thought there must he something the matter with Jones minimus, he was so gloomy.
British Dictionary definitions for minimus
Expand
adjective
1.
(immediately postpositive) (Brit) the youngest: sometimes used after the surname of a schoolboy having elder brothers at the same school: Hunt minimus
Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 2012 Digital Edition
© William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins
Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2012
Word Origin and History for minimus
Expand
1580s, from Latin minimus (plural minimi); see minim .
Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper
Question:
What anatomically is your minimus?
Answer:
Little fingers
Passage:
Beluga (sturgeon)
The beluga or European sturgeon (Huso huso) is a species of anadromous fish in the sturgeon family (Acipenseridae) of order  Acipenseriformes. It is found primarily in the Caspian and Black Sea basins, and occasionally in the Adriatic Sea. Heavily fished for the female's valuable roe—known as beluga caviar— the beluga is a huge and late-maturing fish that can live for 118 years.  The species' numbers have been greatly reduced by overfishing and poaching, prompting many governments to enact restrictions on its trade. The most similar to the Huso huso beluga is the Huso dauricus kaluga, also referred to as the "river beluga".

The common name for the sturgeon, as for the unrelated beluga whale, is derived from the Russian word белый (belyy), meaning "white".

Behavior

The beluga is a large predator which feeds mostly on fish, also rarely consuming waterfowl and seal pups.

Like most sturgeons, the beluga is anadromous, migrating upstream in rivers to spawn.

Size 

The largest accepted record is of a female taken in 1827 in the Volga estuary at 1571 kg and . Several other records of aged sturgeon exceed 5 m.Wood, The Guinness Book of Animal Facts and Feats. Sterling Pub Co Inc. (1983), ISBN 978-0-85112-235-9 These great sizes mark the beluga as the largest freshwater fish in the world. A few other species of sturgeon can attain great sizes but none match the maximum sizes known for the beluga, like Chinese, Pacific White, Oceanic European, Atlantic, Baikalian, and Kaluga, the latter a close cousin which can obtained a maximum weight of 1000 kg, thus attaining the second largest sturgeon size. It may be considered as a rival in size to the ocean sunfish among all extant bony fishes although that marine, passive giant has not been nearly as heavily fished nor takes as long to attain great sizes as does the beluga so more regularly attain massive weights. The Beluga also rivals the great white shark, the Greenland shark, and the tiger shark for the title of largest actively predatory fish, only the great white easily exceeding the beluga's maximum size. The giant belugas are much larger than the Mekong giant catfish, the arapaima or other sizable rivals for the title of largest freshwater fish. Nevertheless, some scientists still consider the Mekong giant catfish to be the largest true freshwater fish, owing to sturgeons' ability to survive in seawater and that it spends much of its life in brackish environments.  

Beluga of such great sizes are very old (continuing to grow throughout life) and have become increasingly rare in recent decades due to the heavy fishing of this species. Today, belugas that are caught are generally 142 - long and weigh 19 -. The female beluga is typically 20% larger than the male. 

Uses 

Beluga caviar is considered a delicacy worldwide.  The flesh of the beluga, though, is not particularly renowned. Beluga caviar has long been scarce and expensive. The endangered status of the fish has made its caviar more expensive than before.

Its air bladder is said to make the best isinglass. 

Status 

IUCN classifies the beluga as critically endangered. It is a protected species listed in appendix III of the Bern Convention, and its trade is restricted under CITES appendix II. The Mediterranean population is strongly protected under appendix II of the Bern Convention, prohibiting any intentional killing of these fish.

The United States Fish and Wildlife Service has banned imports of beluga caviar and other beluga products from the Caspian Sea since October 6, 2005, after listing beluga sturgeon under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Question:
Beluga, Ossetra, Sterlet, and Sevruga are all types of what?
Answer:
Ikra
Passage:
Crucible Theatre
The Crucible Theatre is a theatre built in 1971 in the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. As well as theatrical performances, it hosts the most prestigious event in professional snooker, the World Championship.

History

The Crucible Theatre was built by M J Gleeson and opened in 1971,  replacing the Playhouse Repertory theatre in Townhead Street. In 1967 Colin George, the founding Artistic Director of the Crucible, recommended a thrust stage for Sheffield, inspired by theatres created by Sir Tyrone Guthrie. Tanya Moiseiwitsch, who had been involved in designing Guthrie’s theatres, was the designer.  The architects Renton Howard Wood Levin Architects were engaged and the building itself began to take shape in 1969. It was completed in two years, on time for the opening performance in November 1971 of Fanfare, an evening's entertainment comprising children participating in an improvised scene, Chekhov’s Swan Song with Ian McKellen and Edward Petherbridge and a music hall finale with a Sheffield brass band.

This demonstrated the versatility of the stage, which has since been adapted to dance and musical performance, as well as classical and modern theatre, and receives touring productions, as well as hosting squash and the World Snooker Championship.

The audience sits on three sides but no member is more than the length of a cricket wicket – 22 yards (20 metres) – from the performer, or indeed a snooker ball. Consequently, although it seats 980 people the spectator has an intimate relationship with the activity on stage. Colin George and the Administrator David Brayshaw persuaded the Gulbenkian Foundation to finance for the first time the building of a professional theatre – the 400 seat Studio, which opened with the main house.

In 2001, the Crucible was awarded the Barclays ‘Theatre of the Year Award’.  It is a Grade II listed building. 

The building went through a £15 million refurbishment between 2007 and late 2009 – opening during that period only for the 2008 and 2009 World Snooker Championships. 

The Crucible reopened as a theatre on 11 February 2010 with a production of Henrik Ibsen's An Enemy of the People, with the official reopening by the Earl of Wessex on 18 February 2010. 

Theatre

The Crucible is a producing theatre, meaning shows are designed and rehearsed in-house. These productions are normally overseen by the Sheffield Theatres Group.

Sports venue

The World Snooker Championship tournament has been played annually in the Crucible since 1977. The Ladies World Snooker Championship was also held at the Crucible between 1998 and 2003 but was eventually withdrawn due to financial difficulties. The venue has also hosted championships of other indoor sports, such as table tennis and squash.
Question:
In which Sheffield Theatre is the World Snooker Championship held each year?
Answer:
Sheffield Crucible Theatre
Passage:
Alvin Stardust: Obituary - BBC News
Alvin Stardust: Obituary - BBC News
BBC News
Image copyright Getty Images
Image caption Alvin Stardust in 1981
With his bouffant quiff and extravagant sideburns, Alvin Stardust became a huge star with 1970s glam rock hits such as My Coo Ca Choo, You You You and Jealous Mind.
The singer and actor, who has died aged 72, had a career spanning more than five decades that included stage musicals and a stint in soap opera Hollyoaks.
Born Bernard Jewry in London's Muswell Hill in 1942, Stardust moved to Mansfield in Nottinghamshire with his family where his father had a new job as a salesman.
According to his official biography, his early musical influences came from the children's Saturday matinees at his local cinema where his idols were the singing cowboys, Roy Rogers and Gene Autry.
On his 12th birthday, the young Jewry was given his first guitar by his mother. He took it with him on a bus to Doncaster to see Buddy Holly, where he talked his way backstage and "jammed" with the singer and his band the Crickets.
Holly signed the guitar and over the years it had also been autographed by music stars such as Eddie Cochran, Gene Vincent, Johnny Kidd, Billy Fury, Bill Haley, The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.
Image copyright PA
Image caption Alvin Stardust, then known as Shane Fenton, at Shirley Bassey's Record Shop on West End Lane, London, in 1962
In an interview with The Scotsman in 2010, Stardust said he'd considered the guitar lost until he rediscovered the instrument - which he had named Peggy Sue - at his mother's house after she died. The discovery helped him decide to return to live touring.
He insured Peggy Sue for £2m. "I wouldn't sell it," the singer told the newspaper. "That's my teenage years and memories of my mum when she bought it for me."
Stardust signed his first record deal in 1961 as the frontman of Shane Fenton and the Fentones. He had been asked to step in after the death of the group's previous singer, Johnny Theakstone. The band had a number of top 40 hits in the early 1960s and toured throughout Europe.
But it wasn't until 1973, when he signed up with Magnet Records, the singer took the name that would make him most famous.
Alvin Stardust's first hit My Coo Ca Choo, written by Peter Shelley, reached number two in the UK in December 1973.  The follow-up single - Jealous Mind in 1974 - also by Shelley, was his only UK number one.
Now a household name, Stardust appeared on TV in the mid-1970s as part of the Green Cross Code road safety campaign.
Image copyright PA
Image caption Alvin Stardust and Liza Goddard on their wedding day in 1981
Success continued into the 1980s with top 10 hits Pretend, I Feel Like Buddy Holly (written and produced by Mike Batt) and I Won't Run Away.
In the 1990s, Stardust turned to acting and made stage appearances in shows such as Godspell and David Copperfield - The Musical.
He spent six months in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang as the Child Catcher at the London Palladium in 2005.
He presented his own Sunday morning children's TV series, It's Stardust, on ITV in the late 1980s, while other TV appearances included Hollyoaks - where he played pub landlord Greg Andersen in 1995-96 - and Doctors. More recently he spoofed his Green Cross Code campaign on Harry Hill's TV Burp.
Returning to touring in 2010, Stardust resurrected his leather-clad persona singing his hits and cover versions.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image caption Alvin Stardust, pictured here in 2010, was still touring until shortly before his death
A Guardian review of a gig in Skegness said Stardust did "outrageously sensual things to Duffy's Mercy and Johnny Kidd's Shakin' All Over".
It concluded: "As My Coo Ca Choo sees him spraying champagne over gyrating fans well past retirement age, Stardust's career seems as wonderfully ludicrous as ever."
Stardust married three times. His first wife was Iris Caldwell, with whom he had two sons, Shaun and Adam. His second wife was the actress Liza Goddard, with whom he had a daughter, Sophie.
His third wife was Julie Paton, an actress and choreographer, with whom he had a daughter, Millie.
Stardust re-recorded many of his hits for the I Love Rock and Roll album on Universal Records in 2010.   The singer, who lived in Billingshurst, West Sussex, had a new album - Alvin - due for release in early November 2014.
On his website he described it as "a new and exciting departure for me".
Question:
Singer Alvin Stardust played pub landlord Greg Andersen in which UK tv soap?
Answer:
Danny Tennant
Passage:
Peristalsis
Peristalsis is a radially symmetrical contraction and relaxation of  muscles that propagates in a wave down a tube, in an anterograde direction.

In much of a digestive tract such as the human gastrointestinal tract, smooth muscle tissue contracts in sequence to produce a peristaltic wave, which propels a ball of food (called a bolus while in the esophagus and upper gastrointestinal tract and chyme in the stomach) along the tract. Peristaltic movement comprises relaxation of circular smooth muscles, then their contraction behind the chewed material to keep it from moving backward, then longitudinal contraction to push it forward.

Earthworms use a similar mechanism to drive their locomotion,  and some modern machinery imitates this design.

The word comes from New Latin and is derived from the Greek peristellein, "to wrap around," from peri-, "around" + stellein, "draw in, bring together; set in order". 

Human physiology

Esophagus

After food is chewed into a bolus, it is swallowed and moved through the esophagus. Smooth muscles contract behind the bolus to prevent it from being squeezed back into the mouth. Then rhythmic, unidirectional waves of contractions work to rapidly force the food into the stomach. The migrating motor complex (MMC) helps trigger peristaltic waves. This process works in one direction only and its sole esophageal function is to move food from the mouth into the stomach (the MMC also functions to clear out remaining food in the stomach to the small bowel, and remaining particles in the small bowel into the colon).

In the esophagus, two types of peristalsis occur:
* First, there is a primary peristaltic wave, which occurs when the bolus enters the esophagus during swallowing. The primary peristaltic wave forces the bolus down the esophagus and into the stomach in a wave lasting about 8–9 seconds. The wave travels down to the stomach even if the bolus of food descends at a greater rate than the wave itself, and continues even if for some reason the bolus gets stuck further up the esophagus.
* In the event that the bolus gets stuck or moves slower than the primary peristaltic wave (as can happen when it is poorly lubricated), stretch receptors in the esophageal lining are stimulated and a local reflex response causes a secondary peristaltic wave around the bolus, forcing it further down the esophagus, and these secondary waves continue indefinitely until the bolus enters the stomach. The process of peristalsis is controlled by medulla oblongata. Esophageal peristalsis is typically assessed by performing an esophageal motility study.

During vomiting, the propulsion of food up the oesophagus and out the mouth comes from contraction of the abdominal muscles; peristalsis does not reverse in the esophagus.

Small intestine

Once processed and digested by the stomach, the milky chyme is squeezed through the pyloric sphincter into the small intestine. Once past the stomach, a typical peristaltic wave only lasts for a few seconds, travelling at only a few centimeters per second. Its primary purpose is to mix the chyme in the intestine rather than to move it forward in the intestine. Through this process of mixing and continued digestion and absorption of nutrients, the chyme gradually works its way through the small intestine to the large intestine.

In contrast to peristalsis, segmentation contractions result in that churning and mixing without pushing materials further down the digestive tract.

Large intestine 

Although the large intestine has peristalsis of the type that the small intestine uses, it is not the primary propulsion. Instead, general contractions called mass movements occur one to three times per day in the large intestine, propelling the chyme toward the rectum. Mass movements often tend to be triggered by meals, as the presence of chyme in the stomach and duodenum prompts them.

Lymph 

The human lymphatic system has no central pump.  Instead, lymph circulates through peristalsis in the lymph capillaries, as well as valves in the capillaries, compression during contraction of adjacent skeletal muscle, and arterial pulsation.

Sperm 

During ejaculation, the smooth muscle in the walls of the vas deferens contracts reflexively in peristalsis, propelling sperm from the testicles to the urethra. 

Earthworms

 
The earthworm is a limbless annelid worm with a hydrostatic skeleton that moves by peristalsis. Its hydrostatic skeleton consists of a fluid-filled body cavity surrounded by an extensible body wall. The worm moves by radially constricting the anterior portion of its body, resulting in an increase in length via hydrostatic pressure. This constricted region propagates posteriorly along the worm's body. As a result, each segment is extended forward, then relaxes and re-contacts the substrate, with hair-like setae preventing backwards slipping.

Machinery

A peristaltic pump is a positive-displacement pump in which a motor pinches advancing portions of a flexible tube to propel a fluid within the tube. The pump isolates the fluid from the machinery, which is important if the fluid is abrasive or must remain sterile.

Robots have been designed that use peristalsis to achieve locomotion, as the earthworm uses it.  

Related terms

*Catastalsis is a related intestinal muscle process. 
*Aperistalsis refers to a lack of propulsion. It can result from achalasia of the smooth muscle involved.
*Basal electrical rhythm is a slow wave of electrical activity that can initiate a contraction.

Notes and references
Question:
What is the common name for peristalsis?
Answer:
Deglutition disorders
Passage:
Channel 4 signs comedian Adam Hills on exclusive contract ...
Channel 4 signs comedian Adam Hills on exclusive contract - Channel 4 - Info - Press
Channel 4 signs comedian Adam Hills on exclusive contract
google
C4 announced today that comedian Adam Hills has signed an exclusive one year deal with the channel.
Coming off the critically acclaimed run as the host of The Last Leg, the late night show that ran daily during C4's coverage of the Paralympics, Hills will return with A Last Leg Christmas Special and a series run in 2013. Alex Brooker and Josh Widdecombe, his co-hosts will be resuming their places on the sofa, alongside Hills.
Entertainment Commissioning Editor, Syeda Irtizaali said "We knew The Last Leg was something special and we were in no doubt we wanted to keep the show's spirit of open and frank debate alive. We are working on a number of great ideas that will help push the show forward from its paralympic origins into a broad, intelligent and entertaining series. I'm hugely looking forward to working again with Adam, Alex and Josh.'
Adam said: "The Paralympics is one of my favourite events in the world. When Channel Four offered me the chance to cover it with The Last Leg, I jumped at it. It's not often you get the chance to do something you absolutely love, that people seem to connect with. I thought The Last Leg was going to be an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I'm over the moon to think that we can do it all again. "
Commissioned by Syeda Irtizaali for Channel4, The Last Leg is being produced by Open Mike Productions in association with Sunset + Vine
Channel 4 will also be showing a stand-up special of Hills live in concert recorded in December, at the Lyric Theatre in London's West End. ‘Adam Hills Live From The West End' (W/T) is produced by Open Mike Productions for Channel 4.
Related Links
Question:
Which comedian co-hosts the TV talk show The Last Leg with Adam Hills and Alex Brooker?
Answer:
Josh Widdecombe
Passage:
Ballbarrow
The Ballbarrow was a variation of the wheelbarrow design,  by James Dyson and was released in 1974 in the UK.  It featured a moulded plastic hopper on a steel frame and a spherical plastic wheel, allowing increased manoeuvrability. Dyson said that the surface area of the ball, larger than that of a conventional design, made the wheelbarrow easier to use in soft soil and more laterally stable with heavy loads on uneven ground. 

The original design featured a galvanised steel hopper. Later, the design was changed to a plastic hopper, with an optional clip-on height-extension piece. 

The Ballbarrow won the Building Design Innovation Award in 1977.  Dyson continued with the ball-wheel concept in his design for the Trolleyball boat launcher in 1978, and the DC15 vacuum cleaner in 2005.
Question:
Who invented the ballbarrow and the `Airblade' hand-drier amongst many other things?
Answer:
James Dyson
Passage:
United States - Scribd
United States | U.S. State
United States
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses of terms redirecting here, seeUS (dis ambiguation)
, USA (disambiguation)
The United States of America (commonly referred to as the
United States, the U.S., the USA, or America) is afederal
constitutional republiccomprising fifty statesan d a federal district. The country is situated mostly in central North America, where its forty-eight contiguous states and Washington, D.C., the capital district, lie between the Pacific
and
Atlantic
Oceans, bordered
byCanada to the north andMexico to the south. The state ofAlaska is in the northwest of the continent, with Canada to its east andRus s ia to the west across the Bering Strait. The state of
Hawaii is an
scattered around theCaribbean and Pacific.
At 3.79 million square miles (9.83 million km\u00b2) and with
about 305 million people, the United States is the third or
fourth largest country by total area, and third largest by land area and by population. The United States
is one of the world's most ethnically diverse andmulticu ltura l nations, the product of large-scale
immigration from many countries.[7] The U.S. economy is the largest national economy in the world,
with an estimated 2008 gross domestic product (GDP) ofUS$14.3 trillion (23% of the world total based
on nominal GDP and almost 21% at purchasing power parity
).[4][8] .. The nation was founded bythirteen
coloniesof Great Britain located along the Atlantic seaboard. On July 4, 1776, they issued the
Declaration of Independence, which proclaimed their independence from Great Britain and their
formation of a cooperative union. The rebellious states defeated Great Britain in theAmerican
Revolutionary War, the first successful colonial war of independence.[9] A federal conventionadopted
the currentUnited States Cons titution on September 17, 1787; its ratification the following year made
the states part of a single republic with a strong central government. The Bill of Rights, comprising ten
Research
and the Republic of Hawaii. Disputes between theagrarian
Southand industrial Northover states' rights and the
expansion of the institution of slavery provoked the
American Civil War of the 1860s. The North's victory
prevented a permanent split of the country and led to theend
of legal slavery in the United States. By the 1870s, the
national economy was the world's largest.[10] TheSpanish\u2013
American Warand World War I confirmed the country's status as a military power. In 1945, the United
States emerged from World War II as the first country with nuclear weapons, a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and a founding member ofNATO. The end of the Cold War left the United States as the solesuperpower. The country accounts for approximately 50% of global
military spending and is a leading economic, political, and cultural force in the world.[11]
The United States of
to as the United States, the
U.S., the USA, or America)
is afederal constitutional
statesan d a federal district.
The country is situated
mostly in central Nor th
America, where its forty- eight contiguous states and Washington, D.C., the capital district, lie between the Pacificand Atlantic Oceans,
bordered byCanada to the north andMexico to the south. The state ofAlaska is in the northwest of the continent, with Canada to its east andRussia to the west across the Bering Strait. The state ofHawaii is an
Research
archipelago in the mid-Pacific. The country also possesses several territories, or insular areas, scattered
around theCaribbean and Pacific.
At 3.79 million square miles (9.83 million km\u00b2) and with about 305 million people, the United States is the third or fourth largest country by total area, and third largest by land area and by population. The United States is one of the world's most ethnically diverse andmulticu ltura l nations, the product of large-scale immigration from many countries.[7] The U.S. economy is the largest national economy in the world, with an estimated 2008 gross domestic product (GDP) ofUS$14.3 trillion (23% of the world total based on nominal GDP and almost 21% at purchasing power parity
).[4][8]
The nation was founded by thirteen colonies of Great Britain located along the Atlantic seaboard. On July 4, 1776, they issued the Declaration of Independence, which proclaimed their independence from Great Britain and their formation of a cooperative union. The rebellious states defeated Great Britain in the American Revolutionary War, the first successful colonial war of independence.[9] Afederal
convention adopted the current United States Constitution on September 17, 1787; its ratification the
following year made the states part of a single republic with a strong central government. The Bill of
Rights, comprising ten constitutional amendments guaranteeing many fundamental civil rights and
freedoms, was ratified in 1791.
In the 19th century, the United States acquired land fromFrance,Spain, theUnited Kingdom,Mexico,
andRussia, andannexed the Republic of Texas and the Republic of Hawaii. Disputes between the
agrarian Southand industrial Northover states' rights and the expansion of the institution of slavery
provoked the American Civil War of the 1860s. The North's victory prevented a permanent split of the country and led to the end of legal slavery in the United States. By the 1870s, the national economy was the world's largest.[10] The Spanish\u2013American War and World War I confirmed the country's status as a military power. In 1945, the United States emerged from World War II as the first country with nuclear
weapons, a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and a founding member of NATO. The end of the Cold War left the United States as the sole superpower. The country accounts for approximately 50% of global military spending and is a leading economic, political, and cultural force in
the world.[11]
Question:
A peculiar frequency of roughly how many years saw US presidents dying in office (either assassinated or otherwise) from the 1840s to the 1960s?
Answer:
twenty
Passage:
The 9th of October 1967 AD, Breathalyser Introduced
The 9th of October 1967 AD, Breathalyser Introduced
Breathalyser Introduced
The 9th of October 1967 AD
The age of motoring innocence ï¿½ albeit an increasingly dangerous age ï¿½ came to an end with the introduction by then transport minister Barbara Castle of the breathalyser in October 1967. Ad hoc tests of sobriety such as making drivers stand on one leg, or walk a straight line, were thrust aside for a more scientific measure, though the breathalyser was initially only used for indicative purposes, a subsequent blood or urine test the actual evidential proof. Three years previously tests had hit on the blood alcohol level of 80mg of alcohol per 100ml as the limit beyond which driving was unsafe. The necessary legislation received royal assent in May 1967; and police forces were issued with the breathalyser equipment in preparation. The first driver to be tested happened to be stopped in Shropshire .
Somewhat incredibly there was major resistance to the very idea of the breathalyser test, and the 12-month driving ban for those caught over the limit. Even after the introduction Barbara Castle faced protests ï¿½ at one public event a group of publicans berated her for the damage it was doing to their business. But in the first 12 months in which the device was used, and with the additional push of an advertising campaign, road deaths reduced by more than 1100, and serious injuries sustained in car accidents by more than 11,000. After such an impact few could argue that the action had not been both successful and necessary.
Question:
Who was Transport Minister in 1967 when 'Breathalyser tests were introduced?
Answer:
Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn
