Passage:
Drake Passage
The Drake Passage () or Mar de Hoces—Sea of Hoces—is the body of water between South America's Cape Horn and the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It connects the southwestern part of the Atlantic Ocean (Scotia Sea) with the southeastern part of the Pacific Ocean and extends into the Southern Ocean. The passage receives its English-language name from the 16th-century English privateer  Sir Francis Drake.  Drake's only remaining ship, after having passed through the Strait of Magellan, was blown far south in September 1578.  This incident implied an open connection between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.

Half a century earlier, after a gale had pushed them south from the entrance of the Strait of Magellan, the crew of the Spanish navigator Francisco de Hoces thought they saw a land's end and possibly inferred this passage in 1525.Oyarzun, Javier, Expediciones españolas al Estrecho de Magallanes y Tierra de Fuego, 1976, Madrid: Ediciones Cultura Hispánica ISBN 84-7232-130-4 For this reason, some Spanish and Latin American historians and sources call it Mar de Hoces after Francisco de Hoces.

The first recorded voyage through the passage was that of Eendracht, captained by the Dutch navigator Willem Schouten in 1616, naming Cape Horn in the process.

The 800 km wide passage between Cape Horn and Livingston Island is the shortest crossing from Antarctica to any other landmass. The boundary between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans is sometimes taken to be a line drawn from Cape Horn to Snow Island (130 km north of mainland Antarctica). Alternatively, the meridian that passes through Cape Horn may be taken as the boundary. Both boundaries lie entirely within the Drake Passage.

The other two passages around the extreme southern part of South America (though not going around Cape Horn as such), Strait of Magellan and Beagle Channel, are very narrow, leaving little room for a ship. They can also become icebound, and sometimes the wind blows so strongly no sailing vessel can make headway against it. Hence most sailing ships preferred the  Drake Passage, which is open water for hundreds of miles, despite very rough conditions. The small Diego Ramírez Islands lie about 100 km south-southwest of Cape Horn.

There is no significant land anywhere around the world at the latitudes of Drake Passage, which is important to the unimpeded flow of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current which carries a huge volume of water (about 600 times the flow of the Amazon River) through the Passage and around Antarctica.

Ships in the Passage are often good platforms for the sighting of whales, dolphins and seabirds including giant petrels, other petrels, albatrosses and penguins.

The passage is known to have been closed until around 41 million years ago  according to a chemical study of fish teeth found in oceanic sedimentary rock. Before the passage opened, the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans were separated entirely with Antarctica being much warmer and having no ice cap. The joining of the two great oceans started the Antarctic Circumpolar Current and cooled the continent significantly.

File:Drake2.JPG|Rough seas are common in the Drake Passage
File:Drake3.JPG|Tourists watch whales in the Drake Passage
File:Drake4.JPG|Light-mantled sooty albatross flying over the Drake Passage
File:Drake5.JPG|Humpback whales are a common sight in the Drake Passage
File:Hourglas dolphin crop.jpg|Hourglass dolphins leaping in the Passage
Image:Drake Passage - Lambert Azimuthal projection.png|Drake Passage or Mar de Hoces between South America and Antarctica
Image:Drake Passage - Orthographic projection.png|Drake Passage
Question:
The most immediate sea to the east of Drake Passage, south of South America, is what?
Answer:
Mar del Scotia
Passage:
Raita
Raita is an Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi side dish made with dahi (yogurt, often referred to as curd) together with raw or cooked vegetables, more seldom fruit, or in the case of boondi raita, with fried droplets of batter made from besan (chickpea flour, generally labelled as gram flour).

The closest approximation in western cuisine is a side dish or  dip, or a cooked salad. It is often referred to as a condiment, but unlike traditional western condiments like salt, pepper, mustard and horseradish that made dishes more spicy, a dish of dahi or raita has a cooling effect to contrast with spicy curries and kebabs that are the main fare of some Asian cuisines. In Indian cuisine, some type of flatbread may be eaten together with raita, chutneys and pickles.

The yogurt may be seasoned with coriander, roasted cumin seeds; mint, cayenne pepper, chaat masala and other herbs and spices.

Etymology

The word raita first appeared in print around the 19th century; it comes from the Hindi language. The word raita in Hindi and Urdu is a derivative of the Sanskrit word rajika, meaning black mustard, and tiktaka, meaning sharp or pungent. 
In South India, especially Kerala and Tamil Nadu, traditional raita is called pachadi.

Raita is also sometimes simply called dahi, or "sourmilk", after its main ingredient, particularly in South African Indian cuisine.

Preparation

Cumin (') and black mustard (') are fried.  This tempering is then mixed with minced, raw vegetables or fruits (such as cucumber, onion, carrot, pineapple, papaya) and yogurt.

Raw ginger and garlic paste, green chili paste, and sometimes mustard paste are used to enrich flavour. 

A variety of raita of India varies from region to region, most notable raithas are boondi raitha—tiny balls of fried gram flour (chickpea flour), which may taste salty or tīkhā (spicy) and onion raita and vegetable raita. The mixture is served chilled. Raita may cool the palate when eating spicy Indian or Pakistani dishes.

Pachadi

For the main article see Pachadi.

Pachadi is the South Indian variation of Raita.

Variants

Raitas can be prepared with three main base ingredients: vegetables, pulses and fruits. These are mixed with yogurt and flavoured with a variety of seasonings to make different types of raita.

Vegetable raitas

# Tomato onion raita
# Cucumber raita
# Carrot raita
# Pumpkin raita
# Potato raita
# Mint and peanut raita
# Spinach raita
# Horned melon raita
# Beet raita
# Calabash raita (Bottle Gourd raita)
#Brinjal raita

Pulse raitas

# Sprouted green gram raita
# Boondi raita

Fruit raitas

# Banana raita
# Mango raita
# Guava raita
# Grape raita
# Pineapple raita
# Pomegranate raita

Serving methods

As a side dish

Raita is served as a side dish to be eaten with main course dishes.

* Biryani
* Pulav (pilaf)
* Seekh kabab
Question:
Raita is an Indian sauce or dip, what is always used as a base?
Answer:
Drinkable yogurt
Passage:
Devil's coach horse beetle
The Devil's coach-horse beetle, sometimes known as the cocktail beetle  (Ocypus olens) is a very common and widespread European beetle, belonging to the large family of the rove beetles (Staphylinidae).  It was originally included in the genus Staphylinus in 1764,  and some authors and biologists still use this classification. The species has also been introduced to the Americas and parts of Australasia.

This black beetle usually shelters during the day under stones, logs, or leaf litter. It is most often seen in forests, parks, and gardens between April and October.

Description

It is a long-bodied beetle. At about 25 -, it is one of the larger British beetles. Its wing covers (elytra) are short, covering only its thorax, exposing the abdominal segments. The abdominal musculature is powerful and the abdominal segments are covered with sclerotized plates. It is capable of flight, but its wings are rarely used. It is covered with fine, black hairs.

It is well known for its habit of raising its long and uncovered abdomen and opening its jaws, rather like a scorpion when threatened. This explains one of its alternative names, the cock-tail beetle. Although it has no sting, it can give a painful bite with its strong, pincer-like jaws. It also emits a foul-smelling odour, as a defensive secretion, from a pair of white glands at the end of its abdomen.

Diet

It is a predator, hunting mainly by night, feeding on invertebrates including worms and woodlice, as well as carrion. The prey is caught in the mandibles which are also used to cut and together with the front legs to manipulate the food into a bolus. The bolus is repeatedly chewed and swallowed, emerging covered with a brown secretion from the foregut, until it is reduced to a liquid which is digested. Skin (in the case of earthworms) and hard materials (from arthropods) are left.  The larvae are also carnivorous with similar eating habits.

Reproduction

Females lay their eggs from 2–3 weeks after first mating. They are large (4 mm) and white with a darker band and laid singly in  damp conditions under moss, stones, cow pats, or leaf litter, typically in the autumn. After around 30 days, the eggs split and the larvae emerge, white with a straw-coloured head. The larva lives largely underground, and feeds on similar prey to the adult and has the same well-developed mandibles. It adopts the same display with open jaws and raised tail when threatened. The larva goes through three stages of growth (instars), the final stage ranging from 20 to 26 mm in length. Around 150 days old, the larva pupates for about 35 days and emerges as an adult with its final colouring, fully formed except for the wings which cannot be folded neatly beneath the elytra for several hours. Adults can survive a second winter, some by hibernating in burrows and not emerging until March, while others remain active.

Etymology

This beetle has been associated with the Devil since the Middle Ages. Hence its common name, which has been used at least since 1840.  Other names include Devil's footman, Devil's coachman, and Devil's steed. One dictionary proposed the name developed in parallelism with ladybird and its Norse cognates.  In Irish, the beetle is called '  or '.  British folklore has it that a beetle has eaten the core of Eve's apple, and that a person who crushes such beetle is forgiven seven sins.
Question:
What type of creature is a Devil's Coach Horse?
Answer:
Black-Beetle
Passage:
Hydes Brewery Ltd Manchester - Find Real Ale Beer and ...
Hydes Brewery Ltd Manchester - Find Real Ale Beer and Cider in Manchester
Hydes - XXXX
Malty - 6.8%
A seriously strong and robust high strength true Winter ale.  Smell: Spicy, malt, toffee Taste: Rich, sweet, toffee Malt:  Perle Pale Ale, Crystal Hops:  Fuggles, Challenger, Target
XXXX
Seasonal
Not Currently Brewing: Amazing Grace, Berry Good Ale, Fine & Dandy, Friendship, Goalden Drop, Hubble Bubble, Hydes First Frost, Jekyll's Gold, Loose Cannon, Mild, Over A Barrel, Paddock Wood, Plum Treat, Ship Shape, Splash and Dash, Swift Delivery, Thirst Aid, Ticketyboo, Tightrope, Winter Fuggle, Yule Be Back
Question:
Which brewery, established in Manchester in 1863 makes 'Owd Oak' Mild?
Answer:
Hydes Brewery
Passage:
Wal-Mart's 'Save Money - Live Better' Slogan Is Step In ...
Wal-Mart's 'Save Money -  Live Better' Slogan Is Step In Right Direction
Live Better’ Slogan Is Step In Right Direction
Jim Prevor’s Perishable Pundit, September 14, 2007
Wal-Mart has announced a new slogan. Instead of “Always Low Prices. Always” the new slogan will be “Save Money. Live Better.”
Many media reports said this was the first slogan change in 19 years — which is not quite true. Back in 1994, Wal-Mart was compelled to change its slogan, which had been “Always the low price. Always” when the National Advertising Review Board found it deceptive.
The Board was responding to an appeal brought by local Better Business Bureaus and several competitors of Wal-Mart, including Target Stores (at that time a division of the Dayton Hudson Corporation) and Meijer Inc.
The complaint claimed that the slogan inaccurately implied that Wal-Mart’s prices were the lowest prices on each and every item, each and every place and each and every time. The Board agreed this could mislead some shoppers and Wal-Mart changed its slogan.
The new one is unquestionably better from a marketing perspective. Always low prices is a feature that Wal-Mart offers. It is an ironclad rule that we don’t sell features, we sell benefits.
“Save Money. Live Better” combines both. “Save money” is a feature. “Live Better” is a benefit.
So it should be more effective. And it is based on an important reality that Wal-Mart needs to emphasize when so many of its enemies are inclined to think that low prices translate into safety issues, sub-par treatment of employees, etc. Wal-Mart needs to emphasize that its low prices translate into better lives for tens of millions of families:
In Wal-Mart’s case, the agency latched on to a study by the economic research firm Global Insight that found the retailer’s low prices saved customers $287 billion last year — or $2,500 per household.
The agency crafted the two kickoff ads around that number. Each ends with the new slogan and a question, “Wal-Mart saves the average family $2,500 per year. What will you do with your savings?”
In one commercial, a man and his son drive to a used-car lot. The son spots a sporty red car. The father elbows him and tells him to go check it out. As the son runs his fingers across the hood, cue tagline.
In the other, a real-life family leaves a Wal-Mart parking lot in their minivan and hits the road for a vacation. They stay at a tiny hotel. The kids jump on the bed. They swim in a pool, eat ice cream and frolic on the beach. Then the van is shown headed down the highway, passing underneath a sign pointing toward Orlando. Cue tagline.
“I love retail ads that make a specific promise,” said Steve Bassett, a creative director at Martin. “Always low prices was specific, but for me, ‘Save Money. Live Better’ is a bigger promise that is backed up by a number that’s pretty impressive.”
It is a good change for Wal-Mart. The disaster, however, will be if management thinks the new slogan is a way of broadening Wal-Mart’s appeal to upper income shoppers.
Wal-Mart can sell Clorox to many affluent people — they know a bargain as well as anyone. But clothing is a sign post of social standing, and that means it is highly unlikely Wal-Mart will sell a lot of upscale clothing without alienating its shopper base.
If Wal-Mart sticks to the idea that its low prices are a priceless gift to the millions of Americans who live paycheck-to-paycheck, then the new campaign will be a big winner for Wal-Mart.
Question:
Which US-based retail company has the motto ‘Save Money. Live Better’?
Answer:
Wall mart
Passage:
Roland 'Vaseline' Cartwright - London's Burning Wiki - Wikia
Roland 'Vaseline' Cartwright | London's Burning Wiki | Fandom powered by Wikia
Roland Oliver Cartwright, nicknamed "Vaseline", was a Firefighter at Blackwall Fire Station from the pilot movie through series 2 .
Biography
Edit
Vaseline, so called because he was slippery and a womanizer, had three wives (each named Marion) and numerous mistresses and was always moonlighting in secondary jobs. In the movie he was portrayed as bigoted and misogynistic, particularly in his attitudes to Ethnic and Josie Ingham , although he became more of a likeable rogue during the series.
By the time of the pilot movie Vaseline had already been married twice. A day after his divorce from Marion 2 came through he married Marion 3 (despite Marion 2 gatecrashing the wedding). He and Marion 3 bickered constantly, as she rarely knew where he was or what he was doing. He once didn't return home for two days and when he finally did she caught him disposing of a condom wrapper. Vaseline had a son with Marion 3, who they named Damien, which most of the watch thought appropriate given that Damien was the name of the Devil's son in The Omen.
Once on a shout Vaseline's boots caught fire because they were covered in fertilizer: he had been using them for gardening. On another shout, he accidentally ran over a cat they had just rescued. He did some work for a builder named Big Eddie, but after accepting an advance on his pay he didn't return, so the irate builder came to the station looking for him and had to be dealt with by George. Over Christmas he moonlighted as a chauffeur for George 's brother-in-law Cyril, and accidentally crashed the car into the living room of a nearby house. He also worked in a wine bar, which he described as being like "a squirrel in a nut factory", given the number of young and attractive women who frequented it.
A serial womanizer, Vaseline chatted up a prostitute Blue Watch had just rescued from a lift . While on duty he tried to sneak off to the car park with her but kept getting interrupted by the bells, so she walked out on him. In hospital having his burnt feet treated, he tried to chat up one of the nurses (also called Marion); Marion 3 then appeared and attacked the nurse who was giving him a bed bath and had to be escorted out. He did some gardening for a posh woman, and ended up sleeping with her.
To Vaseline's horror his first wife Marion then turned up claiming he owed her money, and Marion 3 allowed her to stay. The two continually ganged up on him and at one point he got into bed with Marion 1 by mistake, and she blackmailed him into staying. He told Bayleaf : "Marion 3 thinks I'm giving Marion 1 one too!" They also made him babysit his son while they went out and to his surprise he enjoyed it. When Sicknote cajoled everyone into attending his performance of The Student Prince, Vaseline sent the two Marions while he babysitted again.
While the pump crew were checking fire hydrants along the Surrey docks, a nearby van fell into the Thames . Vaseline, Bayleaf and George dived in to rescue the driver, but Vaseline did not resurface; his BA set had malfunctioned underwater, drowning him. At his funeral, Josie revealed that Marion 1 was also pregnant, to the amusement of the watch.
Question:
What was the nickname of the character Roland Cartwright in the TV series London's Burning?
Answer:
Vaseline
Passage:
Laurence Payne
Laurence Payne (5 June 1919 – 23 February 2009) was an English actor and novelist. 

Early life

Laurence Stanley Payne was born in London. His father died when he was three years old, and he and his elder brother and sister were brought up by their mother, a Wesleyan Methodist in Wood Green, London. He attended Belmont School and Tottenham Grammar School, leaving at 16 to take a clerical job. After training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in 1939, he was exempted from war service as a conscientious objector on condition that he went on tour with the Old Vic during the war. 

Career

Payne made his professional debut at the Old Vic theatre in 1939 and remained with the company for several years. He then performed at the Chanticleer and Arts theatres in London, also directing and broadcasting for the first times during this period.  At Stratford-on-Avon he played, among other parts, Romeo in Peter Brook's 1947 production.

After more work at London theatres, he played leading roles at the prestigious Bristol Old Vic, and after that rejoined the London Old Vic company. At the Embassy Theatre in London he played Hamlet.

His film credits include: The Trollenberg Terror (aka. The Crawling Eye), Vampire Circus, The Tell-Tale Heart and Ben-Hur. His television credits include: Z-Cars, Moonstrike,  The Sandbaggers, Airline, Telephone Soup and Tales of the Unexpected. See him also as Capulet in a 1976 version of Romeo and Juliet.

He appears in three Doctor Who serials: The Gunfighters, The Leisure Hive and The Two Doctors, playing a different role in each. Perhaps his most famous role was as TV's Sexton Blake (1968–71) on ITV in Britain. It was while filming an episode of Sexton Blake that he lost the sight in his left eye during rehearsal of a sword fighting scene with actor Basil Henson, following a hard sword blow against the side of his head.   Peter Moffatt took him straight away to Moorfields Eye Hospital, and Payne was told that, if he could lie still for a week without moving his head, his retina would join up again so preserving his sight. Instead of doing this, Payne went back to work, got hit in a fist fight, and so lost his sight in that eye.

After retiring from acting, Payne continued to concentrate on writing crime/detective novels (his first novel having been published in 1962). By 1993, he had published 11 novels,  and he has been called "one of the great humorists of the world of crime fiction". 

Selected filmography

* Train of Events (1949)
* Glad Tidings (1953)
* Dangerous Exile (1957)
* Ill Met by Moonlight (1957)
* A Tale of Two Cities (1958)
* The Trollenberg Terror (1958)
* Ben-Hur (1959)
* The Tell-Tale Heart (1960)
* The Singer Not the Song (1961)
* The Third Alibi (1961)
* The Queen's Guards (1961)
* Barabbas (1961)
* The Court Martial of Major Keller (1961)
* Crosstrap (1962)
* Mystery Submarine (1963)
* Vampire Circus (1972)
* Romeo and Juliet (1976) (TV)
Question:
Actor Laurence Payne who died in February 2009, aged 89, played which fictional detective on TV?
Answer:
Sexton Blake
Passage:
Brett Butler (actress)
Brett Butler (born January 30, 1958) is an American actress, writer, and stand-up comedian, best known for playing the title role in the comedy series Grace Under Fire. 

Early life

Butler was born Brett Anderson in Montgomery, Alabama, the eldest of five sisters. Before experiencing success as a stand-up comic, she worked as a cocktail waitress. 

Career

One of the first notable appearances for Butler was on Dolly Parton's ill-fated 1987 variety series, Dolly. Parton subsequently hired Butler as a writer for the remainder of the show's season, only to have the series be cancelled.

She was the star of the ABC television show Grace Under Fire from 1993 to 1998. During the show, she battled a recurring drug addiction and spent time in rehab. 

Butler published her memoirs, entitled Knee Deep in Paradise, in 1996. The book was started before attaining her celebrity status, and candidly addresses much of this time frame, ending the autobiography before Grace Under Fires television debut.  

In February 1998, due to her erratic behavior stemming from substance abuse, she was dismissed from the show and ABC canceled the series.   

After Grace was cancelled in 1998, Butler moved out of Los Angeles and onto a farm in Georgia where she lived with 15 pets. In 2008, Butler headlined at an arts fundraiser and spoke freely with a reporter about her depression, past drug addiction, television work, and current life on a farm. She also expressed interest in writing another book.[http://www.santafe.com/article/spitfire/ "Spitfire: Comic Brett Butler set to take the stage in Santa Fe"] Santafe.com October 23, 2008

In October 2011, Butler appeared on The Rosie Show and reported being sober since 1998.  A 2011 Hollywood Reporter article said that when the money ran out, she turned to a homeless shelter for cover.   By this time Butler was attempting to make a career comeback, and was working on developing a reality TV show about her self-professed psychic abilities and performing at the Downtown Comedy Club in Los Angeles. 

Beginning in June 2012, Butler appeared in a recurring role on the CBS soap The Young and the Restless playing ex-psychiatrist Tim Reid's girlfriend.

Butler also has a recurring role as the bartender at the restaurant that Charlie Goodson frequents in the FX show Anger Management starring Charlie Sheen.

Filmography

Film

Television
Question:
Which TV series featured Brett Butler playing the main character called Grace Kelly?
Answer:
Grace Under Fire (TV series)
Passage:
Ashoka Chakra
The Ashoka Chakra is a depiction of the dharmachakra; represented with 24 spokes. It is so called because it appears on a number of edicts of Ashoka, most prominent among which is the Lion Capital of Ashoka. The most visible use of the Ashoka Chakra today is at the centre of the Flag of India (adopted on 22 July 1947), where it is rendered in a navy-blue colour on a white background, replacing the symbol of charkha (spinning wheel) of the pre-independence versions of the flag.

Symbolic history

When Gautama Buddha achieved nirvana at Bodh Gaya, he came to Sarnath on the outskirts of Varanasi. There he found his five disciples Assaji, Mahānāma, Kondañña, Bhaddiya and Vappa, who had earlier abandoned him. He introduced his first teachings to them, thereby establishing the dharmachakra. This is the motif taken up by Ashoka and portrayed on top of his pillars.

However, the 12 out of 24 spokes represent the twelve causal links taught by the Buddha and pratītyasamutpāda (conditional arising). The first 12 spokes represent 12 stages of suffering. Next 12 spokes represent no cause no effect. So, due to awareness of mind formation of mental conditioning stops. This process stops the process of birth and death i.e. nibbana.  The twelve causal links, paired with their corresponding symbols, are:
# Avidyā lack of awareness - 
# Sanskāra conditioning of mind unknowingly 
# Vijñāna consciousness 
# Nāmarūpa name and form (constituent elements of mental and physical existence) 
# Ṣaḍāyatana six senses (eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, and mind) - 
# Sparśa contact - 
# Vedanā sensation - 
# Tṛṣṇā thirst - 
# Upādāna grasping  - 
# Bhava coming to be - 
# Jāti being born - 
# Jarāmaraṇa old age  and death  - corpse being carried.
These 12 in reverse represent a total 24 spokes representing the dharma.
Question:
The central blue 'Ashoka Chakra' icon on India's national flag represents a?
Answer:
Wheel
Passage:
Wahiba Sands
The Sharqiya Sands  (formerly known as Wahiba Sands, or Ramlat al-Wahiba) is a region of desert in Oman.   The region was named for the Bani Wahiba tribe.Alsharan, 615. The area is defined by a boundary of 180 km north to south and 80 km east to west, with an area of 12500 km2.Alsharan, 216. The desert has been of scientific interest since a 1986 expedition by the Royal Geographical Society documented the diversity of the terrain, the flora and fauna, noting 16,000 invertebrates as well as 200 species of other wildlife, including avifauna.Darke and Shields, 216. They also documented 150 species of native flora.

Geology

The desert was formed during the Quaternary period as a result of the forces of south-west blowing monsoon and the northern shamal trade wind, coming in from the east.  Based on the types of dunes found in the area, it is divided into the high, or upper, Wahiba and low Wahiba.  The upper area contains mega-ridge sand systems on a north-south line that are believed to have been formed by monsoon. The dunes of the north, formed at some point after the last regional glaciation, measure up to 100 m high,Alsharan, 119, 316. with peaks accumulating in the areas just beyond the strongest wind speeds, where declining velocity wind deposited sand.  The north and west boundaries of the desert are delineated by the fluvial systems Wadi Batha and Wadi Andam.  Beneath the surface sands are an older layer of cemented carbonate sand. Alluvium deposits believed to have originated from the Wadi Batha during the Paleolithic era have been disclosed in the central desert 200 m beneath the interdune surface.  Wind erosion is believed to have contributed to the existence of a nearly level plain in the southwest. 

Inhabitants

The area is occupied by Bedouins who congregate at Al Huyawah, an oasis near the border of the desert, between June and September to gather dates. Tribes present in the area at the time of the Royal Geographical Society expedition included, predominately, the al-Wahiba (or Yal Wahiba) for whom the region is named, the al-Amr, the al-Bu-Isa, the Hikman, Hishm and Janaba. 

Gallery

File:Wahiba Sands (12).jpg|Wahiba Sands
File:Wahiba Sands (7).jpg|Wahiba Sands
File:Prosopis cineraria.jpg|Ghaf trees(Prosopis cineraria)
File:Wahiba Sands, sunrise (6896834297).jpg|Wahiba Sands, sunrise

Notes

Sources

*
*
*
Question:
Where are the Wahibah Sands?
Answer:
سلطنة عُمان
Passage:
Jeffrey Wigand
Jeffrey S. Wigand (; born 17 December 1942) is an American former vice president of research and development at Brown & Williamson in Louisville, Kentucky, who worked on the development of reduced-harm cigarettes. He currently lectures around the world as an expert witness and consultant for various tobacco issues, and devotes time to his non-profit organization Smoke-Free Kids Inc, an organization that works to help young people decide not to use tobacco. 

Wigand became nationally known as a whistleblower on February 4, 1996 when he appeared on the CBS news program 60 Minutes and stated that Brown & Williamson had intentionally manipulated its tobacco blend to increase the amount of nicotine in cigarette smoke. Wigand claimed that he was subsequently harassed and received anonymous death threats. Wigand discussed the death threats in an interview. 

He was portrayed by Russell Crowe in the 1999 film The Insider directed by Michael Mann, which also stars Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer.

Biography

Jeffrey Wigand was born in New York and grew up in the Bronx and later Pleasant Valley, New York. After a brief time in the military (including a short assignment in Vietnam), he earned a Master's in Biochemistry and a PhD from the University at Buffalo in Biochemistry. He met his first wife, Linda, in 1970 while attending a judo class.

Prior to working for Brown & Williamson, Wigand worked for several health care companies, including Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson. In addition, he was employed as General Manager and Marketing Director at Union Carbide in Japan, and as Senior Vice President at Technicon Instruments.

Wigand began to work for Brown & Williamson in January 1989 and was fired on March 24, 1993. He says that he was fired because he knew that high-ranking corporate executives knowingly approved the addition of additives to their cigarettes that were known to be carcinogenic and/or addictive, such as coumarin.   Following this he taught chemistry and Japanese at duPont Manual Magnet High School in Louisville, Kentucky, and was eventually named 1996 Teacher of the Year for the state of Kentucky.

Wigand no longer teaches high school and instead lectures worldwide to a variety of audiences including children, college students, medical and law students and policy makers. He has consulted with governments throughout the world on tobacco control policies (the list includes Canada, The Netherlands, Scotland, Israel, Italy, Malta, Germany, France, Ireland, Iceland, Japan). Wigand is currently married to Hope Elizabeth May, an American philosopher, author and lawyer  who is a professor at Central Michigan University in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, where he now resides. He is a member of the Mount Pleasant Board of Education. 

Honorary degrees

* Sc.D. Worcester Polytechnic Institute (Science-Honoris Causa)
* Honorary M.D. Medical Society of Nova Scotia, Canada
* Ph.D. Connecticut College (Humane Letters-Honoris Causa)
Question:
The tobacco industry whistleblower Jeffrey Wigand, the Irish-American boxing champion Jim Braddock, and the celebrated mathematician John Forbes Nash are three of the real-life people played in Hollywood films by which actor?
Answer:
Russel crow
Passage:
Marie Kondo
is a Japanese organizing consultant and author.   She has written four books on organizing, which have collectively sold millions of copies and have been translated from Japanese into languages including Korean, Chinese, French, German, and English. In particular, her book The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing (2011) has been published in more than 30 countries.  It was a best seller in Japan and in Europe, and was published in the United States in 2014. 

She was listed as one of Times "100 most influential people" in 2015. 

Background

Kondo says that she has been interested in organizing since childhood. In junior school, she ran into the classroom to tidy up bookshelves while her classmates were playing in physical education class. Whenever there was nomination for class roles, she did not seek to be the class representative or the pet feeder. Instead, she yearned to be the bookshelf manager to continue to tidy up books. She said she experienced a breakthrough in organizing one day, "I was obsessed with what I could throw away. One day, I had a kind of nervous breakdown and fainted. I was unconscious for two hours. When I came to, I heard a mysterious voice, like some god of tidying telling me to look at my things more closely. And I realized my mistake: I was only looking for things to throw out. What I should be doing is finding the things I want to keep. Identifying the things that make you happy: that is the work of tidying."

She also spent five years as an attendant maiden at a Shinto shrine. She is married  and had a baby girl in July 2015. 

KonMari method

Kondo's method of organizing is known as the KonMari method, and consists of gathering together everything you own, one category at a time, and then keeping only those things that "spark joy" (tokimeku in Japanese, literally "flutter, throb, palpitate" ), and choosing a place for everything from then on.  

Media appearances

A two-part TV dramatization was filmed in 2013 based on Kondo and her work, 人生がときめく片づけの魔法.  She has also done many lectures and TV appearances.  She has also released a series of videos teaching “the best way to fold for perfect appearance”. 

Publications

*Jinsei ga Tokimeku Katazuke no Maho (人生がときめく片づけの魔法).
**Tokyo: Sunmark Shuppan, 2011. ISBN 978-4-7631-3120-1. Japanese-language text.
**German translation. 2013. ISBN 978-3-499-62481-0.
**English translation. The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing. New York: Ten Speed Press, 2014, ISBN 978-1607747307.
*Jinsei ga Tokimeku Katazuke no Maho 2 (人生がときめく片づけの魔法2). Tokyo: Sunmark Shuppan, 2012. ISBN 978-4-7631-3241-3.
*Mainichi ga Tokimeku Katazuke no Maho (毎日がときめく片付けの魔法),. Tokyo: Sunmark Shuppan, 2014. ISBN 978-4-7631-3352-6.
*Irasuto de Tokimeku Katazuke no Maho = The Illustrated Guide to the Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up (イラストでときめく片付けの魔法）. Tokyo: Sunmark Shuppan, 2015. ISBN 978-4-7631-3427-1.
Question:
Best-selling Japanese author Marie Kondo refers to Japanese 'Tokimeku' ('spark joy' - literally palpitate) in the life-changing 'KonMari' method of?
Answer:
Decluttering
Passage:
Carpe diem
is a Latin aphorism, usually translated "seize the day", taken from book 1 of the Roman poet Horace's work Odes (23 BC).

Translation

' is the second-person singular present active imperative of carpō "pick or pluck" used by Horace to mean "enjoy, seize, use, make use of".  Diem is the accusative case of the noun dies "day". A more literal translation of "" would thus be "pluck the day [as it is ripe]"—i.e., enjoy the moment.

History

Sources

Text from Odes 1.11:

In ancient literature

Perhaps the first written expression of the concept is the advice given by Siduri to Gilgamesh, telling him to forgo his mourning and embrace life although some scholars see it as simply urging Gilgamesh to abandon his mourning, "reversing the liminal rituals of mourning and returning to the normal and normative behaviors of Mesopotamian society."  

Meaning

In Horace, the phrase is part of the longer "", which can be translated as "Seize the day, put very little trust in tomorrow (the future)". The ode says that the future is unforeseen and that one should not leave to chance future happenings, but rather one should do all one can today to make one's future better. This phrase is usually understood against Horace's Epicurean background.  The meaning of "" as used by Horace is not to ignore the future, but rather not to trust that everything is going to fall into place for you and taking action for the future today. 

Related expressions

Hebrew

The phrase  "And if not now, then when?" (Pirkei Avoth 1:14).

Other Latin

"" ("gather, girl, the roses") appears at the end of the poem ""[http://www.fh-augsburg.de/~Harsch/Chronologia/Lsante01/Vergilius/ver_apro.html ""] in a collection of the works of Virgil under the note " ("This poem was written by an unknown poet"); , Augsburg University of Applied Sciences ("Of growing roses", also called Idyllium de rosis) attributed to Ausonius or Virgil. It encourages youth to enjoy life before it is too late; compare "Gather ye rosebuds while ye may" from "To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time".

' ("On the Shortness of Life"), often referred to as Gaudeamus igitur, ("Let us rejoice") is a popular academic commercium song, on taking joy in student life, with the knowledge that one will someday die. It is medieval Latin, dating to 1287.

Related but distinct is the expression "memento mori" ("remember that you are mortal") which carries some of the same connotation as "". For Horace, mindfulness of our own mortality is key in making us realize the importance of the moment. "Remember that you are mortal, so seize the day." Over time the phrase "" also came to be associated with penitence, as suggested in many vanitas paintings. Today many listeners will take the two phrases as representing almost opposite approaches, with "" urging us to savour life and "" urging us to resist its allure. This is not the original sense of the "" phrase as used by Horace.

In popular culture

In the 1989 movie Dead Poets Society, the English teacher John Keating, played by Robin Williams, famously says: "Carpe Diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." Later, this line was voted as the 95th greatest movie quote by the American Film Institute.  The NBC television series Community later satirized the movie in the episode "Introduction to Film," with John Michael Higgins playing a comedically eccentric version of Williams' character.

The American progressive metal band Dream Theater released the 23-minute epic "A Change of Seasons" on their 1995 album of the same name. The song numerously references the "carpe diem" or "Seize the Day" aphorism as part of its storyline. The song also includes audio samples from the 1989 film Dead Poets Society and quotes from the 1648 Robert Herrick poem, "To the Virgins, to Make Much of Time", all of which are conceived surrounding the concept of "carpe diem".

The American heavy metal band Metallica produced a song called "Carpe Diem Baby" on their 1997 album Reload. The chorus contains the line "Come squeeze and suck the day. Come carpe diem, baby!"
In the film Poseidon (2006)  Richard Dreyfuss at 13:06 toasts his fellow travelers with "Carpe diem, my friend. Carpe diem. There was no work crisis."

The soundtrack to the 2011 animated film Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension includes  a track called "Carpe Diem".
The American punk rock band, Green Day, produced a song called "Carpe Diem" on their 2012 album ¡Uno!. The chorus is "Carpe Diem, a battle cry, are we all too young to die? Ask for reason, and no reply, are we all too young to die?"

The English alternative rock band, You Me at Six, produced a song called "Carpe Diem" on their 2014 album Cavalier Youth. The chorus is "Carpe diem 'til the very end. I have no regrets. Carpe diem 'til the bitter end."

Bob Catley's 1999 solo album Legends includes the song "Carpe Diem" with the chorus "seize the day".

A song and single of the album Chokmah by the German singer Nena is called "Carpe Diem".

It is the motto of Marden High School; the École Mission Senior Secondary School; Mother Teresa Catholic Secondary School.

In season 1 of the animated show Gravity Falls, there is an episode titled "Carpet Diem".

In season 1 of the hit sci-fi show Eureka, the local restaurant in town is called "Café Diem".
Question:
What does 'Carpe diem' translate as?
Answer:
Seize the Day
Passage:
Scoville scale
The Scoville scale is a measurement of the pungency (spicy heat) of chili peppers, such as the jalapeño, the bhut jolokia, and the world's current hottest pepper—the Carolina Reaper, or other spicy foods as reported in Scoville heat units (SHU),  a function of capsaicin concentration. Capsaicin is one of many related chemicals, collectively called capsaicinoids.
The scale is named after its creator, American pharmacist Wilbur Scoville. His method, devised in 1912, is known as the Scoville Organoleptic Test.

Unlike methods based on high-performance liquid chromatography, the Scoville scale is an empirical measurement dependent on the capsaicin sensitivity of testers and so is not a precise or accurate method to measure capsaicinoid concentration.

Scoville organoleptic test 

In Scoville's method, an exact weight of dried pepper is dissolved in alcohol to extract the heat components (capsinoids), then diluted in a solution of sugar water.  Decreasing concentrations of the extracted capsinoids are given to a panel of five trained tasters, until a majority (at least three) can no longer detect the heat in a dilution. The heat level is based on this dilution, rated in multiples of 100 SHU.

A weakness of the Scoville Organoleptic Test is its imprecision due to human subjectivity, depending on the taster's palate and their number of mouth heat receptors, which varies greatly among people. Another weakness is sensory fatigue: the palate is quickly desensitised to capsaicins after tasting a few samples within a short time period. Results vary widely (up to ± 50%) between laboratories. 

Scoville ratings

Considerations

Since Scoville ratings are defined per unit of dry mass, comparison of ratings between products having different water content can be misleading.
For example, typical fresh chili peppers have a water content around 90 percent, whereas Tabasco sauce has a water content of 95 percent.  For law-enforcement-grade pepper spray, values from 500,000 up to 1 million SHU have been mentioned,  but the actual strength of the spray depends on the dilution, which could vary by a factor of 10. 

The chilis with the highest rating on the Scoville scale exceed one million Scoville units, and include specimens of naga jolokia or bhut jolokia and its cultivar, the "ghost chili", which does not have official cultivar status.  The Carolina Reaper is currently the highest rated pepper in the world. 

Numerical results for any specimen vary depending on its cultivation conditions and the uncertainty of the laboratory methods used to assess the capsaicinoid content. Pungency values for any pepper are variable, owing to expected variation within a species—easily by a factor of 10 or more—depending on seed lineage, climate (humidity is a big factor for the Bhut Jolokia; the Dorset Naga and the original Naga have quite different ratings), and even soil (this is especially true of habaneros). The inaccuracies described in the measurement methods above also contribute to the imprecision of these values.

Peppers

Pure chemicals

ASTA pungency units

Since at least the 1980s, spice heat has been more precisely measured by a method that uses high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). This identifies and measures the concentration of heat-producing chemicals. The measurements are used in a mathematical formula that weights them according to their relative capacity to produce a sensation of heat. This method yields results, not in Scoville units, but in American Spice Trade Association (ASTA) pungency units. A measurement of one part capsaicin per million corresponds to about 16 Scoville units, and the published method says that ASTA pungency units can be multiplied by 16 and reported as Scoville units. Scoville units are a measure for capsaicin content per unit of dry mass.    This conversion is approximate, and spice experts Donna R. Tainter and Anthony T. Grenis say that there is consensus that it gives results about 20–50% lower than the actual Scoville method would have given.

Pharmaceutical use 

Neuropathy symptoms are often treated with high concentrations of topical hot pepper extracts (capsaicin) that is applied to the skin. This treatment can last as long as twelve weeks. Initially, the treatment is uncomfortable and a local anesthesia can be used to relieve the pain.
Question:
The Scoville Scale is used to measure the heat of what?
Answer:
Chili Pepper
Passage:
Mycology
Mycology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of fungi, including their genetic and biochemical properties, their taxonomy and their use to humans  as a source for tinder, medicine, food, and entheogens, as well as their dangers, such as poisoning or infection. A biologist specializing in mycology is called a mycologist.
 
From mycology arose the field of phytopathology, the study of plant diseases, and the two disciplines remain closely related because the vast majority of "plant" pathogens are fungi.

Historically, mycology was a branch of botany because, although fungi are evolutionarily more closely related to animals than to plants, this was not recognized until a few decades ago. Pioneer mycologists included Elias Magnus Fries, Christian Hendrik Persoon, Anton de Bary, and Lewis David von Schweinitz.

Many fungi produce toxins, antibiotics, and other secondary metabolites. For example, the cosmopolitan (worldwide) genus Fusarium and their toxins associated with fatal outbreaks of alimentary toxic aleukia in humans were extensively studied by Abraham Joffe.

Fungi are fundamental for life on earth in their roles as symbionts, e.g. in the form of mycorrhizae, insect symbionts, and lichens.  Many fungi are able to break down complex organic biomolecules such as lignin, the more durable component of wood, and pollutants such as xenobiotics, petroleum, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.  By decomposing these molecules, fungi play a critical role in the global carbon cycle.

Fungi and other organisms traditionally recognized as fungi, such as oomycetes and myxomycetes (slime molds), often are economically and socially important, as some cause diseases of animals (such as histoplasmosis) as well as plants (such as Dutch elm disease and Rice blast).

Field meetings to find interesting species of fungi are known as 'forays', after the first such meeting organized by the Woolhope Naturalists' Field Club in 1868 and entitled "A foray among the funguses"[sic]. 

Some fungi can cause disease in humans or other organisms. The study of pathogenic fungi is referred to as medical mycology.

History

It is presumed that humans started collecting mushrooms as food in Prehistoric times. Mushrooms were first written about in the works of Euripides (480-406 B.C.). The Greek philosopher Theophrastos of Eressos (371-288 B.C.) was perhaps the first to try to systematically classify plants; mushrooms were considered to be plants missing certain organs. It was later Pliny the elder (23–79 A.D.), who wrote about truffles in his encyclopedia Naturalis historia. The word mycology comes  from the Greek: μύκης (mukēs), meaning "fungus" and the suffix  (-logia), meaning "study".

The Middle Ages saw little advancement in the body of knowledge about fungi. Rather, the invention of the printing press allowed some authors to disseminate superstitions and misconceptions about the fungi that had been perpetuated by the classical authors. 

The start of the modern age of mycology begins with Pier Antonio Micheli's 1737 publication of Nova plantarum genera.  Published in Florence, this seminal work laid the foundations for the systematic classification of grasses, mosses and fungi. The term mycology and the complementary mycologist were first used in 1836 by M.J. Berkeley. 

Medical mycology

For centuries, certain mushrooms have been documented as a folk medicine in China, Japan, and Russia.   Although the use of mushrooms in folk medicine is centered largely on the Asian continent, people in other parts of the world like the Middle East, Poland, and Belarus have been documented using mushrooms for medicinal purposes.    Certain mushrooms, especially polypores like Reishi were thought to be able to benefit a wide variety of health ailments.  Medicinal mushroom research in the United States is currently active, with studies taking place at City of Hope National Medical Center,   as well as the Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center. 

Current research focuses on mushrooms that may have hypoglycemic activity, anti-cancer activity, anti-pathogenic activity, and immune system-enhancing activity.  Recent research has found that the oyster mushroom naturally contains the cholesterol-lowering drug lovastatin, mushrooms produce large amounts of vitamin D when exposed to ultraviolet (UV) light,  and that certain fungi may be a future source of taxol.  To date, penicillin, lovastatin, ciclosporin, griseofulvin, cephalosporin, ergometrine, and statins are the most famous pharmaceuticals that have been isolated from the fungi kingdom.
Question:
What is studied by a 'Mycologist'?
Answer:
Fungus kingdom
Passage:
Top 10 Best Friend Songs in Country Music - The Boot
Top 10 Best Friend Songs in Country Music
Top 10 Best Friend Songs in Country Music
REDDIT
Frederick M. Brown / Terry Wyatt / Rick Diamond, Getty Images
Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean , Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers , Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney , Jamey Johnson and Randy Houser — the country music world has a lot of BFFs. No wonder the genre has so many great best friend songs.
It only makes sense: After all, it’s our buddies who are there for us to help us get over the lyin’, cheatin’, cold-dead beatin’ exes country artists also love to sing about! And so, below, The Boot counts down country music’s greatest songs about friendship.
10
 
 
Fuzzy Friendship Phrase: “Pull up a seat, take a load off your feet / Come on over.”
Twain’s motto for all of her friends: The door is always open. The clever lyrics and simple melody of this number are as comforting as fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
 
 
 
Fuzzy Friendship Phrase: “You’re my sunshine, day and night / Oh, what a difference you’ve made in my life.”
Milsap’s lyrics give us a way of thanking our friends for their companionship without over-complicating things. After all, who doesn’t want to hear that they’re someone’s “sunshine”?
 
 
 
Fuzzy Friendship Phrase: “That kind of therapy money can’t buy / Every now and then, every now and then / Every girl needs a good friend and a glass of wine”
Sometimes all we need after a bad day is to have good conversation with a friend (and a tall pour of vino doesn’t hurt, either!). Rimes’ song reminds us to take a moment to relax with those closest to us every so often.
 
‘You Can’t Make Old Friends’
Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers
 
 
Fuzzy Friendship Phrase: “What will I do when you are gone? / Who’s gonna tell me the truth? / Who’s gonna finish the stories I start / The way you always do?”
Parton and Rogers teamed up for an incredibly touching song about the rare treasure of old friends — the ones who have been there through thick and thin for years and years and are irreplaceable. The song poignantly states that when Saint Peter opens the gate to heaven, “I will be there just waiting for you.”
Question:
"According to song, what are a ""girl's best friend""?"
Answer:
Diamond
Passage:
Michelle Obama's Inauguration Dress Designed By Isabel ...
Michelle Obama's Inauguration Dress Designed By Isabel Toledo (POLL) | The Huffington Post
Michelle Obama's Inauguration Dress Designed By Isabel Toledo (POLL)
02/20/2009 05:12 am ET | Updated May 25, 2011
560
Nicholas Graham Huffington Post
Michelle Obama looks particularly chic today in a pale yellow gown by designer Isabel Toledo.  You can see more of her designs here , and read more about the designer herself here .  Scroll down for photos of Michelle, and for more info about the inaugural fashion from AP. (Images from Getty)
From AP :
First lady Michelle Obama wore a sparkling yellow-gold sheath dress with matching coat by Cuban-born American designer Isabel Toledo for the inauguration of her husband, a choice many applauded as a cheerful message of hope and a vote for the American fashion industry.
She paired the embellished ensemble with green gloves from J. Crew and green shoes.
President Barack Obama wore a red tie and white shirt with his suit, topped with an overcoat adorned with an American flag pin.
Their daughters were style icons in their own right, with 10-year-old Malia in a double-breasted periwinkle-blue coat with a blue-ribbon bow at the waist, and Sasha, 7, in a pink coat with orange scarf and satin belt, a coral-colored dress peeking out at the hem. Their coats were from Crewcuts by J. Crew.
The fashion industry has anxiously looked to the election of Obama for months, embracing his wife as an emblem and ambassador of modern American style. She has won praise for her penchant for lesser-known designers and bold fashion choices, mixed with her unabashed love for mass fashion from mainstream American retailers.
"She is single-handedly breathing new life into designers like Narciso Rodriguez and Isabel Toledo, who have had a rocky past," said red-carpet and editorial stylist Mary Alice Stephenson.
"What's so powerful about Michelle Obama is we all see ourselves in her. She's a modern woman who is fashionable and even flamboyant in her style and she is still taken seriously," she said. "She's wearing that dress today for all of us. We're all wearing that dress with her. The dress is elegant, appropriate and has the individual style stamp of Michelle Obama and is timely for a woman in her 40s and she wears embellishment during the day. Hallelujah!"
Nicole Phelps, executive editor of Style.com, notes that Michelle Obama has found an elegant silhouette that works for her: the narrow sheath dress and complementary coat.
The inaugural outfit is a "classic choice rather conservative compared to some of the things she's worn so far," Phelps said, but she still gives her fashion wink with her gloves and colored pumps. The gold, she adds, captures the glistening sun.
"This choice sends a great message to the fashion community. She could have gone with someone more obvious, like Ralph Lauren, but this sends a message to the American designers who are struggling. ... It also says that just because she's in the White House, she'll support the under-the-radar designers she wore on the way to the White House," Phelps said.
Designer Toledo, who just a few years ago unsuccessfully tried to infuse more modern style into the venerable Anne Klein label, is considered among the more avant garde U.S. designers.
Michelle Obama has been noted for choosing unexpected fashion designers, including Narciso Rodriguez, Zero   Maria Cornejo and Chicago designer Maria Pinto. For the "Kids Inaugural" concert on Monday, Michelle Obama wore a J.Crew ensemble, including a metallic lace top, aqua-colored pencil skirt and cardigan.
The Obama' look Tuesday contrasted with that of the outgoing Bushes, with Laura Bush in a dove-gray skirt suit and matching coat.
On the podium with the Obamas, Vice President Joe Biden wore a bright blue tie, while his wife, Jill Biden, had on a bright red coat and high black leather boots.
Also catching style-watchers' eyes: Aretha Franklin singing to the immense crowd gathered at the Capitol in an over-the-top hat with an oversized bow and beading.
More:
Question:
Who designed the yellow sheath dress with matching coat worn by Michelle Obama at Barack Obama's inauguration in 2009?
Answer:
Isabel toledo
Passage:
Only person ever to win an Oscar and Nobel prize-Apnaahangout
Only person ever to win an Oscar and Nobel prize-Apnaahangout
Only person ever to win an Oscar and Nobel prize
Only person ever to win an Oscar and Nobel prize
Arun Kallarackal Last updated on:  August 26, 2013 Tips and Facts No Comments
Oscar is the holy grail of cinema world and Nobel prize is an ultimate achievement for any individual who makes notable contributions in the fields of medicine, chemistry, literature, peace, physics.
 
Double delight!
Both are highly valued and respected. Has any individual won an Oscar and Nobel? The answer is yes.
 George Bernard Shaw, an Irish playwright won Nobel Prize for literature in 1925. Later, he went on to win an Oscar for Best Screenplay for the film Pygmalion. Thus he became the one and only person ever to win the Oscar and Nobel Prize both.
Related Posts
Question:
Who was the first person to win both an Oscar and a Nobel Prize?
Answer:
G. B. Shaw
Passage:
Thomas Chippendale
Thomas Chippendale (probably born at Otley, West Riding of Yorkshire, baptised at Otley  – November 1779)  was a London cabinet-maker and furniture designer in the mid-Georgian, English Rocco, and Neoclassical styles. In 1754 he published a book of his designs, titled The Gentleman and Cabinet Maker's Director. The designs are regarded as reflecting the current London fashion for furniture for that period  and were used by other cabinet makers outside London.

Life

Chippendale was the only child of John Chippendale (1690–1768), joiner, and his first wife Mary (née Drake)
(1693–1729). He received an elementary education at Prince Henry's Grammar School. The Chippendale family had long been in the wood working trades and so he probably received his basic training from his father, though it is believed that he was also trained by Richard Wood in York, before he moved to London.  Wood later ordered eight copies of the Director. On 19 May 1748 he married Catherine Redshaw at St George's Chapel, Mayfair and they had five boys and four girls.

In 1749 Chippendale rented a modest house in Conduit Court, near Covent Garden. In 1752 he moved to Somerset Court, off the Strand. In 1754 Chippendale moved to 60–62 St. Martin's Lane in London, where for the next 60 years the family business operated until 1813 when his son, Thomas Chippendale (Junior), was evicted for bankruptcy. In 1754 he also went into partnership with James Rannie, a wealthy Scottish merchant, who put money into the business at the same time as Chippendale brought out the first edition of the Director. Rannie and his bookkeeper, Thomas Haig, probably looked after the finances of the business. His wife, Catherine, died in 1772. After James Rannie died in 1766, Thomas Haig seems to have borrowed £2,000 from Rannie's widow, which he used to become Chippendale's partner. One of Rannie's executors, Henry Ferguson, became a third partner and so the business became Chippendale, Haig and Co. Thomas Chippendale (Junior) took over the business in 1776 allowing his father to retire. He moved to what was then called Lob's Fields (now known as Derry Street) in Kensington. Chippendale married Elizabeth Davis at Fulham Parish Church on 5 August 1777. He fathered three more children. In 1779 Chippendale moved to Hoxton where he died of tuberculosis and was buried at St Martin-in-the-Fields on 16 November 1779.

There is a statue and memorial plaque dedicated to Chippendale outside The Old Grammar School Gallery in Manor Square, in his home town of Otley, near Leeds, Yorkshire. There is a full-size sculpted figure of Thomas Chippendale on the façade of the Victoria and Albert Museum, London.

Work

After working as a journeyman cabinet maker in London, in 1754, he became the first cabinet-maker to publish a book of his designs, titled The Gentleman and Cabinet Maker's Director. Three editions were published, the first in 1754, followed by a virtual reprint in 1755, and finally a revised and enlarged edition in 1762, by which time Chippendale's illustrated designs began to show signs of Neoclassicism.
Notable works 

Chippendale was much more than just a cabinet maker, he was an interior designer who advised on other aspects of decor such as soft furnishings and even the colour a room should be painted.  At the peak of its success the firm could act like a modern interior designer working with other specialists and undertake the supply of fully decorated and furnished rooms or whole houses, once the principal construction was done. Chippendale often took on large-scale commissions from aristocratic clients. Twenty-six of these commissions have been identified.  Here furniture by Chippendale can still be identified, The locations include:
* Blair Castle, Perthshire, for the Duke of Atholl (1758);
* Wilton House, for Henry, 10th Earl of Pembroke (c 1759–1773);
* Nostell Priory, Yorkshire, for Sir Roland Winn, Bt (1766–85);
* Mersham Le Hatch, Kent, for Sir Edward Knatchbull, Bt (1767–79);
* David Garrick both in town and at his villa at Hampton, Middlesex;
* Normanton Hall, Rutland and other houses for Sir Gilbert Heathcote Bt (1768–78) that included the management of a funeral for Lady Bridget Heathcote, 1772;
* Harewood House, Yorkshire, for Edwin Lascelles (1767–78);
* Newby Hall, Yorkshire, for William Weddell (c 1772–76);
* Temple Newsam, Yorkshire, for Lord Irwin (1774);
* Paxton House, Berwickshire, Scotland, for Ninian Home (1774–91);
* Burton Constable Hall, Yorkshire for William Constable (1768–79);
* Petworth House, Sussex and other houses for George Wyndham, 3rd Earl of Egremont (1777–79).
* Dumfries House, Ayrshire, Scotland, for the 5th Earl of Dumfries.

Chippendale collaborated in furnishing interiors designed by Robert Adam and at Brocket Hall, Hertfordshire, and Melbourne House, London, for Lord Melbourne, with Sir William Chambers (c. 1772–75).
Collaborations 

Chippendale's Director was used by many other cabinet makers. Consequently, recognisably "Chippendale" furniture was produced in Dublin, Philadelphia, Lisbon, Copenhagen and Hamburg. Catherine the Great and Louis XVI both possessed copies of the Director in its French edition.  The Director shows four main styles: English with deep carving, elaborate French rococo in the style of Louis XV furniture, Chinese style with latticework and lacquer, and Gothic with pointed arches, quatrefoils and fret-worked legs. His favourite wood was mahogany; in seat furniture he always used solid wood rather than veneers.
Thomas Chippendale Jnr

The workshop was continued by his son, Thomas Chippendale, the younger (1749–1822), who worked in the later Neoclassical and Regency styles, "the rather slick delicacy of Adam's final phase", as Christopher Gilbert assessed it.  A bankruptcy and sale of remaining stock in the St. Martin's Lane premises in 1804 did not conclude the firm's latest phase, as the younger Chippendale supplied furniture to Sir Richard Colt Hoare at Stourhead until 1820 (Edwards and Jourdain 1955: 88).

Resurgence 

Chippendale's designs became very popular again during the middle to late 19th century, leading to widespread adoption of his name in revivals of his style. Many of these later designs that attach his name bear little relationship to his original concepts.
Question:
What was Thomas Chippendale famous for making?
Answer:
Furniture industry
Passage:
Hazard (golf)
A hazard is an area of a golf course in the sport of golf which provides a difficult obstacle, which may be of two types: (1) water hazards such as lakes and rivers; and (2) man-made hazards such as bunkers. Special rules apply to playing balls that fall in a hazard. For example, a player may not touch the ground with his club before playing a ball, not even for a practice swing. A ball in any hazard may be played as it lies without penalty. If it cannot be played from the hazard, the ball may be hit from another location, generally with a penalty of one stroke. The Rules of Golf govern exactly from where the ball may be played outside a hazard. Bunkers (or sand traps) are shallow pits filled with sand and generally incorporating a raised lip or barrier, from which the ball is more difficult to play than from grass. 

Bunker

A bunker is a depression near the green or fairway that is usually filled with sand. It is difficult to hit the ball out of the bunker and entering it is therefore considered punitive to a golfer who misses the target with the previous shot. A club called a "sand wedge" is designed for extracting the ball from a bunker, a process requiring well-developed skill. After a player is done using the bunker, it is the job of either the player or that player's caddy to rake the area of the sand disturbed during play. Specific rules of golf govern play from a bunker. For example, a player may not ground one's club in a bunker; that is, the club cannot touch the ground prior to the swing.

Types of Bunkers

There are three types of bunkers used in golf course architecture and all are designed to be impediments to the golfer's progress toward the green. Fairway bunkers are designed primarily to gather up wayward tee shots on par 4 and par 5 holes; they are located to the sides of the fairway or even in the middle of the fairway. Greenside bunkers are designed to collect wayward approach shots on long holes and tee shots on par 3 holes; they are located near and around the green. Waste bunkers are natural sandy areas, usually very large and often found on links courses; they are not considered hazards according to the rules of golf, and so, unlike in fairway or greenside bunkers, golfers are permitted to ground a club lightly in, or remove loose impediments from, the area around the ball. 

Water hazard

Water hazards, like bunkers, are natural obstacles designed to add both beauty and difficulty to a golf course. Water hazards are typically either streams or ponds, situated between the teeing ground and the hole.

Types of water hazards

Two types of water hazards exist: "lateral" water hazards (marked with red stakes around the perimeter of the hazard) and water hazards (marked with yellow stakes).  Lateral hazards are usually adjacent to the fairway being played (along the side), while water hazards generally cross the fairway being played forcing the player to hit over the water hazard.
Question:
Bunker, Birdie and Fore are all terms used in which sport?
Answer:
Scramble (golf)
Passage:
The evacuation of Tristan da Cunha | History Today
The evacuation of Tristan da Cunha | History Today
The evacuation of Tristan da Cunha
Email
The 264 inhabitants of the island of Tristan da Cunha were evacuated to Cape Town on October 10th, 1961.
In 1506 a Portuguese sea-captain called Tristao da Cunha came across a group of six little islands far out in the Atlantic between South Africa and South America. The largest of them, which he named after himself, has a volcano in the middle. The British annexed the islands in 1816 and a population slowly formed from members of a temporary British garrison, shipwrecked sailors and other Europeans, as well as women from other islands. By 1886 there were 97 inhabitants, clustered at the settlement of Edinburgh on Tristan da Cunha.
From August 1961 there were signs that the Tristan volcano was restless. There were earth tremors and in the following months a large fissure opened in the ground behind the island’s lighthouse and a mound formed that gave off a powerful smell of sulphur and grew steadily larger. The island’s 264 people moved to the uninhabited Nightingale Island for an uncomfortable night before a Dutch liner, the Tjisadane, that happened to arrive the next day, took them away to Cape Town. HMS Leonard arrived from the Cape on October 13th to find that red-hot lava and smoke were pouring out of the mound, which was 250ft (80m) high. The crew collected as many of the islanders’ belongings as they could before sailing back to South Africa, but all the farm animals and domestic pets had to be left behind.
The islanders were soon taken on to England in a mail ship, the Stirling Castle. After a brief spell in wooden huts in Surrey, they were housed at a former RAF camp at Calshot, near Southampton, where they suffered unhappily through an unusually cold English winter. A Royal Society expedition in 1962 found that, although the Tristan crawfish cannery was no more and the islanders’ dogs had taken a heavy toll on the sheep, conditions seemed not impossible. An advance party returned to Tristan in April 1963 and in November some 200 people, including four Tristan girls who had meantime married Englishmen, returned to their island.
Question:
Which Island's volcano erupted in 1961 and necessitated the population to be evacuated
Answer:
Tristan Islanders
