Passage:
Connective tissue
Connective tissue (CT) is one of the four types of biological tissue that support, connect, or separate different types of tissues and organs in the body. It develops from the mesoderm. The other three types are epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue. Connective tissue is found in between other tissues everywhere in the body, including the nervous system. In the central nervous system, the three outer membranes (the meninges) that envelop the brain and  spinal cord are composed of connective tissue.

All connective tissue apart from blood and lymph consists of three main components: fibers (elastic and collagenous fibers),  ground substance and cells. (Not all authorities include blood  or lymph as connective tissue.) Blood and lymph lack the fiber component. All are immersed in the body water.

The cells of connective tissue include fibroblasts, adipocytes, macrophages, mast cells and leucocytes.

Structure

Connective tissue can be broadly subdivided into connective tissue proper, and special connective tissue.  Connective tissue proper consists of loose connective tissue and dense connective tissue (which is further subdivided into dense regular and dense irregular connective tissues.)  Special connective tissue consists of reticular connective tissue, adipose tissue, cartilage, bone, and blood.  Other kinds of connective tissues include fibrous, elastic, and lymphoid connective tissues.  New vascularised connective tissue that forms in the process of wound healing is termed granulation tissue. 
Fibroblasts are the cells responsible for the production of some CT.

Type I collagen, is present in many forms of connective tissue, and makes up about 25% of the total protein content of the mammalian body. 

Characteristics

Characteristics of CT:
* Cells are spread through an extracellular fluid. 
* Ground substance - A clear, colorless, and viscous fluid containing glycosaminoglycans and proteoglycans to fix the body water and the collagen fibers in the intercellular spaces. Ground substance slows the spread of pathogens.
* Fibers. Not all types of CT are fibrous. Examples of non-fibrous CT include adipose tissue and blood. Adipose tissue gives "mechanical cushioning" to the body, among other functions.   Although there is no dense collagen network in adipose tissue, groups of adipose cells are kept together by collagen fibers and collagen sheets in order to keep fat tissue under compression in place (for example, the sole of the foot). The matrix of blood is plasma. 
* Both the ground substance and proteins (fibers) create the matrix for CT.

Function

Connective tissue has a wide variety of functions that depend on the types of cells and the different classes of fibers involved. Loose and dense irregular connective tissue, formed mainly by fibroblasts and collagen fibers, have an important role in providing a medium for oxygen and nutrients to diffuse from capillaries to cells, and carbon dioxide and waste substances to diffuse from cells back into circulation. They also allow organs to resist stretching and tearing forces. Dense regular connective tissue, which forms organized structures, is a major functional component of tendons, ligaments and aponeuroses, and is also found in highly specialized organs such as the cornea. Elastic fibers, made from elastin and fibrillin, also provide resistance to stretch forces. They are found in the walls of large blood vessels and in certain ligaments, particularly in the ligamenta flava.

In hematopoietic and lymphatic tissues, reticular fibers made by reticular cells provide the stroma—or structural support—for the parenchyma—or functional part—of the organ.

Mesenchyme is a type of connective tissue found in developing organs of embryos that is capable of differentiation into all types of mature connective tissue. Another type of relatively undifferentiated connective tissue is mucous connective tissue, found inside the umbilical cord.

Various type of specialized tissues and cells are classified under the spectrum of connective tissue, and are as diverse as brown and white adipose tissue, blood, cartilage and bone. Cells of the immune system, such as macrophages, mast cells, plasma cells and eosinophils are found scattered in loose connective tissue, providing the ground for starting inflammatory and immune responses upon the detection of antigens.

Clinical significance

It is estimated that 1 in 10 people have a connective tissue disorder.  Diseases of connective tissue include:

*Connective tissue neoplasms including sarcomas such as hemangiopericytoma and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in nervous tissue.
*Congenital diseases include Marfan syndrome and Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
*Myxomatous degeneration – a pathological weakening of connective tissue.
*Mixed connective tissue disease – a disease of the autoimmune system, also undifferentiated connective tissue disease.
*Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) – a major autoimmune disease of connective tissue
*Scurvy, caused by a deficiency of vitamin C which is necessary for the synthesis of collagen.

Staining of connective tissue

For microscopic viewing, most of the connective tissue staining-techniques, color tissue fibers in contrasting shades. Collagen may be differentially stained by any of the following:

* Van Gieson's stain
* Masson's trichrome stain
* Mallory's trichrome stain
* Aniline blue stain
* Eosin
* Reticulin stain
Question:
What is name of the fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones?
Answer:
Ligamentum
Passage:
Boris Gromov
Boris Vsevolodovich Gromov (; born 7 November 1943 in Saratov, Russia) is a prominent Russian military and political figure. From 2000 to 2012, he was the Governor of Moscow Oblast.

Biography

He graduated from a Suvorov military cadet school, the Leningrad Military Commanders School and later from the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow, as well as the General Staff Academy.

During the Soviet war in Afghanistan, Gromov did three tours of duty (1980–1982, 1985–1986, 1987–1989), and was best known for the two years as the last Commander of the 40th Army in Afghanistan. Gromov was the last Soviet soldier to leave Afghanistan, crossing on foot the Friendship Bridge spanning the Amu-Daria river on 15 February 1989, the day the Soviet pullout from Afghanistan was completed. He received the highest military award – the golden star of the Hero of the Soviet Union after Operation Magistral had lifted the siege of the city of Khost in eastern Afghanistan.

After the Afghan war, he was chosen as a candidate for Vice President by the Communist Party in the Russian presidential election of 1991 (the candidate for President was former Premier Nikolai Ryzhkov). He served as First Deputy Defence Minister of the Russian Federation. In 1994 Gromov retired from the Russian Military Forces, and was soon appointed deputy Interior Minister. He was elected in 1995 to the State Duma, lower house of Russian parliament. In January 2000 he was elected governor of the Moscow region and re-elected in December 2003.

Honours and awards

* Order of Merit for the Fatherland;
**2nd class (6 November 2003) - for outstanding contribution to strengthening Russian statehood, and socio-economic development of the region
**3rd class
**4th class (7 November 2008) - for outstanding contribution to the socio-economic development of the Moscow region and many years of fruitful work
* Order of Lenin
* Order of the Red Banner, twice
* Order of the Red Star
* Order for Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR, 3rd class
* Medal for Combat Service
* Hero of the Soviet Union
* Medal "For merits in perpetuating the memory of the fallen defenders of the Fatherland" (Russian Ministry of Defence, 2008) - for his great personal contribution to the commemoration of the fallen defenders of the Fatherland, the establishment of names of the dead and the fate of missing servicemen, displaying high moral and business qualities, diligence and intelligent initiative, to assist in the task of perpetuating the memory of the fallen defenders of the Fatherland
* Medal "For Impeccable Service" 1st, 2nd and 3rd classes
* Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 5th class (Ukraine, 7 November 2003)
* Medal "10 Years of the Armed Forces of Ukraine"
* Order of Friendship of Peoples (Belarus) (22 November 2005) - for his significant contribution to the development of economic, scientific-technological and cultural ties between Belarus and Moscow Oblast of the Russian Federation
* Medal "In memory of the 10th anniversary of the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Afghanistan" (Belarus, 13 February 2003) - for his great personal contribution to the development and strengthening of cooperation between movements of Afghan War Veterans of the Republic of Belarus and the Russian Federation [56] [57]
* Medal "Fidelity" (Afghanistan, 17 November 1988)
* Order of St. Prince Vladimir Equal, 1st class (Russian Orthodox Church, 2008) - in consideration of special services for the Moscow diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church and the 65th anniversary of the birth
* Order of the Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow, 1st class
* Order of St. Sergius
* Order of Saint Blessed Grand Prince Dmitry Donskoy, 1st class
* Jubilee Medal "In Commemoration of the 100th Anniversary since the Birth of Vladimir Il'ich Lenin"
* Jubilee Medal "Twenty Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945"
* Jubilee Medal "50 Years of the Armed Forces of the USSR"
* Jubilee Medal "60 Years of the Armed Forces of the USSR"
* Jubilee Medal "70 Years of the Armed Forces of the USSR"
* Order of the Red Banner (Afghanistan)
Question:
General Boris Gromov was the last Soviet soldier to leave where in 1989?
Answer:
Afghanistan
Passage:
Brontosaurus (song)
"Brontosaurus" is a song by rock group The Move.

Release

Released as a single early in 1970, it was also included on the band's Looking On album later that year. With its aggressive guitar riff and growling vocal, the song marked a major shift in sound compared to their previous, more pop-orientated single "Curly", presumably Roy Wood's attempt to put some distance between the band and former vocalist Carl Wayne, whose "Middle of the road" leanings caused disagreements with the other members. This song was the first Move recording made after former Idle Race front man Jeff Lynne had joined, and he contributed guitar and piano.  Lynne had been recruited into the group with the main aim of developing the embryonic Electric Light Orchestra, though they were contractually required to keep The Move (with their proven track record as a hit singles outfit) functioning in order to help finance the new project.

When The Move promoted it on Top of the Pops on BBC TV, Wood - who had never appeared on television as the group's frontman before - appeared in the makeup that he would later develop two years later as the leader of Wizzard. 

Cover Versions

Tim Curry, of The Rocky Horror Picture Show fame, recorded a version of this in 1978 on his first solo album, Read My Lips.
Question:
Which British pop group had a hit with 'Brontosaurus'?
Answer:
M.o.v.e.
Passage:
The dogs of war (phrase)
In English, the dogs of war is a phrase from Act 3, Scene 1, line 273 of William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar: "Cry 'Havoc!', and let slip the dogs of war".

In a literal reading, "dogs" are the familiar animals, trained for warfare; "havoc" is a military order permitting the seizure of spoil after a victory and "let slip" is to release from the leash.   Shakespeare's source for Julius Caesar was The Life of Marcus Brutus from Plutarch's Lives, and the concept of the war dog appears in that work, in the section devoted to the Greek warrior Aratus.  

Apart from the literal meaning, a parallel can be drawn with the prologue to Henry V, where the warlike king is described as having at his heels, awaiting employment, the hounds "famine, sword and fire". 

Along those lines, an alternative proposed meaning is that "the dogs of war" refers figuratively to the wild pack of soldiers "let slip" by war's breakdown of civilized behavior and/or their commanders' orders to wreak "havoc", i.e., rape, pillage, and plunder.  

Yet another reading interprets "dog" in its mechanical sense ("any of various usually simple mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening that consist of a spike, bar, or hook").  The "dogs" are "let slip" – referring to the act of releasing. Thus, the "dogs of war" are the political and societal restraints against war that operate during times of peace.

Victor Hugo used "dogs of war" as a simile for cannon fire in chapter XIV of Les Misérables:

In modern English usage "dogs of war" is used to describe mercenaries.

The phrase has entered so far into general usage - in books, music, film and television - that it is now regarded as a cliché.
Question:
What medieval war cry, popularised by Shakespeare with the phrase 'dogs of war', means destruction?
Answer:
Havok
Passage:
Is Nibiru Approaching? - About.com Entertainment
Is Nibiru Approaching?
Is Nibiru Approaching?
Sign Up for Our Free Newsletters
Thanks, You're in!
There was an error. Please try again.
Please select a newsletter.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?
Photo: Diane Macdonald / Photographer's Choice / Getty Images
Updated August 31, 2016.
Also known as The Twelfth Planet or Planet X, some are warning that the wandering body of Nibiru is quickly nearing the Earth -- and could cause global devastation. Should you worry?
In 1976, the late Zecharia Sitchin stirred up a great deal of controversy with the publication of his book, The Twelfth Planet. In this and subsequent books, Sitchin presented his literal translations of ancient Sumerian texts which told an incredible story about the origins of humankind on planet Earth - a story far different and much more fantastic than what we all learned in school.
The ancient cuneiform texts -- some of the earliest known writing, dating back some 6,000 years -- told the story of a race of beings called the Anunnaki. The Anunnaki came to Earth from a planet in our solar system called Nibiru, according to the Sumerians via Sitchin. If you've never heard of it, that's because mainstream science does not recognize Nibiru as one of the planets that revolves around our Sun.
continue reading below our video
5 Classic Novels Everyone Should Read
Yet it is there, claims Sitchin, and its presence holds great importance not only for humankind's past, but our future as well.
Nibiru's orbit around the Sun is highly elliptical, according to Sitchin's books, taking it out beyond the orbit of Pluto at its farthest point and bringing it as close to the Sun as the far side of the asteroid belt (a ring of asteroids that is known to occupy a band of space between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter). It takes Nibiru 3,600 years to complete one orbital journey, and it was last in this vicinity around 160 B.C.E. As you can imagine, the gravitational effects of a sizable planet moving close to the inner solar system, as it is claimed for Nibiru, could wreak havoc on the orbits of other planets, disrupt the asteroid belt and spell big trouble for planet Earth.
Well, prepare for yet another possible apocalypse because, they say, Nibiru is once again heading this way - and will be here soon.
A BIT OF HISTORY
The story of the Anunnaki is told in Sitchin's many books and is digested, augmented and speculated about in dozens of websites . But the tale is essentially this: About 450,000 years ago, Alalu, the deposed ruler of the Anunnaki on Nibiru, escaped the planet on a spaceship and found refuge on Earth.
He discovered that Earth had plenty of gold, which Nibiru needed to protect its diminishing atmosphere. They began to mine Earth's gold, and there were a lot of political battles among the Anunnaki for power.
Then around 300,000 years or so ago, the Anunnaki decided to create a race of workers by genetically manipulating the primates on the planet. The result was homo sapiens -- us. Eventually, rulership of the Earth was handed over to humans and the Anunnaki left, at least for the time being. Sitchin ties all this - and much more - into the stories of the first books of the Bible and the histories of other ancient cultures, especially Egyptian.
It's an astonishing story, to say the least. Most historians, anthropologists and archeologists consider it all Sumerian myth, of course. But Sitchin's work has created a diehard cadre of believers and researchers who take the story at face value. And some of them, whose ideas are getting widespread attention thanks to the Internet, contend that the return of Nibiru is close at hand!
Question:
Which has been known as the ‘Horned Planet’?
Answer:
Sol 2
Passage:
Guitarist
A guitarist (or a guitar player) is a person who plays the guitar. Guitarists may play a variety of guitar family instruments such as classical guitars, acoustic guitars, electric guitars, and bass guitars. Some guitarists accompany themselves on the guitar by singing or playing the harmonica.

Techniques

The guitarist may employ any of several methods for playing the guitar, depending on the type of strings used (either nylon or steel), and including strumming with the fingers or a guitar pick, melodic flatpicking, and finger-picking.

Art

While music is an art form in itself, playing an instrument such as the guitar has long been a popular subject for painters. One of the more famous examples is the painting Degas's Father Listening to Lorenzo Pagans Playing the Guitar by Edgar Degas, which was painted sometime between 1869–72 and is currently owned by the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. 

Notable guitarists

Despite perceived tendencies in mainstream music diffusion, to Rock music and electric guitar, notable guitarists arrived from other genres and different variations of the guitar instrument.

Rock , Heavy metal and jazz

Several magazines and websites have compiled what they intend as lists of the greatest guitarists—for example The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time by Rolling Stone magazine, or 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time by Guitar World magazine.

;Rolling Stone: In 2003, Rolling Stone magazine published a list called The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. This list included 100 guitarists whom the magazine editor David Fricke considered the best, with a brief introduction for each of them.  The first in this list is the American guitarist Jimi Hendrix introduced by Pete Townshend, guitarist for The Who, who was, in his turn, ranked at #50 in the list.

In describing the list to readers, Paul MacInnes from British newspaper The Guardian wrote, "Surprisingly enough for an American magazine, the top 10 is fair jam-packed with Yanks," though he also noted three exceptions in the top 10.  The online magazine Blogcritics criticized the list for introducing some  allegedly undeserving guitarists while forgetting some artists the writer considered perhaps more worthy, such as Johnny Marr, Phil Keaggy or John Petrucci. 

In 2011, Rolling Stone updated the list, which this time was chosen by a panel of guitarists and other experts with the top 5 consisting of Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, Keith Richards and Jeff Beck. Artists who had not been included in the previous list were added. Rory Gallagher, for example, was ranked in 57th place.   
The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time is mentioned in many biographies about artists who appear in the list.   

;Guitar World: Guitar World, a monthly music magazine devoted to the guitar, also published their list of 100 greatest guitarists in the book Guitar World Presents the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time from the Pages of Guitar World Magazine.  Different from the Rolling Stone list, which listed guitarists in descending order, Guitar World divided guitarists by music genre—such as "Lords of Hard Rock" for hard rock artists or "Jazzmen" for jazz players. Despite the appearance in other magazines like Billboard,  this publication by Guitar World was criticized for including no female musicians within its selection.  However, Guitar World recently published a list of "Eight Amazing Female Acoustic Players," including Kaki King, Muriel Anderson and Sharon Isbin. 

;TIME and others: Following the death of Les Paul, TIME website presented their list of 10 greatest artists in electric guitar. As in Rolling Stone magazine's list, Jimi Hendrix was chosen as the greatest guitarist followed by Slash from Guns 'N' Roses, B.B. King, Keith Richards,  Jimmy Page,and Eric Clapton.  Gigwise.com, an online music magazine, also ranks Jimi Hendrix as the greatest guitarist ever, followed by Jimmy Page, B.B. King, Keith Richards and Kirk Hammett. 

Other genres

There are many classical guitarists listed as notable in their respective epochs.

In recent decades, the most "notable classical and cross genre" guitarist was Paco de Lucía, one of the first flamenco guitarists to have successfully crossed over into other genres of music such as classical and jazz. Richard Chapman and Eric Clapton, authors of Guitar: Music, History, Players, describe de Lucía as a "titanic figure in the world of flamenco guitar",  and Dennis Koster, author of Guitar Atlas, Flamenco, has referred to de Lucía as "one of history's greatest guitarists.".
Question:
Name the famous guitarist whose collaboration with the Gibson company produced their first and eponymous solid electric guitar in 1952?
Answer:
Les Paul
Passage:
Malcolm Cooper
Malcolm Douglas Cooper, MBE, (20 December 1947 – 9 June 2001) was a British sport shooter and founder of Accuracy International. , he is the only shooter to win two consecutive gold medals in the Olympic 50 metre rifle three positions event.

Cooper was born in 1947 in Camberley and learned to shoot small bore rifles whilst attending Westlake Boys High School in New Zealand, where his father was stationed with the Royal Navy: he subsequently attended the Royal Hospital School. He started shooting competitively in 1970. In 1978 he established his own rifle making company Accuracy International. He won gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul (both in the three positions event).  In 1986 he was also world champion in 300 m Standard Rifle, a non-Olympic rifle discipline in which he claimed several European and World titles, as well as holding the World record for a period.

Cooper died in June 2001 after an eight-month battle with cancer. He died at his home in Eastergate, West Sussex.
Question:
In which sport did Malcolm Cooper win Gold medals for Great Britain at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics?
Answer:
The Shooting
Passage:
St George's Channel
St George's Channel (,  ) is a sea channel connecting the Irish Sea to the north and the Celtic Sea to the southwest. 

Historically, the name "St George's Channel" was used interchangeably with "Irish Sea" or "Irish Channel" to encompass all the waters between Ireland to the west and Great Britain to the east.   Later it was restricted to the portion separating Wales from Leinster, sometimes extending south to the waters between the West Country of England and East Munster; the latter have since the 1970s come to be called the Celtic Sea. In Ireland "St George's Channel" is now usually taken to refer only to the narrowest part of the channel, between Carnsore Point in Wexford and St David's Head in Pembrokeshire. However, it remains common in Ireland to talk about a cross-channel trip, cross-channel soccer, etc., where "cross-channel" means "to/from Great Britain". 

The current (third, 1953) edition of the International Hydrographic Organization's publication Limits of Oceans and Seas defines the southern limit of "Irish Sea and St. George's Channel" as "A line joining St. David's Head () to Carnsore Point ()"; it does not define the two waterbodies separately.  The 2002 draft fourth edition omits the "and St. George's Channel" part of the label. 

A 2004 letter from the St.George's Channel Shipping Company to Seascapes, an RTÉ Radio programme, said that St George's Channel bordered the Irish coast between Howth Head and Kilmore Quay, and criticised contributors to the programme who had used "Irish Sea" for these waters. 

The name "St George's Channel" is recorded in 1578  in Martin Frobisher's record of his second voyage. It is said to derive from a legend that Saint George had voyaged to Roman Britain from the Byzantine Empire, approaching Britain via the channel that bears his name.  The name was popularised by English settlers in Ireland after the Plantations.
Question:
St George's Channel separates mainland Britain from where?
Answer:
Irlanda
Passage:
Costa Coffee
Costa Coffee is a British multinational coffeehouse company headquartered in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Whitbread. It is the second largest coffeehouse chain in the world behind Starbucks and the largest in Britain. 

Costa Coffee was founded in London in 1971 by the Costa family as a wholesale operation supplying roasted coffee to caterers and specialist Italian coffee shops. Acquired by Whitbread in 1995, it has since grown to over 3,277 stores across 31 countries. The business has 2,000 UK restaurants, over 5,200 Costa Express vending facilities and a further 1,200 outlets overseas (including 383 in China).

History

Italian Immigrant brothers Bruno and Sergio Costa founded a coffee roastery in Lambeth, London, in 1971, supplying local caterers. The family had moved to England in the 1960s.    Costa branched out to selling coffee in 1978, when its first store opened in Vauxhall Bridge Road, London.

In 1985, Sergio bought out Bruno's share of the company. Bruno went on to found a tableware company.  By 1995, the chain already had 41 stores in UK.  In 1995, the business was acquired by Whitbread, UK's largest hotel and coffee shop operator, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary. In 2009, Costa celebrated the opening of its 1,000th store - in Cardiff. In December 2009, Costa Coffee agreed to acquire Coffee Heaven for £36 million, adding 79 stores in central and eastern Europe. 

Operations

Locations

Costa Coffee operates 1,000 outlets in the United Kingdom as of May 2016. Internationally, it operates 1,200 stores throughout the world in 31 countries)  The first Costa store outside the UK opened in Dubai in 1999 

As well as high street locations, Costa Coffee outlets can be found in airports and within Waterstone's bookstores, WHSmith, Homebase branches, larger Next stores, Marriott Hotels, Odeon Cinemas, some Premier Inn Hotels, Waitrose, Debenhams and Tesco stores, Pizza Hut branches, Beefeater pubs, Moto and RoadChef motorway services and in some hospitals and the Manchester Primark.  Smaller sub-units are also set up in railway stations and airports throughout the UK. Many of Costa Coffee's branches located in airports, cinemas and hospitals are either individual or corporate franchises. Costa Coffee also has small outlets positioned on out-of-town business parks, often among other food retailers, and on-site at various businesses.

Costa Coffee currently has branches in many countries. 

Costa Express

Following Whitbread's £59.5m acquisition of Coffee Nation, a chain of coffee machines, the machines were re-branded as Costa Express.  The company plans to expand to target hospitals, universities and transport interchanges.  These coffee bars will use the same coffee beans as used in Costa stores and will use fresh milk.  On February 29, 2016 Costa announced a partnership with Shell Canada to distribute 150 Costa Express machines throughout its Canadian petrol stations. 

Coffee production

Costa Coffee has its own roastery. The blend served in retail stores is their own "Mocha Italia"; it contains a blend of arabica (70%) and robusta (30%).

Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who had his tongue insured for £10m with Lloyd's of London in 2009.  

Costa Coffee Club

Costa Coffee has its own loyalty scheme that is called the Costa Coffee Club. Using a Loyalty card or an app for Android phones or iPhones, members may gain points which allows them to get free coffee and other goods. Points are added whenever a purchase is made, and the card or app is presented and swiped or scanned.

Costa Book Awards

Costa Coffee has been the sponsor of the Costa Book Awards (formerly the Whitbread Book Awards) since 2006.
Question:
Costa Coffee and Premier Inn are owned by which company?
Answer:
Whitbread
Passage:
B. Bumble and the Stingers
B. Bumble and the Stingers were an American instrumental ensemble in the early 1960s, who specialized in making rock and roll arrangements of classical melodies. Their biggest hits were "Bumble Boogie" and "Nut Rocker", which reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in 1962.  The recordings were made by session musicians at Rendezvous Records in Los Angeles, but when they became successful a touring group was formed led by R. C. Gamble (3 November 1941 – 2 August 2008)[http://web.archive.org/web/20050608080324/http://www.swtimes.com/obituaries/ Obituary of R. C. Gamble] as "Billy Bumble".

Background

In 1959, Earl Palmer, René Hall and Plas Johnson, all African American musicians from Louisiana, were the house band at Rendezvous Records. According to Palmer, the three friends “always talked about how we could make some money and not leave the studio. One day I said, 'Let's do a rock version of "In the Mood"'.[http://www.rockabillyeurope.com/references/messages/b__bumble.htm B. Bumble And The Stingers]  The single, credited to the Ernie Fields Orchestra, became a hit, reaching # 4 on the US pop charts in early 1960.

"Bumble Boogie"

Hall then came up with the idea for B. Bumble and the Stingers, taking the same approach to a piece of classical music. Prompted by record producer Kim Fowley, he approached pianist Jack Fina, whose 1946 swing arrangement of Rimsky-Korsakov's "Flight of the Bumble Bee" for Freddy Martin and his Orchestra, called "Bumble Boogie" (RCA Victor 20-1829), had reached # 7 on the charts and been used in the 1948 Walt Disney animated film Melody Time. Using Fina's arrangement, Fowley recorded pianist Ernie Freeman on two tracks, one using a grand piano for the rhythm part, while the other featured a "tack piano", a modified upright piano with tacks attached to the hammers to create a tinny "honky tonk" sound. The other musicians on the session, at Gold Star Studios, were Palmer on drums, Red Callender on bass, and Tommy Tedesco on guitar.  

"Bumble Boogie" went to # 21 on the Billboard charts in June 1961. Because the session musicians all had other studio commitments, a teen band from Ada, Oklahoma, who had played no part in the recording itself, were recruited to handle promotion and public appearances.  Their names were given as Fred Richards, Don Orr, and "B. Bumble", a pseudonym for guitarist R. C. Gamble.[http://www.bsnpubs.com/class.html ] [http://www.epinions.com/content_4226261124 Epinions.Com - A Little Bit Of Big-Band, Boogie-Woogie, Classical, Jazz, Pop, R&B & Rock - Ernie Freeman]

"Nut Rocker"

Follow-up records "Boogie Woogie", with Freeman's tack piano double tracked, and "Caravan", were less successful, and Rendezvous seemed to lose interest in B. Bumble and the Stingers. Fowley then secured the copyright to an arrangement of Tchaikovsky's "March" from the Nutcracker Suite, and took this to local entrepreneur and pianist H. B. Barnum, who recorded it under the name "Jack B. Nimble and the Quicks" on the small Del Rio label. When Rod Pierce of Rendezvous heard it, he convinced Fowley that his label could do a better version with their own band. 

A recording date was quickly arranged, but on the day, Freeman did not appear. In his place, guitarist and arranger René Hall rushed pianist Al Hazan into the Rendezvous office, which was rigged up as an improvised studio.  According to Hazan, "Rod decided to record the first take while I was still trying to practice the piece with the other musicians. Because I was so rushed to learn 'Nut Rocker', I was not happy at all with my performance on that first take. However, in spite of my asking Rod to let me do it over again, he said he liked it just fine the way it was."[http://www.spectropop.com/NutRocker/ Nut Rocker] Released as "Nut Rocker" in February 1962, the record went to # 23 in the US and # 1 in the UK.  Del Rio struck a deal with Randy Wood of Dot Records and re-released what they were now calling "(The Original) Nut Rocker" by Jack B. Nimble and the Quicks, but it was not a hit.

Later releases and legacy

Such was "Nut Rocker"'s popularity in Britain that a touring group, with Hazan and R. C. Gamble, was flown over in October 1962 to promote the follow-up, "Apple Knocker", based on Rossini's William Tell Overture. However, neither that record nor the next release, "Dawn Cracker", based on "Morning Mood" from Peer Gynt by Grieg, were successful, and no more B. Bumble and the Stingers records were issued after 1963, when Rendezvous went out of business. Hall went on to work with Sam Cooke and many others, Palmer and Freeman became successful session musicians, Fowley moved on to new challenges as a producer and as svengali to the Runaways, and Hazan later recorded solo as Ali Hassan (on instrumentals) and Al Anthony (as a singer).

R. C. Gamble retired from music in 1965 and later became economics professor at Fort Hayes State College in Hayes, Kansas. He died in 2008.

A version of "Nut Rocker" was recorded in 1972 by Emerson, Lake & Palmer. The original version was reissued at the same time, and again made the UK charts (#19). The recording has been used as background in several movies, including Butcher Boy (1998), The Young Poisoner's Handbook (1995), and Big Momma's House (2000).
Question:
What was the title of the only UK number 1 hit single by B Bumble and the Stingers?
Answer:
Jack B. Nimble and the Quicks
Passage:
Evan Davis
Evan Harold Davis (born 8 April 1962 in Malvern, Worcestershire ) is an English economist, journalist, and presenter for the BBC.

In October 2001, Davis took over from Peter Jay as the BBC's economics editor. He left this post in April 2008 to become a presenter on BBC Radio 4's Today programme. He stood down after the 26 September 2014 edition of Today to become a main presenter on Newsnight, replacing Jeremy Paxman.

Davis is also the presenter for the BBC Two venture-capitalist programme Dragons' Den, as well as The Bottom Line, a business conversation show, also on BBC Radio 4.

Early life

Davis grew up in Ashtead, Surrey.  He attended Dorking County Grammar School, which in 1976 became The Ashcombe School, Dorking. Davis then gained a First in Philosophy, Politics and Economics at St John's College, Oxford from 1981 to 1984, before obtaining an MPA at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.  While at Oxford University, he edited Cherwell, the student newspaper.

Career

Early career

Davis began work as an economist at the Institute for Fiscal Studies, and while there he was briefly seconded to help officials work on early development of the Community Charge system of local government taxation (better known as the Poll Tax).  In 1988 he moved to the London Business School, writing articles for their publication Business Strategy Review. He returned to the Institute for Fiscal Studies in 1992, writing a paper on "Britain, Europe and the Square Mile" for the European Policy Forum which argued that British financial prosperity depended on being seen as a bridgehead to the European Union. 

In 1993, Davis joined the BBC as an economics correspondent. He worked as economics editor on BBC Two's Newsnight programme from 1997 to 2001. In the mid-1990s he was a member of the Social Market Foundation's Advisory Council; he is a member of the British-American Project for a Successor Generation.

BBC

As the BBC's economics editor, Davis was responsible for reporting and analysing economic developments on a range of programmes on BBC radio and television, particularly the Ten O'Clock News. He also had a role in shaping the extensive BBC coverage of economics across all the corporation's outputs, including online.

Davis also wrote a blog for the BBC website entitled Evanomics in which he "attempts to understand the real world, using the tool kit of economics". Subjects he discussed included road pricing, care for the elderly, Gordon Brown's Budget and how to choose wine.

Davis has won several awards including the Work Foundation's Broadcast Journalist of the Year award in 1998, 2001 and 2003, and the Harold Wincott Business Broadcaster of the Year award in 2002. In 2008, Davis was ranked first in the Independent on Sundays "pink list" of the hundred most influential gay and lesbian figures in British society. 

On 23 May 2005, Davis crossed picket lines during a day of industrial action by BBC staff over announced job cuts. Other notable broadcasters who turned up for work during the strike included Terry Wogan, Shelagh Fogarty and Declan Curry.  Davis was also noted for breaking a strike at the BBC, called by the National Union of Journalists, on 6 November 2010, when he arrived to present the Today Programme at 3:30am, along with fellow presenter Sarah Montague, not technically crossing a picket line as they arrived before it was formed.

In mid-2007, Davis was a guest presenter on the Today programme for two weeks. In April 2008, he stood down as BBC Economics Editor to join the Today programme as a full-time presenter replacing Carolyn Quinn.  In 2009, Davis said that one of the best things about presenting on the radio is that "you can look things up on Wikipedia while on air".

On top of his duties at Today, Davis also presents The Bottom Line, a weekly discussion programme on Radio 4 as well as  Dragons' Den on BBC Two.

In 2012, Davis presented Built in Britain which looked at the role of major infrastructure projects in the UK, including examining the impact of the M25 on the town of Ashtead in Surrey where he grew up.

In 2014, Davis presented a BBC Two series Mind the Gap: London vs the Rest in which he explored the economic forces in Britain and why the capital city is so dominant. 

On 21 July 2014, it was announced that Davis would replace Jeremy Paxman as presenter of Newsnight starting in Autumn 2014.  His last appearance as a presenter on Today was 26 September 2014. 

Writing

Davis' 1998 book Public Spending was published by Penguin. In it he argued for the privatisation of public services as a means of increasing efficiency.  Davis' second book, Made in Britain: How the Nation Earns Its Living, was published by Little, Brown and Company in May 2011.

Personal life

Davis is a keen motorcyclist, and was seen riding a Yamaha R6 motorcycle in BBC Two's The City Uncovered. Davis lives with his partner Guillaume Baltz, a French landscape architect.   Davis is the owner of a whippet named Mr. Whippy. 

Honours and awards

Davis holds honorary degrees from the Open University,  City University, Cardiff University,  Coventry University  and Aston University. 

Bibliography

* Davis, E. (1998), Public Spending, Harmondsworth: Penguin Books ISBN 0-14-026446-9
Question:
On which radio programme has Evan Davis been a regular presenter since April 2008?
Answer:
Today! (album)
Passage:
Sloppy Joe's
Sloppy Joe's Bar is a historic American bar in Key West, Florida. It is now located on the north side of Duval Street at the corner of Greene Street, (201 Duval Street).

Sloppy Joe's also has a location in Treasure Island, Florida and a third location in Daytona Beach, Florida opened in February 2010. 

History and present day

Founded on December 5, 1933, the bar's most famous patrons were Ernest Hemingway and the infamous rum runner Habana Joe.  The original location at the time Hemingway frequented Sloppy Joe's is a few doors down to the west, just off Duval Street, at 428 Greene Street, and is now called "Captain Tony's Saloon".

The bar went through two name changes before settling on Sloppy Joe's with the encouragement of Hemingway.  The name was coined from the original Sloppy Joe's bar in Old Havana, that sold both liquor and iced seafood.  In the Cuban heat, the ice melted and patrons taunted the owner José (Joe) García Río that he ran a "sloppy" place.

The bar is the site of the Ernest Hemingway look-alike contest, started in 1981. It is well known as a tourist attraction, with live bands and slushy drinks. On November 1, 2006, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

Popular Culture

The bar is also referenced to in the famous film Citizen Kane, as the reporter Thompson interviews Kane's old friend and dramatic critic:

Gallery

Image:Silver Slipper by Waldo Peirce.jpg|The Silver Slipper dance hall adjacent to Sloppy Joe's, painted in the 1930s by Waldo Peirce
File:Sloppy Joes Bar Key West, Florida, FL Memory.jpg|The bar, circa 1986.
Question:
Sloppy Joe's Bar in Key West Florida became famous for its association with which American author
Answer:
Famous at Twenty-Five Thirty a Master
Passage:
Grand Marnier
Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge is an orange-flavored liqueur created in 1880  by Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle. It is made from a blend of Cognac brandy, distilled essence of bitter orange, and sugar. Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge is 40% alcohol (70 Proof in UK, 80 Proof in US).  Aside from Cordon Rouge, the Grand Marnier line includes other liqueurs, most of which can be consumed "neat" as a cordial or a digestif, and can be used in mixed drinks and desserts. In France this kind of use is the most popular, especially with Crêpes Suzette and "crêpes au Grand Marnier". César Ritz (1850–1918) reportedly came up with the name "Grand Marnier" for Marnier-Lapostolle, who in return helped him purchase and establish the Hotel Ritz Paris. 

Varieties

Cordon Rouge

Cordon Rouge or "Red Ribbon" is orange-flavored cognac liqueur and the original Grand Marnier liqueur created in 1880 by Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle. It is consumed neat and is also used in mixed drinks and desserts.

Awards

*Gold Medal World Spirits Competition, San Francisco 2001 
*4 Star recommendation from F. Paul Pacult’s Kindred Spirits, the Spirit Journal Guide

Signature Series

* No. 1 - Natural Cherry - A blend of Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge with wild tropical Haitian and Dominican oranges and European Griotte cherries.
* No. 2 - Raspberry Peach - A blend of European raspberries and rare red peaches from Ardèche, in the South of France, combined with Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge.

Cordon Jaune

Cordon Jaune or "Yellow Ribbon" Grand Marnier is only sold in some European countries and at some major international airports. Cordon Jaune is a triple-sec Curaçao-like liqueur that is made with neutral grain spirit instead of Cognac. It does not resemble Cordon Rouge or other orange-flavored brandy liqueurs so much as other high-quality, 80 proof triple-sec Curaçao liqueurs, like Cointreau original or Gabriel Boudier Curaçao Triple-sec.

Cuvée du Centenaire

Cuvée du Centenaire ("Centennial Edition"), was first released in limited quantities in 1927 to commemorate the 100th anniversary.  It is made with up to 25-year-old fine cognacs and is consumed neat.  It is more expensive, at about US$145 per bottle.

Awards

*5-star recommendation from F. Paul Pacult’s Kindred Spirits, the Spirit Journal Guide 
*Double Gold medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition 2001
*Gold Medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition 2007

Cuvée Spéciale Cent Cinquantenaire

Grand Marnier 150, technically called Cuvée Spéciale Cent Cinquantenaire ("Special Sesquicentennial Edition"), was awarded a Gold Medal at the Salon des Arts Ménagers in 1983 – Brussels, and is the finest type of Grand Marnier. Also Double Gold Medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition in 2007. It is made with up to 50-year-old cognacs sealed within hand-finished frosted glass bottles featuring hand-painted Art Nouveau decorations.  At approximately $220 USD per bottle, it was previously marketed under the slogan "Hard to find, impossible to pronounce, and prohibitively expensive." 

Awards

*“Best of the Best” Spirits in the Robb Report
*5-star recommendation from F. Paul Pacult’s Kindred Spirits, the Spirit Journal Guide
*“Best Liqueur” at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition 2001
*Double Gold Medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition 2007

Cuvée Louis-Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle

Cuvée Louis-Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle is a special selection of cognacs taken from the best known districts (Grande Champagne, Petite Champagne, Borderies, Fins Bois and Bons Bois) and aged at length in oak casks. It is only available in duty-free shops in Canada and France and liquor stores in Quebec, Canada and the Netherlands.

Use in food 

Grand Marnier is used in several kinds of pastries, such as liquor cream buns. It can also be used in the French Christmas dessert known as Bûche de Noël (Yule log). It is frequently used in recipes for cranberry sauce, as sweetness and citrus can be a contrast to the bitterness of cranberries.  It is also an ingredient for the preparation of flambé dishes, such as Crêpes Suzette, Grand Marnier soufflé and crème brûlée. It can also be used in the sauce of the "Canard à l'Orange" roasted duck dish. It can also be simply drizzled over vanilla ice cream.

Mixed drinks 

Grand Marnier can be used in mixed drinks. Some examples of these include the Cosmopolitan, Margarita, Sangria, Sidecar, Dirty Harry, Grand Mimosa, B-52, the Grand Marnier Smash, The Grand Smash, The Smash Marnier, The Bloody Smash, The Maced Marnier, The Ace Marnier Smash, Frosty Smash, The Smace, The Grand Hound, The Blood Pug, The Clarke, The Nogley and the Grand Marnier Fireball.
Question:
Which dish is a combination of pancakes re-heated in a sauce of sugar, oranges and Curacao or Grand Marnier?
Answer:
Crepe suzette
Passage:
Funeral Blues
"Funeral Blues" or "Stop all the clocks" is a poem by W. H. Auden. An early version was published in 1936, but the poem in its final, familiar form was first published in The Year's Poetry (London, 1938).

Titles and versions

The first, and less widely known, version of the poem, written and published in 1936, has five stanzas; the 1938 final version has four. Only the first two stanzas are the same in both versions. The 1936 version was a satiric poem of mourning for a political leader, written for the verse play The Ascent of F6, by Auden and Christopher Isherwood.  The 1938 version was written to be sung by the soprano Hedli Anderson in a setting by Benjamin Britten. This version was first published in the anthology The Year's Poetry, 1938, compiled by Denys Kilham Roberts and Geoffrey Grigson (London, 1938). Auden then included it in his book Another Time (New York, 1940) as one of four poems headed "Four Cabaret Songs for Miss Hedli Anderson"; the poem itself was titled "Funeral Blues" in this edition. (Auden never gave the poem any other title.) The text in the British edition of Another Time has a misprint, showing "woods" for the correct reading "wood"; this error does not occur in any other edition.

In Auden's Collected Poetry (1945) "Funeral Blues" is poem XXX in the section "Songs and Other Musical Pieces". In his Collected Shorter Poems 1927–1957 (1966), it is poem IX in the section "Twelve Songs" in Part II, "1933–1938"; the same numbering appears in his posthumous Collected Poems (1976, 1991, 2007).

Britten wrote a setting of the poem for chorus and instrumental group as part of his incidental music for the first production of The Ascent of F6 in 1937, and later arranged it for solo voice and piano in a collection of settings of Auden poems under the title Cabaret Songs.

Copyright status

"Funeral Blues" is copyrighted by the Estate of W. H. Auden.  According to The W. H. Auden Society, only Random House, Faber & Faber, and Curtis Brown Ltd. can give permission to reprint the text.

Appearances

It is the English contribution to the statue commemorating the Heysel Stadium disaster, where a retaining wall collapsed, resulting in 39 deaths on 29 May 1985, when Liverpool F.C. played Juventus FC in the European Cup final.

The poem is featured prominently in the 1994 British romantic comedy film Four Weddings and a Funeral.

In the musical February House, produced Off-Broadway in 2012, a large portion of the poem is sung by Auden himself. The show consists of an original score with music and lyrics by Gabriel Kahane.

In the 6th episode of the 3rd season of British TV series Gavin & Stacey, the poem was read by the character Mick, at the wedding of Nessa and Dave, as it was Dave's favorite poem.
Question:
The poem ‘Funeral Blues’ by W H Auden is popularly known by what name?
Answer:
Funeral Blues
Passage:
Jim Davis (cartoonist)
James Robert "Jim" Davis (born July 28, 1945) is an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the comic strips Garfield and U.S. Acres (aka Orson's Farm), the former of which has been published since 1978 and has since become the world's most widely syndicated comic strip. Davis's other comics work includes Tumbleweeds, Gnorm Gnat and Mr. Potato Head.

Davis has written (or in some cases co-written) all of the Emmy Award-winning or nominated Garfield TV specials and was one of the producers behind the Garfield & Friends TV show which aired on CBS from 1988 to 1994. Davis is the writer and executive producer of a trilogy of CGI-direct-to-video feature films about Garfield, as well as one of the executive producers and the creator for the CGI-animated TV series The Garfield Show. He continues to work on the strip.

Personal life

Jim Davis was born in Marion, Indiana on July 28, 1945. Davis grew up on a small farm in Fairmount, Indiana, with his father James William "Jim" Davis, mother Anna Catherine "Betty" (née Carter) Davis, brother Dave and 25 cats. Davis's childhood on a farm parallels the life of Garfield's owner, Jon Arbuckle, who was also raised on a farm with his parents and a brother, Doc Boy. Jon is a cartoonist, who also celebrates his birthday on July 28. Davis attended Ball State University where he studied art and business. While attending Ball State, he became a member of the Theta Xi fraternity.

Unlike the bachelor, Jon Arbuckle, Davis has been married twice, first to Carolyn (Altekruse), who was allergic to cats,  though they owned a dog named Molly.  They have a son, James Alexander Davis.  On July 16, 2000, Davis married his current wife, Jill, and had two more children: Ashley and Christopher.

In April of 2016 it was announced that Jim Davis will become an adjunct faculty member at Ball State University in Muncie this fall. 

Davis resides in Albany, Indiana, where he and his staff produce Garfield under his Paws, Inc. company, launched in 1981. Paws, Inc. employs nearly 50 artists and licensing administrators, who work with agents around the world managing Garfield's vast licensing, syndication, and entertainment empire.

Davis is a former president of the Fairmount, Indiana FFA chapter. 

Career

Prior to creating Garfield, Davis worked for an advertising agency, and in 1969, he began assisting Tom Ryan's comic strip, Tumbleweeds. He then created a comic strip, Gnorm Gnat, that ran for five years in The Pendleton Times, an Indiana newspaper. When Davis attempted to sell it to a national comic strip syndicate, an editor told him: "Your art is good, your gags are great, but bugs—nobody can relate to bugs!" 

On June 19, 1978, Garfield started syndication in 41 newspapers. Today it is syndicated in 2,580 newspapers and is read by approximately 300 million readers each day. 

In the 1980s, Davis created the barnyard slapstick comic strip U.S. Acres. Outside the U.S., the strip was known as Orson's Farm. Davis, along with Brett Koth, also made a 2000–03 strip based on the Mr. Potato Head toy.

Davis founded the Professor Garfield Foundation to support children's literacy. 

His influences include Mort Walker's Beetle Bailey and Hi and Lois, Charles M. Schulz's Peanuts, Milton Caniff's Steve Canyon and Johnny Hart's B.C. 

Awards
Question:
What was the name of the lasagne loving cat created by Jim Davis?
Answer:
Garfield at 25: In Dog Years I'd Be Dead
