Passage:
Merlyn Lowther
Merlyn Vivienne Lowther (born March 1954)  was Chief Cashier of the Bank of England for 1999  to 2003. She was the first woman to hold the post. The signature of the Chief Cashier appears on Bank of England banknotes. Lowther was succeeded by Andrew Bailey. 

Since February 2013, Lowther has been a Deputy Chairman of Co-Operative Banking Group Limited and The Co-operative Bank plc.
Question:
Which post was held by Miss Merlyn Lowther from 1999 to 2003?
Answer:
Chief Cashier of the Bank of England
Passage:
Shirley Crabtree
Shirley Crabtree, Jr (14 November 1930 – 2 December 1997), better known as Big Daddy, was an English professional wrestler with a record-breaking 64 inch chest. He worked for Joint Promotions and the British Wrestling Federation. Initially a villain, he teamed with Giant Haystacks. He later became a fan favourite, working until the 1990s.

Professional wrestling career 

Early career

Crabtree decided to follow in the footsteps of his father, Shirley Crabtree, Sr., becoming a professional wrestler in 1952. He first became popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s as a blue-eye billed as "Blond Adonis Shirley Crabtree." He won the European Heavyweight Championship in Joint Promotions and a disputed branch of the British Heavyweight title in the independent British Wrestling Federation before he quit in 1966 following a (non-kayfabe) campaign of harassment by former champion Bert Assirati. He retired for roughly six years.

Comeback

In 1972, Crabtree returned to Joint Promotions as a villain with a gimmick of The Battling Guardsman based on his former service with the Coldstream. It was during this period that he made his first appearances on World of Sport on ITV.

Not long afterwards, Shirley's brother, Max, was appointed as Northern area booker with Joint Promotions and began to transform Crabtree into the persona for which he would be best remembered. Based originally on the character of the same name played by actor Burl Ives in the first screen adaptation of Tennessee Williams' Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958), 'Big Daddy' was first given life by Crabtree in late 1974, initially still as a villain. The character's leotards were emblazoned with just a large "D" and were fashioned by his wife Eunice from their chintz sofa. The character first gained attention in mid-1975 when he formed a tag team with TV newcomer Giant Haystacks. However, during this period, Daddy began to be cheered for the first time since his comeback when he entered into a feud with masked villain Kendo Nagasaki, especially when he unmasked Nagasaki during a televised contest from Solihull in December 1975 (although the unmasked Nagasaki quickly won the bout moments later).

By the middle of 1977, Daddy had completed his transformation into a blue eye, a change cemented by the breakdown of his tag team with Haystacks and a subsequent feud between the two which would last until the early 1990s. A firm fans' favourite particularly amongst children, Big Daddy came to the ring in either a sequinned cape or a Union Flag jacket and top hat. In addition to his feud with Haystacks, Daddy also feuded with Canadian wrestler 'Mighty' John Quinn. He headlined Wembley Arena with singles matches against Quinn in 1979 and Haystacks in 1981. Later in the 1980s he feuded with Dave "Fit" Finlay, Drew McDonald and numerous other villains.

In August 1987 at the Hippodrome circus in Great Yarmouth, Big Daddy performed in a tag team match pitting himself and nephew Steve Crabtree (billed as "Greg Valentine") against King Kong Kirk and King Kendo. After Big Daddy had delivered a splash and pinned King Kong Kirk, rather than selling the impact of the finishing move, Kirk turned an unhealthy colour and was rushed to a nearby hospital. He was pronounced dead on arrival. Despite the fact that the inquest into Kirk's death found that he had a serious heart condition and cleared Crabtree of any responsibility, Crabtree was devastated.

He continued to make regular appearances into the early 1990s, but he eventually retired from wrestling altogether to spend the remainder of his days in his home town of Halifax. During his career, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Queen Elizabeth II said they were fans of 'Big Daddy'.  

Personal life 

Crabtree was a former rugby league player for league club Bradford Northern. His temper often forced him off the pitch early.  He also had stints as a coal miner and with the British Army's Coldstream Guards.

Crabtree's 64 inch chest earned him a place in the Guinness Book of Records.

His brother Brian was a wrestling referee and later MC, while his other brother Max was a booker for – and later proprietor of – Joint Promotions. His nephews Steve and Scott Crabtree also had wrestling careers – Steve wrestled in the 1980s and 1990s, billed as 'Greg Valentine' (named after the American wrestler of the same name) while Scott wrestled as Scott Valentine. Both worked as tag team partners for their uncle. Another nephew Eorl Crabtree is now a Huddersfield and England international rugby league player.

Crabtree died of a stroke in December 1997 in Halifax General Hospital. He was survived by his second wife of 31 years, Eunice and six children. 

Other media

Big Daddy had his own comic strip in Buster during the early 1980s drawn by Mike Lacey. In 1982 ITV planned to build a TV programme around 'Big Daddy' as a replacement for the popular children's Saturday morning Tiswas show. A pilot for Big Daddy's Saturday Show was shot and a series announced but Crabtree pulled out at the last moment, leaving the hastily renamed The Saturday Show presented by Isla St Clair and Tommy Boyd.

The European version of the multi-format game Legends of Wrestling II featured Big Daddy as an exclusive extra Legendary Wrestler.

A stage play by Brian Mitchell and Joseph Nixon, Big Daddy vs Giant Haystacks premiered at the Brighton Festival Fringe in East Sussex, England between 26–28 May 2011 and subsequently toured Great Britain.  Big Daddy features on Luke Haines' 2011 album "9½ Psychedelic Meditations on British Wrestling of the 1970s and early '80s" as the owner of a Casio VL-Tone synthesizer.

In wrestling

*Finishing moves
*Daddy Splash (Big splash)

*Signature moves
*Body block
*Scoop slam

Championships and accomplishments

*British Wrestling Federation
*British Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
*European Heavyweight Championship (2 times)

Notes
Question:
English wrestler Shirley Crabtree Jr was better known by what name?
Answer:
Big Daddy
Passage:
Movie Review - - The Screen:'W .C. Fields and Me' Can Be ...
Movie Review -    - The Screen:'W .C. Fields and Me' Can Be All Bad - NYTimes.com
The Screen:'W .C. Fields and Me' Can Be All Bad
By VINCENT CANBY
Published: April     1, 1976
In his 1937 review of W.C. Fields in "Poppy," Graham Greene wrote "To watch Mr. Fields, as Dickensian as anything Dickens ever wrote, is a form of escape for poor human creatures . . . who are haunted by pity, by fear, by our sense of right and wrong . . . by conscience. . ." This prize of escape is the major thing missing from the dreadful new film "W. C. Fields and Me." It holds up a wax dummy of a character intended to represent the great misanthropic comedian and expects us to feel compassion but only traps us in embarrassment.
"W. C. Fields and Me," which opened yesterday at three theaters, is based on the memoir written by Carlotta Monti, Fields's mistress for the last 14 years of his life. The book, written with Cy Rice, is gushy, foolish and self-serving, which is probably understandable.
To expect it to be anything else, I suppose, would be to look for the definitive analysis of the Cuban missile crisis in a memoir by a White House cook. Yet the movie needn't have been quite as brainless as it is. That took work.
First off, Bob Merrill, who has written either the lyrics or music (sometimes both) for some good Broadway shows, including "New Girl in Town," has supplied a screenplay that originally may have been meant as the outline for a musical. It exhibits a tell-tale disregard for facts and the compulsion to make a dramatically shapeless life fit into a two-act form. The mind that attends to this sort of hack business would cast Raquel Welsh in the title role of "The Life and Loves of Bliss Carman."
Then there's Arthur Hiller, a director who makes intelligent films when the material is right ("Hospital," "The Americanization of Emily") and terrible ones when the writers fail.
Most prominent in the mess is Rod Steiger, who has been got up in a false nose and dyed hair in a way meant to make him look like Fields, which he does (sort of though he reminds me much more of the way Fields's one-time co-star, Mae West, looked in "Myra Breckinridge." The exterior is pure plastic, though occasionally one sees a sign of individual life deep inside the two holes that have been cut out for the eyes.
The film opens in the 1920's in New York, when Fields was already a big Ziegfeld star, and closes with his death in California in 1946, at the age of 67, when he had become one of Hollywood's most celebrated stars. In between these dates "W.C. Fields and Me" attempts to dramatize—with no conviction—the complex, witty actor-writer as if he were one of his own ill-tempered, suspicious heroes with a suddenly discovered heart of gold.
Mr. Steiger reads all of his lines with the monotonous sing-song manner used by third-rate nightclub comics doing Fields imitations. He also speaks most of them out of the corner of his mouth as if he'd had a stroke.
Valerie Perrine, a spectacularly beautiful woman who may also be a good actress, plays Miss Monti, who, in this film anyway, is an unconvincing combination of intelligence, patience, fidelity, sportsmanship and masochism. Perhaps because the visual style of the entire film is more or less mortuous, Jack Cassidy, who plays a flyweight John Barrymore, wears the kind of makeup that makes him look dead several reels before he actually dies.
The movie contains two halfway funny moments: a scene in which we see Fields taking a broom to a swan that has trespassed his Hollywood lawn, and the sight of Baby Harold (based on Baby Leroy, one of Fields's toughest costars) staggering out of his set-side dressing room after Fields has spiked the kid's orange juice with gin.
W.C. FIELDS AND ME, directed by Arthur Hiller; screenplay by Bob Merrill, based on the book by Carlotta Monti with Cy Rice; produced by Jay Weston; director of photography, David M. Walsh; editor, John C. Howard; music, Henry Mancini; distributed by Universal Pictures. Running time: 110 minutes. At the Criterion Theater, Broadway at 45th Street, Baronet Theater, 34th Street near Second Avenue. This film has been rated PG.
W.C. Fields . . . . . Rod Steiger
Question:
Who took the role of W C Fields in the 1976 film 'W C Fields and Me'?
Answer:
ROD STEIGER
Passage:
Phyllis Latour
Phyllis "Pippa" Latour (born 8 April 1921) MBE, was a heroine of the Special Operations Executive during the Second World War.

Early life

Latour's father, Philippe, was French and married to Louise, a British citizen living in South Africa, where Phyllis was born in 1921.

WAAF & Special Operations Executive

She moved from South Africa to England and joined the WAAF in November 1941 (Service Number 718483) as a flight mechanic for airframes—But she was immediately asked to become a spy, and went through vigorous mental and physical training. She joined the SOE in revenge for her godmother's father having been shot by the Nazis,  officially joining on 1 November 1943 and was commissioned as an Honorary Section Officer.

She parachuted into Orne, Normandy on 1 May 1944 to operate as part of the Scientist circuit, using the codename Genevieve to work as a wireless operator with the organiser Claude de Baissac and his sister Lisé de Baissac (the courier).  She worked successfully and largely avoiding detection of the Germans, she sent over 135 messages to London, remaining in France until the liberation in August 1944.

Post World War II

After World War II, Latour married an engineer with the surname Doyle, and went to live in Kenya (East Africa),  Fiji, and Australia. She now lives in Auckland, New Zealand.

Honours and awards

Latour was appointed a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour (Knight of the Legion of Honour), by the French government on 29 November 2014, as part of the 70th anniversary of the battle of Normandy.  

Notes
Question:
"In 2014 at the age of 93 Phyllis Latour Doyle, ""Pippa"", received the Chevalier de l'Ordre National de la Legion d'Honneur, (the Legion of Honour, knight class) for activities in occupied France in World War II; where was she born, and where did she grow up?"
Answer:
South africa
Passage:
Lærdal Tunnel
Lærdal Tunnel () is a  long road tunnel connecting Lærdal and Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway and located approximately 175 – north-east of Bergen. It is the longest road tunnel in the world succeeding the Swiss Gotthard Road Tunnel. The tunnel carries two lanes of European Route E16 and represents the final link on the new main highway connecting Oslo and Bergen without ferry connections and difficult mountain crossings during winter.

In 1975, the Parliament of Norway decided that the main road between Oslo and Bergen would run via Filefjell. In 1992, Parliament confirmed that decision, made the further decision that the road should run through a tunnel between Lærdal and Aurland, and passed legislation to build the tunnel. Construction started in 1995 and the tunnel opened in 2000. It cost 1.082 billion Norwegian krone ($113.1M USD). 

Design

A total of 2500000 m3 of rock was removed from the tunnel during its construction from 1995 to 2000.  The tunnel begins just east of Aurlandsvangen in Aurland and goes through a mountain range and ends  south of Lærdalsøyri in Lærdal.  The design of the tunnel takes into consideration the mental strain on drivers, so the tunnel is divided into four sections, separated by three large mountain caves at 6 km intervals.  While the main tunnel has white lights, the caves have blue lighting with yellow lights at the fringes to give an impression of sunrise.   The caves are meant to break the routine, providing a refreshing view and allowing drivers to take a short rest.  The caverns are also used as turn around points and for break areas to help lift claustrophobia during a 20-minute drive through the tunnel.  To keep drivers from being inattentive or falling asleep, each lane is supplied with a loud rumble strip towards the centre.

Safety

The tunnel does not have emergency exits. In case of accidents and/or fire, many safety precautions have been made.  There are emergency phones marked "SOS" every 250 m which can contact the police, fire departments, and hospitals.  Fire extinguishers have been placed every 125 m.  Whenever an emergency phone in the tunnel is used or a fire extinguisher is lifted, stop lights and electronic signs reading: snu og køyr ut () are displayed throughout the tunnel and 2 other electronic signs on both sides of the entrance reading: tunnelen stengt  (English: Tunnel closed).  There are 15 turning areas which were constructed for buses and semi-trailers.  In addition to the three large caverns, emergency niches have been built every 500 m.  There are photo inspections and counting of all vehicles that enter and exit the tunnel at security centres in Lærdal and Bergen.  There is also special wiring in the tunnel for the use of radio and mobile phones.  Speed cameras have been installed  because of serious speeding (there are very few other completely straight roads in the region).

Air quality

High air quality in the tunnel is achieved in two ways: ventilation and purification. Large fans draw air in from both entrances, and polluted air is expelled through the ventilation tunnel to Tynjadalen. The Lærdal Tunnel is the first in the world to be equipped with an air treatment plant, located in a 100 m wide cavern about  northwest of Aurlandsvangen.  The plant removes both dust and nitrogen dioxide from the tunnel air. Two large fans draw air through the treatment plant, where dust and soot are removed by an electrostatic filter. Then the air is drawn through a large carbon filter which removes the nitrogen dioxide.
Question:
In which country is the Laerdal Tunnel, the longest road tunnel in the world?
Answer:
Norvège
Passage:
Alis volat propriis
Alis volat propriis is a Latin phrase used as the motto of U.S. state of Oregon. 

The official English version of the motto is "She flies with her own wings" in keeping with the tradition of considering countries and territories to be feminine.  However, because the feminine pronoun in the Latin sentences is often omitted and the verb form is not inflected for gender, the phrase could be translated with equal validity as "[one] flies with [one's] own wings" or "[it] flies with [its] own wings". 

If macrons are used to indicate the long vowels (standard practice in Latin dictionaries and textbooks), then the phrase becomes Ālīs volat propriīs.

The motto was written in English by judge Jesse Quinn Thornton, and its Latin translation was added to the Territorial Seal adopted by the Oregon Territorial Legislature in 1854.  The motto referred to the May 2, 1843 vote by Oregon Country settlers at the third Champoeg Meeting to form a provisional government independent of the United States and Great Britain. During the American Civil War of 1861 to 1865 the motto on the state seal was changed to "The Union."Lansing, Ronald B. 2005. Nimrod: Courts, Claims, and Killing on the Oregon Frontier. Pullman: Washington State University Press. p. 90, 136-40, 262. In 1957, the Oregon Legislature officially changed the motto to "The Union" reflecting conflicting views about slavery in Oregon's early days.

In 1987, the legislature readopted the original motto, which it felt better reflected Oregon's independent spirit. The sponsors of the bill that changed the motto back to alis volat propriis included the Oregon Secretary of State and later Governor Barbara Roberts, President of the Oregon Senate Jason Boe, and Senate historian Cecil Edwards.

In 1999, after a short debate in committee, the Oregon House of Representatives took a vote on HB 2269, which would revert the state motto to "The Union". The bill failed to pass on a 30-30 tie vote. 

The current Oregon State Seal, which appears on the obverse of the state flag, still features the motto "The Union."
Question:
Feb 14, 1859 saw what state, with an offical motto that translates as "She Flies With Her Own Wings", join the union as the 33rd?
Answer:
Demographics of Oregon
Passage:
Mattock
A mattock is a versatile hand tool, used for digging and chopping, similar to the pickaxe. It has a long handle, and a stout head, which combines an axe blade and an adze (cutter mattock) or a pick and an adze (pick mattock).

Description

A mattock has a shaft, typically made of wood, which is about 3 - long.  The head comprises two ends, opposite each other, and separated by a central eye; a mattock head typically weighs 3 -. The form of the head determines its identity and its use:

*The head of a pick mattock combines a pick and an adze. It is "one of the best tools for grubbing in hard soils and rocky terrain".  The adze may be sharpened, but the pick rarely is; it is generally squared rather than beveled.
*The head of a cutter mattock combines an axe with an adze. Thus, it has two flat blades, facing away from each other, and one rotated 90° relative to the other. The blade is designed to be used for cutting through roots.

The handle of a mattock fits into the oval eye in the head, and is fixed by striking the head end of the handle against a solid surface, such as a tree stump, a rock or firm ground. The head end of the handle is tapered outwards, and the oval opening in the iron tool is similarly tapered so that the head will never fly off when in use.  The mattock blade ought never be raised higher than the user's hands, so that it will not slide  down and hit the user's hands.  The mattock is meant for swinging between one's legs, as in digging a ditch with one foot on either side.  Tapping the handle end on the ground while holding the head  allows the handle to be removed. In the eastern United States, mattock handles are often fitted with a screw below the head and parallel with it, to prevent the head slipping down the handle; in the western United States, where tools are more commonly dismantled for transport, this is rarely done.

Uses

Mattocks are "the most versatile of hand-planting tools". They can be used to chop into the ground with the adze and pull the soil towards the user, opening a slit to plant into.  They can also be used to dig holes for planting into, and are particularly useful where there is a thick layer of matted sod. The use of a mattock can be tiring because of the effort needed to drive the blade into the ground, and the amount of bending and stooping involved.

The adze of a mattock is useful for digging or hoeing, especially in hard soil.

Cutter mattocks () are used in rural Africa for removing stumps from fields, including unwanted banana suckers. 

The mattock was most likely the main murder weapon when six people were killed in the brutal murders in Hinterkaifeck.

History

As a simple but effective tool, mattocks have a long history. Their shape was already established by the Bronze Age in Asia Minor and Ancient Greece.,  and mattocks () were the most commonly depicted tool in Byzantine manuscripts of Hesiod's Works and Days. 

Mattocks made from antlers first appear in the British Isles in the Late Mesolithic. They were probably used chiefly for digging, and may have been related to the rise of agriculture.  Mattocks made of whalebone were used for tasks including flensing – stripping blubber from the carcass of a whale – by the broch people of Scotland and by the Inuit. 

Etymology

The word mattock is of unclear origin; one theory traces it from Proto-Germanic, from Proto-Indo-European (see Wiktionary). There are no clear cognates in other Germanic languages, and similar words in various Celtic languages are borrowings from the English (e.g. , , ).  However, there are proposed cognates in Old High German and Middle High German, and more speculatively with words in Balto-Slavic languages, including Old Church Slavonic ' and Lithuanian ', and even Sanskrit. It may be cognate to or derived from the unattested Vulgar Latin ', meaning club or cudgel. The New English Dictionary of 1906 interpreted mattock as a diminutive, but there is no root to derive it from, and no semantic reason for the diminutive formation. Forms such as mathooke, motthook and mathook were produced by folk etymology. Although used to prepare whale blubber, which the Inuit call "mattaq", no such connection is known. 

While the noun "mattock" is attested from Old English onwards, the transitive verb "to mattock" or "to mattock up" first appeared in the mid-17th century.
Question:
A mattock (alternatively called a dibber in some countries) is used mainly for?
Answer:
Dig
Passage:
Washboard (musical instrument)
The washboard and frottoir (from Cajun French "frotter", to rub) are used as a percussion instrument, employing the ribbed metal surface of the cleaning device as a rhythm instrument. As traditionally used in jazz, zydeco, skiffle, jug band, and old-time music, the washboard remained in its wooden frame and is played primarily by tapping, but also scraping the washboard with thimbles. Often the washboard has additional traps, such as a wood block, a cowbell, and even small cymbals. Conversely, the frottoir (zydeco rubboard) dispenses with the frame and consists simply of the metal ribbing hung around the neck. It is played primarily with spoon handles or bottle openers in a combination of strumming, scratching, tapping and rolling.  The frottoir or vest frottoir is played as a stroked percussion instrument, often in a band with a drummer, while the washboard generally is a replacement for drums. In Zydeco bands, the frottoir is usually played with bottle openers, to make a louder sound. It tends to play counter-rhythms to the drummer. In a jug band, the washboard can also be stroked with a single whisk broom and functions as the drums for the band, playing only on the back-beat for most songs, a substitute for a snare drum. In a four-beat measure, the washboard will stroke on the 2-beat and the 4-beat. Its best sound is achieved using a single steel-wire snare-brush or whisk broom.  However, in a jazz setting, the washboard can also be played with thimbles on all fingers, tapping out much more complex rhythms, as in The Washboard Rhythm Kings, a full-sized band, and Newman Taylor Baker.

There are three general ways of deploying the washboard for use as an instrument. The first, mainly used by American players like Washboard Chaz of the Washboard Chaz Blues Trio and Ralf Reynolds of the Reynolds Brothers Rhythm Rascals, is to drape it vertically down the chest. The second, used by European players like David Langlois of the Blue Vipers of Brooklyn and Stephane Seva of Paris Washboard, is to hold it horizontally across the lap, or, for more complex setups, to mount it horizontally on a purpose-built stand. The third (and least common) method, used by Washboard Sam and Deryck Guyler, is to hold it in a perpendicular orientation between the legs while seated, so that both sides of the board might be played at the same time.

There is a Polish traditional jazz festival and music award named "Złota Tarka" (Golden Washboard).  Washboards, called "zatulas", are also occasionally used in Ukrainian folk music.

History

The washboard as a percussion instrument ultimately derives from the practice of hamboning as practiced in West Africa and brought to the new world by African slaves.   This led to the development of Jug bands which used jugs, spoons, and washboards to provide the rhythm.   Jug bands became popular in the 1920s.

The frottoir, also called a Zydeco rub-board, is a mid-20th century invention designed specifically for Zydeco music.  It is one of the few musical instruments invented entirely in the United States and represents a distillation of the washboard into essential elements (percussive surface with shoulder straps).  It was designed in 1946 by Clifton Chenier and fashioned by Willie Landry, a friend and metalworker at the Texaco refinery in Port Arthur, Texas. Clifton's brother Cleveland Chenier famously played this newly designed rubboard using bottle openers. Likewise, Willie's son, Tee Don Landry, continues the traditional hand manufacturing of rubboards in his small shop in Sunset, Louisiana, between Lafayette and Opelousas. 

In 2010 Saint Blues Guitar Workshop launched an electric washboard percussion instrument called the Woogie Board. 

Well known washboard musicians

In British Columbia, Canada, Tony McBride, known as "Mad Fingers McBride", performs with a group called The Genuine Jug Band. Tony is referred to as "The Canadian Washboard King". His percussion set-up was created by Douglas Fraser, of the same band. The washboard set-up was seen in Modern Drummer magazine, August 2014 edition.

Musician Steve Katz famously played washboard with the Even Dozen Jug Band.  His playing can be heard on the group’s legendary self-titled Elektra recording from 1964. Katz reprised his washboard playing on Played a Little Fiddle, a 2007 recording featuring Steve Katz, Stefan Grossman and Danny Kalb. Katz's washboard approach is notable as he plays the instrument horizontally. Additionally, Katz uses fingerpicks instead of thimbles.

During their early years, Mungo Jerry frequently featured washboard on stage and on record, played by Joe Rush.

Jim "Dandy" Mangrum, lead singer of Southern rock band Black Oak Arkansas, is well known for incorporating the washboard into many of the band's songs, notably "When Electricity Came to Arkansas."  Self taught Elizabeth Bougerol has made the washboard a key element of The Hot Sardines jazz band.

Cody Dickinson, a member of hill country blues bands the North Mississippi Allstars and Country Hill Revue plays an electrified washboard on a self-written track, "Psychedelic Sex Machine". The song is almost entirely centered around the sound of the washboard, captured by a small clip-on microphone. The sound is then sent through a wah-wah and other effects pedals to create a fresher, more innovative and up-to-date sound for the washboard. A frottoir is played with a stroking instrument (usually with spoon handles or a pair of bottle-openers) in each hand. In a 4-beat measure, the frottoir will be stroked 8 to 16 times. It plays more like a Latin percussion instrument, rather than as a drum. The rhythms used are often similar to those played on Guiro.

Actor Deryck Guyler was well known for his washboard-playing skills.
Question:
A washboard scraped with a thimble features as an instrument in what kind of music?
Answer:
Skiffle band
Passage:
Cell division
Cell division is the process by which a parent cell divides into two or more daughter cells.  Cell division usually occurs as part of a larger cell cycle. In eukaryotes, there are two distinct types of cell division: a vegetative division, whereby each daughter cell is genetically identical to the parent cell (mitosis),  and a reproductive cell division, whereby the number of chromosomes in the daughter cells is reduced by half, to produce haploid gametes (meiosis). Meiosis results in four haploid daughter cells by undergoing one round of DNA replication followed by two divisions: homologous chromosomes are separated in the first division, and sister chromatids are separated in the second division.  Both of these cell division cycles are used in sexually reproducing organisms at some point in their life cycle, and both are believed to be present in the last eukaryotic common ancestor.  Prokaryotes also undergo a vegetative cell division known as binary fission, where their genetic material is segregated equally into two daughter cells. All cell divisions, regardless of organism, are preceded by a single round of DNA replication.

For simple unicellular organismsSingle cell organisms. See discussion within lead of the article on microorganism. such as the amoeba, one cell division is equivalent to reproduction – an entire new organism is created. On a larger scale, mitotic cell division can create progeny from multicellular organisms, such as plants that grow from cuttings. Cell division also enables sexually reproducing organisms to develop from the one-celled zygote, which itself was produced by cell division from gametes. And after growth, cell division allows for continual construction and repair of the organism.  A human being's body experiences about 10 quadrillion cell divisions in a lifetime. 

The primary concern of cell division is the maintenance of the original cell's genome. Before division can occur, the genomic information that is stored in chromosomes must be replicated, and the duplicated genome must be separated cleanly between cells. A great deal of cellular infrastructure is involved in keeping genomic information consistent between "generations".

Variants

Cells are classified into two main categories: simple, non-nucleated prokaryotic cells, and complex, nucleated eukaryotic cells. Owing to their structural differences, eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells do not divide in the same way. Also, the pattern of cell division that transforms eukaryotic stem cells into gametes (sperm cells in males or ova – egg cells – in females) is different from that of the somatic cell division in the cells of the body.

Degradation

Multicellular organisms replace worn-out cells through cell division. In some animals, however, cell division eventually halts. In humans this occurs on average, after 52 divisions, known as the Hayflick limit. The cell is then referred to as senescent. Cells stop dividing because the telomeres, protective bits of DNA on the end of a chromosome required for replication, shorten with each copy, eventually being consumed. Cancer cells, on the other hand, are not thought to degrade in this way, if at all. An enzyme called telomerase, present in large quantities in cancerous cells, rebuilds the telomeres, allowing division to continue indefinitely.
Question:
What divides in two in a process called mitosis?
Answer:
Cellular processes
Passage:
Pelisse
A pelisse was originally a short fur lined or fur trimmed jacket that was usually worn hanging loose over the left shoulder of hussar light cavalry soldiers, ostensibly to prevent sword cuts. The name was also applied to a fashionable style of woman's coat worn in the early 19th century.

Military uniform

The style of uniform incorporating the pelisse originated with the Hussar mercenaries of Hungary in the 17th Century. As this type of light cavalry unit became popular in Western Europe, so too did their dress. In the 19th century pelisses were in use throughout most armies in Europe, and even some in North and South America.

In appearance the pelisse was characteristically a very short and extremely tight fitting (when worn) jacket, the cuffs and collar of which were trimmed with fur. The jacket was further decorated with patterns sewn in bullion lace. The front of the jacket was distinctive and featured several rows of parallel frogging and loops, and either three or five lines of buttons. For officers of the British Hussars this frogging, regimentally differentiated, was generally of gold or silver bullion lace, to match either gold (gilt) or silver buttons. Other ranks had either yellow lace with brass buttons or white lace with 'white-metal' buttons. Lacing varied from unit to unit and country to country. The pelisse was usually worn slung over the left shoulder, in the manner of a short cloak, over a jacket of similar style - but without the fur lining or trim - called a dolman jacket. It was held in place by a lanyard. In cold weather the pelisse could be worn over the dolman.
 
The prevalence of this style began to wane towards the end of the 19th Century, but it was still in use by some cavalry regiments in the Imperial German, Russian and Austro-Hungarian armies up until World War I. The two hussar regiments of the Spanish Army retained pelisses until 1931. The Danish Garderhusarregimentet are  the only modern military unit to retain this distinctive item of dress, as part of their mounted full-dress uniform. 

Ladies fashion

In early 19th-century Europe, when military clothing was often used as inspiration for fashionable ladies' garments, the term was applied to a woman's long, fitted coat with set-in sleeves and the then-fashionable Empire waist. Although initially these Regency-era pelisses copied the Hussars' fur and braid, they soon lost these initial associations, and in fact were often made entirely of silk and without fur at all. They did, however, tend to retain traces of their military inspiration with frog fastenings and braid trim.
Pelisses lost even this superficial resemblance to their origins as skirts and sleeves widened in the 1830s, and the increasingly enormous crinolines of the 1840s and '50s caused fashionable women to turn to loose mantles, cloaks, and shawls instead.
Question:
A pelisse is what type of garment?
Answer:
Kinikini
Passage:
Cape Matapan
Cape Matapan (, or Ματαπά in the Maniot dialect), also named as Cape Tainaron (), or Cape Tenaro, is situated at the end of the Mani Peninsula, Greece. Cape Matapan is the southernmost point of mainland Greece, and the second southernmost point in mainland Europe. It separates the Messenian Gulf in the west from the Laconian Gulf in the east.

History

Cape Matapan has been an important place for thousands of years. The tip of Cape Matapan was the site of the ancient town Tenarus, near which there was (and still is) a cave that Greek legends claim was the home of Hades, the god of the dead. The ancient Spartans built several temples there, dedicated to various gods.  On the hill situated above the cave, lie the remnants of an ancient temple dedicated to the sea god Poseidon (Νεκρομαντεῖον Ποσειδῶνος).  Under the Byzantine Empire, the temple was converted into a Christian church, and Christian rites are conducted there to this day. Cape Matapan was once the place where mercenaries waited to be employed.

At Cape Matapan, the Titanic's would-be rescue ship, the SS Californian, was torpedoed and sunk by German forces on 9 November 1915. In March 1941, a major naval battle, the Battle of Cape Matapan, occurred off the coast of Cape Matapan, between the Royal Navy and the Italian Regia Marina, in which the British emerged victorious in a one-sided encounter. The encounter's main result was to drastically reduce future Italian naval activity in the Eastern Mediterranean.

More recently a lighthouse was constructed, but it is now in disuse.
 
As the southernmost point of mainland Greece, the cape is on the migration route of birds headed to Africa.
Question:
In which country is Cape Matapan?
Answer:
Yunanistan
Passage:
An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews
An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews, or simply Shamela, as it is more commonly known, is a satirical burlesque, a novella written by Henry Fielding, first published in April 1741 under the name of Mr. Conny Keyber. Fielding never admitted to writing the work, but it is widely considered to be his.  It is a direct attack on the then-popular novel Pamela (1740) by Fielding's contemporary and rival Samuel Richardson and is composed, like Pamela, in epistolary form.

Publishing history

Shamela was originally published anonymously on 4 April 1741 and sold for one shilling and sixpence. A second edition came out on 3 November that same year which was partly reimpressed and partly reset where emendations were made.

A pirated edition was printed in Dublin in 1741 as well. Reprint editions have subsequently appeared as texts for academic study.

Plot summary

Shamela is written as a shocking revelation of the true events which took place in the life of Pamela Andrews, the main heroine of Pamela. From Shamela we learn that, instead of being a kind, humble and chaste servant-girl, Pamela (whose true name turns out to be Shamela) is in fact a wicked and lascivious creature and former prostitute, scheming to entrap her master, Squire Booby, into marriage.

Themes and style

The novel is a sustained parody of, and direct response to, the stylistic failings and moral hypocrisy that Fielding saw in Richardson's Pamela. Reading Shamela amounts to re-reading Pamela through a deforming magnifying glass; Richardson's text is rewritten in a way that reveals its hidden implications, to subvert and desecrate it.  

Richardson's epistolary tale of a resolute servant girl, armed only with her 'virtue' to battle against her master's attempts at seduction, had become an overnight literary sensation in 1741. The implicit moral message – that a girl's chastity has eventual value as a commodity – as well as the awkwardness of the epistolary form in dealing with ongoing events, and the triviality of the detail which the form necessitates, were some of the main targets of Fielding's travesty.

Recent criticism has explored the ways in which Pamela in fact dramatises its own weaknesses. From this perspective, Fielding's work may be seen as a development of possibilities already encoded in Richardson's work, rather than a simple attack.  Another novel by Fielding parodying Pamela, albeit not so explicitly, is The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and his Friend, Mr. Abraham Adams (February 1742), more commonly known as Joseph Andrews.
Question:
‘Shamela’ (1741) was a parody of ‘Pamela’ (1740). Who wrote the latter?
Answer:
Samuel Richardson
Passage:
Calcaneus
In humans, the calcaneus (; from the Latin calcaneus or calcaneum, meaning heel ) or heel bone is a bone of the tarsus of the foot which constitutes the heel.  In some other animals, it is the point of the hock.

Structure

In humans, the calcaneus is the largest of the tarsal bones and the largest bone of the foot. The talus bone, calcaneus, and navicular bone are considered the proximal row of tarsal bones. In the calcaneus, several important structures can be distinguished: 

The half of the bone closest to the heel is the calcaneal tubercle. On its lower edge on either side are its lateral and medial processes (serving as the origins of the abductor hallucis and abductor digiti minimi).  The Achilles tendon is inserted into a roughened area on its superior side, the cuboid bone articulates with its anterior side, and on its superior side are three articular surfaces for the articulation with the talus bone.  Between these superior articulations and the equivalents on the talus is the tarsal sinus (a canal occupied by the interosseous talocalcaneal ligament). At the upper and forepart of the medial surface of the calcaneus, below the middle talar facet, there is a horizontal eminence, the talar shelf (also sustentaculum tali), which gives attachment to the plantar calcaneonavicular (spring) ligament, tibiocalcaneal ligament, and medial talocalcaneal ligament. This eminence is concave above, and articulates with the middle calcaneal articular surface of the talus; below, it is grooved for the tendon of the flexor hallucis longus; its anterior margin gives attachment to the plantar calcaneonavicular ligament, and its medial margin to a part of the deltoid ligament of the ankle-joint.

On the lateral side is commonly a tubercle called the calcaneal tubercle (or trochlear process). This is a raised projection located between the tendons of the peroneus longus and brevis. It separates the two oblique grooves of the lateral surface of the calcaneus (for the tendons of the peroneal muscles).

Its chief anatomical significance is as a point of divergence of the previously common pathway shared by the distal tendons of peroneus longus and peroneus brevis en route to their distinct respective attachment sites.

The calcaneus is part of two joints: the proximal intertarsal joint and the talocalcaneal joint. The point of the calcaneus is covered by the calcanean bursa.

Development

In the calcaneus, an ossification center is developed during the 4th–7th week of fetal development.

Function

Three muscles attach to the calcaneus: the gastrocnemius, soleus, and plantaris. These muscles are part of the posterior compartment of the leg and aid in walking, running and jumping. Their specific functions include plantarflexion of the foot, flexion of the knee, and steadying the leg on the ankle during standing.

Clinical significance

Normally the tibia sits vertically above the calcaneus (pes rectus). If the calcaneal axis between these two bones is turned medially the foot is in an everted position (pes valgus), and if it is turned laterally the foot is in an inverted position (pes varus). 

*Calcaneal fracture, also known as Lover's fracture and Don Juan fracture

Disease

The talar shelf is typically involved in subtalar or talocalcaneal tarsal coalition.
Question:
Where is the calcaneus bone?
Answer:
Heels
Passage:
Aichmophobia
Aichmophobia (pronounced [īk-mō-fō′bē-ă]) is a kind of specific phobia, the morbid fear of sharp things,  such as pencils, needles, knives, a pointing finger, or even the sharp end of an umbrella and different sorts of protruding corners or sharp edges in furnitures and building constructions/materials. It is derived from the Greek aichmē (point) and phobos (fear). This fear may also be referred to as belonephobia or enetophobia.

Sometimes this general term is used to refer to what is more specifically called fear of needles, or needle phobia. Fear of needles is the extreme and irrational fear of medical procedures involving injections or hypodermic needles.

Not to be confused with similar condition (Avoidance behavior) the Visual looming syndrome, where the patient does not fear sharp items, but feels pain or discomfort at gazing upon sharp objects nearby.

Treatment 

Hypnotherapy 

The use of hypnotherapy which is a combination of hypnosis and therapeutic intervention, may help to control or improve the fear of sharp objects, specifically needles.  A technique called systematic desensitization exposes patients to the feared stimuli in gradual degrees while under hypnosis.  This technique has met with mixed levels of success. 

Direct conditioning 

Direct conditioning is a process used to associate desired behaviour in the subject with positive stimuli. Mary Cover Jones conducted an experiment in which she treated a patient with a fear of rabbits, by gradually moving a rabbit closer to the patient in the presence of the patient's favorite food. This continued until the patient was able to touch the rabbit without fear.  

Rare cases causing posttraumatic stress 

In rare cases, exposure to the feared object may cause posttraumatic stress disorder, which again increases the fear of the object as one also gets afraid of getting posttramatic stress. Typically, this is caused by the fear of a small fragment of the feared object getting stuck in the body after exposure.
Question:
In medicine, belonephobia is an irrational fear of what?
Answer:
Needle (disambiguation)
Passage:
Tenko (TV series)
Tenko  is a television drama, co-produced by the BBC and the ABC.  A total of thirty episodes were produced over three series between 1981 and 1984, followed by a one-off special (which was twice the length of the other episodes), Tenko Reunion, in 1985.

The series dealt with the experiences of British, Australian and Dutch women who were captured after the Fall of Singapore in February 1942, after the Japanese invasion, and held in a Japanese internment camp on a Japanese-occupied island between Singapore and Australia. Having been separated from their husbands, herded into makeshift holding camps and largely forgotten by the British War Office, the women have to learn to cope with appalling living conditions, malnutrition, disease, violence and death.

Background

Tenko was created by Lavinia Warner after she had conducted research into the internment of nursing corps officer Margot Turner (1910–1993) for an edition of This Is Your Life and was convinced of the dramatic potential of the stories of women prisoners of the Japanese.  Aside from the first two episodes, set in Singapore, which were written by Paul Wheeler, the series was written by Jill Hyem and Anne Valery.

Owing to high production costs, only the first two episodes of the first series were filmed on location in Singapore. For the majority of series 1 and 2, set in the camp, the programme was filmed in a specially constructed set in Dorset. Hankley Common was also used. 

The series takes its name from the Japanese word "tenko" (点呼/てんこ) which means "roll-call".  POWs and internees in Japanese-run camps had regular roll-calls, where they had to line up and number off or were counted in Japanese.

Major characters

The major characters who featured in all three series and the reunion telemovie were:
*Marion Jefferson (Ann Bell)—the wife of an army colonel.
*Beatrice Mason (Stephanie Cole)—a stern, officious doctor.
*Kate Norris (Claire Oberman)—a brash Australian nurse.
*Domenica Van Meyer (Elizabeth Chambers)—a vain, selfish Dutch woman.
*Christina Campbell (Emily Bolton)—a mixed-race (Chinese/Scottish) young woman.
*Dorothy Bennett (Veronica Roberts)—a young working-class housewife.
*Sister Ulrica (Patricia Lawrence)—a formidable Dutch nun.

Only Ann Bell, Stephanie Cole and Claire Oberman appeared in all thirty regular episodes plus the reunion. Episodes were missed by Elizabeth Chambers in Series 1, Emily Bolton in Series 2, Veronica Roberts in Series 1 and 3 and Patricia Lawrence in Series 2 and 3.

DVD release and books

All three series plus the Reunion Special were released in one DVD box-set in 2011 through Acorn Media UK.

Three paperback books were published in the 1980s. One covering the first series, titled Tenko, while a second called Last Tenko, covered the second and final series. The third book, written by Anne Valery, covered the Reunion. 

A book about the making of Tenko called Remembering Tenko by Andy Priestner was published in October 2012.
Question:
What did the term 'Tenko' mean in Japanese prisoner of war camps?
Answer:
Role call
Passage:
Britain's smallest songbird decling - Telegraph
Britain's smallest songbird decling - Telegraph
Wildlife
Britain's smallest songbird decling
Britain's smallest bird was almost wiped out by the cold weather this winter,    according to a new survey that found the number of gardens in which    goldcrests were spotted fell by half.
The goldcrest saw numbers plummet by three quarters. 
By Louise Gray
12:54PM BST 16 Jun 2010
The declines in the tiny bird, which at just 6g weighs less than a 10p piece, were seen throughout the UK and Ireland as the region battled with the coldest winter for several decades.
Across the British Isles, goldcrests were seen in 48 per cent fewer gardens between January and March than on average, with declines reaching 60 per cent in Scotland, the South West and the east of England. The British Trust for Ornithology (BTO) said the reduction in the number of gardens where goldcrests were resident over the winter month was an "early warning" of possible major declines in the population as a whole - as gardens would be expected to be a refuge for the birds.
In winter, they visit gardens in larger numbers to feed on fat-based foods put out by householders, and in the unusually snowy and icy conditions which gripped the UK and Ireland earlier this year they would be expected to be seen in more gardens.
The BTO warned the declines in goldcrests in gardens between January and March, observed by people taking part in its year-round weekly Garden BirdWatch, suggest a crash in the population at large.
Dr Tim Harrison, of BTO Garden BirdWatch, said goldcrests were not able to carry much in the way of food reserves and as a result were vulnerable to starvation.
Related Articles
Question:
Which is Britain's smallest songbird?
Answer:
Goldcrests
Passage:
Tonic water
Tonic water (or Indian tonic water) is a carbonated soft drink in which quinine is dissolved. Originally used as a prophylactic against malaria, tonic water usually now has a significantly lower quinine content and is consumed for its distinctive bitter flavour. It is often used in mixed drinks, particularly in gin and tonic.

History 

The drink gained its name from the effects of its bitter flavouring. The quinine was added to the drink as a prophylactic against malaria, since it was originally intended for consumption in tropical areas of South Asia and Africa, where the disease is endemic. Quinine powder was so bitter that British officials stationed in early 19th Century India and other tropical posts began mixing the powder with soda and sugar, and a basic tonic water was created. The first commercial tonic water was produced in 1858.  The mixed drink gin and tonic also originated in British colonial India, when the British population would mix their medicinal quinine tonic with gin. 

Since 2010, at least four tonic syrups have been released in the United States. Consumers add carbonated water to the syrup to make tonic water; this allows drinkers to vary the intensity of the flavour. 

Quinine content 

Medicinal tonic water originally contained only carbonated water and a large amount of quinine. However, most tonic water today contains a less significant amount of quinine, and is thus used mostly for its flavor. As a consequence, it is less bitter, and is also usually sweetened, often with high fructose corn syrup or sugar. Some manufacturers also produce diet (or slimline) tonic water, which may contain artificial sweeteners such as aspartame. Traditional-style tonic water with little more than quinine and carbonated water is less common, but may be preferred by those who desire the bitter flavor.

In the United States, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) limits the quinine content in tonic water to 83 ppm  (83 mg per liter if calculated by mass), while the daily therapeutic dose of quinine is in the range of 500–1000 mg,  and 10 mg/kg every eight hours for effective malaria prevention (2100 mg daily for a 70 kg adult).  Still, it is often recommended as a relief for leg cramps, but medical research suggests some care is needed in monitoring doses.  Because of quinine's risks, the FDA cautions consumers against using "off-label" quinine drugs to treat leg cramps. 

Uses 

Tonic water is often used as a drink mixer for cocktails, especially those made with gin or vodka (for example, a gin and tonic). Tonic water with lemon or lime flavour added is known as bitter lemon or bitter lime, respectively. Such soft drinks are more popular in the United Kingdom and Europe than in the United States.

Fluorescence 

Tonic water will fluoresce under ultraviolet light, owing to the presence of quinine. In fact, the sensitivity of quinine to ultraviolet light is such that it will appear visibly fluorescent in direct sunlight.
Question:
Which drug can be found in tonic water?
Answer:
Chinin
Passage:
The Miracles of Jesus Christ: Water Into Wine (Part One)
The Miracles of Jesus Christ: Water Into Wine (Part One)
The Miracles of Jesus Christ:
Water Into Wine (Part One)
by Martin G. Collins
Forerunner, "Bible Study," November 2006
2006-11-01
The Miracles of Jesus Christ
series:
More...
The first miracle Jesus Christ performs during His ministry is changing water into wine at a marriage feast in Cana ( John 2:1-11 ). When we compare what Christ and Moses each did with water, Jesus' miracle shows the contrast between law and grace. Moses changes water to blood, and Christ changes it into wine. Earlier, in John 1:17 , the apostle John writes, "For the law was given through Moses, [and] grace and truth came through Jesus Christ." Moses' turning of water into blood suggests judgment ( Exodus 7:14-17 ), while Jesus' turning of water into wine implies generosity and joy. In John 3:17 , John comments, "For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world [what the law does to sinners], but that the world through Him might be saved [what grace does for those who repent]."
This miracle demonstrates at the earliest possible time that Christ's ministry would be one of grace and truth, as an extension and complement of the Law and the Prophets ( Matthew 5:17-19 ). Jesus had come to fulfill God's law, that is, to teach it and live it as an example of how to apply it to everyday life ( Luke 24:44-45 ).
1. Why is John's statement that this miracle was the "beginning of signs" by Christ so important? John 2:11 .
Comment: That we are told that the miracle in Cana is the first Jesus performed discredits the false traditions that He worked miracles during the thirty years before His public ministry. It invalidates the miraculous accounts in the apocryphal gospels, which have been excluded from the Bible because of their contradictions to Scripture and their counterfeit nature. All stories about Christ's alleged miracles done prior to His public ministry are false.
2. Why does Jesus perform His first miracle at a marriage ceremony? John 2:1 .
Comment: Jesus heaps great honor on marriage by using such an event to manifest His glory. The apostle Paul writes, "Marriage is honorable among all" ( Hebrews 13:4 ), but society increasingly scorns marriage, a fact clearly seen in rampant premarital sex and divorce upon demand. Like Christ's coming, a wedding is a joyous celebration.
Jesus and at least six of His disciples were invited to the wedding, suggesting that the wedding couple were concerned about the character of their guests. As His blessing and presence are essential to marital happiness, Christ must be involved in our marriages. However, those who desire His involvement must invite Him in. Had Jesus not been invited to this wedding, a serious problem would have marred the marriage feast. We can learn that couples in whose marriage Christ is involved have a great advantage in solving problems that arise later.
3. Why was running out of wine a problem? John 2:3 .
Comment: Weddings in the ancient Near East included a strong legal side, especially regarding providing the appropriate wedding gift, of which the wedding feast was a part. When the supply of wine failed at this wedding, more than social embarrassment was at stake. The bridegroom and his family could have become financially liable for inadequate wedding provisions. The seriousness of the lack of wine (symbolizing a lack of joy) helps us to appreciate the blessing contained in the miracle Jesus performed ( Ecclesiastes 9:7-9 ).
This situation relates to the common problems couples experience in marriage, even among God's people. We cannot always stop problems from developing, but we can overcome them with the help of Christ who dwells in us and therefore within our marriages ( Romans 8:10 ).
4. Why does Jesus rebuke His mother for her seemingly innocent request? John 2:4 .
Comment: When Jesus reprimands Mary, calling her "woman" (gunai) rather than "mother" (meter), He implies that He is not conforming to her authority but acting under His Heavenly Father's authority. This statement establishes that Mary, even as His physical mother, has no authority over Jesus, destroying any belief that urges us to pray to Mary to intercede for us. On the two occasions in which Mary is seen intruding in His ministry—here and in Matthew 12:46-50 —Jesus verbally moves her aside. His rebuke censures her assumption of authority she does not have. She also seems to lack the humility with which we must go to God with our requests.
Since the Father had already predetermined Jesus' agenda, Mary's request is inappropriate because she tries to determine what He should do. The Father would not have let Mary change His plan, so He had probably already inspired Christ to perform this miracle. Obviously, Jesus does not deny Mary a solution, but He does mildly rebuke her for her attitude toward Him and His purpose.
5. What does Mary's response demonstrate? John 2:5 .
Comment: On behalf of the newlyweds and their families, Mary prudently goes to Jesus to solve their wine problem, emphasizing the value of friends and brethren praying for the marriages of others. The strength of Mary's faith is exhibited when she orders the servants to follow Jesus' instructions, confirming her acceptance of what He had said to her in verse 4. She demonstrates both meekness and faith by expressing a humble attitude. This is what service to Christ is all about, living in obedience to His every word.
© 2006 Church of the Great God
PO Box 471846
Question:
What was the nature of the event at which Jesus turned water into wine
Answer:
Civil wedding
Passage:
Potemkin Stairs
The Potemkin Stairs, or Potemkin Steps (, Potemkinsky Skhody, ) is a giant stairway in Odessa, Ukraine. The stairs are considered a formal entrance into the city from the direction of the sea and are the best known symbol of Odessa.  The stairs were originally known as the Boulevard steps, the Giant Staircase, p. 32 or the Richelieu steps. p. 119. Referencing  p. 616 p. 18, 25 p. 498 "The Richelieu Steps in Odessa were renamed the "Potemkin Steps"... p. 223 The top step is 12.5 meters (41 feet) wide, and the lowest step is 21.7 meters (70.8 feet) wide. The staircase extends for 142 meters, but it gives the illusion of greater length.  Karakina, p. 31 "13.4 and 21.7 meters wide"  The stairs were so precisely constructed as to create an optical illusion. A person looking down the stairs sees only the landings, and the steps are invisible, but a person looking up sees only steps, and the landings are invisible. 

History

Odessa, perched on a high steppe plateau, needed direct access to the harbor below it. Before the stairs were constructed, winding paths and crude wooden stairs were the only access to the harbor.

The original 200 stairs were designed in 1825 by F. Boffo, St. Petersburg architects Avraam I. Melnikov and Pot'e.   The staircase cost 800,000 rubles to build.

In 1837 the decision was made to build a "monstrous staircase", which was constructed between 1837 and 1841. An English engineer named Upton supervised the construction. Upton had fled Britain while on bail for forgery. p. 61 Greenish-grey sandstone from the Austrian port of Trieste (now in Italy) was shipped in.

As erosion destroyed the stairs, in 1933 the sandstone was replaced by rose-grey granite from the Boh area, and the landings were covered with asphalt. Eight steps were lost under the sand when the port was being extended, reducing the number of stairs to 192, with ten landings.

The steps were made famous in Sergei Eisenstein's 1925 silent film The Battleship Potemkin.

On the left side of the stairs, a funicular railway was built in 1906 to transport people up and down instead of walking.  After 73 years of operation (with breaks caused by revolution and war), the funicular was replaced by an escalator in 1970. The escalator was in turn closed in 1997 but a new funicular was opened on 2 September 2005. 

After the Soviet revolution, in 1955, the Primorsky Stairs were renamed as Potemkin Stairs to honor the 50th anniversary of the mutiny on the Battleship Potemkin.Karakina, p. 31 After Ukrainian independence, like many streets in Odessa, the previous name – 'Primorsky Stairs' was reinstated to the stairs. Most Odessites still know and refer to the stairs by their Soviet name.

Duke de Richelieu Monument

At the top of the stairs is the Duke de Richelieu Monument, depicting Odessa's first Mayor.  The Roman-toga figure was designed by the Russian sculptor, Ivan Petrovich Martos (1754–1835). The statue was cast in bronze by Yefimov and unveiled in 1826. It is the first monument erected in the city. Herlihy, p. 21

Quotes
Question:
Primorsky Stairs, a stairway of 192 steps immortalized in film lore, is a formal entrance from the direction of the Black Sea into which European city?
Answer:
Odessa City Council
Passage:
The Storm on the Sea of Galilee
The Storm on the Sea of Galilee is a painting from 1633 by the Dutch Golden Age painter Rembrandt van Rijn that was in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum of Boston, Massachusetts, United States, prior to being stolen in 1990. The painting depicts the miracle of Jesus calming the storm on the Sea of Galilee, as depicted in the fourth chapter of the Gospel of Mark in the New Testament of the Christian Bible.   It is Rembrandt's only seascape.

Theft

On the morning of March 18, 1990, thieves disguised as police officers broke into the museum and stole The Storm on the Sea of Galilee and 12 other works. It is considered the biggest art theft in US history and remains unsolved.  The museum still displays the paintings' empty frames in their original locations. 

On March 18, 2013, the FBI announced they knew who was responsible for the crime.  Criminal analysis has suggested that the heist was committed by an organized crime group. There have been no conclusions made public as the investigation is ongoing. 

In popular culture 

In The Blacklist episode "Gina Zanetakos (No. 152)" (season 1, episode 6), Raymond Reddington has possession of The Storm on the Sea of Galilee and is arranging its sale to a buyer for the buyer's wedding. In the Complete First Season DVD, it is disc 2, Episode: Gina Zanetakos [No. 152], 5:44-46 and 40:17

The painting is referenced in the movie Trance as a stolen painting by Rembrandt.

The painting is the cover of a book called, "Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk" by Peter L. Bernstein.

The painting is used as the album artwork for The Struggle, the third studio album by Tenth Avenue North.

The painting makes an appearance in the video game BioShock Infinite, hanging on a wall  

In the "Venture Brothers" villain Phantom Limb is selling the painting to a mafioso who complains that he wanted the "Mona Lisa". Limb explains the Rembrandt is not only a better painting but cheaper for the footage, as it is just over double the size.
Question:
The 1633 painting The Storm on the Sea of Galilee that depicts the miracle of Jesus calming the waves was stolen in 1990 from a Boston museum in what is considered to be the biggest art theft in history. This painting is the only known seascape of which great artist?
Answer:
Rembrandt
Passage:
Bledisloe Cup
The Bledisloe Cup is a rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia and New Zealand that has been competed for since the 1930s. The frequency at which the competition has been held and the number of matches played has varied, but , it consists of an annual three-match series, with two of the matches also counting towards The Rugby Championship. New Zealand have had the most success, winning the trophy for the 43rd time in 2015, while Australia have won 12 times.

History

There is some dispute as to when the first Bledisloe Cup match was played. The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) contend that the one-off 1931 match played at Eden Park was first. However, no firm evidence has been produced to support this claim, and minutes from a New Zealand union management meeting several days later record Lord Bledisloe wishing to present a cup for the All Blacks and Wallabies to play for. The New Zealand Rugby Union (NZRU) believe that the first match was when New Zealand toured Australia in 1932.

Between 1931 and 1981 it was contested irregularly in the course of rugby tours between the two countries. New Zealand won it 19 times and Australia four times in this period including in 1949 when Australia won it for the first time on New Zealand soil. The trophy itself was apparently 'lost' during this period and reportedly rediscovered in a Melbourne store room. In the years 1982 to 1995 it was contested annually, sometimes as a series of three matches (two in 1995) and other times in a single match. During these years New Zealand won it 11 times and Australia three times.

Since 1996 the cup has been contested as part of the annual Tri Nations tournament. Until 1998 the cup was contested in a three match series: the two Tri Nations matches between these sides and a third match. New Zealand won these series in 1996 and 1997, and Australia won it in 1998.

In 1996 and from 1999 through 2005, the third match was not played; during those years, Australia and New Zealand played each other twice as part of the Tri Nations for the cup. If both teams won one of these games, or if both games were drawn, the cup was retained by its current holder. The non-holder had to win the two games 2–0 or 1–0 (with a draw) to regain the Cup. A criticism of this system was that with the closeness in the level of ability between the two sides, years where each team won one game each were very common (1999, 2000, 2002, 2004) and in these years, many rugby fans felt dissatisfied with one team keeping the cup in a series tied at 1–1.

2006 saw the return of the 3-game contest for the Bledisloe Cup as the Tri Nations series was extended so that each team played each other 3 times. The 2007 Cup, however, reverted to the two-game contest because the Tri Nations was abbreviated that year to minimise interference with the teams' preparations for the World Cup.

In 2008 it was announced that the Bledisloe Cup would be contested over an unprecedented four matches, with three games played in Australia and New Zealand and a fourth and potentially deciding game in Hong Kong in an effort to promote the game in Asia (the first time Australia and New Zealand played in a third country outside the World Cup).  The Hong Kong match, which drew a crowd of 39,000 to see the All Blacks (which had already clinched the Bledisloe Cup) defeat the Wallabies 19–14,  proved to be a financial success for the two unions, generating a reported £5.5 million.  Even before the match, the two countries' rugby federations were considering taking Cup matches to the United States and Japan in 2009 and 2010. Japan hosted a fourth Bledisloe Test match on 31 October 2009. Each team is expected to clear at least A$3.8 million/NZ$5 million from the Tokyo match.  However a 2010 fourth match was set in Hong Kong and has struggled to attract crowds. 

The three-match format for the Bledisloe Cup continued in 2012, with the first two matches taking place as part of the 2012 Rugby Championship.

Results

Overall

Most titles won:
# New Zealand – 43 
# Australia – 12

Longest time held by Australia: 5 years (1998–2002) (5 Titles)

Longest time held by New Zealand: 28
years (1951–1978) (12 Titles)

Most titles in a row by New Zealand: (2003–2015) (13 Titles)

By Year 

Media coverage

In Australia, the Bledisloe Cup was televised between 1992 to 1995 by Network Ten. Since 1996, Fox Sports has televised it. They jointly televised it with Seven Network between 1996 to 2010, Nine Network in 2011 and 2012 and Network Ten since 2013.
Question:
What sport is the Bledisloe Cup awarded annually?
Answer:
Rugby union footballer
Passage:
What do you call a female seal? | Reference.com
What do you call a female seal? | Reference.com
What do you call a female seal?
A:
Quick Answer
A female seal is called a cow, her mate is a bull and her babies are pups; during breeding season, the three are part of a harem. There are numerous species of seals, including elephant, fur and leopard varieties.
Full Answer
Female seals deliver one pup each year. The pup nurses from four days to one month, during which time the female does not eat. She uses stored blubber for energy. After weaning, a pup learns to swim and hunt entirely on its own with instinct as his guide. Seals are warm-blooded marine mammals that live in ocean waters at all latitudes.
Question:
A group of female seals is called what?
Answer:
Hougong
Passage:
Maria Dickin
Maria Elisabeth Dickin CBE (nickname, Mia; 22 September 1870 – 1 March 1951) was a social reformer  and an animal welfare pioneer who founded the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA) in 1917. Born in 1870 in London, she was the oldest of eight children; her parents were William George Dickin, a Wesleyan minister, and Ellen Maria (née Exell). She married her first cousin, Arnold Francis Dickin, an accountant, in 1899; they had no children. She enjoyed music, literary work and philanthropy. Dickin died in London in 1951 of influenzal broncho-pneumonia. 

Legacy

The Dickin Medal is named after her.

A commemorative blue plaque was erected by English Heritage at Dickin's birthplace, 41 Cassland Road (formerly 1 Farringdon Terrace) in Hackney in October 2015.
Question:
The Dickin Medal that bears the words 'For Gallantry' and 'We Also Serve' was instituted in 1943 by Maria Dickin to honour the work of whom/what in war?
Answer:
Animal Phylogeny
Passage:
Boston Tea Party - iBoston.org
Boston Tea Party - iBoston.org
December 16, 1773
Three ships lay at Griffin's Wharf in Boston at an impasse. The Dartmouth,         the Elanor and the Beaver were guarded by just over twenty revolutionary         guards to prevent them from being unloaded. Yet Massachusetts Governor,         Thomas Hutchinson, the grandson of Anne Hutchinson would not permit the         ships to depart without unloading.
Lord         Frederick North, England's Prime Minister never expected this tea tax         to cause an outcry, let alone revolution. In 1767 England reduced its         property taxes at home. To balance the national budget they needed to         find a mechanism for the American colonies to pay for the expense of stationing         officials in them. Under the Townshed Act the officials would generate         their own revenue by collecting taxes on all imported goods, and once         paid affixing stamps on them. This Stamp Tax generated more in the way         of protests and smuggling than added revenue.
Why tea?
Recognizing this failure, Lord North repealed the stamp tax in 1773, except         for a reduced tax which remained on tea. This was both out of principal         to maintain the English ability to tax, and to support a national company,         the East India Tea Company, which had suffered revenue loss as nearly         90% of America's tea had been smuggled from foreign lands. This tea would         be the only legally imported tea in the colonies, and old at a discount         below customary prices to curtail smuggling.
American merchants recognized this monopoly took money from their pockets,         and resisted this tea monopoly. Merchants added to the revolutionary fervor.         Locally the agents of the East India company were pressured to resign         their posts, and ships were sent away unloaded from American coasts.
For         a decade Sam Adams had been inspiring revolution, this was his hour. Adams         is widely believed to have orchestrated the Boston Tea Party. A town meeting         was called for the evening of December 16th at Faneuil         Hall . All British eyes were on the meeting, which when it overfilled         Faneuil moved to the larger Old         South Church .
There was little notice of a committee which met with Governor Hutchinson         during the meeting, or the messenger who returned with news that no settlement         could be reached. But at that exact moment colonials disguised as Mohawk         Indians boarded the three ships.
As John Adams later noted, these were no ordinary Mohawks. They had already         organized themselves into boarding parties who easily took over the merchant         ships and demanded access to the cargo. Discipline prevented the participants         from vandalizing the ships, or stealing tea for personal consumption.         They destroyed 14,000 British pounds of tea, which equates to over one         million dollars in today's currency.
Lord North's reaction was fierce. 3,000 British soldiers were sent to         Boston, which equalled one fifth of the town's population. Boston's port         was closed except for military ships, self governance was suspended. In         order to house these troops, rights were given to soldiers to quarter         themselves in any unoccupied colonial building. The Old South Church,         the point were the teaparty was launched was gutted by the British and         converted to a riding arena and pub for troops.
By January of 1775 it was clear to Lord North that revolution was at hand.         He sent a peace making delegation offering to end all taxes provided the         colonies promised to pay the salaries of civil authorities regularly.         But it was too late. Events now overtook the hope of a peaceful reconciliation.         That spring, on April 16th the American Crisis turned into the American         Revolution, and Lord North tendered his resignation.
King George refused North's resignation, as he would for the duration         of the American Revolutionary war. Lord North would ultimately be known         as the Prime Minister who lost England's American colonies.
INTRODUCING
Question:
Who was British Prime Minister at the time of 'The Boston Tea Party'?
Answer:
LORD(Frederick)NORTH
