Passage:
Gandhi cap
The Gandhi cap () is a white coloured sidecap, pointed in front and back and having a wide band. It is made out of khadi. It takes its name after the Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi, who first popularised its use during the Indian independence movement. Worn commonly by Indian independence activists, it became a symbolic tradition for politicians and political activists to wear it in independent India.

Genesis

The Gandhi cap emerged in India during the First Non-cooperation movement during 1918-1921.  when it became the standard Congress dress as popularized by Gandhi. In 1921, the British government tried to ban the use of the Gandhi cap. 
Gandhi himself wore the cap only for 1–2 years during 1920-21.  

Gandhi's homespun khadi attire of traditional Indian clothes were symbolic of his message of cultural pride, the use of Swadeshi goods (as opposed to those manufactured in Europe), self-reliance and solidarity with India's rural masses. The cap became common to most followers of Gandhi and members of the Indian National Congress. A connection to the independence movement was implied when any individual wore the cap in those times.

Prisoners in South African prisons classified as "negroes" (a category into which Indians fell while Gandhi was in South Africa) also were required to wear similar caps in prison during 1907 to 1914. Gandhi's close friend Henry Polak cites Gandhi's time in South African jail, where he was classified as a "negro" and thus required to wear such a cap, as the genesis of the Gandhi Cap. 
 However Gandhi, in a letter to Kaka Kalelkar, described in detail how he based his white cap on the Kashmiri cap. 

After independence

The first generation of post-independence Indian politicians were almost universally members of the freedom struggle. Gandhi's death in 1948 gave an emotional importance to the Gandhi cap, which was regularly worn by Indian leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first Prime Minister. Succeeding prime minister such as Lal Bahadur Shastri and Morarji Desai would continue the tradition. Most members of the Indian Parliament (especially politicians and activists of the Congress party) wore khadi clothing and the Gandhi cap. Large numbers of people donned the cap when celebrating India's independence on August 15 or the promulgation of a republic on January 26.

Jawarharlal Nehru was always remembered as having worn the cap. In 1964 a coin showing Nehru in profile was released which was widely criticized for lacking the cap. Another Nehru coin was later released in 1989 on his birth centenary, which showed him wearing a cap.

In later times, the cap had lost its popular and political appeal. Although many members of the Congress party continued the tradition, rival political parties preferred to dissociate themselves from the tradition linked with the Congress. The mass acceptance of Western-style clothing had also diminished the importance of wearing Indian-style clothes for politicians.

The cap remains the most popular everyday headgear worn by men in rural parts of Maharashtra. 

In the "I Have a Dream" speech of Martin Luther King, Jr in 1963, one can see people standing behind him on stage wearing Gandhi caps. 

Re-emergence of the Gandhi cap

In 2011, the Gandhi cap once again rose in popularity in India after Anna Hazare, an eminent Gandhian from Maharashtra, started an anti-corruption movement in India. The epicenter of this movement was in Delhi. In August 2011, thousands of people wearing Gandhi caps accumulated at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi to support Anna Hazare on his fast-unto-death. This movement spilled over to many other parts of the country and stadiums, community centers and grounds were booked for assimilation of a similar nature. The mass movement witnessed people of all age groups, religions and social standings (mainly the Middle Class) as participants, many among them shouting slogans and wearing Gandhi caps.

In the 2014 election, the workers of Aam Aadmi Party widely wore the Gandhi cap with text printed on it.  BJP supporters wore a similar saffron colored cap.
Question:
What item of clothing, known as a 'topi', was popularised by Indian leaders Mahatma Gandhi, Jaraharlal Nehru, and later by anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare?
Answer:
Cap
Passage:
Andy Partridge
Andrew John "Andy" Partridge (born 11 November 1953 in Mtarfa, Malta) is an English singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He was a founding member, guitarist and chief songwriter of the pop/new wave band, XTC. He lives in Swindon, Wiltshire, where he was brought up.

Solo work and collaborations

In addition to his work with XTC, Partridge has released one solo album on Virgin Records in 1980 called Take Away/the Lure of Salvage. Partridge has also released demos of his songs under his own name in The Official Fuzzy Warbles Collector's Album and the Fuzzy Warbles album series on his APE House record label. Eight volumes of Fuzzy Warbles are now available, as well as the Fuzzy Warbles Collector's Album, which includes a bonus ninth disc Hinges. He has collaborated (as performer, writer or record producer) with recording artists, including Martin Newell, with whom he recorded and produced an album in 1993 entitled The Greatest Living Englishman released in Japan as a duo album. He has additionally worked with Peter Blegvad, Harold Budd, Jamie Cullum, Stephen Duffy, Terry Hall, The Heads, Charlotte Hatherley, Robyn Hitchcock, Jen Olive, The Residents, Thomas Dolby, David Yazbek, Miles Kane, The Nines, Pugwash and Meat Beat Manifesto. In 2010, Partridge released a limited edition CD of music inspired by science fiction illustrator Richard M. Powers' art titled Powers.  In 2012, Partridge's worked with Mike Keneally on the album Wing Beat Fantastic, a Mike Keneally release where 8 of the songs were co-written with Partridge. 

Partridge was producer for the English band Blur during the recording of Modern Life Is Rubbish. He was replaced by Stephen Street at the insistence of their record label, Food. According to Partridge he was unpaid for the sessions and received his expenses only.  Partridge also wrote four songs for Disney's version of James and the Giant Peach, but was replaced by Randy Newman when he could not get Disney to offer him "an acceptable deal".

In 2004, Partridge contributed the song "I Wonder Why the Wonder Falls" as the theme music to the short-lived TV comedy Wonderfalls. In 2006, a song he and Robyn Hitchcock collaborated on "Cause It's Love (Saint Parallelogram)", was released on the Robyn Hitchcock & the Venus 3 album Olé! Tarantula. He has also released music as part of a trio known as Monstrance, made up of his guitar, Barry Andrews (an early member of XTC) on keyboards, and Martyn Barker on drums. The group has released an album of the same name, as well as a download-only EP known as Fine Wires Humming a New Song.

Radio and film

Partridge was a regular performer on BBC Radio 1 in the mid-1980s. He has had acting roles, including a character named "Agony Andy", a spoof aunt on the Janice Long show, and he also contributed comedic sketches to Saturday Live and Studio B15, and was a regular panelist on both Roundtable and The Great Rock'n'Roll Trivia Quiz.  He has also presented the pilot for an ITV children's quiz show, Matchmakers.

Personal life

Partridge and his ex-wife Marianne have two children, Harry and Holly. Harry is an Internet animator best known for his comedic short Saturday Morning Watchmen. 

Since his divorce, Partridge has been in a long-term relationship with Erica Wexler. Multiple songs written by Partridge, including "Another Satellite" and "Seagulls Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her" have been attributed by Partridge to aspects of their ongoing relationship. Partridge met Wexler in 1984, shortly after she had split from artist Roy Lichtenstein. 

In the 1984 Channel 4 documentary Partridge revealed that he was a keen designer of board games.  He has stated on his website that he is an atheist.

Influence

Partridge has been cited as an influence by John Frusciante of Red Hot Chili Peppers in a 2002 issue of Total Guitar magazine, as well as being cited as an influence on the sound of the Red Hot Chili Peppers' album By the Way. 

Singer and multi-instrumentalist Steven Wilson named Partridge one of his favourite songwriters of all time: "What I love about Andy's music is that every song he writes has a very strong concept or idea behind it. He's not just rattling off love songs or songs about how lonely he is. Every song has a little twist to it, and it's so clever, so smart."   His favourite XTC albums are Drums and Wires and Black Sea.

Partridge mixed recordings for the band Captains of Industry. In 2007 he collaborated with former XTC bandmate Barry Andrews on the Shriekback album Glory Bumps. In 2008, Partridge began working on an album with Robyn Hitchcock and Mike Keneally, and various solo projects.
Question:
"Andy Partridge and Colin Moulding formed which Swindon band, whose albums include ""Drums and Wire,"" ""Oranges and Lemons"" and ""English Settlement""?"
Answer:
5 Senses (album)
Passage:
Barry Levinson
Barry Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American filmmaker, screenwriter, and actor. Levinson's best-known works are comedy-drama and drama films such as, Diner (1982), The Natural (1984), Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), Rain Man (1988), Bugsy (1991), and Wag the Dog (1997).    He won the Academy Award for Best Director for his work on Rain Man, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Early life

Levinson was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Violet "Vi" (née Krichinsky) and Irvin Levinson, who worked in the furniture and appliance business.   His family was of Russian Jewish descent.  

Career

Levinson's first writing work was for variety shows such as The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine, The Lohman and Barkley Show, The Tim Conway Show, and The Carol Burnett Show. After some success as a screenwriter – notably the Mel Brooks comedies Silent Movie (1976) and High Anxiety (1977) (in which he played a bellboy) and the Oscar-nominated script (co-written by then-wife Valerie Curtin) ...And Justice for All (1979) – Levinson began his career as a director with Diner (1982), for which he had also written the script and which earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Screenplay.

Diner was the first of a series of films set in the Baltimore of Levinson's youth. The others were Tin Men (1987), a story of aluminum-siding salesmen in the 1960s starring Richard Dreyfuss and Danny DeVito; the immigrant family saga Avalon (which featured Elijah Wood in one of his earliest screen appearances), and Liberty Heights (1999).

His biggest hit, both critically and financially, was Rain Man (1988), a sibling drama starring Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise (Levinson appeared in a cameo as a doctor). The film won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. It also won the Golden Bear at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Another of his notable films is the popular period baseball drama The Natural (1984), starring Robert Redford. Redford would later direct Quiz Show (1994) and cast Levinson as television personality Dave Garroway. Levinson also directed the classic war comedy Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), starring Robin Williams, with whom he later collaborated on the fantasy Toys (1992) and the political comedy Man of the Year (2006). Levinson also directed the critically acclaimed historical crime drama Bugsy (1991), which starred Warren Beatty and was nominated for ten Academy Awards.

He directed Dustin Hoffman again in Wag the Dog (1997), a political comedy co-starring Robert De Niro about a war staged in a film studio (Levinson had been an uncredited co-writer on Hoffman's 1982 hit comedy Tootsie). The film won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Levinson partnered with producer Mark Johnson to form the film production company Baltimore Pictures. The two parted ways in 1994. Levinson has been a producer or executive producer for such major productions as The Perfect Storm (2000), directed by Wolfgang Petersen; Analyze That (2002), starring De Niro as a neurotic mob boss and Billy Crystal as his therapist, and Possession (2002), based on the best-selling novel by A. S. Byatt.

He has a television production company with Tom Fontana (The Levinson/Fontana Company) and served as executive producer for a number of series, including Homicide: Life on the Street (which ran on NBC from 1993 to 1999) and the HBO prison drama Oz. Levinson also played an uncredited main role as a judge in the short-lived TV series The Jury.

Levinson published his first novel, Sixty-Six (ISBN 0-7679-1533-X), in 2003. Like several of his films, it is semi-autobiographical and set in Baltimore in the 1960s. He directed two webisodes of the American Express ads "The Adventures of Seinfeld and Superman". In 2004, Levinson was the recipient of the Austin Film Festival's Distinguished Screenwriter Award. Levinson directed a documentary PoliWood about the 2008 Democratic and Republican National Conventions. The documentary, produced by Tim Daly, Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc, had its premiere at the 2009 Tribeca Film Festival.

Levinson is in production on a film based on Whitey Bulger, the Boston crime boss.  The film Black Mass (script by Jim Sheridan, Jez Butterworth, and Russell Gewirtz) is based on the book by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill, and is said to be the "true story of Billy Bulger, Whitey Bulger, FBI agent John Connelly and the FBI's witness protection program that was created by J. Edgar Hoover." 

In September 2013, Levinson was set to direct the film titled Rock the Kasbah, written by Mitch Glazer. Bruce Willis, Shia LaBeouf, Bill Murray and Kate Hudson will star in the film. He has also finished production on The Humbling (2015), starring Al Pacino.

In 2010 Levinson received the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement, which is the lifetime achievement award from the Writers Guild of America.

Filmography

Film

Television
Question:
Which film won Oscars for Best picture, Best Director Barry Levinson and Best Actor Dustin Hoffman?
Answer:
Rainman
Passage:
Monorchism
Monorchism (also monorchidism) is the state of having only one testicle within the scrotum.

Causes

This can be due to:
* One testicle not descending into the scrotum during normal embryonic or fetal development (3–4% of 'normal' live births), also known as undescended testis or cryptorchidism. In this case the testis is within the abdominal cavity, somewhere along the normal route of descent – most commonly, within the inguinal canal. Such a testis has an increased risk of malignancy.
* One testicle may disappear during development (the so-called vanishing testis) due to some intrauterine insult. This is thought to be most likely vascular, such as testicular torsion.
* One testicle may have been surgically removed through orchiectomy.
* One testicle may be injured.

Notable cases

Due to testicular cancer

* Lance Armstrong, American bicyclist. 
* Frank Church, late U.S. Senator and a presidential aspirant in 1976. His monorchism was revealed publicly during the 1976 presidential campaign. 
* Tom Green, Canadian comedian-actor. 
* Mark Latham, former Australian politician. 
* Geoff Horsfield, English footballer. 
* Nenê, Brazilian basketball player. 
* Kevin Curtis, American football player. 
* Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party.
* Bobby Moore, English footballer and World Cup winner. 

Due to injury

* Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas, magnate of the Kingdom of Scotland, and Peer of France. Lost in 1403, while fighting at the Battle of Shrewsbury (He had previous year, lost an eye at the Battle of Homildon Hill). 
* Francisco Franco, dictator of Spain. 
* Troy Bayliss, world superbike champion in 2001, 2006 and 2008. In 2007 he lost a testicle during a race at Donington Park. 
* Brian Foster, American mixed martial artist. 

Due to cryptorchidism

* Bruce Lee, American-Chinese actor and martial arts instructor. 
* Mao Zedong, known as Chairman Mao, Chinese revolutionary. 

Monorchism in nonhuman animals

Although extremely rare, monorchism has been observed to be characteristic of some animal species, notably in beetles. 

Terminology

An individual having monorchism can be referred to as monorchid.
Question:
A monorchid has one what?
Answer:
Testical cyst
Passage:
Bill Waddington
William Joseph "Bill" Waddington (10 June 1916 – 9 September 2000), was an English music hall performer and comedian who was born in Oldham, Lancashire. In later life he achieved stardom as the pompous ex serviceman Percy Sugden in Granada Television's long-running soap opera, Coronation Street.

Biography 

Waddington was born at Oldham on 10 June 1916, the son of a builder. He played the ukulele and became a member of a group called the Blue Pencils, recruited to entertain forces during the Second World War.

After the war "Waddy" became a comedian, often appearing on the same bill as Jill Summers, who would eventually play Phyllis Pearce, Percy Sugden's foil in Granada TV's Coronation Street. In 1955 Bill was chosen for the Royal Variety Performance, and when American stars such as Frankie Laine, Lena Horne, Billy Daniels and Dorothy Lamour toured Britain, he was the opening comedian in their shows. His agent was Lew Grade.

Waddington appeared in more than 800 variety and comedy programmes on radio, and made his mark on television, starring with Margaret Lockwood as early as 1946. In the 1970s he enjoyed a stage partnership with Sid James, only ended by James's death in 1976.

He appeared as a magician in Victoria Wood's first play Talent for Granada Television in 1979.

Bill played his best known role of cantankerous pensioner Percy Sugden on Coronation Street from August 1983 until quitting the serial in October 1997.

Music 

In 1995, he released a cover of "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" along with the rest of the Coronation Street cast, the single reached No. 35 on the UK Singles Chart.

Personal life  and death 

In later life Bill became brother-in-law to the Chuckle Brothers when he married their sister Sheila. He died in Rotherham General Hospital on the morning of 9 September 2000 at the age of 84 after a 50-year acting career. He had been suffering from Parkinson's Disease. Bill had two daughters. He is interred at St Peters grave yard, Bradfield Green, Nr Crewe.

Bibliography

* "The Importance of Being Percy" by Bill Waddington and Stafford Hildred. (ISBN 1852831928), an autobiography written in 1992.
* "Percy's War" by Stafford Hildred. (ISBN 189892600X), the D-Day memories of Coronation Street's Bill Waddington published in 1994.
Question:
. Bill Waddington played which Coronation Street character?
Answer:
Percy Sugden
Passage:
1973 Women's Cricket World Cup
The 1973 Women's Cricket World Cup was the first tournament of its kind, held two years before the first limited overs World Cup for men in 1975.  The competition was won by the hosts, England.   The competition was the brainchild of businessman Sir Jack Hayward, who contributed £40,000 towards its costs.

England, Australia, New Zealand, Trinidad and Tobago and Jamaica were joined by an International XI and a Young England side in a round robin league which saw the top team win the World Cup.  England topped the group with 20 points from their six matches, including five victories and one defeat, while Australia were runners up posting 17 points with four wins. 

The final round robin match, held at Edgbaston on 28 July, was distinguished by a commanding century by Enid Bakewell of England, whose 118 formed the bedrock of England's imposing 279-3 in their 60 overs, with captain Rachel Heyhoe-Flint scoring 64.  Australia were restricted by tight England bowling and fell well short of their target, scoring 187-9.  The cup was presented by Princess Anne and the winning England team were hosted at a reception at 10 Downing Street by Prime Minister Edward Heath [http://content.cricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/393261.html].  

Bakewell, one of England's finest all time players, was the leading run-scorer in the competition with 264 runs while Rosalind Heggs, of Young England, headed the bowling aggregates with 12 wickets.  The next World Cup was held five years later in 1978.

Competition

Standings

Note: Pld Played, W 
 Wins, L Losses, T 
 Ties, A Abandonments, A 
 No results, Pts = Points.

Match log

Statistics

Batting averages

Bowling averages

Notes and references

;Notes

;References
Question:
The ICC 'Hall of Fame' was launched in 2009. Who is the only female cricketer to be inducted, captaining England to victory in the 1973 World Cup?
Answer:
RACHEL HEYHOE-FLINT
Passage:
North Pennines
The North Pennines is the northernmost section of the Pennine range of hills which runs north–south through northern England. It lies between Carlisle to the west and Darlington to the east. It is bounded to the north by the Tyne Valley and to the south by the Stainmore Gap.

Overview 

The North Pennines was designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1988 for its moorland scenery, the product of centuries of farming and lead-mining. At almost 2000 km2 it is the second largest of the 49 AONBs in the United Kingdom.

The landscape of the North Pennines AONB is one of open heather moors between deep dales, upland rivers, hay meadows and stone-built villages, some of which contain the legacies of a mining and industrial past. The area shares a boundary with the Yorkshire Dales National Park in the south and extends as far as the Tyne Valley, just south of Hadrian's Wall in the north.

In the North Pennines are: 40% of the UK's upland hay meadows; 30% of England's upland heathland and 27% of its blanket bog; 80% of England's black grouse; short-eared owl, ring ouzel, common snipe and common redshank; 36% of the AONB designated as Sites of Special Scientific Interest; red squirrels, otters and rare arctic alpine plants; 22,000 pairs of breeding waders and one of England's biggest waterfalls – High Force.

One of the many walking routes in the North Pennines is Isaac's Tea Trail, a circular route of 58 km around the area, running from Ninebanks via Allendale, Nenthead and Alston.  In addition to this, a large section of the Pennine Way falls in the AONB, including one of the most celebrated stretches through Teesdale, a lush valley with dramatic river scenery including the twin attractions of High Force and Cauldron Snout.

The AONB is notable for rare flora and fauna, including wild alpine plants not found elsewhere in Britain. It is also home to red squirrels and diverse birds of prey. The impressive landscape of the North Pennines – from High Force on the River Tees to the sweeping valley of High Cup Gill above Dufton – are the product of millions of years of geological processes. The worldwide significance of the geology found in the area was recognised in 2003 when the AONB became Britain's first European Geopark. A year later the area become one of the founding members of the UNESCO-assisted Global Geopark family. Geoparks are areas with outstanding geological heritage where this is being used to support sustainable development.

Another of the North Pennines' oddities is that it is home to England's only named wind, the Helm Wind. It has caught out many walkers traversing the plateaux around Cross Fell, the Eden Valley fellside, and the valleys between Alston and Dufton.

The great English poet W. H. Auden spent much time in this area and some forty poems and two plays are set here. Auden visited the area in 1919 and "five years later was writing poems about Alston Moor and Allendale."  He referred to the region as his "Mutterland", his "great good place", and equated it with his idea of Eden. Scores of Pennine place-names are found in his work, including Cauldron Snout and Rookhope.
Question:
23 out of the first 24 highest peaks in England lie in the Lake District with Scafell Pike being the highest. Which is the peak that does not lie in the Lake District, it is the 11th highest in England at 893 metres in height and is situated in the North Pennines ?
Answer:
Bullman Hills
Passage:
List of Presidents of the United States
Under the United States Constitution, the President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States. As chief of the executive branch and face of the federal government as a whole, the presidency is the highest political office in the United States by influence and recognition. The president is also the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The president is indirectly elected to a four-year term by an Electoral College (or by the House of Representatives, should the Electoral College fail to award an absolute majority of votes to any person). Since the ratification of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1951, no person may be elected president more than twice, and no one who has served more than two years of a term to which someone else was elected may be elected more than once.  Upon the death, resignation, or removal from office of an incumbent president, the vice president assumes the office. The president must be at least 35 years of age, has to have lived in the United States for 14 years, and has to be a "natural born" citizen of the United States.

This list includes only those persons who were sworn into office as president following the ratification of the United States Constitution, which took effect on March 4, 1789. For American leaders before this ratification, see President of the Continental Congress.  The list does not include any acting presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.

There have been 43 people sworn into office, and 44 presidencies, as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president. Of the individuals elected as president, four died in office of natural causes (William Henry Harrison,  Zachary Taylor,  Warren G. Harding,  and Franklin D. Roosevelt), four were assassinated (Abraham Lincoln,  James A. Garfield,  William McKinley,  and John F. Kennedy) and one resigned (Richard Nixon). 

George Washington, the first president, was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous vote of the Electoral College. William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office with 32 days in 1841. Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest with over twelve years, but died shortly into his fourth term in 1945; he is the only president to have served more than two terms.  A constitutional amendment, affecting presidents after Harry Truman, was passed to limit the number of times an individual can be elected president. Andrew Jackson, the seventh president, was the first to be elected by white men of all classes in 1828 after most laws barring non-land-owners from voting were repealed. Warren Harding was the first elected after women gained voting rights in 1920. Four presidents—John Q. Adams, Rutherford B. Hayes, Benjamin Harrison, and George W. Bush—lost the popular vote but assumed office; Bush was subsequently re-elected with a popular majority. John F. Kennedy has been the only president of Roman Catholic faith, and the current president, Barack Obama, is the first president of African descent. 

List of presidents

Living former presidents

Currently, there are four living former presidents. The most recent death of a former president was that of Gerald Ford (1974–77) on December 26, 2006, aged . The most recently serving president to die was Ronald Reagan (1981–89) on June 5, 2004, aged . Living former U.S. Presidents (in order of service) are:

File:Carter 2k14.tif|Jimmy Carter(1977–1981)
File:President George H. W.tif|George H. W. Bush(1989–1993)
File:Clinton 2k15.tif|Bill Clinton(1993–2001)
File:Bush 2k14.tif|George W. Bush(2001–2009)

Timeline
Question:
The 2nd and 4th presidents of the USA had the same surname. What was it?
Answer:
Adam's
Passage:
Vesti la giubba
"" ("Put on the costume", sometimes translated as "On With the Motley") is a famous tenor aria from Ruggero Leoncavallo's 1892 opera Pagliacci. "" is sung at the conclusion of the first act, when Canio discovers his wife's infidelity, but must nevertheless prepare for his performance as Pagliaccio the clown because "the show must go on".

The aria is often regarded as one of the most moving in the operatic repertoire of the time. The pain of Canio is portrayed in the aria and exemplifies the entire notion of the "tragic clown": smiling on the outside but crying on the inside. This is still displayed today, as the clown motif often features the painted-on tear running down the cheek of the performer.

Enrico Caruso's recordings of the aria, from 1902, 1904 and 1909, were among the top selling records of the 78-rpm era..The New Guinness Book of Records, ed. Peter Matthews, Guinness Publishing. 1995. p.150 

This aria is often used in popular culture, and has been featured in many renditions, mentions, and spoofs.

Lyrics

Samples

The melody of the song was utilized by the rock band Queen in their 1984 single "It's a Hard Life" when frontman Freddie Mercury sang the song's opening lyrics "I don't want my freedom, there's no reason for living with a broken heart."
Question:
"The aria ""Vesti La Giubba"" (on with the Motley) comes from which Opera?"
Answer:
Poliachi
Passage:
Sheba
Sheba (; Ge'ez: ሳባ, Saba, , Sabaʾ, South Arabian , , Šəḇā) was a kingdom mentioned in the Hebrew Bible (Old Testament) and the Quran. Sheba features in Ethiopian, Hebrew and Qur'anic traditions. Among other things it was the home of the biblical "Queen of Sheba" (named Makeda in Ethiopian tradition and Bilqīs in Arabic tradition).

The view that the biblical kingdom of Sheba was the ancient civilization of Saba in South Arabia is controversial. Israel Finkelstein and Neil Asher Silberman write that "the Sabaean kingdom began to flourish only from the eighth century BCE onward" and that the story of Solomon and Sheba is "an anachronistic seventh-century set piece meant to legitimize the participation of Judah in the lucrative Arabian trade." The British Museum states that there is no archaeological evidence for such a queen but that the kingdom described as hers was Saba, "the oldest and most important of the South Arabian kingdoms"   Kenneth Kitchen dates the kingdom to between 1200 BCE until 275 CE with its capital, Ma'rib.  The Kingdom fell after a long but sporadic civil war between several Yemenite dynasties claiming kingship,   resulting in the rise of the late Himyarite Kingdom.

Biblical tradition

The two names Sheba (spelled in Hebrew with shin) and Seba (spelled with samekh) are mentioned several times in the Bible with different genealogy. For instance, in the Generations of Noah  Seba, along with Dedan, is listed as a descendant of Noah's son Ham (as sons of Raamah, son of Cush). Later on in Genesis,  Sheba and Dedan are listed as names of sons of Jokshan, son of Abraham
Another Sheba is listed in the Table of Nations  as a son of Joktan. Another descendant of Noah's son Shem.

There are several possible reasons for this confusion.  One theory is that the Sabaean established many colonies to control the trade routes and the variety of their caravan stations confused the ancient Israelites, as their ethnology was based on geographical and political grounds and not necessarily racial.  Another theory suggests that the Sabaeans hailed from the southern Levant and established their kingdom on the ruins of the Minaeans.  It remains a theory however and cannot be confirmed.

The most famous claim to fame for the Biblical land of Sheba was the story  of the Queen of Sheba, who travelled to Jerusalem to question King Solomon, arriving in a large caravan with precious stones, spices and gold. The apocryphal Christian Arabic text Kitāb al-Magall ("Book of the Rolls", Kitāb al-Magāll.  considered part of Clementine literature) and the Syriac Cave of Treasures mention a tradition that after being founded by the children of Saba (son of Joktan), there was a succession of sixty female rulers up until the time of Solomon.

The Jewish-Roman historian Josephus describes a place called Saba as a walled, royal city of Ethiopia, which Cambyses II afterwards named Meroë. He says "it was both encompassed by the Nile quite round, and the other rivers, Astapus and Astaboras" offering protection from both foreign armies and river floods. According to Josephus it was the conquering of Saba that brought great fame to a young Egyptian Prince, simultaneously exposing his personal background as a slave child named Moses. 

Qur'anic tradition

In the Quran, Sheba is mentioned by name at 27:22 in a section that speaks of the visit of the Queen of Sheba to King Solomon Qur'an 27:20-44.   The Qur'an mentions this ancient community along with other communities that were destroyed by God.  Muslim scholars, including Ibn Kathir, related that the People of Sheba were Arabs from South Arabia. 

Ethiopian tradition 

In Orthodox Tewahedo, the Sheba (Saba in Ethiopic) who was Joktan's son is considered their primary ancestor, while Sabtah and Sabtechah, sons of Cush, are considered the ancestors of the Cushitic peoples. Traditional Yemenite genealogies also mention Saba, son of Qahtan (Joktan), however they claim Sabaean descent not from him, but from yet another Saba not mentioned in scripture, who was said to be a grandson of Ya'rub and a great-grandson of Qahtan.

In the medieval Ethiopian Kebra Nagast, Sheba was located in Ethiopia.  Some scholars therefore point to a region in the northern Tigray Region and Eritrea, which was once called Saba (later called Meroë), as a possible link with the biblical Sheba.  Donald N. Levine linka Sheba with Shewa (also written as Shoa, the province where modern Addis Ababa is located) in Ethiopia. 

Speculation on location

The location of the kingdom mentioned in the Bible was long disputed.  Israel Finkelstein and Neil Asher Silberman suggest that the kingdom was located in southern Arabia. 

Owing to the connection with the Queen of Sheba, the location has become closely linked with national prestige, and various royal houses claimed descent from the Queen of Sheba and Solomon. According to the medieval Ethiopian work Kebra Nagast, Sheba was located in Ethiopia. Ruins in many other countries, including Sudan, Egypt, Ethiopia and Iran have been credited as being Sheba, but with only minimal evidence. There has even been a suggestion of a link between the name "Sheba" and that of Zanzibar (Shan Sheba); and even a massive earthen monument of the Yoruba people in Nigeria known as Sungbo's Eredo is held by tribal tradition to have been built in honour of the powerful queen Oloye Bilikis Sungbo, who is often equated with the Bilqis of Arabic legend.
Question:
In which present day country is the Biblical land of Sheba?
Answer:
Yemen AR
Passage:
Tommy and Tuppence
Tommy and Tuppence are two fictional detectives, recurring characters in the work of Agatha Christie. Their full names are Thomas Beresford and Prudence Beresford (née Cowley).
The first time Tommy and Tuppence appeared in a Christie novel was in The Secret Adversary (1922). They started out their career as accidental blackmailers  (all in search of adventure and money), but the detecting life soon proved more profitable and much more exciting.

Novels

Tommy and Tuppence appear together in four full-length novels and one collection of short stories    The collection of short stories is Partners in Crime, (1929, each story reminiscent of another writer's work); the four novels are The Secret Adversary (1922),  N or M? (1941), By the Pricking of My Thumbs (1968); and Postern of Fate (1973).  Postern of Fate was the last novel Christie ever wrote, although not the last to be published.

Detectives

Tuppence appears as a charismatic, impulsive and intuitive person, while Tommy is less imaginative, and less likely to be diverted from the truth (as their first adversary sums him up "he is not clever, but it is hard to blind his eyes to the facts"). They therefore make a good team. It is in this first book The Secret Adversary that they meet up after the war, and come to realise that, although they have been friends for most of their lives, they have now fallen in love with each other.

Unlike many other recurring detective characters, including the better known Christie detectives, Tommy and Tuppence aged in time with the real world, being in their early twenties in The Secret Adversary and in their seventies in Postern of Fate. In their early appearances, they are portrayed as typical upper middle class "bright young things" of the 1920s,  and the stories and settings have a more pronounced period-specific flavour than the stories featuring the better known Christie characters. As they age, they're revealed to have raised three children – twins Deborah and Derek and an adopted daughter, Betty. Throughout the series they employ a man named Albert, who first appears as a lift boy who helps them in The Secret Adversary; and subsequently, as a now married pub owner, renders vital assistance to the pair in N or M?. In Partners in Crime, Albert becomes their hapless assistant at a private detective agency; by Postern of Fate he's their butler and has now been widowed. In Postern of Fate they also have a small dog named Hannibal.

Adaptations

In 1953 the BBC adapted Partners in Crime as a radio series starring Richard Attenborough and Sheila Sim.

The Tommy and Tuppence characters have been portrayed on television by James Warwick and Francesca Annis, first in the feature-length The Secret Adversary (1982), and then in the 10 episode series Agatha Christie's Partners in Crime (1983).

The novel By the Pricking of My Thumbs was adapted in 2005 by the French director Pascal Thomas with the title Mon petit doigt m'a dit.... The movie casts André Dussolier as Tommy (renamed Bélisaire) and Catherine Frot as Prudence Beresford. The action is transposed to Savoie in France. A second movie, Le crime est notre affaire, came out in 2008. Le crime est notre affaire is named after Partners in Crime and stars the Beresfords, but its story is based on 4.50 From Paddington, which was originally a novel starring Miss Marple. A third film Associés contre le crime is very, very loosely based (to the point of being unrecognisable) on one of the stories in Partners in Crime.

An adaptation of By the Pricking of My Thumbs appeared in 2006 as an episode of the Granada television series Marple even though Christie did not write Marple into the original story. In this version, Tommy and Tuppence were played by Anthony Andrews and Greta Scacchi respectively, but, unlike in the book, Miss Marple and Tuppence play the detective roles while Tommy is away on intelligence (MI6) business.

BBC television began broadcasting two adaptations, comprising six episodes in 2015. Set in the 1950s and titled Partners in Crime, it starred David Walliams as Tommy  and Jessica Raine as Tuppence.
Question:
Tuppence and Tommy are fictional detectives, recurring characters in whose books?
Answer:
Christie Estate
Passage:
A Private Function
A Private Function is a 1984 British comedy film starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith. The film was predominantly filmed in Ilkley, Ben Rhydding, and Barnoldswick West Yorkshire.  The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival. 

Synopsis

In a small Northern English town in 1947 the citizens endure continuing food rationing. Some local businessmen want to hold a party to celebrate the royal wedding of Princess Elizabeth to Prince Philip and illegally decide to raise a pig for that occasion. However, the pig gets stolen by Gilbert Chilvers (Michael Palin), who was encouraged to do so by his wife Joyce (Maggie Smith). Meanwhile a food inspector is determined to stop activities circumventing the food rationing.

Cast

*Michael Palin ... Gilbert Chilvers
*Maggie Smith ... Joyce Chilvers
*Denholm Elliott ... Dr Charles Swaby
*Richard Griffiths ... Henry Allardyce the Accountant
*Tony Haygarth ... Leonard Sutcliff the Farmer
*John Normington ... Frank Lockwood the Solicitor
*Bill Paterson ... Morris Wormold the Meat Inspector
*Liz Smith ... Joyce's Mother
*Alison Steadman ... Mrs Allardyce
*Jim Carter ... Inspector Noble
*Pete Postlethwaite ... Douglas J. Nuttol the Butcher
*Rachel Davies ... Mrs Forbes, Mr Wormold's landlady

Production

Three pigs were used in the filming of A Private Function, all named Betty. Producer Mark Shivas was advised by Intellectual Animals UK that the pigs used should be female and six months old so as to not be too large or aggressive. However, the pigs were "unpredictable and often quite dangerous". During filming of one of the kitchen scenes, Maggie Smith was hemmed in by one of the pigs and needed to vault over the back of it in order to escape. 

Awards

The film won three BAFTA Film Awards: best actress for Maggie Smith, best supporting actress for Liz Smith and best supporting actor for Denholm Elliott. It was also nominated for Best Original Screenplay (Alan Bennett) and Best Film.

Musical adaptation

A musical based on the film opened in the West End in April 2011, under the new title Betty Blue Eyes. It was produced by Cameron Mackintosh and ran for several months at the Novello Theatre. It starred Reece Shearsmith (of The League of Gentlemen fame) as Gilbert, and actress Sarah Lancashire as Joyce.
Question:
The new musical 'Betty Blue Eyes' is based on the film 'A Private Function' which starred Michael Palin and Maggie Smith 'Betty' is stolen at the time of the 1947 wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip. What kind of animal is 'Betty'?
Answer:
Pig (film)
Passage:
Eos
In Greek mythology, Ēōs (; Ionic and Homeric Greek , Attic  Éōs, "dawn", or; Aeolic  Aúōs, Doric  Āṓs) is a Titaness and the goddess  of the dawn, who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the Oceanus.

Eos had a brother and a sister, Helios, god of the sun, and Selene, goddess of the moon.

Etymology

Eos is cognate to Vedic Sanskrit Ushas and Latin Aurora (Old Latin Ausosa), both goddesses of dawn, and all three considered derivatives of a PIE stem *h₂ewsṓs  (later *Ausṓs), "dawn", a stem that also gave rise to Proto-Germanic *Austrō, Old Germanic *Ōstara and Old English Ēostre/Ēastre. This agreement leads to the reconstruction of a Proto-Indo-European dawn goddess.

Greek literature 

The dawn goddess Eos was almost always described with rosy fingers (ῥοδοδάκτυλος, rhododáktylos) or rosy forearms (ῥοδόπηχυς, rhodópēkhys) as she opened the gates of heaven for the Sun to rise.  In Homer,  her saffron-coloured robe is embroidered or woven with flowers;  rosy-fingered and with golden arms, she is pictured on Attic vases as a beautiful woman, crowned with a tiara or diadem and with the large white-feathered wings of a bird.

From The Iliad:

Quintus Smyrnaeus pictured her exulting in her heart over the radiant horses (Lampus and Phaëton) that drew her chariot, amidst the bright-haired Horae, the feminine Hours, climbing the arc of heaven and scattering sparks of fire. 

She is most often associated with her Homeric epithet "rosy-fingered" (rhododactylos), but Homer also calls her Eos Erigeneia:

Hesiod wrote:

Thus Eos, preceded by the Morning Star, is seen as the genetrix of all the stars and planets; her tears are considered to have created the morning dew, personified as Ersa or Herse.{Ovid, Metamorphoses 13.621-2}
Eos is the daughter of Hyperion, a bringer of light, the One Above, Who Travels High Above the Earth and of Theia, The Divine. Her brother was the Sun god Helios, and her sister was Selene, the Moon goddess. Her team of horses pull her chariot across the sky and are named in the Odyssey as Firebright and Daybright.

She was the Mother of several notable offspring, including the Winds, Zephyrus, Boreas, and Notus, and the Morning Star, Eosphoros, all of whom she bore to the Titan Astraeus ("of the Stars"), and Memnon, her son by Tithonus.

This rosy-fingered, saffron-robed and golden-throned goddess, who goes up to Olympus to announce the light to the immortals, fell in love several times, and some say it was Aphrodite who cursed her to be perpetually in love, because once had Eos lain with Aphrodite's sweetheart Ares, god of war.

Genealogy

Eos is the daughter of Hyperion and Theia and sister of Helios the sun and Selene the moon, "who shine upon all that are on earth and upon the deathless gods who live in the wide heaven." Hesiod told in Theogony (371-374). The generation of Titans preceded all the familiar deities of Olympus, who largely supplanted them.

Lovers and children

According to Pseudo-Apollodorus, Eos consorted with the war god Ares and was thereupon cursed with unsatisfiable sexual desire by the jealous Aphrodite.  This caused her to abduct a number of handsome young men, most notably Cephalus, Tithonus, Orion, and Cleitus. The good-looking Cleitus was made immortal by her.  She also asked for Tithonus to be made immortal, but forgot to ask for eternal youth, which resulted in him living forever as a helpless old man. 

According to Hesiod  by Tithonus Eos had two sons, Memnon and Emathion. Memnon fought among the Trojans in the Trojan War and was slain. Her image with the dead Memnon across her knees, like Thetis with the dead Achilles are icons that inspired the Christian Pietà.

The abduction of Cephalus had special appeal for an Athenian audience because Cephalus was a local boy,  and so this myth element appeared frequently in Attic vase-paintings and was exported with them. In the literary myths  Eos kidnapped Cephalus when he was hunting and took him to Syria. The second-century CE traveller Pausanias was informed that the abductor of Cephalus was Hemera, goddess of Day.  Although Cephalus was already married to Procris, Eos bore him three sons, including Phaeton and Hesperus, but he then began pining for Procris, causing a disgruntled Eos to return him to her — and put a curse on them. In Hyginus' report,  Cephalus accidentally killed Procris some time later after he mistook her for an animal while hunting; in Ovid's Metamorphoses vii, Procris, a jealous wife, was spying on him and heard him singing to the wind, but thought he was serenading his ex-lover Eos.

Etruscan interpretations

Among the Etruscans, the generative dawn-goddess was Thesan. Depictions of the dawn-goddess with a young lover became popular in Etruria in the fifth century, probably inspired by imported Greek vase-painting.  Though Etruscans preferred to show the goddess as a nurturer (Kourotrophos) rather than an abductor of young men, the late Archaic sculptural acroterion from Etruscan Cære, now in Berlin, showing the goddess in archaic running pose adapted from the Greeks, and bearing a boy in her arms, has commonly been identified as Eos and Cephalus.  On an Etruscan mirror Thesan is shown carrying off a young man, whose name is inscribed as Tinthu. 

Roman interpretations

The Roman equivalent of Eos is Aurora, also a cognate showing the characteristic Latin rhotacism. Dawn became associated in Roman cult with Matuta, later known as Mater Matuta. She was also associated with the sea harbors and ports, and had a temple on the Forum Boarium. On June 11, the Matralia was celebrated at that temple in honor of Mater Matuta; this festival was only for women during their first marriage.
Question:
Who is the Roman goddess of the dawn?
Answer:
Polar Light
Passage:
Little bustard
The little bustard (Tetrax tetrax) is a large bird in the bustard family, the only member of the genus Tetrax. The genus name is from Ancient Greek and refers to a gamebird mentioned by Aristophanes and others.

It breeds in southern Europe and in western and central Asia. Southernmost European birds are mainly resident, but other populations migrate further south in winter. The central European population once breeding in the grassland of Hungary became extinct several decades ago.

This species is declining due to habitat loss throughout its range. It used to breed more widely, for example ranging north to Poland occasionally. It is only a very rare vagrant to Great Britain despite breeding in France.

Although the smallest Palearctic bustard, the little bustard is still pheasant-sized at 42 – long with a 90 – wingspan and a weight of 830 g. In flight, the long wings are extensively white. The breeding male is brown above and white below, with a grey head and a black neck bordered above and below by white.

The female and non-breeding male lack the dramatic neck pattern, and the female is marked darker below than the male. Immature bustards resemble females. Both sexes are usually silent, although the male has a distinctive "raspberry-blowing" call: prrt.

This species is omnivorous, taking seeds, insects, rodents and reptiles. Like other bustards, the male little bustard has a flamboyant display with foot stamping and leaping in the air. Females lay 3 to 5 eggs on the ground.

This bird's habitat is open grassland and undisturbed cultivation, with plants tall enough for cover. It has a stately slow walk, and tends to run when disturbed rather than fly. It is gregarious, especially in winter.

On 20 December 2013, the Cypriot newspapers 'Fileleftheros' and 'Politis', as well as news website 'SigmaLive', reported the discovery of a dead little bustard in the United Nations Buffer Zone. The bird had been shot by poachers hunting illegally in the zone. The shooting was particularly controversial amongst conservationists and birders since the little bustard is a very rare visitor to Cyprus and had not been officially recorded in Cyprus since December 1979.
Question:
The Little (Tetrax Tetrax) and Great (Otis Tarda) are which birds?
Answer:
Bustards
Passage:
Venice Gondolas and Gondola Rides - Europe for Visitors
Venice Gondolas and Gondola Rides
Gondolas and Gondola Rides
How to hire a gondolier in Venice, plus a money-saving alternative to gondolas on the Grand Canal.
By Durant Imboden
There are two important rules to remember about gondola rides in Venice:
If the price bothers you, don't do it.
If the price doesn't bother you, make sure you understood the gondolier correctly.
Fact is, a gondola cruise in Venice is like traveling by hansom cab in New York's Central Park: It can be a delightful experience, but only if you're able to forget the price and focus on the ride.
ABOVE: A gondola carries up to six passengers. INSET BELOW: A gondolier in a traditional straw hat, happy gondola passengers, and a squero where gondolas are built and repaired.
What a gondola ride costs
The city of Venice sets official rates for gondola rides, which started at €80 for 40 minutes the last time we checked. Additional 20-minute increments are  €40. After 7 p.m., the base rate climbs to €100, with €50 for an additional 20 minutes. Up to six people can share a gondola.
This doesn't mean you'll actually pay 80 euros, or that you'll get a 40-minute ride. Depending on demand, gondoliers may regard the official rates as a polite fiction. Special services, such as singing, can boost the fare even more. This means you should negotiate both the rate and the length of the ride before you get into the boat. Otherwise, your gondola ride may be memorable for reasons that have nothing to do with sightseeing.
If you dislike negotiating, you can leave that chore to your hotel concierge, though he (or she) may add a hefty surcharge. A few years ago, a reader told us that he'd paid the Hotel Bauer's concierge €120 for a gondola ride just before Carnevale , but he added that he didn't mind the rate and got great service. Another reader (presumably well-heeled) spent a mind-boggling €150 for a 50-minute ride and thought the expenditure was "well worth it."
To be fair to Venice's gondoliers, they invest a great deal in their boats: about €20,000 for a traditional hand-built wooden gondola with a useful life of about 20 years. They need to earn the bulk of their annual income in a few short months.
Finally, a gondolier's living costs may be higher than yours, since Venice is an expensive city in one of Italy's wealthiest provinces. Look it at this way: The man who's rowing you up the Grand Canal probably could earn more money for less work at an industrial plant on the mainland.
Question:
In which city would you travel in a gondola?
Answer:
Sestiere (Venice)
Passage:
Goodwood Racecourse
Goodwood Racecourse is a horse-racing track five miles north of Chichester, West Sussex, in England controlled by the family of the Duke of Richmond, whose seat is nearby Goodwood House. It hosts the annual Glorious Goodwood meeting, which is one of the highlights of the British flat racing calendar, and is home to two of the UK's 31 Group One flat races, the Sussex Stakes and the Nassau Stakes.

It is considered to enjoy a very attractive setting  to the north of Trundle Iron Age hill fort, which is used as an informal grandstand with views of the whole course. One problem is that its proximity to the coast means that it can get very foggy.

This is an unusual, complex racecourse with a straight six furlongs — the "Stewards' Cup Course" — which is uphill for the first furlong and mostly downhill thereafter. There is a tight right-handed loop at the far end of the straight on which there are starts for various longer distance courses. These include the 1 mile 2 furlongs (1m 2f) "Craven Course", the 1m 4f "Gratwicke Course" and the 1m 6f "Bentinck Course". The start for the 2m 5f "Cup Course" is quite close to the winning post – horses travel outwards on the straight, around the loop and back. Throughout the loop there are severe undulations and sharp turns. The course is used for flat racing only.

From 1968 to 1970 the course's late summer meeting was shown on ITV, and from the early 2000s some races from the course occasionally appeared on Channel 4, but otherwise the course had been covered exclusively by the BBC for 50 years from 1956 (when it first appeared on television) to 2006. From 2007, the rights have passed to Channel 4 Racing.

In the late 18th century, Goodwood became the location for the first flag start on a British racecourse, at the behest of Lord George Bentinck, after a particularly shambolic start involving jockey Sam Arnull caused by an elderly deaf starter with a speech impediment.  

Notable races 

;Other races
* Conqueror Stakes
* Festival Stakes
* On The House Stakes
* Starlit Stakes
* Tapster Stakes
Question:
Goodwood Race Course is in which English county?
Answer:
West sussex
Passage:
Amethyst: The purple Quartz mineral Amethyst information ...
Amethyst: The purple Quartz mineral Amethyst information and pictures
Advertising Information
The Mineral amethyst
Amethyst is a well known mineral and gemstone. It is the purple variety of the mineral Quartz , and its most valuable and prized variety. Its name derives from the Greek "amethystos", which means "not drunken", as Amethyst in antiquity was thought to ward off drunkenness. The color of some Amethyst specimens from certain localities slowly fade upon prolonged exposure to light. When used as a gemstone, Amethyst is often heat treated to deepen the color, or to transform it into Citrine . Some varieties may also change to a light green color, which is given the trade name "Prasiolite", or "Green Amethyst", as it is more commonly known in the gem trade.
Amethyst is most prevalent as small stubby pyramidal crystals, although several localities such as the Mexican occurrences are well-known for producing elegantly tall prismatic crystals, which are very highly regarded by collectors. Amethyst also forms the internal lining of geode s, some of which can be over 10 feet tall and weighing several tons.
For additional information, see the gemstone section on Amethyst .
USES
Amethyst is one of the most popular gems. It has a beautiful color and is fairly common, making it an inexpensive and widely used gem. Most Amethyst is faceted into jewelry cuts, and some are cut as cabochon s. Large, massive chunks of Amethyst banded with Quartz is sometimes carved into ornaments.
Amethyst is also very popular among mineral collectors. Small geode sections and tumbled stones are sold to amateur collectors, while more serious collectors go for the rare prismatic crystals and giant geode sections.
NOTEWORTHY LOCALITIES
Amethyst is a very common mineral and is found worldwide. Only a select few of the most famous localities will be mentioned here.
Tall, prismatic , well-shaped crystals are restricted to several Mexican localities: Piedras Parado and Las Vigas de Ramirez, both in Veracruz; and Amatitlan, in Guerro. They occur in elongated crystals that are rarely faceted , since collectors pay well for these rarities. Another excellent Mexican locality is Guanajuato, where plates of stubby crystals are found.
Enormous quantities of Amethyst come from Minas Gerais, Brazil, which contains the famous Rio Grande do Sul, where huge crystal-lined Amethyst geode s are found, especially in Ametista do Sul. Another South American country, Uruguay, produces deeply colored crystals in large geodes and pipe s in Artigas, near the Brazilian border. Another good South American locality, which is especially noted for Ametrine , is the Anahi Mine, Santa Cruz, Bolivia.
Large amounts of Amethyst are found both in Namibia and South Africa -- these are often labeled in the jewelry industry as "African Amethyst". In Namibia, an interesting occurrence is the Goboboseb Mountains, near Brandberg, in the Erongo Mountains, where crystals are zoned in lighter to darker colors. In South Africa, extensive deposits are in Boekenhoutshoek (Magaliesberg), Mkobola district, where the Amethyst occurs with a spiky overgrowth of small crystals (popularly called " Cactus Quartz "). Very dark and clear Amethyst was once found  in Russia in the Ural Mountains and  Siberia; and a drusy , lilac-colored Amethyst in globular  associations has recently come from Nyiri, in northeastern Hungary.
There are two notable Canadian occurrences. One is Thunder Bay, Ontario, where specimens contain an internal coating of red Hematite . The other locality is the area of Digby, Nova Scotia, where naturally rounded, waterworn Amethyst pebbles are found on the beaches along the Bay of Fundy.
In the U.S., fine Amethyst crystals comes from the Four Peaks (in the  Mazatzal Mountains), Gila Co., Arizona; in the Pohndorf Mine, Jefferson Co., Montana; Crystal Park, Beaverhead Co., Montana; the Pennoyer Mine at Redfeather Lakes, Larimer Co., Colorado; and at Deer Hill, Oxford Co., Maine. There are several good localities in the Carolinas, specifically Statesville, Iredell Co., North Carolina; the Reel Mine, Iron Station, Lincoln Co., North Carolina; and Abbeville Co., South Carolina (the Diamond Hill Quartz Mine and the Ellis Jones Mine). A recently productive location producing deep purple crystals is Jackson's Crossroads, Wilkes Co., Georgia. Diamond Hill in Ashaway, Hopkinton, Washington Co., Rhode Island is known for the rare scepter s that were found there. Amethyst is also found in the traprock quarries of Passaic Co., New Jersey, specifically at the Upper New Street Quarry in Paterson and at Prospect Park.
Question:
Amethyst is a variety of?
Answer:
Rose quartz
Passage:
Tom Robinson Band- Grey Cortina - YouTube
Tom Robinson Band- Grey Cortina - YouTube
Tom Robinson Band- Grey Cortina
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Published on Nov 19, 2015
From- Power in the Darkness(1978)
Category
Question:
The Tom Robinson Band sang about what colour Cortina in 1978?
Answer:
Greyer
