Passage:
Lonely (Akon song)
"Lonely" (also known as "Mr. Lonely") is a song by Senegalese-American R&B and hip hop singer Akon; it appears on his debut album, Trouble. The single was released in 2005 and was his first worldwide hit. It reached number one in several countries, including in the United Kingdom and Germany (where it stayed there for eight weeks), and Australia. It was also highly popular in France where it reached number two, and in the United States when it peaked at #4. An edited version was on Radio Disney and on Radio Disney Jams, Vol. 8.

Background

When Akon was signed by Universal imprint SRC Records it was "Lonely" that had immediately caught the attention of SRC A&R Jerome Foster and convinced him of Akon's talents.  On hearing the demo track he had said, "This kid is official - this is a huge record." Despite offering the album's best option in terms of commercial breakthrough, SRC Records chose "Locked Up" over "Lonely" as the first single because SRC wanted to break Akon in the streets first and work towards a cross-over. According to Foster in an interview with HitQuarters, ""Locked Up" is a street record. I thought that was the place for us to start to get a fan-base knowing that we had a record like "Lonely", which was more commercial, to follow it."

Writing and inspiration

The song uses sped-up samples from Bobby Vinton's song "Mr. Lonely", providing a vocal sound similar to Alvin and the Chipmunks, made famous by producers such as RZA of Wu-Tang Clan, Newcleus and Kanye West. The song is written by Akon, Bobby Vinton, and Gene Allen. The lyrics are sung mainly by Akon as well as Bobby Vinton doing parts of the choruses.

Music video

A music video was produced to promote the single. The video was directed by Gil Green. Actress Katerina Graham starred in the video as Akon's love partner. A competition winner from Blackpool, Daniel Ellwood, also starred in the video.

Track listing

; UK CD1 
# "Lonely" (Clean Version) - 3:58
# "Trouble Nobody" (Explicit) - 3:21

; UK CD2 
# "Lonely" (UK Radio Edit) - 3:33
# "Trouble Nobody" (Clean) - 3:21
# "Kill The Dance (Got Something For Ya)" (Feat. Kardinal Offishall) - 2:54
# "Lonely" (Video) - 3:58

; US CD single 
# "Lonely" (Clean Version) - 3:58
# "Lonely" (Instrumental Version) - 3:58
# "Belly Dancer (Bananza)" (Snippet) - 1:31

Charts

The song was a #1 hit in several countries including Australia, Austria, Denmark, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Belgium and Switzerland. The song reached #2 in France, Norway and Sweden. The song also reached #19 in Finland.  As of August 2014, it is the 106th best-selling single of the 21st century in France, with 294,000 units sold.

Chart positions

Year-end charts

Decade-end charts

Certifications

 

Chart succession
Question:
Which singer released the single ‘Lonely’ in 2005?
Answer:
Give It to 'Em
Passage:
Seriema
The seriemas are the sole living members of the small bird family Cariamidae, which is also the only surviving lineage of the order Cariamae. Once believed to be related to cranes, they have been placed near the falcons, parrots and passerines, as well as the extinct terror birds.Hackett, S. J. et al. (2008) A Phylogenomic Study of Birds Reveals Their Evolutionary History. Science 320(5884):1763–1768 10.1126/science.1157704  The seriemas are large, long-legged territorial birds that range from 70 to 90 cm. They live in grasslands, savanna, dry woodland and open forests of Brazil, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. There are two species of seriemas, the red-legged seriema (Cariama cristata) and the black-legged seriema (Chunga burmeisteri).  Names for these birds in the Tupian languages are variously spelled as siriema, sariama, and çariama, and mean "crested". 

Description

Both species are around 90 cm long (the red-legged seriema is slightly bigger than the black-legged, with 90 and 70–85 cm respectively). They forage on foot and run from danger rather than fly (though they can fly for short distances, and they roost in trees). They have long legs, necks, and tails, but only short wings, reflecting their way of life. They are among the largest ground-dwelling birds endemic of the Neotropics (only behind rheas).

They are brownish birds with short bills and erectile crests, found on fairly dry open country, the red-legged seriema preferring grasslands and the black-legged seriema preferring scrub and open woodland. They give loud, yelping calls and are often heard before they are seen. They have sharp claws, with an extensible and very curved second toe claw.

Image:Blacklegged.jpg|The black-legged seriema (Chunga burmeisteri) is smaller and has a more restricted distribution.
Image:Cariama_cristata_(Rotfußseriema_-_Red-legged_Seriema)_-_Weltvogelpark_Walsrode_2013-01.jpg|The frontal crest of the red-legged seriema (Cariama cristata) is unique among Neotropical birds.
Image:Cariama-cristata-DC.jpg|The seriemas have short wings and rarely take flight.
File:Red-legged seriema (Cariama cristata) head.JPG|Cariama cristatathe Pantanal, Brazil

Behaviour and ecology

Ecologically, the seriema is the South American counterpart of the secretary bird. They feed on insects, snakes, lizards, frogs, young birds, and rodents, with small amounts of plant food (including maize and beans). They often associate with grazing livestock, probably to take insects the animals disturb. When seriemas catch small reptiles, they beat the prey on the ground (Redford and Peters 1986) or throw it at a hard surface to break resistance and also the bones. If the prey is too large to swallow whole, it will be ripped into smaller pieces with a sickle claw by holding the prey in the beak and tearing it apart with the claw.

In contact with humans, the seriemas are always suspicious and if they feel threatened by them, usually spread its wings and face them. They walk in pairs or small groups. Although perfectly capable of flying, they prefer to spend most of their time on land. They only take flight when necessary, so as to escape a predator. Overnight they take shelter in the treetops, where they also build their nests.

Seriemas build bulky stick nests. They lay two or three white or buff eggs sparsely spotted with brown and purple. The female does most of the incubation, which lasts from 24 to 30 days.  Hatchlings are downy but stay in the nest for about two weeks; then they jump down and follow both parents. They reach full maturity at the age of four to five months.

Classification

There are two living species of seriemas. The red-legged seriema, or crested cariama (Cariama cristata) is found from eastern Brazil, to central Argentina. It is bigger and nests on the ground or in bushes or trees up to 3 m above the ground. The black-legged seriema (Chunga burmeisteri) is found in northwest Argentina and Paraguay. It nests in trees.

These birds are thought to be the closest living relatives of a group of gigantic (up to 10 ft tall) carnivorous "terror birds", the phorusrhacids, which are known from fossils from South and North America. Several other related groups, such as the idiornithids and bathornithids were part of Palaeogene faunas in North America and Europe and possibly elsewhere too. However, the fossil record of the seriemas themselves is poor, with two prehistoric species, Chunga incerta from the Pliocene of Argentina and Noriegavis santacrucensis from the Miocene of Argentina, having been described to date.  Some of the fossils from the Eocene fauna of the Messel Pit (i.e. Salimia and Idiornis) have also been suggested to be seriemas,  as has the massive predatory Paracrax from the Oligocene of North America,  though their status remains uncertain.
Question:
A seriema is what type of creature?
Answer:
Avians
Passage:
Ketevan (album)
Ketevan is the sixth studio album by Georgian-British singer Katie Melua, released in the United Kingdom on 16 September 2013 through Dramatico.  At birth Melua was given the name Ketevan, but later she adopted the name Katie.

Promotion

The lead single promoting the album, "I Will Be There", was released on 12 July 2013,  together with an accompanying music video of a concert version of the song. 

A music video for "Love Is a Silent Thief" was released onto YouTube on 13 September 2013.  A video for "The Love I'm Frightened Of" was released on 7 October. 

Track listing

Personnel

*Katie Melua – vocals
*Tim Harries – bass
*Mike Batt – piano, accordion, harmonium, backing vocals
*Dan Hawkins – bass
*Luke Batt – guitar, piano, drums, percussion
*Joe Yoshida – drums
*Henry Spinetti – drums, percussion
*Chris Spedding – guitar
*Freddie Hill – drums
*Paul Stevens – clarinet
*John Parricelli – ukulele, guitar, banjo
*Paul Jones – harmonica
*Fabien Taverne – ukulele

Charts

Weekly charts

Year-end charts
Question:
Ketevan 'Katie' Melua was bom in 1984 in which Soviet Socialist Republic, now an independent country?
Answer:
Western Georgia
Passage:
Yorkshire Bank
Yorkshire Bank is a bank operating in England as a trading division of Clydesdale Bank and is ultimately owned by CYBG plc. It mostly operates in the North of England, especially in Yorkshire. In 2006 underlying profit rose 16.7 per cent to £454 million compared with a year earlier, while post-tax earnings climbed 12.8 per cent to £229 million. Total income was up 8.7 per cent at £1,193 million, while net interest income climbed 14.6 per cent to £769 million. 

History

The bank was established on 1 May 1859 by Colonel Edward Akroyd of Halifax. Based in Leeds it was known as the West Riding Penny Savings Bank. It had originally been planned as a provident society but the status of savings bank was eventually chosen.

The bank was registered under the Friendly Societies Act and individual deposits were restricted to £30 per annum, up to a cumulative balance of £150. Within a year the bank had opened 24 branches, and a further 104 in the year after. Sub-branches were opened in schools and church halls.

The bank was operated on a non-profit making basis and in 1860 it was decided to extend operation to the other Ridings of Yorkshire. To recognise this the name was changed to the Yorkshire Penny Bank. In 1872 it issued cheque books for the first time, primarily for small tradesmen. At that time the bank became the first to create school banks, to encourage the idea of saving at an early age.

In 1911 depositors' balances were valued at £18 million although reserves were only £500,000 and that existing guarantees were not enough. The Bank of England organised a takeover by a consortium of banks (National Provincial Bank, Westminster Bank, Williams Deacon's Bank, Lloyds Bank, Barclays Bank, Glyn Mills) and the Yorkshire Penny Bank adopted limited liability. After this the bank was able to offer overdrafts for the first time.

In its centenary year of 1959 the bank's name changed to Yorkshire Bank Limited. During the 1970s the bank became one of the first to offer fee-free banking whilst in credit, a move that took bigger rivals a decade to follow. In 1982 it adopted public limited company status.

During the Miners' Strike of 1984-85 the bank offered miners who were mortgage holders a deferment, allowing them to postpone payments for the duration of the dispute. The strike took place in the bank's heartland and many miners were customers, having been encouraged by the National Coal Board to have their pay mandated to a bank account.

In 1990 the National Australia Bank Group acquired the bank from the consortium of owning banks which, after mergers and acquisitions, were the National Westminster Bank, (holders of 40%), Barclays Bank (32%), Lloyds Bank (20%), and Royal Bank of Scotland (8%). The price paid was £1 billion and the bank joined National Australia Bank's other European businesses, Clydesdale Bank (Scotland) and Northern Bank (which operated in both jurisdictions in Ireland).

In 2005 the National Australia Bank announced its intention to merge the Yorkshire Bank with the Clydesdale under one operating licence, in which the former would be a trading name of the latter. Both operate under separate identities although the Clydesdale brand is the one that has been used in further expansion into the south of England (Northern Bank was sold to Danske Bank of Denmark along with its operations in the Republic of Ireland, the National Irish Bank). At the same time 40 branches were closed, a reduction of a fifth of the Yorkshire Bank network. 
In 2012 National Australia Bank completed a strategic review of its UK businesses and decided to scale back operations, completely stopping Commercial Property Investment lending and closing 29 Financial Solutions Centres, with the resultant loss of 1400 jobs over 3 years. 

In 2013, Yorkshire Bank forgot to renew its domain name, leading to customers being unable to log onto its website for a number of days. Yorkshire Bank blamed individual ISPs saying they had not refreshed their servers. 
On 2 September 2014 the bank suffered more IT related issues as its systems left customers unable to make or receive payments for a period of time. 

National Australia Bank confirmed in October 2014 that it planned to exit the UK, and was considering a number of options for Yorkshire and Clydesdale Banks, including a possible stock market listing.  In October 2015, NAB announced that it will float Clydesdale Bank, including Yorkshire Bank, on the London Stock Exchange in February 2016 through an initial public offering,  with an aim of raising £2bn. 

Clydesdale Bank's newly formed holding company CYBG plc began conditional trading on the LSE and the Australian Securities Exchange on 3 February, and began trading unconditionally from 8 February.
Question:
Yorkshire Bank is a division of Clydesdale Bank which itself is owned by NAB. For what does the A stand in the bank NAB?
Answer:
JBWere
Passage:
Charles Macintosh - Waterproof Garments - About.com Money
Charles Macintosh and the Macintosh Raincoat
< Introduction: The Invention of Elastic
In 1823, Scottish chemist Charles Macintosh patented a method for making waterproof garments by using rubber dissolved in coal-tar naphtha for cementing two pieces of cloth together.
The now famous macintosh raincoat was named after Charles Macintosh. Macintosh raincoats were first made using the methods developed by Charles Macintosh.
Charles Macintosh Invents Waterproof Fabric
While he was trying to find uses for the waste products of gasworks, Macintosh discovered that coal-tar naphtha dissolved india rubber.         He took wool cloth and painted one side with the dissolved rubber preparation and placed another layer of wool cloth on top.
Improvements to Waterproof Fabrics
This created the first practical waterproof fabric, but the fabric was not perfect. It was easy to puncture when it was seamed, the natural oil in wool caused the rubber cement to deteriorate.
continue reading below our video
How to Write a Business Plan
In cold weather the fabric became stiffer and in hot weather the fabric became sticky. When vulcanized rubber was invented in 1839, Macintosh's fabrics improved since the new rubber could withstand temperature changes.
Question:
Who discovered that coal-tar naphtha and rubber could make cloth waterproof?
Answer:
Mackintosh
Passage:
Evaporated milk
Evaporated milk, known in some countries as unsweetened condensed milk, is a shelf-stable canned milk product with about 60% of the water removed from fresh milk. It differs from sweetened condensed milk, which contains added sugar.  Sweetened condensed milk requires less processing since the added sugar inhibits   bacterial growth.

The product takes up half the space of its nutritional equivalent in fresh milk. When the liquid product is mixed with a proportionate amount of water, evaporated milk becomes the rough equivalent of fresh milk. This makes evaporated milk attractive for shipping purposes as it can have a shelf life of months or even years, depending upon the fat and sugar content. This made evaporated milk very popular before refrigeration as a safe and reliable substitute for perishable fresh milk, which could be shipped easily to locations lacking the means of safe milk production or storage.

The process involves the evaporation of 60% of the water from the milk, followed by homogenization, canning, and heat-sterilization. 

Evaporated milk infant formulas

 
In the 1920s and 1930s, evaporated milk began to be widely commercially available at low prices.  The Christian Diehl Brewery, for instance, entered the business in 1922, producing Jerzee brand evaporated milk as a response to the Volstead Act.   Several clinical studies from that time period suggested that babies fed evaporated milk formula thrive as well as breastfed babies.  Modern guidelines from the World Health Organization consider breastfeeding, in most cases, to be healthier for the infant because of the colostrum in early milk production as well as the specific nutritional content of human breast milk. 

Definition 

Evaporated milk is fresh, homogenized milk from which 60 percent of the water has been removed. After the water has been removed, the product is chilled, stabilized, packaged and sterilized.  It is commercially sterilized at 240-245 °F (115-118 °C) for 15 minutes. A slightly caramelized flavor results from the high heat process, and it is slightly darker in color than fresh milk.  The evaporation process concentrates the nutrients and the food energy (kcal); unreconstituted evaporated milk contains more nutrients and calories than fresh milk.

Reconstitution and substitution

Evaporated milk is sometimes used in its reduced form; however, to reconstitute evaporated milk to be equivalent to normal milk, mix 1 part by volume of evaporated milk with 1 1/4 parts of water. Where evaporated milk is required but not available, it can be replaced by simmering 2 1/4 parts of fresh milk down to 1 part. A comparable result is obtained by simmering down 2 parts of almond milk.

In the United States 

According to the United States Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Chapter 1, Part 131, Sub part B, Section 130  "Evaporated milk", (April 2006) 

    (a) Description. Evaporated milk is the liquid food obtained by 
partial removal of water only from milk. It contains not less than 6.5 
percent by weight of milk fat, not less than 16.5 percent by weight of 
milk solids not fat, and not less than 23 percent by weight of total 
milk solids. Evaporated milk contains added vitamin D as prescribed by 
paragraph (b) of this section. It is homogenized. It is sealed in a 
container and so processed by heat, either before or after sealing, as 
to prevent spoilage.
...

Sections (b) - (f) of the above code regulate vitamin addition, optional ingredients, methods of analysis, nomenclature, and label declaration. 

In Malaysia and Singapore 

It is added in brewed tea and coffee to make Teh C and Kopi C respectively.

In the Netherlands and Germany 

It is widely used as a whitener (Creamer) for coffee.

In Latin America 

It is widely used for desserts, added to coffee, tea to create a rich and delicious " Leche con café" or " Te con leche", which is made with half water, half evaporated milk and either coffee or tea and sugar to taste.

Shelf life 

The shelf life of canned evaporated milk will vary according to both its added content and its proportion of fat. For the regular unsweetened product a life of fifteen months can be expected before any noticeable destabilization occurs. 

Notable producers 

Evaporated milk is sold by several manufacturers:

* Carnation Evaporated Milk (the brand is now owned by Nestlé and licensed to Smuckers in Canada)
* PET Evaporated Milk (now owned by Smuckers)
* Magnolia evaporated milk - (now produced by Eagle Family Foods owned by Smuckers )
* Viking Melk (Norway) - invented by Olav Johan Sopp in 1891, a Nestlé brand since 1897
* F&N Evaporated Milk
* Rainbow Milk, a brand of Royal Friesland Foods
* Nordmilch AG (Now DMK Deutsches Milchkontor) - Germany
* Jerzee Evaporated Milk (purchased in 2006 from Diehl Food Products)
* O-At-Ka Evaporated Milk
* Vitalait Evaporated Milk (Senegal)
* Luna Evaporated Milk
Question:
What famous brand of evaporated milk, created in 1899, got its start as the Pacific Coast Condensed Milk Company, in Kent, before changing its name and moving east of Seattle, founding a town in the process?
Answer:
Carnations
Passage:
Heracleum mantegazzianum
Heracleum mantegazzianum, commonly known as giant hogweed, cartwheel-flower, giant cow parsnip,  hogsbane or giant cow parsley,  is a plant in the family Apiaceae. In New Zealand, it is also sometimes called wild parsnip, or wild rhubarb. It typically grows to heights of 2 –.  Superficially, it resembles common hogweed (Heracleum sphondylium), Heracleum sosnowskyi, or garden angelica (Angelica archangelica). It is phototoxic and considered to be a noxious weed in many jurisdictions.  Giant hogweed is native to the Caucasus region and Central Asia. It was introduced to Britain as an ornamental plant in the 19th century, and it has also spread to many other parts of Europe, the United States, and Canada.

The sap of giant hogweed causes phytophotodermatitis in humans, resulting in blisters, long-lasting scars, and if it comes in contact with eyes, blindness.  These serious reactions are due to the furocoumarin derivatives in the leaves, roots, stems, flowers, and seeds of the plant.

Description

Giant hogweed has a stout, bright green stem that is frequently spotted with dark red and hollow red-spotted leaf stalks that produce sturdy bristles. The stems grow to more than 2 m high.  The hollow stems vary from 3 – in diameter, occasionally up to 10 cm. Each dark red spot on the stem surrounds a hair, and large, coarse white hairs occur at the base of the leaf stalk. The plant has deeply incised compound leaves which grow up to 1 - in width.

Giant hogweed is a biennial or monocarpic perennial, the plants dying after they have set seed. It usually flowers in its second year from late spring to midsummer, with numerous white flowers clustered in an umbrella-shaped head that is up to 80 cm in diameter across its flat top. The plant produces 1,500 to 100,000 flattened, 1 cm-long, oval, dry seeds that have a broadly rounded base and broad marginal ridges. Tall dead stems may mark its locations during winter.

Introduction to Western Europe and North America

Giant hogweed was among many foreign plants introduced to Britain in the 19th century as ornamental plants.  It is now widespread throughout the British Isles, especially along riverbanks. By forming dense stands, they can displace native plants and reduce wildlife habitats.  It has spread in the northeastern and northwestern United States, and southern Canada and is an invasive species in Germany, France, and Belgium, overtaking the local native species, Heracleum sphondylium.

In Canada, the plant has been sighted in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and in isolated areas of Newfoundland.  It has been seen in Quebec since the early 1990s.   The plant's spread in Ontario began in the southwest and was seen in 2010 in the greater Toronto area and Renfrew County near Ottawa. 

Giant hogweed was introduced into New York about 1917, and was recorded in British Columbia in the 1930s. It now occurs in the west in British Columbia, Washington, and Oregon and in eastern North America from Newfoundland and Nova Scotia west to Ontario and Wisconsin and south to Indiana, Maryland, and New Jersey.   It is also recorded occasionally in Michigan   It is a federally listed noxious weed in many states.

Phototoxicity

The sap of the giant hogweed plant is phototoxic; when the contacted skin is exposed to sunlight or to ultraviolet rays, it can cause phytophotodermatitis (severe skin inflammations). Initially, the skin colours red and starts itching. Blisters form as it burns within 48 hours. They form black or purplish scars that can last several years. Hospitalisation may be necessary. Although many media reports on giant hogweed suggest the plant can lead to temporary or permanent blindness, existing research on the plant does not back up this claim.  

These reactions are caused by the presence of linear derivatives of furanocoumarin in its leaves, roots, stems, flowers, and seeds. These chemicals can get into the nucleus of the epithelial cells, forming a bond with the DNA, causing the cells to die. The brown colour is caused by the production of melanin by furocoumarins.

Authorities advise that children should be kept away from giant hogweed, that protective clothing, including eye protection, should be worn when handling or digging it, and that if skin is exposed, the affected area should be washed thoroughly with soap and water and the exposed skin protected from the sun for several days.

Countermeasures

Because of its phototoxicity and invasive nature, giant hogweed is often actively removed. In the UK, the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 makes it an offence to plant or cause giant hogweed to grow in the wild.  Hogweed is regulated as a federal noxious weed by the US government, and is illegal to import into the United States or move interstate without a permit from the Department of Agriculture.   The USDA Forest Service states pigs and cattle can eat it without apparent harm. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation has had an active program to control giant hogweed since 2008, including reporting, database maintenance, and crews for removal or herbicide control.   In 2011, Maine state horticulturists, describing the plant as "Queen Anne's lace on steroids", reported that it has been found at 21 different locations in Maine, with the number of plants ranging from one to a hundred. 

In popular culture

The 1971 album Nursery Cryme by the progressive rock group Genesis contains a song called "The Return of the Giant Hogweed". The lyrics describe a murderous attack on the human race by Heracleum mantegazzianum, long after the plant was first "captured" and brought to England by a Victorian explorer.  It is typical of the dramatic, tongue-in-cheek humour prevalent in the band's early recordings. A live version can be found on their 1973 Genesis Live album.

The 1971 studio recording appears in Series 1 Episode 1 ("And No Birds Sing") of the British TV crime drama Rosemary and Thyme as the episode story centres around hogweed.
Question:
Heraclium mantegazzianum is a weed thought to be the largest in western Europe. What is its common name?
Answer:
Giant hogweed
Passage:
Prohibition ends - Dec 05, 1933 - HISTORY.com
Prohibition ends - Dec 05, 1933 - HISTORY.com
Prohibition ends
Publisher
A+E Networks
The 21st Amendment to the U.S. Constitution is ratified, repealing the 18th Amendment and bringing an end to the era of national prohibition of alcohol in America. At 5:32 p.m. EST, Utah became the 36th state to ratify the amendment, achieving the requisite three-fourths majority of states’ approval. Pennsylvania and Ohio had ratified it earlier in the day.
The movement for the prohibition of alcohol began in the early 19th century, when Americans concerned about the adverse effects of drinking began forming temperance societies. By the late 19th century, these groups had become a powerful political force, campaigning on the state level and calling for national liquor abstinence. Several states outlawed the manufacture or sale of alcohol within their own borders. In December 1917, the 18th Amendment, prohibiting the “manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors for beverage purposes,” was passed by Congress and sent to the states for ratification. On January 29, 1919, the 18th Amendment achieved the necessary three-fourths majority of state ratification. Prohibition essentially began in June of that year, but the amendment did not officially take effect until January 29, 1920.
In the meantime, Congress passed the Volstead Act on October 28, 1919, over President Woodrow Wilson’s veto. The Volstead Act provided for the enforcement of Prohibition, including the creation of a special Prohibition unit of the Treasury Department. In its first six months, the unit destroyed thousands of illicit stills run by bootleggers. However, federal agents and police did little more than slow the flow of booze, and organized crime flourished in America. Large-scale bootleggers like Al Capone of Chicago built criminal empires out of illegal distribution efforts, and federal and state governments lost billions in tax revenue. In most urban areas, the individual consumption of alcohol was largely tolerated and drinkers gathered at “speakeasies,” the Prohibition-era term for saloons.
Prohibition, failing fully to enforce sobriety and costing billions, rapidly lost popular support in the early 1930s. In 1933, the 21st Amendment to the Constitution was passed and ratified, ending national Prohibition. After the repeal of the 18th Amendment, some states continued Prohibition by maintaining statewide temperance laws. Mississippi, the last dry state in the Union, ended Prohibition in 1966.
Related Videos
Question:
In what year did 'Prohibition' officially end in America?
Answer:
1933
Passage:
TV Heaven, Telly Hell
TV Heaven, Telly Hell is a comedy television show on Channel 4, presented and produced by Sean Lock. The format is similar to Room 101, with guests discussing their likes and dislikes of items on television.

The show also allows the guest to reconstruct any moment in television history in the way they wanted it to happen, in a short sketch shown at the end of the show usually parodying a clip discussed earlier.

Guests 

Series 1

Series 2
Question:
Which comedian was the host of the short lived Channel 4 programme, TV Heaven Telly Hell?
Answer:
Shaun Lock
Passage:
Doctor and the Medics
Doctor and the Medics are an English glam rock band formed in London in 1981. The group received their great success during the 1980s and are best known for their cover of Norman Greenbaum's "Spirit in the Sky", the groups hit single which reached No. 1 in the UK singles charts.  The band currently performs, with a different line-up, as a tribute act to various artists. The group's musical style includes neo-psychedelia, glam rock, new wave and pop rock.    

Career

The Doctor (Clive Jackson, born 7 July 1961 in Knotty Ash, Liverpool),  a former London-based DJ, formed the group with guitarist Steve McGuire, drummer Vom (aka Steve Ritchie), and bassist Richard Searle and female dancers and singers The Anadin Brothers in 1981.  The group adopted a look inspired by both 1960s psychedelia and kabuki make-up similar to that of Kiss.

Their first single was "The Druids Are Here" which was released on Whaam Records in 1982.  They released no further records until 1985, although a four track EP recorded live at Alice in Wonderland, a Soho nightclub where The Doctor was house DJ, was available direct from the band. The band's female backing singers were known collectively as The Anadin Brothers. Originally there were three Anadin Brothers, but this was soon whittled down to Wendi West and Colette Appleby.

In 1985, they signed to IRS Records and released "Happy but Twisted", a five track 12" EP including a cover of Hawkwind's "Silver Machine".  This reached number 2 on the indie charts.  This was followed by "The Miracle of the Age", produced by Andy Partridge of XTC.  Around this time the band performed a concert in a television studio in Limehouse, London which was recorded for television broadcast, although it was not shown at the time. At this concert the line-up was augmented by Roman Jugg of The Damned on keyboards and second guitar.

They scored an international hit in 1986 with their next single, a cover of Norman Greenbaum's "Spirit in the Sky". The single reached number one in the UK.  They fared less well with subsequent singles; "Burn" and "Waterloo" (the latter of which was a cover of the ABBA hit, with Roy Wood on saxophone, backing vocals and in the video). "Burn" reached No. 29 in the UK Singles Chart and "Waterloo" peaked at No. 45.

The band released their final studio album Instant Heaven, in 1996 on their own 'Madman' record label.

In the early 2000s, the band's current line-up appeared on retro-themed British TV shows such as ITV1's Hit Me Baby One More Time, and a Top of the Pops Christmas special celebrating 50 years of the UK Singles Chart. In June 2006, the band appeared on Channel 4's Bring Back One Hit Wonders with a new line-up.  Around this time they released an EP called Timewarped.  They continue to perform live.

Personnel

1981 line-up
*The Doctor (vocals)
*Steve McGuire (guitar)
*Richard Searle (bass)
*Andrew McLachlan (drums)

1986 line-up
*The Doctor (vocals)
*Steve McGuire (guitar)
*Richard Searle (bass)
*Steve "Vom" Ritchie (drums)
*Wendi Anadin (vocals)
*Colette Anadin (vocals)
*Andy Higgins (chief Badger)
*Richard Searle left in 1990 shortly after Vom Ritchie departed. Gareth Thomas replaced Searle in 1990. Searle went on to form the acid jazz band Corduroy, with former members of Sire Records act Boys Wonder.
* Since leaving the Medics, drummer Ritchie has played with Last of the Teenage Idols, Stiv Bators, B-Bang Cider, The Boys, Wet Dog and now plays with Die Toten Hosen.

2003 reunion line-up
*The Doctor (vocals)
*Adrian Hill (drums)
*Carl Axon (The Big Bopper) (lead guitar, backing vocals)
*James Hartley (guitar)
*Jon Randle (bass)
*Melissa Weekes (backing vocals)
*Colette Anadin (backing vocals)
* Carl Axon left to pursue business interests.

Current line-up
*The Doctor (vocals)
*Adrian Hill (drums)
*Dan Angelow (guitar)
*Jon Randle (bass)
*Melissa Weekes (backing vocals)

Discography

Albums

*Laughing at the Pieces (1986) (UK No. 25)
*I Keep Thinking It's Tuesday (1987)
*The Adventures of Boadacea and the Beetle (1992)
*Instant Heaven (1996)

Singles and EPs

*"The Druids Are Here" (1982) Whaam
*Happy But Twisted EP (1985) Illegal (UK Indie No. 2)
*"The Miracle of the Age" (1985) IRS
*"Spirit in the Sky" (1986) IRS (UK No. 1, US No. 69)
*"Burn" (1986) IRS (UK No. 29)
*"Waterloo" (1986) IRS (UK No. 45) – Doctor and the Medics featuring Roy Wood
*"Two Pieces of Cloth Carefully Stitched Together" EP (1987) Illegal (UK Indie No. 34)
*"More" (1987) IRS
*"Drive, He Said" (1988) IRS
*"Black & Blue" (1991) Plastic Surgery 
*Timewarped (2006) – six track covers EP
Question:
Who was the lead singer with Doctor and the Medics
Answer:
Clive Jackson
Passage:
Currawong
Currawongs are three species of medium-sized passerine birds belonging to the genus Strepera in the family Artamidae native to Australasia. These are the grey currawong (Strepera versicolor), pied currawong (S. graculina), and black currawong (S. fuliginosa). The common name comes from the call of the familiar pied currawong of eastern Australia and is onomatopoeic. They were formerly known as crow-shrikes or bell-magpies. Despite their resemblance to crows and ravens, they are only distantly related to the corvidae, instead belonging to an Afro-Asian radiation of birds of superfamily Malaconotoidea.

The true currawongs are a little larger than the Australian magpie, smaller than the ravens (except possibly the little raven, which is only slightly larger on average), but broadly similar in appearance. They are easily distinguished by their yellow eyes, in contrast to the red eyes of a magpie and white eyes of Australian crows and ravens. Currawongs are also characterised by the hooked tips of their long, sharply pointed beaks. 
They are not as terrestrial as the magpie and have shorter legs. They are omnivorous, foraging in foliage, on tree trunks and limbs, and on the ground, taking insects and larvae (often dug out from under the bark of trees), fruit, and the nestlings of other birds. They are distinguishable from magpies and crows by their comical flight style in amongst foliage, appearing to almost fall about from branch to branch as if they were inept flyers.

Taxonomy and evolution

Ornithologist Richard Bowdler Sharpe held that currawongs were more closely related to crows and ravens than the Australian magpie and butcherbirds, and duly placed them in the Corvidae. A review of the family Cracticidae by ornithologist John Albert Leach in 1914, during which he had studied their musculature, found that all three genera were closely related.  Ornithologists Charles Sibley and Jon Ahlquist recognised the close relationship between the woodswallows and the butcherbirds and relatives in 1985, and combined them into a Cracticini clade,  which later became the family Artamidae in the official Australian checklist in 2008. The International Ornithologists’ Union has maintained the two clades as separate families, hence currawongs are listed along with butcherbirds, magpie and Peltops. 

The family Cracticidae has its greatest diversity in Australia, which suggests that the radiation of its insectivorous and scavenger members to occupy various niches took place there. The butcherbirds became predators of small animals, much like the northern hemisphere shrikes, while the Australian magpie became a predominantly ground-hunting omnivore, with the currawongs generally hunting in both living and fallen trees, scavenging and hunting insects and small vertebrates, and occupying in Australia the niche of many Eurasian corvids.

Currawongs and indeed all members of the broader Artamidae are part of a larger group of African shrike-like birds including bushshrikes (Malaconotidae), helmetshrikes (Prionopidae), ioras (Aegithinidae), and  vangas (Vangidae), which were defined as the superfamily Malaconotoidea by Cacraft and colleagues in 2004.  They are thus only distantly related to crows and ravens, which are in a separate superfamily Corvoidea. 

Species and races

Although there are several distinct forms, the number of species has varied between two and seven, with three currently recognised. (In 1870 the Gardens of the Zoological Society of London had a living specimen of each of the three species. ) Several subspecies of the grey currawong are fairly distinctive and described on that species page.

*S. fuliginosa - black jay or black currawong
**S. fuliginosa colei - King Island black currawong
**S. fuliginosa parvior - Flinders Island black currawong
*S. graculina - pied currawong
**S. graculina graculina
**S. graculina ashbyi - western Victorian pied currawong
**S. graculina crissalis - Lord Howe currawong
**S. graculina magnirostris
**S. graculina robinsoni
**S. graculina nebulosa
*S. versicolor a complex, including:
**S. versicolor versicolor - grey currawong
**S. versicolor intermedia - brown currawong
**S. versicolor plumbea - grey currawong (WA)
**S. versicolor halmaturina - grey currawong (Kangaroo Island)
**S. versicolor arguta - clinking currawong or black magpie
**S. versicolor melanoptera - black-winged currawong

Etymology

The term currawong itself is derived from the call of the pied currawong. However, the exact origin of term is unclear; the most likely antecedent is the word garrawaŋ from the indigenous Jagera language from the Brisbane region, although the Dharug word gurawaruŋ from the Sydney basin is a possibility.  Yungang as well as kurrawang and kurrawah are names from the Tharawal people of the Illawarra region. 

Description

The three currawong species are sombre-plumaged dark grey or black birds with large bills. They resemble crows and ravens, although are slimmer in build with longer tails, booted tarsi and white pages on their wings and tails. Their flight is undulating. Male birds have longer bills than females, the reason for which is unknown but suggests differentiation in feeding technique.

Distribution and habitat

Currawongs are protected in NSW under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974.

Behaviour

Currawongs are dominant birds that can drive off other species, especially when settling around an area used or inhabited by people. They have been known to migrate to towns and cities during the winter. Birds congregate in loose flocks.

The female builds the nest and incubates the young alone, although both parents feed them. The nests are somewhat flimsy for birds their size.
Question:
What type of creature is the Australian currawong?
Answer:
Avians
Passage:
Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet
"Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet" is one of the best remembered British advertising campaigns for a tobacco product. It was a long-running campaign for Hamlet Cigars, lasting on television until all tobacco advertising on television was banned in the UK in 1991.[http://www.newash.org.uk/ash_2cb51gz3_archive.htm Tobacco Key Dates in the Campaign to ban Tobacco Advertising | ASH] They returned in cinemas in 1996, continuing there until 1999,  with the final commemorative advert and the modified Tagline, "Happiness will always be a cigar called Hamlet."  

History 

Commercials used an excerpt from a jazz rendition of Bach's Air on the G String, played by Jacques Loussier and his trio, which is still frequently associated with the brand. 

The advertisements featured in television, radio and cinema commercials, various print media, and on billboards. The slogan and the entire campaign was created by the Collett Dickenson Pearce agency in 1966. The premise is that a man finds himself in an awkward or embarrassing situation and lights a Hamlet cigar. Lighting and smoking this cigar makes him smile and forget his woes. The campaign branched out from traditional advertising, even publishing a book of cartoons based on the idea.

A memorable ident featured the 1982 Channel 4 blocks forming the number 5, then rewinding and then forming a jumbled mess, which then turns into a face and then smokes a cigar, making it smile.

These adverts were often mocked, most notably on The Kenny Everett Television Show.

Film Directors 

Numerous advertising filmmaker, including:

* Barry Myers (director)

Celebrity appearances 

Numerous celebrities appeared in the adverts, including:

* Ian Botham 
* Ronnie Corbett
* Gregor Fisher in the guise of his "Baldy Man" character (from Naked Video), attempting to use a photo booth 

Recognition 

The advert was listed as the eighth greatest television advertisement of all time by Channel 4 in 2000. Both the original Channel 4 ident and a Hamlet advert spoofing the ident were made by Martin Lambie-Nairn.  Furthermore, the advert was ranked as the ninth greatest advertisement in an ITV list made in 2005  and as the third funniest television advertisement ever by Campaign Live in 2008.
Question:
"Name the piece of classical music associated with the advertising slogan ""Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet""?"
Answer:
Air for the G String
Passage:
Jimmy Cricket
Jimmy Cricket (born James Mulgrew, 17 October 1945, Cookstown, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland) is an Irish comedian.  He currently lives with his family in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England.

Early life and career

He left school at 16 and spent the next two years working in a betting shop, before spending the summer of 1966 working as a Red Coat in Butlins Holiday camp at Mosney, County Meath, Ireland. He spent the following two summers at the Butlins Holiday Camp in Clacton. By the early 1970s he was living in Manchester. From 1972 he worked at the Pontins holiday camps in Southport and Morecambe. He returned to Clacton-on-Sea in 2006 to star in the eight-week summer show, Summer Special at the West Cliff Theatre.

Most recently Jimmy has been touring the UK in The Good Old Days of Music Hall and Variety with Neil Hurst and Shep's Banjo Boys. 

Television and radio

He was given his own television series on a show called And There's More (named after his best-known catchphrase), produced by Central Television (also notable for including the first TV appearance by Rory Bremner). He also had his own radio series for BBC Radio 2 called Jimmy's Cricket Team, written by Eddie Braben and starring Peter Goodwright, Bill Pertwee and Noreen Kershaw.

He featured in The Krankies Klub alongside The Krankies and Bobby Davro. He also appeared in numerous Royal Variety Shows.

Jimmy was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1987 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews in central London - the last edition that Andrews presented.

Cricket was one of a number of veteran performers to appear in the video for the 2007 Comic Relief single, a cover of The Proclaimers' song "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)" by Matt Lucas as Andy Pipkin and Peter Kay as Brian Potter.

Style

Cricket's humour is entirely clean, in marked contrast to some other comedians. A popular theme of his comedy is Irish logic, and the ubiquitous letter from his "Mammy". He almost always appears in his trademark outfit of cut-off evening trousers, dinner jacket, hat (given to him by the BBC to wear on The Good Old Days) and wellies marked "L" and "R" for left and right, but worn on the wrong feet.

Personal life

Cricket lives in Lancashire with his wife, May. He has four children and two grandchildren. Two of his children, Frankie and Katie Mulgrew, followed him into comedy; Katie using her own name, Frankie as 'Frankie Doodle'. Frankie has since become ordained as a Catholic priest and published his first book, Does God LOL?, in June 2013. Another of Cricket's daughters, Jamie, became a teacher and lives in London.

Papal Knighthood

On 18 September 2015 it was announced that he had been awarded a papal knighthood (Order of St. Gregory the Great) by Pope Francis for his charity work.
Question:
"Which Irish comedian had the catchphrase ""and there's more""?"
Answer:
JIMMY CRICKET
Passage:
Temperance Brennan
Temperance Deassee Brennan is a fictional character created by author Kathy Reichs, and is the hero of her crime novel series (which are usually referred to as the Temperance Brennan novels). She was introduced in Reichs' first novel, Déjà Dead, which was published in 1997. All the novels are written in the first person, from Brennan's viewpoint. Like her creator, Brennan is a forensic anthropologist. In a number of novels it is indicated that Brennan's background lies in physical anthropology, rather than medicine, and throughout the novels she stresses the importance of correct crime scene processes.

Character history

Dr. Temperance "Tempe" (tĕm'-pē)   Brennan is a forensic anthropologist, who investigates human remains at crime scenes where the flesh is too degraded for a coroner to obtain evidence (victims of arson, mutilation, advanced decomposition, etc.). 

Brennan is a native of Chicago who grew up in the Carolinas and one of only fifty board-certified forensic anthropologists in North America. As the series unfolds the reader learns more about her past and her family connections. 

Before the first novel, Brennan left her husband, Janis "Pete" Peterson, and overcame a lifelong struggle with alcoholism; as a result she usually drinks only Diet Coke, or an occasional Perrier water. She then accepted a job at the Laboratoire des Sciences Judiciaires et de Médecine Légale for the province of Quebec in Montreal, Canada. She divides her time between teaching at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and advising on crime scenes, and spends about half of the year in each country. 

Brennan has a daughter, Katy, who is in college. Brennan's younger sister Harriet (known as Harry) has a son named Kit. All three have featured in significant roles in the novels. Kit's daughter Tory Brennan features in the Virals series of novels written by Kathy  with her son Brendan Reichs. 

Brennan's cat, Birdie, usually accompanies her on her journeys between Montreal and Charlotte. She and her sometime lover Detective Andrew Ryan share a cockatiel named Charlie who remains in Montreal, while her husband's  Chow cross dog Boyd is often left with her in Charlotte.

The Temperance Brennan novels

There are currently eighteen books in the series. Temperance Brennan also makes cameo appearances in Jasper Fforde's 2007 novel First Among Sequels and in Reichs' Virals series of novels. 

#Déjà Dead (1997)
#Death du Jour (1999)
#Deadly Decisions (2000)
#Fatal Voyage (2001)
#Grave Secrets (2002)
#Bare Bones (2003)
#Monday Mourning (2004)
#Cross Bones (2005)
#Break No Bones (2006)
#Bones to Ashes (2007)
#Devil Bones (2008)
#206 Bones (2009)
#Spider Bones (2010) (Also published as Mortal Remains)
#Flash and Bones (2011)
#Bones are Forever (2012)
#Bones of the Lost (2013)
#Bones Never Lie (2014)
#Speaking in Bones (2015)  

Temperance Brennan also features in three downloadable short stories.

Appearances in other media

The character shares the same name with the protagonist of the American television series, Bones, whose character was not based on Reichs' books or the Brennan of her books but rather on the author herself.  In the TV series, Temperance Brennan is played by Emily Deschanel. Reichs herself has stated that she sees the Tempe of the television series as a younger version of the novel Tempe. Reichs is an executive producer of the show, and oversees the forensic science aspect of the series. She also wrote the fifth season episode "The Witch in the Wardrobe," which shared some plot elements with her novel Devil Bones. On the show Temperance "Bones" Brennan writes crime novels with a fictional forensic anthropologist named Kathy Reichs as the protagonist.

Temperance Brennan also appears in the Jasper Fforde novel First Among Sequels. 

Temperance Brennan also appears in the book Seizure by Kathy Reichs very briefly.
Question:
Forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan appears in the novels of which crime-writer?
Answer:
KATHY REICHS
Passage:
Death in the Afternoon
Death in the Afternoon is a non-fiction book written by Ernest Hemingway  about the ceremony and traditions of Spanish bullfighting, published in 1932.  The book provides a look at the history and what Hemingway considers the magnificence of bullfighting. It also contains a deeper contemplation on the nature of fear and courage. While essentially a guide book, there are three main sections: Hemingway's work, pictures, and a glossary of terms.

Contents 

Any discussion concerning bullfighting would be incomplete without some mention of the controversy surrounding it. Toward that end Hemingway commented, "anything capable of arousing passion in its favor will surely raise as much passion against it." 

Hemingway became a bullfighting aficionado  after seeing the Pamplona fiesta in the 1920s, which he wrote about in The Sun Also Rises.  In Death in the Afternoon, Hemingway explores the metaphysics of bullfighting—the ritualized, almost religious practice—that he considered analogous to the writer's search for meaning and the essence of life. In bullfighting, he found the elemental nature of life and death. Marianne Wiggins has written of Death in the Afternoon: "Read it for the writing, for the way it's told... He'll make you like it [bullfighting]... You read enough and long enough, he'll make you love it, he's relentless". 

In his writings on Spain, Hemingway was influenced by the Spanish master Pío Baroja. When Hemingway won the Nobel Prize, he traveled to see Baroja, then on his death bed, specifically to tell him he thought Baroja deserved the prize more than he. Baroja agreed, and something of the usual Hemingway tiff with another writer ensued, despite Hemingway's original good intentions. 

Death in the Afternoon was published by Scribner's on 23 September 1932 to a first edition print run of approximately 10,000 copies. 

Notes
Question:
Which American author wrote 'Death In The Afternoon', a non-fiction work about Spanish bull fighting?
Answer:
Famous at Twenty-Five Thirty a Master
Passage:
Calcium carbide
Calcium carbide is a chemical compound with the chemical formula of CaC2. Its main use industrially is in the production of acetylene and calcium cyanamide.

The pure material is colorless, however pieces of technical-grade calcium carbide are grey or brown and consist of about 80–85% of CaC2 (the rest is CaO (calcium oxide), Ca3P2 (calcium phosphide), CaS (calcium sulfide), Ca3N2 (calcium nitride), SiC (silicon carbide), etc.). In the presence of trace moisture, technical-grade calcium carbide emits an unpleasant odor reminiscent of garlic. 

Applications of calcium carbide include manufacture of acetylene gas, and for generation of acetylene in carbide lamps; manufacture of chemicals for fertilizer; and in steelmaking.

Production

Calcium carbide is produced industrially in an electric arc furnace from a mixture of lime and coke at approximately 2200 °C. This method has not changed since its invention in 1892:
CaO + 3 C → CaC2 + CO

The high temperature required for this reaction is not practically achievable by traditional combustion, so the reaction is performed in an electric arc furnace with graphite electrodes. The carbide product produced generally contains around 80% calcium carbide by weight. The carbide is crushed to produce small lumps that can range from a few mm up to 50 mm. The impurities are concentrated in the finer fractions. The CaC2 content of the product is assayed by measuring the amount of acetylene produced on hydrolysis. As an example, the British and German standards for the content of the coarser fractions are 295 L/kg and 300 L/kg respectively (at 101 kPa pressure and 20 °C temperature). Impurities present in the carbide include phosphide, which produces phosphine when hydrolysed.[http://www.mrw.interscience.wiley.com/emrw/9783527306732/ueic/article/a04_533/current/pdf Calcium Carbide], Bernhard Langhammer, Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, Wiley Interscience. (Subscription required)

This reaction was an important part of the industrial revolution in chemistry, and was made possible in the USA as a result of massive amounts of inexpensive hydroelectric power produced at Niagara Falls before the turn of the 20th century. 

The method for the production in an electric arc furnace was discovered in 1892 by T. L Willson and independently by H. Moissan in the same year.   

Crystal structure

Pure calcium carbide is a colourless solid. The common crystalline form at room temperature is a distorted rock-salt structure with the C22− units lying parallel.

Applications

Production of acetylene

The reaction of calcium carbide with water, producing acetylene and calcium hydroxide, was discovered by Friedrich Wöhler in 1862.
CaC2 + 2 H2O → C2H2 + Ca(OH)2

This reaction was the basis of the industrial manufacture of acetylene, and is the major industrial use of calcium carbide.

At high temperatures, CaC2 reacts with water vapor to give calcium carbonate, carbon dioxide and hydrogen.

Today acetylene is mainly manufactured by the partial combustion of methane or appears as a side product in the ethylene stream from cracking of hydrocarbons. Approximately 400,000 tonnes are produced this way annually (see Acetylene Preparation).

In China, acetylene derived from calcium carbide remains a raw material for the chemical industry, in particular for the production of polyvinyl chloride. Locally produced acetylene is more economical than using imported oil.  Production of calcium carbide in China has been increasing. In 2005 output was 8.94 million tons, with the capacity to produce 17 million tons. 

In the USA, Europe, and Japan, consumption of calcium carbide is generally declining.  Production levels in the USA in 1990s were 236,000 tons per year.

Production of calcium cyanamide

Calcium carbide reacts with nitrogen at high temperature to form calcium cyanamide:
CaC2 + N2 → CaCN2 + C
Commonly known as nitrolim, calcium cyanamide is used as fertilizer. It is hydrolysed to cyanamide, H2NCN.

Steelmaking

Calcium carbide is used:
* in the desulfurisation of iron (pig iron, cast iron and steel)
* as a fuel in steelmaking to extend the scrap ratio to liquid iron, depending on economics.
* as a powerful deoxidizer at ladle treatment facilities.

Carbide lamps

Calcium carbide is used in carbide lamps. Water dripping on carbide produces acetylene gas, which burns and produces light. While these lamps gave steadier and brighter light than candles, they were dangerous in coal mines, where flammable methane gas made them a serious hazard. The presence of flammable gases in coal mines led to miner safety lamps such as the Davy lamp, in which a wire gauze reduces the risk of methane ignition. Carbide lamps were still used extensively in slate, copper, and tin mines where methane is not a serious hazard. Most miner's lamps have now been replaced by electric lamps.

Carbide lamps are still used for mining in some less wealthy countries, for example in the silver mines near Potosí, Bolivia. Carbide lamps are also still used by some cavers exploring caves and other underground areas,  although they are increasingly being replaced in this use by LED lights.

Carbide lamps were also used extensively as headlights in early automobiles, motorcycles and bicycles, but have been replaced entirely by electric lamps. 

Other uses

In the artificial ripening of fruit, calcium carbide is sometimes used as source of acetylene gas, which is a ripening agent similar to ethylene.IUPAC name ethene, chemical formula of C2H4  However, this is illegal in some countries because consumption of fruits artificially ripened using calcium carbide can cause serious health problems in those who partake them.  

Calcium carbide is used in toy cannons such as the Big-Bang Cannon, as well as in bamboo cannons.

Calcium carbide, together with calcium phosphide, is used in floating, self-igniting naval signal flares, such as those produced by the Holmes' Marine Life Protection Association.
Question:
Which gas is produced when water is mixed with Calcium Carbide?
Answer:
H2C2
Passage:
History of Kensington | Kensington Palace
History of Kensington | Kensington Palace
History
Kensington: name translated as Farmstead associated with Cynesige: in the Domesday Book (1086) it is written as Chenesitone.
One of the old metropolitan boroughs of London, Kensington was granted the status of Royal Borough by King Edward VII in 1901, in recognition his mother, Queen Victoria, who was born there, and lived there as a child. Later the title became: Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.
The Manor was granted by William Ist to Geoffrey de Montbray (Mowbray), Bishop of Coutances, who gave tenancy to Aubrey de Vere; because of a later revolt by a Mowbray, against King William II (Rufus), the manor was forfeited, then granted as a royal tenancy to de Vere, whose family became the Earls of Oxford, and the region became known as Earl’s Court.
On the west side of Palace Green, in what was formerly called the King’s Garden, Henry VIII. is said to have built a conduit, or bath, for the use of the Princess Elizabeth, when a child. It was a low building, with walls of great thickness, and the roof covered with bricks. The interior was in good preservation when Faulkner wrote his History of Kensington. It is clear, from an entry in the parish books, that Queen Elizabeth, at least on one occasion subsequent to her childhood, stayed within the parish, for the parish officers are rebuked and punished for not ringing “when Her Majesty left Kensington.” On Palace Green were the barracks for foot-soldiers, who still regularly mount guard at the Palace. The Green, called in ancient documents the “Moor,” was the military parade when the Court resided there, and the royal standard was hoisted on it daily.
Kensington Palace
Nottingham House
Heneage Finch (1621-1682) was Lord Chancellor of England and created 1st Earl of Nottingham in 1681. The Nottingham House built for him in Kensington was passed to his son, Secretary of State to King William III of Orange, and the King acquired it from him in 1689, since the he wanted a residence located between Hampton Court which he liked, and Westminster which he did not like but where he had his day job.
Nottingham House morphed into Kensington Palace. Although actually situated in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, it is named from the adjoining town, to which it would more naturally seem to belong, and had grounds of about 350 acres.
Question:
Which royal palace in London was formerly called Nottingham House
Answer:
Kensington House
Passage:
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979
Mother Teresa
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979
Mother Teresa
The Nobel Peace Prize 1979 was awarded to Mother Teresa.
Photos: Copyright © The Nobel Foundation
Share this:
To cite this page
MLA style: "The Nobel Peace Prize 1979". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 19 Jan 2017. <http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/1979/>
Question:
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979?
Answer:
Gonxhe Bojaxhi
Passage:
Braeburn
The 'Braeburn' is a cultivar of apple that is firm to the touch with a red/orange vertical streaky appearance on a yellow/green background. Its color intensity varies with different growing conditions.

It was discovered as a chance seedling in 1952 by the farmer O. Moran from Waiwhero in the Moutere Hills near Motueka, New Zealand. It was then cultivated by the Williams Brothers nursery as a potential export variety. It is thought to be a cross between Granny Smith and Lady Hamilton.  The apple itself is named after Braeburn Orchard where it was first commercially grown.

Braeburn apples have a combination of sweet and tart flavour. They are available October through April in the northern hemisphere  and are medium to large in size. They are a popular fruit for growers because of their ability to store well when chilled. 

Braeburn apples are useful in cooking in that they hold their shape and do not release a great deal of liquid making them ideal for tarts.  According to the US Apple Association website it is one of the fifteen most popular apple cultivars in the United States. 

Braeburn Browning Disorder 

Apples can be preserved by short, medium or long-term
storage. Braeburn can turn brown inside during commercial long term storage, and it’s usually not possible to tell if an apple has the Braeburn browning disorder until a person bites or cuts into it.  Apples respond dramatically to both temperature and atmosphere modification. Rapid temperature reduction and the exacting maintenance of low temperature close to the chilling point of the variety can provide good to medium quality product following 3 to 6 mo of storage and in some cases longer. However, modern commercial warehouses couple
temperature management with controlled atmosphere (CA) for long-term storage of apples. Braeburn can be stored at 0 °C in air for 3–4 months, and in CA for 8–10 months, with only a slight susceptibility to scalding although it is sensitive to carbon dioxide.  The variety has a relatively impermeable skin, which restricts diffusion of gases into and out of the fruit, leading to high internal carbon dioxide concentrations. 

The browning disorder seems worse in overmature fruit, fruit from lightly cropped trees, and large fruit, but it can show up on different trees in different years, and in some regions, but not others.

Maintaining the superior qualities of Braeburn while eliminating Braeburn browning disorder led to development of the Jazz cultivar. Since Braeburn is such a desirable variety, commercial orchards and trees in regions and locations that have proven not susceptible to the browning disorder are being maintained. Since most home orchardists do not attempt very long term storage, they do not encounter the browning disorder.

Disease susceptibility 

*Scab: high 
*Powdery mildew: high
*Cedar apple rust: high
*Fire blight: high
Question:
Braeburn is a variety of which type of fruit?
Answer:
Apple Blossom
Passage:
Brian McClennan
Brian "Bluey" McClennan (born 16 February 1962, Auckland) is a former professional New Zealand rugby league footballer and coach. He was previously the head coach of the New Zealand national team (with whom he won the 2005 Tri-nations) and then England's Leeds Rhinos club (with whom he won the 2008 and 2009 Super League championships). 

McClennan also coached the Exiles team in the inaugural International Origin match in 2011 before being appointed head coach of National Rugby League club, the New Zealand Warriors but failing to complete the first season of his contract. McClennan is the son of former St. Helens coach Mike McClennan. 

Playing career

McClennan started his playing career at Mt Albert under the guidance of his dad, Mike. He played at Stand Off and also kicked goals.Coffey and Wood The Kiwis: 100 Years of International Rugby League ISBN 1-86971-090-8 When his dad moved to Northcote in 1989, Brian also moved and was a part of the team which won the Auckland Rugby League grand final that year.

McClennan also represented Auckland and in what was to be his final representative game he captained the province to a win over the touring Great Britain side. However he played for Auckland again, including in the Rugby League Cup challenge against Canterbury in 1994.Lion Red Rugby League Annual 1994, New Zealand Rugby Football League, 1994. p.164

In 1994 while player-coach at the Hibiscus Coast Raiders he played several games for the North Harbour Sea Eagles.Lion Red Rugby League Annual 1994, New Zealand Rugby Football League, 1994. p.102

Coaching career

New Zealand

Appointed the North Harbour rugby league development officer in 1994,  McClennan assisted U16 Coach John Ackland at the Auckland Warriors in 1995. He then took over as coach of third division Auckland side, the Hibiscus Coast Raiders, and led them to repeated Auckland Rugby League successes until they were invited to be part of the national Bartercard Cup.

He coached the Hibiscus Coast Raiders and Mt Albert Lions to championships in the Bartercard Cup, and was then assistant coach for the Kiwis under Daniel Anderson.[http://www.smh.com.au/news/league/nz-coach-seeking-glory-to-leave-adversity-behind/2005/10/13/1128796651457.html NZ coach seeking glory to leave adversity behind Sydney Morning Herald 14 October 2005]

Despite this, his appointment in June 2005 as national coach of New Zealand was controversial, mainly because he had no top-level experience in Australia or Great Britain. However, he led New Zealand to an upset triumph in the 2005 Tri-Nations series. New Zealand won the series final against Australia 24-0 at Elland Road, England. It was Australia's first defeat in a series or tournament since 1978. The margin equalled Australia's biggest ever losing margin

In 2006 he coached the Auckland Lions to the minor premiership in the Bartercard Cup. However the Kiwis lost both mid-season tests to the Kangaroos and Lions. That year he received the Rugby League International Federation's coach of the year award.  In 2007 he served as Director of Football to help the Auckland Lions prepare for their entrance into the NSWRL Premier League before leaving to concentrate on the Kiwis for the rest of the season.  In mid-2007 reports emerged that he was looking for a job in the National Rugby League. 

Super League

In July 2007 Leeds Rhinos announced that New Zealand national coach Brian McClennan would be joining the club as Head Coach on a two-year contract from 1 December 2007. McClennan subsequently resigned as national coach, his position taken up by Gary Kemble in August 2007. In his first season as coach, the Rhino's won the 2008 World Club Challenge, beating Melbourne Storm 11-4 at Elland Road.  Later that year he coached Leeds to the 2008 Super League Grand Final victory over St Helens.  The following year he achieved the same feat, beating St. Helens 18-10 in the 2009 Super League Grand Final. McClennan resigned after 2010's Super League XV, returning to New Zealand and working for the Auckland Rugby League as their development and coaching manager.

In 2011, McClennan was announced as the first coach of the Exiles, a team made up of Australian and New Zealand players contracted to Super League clubs. The Exiles defeated England in June in the first International Origin Match, a fixture intended to become an annual contest.

NRL

On 1 August 2011 McClennan was appointed Ivan Cleary's replacement as head coach of National Rugby League side, the New Zealand Warriors for the 2012 and 2013 seasons, as Cleary had signed on to coach the Penrith Panthers at the end of the 2011 season. After eight wins in 22 matches, including two losses after leading by 18 points, a 45-4 loss at home to the Sharks and a 52-12 loss to the Cowboys in consecutive weeks, McClennan was sacked by the Warriors.
Question:
Which Rugby League club has been coached by Brian McClennan and Brian McDermott?
Answer:
Leeds Rhinos RLFC
Passage:
Southernmost U.S. capital • Mordo Crosswords - Crossword ...
Southernmost U.S. capital • Mordo Crosswords - Crossword Puzzle Answers
Answers, Clues and Solutions for all the Puzzles
We think that knowledge should pass freely.
This time, we got the following crossword puzzle clue: Southernmost U.S. capital that also known as Southernmost U.S. capital dictionary.  First, we gonna look for more hints to the Southernmost U.S. capital crossword puzzle. Then we will collect all the required information and for solving Southernmost U.S. capital crossword .  In the final, we get all the possible answers for this crossword puzzle definition.
Honeymoons in Hawaii squares measure being chosen from couples marrying all told seasons, from red-faced June brides to red-nosed Dec brides. The plush island state has several faces, from its remote and isolated beaches to the new, hip, and happening of downtown state capital, the state's capital. Consisting of various islands, the terra firma state sometimes attracts guests to its four main islands: Oahu Island, the large Island of Hawaii, Kauai, and Maui. Every of those islands encompass a special side that draws couples seeking differing kinds of Honeymoons in Hawaii, from the swashbuckling to the romantic. If you want to incorporate many islands in your honeymoon, think about taking a cruise round the island state.
 
Here are more similar crossword definitions:
State capital that means "sheltered bay",
Capital whose name means "sheltered bay",
AFC-NFC Pro Bowl city;
Setting of the first revolving restaurant in the U.S.,
Chaminade University site,
Try Solution 8 letters: HONOLULU
 Do you have other crossword puzzle solutions?
Please write us in the comment box.
Did we help you ? Please click Like and Share.
good luck :)
Question:
What city is the southernmost state capital?
Answer:
Honolulu, Hawaii, USA
