Passage:
The Dying Swan
The Dying Swan (originally The Swan) is a solo choreographed by Mikhail Fokine in 1905 to Camille Saint-Saëns's Le Cygne from Le Carnaval des animaux as a pièce d'occasion for the ballerina Anna Pavlova, who performed it about 4,000 times. The short ballet (4 minutes) follows the last moments in the life of a swan, and was first presented in St. Petersburg, Russia in 1905. The ballet has since influenced modern interpretations of Odette in Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake and has inspired non-traditional interpretations and various adaptations.

Background

Inspired by swans that she had seen in public parks and Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem "The Dying Swan", Anna Pavlova (who had just become a ballerina at the Mariinsky Theatre) asked Michel Fokine to create a solo for her for a 1905 concert being given by artists from the chorus of the Imperial Mariinsky Opera. Fokine suggested Saint-Saëns's cello solo, Le Cygne (which Fokine had been playing at home on a mandolin to a friend's piano accompaniment) and Pavlova agreed. A rehearsal was arranged and the short dance completed very quickly. Fokine remarked in Dance Magazine (August 1931):

In 1934, Fokine told Arnold Haskell, author of Balletomania:

Plot summary

The ballet was originally entitled The Swan but acquired its now familiar title following Pavlova's tremulous interpretation of the work's dramatic arc as the expiration of life.  The dance is composed principally of supple upper body and arm movements and tiny, nibbling steps called pas de bourrée suivi.

The French critic André Levinson wrote:

Performances and critical commentary

The Dying Swan was first performed by Pavlova at a gala in the Noblemen's Hall, St. Petersburg, Russia, on Friday, 22 December 1905, and first performed in the United States at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, on 18 March 1910. American dance critic and photographer Carl Van Vechten noted that the ballet was "the most exquisite specimen of [Pavlova's] art which she has yet given to the public." Pavlova performed the role some 4,000 times and, on her deathbed in The Hague, reportedly cried, "Prepare my swan costume."

Fokine's granddaughter, Isabelle, notes that the ballet does not make "enormous technical demands" on the dancer but it does make "enormous artistic ones because every movement and every gesture should signify a different experience," which is "emerging from someone who is attempting to escape death." She notes that modern performances are significantly different from her grandfather's original conception and that the solo today is often made to appear to be a variation of Swan Lake—"Odette at death's door."  The ballet is not about a ballerina being able to transform herself into a swan, she states, but about death, with the swan simply being a metaphor for that.

Legacy

Pavlova was recorded dancing The Dying Swan in a 1925 silent, nearly complete film, to which sound is often post-applied. The short ballet has influenced interpretations of Odette in Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake, particularly in the parting of the lovers in the first lakeside scene.

The dance was almost immediately adapted following its premiere by various ballerinas across the globe to suit their techniques and temperaments. As a result, Fokine published an official version of the choreography in 1925, highlighted with 36 photographs of his wife Vera Fokina demonstrating the ballet's sequential poses. At a later date, Kirov-trained Natalia Makarova commented:

The ballet has been variously interpreted and adapted. The 1917 Russian film The Dying Swan by director Yevgeni Bauer, for example, tells the story of an artist who strangles a ballerina. Maya Plisetskaya re-interpreted the swan simply as elderly and stubbornly resisting the effects of aging, much like herself. Eventually the piece came to be considered one of Pavlova's trademarks. More recently, Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo perform a parody version that emphasizes every excess dormant in the choreography, and, in 2000, street theatre artist Judith Lanigan created a hula hoop act based on the Fokine/Pavlova ballet divertissement that has been performed at international street theatre festivals, comedy and burlesque events, and in traditional and contemporary-style circuses.

Several figure skaters have performed The Dying Swan with skate-choreography inspired by the original ballet. Maribel Vinson (1936 Olympic bronze medallist from the US) reviewed Sonja Henie's 1936 professional debut for The New York Times and noted:

Some ballerinas, including Ashley Bouder of New York City Ballet and Nina Ananiashvili, formerly of American Ballet Theatre, have used "Dying Swan" arms in Swan Lake when making Odette's exit at the end of Act II (the first lakeside scene).
Question:
Which ballerina is best known for the creation of the role 'The Dying Swan' in 1905?
Answer:
А́нна Па́вловна Па́влова
Passage:
R. Charleroi S.C.
Royal Charleroi Sporting Club (RCSC) (often simply known as Charleroi or Sporting Charleroi, or by their nickname Les Zèbres (The Zebras)) is a Belgian football club based in the city of Charleroi, in the province of Hainaut. Charleroi plays in the Belgian Pro League and their current spell at the highest level in Belgian football has started in the 1985–86 season. Charleroi was founded in 1904 and they first reached the first division in 1947–48. Their highest finish was runner-up in the 1968–69 season. They have also twice reached the Belgian Cup final, losing in 1977–78 to Beveren and in 1992–93 to Standard Liège.

Sporting Charleroi have a long-standing rivalry with city other club ROC de Charleroi-Marchienne, currently playing in the third division. Charleroi play their home matches at the Stade du Pays de Charleroi, which was refurbished for the UEFA Euro 2000. The stadium hosted 3 group stage games in the Euro 2000 among which the 1–0 victory of England against Germany. Charleroi have been recruiting several French players in recent years, including Michaël Ciani, Cyril Théréau and goalkeeper Bertrand Laquait.

History

Charleroi Sporting Club was founded in 1904 and they received the matricule n°22. Twenty years after their foundation, they qualified to play in the Promotion (then the second level in Belgian football) and in 1929, the club changed its name to Royal Charleroi Sporting Club. Rivals from Olympic Charleroi were playing in the first division in the late 1930s and the 1940s, while Sporting Charleroi was playing one level down, until they promoted in 1947. In 1949, Sporting Charleroi finished 4th (2 points behind Standard Liège) whereas Olympic Charleroi was 14th. But Olympic took the lead again until 1955 and their relegation to the second division. At the end of the 1956–57 season, Olympic Charleroi had promoted to the first division but Sporting Charleroi finished last in the first division and was thus relegated to the second division.  A spell of 9 seasons in the second division followed and in 1966–67 Sporting Charleroi was back at the top level. They finished at the second place in 1968–69 5 points behind Standard Liège but within two years they were relegated again.

In 1974 the first division was changing from 16 to 20 teams and Sporting Charleroi was chosen to play at the top level.  Olympic Charleroi promoted too as they had won the second division right before but they remained at the top level for just one season.  Sporting underwent a new relegation in 1979–80 (17th on 18) but was back five years later.  Their best result since then in the first division is a 4th place in 1993–94. In September 2005, the G-14 took FIFA to court over the 8-month injury incurred by Abdelmajid Oulmers whilst on international duty with Morocco.

Colours and badge

The colours of Charleroi are black and white with a shirt generally striped, which led to the team being nicknamed The Zebras.

Stadium

The actual ground was baptized in 1939 with a match Sporting-Union du Centre and it was located near the coal mine named Mambourg.  In 1985 the stadium was slightly modernized as the club had qualified for the first division.  It was then heavily renewed in the late 1990s in view of the 2000 European Football Championship.  The name changed on May 24, 1999 from Stade du Mambourg to Stade du Pays de Charleroi.  During the tournament, the full capacity of the stadium was up to 30,000 seats.  The Stade du Pays de Charleroi hosted notably the match between Germany and England.  The highest stand was eventually reduced and the capacity is now 16,000.

Honours

*Belgian First Division:
**Runners-up (1): 1968–69
*Belgian Second Division:
**Winners (2): 1946–47, 2011–12
**Runners-up (1): 1965–66
*Belgian Second Division Final Round:
**Winners (1): 1985
*Belgian Cup:
**Runners-up (2): 1977–78, 1992–93

European record

Overview

Correct as of May 2016

Matches

Current squad 

Updated 14 July, 2016.

Out on loan

For recent transfers, see List of Belgian football transfers winter 2013–14, List of Belgian football transfers summer 2014.

Coaches

* Jiří Sobotka (1968–69)
* Léopold Anoul (1974–75)
* Jean-Paul Colonval (1975–76)
* Aimé Anthuenis (July 1, 1987 – June 30, 1989)
* Georges Heylens (1990–92)
* Luka Peruzović (July 1, 1991 – June 30, 1992)
* Robert Waseige (July 1, 1992 – June 30, 1994)
* Georges Leekens (July 1, 1994 – July 30, 1995)
* Luka Peruzović (Aug 1, 1995 – June 30, 1997)
* Robert Waseige (July 1, 1997–99)
* Luka Peruzović (1999 – Dec 8, 1999)
* Raymond Mommens (1999–00)

* Manu Ferrera (2000)
* Enzo Scifo (2001–02)
* Dante Brogno (Nov 2002 – Oct 03)
* Robert Waseige (Oct 15, 2003 – April 26, 2004)
* Jacky Mathijssen (April 26, 2004 – June 30, 2007)
* Philippe Vande Walle (July 1, 2007 – Dec 10, 2007)
* Thierry Siquet (Dec 11, 2007 – Dec 9, 2008)
* John Collins (Dec 15, 2008 – June 30, 2009)
* Stéphane Demol (2009)
* Jacky Mathijssen (2009)
* Stéphane Demol (July 1, 2009 – Nov 1, 2009)
* Tommy Craig (Nov 20, 2009 – April 14, 2010)

* Jacky Mathijssen (July 1, 2010 – Sept 20, 2010)
* Csaba László (Sept 23, 2010 – March 17, 2011)
* Zoltan Kovacs (interim) (March 24, 2011 – April 4, 2011)
* Luka Peruzović (April 4, 2011 – June 30, 2011)
* Jos Daerden (July 1, 2011 – Sept 26, 2011)
* Tibor Balogh (Sept 27, 2011 – Feb 22, 2012)
* Mario Notaro (interim) (Feb 23, 2012 – March 5, 2012)
* Dennis van Wijk (March 5, 2012 – June 12, 2012)
* Yannick Ferrera (July 14, 2012 – Feb 14, 2013)
* Luka Peruzović (interim) (Feb 14, 2013 – March 13)
* Mario Notaro (interim) (March 2013 – April 13)
* Felice Mazzu (June 1, 2013–)
Question:
Royal Charleroi SC is a football club in which European country?
Answer:
Belguim
Passage:
The world will end in 2060, according to Newton | Daily ...
The world will end in 2060, according to Newton | Daily Mail Online
The world will end in 2060, according to Newton
By FIONA MACRAE
Last updated at 16:57 19 June 2007
His famously analytical mind worked out
the laws of gravity and unravelled the
motion of the planets.
And when it came to predicting the end
of the world, Sir Isaac Newton was just as
precise.
He believed the Apocalypse would
come in 2060 – exactly 1,260 years after
the foundation of the Holy Roman
Empire, according to a recently published letter.
Scroll down for more...
Luckily for modern scientists in awe of
his achievements, Newton based this
figure on religion rather than reasoning.
In a letter from 1704 which has gone on
show in Jerusalem’s Hebrew University,
Newton uses the Bible’s Book of Daniel to
calculate the date for the Apocalypse.
The note reveals a deeply spiritual side
to a man more usually regarded as a
strict rationalist. Newton, known as the
founder of modern physics, secured a
royal exemption from ordination in the
Church of England – something normally
expected of academics in his day – so he
would not have to follow its teachings.
But he confidently stated in the letter
that the Bible proved the world would
end in 2060, adding: "It may end later, but
I see no reason for its ending sooner."
Continuing in a decidedly sniffy tone, he
wrote: "This I mention not to assert when
the time of the end shall be, but to put a
stop to the rash conjectures of fanciful
men who are frequently predicting the
time of the end, and by doing so bring the
sacred prophesies into discredit as often
as their predictions fail."
The exact words from the Book of Daniel
that inspired his prediction are not clear.
But he got at least one thing right – in
another document, he interpreted
biblical prophecies to mean that the Jews
would return to the Holy Land before the
world ended.
Newton, who died 280 years ago, wrote
that the end of days would see "the ruin of
the wicked nations, the end of weeping
and of all troubles, the return of the Jews
(from) captivity and their setting up a
flourishing and everlasting Kingdom".
Yemima Ben-Menahem, one of the
curators of the exhibition, said: "These
documents show a scientist guided by
religious fervour, by a desire to see God’s
actions in the world."
The papers – including more prosaic
notes about his income and the price of
tin – lay in a trunk at the house of the Earl
of Portsmouth for 250 years before being
auctioned in the late 1930s.
Since 1969, many have been locked
away in Israel’s national library.
Question:
Which scientist wrote a letter in 1704 in which he predicted the end of the world in 2060 after studying Biblical texts?
Answer:
Isaac Newton
Passage:
Robert DeNiro Quotes - Tripod.com
Robert DeNiro Quotes
Robert DeNiro Quotes
Goodfellas -
 
Jimmy Conway: "You learned the two greatest thing in life, never rat                                     on your friends, and always keep your mouth shut."
 
Jimmy Conway: "As soon as he shoots him in the foot, he tells                                     him to go f**k himself. Tommy, you really gonna let him get away with that? You gonna let this f***in' punk get away with                                     that? What's the matter with you? What's the world coming' to?"
Jimmy Conway:  "What'd you say? Are you bein a f***in' wiseguy                                     with me? Huh? What'd I tell you? What did I tell you? What did I tell you? You don't buy anything, you hear me? Don't buy                                     anything!"
Taxi Driver -
 
Travis Bickle: "You talkin' to me?  You talkin' to me? You talkin'                                     to me? Then who the hell else are you talking to? You talkin' to me? Well. I'm the only one here."
 
Travis Bickle: "Some day a real rain will come and wash all the scum                                     off the streets."
 
Travis Bickle: "Listen you f***ers, you screwheads, here's a man who would not take it anymore, who would not let... Listen you f***ers you screwheads, here's a man who would not take it any                                     more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cons, the dogs, the filth, the s**t. Here is someone who stood up."
Casino -
 
Sam "Ace" Rothstien: "In the casino the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and keep                                     them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose. In then end we get it all"
 
 
 
Sam "Ace" Rothstien: "And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they f**k                                     around here. Do you understand?" "I'm sorry. I made a bad mistake." "Your f***ing right you made a bad mistake because if                                     you come back here and we catch either one of you, we're gonna brake your f***ing heads and you won't walk out of here.                                     See that f***ing saw, we're gonna use it. We don't f**k around in this place."
 
Max Cady: "Come Out Come Out Wherever you are"
 
Max Cady: "Maybe I'm the big bad wolf."
 
Max Cady: "I can out learn you, I can out think you, I can out philosophy you, and I'm gonna out                                     last you."
 
Max Cady: "Free as a bird apparently."
Midnight Run -
"If you don't co-operate you're gonna suffer from fistophobia."
 
- "You're a fu***ing criminal and you deserve to go where you're going and I'm gonna take you there and                                     if I hear any more s**t outta you. I'm gonna fu***ing bust your head and I'm gonna put you back in that fu***ing hole and                                     I'm gonna stick your head in
that fu***ing toilet bowl, and I'm gonna make it stay there."
Question:
In whch Robert Di Nero film would you hear the line You Talking To Me?
Answer:
Taxi driver
Passage:
What is so fragile that when you say its name you break it ...
What is so fragile that when you say its name you break it? | Reference.com
What is so fragile that when you say its name you break it?
A:
Quick Answer
The answer to this question is "silence." The trick behind this riddle is the word "say," as this term requires the action of verbalizing the answer out loud, hence breaking the silence.
Full Answer
One of the most famous riddles is that of the Sphinx. In this mythology, the Sphinx asked people a question to gain entrance to Thebes. The question asks, "What has four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon and three in the evening." The answer to this riddle is people, as babies crawl in the morning of their life. Adults walk on two legs during the afternoon of their life. Finally, elderly people use a cane during the twilight of their life.
Question:
What is so frasgile that even saying its name would break it?
Answer:
Quieter
Passage:
Cinnamomum cassia
Cinnamomum cassia, called Chinese cassia or Chinese cinnamon, is an evergreen tree originating in southern China, and widely cultivated there and elsewhere in southern and eastern Asia (India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam). It is one of several species of Cinnamomum used primarily for their aromatic bark, which is used as a spice. In the United States, Chinese cassia is the most common type of cinnamon used. The buds are also used as a spice, especially in India, and were once used by the ancient Romans.

The tree grows to 10–15 m tall, with greyish bark and hard, elongated leaves that are 10–15 cm long and have a decidedly reddish colour when young.

Production and uses

Chinese cassia is a close relative to Ceylon cinnamon (C. verum), Saigon cinnamon (C. loureiroi), also known as "Vietnamese cinnamon", Indonesian cinnamon (C. burmannii), also called "korintje", and Malabar cinnamon (C. citriodorum) from Sri Lanka. In all five species, the dried bark is used as a spice. Chinese cassia's flavour is less delicate than that of Ceylon cinnamon. Its bark is thicker, more difficult to crush, and has a rougher texture than that of Ceylon cinnamon.

Most of the spice sold as cinnamon in the United States, United Kingdom, and India is Chinese cinnamon.  "Indonesian cinnamon" (C. burmannii) is sold in much smaller amounts.

Chinese cassia is produced in both China and Vietnam. Until the 1960s, Vietnam was the world's most important producer of Saigon cinnamon, which has a higher oil content , and consequently has a stronger flavor. Because of the disruption caused by the Vietnam War, however, production of Indonesian cassia in the highlands of the Indonesia island of Sumatra was increased to meet demand.  Indonesian cassia has the lowest oil content of the three types of cassia, so commands the lowest price. Chinese cassia has a sweeter flavor than Indonesian cassia, similar to Saigon cinnamon, but with lower oil content.

Cassia bark (both powdered and in whole, or "stick" form) is used as a flavouring agent for confectionery, desserts, pastries, and meat; it is specified in many curry recipes, where Ceylon cinnamon is less suitable. Cassia is sometimes added to Ceylon cinnamon, but is a much thicker, coarser product. Cassia is sold as pieces of bark (as pictured below) or as neat quills or sticks. Cassia sticks can be distinguished from Ceylon cinnamon sticks in this manner: Ceylon cinnamon sticks have many thin layers and can easily be made into powder using a coffee or spice grinder, whereas cassia sticks are extremely hard and are usually made up of one thick layer.

Cassia buds, although rare, are also occasionally used as a spice. They resemble cloves in appearance and have a mild, flowery cinnamon flavor. Cassia buds are primarily used in old-fashioned pickling recipes, marinades, and teas. 

Health benefits and risks

Chinese cassia (called ròu gùi; 肉桂 in Chinese) is produced primarily in the southern provinces of Guangxi, Guangdong, and Yunnan. It is considered one of the 50 fundamental herbs in traditional Chinese medicine. 

Due to a blood-thinning component called coumarin, which could damage the liver if taken in huge amounts, European health agencies have warned against consuming high amounts of cassia.[http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=6672644 NPR: German Christmas Cookies Pose Health Danger] Other possible toxins founds in the bark/powder are cinnamaldehyde and styrene. 

Current research

Cinnamomum cassia is a medicinal plant that contains cinnamic aldehyde. Studies of cinnamic aldehyde treatment in mid-aged rats have resulted in alleviation of chronic unexpected stress-induced depressive-like behaviors. Cinnamic aldehyde is an enzyme inhibitor drug, immunologic drug, and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is administered orally to treat behavioral and mental disorders, targeting the hippocampus and the frontal cortex. Current findings might be beneficial in treating subjects in depression.
Question:
Cassia refers to variants of which spice?
Answer:
Kurundu
Passage:
The Gold Rush of 1849 - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
The Gold Rush of 1849 - Facts & Summary - HISTORY.com
The Gold Rush of 1849
The Gold Rush of 1849
Author
The Gold Rush of 1849
URL
A+E Networks
Introduction
The discovery of gold nuggets in the Sacramento Valley in early 1848 sparked the Gold Rush, arguably one of the most significant events to shape American history during the first half of the 19th century. As news spread of the discovery, thousands of prospective gold miners traveled by sea or over land to San Francisco and the surrounding area; by the end of 1849, the non-native population of the California territory was some 100,000 (compared with the pre-1848 figure of less than 1,000). A total of $2 billion worth of precious metal was extracted from the area during the Gold Rush, which peaked in 1852.
Google
Discovery at Sutter’s Mill
On January 24, 1848, James Wilson Marshall, a carpenter originally from New Jersey , found flakes of gold in the American River at the base of the Sierra Nevada Mountains near Coloma, California . At the time, Marshall was working to build a water-powered sawmill owned by John Sutter, a German-born Swiss citizen and founder of a colony of Nueva Helvetia (New Switzerland). (The colony would later become the city of Sacramento.) As Marshall later recalled of his historic discovery: “It made my heart thump, for I was certain it was gold.”
Did You Know?
Miners extracted more than 750,000 pounds of gold during the California Gold Rush.
Just days after Marshall’s discovery at Sutter’s Mill, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed, ending the Mexican-American War and leaving California in the hands of the United States. At the time, the population of the territory consisted of 6,500 Californios (people of Spanish or Mexican decent); 700 foreigners (primarily Americans); and 150,000 Native Americans (barely half the number that had been there when Spanish settlers arrived in 1769).
News Spreads
Though Marshall and Sutter tried to keep news of the discovery under wraps, word got out, and by mid-March at least one newspaper was reporting that large quantities of gold were being turned up at Sutter’s Mill. Though the initial reaction in San Francisco was disbelief, storekeeper Sam Brannan set off a frenzy when he paraded through town displaying a vial of gold obtained from Sutter’s Creek. By mid-June, some three-quarters of the male population of San Francisco had left town for the gold mines, and the number of miners in the area reached 4,000 by August.
As news spread of the fortunes being made in California, the first migrants to arrive were those from lands accessible by boat, such as Oregon , the Sandwich Islands (now Hawaii ), Mexico , Chile, Peru and even China. Only later would the news reach the East Coast, where press reports were initially skeptical. Gold fever kicked off there in earnest, however, after December 1848, when President James K. Polk announced the positive results of a report made by Colonel Richard Mason, California’s military governor, in his inaugural address. As Polk wrote, “The accounts of abundance of gold are of such an extraordinary character as would scarcely command belief were they not corroborated by the authentic reports of officers in the public service.”
The ’49ers Come to California
Throughout 1849, people around the United States (mostly men) borrowed money, mortgaged their property or spent their life savings to make the arduous journey to California. In pursuit of the kind of wealth they had never dreamed of, they left their families and hometowns; in turn, women left behind took on new responsibilities such as running farms or businesses and caring for their children alone. Thousands of would-be gold miners, known as ’49ers, traveled overland across the mountains or by sea, sailing to Panama or even around Cape Horn, the southernmost point of South America.
By the end of the year, the non-native population of California was estimated at 100,000, (as compared with 20,000 at the end of 1848 and around 800 in March 1848). To accommodate the needs of the ’49ers, gold mining towns had sprung up all over the region, complete with shops, saloons, brothels and other businesses seeking to make their own Gold Rush fortune. The overcrowded chaos of the mining camps and towns grew ever more lawless, including rampant banditry, gambling, prostitution and violence. San Francisco, for its part, developed a bustling economy and became the central metropolis of the new frontier.
The Gold Rush undoubtedly sped up California’s admission to the Union as the 31st state. In late 1849, California applied to enter the Union with a constitution preventing slavery, provoking a crisis in Congress between proponents of slavery and abolitionists. According to the Compromise of 1850 , proposed by Kentucky’s Senator Henry Clay , California was allowed to enter as a free state, while the territories of Utah and New Mexico were left open to decide the question for themselves.
Lasting Impact of the Gold Rush
After 1850, the surface gold in California largely disappeared, even as miners continued to arrive. Mining had always been difficult and dangerous labor, and striking it rich required good luck as much as skill and hard work. Moreover, the average daily take for an independent miner working with his pick and shovel had by then sharply decreased from what it had been in 1848. As gold became more and more difficult to reach, the growing industrialization of mining drove more and more miners from independence into wage labor. The new technique of hydraulic mining, developed in 1853, brought enormous profits but destroyed much of the region’s landscape.
Though gold mining continued throughout the 1850s, it had reached its peak by 1852, when some $81 million was pulled from the ground. After that year, the total take declined gradually, leveling off to around $45 million per year by 1857. Settlement in California continued, however, and by the end of the decade the state’s population was 380,000.
Tags
Question:
What was the name given to people who went to California to join in the goldrush in the mid 19th century?
Answer:
Fortyniner
Passage:
Barry Levinson
Barry Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American filmmaker, screenwriter, and actor. Levinson's best-known works are comedy-drama and drama films such as, Diner (1982), The Natural (1984), Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), Rain Man (1988), Bugsy (1991), and Wag the Dog (1997).    He won the Academy Award for Best Director for his work on Rain Man, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Early life

Levinson was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Violet "Vi" (née Krichinsky) and Irvin Levinson, who worked in the furniture and appliance business.   His family was of Russian Jewish descent.  

Career

Levinson's first writing work was for variety shows such as The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine, The Lohman and Barkley Show, The Tim Conway Show, and The Carol Burnett Show. After some success as a screenwriter – notably the Mel Brooks comedies Silent Movie (1976) and High Anxiety (1977) (in which he played a bellboy) and the Oscar-nominated script (co-written by then-wife Valerie Curtin) ...And Justice for All (1979) – Levinson began his career as a director with Diner (1982), for which he had also written the script and which earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Screenplay.

Diner was the first of a series of films set in the Baltimore of Levinson's youth. The others were Tin Men (1987), a story of aluminum-siding salesmen in the 1960s starring Richard Dreyfuss and Danny DeVito; the immigrant family saga Avalon (which featured Elijah Wood in one of his earliest screen appearances), and Liberty Heights (1999).

His biggest hit, both critically and financially, was Rain Man (1988), a sibling drama starring Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise (Levinson appeared in a cameo as a doctor). The film won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. It also won the Golden Bear at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Another of his notable films is the popular period baseball drama The Natural (1984), starring Robert Redford. Redford would later direct Quiz Show (1994) and cast Levinson as television personality Dave Garroway. Levinson also directed the classic war comedy Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), starring Robin Williams, with whom he later collaborated on the fantasy Toys (1992) and the political comedy Man of the Year (2006). Levinson also directed the critically acclaimed historical crime drama Bugsy (1991), which starred Warren Beatty and was nominated for ten Academy Awards.

He directed Dustin Hoffman again in Wag the Dog (1997), a political comedy co-starring Robert De Niro about a war staged in a film studio (Levinson had been an uncredited co-writer on Hoffman's 1982 hit comedy Tootsie). The film won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Levinson partnered with producer Mark Johnson to form the film production company Baltimore Pictures. The two parted ways in 1994. Levinson has been a producer or executive producer for such major productions as The Perfect Storm (2000), directed by Wolfgang Petersen; Analyze That (2002), starring De Niro as a neurotic mob boss and Billy Crystal as his therapist, and Possession (2002), based on the best-selling novel by A. S. Byatt.

He has a television production company with Tom Fontana (The Levinson/Fontana Company) and served as executive producer for a number of series, including Homicide: Life on the Street (which ran on NBC from 1993 to 1999) and the HBO prison drama Oz. Levinson also played an uncredited main role as a judge in the short-lived TV series The Jury.

Levinson published his first novel, Sixty-Six (ISBN 0-7679-1533-X), in 2003. Like several of his films, it is semi-autobiographical and set in Baltimore in the 1960s. He directed two webisodes of the American Express ads "The Adventures of Seinfeld and Superman". In 2004, Levinson was the recipient of the Austin Film Festival's Distinguished Screenwriter Award. Levinson directed a documentary PoliWood about the 2008 Democratic and Republican National Conventions. The documentary, produced by Tim Daly, Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc, had its premiere at the 2009 Tribeca Film Festival.

Levinson is in production on a film based on Whitey Bulger, the Boston crime boss.  The film Black Mass (script by Jim Sheridan, Jez Butterworth, and Russell Gewirtz) is based on the book by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill, and is said to be the "true story of Billy Bulger, Whitey Bulger, FBI agent John Connelly and the FBI's witness protection program that was created by J. Edgar Hoover." 

In September 2013, Levinson was set to direct the film titled Rock the Kasbah, written by Mitch Glazer. Bruce Willis, Shia LaBeouf, Bill Murray and Kate Hudson will star in the film. He has also finished production on The Humbling (2015), starring Al Pacino.

In 2010 Levinson received the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement, which is the lifetime achievement award from the Writers Guild of America.

Filmography

Film

Television
Question:
Who directed Good Morning Vietnam?
Answer:
Barry Levinson
Passage:
Bloodgate
The Bloodgate Scandal was a rugby union scandal involving the English team Harlequins in their Heineken Cup match against the Irish side Leinster on 12 April 2009. It was so called because of the use of fake blood capsules, and has been seen by some as one of the biggest scandals in rugby since professionalisation in the mid-1990s.

Events

During the quarter final of the 2009 Heineken Cup against Leinster, Harlequins wing Tom Williams came off the field with what turned out to be a faked blood injury in order to facilitate a tactical substitution for Nick Evans to re-enter the field having gone off earlier injured. An investigation by the ERC and the RFU revealed that blood injuries had also been faked by Harlequins to enable tactical substitutions on four previous occasions. These findings resulted in a twelve-month ban for Williams (reduced to 4 months on appeal  ), a three-year ban for former director of rugby Dean Richards and a two-year ban for physiotherapist Steph Brennan as well as a £260,000 fine for the club.  
The club chairman Charles Jillings subsequently tendered his resignation  while the club doctor Wendy Chapman was suspended by the GMC for cutting Williams's lip to hide his use of the blood capsule. 
On 2 September 2009, it was reported that Harlequins had escaped being thrown out of the Heineken Cup following the scandal when the board of organisers European Rugby Cup (ERC) said it approved of the bans and fines already handed out. 

The affair was dubbed by many in the media "Bloodgate". Leinster won the game 6-5, going on to win the Heineken Cup for the first time.

Aftermath

Mark Evans, chief executive of Harlequin FC has said:
"You would be incredibly naive to think (the Bloodgate stigma) will ever disappear completely. Things like that don't. They become part of history and, like good or bad seasons, are woven into the fabric of any club." 

Richards resigned from his post at Harlequins over an incident in which it was acknowledged that he had orchestrated and had "central control"  over a fake blood injury to Tom Williams during a Heineken Cup fixture against Leinster.  He was given a three-year suspension from coaching as punishment. 
The International Rugby Board (IRB) also confirmed that they would apply the ban to rugby union worldwide. 

Dr Chapman, the medic who cut Williams' lip, appeared  before the General Medical Council charged with alleged conduct likely to bring the profession into disrepute.  The appearance resulted in Dr Chapman being warned but allowed to continue practising medicine.
Question:
The 2009 'Bloodgate' rugby union scandal centred on which club?
Answer:
Harlequin (disambiguation)
Passage:
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
The Seven Wonders of the World or the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World refers to remarkable constructions of classical antiquityAnon. (1993), The Oxford Illustrated Encyclopedia, First Edition, Oxford: Oxford University. listed by various authors in guidebooks popular among ancient Hellenic tourists, particularly in the 1st and 2nd centuries BC. The most prominent of these, the versions by Antipater of Sidon  and an observer identified as Philo of Byzantium, comprise seven works located around the eastern Mediterranean rim. The original list inspired innumerable versions through the ages, often listing seven entries. Of the original Seven Wonders, only one—the Great Pyramid of Giza, the oldest of the ancient wonders—remains relatively intact. The Colossus of Rhodes, the Lighthouse of Alexandria, the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, the Temple of Artemis and the Statue of Zeus were all destroyed. The location and ultimate fate of the Hanging Gardens are unknown, with speculation that they may not have existed at all.

Background

The Greek conquest of much of the known western world in the 4th century BC gave Hellenistic travellers access to the civilizations of the Egyptians, Persians, and Babylonians. Impressed and captivated by the landmarks and marvels of the various lands, these travellers began to list what they saw to remember them.

Instead of "wonders", the ancient Greeks spoke of "theamata" (θεάματα), which means "sights", in other words "things to be seen" (Τὰ ἑπτὰ θεάματα τῆς οἰκουμένης [γῆς] '). Later, the word for "wonder" ("thaumata" θαύματα, "wonders") was used.  Hence, the list was meant to be the Ancient World's counterpart of a travel guidebook.

Each person had their own version of the list, but the best known and earliest surviving was from a poem by Greek-speaking epigrammist Antipater of Sidon from around 140 BC. He named six of the seven sites on his list (leaving out the lighthouse), but was primarily in praise of the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus:

Another 2nd century BC observer, who claimed to be the mathematician Philo of Byzantium, wrote a short account entitled The Seven Sights of the World. However, the incomplete surviving manuscript only covered six of the supposedly seven places, which agreed with Antipater's list.

Earlier and later lists by the historian Herodotus (484 BC–ca. 425 BC) and the architect Callimachus of Cyrene (ca. 305–240 BC), housed at the Museum of Alexandria, survived only as references.

The Colossus of Rhodes was the last of the seven to be completed, after 280 BC, and the first to be destroyed, by an earthquake in 226/225 BC. Hence, all seven existed at the same time for a period of less than 60 years.
Antipater had an earlier version which replaced Lighthouse of Alexandria with the Walls of Babylon. Lists which preceded the construction of Colossus of Rhodes completed their seven entries with the inclusion of the Ishtar Gate.

Scope

The list covered only the sculptural and architectural monuments of the Mediterranean and Middle Eastern regions, which then comprised the known world for the Greeks. Hence, extant sites beyond this realm were not considered as part of contemporary accounts.

The primary accounts, coming from Hellenistic writers, also heavily influenced the places included in the wonders list. Five of the seven entries are a celebration of Greek accomplishments in the arts and architecture (the exceptions being the Pyramids of Giza and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon).

Wonders 

Influence

Arts and architecture

The seven wonders on Antipater's list won praises for their notable features, ranging from superlatives of the highest or largest of their types, to the artistry with which they were executed. Their architectural and artistic features were imitated throughout the Hellenistic world and beyond.

The Greek influence in Roman culture, and the revival of Greco-Roman artistic styles during the Renaissance caught the imagination of European artists and travellers.  Paintings and sculptures alluding to Antipater's list were made, while adventurers flocked to the actual sites to personally witness the wonders. Legends circulated to further complement the superlatives of the wonders.

Modern lists

Of Antipater's wonders, the only one that has survived to the present day is the Great Pyramid of Giza. Its brilliant white stone facing had survived intact until around 1300 AD, when local communities removed most of the stonework for building materials. The existence of the Hanging Gardens has not been proven, although theories abound.  Records and archaeology confirm the existence of the other five wonders. The Temple of Artemis and the Statue of Zeus were destroyed by fire, while the Lighthouse of Alexandria, Colossus, and tomb of Mausolus were destroyed by earthquakes. Among the artifacts to have survived are sculptures from the tomb of Mausolus and the Temple of Artemis in the British Museum in London.

Still, the listing of seven of the most marvellous architectural and artistic human achievements continued beyond the Ancient Greek times to the Roman Empire, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance and to the modern age. The Roman poet Martial and the Christian bishop Gregory of Tours had their versions. Reflecting the rise of Christianity and the factor of time, nature and the hand of man overcoming Antipater's seven wonders, Roman and Christian sites began to figure on the list, including the Colosseum, Noah's Ark and Solomon's Temple. In the 6th century, a list of seven wonders was compiled by St. Gregory of Tours: the list  included the Temple of Solomon, the Pharos of Alexandria and Noah's Ark.

Modern historians, working on the premise that the original Seven Ancient Wonders List was limited in its geographic scope, also had their versions to encompass sites beyond the Hellenistic realm—from the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World to the Seven Wonders of the World. Indeed, the "seven wonders" label has spawned innumerable versions among international organizations, publications and individuals based on different themes—works of nature, engineering masterpieces, constructions of the Middle Ages, etc. Its purpose has also changed from just a simple travel guidebook or a compendium of curious places, to lists of sites to defend or to preserve.
Question:
"What city's ""Hanging Gardens"" were a Wonder of the World? (although they may have never existed)"
Answer:
Babylon (city)
Passage:
Bruce Tuckman
Bruce Wayne Tuckman  (1938-2016) carried out research into the theory of group dynamics. In 1965, he published one of his theories called "Tuckman's stages of group development". In 1977, he added a fifth stage named Adjourning. According to the Tuckman theory of group development, there are four phases of group development: Forming, Storming, Norming, Performing (and Adjourning, added in 1977). 

Tuckman was also known for his research on college students' procrastination and development of the Tuckman Procrastination Scale (1991).

He served as professor of educational psychology at The Ohio State University, where he founded and directed the Walter E. Dennis Learning Center with the mission of providing students of all backgrounds with strategies for college success that enabled them to enter, excel in, and complete programs of postsecondary education. To teach students strategies for succeeding in college, he co-authored the textbook, Learning and Motivation Strategies: Your Guide to Success, with Dennis A. Abry and Dennis R. Smith.

Educational background

*Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute: 1960 graduated with B.S. Psychology. Born in Surrey.
*Princeton University: 1962 graduated with M.A. Psychology
*Princeton University: 1963 graduated with Ph.D. Psychology
*In 1991 Tuckman researched and developed a 32-item Procrastination Scale that measured the degree to which a person procrastinated.
*Professor Tuckman was also an avid runner who wrote the novel Long Road to Boston.

Bibliography

* Tuckman, Bruce W. (1965) ‘Developmental sequence in small groups’, Psychological Bulletin, 63, 384-399. The article was reprinted in Group Facilitation: A Research and Applications Journal, Number 3, Spring 2001 and is available as a Word document: [http://dennislearningcenter.osu.edu/references/GROUP%20DEV%20ARTICLE.doc. Accessed January 14, 2005].
Question:
Bruce Tuckman's theory about team development uses what four sequential rhyming words to describe the four stages of a group's progression?
Answer:
Stages of small group development
Passage:
Lost Moon
Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 (published in paperback as Apollo 13), is a non-fiction book first published in 1994 by astronaut James Lovell and journalist Jeffrey Kluger, about the failed April, 1970 Apollo 13 lunar landing mission which Lovell commanded. The book is the basis of the 1995 film adaptation Apollo 13, directed by Ron Howard.

Apollo 13 was the third mission of the Apollo program intended to land men on the Moon. An explosion of an onboard liquid oxygen tank in the Service Module, when the craft was close to reaching the Moon, crippled the electrical power generation and propulsion systems for the Command Module Odyssey. This necessitated the abort of the lunar landing, and placed the lives of astronauts Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise in serious jeopardy. The mission became famous for the safe return of the men, made possible by the flight controllers' resourceful adaptation of the electrical, propulsion, and life support systems of the LM (Lunar Module) Aquarius as a "lifeboat".

Physical description

* Hardcover, 378 pages
* Publisher: Houghton Mifflin (T) (October 1994)
* Language: English
* ISBN 0-395-67029-2
* Dimensions: 1.5 × 6.2 × 9.2 inches
Question:
The 1994 book Lost Moon is the basis of what subsequent year's Hollywood hit?
Answer:
Houston we have a problem
Passage:
National Gallery of Art - Mark Rothko: Seagram Murals
National Gallery of Art - Mark Rothko:  Seagram Murals
Mark Rothko:  Seagram Murals
December 6, 2011–July 22, 2012
This exhibition is no longer on view at the National Gallery. Please follow the links below for related online resources or visit our current exhibitions schedule.
Related Resources
In the Tower: Mark Rothko
Exhibition Brochure
Modern and Contemporary Painting and Sculpture
In June 1958, Mark Rothko accepted a commission to decorate a dining room in the Four Seasons restaurant of the Seagram Building on Park Avenue in Manhattan, a new modernist skyscraper by Philip Johnson and Mies van der Rohe. Departing from his wonted format of floating rectangles in glowing colors, Rothko produced wine-dark paintings with ambiguous portal shapes evoking what he called a "closed space." From the fall of 1958 into 1959 he was completely absorbed, making more than thirty even though the room only offered places for seven. At the same time, he became increasingly doubtful that a luxury restaurant with its wealthy patrons was the appropriate venue for his art. He withdrew, canceling what would have been his first painted environment—a "place," as he ambitiously said, rather than just a group of paintings. He did, however, complete commissions for a room at Harvard University and a chapel in Houston before his death in 1970.
In 1985 and 1986, the National Gallery of Art received a vast gift of works from the Mark Rothko Foundation, including several paintings deriving from the so-called Seagram Mural project. The installation of three of these in the Concourse galleries of the East Building is timed to coincide with the presentation of John Logan's play Red at Arena Stage (January 20 to March 4), which dramatizes Rothko's struggle with the commission.
Organization: Organized by the National Gallery of Art.
Schedule: National Gallery of Art, December 6, 2011–July 22, 2012
Question:
Which artist painted 'The Seagram Murals'?
Answer:
Marcus Rothkovich
Passage:
What is a jockey's uniform called? | Reference.com
What is a jockey's uniform called? | Reference.com
What is a jockey's uniform called?
A:
Quick Answer
The colorful jackets that horse racing jockeys wear are referred to as silks. The name is derived from the silk material from which the jackets were originally made.
Full Answer
In modern times, the uniforms are primarily made of nylon taffeta, satin and lycra. A jockey's silks are often accompanied by a matching helmet, vest and gloves.
While those who bet on horse races tend to be superstitious, jockeys are equally superstitious about the color silks they wear during races. During certain races, jockeys prefer to wear certain colors because a higher percentages of racers have won races while wearing those colors. When jockeys are given or purchase a new uniform, they often throw it on the ground, stomp on it and soil it so as to ward off any similar misfortune during the race.
Question:
What in horse racing terms are a jockeys hat and shirt called?
Answer:
Silk (film)
Passage:
Randolph Turpin
Randolph Adolphus Turpin (7 June 1928 – 17 May 1966), better known as Randolph Turpin, and in the United States also as Randy Turpin, was an English boxer who was considered by some to be Europe's best middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s. In 1951 he became world middleweight champion when he defeated Sugar Ray Robinson. Turpin was inducted into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in 2001.

Biography

Born in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, to a black father Lionel who was born in British Guyana in 1886, and died within a year of Randolph's birth, having never recovered
from injuries suffered in a gas attack during the battle of the Somme, leaving his mother Beatrice (née Whitehouse, 1904–1974), to raise four children.  He started, like his brother Dick, to be trained in the art of boxing at Leamington Boys' Club.

Turpin turned professional in London in 1946, soon after his 18th birthday. Trained by his elder brother Dick, who himself was a successful middleweight, Randolph knocked out Gordon Griffiths in his first bout. Turpin put together a string of 16 wins in a row, all over the United Kingdom, until drawing with Mark Hart over six rounds in his last bout of 1947.

Three wins later, he found himself facing Albert Finch who inflicted on Turpin his first defeat, an 8-round-decision loss. After one more win he lost again, knocked out in five rounds by Jean Stock in London.

Turpin was determined not to lose again after the Stock defeat, and put together another string of wins which reached 12 (including a four-round disqualification win against William Poli). Rematched with Finch, this time with the British middleweight title on the line, Turpin avenged his first loss and won his first championship by knocking out Finch in five rounds on 17 October 1950 at Harringay Arena.

Three more wins followed, including a disqualification win in eight rounds against important challenger Tommy Yarosz. He then met European middleweight champion Luc Van Dam in London, whom he knocked out in the first round to seize the European championship.

Four wins followed after that, including a rematch with Stock, against whom he avenged his second defeat, knocking him out in five rounds. Then world middleweight champion Sugar Ray Robinson travelled to London and, on 10 July 1951, risked his title against Turpin, who won the world title by beating Robinson on a 15-round decision.

Turpin became an instant national hero.  His win over Robinson gave him such celebrity that even many people who were not boxing fans knew who he was. When he signed for a rematch with Robinson and chose Gwrych Castle near Abergele in North Wales to train, the castle was constantly hounded by fans and tourists. 

Decline

His days as a world champion did not last long, however, and when he made his first trip outside his homeland for a fight, he lost his crown to Robinson by a tenth-round TKO with eight seconds left in the round at the Polo Grounds in New York on 12 September 1951.

This turned out to be the beginning of Turpin's problems, because he would begin to miss the sweet life that being a world boxing champion gave him.

He tried to regain his former status and, three fights later, beat Don Cockell in 11 rounds by a knockout to win the British Commonwealth light-heavyweight title.

Turpin went back down in weight, and beat Georges Angelo to regain his British middleweight title, and put on another string of wins, leading to his challenge of Bobo Olson for the world middleweight title that Robinson had left vacant after retiring. His second trip to New York turned into another 15-round defeat, this time at the hands of Olson.

In 1954, he went to Rome where he lost his European middleweight title by a knockout in the first round to Tiberio Mitri.

He kept trying mightily as he could to regain his former condition as a world champion and even retained his British middleweight title a few times in his next ten fights, but he lost two of them to obscure opponents.

After that, he managed another winning streak against some obscure boxers, but by 1958 it was clear his best days in boxing were long over. He lost that year to Yolande Pompey, another future world title challenger, by a second-round knockout in Birmingham, and retired in 1959.

In 1962, he began another comeback which lasted for only two fights, both of which he won, the last being held in Malta.

He retired with a record of 66 wins, eight losses and one draw. Of his 66 wins, 48 came by knockout.

By now he was so short of money that he resorted to professional wrestling. His name meant that he drew moderate crowds for a short time, but in the end this venture was not a success because he was a fighter not a showman.

Retirement and suicide

According to articles, reports and a biography, Turpin couldn't deal with the obscurity resulting from the loss of his crown. In Llandudno in Wales, he bought a public house on the Great Orme, which today retains several genuine artefacts from his career. Between 1952 and 1961, he was the registered licensee. 

After being declared bankrupt, Turpin committed suicide by shooting himself in May 1966. It is reported that, on the same day, he tried to kill his daughter. 

On 17 May 1966 he was found dead in his home Gwen's Transport Cafe in Leamington Spa, where he lived with his wife and four daughters. One of his daughters, Carmen aged four, was taken to hospital in Birmingham with two gun shot wounds and survived. 

Memorial

Turpin was inducted as a member of the International Boxing Hall Of Fame in Canastota, New York in 2001. There is a statue of him in Market Square, Warwick.
Question:
At which weight did both Randolph Turpin and Nigel Benn win boxing world titles?
Answer:
MIDDLEWEIGHT
Passage:
Riba Stirling Prize 2014: Liverpool Everyman Theatre wins ...
Riba Stirling Prize 2014: Liverpool Everyman Theatre wins - BBC News
BBC News
Riba Stirling Prize 2014: Liverpool Everyman Theatre wins
16 October 2014
Close share panel
Media captionStaff and visitors to the new Liverpool Everyman talk about the building
Liverpool's newly rebuilt Everyman Theatre has won the Riba Stirling Prize for best new building of the year.
The venue beat five other buildings to win the honour - the Royal Institute of British Architects' highest accolade.
Riba president Stephen Hodder called the Everyman an "exceptional new building".
"It is a ground-breaking example of how to build a daring bold and highly sustainable large public building in a historic city centre," he said.
Media captionThe original theatre was taken down brick by brick and each one reused in the new building
The Everyman Theatre - famed for launching the careers of actors including Bill Nighy, Julie Walters and Pete Postlethwaite - first opened in 1964 in the shell of a 19th Century chapel on one of Liverpool's main streets.
However over the years it fell into a state of disrepair and architects Haworth Tompkins were tasked with designing a new theatre as part of a nine-year £27m rebuilding project, retaining its theme of being a "theatre for the people".
The building's facade features 105 punched aluminium panels portraying life-size images of Liverpool residents. Thousands queued to have their pictures taken, with the successful applicants having digital versions of their pictures etched onto the metal sun shades.
Image copyright Philip Vile
Image caption The rebuilding process was boosted by £17m of National Lottery funding
"The success of this exceptional new building lies in the architect's close involvement with the local community throughout the project," Mr Hodder said.
"Haworth Tompkins have struck the perfect balance between continuity and change to win the hearts and minds of the people of Liverpool with the vibrant new Everyman."
The theatre said it was "thrilled" to win the award.
"The Everyman was built with humanity at its heart," artistic director Gemma Bodinetz said.
"Since we reopened, the warmth of feeling from the public to their much-loved Everyman - given a daring and brilliant rebirth - has been almost overwhelming.
"Haworth Tompkins have delivered us a building that is sustainable, technically first rate and with unparalleled levels of accessibility for a theatre."
Everyman Theatre - interactive video
Known locally as the "Ev", it was originally housed in a 19th Century chapel
Redesign set out to maintain its "grubbiness" and history
Taken down brick by brick, so each could be re-used in the new building
See the theatre in full in BBC Magazine's interactive video
Steve Tompkins of Haworth Tompkins said: "Winning the Riba Stirling Prize is an enormous honour for our project team and our clients, the reward for an intensive collaboration over almost a decade, during which we have grown to love the Everyman and the great city that it serves.
"It is also an important endorsement of our studio's ethos and an encouragement to carry on working the way we do, despite the pressures all of us are under to speed up and dumb down. We couldn't be more delighted."
The other shortlisted buildings included London's Shard and the Library of Birmingham - which topped the BBC News website readers' poll with 30% of about 90,000 votes.
Manchester School of Art, the London Aquatics Centre and the LSE Student Centre were also nominated.
Last year's winner was Astley Castle in Warwickshire, a modern holiday home inserted into the walls of an ancient castle.
Several other awards were also announced on Thursday with Stormy Castle on Gower Peninsula in Wales winning the 2014 RIBA Manser Medal for the best new private home.
House No 7 on Isle of Tiree in Scotland, won the Stephen Lawrence Prize for the best project with a construction budget of less than £1m.
Image copyright Philip Vile
Question:
The architects of which Liverpool building won the 2014 Stirling Prize?
Answer:
The Everyman Theatre
