Passage:
Azharuddin and 4 Others Are Punished for Cricket Match ...
Azharuddin and 4 Others Are Punished for Cricket Match Fixing : Former India Captain Banned - The New York Times
The New York Times
Sports |Azharuddin and 4 Others Are Punished for Cricket Match Fixing : Former India Captain Banned
Search
Azharuddin and 4 Others Are Punished for Cricket Match Fixing : Former India Captain Banned
By PRADEEP MAGAZINE and INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE
DEC. 6, 2000
Continue reading the main story
NEW DELHI— Mohammed Azharuddin, the former India captain and one of world cricket's finest batsmen, was banned from the sport for life Tuesday for his involvement in match fixing.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India, or BCCI, whose role in the matter had come under criticism from India's federal investigation agency, known as the CBI, also announced bans for three other players and a former India team physiotherapist.
Ajay Sharma, who played for the country in one test match against the West Indies in 1989, also was banned for life. Ajay Jadeja, a middle-order batsman, Dr. Ali Irani, a physiotherapist, and, ironically, Manoj Prabhakar, who started the scandal when he accused others of match fixing, all received five-year bans for their involvement with bookmakers.
"This is a sad day in the annals of Indian cricket," A.C. Muthiah, chief of the BCCI, said after a meeting of the board's disciplinary committee in Madras.
Continue reading the main story
"There is clear evidence of match fixing against Azharuddin," Muthiah said. "There also is evidence that Sharma acted as a conduit for match fixing. That's why we clubbed the two of them together and gave life bans. Others had nexus with bookmakers and introduced players to the bookmakers, which is a serious breach of cricketing codes."
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
The BCCI has been under pressure since the release of a CBI report on match fixing in November. The report accused these players of having links with bookies and of "under-performing" in return for huge sums of money. In a country where cricket means what soccer does in Europe, there has been a public outcry demanding punishment for the guilty.
The CBI devoted a full chapter of its report to the BCCI. The report said that while there was no evidence that any officials were involved in match fixing, such a widespread racket was not possible without their knowledge.
Before the CBI report become public, Azharuddin said he was being targeted because, as a Muslim, he belonged to the minority community. He did not comment Tuesday.
Sharma, the other player banned for life, told a news agency that "the decision of the board is arbitrary" and that he was "going to seek legal remedy."
Jadeja denied any wrongdoing and said he would appeal against the punishment. "I have to restore my credibility," he said. "I will appeal to the board and even go to the court to get justice."
The CBI report had linked Sharma with Azharuddin, saying the former was responsible for introducing the bookmaker Mukesh Gupta to Azharuddin. Hansie Cronje, the South African captain banned in October, has said Azharuddin introduced him to Gupta in 1997 in India.
Given the nature of politics in India — the governing Bharatiya Janata Party is a rightist Hindu party — the indictment of Azharuddin might have the potential of becoming a socially explosive issue. The situation may be defused by the fact that there are others being punished who do not belong to the minority community.
The most bizarre and mysterious role in the matter is that of Prabhakar. The scandal began in India in 1997 when Prabhakar wrote, in a signed article in a Delhi-based magazine, that he was offered 2.5 million rupees ($53,000) by a teammate to underperform in a match against Pakistan in 1994.
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
When Prabhakar later said that the player was Kapil Dev, the great Indian all-rounder and team captain, he sent the nation into a tailspin. In May, shortly after Cronje was charged in India and accused of fixing two matches against India in 1999, the government ordered the CBI probe.
The CBI exonerated Kapil but alleged that Prabhakar had played a leading role in introducing international cricketers to Gupta, including Brian Lara, the former West Indies captain; Alec Stewart, the former England captain; Dean Jones, the Australian batsman; and Arjuna Ranatunga and Arvinda de Silva, the former Sri Lankan captains.
"I launched the crusade to cleanse the game and I have succeeded in doing it," Prabhakar said. "But I feel sad that the BCCI did not even have the courtesy to note the contribution I made to clear the dirt. It instead equated me with other players.
"There is a lot of difference between me and them. I was fighting against the system of which they were a part."
Prabhakar's accusation in 1997 had appeared against a backdrop of widespread allegations of match fixing by Pakistani players and accusations by two Australian players — Mark Waugh and Shane Warne — that a former Pakistani captain, Salim Malik, had offered them bribe to throw a test match.
The Indian public was willing to believe that match fixing happened outside its own borders, but those who pointed fingers at Indian players were called "traitors" and even "anti-national."
Pakistan was the first country to react to the allegations. After a judicial probe, Malik was banned for life and Wasim Akram, Pakistan's best-known player, was fined.
The inquiry even alleged that Waugh and Shane had taken money from Indian bookmakers. The pair were fined after admitting they had given an Indian bookmaker information on weather and the state of the wicket.
When Cronje admitted his links with the same bookmaker it became hard for Indian fans to believe their own players were not tainted.
Advertisement
Pradeep Magazine is the sports editor of India-Today.com
[Not to be reproduced without the permission of the author.]
Question:
Who was the South African cricket captain who was banned for life in 2000 for his part in a match-fixing scandal?
Answer:
Hansie Cronjé
Passage:
Lentigo
A lentigo (plural lentigines,) is a small pigmented spot on the skin with a clearly defined edge, surrounded by normal-appearing skin. It is a harmless (benign) hyperplasia of melanocytes which is linear in its spread. This means the hyperplasia of melanocytes is restricted to the cell layer directly above the basement membrane of the epidermis where melanocytes normally reside. This is in contrast to the "nests" of multi-layer melanocytes found in moles (melanocytic nevi). Because of this characteristic feature, the adjective "lentiginous" is used to describe other skin lesions that similarly proliferate linearly within the basal cell layer.  

Lentigines are distinguished from freckles (ephelis) based on the proliferation of melanocytes. Freckles have a relatively normal number of melanocytes but an increased amount of melanin. A lentigo has an increased number of melanocytes. Freckles will increase in number and darkness with sunlight exposure, whereas lentigines will stay stable in their color regardless of sunlight exposure.

Conditions characterized by lentigines include: 

* Lentigo simplex
* Solar lentigo (Liver spots)
* PUVA lentigines
* Ink spot lentigo
* LEOPARD syndrome
* Mucosal lentigines
* Multiple lentigines syndrome
* Moynahan syndrome
* Generalized lentiginosis
* Centrofacial lentiginosis
* Carney complex
* Inherited patterned lentiginosis in black persons
* Partial unilateral lentiginosis
* Peutz-Jeghers syndrome
* Acral lentiginous melanoma
Question:
Lentigines is the medical name for what?
Answer:
Ephelides
Passage:
Birthstone
A birthstone is a gemstone that represents a person's month of birth. Birth stones are and can be worn as jewellery and pendants.

History of birthstones

Western custom

The first century Jewish historian Josephus believed there was a connection between the twelve stones in Aaron's breastplate, the twelve months of the year, and the twelve signs of the zodiac.  Translations and interpretations of the passage in Exodus regarding the breastplate have varied widely, however, with Josephus himself giving two different lists for the twelve stones  (Kunz argues that Josephus saw the breastplate of the Second Temple, not the one described in Exodus).  St. Jerome, referencing Josephus, said the Foundation Stones of the New Jerusalem (Revelation 21:19–20) would be appropriate for Christians to use.  In the eighth and ninth century, religious treaties associating a particular stone with an apostle were written because the book of Revelation stated "their name would be inscribed on the Foundation Stones, and his virtue".  Practice became to keep twelve stones and wear one a month.  Wearing a single birthstone is only a few centuries old, although modern authorities differ on dates Kunz places the custom in eighteenth century Poland, while the Gemological Institute of America starts it in Germany in the 1560s. 

Modern lists of birthstones have little to do with either the breastplate or the Foundation Stones of Christianity. Tastes, customs and confusing translations have distanced them from their historical origins,  with one author calling the 1912 Kansas list "nothing but a piece of unfounded salesmanship." 

Traditional birthstones

Ancient traditional birthstones are society-based birthstones. The table below contains many stones which are popular choices, often reflecting Polish tradition. 

The Gregorian calendar has poems matching each month with its birthstone. These are traditional stones of English-speaking societies. Tiffany & Co. published these poems "of unknown author" for the first time in a pamphlet in 1870. 

Modern birthstones

In 1912, in an effort to standardize birthstones, the (American) National Association of Jewelers (now called Jewelers of America) met in Kansas and officially adopted a list.  The Jewelry Industry Council of America updated the list in 1952  by adding alexandrite to June and citrine to November; specifying pink tourmaline for October; replacing December's lapis with zircon; and switching the primary/alternative gems in March. The American Gem Trade Association added tanzanite as a December birthstone in 2002.  In 2016, the American Gem Trade Association and Jewelers of America added spinel as an additional birthstone for August.   Britain's National Association of Goldsmiths created their own standardized list of birthstones in 1937. 

Eastern custom

A Hindu text from 1879, Mani Mala, lists gems for each month. 

Birthstones by cultures

Zodiacal

Tropical zodiac

Birthday (day of the week) stones

While this word has also been used as synonym of Birth stone (see above), there is a separate list of assignment according to the day of the week of the recipient's birth: 
* Sunday: topaz, diamond
* Monday: pearl, crystal
* Tuesday: ruby, emerald
* Wednesday: amethyst, lodestone
* Thursday: sapphire, carnelian
* Friday: emerald, cat's eye
* Saturday: turquoise, diamond
Question:
In Western culture what is the birthstone for the month of May?
Answer:
Synthetic emerald
Passage:
Queens of England: The Danish royals set the trend for ...
Queens of England: The Danish royals set the trend for future kings' names
Wednesday, 10 July 2013
The Danish royals set the trend for future kings' names
It's a pretty exclusive club, being a future European monarch, but do the names of the current heirs in waiting give us any clues as to what the Cambridges might pick for their baby?  With five girls and one boy lined up to take their country's thrones in a couple of generations time there are already plenty of ideas around for names judged appropriate for 21st century monarchs.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the balcony of Buckingham Palace after the Trooping of the Colour on June 10th 2013.  It was Kate's last official public appearance before the birth of her baby, due this Saturday, July 13th 2013.
(photo Carfax2)
Let's start with the most exclusive club of all - the men who will be king.  This future monarch is flying solo - thanks mostly to changes in laws right across the old continent that mean that firstborn girls can become queen regardless of little brothers.  Christian of Denmark is, at the moment, the only male heir among the primary school prince and princess club of Europe.  And his name was by far the easiest to predict.  The kings of Denmark have been called either Frederick or Christian since 1513. 
King John of Denmark, who ruled from 1481 to 1513.  He was the last male monarch of his country not to be called Frederick or Christian.
The royal house alternates between the name according to the generations so when the current Crown Prince, Frederick, and his wife, Mary, had their first child in October 2005 there were no surprises when he ended up called Christian.  The royal couple added to the suspense a little by following the Danish royal tradition of not announcing the name until the baby's christening but when they stepped up to the font in the Chapel of the Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen in January 2006 they stuck with tradition.
Prince Christian of Denmark waves from the balcony of the royal palace in Copenhagen.  He is the only future king among the young generation of Europe's royals.
So if future Queen Consort, Kate Middleton, has a boy then the European royal trend points to an ultra traditional name that's already been used by several kings and that could mean the bookies are spot on with their prediction of George for a little prince of Cambridge.
Posted by
Question:
The kings of which country have alternatively been called Christian or Frederick since 1513?
Answer:
Eastern Denmark
Passage:
Richard Poole (character)
Detective Inspector Richard Poole is a character in the crime drama television series Death in Paradise, portrayed by Ben Miller.

A British inspector assigned to Saint Marie to investigate the previous inspector's murder, Poole was instructed to remain on the island as the new police detective. Despite his distaste for the island and inexperience with tropical weather - to the point where he continued to wear his old suits - he often showed a useful knack for making deductive leaps based on minimal information and random events, and favoured making arrests by addressing all the suspects at once before identifying the killer. In series 2 he grew slightly more relaxed. He recommended Fidel for the sergeant's exam. Poole briefly returned to London, but in spite of his distaste for Saint Marie, he chose to return. Richard was murdered in the first episode of Series 3, at a Cambridge university reunion, by Helen Reid, when he threatened to expose her identity theft, and was replaced by DI Humphrey Goodman.

Poole is an "English eccentric with a hatred for island life".  According to Michael Hogan, Poole "harrumphs around Hugh Grant-ishly in his uptight Brit suit and carries a briefcase, endlessly dabbing at his forehead with a hankie." Hogan goes on to argue that Poole is a "bland blend of several dozen "quirky" screen sleuths: a bit of Morse here, a dash of Columbo there, a pinch of Precious Ramotswe and a lug of Jonathan Creek to taste."
Question:
Who plays Detective Inspector Richard Poole in the crime drama 'Death in Paradise'?
Answer:
Ben Miller
Passage:
Great Architect of the Universe
The Great Architect of the Universe (also Grand Architect of the Universe or Supreme Architect of the Universe) is a conception of God discussed by many Christian theologians and apologists.  As a designation it is used within Freemasonry to represent deity neutrally (in whatever form, and by whatever name each member may individually believe in).  It is also a Rosicrucian conception of God, as expressed by Max Heindel.  The concept of the demiurge as a grand architect or a great architect also occurs in gnosticism and other religious and philosophical systems.

Christianity

The concept of God as the (Great) Architect of the Universe has been employed many times in Christianity. An illustration of God as the architect of the universe can be found in a Bible from the Middle Ages  and the comparison of God to an architect has been used by Christian apologists and teachers.

Saint Thomas Aquinas said in the Summa: "God, Who is the first principle of all things, may be compared to things created as the architect is to things designed (ut artifex ad artificiata)."   Commentators have pointed out that the assertion that the Grand Architect of the Universe is the Christian God "is not evident on the basis of 'natural theology' alone but requires an additional 'leap of faith' based on the revelation of the Bible". 

John Calvin, in his Institutes of the Christian Religion (1536), repeatedly calls the Christian God "the Architect of the Universe", also referring to his works as "Architecture of the Universe", and in his commentary on Psalm 19 refers to the Christian God as the "Great Architect" or "Architect of the Universe".

Freemasonry

Masonic historians such as William Bissey,  Gary Leazer (quoting Coil's Masonic Encyclopaedia),  and S. Brent Morris,  assert that "the Masonic abbreviation G.A.O.T.U., meaning the Great Architect of the Universe, continues a long tradition of using an allegorical name for the Deity."  They trace how the name and the abbreviation entered Masonic tradition from the Book of Constitutions written in 1723 by the Reverend James Anderson.  They also note that Anderson, a Calvinist minister, probably took the term from Calvin's usage.

Christopher Haffner's own explanation of how the Masonic concept of a Great Architect of the Universe, as a placeholder for the Supreme Being of one's choice, is given in Workman Unashamed:

The Swedish Rite, which has the prerequisite of professing to Christian Faith, uses the form "The Threefold Great Architect of the Universe".

Hermeticism

The Great Architect may also be a metaphor alluding to the godhead potentiality of every individual. "(God)... That invisible power which all know does exist, but understood by many different names, such as God, Spirit, Supreme Being, Intelligence, Mind, Energy, Nature and so forth."   In the Hermetic Tradition, each and every person has the potential to become God, this idea or concept of God is perceived as internal rather than external. The Great Architect is also an allusion to the observer created universe. We create our own reality; hence we are the architect. Another way would be to say that the mind is the builder.

Rosicrucianism

In Heindel's exposition, the Great Architect of the Universe is the Supreme Being, who proceeds from The Absolute, at the dawn of manifestation.  For a detailed discussion, see The Rosicrucian Cosmo-Conception.

Gnosticism

The concept of the Great Architect of the Universe occurs in gnosticism. The Demiurge is The Great Architect of the Universe, the God of Old Testament, in opposition to Christ and Sophia, messengers of Gnosis of the True God.
For example: Gnostics such as the Nasoræans believe the Pira Rabba is the source, origin, and container of all things, which is filled by the Mânâ Rabbâ, the Great Spirit, from which emanates the First Life.  The First Life prays for companionship and progeny, whereupon the Second Life, the Ultra Mkayyema or World-constituting Æon, the Architect of the Universe, comes into being.  From this architect come a number of æons, who erect the universe under the foremanship of the Mandâ d'Hayye or gnôsis zoês, the Personified Knowledge of Life. 

Others

James Hopwood Jeans, in his book The Mysterious Universe, also employs the concept of a Great Architect of the Universe, saying at one point "Lapsing back again into the crudely anthropomorphic language we have already used, we may say that we have already considered with disfavour the possibility of the universe having been planned by a biologist or an engineer; from the intrinsic evidence of his creation, the Great Architect of the Universe now begins to appear as a pure mathematician."    To that Jinarajadasa adds his observation that the Great Architect is "also a Grand Geometrician. For in some manner or other, whether obvious or hidden, there seems to be a geometric basis to every object in the universe." 

The concept of the Demiurge as a benevolent great architect or grand architect of matter occurs in the writings of Plato, including in the Timaeus.

The concept of a Great Architect of the Universe also occurs in Martinism.  Martinist doctrine is that the Great Architect must not be worshipped.  Martinists hold that whilst it is possible to "invoque" Him, it is not to adore Him.
Question:
Which organisation refers to God as ‘The Great Architect of the Universe’?
Answer:
Order de Felicité
Passage:
Calcium carbide
Calcium carbide is a chemical compound with the chemical formula of CaC2. Its main use industrially is in the production of acetylene and calcium cyanamide.

The pure material is colorless, however pieces of technical-grade calcium carbide are grey or brown and consist of about 80–85% of CaC2 (the rest is CaO (calcium oxide), Ca3P2 (calcium phosphide), CaS (calcium sulfide), Ca3N2 (calcium nitride), SiC (silicon carbide), etc.). In the presence of trace moisture, technical-grade calcium carbide emits an unpleasant odor reminiscent of garlic. 

Applications of calcium carbide include manufacture of acetylene gas, and for generation of acetylene in carbide lamps; manufacture of chemicals for fertilizer; and in steelmaking.

Production

Calcium carbide is produced industrially in an electric arc furnace from a mixture of lime and coke at approximately 2200 °C. This method has not changed since its invention in 1892:
CaO + 3 C → CaC2 + CO

The high temperature required for this reaction is not practically achievable by traditional combustion, so the reaction is performed in an electric arc furnace with graphite electrodes. The carbide product produced generally contains around 80% calcium carbide by weight. The carbide is crushed to produce small lumps that can range from a few mm up to 50 mm. The impurities are concentrated in the finer fractions. The CaC2 content of the product is assayed by measuring the amount of acetylene produced on hydrolysis. As an example, the British and German standards for the content of the coarser fractions are 295 L/kg and 300 L/kg respectively (at 101 kPa pressure and 20 °C temperature). Impurities present in the carbide include phosphide, which produces phosphine when hydrolysed.[http://www.mrw.interscience.wiley.com/emrw/9783527306732/ueic/article/a04_533/current/pdf Calcium Carbide], Bernhard Langhammer, Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, Wiley Interscience. (Subscription required)

This reaction was an important part of the industrial revolution in chemistry, and was made possible in the USA as a result of massive amounts of inexpensive hydroelectric power produced at Niagara Falls before the turn of the 20th century. 

The method for the production in an electric arc furnace was discovered in 1892 by T. L Willson and independently by H. Moissan in the same year.   

Crystal structure

Pure calcium carbide is a colourless solid. The common crystalline form at room temperature is a distorted rock-salt structure with the C22− units lying parallel.

Applications

Production of acetylene

The reaction of calcium carbide with water, producing acetylene and calcium hydroxide, was discovered by Friedrich Wöhler in 1862.
CaC2 + 2 H2O → C2H2 + Ca(OH)2

This reaction was the basis of the industrial manufacture of acetylene, and is the major industrial use of calcium carbide.

At high temperatures, CaC2 reacts with water vapor to give calcium carbonate, carbon dioxide and hydrogen.

Today acetylene is mainly manufactured by the partial combustion of methane or appears as a side product in the ethylene stream from cracking of hydrocarbons. Approximately 400,000 tonnes are produced this way annually (see Acetylene Preparation).

In China, acetylene derived from calcium carbide remains a raw material for the chemical industry, in particular for the production of polyvinyl chloride. Locally produced acetylene is more economical than using imported oil.  Production of calcium carbide in China has been increasing. In 2005 output was 8.94 million tons, with the capacity to produce 17 million tons. 

In the USA, Europe, and Japan, consumption of calcium carbide is generally declining.  Production levels in the USA in 1990s were 236,000 tons per year.

Production of calcium cyanamide

Calcium carbide reacts with nitrogen at high temperature to form calcium cyanamide:
CaC2 + N2 → CaCN2 + C
Commonly known as nitrolim, calcium cyanamide is used as fertilizer. It is hydrolysed to cyanamide, H2NCN.

Steelmaking

Calcium carbide is used:
* in the desulfurisation of iron (pig iron, cast iron and steel)
* as a fuel in steelmaking to extend the scrap ratio to liquid iron, depending on economics.
* as a powerful deoxidizer at ladle treatment facilities.

Carbide lamps

Calcium carbide is used in carbide lamps. Water dripping on carbide produces acetylene gas, which burns and produces light. While these lamps gave steadier and brighter light than candles, they were dangerous in coal mines, where flammable methane gas made them a serious hazard. The presence of flammable gases in coal mines led to miner safety lamps such as the Davy lamp, in which a wire gauze reduces the risk of methane ignition. Carbide lamps were still used extensively in slate, copper, and tin mines where methane is not a serious hazard. Most miner's lamps have now been replaced by electric lamps.

Carbide lamps are still used for mining in some less wealthy countries, for example in the silver mines near Potosí, Bolivia. Carbide lamps are also still used by some cavers exploring caves and other underground areas,  although they are increasingly being replaced in this use by LED lights.

Carbide lamps were also used extensively as headlights in early automobiles, motorcycles and bicycles, but have been replaced entirely by electric lamps. 

Other uses

In the artificial ripening of fruit, calcium carbide is sometimes used as source of acetylene gas, which is a ripening agent similar to ethylene.IUPAC name ethene, chemical formula of C2H4  However, this is illegal in some countries because consumption of fruits artificially ripened using calcium carbide can cause serious health problems in those who partake them.  

Calcium carbide is used in toy cannons such as the Big-Bang Cannon, as well as in bamboo cannons.

Calcium carbide, together with calcium phosphide, is used in floating, self-igniting naval signal flares, such as those produced by the Holmes' Marine Life Protection Association.
Question:
What gas is produced when water is added to calcium carbide?
Answer:
H2C2
Passage:
Meissen
Meissen (in German orthography: Meißen) is a town of approximately 30,000 about 25 km northwest of Dresden on both banks of the Elbe river in the Free State of Saxony, in eastern Germany. Meissen is the home of Meissen porcelain, the Albrechtsburg castle, the Gothic Meissen Cathedral and the Meissen Frauenkirche. The Große Kreisstadt is the capital of the Meissen district.

Names

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

History

Meissen is sometimes known as the "cradle of Saxony". The city grew out of the early Slavic settlement of Mis(s)ni, named for the small river Mis(s)na today Meis(s)abach (see Miesbach/Musbach/Mosbach), inhabited by the Slavic Glomacze tribe and was founded as a German town by King Henry the Fowler of Germany in 929. In 968, the Diocese of Meissen was founded, and Meissen became the episcopal see of a bishop. The Catholic bishopric was suppressed in 1581 after the diocese accepted the Protestant Reformation (1559), but re-created in 1921 with its seat first at Bautzen and now at the Katholische Hofkirche in Dresden.

The Margraviate of Meissen was founded in 968 as well, with the city as the capital of the Margraves of Meissen. A market town by 1000, Meissen passed to the Duchy of Poland in 1002 under Boleslaw I the Brave, afterwards into hands of Henry II a few months later and the House of Wettin in 1089. In 1015 Meissen was besieged by the Poles led by future King Mieszko II. The city was at the forefront of the Ostsiedlung, or intensive German settlement of the rural Slavic lands east of the Elbe, and its reception of city rights dates to 1332.

The construction of Meissen Cathedral was begun in 1260 on the same hill as the Albrechtsburg castle. The resulting lack of space led to the cathedral being one of the smallest cathedrals in Europe. The church is also known as being one of the purest examples of Gothic architecture.

In 1423 Meissen became capital of the Electorate of Saxony. In 1464 the capital was moved to Dresden.

In 1759 the Austrians defeated the Prussians at the Battle of Meissen.

During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located in Meissen. 

Porcelain

Meissen is famous for the manufacture of porcelain, based on extensive local deposits of china clay (kaolin) and potter's clay (potter's earth). Meissen porcelain was the first high quality porcelain to be produced outside of the Orient.

The first European porcelain was manufactured in Meissen in 1710, when by decree of King Augustus II the Strong the Royal-Polish and Electoral-Saxon Porcelain Factory (Königlich-Polnische und Kurfürstlich-Sächsische Porzellan-Manufaktur)  was opened in the Albrechtsburg. In 1861, it was moved to the Triebisch river valley of Meissen, where the porcelain factory can still be found today. Along with porcelain, other ceramics are also manufactured.

Main sights

The Albrechtsburg, the former residence of the House of Wettin, is regarded as being the first castle to be used as a royal residence in the German-speaking world. Built between 1472 and 1525, it is a fine example of late Gothic style. It was redecorated in the 19th century with a range of murals depicting Saxon history. Today the castle is a museum. Nearby is the 13th-century Gothic Meissen Cathedral (Meißner Dom), whose chapel is one of the most famous burial places of the Wettin family.  The hill on which the castle and the cathedral are built offers a view over the roofs of the old town.

Meissen's historical district is located mostly around the market at the foot of the castle hill. It contains many buildings of Renaissance architecture. Also imposing is the view from the 57 metre high tower of the Frauenkirche (Church of Our Lady), situated in the old market-place. This church, not to be confused with the Dresden Frauenkirche, was first mentioned in a 1205 deed issued by Bishop Dietrich II and after a blaze about 1450 rebuilt in the Late Gothic style of a hall church. Its tower hosts the world's first porcelain carillon, manufactured in 1929 on the occasion of the town's 1000-years-jubilee. Another popular tourist sight is the world-famous Meissen porcelain factory.

From spring to autumn, several festivals take place in Meissen, such as the pottery market or the Weinfest, which celebrates the wine harvest. Meissen wine is produced at the vineyards in the river valley (Elbtal) around the town, part of the Saxonian wine region, one of the northernmost in Europe.

Notable residents

*Saint Benno, Bishop of Meissen, born about 1010 in Hildesheim, died June 16, 1106
*Heinrich Frauenlob, poet, born 1250/60, died November 29, 1318 in Mainz
*Johann Klaj, poet, born 1616, died February 16, 1656 in Kitzingen
*Johann Elias Schlegel (1719–1749), critic and poet
*Johann Adolf Schlegel (1721–1793), poet and clergyman
*Samuel Hahnemann (1755–1843), physician and founder of Homoeopathy
*Karl G. Maeser (1828–1901), Mormon academic
*Hans Philipp (1917–1943), combat pilot
*Ralf Schumann (born 1962), Olympic shooter
*Peter Schreier (born 1935), opera singer and conductor

Twin towns – sister cities

Meissen is twinned with:
* Vitry Sur Seine, France, since 1973
* Arita, Japan, since 1979
* Corfu, Greece, since 1996
* Provo, Utah, US, since 2001
Question:
On which river is the German town of Meissen, famous for its porcelain?
Answer:
Elbe
Passage:
Running Bear
"Running Bear" is a song written by J. P. Richardson (aka The Big Bopper) and sung most famously by Johnny Preston in 1959. The 1959 recording featured background vocals by Richardson and George Jones and the session's producer Bill Hall, who provided the "Indian chanting" of "uga-uga" during the three verses, as well as the "Indian war cries" at the start and end of the record. It was No. 1 for three weeks in January 1960 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States. The song also reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart in 1960. Coincidentally, "Running Bear" was immediately preceded in the Hot 100 No. 1 position by Marty Robbins' "El Paso", another song in which the protagonist dies. Billboard ranked "Running Bear" as the No. 4 song of 1960. 

Richardson was a friend of Preston and offered "Running Bear" to him after hearing him perform in a club. Preston recorded the song at the Gold Star Studios in Houston, Texas in 1958. The saxophone was played by Link Davis.

Preston was signed to Mercury Records, and "Running Bear" was released in August 1959, seven months after Richardson's death in the plane crash that also killed Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens.

"Running Bear" was used in the 1994 movie A Simple Twist of Fate, which stars Steve Martin as Michael McCann, a fine furniture maker in rural Virginia, who adopts a little girl named Mathilda. There is a scene in the movie where he plays "Running Bear" on the phonograph / record player, and he and Mathilda are dancing to the song. It occurs about midway through the movie.

Plot

The song tells the story of Running Bear, a "young Indian brave", and Little White Dove, an "Indian maid". The two are in love but are separated by two factors:

* Their tribes' hatred of each other: their respective tribes are at war. ("Their tribes fought with each other / So their love could never be.")
* A raging river: a physical separation but also as a metaphor for their cultural separation.

The two, longing to be together, despite the obstacles and the risks posed by the river, dive into the raging river to unite. After sharing a passionate kiss, they are pulled down by the swift current and drown. The lyrics describe their fate: "Now they'll always be together / In their happy hunting ground."

Cover versions

In 1960, the Dutch group Het Cocktail Trio recorded a version of the song called Grote Beer ('Great Bear', but also 'Ursa Maior') about an Indian who travels in space. 

During the late 1960s and early 1970s, Sonny James enjoyed an unprecedented streak of success with his commercially released singles, many of them covers of previous pop hits. One of his 16 consecutive No. 1 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart was a cover version of "Running Bear." Released in April 1969, James topped the Hot Country Singles chart in mid-June and spent three weeks at No. 1.   The song soon was one of James' most popular recordings of his career.

Jim Stallings recorded a version of the song on his 1969 album entitled Heya!

The Youngbloods released a version of the song as a single in 1972  and was featured on their album High on a Ridge Top. 

The Guess Who included the song on their 1972 album Rockin', although the songwriting credit is incorrectly given to Clarence "Curly" Herdman, a country and bluegrass fiddler.

Danny Davis and the Nashville Brass recorded a toe-tapping version of the song, complete with the standard Nashville Brass banjo-and-steel solo, for their 1975 album Dream Country.

Mud recorded the song on their 1974 debut album Mud Rock which reached #8 in the UK charts.

Bob Wills and his Texas Playboys  frequently performed the song and it appears their album Time Changes Everything, and on many greatest hits compilations.

In 2012 Ray Stevens covered the song on his 9-CD box set, The Encyclopedia of Recorded Comedy Music.

Northern Irish punk band, Stiff Little Fingers did a live cover of this, which ended up on their album All the Best and later on the re-issue of their live album, Hanx!.

A German version titled Brauner Bär und Weiße Taube ("Brown Bear and White Dove") was recorded as a single by Gus Backus in 1960.  

The song was occasionally part of Led Zeppelin's live repertoire in the early 1970s, during rock medleys contained within long versions of "Whole Lotta Love". 

The song is a staple of Williams and Ree's live set and is one of the duo's most popular songs. Ree performs the lead vocals while Williams provides Indian chants and humorous alternatives, such as lyrics from Pump Up The Jam and Ice Ice Baby.
Question:
Who had a number 1 hit in 1960 with the record 'Running Bear'?
Answer:
JOHNNY PRESTON
Passage:
Pearl Roundabout
Pearl Roundabout or Lulu Roundabout (Arabic:  ', "Roundabout of the pearl(s)") was a roundabout located near the financial district of Manama, Bahrain. The roundabout was named after the pearl monument that previously stood on the site and was destroyed on March 18, 2011 by government forces as part of a crackdown on protesters during the Bahraini uprising (2011–present).

Location

The roundabout was located in the heart of the capital Manama and was surrounded by the Bahrain Central Market, Marina, Pearl and City Center Roundabout as well the Abraj Al Lulu (Pearl Towers) apartment complex, which is named after the Pearl Monument. Also near the destroyed roundabout are some of the city's major remaining landmarks, including the Bahrain World Trade Center and the Bahrain Financial Harbour.

The roundabout served originally as a major traffic intersection for routes into the capital city, although it is now bypassed by a flyover and junction complex built as part of Bahrain's 2030 modernization plan.

Pearl Monument

The Pearl Monument previously stood in the center of the circle, having been erected in 1982 on the occasion of the third summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council, which was hosted by Bahrain for the first time in Manama on November 9–11 of that year. 

Symbols and representation

The Pearl Monument consisted of six dhow "sails" projecting up to the sky, which came together to hold a pearl at the top. The six sails designated the Gulf Cooperation Council's six member nations, while the pearl symbolized their united heritage and the country's famous history of pearl cultivation.   At the base of the monument was a dodecagonal pool with fountain jets. The Pearl Monument is featured on the face of the Bahraini half-dinar coin, the highest value coin in Bahraini currency.   The Central Bank of Bahrain reportedly asked banks to exchange their half-dinar coins for half-dinar banknotes after the Pearl Monument was destroyed.   The coin is no longer minted or distributed by the Central Bank of Bahrain. 

Demolition

On the morning of March 18, 2011, the government tore down the Pearl Monument, announcing on state broadcaster BTV that the monument had been "violated" and "desecrated" by the "vile" anti-government protests, and had to be "cleansed."  In the government's haste, a migrant crane worker was crushed to death by a falling cement arch.

Bahraini uprising (2011–present)

The Pearl Roundabout was the site of demonstrations during 2011, which began in February. It has been compared by the protesters to Cairo's Tahrir Square, the main site of demonstrations during the 2011 Egyptian revolution.

On 15 February 2011, after the funeral procession of Mr Ali Mushaima, more people joined the demonstrators and moved towards the Pearl Roundabout, where they arrived at around 15:00. By 15:15, demonstrators began to set up tents at the roundabout, and later in the day a projector screen was installed. Among these was a tent erected by members of the SMC medical staff. There were also a number of demonstrators obstructing traffic in the roundabout overpass. By nightfall, the number of demonstrators had reached several thousand. The roundabout and its immediate vicinity were congested with protesters and private vehicles. Police in the area neither engaged the demonstrators nor did they attempt to disperse them. King Hamad had ordered that members of the procession be allowed to occupy the Pearl Roundabout to express their sadness. 

On 17 February 2011, while demonstrators were spending the night at the Pearl Roundabout, police forces entered the location at 3:00 in an attempt to disperse protesters. The crackdown led to many injuries as well as the death of at least four civilians (See Bloody Thursday (2011)). 

Soon after the police crackdown on demonstrators, Bahraini police official Al-Hassan appeared on national television to explain the previous night's events. Al-Hassan argued that demonstrators were warned beforehand and that they refused to leave the area. He also added that demonstrators were actually in possession of weapons such as knives and pistols.   The Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry, established by King Hamad of Bahrain to prepare a report on the events on February and March saw no evidence to suggest that protesters at the roundabout were armed. 

Soon after the police crackdown, Bahrain Defense Force tanks occupied Pearl Roundabout to stop demonstrators from occupying the area.   Some demonstrators who stayed close to Salmaniya Hospital where injured demonstrators were being assisted tried to retake Pearl Roundabout and headed towards the area. Demonstrators were shot by forces camping in Pearl Roundabout. 

Following these events, the Crown Prince of Bahrain Salman Al Khalifa came on Bahrain state television and demanded calm of all parties.   The following day, he ordered the military tanks to leave the Pearl Monument and protesters were allowed to occupy the area peacefully and were guaranteed by the Crown Prince that they would be able to demonstrate without any further attacks.   On March 16, however, the protesters' camp in the roundabout was evacuated, bulldozed, and set on fire by the Bahraini Defense Force, riot police, and Peninsula Shield Force,   two days before the Pearl Monument was demolished. An expatriate crane operator was crushed to death during the demolition by a piece of the monument which fell onto his crane cabin. 

Al Farooq Junction

After demolishing the Pearl Monument, the government announced that the roundabout would be replaced with traffic lights, possibly to ease congestion in the financial district.   The government changed the name of the site to Al Farooq Junction, a reference to Umar ibn al-Khattab, a historical figure revered by Sunnis and considered by Shiites to be against their cause.  The name of Al Farooq was given to the junction as well as the military operation by Khalifa Bin Ahmed Al Khalifa, the head of security forces and a member of the royal family. 

As of 25 February 2015, the public has been restricted from accessing Al Farooq Junction.  The area has been sealed off by security forces since protesters were cleared from the Pearl Roundabout on 16 March 2011. 

Gallery

 (category)
Question:
Pearl Roundabout was the scene of political protests during 2011, in which country is it?
Answer:
Asia/Bahrain
Passage:
Osmotherley, North Yorkshire
Osmotherley is an English village and civil parish, situated in the Hambleton hills in North Yorkshire.  The village is the western edge of the North York Moors National Park. 

Osmotherley is on the route of the 110 mile Cleveland Way National Trail.

Origin of name

It is likely that Osmotherley means the clearing or 'ley' (pronounced lee), belonging to a Viking called 'Asmund' or a Saxon called 'Osmund'. There have been a number spellings of the Osmotherley over the centuries: the name appeared in the Domesday Book as Asmundrelac; it has also been known as Osmundeslay and Osmonderlay.

However, fanciful local legend says that Osmotherley was named after the mother of a villager named Oswald or Osmund, who supposedly went out to gather firewood in the winter. When she did not return her son became anxious and went out to look for her. He found her lying in the snow, dead or dying from the cold. Because he was not able to carry her back, he lay down beside her and died himself. It is where Oswald's mother lies, hence Osmotherley.

Governance

An  electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward stretches both north and south from the village with a total population taken at the 2011 census of 1,764. 
Amenities

The village school was founded 1857, the present building dates from 1878. The school is now known as Osmotherley Primary School. It is located on School Lane and has 49 pupils.

Osmotherley boasts three pubs within a 55 yd radius: the [http://www.queencatherinehotel.co.uk Queen Catherine], the [http://www.threetunsrestaurant.co.uk Three Tuns] and the [http://www.goldenlionosmotherley.co.uk Golden Lion]. The village was featured on BBC News and Sky News during the Wedding of Prince William of Wales and Catherine Middleton, as it is the only village in the country to boast a pub with the name 'Queen Catherine'.

The village is served by a newsagents, a 'Top Shop' store, a fish and chip shop, a Youth Hostel and an antique store.

The shop that has served Osmotherley since 1786, 'Thompson', along with a recently opened Art and Craft Shop have recently closed.

The public toilets are situated by the side of the Village Hall (which in turn is next to Church House, which hosts book sales and tea sales on Sundays and Bank Holidays.) These toilets have been voted the best in the UK on several occasions and are filled with flowers and decorated with pictures of horses.

Religion

The Church of England parish church is dedicated to St Peter and is built on an earlier Saxon site, with parts of the building dating from the Norman period. Largely rebuilt by architect C. Hodgson Fowler in 1892, it is a grade II* listed building. 

John Wesley preached at the barter table in the middle of Osmotherley on several occasions, the first in 1745. In 1754 a Methodist Chapel was erected in Chapel Yard.

Osmotherley is also home to Osmotherley Friends Meeting House, which is a traditional stone building, erected in 1690 or 1723. Meetings are still held here once a month. It is thought that George Fox may have visited the village in the late 17th century.

Nearby

Cod Beck Reservoir at Osmotherley gets its name from Cod Beck, a small tributary of the River Swale. The beck derives its name from the Celtic word 'Coed', meaning woody. Just before Cod Beck reaches the reservoir is a picturesque location called Sheepwash.

Osmotherley is close to the western terminus of the Lyke Wake Walk.  The official starting point is at the edge of the moors above the village, where there is a stone marker.

About 1½ miles from Osmotherley near the A19 is Mount Grace Priory. These beautiful ruins are situated at the foot of a steep wooded hill with a footpath leading up it into the village. This Carthusian religious house was founded around 1396.

In popular culture

Osmotherley is the setting of some of the final chapters of the novel Brother in the Land by Robert Swindells. In the novel, many towns and cities in it are hit by individually programmed nuclear missiles, but Osmotherley's small size means it is spared.
Question:
Which walking path runs for 42 miles from Osmotherley to Ravenscar?
Answer:
LYKE WAKE WALK
Passage:
Tagus
The Tagus (; ; ; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula.  It is 1038 km long, 716 km in Spain, 47 km along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km in Portugal, where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon.  It drains an area of 80100 sqkm (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).  The Tagus is highly utilized for most of its course. Several dams and diversions supply drinking water to most of central Spain, including Madrid, and Portugal, while dozens of hydroelectric stations create power. Between dams it follows a very constricted course, but after Almourol it enters a vast alluvial valley prone to flooding. At its mouth is a large estuary on which the port city of Lisbon is situated.

The source of the Tagus is the Fuente de García, in the Frías de Albarracín municipal term, Montes Universales, Sistema Ibérico, Sierra de Albarracín Comarca. All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank.  The main cities it passes through are Aranjuez, Toledo, Talavera de la Reina and Alcántara in Spain, and Abrantes, Santarém, Almada and Lisbon in Portugal.

Course

In Spain

The first notable city on the Tagus is Sacedón. Below Aranjuez it receives the combined flow of the Jarama,  Henares, Algodor and Tajuña.  Below Toledo it receives the Guadarrama River.  Above Talavera de la Reina it receives the Alberche.  At Valdeverdeja is the upper end of the long upper reservoir, the Embalse de Valdecañas, beyond which are the Embalse de Torrejon, into which flow the Tiétar, and the lower reservoir, the Alcántara Dam into which flows the Alagón at the lower end.

There is a canal and aqueduct between the Tagus and the Segura.

In Portugal

After forming the border it enters Portugal, passing Vila Velha de Ródão, Abrantes, Constância, Entroncamento, Santarém and Vila Franca de Xira at the head of the long narrow estuary, which has Lisbon at its mouth. The estuary is protected by the Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve. There is the largest bridge across the river, the Vasco da Gama Bridge, which with a total length of  is the longest bridge in Europe.

The Portuguese Alentejo region and former Ribatejo Province take their names from the river; Alentejo, from além Tejo "Beyond the Tagus" and Ribatejo from arriba Tejo, an archaic way of saying "Upper Tagus".

Geology

The lower Tagus is on a fault line. Slippage along it has caused numerous earthquakes, the major ones being those of 1309, 1531 and 1755. 

History

The Pepper Wreck, properly the wreck of the Nossa Senhora dos Mártires, is a shipwreck located and excavated at the mouth of the Tagus between 1996 and 2001.

The river had strategic value to the Spanish and Portuguese empires, as it guarded the approach to Lisbon. For example, in 1587, Sir Francis Drake briefly approached the river after his successful raid at Cadiz. 

Popular culture

A major river, the Tagus is brought to mind in the songs and stories of the Portuguese. A popular fado song in Lisbon notes that while people get older, the Tagus remains young ("My hair getting white, the Tagus is always young"). The author, Fernando Pessoa, wrote a poem that begins: 
"The Tagus is more beautiful than the river that flows through my village. But the Tagus is not more beautiful than the river that flows through my village..." 

Richard Crashaw's poem "Saint Mary Magdalene, or the Weeper" refers to the "Golden" Tagus as wanting Mary Magdalene's silver tears. In classical poetry the Tagus was famous for its gold-bearing sands (Catullus 29.19, Ovid, Amores, 1.15.34, Juvenal, Satires, 3.55, etc.).
Question:
Which European capital city is on the River Tagus?
Answer:
Capital of Portugal
Passage:
Blondi
Blondi (1941 – 29 April 1945)Some sources incorrectly suggest 1934 as Blondi's date of birth.   was Adolf Hitler's German Shepherd, a gift as a puppy   from Martin Bormann in 1941. Blondi stayed with Hitler even after his move into the Führerbunker located underneath the garden of the Reich Chancellery on 16 January 1945. 

Hitler was reportedly very fond of Blondi, keeping her by his side and allowing her to sleep in his bedroom in the bunker. This affection was not shared by Eva Braun, Hitler's companion (and later his wife), who preferred her two Scottish Terrier dogs named Negus and Stasi (or Katuschka).   According to Hitler's secretary (Traudl Junge), Eva came to hate Blondi and was known to kick her under the dining table. 

Blondi played a role in Nazi propaganda by portraying Hitler as an animal lover. Dogs like Blondi were coveted as "germanischer Urhund", being close to the wolf, and became very fashionable during the Third Reich. 

Blondi's puppies

In March   or in early April   (likely 4 April)  1945, she had a litter of five puppies with Gerdy Troost's German Shepherd, Harras. Hitler named one of the puppies "Wulf", his favorite nickname and the meaning of his own first name, Adolf (Noble wolf)  and he began to train her.  One of Blondi's puppies was reserved for Eva Braun's sister Gretl. Eva sent Gretl a letter containing a photo of Blondi and three of her puppies, Gretl's being indicated with an arrow. 

Other dogs

During his military service in World War I, Hitler had great affection for a stray white Fox Terrier named "Fuchsl" and was distraught when he lost him. 

He had been given a German Shepherd before named "Prinz" in 1921, during his years of poverty, but he had been forced to lodge the dog elsewhere. However, she managed to escape and return to him. Hitler, who adored the loyalty and obedience of the dog, thereafter developed a great liking for the breed. 

He also owned a German Shepherd called "Muckl". 

Before Blondi, Hitler had two German Shepherd dogs, a mother [born 1926] and daughter [born ca. 1930] – both named Blonda. In some photos taken during the 1930s the younger Blonda is incorrectly labeled as Blondi (in most cases photograph descriptions were written later).

In May 1942, Hitler bought another young German Shepherd "from a minor official in the post office in Ingolstadt"  to keep Blondi company. He called her Bella. 

Death of Blondi and other dogs

During the course of 29 April 1945, Hitler learned of the death of his ally Benito Mussolini, who had been executed by Italian partisans. This, along with the fact the Soviet Army was closing in on his location, led Hitler to strengthen his resolve not to allow himself or his wife to be captured. That afternoon, Hitler expressed doubts about the cyanide capsules he had received through Heinrich Himmler's SS.  To verify the capsules' potency, Hitler ordered Dr. Werner Haase to test them on his dog Blondi, and the dog died as a result.  Hitler became completely inconsolable. 

According to a report commissioned by Joseph Stalin and based on eye-witness accounts, Hitler's dog-handler, Feldwebel Fritz Tornow, took Blondi's pups and shot them in the garden of the bunker complex on 30 April, after Hitler and Eva Braun committed suicide. He also killed Eva Braun's two dogs, Frau Gerda Christian's dogs and his own dachshund. Tornow was later captured by the Allies.  Hitler's nurse, Erna Flegel, said in 2005 that Blondi's death had affected the people in the bunker more than Eva Braun's suicide.  After the battle in Berlin ended, the remains of Hitler, Braun, and two dogs (thought to be Blondi and her offspring Wulf) were discovered in a shell crater by a unit of SMERSH, the Soviet counter-intelligence agency.   The dog thought to be Blondi was exhumed and photographed by the Soviets. 

Notes
Question:
Blondi was a German Shepherd that belonged to whom?
Answer:
Hitlerian
Passage:
Don't Go Breaking My Heart
"Don't Go Breaking My Heart" is a duet by Elton John and Kiki Dee. It was written by Elton John with Bernie Taupin under the pseudonyms "Ann Orson" and "Carte Blanche" (a pun on the expression "an horse and cart, blanche"), respectively, and intended as an affectionate pastiche of the Motown style, notably the various duets recorded by Marvin Gaye and singers such as Tammi Terrell and Kim Weston. It is not to be confused with the Burt Bacharach/Hal David song of the same title recorded in 1965 by Dionne Warwick for the album Here I Am.

John and Taupin originally intended to record the song with Dusty Springfield, but ultimately withdrew the offer; Dusty's partner Sue Cameron later said this was because she was too ill at the time.  

Chart performance

Writers John and Taupin received the 1981 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. 

Unlike many of John's singles from the 1970s, it was never included on an original album (although it was recorded during the Blue Moves sessions), but was subsequently in released as the third single on the album Duets, in early 1994. This version of the song was recorded with RuPaul, and the album included another duet with Kiki Dee, Cole Porter's "True Love."

"Don't Go Breaking My Heart" was the first No. 1 single in the UK for both John and Kiki Dee, topping the chart for six weeks in mid 1976. John would not enjoy a solo British chart-topper until "Sacrifice" in 1990. It also became his sixth No. 1 single in the US, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks and spent one week on the Easy Listening chart.  Billboard ranked it as the No. 2 song for 1976.  In the U.S. it was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.   After this duet with Dee, John failed to have another #1 single, without sharing the top song with other credited artists, until his 1997 smash Candle In The Wind 1997.  This 21-year "Kiki jinx" included two intervening #1 hits in America for John: "That's What Friends Are For" by Dionne & Friends in 1986; and, a 1992 re-make of John's "Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me" with George Michael credited as a duet.

The B-side, "Snow Queen", was supposedly inspired by Cher, with John's improvising of past Sonny & Cher hits "I Got You Babe" and "The Beat Goes On", as well as the solo Cher song "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)" during the fadeout of the song.

In 1977, John guest starred on The Muppet Show and performed the track with Miss Piggy. In 1985, John and Dee performed the track to the crowd at Wembley Stadium during John's set at Live Aid (where Dee sang backup). In 1987, John appeared with Minnie Mouse on the NBC series Totally Minnie miming to the track. He performed the track with Alan Partridge (Steve Coogan) at the 2001 British Comedy awards. He also performed it with the Spice Girls on his ITV tribute programme An Audience with... Elton John.

In June 2013, 37 years after its original release, the single reached one million sales in the UK.  

Availability

The song can be found on Elton John's Greatest Hits Volume II (1977)  and Greatest Hits 1976–1986; the 1995 UK CD of Rock of the Westies includes it as a bonus track (the US edition did not, however). In 2002, it also appeared on John's 2-disc greatest hits album, Elton John's Greatest Hits 1970-2002. A demo version of the song was recorded by John as a solo artist. This version has not been released commercially.

Personnel

* Elton John – piano, vocals
* Kiki Dee – vocals
* James Newton Howard – Fender Rhodes electric piano, orchestral arrangements
* Davey Johnstone – electric guitars
* Kenny Passarelli – bass
* Roger Pope – drums
* Ray Cooper - tambourine, congas, bongos
* Curt Boettcher - backing vocals

Charts and certifications

Weekly singles charts

Year-end charts

Sales and certifications
Question:
Who sang 'Don't Go Breaking My Heart' with Elton John?
Answer:
Pauline Matthews
Passage:
The History behind Old MacDonald had A Farm
The History behind Old MacDonald had A Farm
Have you ever wondered what is the history behind some famous nursery rhymes?
Today we made a small survey for you about one of our favorite nursery rhyme-The “Old McDonald!
Here’s what we found out!
The first versions of this song appeared in 1917 and was originally called “Old MacDougal”
The song “Old MacDougal” went something like this:
Old MacDougal had a farm in Ohio-i-o,
And on that farm he had some dogs in Ohio-i-o,
With a bow-wow here, and a bow-wow there,
Here a bow, there a wow, everywhere a bow-wow.
There was one other that was called “Old Missouri” from 1922 according to the bookOzark Folksongs, by Vance Randolph in 1980.
There are also other versions or variants which were published that date back even further than 1917. Take for example “The Farmyard” dating to 1908. This went like this:
Up was I on my father’s farm
On a May day morning early,
Feeding of my father’s cows
On a May day morning early,
With a moo moo here and a moo moo there,
Here a moo, there a moo, Here a pretty moo.
Six pretty maids come and gang along o’ me
To the merry green fields of the farm-yard.
 
Old MacDonald Had A Farm Lyrics:
Old MacDonald had a farm (E-I-E-I-O),
And on that farm he had a cow (E-I-E-I-O),
With a Moo Moo here and a Moo Moo there,
Here a Moo there Moo everywhere a Moo, Moo.
Old MacDonald had a farm (E-I-E-I-O),
And on that farm he had a sheep (E-I-E-I-O),
And on that farm he had a pig (E-I-E-I-O),
And on that farm he had some ducks (E-I-E-I-O),
And on that farm he had a horse (E-I-E-I-O),
Old MacDonald had a farm (E-I-E-I-O),
 
Source: “History of Old MacDonald.” History of Old MacDonald. N.p., n.d. Web. 16 Sept. 2013.
If you want to read more detail then check out wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_MacDonald_Had_a_Farm
Question:
According to the nursery rhyme, who had a farm, ee-i-ee-i-o?
Answer:
Old Macdonald Had A Farm
Passage:
Percy Spencer
Percy Lebaron Spencer (July 19, 1894 – September 8, 1969) was an American physicist and inventor. He became known as the inventor of the microwave oven. 

Early life

Spencer was born in Howland, Maine. Eighteen months later, Spencer's father died, and his mother soon left him in the care of his aunt and uncle. His uncle then died when Spencer was just seven years old. Spencer subsequently left grammar school to earn money to support himself and his aunt. From the ages of twelve to sixteen, he worked from sunrise to sunset at a spool mill. At the latter age, he discovered that a local paper mill was soon to begin using electricity, a concept little known in his rural home region, and he accordingly began learning as much as possible about the phenomenon. Therefore, when he applied to work at the mill, he was one of three people hired to install electricity in the plant, despite never having received any formal training in electrical engineering or even finishing grammar school. At the age of 18, Spencer decided to join the U.S. Navy. He had become interested in wireless communications after learning about the wireless operators aboard the Titanic when it sank. While with the navy, he made himself an expert on radio technology: "I just got hold of a lot of textbooks and taught myself while I was standing watch at night." He also subsequently taught himself trigonometry, calculus, chemistry, physics, and metallurgy, among other subjects. 

Career

By 1939, Spencer became one of the world’s leading experts in radar tube design. Spencer was worked at Raytheon, a contractor for the U.S. Department of Defense, as the chief of the power tube division. Largely due to his reputation and expertise, Spencer managed to help Raytheon win a government contract to develop and produce combat radar equipment for M.I.T.’s Radiation Laboratory. This was of huge importance to the Allies and became the military’s second highest priority project during WWII, behind the Manhattan Project. At that time, magnetrons were used to generate the microwave radio signals that are the core mechanism of radar, and they were being made at the rate of 17 per day at Raytheon. While working there, Spencer developed a more efficient way to manufacture them, by punching out and soldering together magnetron parts, rather than using machined parts. It also saw Spencer’s staff rise from 15 employees to 5,000 over the course of the next few years. His improvements were among those that increased magnetron production to 2,600 per day. For his work, he was awarded the Distinguished Public Service Award by the U.S. Navy.

One day while building magnetrons, Spencer was standing in front of an active radar set when he noticed the candy bar he had in his pocket had melted. Spencer was not the first to notice this phenomenon, but he was the first to investigate it. He decided to experiment using food, including popcorn kernels, which became the world’s first microwaved popcorn. In another experiment, an egg was placed in a tea kettle, and the magnetron was placed directly above it. The result was the egg exploding in the face of one of his co-workers, who was looking in the kettle to observe. Spencer then created the first true microwave oven by attaching a high density electromagnetic field generator to an enclosed metal box. The magnetron emitted microwaves into the metal box blocking any escape, allowing for controlled and safe experimentation. He then placed various food items in the box, while observing effects and monitoring temperatures.

Raytheon filed a patent on October 8, 1945 for a microwave cooking oven, eventually named the Radarange. In 1947, the first commercially produced microwave oven was about 6 feet tall, weighed about 750 lbs, and cost between $2,000 and $3,000. In 1967 the first relatively affordable ($495) and reasonably sized (counter-top) microwave oven was available for sale.

Spencer became Senior Vice President and a Senior Member of the Board of Directors at Raytheon. He received 300 patents during his career, and a building at the Raytheon Missile Defense Center in Woburn, Massachusetts is named in his honor.  Other awards and achievements Spencer achieved, besides the Distinguished Public Service Award, included a membership of the Institute of Radio Engineers, Fellowship in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and an honorary Doctor of Science from the University of Massachusetts, despite having no formal education.

For his invention, Spencer received no royalties, but he was paid a one-time $2.00 gratuity from Raytheon, the same token payment the company made to all inventors on its payroll at that time for company patents. 

Personal life

Spencer and his wife, Louise, had three children: John, James, and George. He counted Vannevar Bush, Omar Bradley, William Redington Hewlett and David Packard as friends. Later, he was married to Lillian Ottenheimer on November 18, 1960.

Legacy

Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems, which deals extensively in radar systems, has named a building after Spencer in the Woburn, Massachusetts facility. An early Radarange model sits in the lobby, across from the dining center.
Question:
In what year did Percy L. Spencer invent the microwave?
Answer:
one thousand, nine hundred and forty-seven
Passage:
Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd
The Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd (, '), initially the Kingdom of Hejaz and Sultanate of Nejd (, '), was a dual monarchy ruled by Ibn Saud following the victory of the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd over the Hashemite Kingdom of the Hejaz in 1925. In 1932 the two kingdoms were unified as Saudi Arabia.

History

On 8 January 1926, Ibn Saud, the Sultan of Nejd, was crowned King of the Hejaz in the Masjid al-Haram in Makkah, and he elevated Nejd to the status of a kingdom on 29 January 1927.  At the Treaty of Jeddah on 20 May 1927, Ibn Saud's realm was recognised by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and was addressed as the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd.

For the next five years, Ibn Saud administered the two parts of his dual kingdom as separate units. On 23 September 1932, the main Saudi dominions of Al-Hasa, Qatif, Nejd and the Hejaz were unified as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Foreign policy 

The Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd could pursue its expansionist policy by British arms supplies because of its close relations with the United Kingdom. Under Ibn Saud, the Hejaz withdrew from the League of Nations.

In 1926, the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd was recognised by the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, followed by the United States of America in 1931. By 1932, the United Kingdom, the USSR, Turkey, the Imperial State of Iran and The Netherlands maintained legations in Jeddah; The French Third Republic, the Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Egypt maintained unofficial consular representatives.

Flags of Nejd and Hejaz

File:Flag of Nejd (1926).svg|Flag of Nejd(1926 – Sep 1932)
File:Flag of Hejaz 1926.svg|Flag of Hejaz(18 Jan 1926 – 22 Sep 1932)

Notes 

Sources 

* [http://www.statoids.com/usa.html Statoids - Regions of Saudi Arabia]
* [http://www.worldstatesmen.org/Saudi_Arabia.htm World Statesmen - Saudi Arabia]
Question:
In 1932 the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd unified with the regions of Al-Hasa and Qatif to form which country?
Answer:
Saudia Arabia
Passage:
brian hugh warner - 必应 - bing.com
brian hugh warner - 必应
BRIAN HUGH WARNER
问题描述：Vídeos do cantor não faltam. É uma pessoa conhecida em todo o mundo. Preenche os critérios para um satanista, inclusive no discurso. O que você acha? É mais um pseudosatanista ou é ...show more
答
Acho que em sua intimidade o cara deve ser um sujeito bem normal...Agora, se tem um bocado de babaca comprando seus CDS e indo aos seus shows em busca de um meio de comungar com o chifrudo... Por que ele não se aproveitaria desta massa obtusa de consumidores pra ganhar dinheiro?!
Question:
Controversial singer Brian Hugh Warner is better known by which name (also his band name), a combination borrowed from two iconic real American people?
Answer:
Celebritarian
Passage:
Eclipse Stakes
|}

The Eclipse Stakes is a Group 1 flat horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged three years or older. It is run at Sandown Park over a distance of 1 mile, 2 furlongs and 7 yards (2,018 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in early July.

History

The event is named after Eclipse, a celebrated 18th-century racehorse. It was established in 1886, and the inaugural running was won by Bendigo. At that time, it was Britain's richest ever race.  The prize fund of £10,000 was donated by Leopold de Rothschild at the request of General Owen Williams, a co-founder of Sandown Park.

The Eclipse Stakes was contested by high-quality fields from its inception. It was won by Ayrshire, the previous year's Derby winner, in 1889. The first three finishers in 1903 — Ard Patrick, Sceptre and Rock Sand — had won seven Classics between them.

The race has been sponsored by Coral since 1976, and it is now familiarly known as the "Coral-Eclipse". The most recent Classic winner to achieve victory was Golden Horn in 2015.

Records

Most successful horse (2 wins):
* Orme – 1892, 1893
* Buchan – 1919, 1920
* Polyphontes – 1924, 1925
* Mtoto – 1987, 1988
* Halling – 1995, 1996

Leading jockey (7 wins):
* Lester Piggott – Mystery IX (1951), Darius (1955), Arctic Explorer (1957), St Paddy (1961), Pieces of Eight (1966), Wolver Hollow (1969), Artaius (1977)

Leading trainer (6 wins):
* Alec Taylor, Jr. – Bayardo (1909), Lemberg (1910, dead-heat), Buchan (1919, 1920), Craig an Eran (1921), Saltash (1923)

Leading owner (5 wins): (includes part ownership)
* 17th Earl of Derby – Swynford (1911), Colorado (1927), Fairway (1928), Caerleon (1931), Gulf Stream (1946)
* Waldorf Astor, 2nd Viscount Astor – Buchan (1919, 1920), Craig an Eran (1921), Saltash (1923), Rhodes Scholar (1936)
* Sue Magnier – Giant's Causeway (2000), Hawk Wing (2002), Oratorio (2005), Mount Nelson (2008), So You Think (2011)
* Godolphin - Halling (1995, 1996), Daylami (1998), Refuse to Bend (2004), Hawkbill (2016)

Winners

The race was not run from 1915-1918 because of World War I and from 1940-1945 because of World War II
 The 1973 running took place at Kempton Park.

 Trepan finished first in 1976, but he was later disqualified after testing positive for a banned substance.
Question:
The Eclipse Stakes are run annually at which English racecourse?
Answer:
Sandown Park Racecourse
Passage:
BBC - Comedy - The League Of Gentlemen
BBC - Comedy - The League Of Gentlemen
The League Of Gentlemen
The League Of Gentlemen
We all need to be jealous of something. The League of Gentlemen must be near the top of the tree of ideas other comedians wish they'd had first. But Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton, Reece Shearsmith and Jeremy Dyson thought of it -so to them, the glory.
The story of a simple Northern village where everyone keeps themselves to themselves and people like to keep things 'local', The League of Gentlemen is one of the most powerful comic formats ever created.
Along with The Fast Show, it made the sketch format 'cool' after the genre spending years in the wilderness. Without The League, there would have been - almost without a doubt - no Little Britain.
At times genuinely moving, at others so profoundly disturbing and shocking that it transcends traditional comedy, most of the time TLOG is just extremely funny, biting and brilliantly, dramatically written - the classiest sketch-based format written in recent broadcasting history.
Starting as a revue format at Edinburgh and then vaulting onto radio, The League of Gentlemen is a sketch show, although it is also a sitcom - particularly in its television guise.
In the village of Royston Vasey, various characters mostly played by Gatiss, Pemberton and Shearsmith inhabit a dark world of secrets and offhand depravity.
The local butcher, Hilary Briss, serves a particular kind of 'special stuff' the nature of which is never discovered. German scoutleader Herr Lipp has questionable relations with his charges. Theatre troupe Legz Akimbo are led by the thoroughly inadequate Olly, whilst sadistic restart officer Pauline rules her charges with a mixture of cruelty and contempt. The Dentons worship toads and condemn self-abuse. Cab driver Barbara is never seen but is always saving up for her/his/its 'operation'.
Most appalling and most famous, however, are characters such as Papa Lazarou, the owner of a traveling circus whose catchphrase 'Hello Dave?' looks innocent on paper but which sounds utterly disgusting, and Tubbs and Edward, who run the 'Local Shop for Local People', fiercely hate outsiders, and at least in the TV version of the show, both show pronounced inbred, piglike noses.
Most formats that travel from radio to television, especially dark, imaginative formats such as The League, suffer because the mind tends to be able to 'do' things with the characters which reality can't match.
But the imaginations of the League, as well as Producer Gemma Rogers and Director Steve Bendelack, gave visual life to the League's monsters in far more horrifying, though comic, form than virtually anyone could have pictured on radio.
On radio, too, the series was more obviously 'sketches' - mainly owing to being performed live. Most of the TV series was made, however, on location and then screened for the audience.
The result is that although there's a laughter track, it's hardly noticeable, and doesn't interfere with the scenes - allowing The League to become its own world much more effectively.
Three series of The League were produced, with the BBC not closing the door on a fourth.
The first series saw the inhabitants reacting badly to a road being built through the town; the second saw plenty of deaths owing to a rash of nosebleeds. The first two series were both massively popular and cultish at the same time, winning a BAFTA, a Royal Television Society Award and a Golden Rose at Montreux.
The third series, however, took a different turn, with the characters all involved in a skein of stories which all interlinked into a larger narrative. The creators were getting frustrated with their characters and situations, and imprisoned within them - and this was made even plainer in the film version of the series, The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse, in which Royston Vasey is destroyed after a series of adventures between our world and that of the series.
Debates about the slightly less popular third series and the film remain rife - with diehard fans of the 'proper' League wishing that the creators had simply stuck to their original idea.
This, however, misses the point - which is that it was that need to create truly original characters that drove the League in the first place, and you can't stuff that genie back in the bottle. Whether they do another series or something completely new, it will be startling, and different - not just the old stuff redone.
Question:
‘This is a local shop, for local people’ – which TV programme?
Answer:
The League of Gentlemen (comedy)
Passage:
Newmarket Racecourse
Newmarket Racecourse, which has a capacity of 45,000,  is a British Thoroughbred horse racing venue in the town of Newmarket, Suffolk.  Newmarket is often referred to as the headquarters of British horseracing and is home to the largest cluster of training yards in the country and many key horse racing organisations, including Tattersalls, the National Horseracing Museum and the National Stud.  The racecourse hosts two of the country's five Classic Races - the 1,000 Guineas and 2,000 Guineas, and numerous other Group races.  In total, it hosts 9 of British racing's 32 annual Group 1 races.

History

Racing in Newmarket was recorded in the time of James I.  Charles II was known to attend races on Newmarket Heath with his brother, the future James II.  Up until 1744, the two most valuable races run at the course were the King's Plate and the Town Plate.  Two more Plate races were added in that year, paid for by local traders, both worth 50 guineas - one was a race for five-year-olds carrying 9 stone, one was an open age race in four mile heats.  Another paid for by landowners was a four-year-old race over four miles, each carrying 8 stone 7 lbs.  At that time, formal races at Newmarket only took place twice a year - once in April, once in October.  A second Spring meeting was added in 1753.

By 1840, there were seven annual meetings:

*The Craven Meeting - a week, beginning Easter Monday (inaugurated 1771)
*1st Spring Meeting - a week, beginning Easter Monday fortnight (inaugurated pre-1744)
*2nd Spring Meeting - a week, beginning Easter Monday month (inaugurated 1753)
*July Meeting - a few days, around 10 July (inaugurated 1765)
*1 October Meeting - a week, beginning Monday before the first Thursday in October (inaugurated pre-1744)
*2 October Meeting - a week, beginning Monday before the third Thursday in October (inaugurated 1762)
*Houghton Meeting - a few days, beginning two weeks later (inaugurated in 1770)

Layout

Newmarket, in fact, has two courses - the Rowley Mile Course and the July Course. Both are wide, galloping tracks used for Flat racing only.

*The Rowley Mile Course has a 1 mile 2 furlong (2 km) straight with minor undulations towards 'The Bushes', two furlongs (400 m) out. The penultimate furlong (200 m) is downhill and the last is uphill, forming 'The Dip'. Races beyond the distance of 1m 2f start on the 'Cesarewitch' or 'Beacon' course which turns right-handed into the straight.
*The July Course, also sometimes called the Summer Course, has a 1 mile (1600 m) straight, known as 'The Bunbury Mile'. After 2 furlongs (400 m), there is a long downhill stretch before the uphill furlong (200 m) to the finish. This course also uses the 'Cesarewitch/Beacon' course for longer distances, again turning right into the straight.

Technically, there is also a third course, the Round Course, but this is only used once a year for the Newmarket Town Plate, a race of great historical significance, but limited importance in modern day racing.

The Rowley Mile is used for racing in the Spring and Autumn, while the July Course is used in Summer. The Rowley Mile has a grass strip used by light aircraft, and formerly by the Royal Air Force (RAF) as RAF Newmarket.

The Devil's Dyke runs past the edge of the July course. About half of the racecourse complex, including the July and Cesarewitch/Beacon courses, is actually in the neighbouring county of Cambridgeshire.

Historically, there are various names that have been given to courses or parts of courses at Newmarket, and some are still in use today to describe particular race distances.  Whyte's History of the British Turf (1840), for instance, lists the Beacon Course, Round Course, Audley End Course, Clermont Course, Ancaster Mile, Rowley Mile, Abingdon Mile, Banbury Mile, Ditch Mile and Yearling Course.

Notable races 

The King's Plate (or Queen's Plate) was a major race run between 1634 and 1765.

Locations

 (Location of Carpark)

 (Rowley Mile)

 (July Course)
Question:
Newmarket, Cheltenham and Epsom are towns in England associated with which sport?
Answer:
Scratch sheet
Passage:
Guinness Brewing | Guinness Storehouse
Guinness Brewing | Guinness Storehouse ®
Food & Drink
Brewers' Dining Hall
Inspired by the 18th-and 19th-century dining rooms at St James's Gate, the Brewers' Dining Hall features an open kitchen and a menu of iconic Guinness® dishes.
Share
Back to 5th 1837 Bar & Brasserie
1837 Bar & Brasserie
This relaxed eatery takes its name from the year that the now-famous pairing of Guinness with oysters first hit the headlines. Enjoy small plates, hearty mains and sharing platters designed to perfectly complement our bold, flavourful beers.
Share
Back to Brewers' Dining Hall Arthur's Bar
Arthur's Bar
A tribute to the traditional Irish pub with hospitality to match, Arthur’s Bar is a perfect place to soak up a little atmosphere, sample the many Guinness variants and savour breath-taking views of our fair city.
Share
Back to 1837 Bar & Brasserie
Connoisseur Experience
Book in at our luxurious private Connoisseur Bar for a tasting experience like no other. Our expert staff will be your personal guides on a journey leading right to the heart of the black stuff.
Share
Question:
What is the first name of Mr. Guinness, of stout beer fame?
Answer:
Arthur
Passage:
Screwdriver (cocktail)
A screwdriver is a popular alcoholic highball drink made with orange juice and vodka. While the basic drink is simply the two ingredients, there are many variations; the most common one is made with one part vodka, one part of any kind of orange soda, and one part of orange juice. Many of the variations have different names in different parts of the world. The International Bartender Association has designated this cocktail as an IBA Official Cocktail.

History

This drink appears in literature as early as 1938 "And answered it 'The famous Smirnoff Screwdriver', Just pour a jigger of smirnoff vodka over ice cubes, fill glass with orange juice and serve".   Then later it is claimed that this drink was invented by American aviators "A Screwdriver —a half-orange-juice and half-vodka drink popularized by interned American aviators—costs a dollar including the customary barman's tip."

A written reference to the screwdriver is from the October 24, 1949 issue of Time:

In the dimly lighted bar of the sleek Park Hotel, Turkish intelligence agents mingle with American engineers and Balkan refugees, drinking the latest Yankee concoction of vodka and orange juice, called a 'screwdriver'. 

Variations 

A screwdriver with two parts of Sloe Gin, and filled with orange juice is a "Slow (Sloe) Screw".

A screwdriver with two parts of Sloe Gin, one part of Southern Comfort and filled with orange juice is a "Slow Comfortable Screw". 

A screwdriver with one part of Sloe Gin, one part of Southern Comfort and one part Galliano and filled with orange juice is a "Slow Comfortable Screw Up Against The Wall". 

A screwdriver with two parts vodka, four parts orange juice, and one part Galliano is a Harvey Wallbanger.

A screwdriver with equal parts vanilla vodka and Blue Curaçao topped with lemon-lime soda is a "Sonic Screwdriver".
Question:
The Harvey Wall Banger cocktail contain Vodka, orange juice and what else?
Answer:
Galliano
Passage:
"Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em" Moving House (TV Episode 1978)
"Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em" Moving House (TV Episode 1978) - IMDb
IMDb
There was an error trying to load your rating for this title.
Some parts of this page won't work property. Please reload or try later.
X Beta I'm Watching This!
Keep track of everything you watch; tell your friends.
Error
The Spencers are moving, as the council sees no other hope for the house Frank has been wrecking with his 'repairs' for years, as dramatically proven when they leave. Betty drives too fast,... See full summary  »
Director:
a list of 100 titles
created 20 Feb 2015
Search for " Moving House " on Amazon.com
Connect with IMDb
Title: Moving House (11 Nov 1978)
8.5/10
Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below.
You must be a registered user to use the IMDb rating plugin.
Add Image Add an image
Do you have any images for this title?
Edit
Storyline
The Spencers are moving, as the council sees no other hope for the house Frank has been wrecking with his 'repairs' for years, as dramatically proven when they leave. Betty drives too fast, so the movers's van which must follow has an accident. At their new home, also council owned, neighbor Lewis soon learns sharing a house with Frank means living in a live disaster area. Written by KGF Vissers
11 November 1978 (UK) See more  »
Company Credits
Frank makes a good impression
27 March 2010 | by ShadeGrenade
(Ambrosia) – See all my reviews
When Frank Spencer drove into the sea on Christmas Day 1975, viewers must have thought they had seen the last ( repeats excluded ) of the accident-prone character. Michael Crawford was keen to move on to stage musicals. But, at the climax of a 1977 documentary entitled 'To Be Perfectly Frank' ( which basically was about how the stunts were performed ) the actor said: "Although I have said I won't play Frank again, I wouldn't like to close any doors just yet...I miss him very much!".
In early 1978, 'The Sun' reported that Crawford had been signed for a third run of 'Some Mothers'. Good news indeed. It also claimed Peter Cook and Dudley Moore were all set to revive 'Not Only But Also'. Very good news indeed. Well, one out of two was not bad.
Michael Mills having moved to Thames ( where he produced the successful 'Get Some In!' ), ex-'Porridge' producer Sydney Lotterby replaced him. Raymond Allen was still writing the scripts, but this time the credits carried an addition: 'Based On Stories By Michael Crawford'. Frank is basically the same, except for his vocabulary which seems to have expanded considerably since we last saw him, hence expressions such as "we've been ejaculated from our home!".
'Moving House' begins with the Spencers doing just that. The removal men are too nervous to venture upstairs, so Frank has to bring the furniture down himself. No sooner have they left their old home than it literally collapses. Betty's reckless driving means the removal van has to keep up, causing Frank to be buffeted about like a rag doll. Most of their belongings wind up on the road. Frank even falls into a barrel of tar at one point, and emerges looking like something out of 'Quatermass 2' ( he chats briefly to an Indian man played by Babar Bhatti - of 'It Ain't Half Hot Mum' - but this scene is missing from the D.V.D. release ).
Minus shirt, he goes to see Mr.Wright ( Glyn Houston ) to see about getting a phone installed in his shed. He fails. At 27 Sodbury Terrace, he turns the water back on, drenching neighbour Mr.Lewis ( Glynn Edwards ) who had been trying to unblock the sink...
I'm sure impressionists must have been horrified when they saw this opener and found Frank not wearing his trademark beret and mackintosh. Luckily, these returned in the very next episode. To promote the show, Crawford appeared on 'Bruce Forsyth & The Generation Game' the very evening it was broadcast. He was in character, and caused part of the set to fall down. Bruce remarked: "I'll kill that Frank Spencer!".
Ronnie Hazlehurst's theme has ( to emphasise this is a new show ) been augmented by a tuba.
Funniest moment - it is night time. Frank goes up into the loft, and falls head-first through his neighbour's ( Jean Boht ) ceiling, clutching the cat: "Hello. I'm your new neighbour!".
2 of 2 people found this review helpful.  Was this review helpful to you?
Yes
Question:
Which sitcom character lived at 27, Sodbury Terrace
Answer:
Frank Spencer
