Passage:
White Wedding by Billy Idol Songfacts - Song Meanings at ...
White Wedding by Billy Idol Songfacts
White Wedding by Billy Idol Songfacts
Songfacts
Despite rumors to the contrary, this song is not about Idol's actual little sister. "Little sister" is slang for girlfriend. He is singing about a woman/girl he loves marrying someone else while he still loves her.
Idol did have a sister who was getting married, but on an episode of VH1 Storytellers, he explained that his sister's wedding simply gave him the idea for the song. Like many of Idol's compositions, he started with the title and wrote the song from there. >>
Suggestion credit:
Jon - Atlanta, GA
The video for this song help launch Billy Idol to stardom. It was directed by David Mallet, who had worked with Queen and David Bowie. Idol had little cash, so Mallet cut him a break on his fee. The concept was a "nightmare wedding," with a Goth guy (Idol) marrying a normal girl, with some vampire imagery thrown in. The bride was played by Perri Lister, who was Billy's girlfriend. The resulting video contained some of the most indelible images seen on MTV, including the barbed-wire wedding ring, the motorcycle crashing through the church window, and the dancers slapping their own butts in time to the music.
Mallet said of Idol in the book I Want My MTV: "In those days, he was the greatest looker and mover since Elvis. Before 'White Wedding,' nobody would have admitted that was even possible. One look at that video and they got him."
A key element to this song is the quick little guitar riff that starts it. Idol and his guitarist, Steve Stevens, liked to have a distinctive guitar part to open the songs - they thought of it like a flag harkening its arrival.
This song is very anti-marriage song, and yet many people have it played at their weddings simply because it mentions a wedding.
This was used in the movie The Wedding Singer. After getting dumped at the alter, Adam Sandler tells his friends to "turn this crap off" after the video comes on. Idol later appears in the movie as himself. He helps get Sandler together with Drew Barrymore.
In the UK, this did not become a hit until 1985, when it was released there for the third time.
Herman's Hermits recorded this for the 2002 album When Pigs Fly: Songs You Never Thought You'd Hear . Cevin Soling, who put the album together, explains why he chose this song for Herman's Hermits: "They have that very sweet, innocent persona. And you think of Herman's Hermits, you think that the cute, adorable Peter Noone fronting this very sweet, innocent thing. And then you've got Billy Idol who's kind of the antithesis of that. A friend of mine got to play the song for Billy Idol on the air, and she was interviewing him, so she played the Herman's Hermit's 'White Wedding' for Billy Idol. I think he just said the word, 'Frightening.'" (Check out our interview with Cevin Soling .)
Question:
Who had a hit in the 1980s with White Wedding
Answer:
William Albert Michael Broad
Passage:
Winter Squash Visual Guide | Epicurious.com
Winter Squash Visual Guide | Epicurious.com | Epicurious.com
print
T he cooler months are prime time for winter squash. Pumpkins may get all the glory at Halloween, but there are many other versatile, vividly colored, flavorful, and nutrient-packed varieties to brighten up fall and winter meals. Sweeter, denser, and more firm in texture than summer squash or zucchini, winter squash take well to a wide spectrum of seasonings and can be true crowd-pleasers in warming soups , casseroles , risotto , lasagna , and even desserts .
The term winter squash is a bit of a misnomer: Harvested in the fall, these hardy vegetables will keep well through the cold winter months for which they're named. Chances are that sugar pumpkins, acorn squash, and butternut squash are the most readily available types at local supermarkets. Others, such as spaghetti, buttercup, and red kuri, are worth seeking out at farmers' markets, health food stores, or specialty shops. Regardless of the type, to get the best quality, select winter squash that are blemish- and bruise-free, with an intact stem and heavy feeling for their size.
Naturally low in fat and calories, the winter squash family delivers significant nutritional benefits. For example, one cup of baked butternut squash is rich in vitamins A (from beta carotene), B6, C, and E, as well as magnesium, potassium, and manganese. Flavors are generally mild-to-sweet, so squash won't overwhelm other ingredients and can easily be incorporated into your seasonal cooking. The orange and yellow flesh helps brighten dishes—a definite bonus, especially in the colder months, when variety and color can be hard to come by in seasonal produce. And don't be daunted by winter squash's size, heft, and tough exterior; in fact, you can sometimes find popular varieties like butternut in stores already peeled and cubed. Use our recipes to transform the flesh into something sweet or savory, and you'll know that it's well worth the effort!
Kabocha Squash
Characteristics: The squat, green kabocha—the Japanese word for squash—has a nutty, earthy flavor with just a touch of sweetness. It's similar in shape and size to a buttercup squash, but the base points out and not in.
Recipes to try:
Question:
Acorn, spaghetti, and butternut are all types of what?
Answer:
Squash (disambiguation)
Passage:
Flag of Nepal
The national flag of Nepal () is the world's only non-quadrilateral national flag. The flag is a simplified combination of two single pennons, the vexillological word for a pennant. Its crimson red is the colour of the rhododendron, the country's national flower. Red is also the sign of victory in war. The blue border is the colour of peace. Until 1962, the flag's emblems, the sun and the crescent moon, had human faces. They were removed to modernize the flag.

The flag was adopted, with the formation of a new constitutional government, on December 16, 1962. The individual pennants had been used for the preceding two centuries and the double pennant since the 19th century. The flag borrows the basic design from the original design, which has been in use for more than 2,000 years.

Symbolism 

The flag was adopted after Prithvi Narayan Shah unified all small principalities of Nepal. In modern times the concept of the flag has changed to have a different meaning. The blue border symbolizes peace and harmony. The crimson red is Nepal's national color, and it indicates the brave spirits of the Nepalese people. The two triangles symbolize the Himalaya Mountains. The depiction of celestial bodies represents permanence, the hope that Nepal will last as long as the sun and the moon. 

The moon symbolizes that the Nepalese are soothing and calm, while the sun symbolizes fierce resolve. The moon also symbolizes the shades and the cool weather of the Himalayas, whereas the sun symbolizes the heat and the high temperature at the lower part (Tarai) of Nepal.  Another interpretation: The flag's shape could also symbolize a Nepalese pagoda - as noted by local Nepalese, placing a mirror at the side of the flag closest to the flagpole will generate an image of a pagoda.

Flag layout 

There is a precise description of the Nepalese national flag in the Constitution of the Kingdom of Nepal, Article 5, Schedule 1, adopted 9 November 1990. 

National Flag

(A) Method of Making the Shape inside the Border
(1) On the lower portion of a crimson cloth draw a line AB of the required length from left to right.
(2) From A draw a line AC perpendicular to AB making AC equal to AB plus one third AB. From AC mark off D making line AD equal to line AB. Join BD.
(3) From BD mark off E making BE equal to AB.
(4) Touching E draw a line FG, starting from the point F on line AC, parallel to AB to the right hand-side. Mark off FG equal to AB.
(5) Join CG.

(B) Method of Making the Moon
(6) From AB mark off H making AH equal to one-fourth of line AB and starting from H draw a line HI parallel to line AC touching line CG at point I.
(7) Bisect CF at J and draw a line JK parallel to AB touching CG at point K.
(8) Let L be the point where lines JK and HI cut one another.
(9) Join JG.
(10) Let M be the point where line JG and HI cut one another.
(11) With centre M and with a distance shortest from M to BD mark off N on the lower portion of line HI.
(12) Touching M and starting from O, a point on AC, draw a line from left to right parallel to AB.
(13) With centre L and radius LN draw a semi-circle on the lower portion and let P and Q be the points where it touches the line OM respectively.
(14) With centre M and radius MQ draw a semi-circle on the lower portion touching P and Q.
(15) With centre N and radius NM draw an arc touching PNQ [sic] at R and S. Join RS. Let T be the point where RS and HI cut one another.
(16) With Centre T and radius TS draw a semi-circle on the upper portion of PNQ touching it at two points.
(17) With centre T and radius TM draw an arc on the upper portion of PNQ touching at two points.
(18) Eight equal and similar triangles of the moon are to be made in the space lying inside the semi-circle of No. (16) and outside the arc of No. (17) of this Schedule.

(C) Method of making the Sun
(19) Bisect line AF at U and draw a line UV parallel to line AB touching line BE at V.
(20) With centre W, the point where HI and UV cut one another and radius MN draw a circle.
(21) With centre W and radius LN draw a circle
(22) Twelve equal and similar triangles of the sun are to be made in the space enclosed by the circles of No. (20) and of No. (21) with the two apexes of two triangles touching line HI.

(D) Method of Making the Border
(23) The width of the border will be equal to the width TN. This will be of deep blue colour and will be provided on all the sides of the flag. However, on the five angles of the flag the external angles will be equal to the internal angles.
(24) The above mentioned border will be provided if the flag is to be used with a rope. On the other hand, if it is to be hoisted on a pole, the hole on the border on the side AC can be extended according to requirements.

Explanation: The lines HI, RS, FE, ED, JG, OQ, JK and UV are imaginary. Similarly, the external and internal circles of the sun and the other arcs except the crescent moon are also imaginary. These are not shown on the flag.

Aspect ratio 

According to the stated geometric construction law, the circumscribing rectangle has an irrational ratio of 1:1.21901033… ().

Other flags

File:Pre-1962 Flag of Nepal (with spacing).svg| First flag of Nepal
File:Mustang flag.svg| Flag of Mustang
Question:
Which country has the world's only non-quadrilateral national flag?
Answer:
Nepol
Passage:
European shag
The European shag or common shag (Phalacrocorax aristotelis) is a species of cormorant. It breeds around the rocky coasts of western and southern Europe, southwest Asia and north Africa, mainly wintering in its breeding range except for the northernmost birds. In Britain this seabird is usually referred to as simply the shag. The scientific genus name is Latinised Ancient Greek, from φαλακρός (phalakros, "bald") and κόραξ (korax, "raven"). The species name aristotelis commemorates the Greek philosopher Aristotle.

Description

This is a medium-large black bird, 68 to long and with a 95 to wingspan. It has a longish tail and yellow throat-patch. Adults have a small crest in the breeding season. It is distinguished from the great cormorant by its smaller size, lighter build, thinner bill, and, in breeding adults, by the crest and metallic green-tinged sheen on the feathers. Among those differences are that a shag has a lighter, narrower beak; and the juvenile shag has darker underparts. The European shag's tail has 12 feathers, the great cormorant's 14 feathers. The green sheen on the feathers results in the alternative name green cormorant sometimes being given to the European shag.

Habitat

It feeds in the sea, and, unlike the great cormorant, is rare inland. It will winter along any coast that is well-supplied with fish.

The European shag is one of the deepest divers among the cormorant family. Using depth gauges, European shags have been shown to dive to at least 45 m. European shags are preponderantly benthic feeders, i.e. they find their prey on the sea bottom. They will eat a wide range of fish but their commonest prey is the sand eel. Shags will travel many kilometres from their roosting sites in order to feed.

In UK coastal waters, dive times are typically around 20 to 45 seconds, with a recovery time of around 15 seconds between dives; this is consistent with aerobic diving, i.e. the bird depends on the oxygen in its lungs and dissolved in its bloodstream during the dive. When they dive, they jump out of the water first to give extra impetus to the dive.

It breeds on coasts, nesting on rocky ledges or in crevices or small caves. The nests are untidy heaps of rotting seaweed or twigs cemented together by the bird's own guano. The nesting season is long, beginning in late February but some nests not started until May or even later. Three eggs are laid. Their chicks hatch without down and so they rely totally on their parents for warmth, often for a period of two months before they can fly. Fledging may occur at any time from early June to late August, exceptionally to mid-October.

Subspecies

There are three subspecies:
* P. a. aristotelis – (Linnaeus, 1761): nominate, found in northwestern Europe (Atlantic Ocean coasts)
* P. a.  desmarestii – (Payraudeau, 1826): found in southern Europe, southwest Asia (Mediterranean and Black Sea coasts)
* P. a.  riggenbachi – Hartert, 1923: found in northwest African coast
The subspecies differ slightly in bill size and the breast and leg colour of young birds. Recent evidence suggests that birds on the Atlantic coast of southwest Europe are distinct from all three, and may be an as-yet undescribed subspecies.

The name shag is also used in the Southern Hemisphere for several additional species of cormorants.

Example locations

The European shag can be readily be seen at the following breeding locations in the season (late April to mid July): Farne Islands, England; Deerness and Fowlsheugh, Scotland; Runde, Norway; Iceland, Faroe Islands and Galicia.

The largest colony of European shags is in the Cíes Islands, with 2,500 pairs (25% of the world's population).
Question:
By what other name is the Green Cormorant known?
Answer:
SHAG
Passage:
Araneus diadematus
The spider species Araneus diadematus is commonly called the European garden spider, diadem spider, cross spider, or crowned orb weaver. It is an orb-weaver spider found in Europe and North America.

Range

A. diadematus is found throughout Europe and across North America, from southern Canada to Mexico, and from British Columbia to Newfoundland. 

Size and markings

Individual spiders' colourings can range from extremely light yellow to very dark grey, but all A. diadematus have mottled white markings across the dorsal abdomen, with four or more segments forming a cross. The markings are formed in cells filled with guanine, which is a byproduct of protein metabolism.

Adult females range in length from , while males range from .  Occasionally, the female will eat the male directly after mating. (See video below.)

Specialization

The legs of orb-weaver spiders are specialized for spinning orb webs. The webs are built by the larger females who hang head down in the center of the web or remain hidden in nearby foliage, with one claw hooked to a signal line connected to the main orb waiting for a disturbance to signal the arrival of prey. Prey is then quickly bitten and wrapped in silk before being stored for later consumption. The initial bite serves to paralyze the prey and minimize the danger of the spider herself being stung or bitten, and the enzymes thus injected serve to begin liquefaction of the prey's internal structures.

A. diadematus is a reclusive creature and only bites humans if cornered or otherwise provoked. The bite is not unlike a mild bee sting.[http://naturemappingfoundation.org/natmap/facts/cross_spider_712.html Cross Spider], Washington NatureMapping Project

Some orb-web spiders (e.g., Neoscona arabesca) routinely recycle the metabolically costly silk by disassembling and eating their webs in the morning or evening, depending on the species' diurnal or nocturnal nature, or in anticipation of a thunderstorm. This complex process can take just a few minutes.
Question:
Araneus diadematus is the widely-found European garden?
Answer:
Egg sac
Passage:
John Curry | British figure skater | Britannica.com
John Curry | British figure skater | Britannica.com
British figure skater
Alternative Title: John Anthony Curry
John Curry
Christopher Dean
John Curry, in full John Anthony Curry (born September 9, 1949, Birmingham , England —died April 15, 1994, Binton, Warwickshire, England), English figure skater who redefined the sport with his elegant balletic style. Known as “the Nureyev of the ice,” he won the gold medal at the 1976 Olympic Games in Innsbruck, Austria.
John Curry (U.K.), 1976.
Central Press/Hulton Archive/Getty Images
Curry had an early interest in ballet , but his father would not allow him to take dance lessons because he felt dance was effeminate. Curry began skating at age seven, however, because his father considered ice skating a sport. Combining graceful athleticism and innovative choreography, he was the British national champion in 1971 and from 1973 to 1976. He moved to the United States in 1973, where he trained with Carlo Fassi . For the first time, Curry was able to devote himself fully to skating, thanks to financial help from an American sponsor.
In 1976 Curry reached the pinnacle of his amateur career, winning the British national, European, and world titles, as well as the gold medal at the Olympics. Although his earlier performances had been criticized for lacking the more athletic and daring moves expected in men’s figure skating, Curry included three triples in his Olympic program. As a result, seven of the nine judges placed Curry first, with the Soviet and Canadian judges placing him second, for Great Britain’s first gold medal in figure skating. Later that year, Curry was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire .
After winning the world title, Curry turned professional. He formed his own touring company, working with such ballet choreographers as Twyla Tharp , Kenneth MacMillan, and Peter Martins . In 1978 he established a skating school in New York City . Diagnosed with AIDS , he retired from the sport in 1991.
Learn More in these related articles:
Question:
What was the name of the British figure skater who was 1976 Olympic and World Champion?
Answer:
John Curry
Passage:
Baroness Emmuska Orczy - Biography - IMDb
Baroness Emmuska Orczy - Biography - IMDb
Baroness Emmuska Orczy
Jump to: Overview  (3) | Spouse  (1) | Trivia  (5)
Overview (3)
Emmuska Magdalena Rosalia Maria Josepha Barbara Orczy
Spouse (1)
The name Orczy is pronounced Ort-zee.
Her most famous work, "The Scarlet Pimpernel", was written as a play in 1904.
The language she wrote in, English, was not her mother tongue, rather, it was her third language - she had been exiled from her native land as a girl.
Gave birth to her only child at age 33, a son John Montague Orczy-Barstow on February 25, 1899. Child's father is her then husband, Montagu Barstow .
Also known as Mrs. Montagu Barstow.
See also
Question:
By what name is Mrs Montagu Barstow better known?
Answer:
Baroness d'Orczy
Passage:
Altbier
Altbier (German: old beer) is a style of beer brewed in the historical region of Westphalia and the city of Düsseldorf, Germany. Its name comes from it being top-fermented, an older method than the bottom fermentation of other lagered beers.

Characteristics 

Altbier is usually a dark copper colour. It is fermented at a moderate temperature using a top-fermenting yeast which gives its flavour some fruitiness, but matured at a cooler temperature, which gives it a cleaner and crisper taste more akin to lager beer styles than is the norm for top-fermented beers, such as British pale ale.  

Altbier in Germany 

Altbier is the dominant beer variety in the Lower Rhine region and especially in the towns of Düsseldorf, Krefeld and Mönchengladbach. The first producer to use the name Alt to contrast its top fermenting beer with the bottom fermenting kinds was the Schumacher brewery of Düsseldorf, which opened in 1838. 

The market leader in terms of volume sold is Diebels, a brand within the InBev brewing empire. Other mass-market brewers of Altbier include the Radeberger Gruppe under the brands Schlösser Alt and Hansa Alt. These are complemented by small breweries, predominantly based in Düsseldorf.

Some Altbier breweries have a tradition of producing a stronger version known as Sticke Alt, coming from a local dialect word meaning "secret", originally a special reserve beer intended for the brewers' own consumption. It is generally a seasonal or special occasion brew, and is stronger in taste and alcohol as well as darker than the brewery's standard output.

Producers in Düsseldorf 

There are eight bars in Düsseldorf which brew Altbier on the premises:
* Füchschen 
* Kürzer 
* Schumacher 
* Schlüssel 
* Uerige 
* Alter Bahnhof (Gulasch Alt) 
* Brauhaus Joh Albrecht (Johann Albrecht Alt) 
* Brauerei Möhker

Füchschen, Uerige, Schlüssel and Kürzer are all brewed and sold in the Old Town (Altstadt). Schumacher is between the Altstadt and the main train station (Hauptbahnhof), although it also has a pub in the Altstadt, Im Goldenen Kessel, across the street from Schlüssel.

Each brewpub produces a seasonal "Sticke" variant in small quantities, though the names vary: Schlüssel spells it "Stike", without the "c", while Schumacher calls its special beer "Latzenbier", meaning "slat beer", possibly because the kegs from which it was poured had been stored on raised shelves.  Füchschen's seasonal is its Weihnachtsbier (Christmas beer), available in bottles starting mid-November, and served in the brewpub on Christmas Eve. 

Producers outside Düsseldorf 

Altbier brewed outside Düsseldorf includes that produced by Pinkus Müller brewery in Münster, the Diebels brewery in Issum, the Gleumes brewery in Krefeld, the Bolten brewery in Korschenbroich and the Warsteiner brewery in Warstein, which owns the brand "Frankenheim Alt", which was originally brewed in Düsseldorf. The biggest Altbier brewery is located in Krefeld: Former Rhenania brewery, now called Königshofer brewery produces besides their self labelled Königshofer Alt a variety of different brands including the Carlsberg owned Hannen Alt and Gatzweiler Alt. Altbier is somewhat similar to Cologne's native beer style Kölsch, being warm-fermented at a lower temperature than British ales, and Altbier proper is also brewed in Cologne's smallest brewery "Braustelle" as "Ehrenfelder Alt". 

Outside Germany 

Altbier has been produced in the city of Venlo in the Netherlands since at least 1753. Venlo is on the border to Germany approximately 50 km (30 miles) from Düsseldorf. The beer was produced up until the Second World War but then had a hiatus until its revival in 1983. It is produced by the Lindeboom brewery, who bought the recipe in 2001.

Altbier is also brewed in small quantities in Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, the UK, the United States, Canada, New Zealand, and South Africa.

In 2003, Drayman's Brewery in Pretoria, produced what was probably the first commercially available Altbier in South Africa, Düssel Altbier. 

Versions of Altbier are brewed in the United States, though not always to traditional recipes. Great Basin Brewing Company produces and bottles Wild Horse Ale, which is billed as an alt-style ale.  "White Street Altbier" from White Street Brewing Co. in Wake Forest, North Carolina, showcases German malts and hops in the classic style. "Copper Alt" from Olde Mecklenburg Brewery in Charlotte, North Carolina, is based on the original Düsseldorf Altbier style. Arbor Brewing Company of Michigan produces "Olde Number 22" altbier as a seasonal specialty. River's Edge Brewery in Milford, MI brews a traditional version called Ctrl+Alt+Del. Hops and Grain in Austin, Texas brews an altbier called Alt-eration.   Kansas City Bier Co in Kansas City, MO produce a seasonal beer called Doppel Alt—based on German brewing standards.  In Houston, Texas, 8th Wonder Brewery crafts an altbier year-round called Alternate Universe.  Union Craft Brewing Company out of Baltimore, Maryland brews "Balt Altbier".   Other American ales brewed in the Alt style include Double Bag Double Altbier (Long Trail Brewing Company), Alaskan Amber (Alaskan Brewing Company), Sly Fox Grand Opening Alt (Sly Fox Brewery) and Siren's Song (Düsseldorf Altbier) (Maui Brewing Company). Schell's Brewing in New Ulm, MN seasonally produces Schmaltz's Alt, which they classify as a Doppel Alt.

Kilannan Brewing Company near Owen Sound, Ontario has been brewing an Altbier since 2012. Kilannan also produces a traditional Kölsch. The Creemore Springs brewery in Ontario, Canada celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2012 by producing an Altbier in collaboration with the Schlüssel brewery of Düsseldorf.
Question:
Alt, Bock, Dunkel and Helles are German varieties of what?
Answer:
Brewing industry
Passage:
Zygomatic bone
In the human skull, the zygomatic bone (cheekbone or malar bone) is a paired bone which articulates with the maxilla, the temporal bone, the sphenoid bone and the frontal bone. It is situated at the upper and lateral part of the face and forms the prominence of the cheek, part of the lateral wall and floor of the orbit, and parts of the temporal and infratemporal fossa. It presents a malar and a temporal surface; four processes, the frontosphenoidal, orbital, maxillary, and temporal; and four borders.

Structure 

Surfaces 

The malar surface is convex and perforated near its center by a small aperture, the zygomaticofacial foramen, for the passage of the zygomaticofacial nerve and vessels; below this foramen is a slight elevation, which gives origin to the zygomaticus muscle.

The temporal surface, directed posteriorly and medially, is concave, presenting medially a rough, triangular area, for articulation with the maxilla (articular surface), and laterally a smooth, concave surface, the upper part of which forms the anterior boundary of the temporal fossa, the lower a part of the infratemporal fossa. Near the center of this surface is the zygomaticotemporal foramen for the transmission of the zygomaticotemporal nerve.

The orbital surface forms the lateral part and some of the inferior part of the bony orbit. The zygomatic nerve passes through the zygomatic-orbital foramen on this surface. The lateral palpebral ligament attaches to a small protuberance called the orbital tubercle.

Processes 

Each zygomatic bone is diamond-shaped and composed of three processes with similarly named associated bony articulations: frontal, temporal, and maxillary. Each process of the zygomatic bone forms important structures of the skull.

The orbital surface of the frontal process of the zygomatic bone forms the anterior lateral orbital wall, with usually a small paired foramen, the zygomaticofacial foramen opening on its lateral surface. The temporal process of the zygomatic bone forms the zygomatic arch along with the zygomatic process of the temporal bone, with a paired zygomaticotemporal foramen present on the medial deep surface of the bone. The orbital surface of the maxillary process of the zygomatic bone forms a part of the infraorbital rim and a small part of the anterior part of the lateral orbital wall. 

Borders 

The antero-superior or orbital border is smooth, concave, and forms a considerable part of the circumference of the orbit.

The antero-inferior or maxillary border is rough, and bevelled at the expense of its inner table, to articulate with the maxilla; near the orbital margin it gives origin to the Quadratus labii superioris.

The postero-superior or temporal border, curved like an italic letter f, is continuous above with the commencement of the temporal line, and below with the upper border of the zygomatic arch; the temporal fascia is attached to it.

The postero-inferior or zygomatic border affords attachment by its rough edge to the Masseter.

Articulations 

The zygomatic articulates with four bones: the frontal, sphenoid, temporal, and maxilla.

Development

The zygomatic bone is generally described as ossifying from three centers— one for the malar and two for the orbital portion; these appear about the eighth week and fuse about the fifth month of fetal life.

Mall describes it as being ossified from one center which appears just beneath and to the lateral side of the orbit.

After birth, the bone is sometimes divided by a horizontal suture into an upper larger, and a lower smaller division.

In some quadrumana the zygomatic bone consisted of two parts, an orbital and a malar.

Society and culture

High cheekbones are pronounced zygomatic arches, causing the upper part of the cheeks to jut out and form a line cut into the sides of the face. High cheekbones, forming a symmetrical face shape, are very common in fashion models and are considered a beauty trait in both males and females. 

Etymology 

The term zygomatic derives from the Greek Ζυγόμα zygoma meaning "yoke".  The zygomatic bone is occasionally referred to as the zygoma, but this term may also refer to the zygomatic arch. The zygomatic is homologous to the jugal bone of other tetrapods.

Additional images 

In other animals 

In non-mammalian vertebrates, the zygomatic bone is referred to as the jugal bone, since these animals have no zygomatic arch. It is  found in most reptiles, amphibians, and birds. It is connected to the quadratojugal and maxilla, as well as other bones, which may vary by species.

This bone is considered key in the determination of general traits of the skull, as in the case of creatures, such as dinosaurs in paleontology, whose entire skull has not been found. In coelacanths and early tetrapods the bone is relatively large. Here, it is a plate-like bone forming the lower margin of the orbit and much of the side of the face. In ray-finned fishes it is reduced or absent, and the entire cheek region is generally small. The bone is also absent in living amphibians.

With the exception of turtles, the jugal bone in reptiles forms a relatively narrow bar separating the orbit from the inferior temporal fenestra, of which it may also form the lower boundary. The bone is similarly reduced in birds. In mammals, it takes on broadly the form seen in humans, with the bar between the orbit and fenestra vanishing entirely, and only the lower boundary of the fenestra remaining, as the zygomatic arch.
Question:
What is the more common name for the zygomatic bone?
Answer:
Os zygomaticus
Passage:
Taipan
The taipans are snakes of the genus Oxyuranus in  the elapid family. They are large, fast-moving, highly venomous, and endemic to Australasia. 
There are currently three recognized species, one of which, the coastal taipan, has two subspecies. The taipans are considered some of the most deadly known snakes.

Etymology

The common name, taipan, was coined by anthropologist Donald Thomson after the word used by the Wik-Mungkan Aboriginal people of central Cape York Peninsula, Queensland, Australia. 

Species and geographic ranges

The three known species are: the coastal taipan (Oxyuranus scutellatus), the inland taipan  (Oxyuranus microlepidotus), and a recently discovered third species, the Central Ranges taipan (Oxyuranus temporalis).  The coastal taipan has two subspecies: the coastal taipan (O. s. scutellatus), found along the northeastern coast of Queensland, and the Papuan taipan (O. s. canni), found on the southern coast of Papua New Guinea.

Diet

Their diets consist primarily of small mammals, especially rats and bandicoots.

Venom

Species of this genus possess highly neurotoxic venom with some other toxic constituents that have multiple effects on victims. The venom is known to paralyze victim's nervous system and clot the blood, which then blocks blood vessels and uses up clotting factors. Members of this genus are considered to be among the most venomous land snakes based on their murine , an indicator of the toxicity on mice. The inland taipan is considered to be the most venomous land snake and the coastal taipan, which is arguably the largest Australian venomous snake, is the third-most venomous land snake. The central ranges taipan has been less researched than other species of this genus, so the exact toxicity of its venom is still not clear, but it may be even more venomous than the other taipan species.  Apart from venom toxicity, quantities of venom delivered should also be taken into account for the danger posed. The coastal taipan is capable of injecting a large quantity of venom due to its large size. 

In 1950, Kevin Budden, an amateur herpetologist, was one of the first people to capture a taipan alive, although he was bitten in the process and died the next day.  The snake, which ended up dying a few weeks later, was milked by Melbourne zoologist David Fleay and its venom used to develop an antivenom, which became available in 1955.  

Temperament also varies from species to species. The inland taipan is generally shy while the coastal taipan can be quite aggressive when cornered and will actively defend itself.

Taxonomy
Question:
What type of creature is a taipan?
Answer:
Snkae
Passage:
HM Prison Maidstone
HM Prison Maidstone is a Category C men's prison, located in Maidstone, Kent, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.

History

Maidstone Prison is one of the oldest penal institutions in the United Kingdom, having been in operation for over 200 years. 

Originally serving as a county jail, Maidstone was converted to a prison during the 1740s. During his visits to the prison, reformer John Howard reported poor living conditions at the prison including overcrowding and poor ventilation. However, conditions would remain unchanged until a reconstruction of the prison took place under the supervision of Daniel Asher Alexander, who had worked on the construction of Dartmoor Prison, lasting from 1811 until its completion in 1819 at a cost of £200,000.  Also involved in the design of Maidstone Prison was Kent architect John Whichcord Snr, who was Surveyor to the County of Kent from the 1820s.  Mr Whichcord is probably best known for designing the Kent County Lunatic Asylum in the 1830s, also in Maidstone, and similarities between the two buildings are apparent.

Constructed using Kentish Ragstone from a local quarry, the original design of the prison was intended to house 552 prisoners, including 62 female inmates. The first 141 prisoners arrived in March 1819. 

Over the next decade, additions to the prison were made including a courthouse in 1826 as well as individual cells, dayrooms, courtyards and offices attributed to suggestions made by Howard. Other reforms later included a strictly enforced segregation of prisoners by offence and the general improvement of living conditions such as improving the water supply, sanitation and ventilation systems, many of these renovations were made with prison labour over the course of the century. 

By the late 20th century, the only remaining signs of the original prison are the large and small roundhouses, the Weald Wing, the Administrative Block, the Training Complex, the Visits Building and the perimeter wall. 

Reggie Kray married Roberta Jones in Maidstone prison on July 14, 1997 

Jonathan King was an inmate from 2001-2005. 

In August, 2007 Weald Wing was closed when Legionella bacteria was discovered in the water supply. Approximately 80 prisoners were dispersed to other prisons. 
At the end of January, 2009 it was announced that the prison would become a sex offenders' unit. 

Present-day

Maidstone accommodates foreign national prisoners convicted of a range of offences; many are deported at the end of their sentence. The prison is classed as a "training prison" and it includes a print shop and brick works. A good deal of work is carried out on the gardens, they frequently win awards, and a new environmental garden area is being developed.

Media appearances

The exterior of Maidstone Prison was shown in the title sequence (and some episodes) of the 1970s BBC comedy series Porridge and the 1990s BBC comedy series Birds of a Feather.
Question:
Who married Roberta Jones in Maidstone prison in 1997
Answer:
Reginald Kray
Passage:
Gandhi, Mohandas, Karam Chand, Mahatma, Gandhiji
Gandhi, Mohandas, Karam Chand, Mahatma, Gandhiji
Our Partners
Gandhiji or Mahatma Gandhi, Father of Nation
He was christened Mohandas. He signed his name as M.K. Gandhi , but in full it was Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. (He was the third son of the state's divan (Prime Minister) Karamchand Gandhi and Putlibai). He preferred being called ' Gandhiji '. For India , officially, he is the Father of Nation, and is fondly called 'Bapu' ('father', in Gujarat i). Tagore the poet called him reverentially ' Mahatma ' (to mean 'Great Soul' in Sanskrit and almost all other languages in India ), and the honorific title stuck and for the whole world he became Mahatma Gandhi, the spiritual leader who helped to win the freedom back to India from the hands of the British colonialists through a non-violent struggle of resistance, the modern apostle of non-violence , amity and peace, and a role model for morality in public life. And when he was felled in a Free India by the bullets of a Hindu fanatic who felt Gandhi was a supporter of the Muslims , Einstein , the great scientist and humanist, paid his tributes thus: "Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this walked the Earth in flesh and blood." From The British George Bernard Shaw who rejected the award of a Nobel Prize to the French Romain Rolland who accepted it had held Gandhi in high esteem. Gandhi's martyrdom was the pinnacle of the several sacrifices he offered for the principles he held sacred. It was on January 30, 1948 that he fell. His country had become independent months before, in August 1947, but the country was partitioned into Pakistan and India . The irony was that the Hindu s and the Muslims would not live in peace, and they continued their rioting. When Indian National Leaders were celebrating the dawn of freedom in Delhi , Gandhi, the architect of freedom, was in Bengal , trying to quell the rioting. And finally, he had to begin his fast against the rioting and for the ending of the riots. The riots stopped, and the fast ended, but Gandhi was assassinated before long, by those who thought he was siding with the Muslims!
Contents
Question:
What historical Indian figure is fondly called Bapu?
Answer:
Little brown saint
Passage:
Manchester United star Anthony Martial wins 2015 Golden ...
Manchester United star Anthony Martial wins 2015 Golden Boy award - Football - Eurosport UK
Manchester United star Anthony Martial wins 2015 Golden Boy award
0
0
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has won the Golden Boy trophy, awarded to Europe’s best young player.
According to United’s website, Martial “scooped the prize ahead of Bayern Munich 's Kingsley Coman and Arsenal 's Hector Bellerin. His Reds team-mates Luke Shaw and Adnan Januzaj were also on the 40-strong shortlist.”
Martial, 20, joined United from Monaco in a deal worth up to £58 million and has scored six goals in 19 appearances for the club.
The Golden Boy is awarded by Italian newspaper Tuttosport to the most promising player aged under 21 in Europe and is decided by a poll of journalists from major European publications.
Manchester City star Raheem Sterling won the prize last year and the last Manchester United player to win the award was Anderson in 2008.
0Read and react
Question:
Which French footballer, currently at Manchester United, won the Golden Boy Award, for the best Under 21 player in Europe in 2015?
Answer:
Anthony Martial
Passage:
French Kissin (song)
"French Kissin" (also known as "French Kissin in the USA") is a song recorded by the American singer Debbie Harry. Released in 1986, it was the first single to be taken from her album Rockbird. The song was written by Chuck Lorre, who would later create his hit sitcoms Dharma & Greg, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.

Song information

The song was released as the album's lead single in November 1986, and became a moderate radio hit in the US, peaking at #57 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was also Harry's biggest success in the UK, where it reached #8 (her only solo Top 10 single there to date).

For promotion, Harry did a live performance of "French Kissin" and "In Love with Love" on Saturday Night Live, as well as a handful of television interviews in the UK and U.S. in late 1986. A music video (with a cameo by actress Katey Sagal) was also made and subsequently played on music video channels. Besides the regular formats 7" and 12" the single was also released as a limited edition 12" picture disc in the UK.

Harry also recorded a French-language version of the track which was released as the B-side of other Rockbird singles and was also included on the 1988 Blondie/Debbie Harry remix compilation Once More into the Bleach.

A cover of the song by Carol Chapman was also featured in the 1987 film Can't Buy Me Love and the 1989 film Troop Beverly Hills.

Track listing 

US 7", UK 7" & UK Poster Sleeve 7"
#"French Kissin" (7" Edit) (Chuck Lorre ) - 4:09
#"Rockbird" (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein) - 3:09
US 12", UK 12" & UK 12" Picture Disc
#"French Kissin" (Dance Mix) (Chuck Lorre) - 7:25
#"French Kissin" (Dub Version) (Chuck Lorre) - 8:02
#"Rockbird" (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein) - 3:09

Chart positions
Question:
Which female singer had a top ten hit in 1986 with French Kissing In The USA
Answer:
Deborah Harry
Passage:
Calcium oxide
Calcium oxide (CaO), commonly known as quicklime or burnt lime, is a widely used chemical compound. It is a white, caustic, alkaline, crystalline solid at room temperature. The broadly used term "lime" connotes calcium-containing inorganic materials, in which carbonates, oxides and hydroxides of calcium, silicon, magnesium, aluminium, and iron predominate. By contrast, "quicklime"  specifically applies to the single chemical compound calcium oxide. Calcium oxide which survives processing without reacting in building products such as cement is called free lime. 

Quicklime is relatively inexpensive. Both it and a chemical derivative (calcium hydroxide, of which quicklime is the base anhydride) are important commodity chemicals.

Preparation

Calcium oxide is usually made by the thermal decomposition of materials, such as limestone or seashells, that contain calcium carbonate (CaCO3; mineral calcite) in a lime kiln. This is accomplished by heating the material to above 825 C,  a process called calcination or lime-burning, to liberate a molecule of carbon dioxide (CO2), leaving quicklime. 
CaCO3(s) → CaO(s) + CO2(g)
The quicklime is not stable and, when cooled, will spontaneously react with CO2 from the air until, after enough time, it will be completely converted back to calcium carbonate unless slaked with water to set as lime plaster or lime mortar.

Annual worldwide production of quicklime is around 283 million tonnes. China is by far the world's largest producer, with a total of around 170 million tonnes per year. The United States is the next largest, with around 20 million tonnes per year. 

Approximately 1.8 t of limestone is required per 1.0 t of quicklime. Quicklime has a high affinity for water and is a more efficient desiccant than silica gel. The reaction of quicklime with water is associated with an increase in volume by a factor of at least 2.5. 

Usage

* The major use of quicklime is in the Basic oxygen steelmaking (BOS) process. Its usage varies from about 30–50 kg/t of steel. The quicklime neutralizes the acidic oxides, SiO₂, Al₂O₃, and Fe₂O₃, to produce a basic molten slag.
* Ground quicklime is used in the production of aerated concrete blocks, with densities of ca. 0.6–1.0 g/cm³.
* Quicklime and hydrated lime can considerably increase the load carrying capacity of clay-containing soils. They do this by reacting with finely divided silica and alumina to produce calcium silicates and aluminates, which possess cementing properties.
* Small quantities of quicklime are used in other processes, e.g., the production of glass, calcium aluminate cement, and organic chemicals.
* Heat: Quicklime releases Thermal energy by the formation of the hydrate, calcium hydroxide, by the following equation: 
:CaO (s) + H2O (l)  Ca(OH)2 (aq) (ΔHr = −63.7 kJ/mol of CaO)
As it hydrates, an exothermic reaction results and the solid puffs up. The hydrate can be reconverted to quicklime by removing the water by heating it to redness to reverse the hydration reaction. One litre of water combines with approximately  of quicklime to give calcium hydroxide plus 3.54 MJ of energy. This process can be used to provide a convenient portable source of heat, as for on-the-spot food warming in a self-heating can.
* Light: When quicklime is heated to 2400 C, it emits an intense glow. This form of illumination is known as a limelight, and was used broadly in theatrical productions prior to the invention of electric lighting. 
* Cement: Calcium oxide is a key ingredient for the process of making cement.
* As a cheap and widely available alkali. About 50% of the total quicklime production is converted to calcium hydroxide before use. Both quick- and hydrated lime are used in the treatment of drinking water.
* Petroleum industry: Water detection pastes contain a mix of calcium oxide and phenolphthalein. Should this paste come into contact with water in a fuel storage tank, the CaO reacts with the water to form calcium hydroxide. Calcium hydroxide has a high enough pH to turn the phenolphthalein a vivid purplish-pink color, thus indicating the presence of water.
* Paper: Calcium oxide is used to regenerate sodium hydroxide from sodium carbonate in the chemical recovery at Kraft pulp mills.
* Plaster: There is archeological evidence that Pre-Pottery Neolithic B humans used limestone-based plaster for flooring and other uses.    Such Lime-ash floor remained in use until the late nineteenth century.
* Chemical or power production: Solid sprays or slurries of calcium oxide can be used to remove sulfur dioxide from exhaust streams in a process called flue-gas desulfurization.

As a weapon

In 80 BC, the Roman general Sertorius deployed choking clouds of caustic lime powder to defeat the Characitani of Hispania, who had taken refuge in inaccessible caves. A similar dust was used in China to quell an armed peasant revolt in 178 CE, when "lime chariots" equipped with bellows blew limestone powder into the crowds. 

David Hume, in his History of England, recounts that early in the reign of Henry III, the English Navy destroyed an invading French fleet by blinding the enemy fleet with quicklime. 

Quicklime is also thought to have been a component of Greek fire. Upon contact with water, quicklime would increase its temperature above 150 °C and ignite the fuel. 

Safety 

Because of vigorous reaction of quicklime with water, quicklime causes severe irritation when inhaled or placed in contact with moist skin or eyes. Inhalation may cause coughing, sneezing, labored breathing. It may then evolve into burns with perforation of the nasal septum, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. Although quicklime is not considered a fire hazard, its reaction with water can release enough heat to ignite combustible materials.
Question:
What is the chemical compound Calcium Oxide commonly known as?
Answer:
Quicklime (or burnt lime)
Passage:
1000+ images about HMS VANGUARD on Pinterest | Battleship ...
1000+ images about HMS VANGUARD on Pinterest | King george, Portsmouth and To the
HMS Vanguard, Britain's last battleship, launched in 1944 and broken up for scrap in 1960.
See More
Question:
What was the name of Britain's last battleship, broken up in 1960?
Answer:
HMS VANGUARD
Passage:
Elberta, Michigan
Elberta is a village in Benzie County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 372 at the 2010 census. The village located in the east of Gilmore Township, on the south side of Lake Betsie, which is formed by the Betsie River before flowing into Lake Michigan. The village is on M-22 just south of Frankfort. M-168, previously one of the shortest state highways in Michigan, extended  from a junction with M-22 in downtown Elberta to the former Ann Arbor Railroad ferry docks in Elberta.

Elberta was first settled in 1855 and incorporated as South Frankfort in 1894. It was renamed Elberta in 1911 for the local Elberta peach.  The village's founder is said to be George M. Cartwright. 

Geography

*According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of , of which  is land and  is water. The downtown is at .
*Elberta is part of Northern Michigan.

Demographics

2010 census

As of the census of 2010, there were 372 people, 173 households, and 101 families residing in the village. The population density was . There were 229 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the village was 95.2% White, 0.8% African American, 0.8% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.8% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.5% of the population.

There were 173 households of which 22.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were married couples living together, 8.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.6% were non-families. 34.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 2.71.

The median age in the village was 47.8 years. 18.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 33.1% were from 45 to 64; and 21.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 51.9% male and 48.1% female.

2000 census

As of the census of 2000, there were 457 people, 190 households, and 124 families residing in the village.  The population density was 612.9 per square mile (235.3/km²).  There were 237 housing units at an average density of 317.8 per square mile (122.0/km²).  The racial makeup of the village was 95.62% White, 0.66% African American, 1.31% Native American, 0.22% from other races, and 2.19% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.88% of the population.

There were 190 households out of which 31.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 15.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.90.

In the village the population was spread out with 29.3% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 28.7% from 25 to 44, 20.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.1% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 96.1 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.

The median income for a household in the village was $28,403, and the median income for a family was $31,250. Males had a median income of $27,159 versus $21,806 for females. The per capita income for the village was $13,594.  About 9.0% of families and 10.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.6% of those under age 18 and 6.7% of those age 65 or over.

Notes
Question:
Babcock, Elberta and Rubidoux are all varieties of which fruit?
Answer:
Peacherine
Passage:
Françoise d'Aubigné Maintenon, marquise de - Infoplease
Maintenon, Françoise d'Aubigné, marquise de
Encyclopedia  >  History  >  Biographies  >  French History: Biographies
Françoise d'Aubigné Maintenon,  marquise de
Maintenon, Françoise d'Aubigné, marquise de (fräNswäzˈ dōbēnyāˈ märkēzˈ də măNtənôNˈ) [ key ], 1635–1719, second wife of the French king Louis XIV . Her grandfather was Théodore Agrippa d' Aubigné , the Huguenot hero. He disinherited his disreputable son, Constant d'Aubigné, a criminal and Mme de Maintenon's father. Her mother was Jeanne de Cardilhac, the daughter of d'Aubigné's jailer. After a royal pardon (1643), the family spent some years in Martinique, but upon her father's death she and her poverty-stricken mother returned to France. Although baptized a Roman Catholic, the child was educated by a Protestant aunt. Later cared for by Catholic relatives, she became a very devout Catholic. At 16 she married the poet Paul Scarron and, released from a life of poverty and social disgrace, became a figure in the literary and intellectual world of Paris.
After Scarron's death in 1660 the queen mother continued the poet's pension to his widow. Later Mme de Maintenon became a close friend of the king's favorite mistress, Mme de Montespan , who obtained a pension for her. Noted for her discretion, she became (1669) the governess for the children of Mme de Montespan and the king, and gradually she supplanted Mme de Montespan in the esteem and affections of Louis XIV, who made her a marquise. Mme de Maintenon became the king's confidante, exercising considerable influence over Louis and greatly lifting the moral tone of the notoriously dissolute court, although the ascription to her of Louis's mistakes (particularly the revocation of the Edict of Nantes) is an exaggeration. The queen, Marie Thérèse, was devoted to her and died in her arms. In 1684 she was morganatically married to the king. In her later years Mme de Maintenon gave much of her attention to the famous school of Saint-Cyr, which she had founded for the daughters of poor but noble families. She also wrote remarkable essays and letters dealing with education.
See biographies by C. C. Dyson (1910), C. Haldane (1970), and V. Buckley (2009).
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, 6th ed. Copyright © 2012, Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.
Question:
Francoise de Maintenon was the second wife of which French king?
Answer:
Louis Xiv
Passage:
The Wheel Spins
The Wheel Spins (a.k.a The Lady Vanishes) is a 1936 Mystery novel by British writer Ethel Lina White. 

Plot 
 
British tourist Iris Henderson is on her way back from touring Europe to marry a "blue-blooded cheque chaser". She befriends fellow traveller "Miss Froy" after she is involved in an accident at the railway station. After falling asleep on the train, Iris is horrified to find her new friend has disappeared and all her fellow passengers deny her existence. 

Publishing 

The novel was originally published in 1936 and is one of the few novels by White which are still in print today. It is available to read on Project Gutenberg Australia. 

Adaptations 

The book has been adapted for the screen several times. It has also been made into an audiobook.
;Films
* The Lady Vanishes (1938 film), directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Margaret Lockwood
* The Lady Vanishes (1979 film), starring Cybill Shepherd
* The Lady Vanishes (2013 film), starring Tuppence Middleton
Question:
The Wheel Spins Ethel Lina White basis for what Hitchcock film?
Answer:
Lady Vanishes
Passage:
Largest City in Africa - Infoplease
Largest City in Africa
 
The Question:
What is the most populous capital city in Africa? What African         capital city has the largest land area?
The Answer:
Cairo , the capital of Egypt , is the         African capital with the largest population, about 7.9 million. When         the surrounding metropolitan area is included, Cairo has a population         of 14.8 million, making it the among the 20 largest cities in the         world. Other large African capital cities include:
While it is not the capital, the urban area based around Lagos, Nigeria has a         population of 11.4 million.
In land area, Cairo (104 square miles) and Lagos (56 square         miles) are generally considered the largest in Africa. It is often         difficult to estimate the size of African cities because recent urban         sprawl has spilled into the surrounding countryside.
Question:
Which African city has the largest population?
Answer:
Lagos city
Passage:
Talking about your family - english-at-home.com
Talking about your family | english-at-home.com
Talking about your family
English Vocabulary for talking about your family.
Your family tree
Your closest relatives are your parents: your mother and father; and your siblings (brothers or sisters). If your mother or father is not an only child, you also have aunts and / or uncles. An aunt is the sister of your mother or father, while an uncle is the brother of your mother or father. Your female child is called your daughter, and your male child is your son.
If your aunts or uncles have children, they are your first cousins. (In English, the word cousin is used, whether the cousin is female or male.) Your female cousin is your mother (or father's) niece, while a male cousin is the nephew of your mother and father.
In-laws
When you marry, your husband (or wife's) family become your in-laws. The mother of your spouse (husband or wife) is your mother-in-law and his or her father becomes your father-in-law. The term in-law is also used to describe your relationship with the spouses of your siblings. So the husband of your sister becomes your brother-in-law, while the sister of your husband becomes your sister-in-law. If you are a woman, you become the daughter-in-law of your husband's parents, and if you are a man, you become the son-in-law of your wife's parents. The same term in-law is used for all generations. The husband of your aunt is still your mother's brother-in-law, for example.
Grandparents / grandchildren
The parents of your parents are your grandparents – grandmother and grandfather. You are their grandchildren – either a granddaughter or a grandson. If your grandparent has a sister, she is your great-aunt. If your grandparent has a brother, he is your great-uncle. (And you are either his or her great-niece or great-nephew.)
The mother of your grandmother or grandfather is your great-grandmother. The father is your great-grandfather. If you go back another generation, the grandmother of your grandmother / grandfather is your great-great-grandmother. The grandfather of your grandparent becomes your great-great-grandfather.
Second families
If your mother or father remarries, you can acquire a new family and set of relatives. For example, if your father marries a second wife, she becomes your step-mother. Any children she already has become your step-sisters or step-brothers.
If your mother or father remarries and has children, they become your half-brothers or half-sisters.
You might also hear people talking about their biological brother / sister etc, to mean a brother who is related by blood, rather than by marriage.
Types of family
nuclear family = mother, father and children: "The traditional British family unit is a nuclear family."
single-parent / one-parent family = a family which only has one parent (because the parents are divorced, or because one of the parents has died): "There are more and more single-parent families in the UK."
immediate family = your closest relatives: "Only immediate family members attended the funeral."
extended family = your entire family: "The wedding invitations were sent to the entire extended family."
close-knit family = a family where the members have close relationships with each other: "They are a close-knit family."
dysfunctional family = a family where the members have serious problems with each other: "He comes from a rather dysfunctional family."
blood relative = a relative connected to you by "blood" rather than through marriage: "She's not a blood relative, but we're still very close."
Expressions with family
family gathering = a meeting / celebration of family members: "There's a small family gathering next week."
family resemblance = where members of the family look / act similar: "You can see a distinct family resemblance between the father and the son."
to start a family = to start having children: "They want to wait a couple of years before starting a family."
to run in the family = a characteristic that is common among family members: "Baldness runs in his family."
to bring up / raise a family = to have and look after children: "It's difficult to raise a family on one income."
a family car = a car big enough to transport a family: "The Volvo Estate is a popular family car."
family-size = large quantity item: "We need to buy family-size packets of biscuits!"
family-friendly = a policy that favours families: "This hotel is family-friendly."
family doctor = a doctor who looks after general medical needs: "There are a number of good family doctors in this area."
family man = a man who prefers to spend his time with his family: "John is a family man."
family values = traditional ideas about what a family should be: "Some political parties often emphasise family values and the importance of marriage."
family name = surname: "What's your family name?"
Describing family relationships
Children often quarrel with each other, and these arguments – or squabbles – are often quickly resolved. In fact, sibling rivalry (the competition between brothers and sisters) is quite common.
More seriously, if arguments continue into adulthood, family feuds can develop where both sides can end up hating each other and even trying to hurt or destroy each other.
A person who no longer speaks to a family member is estranged from his / her family. Often estrangement is voluntary. However, if parents decide they no longer want anything to do with their children, they cut them off (= break off communiation), or even disinherit them. (Decide not to leave them anything when they die.)
Most people feel loyalty to their family, and will defend family members saying "He / She's family". There's also a saying "Blood's thicker than water" which means that your family ties are stronger than any other relationships.
Question:
What is the closest relation that your father's sister's sister in law can be to you?
Answer:
Mother hoods
Passage:
The Village Blacksmith
"The Village Blacksmith" is a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, first published in 1840. The poem describes a local blacksmith and his daily life. The blacksmith serves as a role model who balances his job with the role he plays with his family and community. Years after its publication, a tree mentioned in the poem was cut down and part of it was made into an armchair which was then presented to Longfellow by local schoolchildren.

Synopsis

The poem is about a local blacksmith. Noted as being strong, he works by the sweat of his brow and does not owe anyone anything. Children coming home from school stop to stare at him as he works, impressed by the roaring bellows and burning sparks. On Sundays, the blacksmith, a single father after the death of his wife, takes his children to church, where his daughter sings in the choir. He goes through his life following the daily tasks assigned to him and has earned his sleep at night. The narrator concludes by thanking the blacksmith for the lessons he can teach.

Origins

Longfellow said the poem was a tribute to his ancestor Stephen Longfellow, who had been a blacksmith, a schoolmaster, then a town clerk.  In 1745, this ancestor was the first Longfellow to make his way to Portland, Maine, the town where the poet would be born.  Longfellow wrote to his father on October 25, 1840: "There will be a kind of Ballad on a Blacksmith in the next Knickerbocker, which you may consider, if you please, as a song in praise of your ancestors at Newbury." 

The actual village blacksmith in the poem, however, was a Cambridge resident named Dexter Pratt, a neighbor of Longfellow's. Pratt's house is still standing at 54 Brattle Street in Cambridge.  Several other blacksmiths have been posited as inspirations for the character in the poem, including "The Learned Blacksmith" Elihu Burritt, who Longfellow once offered a scholarship to attend Harvard College. 

Publication and response

"The Village Blacksmith" was first published in the November 1840 issue of The Knickerbocker.  It was soon after printed as part of Longfellow's poetry collection Ballads and Other Poems in 1841.  The collection, which also included "The Wreck of the Hesperus", was instantly popular.  In 1879, years after the publication of "The Village Blacksmith", the local schoolchildren in Cambridge, Massachusetts presented Longfellow with an armchair made from "the spreading chestnut tree" in the poem which was recently cut down.  Under the cushion of the chair is a brass plate on which is inscribed, in part: "This chair made from the wood of the spreading chestnut-tree is presented as an expression of his grateful regard and veneration by the children of Cambridge".  From then on, Longfellow made it a rule to allow schoolchildren to be admitted into his study to see the chair.  He also composed a poem to commemorate his gift called "From my Arm-Chair". The site on Brattle Street in Cambridge where the tree once stood is now designated with a stone marker. 

Analysis

The title character of "The Village Blacksmith" is presented as an "everyman" and a role model: he balances his commitments to work, the community, and his family.  The character is presented as an iconic tradesman who is embedded in the history of the town and its defining institutions because he is a longtime resident with deeply rooted strength, as symbolized by the "spreading chestnut tree".  Longfellow uses the poem to glorify and celebrate a humble, plain person, much as John Greenleaf Whittier does in his poem "The Barefoot Boy".  Further, Simon Bronner notes that, like Nathaniel Hawthorne's woodcarver character in "Drowne's Wooden Image", Longfellow is praising the craftsman in a time of industrialization. 

Adaptations and influences

The poem, along with several others by Longfellow, was translated into Spanish by Colombian poet Rafael Pombo.  In several interviews, baseball player and manager Billy Southworth noted that his father recited the poem to him as a child, that he himself memorized it, and that it inspired him as an adult.  

In 1926, a comical song called "The Village Blacksmith Owns the Village Now" was published with words by Leslie Moore and music by Johnny Tucker.  The lyrics detailed how the blacksmith grew rich with the rise of the automobile by converting his shop into a service station. The song was recorded by popular U.S. comedians and bandleaders of the era including the Happiness Boys and Harry Reser. 

In 1938, songwriters Tommie Connor, Jimmy Kennedy, and Hamilton Kennedy created a comical song and dance routine inspired by the poem; Glenn Miller's recording of the song was featured in the 1990 film Memphis Belle.
Question:
Who wrote the poem ‘The Village Blacksmith’, in 1840?
Answer:
Henry Wadsworth
Passage:
John Chilton
John James Chilton (16 July 1932 – 25 February 2016) was a British jazz trumpeter and writer. During the 1960s, he also worked with pop bands, including The Swinging Blue Jeans and The Escorts.

Biography

Chilton was born in London to working-class parents (his father was a musical hall comedian) and was evacuated to Northamptonshire, where he began playing the cornet at the age of 12. He switched to trumpet at 17 and after doing national service in the RAF (1950–1952) he formed his own jazz band, playing at Butlins in Skegness with a troupe that included comedian Dave Allen.

He worked in Bruce Turner's Jump Band  from 1958-1963. A movie of their exploits called Living Jazz (1961) was made by director Jack Gold. Chilton later appeared in Alex Welsh's Big Band. He played piano on some pop recordings in the 1960s while also working for Mike Daniels' Big Band. In the late 1960s, he formed his own Swing Kings band which backed some leading American jazz musicians who toured Britain, including Buck Clayton, Ben Webster, Bill Coleman and Charlie Shavers. He also recorded The Song of a Road, one of the radio ballads of folk singers Ewan MacColl and Peggy Seeger in the 1950s for the BBC.

He later worked with Wally Fawkes, also known as the cartoonist 'Trog',  and in January 1974 formed John Chilton's Feetwarmers, who began accompanying British jazz singer and writer George Melly.  Together they made records and toured the world for nearly 30 years including trips to America, Australia, China and New Zealand. In 1983 and 1984 they had their own BBC television series called Good Time George. They appeared on countless other TV shows, including Parkinson, The Wheeltappers and Shunters Social Club, Aspel, This is Your Life and Pebble Mill at One.

Chilton was also a songwriter and composer and one of his songs, "Give Her A Little Drop More", was used in the film St Elmo's Fire (1985), sung by the Hollywood Brat Pack including Demi Moore and Rob Lowe.

Chilton is one of the few European writers to win a Grammy Award for his album notes on Bunny Berigan (1983) and was runner-up for a further Grammy award in 2000. In the same year he won the British Jazz Award for 'Writer of the Year'. His Who's Who of Jazz was described by the poet Philip Larkin as "one of the essential jazz books". His books on Coleman Hawkins and Louis Jordan both won Chilton the American Association for Recorded Sound Collections' Award for Historical Recorded Sound Research. Jazz magazine Down Beat called him "a master of the craft of research". The Jazz Rag described Chilton as "one of the world's top jazz writers". For his books on Sidney Bechet and Louis Armstrong, he was given the freedom of New Orleans.

In March 2007, Northway Books published his autobiography, Hot Jazz, Warm Feet. John Chilton continued to play trumpet with the clarinetist Wally Fawkes in London until he died in 2016. Chilton is survived by three children and lived in London.

Bibliography

*Louis: The Louis Armstrong Story (with Max Jones)
*Ride Red Ride - the Life of Henry 'Red' Allen
*Roy Eldridge, Little Jazz Giant 
*McKinney's Music - A bio-discography of McKinney's Cotton Pickers
*A Jazz Nursery - The Story of Jenkins' Orphanage Band
*Teach Yourself Jazz
*Stomp Off, Let's Go: The Story of Bob Crosby's Bob Cats
*Who's Who of Jazz
*Let the Good Times Roll: The Story of Louis Jordan
*Billie's Blues - A survey of Billie Holiday's Career
*The Song of the Hawk - The Life and Recordings of Coleman Hawkins
*Sidney Bechet - the Wizard of Jazz
*Who's Who of British Jazz

Autobiography

*

Discography

*Nuts (1972)
*Son of Nuts (1973)
*It's George (1974)
*Making Whoopee (1982)
*Best of Live (1995)
*Anything Goes (1996)
*Goodtime George
*The Ultimate Melly, including guest Van Morrison (2006)
Question:
Which jazz singer was accompanied for nearly 30 years by John Chilton's Feetwarmers?
Answer:
George Melly
Passage:
Niklas Zennström
Niklas Zennström (born 16 February 1966) is a Swedish entrepreneur best known for founding several high-profile online ventures with Janus Friis including Skype and Kazaa. More recently he founded the technology  investment firm Atomico and has become a significant figurehead for entrepreneurs in the tech sector. Zennström is also the co-founder of the charity organization Zennström Philanthropies.

Education

Zennström has dual degrees in Business Administration (BSc) and Engineering Physics (MSc) from Uppsala University in Sweden. He spent his final year at University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA.

Career

Zennström started his professional career in 1991 at the European telecom operator Tele2. He went on to serve in various business development roles including launching and being responsible for European Internet Service Provider business get2net and as CEO of the everyday.com portal.

In 2000 Zennström and Janus Friis co-founded Kazaa, the peer-to-peer file sharing application. Niklas served as CEO and the program became the world's most downloaded Internet software in 2003. After lawsuits were filed by members of the music and motion picture industry in the USA, Kazaa was sold to Sharman Networks.

Zennström then founded and served as CEO at Joltid, a software company developing and marketing peer-to-peer solutions and traffic optimization technologies. Zennström also co-founded Altnet, the world's first secure peer-to-peer network promoting commercial content to consumers integrating promotion, distribution, and payment of digital content.

Zennström's most notable success to date is Skype, a telephony company based on peer-to-peer principles. On 14 October 2005 Skype was acquired by eBay for €2.1 billion ($2.6 billion) plus the potential to earn further performance-based bonuses up to €1.2bn. Zennström was CEO from Skype's inception until September 2007. During that time, Skype became the global leader in Internet voice communications with more than 309m registered users within five years of launch.

After the sale of Skype, Zennström went on in 2007 to launch Joost, an online video distribution service (where Zennström was co-chairman).

In 2009 Zennström was part of the investment consortium that bought Skype Technologies from eBay and re-joined the Skype board. Currently, Zennström runs Atomico. Based in London, the firm primarily invests in fast growing tech companies with the ability to transform their respective industries. Through Atomico they have invested in over 50 companies on four continents, including Supercell, Rovio, Last.fm, FON, Rdio, Fab, Klarna and Skype.

On 10 May 2011 Skype was purchased by Microsoft for $8.5 billion in its biggest ever cash deal. It is reported that Zennström and Friis will make approximately $1bn between them from the sale.

On 27 November 2014 Zennström was inducted into SUP46's Swedish Startup Hall of Fame. 

Atomico

Atomico is an international investment firm focused on the technology sector. The firm looks to invest in fast-growing technology companies that have innovative business models or are new enabling technologies. Headquartered in London with offices in Beijing, São Paulo, Tokyo and Istanbul, it has so far invested in more than 50 companies on four continents. Some of the team’s current and previous investments include category leaders such as Supercell, Rovio, Jawbone, FON, Fab, Klarna and Skype.

Philanthropy

Together with his wife Catherine, he founded Zennström Philanthropies to direct their charitable giving in the fields of climate change, human rights and social entrepreneurship. Niklas is specifically engaged in combating climate change and improving the state of the Baltic Sea. 

Green Mentorship Award is an award created by Zennström Philanthropies to shine spotlight on the work being done by entrepreneurs in Sweden to tackle climate change and create a low carbon future. The winner receives personal mentoring from Niklas Zennström for one year. 

Personal interests

Zennström is a keen yachtsman and he has built and raced yachts in the TP 52 and the 72ft mini-maxi construction classes for inshore and offshore racing with consistently good results. His highly successful Rán II (Judel/Vrolijk 72ft design, 2009) won the Fastnet Race consecutively in 2009 and 2011. She also won in her class in the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race in 2009, and tried again in 2010. She won the 72ft Mini Maxi World Championship in 2010, 2011 and 2013. Zennström's smaller Rán IV (Judel/Vrolijk 52ft design, 2011) won the 2013 TP52 World Championships and also competes regularly in the 52 Super Series on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Both boats were replaced by Rán V (JV72, 2014) and Rán VI (JV52, 2015) to compete in the same circuits.

Honors and awards

Zennström was recognized by Time Magazine as one of its 100 Most Influential People in 2006, and has received numerous other awards for innovation and entrepreneurship.

In 2006, he was voted Entrepreneur of the Year in the European Business Leaders Awards (EBLA). 

In October 2009, the [http://www.kth.se/en KTH Royal Institute of Technology], Sweden, [http://www.kth.se/en/om/fakta/fame/kths-stora-pris/2009-ars-pristagare-niklas-zennstrom-1.45727 awarded Zennström the KTH Great Prize] "for his outstanding entrepreneurial and technological skills". 

In September  2011, Zennström received a Lifetime Achievement Award from Oxford University's Oxford Internet Institute. 

In February 2013 Niklas Zennström was awarded H. M. The King's Medal of 12th size with a bright blue ribbon for significant contributions to Swedish industry and society. 

In October 2013, the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences, IVA, awarded Zennström the Gold Medal for his “highly successful entrepreneurial achievements, creative innovation, high technical competence and outstanding leadership”. 

Interviews

* The Sunday Times (27 November 2005) [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2095-1892317,00.html]
* Business Week (19 September 2005) [http://www.businessweek.com/technology/content/sep2005/tc20050919_2468.htm?campaign_id=rss_tech]
* The Guardian (14 July 2005) [http://technology.guardian.co.uk/online/story/0,3605,1527528,00.html]
* PCTechTalk (10 July 2005) [http://www.pctechtalk.com/?mshow&id
4340]
* BusinessWeek Online (30 May 2005) [http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/05_22/b3935421.htm ]
* IDG News Service (16 March 2005) [http://www.cio.co.nz/cio.nsf/PrintDoc/4B5CC300A19586B3CC256FC500776829?OpenDocument]
* PC Pro (11 March 2005) [http://www.pcpro.co.uk/news/70243/]
* TMCnet (2 March 2005) [http://voip-blog.tmcnet.com/blog/rich-tehrani/voip/skype-interview.html]
* Engadget (8 November 2004) [http://www.engadget.com/2004/11/08/the-engadget-interview-niklas-zennstrom/]
* Pocket PC Thoughts (3 September 2004) [http://www.pocketpcthoughts.com/articles.php?action=expand,31470]
Question:
Niklas Zennstrom was a co-founder which internet company?
Answer:
Microsoft Skype
