Passage:
Menlo Park, New Jersey
Menlo Park is an unincorporated community located within Edison Township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. 

In 1876, Thomas Edison set up his home and research laboratory in Menlo Park, which at the time was the site of an unsuccessful real estate development named after the town of Menlo Park, California.  While there, he earned the nickname "the Wizard of Menlo Park".Walsh, Bryan. [http://www.time.com/time/specials/packages/article/0,28804,1910417_1910419_1910460,00.html "The Electrifying Edison"]. Web: Time 5 Jul 2010. It was in his Menlo Park laboratory that Thomas Edison invented both the phonograph and a commercially viable incandescent light bulb filament. Christie Street in Menlo Park was the first street in the world to use electric lights for illumination.  The Menlo Park lab has been called one of the greatest laboratories ever.  Edison left Menlo Park and moved his home and laboratory to West Orange in 1887.  After his death, the Thomas Alva Edison Memorial Tower and Museum was constructed near his old Menlo Park lab and dedicated in 1938. Edison's old lab site and memorial now make up Edison State Park.
Question:
What inventor was nicknamed The Wizard of Menlo Park?
Answer:
Wizard of Menlo Park
Passage:
Edgar Allan Poe gets funeral 160 years after his death ...
Edgar Allan Poe gets funeral 160 years after his death | Latest News & Updates at Daily News & Analysis
Edgar Allan Poe gets funeral 160 years after his death
Shares0
Mon, 12 Oct 2009-11:23am , Baltimore , Reuters
American writer Edgar Allan Poe, the master of the macabre who died penniless 160 years ago after a mysterious death, finally got proper send off in Baltimore on Sunday.
American writer Edgar Allan Poe, the master of the macabre who died penniless 160 years ago after a mysterious death, finally got proper send off in Baltimore on Sunday.
An elaborate funeral service was organised for Poe whose original funeral was attended by only seven people.
The cause of his death remains unknown although some theories suggest it was alcohol-related. The author of works like The Raven and the The Black Cat was found in a confused state on the streets of Baltimore in October 1849 and died in a city hospital a few days later at the age of 40.
A life-size replica of Poe's body went on display in a pine casket at the Poe House in Baltimore on October 7 for visitors to pay their respects, according to Jeff Jerome, curator of the Poe Museum.
"This actually is the bicentennial of Poe's birth and there was very little we could do with the birth so we thought we would recreate Poe's funeral since his original funeral was very quick. There were only seven people in attendance," Jerome told Reuters Television.
"I thought this would be Baltimore's chance to make it right, to do it the right way."
The casket was loaded onto an old fashioned hearse and taken through the city to Westminster Burying Ground where the writer is buried.
Many Poe fans gathered to bid a proper farewell to the writer whose life had been a struggle as he made very little money from his writing.
Many dressed in period costumes to join the funeral procession, some dressed as famous people who had either known Poe or had been inspired by him, such as Walt Whitman, Charles Baudelaire, and Alfred Hitchcock.
"Personally Edgar Allan Poe has meant so much to me as far as his creativity and originality so it is great to be here. It's a privilege to be here and honour him," said one Poe fan, Roger Bow, who had come from New York for the event.
TOP
Question:
Which author's funeral took place in Baltimore US, 160 years after his death?
Answer:
Edgar alen poe
Passage:
Classic BBC Radio Theme ~ Music While You Work - YouTube
Classic BBC Radio Theme ~ Music While You Work - YouTube
Classic BBC Radio Theme ~ Music While You Work
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on Aug 29, 2009
This is Calling All Workers composed by Eric Coates and performed by Eric Coates and his Symphony Orchestra, this tune is the well known theme to the long running BBC radio programme Music while you work.
Music While You Work was a daytime music programme broadcast twice daily in the United Kingdom on the BBC General Forces Programme. It began broadcasting in June 1940 during World War II, with the intention of helping the war effort. It was perceived that the productivity of manual labour could be raised by offering a non-stop medley of popular music played at an even tempo, to accompany the working day in factories. For a certain period, a recorded version was rebroadcast in the late evening, to entertain night-shift workers. After the war, the broadcasts continued on the newly-formed BBC Light Programme.
Music While You Work was discontinued in 1967 when most Light Programme offerings were transitioned to BBC Radio 2. However, it was revived in the 1980s; initially for one week to mark the BBC's 60th anniversary in October 1982 and then as a regular part of the Radio 2 schedules from January 1983 to January 1984
Category
Question:
Which radio programme used 'Calling All Workers' as its theme tune?
Answer:
Music While You Work
Passage:
Phlebitis
Phlebitis or venitis is the inflammation of a vein, usually in the legs. It most commonly occurs in superficial veins. Phlebitis often occurs in conjunction with thrombosis and is then called "thrombophlebitis" or "superficial thrombophlebitis". Unlike deep vein thrombosis, the probability that superficial thrombophlebitis will cause a clot to break up and be transported in pieces to the lung is very low. 

Signs and symptoms

* Localized redness and swelling
* Pain or burning along the length of the vein 
* Vein being hard and cord-like 

Cause

Phlebitis is typically caused by local trauma to a vein, usually from the insertion of an intravenous catheter.  However, phlebitis can also occur due to a complication of connective tissue disorders such as lupus, or of pancreatic, breast, or ovarian cancers. Phlebitis can also result from certain medications and drugs that irritate the veins, such as desomorphine. 

Superficial phlebitis often presents as an early sign in thromboangiitis obliterans (Buerger's disease), a vasculitis that affects small and medium-sized arteries and veins in distal extremities often associated with cigarette smoking. 

Management

Treatment usually consists of NSAIDs, such as ibuprofen and local compression (e.g., by compression stockings or a compress).  If the phlebitis is associated with local bacterial infection, antibiotics may be used. 

For acute infusion superficial thrombophlebitis there is not enough evidence as of 2015 to determine treatment. 

History

Phlebitis was first described by John Hunter in 1784.
Question:
What specific part of the body is affected by phlebitis?
Answer:
Vein valves
Passage:
Greg LeMond - How Have Steroids Changed Cycling ... - YouTube
Greg LeMond - How Have Steroids Changed Cycling? - YouTube
Greg LeMond - How Have Steroids Changed Cycling?
Want to watch this again later?
Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
Need to report the video?
Sign in to report inappropriate content.
The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
Loading...
Rating is available when the video has been rented.
This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
Uploaded on Mar 17, 2008
Complete video at: http://fora.tv/2008/02/17/Ethics_Dopi...
Three-time Tour de France champion Greg LeMond discusses the effects of drug doping on professional cycling.
----
Ethics, Doping, and the Future of Cycling with cyclist Greg LeMond.
Greg LeMond has long been a critic of doping in cycling. During 2007, he played an unexpected role in the international arbitration hearing that eventually decided American cyclist Floyd Landis should forfeit his 2006 Tour de France title due to testing that found abnormally high levels of testosterone. LeMond testified that he had spoken with Landis after his "A" urine sample had tested positive, urging him that if his "B" sample was also positive, he should come clean, help his sport, and "more importantly, help himself." Before his testimony, LeMond had been threatened by Landis' manager.
The doping problem has been most public in the Tour de France - two stage winners of the 2007 Tour withdrew from the race amid doping allegations - but its influence is so pervasive that T-Mobile recently withdrew its sponsorship of a professional cycling team, stating that the company did not want to associate its brand with doping. - Santa Clara University
Greg LeMond is a former professional road bicycle racer from the United States and a three time winner of the Tour de France in 1986, 1989, and 1990.
Gwen Knapp is a staff writer for the sports section of the San Francisco Chronicle.
Category
Question:
With which sport would you associate Greg Le Mond?
Answer:
Cyclist
Passage:
Piculet
The piculets are a distinctive subfamily of small woodpeckers which occur mainly in tropical South America, with just three Asian and one African  species.

Like the true woodpeckers, piculets have large heads, long tongues which they use to extract their insect prey and zygodactyl feet, with two toes pointing forward, and two backwards. However, but they lack the stiff tail feathers that the true woodpeckers use when climbing trees, so they are more likely than their relatives to perch on a branch rather than an upright trunk.

Their bills are shorter and less dagger-like than  the true woodpeckers, so they look for insects and grubs mainly in decaying wood. Similarly, they re-use woodpecker holes for nesting, rather than making their own holes. The eggs are white, as with many hole nesters.

Typically these birds have grey or dull green upperparts and dark-streaked white underparts.

Systematics and evolution

Although not well known from fossils, the evolution of piculets is now considered rather straightforward. The disjunct occurrence of the genera, with one African species of the Southeast Asian Sasia and one Southeast Asian species of the American Picumnus is of comparatively recent origin. Molecular dating, calibrated with geographic events in the absence of a good fossil record, points at the Late Miocene, c. 8 MYA, as the point where the two genera divided into their two respective lineages. At that time, there was a notable global cooling period. The molecular distances between piculets and woodpeckers are comparatively small for subfamilies, agreeing with the hypothesis that the split between the three groups of woodpecker-like picids subfamilies occurred only during the Miocene climate optimum, around 15 MYA. The later radiation of South American piculets is probably due to changes in topology and climate fluctuations during the Pliocene and Pleistocene. The genus Verreauxia may be accepted because of pronounced morphological similarities, but the two Picumnus lineages, despite having diverged long ago, are virtually alike except for head coloration (Fuchs et al., 2006).

The Antillean piculet (Nesoctites micromegas) has proven to be a very distinct species evolutionarily between piculets and woodpeckers (Benz et al., 2006) and thus is nowadays placed in a subfamily of its own.

The arrangement of species in the genera follows del Hoyo et al. (2002).

Genus Picumnus
* Speckled piculet,  Picumnus innominatus (sometimes Vivia)
* Bar-breasted piculet,  Picumnus aurifrons
* Orinoco piculet,  Picumnus pumilus
* Lafresnaye's piculet,  Picumnus lafresnayi
* Golden-spangled piculet,  Picumnus exilis
* Black-spotted piculet,  Picumnus nigropunctatus
* Ecuadorian piculet,  Picumnus sclateri
* Scaled piculet,  Picumnus squamulatus
* White-bellied piculet,  Picumnus spilogaster
* Arrowhead piculet,  Picumnus minutissimus
* Spotted piculet,  Picumnus pygmaeus
* Speckle-chested piculet,  Picumnus steindachneri
* Varzea piculet,  Picumnus varzeae
* White-barred piculet,  Picumnus cirratus
* Ocellated piculet,  Picumnus dorbygnianus
* Ochre-collared piculet,  Picumnus temminckii
* White-wedged piculet,  Picumnus albosquamatus
* Rusty-necked piculet,  Picumnus fuscus
* Rufous-breasted piculet,  Picumnus rufiventris
* Tawny piculet,  Picumnus fulvescens
* Ochraceous piculet,  Picumnus limae
* Mottled piculet,  Picumnus nebulosus
* Plain-breasted piculet,  Picumnus castelnau
* Fine-barred piculet,  Picumnus subtilis
* Olivaceous piculet,  Picumnus olivaceus
* Greyish piculet,  Picumnus granadensis
* Chestnut piculet,  Picumnus cinnamomeus

Genus Verreauxia (sometimes included in Sasia)
* African piculet,  Verreauxia africana

Genus Sasia
* Rufous piculet,  Sasia abnormis
* White-browed piculet,  Sasia ochracea
Question:
A piculet is which type of creature?
Answer:
Avians
Passage:
Loch Ness
Loch Ness (; ,) is a large, deep, freshwater loch in the Scottish Highlands extending for approximately 37 km southwest of Inverness. Its surface is 52 ft above sea level. Loch Ness is best known for alleged sightings of the cryptozoological Loch Ness Monster, also known affectionately as "Nessie". It is connected at the southern end by the River Oich and a section of the Caledonian Canal to Loch Oich. At the northern end there is the Bona Narrows which opens out into Loch Dochfour, which feeds the River Ness and a further section of canal to Inverness. It is one of a series of interconnected, murky bodies of water in Scotland; its water visibility is exceptionally low due to a high peat content in the surrounding soil.

Loch Ness is the second largest Scottish loch by surface area at 56 sqkm after Loch Lomond, but due to its great depth, it is the largest by volume in the British Isles. Its deepest point is 755 ft,   making it the second deepest loch in Scotland after Loch Morar. A 2016 survey claimed to have discovered a crevice that pushed the depth to 889 ft but further research determined it to be a sonar anomaly.    It contains more fresh water than all the lakes in England and Wales combined, and is the largest body of water on the Great Glen Fault, which runs from Inverness in the north to Fort William in the south.

Villages and places

At Drumnadrochit is the "Loch Ness Centre and Exhibition"  which examines the natural history and legend of Loch Ness. Boat cruises operate from various locations on the loch shore, giving visitors the chance to look for the "monster".

Urquhart Castle is located on the western shore, 1 mi east of Drumnadrochit.

Lighthouses are located at Lochend (Bona Lighthouse) and Fort Augustus.

Monster

Loch Ness is thought by some to be the home of the Loch Ness Monster (also known as "Nessie"), a cryptid, reputedly a large unknown animal. It is similar to other supposed lake monsters in Scotland and elsewhere, though its description varies from one account to the next. Popular interest and belief in the animal's existence has varied since it was first brought to the world's attention in 1933. 

Fish species

The following fish species are native to Loch Ness. A number of others such as perch and roach have been introduced in the Loch or Caledonian Canal with various levels of success. 

Island 

The only island on Loch Ness is Cherry Island, visible at its southwestern end, near Fort Augustus. It is a crannog, which is a form of artificial island. Most crannogs were constructed during the Iron Age.

There was formerly a second island (Dog Island) which was submerged when the water level was raised during the construction of the Caledonian Canal.

Hydroelectricity

Loch Ness serves as the lower storage reservoir for the Foyers pumped-storage hydroelectric scheme, which was the first of its kind in the United Kingdom. The turbines were originally used to provide power for a nearby aluminium smelting plant, but now electricity is generated and supplied to the National Grid. Another scheme, the 100 MW Glendoe Hydro Scheme near Fort Augustus, began generation in June 2009 producing 76 gigawatt hours in its first months of operation, It was out of service between 2009 and 2012 for repair of the tunnels connecting the reservoir to the turbines 

Geology

Loch Ness lies along the Great Glen Fault, which forms a line of weakness in the rocks which has been excavated by glacial erosion, forming the Great Glen and the basins of Loch Lochy, Loch Oich and Loch Ness. 

Image gallery

Image:Wt9 schleuse3 augustus locks.jpg|Locks on Caledonian Canal in Fort Augustus, Loch Ness in the background
Image:Loch Ness 0406.JPG|Loch Ness looking south, taken in May 2006.
Image:Loch_Ness_Panorama.png|Sunrise over Loch Ness, taken at Urquhart Castle
Image:Loch_Ness_Panoramin_July_2008.JPG|Loch Ness panorama from a ship in 2008

Loch Ness records

John Cobb died in an attempt at the water speed record when his boat Crusader struck an unexplained wake on the surface of the loch in 1952. His accident was recorded by the BBC reporters on site at the time.  Nearby, there is a memorial to him erected by the people of Glenurquhart

On 31 August 1974, David Scott Munro, of Ross-shire Caberfeidh Water Ski Club, became the first person in the world to water ski (mono ski) the length of Loch Ness. From Lochend to Fort Augustus and back, he covered the 48 miles in 77 minutes at an average speed of 37 mph. 

Brenda Sherratt was the first person to swim  along the length of Loch Ness in Scotland in 31 hours and 27 minutes in July 1966.
Question:
Which canal joins Loch Ness to the Moray Firth
Answer:
Caledonian Canal Commissioners
Passage:
Pishon
The Pishon ( Pîšōn) is one of four rivers (along with Hiddekel (Tigris), Phrath (Euphrates) and Gihon) mentioned in the Biblical Book of Genesis. In that passage, these rivers are described as arising within the Garden of Eden. The Pishon is described as encircling "the entire land of Havilah." 

Identification 

Unlike the Tigris and the Euphrates, the Pishon has never been clearly located. It is briefly mentioned together with the Tigris in the Wisdom of Sirach (24:25), but this reference throws no more light on the location of the river. The Jewish-Roman historian Flavius Josephus, in the beginning of his Antiquities of the Jews (1st century AD) identified the Pishon with the Ganges.  The medieval French rabbi Rashi identified it with the Nile.

Some early modern scholars, including A.D. Calumet (1672–1757), Rosenmüller (1768–1835), and Kell (1807–1888), believed the source river [for Eden] was a region of springs: "The Pishon and Gihon were mountain streams.  The former may have been the Phasis or Araxes, and the latter the Oxus." 
James A. Sauer, former curator of the Harvard Semitic Museum, made an argument from geology and history that Pishon referred to what is now the Wadi Bisha, a dry channel which begins in the Hijaz Mountains near Medina to run northeast to Kuwait.  With the aid of satellite photos, Farouk El-Baz of Boston University traced the dry channel from Kuwait up the Wadi Al-Batin and the Wadi Al-Rummah system originating near Medina. 

David Rohl identified Pishon with the Uizhun, placing Havilah to the northeast of Mesopotamia. The Uizhun is known locally as the Golden River. Rising near Mt. Sahand, it meanders between ancient gold mines and lodes of lapis lazuli before feeding the Caspian Sea. Such natural resources correspond to the ones associated with the land of Havilah in Genesis.
Question:
According to the Old Testament, which place is the source of the river that divides into four other rivers - the Pishon, Gihon, Tigris and Euphrates?
Answer:
Eden (Bible)
Passage:
Blue Cross (animal charity)
Blue Cross is a registered animal welfare charity  in the United Kingdom, founded in 1897 as Our Dumb Friends League.  The charity provides support for pet owners who cannot afford private veterinary treatment, helps to find homes for unwanted animals, and educates the public in the responsibilities of animal ownership.

The charity works closely with a number of other organizations to promote animal welfare and responsible pet ownership.

History

The organisation was founded on 10 May 1897 in London as Our Dumb Friends League, to care for working horses on the streets of the British capital.  It opened its first animal hospital, in Victoria, London, on 15 May 1906.

In 1912, the league launched The Blue Cross Fund to care for horses during the Balkan War. On the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, it was quickly reopened again. By the armistice in 1918, the Blue Cross Fund had raised nearly £170,000 – the equivalent of almost £6.5 million today – to care for the animals of conflict. Over 50,000 horses were treated in Blue Cross hospitals in France, and the charity had sent vital veterinary supplies to 3,500 units of the British Army. 

Donations to the Fund enabled the charity to care for more than 350,000 animals during the Second World War, many of who were wounded during the Blitz. 
The name of the appeal fund became more widely known than the official charity title and the league officially changed its name to "The Blue Cross" in 1950. In 2011 the charity dropped "The" from its name and is now simply known as "Blue Cross."

Sally de la Bedoyere became the charity’s CEO in November 2014. 

Operations

Blue Cross operates a number of services throughout the United Kingdom.  Its major services are: rehoming unwanted animals, providing veterinary services to pet owners who cannot afford the private fees charged by private veterinary surgeons, promoting animal welfare through education, and operating the Pet Bereavement Support Service, a free and confidential support line for those who have lost a pet.  They also operate a horse ambulance service, including at large equestrian events.

Blue Cross operates four animal hospitals, three of which are in London, at Victoria, Merton and Hammersmith, and a fourth in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, as well as running mobile clinics throughout the country. In 2014 it opened a pet care clinic in Derby.   Blue Cross carried out over 97,000 treatments, operations and diagnostic investigations in 2010.

Blue Cross is also heavily involved in animal adoption, arranging adoption for companion animals such as cats, dogs, rabbits and small rodents, as well as larger species such as horses.   In 2013, the charity rehomed 8,191 animals. 

The organisation also works to improve the lives of animals through promotion to pet owners and work in animal behaviour therapy. Every pet owner that rehomes a pet through the charity can benefit from free behaviour advice for the pet’s lifetime. The Pet Bereavement Support Service is available 365 days a year to help people who are struggling to cope with the loss of a pet.

Proposed closure of two animal centres

On 26 January 2010, Blue Cross announced the proposed closure of the two animal adoption centres (Felixstowe and Northiam, East Sussex), both of which had been in existence for over 50 years. Final decisions on both sites were announced on 4 May 2010. After an extensive publicity campaign by locals, it was announced that plans to close the Felixstowe centre had been dropped.  The centre will relocate to a brand new site near Ipswich. Work on the purpose-built rehoming centre is due to begin in 2014. 

Partnerships

The Irish Blue Cross is a related party of Blue Cross.

Awards

Medals have been awarded by Blue Cross to animals and people who have demonstrated bravery or heroism. While the first medals were awarded to people who helped to rescue animals, medals were awarded in 1918 to honour a number of horses which had served in the First World War. Medals were then given out between 1940 and 1951 to a number of dogs, including Juliana who reportedly extinguished an incendiary bomb by urinating on it. In 2006 Jake, a police explosives dog, was given the honour after helping to clear out the London Underground after the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
Question:
"Founded in 1897, which animal welfare charity was formerly known As ""Our Dumb Friends League""?"
Answer:
Blue Cross (disambiguation)
Passage:
Kid Ory
Edward "Kid" Ory (December 25, 1886 – January 23, 1973) was a jazz trombonist and bandleader. He was born in Woodland Plantation near La Place, Louisiana.

Biography

Ory started playing music with home-made instruments in his childhood, and by his teens was leading a well-regarded band in Southeast Louisiana. He kept La Place, Louisiana, as his base of operations due to family obligations until his twenty-first birthday, when he moved his band to New Orleans, Louisiana. He was one of the most influential trombonists of early jazz.

Ory was a banjo player during his youth and it is said that his ability to play the banjo helped him develop "tailgate", a particular style of playing the trombone. In "tailgate" style the trombone plays a rhythmic line underneath the trumpets and cornets.

While Ory was living on Jackson Avenue, he was discovered by Buddy Bolden, playing his first New trombone, instead of the old civil war trombone. But his sister said he was too young to play with Bolden.

Ory had one of the best-known bands in New Orleans in the 1910s, hiring many of the great jazz musicians of the city, including cornetists Joe "King" Oliver, Mutt Carey, and Louis Armstrong, who joined the band in 1919;  and clarinetists Johnny Dodds and Jimmie Noone.

In 1919 he moved to Los Angeles—one of a number of New Orleans musicians to do so near that time—and he recorded there in 1921 with a band that included Mutt Carey, clarinetist and pianist Dink Johnson, and string bassist Ed Garland. Garland and Carey were longtime associates who would still be playing with Ory during his 1940s comeback. While in Los Angeles Ory and his band recorded two instrumentals, "Ory's Creole Trombone" and "Society Blues", as well as a number of songs. They were the first jazz recordings made on the west coast by an African-American jazz band from New Orleans. His band recorded with the recording company Nordskog and Ory paid them for the pressings and then sold them under his own label of "Kid Ory's Sunshine Orchestra" at a store in Los Angeles called Spikes Brothers Music Store. In 1925, Ory moved to Chicago, where he was very active, working and recording with Louis Armstrong, Jelly Roll Morton, Oliver, Johnny Dodds, Bessie Smith, Ma Rainey, and many others. He mentored Benny Goodman, and later Charles Mingus.

During the Great Depression Ory retired from music and did not play again until 1943. From 1944 to about 1961 he led one of the top New Orleans style bands of the period. In addition to Mutt Carey and Ed Garland, trumpeters Alvin Alcorn and Teddy Buckner; clarinetists Darnell Howard, Jimmie Noone, Albert Nicholas, Barney Bigard, and George Probert; pianists Buster Wilson, Cedric Haywood, and Don Ewell; and drummer Minor Hall were among his sidemen during this period. All but Probert, Buckner, and Ewell were originally from New Orleans.

The Ory band was an important force in reviving interest in New Orleans jazz, making popular 1940s radio broadcasts—among them a number of slots on The Orson Welles Almanac program (beginning March 15, 1944).    In 1944–45 the group made a series of recordings on the Crescent Records label, founded by Nesuhi Ertegun for the express purpose of recording Ory's band. 

During the late 1940s and early 1950s, Ory and his group appeared at the Beverly Cavern in Los Angeles.

Ory retired from music in 1966 and spent his last years in Hawaii, with the assistance of Trummy Young. Ory died in Honolulu. He was buried at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. 
Discography

With Red Allen 
*Red Allen, Kid Ory & Jack Teagarden at Newport (Verve, 1957)
Question:
With which instrument do you associate the jazz musician Kid Ory?
Answer:
Harmonic glissando
Passage:
new VW Scirocco – Volkswagen UK
Scirocco : Volkswagen UK
†At the end of the agreement there are three options: i) own the vehicle: pay the optional final payment; ii) return the vehicle: subject to fair wear and tear, charges may apply; or iii) replace: part exchange the vehicle.
1£2,000 towards your deposit when purchased on Solutions PCP (excluding Scirocco base trim).
2 Acceptance fee is not required
3Payable with optional final payment.
Finance subject to status. 18s and over. T&Cs apply. Offer available for vehicles ordered by 3rd April 2017 and delivered by 30th June 2017 from participating retailers. Offers are not available in conjunction with any other offer and may be varied or withdrawn at any time. Subject to availability. *Service plan covers the first two consecutive services limited to 1x oil service and 1x oil and inspection service. Accurate at time of publication 21st December 2016. Freepost Volkswagen Financial Services.
Question:
Which car company made the Sirocco model?
Answer:
Folksvagon
Passage:
Zenith - definition of zenith by The Free Dictionary
Zenith - definition of zenith by The Free Dictionary
Zenith - definition of zenith by The Free Dictionary
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/zenith
1. The point on the celestial sphere that is directly above the observer.
2. The upper region of the sky.
3. The highest point above the observer's horizon attained by a celestial body.
4. The point of culmination; the peak: the zenith of her career. See Synonyms at summit .
[Middle English senith, from Old French cenith, from Medieval Latin, from Arabic samt (ar-ra's), path (over the head), from Latin sēmita, path; see mei-1 in the Appendix of Indo-European roots.]
zenith
1. (Astronomy) astronomy the point on the celestial sphere vertically above an observer
2. the highest point; peak; acme: the zenith of someone's achievements.
[C17: from French cenith, from Medieval Latin, from Old Spanish zenit, based on Arabic samt, as in samt arrās path over one's head, from samt way, path + al the + rās head]
ˈzenithal adj
(ˈzi nɪθ; esp. Brit. ˈzɛn ɪθ)
n.
1. the point on the celestial sphere vertically above a given position or observer. Compare nadir.
2. the highest point or state; culmination; peak.
[1350–1400; Middle English cenith < Medieval Latin < Old Spanish zenit, scribal error for zemt < Arabic samt road (compare Arabic samt ar-rās road above (over) one's head, the opposite of nadir)]
ze·nith
The point on the celestial sphere that is directly above the observer.
zenith
, nadir - Zenith derived from Arabic samt ar-ras, "the way or road above one's head"; zenith technically is the point directly above the observer and nadir is the point directly below.
See also related terms for observer .
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:
Noun
1.
zenith - the point above the observer that is directly opposite the nadir on the imaginary sphere against which celestial bodies appear to be projected
celestial point - a point in the heavens (on the celestial sphere)
celestial sphere , empyrean , firmament , heavens , vault of heaven , welkin , sphere - the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
nadir - the point below the observer that is directly opposite the zenith on the imaginary sphere against which celestial bodies appear to be projected
zenith
2. (fig) → cenit m, apogeo m
to be at the zenith of one's power → estar en el apogeo de su poder
zenith
to be at its zenith → être à son zénith
to reach its zenith → atteindre son zénith
zenith
n (Astron, fig) → Zenit m
zenith
[ˈzɛnɪθ] n (liter) (of civilization) → culmine m; (of career) → apice m (Astron) → zenit m inv
zenith
(ˈzeniθ) noun
the highest point. The sun reaches its zenith at midday. hoogste punt سَمْت، أوْج، أعْلى نُقْطَه зенит zênite zenit der Zenit top; zenit ζενίθ , απόγειο cénit seniit اوج lakipiste zénith זנית, שיא शिरोविन्दु, पराकाष्ठा zenit tetőpont titik tertinggi hvirfilpunktur, hápunktur zenit 天頂 정점 zenitas zenīts rembang zenit topp , høyeste punkt, senit zenit سمت الراس، اوج، تر ټولو لوړه څوكه، وروستۍ نقطه zénite zenit зенит zenit zenit zenit zenit จุดสูงสุด zirve , zenit 頂點 зеніт سمت الراس cực điểm 顶点
Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us , add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content .
Link to this page:
culmination
References in classic literature ?
All beneath the fantastic limbs and ragged tree tops, which were, here and there, dimly painted against the starry zenith, lay alike in shadowed obscurity.
View in context
The great cloud-barred disk of the sun stood just above a limitless expanse of tossing white-caps--so to speak--a billowy chaos of massy mountain domes and peaks draped in imperishable snow, and flooded with an opaline glory of changing and dissolving splendors, while through rifts in a black cloud-bank above the sun, radiating lances of diamond dust shot to the zenith.
View in context
And at the zenith of his fame, how he would suddenly appear at the old village and stalk into church, brown and weather-beaten, in his black velvet doublet and trunks, his great jack-boots, his crimson sash, his belt bristling with horse-pistols, his crime-rusted cut- lass at his side, his slouch hat with waving plumes, his black flag unfurled, with the skull and crossbones on it, and hear with swelling ecstasy the whisperings, "It's Tom Sawyer the Pirate
View in context
I lingered at the gates; I lingered on the lawn; I paced backwards and forwards on the pavement; the shutters of the glass door were closed; I could not see into the interior; and both my eyes and spirit seemed drawn from the gloomy house--from the grey-hollow filled with rayless cells, as it appeared to me--to that sky expanded before me,--a blue sea absolved from taint of cloud; the moon ascending it in solemn march; her orb seeming to look up as she left the hill-tops, from behind which she had come, far and farther below her, and aspired to the zenith, midnight dark in its fathomless depth and measureless distance; and for those trembling stars that followed her course; they made my heart tremble, my veins glow when I viewed them.
View in context
Nor was his name unheard or unador'd In ancient Greece; and in AUSONIAN land Men call'd him MULCIBER; and how he fell From Heav'n, they fabl'd, thrown by angry JOVE Sheer o're the Chrystal Battlements: from Morn To Noon he fell, from Noon to dewy Eve, A Summers day; and with the setting Sun Dropt from the Zenith like a falling Star, On LEMNOS th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus they relate, Erring; for he with this rebellious rout Fell long before; nor aught avail'd him now To have built in Heav'n high Towrs; nor did he scape By all his Engins, but was headlong sent With his industrious crew to build in hell.
Question:
In astronomy and metaphorical language what is the opposite of zenith?
Answer:
Nadir
Passage:
Pangram
A Pangram (, pan gramma, "every letter") or holoalphabetic sentence for a given alphabet is a sentence using every letter of the alphabet at least once. Pangrams have been used to display typefaces, test equipment, and develop skills in handwriting, calligraphy, and keyboarding.

The best known English pangram is "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." It has been used since at least the late 19th century, was utilized by Western Union to test Telex / TWX data communication equipment for accuracy and reliability,  and is now used by a number of computer programs (most notably the font viewer built into Microsoft Windows) to display computer fonts. An example in another language is ', containing all letters used in German , including every umlaut (ä, ö, ü) plus the ß.  It has been used since before 1800.

Short pangrams in English are more difficult to come up with and tend to use uncommon words. A perfect pangram contains every letter of the alphabet only once and can be considered an anagram of the alphabet; it is the shortest possible pangram.  An example is the phrase "Cwm fjord bank glyphs vext quiz" (', a loan word from Welsh, means a steep-sided valley, particularly in Wales). However, such examples are not usually understood even by native English speakers, and so arguably are not really English pangrams. 

Here are some short pangrams using standard written English, not involving abbreviations or proper nouns:
# "Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs." (32 letters)
# "Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz." (31 letters)
# "The five boxing wizards jump quickly." (31 letters)
# "How vexingly quick daft zebras jump!" (30 letters)
# "Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack." (29 letters)

Longer pangrams may afford more opportunity for humor, cleverness, or thoughtfulness.   

In a sense, the pangram is the opposite of the lipogram, in which the aim is to omit one or more letters.

Logographic scripts 

Logographic scripts, that is, writing systems composed principally of logograms, cannot be used to produce pangrams in the literal sense, since they are radically different from alphabets or other phonetic writing systems. In such scripts, the total number of signs is large and imprecisely defined, so producing a text with every possible sign is impossible. However, various analogies to pangrams are feasible, including traditional pangrams in a romanization. In Japanese, although typical orthography uses kanji (logograms), pangrams are required to contain every kana (syllabic character) when written out in kana alone: the Iroha is a classic example.

In addition, it is possible to create pangrams that demonstrate certain aspects of logographic characters.

In Chinese, the Thousand Character Classic is a 1000-character poem in which each character is used exactly once; however, it does not include all Chinese characters. The single character  (permanence) incorporates every basic stroke used to write Chinese characters exactly once, as described in the Eight Principles of Yong.

Self-enumerating pangrams 

A self-enumerating pangram is a pangrammatic autogram, or a sentence that inventories its own letters, each of which occurs at least once. The first example was produced by Rudy Kousbroek, a Dutch journalist and essayist, who publicly challenged Lee Sallows, a British recreational mathematician resident in the Netherlands, to produce an English translation of his Dutch pangram. In the sequel, Sallows built an electronic "pangram machine", that performed a  systematic search among millions of candidate solutions. The machine was successful in identifying the following 'magic' translation:   
This pangram contains four As, one B, two Cs, one D, thirty Es, six Fs, five Gs, seven Hs, eleven Is, one J, one K, two Ls, two Ms, eighteen Ns, fifteen Os, two Ps, one Q, five Rs, twenty-seven Ss, eighteen Ts, two Us, seven Vs, eight Ws, two Xs, three Ys, & one Z.

Chris Patuzzo, a British computer scientist was able to reduce the problem of finding a self-enumerating pangram to the Boolean satisfiability problem. He did this by using a bespoke Hardware description language as a stepping stone and then applied the Tseitin transformation to the resulting chip. 

Pangrams in literature

The pangram "The quick brown fox..." and searches for a shorter pangram are the cornerstone of the plot of the novel Ella Minnow Pea by Mark Dunn.  The search successfully comes to an end when the phrase "Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs" is discovered.
Question:
Complete the following pangram: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy what?"
Answer:
dog
Passage:
SWOT Analysis - What it is and how to use it
SWOT Analysis - What it is and how to use it
Home > Goal Setting > SWOT Analysis
SWOT Analysis for Goal Setting
SWOT, which stands for Strengths,     Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats, is a way to     analyze and evaluate your current situation and environment. While     it's typically used for strategic planning in business settings, it can also     be used in goal setting to help you identify goals that will give     you the most benefit. It is a way of matching your internal     capabilities, resources and liabilities with the external factors     you are facing.
SWOT analysis works best when focused on a     particular result area .
Performing a SWOT Analysis
You start by identifying your strengths,     which represent your internal capabilities and resources in this     result area. Here are some questions you can use to help you get     started:
What are your core competencies in this area?
What relevant skills, talents or abilities do      you poses?
What resources do you have at your disposal?
What specialized knowledge or expertise do you have access      to?
Who can you ask for advice, support or help?
What special/proprietary tools can you use or develop?
What is already working well in this area? What      related strengths does that reveal?
Keep in mind that not all of these questions will     apply to every result area. Just use the ones that make sense to     help you identify your strengths.
A SWOT analysis is essential for any goal in a              business. If you ever plan to run your own business, consider a              Business Administration degree from Anna Maria College online to learn how to do properly prepare a SWOT analysis.
The next step is to identify your weaknesses,     which represent your internal liabilities. In many cases, the lack of a     strength or resource can be considered a weakness. Here are some     ideas to help you identify your weaknesses:
What are your main liabilities in this area?
List all the relevant skills, abilities and      talents that you would find helpful in this result area. Which      ones are you the least good or proficient at?
List the specialized knowledge or expertise that      you would find helpful in this result area. Any knowledge or      expertise that you lack could be considered a weakness.
Are there any resources (money, time, help) that      you currently don't have access to?
What is not working in this area right now? What      related weaknesses does that reveal?
Your strengths and weaknesses give you     an idea of your internal capabilities, resources and liabilities.     The next step in SWOT analysis is to identify your external opportunities for profit, growth and improvement. Here are some     ideas to help you identify them:
List the opportunities that you have been      considering.
What things could you improve in this result      area?
Think of one thing you could do that would      significantly improve your situation in this area.
What important goals could you pursue?
How can you take advantage of your strengths?
Can you take advantage of any changes in your      environment or circumstances?
What opportunities would become available to you      if you eliminate some of your weaknesses?
Now identify your threats, which represent     external events, environmental factors, or changes that could affect     you negatively. Here are some ideas to help you identify some     threats:
Make a list of serious risks you are facing in      this area if you continue along your current path.
What obstacles or roadblocks are impeding your      progress?
What environmental factors are affecting you      negatively?
Think about how current changes to your      environment or circumstances could affect you negatively.
Using SWOT Analysis to Identify Targets and     Strategies
The whole point of doing a SWOT analysis is to help     you identify the most beneficial targets and strategies to pursue     right now based on your current situation, and to identify     strategies that will help you prepare for the future.
You do this by analyzing the four quadrants of the     SWOT matrix.
SWOT Quadrant I - Strengths/Opportunities (SO)
This quadrant focuses on goals and strategies that     take advantage of your core strengths to aggressively pursue the     best opportunities at your disposal. This is particularly important     if the opportunities are short-lived. An example would be to utilize     a temporary competitive advantage to gain market share in your     business.
SWOT Quadrant II - Strengths/Threats (ST)
This quadrant focuses on goals and strategies that     utilize your strengths to actively eliminate or reduce threats you     are facing.
SWOT Quadrant III-Weaknesses/Opportunities (WO)
This quadrant focuses on goals and strategies that     can help you open up opportunities down the road by working to     reduce some of your weaknesses (or making your strengths even     stronger). You can use this quadrant to help you prepare a long-term     improvement plan.
SWOT Quadrant IV - Weaknesses/Threats (WT)
This quadrant focuses on goals and strategies that     can help you mitigate and avoid threats that could result from your     weaknesses. You could do this by eliminating the weaknesses and     turning them into strengths, or by developing defensive strategies     to reduce the likelihood or severity of the threat.
Summary
The four SWOT quadrants provide different     perspectives to help you identify targets and strategies:
SO Quadrant - Opportunities to Pursue
ST Quadrant - Threats to Eliminate
WO Quadrant - Things to Improve
WT Quadrant - Risk Mitigation & Avoidance
Over the long term, you should include goals from     each of the four quadrants for balance. In the short term, you may     want to focus on one or two quadrants to take advantage of any     circumstances you are currently facing.
Successes/Failures Analysis
While SWOT analysis is a good way to examine you     current situation looking forward, it doesn't always reveal past     trends that you can learn from. A successes/failures analysis     complements the SWOT matrix and can give you more insight into your     strengths and weaknesses.
You start by listing all your successes and     achievements in this result area, followed by listing all your     failures or missteps. Once you've listed them, you can identify     additional strengths and weaknesses based on the trends that they     show you.
Question:
In SWOT analysis used in business, for what does the 'S' stand?
Answer:
STRENGTHS, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats
Passage:
Endothermic process
The term endothermic process describes a process or reaction in which the system absorbs energy from its surroundings; usually, but not always, in the form of heat. The term was coined by Marcellin Berthelot from the Greek roots endo-, derived from the word "endon" (ἔνδον) meaning "within" and the root "therm" (θερμ-) meaning "hot." The intended sense is that of a reaction that depends on absorbing heat if it is to proceed. The opposite of an  endothermic process is an exothermic process, one that releases, "gives out" energy in the form of (usually, but not always) heat. Thus in each term (endothermic & exothermic) the prefix refers to where heat goes as the reaction occurs, though in reality it only refers to where the energy goes, without necessarily being in the form of heat.

The concept is frequently applied in physical sciences to, for example, chemical reactions, where thermal energy (heat) is converted to chemical bond energy.

Endothermic (and exothermic) analysis only accounts for the enthalpy change (∆H) of a reaction. The full energy analysis of a reaction is the Gibbs free energy (∆G), which includes an entropy (∆S) and temperature term in addition to the enthalpy. A reaction will be a spontaneous process at a certain temperature if the products have a lower Gibbs free energy (an exergonic reaction) even if the enthalpy of the products is higher. Entropy and enthalpy are different terms, so the change in entropic energy can overcome an opposite change in enthalpic energy and make an endothermic reaction favorable.

Examples

* Photosynthesis
* Melting ice
* Evaporating liquid water
* Sublimation of carbon dioxide (dry ice)
* Cracking of alkanes
* Thermal decomposition reactions
* Electrolytic decomposition of sodium chloride into sodium hydroxide and hydrogen chloride 
* Dissolving ammonium chloride in water
* Nucleosynthesis of elements heavier than nickel in stellar cores
* High-energy neutrons can produce tritium from lithium-7 in an endothermic reaction, consuming 2.466 MeV. This was discovered when the 1954 Castle Bravo nuclear test produced an unexpectedly high yield.

* Nuclear fusion of elements heavier than iron in supernovae
Question:
What is absorbed in an endothermic reaction?
Answer:
Heat as energy
Passage:
Belgrade Theatre
The Belgrade Theatre is a live performance venue seating 858 and situated in Coventry, England. It was the first civic theatre to be built after the Second World War in Britain and as such was more than a place of entertainment. It joined the new Coventry Cathedral as a symbol of optimism and culture in one of the largest re-development projects then undertaken, to rebuild the city of Coventry, which had been almost totally destroyed by bombing. The building is now a grade II listed building. In 1963 the Belgrade was registered as a charity by the Charity Commission (number 219163). 
The Belgrade acquired its name in recognition and thanks for a gift of timber from the Yugoslavian (today Serbian) capital city of Belgrade (Coventry's official sister city), that was used extensively in the construction of the auditorium. Since opening in 1958, the theatre has established itself as a centre for the new and innovative productions.

Having pioneered the Theatre-in-Education movement in the 1960s the theatre continues to work with disadvantaged young people and uses drama as a tool to develop personal and social skills. Their most successful programme "Acting Out" has been commissioned by Coventry's LEA for the last 10 years and has been replicated across the UK. One graduate of the course credits "Acting Out" with saving her life. 

The theatre reopened in September 2007 after undergoing a £12 million refurbishment with a 7-storey extension to provide a second auditorium.

Prince Edward officially opened the refurbishment of the Belgrade's B2 studio on 5 February 2008, this also marked the 50th anniversary of the Belgrade's opening performed by Princess Alexandra.
Question:
In which English city did the Belgrade Theatre open in 1958?
Answer:
Cofantre
Passage:
Something Rotten
Something Rotten is the fourth
book in the Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde.  It continues the story some two years after the point where The Well of Lost Plots leaves off.

Plot introduction

The book sees Thursday return from the world of fiction to the alternative Swindon that Fforde introduced in The Eyre Affair; she is accompanied by Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, whose excursion from the world of fiction with Thursday forms the main sub-plot.

The title is taken from Hamlet I.iv:  "Something is rotten in the State of Denmark".

Plot summary

The story opens with Thursday still in the world of fiction in her job as the Bellman, head of the literary police force Jurisfiction. She is still hunting the Minotaur that escaped in the last book; she is tiring of fiction, however, and longs to return to her own world and get back her husband Landen, who was removed from time by the evil Goliath Corporation in 1947.  Despite Landen's non-existence, Thursday still has her son (Friday Next) who is now two years old.

Thursday and Friday return to her mother (Wednesday) in Swindon, with Hamlet who is accompanying them on an excursion to the "Outland" to find out what people in the real world think of him.  Her mother, whose main functions appear to be to make tea and to provide Battenberg cake, has some curious house guests:  Emma Hamilton, Otto von Bismarck, and a family of dodos.  Both humans are apparently staying for a rest, while Thursday's father (who has now been re-admitted to the time-travelling ChronoGuard) sorts out various parts of history for them.

Despite her earlier transgressions that caused her to flee to the Bookworld in the first place, Thursday gets her job back at SpecOps-27 as a Literary Detective and catches up with her old colleagues.  She learns that in her absence, Yorrick Kaine has joined forces with Goliath Corporation and plans to oust the ageing English President George Formby. As Prime Minister, Kaine wields some mysterious persuasive influence over Parliament and the people, and has used it to pass some bizarre laws and to stir up hatred of Denmark. Yorrick has also taken out a hit on her: he has hired an assassin known as "The Windowmaker", who is actually Cindy Stoker, the wife of Thursday's longtime friend, Spike.

Thursday's father warns her that Kaine's ambitions may cause nuclear armageddon and that it is up to her to stop him.  On top of this, she is visited by tearful agents from the Bookworld (Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle and Emperor Zhark) who tell her that all sorts of things are going wrong without her leadership'; for starters, without its titular character, the play Hamlet has merged with The Merry Wives of Windsor creating a new play called "The Merry Wives of Elsinore", which is not nearly as good as either original play (in the words of Emperor Zhark, "it takes a long time to get funny, and, when it finally does, everyone dies").  Meanwhile, her most pressing problem is finding reliable childcare for Friday.

Goliath Corporation have decided to become the new world religion to avoid a prophecy (the prophecy states that the Goliath Corporation will fall; Goliath believes that converting itself into a religion will exempt it from destruction, as the prophecy specifies a business). Thursday meets the CEO—at their headquarters in the Isle of Man—and gets a promise that they will un-eradicate Landen in exchange for her forgiveness.  Thursday feels duped when she finds that, through some form of mind control, she has formally forgiven them, even though there is no sign of her husband.  Then suddenly he is back, but takes a while to stabilise. Thursday must wait patiently for his un-eradication to "stick". In the meantime, she embarks on several seemingly impossible tasks, which include smuggling ten truckloads of banned Danish literature into Wales, tracking down an illegal clone of William Shakespeare, and teaching Friday to speak properly.

On top of all of this, Thursday still has to help the Swindon Mallets win the 1988 Croquet Superhoop final to thwart Kaine and Goliath and avoid the impending end of the world (as foretold by the aforementioned prophecy).

She succeeds but not without a near-death experience and a visit to the gateway to the Underworld (which turns out to be a planned-but-never-built service station on the M4 motorway). The final chapters contain some curious time paradoxes in which Thursday finds that she has met herself at several other stages in her own lifespan, including one character which had seemed to be an independent character.
Question:
Which sport is played by the Reading Thwackers and the Swindon Mallets in the Jasper Fforde book ‘Something Rotten’?
Answer:
Croquet mallet
Passage:
President George H. W. Bush - The White House | whitehouse.gov
George H. W. Bush | whitehouse.gov
Air Force One
George H. W. Bush
George H. W. Bush, as the 41st President (1989-1993), brought to the White House a dedication to traditional American values and a determination to direct them toward making the United States "a kinder and gentler nation" in the face of a dramatically changing world.
George Bush brought to the White House a dedication to traditional American values and a determination to direct them toward making the United States "a kinder and gentler nation." In his Inaugural Address he pledged in "a moment rich with promise" to use American strength as "a force for good."
Coming from a family with a tradition of public service, George Herbert Walker Bush felt the responsibility to make his contribution both in time of war and in peace. Born in Milton, Massachusetts, on June 12, 1924, he became a student leader at Phillips Academy in Andover. On his 18th birthday he enlisted in the armed forces. The youngest pilot in the Navy when he received his wings, he flew 58 combat missions during World War II. On one mission over the Pacific as a torpedo bomber pilot he was shot down by Japanese antiaircraft fire and was rescued from the water by a U. S. submarine. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for bravery in action.
Bush next turned his energies toward completing his education and raising a family. In January 1945 he married Barbara Pierce. They had six children-- George, Robin (who died as a child), John (known as Jeb), Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy.
At Yale University he excelled both in sports and in his studies; he was captain of the baseball team and a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduation Bush embarked on a career in the oil industry of West Texas.
Like his father, Prescott Bush, who was elected a Senator from Connecticut in 1952, George became interested in public service and politics. He served two terms as a Representative to Congress from Texas. Twice he ran unsuccessfully for the Senate. Then he was appointed to a series of high-level positions: Ambassador to the United Nations, Chairman of the Republican National Committee, Chief of the U. S. Liaison Office in the People's Republic of China, and Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
In 1980 Bush campaigned for the Republican nomination for President. He lost, but was chosen as a running mate by Ronald Reagan. As Vice President, Bush had responsibility in several domestic areas, including Federal deregulation and anti-drug programs, and visited scores of foreign countries. In 1988 Bush won the Republican nomination for President and, with Senator Dan Quayle of Indiana as his running mate, he defeated Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis in the general election.
Bush faced a dramatically changing world, as the Cold War ended after 40 bitter years, the Communist empire broke up, and the Berlin Wall fell. The Soviet Union ceased to exist; and reformist President Mikhail Gorbachev, whom Bush had supported, resigned. While Bush hailed the march of democracy, he insisted on restraint in U. S. policy toward the group of new nations.
In other areas of foreign policy, President Bush sent American troops into Panama to overthrow the corrupt regime of General Manuel Noriega, who was threatening the security of the canal and the Americans living there. Noriega was brought to the United States for trial as a drug trafficker.
Bush's greatest test came when Iraqi President Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait, then threatened to move into Saudi Arabia. Vowing to free Kuwait, Bush rallied the United Nations, the U. S. people, and Congress and sent 425,000 American troops. They were joined by 118,000 troops from allied nations. After weeks of air and missile bombardment, the 100-hour land battle dubbed Desert Storm routed Iraq's million-man army.
Despite unprecedented popularity from this military and diplomatic triumph, Bush was unable to withstand discontent at home from a faltering economy, rising violence in inner cities, and continued high deficit spending. In 1992 he lost his bid for reelection to Democrat William Clinton.
The Presidential biographies on WhiteHouse.gov are from “The Presidents of the United States of America,” by Frank Freidel and Hugh Sidey. Copyright 2006 by the White House Historical Association.
For more information about President Bush, please visit
Question:
Which former World War II pilot land Head of the CIA did Ronald Reagan choose as his Vice President?
Answer:
George Bush
Passage:
What does enzootic mean? - Definitions.net
What does enzootic mean?
Of a disease, prevalent in a given population or area
Rabies is enzootic throughout North America.
Webster Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Enzootic(adj)
afflicting animals; -- used of a disease affecting the animals of a district. It corresponds to an endemic disease among men
Origin: [Gr. 'en in + zw^,on an animal: cf. F. enzotique.]
Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Enzootic
Enzootic is the non-human equivalent of endemic and means, in a broad sense, "belonging to" or "native to", "characteristic of", or "prevalent in" a particular geography, race, field, area, or environment; native to an area or scope. It also has two specific meanings: ⁕an organism being "enzootic" means native to a place or a specific fauna ⁕in epizoology, an infection is said to be "enzootic" in a population when the infection is maintained in the population without the need for external inputs.
Chambers 20th Century Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Enzootic
en-zō-ot′ik, adj. endemic among  animals in a particular district.—n. a disease of this  character.
Numerology
The numerical value of enzootic in Chaldean Numerology is: 3
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
What term is given to an infection when it is maintained in a human population without external inputs?
Answer:
Endemic species
Passage:
Hyde Park Corner
Hyde Park Corner is an area in London located around a major road junction at the southeastern corner of Hyde Park. Six streets converge at the junction: Park Lane (from the north), Piccadilly (northeast), Constitution Hill (southeast), Grosvenor Place (south), Grosvenor Crescent (southwest) and Knightsbridge (west).

Hyde Park Corner tube station, a London Underground station served by the Piccadilly line, is located at the junction as well as a number of notable monuments.

Immediately to the north of the junction is Apsley House, the home of the first Duke of Wellington, and several monuments to the Duke were erected in the vicinity in his lifetime and subsequently.

Evolution and development 

 
In the centre of the Hyde Park Corner traffic island stands the Wellington Arch (or Constitution Arch), designed by Decimus Burton and planned as a northern gate to the grounds of Buckingham Palace.  In execution, it was laid out as a gate into the Green Park and was originally sited directly opposite Burton's Ionic Screen (also known as the Hyde Park Corner Screen) which still provides a gate into Hyde Park.  Originally, the arch was topped with an equestrian statue of the Duke (by Matthew Cotes Wyatt).  

Because of traffic congestion, the arch was moved south and realigned to the axis of Constitution Hill in 1883. The boundary of Buckingham Palace's garden were moved south, and a new road named Duke of Wellington Place was created separating the space containing the arch from the rest of the Green Park. At this time the large equestrian statue was removed to Sandhurst.  It was subsequently replaced with the current work, entitled The Angel of Peace descending on the Quadriga of Victory, dated 1912, by the sculptor Adrian Jones. 

Following the passage of the Park Lane Improvement Act 1958, Park Lane was widened in the early 1960s.  For most of its length this was achieved by converting the former East Carriage Drive of Hyde Park into the northbund lanes of a dual carriageway, but at Hyde Park Corner, all lanes of traffic came together on a line immediately to the east of Apsley House that required demolition of houses on Piccadilly. This left Apsley House on an island site.  The InterContinental London hotel was subsequently built on the cleared site between the new route of Park Lane and Hamilton Place.

At part of the same scheme, a tunnel was constructed beneath the junction to allow traffic to flow freely between Knightsbridge and Piccadilly.   As a result, the area around the arch became a large traffic island, mostly laid to grass, and accessible only by pedestrian underpassess, and formally ceased to be part of the Green Park.

Subsequent changes to the road layout in the 1990s reinstated a route between Hyde Park and the Green Park for pedestrians, cyclists and horseriders using surface level crossings.

The traffic island includes a smaller equestrian statue of Wellington by Edgar Boehm unveiled in 1888, the Machine Gun Corps Memorial, the Royal Artillery Memorial, the Australian War Memorial and the New Zealand War Memorial. 

Other monuments in the vicinity of Hyde Park Corner include  Adrian Jones's Monument to the Cavalry of the Empire (off the west side of Park Lane),  Alexander Munro's Boy and Dolphin statue (in a rose garden parallel to Rotten Row, going west from Hyde Park Corner), the Queen Elizabeth Gate (behind Apsley House), the Wellington Monument (off the west side of Park Lane), and a statue of Lord Byron (on a traffic island opposite the Wellington Monument).

The term is often erroneously used for Speakers' Corner, which is located at the north-eastern corner of Hyde Park.

In popular culture

*The 1935 film Hyde Park Corner takes its name from the area, where it is set.
*"Hyde Park Corner" was used as a codeword to announce to the government the death of King George VI in 1952. 

Gallery of memorials

File:Australian War Memorial, Hyde Park Corner - geograph.org.uk - 1463114.jpg|Australian War Memorial
File:Byron Statue - geograph.org.uk - 1574255.jpg|Statue of Lord Byron
File:Statue of the Duke of Wellington - geograph.org.uk - 397832.jpg|Equestrian Statue of the Duke of Wellington
File:DavidLondon.JPG|Machine Gun Corps Memorial
File:NZ war memorial, London.JPG|New Zealand War Memorial
File:Royal Artillery Memorial, outside Aspley House, London.JPG|Royal Artillery Memorial
Question:
Named after the 16/17th century fancy collar that made a fortune for Robert Baker, which London street starts at Hyde Park Corner and ends at a famous statue ? It is the 6th most expensive property in Monopoly.
Answer:
PICADILLY
Passage:
Accessory fruit
An accessory fruit (sometimes called false fruit, spurious fruit, pseudofruit, or pseudocarp) is a fruit in which some of the flesh is derived not from the ovary but from some adjacent tissue exterior to the carpel.Esau, K. 1977. Anatomy of seed plants. John Wiley and Sons, New York. Examples of accessory tissue are the receptacle of the strawberry, pineapple, common fig, and mulberry, and the calyx of Gaultheria procumbens or Syzygium jambos. Pomes, such as apples and pears, are also accessory fruits, with much of the fruit flesh derived from a hypanthium.  Other example could be the anthocarps specific to the family Nyctaginaceae, where most of the fruit comes from the perianth (floral whorls).

Fruit with fleshy seeds, such as pomegranate or mamoncillo, are not considered to be accessory fruit.

The terms false fruit, spurious fruit, and pseudocarp are older terms for accessory fruit that have been criticized as "inapt", and are not used by botanists today.
Question:
Pseudocarp relates to which type of crop?
Answer:
Fruiting
