Passage:
Scientists create living embryo of extinct frog that gives ...
Back from the dead, nearly: Scientists create living embryo of extinct frog that gives birth through its MOUTH | Daily Mail Online
Scientists create living embryo of extinct frog that gives birth through its MOUTH
Scientists implant cells of extinct amphibian into the eggs of living relative
Resulting embryos began to divide and lived for several days
Results bring the 'de-extinction' of creatures like the dodo a step closer
comments
An extinct frog is on the verge of revival after scientists used cloning technology to implant a 'dead' cell nucleus into a fresh egg from another frog species.
Although the resulting embryos lived for just a few days, the groundbreaking research by an international team has brought the 'de-extinction' of creatures like woolly mammoths a step closer.
The scientists working for the so-called Lazarus Project are yet to publish their results, but say future barriers to bringing the frog back to life are 'technological, not biological'.
Jesus wept: Like Lazarus, the long-extinct gastric-brooding frog, Rheobatrachus silus, could be be brought back to life - some 30 years after the last living specimen died out
The project is named for the famous biblical character Lazarus who, according to the Gospel of St John, Jesus brought back from the dead after he had lain in his tomb for four days.
The achievement of the Lazarus Project team is, in some ways, almost as miraculous.
RELATED ARTICLES
Share this article
Share
The last of the bizarre  gastric-brooding frog, Rheobatrachus silus – which uniquely swallowed  its eggs, brooded its young in its stomach and gave birth through its  mouth – died out in 1983.
COULD THE MAMMOTH WALK THE EARTH AGAIN IN JUST 20 YEARS?
Enlarge  
The woolly mammoth could again be walking the Siberian steppes in less than 20 years, scientists say.
Teams from around the world are racing to sequence the mammoth genome from an analysis of DNA from remains found frozen in the ice of northern Russia.
George Church, a geneticist at Harvard University, says that despite the animals dying out nearly 4,000 years ago, it could still be possible to extract usable DNA from mammoths preserved in the permafrost.
An exact picture of the mammoth genome would be used as a template to edit and rewrite the genetic make-up of the closely related Asian elephant until it matched, the Siberian Times reported him as saying.
Hendrik Poinar, associate professor at McMaster University in Canada, added: 'We can actually pull out and rejig all these small mammoth fragments and match them against the genome of an Asian or African elephant chromosome and find all the little points of difference.
'So that means we can take Asian elephant chromosomes, modify them to match that of a mammoth and then create an embryo by inseminating an Asian elephant egg.
'It would be long and arduous but eventually we would have something that looked like a mammoth. It would not be an exact replica but it would look and feel much like a woolly mammoth did.'
The last mammoths died out some 4,000 years ago on Wrangel Island, between the East Siberian and Chukchi seas. The most likely habitats for re-born mammoths would be north-eastern Russia and northern Canada.
But  researchers were able to recover cell nuclei from R. silus tissues  collected in the Seventies and kept for 40 years in a conventional deep  freezer.
In repeated experiments over five years, the researchers used a laboratory technique known as somatic cell nuclear transfer.
Using a method similar to that imagined in the blockbuster Jurassic Park, they took fresh eggs from the distantly related Great Barred Frog, deactivated their nuclei and replaced them with genes from the extinct frog.
Some of the eggs spontaneously began to divide and grow to early embryo stage – a tiny ball of many living cells from a creature extinct for 30 years.
Although none of the embryos survived beyond a few days, genetic tests confirmed that the dividing cells contain the genetic material from the extinct frog.
'We are watching Lazarus arise from the dead, step by exciting step,' said Mike Archer, a professor at the University of New South Wales and the leader of the Lazarus Project team.
'We’ve reactivated dead cells into living ones and revived the extinct frog’s genome in the process. Now we have fresh cryo-preserved cells of the extinct frog to use in future cloning experiments.
'We’re increasingly confident that the hurdles ahead are technological and not biological and that we will succeed.
'Importantly, we’ve demonstrated already the great promise this technology has as a conservation tool when hundreds of the world’s amphibian species are in catastrophic decline.'
The technical work was led by Dr  Andrew French and Dr Jitong Guo, formerly of Monash University, in a  University of Newcastle laboratory led by frog expert, Professor Michael  Mahony, along with Mr Simon Clulow and Dr John Clulow. 
The  frozen specimens were preserved and provided by Professor Mike Tyler,  of the University of Adelaide, who extensively studied both species of  gastric-brooding frog – R. silus and R. vitellinus – before they  vanished from the wild in 1979 and 1985 respectively.
Another candidate for 'de-extinction': Scientists believe similar techniques could be used to bring back the dodo, which was once widespread on Mauritius, east of Madagascar in the Indian Ocean
Professor Archer spoke publicly for the first time about the Lazarus Project, at the TEDx DeExtinction event in Washington DC, hosted by Revive and Restore and the National Geographic Society.
He told the audience his long-term ambition is to clone the extinct Australian thylacine, or Tasmanian tiger.
Researchers from around the world gathered there last week to discuss progress and plans to ‘de-extinct’ other extinct animals and plants.
Possible candidate species include the woolly mammoth, dodo, Cuban red macaw and New Zealand’s giant moa.
Question:
A project by a group of scientists in New South Wales to revive an extinct Australian frog was named after what biblical figure?
Answer:
Saint Lazarus
Passage:
Lockwood (Wuthering Heights)
Mr. Lockwood is one of two narrators in Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights, the other being Nelly Dean.  He is an effete English gentleman who arrives on the Yorkshire moors for a retreat from city life, and spends most of his recorded time there listening to Nelly's biography of Heathcliff,  the landlord in whose affairs he has taken a peculiar interest:

Mr. Heathcliff forms a singular contrast to his abode and style of living.  He is a dark-skinned gypsy in aspect, in dress and manners a gentleman, that is, as much a gentleman as many a country squire: rather slovenly, perhaps, yet not looking amiss with his negligence, because he has an erect and handsome figure — and rather morose.  Possibly, some people might suspect him of a degree of under-bred pride; I have a sympathetic chord within that tells me it is nothing of the sort: I know, by instinct, his reserve springs from an aversion to showy displays of feeling — to manifestations of mutual kindliness.  He'll love and hate, equally under cover, and esteem it a species of impertinence to be loved or hated again — No, I'm running on too fast — I bestow my own attributes over-liberally on him. 

Lockwood is a poor judge of character.  The above impressions, garnered from his first encounter with Heathcliff, are quickly discarded during the second, when his landlord's surly disposition fully reveals itself.  The two are in fact diametrical opposites — Heathcliff a moody, vindictive Byronic hero; Lockwood a paragon of affected posh civility.  Whereas we do not know Lockwood's first name, Heathcliff is without a last, a ruse likely employed to emphasise their differences.

Lockwood arrives at Thrushcross Grange, the estate that he rents from Heathcliff, on the back of a failed amour the previous summer.  From his keenness to identify with his landlord's reticence, together with his eagerness to befriend him, we may infer that the reaction of society to his behaviour wounded his highly developed sense of self-esteem and caused him to sulkily withdraw from society for a period, leaving him in dire need of a sympathetic ally.  This may explain in part why he is later so willing to while away the hours in Nelly's company. In truth the callow and impulsive nature of Mr. Lockwood leads him to fancy himself something of a misanthrope, while at heart he retains his taste for social intercourse, conversation and gossip.

The Grange is the perfect home for Lockwood; indeed, he is uncannily akin to its previous owners, the Linton family, who were full of decadent custom and almost wholly lacking in fibre.  The Grange is a happy but hollow place, in stark contrast to the impassioned feuding of Wuthering Heights, where Lockwood and the Lintons are never comfortable.  Lockwood's own unease is especially evident when, during his ill-fated second visit, he is forced to stay the night at the Heights because of the adverse weather outside.  After being ushered by a servant into a small room, and instructed not to let Heathcliff know that he is in it, Lockwood picks up a book in which he finds scrawled the names "Catherine Earnshaw" and "Catherine Linton" repeatedly.  Shortly afterwards he has either a spectral visitation or a nightmare, in which a ghostly female tries to force her way in through his window, clutching at his arm as she does so.  Lockwood relates,

The intense horror of nightmare came over me: I tried to draw back my arm, but the hand clung to it, and a most melancholy voice sobbed,
"Let me in — let me in!"
"Who are you?" I asked, struggling, meanwhile, to disengage myself.
"Catherine Linton," it replied, shiveringly (why did I think of LINTON? I had read EARNSHAW twenty times for Linton).  "I'm come home: I'd lost my way on the moor!"
As it spoke, I discerned, obscurely, a child's face looking through the window. 

This is the first of many supernatural occurrences in the novel, although Lockwood, despite being unable to recollect the incident, writes it off as a bad dream.  This, again, is in polar opposition to Heathcliff: after entering the room to see what all the to-do is about, finding only a stricken Lockwood in his bed and being informed of the event, the master of Wuthering Heights bids his guest go.  But Lockwood looks on disobediently as Heathcliff

got on to the bed, and wrenched open the lattice, bursting, as he pulled at it, into an uncontrollable passion of tears.
"Come in! come in!" he sobbed.  "Cathy, do come.  Oh, do — once more!  Oh! my heart's darling! hear me this time, Catherine, at last!"
The spectre showed a spectre's ordinary caprice: it gave no sign of being; but the snow and wind whirled wildly through, even reaching my station, and blowing out the light.
Question:
The characters 'Nelly Deane' and 'Mr. Lockwood', narrate which book?
Answer:
Wutherin heights
Passage:
Testament of Youth
Testament of Youth is the first instalment, covering 1900–1925, in the memoir of Vera Brittain (1893–1970). It  was published in 1933.  Brittain's memoir continues with Testament of Experience, published in 1957, and encompassing the years 1925–1950.  Between these two books comes Testament of Friendship (published in 1940), which is essentially a memoir of Brittain's close colleague and friend Winifred Holtby. A final segment of memoir, to be called Testament of Faith or Testament of Time, was planned by Brittain but remained unfinished at her death.

Testament of Youth has been acclaimed as a classic for its description of the impact of World War I on the lives of women and the middle-class civilian population of Great Britain. The book shows how the impact extended into the postwar years. It is also considered a classic in feminist literature for its depiction of a woman's pioneer struggle to forge an independent career in a society only grudgingly tolerant of educated women. 

Narrative

In the foreword, Brittain describes how she originally intended to write of her experiences as a novel but was unable to achieve the objective distance from her subject necessary. She then tried to publish her original diary from the war years but with all names fictionalised. This too proved unworkable. Only then did she decide to write her own personal story, putting her own experiences in the wider historic and social context. Several critics have noted the cathartic process by which she deals with her grief at the loss of young men close to her - her brother Edward Brittain, her fiancé Roland Leighton, her friends Victor Richardson and Geoffrey Thurlow - in the writing. 

The narrative begins with Vera's plans to enter the University of Oxford and her romance with Roland Leighton, a friend of her brother Edward.  Both were commissioned as officers early in World War I, and both were subsequently killed, as were several other members of their social circle.

The book's main subject is Vera's work as a Voluntary Aid Detachment nurse, nursing wounded in London, Malta and at Etaples in France.  It also describes how she returned, disillusioned, to Somerville College, Oxford after the war and completed her BA degree. It covers the beginning of her career in journalism, writing for Time and Tide and lecturing for the League of Nations. She visits the graves of her brother Edward in Italy and her fiancé Roland in France. Together with Winifred Holtby she toured the defeated and occupied regions of Germany and Austria in 1923.

It concludes with her meeting her husband George Catlin and their eventual marriage in 1925.

The diaries on which the book is partly based, Chronicle of Youth, edited by Alan Bishop, were published in 1981. In 1998, the war letters which Brittain also drew on in her autobiography were published in an edition by Alan Bishop and Mark Bostridge. Entitled Letters from a Lost Generation, their appearance was met with considerable acclaim.

Publishing history

* First published Victor Gollancz (28 August 1933)
* Victor Gollancz, London (1940)
* Grey Arrow paperback, Arrow Books, London (1960)
* Wideview Books (1970) ISBN 0-86068-035-5
* Virago Press (1978) ISBN 86-06-80355-3
* Fontana (1979) ISBN 0-00-635703-2
* Seaview Books. (1980) B010174; 661
* Penguin Group (United States) (1980) ISBN 0-87223-672-2
* Putnam Pub Group (1980) ISBN 0-87223-672-2
* Penguin Classics (May 31, 2005) ISBN 0-14-303923-7
* Publisher: Virago Press Ltd (2004) ISBN 0-86068-035-5
* Publisher: Weidenfeld & Nicolson (2009) ISBN 978-0-297-85831-7

Adaptations

The book was dramatised by Elaine Morgan as a five-part serial which was transmitted on BBC2 in 1979. This version features Cheryl Campbell as Vera Brittain, Peter Woodward as Roland Leighton, Joanna McCallum as Winifred Holtby and Emrys James and Jane Wenham as Vera's parents.

In 1998, to commemorate the eightieth anniversary of the Armistice, a fifteen-part radio dramatisation of the letters on which Testament of Youth was partly based was broadcast on BBC Radio Four. Entitled Letters from a Lost Generation, it was dramatised by Mark Bostridge and starred Amanda Root as Vera Brittain and Rupert Graves as Roland Leighton.

In 2009 it was announced that the feature film Testament of Youth was in development by BBC Films and Heyday Films producer David Heyman, and was to be directed by James Kent. This had the support of the Vera Brittain Estate, Brittain's daughter Shirley Williams, and Brittain's biographer Mark Bostridge who is acting as consultant.  Saoirse Ronan was cast to play Brittain in 2012  but was replaced in December 2013 when it was announced that Alicia Vikander would play Vera Brittain in the film which was released in late 2014 as part of the First World War commemorations. On 4 February 2014 Kit Harington joined the cast to play the role of Brittain's fiancé Roland Leighton. On 13 February 2014, Colin Morgan, Taron Egerton, and Alexandra Roach were announced to have joined the film's cast. An ensemble cast was later confirmed as filming began, including Dominic West, Emily Watson, Joanna Scanlan, Hayley Atwell, Jonathan Bailey and Anna Chancellor.

Criticism

A book by Brittain's biographer and editor Mark Bostridge, entitled Vera Brittain and the First World War. The Story of Testament of Youth was published by Bloomsbury in December 2014. It looks at early versions of the book in the wake of the new film adaptation.

Other sources

* [http://books.guardian.co.uk/review/story/0,12084,1031689,00.html The making of a peacenik]  Mark Bostridge, The Guardian 30 August 2003.  Brittain's biographer reviews Testament of Youth. Accessed May 2008
*[https://books.google.com/books?hlen&lr
&idm6SBFRVOppIC&oi
fnd&pgPA169&dq
Testament+of+Youth+&otsVRsMblUQxk&sig
GoHTyWYrpsmIgSDQu5SZf6OHnSI#PPA169,M1 Testament of Youth, Vera Brittain's Literary Quest for Peace] By Linda S. Coleman Popular Press (1997). Accessed June 2008
*[http://www.questia.com/googleScholar.qst;jsessionidLLLL2Qn7ZnQmMLCyfYSYYmJNv5hYyL35nP1QtGsx81YdGT1yn0xw!-500149612?docId
5006388280 Mourning through Memoir: Trauma, Testimony, and Community in Vera Brittain's Testament of Youth.] by Richard Badenhausen in Twentieth Century Literature, Vol. 49, 2003. Extract accessed June 2008
Question:
Which writer, mother of a British politician, wrote Testament of Youth?
Answer:
Vera Brittain
Passage:
Folly to Be Wise
Folly to Be Wise is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Frank Launder and starring Alastair Sim, Elizabeth Allan, Roland Culver, Colin Gordon, Martita Hunt and Edward Chapman. It is based on the play It Depends What You Mean by James Bridie.  The film follows the efforts of a British Army Chaplain attempting to recruit entertainment acts to perform for the troops and the complications that ensue when he does.  The title is taken from the line by Thomas Gray "where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise".

Plot
	
Having recently taken over the role of entertainments officer at an army camp the Padre Captain William Paris is disheartened so few of the troops turn out for an evening of classical music. He visits a local pub and finds the place packed with soldiers, including his own driver. He then resolves to try and secure something more entertaining for the troops and comes up with the idea of bringing in a Brain Trust to answer questions from the audience.

With the help of Lady Dodds, the Captain manages to gather together a group of local notables, who all swiftly prove to be mildly eccentric. The group includes the opinionated Professor Mutch, who is a popular radio personality with the BBC, and his friend the oil painter George Prout and his wife Angela. While arriving at their house, the Captain interrupts Mutch and Mrs Prout who are about to embrace. Upon meeting Mr Prout he soon finds him a cold man who verbally abuses his wife. The Trust is rounded out by the wandering Doctor McAdam and the chippy local Labour MP Joseph Byres.

With the help of his secretary, Private Jessie Killigrew, the Captain manages to organise the event. The hall is relatively well filled. Trying to avoid anything controversial, the Captain forbids any discussion of politics and begins with some innocuous questions about cows chasing after trains and if the Moon is inhabited? Things soon become heated when the MP takes offence at comments directed at him and threatens to start a fight. Having only just averted this, a question about marriage reveals the fragility of the Prouts' marriage. Fearing any controversy, the Captain quickly announces that it is time for the interval.

As word spreads around the camp of the goings-on, the second half begins with the room completely packed. The Captain tries to steer the debate back to harmless questions about bluebottles, but the audience demands an answer to the earlier question about marriage. As the Prouts begin arguing once again, Mrs Prout admits that the Professor is her lover. At this the whole event threatens to descend into anarchy despite the attempts of the Captain to maintain order. Desperate to restore a sense of propriety, he draws the proceedings to a close, and announces that next week they will return to classical music by inviting a string quartet. A soldier stands up and thanks the Captain for providing such entertainment and asking if the Brain Trust can be made a regular feature.

Worried about Mr Prout, who has disappeared and has been drinking heavily, the others follow him back to his house where they mistakenly believe that he is going to throw himself over the cliffs. Instead, he is planning a bit of quiet painting. Meanwhile, the Professor has revealed himself to be an inherently selfish man, while Mr Prout is suddenly far more reasonable. He and Mrs Prout soon resolve their differences, and he tries to be a little more considerate to her.

The film ends with the string quartet playing once more and the Captain sitting almost entirely alone in the theatre.

Cast

* Alastair Sim - Captain William Paris
* Elizabeth Allan - Angela Prout
* Roland Culver - George Prout
* Colin Gordon - Professor James Mutch
* Martita Hunt - Lady Dodds
* Janet Brown - Jessie Killegrew
* Peter Martyn - Walter
* Miles Malleson - Doctor Hector McAdam
* Edward Chapman - Joseph Byres MP
* Cyril Chamberlain - Drill Sergeant
* Michael Ripper - Drill Corporal
* Robin Bailey - Intellectual Corporal
* Michael Kelly - Staff Sergeant
* George Cole - Soldier in audience
* Maria Charles - WRAC Corp soldier
* Martin Boddey - Brigadier

Production

The film was shot at Shepperton Studios and made by the British Lion Film Corporation. James Bridie wrote the screenplay, adapting it from his own play. Alastair Sim had previously produced the play in a 1944 run at the Westminster Theatre and was a driving force behind bringing it to the screen.  Launder was encouraged to make the film by Alexander Korda. 

Reception

A contemporary New York Times review described the film as a "cheerful British import". While noting that the film did not "succeed in building into towering proportions the fragile theme of what makes a marriage tick" the cast had made it "all worth while". The review praised the performance by Alastair Sim in particular. 

Sim was nominated for a Best Actor BAFTA for his role as Captain Paris, but lost to Ralph Richardson for his performance in The Sound Barrier.
Question:
What is bliss when it is folly to be wise
Answer:
Ignorance
Passage:
Vision of a Knight (Raphael)
The Vision of a Knight, also called The Dream of Scipio or Allegory, is a small egg tempera painting on poplar by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael, finished in 1504–1505.Thoenes, Christof, Raphael (2005) Ed. Taschen. pp. 17Girardi, Monica, Raffaello. La ricerca della perfezione e la tenerezza della natura (1999) Ed. Associati. pp. 31 It is in the National Gallery in London.  It probably formed a pair with the Three Graces panel, also 17 cm square, now in the Château de Chantilly museum.

There are a number of theories as to what the panel is intended to represent.  Some art historians think the sleeping knight  represents the Roman general Scipio Africanus (236–184 BC) who dreamed that he had to choose between Virtue (behind whom is a steep and rocky path) and Pleasure (in looser robes). However, the two feminine figures are not presented as contestants. They may represent the ideal attributes of the knight: the book, sword and flower which they hold suggest the ideals of scholar, soldier and lover which a knight should combine.

The most likely source for the allegory depicted is from a passage in the Punica, an epic poem recounting the Second Punic War by the Latin poet Silius Italicus. 

The panel was moved to England by William Young Ottley in 1800.

Raphael used an extensive palette of paints  to depict this colourful scene, pigments such as lead-tin yellow, ultramarine, verdigris and ochres were identified. 
.
Question:
'Vision Of A Knight' was the work of which Italian painter?
Answer:
Raffaello Sanzio
Passage:
Hoosegow & Pokey « The Word Detective
Hoosegow & Pokey « The Word Detective
Hoosegow & Pokey
Lemme outta here.
Dear Word Detective:  Where did the words “hoos-cow” and “pokey” originate as slang for jail? — Siobhan Taaffe.
Oh boy, jail.  Also known as the slammer.  The tank. The big house.  The  clink.  The joint.  The Graybar Hotel.  The cooler. Stir. Inside.  Gosh,  you’d never guess that the US has the highest per capita incarceration  rate in the world, would you?  So it’s not very surprising that we have  so many slang synonyms for “correctional institution.”  By the way,  every time I hear the euphemism “correctional institution,” I picture a  training school for proofreaders, which is ironic because I once worked  with two proofreaders who were eventually dragged away by the FBI for  insider trading.
Much as I like the spelling “hoos-cow” (“Hoos cow is that in the  cafeteria?”), the standard form of the word is “hoosegow” (although  there are more than a thousand Google hits for “hooscow,” so that may  change).  “Hoosegow” is a souvenir of our close connection to Mexico, a  modified form of the Mexican Spanish word “juzgado,” meaning “jail.”   The original meaning of “juzgado,” interestingly, was “tribunal” or “court,” and the word is derived from the Latin “judicare,” meaning “to  judge” (and from which our “judge” and “judgment” also derive).  “Hoosegow” first arose in the the western US, probably in the 19th  century, although the first occurrence of the word in print found so far  is from 1908.
“Pokey” as slang for “jail” dates to early 20th century America and is  actually a variant form of “pogey,” a 19th century English word for “poorhouse” or “welfare hotel.”  The roots of “pogey” are largely a  mystery, but the word may be related to the adjective “poky,” an  interesting word in itself.  The original sense of “poky,” in the 18th  century, was, logically, “something that pokes,” i.e., projects or  points out (as in a “poke bonnet,” a style of the day that featured a  prominent brim).  In the 19th century, the word came to mean “cramped or  confined,” as a small room might make a resident feel “poked at” by the  walls.  Since jail cells are not known for their generous elbow room,  this is probably the connection between “poky” (cramped) and “pokey” (jail).
“Poky” also acquired the meaning of “dull, narrow-minded and slow” here  in the US, probably from that same sense of “cramped.”  “Poky” today is  a useful little word that can be applied to anything from horses (“Plop,  plop, plopity plop… The feet of Father Ready’s poky old saddle horse  slowly ate upon the weary miles,” 1932) to computer programs (“HyperCard  is quite poky when running on a standard 1-megabyte Mac Plus, even from  a hard disk,” 1989).
Question:
What is also known as the clink, the big house, or the pokey?
Answer:
Penitentiary system
Passage:
What does ad valorem mean? - Definitions.net
What does ad valorem mean?
Definitions for ad valoremæd vəˈlɔr əm, -ˈloʊr-
This page provides all possible meanings and translations of the word ad valorem
Princeton's WordNet(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
ad val, ad valorem(adverb)
in proportion to the estimated value of the goods taxed
"the goods were taxed ad valorem"
Wiktionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
ad valorem(Adjective)
Measured by or in proportion to value.
Webster Dictionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
Ad valorem
a term used to denote a duty or charge laid upon goods, at a certain rate per cent upon their value, as stated in their invoice, -- in opposition to a specific sum upon a given quantity or number; as, an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent
Origin: [L., according to the value.]
Numerology
The numerical value of ad valorem in Chaldean Numerology is: 6
Pythagorean Numerology
Question:
What does the Latin phrase 'Ad Valorem' mean?
Answer:
ACCORDING TO THE VALUE
Passage:
Hallelujah! (TV series)
Hallelujah! was a British sitcom made by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network and was broadcast from 29th April 1983 to 21st December 1984.

The series was set in a Salvation Army citadel in the fictional Yorkshire town of Brigthorpe during series 1 (and later in the fictional place of Blackwick in series 2). Captain Emily Ridley (Thora Hird) has been posted there, having been an active member of the Salvation Army for 42 years. Despite the town and residents being seemingly pleasant, Emily is determined to flush out sin from behind the net curtains. Assisting Emily are her niece Alice Meredith (Patsy Rowlands).

The programme was a repeat collaboration between Hird and the creator Dick Sharples, having worked together on the comedy series In Loving Memory between 1979 and 1986.

The series also featured guest appearances from the likes of Hird's Last of the Summer Wine co-star Michael Aldridge and television presenter Richard Whiteley.

Plot 

The show was set in the salvation army based in the fictional Yorkshire town of Brigthorpe during series 1 and in the fictional Yorkshire place of Blackwick during series 2 in the mid 1980s and starred Dame Thora Hird as Captain Emily Ridley with Patsy Rowlands as her niece Alice Meredith and Rosemund Green as Sister Dorothy Smith (whom left after the first series and was later replaced by David Daker as Brother Benjamin in the second series thereafter).

A notable characteristic of the show was that every episode ended with the audience clapping once during the closing sequence throughout its year-long run.

The first series was set in "Brigthorpe" a fictional Yorkshire Town in the "Leeds Area", In the second series the series was relocated to "Blackwick" also a fictional Yorkshire place within or outer Leeds itself.

*Series 1 - set in "Brigthorpe" 1983
*Series 2 - set in "Blackwick" 1984

Cast 

*Thora Hird - Captain Emily Ridley
*Patsy Rowlands - Alice Meredith
*Rosamund Greenwood - Sister Dorothy Smith (series 1)
*David Daker - Brother Benjamin (series 2)
*Geoffrey Bayldon - Mr Sedgewick
*Michael Aldridge - Brig Langton (series 1)
*Garfield Morgan - Brig Langton (series 2)

Episodes 

Series 1 (1983) 

*Retirement (29 Apr 83)
*Repentance (6 May 83)
*Counselling (13 May 83)
*Poor Box (20 May 83)
*Luncheon Club (27 May 83)
*Mobile Canteen (3 Jun 83)
*Struck Down (10 Jun 83)

Series 2 (1984) 

*Marching Orders (2 Nov 84)
*Just A Song At Twilight (9 Nov 84)
*Holy Deadlock (16 Nov 84)
*The Snake Pit : Part 1 (23 Nov 84)
*The Snake Pit : Part 2 (30 Nov 84)
*Rock Bottom (7 Dec 84)
*It Happened One Night (14 Dec 84)
*A Goose For Mrs. Scratchitt (Christmas Special) (21 Dec 84)

Contrary to popular belief, only 15 episodes over two series were ever made. It is unknown why many sources claim that there were three series made.  This is in fact not true; there were only two series and one Christmas special shown between 1983 and 1984.  The sites that list three series may be using working titles in their listings.

Location filming 

The series was filmed mostly in and around both Yorkshire Television Studios and the Leeds area. Most notable filming location was Leeds General Hospital, especially appearances by old run-down buildings old and new around the Leeds-area at the time.

DVD release 

DD Home Entertainment (now known as 'Simply Home Entertainment') released series 1 and 2 in 2008. They claimed that series two was complete at first, However, as the Christmas special was not included, they later dropped this claim (the artwork on the cover stayed the same however)  

The complete first series of Hallelujah! is now available from Network DVD.  The complete second series is now also available.  The complete series 1 & 2(Including the Christmas Special 'A Goose For Mrs. Scratchitt') has now also been released. 

Hallelujah! has been released in Australia by Acorn Media Australia.  It is a boxset with both series plus the Christmas special. It has been released as an all region DVD (PAL).

Notes 

1. Lewisohn, Mark. Radio Times Guide to British Comedy p. 292. ISBN 0-563-36977-9
Question:
Which actress played 'Captain Emma Ridley' in the 1980's ITV comedy series 'Hallelujah !', set in a Salvation Army citadel?
Answer:
Dame Thora Hird
Passage:
Bobolink
The bobolink (Dolichonyx oryzivorus) is a small New World blackbird and the only member of the genus Dolichonyx.

Description

Adults are 16 – long with short finch-like bills. They weigh about 1 oz.  Adult males are mostly black with creamy napes and white scapulars, lower backs, and rumps. Adult females are mostly light brown, although their coloring includes black streaks on the back and flanks, and dark stripes on the head; their wings and tails are darker. The collective name for a group of bobolinks is a chain. 

Distribution and movements

The bobolink breeds in the summer in North America across much of southern Canada and the northern United States. It migrates long distances, wintering in southern South America in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay. One bird was tracked migrating 12000 mi over the course of the year, often flying long distances up to 1100 mi in a single day, then stopping to recuperate for days or weeks.

They often migrate in flocks, feeding on cultivated grains and rice, which leads to them being considered a pest by farmers in some areas. Although bobolinks migrate long distances, they have rarely been sighted in Europe—like many vagrants from the Americas, the overwhelming majority of records are from the British Isles.

The species has been known in the southern United States as the "reedbird," or the "ricebird" from their consumption of large amounts of the grain from rice fields in South Carolina and the Gulf States during their southward migration in the fall.  One of the species' main migration routes is through Jamaica, where they're called "butter-birds" and at least historically were collected as food, having fattened up on the aforementioned rice.

Behaviour

Breeding

Their breeding habitats are open grassy fields, especially hay fields, across North America. In high-quality habitats, males are often polygynous. Females lay five to six eggs in a cup-shaped nest, which is always situated on the ground and is usually well-hidden in dense vegetation. Both parents feed the young.

Feeding

Bobolinks forage on or near the ground, and mainly eat seeds and insects.

Calls

Males sing bright, bubbly songs in flight; these songs gave this species its common name.

Status and conservation

The numbers of these birds are declining due to loss of habitat. Bobolinks are a species at risk in Nova Scotia,  and throughout Canada.  In Vermont, a 75% decline was noted between 1966 and 2007. Originally, they were found in tall grass prairie and other open areas with dense grass. Although hay fields are suitable nesting habitat, fields which are harvested early, or at multiple times, in a season may not allow sufficient time for young birds to fledge. Delaying hay harvests by just 1.5 weeks can improve bobolink survival by 20%  This species increased in numbers when horses were the primary mode of transportation, requiring larger supplies of hay.

Media references

Emily Dickinson penned many poems about the bird. Edgar Allan Poe mentions the bird in "Landor's Cottage". 

The bobolink is mentioned in the song Evelina by Harold Arlen and Yip Harburg, from the musical Bloomer Girl: 

Evelina, won't ya ever take a shine to that moon?
Evelina, ain't ya bothered by the Bobolink's tune?

The bird is also one of the many important ornithological references in Vladimir Nabokov's John Shade's poem "Pale Fire" in the novel of the same name.

Sophia Jewett ends her poem "An Exile's Garden" (1910) with a reference to a bobolink. 

The bobolink is also mentioned in the film The Mouse on the Moon in connection with the fictional European microstate of Grand Fenwick, where oddly the bird is apparently common.
Gallery

File:Bobolink (F) 02.jpg|Male, New England, United States
File:Bobolink (F) 01.jpg|Female, New England, United States
Question:
Native to America, what type of creature is a 'Bobolink'?
Answer:
The Birds (disambiguation)
Passage:
Eric Moussambani
Eric Moussambani Malonga (born May 31, 1978) is a swimmer from Equatorial Guinea. Nicknamed "Eric the Eel" by the media after the name first appeared in an article by Craig Lord in The Times newspaper in London, Moussambani won brief international fame at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He swam his heat of the 100m freestyle in 1:52.72.  His time was more than twice that of his faster competitors, and outside the time for the 200 m world record. He set a new personal best and Equatoguinean national record.  He later became the coach of the national swimming squad of Equatorial Guinea.

Career 

Moussambani gained entry to the Olympics without meeting the minimum qualification requirements via a wildcard draw designed to encourage participation by developing countries lacking full training facilities. While Pieter van den Hoogenband won in a time of 48.30 seconds (setting a world record of 47.84 in the semi-finals), Moussambani took more than twice that time to finish (1:52.72).  "The last 15 metres were very difficult", Moussambani said. Because the other two swimmers in his heat made false starts, and were thus disqualified, he won the heat unopposed.

Before coming to the Olympics, Moussambani had never seen a 50 m long Olympic-size swimming pool. He took up swimming eight months before the Olympics and had practiced in a lake, and later a 12-metre swimming pool in a hotel  in Malabo. 

His performance generated spectator and media interest in Paula Barila Bolopa, the only other Equatoguinean swimmer at the Sydney Olympics. She competed in the women's 50 meters freestyle event, struggling to finish the race with a time of 1:03.97. In setting a record for the slowest time in Olympic history for that event, she also achieved minor celebrity status.  

Despite lowering his personal best down to under 57 seconds,  Moussambani was denied entry into the 2004 Olympic Games due to a visa bungle.  He did not take part in the 2008 Summer Olympics.  In March 2012 he was appointed coach of the national swimming squad of Equatorial Guinea. 

Similarly acclaimed athletes 

In subsequent Olympic Games, international media occasionally referred to Moussambani's potential successors—athletes who might record spectacularly poor times. Before the 2008 Summer Olympics, media in several countries—including Australia, Denmark, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom—suggested that Stany Kempompo Ngangola, a swimmer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, would be the Olympics' next "Eric the Eel".      The media also described ni-Vanuatu sprinter Elis Lapenmal and Palestinian swimmer Hamza Abdu as "potential successors to Moussambani".  During the Games, Cook Islands swimmer Petero Okotai compared himself to "Eric the Eel" upon recording a disappointing time in his event.  

During the 2009 IAAF World Championships, various media around the world, including La Nación and the Daily Telegraph, described American Samoan sprinter Savannah Sanitoa as "the new Eric 'the Eel' Moussambani".   

London 2012 Olympic rower Hamadou Djibo Issaka of Niger was compared to Moussambani for his times of 8:25.56 in the 2000 meter men's single scull qualifying heat and 9:07.99 in the E Semifinals.    Both times were over a minute off the next closest competitor in each race.
Question:
What was the nationality of the 2000 Olympic swimmer nicknamed Eric the Eel?
Answer:
GNQ
Passage:
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's individual pursuit
The men's individual pursuit at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place on August 16 at the Laoshan Velodrome. The pre-event favorite to win the gold medal was the defending Olympic champion Bradley Wiggins of Great Britain, who managed to retain the title, setting a new Olympic record in the preliminary round. 

Qualification 

Eighteen cyclists qualified for this event. Bradley Wiggins (Great Britain), the defending Olympic champion, qualified for winning the individual pursuit at the 2008 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Volodymyr Dyudya (Ukraine) qualified at the late 2007 UCI World Cup event in Sydney, winning the individual pursuit there. The qualifier by way of the UCI B World Championship was Alexandr Pliuschin (Moldova). Jenning Huizenga (Netherlands), Taylor Phinney (United States), Phillip Thuaux (Australia), Sergi Escobar Roure (Spain), Alexander Serov (Russia), and David O'Loughlin (Ireland) qualified based on UCI rankings. The rest of the field was formed by berths given to the ten nations that qualified in the team pursuit. This resulted in Great Britain, Australia, Netherlands, Spain, Ukraine, and Russia each having two competitors in this event.

Competition format 

The eighteen cyclists were matched into nine two-man heats. The riders start on opposite sides of the track from one another, held in place by a starting gate until the race begins. While the objective is ostensibly to catch the other rider on the track, victory is most commonly determined by the faster time to cover 4,000 meters. The winners of each individual heat did not matter in the preliminaries - it was instead the overall eight fastest times which would advance to the match round.

In the match round, the top eight riders from the preliminaries were matched together, 1 vs. 8, 2 vs. 7, 3 vs. 6, and 4 vs. 5, for the semifinals. In the semifinals, the winner of each match advanced to race for a medal; the two fastest raced for gold and silver, while the two slower winners faced each other for the bronze.

Schedule 

All times are China standard time (UTC+8)

Results 

Qualification 

  

Match round

Semifinals

Qualification rule: Two fastest cyclists advance to the gold medal match (Q), while the next two to the bronze medal match (q).  

Medal round

;Bronze medal match 

;Gold medal match
Question:
Which British cyclist won the Men's Individual Pursuit at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing?
Answer:
Brad wiggins
