Passage:
Styx
In Greek mythology, Styx (; ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler). The rivers Styx, Phlegethon, Acheron, Lethe, and Cocytus all converge at the center of the underworld on a great marsh, which sometimes is also called the Styx. According to Herodotus, the river Styx originates near Feneos.  Styx is also a goddess with prehistoric roots in Greek mythology as a daughter of Tethys, after whom the river is named and because of whom it had miraculous powers.

Significance of the River Styx

The deities were bound by the Styx and swore oaths upon Styx. According to classical myths, the reason related for this is that during the Titan war, Styx, the goddess of the river Styx, sided with Zeus. After the war, Zeus promised every oath be sworn upon her.  Zeus swore to give Semele whatever she wanted and was then obliged to follow through when he realized to his horror that her request would lead to her death. Helios similarly promised his son Phaëton whatever he desired, also resulting in the boy's death. Myths related to such early deities did not survive long enough to be included in historic records, but tantalizing references exist among those that have been discovered.

According to some versions, Styx had miraculous powers and could make someone invulnerable. According to one tradition, Achilles was dipped in the waters of the river by his mother during his childhood, acquiring invulnerability, with exception of his heel, by which his mother held him. The only spot where Achilles was vulnerable was his heel, where he was struck and killed by Paris' arrow in the Trojan War. This is the source of the expression Achilles' heel, a metaphor for a vulnerable spot.

Styx was primarily a feature in the afterworld of classical Greek mythology, similar to the Christian area of Hell in texts such as The Divine Comedy and Paradise Lost. The ferryman Charon often is described in contemporary literature as having transported the souls of the newly dead across this river into the underworld, although in the original Greek and Roman sources, as well as in Dante, it was the river Acheron that Charon plied. Dante put Phlegyas as ferryman over the Styx and made it the fifth circle of Hell, where the wrathful and sullen are punished by being drowned in the muddy waters for eternity, with the wrathful fighting each other. In ancient times some believed that placing a coin (Charon's obol) in the mouth  of the deceased would pay the toll for the ferry to cross the Acheron River, which would lead one to the entrance of the underworld. If someone could not pay the fee it was said that they would never be able to cross the river. This ritual was performed by the relatives.

The variant spelling Stix was sometimes used in translations of Classical Greek before the twentieth century.  By metonymy, the adjective stygian came to refer to anything dark, dismal, and murky.

Goddess

Styx was the name of the daughter of Tethys and Oceanus, the goddess of the River Styx. In classical myths, her husband was Pallas and she gave birth to Zelus, Nike, Kratos, and Bia (and sometimes Eos). In those myths, Styx supported Zeus in the Titanomachy, where she was said to be the first to rush to his aid and for this reason her name was given the honor of being a binding oath for the deities. Knowledge of whether this was the original reason for the tradition did not survive into historical records following the religious transition that led to the pantheon of the classical era.

Science

As of 2 July 2013, Styx officially became the name of one of Pluto's moons.  The other moons (Charon, Nix, Hydra, and Kerberos) also have names from Greco-Roman mythology related to the underworld.
Question:
In Greek Mythology who was the ferryman who carried the dead to the underworld across the River Styx?
Answer:
Charon (comics)
Passage:
All that glitters is not gold
All that glitters is not gold is a well-known saying, meaning that not everything that looks precious or true turns out to be so. This can apply to people, places, or things that promise to be more than they really are. The expression, in various forms, originated in or before the 12th century  and may date back to Aesop. 
The Latin is Non omne quod nitet aurum est. 

Chaucer gave two early versions in English: "But al thyng which that shyneth as the gold / Nis nat gold, as that I have herd it told" in "The Canon's Yeoman's Tale", and "Hyt is not al golde that glareth" in "The House of Fame". 

The popular form of the expression is a derivative of a line in William Shakespeare's play The Merchant of Venice, which employs the word "glisters," a 17th-century synonym for "glitters." The line comes from a secondary plot of the play, the puzzle of Portia's boxes (Act II - Scene VII - Prince of Morocco):

Panning for gold often results in finding pyrite, nicknamed fool's gold, which reflects substantially more light than authentic gold does. Gold in its raw form appears dull and does not glitter.
The expression is also found in Yiddish (nit als vos glanst iz gold), especially amongst Hasidim, and also appears in a Hebrew work of Mendele Mocher Sforim.

In pop culture, this phrase shows up in Bob Marley's "Get Up, Stand Up".   It is also used as lyrics in the song "A Guided Masquerade" by Alesana, in the song "Domino Rain" by Antemasque, in the song "Gold" by Prince, and 
in the Kanye West song, "Family Business".

"Not all that glitters is gold" is an alternative formulation.   

Another common formulation with the same meaning is "All that shines is not gold", as seen in the title and refrain of the song "All That Shines Is Not Gold"  and in the lyrics of "Next Time You See Me"  as well as Curtis Mayfield's "That's What Mama Say". 

The inverse of this expression, "All that glitters is gold," is a lyric in the Led Zeppelin song, "Stairway to Heaven", the Smash Mouth song, "All Star", the Death in Vegas song, "All That Glitters", and in the Future Islands song "A Dream of You and Me" followed by the lyric "Don't believe what you've been told".
Question:
"""All that glisters is not gold"" is a quote from which Shakespeare play?"
Answer:
TMOV
Passage:
Lazarus, Emma - Academic Dictionaries and Encyclopedias
Lazarus, Emma
Lazarus, Emma
born July 22, 1849, New York , N.Y., U.S.
died Nov. 19, 1887, New York
U.S. writer.
She was born into a cultured Jewish family and learned languages and the classics at an early age. Her first book (1867) caught the attention of Ralph Waldo Emerson , with whom she corresponded thereafter. She wrote a prose romance and translated Heinrich Heine's poems and ballads. She took up the defense of persecuted Jews с 1881 and began working for the relief of new immigrants to the U.S. The famous closing lines to her poem "The New Colossus" (1883) were inscribed on the base of the Statue of Liberty (see Statue of Liberty National Monument ), dedicated in 1886.
* * *
born July 22, 1849, New York, N.Y., U.S.
died Nov. 19, 1887, New York City
      American poet and essayist best known for her sonnet “The New Colossus,” written to the Statue of Liberty ( Liberty, Statue of ).
      Born into a cultured family of Sephardic (Spanish Jewish) stock, Lazarus learned languages and the classics at an early age. She early displayed a talent for poetry, and her first book, Poems and Translations (1867), was praised by Ralph Waldo Emerson ( Emerson, Ralph Waldo ). She dedicated her next book, Admetus and Other Poems (1871), to him. These and subsequent volumes—the prose Alide: An Episode of Goethe's Life (1874), a verse tragedy, The Spagnoletto (1876), and a fine translation of the Poems and Ballads of Heinrich Heine (1881)—were cosmopolitan in flavour, sometimes technically excellent, but lacking in real distinction.
      About 1881, with the wave of immigration to the United States from European and Russian ghettoes, Lazarus took up the defense of persecuted Jews and of Judaism and began to work for the relief of immigrants. She published numerous essays in the Century and the weekly American Hebrew on the pogroms and persecutions and the often equivocal attitude of the Christian West. She was an early advocate of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. In 1882 she produced Songs of a Semite, which included such powerful pieces as “The Dance to Death,” “The Banner of the Jew,” and “The Crowing of the Red Cock.” Her sonnet “The New Colossus” was chosen to be inscribed on the base of the Statue of Liberty, the monument it celebrates, and it remains a most moving and eloquent expression of an American ideal: “Give me your tired, your poor,” the sonnet concludes, “Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. / Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, / I lift my lamp beside the golden door!”
      Lazarus's last book, a series of prose poems published under the title By the Waters of Babylon, appeared in 1887.
Additional Reading
Dan Vogel, Emma Lazarus (1980); and Bette Roth Young, Emma Lazarus in Her World: Life and Letters (1995), are accounts of her life and work.
* * *
Question:
Poetess Emma Lazarus was born on July 22, 1849 in New York City, and is best known for her poem The New Colossus, which is prominently displayed where?
Answer:
The base of the Statue of Liberty
Passage:
Gruyère cheese
Gruyère ( or;, German: Greyerzer) is a hard yellow cheese, named after the town of Gruyères in Switzerland, and originated in the cantons of Fribourg, Vaud, Neuchâtel, Jura, and Berne. Before 2001, when Gruyère gained the appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC, now AOP) status as a Swiss cheese, some controversy existed whether French cheeses of a similar nature could also be labelled Gruyère (French Gruyère style cheeses include Comté and Beaufort).

Gruyère is sweet but slightly salty, with a flavor that varies widely with age. It is often described as creamy and nutty when young, becoming more assertive, earthy, and complex as it matures.  When fully aged (five months to a year) it tends to have small cracks which impart a slightly grainy texture.

Uses

Gruyère cheese is generally known as one of the finest cheeses for baking, having a distinctive but not overpowering taste. In quiche, Gruyère adds savoriness without overshadowing the other ingredients. It is a good melting cheese,  particularly suited for fondues, along with Vacherin and Emmental. It is also traditionally used in French onion soup, as well as in croque-monsieur, a classic French toasted ham and cheese sandwich. Gruyère is also used in chicken and veal cordon bleu. It is a fine table cheese, and when grated, it is often used with salads and pastas. It is used, grated, atop le tourin, a type of garlic soup from France which is served on dried bread. White wines, such as Riesling, pair well with Gruyère. Sparkling apple cider and Bock beer are also beverage affinities.

Production

To make Gruyère, raw milk is heated to 34 °C in a copper vat, and then curdled by the addition of liquid rennet. The curd is cut up into pea sized pieces and stirred, releasing whey. The curd is cooked at 43 °C, and raised quickly to 54 °C.

The whey is strained, and the curds placed into molds to be pressed. After salting in brine and smearing with bacteria,  the cheese is ripened for two months at room temperature, generally on wooden boards, turning every couple of days to ensure even moisture distribution. Gruyère can be cured for 3 to 10 months, with long curing producing a cheese of intense flavor.

Gruyère in Switzerland

In 2001, Gruyère gained the Appellation d'origine contrôlée status. Since then the production and the maturation is defined in the Swiss law, and all Swiss Gruyère producers must follow these rules. To be accepted throughout Europe as an AOC, the "Interprofession du Gruyère" in Switzerland plans to make a transnational AOC with the French producers of Gruyère.

Gruyère around the world

Gruyère-style cheeses are very popular in Greece, where the local varieties are known as γραβιέρα (graviéra).  Some Greek gruyères come from San Michálē (Αγίου Μιχάλη, "St. Michael's") from the island of Syros in the Cyclades, the Naxian varieties, that tend to be milder and more sweet and various graviéras from Crete.

Gruyère-style cheeses are also produced in the United States, Wisconsin having the largest output.

Affinage

An important and the longest part of the production of the Le Gruyere Switzerland AOC is the "affinage" (French for maturation).

According to the AOC, the cellars to mature a Swiss Gruyère must have a climate close to that of a natural cave. This means that the humidity should be between 94% to 98%. If the humidity is lower, the cheese dries out. If the humidity is too high, the cheese does not mature and becomes smeary and gluey. The temperature of the caves should be between 13 °C and 14 °C. This relatively high temperature is required for excellent quality cheese. Lower quality cheeses result from temperatures between 10 °C and 12 °C. The lower the temperature is, the less the cheese matures, resulting in a texture that is harder and more crumbly.

Varieties

Le Gruyère Switzerland AOC has many different varieties, with different aged profiles, and an organic version of the cheese is also sold. There is a special variety that is produced only in summer on the Swiss Alps: the Le Gruyère Switzerland AOC Alpage.

Generally, one can distinguish the following age profiles.

*mild/doux: min. 5 months old
*réserve: min. 10 months old

In Switzerland, many other age profiles can be found, including surchoix, vieux, salé, and Höhlengereift (cave aged), but these age profiles are not part of the AOC.

The French Le Brouère cheese, made in nearby Vosges, is considered a variant of Gruyère. 

Le Gruyère AOP Premier Cru

Le Gruyère Premier Cru is a special variety, produced and matured exclusively in the canton of Fribourg and matured for 14 months in humid caves with a humidity of 95% and a temperature of . 

It is the only cheese that has won the title of best cheese of the world at the World Cheese Awards in London five times: in 1992, 2002, 2005, 2006 and 2015.
Question:
What is the country of origin of Gruyere cheese?
Answer:
ISO 3166-1:CH
Passage:
By-product
A by-product is a secondary product derived from a manufacturing process or chemical reaction. It is not the primary product or service being produced. In the context of production, a by-product is the 'output from a joint production process that is minor in quantity and/or net realizable value (NRV) when compared to the main products'.  Because they are deemed to have no influence on reported financial results, by-products do not receive allocations of joint costs. By-products also by convention are not inventoried, but the NRV from by-products is typically recognized as 'other income' or as a reduction of joint production processing costs when the by-product is produced.  A by-product can be useful and marketable or it can be considered waste.

IEA offers the following definition for the purpose of life-cycle assessment: 
... main products, co-products (which involve similar revenues to the main product), by-products (which result in smaller revenues), and waste products (which provide little or no revenue).

Major by-products

Animal sources

*blood meal – from slaughterhouse operations
*poultry by-product meal – clean parts of the carcass of slaughtered poultry, such as necks, feet, undeveloped eggs, and intestines
*chrome shavings – from a stage of leather manufacture
*collagen and gelatin – from the boiled skin and other parts of slaughtered livestock
*feathers – from poultry processing
**feather meal – from poultry processing
*fetal pigs
*lanolin – from the cleaning of wool
*leather - hides and skins from slaughterhouse operations processed via the leathermaking process
*manure – from animal husbandry
*meat and bone meal – from the rendering of animal bones and offal
*poultry litter – swept from the floors of chicken coops
*whey – from cheese manufacturing

Vegetation

*acidulated soap stock – from the refining of vegetable oil
*bagasse – the fibrous residue remaining after sugarcane or sorghum stalks are crushed to extract their juice
*black liquor from the production of cellulose pulp using the kraft process
*bran and germ – from the milling of whole grains into refined grains
*brewer's yeast – from ethanol fermentation
*cereal food fines – from breakfast cereal processing
*corn steep liquor – from corn wet-milling
*distillers grains – from ethanol fermentation
*glycerol – from the production of biodiesel
*grape seed oil – recovered from leftovers of the winemaking process
*molasses – from sugar refining
*orange oil and other citrus oils – recovered from the peels of processed fruit
*pectin – recovered from the remains of processed fruit
*sawdust and bark – from the processing of logs into lumber
*soybean meal – from soybean processing
*stover – residual plant matter after harvesting of cereals
*straw – from grain harvesting
*tall oil from the production of cellulose pulp using the Kraft process
*vinasse – from the fermentation of sugar to ethanol fuel

Minerals and petrochemicals

*asphalt – from the refining of crude oil
*fly ash – from the combustion of coal
*slag – from ore refining
*gypsum – from flue-gas desulfurization
*helium - from natural gas extraction
*ash and smoke – from the combustion of fuel
*mineral oil – from refining crude oil to produce gasoline
*salt – from desalination
*Molybdenum – from copper extraction

Other

*sludge – from wastewater treatment
*waste heat - from electricity production and usage
*carbon dioxide - process of burning
Question:
A viscous byproduct from its manufacture, what is the syrup drained from raw sugar called?
Answer:
Blackstrap
Passage:
Opera Babes
The Opera Babes are a crossover classical music duo, consisting of Karen England (born 1974), mezzo-soprano, and Rebecca Knight (born 1970), soprano.

The duo came to wide attention when they sang "Un bel dì vedremo" (from the opera Madame Butterfly) on television sports programmes, beginning in 2002.  In addition to performing with major orchestras in Britain and touring with their own shows, they released their first album, Beyond Imagination in 2002 and their second album, Renaissance, in 2006.

Background and history

The Opera Babes met in Cambridge while performing Mozart's The Magic Flute in a touring opera company.   England studied at Leeds University and London's Guildhall School of Music and Drama.  Knight, whose mother is the opera singer Gillian Knight, wrote for children's television early in her career.  Both women have performed with the English touring company Opera della Luna and at the International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival.  They began busking together in 2001 on London's Covent Garden, where they were first spotted and were signed for their first album by Sony.  They became famous for singing "Un bel dì vedremo" ("One fine day we shall see" from the opera Madame Butterfly), the song that ITV used for their World Cup 2002 programmes, at the FA Cup final and at the UEFA Champions League final in Milan.  Knight explained the group's strategy to BBC News as follows: "[W]e have tried to maintain the classical integrity while making these things more appealing to a wider audience." 

The Opera Babes released their first album, Beyond Imagination in 2002 (ranking No. 1 on the UK Classical Chart for eleven weeks, and No. 4 on the US Billboard Classical Crossover Albums chart.  In addition to the "One Fine Day" track being selected as the World Cup 2002 theme by ITV, British Airways chose another of the tracks, "Lakme H2O", a "stylish re-imagining of the Flower Duet from Lakmé", for a commercial.  One reviewer wrote: "If you're a young individual with a remote interest in the classical genre, this disc is the perfect introduction".  The album has sold over 1.7 million copies.[http://www.operababes.com/#!__about About], Operababes.com, accessed 3 January 2013 The artists soon had a falling out with their producer, SonyBMG, which asked them to concentrate on studio work, rather than performing live.  "We were originally discovered busking ... so I would have thought it was obvious that we loved performing live, yet Sony weren't interested", said Karen England.[http://www.yourlocalguardian.co.uk/display.var.922353.0.0.php Guardian article], 2006

The Opera Babes have performed in concert with orchestras such as the Philharmonia, the Halle, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, the BBC Concert Orchestra, the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, the London Symphony Orchestra, and the Berlin Symphony Orchestra, among others.  They also performed for Queen Elizabeth II at the Festival of Remembrance at the Royal Albert Hall, the launch of the Commonwealth Games at Buckingham Palace, and Proms at the Palace for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations.  They have also performed at the Los Angeles Opera House with Plácido Domingo, and were the first British classical act to perform in Las Vegas.[http://www.soschildrensvillages.org.uk/sos-childrens-charity/our-friends/ SOS Children's Celebrity Supporters], accessed 26 June 2009 In 2003 they performed Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" with Andre Rieu.  They have performed on GMTV, Des & Mel, Good Morning America and Fox and Friends.  The Opera Babes have also been the subject of three UK documentaries for ITV and one US documentary for CBS. Since 2005, the Opera Babes have been Ambassadors of SOS Children's Villages, an international orphan charity providing homes and mothers for orphaned and abandoned children.

The Opera Babes' second album, Renaissance, another classical and "crossover" collection, was released in 2006 on the independent label, Instant Karma UK.  Swansea's Home Front magazine wrote, "Renaissance is really superb.  Tracks include 'Casta Diva' [from the opera Norma], 'Pie Jesu,' 'Clair de Lune', and Stephen Sondheim's 'Send in the Clowns'....  If you only buy one classical album, buy this one!"  The Opera Babes' 2006 "Renaissance" concert toured songs from both of their albums performed with multi-media special effects and visuals, as well as dancers costumed by designer Elizabeth Emanuel.  In December 2006, they were featured on the UK's Songs of Praise programme recorded at Lichfield Cathedral.  In the spring of 2007, they continued to tour in the UK and the US, and then the group took a break while Karen England had a baby.  The group resumed touring in 2008.  After this tour, the duo performed on cruise ships, among other venues.

In 2012, the group released its third album, Silent Noon, named after the song by Ralph Vaughan Williams, on the Warner Classics label.  The album consists of British songs, from Handel and Purcell, to Quilter, to Britten and Novello, accompanied by piano.  The Allmusic review commented that the duo's "calling card was the blend of their remarkably similar voices, and that's intact here. Yet an upbeat number or two wouldn't have been out of order". 

Recordings

*Beyond Imagination (Audio CD – 2002) Sony. Billboard 200 #199;  UK #24;  No. 1 on the UK Classical Chart; and No. 4 on the US Billboard Classical Crossover Albums chart
*Renaissance (Audio – CD 2006) Instant Karma UK
*Silent Noon (Audio – CD 2012) Warner Classics
Question:
"In 2001, Karen England and Rebecca Knight, found busking in Covent Garden to support singing lessons, were invited to perform at the FA Cup Final & the UEFA Champions League final in Milan. Their album ""Beyond Imagination"" was #1 in the UK Classical Charts for 11 weeks and #4 in the USA. What are they better known as?"
Answer:
Rebecca Knight
Passage:
Queen of Puddings
Queen of Puddings is a traditional British dessert, consisting of a baked, breadcrumb-thickened mixture, spread with jam and topped with meringue.  Similar recipes are called Monmouth Pudding and Manchester Pudding.

History

Variant forms of puddings made with breadcrumbs boiled with milk can be found dating back to the seventeenth century. The Closet Opened was posthumously published in 1699 by a servant and his son and in it Sir Kenelm Digby talks of many puddings including one that involves soaking bread in milk.  There was a whole variety of puddings that could be made using the remains of some bread and some warm milk.  A Monmouth Pudding is said to consist of layers of meringue, jam or seasonal fruit and bread soaked in milk, whilst Manchester Pudding is similar but contains egg yolks (but some have speculated that this name was just a synonym for the Queen of Puddings). Typical recipes for modern Queen of Puddings can be found in many post-war British cookbooks, such as those of Marguerite Patten, Delia Smith  and Jane Grigson.

Generic method

Milk and lemon zest are heated to boiling in a saucepan. Sugar, butter and breadcrumbs are mixed into the hot milk, which is allowed to cool. Egg yolks and a whole egg are beaten into this mixture, which is transferred into a deep pie dish then baked in a bain-marie until set.

The firm, brownish base is then spread with jam — usually raspberry or blackcurrant — and a meringue mix made from the reserved egg whites is spooned over the jam. The pudding is returned to the oven and baked until the  meringue is golden, but still soft. The pudding is eaten hot.
Question:
The traditional Queen of Puddings dessert typically comprises a bread/egg/jam base topped with what
Answer:
Meringue cake
Passage:
Gary Kemp
Gary James Kemp   (born 16 October 1959) is an English pop musician and actor who is the guitar player and chief songwriter for the 1980s new wave band Spandau Ballet. His brother, Martin Kemp, plays bass guitar in the band. Gary Kemp also provided backing vocals on many of the tracks to lead singer Tony Hadley.

Early life

Kemp was born of parents Eileen and Frank Kemp in St Bartholomew's Hospital,  Smithfield, London, and grew up in Islington, London, in a working class family. He attended Rotherfield Junior School and Dame Alice Owen's school in Potters Bar. He was active in the Anna Scher Children's Theatre drama club,  along with his brother, Martin. In 1968 he began appearing in TV and film, including a role in the 1972 film Hide & Seek, alongside Roy Dotrice.

Kemp eventually decided to concentrate on a career in music, and in the late 1970s, he formed a band called The Cut with school friends.  The band became The Makers and The Gentry, and was eventually renamed Spandau Ballet.

Spandau Ballet

After recording Spandau Ballet's final album, Heart Like a Sky, Kemp and his brother returned to acting. He earned criticism from his fellow band members, Tony Hadley, Steve Norman and John Keeble, but received good reviews for his performance as Ronnie Kray in The Krays (1990).  The success of this film was the death-knell for Spandau Ballet.

In 1999, Hadley, Norman and Keeble attempted to sue Kemp for alleged unpaid royalties.  They claimed that an agreement had existed between Kemp and the rest of the band, whereby Kemp, who was the main songwriter in the band, would pay his bandmates a share of the royalties earned. The claims were vigorously denied by Kemp, and Hadley, Norman and Keeble subsequently lost their court case.  Although initially vowing to appeal the verdict, they later decided against this. 

In 2004 Kemp made an attempt to reform Spandau Ballet. In early 2009, newspaper reports claimed that the band was set to reform later that year.    The rumours were confirmed by the band at a press conference held on board HMS Belfast in London on 25 March 2009. In 2012, Kemp's songwriting for Spandau Ballet was recognised with an Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Song Collection. 

Later career

Kemp released a solo album entitled Little Bruises in 1995, followed by a tour of the UK and Ireland. He has written songs with a number of other writers for other artists, although few of them have actually been recorded and released. Two of his songs appeared on the debut album by American soap star Jacob Young in 2001.  Since 1995, Kemp has continued acting, taking the role of 'Serge' in the West End production of Art in 2001, film roles in Dog Eat Dog, Poppies and American Daylight, and TV roles in Murder in Mind, Murder Investigation Team, and Casualty.

Kemp wrote music and additional lyrics with Guy Pratt for the musical production Bedbug, which was performed in a variety of venues during the Shell Connections Youth Drama Festival in 2004, and has written a musical, also with Pratt, entitled A Terrible Beauty, based on the life of W. B. Yeats and Maud Gonne.  

In January 2008, Kemp appeared on a celebrity special of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? with his brother Martin to raise awareness of and funds for the Encephalitis Society. In March 2008, Kemp starred in a low-budget 20-minute short film directed by his brother Martin, entitled Karma Magnet.  This was only released on the internet.

On 28 March 2011, Kemp lent his support to the British Music Experience charity, by holding an "in conversation" session with an audience of 80 people.  During a 90-minute interview, he performed several songs acoustically, including "True" and "Gold". He also entertained questions from the audience, revealing that a couple of the songs he would like to have written himself were "Shipbuilding" and "Alison" by Elvis Costello.

Since 2012, Kemp has been the Chair of the 400th Anniversary Celebration Committee of his old school, Dame Alice Owen's.  

Personal life

Kemp was married to actress Sadie Frost with whom he had one son, Finlay Munro (born 1990). The couple divorced in 1995. In 2003 Kemp married costume designer Lauren Barber, with whom he has three sons, Milo Wolf, born in 2004, Kit, born in 2009, and Rex, born in 2012. 

Kemp is an atheist   and a staunch supporter of the Labour Party. He was a member of Red Wedge in the 1980s. 

Filmography

Selected films include:
* Hide & Seek (1972)
* The Krays (1990)
* The Bodyguard (1992)
* Paper Marriage (1992)
* The Larry Sanders Show (1993)
* Killing Zoe (1994)
* Magic Hunter (1994)
* Dog Eat Dog (2001)
* American Daylight (2004)
* Poppies (2006)
* A Voice From Afar (2006)
* Lewis (2012)
* Assassin (2015)

Literature

Kemp has released an autobiography:

*
Question:
Who was married to Spandau Ballet's Gary Kemp and later to Jude Law?
Answer:
Sadie Vaughan
Passage:
Heptathlon
A heptathlon is a track and field combined events contest made up of seven events. The name derives from the Greek hepta (seven) and athlon (contest). A competitor in a heptathlon is referred to as a heptathlete.

There are two heptathlons – the women's heptathlon and the men's – composed of different events. The men's heptathlon is older and is held indoors, while the women's is held outdoors and was introduced in the 1980s, first appearing in the Olympics in 1984.

Women's heptathlon

Women's heptathlon is the combined event for women contested in the Athletics program of the Olympics and in the IAAF World Championships in Athletics. The IAAF World Combined Events Challenge determines a yearly women's heptathlon champion. The women's outdoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and the remaining three on day two:

* 100 metres hurdles
* High jump
* Shot put
* 200 metres
* Long jump
* Javelin throw 
* 800 metres

The heptathlon has been contested by female athletes since the early 1980s, when it replaced the pentathlon as the primary women's combined event contest (the javelin throw and 800 m were added).  It was first contested at the Olympic level in the 1984 Summer Olympics. In recent years some women's decathlon competitions have been conducted, consisting of the same events as the men's competition in a slightly different order, and the IAAF has begun keeping records for it, but the heptathlon remains the championship-level combined event for women. Jessica Ennis-Hill, representing Great Britain, is the 2012 Olympic Gold Medallist and the current World Champion.

There is also a Tetradecathlon, which is a double heptathlon, consisting of 14 events, seven events per day.

Points system

The heptathlon scoring system was devised by Dr Karl Ulbrich, a Viennese mathematician. The formulae are constructed so that, for each event, a designated "standard" performance (for example, approximately 1.82 m for the high jump) scores 1000 points.  Each event also has a minimum recordable performance level (e.g. 0.75 m for the high jump), corresponding to zero points. The formulae are devised so that successive constant increments in performance correspond to gradually increasing increments in points awarded.

The events are split into three groups, and the scores are calculated according to the three formulae: 

Running events (200 m, 800 m and 100 m hurdles):
:P = a \cdot (b - T)^c
Jumping events (high jump and long jump):
:P = a \cdot (M - b)^c
Throwing events (shot put and javelin):
:P = a \cdot (D - b)^c

P is for points, T is for time in seconds, M is for height or length in centimeters and D is length in meters. a, b and c have different values for each of the events (see table).

Benchmarks

The following table shows the benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Women's world records compared to heptathlon bests

Men's heptathlon

 

The other version is an indoor competition, normally contested by men only. It is the men's combined event in the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics. The men's indoor heptathlon consists of the following events, with the first four contested on the first day, and remaining three on day two:

* 60 metres
* long jump
* shot put
* high jump
* 60 metres hurdles
* pole vault
* 1000 metres

The scoring is similar for both versions. In each event, the athlete scores points for his/her performance in each event according to scoring tables issued by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).  The athlete accumulating the highest number of points wins the competition.

Benchmarks

The following table shows the minimum benchmark levels required to earn 1000 points in each event of the heptathlon:

Men's world records compared to heptathlon bests

All-time top 25 athletes

Women

* 

Notes

Below is a list of all other scores equal or superior to 6875 points.
*Jackie Joyner-Kersee also scored 7215 (1988), 7158 (1986), 7148 (1986), 7128 (1987), 7044 (1992), 6979 (1987), 6910 (1986), 6878 (1991)
*Carolina Kluft also scored 7001 (2003), 6952 (2004), 6887 (2005)
*Jessica Ennis also scored 6906 (2012)
*Sabine John (Paetz) also scored 6897 (1988)
*Larisa Nikitina also scored 6875 (1989)

Men

* 

Medalists

Women's Olympic medalists

Women's World Championships medalists

Men's World Indoor Championships medalists

Season's bests

Women's heptathlon

Men's indoor heptathlon

National records

Women's heptathlon

* As of July 2016
Question:
A heptathlon is an athletic contest of how many separate events?
Answer:
Seven
Passage:
Cheriton, Kent
Cheriton is a northern suburb of Folkestone in Kent that is the location of the English terminal of the Channel Tunnel and of the major army barracks of Shorncliffe Camp.

History 

The coastal plain where the North Downs meet the Strait of Dover has been of strategic importance since ancient times. Portus Lemanis was a major Roman harbour, overlooked by a fort near where Lympne Castle now stands. The Normans built Folkestone Castle on a spur of Cheriton Hill. The church of St Martin dates back to Saxon times and the name Cheriton means "Church Farm".

The British government purchased a large piece of land at Shorncliffe in 1794 and fortified it in preparation for the expected French invasion. Shorncliffe Redoubt is significant as the birthplace of modern infantry tactics. A Royal Commission was set up in 1859 during another invasion panic, which led to the construction of the Palmerston Forts and Shorncliffe Army Camp.

The Army presence led to a dramatic growth of Cheriton in the second half of the 19th century. This led to the distinction being lost between Cheriton and Folkestone, whose expansion was funnelled westward by the escarpment of the Downs.

Construction of the Channel Tunnel began in 1988 and it opened in 1994. The passenger terminal is wedged between the Downs and the M20 motorway just west of Castle Hill, and freight trains are marshalled at Dollands Moor Freight Yard further west.

Government 

Cheriton was a civil parish in its own right, and part of Elham Rural District from 1894 to 1898, when it became a separate urban district.  This was abolished in 1934 under a County Review Order, and divided between Folkestone and Hythe.

Geography 

Cheriton sits on a level shelf halfway up the escarpment of Folkestone Downs, between Cheriton Hill on the landward side and Sandgate Hill going down to the sea. The Folkestone Downs are the southern end of the North Downs, a low range of chalk hills running from London to the White Cliffs of Dover. The Seabrook Stream flows through the west of the district, cutting a scenic valley between Dibgate Camp and St Martin's Plain.

Demography 

The population in 1851 was 1,658, which by 1861 had grown to 7,434 – of whom 4,204 were military in Shorncliffe Camp.  the Royal Gurkha Rifles occupy Shorncliffe Camp so Nepali people make up a large part of the population.

Economy 

The local economy is dominated by the barracks and Channel Tunnel terminal.

Culture and community 

The Folkestone & Hythe Operatic & Dramatic Society bought the garrison church in 2001 and converted it into the Tower Theatre. There is a branch library in the High Street. 

Landmarks 

The Folkestone White Horse overlooks Cheriton from the Downs north of the Channel Tunnel terminal. The earthworks of Folkestone Castle are just to the east.

Transport 

Cheriton Halt railway station on the South Eastern Main Line served the village between 1908 and 1947. It was just east of the bridge on Risborough Lane. The Elham Valley Way is a long-distance path that runs between Cheriton and Sandgate on its way up to Canterbury.

Stagecoach in East Kent operates local bus services to Canterbury every hour or to the town centre of Folkestone up to every 8 minutes.

Education 

Pent Valley Technology College is one of the main secondary schools in Shepway.

Religious sites 

There were four churches in the Benefice of Cheriton, which comes under the Deanery of Elham. The church of St Martin is very ancient, the base of the thirteenth-century tower may have been a Saxon porch. The decorative arcading in the chancel is made of Bethersden marble and is very finely carved. The churchyard contains the grave of shipping reformer Samuel Plimsoll (whose gravestone bears the Plimsoll line), and, among many military burials, 24 CWGC-registered war graves, with all three armed forces represented, 15 from World War I (Major-General Hubert Hamilton being the first and highest-ranking of the latter) and nine from World War II. The church gives its name to the military training area of St Martin's Plain and now serves Shorncliffe Camp.

All Souls church was built in response to the population growth of the late 19th century. The old parish was split along the railway embankment, with the parish of Cheriton Street being formed north of the line. A farmer's widow, Mrs Thompson, died in 1887 leaving a plot of land on the High Street and a bequest of £10,000 for the construction of a church. All Souls was designed by Ewan Christian and consecrated on 3 January 1895.

St. Nicholas is a small rural church in the outlying village of Newington. The barracks had the largest garrison church in Britain but in 2001 it was sold for conversion into a theatre (see above). The three active churches are served by Revd Hilary Jones, who lives in St Martin's Rectory, Horn Street. 

Cheriton Baptist Church is just along the High Street from All Souls. St Joseph's Catholic Church is between the two, on Ashley Avenue.

Sport 

Cheriton Bowls Club has a 6-rink green on Weymouth Road.  Kent first played cricket against Sussex on the Sandgate Hill Ground in 1862, but the last match recorded there was in 1870. Its location is uncertain, but it was probably lost to the housing developments east of where Folkestone School for Girls and Sandgate Primary School are today.

Notable people 

Odo of Cheriton (c.1185 – 1246/47) was a preacher and fabulist who in 1233 inherited land in Cheriton, Rochester and elsewhere from his father, James William of Cheriton. Samuel Plimsoll, the man who gave his name to the Plimsoll line used to indicate the limit of a ship's load, is buried in St Martin's churchyard, as is judge and politician Sir James Knight-Bruce.
Question:
What starts at Cheriton and ends at Sangatte?
Answer:
Early Conceptions of the Channel Tunnel
Passage:
Tui (bird)
The tui (Prosthemadera novaeseelandiae) is an endemic passerine bird of New Zealand. It is one of the largest members of the diverse honeyeater family. The name tui is from the Māori name tūī and is the species' formal common name. The plural is tui in modern English, or ngā tūī in Māori usage;  some speakers still use the '-s' suffix to produce the Anglicised form tuis to indicate plurality, but this practice is becoming less common.   The early European colonists called it the parson bird,  but, as with many New Zealand birds, the Maori name tui is now the common name and the English term is archaic. 

Description

At first glance the bird appears completely black except for a small tuft of white feathers at its neck and a small white wing patch, causing it to resemble a parson in clerical attire. On closer inspection (see image) it can be seen that tui have brown feathers on the back and flanks, a multicoloured iridescent sheen that varies with the angle from which the light strikes them, and a dusting of small, white-shafted feathers on the back and sides of the neck that produce a lacy collar.

Distribution and habitat

Tui are found through much of New Zealand, particularly the North Island, the west and south coasts of the South Island, Stewart Island/Rakiura and the Chatham Islands—where an endangered sub-species particular to these islands exists. Other populations live on Raoul Island in the Kermadecs,  and in the Auckland Islands (where, with the New Zealand bellbird, it is the most southerly species of honeyeater).  Populations have declined considerably since European settlement, mainly as a result of widespread habitat destruction and predation by mammalian invasive species.

Nonetheless, the species is considered secure and has made recoveries in some areas, particularly after removal of livestock has allowed vegetation to recover. Predation by introduced species remains a threat, particularly stoats, the common myna (which compete with tui for food and sometimes takes eggs), and rats.

Tui prefer broadleaf forests below 1500 metres, but will tolerate quite small remnant patches, regrowth, exotic plantations and well-vegetated suburbs. They are one of the most common birds found in urban Wellington. They are usually seen singly, in pairs, or in small family groups, but will congregate in large numbers at suitable food sources, often in company with silvereyes, bellbirds, or kererū (New Zealand wood pigeon) in any combination. Generally, when interspecific competition for the same food resources among New Zealand's three species of honeyeater occurs, there is a hierarchy with the tui at the top, then bellbirds and stitchbirds successively subordinate to the species above them—they are thus frequently chased off by tui at a food source such as a flowering flax plant.

Behaviour and ecology

Male tui can be extremely aggressive, chasing all other birds (large and small) from their territory with loud flapping and sounds akin to rude human speech. This is especially true of other tui when possession of a favoured feeding tree is impinged. Birds will often erect their body feathers in order to appear larger in an attempt to intimidate a rival. They have even been known to mob harriers and magpies.

The powered flight of tui is quite loud as they have developed short wide wings, giving excellent maneuverability in the dense forest they prefer, but requiring rapid flapping. They can be seen to perform a mating display of rising at speed in a vertical climb in clear air, before stalling and dropping into a powered dive, then repeating. Much of this behaviour is more notable during the breeding season of early spring—September and October. Females alone build nests of twigs, grasses and mosses.

Feeding

Nectar is the normal diet but fruit and insects are frequently eaten, and pollen and seeds more occasionally. Particularly popular is the New Zealand flax, whose nectar sometimes ferments, resulting in the tui flying in a fashion that suggests that they might be drunk. They are the main pollinators of flax, kowhai, kaka beak and some other plants. Note that the flowers of the three plants mentioned are similar in shape to the tui's beak—a vivid example of mutualistic coevolution. 

Songs and calls

Tui are considered to be very intelligent, much like parrots.  They also resemble parrots in their ability to clearly imitate human speech,  and were trained by Māori to replicate complex speech.  Tui are also known for their noisy, unusual call, different for each individual, that combine bellbird-like notes with clicks, cackles, timber-like creaks and groans, and wheezing sounds. Songbirds have two voiceboxes  and this is what enables them to perform such a myriad of vocalisations. Tui song also exhibits geographical, microgeographic, seasonal, sex and individual variation.    

Some of the wide range of tui sounds are beyond the human register. Watching a tui sing, one can observe gaps in the sound when the beak is agape and throat tufts throbbing. However, ongoing research has so far failed to detect ultrasound within tui vocalisations. Tui will also sing at night, especially around the full moon period.
Question:
The tui and the weka are birds native to which country?
Answer:
N Z
Passage:
Oak Apple Day
Oak Apple Day or Royal Oak Day was a formal public holiday celebrated in England on 29 May to commemorate the restoration of the English monarchy, in May 1660. In some parts of the country the day is still celebrated and has also been known as Shick Shack Day, Oak and Nettle Day,Hole, Christina (1978). A Dictionary of British Folk Customs, pp114–115, Paladin Granada, ISBN 0-586-08293-X or Arbor Tree Day.

In 1660, Parliament declared 29 May a public holiday, "to be for ever kept as a day of thanksgiving for our redemption from tyranny and the King's return to his Government, he entering London that day." 

The public holiday, Oak Apple Day, was formally abolished in 1859, but the date retains some significance in local or institutional customs. It is, for example, kept as Founder's Day in the Royal Hospital Chelsea (founded by Charles II in 1681).

Ceremonies

Traditional celebrations to commemorate the event often entailed the wearing of oak apples (a type of plant gall, possibly known in some parts of the country as a "shick-shack") or sprigs of oak leaves, in reference to the occasion after the Battle of Worcester in September 1651, when Charles II escaped the Roundhead army by hiding in an oak tree near Boscobel House. Anyone who failed to wear a sprig of oak risked being pelted with bird's eggs or thrashed with nettles. In Sussex, those not wearing oak were liable to be pinched, giving rise to the unofficial name of "Pinch-bum Day"; similarly it was known as "Bumping Day" in Essex. 

In Upton Grey, after the church bells had been rung at 6 a.m. the bell-ringers used to place a large branch of oak over the church porch, and another over the lych gate. Smaller branches were positioned in the gateway of every house to ensure good luck for the rest of the year. 

These ceremonies, which have now largely died out, are perhaps continuations of pre-Christian nature worship. The Garland King who rides through the streets of Castleton, Derbyshire, at the head of a procession, completely disguised in a garland of flowers, which is later affixed to a pinnacle on the parish church tower, can have little connection with the Restoration, even though he dresses in Stuart costume. He is perhaps a kind of Jack in the Green and the custom may have transferred from May Day when such celebrations were permitted again after having been banned by the Puritans.

Modern events

Events still take place at Upton-upon-Severn, Aston on Clun in Shropshire, Marsh Gibbon in Buckinghamshire, Great Wishford in Wiltshire when villagers gather wood in Grovely Wood, and Membury in Devon. The day is generally marked by re-enactment activities at Moseley Old Hall, one of the houses where Charles II hid in 1651.

Fownhope, Hereford have an on-going tradition in the celebration of Oak Apple Day. The Fownhope Heart of Oak Society organize an annual event, where members of the society gather at the local pub and march through the village holding flower and oak leaf decorated sticks, whilst following the society banner and a brass band. The march goes first to the church for a service, and then to houses who host refreshments. The Heart of Oak Society was previously a friendly society, but had to reform in 1989 to keep the tradition going. Although Oak Apple Day celebrations have decreased in popularity and knowledge, Fownhope has managed to keep the event going, increasing in popularity and turn-out every year.

At All Saints' Church, Northampton a statue of Charles II is wreathed at Noon every Oak Apple Day, followed by a celebration of the Holy Communion according to the Book of Common Prayer.

At some Oxford and Cambridge colleges a toast is still drunk to celebrate Oak Apple Day .

Oak Apple Day is also celebrated in the Cornish village of St Neot annually. The Vicar leads a procession through the village, he is followed by the Tower Captain holding the Oak bough. A large number of the villagers follow walking to the Church. A story of the history of the event is told and then the Vicar blesses the branch. The Tower Captain throws the old branch down from the top of the Tower and a new one is hauled to the top. Everyone is then invited to the Vicarage gardens for refreshments and a barbecue. Up to 12 noon villagers wear a sprig of "red" (new) oak and in the afternoon wear a sprig of "Boys Love" (Artemisia abrotanum); tradition dictates that the punishment for not doing this results in being stung by nettles.
Question:
During which month of the year is Oak Apple Day  (Royal Oak Day) celebrated?
Answer:
㋄
Passage:
All Star Comics
All Star Comics is a comic book series from All-American Publications, one of two companies that merged with National Periodical Publications to form the modern-day DC Comics. While the series' cover-logo trademark reads All Star Comics, its copyrighted title as indicated by postal indicia is All-Star Comics.  With the exception of the first two issues, All Star Comics told stories about the adventures of the Justice Society of America, the first team of superheroes, and introduced Wonder Woman.

Original series

The original concept for All Star Comics was an anthology title containing the most popular series from the other anthology titles published by both All-American Publications and National Comics. 

All Star Comics #1 (cover-dated Summer 1940) contained superhero stories that included All-American's Golden Age Flash, Hawkman, Ultra-Man, as well as National's Hour-Man, Spectre, and Sandman. The adventure strip "Biff Bronson" and the comedy-adventure "Red, White, and Blue" also premiered with the Summer 1940 cover date.

Issue #3 (Winter 1940-1941)   depicted the first meeting of the Justice Society of America, with its members swapping stories of their exploits which were subsequently illustrated in the comic's array of solo adventures. In addition to the Flash, Hawkman, Hour-Man, the Spectre, and the Sandman were Doctor Fate from National's More Fun Comics; and the Green Lantern and the Atom from All-American's flagship title All-American Comics.   The Justice Society of America (JSA) was originally a frame story used to present an anthology of solo stories about the individual characters, with each story handled by a different artist. Comic historian Les Daniels noted, "this was obviously a great notion, since it offered readers a lot of headliners for a dime, and also the fun of watching fan favorites interact."  The anthology format was dropped in 1947 and replaced with full issue stories featuring the heroes teaming up to fight crime.

All Star Comics 8 (January 1942) featured the first appearance of Wonder Woman in an eight-page story written by William Moulton Marston, under the pen name of "Charles Moulton" with art by H. G. Peter.  The insert story was included to test reader interest in the Wonder Woman concept. It generated enough positive fan response that Wonder Woman would be awarded the lead feature in the Sensation Comics anthology title starting from issue #1.  That same issue saw the induction of Doctor Mid-Nite and Starman as members of the Justice Society as well. Starting with issue #11, Wonder Woman would appear in All Star Comics as a member of the Justice Society as their secretary. 

With issue #34 (April–May 1947), Gardner Fox left the series and a new super-villain, the Wizard,  was introduced. The Injustice Society first battled the JSA in issue #37 in a tale written by Robert Kanigher.   The Black Canary guest starred in issue #38 and joined the team three issues later in #41.  

All Star Comics  increased its frequency from a quarterly to a bimonthly publication schedule, and the JSA lasted through March 1951 with issue #57 in a story titled "The Mystery of the Vanishing Detectives". 

Superhero comics slumped in the early 1950s, and All Star Comics was renamed All-Star Western in 1951 with issue #58.  In this issue, the "Justice Society of America" feature was replaced by Western heroes. 

Artwork from an unpublished All Star Comics story titled "The Will of William Wilson" survived and was reprinted in various publications from TwoMorrows Publishing. 

Revivals

1976 revival series

In 1976, the name All Star Comics was resurrected for a series portraying the modern-day adventures of the JSA. The new series dismissed the numbering from All-Star Western and continued the original numbering, premiering with All-Star Comics #58. Starting with issue #66, a hyphen was added to the title and the words "All-Star Comics" became a much smaller part of the cover; while the words "Justice Society" became much larger. The 1970s series introduced the new characters Power Girl   and the Helena Wayne version of the Huntress.  This series ran for seventeen issues before it was abruptly canceled with issue #74  as part of the DC Implosion and the JSA's adventures were folded into Adventure Comics. 

After 23-year-old Gerry Conway became an editor at DC Comics, long-time JSA-fan Roy Thomas suggested to Conway that the JSA be given their own title again. Conway offered Thomas a chance to ghostwrite an issue of the revived All-Star Comics, but he declined as Thomas was under an exclusive contract with Marvel Comics at the time.  However, in 1981 Thomas moved to DC and was able to work with the characters. 

Subsequent revivals

A two-issue All-Star Comics series was published as a part of the "Justice Society Returns" storyline in May 1999. 

Collected editions

* All Star Comics Archives:
** Volume 0 collects #1-2, 144 pages, March 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0791-X
** Volume 1 collects #3-6, 272 pages, 1992, ISBN 1-5638-9019-4
** Volume 2 collects #7-10, 256 pages, 1993, ISBN 0-9302-8912-9
** Volume 3 collects #11-14, 240 pages, November 1997, ISBN 1-5638-9370-3
** Volume 4 collects #15-18, 224 pages, December 1998, ISBN 1-5638-9433-5
** Volume 5 collects #19-23, 224 pages, December 1999, ISBN 1-5638-9497-1
** Volume 6 collects #24-28, 240 pages, October 2000, ISBN 1-5638-9636-2
** Volume 7 collects #29-33, 216 pages, July 2001, ISBN 1-5638-9720-2
** Volume 8 collects #34-38, 208 pages, August 2002, ISBN 1-5638-9812-8
** Volume 9 collects #39-43, 192 pages, August 2003, ISBN 1-4012-0001-X
** Volume 10 collects #44-49, 216 pages, August 2004, ISBN 1-4012-0159-8
** Volume 11 collects #50-57, 276 pages, March 2005, ISBN 1-4012-0403-1
* Justice Society
** Volume 1 collects #58-67 and DC Special #29, 224 pages, August 2006, ISBN 1-4012-0970-X
** Volume 2 collects #68-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 224 pages, February 2007, ISBN 1-4012-1194-1
* Showcase Presents: All-Star Comics collects issues #58-74 and Adventure Comics #461-466, 448 pages, September 2011, ISBN 1-4012-3303-1

Millennium Edition

In 2000 and 2001, DC Comics reprinted several of its most notable issues in the Millennium Edition series. All Star Comics #3 and #8 were reprinted in this format.
Question:
She and her alto egofirst appeared in 1941 in 'All Star Comics', the creation of Chester Gould. Who is she?
Answer:
Wonder-woman
Passage:
What is the particular appeal of this escapist poem, and ...
What is the particular appeal of this escapist poem, and what is the effect of the repetition of the line 'I will arise and go now'? "Lake Ilse of... | eNotes
September 5, 2012 at 8:48 PM
The particular appeal of the poem "The Lake Isle of Innisfree" by William Butler Yeats is the sense of freedom inherent in the poem through one withdrawing from society and living a life of solitude and seclusion with nature. This is appealing to many readers of the poem, especially when read against the backdrop of today's often hectic and chaotic society.
From the opening line of the poem it is evident to the reader that the writer has had enough of the society he is presently a part of; the line "I will arise and go now," indicates that it is time for the writer to make a change in their life situation. It is time for them to take action for their own health - their physical, mental, and spiritual health. Therefore, he will go now to Innisfree and live a life that is hopefully more content.
Contentment will come from working with the earth, and through enjoying and engaging the life forms that inhabit the earth. The writer has already made his plans that will contribute to an enhanced life:
     Nine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey-bee;
The goal of the writer is to live alone, which alludes to the idea that he has had enough of dealing with other human beings on a daily basis. Therefore, the appeal of this poem is inherent in the original question asked - escapism and escapist actions that will take him far from his usual environs, as well as family, friends, relatives, neighbors, co-workers, and acquaintances.
The poem is appealing because the writer is trying to achieve peace and he realizes that peace "comes dropping slow." Consequently, achieving peace is something that is often rare, and always worthwhile. Therefore it is something of value to people and worth sacrificing for, which in the case of this poem is the sacrificing of another way of life.
The effect of the repetition of the line "I will arise and go now" is that it is a hint of the writer's mortality and the proverbial march of time. He will arise and continue on with his life to its inevitable end. Life continues on as methodically and regularly as the lapping of water on the lake shore. The writer hears this water lapping and knows his life is progressing towards old age, if he isn't already old. The writer seeks peace and contentment in his golden years.
Question:
"According to the opening line of the poem by W.B. Yeats, ""I will arise now and go to"" ....where?"
Answer:
Innisfree (disambiguation)
Passage:
Potassium chlorate
Potassium chlorate is a compound containing potassium, chlorine and oxygen atoms, with the molecular formula KClO3. In its pure form, it is a white crystalline substance. It is the most common chlorate in industrial use. It is used
* as an oxidizing agent,
* to prepare oxygen,
* as a disinfectant,
* in safety matches,
* in explosives  and fireworks,
* in cultivation, forcing the blossoming stage of the longan tree, causing it to produce fruit in warmer climates. 

Production

On the industrial scale, potassium chlorate is produced by the Liebig process: passing chlorine into hot calcium hydroxide, subsequently adding potassium chloride: . 
6Ca(OH)2 + 6Cl2 -> Ca(ClO3)2 + 5CaCl2 + 6H2O
Ca(ClO3)2 + 2KCl -> 2KClO3 + CaCl2

The electrolysis of KCl in aqueous solution is also used sometimes, in which the chloride ions formed at the anode react with KOH in situ. The low solubility of KClO3 in water causes the salt to conveniently isolate itself from the reaction mixture by simply precipitating out of solution.

Potassium chlorate can be produced in small amounts by disproportionation in a sodium hypochlorite solution followed by metathesis reaction with potassium chloride: 
3 NaClO → 2NaCl + NaClO3
KCl + NaClO3 → NaCl + KClO3

It can also be produced by passing chlorine gas into a hot solution of caustic potash: 
3 Cl2(g) + 6 KOH(aq) → KClO3(aq) + 5 KCl(aq) + 3 H2O(l)

Uses

Potassium chlorate was one key ingredient in early firearms percussion caps (primers). It continues in that application, where not supplanted by potassium perchlorate.

Chlorate-based propellants are more efficient than traditional gunpowder and are less susceptible to damage by water. However, they can be extremely unstable in the presence of sulfur or phosphorus and are much more expensive. Chlorate propellants must be used only in equipment designed for them; failure to follow this precaution is a common source of accidents. Potassium chlorate, often in combination with silver fulminate, is used in trick noise-makers known as "crackers", "snappers", "pop-its", or "bang-snaps", a popular type of novelty firework.

Another application of potassium chlorate is as the oxidizer in a smoke composition such as that used in smoke grenades. Since 2005, a cartridge with potassium chlorate mixed with lactose and rosin is used for generating the white smoke signalling the election of new pope by a papal conclave. 

Potassium chlorate is often used in high school and college laboratories to generate oxygen gas.  It is a far cheaper source than a pressurized or cryogenic oxygen tank. Potassium chlorate readily decomposes if heated while in contact with a catalyst, typically manganese(IV) dioxide (MnO2). Thus, it may be simply placed in a test tube and heated over a burner. If the test tube is equipped with a one-holed stopper and hose, warm oxygen can be drawn off. The reaction is as follows:

2 KClO3(s) → 3 O2(g) + 2 KCl(s)

Heating it in the absence of a catalyst converts it into potassium perchlorate:
4 KClO3 → 3 KClO4 + KCl

With further heating, potassium perchlorate decomposes to potassium chloride and oxygen:
KClO4 → KCl + 2 O2

The safe performance of this reaction requires very pure reagents and careful temperature control. Molten potassium chlorate is an extremely powerful oxidizer and spontaneously reacts with many common materials such as sugar. Explosions have resulted from liquid chlorates spattering into the latex or PVC tubes of oxygen generators, as well as from contact between chlorates and hydrocarbon sealing greases. Impurities in potassium chlorate itself can also cause problems. When working with a new batch of potassium chlorate, it is advisable to take a small sample (~1 gram) and heat it strongly on an open glass plate. Contamination may cause this small quantity to explode, indicating that the chlorate should be discarded.

Potassium chlorate is used in chemical oxygen generators (also called chlorate candles or oxygen candles), employed as oxygen-supply systems of e.g. aircraft, space stations, and submarines, and has been responsible for at least one plane crash. A fire on the space station Mir was also traced to this substance. The decomposition of potassium chlorate was also used to provide the oxygen supply for limelights.

Potassium chlorate is used also as a pesticide. In Finland it was sold under trade name Fegabit.

Potassium chlorate can react with sulfuric acid to form a highly reactive solution of chloric acid and potassium sulfate:

2 KClO3 + H2SO4 → 2 HClO3 + K2SO4

The solution so produced is sufficiently reactive that it spontaneously ignites if combustible material (sugar, paper, etc.) is present.

In schools, molten potassium chlorate is used in the dramatic screaming jelly babies demonstration.

In chemical labs it is used to oxidize HCl and release small amounts of gaseous chlorine.

Insurgents in Afghanistan also use potassium chlorate extensively as a key component in the production of improvised explosive devices. When significant effort was made to reduce the availability of ammonium nitrate fertilizer in Afghanistan, IED makers started using potassium chlorate as a cheap and effective alternative. In 2013, 60% of IEDs in Afghanistan used potassium chlorate, making it the most common ingredient used in IEDs. 

Safety

Potassium chlorate should be handled with care. It reacts vigorously, and in some cases spontaneously ignites or explodes, when mixed with many combustible materials. It burns vigorously in combination with virtually any combustible material, even those normally only slightly flammable (including ordinary dust and lint). Mixtures of potassium chlorate and a fuel can ignite by contact with sulfuric acid, so it should be kept away from this reagent.
Sulfur should be avoided in pyrotechnic compositions containing potassium chlorate, as these mixtures are prone to spontaneous deflagration. Most sulfur contains trace quantities of sulfur-containing acids, and these can cause spontaneous ignition - "Flowers of sulfur" or "sublimed sulfur", despite the overall high purity, contains significant amounts of sulfur acids. Also, mixtures of potassium chlorate with any compound with ignition promoting properties (ex. antimony(III) sulfide) are very dangerous to prepare, as they are extremely shock sensitive.
Question:
What compound, KClO3, commonly features in the heads of safety matches?
Answer:
KCIO3
Passage:
Mellow Yellow
"Mellow Yellow" is a song written and recorded by Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.  It reached No. 2 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in 1966 and No. 8 in the UK in early 1967.

Content

The song was rumoured to be about smoking dried banana skins, which was believed to be a hallucinogenic drug in the 1960s, though this aspect of bananas has since been debunked.  According to Donovan's notes, accompanying the album Donovan's Greatest Hits, the rumour that one could get high from smoking dried banana skins was started by Country Joe McDonald in 1966, and Donovan heard the rumour three weeks before "Mellow Yellow" was released as a single. According to The Rolling Stone Illustrated Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll, he admitted later the song made reference to a vibrator; an "electrical banana" as mentioned in the lyrics.  This definition was re-affirmed in an interview with NME magazine: "it's about being cool, laid-back, and also the electrical bananas that were appearing on the scene - which were ladies' vibrators." 

The phrase "mellow yellow" appears towards the end of James Joyce's novel Ulysses, where it is used to refer to Mrs. Marion Bloom's buttocks.  But it is not known if Donovan took the phrase from there.

The record had a "Beatlesque" feel to it, and was sometimes mistaken for a Beatles song. Donovan, in fact, was friends with the Beatles. Paul McCartney can be heard as one of the background revellers on this track, but contrary to popular belief, it is not McCartney whispering the "quite rightly" answering lines in the chorus, but rather Donovan himself.  Donovan had a small part in coming up with the lyrics for "Yellow Submarine", and McCartney played bass guitar (uncredited) on portions of Donovan's Mellow Yellow album. 

In 2005, the track was remastered by EMI Records for the Mellow Yellow album re-issue. 

Covers and adaptations

"Mellow Yellow" was covered in 1967 by soul singer Big Maybelle on her album Got a Brand New Bag.  It was also covered in 1968 by British R&B singer/keyboardist Georgie Fame on his album The Third Face of Fame. 

In 1970, a Czech version of the song was issued by Czech singer and actor Václav Neckář on the Supraphon label. 

In 1999, "Mellow Yellow" was sung by a group of young adults, among whom were then-unknowns Alex Greenwald, Rashida Jones and Jason Thompson, in Gap's "Everybody in Cords" commercial directed by Pedro Romhanyi. The music mix was done by the Dust Brothers.  In 2015 the song was covered by Spanish singer Abraham Mateo for the soundtrack and promotion of the film Minions.  In Brazil Michel Teló covered the song, adapted to Portuguese, also for the movie. 

One of the oldest coffeeshops in Amsterdam is called "Mellow Yellow". 

Chart performance

Weekly charts

Year-end charts
Question:
The ‘tea house’ Mellow Yellow opened in which European city in 1972, pioneering the legal sale of cannabis?
Answer:
Classis of Amsterdam
Passage:
Wobbegong
Wobbegong is the common name given to the 12 species of carpet sharks in the family Orectolobidae.  They are found in shallow temperate and tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean and eastern Indian Ocean, chiefly around Australia and Indonesia, although one species (the Japanese wobbegong, Orectolobus japonicus) occurs as far north as Japan. The word wobbegong is believed to come from an Australian Aboriginal language, meaning "shaggy beard", referring to the growths around the mouth of the shark of the western Pacific.

Description

Wobbegongs are bottom-dwelling sharks, so spend much of their time resting on the sea floor.  Most species have a maximum length of  or less, but the largest, the spotted wobbegong, Orectolobus maculatus, and banded wobbegong, O. halei, reach about 3 m in length.

Wobbegongs are well camouflaged with a symmetrical pattern of bold markings which resembles a carpet.  Because of this striking pattern, wobbegongs and their close relatives are often referred to as carpet sharks.  The camouflage is improved by the presence of small weed-like whisker lobes  surrounding the wobbegong's jaw, which help to camouflage it and act as sensory barbs. Wobbegongs make use of their relative invisibility to hide among rocks and catch smaller fish which swim too close, typical of ambush predators.

Interaction with humans

Wobbegongs are generally not dangerous to humans.  However, they have bitten people who accidentally step on them in shallow water or scuba  divers who poke or touch them. Unprovoked, they may also bite divers, surfers,  or snorkellers who swim near their hiding spots.   Wobbegongs are very flexible and can easily bite a hand holding onto their tail. 

They have many small but sharp teeth and their bite can be severe, even through a wetsuit; having once bitten, they have been known to hang on and can be very difficult to remove. 

In Australia, the flesh of wobbegongs and other shark species is called flake and it is often the "fish" component of fish and chips. Wobbegong skin is also used to make leather. 

Captivity

Although most wobbegong species are unsuitable for home aquaria due to their large adult size, this has not stopped some of the larger species from being sold in the aquarium trade.  Small wobbegong species, such as the tasselled wobbegong and Ward's wobbegong, are "ideal" sharks for home aquarists to keep because they are an appropriate size and are lethargic, enabling them to be accommodated within the limited space of home aquaria, although they will consume tankmates, even quite large ones. Some aquarists, by contrast, see the lack of activity to be a drawback to keeping wobbegongs and prefer more active sharks. Wobbegongs are largely nocturnal and, due to their slow metabolism, do not have to be fed as often as other sharks. Most do well on two feedings weekly. Underfed wobbegongs can be recognised by visibly atrophied dorsal musculature.

Genera and species

The 12 living species of wobbegong, in three genera, are:
* Genus Eucrossorhinus Regan, 1908
** Eucrossorhinus dasypogon (Bleeker, 1867) (tasselled wobbegong)
* Genus Orectolobus Bonaparte, 1834
** Orectolobus floridus Last & Chidlow, 2008 (floral banded wobbegong)
** Orectolobus halei Whitley, 1940.  (Gulf wobbegong or banded wobbegong)
** Orectolobus hutchinsi Last, Chidlow & Compagno, 2006.  (western wobbegong)
** Orectolobus japonicus Regan, 1906 (Japanese wobbegong)
** Orectolobus leptolineatus Last, Pogonoski & W. T. White, 2010 (Indonesian wobbegong)
** Orectolobus maculatus (Bonnaterre, 1788) (spotted wobbegong)
** Orectolobus ornatus (De Vis, 1883) (ornate wobbegong)
** Orectolobus parvimaculatus Last & Chidlow, 2008 (dwarf spotted wobbegong)
** Orectolobus reticulatus Last, Pogonoski & W. T. White, 2008 (network wobbegong)
** Orectolobus wardi Whitley, 1939 (northern wobbegong)
* Genus Sutorectus Whitley, 1939
** Sutorectus tentaculatus (W. K. H. Peters, 1864) (cobbler wobbegong)

Fossil genera include:
* Eometlaouia Noubhani & Cappetta, 2002
Question:
"A ""Wobbegong"" is a type of what?"
Answer:
Sharks
Passage:
Stheno
Stheno (Greek: Σθεννώ, English translation: "forceful"), in Greek mythology, was the eldest of the Gorgons, vicious female monsters with brass hands, sharp fangs and "hair" made of living venomous snakes. The daughter of Phorcys and Ceto, she was born in the caverns beneath Mount Olympus. She and her sister Euryale were both immortal, and the third sister, Medusa, was mortal.  

Of the three Gorgons, she was known to be the most independent and ferocious, having killed more men than both of her sisters combined. In Greek mythology, she was transformed into a Gorgon because of standing with her sister Medusa, who was raped by the sea god Poseidon in the Temple of Athena. Athena bearing no emotion and finding no fault in Poseidon, was furious with Medusa. As a punishment, Medusa was changed into a terrible monster, along with her sisters Stheno and Euryale. Stheno tends to be depicted as a thin gorgon monster with red snakes curling around her head instead of hair, however earlier accounts describe her as having a scaly head, a boar's tusks, bronzed hands, a protruding tongue, glaring eyes and a snake around the waist as a belt. 

When the gorgon Medusa was beheaded by Perseus, Stheno and Euryale tried to kill him, but failed due to his use of Hades' cap, becoming invisible.
Question:
In Greek mythology, sisters Stheno, Euryale and Medusa were the three what?
Answer:
Loud-roaring
Passage:
Pedagogy
Pedagogy (etymology and pronunciation) is the discipline that deals with the theory and practice of education; it thus concerns the study and practice of how best to teach. Its aims range from the general (full development of the human being via liberal education) to the narrower specifics of vocational education (the imparting and acquisition of specific skills).

In correlation with those instructive strategies, the instructor's own philosophical beliefs of instruction are harbored and governed by the pupil's background knowledge and experience, situation, and environment, as well as learning goals set by the student and teacher. One example would be the Socratic schools of thought.    The teaching of adults, however, may be referred to as andragogy.

History 

Johann Friedrich Herbart (4 May 1776 – 14 August 1841) is the founding father of the conceptualization of pedagogy, or, the theory of education. Herbart's educational philosophy and pedagogy highlighted the correlation between personal development and the resulting benefits to society. In other words, Herbart proposed that humans become fulfilled once they establish themselves as productive citizens.Herbartianism refers to the movement underpinned by Herbart's theoretical perspectives.  Referring to the teaching process, Herbart suggested 5 steps as crucial components. Specifically, these 5 steps include: preparation, presentation, association, generalization, and application.  Herbart suggests that pedagogy relates to having assumptions as an educator and a specific set of abilities with a deliberate end goal in mind. 

Etymology and pronunciation

The word is a derivative of the Greek  (paidagōgia), from  (paidagōgos), itself a synthesis of  (ágō),  "I lead", and  "child": hence, "to lead a child."  It is pronounced variously, as,, or.   Negative connotations of pedantry have sometimes been intended, or taken, at least from the time of Samuel Pepys in the 1650s. 

Academic degrees

An academic degree, Ped. D., Doctor of Pedagogy, is awarded honorarily by some US universities to distinguished teachers (in the US and UK, earned degrees within the instructive field are classified as an Ed. D., Doctor of Education or a Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy). The term is also used to denote an emphasis in education as a specialty in a field (for instance, a Doctor of Music degree in piano pedagogy).

Pedagogues

The word pedagogue was originally used in reference to the slave who escorted Greek children to school. In Denmark, a pedagogue is a practitioner of pedagogy. The term is primarily used for individuals who occupy jobs in pre-school education (such as kindergartens and nurseries) in Scandinavia. But a pedagogue can occupy various kinds of jobs, e.g. in retirement homes, prisons, orphanages, and human resource management. These are often recognised as social pedagogues as they perform on behalf of society.

The pedagogue's job is usually distinguished from a teacher's by primarily focusing on teaching children life-preparing knowledge such as social skills and cultural norms. There is also a very big focus on care and well-being of the child. Many pedagogical institutions also practice social inclusion. The pedagogue's work also consists of supporting the child in their mental and social development. 

In Denmark all pedagogues are trained at a series of national institutes for social educators located in all major cities. The programme is a 3.5-year academic course, giving the student the title of a Bachelor in Social Education (Danish: Professionsbachelor som pædagog). 

It is also possible to earn a master's degree in pedagogy/educational science from the University of Copenhagen. This BA and MA program has a more theoretical focus compared to the above-mentioned Bachelor in Social Education.

In Hungary, the word pedagogue (pedagógus) is synonymous with teacher (tanár); therefore, teachers of both primary and secondary schools may be referred to as pedagogues, a word that appears also in the name of their lobbyist organizations and labor unions (e.g.  Labor Union of Pedagogues, Democratic Labor Union of Pedagogues ). However, undergraduate education in Pedagogy does not qualify students to become teachers in primary or secondary schools but makes them able to apply to be educational assistants. As of 2013, the 5-year training period was re-installed in place of the undergraduate and postgraduate division which characterized the previous practice.
Question:
The German pedagogue Friedrich Fröbel who recognized that children have unique needs and capabilities introduced what concept of modern education?
Answer:
Grade 0
Passage:
Postage Stamps Issued in Britain to Mark 400th Anniversary ...
Postage Stamps Issued in Britain to Mark 400th Anniversary of Shakespeare's Death
Postage Stamps Issued in Britain to Mark 400th Anniversary of Shakespeare's Death
   2016-04-05 19:27:09    Xinhua      Web Editor:                          Huang Yue
Britain's Royal Mail launches a set of special postage stamps to mark the 400th anniversary of the death of the playwright William Shakespeare on Tuesday. [Photo: royalmail.com]
Britain's Royal Mail launched a set of special postage stamps Tuesday to mark the 400th anniversary of the death of the playwright William Shakespeare.
The 10 First Class stamps pay tribute to the genius of Shakespeare through his immortal words and poetry, said Royal Mail. They will be sold at 8,000 post offices across Britain.
Royal Mail said that a special postmark will be also applied to British stamped mail commemorating 400 years since the Bard's death. The postmark will simply say 'William Shakespeare 1564-1616'.
The stamps are the latest of many commemorations items and events to remember Shakespeare who was born in 1564 to become an actor, poet and playwright, as well as a businessman. He died on April 23, 1616.
Shakespeare's plays are continually performed and re-interpreted throughout the world, making him arguably the most influential writer of all time.
He introduced around 1,700 words and phrases into the English language, including "assassination" and "all's well that ends well".
A spokeswoman for Royal Mail said: "Over 50 years, William Shakespeare and his work have appeared on 25 stamps, making him the most featured individual on Special Stamps outside of the Royal Family."
Question:
Special stamps were issued on April 5th to mark which anniversary of the death of William Shakespeare?
Answer:
400th
Passage:
Bobolink
The bobolink (Dolichonyx oryzivorus) is a small New World blackbird and the only member of the genus Dolichonyx.

Description

Adults are 16 – long with short finch-like bills. They weigh about 1 oz.  Adult males are mostly black with creamy napes and white scapulars, lower backs, and rumps. Adult females are mostly light brown, although their coloring includes black streaks on the back and flanks, and dark stripes on the head; their wings and tails are darker. The collective name for a group of bobolinks is a chain. 

Distribution and movements

The bobolink breeds in the summer in North America across much of southern Canada and the northern United States. It migrates long distances, wintering in southern South America in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay. One bird was tracked migrating 12000 mi over the course of the year, often flying long distances up to 1100 mi in a single day, then stopping to recuperate for days or weeks.

They often migrate in flocks, feeding on cultivated grains and rice, which leads to them being considered a pest by farmers in some areas. Although bobolinks migrate long distances, they have rarely been sighted in Europe—like many vagrants from the Americas, the overwhelming majority of records are from the British Isles.

The species has been known in the southern United States as the "reedbird," or the "ricebird" from their consumption of large amounts of the grain from rice fields in South Carolina and the Gulf States during their southward migration in the fall.  One of the species' main migration routes is through Jamaica, where they're called "butter-birds" and at least historically were collected as food, having fattened up on the aforementioned rice.

Behaviour

Breeding

Their breeding habitats are open grassy fields, especially hay fields, across North America. In high-quality habitats, males are often polygynous. Females lay five to six eggs in a cup-shaped nest, which is always situated on the ground and is usually well-hidden in dense vegetation. Both parents feed the young.

Feeding

Bobolinks forage on or near the ground, and mainly eat seeds and insects.

Calls

Males sing bright, bubbly songs in flight; these songs gave this species its common name.

Status and conservation

The numbers of these birds are declining due to loss of habitat. Bobolinks are a species at risk in Nova Scotia,  and throughout Canada.  In Vermont, a 75% decline was noted between 1966 and 2007. Originally, they were found in tall grass prairie and other open areas with dense grass. Although hay fields are suitable nesting habitat, fields which are harvested early, or at multiple times, in a season may not allow sufficient time for young birds to fledge. Delaying hay harvests by just 1.5 weeks can improve bobolink survival by 20%  This species increased in numbers when horses were the primary mode of transportation, requiring larger supplies of hay.

Media references

Emily Dickinson penned many poems about the bird. Edgar Allan Poe mentions the bird in "Landor's Cottage". 

The bobolink is mentioned in the song Evelina by Harold Arlen and Yip Harburg, from the musical Bloomer Girl: 

Evelina, won't ya ever take a shine to that moon?
Evelina, ain't ya bothered by the Bobolink's tune?

The bird is also one of the many important ornithological references in Vladimir Nabokov's John Shade's poem "Pale Fire" in the novel of the same name.

Sophia Jewett ends her poem "An Exile's Garden" (1910) with a reference to a bobolink. 

The bobolink is also mentioned in the film The Mouse on the Moon in connection with the fictional European microstate of Grand Fenwick, where oddly the bird is apparently common.
Gallery

File:Bobolink (F) 02.jpg|Male, New England, United States
File:Bobolink (F) 01.jpg|Female, New England, United States
Question:
Native to America, what type of creature is a 'Bobolink'?
Answer:
The Birds (disambiguation)
Passage:
Madness Tribute - One Step Behind
Madness Tribute - One Step Behind
OSB Blog
One Step Behind - The Masters of Madness
One Step Behind tribute band are Europe's biggest tribute to Madness. The band have been established since 1993.
Question:
'One Step Behind' is a tribute act to which band?
Answer:
Morris and the minors
Passage:
‘A Farewell to Arms’ With Hemingway’s Alternate Endings ...
‘A Farewell to Arms’ With Hemingway’s Alternate Endings - The New York Times
The New York Times
Books |To Use and Use Not
Search
Continue reading the main story
In an interview in The Paris Review in 1958 Ernest Hemingway made an admission that has inspired frustrated novelists ever since: The final words of “A Farewell to Arms,” his wartime masterpiece, were rewritten “39 times before I was satisfied.”
Those endings have become part of literary lore, but they have never been published together in their entirety, according to his longtime publisher, Scribner.
A new edition of “A Farewell to Arms,” which was originally published in 1929, will be released next week, including all the alternate endings, along with early drafts of other passages in the book.
The new edition is the result of an agreement between Hemingway’s estate and Scribner, now an imprint of Simon & Schuster.
Photo
Ernest Hemingway in 1947. Credit John F. Kennedy Library and Museum
It is also an attempt to redirect some of the attention paid in recent years to Hemingway’s swashbuckling, hard-drinking image — through fictional depictions in the best-selling novel “The Paris Wife” and the Woody Allen film “Midnight in Paris,” for instance — back to his sizable body of work.
Continue reading the main story
“I think people who are interested in writing and trying to write themselves will find it interesting to look at a great work and have some insight to how it was done,” Seán Hemingway, a grandson of Ernest Hemingway who is also a curator of Greek and Roman art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, said in an interview. “But he is a writer who has captured the imagination of the American public, and these editions are interesting because they really focus on his work. Ultimately that’s his lasting contribution.”
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
The new edition concludes that the 39 endings that Hemingway referred to are really more like 47. They have been preserved in the Ernest Hemingway Collection at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston since 1979, where Seán Hemingway studied them carefully. (Bernard S. Oldsey, a Hemingway scholar, listed 41 endings in his book “Hemingway’s Hidden Craft,” but Seán Hemingway found 47 variations in manuscripts preserved at the Kennedy Library.)
The alternate endings are labeled and gathered in an appendix in the new edition, a 330-page book whose cover bears the novel’s original artwork, an illustration of a reclining man and woman, both topless.
For close readers of Hemingway the endings are a fascinating glimpse into how the novel could have concluded on a different note, sometimes more blunt and sometimes more optimistic. And since modern authors tend to produce their work on computers, the new edition also serves as an artifact of a bygone craft, with handwritten notes and long passages crossed out, giving readers a sense of an author’s process. (When asked in the 1958 Paris Review interview with George Plimpton what had stumped him, Hemingway said, “Getting the words right.”)
Photo
The new edition, with the original cover art.
The endings range from a short sentence or two to several paragraphs.
In No. 1, “The Nada Ending,” Hemingway wrote, “That is all there is to the story. Catherine died and you will die and I will die and that is all I can promise you.”
The “Live-Baby Ending,” listed as No. 7, concludes, “There is no end except death and birth is the only beginning.”
And in No. 34, the “Fitzgerald ending,” suggested by Hemingway’s friend F. Scott Fitzgerald, Hemingway wrote that the world “breaks everyone,” and those “it does not break it kills.”
“It kills the very good and very gentle and the very brave impartially,” he wrote. “If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry.”
Hemingway also left behind a list of alternate titles, which are reprinted in the new edition. They include “Love in War,” “World Enough and Time,” “Every Night and All” and “Of Wounds and Other Causes.” One title, “The Enchantment,” was crossed out by Hemingway.
Photo
Ernest Hemingway's first-page draft for “A Farewell to Arms.” Credit John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum
Patrick Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway’s only surviving son, said in an interview from his home in Montana that when Scribner suggested the raw material be published, he agreed.
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
“They do give insight to how Hemingway was thinking,” said Patrick Hemingway, who is 84. “But it is absolutely true that no matter how much you analyze a classic bit of writing, you can never really figure out what makes talent work.”
Susan Moldow, the publisher of Scribner, said that while Hemingway is a perennial strong seller, especially for schools and libraries, “the estate is constantly wanting to present the work afresh.”
“This is one of the most important authors in American history,” she said. “And fortunately or unfortunately you need to keep refreshing or people lose interest.”
After reading the various endings, Ms. Moldow added, she didn’t question the author’s decision; the actual ending — cool and passionless after an epic tale of war and love, with the protagonist leaving a hospital in the rain — has stood the test of time.
“Ultimately,” she said, “I think we have to be glad that he went with the ending that he went with.”
A version of this article appears in print on July 5, 2012, on Page C1 of the New York edition with the headline: To Use and Use Not. Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe
Question:
How many times did Ernest Hemingway revise the last page of A Farewell To Arms?
Answer:
39 times
Passage:
Self-Portrait with Bandaged Ear
Self-Portrait with Bandaged Ear is a 1889 self-portrait by Dutch, Post-Impressionist  artist Vincent van Gogh. 

Description 

In this self portrait, Van Gogh is shown wearing a blue cap with black fur and a green overcoat, with a bandage covering his ear and extending under his chin. He is in a traditional three-quarter view, and his forward gaze falls slightly to the right, out of the frame. Behind him is an open window, assumedly letting in a winter breeze, a canvas on an easel, with a few indistinguishable marks, as well as a Japanese woodblock print. This woodblock print has been identified as a Geishas in a Landscape published by Sato Tokyo. This shows an important influence of Japonism and wood block print on Van Gogh’s work, which also appear in the background of other portraits he had created. The painting is composed of impasto strokes, mostly in a vertical pattern. This creates a texture, which comes up off the canvas and adds dimension to the flat surface. The skin tone is muted with green and yellowish tones. The bandage covering Van Gogh’s ear in this painting alludes to his most famous conflict. Van Gogh used a mirror for his self portraits which is why some mistakenly think that he lost part of his right ear instead of his left.

The story 

Van Gogh moved from Paris to Arles in hopes of creating a community for artists to exist in mutual supportiveness and encouragement. He invited Paul Gauguin, an artist whom he had befriended in Paris, to come stay with him. They proved to be a disagreeable pair and quarreled often, sometimes violently. The evening of December 23, 1888 during one of their arguments, Van Gogh had a seizure during which he threatened Gauguin with a razor, but then injured himself, severing part of his left ear. In a state of excitement, he then brought the dismembered lobe to the Maison de Tolérance bordello where he presented it to a prostitute named Rachel. When Gauguin returned the following morning he discovered that the police had arrived at the house, and blood was splattered in every room. Van Gogh had severed an artery in his neck, and was in grave health after losing so much blood. He was removed to the hospital, and he confessed to having no recollection of what happened during this fit. Throughout his life, Van Gogh continued to suffer from similar fits, sometimes characterized by acute paranoia. 

Acquisition History

At the time of Van Gogh’s death, this painting was in the possession of Père Tanguy, although it was unclear how he had obtained it. Tanguy had posed twice for Van Gogh in 1887. It was exhibited in Paris 1901 and 1905 in a major Van Gogh retrospective. In 1928 Samuel Courtauld purchased it.  It is currently located in The Courtauld Gallery in London, UK. 

Some critics dismiss this painting as a fake or crude pastiche. However, if this were true it would have been painted at a moment in the 1890s when it wouldn’t have been profitable, as the artist would have died only a few ears earlier and had only sold a handful of works in his lifetime. By January 17, 1889 Vincent had written to his brother Theo mentioning he had completed “another new self portrait.” Confusion has arisen over whether this was in reference to Self Portrait with Bandaged Ear, or Self Portrait with Bandaged Ear and Pipe.   In each of these portraits Van Gogh is wearing the same clothing and sitting in the same pose, although the color schemes, props and locations are different. The Self Portrait with Bandaged Ear and Pipe has become more widely accepted in academia as one of Van Gogh’s authentic paintings.
Question:
In the painting called Self Portrait With Bandaged Ear by Van Gogh, is Van Gogh's left ear or right ear bandaged?
Answer:
Left (disambiguation)
