Passage:
Sugar plum
A sugar plum is a piece of dragée  or hard candy made of hardened sugar in a small round or oval shape. 

"Plum" in the name of this confection does not mean plum in the sense of the fruit of the same name, but referred to small size and spherical or oval shape. According to The Atlantic Monthly, traditional sugar plums contained no fruit, but were  instead hardened sugar balls. According to the Huffington Post, these hardened sugar balls were comfits, and often surrounded a seed, nut, or spice. 

History

The term sugar plum came into general usage in the 1600s. At that time, adding layers of sweet which give sugar plums and comfits their hard shell was done through a slow and labour-intensive process called panning. Until the mechanization of the process, it often took several days, and thus the sugar plum was largely a luxury product. In fact, in the 18th century the word plum became British slang for a large pile of money  or a bribe.  However, by the 1860s manufacturers were using steam heat and mechanized rotating pans, and it was then available for mass consumption.

Today, some candy manufacturers have taken "sugar plum" literally, creating plum-flavored, plum-shaped candies and marketing them as "sugar plum candy". 

In one non-traditional 21st-century take-off on the word "sugar plum", in a recipe for home cooks, dried fruit is chopped fine and combined with chopped almonds, honey, and aromatic spices, such as anise seed, fennel seed, caraway seeds, and cardamom. This mixture is rolled into balls, then coated in sugar or shredded coconut. 

In popular culture

Sugar plums are widely associated with Christmas, through cultural phenomena such as the Sugar Plum Fairy in The Nutcracker (Composed by Tchaikovsky, 1892), as well as the line "Visions of sugar plums danced in their heads," from Clement C. Moore's poem A Visit from St. Nicholas (1823), better known as "'Twas the Night Before Christmas."

In the children's board game Candy Land the character Plumpy, a gingerbread troll, wore a sugar plum around his neck. Receiving the Plumpy card meant the player had to undo most of their progress, which could lead to great frustration and often prolonged the game. The Plumpy character was replaced in 2002 by Mama Gingertree.

Sugar plums have also gained widespread recognition through the poem "The Sugar Plum Tree" by Eugene Field. The poem begins "Have you ever heard of the Sugar-Plum Tree? 'Tis a marvel of great renown!"  "Sugar Plum" is also a 1971 jazz song by American jazz pianist Bill Evans, while Sugar Plum Fairies is a Norwegian folk and pop band formed in 2000.
Question:
In which ballet is there a 'sugar plum fairy'?
Answer:
Nutcrackers
Passage:
Katy Perry - Family Tree & Family History at Geni.com
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  - Genealogy
Genealogy
Join the world's largest family tree
Gender
Share your family tree and photos with the people you know and love
Build your family tree online
Share photos and videos
Sister of <private> Hudson and <private> Hudson
Occupation:
Added 2013-08-01 17:01:39 -0700 by Private User
Collection:
Oct 25 1984 - Santa Barbara, California, USA
Mother's maiden name:
Added 2014-02-07 09:24:18 -0800 by Private User
Collection:
Oct 25 1984 - Santa Barbara, Kalifornia
Parents:
<Private> Hudson, <Private> Hudson (z d. Perry)
Siblings:
Added 2014-02-07 09:26:48 -0800 by Private User
Collection:
Oct 25 1984 - Santa Barbara, Kalifornia
Parents:
<Private> Hudson, <Private> Hudson (z d. Perry)
Siblings:
Maurice Keith Hudson, Mary Hudson (Perry)
Siblings:
Oct 25 1984 - Santa Barbara, CA, USA
Parents:
<Private> Hudson, <Private> Hudson (born Cox)
Siblings:
mother's ex-spouse
About Katy Perry
She is better known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American singer-songwriter and musician. Perry was born in Santa Barbara, California, and raised by Christian pastor parents; she grew up listening to only gospel music and sang in church as a child. After earning a GED during her freshman year of high school, she began to pursue a music career. She released a self-titled gospel album in 2001 as Katy Hudson which failed with the closing of its record label that year. She recorded an album with production team The Matrix and completed most of a solo album from 2004–2005, neither of which were released.
After signing on with Capitol Music Group in 2007, her fourth record label in seven years, she adopted the stage name Katy Perry and released her first Internet single, "Ur So Gay", that November, which garnered attention but did not chart. She rose to fame with her second single "I Kissed a Girl" in 2008, which topped international charts. Perry's first mainstream album, One of the Boys, followed later that year and was eventually announced to be the thirty-third best selling album of 2008 worldwide. It was accredited platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America; "I Kissed a Girl" and her second single "Hot n Cold" both received multi-platinum certifications. Perry was ranked the 97th Artist of the 2000–10 decade by Billboard. She became known for wearing unconventional style of dress, often combining bold colors and vintage fashion. Her next album, Teenage Dream, was released on August 24, 2010 in the United States.
Perry had a long relationship with Travis McCoy; she is currently engaged to Russell Brand.
Katy Perry was born Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson in Santa Barbara, California. The second child of two pastors, she has an older sister and younger brother.Her Evangelical mother, Mary Hudson (née Perry), grew up in Southern California and had "a tempestuous first marriage in Zimbabwe."Her father, Keith Hudson, was a West Coast scenester in the 1960s.Perry's maternal aunt and uncle were screenwriter Eleanor Perry and director Frank Perry, through whom she is also related to Charles M. Schwab, the founder of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation. Perry is of Portuguese and German ancestry on her mother's side.
Perry was incorporated into her parents' ministry; she sang in their church from ages 9 to 17. She grew up listening to gospel music and was not allowed to listen to what her mother called secular music. Perry attended Christian schools and camps. As a child, Perry learned how to dance in a recreation building in Santa Barbara. She was taught by seasoned dancers and began with swing, Lindy Hop, and jitterbug. She took her GED after her freshman year of high school and decided to leave school to pursue a career in music. Perry initially started singing "because I was at that point in my childhood where I was copycatting my sister and everything she did."Her sister practiced with cassette tapes, and Perry took the tapes herself when her sister was not around. She rehearsed the songs and performed it to her parents, who suggested she should take voice lessons. She grabbed the opportunity and began taking lessons at age nine to 16. She enrolled in at the Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara, and studied Italian opera for a short time.
Perry dated Gym Class Heroes frontman Travis McCoy, whom she met in a recording studio in New York, on and off for several years. After more than a year of friendship and casual dating, they became serious with their relationship right before they embarked into the 2008 Warped Tour. Perry and McCoy broke up in December 2008. The two began dating again in early 2009 and broke up again a few months later. Perry is now engaged to British comedian Russell Brand after he proposed in December 2009. In a YouTube interview, she said Brand would be a "perfect" father.
Discography:
* One of the Boys (2008)
* Teenage Dream (2010)
Question:
British comedians Jo, Katy and Russell all share which surname?
Answer:
Marketing brand
Passage:
CAFOD
The Catholic Agency For Overseas Development (CAFOD), previously known as the Catholic Fund for Overseas Development, is the Catholic aid agency for England and Wales. It is an international aid agency working to alleviate poverty and suffering in developing countries. It is funded by the Catholic community in England and Wales, the British Government and the general public by donations.

CAFOD was founded in 1962. CAFOD's aims are to promote long-term development; respond to emergencies; raise public awareness of the causes of poverty; speak out on behalf of poor communities; and promote social justice in witness to Christian faith and gospel values. It is also involved in short-term relief. It is a sponsor of the new [http://www.bfriars.ox.ac.uk/casas_intro.php Las Casas Institute] at Blackfriars Hall, University of Oxford.

CAFOD is an agency of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales and part of the Caritas International Federation which operates in over 200 countries and territories worldwide. CAFOD is a member of the DEC Disasters Emergency Committee and the British Overseas Aid Group. In 2010/11 it raised £69 million and employed 369 staff.

History

CAFOD was born when volunteer members of the National Board of Catholic Women organised the first Family Fast Day on Friday, March 11, 1960. In 1962 CAFOD was officially registered as a public charity. In 1965 CAFOD became a member of Caritas Internationalis and in 1969 joined the CIDSE, a collection of European and North American Catholic Charities. In 1979 its first campaign was launched in the Philippines and they kept growing. Caritas in 1987 asked CAFOD to lead and lobby for a worldwide programme on HIV and Aids. In 1993 its first international office was formed in CAFOD Albania. In 1998 offices were formed in Zimbabwe and Kenya and one year later its Kosovo Appeal raised £8 million. In 2005 the MakePovertyHistory rally in Edinburgh was attended by 249000 people and in 2012, on the same year as the Queens Diamond Jubilee, CAFOD celebrated its 50th Anniversary.

International programmes

CAFOD has offices in Bolivia, Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa & Goma), Ethiopia, Kenya, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Niger, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Sudan and Zimbabwe. CAFOD also has staff based with partners in Indonesia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka.
Question:
In the abbrevation CAFOD - for what does the 'O' stand?
Answer:
Overseas
Passage:
Warschauer Kniefall
Kniefall von Warschau (German for "Warsaw Genuflection") refers to a gesture of humility and penance by German Chancellor Willy Brandt towards the victims of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. 

Incident

The event took place on December 7, 1970, in what was then the Communist People's Republic of Poland during a visit to a monument to the Nazi-era Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. After laying down a wreath, Brandt, very surprisingly, and to all appearances spontaneously, knelt. He remained silently in that position for a short time, surrounded by a large group of dignitaries and press photographers.

Brandt had actively resisted the early Nazi regime, and had spent most of the time of Hitler's reign in exile. The occasion of Brandt's visit to Poland at the time was the signing of the Treaty of Warsaw between West Germany and the People's Republic of Poland, guaranteeing German acceptance of the new borders of Poland. The treaty was one of the Brandt-initiated policy steps (the 'Ostpolitik') to ease tensions between West and East during the Cold War.

Reaction

In Germany

On the same day, Brandt signed the Treaty of Warsaw, which acknowledged the Oder-Neisse-Line as the final German border with Poland. Both actions attracted controversy within Germany, as did Ostpolitik in general, favored only by a narrow majority in public opinion. It was disputed within his own party, whose voters had included a significant proportion of expellees from the formerly German territories in Poland, most whom then went to the conservative parties.

According to a Der Spiegel survey of the time, 48% of all West Germans thought the "Kniefall" was excessive, 41% said it was appropriate and 11% had no opinion.  The Kniefall was a symbolic action the opposition tried to use against Brandt, as in a Constructive Vote of No Confidence in April 1972, which Brandt won by only two votes. Brandt's landslide win in the next elections in late 1972 was also due to the growing view among voters that Brandt's Ostpolitik—symbolized by the Kniefall—and his reformist domestic policies were helping to boost Germany's international reputation and should be supported. The SPD won its best federal election result ever.

Internationally

While at the time, positive reactions may have been limited, his show of humility was a small but vital step in bridging the gaps World War II had left between Germany and Eastern Europe. In historical terms, Brandt gained much renown for this act, and it is thought to be one of the reasons he received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1971.

A monument to Willy Brandt was unveiled on 6 December 2000, in Willy Brandt Square in Warsaw (near the Warsaw Ghetto Heroes Monument) on the eve of the 30th anniversary of his famous gesture.

Brandt's memories

Brandt was repeatedly interviewed about the genuflection and about his motives. He later noted that:

(German original) "Unter der Last der jüngsten Geschichte tat ich, was Menschen tun, wenn die Worte versagen. So gedachte ich Millionen Ermordeter." 

(English translation) Under the weight of recent history, I did what people do when words fail them. In this way I commemorated millions of murdered people.
Question:
Kniefall von Warschau (German for 'Warsaw Genuflection') is a 1970 incident involving which European statesman who paid homage to WWII's Warsaw Ghetto Uprising during his visit to the city?
Answer:
Willy Brandt
Passage:
Gillespie Road
Gillespie Road is a road in Highbury, north London, running east-west along the north side of the Arsenal Stadium, previously home of Arsenal Football Club. Arsenal tube station was originally named Gillespie Road, before being given its current name in 1932 following pressure from the club. At the time of Arsenal's move to the nearby Emirates Stadium in July 2006, an email was circulated by  supporters of  rival club Tottenham Hotspur inviting petitions to the Mayor of London, asking him to give the station back its original name [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/main.jhtml?viewDETAILS&grid
&xml=/sport/2006/01/14/sfndry14.xml] which proved unsuccessful. The Gillespie Road name, however, is famously displayed on the original Edwardian platform tiling to this day.
Question:
London transport changed the name of tube station 'Gillespie Road' in the 1930's to what?
Answer:
Arsenal Football Club
Passage:
Braithwaite (surname)
Braithwaite, Brathwaite, or Brathwait is a surname of English origin. At the time of the British Census of 1881,  the relative frequency of the surname Braithwaite was highest in Westmorland (37.3 times the British average), followed by Cumberland, Yorkshire, Linlithgowshire, Lancashire, County Durham, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Anglesey and Flintshire. Notable people with the surname include:

*Sir Albert Braithwaite (1893–1959), British politician
*Bob Braithwaite (1925–2015), British trap shooter
*Brenda Brathwaite (born 1966), American video game designer and developer
*Charles Braithwaite (1850–1910), Canadian politician and agrarian leader
*Chris Braithwaite aka Chris Jones (1885–1944), Barbadian seaman, leader of the Colonial Seamen's Association
*Darren Braithwaite (born 1969), British sprinter
*Daryl Braithwaite (born 1949), Australian pop singer
*Donald Braithwaite (born 1937), Welsh professional boxer
*Doug Braithwaite British comic book artist
*Edward Kamau Brathwaite (born 1930), Barbadian poet
*E. R. Braithwaite (born 1920), Guyanese novelist, writer, teacher, and diplomat
*Errol Brathwaite (1924–2005), New Zealand author
*Fred Brathwaite (born 1972), Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender
*Geoffrey Braithwaite, fictional character in Julian Barnes's novel Flaubert's Parrot
*George Braithwaite (disambiguation)
*Sir Gurney Braithwaite, 1st Baronet (1895–1958), English politician
*Jahron Anthony Brathwaite aka PartyNextDoor, Canadian singer, songwriter, record producer and rapper
*Jeffrey Braithwaite, Australian professor in the field of health policy
*Jessica Braithwaite, Australian television presenter and reporter
*John Braithwaite (disambiguation)
*Joseph Braithwaite (mayor) (1848–1917), New Zealand bookseller and politician, mayor of Dunedin
*Joseph Bevan Braithwaite (1818–1905), English Quaker minister
*Junior Braithwaite (1949–1999), Jamaican reggae musician
*Keith Braithwaite, New Zealand football player and manager
*Kraigg Brathwaite (born 1992), West Indian cricket international
*Lawrence Ytzhak Braithwaite (1963–2008) Canadian novelist, spoken word artist, dub poet, essayist, digital drummer and short fiction writer
*Leon Braithwaite (born 1972), English footballer
*Leonard Braithwaite (1923–2012), Canadian lawyer and politician
*Dame Lilian Braithwaite (1873–1948), English actress
*Martin Braithwaite (born 1991), Danish footballer
*Max Braithwaite (1911–1995), Canadian novelist and non-fiction author
*Michael Braithwaite (born 1987), Canadian rower
*Sir Nicholas Brathwaite (born 1925), prime minister of Grenada
*Nicholas Braithwaite (born 1939), English conductor 
*Pandora Braithwaite, fictional character in the Adrian Mole series by British author Sue Townsend
*Ray Braithwaite (born 1933), Australian politician
*Rewi Braithwaite (fl. 1920s), New Zealand football player
*Richard Brathwait or Brathwaite (1588–1673), English poet
*R. B. Braithwaite (1900–1990), English philosopher
*Robert Braithwaite (bryologist) (1824–1917), English botanist
*Robert Braithwaite (engineer) (born 1943), British engineer
*Robert Braithwaite (judge) (born 1950), United States District Court judge
*Roderick Braithwaite (1901–1963), New Zealand politician, mayor of Hamilton
*Sir Rodric Braithwaite (born 1932), British diplomat and author 
*Ryan Brathwaite (born 1988), Barbadian track and field athlete
*Stephen Brathwaite (born c.1949), Canadian actor and puppeteer
*Stuart Braithwaite (born 1976), Scottish guitarist, bassist, drummer, singer and songwriter
*Talabi Braithwaite (1928–2011), Nigerian insurance broker
*Ted Braithwaite (1902–unknown), English footballer
*Tut Braithwaite (born 1946), Paul "Tut" Braithwaite, British rock climber and mountaineer
*Sir Walter Braithwaite (1865–1945), British Army general during World War I
*Walter Braithwaite (composer) (1906–1991), English composer, pianist and teacher
*Warwick Braithwaite (1896–1971), New Zealand-born British conductor
*Wayne Braithwaite (born 1975), Guyanese professional boxer
*William Charles Braithwaite (1862–1922), British Quaker historian
*William Garnett Braithwaite (1870–1937), British Army general who served with New Zealand Military Forces during World War I
*William Stanley Braithwaite (1878–1962), African-American poet, literary critic and scholar
Question:
In the books by Sue Townsend, Adrian Mole was supposedly born in which English county?
Answer:
Leics
Passage:
Laughing Cavalier
The Laughing Cavalier (1624) is a portrait by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals in the Wallace Collection in London, which has been described as "one of the most brilliant of all Baroque portraits".  The title is an invention of the Victorian public and press, dating from its exhibition in the opening display at the Bethnal Green Museum in 1872–75, just after its arrival in England, after which it was regularly reproduced as a print, and became among of the best known old master paintings in Britain. The unknown subject is in fact not laughing, but can be said to have an enigmatic smile, much amplified by his upturned moustache.

Description

The portrait measures 83 × 67.3 cm (32.7 × 26.5 in) and is inscribed at top right "Æ'TA SVÆ 26/A°1624", which expands to "aetatis suae 26, anno 1624" in Latin and means that the portrait was painted when the sitter was 26 and in the year 1624.   The identity of the man was unknown for centuries, and though the recorded 19th century titles in Dutch, English and French mostly suggest a military man, or at least an officer in one of the part-time militia companies that were often the subjects of group portraits, including some by Hals and later Rembrandt's Night Watch (1642), in fact he was as likely to be a wealthy civilian and Pieter Biesboer has identified him as Tieleman Roosterman.  The composition is lively and spontaneous, and despite the apparent labour involved in the gorgeous, and very expensive, silk costume, close inspection reveals long, quick brush strokes. The turning pose and low viewpoint are found in other portraits by Hals and here allow emphasis on the embroidered sleeve and lace cuff.  There are many emblems in the embroidery: signifying "the pleasures and pains of love" are "bees, arrows, flaming cornucopiae, lovers' knots and tongues of fire", while an obelisk or pyramid signifies strength and Mercury's cap and caduceus fortune. 

In general, commissioned portraits such as this rarely showed adults smiling until the late 18th century, though smiling is often seen in tronies and figures in genre painting.  But Hals is an exception to the general rule and often showed sitters with broader smiles than here, and in informal poses that bring an impression of movement and spontaneity to his work. 

The effect of the eyes appearing to follow the viewer from every angle is a result of the subject being depicted as looking directly forward, toward the artist's point of view, combined with being a static two dimensional representation of this from whichever angle the painting itself is viewed. 

History

The painting's provenance only goes back to a sale in The Hague in 1770; after further Dutch sales it was bought by the Franco-Swiss banker and collector the Comte de Pourtalès-Gorgier in 1822.  After his death the painting was acquired at the auction of his collection in Paris in 1865 by Richard Seymour-Conway, 4th Marquess of Hertford, who outbid Baron James de Rothschild at more than six times the sales estimate.  It was in Hertford's Paris home in 1871, listed as portrait d'un homme ("portrait of a man"), and then brought to London, probably for the purpose of exhibiting it in a large and long loan exhibition of old master paintings at Bethnal Green, which was deliberately sited away from the West End of London to attract the working classes.  The exhibition was a huge success and A Cavalier (the catalogue title) a particular hit with both public and the critics; it played a considerable part in raising the critical estimation of Hals in England.  By 1888, when it was again exhibited at the Royal Academy, it had become Laughing Cavalier, though a cleaning in the intervening period (in 1884) may have changed the effect.   The critic in the Athenaeum noted a brighter appearance, but also that "The man smiles rather than laughs".  Hertford's collection was bequeathed to his natural son Sir Richard Wallace Bt., whose widow donated it and his London house to the nation as the Wallace Collection.

Derivatives

The Laughing Cavalier is used by McEwan's beer as its logo. It has been modified showing the Laughing Cavalier enjoying the beer. 

In the Scarlet Pimpernel adventure series by Emma Orczy, The Laughing Cavalier is a prequel recounting the story of the supposed subject of the painting, who is an ancestor of her main hero, the Scarlet Pimpernel, Sir Percy Blakeney.

The "eyes following you round the room" trope has long been a stand-by in British comedy, used by Pete and Dud in The Art Gallery,  among many others, sometimes in the form of a portrait with cut-away eyes that can be used as a peephole.
Question:
Who painted the famous picture the Laughing Cavalier?
Answer:
Frans Hals
Passage:
Carl Douglas
Carlton George Douglas (born 10 May 1942), also known by his stage name Carl Douglas, is a Jamaican recording artist. Douglas rose to prominence after releasing his single "Kung Fu Fighting".

Early life

Carlton George Douglas was born on 10 May 1942 in Kingston, Jamaica.

Career

Douglas' career was based in the United Kingdom, where his single "Kung Fu Fighting" ranked number one in both the U.K. Singles Chart and the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in 1974. The single sold 11 million copies worldwide,   making it one of the best-selling singles of all time. The single was later certified gold by the RIAA on 27 November 1974. 

The single, which is a homage to martial arts films, has overshadowed the rest of Douglas' career; resulting in his appearance on cover versions of the single. In the United States, Douglas was considered a "one-hit wonder" since he was only known for "Kung Fu Fighting". However, in the United Kingdom, he has two other singles that made it into the "Top 40", which were "Dance the Kung Fu", which peaked at number 35 in the charts; and "Run Back", which peaked at number 25.

Douglas was once managed by Eric Woolfson,  who later became the primary songwriter behind "The Alan Parsons Project".

In 1998, a re-recording of "Kung Fu Fighting", performed by British dance act Bus Stop and which featured Douglas's vocals, peaked at number 8 in the "UK Singles Chart". 

The single "Dance The Kung Fu", was sampled on "Cuda nie widy" from 2001 album Nibylandia, and later by DJ Premier on his 2007 remix of Nike's 25th Air Force One anniversary single "Classic (Better Than I've Ever Been)", featuring Kanye West, Nas, KRS-One and Rakim. Douglas is represented by music publisher Schacht Musikverlage (SMV) in Hamburg, Germany. 

Discography

Albums

Singles

Chart information provided by TSORT,  All Music   & MusicVF.
Question:
Which record by Carl Douglas was Number One in 1974?
Answer:
Kungfu fighting
Passage:
Kosheh massacres
Twenty-one Coptic Christians were the victims of a massacre in el-Kosheh village in Upper Egypt, located 450 kilometres south of Cairo, on Sunday 2 January 2000. The Coptic Christians killed in this incident were considered martyrs of the Coptic Orthodox Church by Pope Shenouda III.

Kosheh

Kosheh is located on the east bank of the Nile in Sohag governorate, a few miles east of Balyana. The population of Kosheh is about 35,000 and 70% of the village are Christian Copts. Kosheh is the trading center for a number of villages in the area. There is little farmland in Kosheh; it serves rather as the shopping nexus for the rural areas around it. Most of the shopkeepers are Copts, while most of the farmers in the surrounding villages are Muslims from Arab tribes.  

First Kosheh Massacre

Tensions between Christians and Muslims had started a few years earlier, in August 1998, in what is known as the First Kosheh Massacre. In this incident, two Copts were murdered by Muslims. The Muslims in turn were allegedly seeking revenge for the “poisoning” of a brother who had actually died of natural causes. In response, the Egyptian police responded by rounding up about 1,200 Christians for investigation into the murder. When Metropolitan Wissa of el-Balyana (Abydos), whose diocese includes el-Kosheh, criticised the arrests, he was himself arrested with two of his priests, and was charged with inciting strife and damaging national unity between Christians and Muslims.

In October 1998, an article by Christina Lamb in London’s Daily Telegraph reported that some of the arrested Copts had undergone mock crucifixions and that Metropolitan Wissa faced possible execution. The Egyptian government was outraged at the negative publicity, and arrested the head of the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights (EOHR), whom it accused of having given the story to the Daily Telegraph. The head of the EOHR and Metropolitan Wissa were eventually released. Although the government promised to punish any police who had acted improperly, some of the police officers involved in the human rights violations against the Copts in el-Kosheh were in fact promoted. Thus, the First Kosheh Massacre turned into an international incident. As a result, Coptic groups in the West began to push for the US Congress to include Egypt among nations that discriminate against Christians.

Second Kosheh Massacre

The Second Kosheh Massacre took place about one year later, on Friday 31 December 1999. The incidence stemmed from a quarrel between a Christian merchant and a Muslim customer. The misunderstanding strained Muslim-Christian relations in the community. Relatives of the Muslim customer targeted Christian-owned shops and homes, which were looted, destroyed, and burned. Initially, the police was able to contain the situation. However, two days later on Sunday 2 January 2000, riots spread violence into neighbouring villages and lead to the murders of 20 Christians. One Muslim was also accidentally shot dead by a fellow Muslim.   More than 40 people were injured in the two-day incident. 260 shops, houses and kiosks were also deliberately burnt or damaged. Most of the killings took place in the outskirts of el-Kosheh, especially in the agriculture fields. This event was one of Egypt's bloodiest massacres.

The local authorities during the incident did little to control the situation. There were some cases where these officers participated in the killings.
Following the massacre, the entire Coptic community felt that these events epitomised the criminal negligence of the Egyptian administration, represented in its police force, when it comes to protecting Coptic lives and property. Since local police units are often drawn from the local community, local feuds including Muslim resentment of Christian families can very well color police behaviour.

On 1 December 2000, a criminal court in Egypt's Sohag governorate released without bail all 89 defendants charged in the New Year's massacre in el-Kosheh. It was unprecedented in Egypt that several dozen murder suspects would be released without bail a month before their verdict was determined. All suspects that were initially arrested in connection to this massacre were eventually acquitted had their charges dropped. The only person convicted in the massacre was a Muslim charged with accidental killing of another Muslim, and sentenced to 13 years in prison.  No one was ever convicted for the murder of the 21 Christian victims. This led to outrage in the Coptic community who felt that these suspects should be in custody. The Pope of Alexandria Shenouda III rejected the verdict openly, and told reporters "We want to challenge this ruling. We don't accept it." Metropolitan Wissa of el-Balyana (Abydos), whose diocese includes el-Kosheh, called the ruling "A shame that defames the reputation of Egypt and an invitation for more violence". Egypt's Prosecutor General Maher Abdel Wahid appealed the acquittal verdict of the defendants, stating that "there is no doubt that 21 people were killed, and the killers must be brought to justice," "We never imagined that they would release the killers, but this is Egypt" a Copt from el-Kosheh admitted by telephone.

Six days following the acquittal of the defendants, the homes of four Christian families in el-Kosheh were set to fire and completely destroyed. One of the homeowners who reported the arson to the Egyptian police was tortured and forced to sign a statement prepared by a public prosecutor charging him with perpetrating the whole incident. He was subsequently forced to post bail for his own release.
Question:
The Kosheh Massacre took place in which African country in 2000?
Answer:
EGY
Passage:
Dolomite
Dolomite is an anhydrous carbonate mineral composed of calcium magnesium carbonate, ideally CaMg(CO3)2. The word dolomite is also used to describe the sedimentary carbonate rock, which is composed predominantly of the mineral dolomite (also known as dolostone).

History

Most probably the mineral dolomite was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1768.  In 1778, it was described by the Austrian naturalist Belsazar Hacquet as the "stinking stone" (, ).   In 1791, it was described as a rock by the French naturalist and geologist Déodat Gratet de Dolomieu (1750–1801), first in buildings of the old city of Rome, and later as samples collected in what is now known as the Dolomite Alps of northern Italy. Nicolas-Théodore de Saussure first named the mineral (after Dolomieu) in March 1792.  Hacquet and Dolomieu met in Laibach (Ljubljana) in 1784,  which may have contributed to Dolomieu's work.

Properties

The mineral dolomite crystallizes in the trigonal-rhombohedral system. It forms white, tan, gray, or pink crystals. Dolomite is a double carbonate, having an alternating structural arrangement of calcium and magnesium ions. It does not rapidly dissolve or effervesce (fizz) in dilute hydrochloric acid as calcite does. Crystal twinning is common.

Solid solution exists between dolomite, the iron-dominant ankerite and the manganese-dominant kutnohorite.Klein, Cornelis and Cornelius S. Hurlbut Jr., Manual of Mineralogy, Wiley, 20th ed., p. 339-340 ISBN 0-471-80580-7 Small amounts of iron in the structure give the crystals a yellow to brown tint. Manganese substitutes in the structure also up to about three percent MnO. A high manganese content gives the crystals a rosy pink color. Lead, zinc, and cobalt also substitute in the structure for magnesium. The mineral dolomite is closely related to huntite Mg3Ca(CO3)4.

Because dolomite can be dissolved by slightly acidic water, areas of dolomite are important as aquifers and contribute to karst terrain formation. 

Formation

Modern dolomite formation has been found to occur under anaerobic conditions in supersaturated saline lagoons along the Rio de Janeiro coast of Brazil, namely, Lagoa Vermelha and Brejo do Espinho.  It is often thought that dolomite will develop only with the help of sulfate-reducing bacteria (e.g. Desulfovibrio brasiliensis).  However, low-temperature dolomite may occur in natural environments rich in organic matter and microbial cell surfaces. This occurs as a result of magnesium complexation by carboxyl groups associated with organic matter. 

Vast deposits of dolomite are present in the geological record, but the mineral is relatively rare in modern environments. Reproducible, inorganic low-temperature syntheses of dolomite and magnesite were published for the first time in 1999. Those laboratory experiments showed how the initial precipitation of a metastable "precursor" (such as magnesium calcite) will change gradually into more and more of the stable phase (such as dolomite or magnesite) during periodical intervals of dissolution and re-precipitation. The general principle governing the course of this irreversible geochemical reaction has been coined "breaking Ostwald's step rule". 

There is some evidence for a biogenic occurrence of dolomite. One example is that of the formation of dolomite in the urinary bladder of a Dalmatian dog, possibly as the result of an illness or infection. 

Formation of dolomite from solution and its link with biogenic dolomite

In 2015, it was experimentally discovered that the direct crystallization of dolomite can occur from solution at temperatures between 60–220 °C. Dolomite forms through a three-stage process: 1) A nanoparticulate magnesium-deficient, amorphous calcium carbonate (Mg-ACC) forms; 2) After a temperature-dependent induction time, this Mg-ACC partially dehydrates and orders prior to its rapid (<5 min) crystallization to non-stoichiometric proto-dolomite (with a lower Mg/Ca ratio compared to dolomite). This occurs via the dissolution of Mg-ACC, followed by the secondary nucleation of proto-dolomite from solution. 3) Finally, the proto-dolomite crystallization proceeds via spherulitic growth that follows a growth front nucleation mechanism with a de novo and continuous formation of nanocrystalline proto-dolomite subunits that form spherical aggregates. In stage three of the reaction, the proto-dolomite transforms to highly crystalline and stoichiometric dolomite on a much longer timescale (hours to days), via an Ostwald-ripening mechanism. Such a three-stage crystallization can explain microbially induced proto-dolomites observed in modern hypersaline settings and may also be the route by which the Cryogenian cap dolomite deposits of the Neoproterozoic formed. 

Uses

Dolomite is used as an ornamental stone, a concrete aggregate, and a source of magnesium oxide, as well as in the Pidgeon process for the production of magnesium. It is an important petroleum reservoir rock, and serves as the host rock for large strata-bound Mississippi Valley-Type (MVT) ore deposits of base metals such as lead, zinc, and copper. Where calcite limestone is uncommon or too costly, dolomite is sometimes used in its place as a flux for the smelting of iron and steel. Large quantities of processed dolomite are used in the production of float glass.

In horticulture, dolomite and dolomitic limestone are added to soils and soilless potting mixes as a pH buffer and as a magnesium source. Home and container gardening are common examples of this use.

Dolomite is also used as the substrate in marine (saltwater) aquariums to help buffer changes in pH of the water.

Calcined dolomite is also used as a catalyst for destruction of tar in the gasification of biomass at high temperature. 

Particle physics researchers like to build particle detectors under layers of dolomite to enable the detectors to detect the highest possible number of exotic particles. Because dolomite contains relatively minor quantities of radioactive materials, it can insulate against interference from cosmic rays without adding to background radiation levels. 

Dolomite is a popular choice for motorcycle speedway tracks throughout Australia and New Zealand.

Dolomite is used in the ceramic industry and in studio pottery as a glaze ingredient, contributing magnesium and calcium as glass melt fluxes.
Question:
Dolomite is an ore of which metal?
Answer:
C8H14MgO10
Passage:
Farringford House
Farringford was the much loved home of Poet Laureate, Alfred Lord Tennyson, for forty years until his death in 1892. The main house dates from 1806 with gothic embellishments and extensions added from the 1830s. Of particular historical importance is the second library built by Lady Emily Tennyson in 1871 with a play room below connected by a turreted winding staircase. The grounds are laid to lawn, rose borders and informal planting. Evidence remains of Tennyson's planting schemes together with a section of the walled garden and wooden footpaths.

The house and grounds are currently undergoing a programme of restoration having been a hotel since it left the Tennyson family's ownership in the 1940s. The house is scheduled to open in 2016 as a study centre and will host group visits, writer's retreats, creative workshops, concerts and exhibitions. On the estate there are fourteen 4* self-catering cottages available all year round, a helicopter landing pad, a restaurant which caters to both guests and local residents, a 9-hole golf course, outdoor heated swimming pool, tennis court and children's play area. 

The estate is located on Bedbury Lane, Freshwater Bay, on the Western tip of the Isle of Wight. Some of the surrounding houses, particularly those in Middleton at the start of Moons Hill are connected with the Farringford's history, once forming part of the estate. The houses at the end of Queens Road, the junction near the farm used to be stables where Fred Pontin's horses where kept.

Southern Vectis' Needles Breezer Open Top bus has a stop outside the Farringford and this is the only bus that goes down Bedbury Lane towards Alum Bay.

Tennyson wrote of Farringford:

Tennyson rented Farringford in 1853, and then bought it in 1856.  He found that there were too many starstruck tourists who pestered him in Farringford, so he moved to "Aldworth", a stately home on a hill known as Blackdown between Lurgashall and Fernhurst, about 2 km south of Haslemere in West Sussex in 1869. However, he returned to Farringford to spend the winters.
Question:
Farringford House on the Isle of Wight was the home of which poet?
Answer:
A. tennyson
Passage:
Ophidiophobia
Ophidiophobia or ophiophobia is a particular type of specific phobia, the abnormal fear of snakes. Fear of snakes is sometimes called by a more general term, herpetophobia, fear of reptiles and/or amphibians. The word comes from the Greek words "ophis" () which refers to snake and "phobia" () meaning fear. 

Care must also be taken to differentiate people who do not like snakes or fear them for their venom or the inherent danger involved. An  ophidiophobe would not only fear them when in live contact but also dreads to think about them or even see them on TV or in pictures. 

About a third of adult humans are ophidiophobic, making this the most common reported phobia.  Scientists have theorised that humans may have an innate reaction to snakes, which was vital for the survival of humankind as it allowed such dangerous threats to be identified immediately. 

Fictional cases

* Ophidiophobia is a characteristic of adventurer Indiana Jones.
Question:
Ophidiophobia is an abnormal fear of what creatures?
Answer:
Snkae
Passage:
New Zealand is home to 3 million people and 60 million sheep
New Zealand is home to 3 million people and 60 million sheep
Statistics NZ Home > Browse for statistics > Population > Population mythbusters > New Zealand is home to 3 million people and 60 million sheep
New Zealand is home to 3 million people and 60 million sheep
Sections on this page
Population mythbusters
It’s widely believed that New Zealand has 20 sheep for every person – information that adds weight to myriad sheep jokes. How accurate is this these days?
To begin with, we must find out how many people live in New Zealand. The population passed the 4 million mark in 2003. Our  population clock put the event at precisely 5.30 pm on Thursday, 24 April. By 30 June 2015, the estimated resident population had reached 4.60 million people.
Next, we must find out how many sheep we have. According to Statistics NZ's agricultural production statistics, we had an estimated 29.5 million sheep at 30 June 2015.
This means that the sheep-to-person ratio has fallen and contrary to popular belief there are actually about six sheep per person, not 20.
Conclusion
This myth is busted. The information is now out of date.
However, it is still true that people in New Zealand are greatly outnumbered by sheep, and our sheep-to-person ratio is high relative to other countries. It’s still twice as high as Australia's, for example, which currently has fewer than three sheep per person. As with New Zealand, this is due to declining sheep numbers and a growing human population.
New Zealanders have also long been outnumbered by cattle, although not to the same extent as by sheep. There are currently 6.4 million dairy and 3.6 million beef cattle in New Zealand. While the cattle population is growing at a slower rate than the human population, there has been a notable shift in the make-up of the cattle population. In 1994, 43.2 percent of cattle were dairy cattle. By 2015, that proportion had increased to 64.0 percent.
A bit of sheep history
New Zealand sheep numbers peaked in 1982, with a total of 70.3 million sheep. In the same year, 3.18 million people lived in New Zealand. This works out to 22 sheep per person.
Sheep numbers have gradually declined since the mid-1980s, due to factors such as depressed wool prices, droughts in the 1990s, and competition from other land-intensive farming activities (eg dairy and forestry). While sheep numbers stabilised and even grew slightly in the mid-2000s, numbers soon decreased again, reaching the low of 29.5 million in 2015.
Some sheep facts from  An Encyclopedia of New Zealand for the historians among us:
New Zealand's first sheep were set ashore by Captain Cook in 1773.
Rapid sheep population growth in the 1850s and 1860s was due mostly to permanent immigration, rather than natural increase. In 1864 alone, 13,000 sheep arrived in Canterbury from Australia. Droughts meant that sheep could always be bought cheaply from Australia. Drought continues to affect Australian farmers and sheep numbers.
The first shipment of frozen lamb and mutton sailed to London from Port Chalmers on the Dunedin in 1882.
For your information
Question:
What country has about 4.5 million people, but 40 million sheep?
Answer:
N Z
Passage:
Sabatier
Sabatier is the maker's mark used by several kitchen knife manufacturers—by itself it is not a registered brand name. The name Sabatier is considered to imply a high-quality knife produced by one of a number of manufacturers in the Thiers region of France using a fully forged process; the knives of some of these manufacturers are highly regarded. However, the name "Sabatier" came into use before intellectual property laws and is not protected; knives legally bearing the name range from high-quality knives made in France to cheap mass-produced products of poor quality from France and other countries; a registered logo or full name, or both, such as "65 Sabatier Perrier", is necessary to establish origin and quality.

Origins

The name originated in Thiers, France at the beginning of the 19th century. The area of Thiers has been associated with the cutlery industry since the Middle Ages.  With the advent of the industrial age manufacturers began to consolidate their crafts or trades by creating brand or trade marks.

Early controversy

Two separate families began using the name Sabatier to market their knives. The families do not appear to be related except by name and craft. Jean Sabatier of Le Moutier (lower Thiers) and Phillipe Sabatier of Bellevue (upper Thiers). There is much dispute who registered the trademark first with each citing evidence.

Brand names

The use of the Sabatier name is an anomaly of "branding" because the name was used by many different companies before intellectual property or trademark laws were fully established in France. In order to distinguish between the various makers of Sabatier knives, manufacturers are required to include a second word or symbol along with SABATIER. Over the years many marks were registered. In 1979, after the sale of the Moutier Sabatier brands to Cuisinox, the various holders of the brands formed an association to protect the brand name.

* SABATIER frères
* K SABATIER
* SABATIER PERRIER
* 65 SABATIER
* 62 SABATIER
* France SABATIER Jeune K Garanti
* SABATIER Jeune Garanti with a bunch of grapes
* SABATIER Acier Fondu Garanti with a bunch of grapes
* France SABATIER Acier Fondu couronne K Garanti
* Véritable SABATIER France
* Professional SABATIER
* SABATIER Professional
* V SABATIER France
* V SABATIER Acier Fondu Garanti
* V SABATIER Extra Fin
* SABATIER 689 Couronné
* SABATIER Couronné
* SABATIER 589 Couronné
* SABATIER Trompette
* SABATIER Deg
* SABATIER****
* SabatieR
* SABATIER Trumpet France
* Sarry SABATIER
* Le vrai SABATIER
* Le seul SABATIER
* L’unique SABATIER 1ère qualité
* SABATIER with a stylised slicing disk
* SABATIER Lion
* SABATIER Diamant
* SABATIER Elephant

Manufacturing process

Among the many Sabatier manufacturers in Thiers, France, most provide high quality cutlery using traditional forging techniques that were developed in the area in the early and mid-19th century. Most of these manufacturers use a "fully forged" technique and a hand shaping and sharpening process using local skilled labour.

Fully forged means that three of the four knife parts (blade, bolster, tang and handle) are forged from a single piece of steel. In this process, a single cylinder shaped steel billet is heated where the bolster will be, and squeezed from the ends to create a bulge. The entire piece is heated again and forged to the shape of the blade, bolster, and tang using forging dies in one operation. Afterward, a clipping tool is used to cut the forged piece to the rough shape of the knife. Finally, the handles are riveted on, and the final shaping and sharpening is done by hand. The alternative way to manufacture knives is stamping; forging has traditionally been considered superior, but from the late 20th century some knives of excellent quality have been produced by stamping.

Confusion continues

While there are many knife manufacturers using Sabatier as their brand, some Sabatier manufacturers are considered authentic, and some are not. Generally speaking among connoisseurs of fine cutlery, only knives manufactured in Thiers, France from well established manufacturers from the 19th century are considered "genuine" Sabatier knives.

Many other manufacturers, both in France and elsewhere, use the Sabatier name on their knives; however, they are usually mass-produced, and of poor quality.  Neither words such as vrai or garanti, nor "Made in France", ensure a good knife.

Companies selling Sabatier knives

Sabatier brands have been sold on to many companies over the years. The following list is an attempt to link the present day owners to the brands.

ETS Sabatier Aîné & Perrier

Sabatier Aîné & Perrier claim to be the oldest Sabatier knife maker still in existence and operated by the descendants of Phillipe Sabatier of Bellevue, Thiers, France. They have operated for more than 150 years and have sold under the brand name [Sabatier-k] since 1834. First references to the mark "K" can be found in the town archives, engraved on the Silver Tablet of Cutlers, dated 7 June 1813 under number 231.

[http://www.sabatier-k.com/uk/index.php Company website]

Thiers Issard Sabatier

Thiers Issard Sabatier have manufactured the Sabatier****Elephant knives in Thiers since 1958.

Therias et L'Econome

Therias et L'Econome claim to have been manufacturing knives in Thiers since 1819. They sell Sabatier knives under the brand L'Unique Sabatier as well as Mexeur & Cie.

[http://www.therias.com Company Website]

Rousselon Frères

Owners of the Mexeur Lion Sabatier make of knives since 1991, manufactured in Thiers. They claim the make was officially registered in 1812.

[http://www.rousselon.fr Company Website]

Sabatier Diamant

Manufacture the Sabatier Diamant brand in Thiers.

[http://www.sabatier.com Company Website]

Amefa Couzon Cuisinox

In December 2005 Dutch company Amefa bought France's second-largest cutlery company Couzon, the owner of Cuisinox. They own the Sabatier Trompette (trumpet) brand, but have dropped the Sabatier name. Amefa in 2007 took over Richardson Sheffield, which owns the V Sabatier and R Sabatier ranges.
Question:
Sabatier, Victorinox and Füritechnics are leading makers of Kitchen?
Answer:
Ansall
