Passage:
Mrs Biggs
Mrs Biggs is a 2012 British television series based on the true story of the wife of the Great Train Robber, Ronnie Biggs. The series covers Mrs Charmian Biggs' journey from naïve young woman to Biggs' wife and the mother of three young sons. Money worries force her husband to ask for a loan from Bruce Reynolds, planner of the most famous crime in British history, the Great Train Robbery of August 1963. The aftermath of the train robbery and Biggs subsequent escape from prison leads to a life of flight for Charmian and her children as she tries to keep the family together. 

Charmian Biggs is played by Sheridan Smith; Ronnie Biggs is played by Daniel Mays. The series was written by Jeff Pope, in co-operation with the real Charmian Biggs.  Smith's performance as Charmian received widespread critical acclaim, and she ultimately won the 2013 BAFTA Television Award for Best Actress. 
 
Cast

*Sheridan Smith as Charmian Biggs. The wife of the Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs. For her performance Smith won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress and nominations for the National Television Award for Outstanding Female Dramatic Perforamce and the Royal Television Society for Best Actress
*Daniel Mays as Ronnie Biggs. For his performance Mays gained a nomination for the National Television Awards for Outstanding Male Dramatic Performance
*Jay Simpson as Bruce Reynolds
*Claire Rushbrook as Ruby Wright
*Jack Lowden as Alan Wright
*Tom Brooke as Mike Haynes
*Leo Gregory as Eric Flower
*Freya Stafford as Julie Flower
*Denise Roberts as Annie
*Adrian Scarborough as Bernard Powell, Charmian's father
*Caroline Goodall as Muriel Powell, Charmian's mother
*Florence Bell as Gillian Powell, Charmian's sister
*Phil Cornwell as Detective Sergeant Jack Slipper
*Robin Hooper as Mr Kerslake
*Luke Newberry as Gordon
*Iain McKee as Charlie Wilson
*Matthew Cullum as Buster Edwards
*Jon Foster as Goody
*Ron Cook as Peter
*George Oliver as Polish Henry

Production notes

The series was filmed in London, Surrey, Buckinghamshire, Manchester, Adelaide and Melbourne. 

Scenes of the Great Train Robbery were recreated on the East Lancashire Railway using a locomotive from the same batch of engines involved in the 1963 raid. 

Charmian Biggs acted as a consultant on the series and flew to Britain from Australia in February 2012, just before filming began. She also visited Ronnie, who was ill; the couple had divorced in 1976 but remain on good terms. Some of the names in the series were changed for legal reasons.

Charmian met actress Sheridan Smith and sat with her at the manuscript read-through.

While filming in Australia, Sheridan Smith and Daniel Mays spent an evening at Charmian’s house, where she showed them her archive of personal letters and scrapbooks. 

Charmian herself appears in the background of one of the scenes in the public gallery of the Australian court when the lawyer is arguing for her to be released. 

Episode list

DVD

A region 2, two disc set of the series was released on 15 October 2012.
Question:
Who played the title role in the 2012 ITV drama series 'Mrs Biggs'?
Answer:
Sheridan Smith
Passage:
Derringer Hideouts - Guns of the Old West
Derringer Hideouts - Guns of the Old West
Derringer Hideouts
By |
March 4, 2013
Any of these “Stingy” guns surrounding the NAA Mini Revolver might have been found in a frontier gambler’s vest pocket or up his sleeve.
The original concealed carry handgun, when push came to shove at the card table most gamblers would rather have a Derringer or even a Mini Revolver up their sleeve than any hidden Ace.
The original concealed carry handgun, when push came to shove at the card table most gamblers would rather have a Derringer or even a Mini Revolver up their sleeve than any hidden Ace.
“Stingy” guns are small handguns meant to be carried concealed. In our Old West, these included Derringers and other small revolvers.
The classic cartridge Derringer is the Remington Model 95 Double Derringer. Introduced in 1866 in .41 Short Rimfire caliber, over 150,000 were produced in its 69 years of production. We fans of the 1950’s and 1960’s TV Westerns saw a Remington Double Derringer used often by Richard Boone as Paladin in “Have Gun, Will Travel”. Carried concealed behind his belt buckle, Paladin used it to good effect after being “disarmed.”
The little Remington weighs 11 ounces, is a single-action with spur trigger, birdshead grip, 4¾-inch overall length with 3-inch over/under barrels and a pivoting firing pin that alternates barrels with each cocking of the hammer. Standard grips are checkered black hard rubber and fired cases are ejected manually with a push type double ejector located on the left side of the barrels. The thumbpiece on the ejector is nicely checkered. The barrel assembly hinges at the top rear and rotates upward to load and unload. A thumb-operated barrel lock is located on the bottom right side of the frame. The .41 Short cartridge was not known for its stopping power with its 13 grains of black powder and 130-grain lead bullet, but the large holes in the small muzzle would give pause to anyone looking down them.
While many a Double Derringer rode in a vest pocket, legendary holstermaker S.D. Myres of El Paso, Texas made a leather wristband with a leather-covered U-shaped spring specifically sized for the little Remington Derringer. With the loose fitting shirtsleeve cuffs in fashion at the time, many a frontier or riverboat gambler had a Remington Double Derringer in a wristband holster “up his sleeve.”
For the rest of the article please see the print issue of GoW Fall 2012 #75.
Question:
Which TV western character carried a derringer behind his belt buckle
Answer:
Paladin
Passage:
Hamerkop
The hamerkop (Scopus umbretta), also known as hammerkop, hammerkopf, hammerhead, hammerhead stork, umbrette, umber bird, tufted umber, or anvilhead, is a medium-sized wading bird 56 cm in length with a weight of 470 g. The shape of its head with a long bill and crest at the back is reminiscent of a hammer, hence its name. It ranges from Africa, Madagascar to Arabia, in wetlands of a wide variety, including estuaries, lakesides, fish ponds, riverbanks and rocky coasts in Tanzania. The hamerkop, which is a sedentary bird that often show local movements, is not globally threatened and is locally abundant in Africa and Madagascar. 

Taxonomy and systematics

The hamerkop is usually included in the Ciconiiformes, but might be closer to the Pelecaniformes.  It constitutes a family (Scopidae) and genus (Scopus) all on its own because of its unique characteristics.

Subspecies

There are two subspecies, Scopus umbretta umbretta and Scopus umbreta minor.

* S. u. umbretta, live in most of tropical Africa, south-west Arabia and Madagascar.
* S. u. minor, found in coastal belt from Sierra Leone to east Nigeria.

Description

Its plumage is a drab brown with purple iridescence on the back (the subspecies S. u. minor is darker). The bill is long, flat, and slightly hooked. The neck and legs are shorter than those of most of the Ciconiiformes. The hamerkop has, for unknown reasons, partially webbed feet. The middle toe is comb-like (pectinated) like a heron's. Its tail is short and its wings are big, wide, and round-tipped; it soars well. When it does so, it stretches its neck forward like a stork or ibis, but when it flaps, it coils its neck back something like a heron.

Vocalisations include cackles and a shrill call given in flight. Hamerkops are mostly silent except when in groups.

Distribution and habitat

The hamerkop occurs in Africa south of the Sahara, Madagascar and coastal south-west Arabia in all wetland habitats, including irrigated land such as rice paddies, as well as in savannahs and forests. Most are sedentary within their territories, which are held by pairs, but some migrate into suitable habitat during the wet season only. Whenever new bodies of water are created, such as dams or canals, hamerkops quickly move in.

Behaviour and ecology

The hamerkop's behaviour is unlike other birds. One unusual feature is that up to ten birds join in "ceremonies" in which they run circles around each other, all calling loudly, raising their crests, fluttering their wings. Another is "false mounting", in which one bird stands on top of another and appears to mount it, but they may not be mates and do not copulate.

Breeding

The strangest aspect of hamerkop behaviour is the huge nest, sometimes more than  across, comprising perhaps 10,000 sticks and strong enough to support a man's weight. The birds decorate the outside with any bright-coloured objects they can find. When possible, they build the nest in the fork of a tree, often over water, but if necessary they build on a bank, a cliff, a human-built wall or dam, or on the ground. A pair starts by making a platform of sticks held together with mud, then builds walls and a domed roof. A mud-plastered entrance 13 - wide in the bottom leads through a tunnel up to 60 cm long to a nesting chamber big enough for the parents and young.

These birds are compulsive nest builders, constructing three to five nests per year whether they are breeding or not. Barn owls and eagle owls may force them out and take over the nests, but when the owls leave, the hamerkops may reuse the nests. Snakes, small mammals such as genets, and various birds live in abandoned nests, and weaver birds, starlings, and pigeons may attach their nests to the outside.

At the finished nest, a pair gives displays similar to those of the group ceremonies and mates, often on top of the nest. The clutch consists of three to seven eggs which start white but soon become stained. Both sexes incubate for 28 to 30 days. Both feed the young, often leaving them alone for long times; this unusual habit for wading birds may be made possible by the thick nest walls. The young hatch covered with grey down. By 17 days after hatching, their head and crest plumage is developed, and in a month, their body plumage. They leave the nest at 44 to 50 days but roost in it at night until about two months after hatching.

Food and feeding

Hamerkops feed during the day, often taking a break at noon to roost. They normally feed alone or in pairs. The food is typical of long-legged wading birds, and the most important is amphibians. They also eat fish, shrimp, insects and rodents. They walk in shallow water looking for prey, shuffling one foot at a time on the bottom or suddenly opening their wings to flush prey out of hiding. The same shuffling technique is used to locate food in middens of fish remains.

*[http://www.nature-photography.be/images/Hamerkop_with_frog2.jpg Hamerkop swallowing a frog]

In culture

There are many legends about the hamerkop. In some regions, people state that other birds help it build its nest. The ǀXam informants of Wilhelm Bleek said that when a hamerkop flew and called over their camp, they knew that someone close to them had died.

It is known in some cultures as the lightning bird, and the Kalahari Bushmen believe or believed that being hit by lightning resulted from trying to rob a hamerkop's nest. They also believe that the inimical god Khauna would not like anyone to kill a hamerkop.  According to an old Malagasy belief, anyone who destroys its nest will get leprosy, and a Malagasy poem calls it an "evil bird".  Such beliefs have given the bird some protection. 

Scopus, a database of abstracts and citations for scholarly journal articles, received its name in honour of this bird, as the hamerkop is renowned for its superior navigation skills.
Question:
A hammerkop is what type of creature?
Answer:
Avians
Passage:
Shop sells breast milk ice cream: London restaurant ...
Shop sells breast milk ice cream: London restaurant Icecreamists' Baby Gaga | Daily Mail Online
Unusual: A Baby Gaga waitress serves the breast milk cocktail in the Icecreamists shop, Covent Garden
When a well-stocked ice cream parlour says they sell every flavour, there are usually limits.
But one restaurant in London is selling breast milk ice cream which is being served to customers in a cocktail glass.
Icecreamists, based in Covent Garden, have named the £14 dish Baby Gaga.
Victoria Hiley, 35, from Leeds provided the first 30 fluid ounces of milk which was enough to make the first 50 servings.
But the company are looking for more women to provide breast milk - and are providing £15 for every ten ounces extracted using breast pumps.
The recipe blends breast milk with Madagascan vanilla pods and lemon zest, which is then freshly churned into ice cream.
A costumed Baby Gaga waitress serves the ice cream in a martini glass filled  with the breast milk ice cream mix. Liquid nitrogen is then poured into the glass through a syringe and it is served with a rusk.
It can be served with whisky or another cocktail on request.
Mother-of-one Victoria said: 'I saw the advert offering to pay women to donate breast milk on a forum and it made me laugh.
'There were so many comments and people were having a debate on whether it could be genuine. So I thought I'd find out.'
Another 13 women have volunteered to donate their breast milk.
China is not the only country that has seen a rise in breast milk for adults. In 2011, London outlet The Icreamists hit the headlines with its Baby Gaga dessert (pictured) made from human breast milk and served with a rusk
Bizarre: Company founder Matt O'Connor, 44, and the Lady Gaga waitress in the central London store
To maintain the highest standards, health checks for the lactating women are exactly the same used by the NHS to screen blood donors.
Ms Hiley added: 'It wasn't intrusive at all to donate - just a simple blood test. What could be more natural than fresh, free-range mothers milk in an ice cream?'
Victoria works with women who have problems breast feeding their babies.
She said she believes that if adults realise how tasty breast milk actually is, new mothers will be more willing to breast feed their own newborns.
'You can kid yourself that its a healthy ice cream!' said Victoria.
Donor: Victoria Hiley, 25, provided 30 fluid ounces - enough to make the first 50 servings
'But it is very nice it really melts in the mouth. I teach women how to get started on breast feeding their babies. There's very little support for women and every little helps.
'I'm passionate about the good that breast feeding does for babies.'
Founder Matt O'Connor, 44, is confident his new ice cream will go down well with the paying public.
'The Baby Gaga tastes creamy and rich. No-one's done anything interesting with ice cream in the last hundred years,' he said.
'We've came up with a method of infusing ice-cream with breast milk. We wanted to completely reinvent it.
'And by using breast milk we've definitely given it a one hundred percent makeover. Its just one of a dozen radical new flavours we've invented. We want to change the way people think about ice cream'.
Bizarre: A costumed Baby Gaga waitress serves the ice cream in a martini glass filled with the breast milk ice cream mix. Liquid nitrogen is then poured into the glass through a syringe and it is served with a rusk
Question:
In 2011 a London ice cream parlour was in the news for selling an ice cream at £14.99 a scoop made from what?
Answer:
Milked titty
Passage:
Corduroy
Corduroy is a textile composed of twisted fibers that, when woven, lie parallel (similar to twill) to one another to form the cloth's distinct pattern, a "cord."  Modern corduroy is most commonly composed of tufted cords, sometimes exhibiting a channel (bare to the base fabric) between the tufts. Corduroy is, in essence, a ridged form of velvet.

The fabric looks as if it is made from multiple cords laid parallel to each other and then stitched together. The word corduroy is from cord and duroy, a coarse woolen cloth made in England in the 18th century.  The interpretation of the word as corde du roi (from French, the cord of the King) is a folk etymology.  

As a fabric, corduroy is considered a durable cloth.  Corduroy is found in the construction of trousers, jackets and shirts.  The width of the cord is commonly referred to as the size of the "wale" (i.e. the number of ridges per inch).  The lower the "wale" number, the thicker the width of the wale (e.g., 4-wale is much thicker than 11-wale). Corduroy’s wale count per inch can vary from 1.5 to 21, although the traditional standard falls somewhere between 10 and 12. Wide wale is more commonly used in trousers and furniture upholstery (primarily couches); medium, narrow, and fine wale fabrics are usually found in garments worn above the waist.

Corduroy is made by weaving extra sets of fiber into the base fabric to form vertical ridges called wales. The wales are built so that clear lines can be seen when they are cut into pile. The primary types of corduroy are:
* Standard wale: 11 wales/inch, and available in many colours
* Pincord/pinwale/needlecord: Pincord is the finest cord around with a count at the upper end of the spectrum (above 16)
* Pigment dyed/printed corduroy: The process of colouring or printing corduroy with pigment dyes. The dye is applied to the surface of the fabric, then the garment is cut and sewn. When washed during the final phase of the manufacturing process, the pigment dye washes out in an irregular way, creating a vintage look. The colour of each garment becomes softer with each washing, and there is a subtle color variation from one to the next. No two are alike.

Other names

Other names are often used for corduroy. Alternative names include: corded velveteen, elephant cord, pin cord, Manchester cloth and cords. 

In continental Europe, corduroy is commonly known simply as "Manchester", "Cord", "rib cord" or "rib velvet". Corduroy is a material traditionally used in making British country clothing, such as in coat and jacket collars.
Question:
Manchester Trousers are made of Manchester cloth, which is another name for what?
Answer:
Manchester cloth
Passage:
Behind the Shades eBook by Duncan Fletcher - Kobo
Behind the Shades eBook by Duncan Fletcher - 9781847394972 | Kobo
Show more
Show less
Before his resignation in April 2007, Duncan Fletcher had been the most successful England cricket coach of the modern era. In the glorious summer of 2005 Fletcher's management and coaching skills reached their apogee, as England regained the Ashes from Australia for the first time since 1985. Widely acclaimed as the greatest Test series in the history of the game, this five-match contest thrilled the nation with its extraordinary swings of fortune. It was a personal triumph for Fletcher, and the high point of his tenure as England coach.
One of the most experienced and senior figures in the game, Fletcher now looks back over his life and career as he ponders his next step. What was it that drove him from a sporty and competitive Rhodesian farming family to the heights of international cricket? What lessons has he drawn from his successful business career in forging a winning team? Full of telling insights and frank assessments of the players and administrators he has had the pleasure and pain of working alongside, Behind the Shadesis the riveting and revelatory autobiography of the man who put the pride back into the England cricket team.
Buy the eBook
Question:
'Behind the Shades' is the autobiography of which controversial sports figure? -
Answer:
Dunkey Fletcher
Passage:
Barry Levinson
Barry Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American filmmaker, screenwriter, and actor. Levinson's best-known works are comedy-drama and drama films such as, Diner (1982), The Natural (1984), Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), Rain Man (1988), Bugsy (1991), and Wag the Dog (1997).    He won the Academy Award for Best Director for his work on Rain Man, which also won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Early life

Levinson was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Violet "Vi" (née Krichinsky) and Irvin Levinson, who worked in the furniture and appliance business.   His family was of Russian Jewish descent.  

Career

Levinson's first writing work was for variety shows such as The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine, The Lohman and Barkley Show, The Tim Conway Show, and The Carol Burnett Show. After some success as a screenwriter – notably the Mel Brooks comedies Silent Movie (1976) and High Anxiety (1977) (in which he played a bellboy) and the Oscar-nominated script (co-written by then-wife Valerie Curtin) ...And Justice for All (1979) – Levinson began his career as a director with Diner (1982), for which he had also written the script and which earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Screenplay.

Diner was the first of a series of films set in the Baltimore of Levinson's youth. The others were Tin Men (1987), a story of aluminum-siding salesmen in the 1960s starring Richard Dreyfuss and Danny DeVito; the immigrant family saga Avalon (which featured Elijah Wood in one of his earliest screen appearances), and Liberty Heights (1999).

His biggest hit, both critically and financially, was Rain Man (1988), a sibling drama starring Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise (Levinson appeared in a cameo as a doctor). The film won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. It also won the Golden Bear at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Another of his notable films is the popular period baseball drama The Natural (1984), starring Robert Redford. Redford would later direct Quiz Show (1994) and cast Levinson as television personality Dave Garroway. Levinson also directed the classic war comedy Good Morning, Vietnam (1987), starring Robin Williams, with whom he later collaborated on the fantasy Toys (1992) and the political comedy Man of the Year (2006). Levinson also directed the critically acclaimed historical crime drama Bugsy (1991), which starred Warren Beatty and was nominated for ten Academy Awards.

He directed Dustin Hoffman again in Wag the Dog (1997), a political comedy co-starring Robert De Niro about a war staged in a film studio (Levinson had been an uncredited co-writer on Hoffman's 1982 hit comedy Tootsie). The film won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Levinson partnered with producer Mark Johnson to form the film production company Baltimore Pictures. The two parted ways in 1994. Levinson has been a producer or executive producer for such major productions as The Perfect Storm (2000), directed by Wolfgang Petersen; Analyze That (2002), starring De Niro as a neurotic mob boss and Billy Crystal as his therapist, and Possession (2002), based on the best-selling novel by A. S. Byatt.

He has a television production company with Tom Fontana (The Levinson/Fontana Company) and served as executive producer for a number of series, including Homicide: Life on the Street (which ran on NBC from 1993 to 1999) and the HBO prison drama Oz. Levinson also played an uncredited main role as a judge in the short-lived TV series The Jury.

Levinson published his first novel, Sixty-Six (ISBN 0-7679-1533-X), in 2003. Like several of his films, it is semi-autobiographical and set in Baltimore in the 1960s. He directed two webisodes of the American Express ads "The Adventures of Seinfeld and Superman". In 2004, Levinson was the recipient of the Austin Film Festival's Distinguished Screenwriter Award. Levinson directed a documentary PoliWood about the 2008 Democratic and Republican National Conventions. The documentary, produced by Tim Daly, Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc, had its premiere at the 2009 Tribeca Film Festival.

Levinson is in production on a film based on Whitey Bulger, the Boston crime boss.  The film Black Mass (script by Jim Sheridan, Jez Butterworth, and Russell Gewirtz) is based on the book by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill, and is said to be the "true story of Billy Bulger, Whitey Bulger, FBI agent John Connelly and the FBI's witness protection program that was created by J. Edgar Hoover." 

In September 2013, Levinson was set to direct the film titled Rock the Kasbah, written by Mitch Glazer. Bruce Willis, Shia LaBeouf, Bill Murray and Kate Hudson will star in the film. He has also finished production on The Humbling (2015), starring Al Pacino.

In 2010 Levinson received the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement, which is the lifetime achievement award from the Writers Guild of America.

Filmography

Film

Television
Question:
Which film won Oscars for Best picture, Best Director Barry Levinson and Best Actor Dustin Hoffman?
Answer:
Rainman
Passage:
Roller skates
Roller skates are shoes, or bindings that fit onto shoes, that are worn to enable the wearer to roll along on wheels. The first roller skate was effectively an ice skate with wheels replacing the blade. Later the "quad" style of roller skate became more popular consisting of four wheels arranged in the same configuration as a typical car.

History

The first patented roller skate was introduced in 1760 by Dutch-Belgian inventor John Joseph Merlin. His roller skate wasn't much more than an ice skate with wheels where the blade goes, a style we would call inline today. They were hard to steer and hard to stop because they didn't have brakes and as such were not very popular. The initial "test pilot" of the first prototype of the skate was in the city of Huy, which had a party with Merlin playing the violin.

In 1863, James Plimpton from Massachusetts invented the "rocking" skate and used a four-wheel configuration for stability, and independent axles that turned by pressing to one side of the skate or the other when the skater wants to create an edge. This was a vast improvement on the Merlin design that was easier to use and drove the huge popularity of roller skating, dubbed  "rinkomania" in the 1860s and 1870s,  which spread to Europe and around the world, and continued through the 1930s. The Plimpton skate is still used today.

Eventually, roller skating evolved from just a pastime to a competitive sport; speed skating, racing on skates, and inline figure skating, very similar to what you see in the Olympics on ice. In the mid 1990s roller hockey, played with a ball rather than a puck, became so popular that it even made an appearance in the Olympics in 1992. The National Sporting Goods Association statistics showed, from a 1999 study, that 2.5 million people played roller hockey. Roller Skating was considered for the 2012 Summer Olympics  but has never become an Olympic event.  Other roller skating sports include jam skating and roller derby. Roller skating popularity exploded during the disco era but tapered off in the 80s and 90s.

The Roller Skating Rink Operators Association was developed in the U.S in 1937. It is currently named the Roller Skating Association. The association promotes roller skating and offers classes to the public, aiming to educate the population about roller skating. The current President is Bobby Pender. The Roller Skating Association headquarters is located in Indianapolis.

Health benefits

The Roller Skating Association's web page offers some [http://rollerskatesreviews.com/the-benefits-of-roller-skating-for-women/ health benefits] of roller skating. Some of these benefits include providing a complete aerobic workout and burning 350 calories per hour while skating 6 mph or 600 calories while skating 10 mph. In the 1980s rollerskating as aerobic exercise flourished briefly. Marnie Bjornson's 1988 exercise video "Roller Burn" combined rollerskating with tai chi moves. Roller skating is equivalent to jogging in terms of health benefits. The American Heart Association recommends roller skating as an aerobic fitness sport.
Question:
In 1760, Belgian inventor Joseph Merlin patented which item of footwear?
Answer:
Roller skate
Passage:
Culet
In gemology, a culet is a flat face on the bottom of a gemstone.  

During the 14th century, after the adoption of the table cut, a further facet was added to the bottom of the cut parallel to the surface of the table.  The term used for these bottom facets derives from the latin word for bottom, culus.  

The culet is added largely to protect the integrity of the gemstone.  On a diamond, the cleavage plane runs parallel to the octahedral faces, and so any damage to the tip of the diamond could cause a split up the entire length of the pavilion.  With other gemstones that are not subject to cleavage, the culet is added to protect the fragility of the pointed tip. 

The culet has remained optional on many diamond cuts up to the present day, and was omitted from Marcel Tolkowsky's original designs for the round brilliant diamond cut in 1919. Nonetheless, culet facets are common on modern brilliant cut diamonds.
Question:
Pavilion, girdle, table, and culet are aspects of a what?
Answer:
Semi precious stones
