Dialogue: Piotr: Are you girls coming today?
Ewa: I am :) 
Aneta: Me too :) I will be there around 8
Piotr: Ok, see you there
Summary: Ewa and Aneta are coming today. Aneta will be there around 8. Piotr will meet them there.
Dialogue: Adam: ...i dont really know if i will come, i think im having a sort of nervous breakdown
Ana: :'(
Missy: Adam, what happened? you have to come and chill out
Ana: need to press the STOP button?
Bruno: OK, dont press STOP, you have to come along, with us and Ana. you will see it will get bettter once you come ;)
Adam: id say, not in general
Bruno: (Y)
Adam: im not gonna make it unfortunately. it is too much. or i will be a wall flower
Missy: I like flowers
Ana: (Y)
Adam: even faded on the wall?
Ana: :D
Margaret: C'mon Adam, a party without your advocaat?
Gwen: Adam would bring chocolate ;)
Bruno: (Y)
Margaret: "chocolate" or chocolate? i dont remember chocolate :D
Gwen: cause it was a special chocoooolaaaaaateeee
Margaret: sillly me :d :D :D
Gwen: Young and stupid :D
Margaret: :D
Adam: e\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\; p
Bruno: did u fall off the chair?
Adam: dumb keyboard
Summary: Adam is not feeling well. Missy, Ana, Margaret and Bruno want him to go out with them.
Dialogue: Elle: Where are youuuuuuuuuuu <file_gif>
Miles: running sorry!!
Miles: Missed the bus
Elle: hurry up I'm freezing
Miles: just find the nearest coffee place and meet me there in 20
Miles: send your location
Elle: ok!
Elle: <file_other>
Summary: Elle and Miles are about to meet. Miles missed the bus and is running late.
Dialogue: Aaron: Sleep
Aaron: Sleeper
Aaron: Sleeper
Aaron: More sleeping
Aaron: Sleepy
Aaron: Zzzzzz….
Debora: Hey love
Debora: Where are you?
Aaron: Drinking a beer
Debora: Outside
Aaron: I locked myself out
Debora: You could have knocked on the door. I would have let you in.
Aaron: I didn’t want to wake you up
Debora: Ok I’m coming
Summary: Aaron is drinking a beer outside. He accidentally locked himself out. Debora will come and let him in. 
Dialogue: Natalie: Lily are you alive? Did she kill you? We called you but no answer
Alex: Call Mary 😂😂😂 and ask for Lily back in the office as someone is waiting for her for a meeting. Hopefully Lily is already driving back...
Lily: Yes 😂😂😂 10 min and we are back.
Natalie: I called Mary as well
Mary: Sorry, I left everything in the car...
Summary: Natalie is worried about Lily. Lily will be back in ten minutes.
Dialogue: Liz: shit, I forgot to pay that invoice
Liz: what do I do now?
Tim: what invoice?
Liz: gas
Tim: pay it asap and call them
Liz: ok
Summary: Liz forgot to pay the gas invoice.
Dialogue: Alex: When are you going to Lisbon?
Martin: this weekend
Alex: for how long?
Martin: 4 days
Martin: why do you ask?
Alex: curious, plus I wnat you to get me something :D
Martin: ok, what do you want?
Alex: a bottle of dry vermouth
Martin: If I find any at the airport I'll get you one
Alex: Thank you
Summary: Martin is going to Lisbon this weekend for 4 days. He will get Alex a bottle of dry vermouth.
Dialogue: Jimmy: Anyone up for a beer?
Tom: Yep, for sure
Rick: oh boy, definitely
Rick: This week chewed me up, swallowed and then threw up on a sidewalk
Jimmy: damn! It's a date then, 7pm at Morty's?
Rick: sure
Summary: Jimmy, Tom and Rick are meeting for a beer at 7 p.m. at Morty's.
Dialogue: Tracy: hahaha did you know today is the pancake day? xD
Tracy: haha and a hamster day
Nick: at the same time? xD hahaha
Dylan: poor little fella xD
Summary: Today is pancake and hamster day.
Dialogue: Peter: got anything planned for the weekend?
Brian: not yet, why?
Peter: Maybe you wanna drop by?
Peter: Andrews coming up from Norway 
Brian: Cool! haven't seen him in years
Peter: Ok I'll let you know the time 
Summary: Andrew is arriving from Norway. Peter and Brian will meet him on the weekend.
Dialogue: Julianna: Mum, I'm soooo bored:-(
Ivona: What's on TV, darling?
Julianna: Nothing special.
Ivona: There must be something on TV!
Julianna: Nothing that's interesting FOR ME.
Ivona: Well, maybe you can read the book I gave you last week? 
Julianna: That one on healthy lifestyle?
Ivona: Exactly. You can learn something new ;-)
Julianna: You’re mean, mother. You know that? 
Ivona: Gosh... what about that new game show?
Julianna: Which one?
Ivona: "Deal or No Deal"
Julianna: Tell me you're joking.
Ivona: I love that show.
Julianna: I watched it once. That was enough.
Ivona: It's on right now. Let's watch it together.
Julianna: All right, it’s better than nothing, after all. Will be downstairs in 2 minutes. 
Summary: Julianna is bored. Ivona suggests that they watch the new TV show "Deal or No Deal" together.
Dialogue: John: A-yo, whazzup?
Chris: <file_photo>
Alex: what the fuck is that?
Chris: guess
John: That’s so boojee!
John: Where did u get it? In Butt-Fuck, Egypt?
Summary: Alex and John are querying what is on Chris'es picture and where he got it from.
Dialogue: Logan: As you guys may know I recently adopted a dog - he has tendency to tear pillows and I was wondering if you guys know any good methods for teaching a dog not to do that.
Annie: Hey, Logan. My dog used to do that to. I did some research on the topic and found this guide <file_other>, I found it very helpful.
Logan: Thank you Annie :)
Vince: The most important thing is reinforcement - you verbally punish your dog (never hit him tho) and reward the times when he starts tearing the pillows but listens to you when you tell him to stop. Be careful tho, he might start playing with them just to stop later and get a treat or something - reward the times when he's near the pillow in a playful mood and doesn't touch them. And most importantly - get him some toys. He might just need something to play with.
Logan: Yeah, I got him several toys, but they might not be enough.
Vince: Maybe something more pillow-like? Like a mascot for dogs or sth?
Logan: Thank you, I'll think of something.
Summary: Logan adopted a dog. The dog destroys his pillows. Annie sends him a book on how to teach the dog not to do that. Vince suggests to reward and punish the dog according to it's behaviour and to get it some toys. 
Dialogue: Harvey: Hey!
Jim: Hey, mate! How are you?
Harvey: Fantastic!
Jim: Did she say 'yes'?
Harvey: :-) :-) :-)
Jim: Congrats, man :-) I'm really happy! For you both.
Harvey: Thanks. 
Jim: How about talking about it at Big Steak?
Harvey: That's exactly what I've been planning :-) Will you wait for me in the office?
Jim: Sure. See you :-)
Harvey: See you
Summary: Harvey's girlfriend said "yes". Jim and Harvey will go to Big Steak together and talk about it.
Dialogue: Dasmine: Sir, you are booked at 3pm tomorrow with Dr.Lee. 
Dasmine: Please confirm us if you come today.
Oliver: Yes, I am coming!
Dasmine: Thank you. I will see you at the hospital tomorrow.
Summary: Oliver confirmed his appointment with Dr. Lee.
Dialogue: Caleb: How are you guys?
Jeniffer: very good, thanks
Brooke: yes, it's very exciting here
Caleb: where are you exactly?
Jeniffer: Now in New York!
Caleb: how cool!
Caleb: what have you seen so far?
Jeniffer: We've been to Connecticut and Massachusetts 
Jeniffer: But NYC is the best
Brooke: you forgot about Rhode Island
Jeniffer: right, such an important state! :P
Brooke: ;)
Caleb: you see, I knew you would like it
Caleb: what do you like the most?
Jeniffer: diversity!
Jeniffer: something we don't have in Europe to that extend
Jeniffer: you're walking down a street and you hear 15 different languages 
Brooke: and everything is exaggerated 
Brooke: too big, greater than needed, it's quite fascinating 
Brooke: food, buildings, cars, everything
Caleb: I'm glad you enjoy it girls!
Brooke: :*
Summary: Jeniffer and Brooke're in New York now. They've been also to Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The thing Jeniffer likes the most in America is diversity while in Brooke's opinion it's urban splendor.
Dialogue: Norma: Hiya, how've you been?
Helena: Good, thanks. Uni same as last year, with a tad less partying!
Norma: God, yeah, I remember it well! Too knackered at the mo.to do much now!
Helena: The world of full-time work treating you well, Love?!
Norma: Well, yeah, the money's a lot better than being a student, I must admit, but I'm studying for my accountancy exams too at home. 
Helena: Eek! I'm not looking forward to all that malarkey!
Norma: You sorted out a job yet? 
Helena: No, still doing the Milk Round, got a few nibbles though!
Norma: Good luck, we may be working together one day. Of course, I'll be your boss, though!
Helena: Big head! Anyway, we must make plans for Christmas!
Norma: Love to, keep in touch.
Helena: You too! Byeee!
Summary: Norma works full-time, earns good money and prepares for her accountancy exams at home. Helena is still busy doing the Milk Round and suggests to make plans for Christmas.
Dialogue: Sophia: Hi Lina, my daughter Parvati is interested in cooking classes. you still have room?
Lina: of course, no problem, next session is saturday the 10th
Sophia: thanks could you tell me how does it cost? 
Lina: 20 euros each class. you may pay by cash or transfer
Sophia: great, Parvati is so happy.
Summary: Parvati will attend Lina's cooking class. The next session is on the 10th. Each session costs 20 euros, payable by cash or transfer.
Dialogue: Kouki: I am starving!! 
Jake: Me too
Jake: But I have stuff to do rn
Kouki: Hurry up!! 
Jake: K Im done soon
Kouki: 🙄
Jake: Where we eat? 
Kouki: downstairs cafeteria
Jake: K 
Summary: Jake and Kouki will have something to eat at the cafeteria downstairs.
Dialogue: Amanda: <file_video>
Amanda: I cried yesterday when I saw this film.
Piper: I'll watch it after this lecture, but thanks!
Piper: I see it's about a dog!
Piper: *.*
Amanda: Yup, but it's quite a sad film.
Amanda: This dog is waiting for his owner.
Piper: Oh, noo... Poor thing. :(
Amanda: Okay, Pipes. I've gotta go  to the gym now.
Piper: Have fun! :*
Amanda: Thanks! Bye! :)
Summary: Amanda saw a sad film yesterday. Piper will watch it after the lecture. Amanda is going to the gym now.
Dialogue: Alex: What mark did you get for the maths test?
Sandra: 95%
Alex: Wow! That's amazing!
Sandra: Yeah, I'm well pleased with that.
Alex: I would be if I got the same.
Sandra: What did you get?
Alex: A measly 55%.
Sandra: That's gotta suck! Poor you! Guess it's still a pass though.
Alex: Just about.
Sandra: Have the physics test tomorrow. Are you studying for that?
Alex: Yeah.
Sandra: Me too.
Sandra: School is really hard this year.
Alex: Says the girl that gets top marks in her class.
Sandra: But I work for them.
Alex: So do I and you still get better than me. Every time.
Sandra: Hehehe...
Alex: You're so modest ;-)
Sandra: Yeah, I know. LOL
Summary: At the maths test, Sandra got 95% and Alex got 55%, which is still a pass. They are studying for the tomorrow's physics test.
Dialogue: Matthew: I'm picking you up at 5 p.m.
Lisa: Ok
Mark: Thanks!
Summary: Matthew will pick up Lisa and Mark at 5 PM.
Dialogue: Lucy:  thanks for the flowers they were lovely
Sue: your welcome sweetheart xx
Lucy: you spoil me ❤
Summary: Sue is spoiling Lucy.
Dialogue: Memphis: have you heard working me by quavo?
Gigi: not yet, but i know quavo had a new song, how is it?
Memphis: dope, look for it
Gigi: i will when i get to the WiFi
Memphis: you're not at home 
Gigi: yeah, i'm in town
Memphis: OK then, look for the song 
Gigi: i will
Summary: Gigi wants Memphis to listen to Quavo's new song.
Dialogue: Leila: I just spent 150usd for one bag of groceries. ONE BAG.
Diana: Don't worry, we spend way more than that and I honestly don't know on what #sad
Leila: And I usually have no breakfast or lunch usually and eat all night. If I didn't exercise I'd be BLOODY ENORMOUS. I honestly don't know you're not the size of a truck
Diana: You only see me on holidays and then I don't count what I eat. I normally don't eat that much
Leila: I hear that. Me too but mostly I do eat like a pig
Diana: You're so weird. And so much smaller than I am anyway
Leila: You're insane
Diana: What I am is too big for my favourite pants
Leila: I brought my fav with me. i BETTER fit in those in a few weeks
Diana: I cannot wear any pants. I only wear jeggings
Leila: Mate :D I LIVE in leggings,
Diana: Yeah but you're tiny! Bitch.
Leila: You know what the box diet is?
Diana: like portion control?
Leila: Yeah, she gets all the meals delivered. She feels great and already has lost some weight
Diana: Do they taste any good?
Leila: Oh yeah, they are yummy. Healthy 5 meals a day and not more than 1200 cal
Diana: I think I just had a piece of cheese that had 1200 :D :D :D
Leila: I hear ya... I wish I could order one...
Diana: Go for ti!
Leila: Too pricey. I have a lot of free time so really no excuses for me not to cook
Diana: I'm gonna do that next year. I've been eating some nasty stuff
Summary: Leila and Diana are complaining about the expense of food. Leila would like to go on the box diet but it's too pricey. Diana is gonna do it next year.
Dialogue: Mary: Can you recommend any gym in our neighbourhood?
Mark: McFit is good
Cole: I don't like it, it's too crowded
Mark: I go there before midday, it's perfect
Cole: in the evening, when the most people go there it's just a disaster
Mary: But I am going to be there before going to the office
Cole: so it can work for you indeed
Mary: good
Cole: and it's quite cheap
Summary: Mark likes the McFit gym and goes there before midday. Cole doesn't like it, thinks it's too crowded in the evenings, but admits it's cheap. Mary wants to go to the gym before going to the office.
Dialogue: Ivy: What day does your flight get in?
Alex: Saturday before xmas.
Ivy: That's the 22nd?
Alex: Yes. I land at 0600.
Ivy: Geez. That's early!
Alex: I know... 
Ivy: I'm thinking of the perfect welcome home meal.
Alex: I bet you are, but I will just want sleep!
Summary: Alex is landing at 6am on Saturday. Ivy will prepare a 'welcome home' meal.
Dialogue: Erik: did Modric really win the ballon d'or XD
Odin: yeah
Erik: no way maannn ...
Odin: why not
Erik: dont tell me hes the best player in the world right now -_-
Odin: he might not be but..
Erik: BUT??
Odin: but he had a great yaer.. trophy wise
Odin: year*
Erik: yeah so??
Odin: so its really fine
Erik: its not fine, that trophy is for the BEST player of the year
Odin: you were hoping for Messi to win it for the 6th time?
Erik: he's still the best for me
Odin: go tell that to France Football XD
Erik: i wish i could :p stupid STUPID people
Summary: To Erik's disappointment, Modric has won the Ballon d'Or.
Dialogue: Kate: I'm so bored. 
Kate: can't study any longer...
Agnes: so fuck it today and go out.. 
Kate: i can't, I've got a test in 5 days
Agnes: even for an hour?
Kate: it's never an hour..
Kate: u need to shower, dress up and so on
Agnes: hah, so u're a dirty intellectual today
Kate: kind of..
Kate: tha's my way of not going out when I  have to study:D
Agnes: hah, never tired it...
Agnes: but it makes sense!
Kate: usually it works and it kind of puts u in the right mood, but not today
Agnes: try to go jogging or for a walk
Agnes: or take a bath :D 
Agnes: I always do it when I'm bored and I need to study:D
Agnes: <file_gif>
Kate: hah! B-)
Kate: bath sounds like sth good and useful
Agnes: Exactly!
Agnes: enjoy and good luck with studying..
Kate: thx <3
Summary: Kate is tired of studying, she has a test in 5 days. Agnes suggests going out but Kate declines, she prefers taking a bath.
Dialogue: Greg: Does anyone of you don’t have Netflix?
Eve: I do, but maybe Paul?
Paul: I don’t, why?
Greg: I want to create an account, but I would like to share it with someone, you up?
Paul: Sure, if it works, why not :)
Greg: Thanks! I’ll read how to do it and then will let you know
Summary: Eve has Netflix. Paul does not have Netflix. Greg will share a Netflix account with Paul.
Dialogue: Sonia: Hey John! All ok with you?
Sonia: It’s Ralph's birthday today 😊
Sonia:  There is a party this afternoon 
Sonia: I invited you on fb!!
John: Toooop!!!!
John: Happy birthday to Ralph!!
Sonia: Try and come, will you??
John: Sure thing 👍 👍 sounds ace!
Summary: Sonia invites John to Ralph's birthday party tomorrow. John will attend.
Dialogue: Hunter: Do you have classes with Agatha Meir?
Leslie: Yes :)
Peter: She's cool
Peter: Why?
Hunter: I'm starting a course tomorrow and I don't know what to expect
Leslie: It will be fun!
Leslie: She's entertaining
Peter: In my humble opinion she's one of the best teachers in our school
Hunter: Is she demanding?
Leslie: Yes
Leslie: But you will want to learn
Peter: True
Peter: I never thought I would enjoy mathematics... 
Summary: Leslie has classes with Agatha Meir. Hunter is starting a course tomorrow. The teacher is demanding.
Dialogue: Simon: Where are you guys?
Katherine: 101
Simon: Oh, ok. Coming! 🦄🦄🦄
Peter: Please, bring my backpack. I left it downstairs 😓
Simon: No worries!
Summary: Katherine and Peter are in 101. Simon will bring Peter his backpack, that he left downstairs.
Dialogue: Anna: Did you read "27 dreams"
Mary: I do not remember, I do not think ...
Mary: What is this book about
Anna: This is the story of a writer who looks for inspiration for her new book in a mysterious village.
Anna: It's a very magical and addictive book.
Anna: u will like it for sure!
Mary: thanks, I will definitely read it.
Summary: Mary hasn't read "27 dreams". Anna recommends the book.
Dialogue: Kayla: Hey mom 
Kayla: Could you water my flowers please?
Mom: Where are your flowers tho? 
Kayla: Mom in my room!
Mom: Okay 
Mom: Only if I find them
Kayla: Thanks mum!
Kayla: Also give Bella something to eat xd
Mom: I did
Mom: Thanks for reminding me tho... 
Kayla: No problem
Mom: Be back early dont drink or party
Summary: Kayla wants Mom to water her flowers.
Dialogue: Ben: Surprise birthday party for Holly? any thoughts?
Gina: OMG! i think it's a totally awesome idea!
Mark: yeah, she loves surprises!
Gina: so what do you want us to do?
Ben: i'm gonna order a birthday cake but need someone to pick it up
Mark: fine, no problem!
Ben: i'm gonna do some shopping cause i wanna cook everything myself
Gina: yeah, she loves your cooking! what about her birthday present? do you need a hand?
Ben: that would be brilliant!
Gina: any balloons or other birthday stuff?
Ben: why not! just not to much!
Gina: yes, sir! haha! i can't wait!
Mark: and most importantly we have to keep our mouths shut! xx
Summary: Ben wants a surprise birthday party for Holly. Mark will pick a birthday cake up. Ben will cook everything himself. Gina will buy a birthday presents and will take care of other stuff.
