Dialogue: Ruth: I am extremely disappointed with you, Daniel.
Dan: Yes, mom?
Ruth: We will have a serious conversation when I get back. Your grades are absolutely unacceptable.
Dan: I'm trying mom...
Ruth: No too hard from what I see. I'm taking away the xbox.
Dan: No!! Please!!
Ruth: When are you going to learn that there are certain priorities in life
Dan: I know mom, I'm really REALLY trying
Ruth: When was the last time you studied in the evening instead of playing games?
Dan: I did my homework yesterday.
Ruth: You spent 5 minutes on it and did half of the task.
Dan: I need my xbox mom.
Ruth: You need to be more responsible! We'll talk at home!
Summary: Ruth wants to talk to her son Dan about his unacceptable grades. Dan is trying but Ruth reckons he isn't trying hard enough. Dan did half of the task in 5 min yesterday. Ruth wants Dan to be more responsible so she is taking away the xbox.
Dialogue: Damarion: Wake up! Let me know when you wake up then
Mara: I woke up..Or rather u did it
Damarion: And you can't sleep anymore?
Mara: No. What's up?
Damarion: Sorry for that 
Mara: It's ok
Damarion: Just having a beer waiting for my next flight
Mara: A beer?! At this time
Damarion: I have 2 hours to wait
Mara: Before the flight?! It's not good. U shouldn't drink at all when u going to flight because u aren't the only one on the plane....
Damarion: ...
Mara: That's my opinion
Damarion: I'm a passenger so I can do as I please! You never pay attention to the things I tell you I see. Remember I said to you on Saturday that I wasn't going to be flying at the controls for the next 5 days ? Today is that fifth day. I will probably only fly tomorrow when I'm back at work....
Mara: Oh.. I'm sorry.
Summary: Damarion woke Mara up. Damarion drinks a beer as he has to wait 2 hours for his next flight. Damarion's been going by plane as a passenger for 5 days and tomorrow he'll be back at work. 
Dialogue: Mehdi: Do you have Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts signed and sealed? 
Annie: You asking me? 
Annie: haha Idk 
Mehdi: It's important
Mehdi: Like I need it rn 
Annie: Well I saw it yesterday 
Annie: On you desk 
Mehdi: Someone took it away from me
Annie: Oh jesus idk 
Annie: Didn't you secure it somewhere 
Annie: before you left? 
Mehdi: I think I did 
Mehdi: Oh I remeber
Mehdi: I gave it to Marc to store it in his closet
Mehdi: I was hurried
Annie: Well make sure you don't lose it
Annie: How many documents? 
Mehdi: Like 5
Mehdi: Okay thanks tho
Summary: Mehdi gave Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts to Marc to store. Annie wants Mehdi to make sure they are secure.
Dialogue: Emmanuel: <file_photo>
Emmanuel: <file_photo>
Emmanuel: I baked a pear crumble cake
Emmanuel: it's very sweet though
Aurora: oh yummy 
Aurora: you are so active
Aurora: is it sweet because of the sugar?
Emmanuel: yes 
Emmanuel: to much sugar 💀
Emmanuel: <file_photo>
Emmanuel: <file_photo>
Emmanuel: and another
Emmanuel: hahahaha
Emmanuel: sorry
Emmanuel: this is the big mushroom
Emmanuel: I added mustard sauce
Aurora: mmm
Aurora: it all looks so good!!
Emmanuel: 😝😝
Aurora: you need to create your own blogg
Aurora: 🌿❤️
Emmanuel: hahahaha
Aurora: I think it's great
Aurora: I feel inspired to cook myself :)
Aurora: is your bf trying everything you've cooked?
Aurora: hahaha
Emmanuel: yes 
Emmanuel: hahaha
Aurora: 🔝
Summary: Emmanuel baked a pear crumble cake. He put too much sugar. He added mustard sauce. His boyfriend tries everything Emmanuel cooks.
Dialogue: Cristina: What you doing up so early?
Jaeden: My friend woke me up 10 mins ago
Cristina: I'm going to the airport
Jaeden: Ok. Have a lovely day
Summary: Cristina is going to the airport.
Dialogue: Ryan: so are you coming for the night?
Oliver: hi
Oliver: ok
Oliver: what time?
Ryan: hmm
Ryan: 9pm maybe? :D or it's too late? we'll have a couple of drinks :D
Oliver: hahaha ok. 9pm is good
Oliver: i'll go to the gym before
Ryan: good!
Ryan: don't forget to take everything!
Oliver: yeah
Oliver: at what time do we leave?
Ryan: the flight is at 7am
Ryan: so 5:30am at the airport?
Oliver: yeah that's good
Ryan: so we're leaving at 4:30-4:45am i guess
Ryan: alarm at 3:30am XD
Oliver: omg
Oliver: yes
Ryan: crazy
Ryan: oh well it's fine xd
Oliver: yes
Ryan: see you at 9pm then!
Oliver: see you :D
Summary: Ryan and Oliver are going to meet at 9pm. They will leave for the airport around 4:30.
Dialogue: Ivan: I am really concerned about the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Ivan: Do you thnik that Putin could openly invade a neighbouring state?
Vasily: I understand and share your concerns, Ivan.
Vasily: First, the Crimea was taken over by "Little green men" who were in fact Russian soldiers.
Vasily: Second, Russian troops were sent to occupy Donets Basin to the east of Ukraine...
Vasily: All this may spell serious trouble...
Dimitri: That's true gentlemen, the situation seems to be getting more and more tense every month
Dimitri: Vasili haven't mentioned the most recent accident in which Russian coast guard ships fired on Ukrainian navy vessels near the Kerch Strait
Ivan: This is actually what I was thinking about when I started this conversation.
Ivan: But the circumstances of the accident are not completely clear.
Dimitri: Yes, there has been a great argument over which side is responsible for this accident.
Vasily: I'm not entirely familiar with the accident at Kerch but common sense tells that Russia is to be blamed, as usual...
Dimitri: Indeed, this is what most people have already assumed.
Dimitri: However, in this particular situation it might be the Ukrainian side that initiated the conflict.
Dimitri: In fact, it enabled Petro Poroshenko to declare martial law in Ukraine, which may be a political gimmick beneficial for him in terms of the forthcoming presidential election in 2019.
Ivan: Wow, this would be a perfect example supporting the idea that politics is a dirty business...
Vasily: My God, but if it turns out to be true, the safety of entire state is at stake!
Dimitri: It should not be a surprice if I told you that the interests of oligarchs have been always more important for the people dealing with politics in Ukraine then the good of the state itself...
Vasily: It is ubelievable that such things still happen in the 21st century, wow.
Ivan: Yes, and ordinary people, lives of millions of innocent people are meaningless in this game...
Dimitri: This is a very sad conclusion but, to be honest, it has been like that since the history remembers.
Vasily: Very sad vision, indeed. We can only hope that the future would be better time to live.
Ivan: No more and no less...
Summary: Ivan, Vasily and Dimitri are concerned about the current political situation in Ukraine and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Dialogue: Anne: what about Maybelline?
Cindy: well... it's too pricey
Daisy: there are more expensive brands, trust me
Anne: I'll stay with Maybelline then
Cindy: whatever floats your boat
Daisy: I can give you website where it will be cheaper
Anne: yes please
Daisy: <file_other>
Summary: Cindy finds Maybelline too expensive. Daisy gives Anne the link to a website with cheaper cosmetics.
Dialogue: Hunter: Can we talk about this sponsorship deal?
Mary: Sure, having second thoughts?
Hunter: It's just that big celeb sponsorships and endorsements are so ten years ago.
Mary: And?
Hunter: Today its about influencers and going viral.
Mary: Okay, I'm listening.
Hunter: I just think we should get into that. Forget these big name endorsements.
Mary: I'm glad you brought this up now. We were just about to put out contracts.
Hunter: Let's discuss the budget and investigate new ways of getting the brand out there.
Mary: I'm open to that.
Hunter: We can check with our agency to see if they can recommend a path.
Mary: Good idea. Meanwhile, I'll do some research of my own.
Hunter: I was just reading about nanoinfluencers, people with small followings. Get enough of those and you are off to the races. KWIM?
Mary: I think so. That's an interesting hypothesis.
Hunter: I'm intrigued by how this can affect our brand.
Mary: We definitely need a younger audience. This could be the way to get it.
Hunter: That or a startup.
Mary: Oh, scary! Now you're talking crazy! LOL!
Hunter: Maybe I'm not. 
Mary: Let's explore it, couldn't hurt.
Hunter: Exactly.
Summary: Mary wants to change the sponsorship deal she talked to Hunter about for influencers and going viral to boost the brand. 
Dialogue: Mila: The ICC has acquitted Laurent Gbagbo
Alfred: Yes, I saw it today on tv
Mila: I don't know the case very well
Jenny: hmm, it's a bit complicated to be honest
Stefano: no, not at all, a story as usual, I would say
Mila: what do you mean?
Stefano: a fight for power
Stefano: in 2010 he lost an election
Stefano: and he refused to accept it
Mila: not a crime yet
Stefano: but afterwards violence between his opponents and supporters started
Alfred: and you should know there were some of the most violent clashes in the history of Ivory Coast
Alfred: but the court ruled today that 
Alfred: the prosecutors failed to demonstrate "the existence of a 'common plan' to keep Mr Gbagbo in power"
Mila: so it seems he is not guilty of the violence? 
Mila: maybe he didn't plan it
Stefano: or maybe they didn't have (enough) evidence
Stefano: I don't believe he's innocent
Alfred: neither do I
Summary: The ICC has acquitted Laurent Gbagbo. He lost an election in 2010. Stefano and Alfred don't believe him to be innocent.
Dialogue: Sue: guess what happened to Molly
Rob: what?
Sue: u no the shoe cupboard at the bottom of my stairs? well the dos must have been playing and knocked it so the mirror fell forward and pushed my vase of lilys over
Rob: oh no are they hurt?
Sue: mo, no broke glass but look at Mollys nose lol
Sue: <file_photo>
Rob: thats hilarious, poor thing what is it?
Sue: lily pollen, its all over her nose
Sue: she will have a yellow nose for weeks, I've been trying to get it off with make up remover pads, but its not shifting
Rob: will she have a reaction to the pollen?
Sue: like hayfever you mean lol
Rob: yes why not lol
Summary: Sue's dogs were playing and pushed a vase of lilies over. One of them, Molly, got lily pollen on her nose. It will be yellow for weeks.
Dialogue: Eve: When will you be home?
Tom: an hour tops
Leslie: we're waiting with the dinner
Tom: I'm doing my best
Summary: Eve and Leslie are waiting for Tom with the dinner. He'll be home in about an hour.
Dialogue: Kate: We're at the cafe downstairs
Kate: join us everybody
Tom: there is a cafe in the building?
Yigal: lol, Tom, you'll never stop surprising me
Tom: The college will never stop surprising me
Margot: are you working there or chatting?
Kate: a bit of both i'd say
Summary: Kate is chatting and working in a college cafe downstairs.
Dialogue: Sam: My wife doesn't satisfy me
Adam: Not enough sex?
Sam: We have sex every second day, sometimes even everyday
Sam: But it's always the same
Don: You want to try new positions?
Sam: I want to try something more hardcore
Don: Have you talked with her about it?
Sam: Yes. Multiple times. 
Sam: But we always end up having this boring, routine sex
Summary: Sam is not satisfied with boring, routine sex he has with his wife. They have sex every one or two days.
Dialogue: Emma: I’m flying tomorrow
Julie: Cool! Where to?
Emma: To San Francisco. And it’s not cool
Emma: I’m freaking out
Emma: I hate flying
Julie: Relax
Julie: Statistically the flights are the safest mean of transport
Julie: Relatively few accidents happen
Julie: But when they do you don’t have big chances
Emma: Thank you! That’s really helpful 
Julie: I’m sorry
Julie: I talk without thinking
Julie: All will be fine. Don’t worry
Julie: And San Francisco is amazing!
Summary: Emma is freaking out about her flight to San Francisco tomorrow. Julie is trying to reassure her.
Dialogue: Sebastian: She wrote back!
Dave: Hahahaha, Janet?
Sebastian: Yes :) She wrote that she's sorry for not replying for my messages, but she's been abroad.
Dave: Hm... and that's it?
Sebastian: No, we've talked a little
Dave: And? How's she?
Sebastian: I think she's cool, we talked a bit about jobs, cinema, etc.
Dave: When are you going to meet?
Sebastian: Hasn't asked her out yet...
Dave: Dude, what are you waiting for?
Dave: Is she hot?
Sebastian: Oh yeah
Dave: Wait a bit longer until she's gone, great plan :P
Sebastian: But where should I take her?
Dave: Just go for a drink, don't make it too fancy
Summary: Sebastian likes Janet. She wrote him after a while. Dave suggests Sebastian asks her out before she is taken by someone else.
Dialogue: Martina: I need a man's opinion!
Oliver: Yes, you look absolutely stunning :P
Martina: Awww <3 thank you!
Oliver: Don't mention it :)
Martina: But that's not it. I wanted to ask you somthing. 
Oliver: Fire away.
Martina: <file_photo> Does this dress make me look fat?
Oliver: No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. :) 
Martina: Awww <3 ur such a qt :)
Oliver: Why do you need it?
Martina: Oh, going to a work party and want to look glam ;)
Oliver: You certainly do!
Summary: Martina is going to a work party. Martina sends Oliver a photo of herself in a dress, asking whether she looks fat in it. Oliver doesn't think that.
Dialogue: Amelia: Hi! What are you dressing up as for the party?
Olivia: hey!! not sure yet, there's still time :d
Amelia: Well, yeah, but do you have any ideas?
Olivia: umm I was thinking a fairy or a witch? or sth else, dunno rly XD
Amelia: Lol. Okay, but don't leave it until the last minute again :D.
Amelia: It would really suck if you ended up with no costume again.
Olivia: noo not gonna happen this time, i really want it to be cool actually
Olivia: actually, are you free tomorrow? maybe you wanna go shopping with me and we'll figure sth out? :D
Amelia: Actually I am :P. Okay, 6pm at your place?
Olivia: great!!! :*:* see you!!! <3
Amelia: See you <3.
Summary: Olivia is dressing up as a fairy or a witch or something else. Olivia didn't have a costume last time. Amelia is seeing Olivia at 6 pm at Olivia's to go shopping. Olivia and Amelia will figure her costume out together. 
Dialogue: Billy: You free 2nite?
Pete: Sure, wanna hang?
Billy: Maybe hit some clubs?
Pete: That's lit!
Summary: Billy and Pete are going to hit some clubs tonight. 
Dialogue: Cathy: don't wait for me I won't be there
Pepper: :c
Chris: noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Cathy: I have to deal with Debbie's fuckup at work
Pepper: call me after you're done we'll reschedule
Chris: fucking debbie
Summary: Cathy is not going to meet Pepper and Chris as she has to deal with a mistake Debbie made at work.
Dialogue: Kamil: I'm looking for some good movies/series for those dark and long winter days...
Kamil: Any suggestions?
Jurek: Do you like comedies?
Kamil: Sure, I'll consider every option
Jurek: Then you should definitely watch 'Clerks'
Leszek: Yeeeah bro, that's a good one! I laughed myself to shit
Kamil: What's it about?
Jurek: I don't want to tell you too much, but the action's in the convenience and video stores, and is about titular clerks' daily routine
Leszek: True, maybe it doesn't sound convincing but the dialogues are brilliant :D
Leszek: After you finish this one, there's 'Clerks 2' waitin, even funnier!
Kamil: Well, all right I can give it a try.
Jurek: And if you want a series... I won't be original but what about Game of Thrones?
Kamil: Maaan, I'm not really into this whole movie world
Kamil: I've heard people talking about it and getting excited but I've never pushed myself to watch even an episode
Jurek: Dude, you can't imagine how much I'd like to be in your shoes now....
Kamil: I guess you won't tell me any details?
Jurek: Not really. But I'm sure that all those twists and turns'll make you want another episode
Leszek: I've watched the whole series and actually I still can't understand what's so special about it
Leszek: I figured that it's kinda blind admiration, I mean, everyone thinks it kicks ass so if so many people think so, I'm not going to stand out
Jurek: R U suggestin I'm a moron cause I liked the series?
Leszek: Jurek, c'mon, you know it's nothing personal :) I'm just sayin how I see it
Leszek: And ofc I'm not advising against watching it! So, Kamil. Now you've got 2 views on the series, you should watch it and let us know about your personal feelings :)
Kamil: I think, you've just recommended it well, guys. Opinions're divided, now I'd like to come to my own judgement
Jurek: That won't be wasted time, dude trust me.
Leszek: Don't forget to let us know what you think! :)
Kamil: Sure, I will thanks fellas
Summary: Kamil is looking for movie or series recommendations. Jurek and Leszek recommend "Clerks". Leszek recommends "Clerks 2". Jurek recommends "Game of Thrones". Leszek is not excited about the series. Kamil is skeptical at first, but will give the series a try.
Dialogue: Catherine: hey stef
Stefan: whats up Cate?
Catherine: im cool, what about you
Stefan: me too, whatsup, i know you?😜🤣
Catherine: haha, i need your help
Stefan: i knew it..what is it
Catherine: im bored, come get me
Stefan: haha, alright then
Summary: Catherine is bored and wants Stefan to come get her.
Dialogue: Skyler: Sleep well?
Rose: Today yes. Finally I slept the whole night
Skyler: Great!
Summary: Skyler is happy that Rose slept well the whole night.
Dialogue: Ginger: hi
Ginger: can you help me?
Willow: ofc
Ginger: i need falsies for onight
Willow: but you know that it is something like toothbrush
Willow: you cannot take mines
Ginger: oh i understand
Summary: Ginger wants to borrow Willow's falsies but Willow says no.
Dialogue: Nina: Hi Carmen! I’m Nina, Rick’s sister.
Carmen: Hi, how are you?
Nina: Fine thx! And what about u?
Carmen: I’m fine too. What can I help u? 
Nina: I have some problems with math and Rick told me that u know someone that would help me.
Carmen:  My bro is great in math. I’m sure he will help you.
Nina: Thx, could you give me his mobile no?
Carmen: Sure, it’s 555 154 124, but he is at gym now so try a little bit later.
Nina: Thank u very much. I hope he will have some free time.
Carmen: You must ask him, I don’t know.
Nina: Of course, I’ll try to call him later. 
Carmen: He should be at home about 8 pm.
Nina: And what about your exam?
Carmen: Quite good but I have a lot of tasks to do. It’s sometimes hard not to forget some dates.
Nina: I have great book about the II WW. I’ll give it to Rick for you.
Carmen: Thx, It will be helpful cause history is not my best side 
Nina: Like math for me 
Carmen: 
Nina: Thank u for help, Have a nice evening with my bro!
Carmen: Thx!
Summary: Nina needs help with maths. Her brother Rick recommended contacting Carmen. Carmen's brother is good at maths and she gives Nina his phone number. Nina should call him in the evening, after his gym activity. Carmen's exam was good, but she forgets dates. Nina offers her a book about WW II.
Dialogue: Ester: Loool did you see what Ellen gave me as a birthday gift
Lasandra: Noo I didn’t, what is it?
Ester: A dwarf
Lasandra: No way. A dwarf? How? Why????
Ester: You know, she’s a bit creepy
Lasandra: These are the levels of creepiness I can’t really process xd
Ester: Eh her father is a carpenter and he sometimes sculpts in wood to get some extra money
Lasandra: It doesn’t mean his daughter needs to give it to everyone!!!
Ester: Yes but she remembered me saying we have to reorganize our garden and she thought I may use it xd
Lasandra: It’s siiiiick!!!
Ester: Hahah I know, but actually I think it’s cute too ;P
Lasandra: Whaaat howwwww
Ester: You know, it means she actually listened to me, remembered that, took all the effort to make her father do it… It’s sweet
Lasandra: If I see it in your garden I’ll die laughing x
Ester: You will, my mum loves him!!!
Lasandra: Oh noooo
Ester: It’ll be a dwarf from your nightmares :D <file_picture>
Lasandra: Omgggg it’s super weird, I won’t visit you anymore
Summary: Ellen gave a dwarf to Ester for her birthday. 
Dialogue: Dave: How did you like the play?
Ella: I loved it! You didn't?
Jamie: Really? It was awfully long!
Ella: Yes, but all his plays are rather long
Jamie: I get it, but it's merciless, especially on Thursday
Ella: Oh my god, you sound like an old man :D
Dave: Am I the only one who found it a bit... pretentious?
Ella: Maybe, certain parts, but not in general, I don't know, I didn't mind
Dave: I can't make my mind about it, I can't say I didn't like it at all
Jamie: Well, I can. It was really nice to go out with you guys, but next time I'd rather stop at the drinks before the play and leave you to it ;)
Ella: Was it that bad?
Jamie: For me, yeah, I didn't really get what it was about
Ella: Hm, I think it was more about the performance than the meaning of the play? It was quite modern even for me
Dave: I think it's the right word - modern, a bit too modern for me as well
Summary: Dave, Ella and Jamie went to the theatre together. Jamie finds the play too long when for Dave it was a little bit pretentious. Only Ella totally enjoyed the performance.
Dialogue: Annie: Are you going to be at school?
Christine: Not tomorrow. I am not well.
Annie: Oh noes! What happened?
Christine: Got the flu, I think.
Annie: what's your temperature?
Christine: Not high, I'm not running a fever or anything
Annie: Are you eating ok?
Christine: Yeah. Just blocked nose, sore throat. Tired.
Annie: Sounds like you've got a cold. You need anything?
Christine: I could do with some Theraflu.
Annie: OK, I think we've still got some sachets, should be in date. I'll drop them through your letterbox later on.
Christine: Yeah. Don't call in because I'll feel bad if you catch this cold off me.
Annie: I think I probably had it already, but you might be sleeping.
Christine: If the light in my room is on, call if you want.
Summary: Christine is not going to school tomorrow as she's sick with the flu or a cold. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Dialogue: Sarah: I like being a single! What’s wrong with me? X
Ben: oh, there is definitely something wrong with you! X
Sarah: i didn’t ask you!
Kelly: you are a mean person Ben!
Holly: i like being on my own as i can properly rest at night!
Sarah: haha!
Kelly: there is nothing wrong with you! I admit i enjoy it as much as the rest of you
Andy: i like it too- can stay in touch with all my friends, flirt with whoever i want, go to the gym regularly
Kelly: yeah, i can do whatever i want to and whenever i want to
Andy: i’m too young to be in a serious relationship just wanna have fun! x 
Summary: They all jokingly agree that being single is fun, at least when you are young.
Dialogue: Adam: It's so boring here….
Mandy: Still at class?
Adam: Yes.
Adam: -_-
Summary: Adam is still at class, which he finds very boring. 
Dialogue: Jonathan: Hi
Monica: hey how are you 
Jonathan: Im good and you 
Jonathan: I've been wondering if the field trip is mandatory
Monica: It is
Monica: she will take attendance
Jonathan: Oh no xd
Monica: So yea, everyone is going haha
Monica: Apparently, she's giving additional marks for coming
Jonathan: I am struggling in that class\
Monica: oh no 
Jonathan: So I guess I have to impress her
Jonathan: So that I can pass the class
Monica: I tell you
Monica: Just go
Monica: there will be group work and she will mark it 
Monica: So we can get you covered hahaha 🤣🤣🤣
Jonathan: Right on, thanks much 
Monica: see u there! 
Summary: Jonathan doesn't want to go on the field trip, but it's mandatory. The group work will be marked and he needs to impress to pass the class.
Dialogue: Julia: What did you get for your birthday?
James: Pauline and few friends have bought me a telescope
James: I can't express my happiness over this
James: It was my dream!
James: And I'm so happy.
Julia: I'm glad you feel that way.
Julia: Did you have a chance to look at the stars?
James: Yup!
James: They look fucking awesome!
Julia: Haha. It's great! Really! I have to come one day to check it out.
James: Feel free to come anytime you want :D
Summary: James is very happy with the telescope he received from his friends on his birthday.
Dialogue: John: Hi, how are you?
Martin: Destroyed. 
John: Hahah, why.
Martin: I've had so much work in the last few days, I just can't anymore
John: Where are you now?
Martin: At the office, of course
John: Why of course? it's almost 9
Martin: John, I live here now
John: God, sounds serious
Martin: It is, believe me
John: When will it end?
Martin: I've no idea. When we finish the project
John: More or less
Martin: Not before Christmas.
John: Poor you
Martin: Dead me
John: stay strong, I'll talk to you later
Martin: thanks.
Summary: Martin works way too much and it will not stop before Christmas.
Dialogue: Ann: Are you still at Tesco?
Tom: I am
Ann: Buy us some bread!
Tom: done!
Summary: Tom will buy some bread at Tesco on Ann's request.
Dialogue: Thea: hey ru coming?
Harley: yeah, why?
Thea: I don't have butter, can you bring some?
Harley: ok, no prob
Harley: anything else?
Thea: some sugar pls :D
Summary: Harley will bring some butter and some sugar for Thea. 
Dialogue: Arthur: Marry Christmas!
Joseph: Thanks! Same to you
Arthur: :-)
Summary: Arthur and Joseph are exchanging Christmas wishes. 
Dialogue: Felicia: Which one do you think is better, Multikino or Helios?
Eva: Well, I'm not really a fan of cinemas tbh
Eva: Everything there is too expensive, from a movie ticket to popcorn...
Eva: But if you ask me, I'd be rather in favor of Helios
Felicia: Sure, I agree
Felicia: They're trying to rip us off at every turn...
Felicia: But it's nice to see a good movie on a big screen with all the sound effects once in a blue moon
Eva: Definitely
Eva: What movie are you going to watch?
Felicia: Halloween, it's the in-thing now :)
Eva: I see. Enjoy ;)
Summary: Felicia and Eva are not fans of cinemas as they consider them overall too expensive. If Eva had to choose, she would prefer Helios over Multikino. Felicia is going to watch Halloween.
Dialogue: Walter: Hi Jacqui, you busy!?
Jacqui: Hi Walter, what's up?
Walter: Well, just wanted a few ideas for Bab's birthday, you know!
Jacqui: Well, you are her husband, what do you think she'll like?
Walter: I have no idea, maybe a new steam mop, a super duper iron, perhaps?
Jacqui: Oh Walter, you're clueless! Get her a lovely silk blouse, chocolates, champagne, jewellery. That's what women like, try those, I'm sure she'll love them! Tell me what you bought, mind, before you give it to her! Bye, love.
Summary: Walter wants to buy home appliances as a gift for his wife, Bab. Jacqui thinks he should buy a silk blouse, chocolates, champagne, or jewellery instead.
Dialogue: Adele: What was the name of the show you told me?
Martin: Money heist. it's on netflix
Adele: You liked it?
Martin: a lot! you'll like it too :) it's in spanish
Adele: OK, I'll check it out tonight
Martin: Im watching Ozark right now but after money heist it seems so... i dont know... too american :) 
Adele: house of cards season 6 is coming
Martin: I know, s5 was great. s6 is going to be odd without spacey
Adele: What do you mean?
Martin: he's not in the cast
Adele: Really?
Martin: yes. RIP Frank Underwood :(
Summary: Martin recommends a new movie called Money Heist to Adele as he thinks Ozark is too American. Both thinks that the season 5 of the House of Cards was great but Adele did not know that Kevin Spacey will not be part of the cast in season 6. 
Dialogue: Jackie: Hi everyone
Jackie: We are raising money for the victims of the Nepal earthquake
Jackie: If you have time to donate then I'd like to invite you all to Lower Place Riel
Kristina: That is so kind of you Jackie
Kristina: Is Brishank taking charge of this
Brishank: yes I am 
Brishank: 😊
Kristina: I will stop by
Jackie: thank you Kristina
Summary: Jackie is raising money for the victims of the earthquake in Nepal. The donations will be collected in Lower Place Riel. Brishank is taking charge of this. Kristina will pop in.
Dialogue: Jean: I know youre not THAT into Brahms, but i hope youll make it here in time.
Jose: sorry, this bus is taking longer than i expected
Jean: which route are you taking?
Jose: T55
Jean: oh. yeah. i always have problems with that one.
Jose: i do like some Brahms, btw.
Jean: alright. just get here, okay?
Jose: we're moving more quickly now. just passed canal street.
Jean: good. its last call before they start. you might have to wait a bit before they let you in
Jose: so be it. I'll see you in a little while.
Jean: Ok.
Jose: sorry about the wait
Jean: it happens
Summary: Jose is still on T55 and he may be late for Brahms with Jean.
Dialogue: Lilly: Are you guys going to Mary and Russell's wedding this next Saturday?
Laura: I don't know. We'd love to go, but we're really broke right now, and we can't exactly show up empty-handed.
Lilly: I know what you mean. It's the worst time of the month, but Mary is gonna be devastated if she doesn't see us there.
Laura: I know. How much would you give? 
Lilly: Around $100 a head, so probably $200-$300 from both of us.
Laura: Ok. We'll think about it. Either way, I'll let you know early next week. I still don't have anything to wear.
Lilly: I can lend you a dress if you want. We're the roughly the same size.
Laura: Cool. That saves me from buying something :)
Lilly: Talk to you later.
Laura: Bye
Summary: Lilly is going to Mary and Russell's wedding next Saturday and will give $200-$300. Laura wants to go too but she's broke. Lilly can lend Laura a dress as they are the same size.
Dialogue: Ollie: <file_other>
Ollie: what do you think?:))
Evan: I can't open it :/
Evan: Email it to me please
Ollie: alright, 1 sec
Ollie: sent!
Evan: Okay, I'll let you know a bit later, okay?
Ollie: sure, no rush!
Evan: :)
Summary: Ollie needs Evan's opinion on a file he's emailed to him.
Dialogue: Marcin: Artur is asking if there's any minature ready for him
Michal: Not yet, had no time to paint them
Marcin: Cool, I'll let him know
Summary: Michal did not have time to paint miniature for Artur. Marcin will let him know about it.
Dialogue: Isla: Oh George
Isla: I still don't know what should I study
Isla: Why do I have to make such decisions? I'm too young
George: calm down
George: I thought you already decided on English and literature
Isla: on the one hand yes, my heart goes there
Isla: but on the other, perhaps I should choose IT?
George: you and IT? XD
George: <file_gif>
Isla: it's not funny, English teachers aren't paid that well after all..
George: but you barely use your own computer XD
Isla: <file_gif>
Isla: thanks a lot for your support!
George: what I mean is that you hate computers and all this stuff
George: why do you want to torture yourself?
Isla: yeah…you might be right…
Isla: if only I knew what the future holds!
Summary: Isla has to choose the course of study. She's torn between English and literature and IT. She is not really interested in IT though.
Dialogue: Patsy: so hows it gonna be
Tonia: what
Patsy: tonight
Tonia: ehhhh charlie said he’s going out and the rest…
Tonia: and maybe barbara with her people
Patsy: how about alcohol??
Tonia: charlie has some friends they’ll buy it if they come
Patsy: what if theyre not there?
Tonia: well see some of barbara’s maybe, but most of them dont like it
Patsy: we’ll be left without youll see
Tonia: don’t panic, cmon
Patsy: I just want to drink tonight ;/
Tonia: wtf you will, whats your fuckin problem
Patsy: i wish I could do it myself already
Tonia: then it wouldnt be so fun xd
Patsy: seriously… you have cigarettes?
Tonia: yea I stole a few packs from my mum, ya dont remember?
Patsy: yup just making sure
Tonia: I took care of everything, dont you worry ;p
Patsy: time to get wasted. again xd
Tonia: thats what we do, yolo
Patsy: and tomorrow theres a test ;p
Tonia: tell ya what FUCK IT
Summary: Patsy and Tonia are going to party tonight and get drunk.
Dialogue: Jan: It's soooo gloomy today!
Dave: I know, I can't stand it.
Jan: I need to be cheered up, badly!
Dave: What can we do?
Jan: Tell me a joke?
Dave: Knock, knock.
Jan: Who's there?
Dave: Dave!
Jan: Dave who?
Dave: It's really just me, Dave. I don't have a joke. Sorry!
Jan: LOL, it's funny anyway!
Dave: :-) I know!
Jan: You are a terrible joke teller.
Dave: True.
Jan: Guess I'll try to cheer up another way.
Summary: Jan feels low because of a gloomy day. Dave tells a joke to cheer Jan up. Dave is a terrible joke teller.
Dialogue: Hiram: Where u at?
Wanda: is the bus coming?
Hiram: Yes
Wanda: shiiit!!!
Summary: Wanda's and Hiram's bus is coming and Wanda's not there.
Dialogue: Jean: going out 2nite?
Georgia: i'm ok but need to be back home by midnite
Dana: fine with me. and midnite is good time
Jean: well for no better choice
Georgia: that was not nice bitch
Dana: exactly!
Jean: at least im not retarded on friday night
Georgia: yeah but you can sleep till noon on Sat we can't!
Dana: exactly!
Jean: karma! see at 9 at henry's. table booked!
Summary: Jean, Georgia and Dana are going out tonight. Jean has booked a table at Henry's for 9. Georgia will have to be back home before midnight.
Dialogue: John: Have you stolen my pen??
steve: No! i swear i haven't stolen your pen.
John: haha. I believe you
steve: Oh Thank God
Summary: Steve swears he hasn't stolen John's pen.
