Dialogue: Courtney: Did you ever get that card I sent?
Josh: Nope!
Courtney: I swear I sent it! I feel bad!
Josh: Why?
Courtney: 'Cause it's like I missed your birthday but I really didn't!
Josh: I know. Don't worry.
Courtney: But you didn't get my card! I wonder why...
Josh: Who knows?
Courtney: I'll send another one. Belated!
Josh: Don't bother, it's the thought that counts.
Courtney: I know but...
Josh: Really, don't worry.
Courtney: Okay. What did you do for your birthday?
Josh: Went to Vegas! My first time there without parents. It was a blast!
Courtney: Oh boy!
Josh: Yeah, we did it up!
Courtney: I bet!
Josh: Did a little gambling too.
Courtney: Did you win?
Josh: Nope! But we had fun.
Summary: Josh didn't receive Courtney's card. For his birthday he went to Vegas and loved it.
Dialogue: Claire: How does it feel to turn 30?
Roberta: It's like any other birthday 
Roberta: You don't become "mature" from one day to the other
Gertrude: I had a big party but nothing really changed
Gertrude: I don't feel significantly older 
Claire: I'm turning 30 next week!
Gertrude: Welcome to the club
Summary: Claire's 30th birthday is next week. Roberta and Gertruda are already 30 and don't feel any different than before.
Dialogue: Jamie: Do you know if I can share a netflix account with someone else?
Cal: I guess it should work on 2 or more devices
Jamie: it does but its for one user right?
Sian: what do u mean?
Sian: u want 2 or more users within one account?
Jamie: yes. to be able to watch different shows at the same time
Cal: I think its possible but I don't know if it's cheaper than 1 account/1user
Jamie: ok I'll google that. my free month is over :(
Sian: what are u watching?
Jamie: Turn
Sian: boooring...
Cal: haven't heard of it
Summary: Jamie's free trial of Netflix is over and he is considering signing up for a shared account. He was watching "Turn", which Sian finds boring.
Dialogue: Alice: good morning
Patrick: Morning
Alice: I went last night to give the report but those shitty people can't do anything. They don't even want to do anything. I told them there was a camera instead of the bus. But they said it wasn't working probably. They didn't even want to check anything
Patrick: Oh shit that's fucked up
Alice: :( I really hate this place. From the beginning u hate it
Patrick: Shame I can imagine, especially after this has happened
Alice: Yes. If I only could get this Damn guy and a baseball bat... oh poor guy
Patrick: Hahaha you'd kill him
Alice: No. But he would regret what he did. And he probably would never have children
Patrick: He didn't stop you from having children by taking your chain. Haha why would you do that?
Alice: I don't care. He pissed me off. That would be his punishment. Oh Damn i would use this baseball bat properly on him. I could almost kill him. Damn, fuck this. I will be that rich that I will buy 100 things like that which was robbed. I just think now how he even could just come to me and take it just like this when people where around! How he could just break it off from my neck! My neck?! And touch me
Patrick: Yea that's fucked up
Alice: I'm not racist but from yesterday I hate all Arabic people like him.
Alice: <file_photo>
Alice: He did it, it's not a lot. But he did it
Patrick: Oh he was Arabic?
Alice: Yes
Patrick: Shit that's quite some bruising. Wish I could punch him for you
Alice: Wish I could do it alone with the whole anger I have inside of me
Summary: Alice went to the police (probably) to give a report as she was robbed yesterday, but they did not want to help her. Then Alice tells Patrick more about the assault and wants revange on the Arabic guy who did it.
Dialogue: Amelia: <file_other>
Amelia: black friday %%%
Olivia: <file_gif>
Jessica: all products?
Amelia: no :(
Jessica: and serie elixir of nature?
Amelia: unfortch no :(
Olivia: but honey bronze is 50% off
Summary: Amelia informs there are Black Friday discounts on some products.
Dialogue: Violet: FWIW, I'm not going tonight.
Louie: Whatevs. You do you.
Violet: She pissed me off so no way am I going.
Louie: Fine! Have it your way!
Summary: Violet is very upset so she is not going out tonight.
Dialogue: Jane: What was that tv series you were watching all the time in high school?
Emma: gossip girl?
Jane: yes that one
Emma: why? :D
Jane: I feel like watching something stupid
Jane: they're killing me at work
Emma: yep, gossip girl is definitely stupid :D
Summary: Jane would like to watch Gossip Girl.
Dialogue: Andy: Check this out: [link]
Kate: It doesn't open.
Philip: I'll check it later!
Summary: Kate can't open the link Andy has sent. 
Dialogue: Brisa: I cant install windows on my PC
Ean: How can I help
Brisa: Can you come to my house?
Ean: I am busy right now will come after 2 hours
Brisa: K
Ean: Or maybe my elder brother can help
Brisa: That would be fine
Ean: I am calling her to come to ur home
Brisa: Thanks
Ean: I have given him your number, tell him ur address when he calls you
Brisa: Ok sure
Ean: Would he install drivers?
Brisa: He will take care of everything, dont worry
Summary: Brisa cannot install Windows on her PC. Ean cannot help her right now, but he is sending his older brother to her house. 
Dialogue: Tonya: What do you think about Trevor?
Melissa: who is it? LOL
Tony: LOL indeed, the tall guy in a black sweater
Melissa: still doesn't ring a bell
Chloe: the one that said he's bisexual
Melissa: this one!
Melissa: he's hot!
Tonya: right?! very intriguing
Melissa: but bi...
Tonya: but is it worse to be cheated on with a boy than with a girl?
Tonya: I'm not even sure I wouldn't prefer my bf to sleep with a guy
Tonya: at least he really has something I don't 
Chloe: ahhaha
Chloe: yes, but will you be ever enough?
Tonya: I don't think love is that much about sex, I may not be enough in comparison with a smarter woman as well 
Chloe: dunno
Summary: Tonya, Melissa, Chloe, and Tony are gossiping about Trevor. Melissa finds Trevor hot. Chloe remembers Trevor is bisexual. Tonya doesn't think love is about sex.
Dialogue: Eva: I've signed the agreement
Tina: You did? omg so happy for ya
Eva: Thanks:) I am super excited
Barb: Omg babe! awesome!
Eva: hahaha thanks! I didn't know it's gonna be so emotional!
Barb: Hell yeah! It's kinda binding for 25 years you know, kinda scary
Eva: I know, but, Mat and I are getting married so after that we're gonna consolidate or sth and pay it off together faster
Barb: You guys are getting married? 
Eva: Yes we are! you didn't know? 
Barb: First time hearing this
Tina: No worries I just found out myself
Barb: Anyway! Congrats love! You guys are awesome!
Eva: Thank you so much! It's an exciting time
Barb: Well I hope we're all invited for the housewarming party
Eva: Of course! I'll be sending emails
Summary: Eva signed the agreement. She and Mat are getting married. They will organize the housewarming party in their new flat.
Dialogue: Marisa: First day back at school and he lost his book! xxx
Paul: oh dear! not a good start! :(
Tina: Oops!
Karen: what a big deal?! i lost my car keys yesterday! went to work by bus and got late only to find out they were in my bag!
Tina: haha! so funny!
Freddie: it was just a book..
Tracy: it will probably turn up! x
Marisa: last week he lost his lunchbox and 3 weeks ago a school jumper!!!
Billy: how careless!
Heather: he did on purpose! i know he did! haha! x
Marisa: next time he'll lose his whole bag! x 
Summary: He is careless and has been losing things at school.
