Dialogue: Mathéo: man, did you see the new Samsung 10? it looks bomb!
Yuri: yeah man! watched an unboxing yesterday and it really really looks awesome! I mean, how many cameras can they fit in there! 😂
Mathéo: I know! I have the 9, and the camera is excellent... I can only imagine with 4!
Yuri: yeah, check it here 
Yuri: <file_video>
Mathéo: daamn that quality! well need to start saving for this baby. Plus I don't have a real camera, so it is a good investment for me
Yuri: yes totally, I also heard the Iphone X camera was dope AF!
Mathéo: yeah it is! it's what I used for my last photo... but I am Android person 💁
Yuri: for sure!
Mathéo: and you? are you changing your phone yet?
Yuri: naah man, I prefer to spend my money elsewhere... I can keep a phone for more than 3 years it doesn't bother me
Mathéo: yeah stay with your 3G... while the world is heading to 5G 🚀
Yuri: haha fuck you man 🖕
Mathéo: you will get along very well with my mom haha
Summary: Mathéo and Yuri like the new Samsung 10. It takes good pictures. Mathéo wants to replace his Samsung 9 with it. Yuri is not planning on changing his phone.
Dialogue: James: hi Noah, any plans for the summer?
Noah: I'm not sure I want to travel this year.
James: what's happened?
Noah: It's just I don't think I can afford 
James: Relax, we have an idea
Noah: Who's "we"? Are you the British queen? or the holy trinity?
James: LOOOOL
Noah: You and Kate?
James: fuck Kate! Me and John
Noah: What's with Kate?!
James: We broke up
Noah: Why?!
James: Sorry, I don't feel like talking about it
Noah: So what about the IDEA?
James: We want to buy an old car and just travel across the US, maybe from Washington to Florida
Noah: it's still not that cheap
James: only the patrol, John wants to buy the car for himself and the more people we take, the cheaper the whole thing
Noah: Right! Where would we sleep?
James: wherever: motels, car, tent, who cares?!
Noah: Sounds like fun
James: so?
Noah: I'm in!
James: Great man! I'll write you later about the details!
Noah: Cool!
Summary: James and John want to buy a car and travel across the US. John wants Noah to go with them, because it will be cheaper. Noah agrees. They will be in touch.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi sweetie
Daniel: How are you?
Daniel: How are kids?
Irene: Hi honey, I miss you!
Irene: I'm fine and the kids are naughty as always :)
Daniel: I can't wait to see you all
Irene: What time do you think you'll be home?
Daniel: 10 p.m. hon
Irene: I should be still awake, I'm waiting for you
Daniel: You're the best, I love you
Irene: Love you too <3
Summary: Daniel will come back home after 10 pm. Irene will wait for Daniel.
Dialogue: Carol: Are you leaving?
Emily: I need 10 minutes
George: She needs 30 min at least, I know
Carol: LOL, I'll be outside
Summary: Emily needs some time before she's ready to leave. Carol will be outside. 
Dialogue: Brie: Becky, darling, I need to tell you that you look gorgeous! I’ve just seen your photo on Instagram
Becky: Thanks, that’s too kind!
Maya: Show us, show us!
Brie: <file_photo> this one
Maya: Oh my! Becky you look so fit!
Maya: Not that you looked bad before, but really, what a change!
Becky: No, you can be honest, I was fat ;)
Maya: I wouldn’t say fat, just a bit… plump
Becky: Well, I decided I had enough of it and went on a diet
Brie: How long did it took you? How many pounds have you lost?
Becky: I started in January, cliché I know, but it was my new year’s resolution
Becky: I lost 30 pounds in three months
Maya: Whoah, quite spectacular!
Becky: It wasn’t easy, especially at the beginning, but I was so fed up with looking fat and feeling ugly
Brie: Oh honey <3 but you look lovely!
Maya: But are you all right? It can be quite strenuous to lose so much weight so quickly
Becky: I know, but I did a blood test and my results are better than before and I feel great. Not about my body, but just in general
Maya: Are you working out? Or was it just the diet?
Becky: I started with the diet, but then when I felt better I decided to go to the gym and you know… get properly fit. I’m working out at least three times a week
Brie: What’s your regime? Are you going to classes or do you train with a personal trainer?
Becky: Hah, can’t afford a personal trainer. I go to classes sometimes, but I usually just train by myself, I don’t have a regime – I just go to the gym and exercise ;)
Maya: I’m just checking your Instagram. I’m really proud of you dear
Brie: What kind of diet were you on? I wouldn’t mind losing a pound or ten ;)
Becky: I used an online diet, it’s an app, but there’s a dietician, a real dietician watching over your results and ready to answer all your questions
Becky: Here’s their website: <file_other>
Maya: I may have a look as well ;)
Becky: But you have to be really strict with yourself. I was weighing everything I ate, otherwise it doesn’t work unfortunately
Becky: And no alcohol
Brie: Damn, that won’t be easy :D
Summary: Brie saw Becky's photo on Instagram. Becky lost 30 pounds in three months thanks to an online diet and exercise. 
Dialogue: Claudia: You know what? I saw Martin today.
Kate: Really? Was he alone?
Claudia: Not exactly.
Kate: :(
Claudia: He was walking with his dog :)
Kate :O
Summary: Claudia saw Martin today. He was walking his dog. 
Dialogue: Karen: how much do they charge for the car?
Victor: 30 per day
Frank: petrol not included?
Victor: No
Summary: They charge 30 per day per car, petrol excluded, as Victor says.
Dialogue: Christopher: do you remember this gold digger from "90 day fiancé"?
Sophie: this chick from Russia?
Sophie: Anfisa?
Christopher: yup
Christopher: she's got her own yt channel!! :D
Sophie: whaaat?!
Sophie: how did i not know this?! :D
Christopher: are you intrigued? :d
Sophie: of course i am, you know i'm a die hard fan of her :D :D :D
Christopher: XD
Christopher: so, did you checked it out?
Sophie: mhm
Sophie: she seems to be normal and honestly quite boring
Sophie: she constantly talks about Jorge's incarceration and shows off her muscles
Sophie: i'm BITTERLY disappointed!! :< ;p
Summary: Anfisa from Russia, the gold digger from "90 day fiancé", has got her own YT channel. Sophie finds it quite boring.
Dialogue: Amanda: You see the news today?
Patrick: Nope
Susan: Nope. I’ve given up on the news, there’s too much violence
Amanda: Well, I suggest you see CNN today
Susan: What happened?
Amanda: See it by yourself
Susan: Yes! Japan is giving vacant homes away! 
Susan: That’s wonderful news!
Amanda: You’ve always dreamed of relocating to Tokyo 😉
Susan: <gif>
Amanda: <gif>
Amanda: Will you guys go there with me?
Susan: hahahah maybe 😉
Patrick: Sure hahahah
Summary: Patrick didn't watch the news today. Susan doesn't watch the news at all. Japan is giving vacant homes away. Susan's always dreamed of moving to Tokyo.
Dialogue: Takako: Hi, how are you today?
Don: Hello! Good, thx. 
Don: And you?
Takako: Fine. I feel a bit sick, but nothing serious. 
Don: Are you going out tonight with us?
Takako: I wanted to go. I'll go if I feel all right. 
Don: Great, we didn't have a chance to talk live since last week.
Takako: That true. And I'd like to talk to you as well.
Takako: Hm, I'm not sure I'm gonna make it tonight.
Don: Not feeling well?
Takako: Yes :( 
Takako: I think it's a cold. 
Don: :(
Don: So maybe it's better you stay at home and take care of yourself.
Takako: Probably. 
Don: Or maybe you'd like me to come and chat?
Takako: I don't think it's a good idea. I feel tired and I don't want you to catch the same nasty cold.
Don: Okey. So you stay home and rest and I'll write you tomorrow, all right?
Takako: Yes :) 
Takako: Have a good evening! 
Don: Thank you! Take care! 
Summary: Takako has caught a cold. She will not go to the meeting with Don and the others. Instead, she will stay at home and rest. 
Dialogue: Ryan: How was your date Gary?
Jacob: Tell us!! 
Gary: Strange
Gary: She ate my burger !!
Ryan: WTF
Gary: exactly
Gary: I went to the loo
Gary: And when I came back she was finishing my burger! 
Summary: Gary's date ate his burger when he was in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Agatha: how is the new nanny doing?
Elise: we fired her yesterday :/
Elise: <file_gif>
Agatha: whaaat? what happened?
Elise: that's a long story, you have time for coffee tomorrow?
Agatha: in the morning. I have a meeting at 11:30.
Summary: Elise fired her nanny yesterday. She will meet Agatha for coffee tomorrow morning to discuss the issue. Agatha has a meeting at 11.30.
Dialogue: Hippolite: Where did you put the garage key?
Lola: In the hall cupboard, top drawer. 
Hippolite: Got it :*
Summary: Lola put the garage key in the hall cupboard, in the top drawer.
Dialogue: Kasia: We're in the group with the people from Connecticut?
Kim: seems so
Miles: oh no, they are so stupid
Kasia: I know
Summary: Kasia, Kim and Miles are in a group with the people from Connecticut.
Dialogue: Henry: hey any plans for tonight?
Louis: hmm not really ? why?
Henry: i was thinking lets meet
Louis: ohhh.. i will just confirm what time by the way and who else is joining?
Henry: for now Ron, me , Chris and Harris
Louis: good i will just confirm,
Henry: Sure
Louis: hi.. i just confirmed i am available would join you guys. whats the plan 
Henry: we are planning to go to play snooker first then dinner.
Louis: sounds great. 
Henry: we are planning to meet at your place first and then go in one car would that be ok?
Louis: absolutely no problem.
Henry: we chose your place because there is alot of parking space. so we all can leave our cars there.
Louis: yeah no problem.
Henry: ok see ya then we will be there around 8pm.
Louis: Sure, or if you guys want we can watch movie here at my place?
Henry: let me just ask everyone, would let you know then.
Louis: Sure.
Henry: i just confirmed with everyone they would love to watch movie but they think it will be very late then after dinner and its a working day tomorrow? 
Louis: oh ok no worries see you guys then
Henry: sure bye
Louis: bye
Summary: Henry and Louis arranged the meeting for tonight. Ron, Chris and Harris will join them. They plan to play snooker and have dinner. They will meet at 8pm at Louis's place, because there is a lot of parking space. Louis wants to watch movie at his place after dinner, but it's too late for his friends.
Dialogue: Taylor: John 
Josh: John 
John: what what
Josh: Why you're not in class? 
Taylor: She's taking attendance
Josh: I am here
Taylor: Where? 
Josh: The other end of the class xd
Summary: Taylor and Josh are worried that John is absent. In fact, John is sitting in the other end of the classroom.
Dialogue: Rodger: is everything ok with you?
Tobias: yes, don't worry
Walter: it looked pretty serious
Tobias: it's just side effect of my meds
Summary: Rodger and Walter are worried about Tobias, but he calms them that it's just side effect of his meds.
Dialogue: Tim: When are we meeting up again?
Tim: My phone calendar is playing up and I totally lost the schedule.
Fran: Thursday at 4pm.
Tim: OK.
Fran: De Grasso pizza place.
Tim: How do I get there?
Fran: It's in the center.
Fran: Not far from the church.
Fran: How are you getting there?
Tim: By train.
Fran: Get off at Lawrence Hill.
Fran: Head towards the courthouse.
Fran: Keep walking past, then past the church and all the way down to the end of the road.
Fran: It'll be on your right about 50 yards before the end of the street.
Tim: Is it easy to spot?
Fran: Fairly easy.
Fran: If you have problems finding it give me a call.
Tim: OK. I shall. See you there.
Fran: See you.
Summary: Fran explains to Tim how to get to De Grasso pizza place where they should meet on Tuesday, 4 pm.
Dialogue: Thomas: hey brian
Brian: let me guess, u need something
Thomas: you get me bestie
Brian: don't call me that
Thomas: why not
Brian: that's what girls use
Thomas: oh shut up
Brian: what do u want thom
Thomas: what was that song from maroon 5 jessie suggested the other day
Brian: What lovers do?
Thomas: yea great, thanks
Brian: what a baby
Summary: Thomas forgot the name of the song from Maroon 5 that Jessie suggested recently. Brian reminded Thomas the title. 
Dialogue: Polly: Hi, can I ask you for a favour?
Rebecca: Of course, what is it about?
Polly: You know that my parents have their anniversary next month?
Rebecca: Yeah I know, we'll come
Polly: That's great. Listen I'm doing them a surprise cause I want to make a photoalbum about what happened in this 25 years
Rebecca: That's an awesome idea!
Polly: The favour is: could you send me some pohotos from when their young? Cause I know that the old photoalbums are at your house
Rebecca: That's not a problem. I'll pick some nice up and drop it to you next weekend
Polly: That would be perfect. Thank you a lot
Summary: Rebecca will make a selection of photos featuring Polly's parents when they were young. She will deliver them to Polly next weekend.
Dialogue: Dermi: What app do you spend most of your time on?
Konnor: Youtube :P
Dermi: What kind of videos do you watch?
Konnor: I watch Liza Koshy
Dermi: Send me the link of her channel
Konnor: wait
Dermi: k
Konnor: <file_link>
Summary: Konnor spends most of his time on YouTube watching Liza Koshy's channel. Dermi wants a link to it. 
Dialogue: Kris: I did it
Hiram: Did what
Kris: You know very well ;>
Hiram: Ohhh noooo please tell me you didn’t broke into her house
Kris: Old lady Pratchet, yesss 8-)
Hiram: Omg you’re crazy what if somebody saw you
Kris: Naaah I was careful
Hiram: So how was it?
Kris: Extremely clean, many pieces of art, looks like a museum
Hiram: Haha that’s what I expected!! No dead people, any ghosts? ;>
Kris: Hah no, but I stole her glove
Hiram: Glove? What for?
Kris: Just as a souvenir :D
Hiram: Youre sick xd
Kris: Plus maybe she will find out and start thinking that SOMEBODY was in her house!!!
Hiram: Even more sick 
Summary: Kris broke into lady Pratchet's house and stole a glove as a souvenir.
Dialogue: Dorothy: <file_song>
Dorothy: absolutely love it! 
Sammy: oh, Bon Jovi! 
Sammy: I liked them a lot when I was a girl;)
Lucelle: me too! I had a crush on Jon :P
Lucelle: <3
Dorothy: he's so good looking!
Dorothy: and he's such a classic rockman! <3
Sammy: I still like Bon Jovi a lot, went to see them live last year and it was absolutely fab!
Lucelle: lucky you! Id love to see them play
Sammy: Ive heard they have a new tour, probably Warsaw too
Lucelle: I need to check it out!
Dorothy: maybe we can go together, like groupies :P
Sammy: why not, I can see them again ;)
Dorothy: <3
Summary: Sammy used to like Bon Jovi when she was a girl so she went to see them live last year. Dorothy, Lucelle and Sammy want to see them in Warsaw. Lucelle needs to check it out.
Dialogue: Owen: hey, hows your apartment search going?
Monica: not so good. not getting many responses.
Owen: i'm sorry. did you try that website I sent u?
Monica: yeah, i did. no luck, but i'll keep trying.
Owen: have you ever tried one of those websites where you can go and meet potential roommates at organized events?
Monica: yes, i went to a couple. I met some nice people there, but things didnt work out in the end.
Owen: oh man. well, I'll keep my ears open for you.
Monica: thanks. how are things working out at your new place?
Owen: good. roommates havent been here that much so Ive mostly been alone. they often go home after work or leave town for the weekend
Monica: i see.
Owen: yeah. do you want to come over and take a look at the apartment some time? I can make dinner.
Monica:  Sure, Id love to.
Owen: When would be a good time?
Monica: I'm free thursday night.
Owen: OK, cool. thats a good time for me.
Monica: great. want me to bring anything? 
Owen: I should be fine, thanks. Feel free to bring something to drink, but I have some wine and beer here already.
Monica: cool. alright, I'll see you thursday then.
Owen: see you then!
Summary: Monica is looking for an apartment. Owen gives her some searching suggestions. Owen's new place is good, his roommates are away after work or for weekends. Monica will visit Owen on Thursday night or dinner. 
Dialogue: Zoey: did you pay for our netflix this month?
Julia: i think so, what's wrong?
Zoey: i am trying to watch the new "Narcos" and it says I need to pay the subscription
Julia: maybe there was some error at the bank, I will look that up asap
Zoey: please do, i am soo bored :(
Julia: relax, i will fix it in a minute
Summary: Julia will check the subscription payment asap on Zoey request.
Dialogue: Veronica: I met my ex today
Veronica: By accident
Jane: And?
Veronica: Imagine that he had guts to invite me for a coffee.
Jane: And you refused?
Veronica: I didn't refuse
Jane: What?
Veronica: Isn't he the guy who left you crying at the train station?
Jane: He is
Jane: But all memories came back. I wanted to spend some time with him.
Veronica: Ehh you dummy. I'm coming to you.
Jane: :(
Summary: Veronica agreed o go out for a coffee with her ex. Veronica is coming to Jane's to talk about it.
Dialogue: Sash: u up
Caron: bed
Sash: k
Summary: Caron is in bed already.
Dialogue: Elaine: Hi, where did u put the hammer? I cant find it.
Alfonso: Lemme think.
Elaine: Alright, hurry. I dont have all day.
Alfonso: Did you check by the work bench?
Elaine: Yes.
Alfonso: What about the kitchen sink?
Elaine: I'll look now
Alfonso: OK.
Elaine: No, its not there.
Alfonso: Oh you know what. I lent it to Malcolm. He might be home right now. 
Elaine: Ill check with him
Alfonso: Ok.
Elaine: I got it, though its in rough shape.
Alfonso: Thats my fault. I dropped it the other day
Summary: Elaine can't find the hammer Alfonso lent to Malcolm. She gets it in the end.
Dialogue: Polly: have you watched Roma?
Neville: it's amazing
Georgina: I loved it
Polly: ok :)
Summary: Neville and Georgina have watched "Roma" and liked it.
Dialogue: Monika: say hi to your new Facebook friend, Monika
Keith: Hi, Monika.
Monika: Hello. Do I know you from somewhere?
Keith: Yes, you remember, I am Sophie's dad. Our kids were friends at school. 
Monika: Sophie from England?
Keith: That's right, you do remember.
Monika: I remember your Sophie punching my Paweł in the face, and me complaining to the school about it. How is she, anyway? Has she managed to stay out of prison?
Keith: Yes, she is in Croatia now, for the holiday. She only punched him in the face because he was hitting her, by the way.
Monika: Yes, but he was only hitting her because he liked her. But when she punched him back she broke his glasses, and you refused to pay for a new pair.
Keith: That's right! So glad you remember us.
Summary: Monika's son Paweł and Keith's daughter Sophie were going to school together. Paweł used to hit Sophie, because he liked her. Sophie hit Paweł back once and broke his glasses. Keith refused to pay for Paweł's glasses. Sophie is in Croatia now for holidays. 
Dialogue: Peter: I’ve been thinking about you
Dorothy: Sweet
Peter: I’d like to see you
Dorothy: Now?
Dorothy: It’s 11 p.m.
Dorothy: I’m going to sleep.
Peter: That’s a shame
Dorothy: You don’t talk to me for weeks and late Saturday evening suddenly you remember about my existence
Dorothy: If you want to fuck you need to try harder hun ;-)
Summary: Peter is texting Dorothy at 11 p.m. on Saturday after not talking to her for weeks, and she reckons he needs to try harder if he wants to go to bed with her.
Dialogue: Hayden: hey i heard ur learning russian?
Chandler: haha that's right:D
Hayden: :D
Chandler: why?
Hayden: i'm looking for a place to learn, too
Chandler: well i'm good with mine
Hayden: where do you go?
Chandler: empik 
Hayden: heard it's expensive
Chandler: yeah it is
Chandler: but Cam got me a good deal, 30% off
Hayden: how?
Chandler: she works there;)
Hayden: oh, really? didn't know that;) as?
Chandler: as a teacher;) 
Hayden: i see. do you think she could get me one as well?
Chandler: i doubt it, it was a family discount :/
Hayden: oh:( thanks anyway!
Summary: Hayden is looking for a place to learn Russian. Chandler goes to Empik but that's too expensive for Hayden. Chandler got a family discount through Cam, who works there. 
Dialogue: Sally: best pizza in Exeter please?
John: Rosario
Ben: Carluccio's
Sarah: Domino's
Maddie: Perfect Pizza!
Sally: thanks all
Summary: John, Ben, Sarah and Maddie give Sally pizza recommendations in Exeter.
Dialogue: Mike: hi, could you give me Sandra's phone number?
Alex: Sure, it's +1 9822-2342
Mike: alright, thanks!
Summary: Alex gives Mike Sandra's phone number.
Dialogue: Niles: How about we have a pizza today instead of cooking?
Rosa: We haven't had one in a long time! Home delivery or dining out?
Niles: Which would you prefer?
Rosa: Well, since our favourite restaurant doesn't do deliveries, I think I'd prefer to eat out
Niles: I'm fine with that. Let's meet up at the station and walk from there.
Summary: Niles and Rosa will eat pizza today in their favourite pizza place. They will meet at the station.
Dialogue: Ryan: Which is the best car when it comes to F1 race according to you
Jack: I'm not a big fan of the sport but I think Ferrari is the real deal
Ryan: It was but with the introduction of the Lamborghini. I'ts never the same again.
Jack: Okay
Summary: Jack is not a fan of Formula 1, but in his opinion Ferrari is the best Formula 1 car. Ryan doesn't quite agree.
Dialogue: Leon: did you find the job yet?
Arthur: no bro, still unemployed :D
Leon: hahaha, LIVING LIFE
Arthur: i love it, waking up at noon, watching sports - what else could a man want?
Leon: a paycheck? ;)
Arthur: don't be mean... 
Leon: but seriously, my mate has an offer as a junior project manager at his company, are you interested?
Arthur: sure thing, do you have any details?
Leon: <file_photo>
Arthur: that actually looks nice, should I reach out directly to your friend or just apply to this email address from the screenshot?
Leon: it's his email, you can send your resume directly and I will mention to him who you are :)
Summary: Arthur is still unemployed. Leon sends him a job offer for junior project manager position. Arthur is interested.
Dialogue: Allen: so do you know what youre gonna get for christmas
Robert: my parents asked what i want
Allen: and...
Robert: i told them its on them :D
Allen: why
Robert: i like surprises xD
Allen: what if they just punch you and say SURPRISE XD
Robert: dude? wth? :/
Allen: hahaha XD
Summary: Robert's parents will give him a surprise gift for Christmas. 
Dialogue: Matt: We ran out of sugar.
Nicky: I'll buy some after work. 
Matt: Thanks ;*
Nicky: Anything else we need?
Matt: Nope, that's all, honey :*
Summary: Nicky and Matt ran out of sugar. Nicky will buy some after work. 
Dialogue: Bo: what for dinner?
Mom: potato soup
Bo: bleh, i wanted pizza
Summary: Bo and Mom have potato soup for dinner.
Dialogue: Clare: Watch this <link_video>
Christine: Wow! Where’s this Clare?
Clare: Igazzu Falls. It really was that spectacular. I’d love to go again x
Christine:  it’s on my list. So beautiful 😍We have to catch up again soon xx
Gail: And what about Vic Falls? X
Clare: I still have Vic on my list 😄
Gail: Beautiful- Vic Falls and Zimbabwe so worthwhile too! Glad to see you are enjoying life xx
Norma: Vince and I will be at Niagara Falls. Ext weekend!
Clare: Still on my bucket list. Love to see your pics. Have a great time xxx
Summary: Clare would love to go again to Igazzu Falls. Gail is happy to see her enjoying life. Norma and Vince will be at Niagara Falls next weekend.
Dialogue: David: I forgot we had an homework, can I copy yours later? 
Susan: Sure, why not? Just do that before the lecturer comes 
David: Thank you. I heard you have Drake's new album. 
Susan: Yeah. I got from my sister last night. 
David: Can you send it to me now? 
Susan: OK, coming right up! 
Summary: David forgot to do his homework. Susan got Drake's new album. 
Dialogue: David: In two weeks we have the presentation.
Ivy: Yes. We should start preparing it.
Olympia: How about we meet today after school to talk about it
David: Today I can't. I have my rehearsal.
David: How about tomorrow?
Ivy: Tomorrow I can't.
Ivy: I'm visiting my grandma in the hospital.
Olympia: Maybe it's best to meet on Saturday 
David: Ok
Ivy: Saturday morning is good for me too. 
Olympia: You can come over to my place.
Olympia: Since it's difficult to organise a meeting maybe we should do all the job then
Ivy: Let's do it. 
Summary: David, Ivy and Olympia have the presentation in two weeks. They are meeting on Saturday morning at Olympia's to do all the presentation.
Dialogue: Jack: my car's freaking out
Phil: why do you think so?
Jack: it's making strange hissing noises
Jack: have no idea what's wrong
Phil: I see... do you think you can bring it to my garage?
Jack: I guess I can... will you help me?
Phil: I have no idea :) but at least I''ll try to figure out what's wrong
Jack: that'd be wonderful. What time can I come?
Phil: I'll be home at 3 p.m.
Phil: gonna only eat some dinner and then I'm free
Jack: sure, I'll be there at 4 then :)
Phil: I'll be ready
Summary: Jack's car is making strange hissing noises so he will bring it to Phil's garage at 4. 
Dialogue: Jenson: Sooo I’m here
Fatima: And?? How is it? Remember I’m planning to go there with Lincoln :D
Jenson: It’s ok, rooms are impressive but a bit small, and a hall looks like from a previous century
Fatima: But does everything work okay?
Jenson: Yes, the bathrooms are great, good windows, air conditioning, everything
Fatima: And how is Alene?
Jenson: She went to the sauna, I’m not into it
Fatima: She told she forgot her swimming suit xd
Jenson: Yea now she’s just wearing a towel, we’re going to buy a swimming suit tomorrow
Fatima: I bet you’re excited about it ;p
Jenson: Like hell I am xP IT WILL BE A NIGHTMARE
Fatima: I know she may be moody while shopping xd
Jenson: Yes she worries about her size too much and always has like two emotional breakdowns
Fatima: Eh I’m not surprised… Sorry for asking, but I don’t want to ask her: has she tried any diet?
Jenson: Several times but she always give up after a week
Fatima: Hmm that’s not the way it should be xP
Jenson: I told her she has a problem with motivation, it is the same with everything, she never finishes what she started
Fatima: Yea she probably should work on that. But that’s not easy
Jenson: I think she has depressive states and should go to the doctor
Fatima: Omg did you tell her about that?
Jenson: Of course, thousands of times, but she won’t listen
Fatima: Well, I’m sorry maybe she needs to feel like terribly bad to realize something’s wrong
Jenson: I guess so, you cant force someone, so I’m waiting
Fatima: But how long can you wait…
Jenson: Exactly.
Summary: Jenson and Alene are there. Jenson is satisfied. Fatima plans to go there with Lincoln. Alene forgot her swimming suit. Alene and Jenson will buy another one tomorrow. Alene has problems with motivation and has quit all the diets she tried. Jenson encourages Alene to treat her depressive states.
Dialogue: Kris: Anyone started writing this long paper for McMillan?
Alex: I did, but it’s so painful
Mindy: What you’re talking about? Mine is easy peasy
Alex: Wha? What are you writing about?
Mindy: My Sales Assistant experiences
Kris: Well, that’s so smart, but I didn’t do anything like this so gotta make things up
Kris: Really? You’re writing about your own work experience? But that’s biased
Mindy: Well, better than looking for some profession representatives and try from scratch, of course I’m gonna talk to my former colleagues 
Alex: That’s a good way out of this
Summary: Kris is struggling with a paper for McMillan, and so does Alex. On the other hand, Mindy finds it easy as she writes about her own work experience. 
Dialogue: Trevor: if you can't wait til the weekend, I'll sned you the photos then :)
Raquel: cant
Raquel: need them for tomorrows presentation
Trevor: what presentation?
Raquel: Miss Trenton's presentation...?
Trevor: shit! completely forgo t bout that!! crap!!
Summary: Raquel needs Trevor to send her pictures for Miss Trenton's presentation tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Peter: Did Sam tell you anything about him being late today?
Gloria: No, why?
Peter: Cause it's half past ten and he's still not here.
Gloria: No, he didn't say anything but you know how he is...
Peter: Lazy? :D
Gloria: i'd call it flaky...
Peter: Eeeer, I hate it when people are late
Gloria: I know...
Peter: it's just disrespectful and rude.
Gloria: I'm sure he's got an explanation
Peter: Oh, I'm sure he does! But why should I care?! I wake up at the crack of dawn...
Gloria: It's half past ten, Pete... <file_gif>
Peter: Oh go to hell, you too! :D
Summary: It's half past ten, and Peter is waiting for Sam, who is late.
Dialogue: Janet: i don't want to stick my nose where it doesn't belong
Janet: but after what you told me earlier, i think you should stay away from your cousin :-/
Oscar: i know what you mean and where you come from
Oscar: but he's family, i can't let him out to dry :-(
Janet: you can do whatever you want, just don't say i didn't warn you
Summary: Janet thinks that Oscar should distance himself from his cousin.
Dialogue: Len: how the bloody hell did that happen
Paul: I dont  no dont go blaming me
Len: well im tired of baling you out all the time
Paul: No one ask you 2
Len: what am I sposed to do stand there like an idiot while you are getting surrounded?
Paul: it wouldnt have come to nothing
Len: you didnt see what I saw
Paul: like what
Len: the bloke with the red shirt had a knife
Paul: really in his hand?
Len: yes and i could hardly not do nothing
Paul: oh right where are you now
Len: back of the garages by eastern Avenue
Paul: stay there mate I will be there to pick u up in 5
Summary: Paul was surrounded, Len saw that a man with the red shirt had a knife in his hand. Len is tried of rescuing Paul all the time. Len is at the back of the garages by Eastern Avenue. Paul will be there in 5 min to pick him up.
Dialogue: Martin: my new neighbor is crazy
Martin: i can't stand him
Christian: He's Joe's brother, right?
Martin: YES!
Martin: Which makes complaining about him really awkward. 
Christian: Why do you say he's crazy?
Martin: his apartment smells so bad that I can smell it
Martin: he plays loud music all the time
Martin: his voice is so thunderous that I hear his conversations when he's on the phone
Martin: he has a dog that won't stop barking
Martin: Strangers keep coming in and out of his apartment
Martin: I tried to introduce myself the day he moved in but he ignored me
Christian: That sounds like the neighbor from hell
Martin: he is! That's him!
Christian: Maybe you could talk to Joe
Martin: No, that's fine, we're grown adults.
Martin: If it escalates I'll deal with him directly.
Martin: i think that's better
Christian: Good idea.
Summary: Martin doesn't like his new neighbor. Although he's Joe's brother, he ignored Martin. Smelly place, loud music, loud talking and a barking dog are the reasons Martin will have to deal with the neighbor if it doesn't stop.
Dialogue: Lucas: man have u played RDD yet
Marshall: RDD?
Lucas: my bad
Lucas: I meant RDR2
Marshall: Ah
Marshall: Haven't had the chance to do that yet, I'm a little strapped for cash atm
Lucas: ohhh ur missin out
Lucas: man
Marshall: It's not often that I see you freak out like this over a game xD
Lucas: ur only saying that cuz u havent tried it urself
Lucas: its fucking magical im telling u
Marshall: Well, I have read a lot of good things about it too
Marshall: I'm hoping to get it soon
Lucas: like
Lucas: check out the snow physics
Lucas: <file_video>
Lucas: (also prepare for a surprise lol)
Marshall: Oh man, that is pretty sweet, wow
Marshall: It's the first time I've seen snow this realistic
Marshall: WTH
Marshall: Happened there
Marshall: Oh my God
Lucas: hahahahaha xD
Lucas: told u there was a surprise
Marshall: Nothing could've prepared me for that lol
Marshall: If it's a bug, I wouldn't even care because that's hilarious
Marshall: Damn, now you've really made me want to play it
Lucas: ;) ur welcome
Marshall: I don't have this much money, though... unless you can lend me some?
Summary: Marshall can't afford RDR2. Lucas is hyped with the game. Marshall wants to play it too.
Dialogue: Ares: The video you previously sent me was so nice.
Ares: It helped me calm down myself.
Grek: I am glad it helped you
Grek: <file_video>
Grek: This is the conversation between Gandhi and the professor.
Ares: Thank you a lot. I will be looking forward to the next video.
Summary: Ares is thankful for the video.
Dialogue: John: Is sex ever safe?
Jason: It's a good question.
John: In Japan thru have sex with robots...Seems safe to me, don't you think?
John: They*
Jason: That's interesting. But can there be sex without attachment?
John: Maybe yes. People can have sex without love. But the point is that it is risky. 
Jason: That's true. People don't want to take such risks. Hmmmm...
John: How about sex without politics?
Jason: I don't think you can ever really remove all the politics... But that's what makes it exciting. Isn't it?
Summary: John and Jason are discussing the meaning of 'safe sex'. John considers having sex with robots safe. He thinks people can have sex without love. Jason thinks you can't separate politics from sex completely.
Dialogue: Roxanne: I'm applying for a Spanish passport.
Roxanne: My grandfather was Spanish.
Ivy: I need to look through my family history.
Ivy: I could also need one after Brexit... 
Summary: Roxanne is applying for a Spanish passport as her grandmother was Spanish. Ivy needs to look through her family history.
Dialogue: Pete: Yo
Frank: Hey
Pete: Are you watching True Detective?
Frank: Yeah, but I haven't seen the latest episode yet, I'll watch it tomorrow morning before gym
Pete: Ok. A lot of stuff going on in this episode
Frank: No spoilers please!
Pete: Don't worry
Frank: This season is good, really good
Pete: Yeah, season 2 sucked, this one is really good indeed
Frank: And the actors are so damn good... Hey, you know what?
Pete: Yeah?
Frank: The reason why Mahershala Ali is a great actor
Pete: Tell me
Frank: If you look at his face in TD and then in any other movie he's starred in he looks like an entirely different person
Pete: Why?
Frank: Well, here he looks extremely serious and dedicated, while anywhere else he looks like a witty smart ass, maybe a con artist or a pimp XD
Pete: Lol
Frank: But seriously, great actor
Pete: Dorff is also really great
Frank: Yeah, both of them and all the other actors as well, it's a great season
Pete: Also the writing is great
Frank: Indeed, it's miles above season 2
Summary: Pete has seen the latest episode of True Detective. Frank will watch it tomorrow morning before gym. Season 2 sucked, but this season is really good. 
Dialogue: Veronica: Look at this!
Veronica: <file_photo>
Martha: Oh dear ... This looks delicious!
Veronica: And it tastes like this as well!
Martha: I believe you, I know you're a great cook ... When are you coming back home?
Veronica: I'll be there in a month 
Martha: Really?! We haven't seen each other in ages!
Veronica: I know ... I miss home and my dog ...
Martha: Well, nothing to complain about, I've heard about your trip to Paris!
Veronica: Yes! I can't wait! So Paris in a week, then I fly home directly
Martha: Amazing ;) Now I'm jealous because of your deliciously looking dinner AND your trip!
Veronica: Don't worry, I'll cook something when I'm back
Martha: Great, can't wait!! <3
Summary: Veronica has cooked a delicious dinner. She goes to Paris in a week and she'll be back home in a month. Then she'll meet with Martha.
Dialogue: Tim: Hey
Lance: Hey
Tim: Do you still need that book of mine?
Lance: No, if you need it back I'll drop by later today
Tim: Ok, thanks! I need it for my paper
Lance: Ok, can I come around 5 PM?
Tim: Any time is ok for me, I really need it XD
Lance: Ok then
Tim: Thanks
Lance: Thank you for the book, man!
Summary: Tim needs his book back for his paper. Lance will bring it around 5 pm.
Dialogue: Meg: How's work?
Meg: Don is Don, you know - pisses me off most of the time
Tony: ok at work, they don't pay a lot, but still it's quite ok
Tony: the manager is cool
Meg: that's something for a start... 
Tony: Yeah, and it's close
Summary: Tony is quite satisfied with his job.
Dialogue: Jane: Rick, I have a medical appointment on the 7th, could you watch Jess for me?
Rick: At what time and for how long?
Jane: I need to leave home around 1PM, it's close so it shouldn't take more than 2-2,5 hours.
Rick: Ok, that should work, just remember that I would need to leave at 4PM at latest as I have an event to attend in the evening.
Jane: Great, thanks!
Summary: Jane sees a doctor on the 7th at 1 pm. Rick agrees to take care for Jess untill 4 pm.
Dialogue: Daniel: btw have you started watching the series yet?
Sally: the Americans? I have and I am in love with it. It's really good. I mean I rarely get to watch series that keep consistent throughout the seasons and I have been binge watching this one since the last time we spoke.
Daniel: I knew you'd like it. The things they do are crazy, there's no way to tell how many people they've killed ;)
Sally: I know, but for some reason it doesn't make you like them less, I think that's the best part about it!
Daniel: Idk, I find Page hard to stomach sometimes... Annoying little know it all
Sally: Like in that scene when she thought she would fight Phillip? Like she stands a chance! He wiped he floor with her.
Daniel: Yeah, I really enjoyed that one. Have you seen all the episodes?
Sally: Not yet, last season left. NO SPOILERS PLS
Daniel: I wouldn't do it to you. So which one do you like better: Felicity or Americans?
Sally: it's kinda weird to see Keri Russel be so badass but she's so good at it! Felicity was a bit too whiny for my liking. Elizabeth is like a stone with no feelings, works better for me. You?
Daniel: Def Elizabeth. That's why I stopped watching Homeland, what's her name was too all over the place. I seriously doubt somebody that unstable would be CIA.
Sally: She does get a bit crazy... I didn't like how they made her the only 'enlightened' one, so unreal. Stopped watching after the 3rd season, didn't like what they did to Brody.
Daniel: I didn't even get that far. Shame. really thought it had potential and her crazy completely ruined it for me. I was hoping they would kill her off the entire time.
Sally: That's a bit harsh ;) But I get it, you probably hoped for less drama and more action.
Summary: Daniel and Sally enjoy "The Americans" but Daniel dislikes Page. They both prefer Keri Russel in "The Americans" than "Felicity". They both were disappointed with "Homeland".
Dialogue: Helen: What's on the menu today in the cafeteria?
Arthur: Saussages and mash potatoes
Helen: OK, think I better order a pizza...
Arthur: Definitively :))
Summary: Helen prefers to order a pizza rather than eat sausages and mash potatoes in the cafeteria today. 
Dialogue: Dan: Ellie dumped me
Sebastian: Oh crap
Dan: Yeah, crap...
Sebastian: What happened?
Dan: I prefer not to talk about it right now... I'll tell you tomorrow, ok?
Sebastian: Well, ok...
Dan: Life's a piece of shit
Sebastian: Don't tell me, my parrot died this morning
Summary: Dan was dumped by Ellie. He and Sebastian will talk about it tomorrow. Sebastian's parrot died this morning.
Dialogue: Olivia: When is your birthday?
Harry: It's on Saturday. You remembered :-)
Olivia: I remembered it was in November didn't remember when exactly
Harry: I'm planning to have a little party at home
Harry: But I guess you will be going to Belgium
Olivia: I'm planing to. But it depends on my supervisor
Olivia: If she wants to see me on Friday, then I won't go
Olivia: I'll let you know
Summary: Harry's birthday is on Saturday and he is throwing a little party. If Olivia does not go to Belgium, she will let Harry know.
Dialogue: Mary: do u have a red lipstick with u?
Ann: Always :)
Ann: Why?
Mary: I lost mine somewhere :(
Summary: Ann has always a red lipstick with her. Mary lost hers.
Dialogue: Jacob: Have you seen Grubber recently?
Angela: Nope
Ruth: I think he's travelling
Jacob: He's always travelling
Jacob: I tried to call him but his phone is off
Jacob: Doesn't reply FB messages either
Angela: Why? Do you need him?
Jacob: I need my money back
Jacob: He took 200$ and disappeared 
Summary: Grubber took Jacob's 200$ and there's no way to contact him.
Dialogue: Martha: I don't feel like making dinner today
Richard: Wanna order a pizza?
Martha: Yeah, that's what I was thinking
Martha: Not from that new place, though, the pizza was soggy last time, let's stick with the usual one
Richard: OK. I'll get us our favourite, then
Summary: Richard and Martha will order their favourite pizza. 
Dialogue: Emily: ok I think I've got the dress
Emily: I mean it's 75% ready
Emily: but I'm not sure the fabric will do
Emily: <file_photo>
Gabriel: why?
Emily: hmm it looks quite heavy
Emily: and in fact it is
Gabriel: hm it looks ok to me
Evan: hm I thought it actually looked quite heavy when you sent the pic last time
Evan: I mean it looked like comfy-soft, not smart-evening fabric
Emily: hmmm
Evan: why don't you make it into a skirt
Evan: and but sth else for the dress?
Emily: I don't think i have the money and time for that
Emily: and I'm not sure if it really looks so bad
Gabriel: looks fine to me
Gabriel: i would leave it as it is
Summary: Emily's evening dress is 75% ready, but she's not sure whether the fabric isn't too heavy. However, she'll probably wear it. 
Dialogue: Mary: Hello. Im writing to let you know the cake you ordered is ready. Feel free to come and get it whenever you want.
Fred: Thank you really much! I'm afraid though I won't be able to get it before friday. That a problem?
Mary: Not at all. However, bear in mind we're only open till midday on Fridays. 
Fred: Doesn't sound good. What about Saturday? Are you open??
Mary: Absolutely. Also here till midday.
Fred: great. So see you on Saturday.
Summary: Fred's cake is ready. He cannot pick it up on Friday so he will do it on Saturday. The place is open until midday on Friday and Saturday.
Dialogue: Mason: Did you see the latest episode of The Big Bang Theory?
Riley: Yeah, I liked it, but not as much as previous one
Mason: I laughed pretty hard, Sheldon is always so funny
Riley: I think that what Penny and Bernadette did was just evil...poor Raj
Mason: Noo, it wasn't, come on XD
Summary: Mason and Riley enjoyed the latest episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Dialogue: Alivia: I'm having a great breakfast right now
Declan: What are you eating?
Alivia: <file_photo>
Declan: That looks good
Alivia: Wanna some?
Declan: Of course!
Summary: Alivia is having a good breakfast right now. She offers to share it with Declan.
Dialogue: Nina: Thank you for the flowers! Beautiful!
Tim: :-) 
Nina: And such a surprise!
Tim: It was meant to be so.
Nina: You've made my day. Thank you :-)
Tim: Thank you for spending such a wonderful day with me yesterday. The flowers mean nothing when compared to that.
Nina: You're making me blush.
Tim: :-) 
Tim: Have a good day!
Nina: Thank you. See you
Tim: Now you have made my day :-D
Summary: Tim surprised Nina with flowers after they spent a nice day together yesterday.
Dialogue: David: Hey do you know what extension we're supposed to use for the files?
Jo: Haven't you seen the message from the prof?
David: oh was there one
Jo: Yeah...
Jo: <file_image>
David: Oh thanks a lot of that
David: So it seems like each of us has a different extension to use
David: Right?
Jo: Yep
David: got it. so have you started working on your part then?
Jo: isn't the weather beautiful today?
David: it's fucking hailing Jo
Jo: lol
Jo: yeah I haven't done much yet... took a look at the program and turned it off cuz it was ugly
David: you're not going far in life are you
Jo: neither are people who create programs with that kinda aesthetic
David: oh well let me know when you've already done some, already feeling doubts piling up
Jo: don't worry, i'm waiting for you to start first too...
David: seems like we're not pushing each others to succeed
Jo: and this is the kind of friendship I've always hoped for <3
David: ok well... dinner time. ttyl
Jo: i well know you just wanna start working on the project right now...
Jo: so good luck with that!
David: go to hell Jo
Summary: David and Jo procrastinate over the execution of an assignment. Following the professor's instructions Jo and David will work with different extensions.
Dialogue: Austin: just missed the bus
Austin: next one is in 15 min
Calvin: should we wait?
Austin: start without me
Austin: I'll join you afterwards
Calvin: ok
Summary: Austin has missed his bus and has to wait 15 min for another one. Calvin will start without him.
Dialogue: Olivia: Where are you?
Jeniffer: We're in the exhibition in the second floor
Nicole: The one downstairs is very boring
Olivia: But I wanted to see it
Nicole: then do
Nicole: We decided to skip it
Olivia: ok, I'll join you later
Summary: Olivia wants to see the exhibition downstairs. Jennifer and Nicole find it very boring, so they skipped it and are now in the exhibition in the second floor.
Dialogue: George: so what about Monday?
Mike: at 4 pm?
George: ok! 
Mike: great, see U!
Summary: Mike and George agreed to meet on Monday at 4 pm.
Dialogue: Tracy: Should I make a reservation for two at nails?
Joanna: Yes please
Tracy: K will do 
Summary: Tracy will book an appointment for her and Joanna at a nail bar.
Dialogue: Gera: hey, i was given your number by lucy
Hope: hey, yeah she told me of a client who wanted some help.
Gera: im glad she told you.
Hope: yeah she did.
Gera: what time will you be available in your office?
Hope: meet me at 2, ill be there
Gera: okay then
Summary: Gera got Hope's number from Lucy. She is going to meet Hope at 2 in her office.
Dialogue: Rashid: Hi love, just wanted to remind you about the dishwasher repair guy coming today.
Fran: Oh yes, I did remember, what time is he coming?
Rashid: Between 2 and 6pm, they said.
Fran: Can't they narrow it down a bit! I have go pick the kids up.
Rashid: Just ring them with you mobile number and they usually can warn you when they're on their way. Their numbers 222 444, Dudley code.
Fran: Right, thanks babes. I'll sort it now. See you later. Xx
Summary: Rashid reminds Fran of the dishwasher repairman visit between 2 and 6pm today. Rashid suggests Fran to call at 222 444 if he wants to know when the maintenance man is on his way.
Dialogue: Garfield: Let's meet on Sunday
Tom: ok
Liina: ok
Summary: Garfield, Tom and Liina will meet on Sunday.
Dialogue: Paulina: what are you doing?
Natasha: working right now, the tasks for Apple
Jim: Me too
Paulina: so boring 
Summary: Natasha and Jim are working on the tasks for Apple.
Dialogue: Pauline: Can I reserve a table for 6 for tonight?
Restaurant: Of course, what time?
Pauline: 7 PM, if possible.
Restaurant: No problem. It's done. Can I help with anything else?
Pauline: No, thank you.
Restaurant: We're looking forward to seeing you tonight.
Summary: Pauline reserves a table for six tonight at 7 PM at the Restaurant.
Dialogue: Maxine: honey, pay more attention to the stuff u buy
Mark: is it expired?
Maxine: tomorrow it will expire :(
Mark: sorry
Summary: Maxine reminds mark to check the date on stuff he buys. 
Dialogue: Lam: I'm at the gate
Pati: Have a safe flight
Larry: See you tomorrow!! 
Summary: Lam is about to take a flight. He will see Larry tomorrow.
Dialogue: Sandra: I fucking hate you Jimmy
Jimmy: come on baby
Sandra: don't you baby me
Jimmy: it was nothing she's just a friend!!!
Sandra: friends don't hold hands you fuck
Jimmy: NOTHING happened
Sandra: like I believe you
Jimmy: What can I do?
Summary: Sandra is angry at Jimmy for holding hands with another girl. 
Dialogue: Alicia: <file_photo>
Eddie: wow
Alicia: it will do :D
Alicia: it’s reaaaally nice on the inside
Eddie: :D
Summary: Alicia is sending a photo to Eddie and finds its content nice on the inside. 
Dialogue: Kitty: I think Barbara is a bit angry about the holidays
Sharon: Really? Why? I didn't see that yesterday
Kitty: I know, she won't tell anything but she's disappointed
Kitty: But I just don't want to go there
Sharon: That's your choice, you have a right to go wherever you want
Kitty: I guess she thinks I don't want to go with her and it's not the case
Kitty: I just prefer to go for two weeks for the same money
Sharon: Don't feel guilty, maybe she's disappointed but I'm sure she can understand
Sharon: I think the problem is that Lucy set her up before and she thought she would convince you
Sharon: Where are you going finally?
Kitty: Not sure, I'll have to choose between Greece and Spain
Kitty: I have to book next week before the prices get too high
Summary: Kitty won't go for holiday with Sharon because she thinks she can find a better offer for the same amount of money.
Dialogue: Kevin: Selling my car if anyone’s interested..
Rob: i’ll ask my friends
Kevin: cheers mate!
Greg: don’t like your car but good luck!
Kelly: Have you sorted out that massive mess inside?
Kevin: I did!
Summary: Kevin wants to sell his car. Rob will ask his frends if they are interested in buying it.
Dialogue: Nickolas: how's the film?
Mario: bad 
Mario: i mean, bad bad 
Nickolas: haha out of 10?
Mario: out of 10 hmmmm -33 xD
Nickolas: hahaha ok i need to see it then xD
Summary: Because Nickolas thinks the film was very bad, Mario wants to see it himself.
Dialogue: Petra: Hey I'm at the liquor store
Petra: do you remember the name of that coffee liqueur Mum served last Christmas?
Teia: I don't think it was coffee-flavoured
Petra: well it was sweet and creamy
Teia: it was Amarula
Petra: aaaaah thanks :D
Summary: Petra is at the liquor store. Last Christmas Petra's mother served Amarula.
Dialogue: Sue: Hi love, you alright!
Paul: yeah, been all over the place. Was meaning to ring you, sorry! 
Sue: No probs. Dad's fine, maybe give him a bell, He's always asking if I've heard from you...
Paul: Will do... how is Dad?
Sue: Yeah, not bad, his legs giving him gip, though. I've told him to go to Drs, but he doesn't listen! 
Paul: does he ever? What you been up to, working yet?
Sue: yes, did some supply last week in Swansea. Kids were little shits, really don't want to go there again!
Paul: think of the money! That's what I Do!
Sue: got an interview next week, mind. In that new school in Port Talbot. Nervous, but hopeful. I'm sick of supply teaching!
Paul : Good luck! Saw Russell Howard in Birmingham last weekend. The was amazing! 
Sue: Brilliant! Love him on TV! Tell me next time you go, I'll try and get up there. We saw Bohemian Rhapsody last Sat. Was excellent. Brian May actor was just like him and the guy who played Freddie was stunning!
Paul: oh yeah, I read about that. It had terrible reviews, it put me off!
Sue: yeah, I thought so too. But everyone in the cinema loved it. You always liked Queen as a kid, much more than me. You should go, the kids would like it too.
Paul: maybe! They don't like old stuff, mind. Zack is always saying my taste is crap!
Sue: he needs to broaden his tastes. That Korean stuff he likes is not the best! 
Paul : yep, it's terrible! I should educate him in good music. We'll go this weekend! Karen won't mind. We never go out together anymore, she says!
Sue: you won't be sorry! When you visiting next?
Paul: Christmas, I think, not sure when exactly. 
Sue: any ideas for the kids' presents? Money again!
Paul: I'll get back to you about that! Anyway, see you later, love. 
Sue: 👍
Summary: Sue and Paul's dad has some problems with legs. Sue did some supply teaching work last week in Swansea and has an interview next week in a new school in Port Talbot. Paul saw Russell Howard in Birmingham last weekend and Sue saw Bohemian Rhapsody. Paul will probably visit for Christmas next.
Dialogue: Madison: What do you think about the professor's dressing today? 
Alexander: Yeah was looking quite handsome
Madison: Yeah he was looking absolutely amazing
Alexander: Dont tell me youve crush on him xD
Madison: Are you stupid or what? :/ I didnt even think like that :/
Alexander: Ethan told me something like that :P
Madison: How dare he. ill talk to him tomorrow
Summary: Ethan has suggested to Alexander that Madison has a crush on a professor.
Dialogue: Alice: What chores do your children do? 
Ben: Lilly makes her bed, puts dirty clothes in the basket, puts toys away, helps with meals.
Poppy: pretty much the same plus they help me with hanging up the washing 
Alice: I just wanna make sure i don't put too much pressure on them.
Ben: i reckon they can do pretty much everything they are capable of.
Alice: yeah, my kids seem to have fun doing chores!
Poppy: oh, and I ask my children to unload the washing machine and dishwasher.
Alice: i have to try these ones too.
Mark: Freddie enjoys doing shopping with me
Poppy: i think this is very important so that they learn it is everyone's responsibility
Mark: it is something we can do together 
Poppy: and it makes them so proud :)
Alice: yeah, i do think it boosts their self-esteem! :)
Ben: definitely, i agree with you 100%.
Summary: Alice wants to know if she doesn't overburden her children with chores. Ben's and Poppy's children have similar chores. The children enjoy helping and it boosts their self-esteem.
Dialogue: Philip: Did you see Green Book?
Miranda: Yes, I loved it :)
Philip: Have to see this weekend
Philip: And Bohemian Rhapsody?
Miranda: No, actually green book is the only oscar movie I saw...
Miranda: Viggo Mortensen was great <3
Philip: I didn't watch the oscars but heard it was boring
Miranda: The truth is I never watch it
Miranda: Just some highlights later
Philip: You want to go with me?
Philip: To see bohemian rhapsody
Miranda: OK
Miranda: When?
Philip: Friday night or Sat
Miranda: I have a wedding on saturday
Miranda: Friday night then
Philip: OK I'll check it out
Philip: Who's getting married?
Summary: Miranda enjoyed watching Green Book and that was the only oscar movie she saw. Philip does not watch the oscars and Miranda never watches it, only some higlights later. Philip and Miranda will go to see Bohemian Rhapsody on Friday night. On Saturday Miranda goes to the wedding.
Dialogue: Manuel: Hi there. I'm interested in your flat that you have on AirBnB.
Kimberly: Hi! Yes, what dates did you have in mind?
Manuel:  From the 12th to 19th of July. 
Kimberly: Those dates are still free if you wish to have them. Will it be just you?
Manuel: It will be me and my wife. 
Kimberly: Ok it will be my pleasure to host you two if you so want!
Manuel: We looked at a lot of places to stay and your flat looked really clean and confortable. Plus it's in a good location right in the center of the city.
Kimberly: Thank you :D If you want to call me so we can talk a little bit better, my number is ***********.
Manuel: Thanks, will do.
Summary: Manuel books the flat from the 12th to 19th of July. He will arrive with his wife.
Dialogue: Ceaser: Yow.
Ceaser: There is an upcoming FIFA 19 tournament
Antonio: Yoh bro
Antonio: When is that?
Ceaser: This weekend. The prizes are just amazing man!
Ceaser: The winner gets a brand new PS4,  64 inch 4K sonny TV and 100 dollars😜
Antonio: OMG! Let me start polishing up my game.
Ceaser: You better man. It's never going to be easy for us.
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: But neither for them. Remember how I dominate you guys back at home.
Ceaser: You Lucky boy🤣🤣
Antonio: Haha! Let's win those prizes then💪
Summary: Ceaser and Antonio are going to take part in a FIFA 19 tournament this weekend. Antonio wants to start preparing right away.
Dialogue: Alfie: I think my name is stupid!
Holly: I don't! It's cool!
Alfie: Not cool at all.
Holly: It is, you are the only one!
Alfie: True.
Holly: Is it short for something?
Alfie: Alfred. My grandpa's name.
Holly: Oh! Are you the third?
Alfie: Yep. My dad is junior.
Holly: You could go by Trey! Some people do.
Alfie: Never thought of that!
Holly: See? I'm smart! LOL!
Alfie: You are! Good idea!
Summary: Alfie doesn't like his name. Holly likes it. 
