Dialogue: Roland: Are you in the library?
Susan: yes, but the ground floor this time
Yen: I'm upstairs, no idea how you can stand the coldness there Susan
Summary: Susan and Yen are in the library.
Dialogue: Willow: hey hey :) can you help me with something?
Paula: sure :) what is that?
Willow: you know your way around this stuff
Willow: so what exactly is 'ks' in the word 'książe'? like a phoneme? a morpheme? just a pair of sounds? Help! :o
Paula: hahaha 
Paula: i think it's an affricate
Paula: it's a plosive + fricative
Paula: and I also guess it belongs together with 'i' so it gets labialized 
Paula: but don't quote me on that lol :D 
Paula: <file_other>
Willow: thank you so much Paulz <3 <3 <3
Paula: no problem :)
Summary: Paula explains the classification of consonants in the Polish word 'książę' to Willow.
Dialogue: Jennifer: ok, i just finished editing
Patricia: great)
Madison: how was it?
Jennifer: not so bad, took me 1h
Patricia: uuu that was fast
Jennifer: THE BODY SHOP / HAUL??
Madison: THE BODY SHOP / HUGE UNBOXING HAUL?
Patricia: the sec is better
Jennifer: ok
Jennifer: done :)
Madison: did you add links in description?
Jennifer: ofc :)
Madison: ok, perfect :)
Summary: Jennifer has finished editing. She has added links to the description.
Dialogue: Ana: Hey, what time are you coming?
Lisa: four or five p.m. 
Lisa: How that suits you?
Ana: Ok I'm going to order pizza
Ana: Any wishes?
Lisa: Just pick some, no meet
Ana: Done
Ana: I'm glad you'll be our guests finally
Ana: And kids will have fun with a puppy
Lisa: They can't wait actually
Lisa: very curious to see their favourite auntie running a new house ;-)
Ana: Oh, what have you told them?
Ana: I could imagine
Lisa: All the good things, don't worry
Lisa: We'll have a great time together
Lisa: Text me in case, we have to bring something and see you soon
Summary: Lisa and the kids are coming over to Ana's house in the afternoon. Ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog.
Dialogue: Jorge: Hurry up, man
Dusan: I'm trying, I'm trying...hold on to your horses.
Jorge: If you don't get your ass down here, we're going to miss the show.
Dusan: Grrrrr
Summary: Dusan is on his way to the show he is going to watch with Jorge. 
Dialogue: John: I'm leaving for a few months soon guys, could anybody take care of my apartment?
Tom: how comes? where are you going?
Paul: sure, this is not a problem, but what happened?
John: I just quitted my job and I think about living from savings for a while
Tom: where are you going to go?
John: I think south-east Asia
Tom: cool! anybody you're going with?
John: don't think so, we broke up with Elena on Monday
Paul: gosh, guy, a lot is happening, let's meet for a beer first and talk about it, don't run away before talking to us
John: I know it doesn't sound well, but I'm really fine and relieved 
John: I realised recently I hated mu life, I needed a change
John: but, sure, let's meet, even tonight
Tom: Perfect, I'll let you know here when I'm free
John: ok! I've plenty of time now of course!
Summary: John's going to south-east Asia. John, Tom and Paul will meet before the departure.
Dialogue: Joe: Did you just call me?
Harry: No, why?
Joe: It shows that you called?
Harry: Oh, wait...my daughter was playing with me phone. It might have been her.
Joe: Ok, no problem. Hey, do you know that we haven't spoken since last year?
Harry: Yeah, it's been a while. Time flies... work, home, work, home, what can you do?
Joe: We should hang out some time. What are you doing Fri?
Harry: I have this thing at work, but maybe I can get out of going. What did you have in mind?
Joe: Let's grab something to eat, burger?
Harry: Sounds good. Know any good places?
Joe: Like a ton of new places opened up, but Bourbon St. is supposed to be really good.
Harry: Cool, call me when you get off work Fri.
Joe: Ok, see ya
Harry: Take care
Summary: Joe and Harry haven't spoken since last year. They are going to meet up at Bourbon St. on Friday and grab a burger.
Dialogue: Will: Hi, is there anything I should know about?
Stan: Nothing, I can think of.
Will: You already spoke to the bank?
Stan: Bank? What about?
Will: You kidding, right?
Stan: No. 
Stan: Wait. I remember now. Keep calm, will go there tonight!
Summary: Stan will go to the bank tonight.
Dialogue: Bob: What time is it in London?
Drella: 1 am
Bob: go to sleep then!!!
Summary: It is 1 am in London.
Dialogue: Helen: Are you going to the dance on Saturday?
Hannah: Of course! I'll be singing there
Helen: What are you talking about?
Hannah: We will have a small perfomrance
Helen: What do you mean with 'we' I thought you'll be solo
Hannah: Don't be funny I couldn't make something like this solo
Hannah: We are 15 people, 10 are singing and rest is playing instruments
Helen: Wow that sounds great, what instruments?
Hannah: A guitar, 2 violins, an alto and one small drum
Helen: That's almost a band
Helen: What are you singing?
Hannah: That should be a surprise for everyone so I can't tell you
Helen: Please...
Hannah: The only thing I can tell you that it will be a Christmas performance
Helen: Yeah I can't wait!
Hannah: What you are wearing for the dance?
Helen: That's why I'm texting you...I honestly have no idea what to wear...
Hannah: You have this gorgeus red dress that you wear on my birthday I think it wil fit for the Christmas theme
Helen: That's actually not a bad idea
Helen: I honestly forgot about that dress
Hannah: It's really pretty. I will have a black long dress because we will all were black 
Helen: It will be looking great, I'm sure!
Summary: Hannah accompanied by 15 people will perform at the Saturday's dance. The song is a secret. Hannah thinks Helen should wear the red dress for the dance. Hannah will wear black, just like the other performers.
Dialogue: Patty: Happy b-day darling, may all your dreams come true!
Agatha: Thank you <3 <3
Patty: <file_gif>
Summary: Patty is sending Agatha birthday wishes. 
Dialogue: Evan: Do you have notes from ECON 101
Jakob: I do
Jakob: Want them? 
Jakob: I want your notes from ECON 254 if you have them 
Ola: I do! 
Ola: They're not that great because she talked about the same stuff all over
Jakob: I see 
Jakob: but still :p 
Evan: k I want both! 
Ola: xd 
Summary: Jakob will send the notes from ECON 101, Ola will share ECON 254.
Dialogue: Claire: Anyone home now?
Kitty: I'll be there soon, why?
Claire: I have a package delivery set up in half an hour
Kitty: Might not make it sorry
Claire: How about you Tom?
Tom: I am just making my last turn and I'll be there in 5
Claire: Gosh you're gonna save my ass picking it up
Tom: hahaah like always ladies, like always
Claire: Oh come on, not true, I helped you out too once 
Tom: Once, I've picked up dozens of clothes you ordered lol
Kitty: But never did that for me, huh?:D 
Tom: True! I guess you don't order for home 
Kitty: Sure I do, just when I know I'm home
Claire: Or when you know I'm home:D
Kitty: I did that maybe just once:D
Tom: Ok,ok I got you both covered if anything
Kitty: thanks<3
Claire: You home? Is package there?
Tom: just walked through the door, nobody even rang
Summary: Tom was going to pick up Claire's parcel but it was not delivered. Tom is happy to help Kitty and Claire picking up their parcels.
Dialogue: Jeff: Have you managed to get the train?
Ann: yes, but was not easy
Tomas: so much stress, but we were quite lucky actually
Jeff: what happened?
Ann: we booked a car on car2go app
Ann: You can reserve it for 20min
Ann: And we were approaching it when the 20min was over, it was like 3 meters from us
Ann: and I clicked "rent" when suddenly it showed "the car is taken" or something similar
Jeff: fuck! somebody must have taken it exactly in the second when you reservation was over
Ann: exactly, quite unbelievable
Jeff: couldn't you take another one?
Tomas: the next one was like 1 km from us and we had all the suitcases etc
Ann: and our train in 20min, to get to the station by car takes something like 15min
Jeff: so how did you manage finally?
Ann: when we were completely dejected a bus arrived to a nearby stop, so we just run there shouting and waving all our limbs for the driver to wait for us
Tomas: and the train was 5 min late, but we were the very last people
Jeff: god! but great you made it!
Summary: Tomas and Ann couldn't rent a car that they had previously reserved via an app. They took a bus to the train station instead. Tomas and Ann barely made it for their train. Their train was 5 minutes late.
Dialogue: Henry: Hello. Can I call you?
Phil: Now? Not really :-(
Henry: Busy? When?
Phil: Busy. 3pm?
Henry: ok :-)
Summary: Henry will call Phil at 3pm.
Dialogue: Martha: Jessie's bf sent me a message 
Samantha: What??
Fiona: OMG
Martha: <photo_file>
Samantha: "Hi Martha, you looked cute in that green dress today"
Samantha: "You should wear it more often"
Fiona: What a bastard
Fiona: Did you tell Jessie?
Martha: You think I should?
Martha: I'm not sure. She can take it the wrong way 
Samantha: Right.
Samantha: She can be a bit unstable.
Samantha: But she should know that Tom is an asshole. 
Summary: Jessie's boyfriend sent Martha the unambiguous message. Samantha thinks Martha should tell Jessie about that.
Dialogue: Mary: Already after exams?
Adam: Not yet.
Adam: I'm still waiting for a physics exam.
Mary: What about the rest? 
Adam: I think it's ok
Adam: I'm just afraid if I have enough mathematics points.
Mary: I'm sure u will :*
Mary: Good luck!
Summary: Adam is waiting for physics exam, but he's already afraid he won't have enough math points.
Dialogue: Mia: should i take the yellow bag?
Harry: no, it's too conspicuous
Mia: so which one?
Jackie: black, of course
Mia: don't like it, but maybe you know better
Summary: In Jackie's opinion, Mia should take the black bag. 
Dialogue: Walter: wanna joing my yoga class?
Roland: i don't have any money to pay for it :-(
Roland: and i hear yoga is really expensive
Walter: this one's free!!!
Roland: mmmm, i don't know if i'll like it
Roland: i'm not really flexible
Walter: yoga is much more than that!!
Walter: it's about breathing and relaxation...
Walter: trust me, you'll love it
Roland: i'm still not sure
Roland: do you have any other selling points for me? lol
Walter: hahaha i have one
Roland: what is it?
Walter: it's a great way to meat girls!!!
Roland: hahahaha, ok, that changes everything!
Summary: Roland will join yoga classes as suggested by Walter.
Dialogue: Trish: Hello! 876 is ready for an early check in. returning pass thx :)
Casey: Thank u, Trish!
Trish: YW
Casey: All good?
Trish: oh yes lol. 453 is turnt over too
Casey: Thank u!!!
Trish: What review did the one guest who stays in town often give?
Casey: He hasn't yet!
Trish: rating?
Casey: Not yet. But the one from a couple days ago said the place was spotless and smelled clean.
Trish: Yay!
Casey: You did an awesome job! :) still waiting for the guy stays often to leave his review but I'll let you know :)
Trish: Nice! Yes keep me updated! Thx!
Casey: Will do
Summary: Trish prepared room 876 for an early check in. 453 is turnt over. Some guests left good reviews of the place.
Dialogue: Heidi: Last night it was such a horror.
Brooke: Why? What happened?
Heidi: There was the worker who had his finger cut off in an accident at the factory.
Heidi: I had to wake up and took him to the hospital at midnight.
Brooke: What? really?OMG! That’s terrible.
Heidi: There is a machine which look like a roller . This young guy’s hand was jammed into this machine.
Brooke: OMG! That’s so terrible! Which hand?
Heidi: Fortunately his left hand. 
Heidi: But doctors failed to attach his fingers back.
Heidi: I was stood there in shock. One guy told me to hold the paper cup his fingers in it. So bloody everywhere.
Brooke: I feel so sorry for you as well. How old is he?
Heidi: He looked like in his early 20’s. As I know he was born in 1997 or 1998. 
Brooke: OMG..He is too young to lose those fingers.
Brooke: How many?
Heidi: 3 fingers. He kept asking if he should be disabled. 
Heidi: I was so scared of his losing his fingers as well.
Heidi: This isn’t the first time. The same accident happened 3 months ago.
Brooke: I remember you talked me about that. 
Heidi: This time it was much worse. Last time the worker didn't lose his finger but this guy did.
Brooke: How do you feel about that? I am worried about you as well. You saw all the blood and cut fingers. 
Heidi: It was horrible. Really it was. I was hired as an interpreter. 
Heidi: Who could even imagine accidents like this would happen right in front of my eyes?
Brooke: I feel so sorry for you. You went through a lot last night. 
Brooke: OMG......what a horror....I really hope it wouldn’t traumatize you.
Heidi: I was so shocked. I don’t wanna see something like this anymore.
Brooke: Don’t worry. You won't. Just try to relax.
Summary: Last night Heidi was hired as interpreter. She had to drive a young worker to a hospital, because his hand was jammed into a machine. In the effect the worker lost 3 fingers on his left hand.
Dialogue: Greta: Can anyone post me the task description plz?
Connor: <file_photo>
Greta: Thank you so much!
Ava: I've just found some useful examples on uni's website
Greta: I know, I just couldnt find the basic description
Connor: Be careful with the examples, I found some mistakes there
Connor: Maybe they put it there intentionally
Ava: Seriously???
Greta: Yes, Hamilton said that these sample presentations include some errors
Greta: They don't want us to copy...
Ava: lol who would be so stupid to copy that? :)
Connor: Dave :)
Summary: Connor sends Greta the task description. Presentations from the uni's website have some errors. 
Dialogue: Tracy: How is your evening?
Tom: I'm trying to work, but can't really concentrate...
Tracy: It's Sunday evening. Maybe just chill? 
Tom: Maybe. Cos it's really not working. 
Tom: Maybe I'll do sth t relax. 
Tracy: Wanna go out?
Tom: Not in the mood. 
Tom: I feel more like going to bed eraly.
Tracy: It's probably a good solution :)
Summary: Tom is under the weather so he might go to bed early.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: final sale at tommy :)
Jacqueline: <file_other> 
Victoria:  And 20% off for first purchase
Jacqueline: ??
Victoria: JOIN THE HILFIGER CLUB AND ENJOY 20% OFF YOUR FIRST PURCHASE
Jacqueline: aaa, ok
Faith: <file_other>
Faith: awesome crop top 😍
Jacqueline: but the sizes.....
Jacqueline: only M and L
Faith: i meant classic white
Faith: not black beauty
Jacqueline: ah, yes, white is available
Victoria: Looks ok, white suits u @Faith
Faith: too bad i'm short on cash
Faith: but maybe i'll get some from my parents
Faith: as a bday present
Victoria: <file_other>
Victoria: this one is also gooooood
Summary: There's a final sale at Tommy. Also, the first purchase is 20% off. Faith loves the crop top, but is short on cash. She hopes to get some from her parents for birthday.
Dialogue: Ula: Hey, Joanna and I are going to that new sushi place that opened up recently tomorrow at 20
Ula: Want to join us? :)
Marta: Gladly :)
Edyta: I can't :(
Edyta: I got sick over the weekend, my head is killing me
Ula: How come? From that skating?
Edyta: Probably :(
Edyta: I was sweating and later on walking in the wind
Marta: We can postpone?
Ula: I am busy later this week :/ 
Ula: Maybe Wednesday at 20?
Edyta: I took HO for tomorrow, I should feel better by then
Edyta: Is Wednesday ok Marta?
Marta: Yea, Wednesday is ok :)
Ula: I will make the reservation <3
Summary: Ula and Joanna are going to a new sushi restaurant at 8 pm tomorrow. Edyta can't join them, because she's got a headache. Ula will make the reservation for Wednesday.
Dialogue: Noah: Hi dad! Are u at home? 
Mike: No, I am still at work. Do u need sth?
Noah: I need ur car :)
Mike: I'll be at home about 8 p.m.
Summary: Noah needs his dad's car. Mike will be at home at 8 pm.
Dialogue: Grace: Gaby heeeeeeeeeeeeeelp!!! ;( ;( ;(
Gaby: what happened?!
Grace: <file_video>
Gaby: Is that Mike?
Gaby: holy fuck
Summary: Grace needs Gaby's help. 
Dialogue: Tiffany: Harry
Tiffany: I think we need to take Rufus to the vet today
Harry: why, what's happening?
Tiffany: it seems he ate your shoestrings!
Harry: what? Jesus, ok, I'm calling Mr. Marshall then
Harry: I'll come and pick you up after work!
Summary: Rufus ate Harry's shoelaces and needs to be taken to the vet today. Harry will set up an appointment with Mr. Marshall and pick up Tiffany after work.
Dialogue: Oleg: feels like beer in the air
Cris: is this a kind of suggestion?
Oleg: you read me well
Cris: i'll be happy to help :)
Oleg: any time ur free
Cris: just need to finish some stuff and i'll be there for you
Oleg: u sound like singing
Cris: yeah, i'm in a kind of singing mood
Oleg: hope you'll be singing after booze ha ha
Cris: anyway, see in one hour youknowwhere
Oleg: sure thing. can't wait :)
Summary: Cris and Oleg will see each other for a beer in an hour.
Dialogue: Leah: Hi
Brooke: Hi
Leah: I need your help
Brooke: With?
Leah: Simon
Brooke: This is getting interesting
Leah: I know you guys are close friends
Brooke: What do you want from Simon?
Leah: I want him to be my boyfriend
Brooke: hahaha
Leah: But first, I'd like him to have a good opinion about me
Brooke: And what do I have to do with that?
Leah: You could tell him how amazing I am...
Brooke: But I don't think you are... I'm not gonna lie to my friend.
Leah: Ouch!
Summary: Leah wants Simon to be her boyfriend. Simon and Brooke are close friends. Brooke doesn't want to support Leah in winning Simon.
Dialogue: Ian: Hi Gus! Are you free tonight?
Gus: Yes, why? 
Ian: I have two free tickets to the cinema.
Gus: For what movie?
Ian: I don't remeber the title, it's something about climbing.
Gus: Meru? Really? Where do you get these tickets? 
Ian: Do you know this movie?
Gus: Of course! It's the best movie about climbing ever!
Ian: Ok, so let's meet about 8 pm at Clyde's pub ok?
Gus: Ok, I'll be for sure! Sould I bring antyhing?
Ian: No. I have everything we will need.
Gus: Great! See ya...
Summary: Ian has two free tickets for "Meru". Gus considers it to be the best movie about climbing. Ian and Gus will meet at Clyde's pub at 8 PM.
Dialogue: Oliver: What is your fave X-mas song?
Amelia: Ooh! That's a tough one! Silent night?
Oliver: Me too!
Amelia: No wait... maybe Rudolph?
Oliver: Okay...
Amelia: There are too many faves!
Oliver: Geez, make up your mind! 
Amelia: I can't. Too many that I like.
Oliver: Oh, sorry!
Oliver: I was just curious.
Amelia: That's okay. What are you up to?
Oliver: Just listening to music and chillin. You?
Amelia: Just about to go out and meet Gwen at the mall. Wanna come?
Oliver: Sure. Now?
Amelia: Now is always the best time! LOL!
Amelia: Name that stage show!
Oliver: King and I... too easy!
Amelia: Oh, you're good!
Oliver: I know my show tunes!
Summary: Oliver's favourite Christmas song is "Silent night". Amelia can't decide which one is hers. She is going to meet Gwen at the mall. Oliver will join. 
Dialogue: Gemma: remind what time we leave
Sam: the plane is at 6:30
Gemma: thanks
Sam: :)
Summary: Gemma and Sam have a plane to catch at 6:30.
Dialogue: Alfredo: Bro, we have a problem
Tim: Whats up?
Alfredo: Sue fucked up
Tim: Meaning????
Alfredo: In a drunken talk she told Adam about our… trip
Tim: Yea Im gonna kill that bitch
Summary: Sue told Adam about the trip.
Dialogue: Seth: Hey! I'm having some problems with my PC, can you guys help me out?
Rory: Sure. What's going on?
Albert: yeah what's up?
Seth: It doesn't work. XD
Albert: xd
Rory: Well, does it turn on? Does it make a BEEP sound like normal?
Seth: Yeah it turns on, I can hear the fans, but it doesn't beep as usual :(.
Albert: does it make many beeps?
Seth: No, it doesn't beep at all :/.
Rory: Hmm... If it doesn't beep at all with the information about what's wrong with it take a look inside at the motherboard.
Rory: There should be some lights.
Seth: Ok...
Seth: Some lights blink in some order and then it stops at DRAM.
Albert: not good...
Rory: So it's having some problems with the memory. Try reseating the memory sticks (turn it off first!).
Albert: yeah, maybe they moved a little in the slot
Albert: also try different combinations of slots
Seth: Ok! I'll try some things and let you know!
Summary: Seth's PC doesn't work so he needs help. Rory suggests resetting the memory sticks. Albert suggests trying different combinations of slots.
Dialogue: Jake: Does anyone know which assignments we're supposed to do by Thu?
Mike: Was about to ask the same question
Leila: I think it's 7 till 12 on page 3, not sure tho?
Jason: I thought he said not to do 7-12... but what do I know...
Leila: well, I already ve done half of them so would appreciate if someone checked!
Jake: Yeah, my notes are not very clear, I gotta start paying attention to the old man!
Mike: ikr? al he does to me is put me to sleep lol
Leila: Daisy? you got anything?
Jake: yeah, Daisy, you're our only hope!
Mike: I think Daisy got sick of being the only one who ever knows anything...
Daisy: Hey, guys, sorry, just saw your messages! We are supposed to do 7-12, so Leila, don't worry, you're good!
Leila: Thanks, hon! I was almost sure! Thank God we can always count on you :)
Mike: Cheers, Daisy, you're a star! Owe you big time! Better get to it then!
Summary: Jake, Mike, Leila and Jason are unsure about the tasks they are supossed to do by Thursday. Daisy informs them they have to do 7-12.
Dialogue: Samuel: Hi, Amy!
Amy: Hi!
Samuel: We should prepare something for Ann's birthday
Amy: you mean a present or a party?
Samuel: maybe both?
Amy: When is it exactly?
Samuel: End of May, 22nd I believe
Amy: Ok, than we could have a garden party at my place
Samuel: that's a great idea
Amy: It should be warm enough already
Samuel: Sure, and very green
Amy: and about the present...
Samuel: Any ideas?
Amy: I think we could buy her a ticket for a concert
Samuel: only us or also others?
Amy: We can collect some money from her friends 
Samuel: What concert?
Amy: She loves Beach House and they are touring right now
Samuel: Maybe we could buy her a ticket and a flight to some nice city where they are playing.
Amy: Perfect idea
Samuel: I'll check the tour and connections and let you know
Amy: Ok! Thanks for that
Summary: Amy will organize a birthday party for Ann in her garden. Samuel will check Beach House's tour in order to buy Ann a concert ticket together with a flight ticket as a birthday present.
Dialogue: Herta: hi, where did you buy this milk? Ive never seen it before.
Laszlo: at the Whole Foods in Arlington
Herta: it's really good
Laszlo: i havent tried it yet, so save some for me :)
Herta: OK. ill pick up some more this week
Laszlo: get some bagels too, i forgot to get some
Herta: alrighty
Summary: Herta likes the milk Laszlo bought at the Whole Foods in Arlington. Herta'll buy some more of this milk and bagels this week.
Dialogue: Jim: Guys, I'm going to this party tonight, are you going too?
David: Will's party?
Jim: yup
Alice: I would like to, but if you take a car, without a car it doesn't make sense for me
Jim: I see
Alice: I just live too far and there are no buses after 10
Jim: ok, so I'll take a car and pick you both up
Jim: if you want to go, David
David: sure!
Summary: Jim will take a car and pick Alice and David up and they'll go to Will's party.
Dialogue: Jon: Hi! I saw you were looking for a Swedish-speaking person. Here I am! What's up?
Rory: Hey Jon!
Rory: Thanks for your message
Rory: Have you got any experience in translation of a web page then placement on translated text in to code?
Jon: Nope, I have never dealt with translations of this sort so far.
Rory: Well, I guess I can shoot you an email with what i need and you can see if you can manage it 
Rory: If that's ok.
Jon: That sounds like a good idea
Jon: There you go: jon.jonsson (at) gmail.com
Rory: And if it's not interesting, I appreciate this as well.
Rory: Perfect thanks will send it to you by the end of the day or first thing tomorrow.
Jon: Thanks so much! I'll let you know as soon as I chew it over. 
Summary: Rory is looking for a Swedish-speaking translator for a website. He will email Jon the details tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Alex: sup, how much ppl can you bring?
Brian: wassup, give me a sec
Alex: no worries
Brian: at least 3, but there is smth more...
Alex: so 4 ppl in total?
Brian: yes
Alex: nice, what is it bout?
Brian: <file_other>, what would be the best route?
Alex: hmm... at this hour there will be traffic across town all the way, but I think suggested route is dope.
Brian: nice, 1 hour will be enough?
Alex: no probs, arena will be open so you can come earlier
Brian: thannks
Alex: if there will be any problem, I can wait in front of arena
Brian: ur so cool, do you live far from arena?
Alex: few minutes
Brian: we should be earlier so I'm gonna call
Alex: okay
Brian: can't wait!
Alex: see ya
Summary: Brian's coming with 3 people to the arena. The route he suggested is good and 1 hour will be enough. Alex can wait in front of the arena if Brian comes early as he lives nearby.
Dialogue: Missy: hey
Missy: i was just thinking
Clara: haha really?
Missy: about that song that we heard in the radio
Missy: hey not funny!
Clara: sorry, what about this song?
Missy: what was the name of it?
Clara: it was Feel It Still
Missy: found it! thanks
Summary: Clara reminds Missy that the name of the song they heard on the radio was "Feel It Still".
Dialogue: Jorge: Hurry up, man
Dusan: I'm trying, I'm trying...hold on to your horses.
Jorge: If you don't get your ass down here, we're going to miss the show.
Dusan: Grrrrr
Summary: Jorge hastens Dusan, because the show is just to begin. 
Dialogue: Scarlett: So, have you talked to your landlord?
Eli: Yes, but, honestly, it was a waste of time. :/
Scarlett: He’s not going to plug the hole in the wall, is he?
Eli: Of course he’s not.
Eli: He said that I have to “repair all damages due to wear and tear”.
Scarlett: Erm, this pipe didn’t start to leak because of “wear and tear”, so...? You HAD to fix it, you HAD to make this hole in the wall.
Eli: I know, it’s pure absurd...
Scarlett: Btw your bathroom was in horrible condition to begin with.
Eli: I reminded him about it, but, well, talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
Scarlett: :/ What are you going to do now?
Eli: I’m moving out.
Eli: I’m not going to pay for the renovation of the bathroom, no way.
Eli: I wish I did it earlier.
Scarlett: This is the right decision!
Scarlett: You can stay at my place until you find something. :)
Eli: Thanks, but actually I’ve already found a new flat. :)
Eli: It’s smaller than the previous one, but it’s in perfect condition and the rent is much lower.
Scarlett: Cool :) Do you need any help with packing, cleaning up and so on?
Eli: I would really appreciate, if you could help me with unpacking. You’re so much better at organizing stuff than I am.
Scarlett: No problemo. :)
Summary: Eli asked her landlord to repair a leaking pipe. He refused to do that. Eli's moving out to a new flat. Scarlett will help her with unpacking. 
Dialogue: Walton Domingos: Hello beautiful
Mattie: Hey
Enoch: How are you?
Mattie: I'm fine and u?
Enoch: Just woke up back to life
Mattie: Good
Enoch: I think the fever is gone for good
Mattie: Good!!!
Enoch: But I still need to wait for the spots to go
Mattie: Yeah
Enoch: After all of this I want to commemorate your way and have a bottle of vodka
Mattie: Hahahahhahahhahahhaha
Enoch: Will you help me?
Mattie: Lol
Mattie: We will see
Enoch: Did you go shopping?
Mattie: What shopping?
Enoch: Didn't you go to grocery shopping?
Mattie: Yeah I did
Enoch: Are you ok? I feel you kinda different
Mattie: I'm in a club
Mattie: We'll  talk later ok?
Enoch: Lucky you
Mattie: 😉
Enoch: Have fun
Mattie: Thank you
Summary: Enoch woke up and hopes the fever's gone, but waits for the spots to go. Mattie went shopping to the grocery store and is in a club.
Dialogue: Emily: hi this is Emily from 9 am class in Russian poetry :)
Apple: Hi Emily!
Emily: I was sick and missed the class this week
Emily: could you please please share your notes?
Apple: sure no problem
Emily: thanks so much, you're a life saver
Apple: :)
Summary: Apple will share her Russian Poetry class notes with Emily.
Dialogue: Hollis: how's the new printer doing
Parker: pretty good yeah
Clay: how long you have it?
Parker: two weeks
Clay: fingers crossed. but w8 2 months
Summary: Parker has had a new printer for 2 weeks now. The printer is working well.
Dialogue: Bernie: Hey, maybe I'll convince mine to go ;)
Chris: That'd be fun!
Marty: I'll bring a date :) 
Bernie: But, Chris, talk to your wife and let me know, ok?
Chris: Sure thing. 
Marty: I'm still in!
Summary: Bernie, Chris and Marty are going to meet, they may take their female companions.
Dialogue: Lilly: Could you pick up some eggs on your way home?
Robin: Sure, how many?
Lilly: A dozen will do
Robin: no problem
Summary: Robin will pick a dozen eggs on his way home.
Dialogue: Ada: Hey, do you think you will be able to work on the report today?
Harmonie: Hey Ada! yes sure
Harmonie: I'll just finish the work on the file that Cynthia gave me
Ada: Ok no problem 
Ada: When you are ready let me know :)
Harmonie: 👍
Summary: Harmonie will work on the report for Ada today, after she finishes working on the file from Cynthia.
Dialogue: Olga: yo
Frida: hey
Olga: whatsup?
Frida: nothing special
Frida: another episode of Narcos :)
Olga: oh i love it!
Olga: bu i have seen only two seasons
Frida: i will not tell you the story of next one :)
Frida: dont worry
Olga: thanks
Olga: i have to find time to watch it 
Frida: when i finish i will start it from the very beginning
Frida: it's so good series :)
Summary: Frida is a fan of the series "Narcos". Olga also appreciates "Narcos" but has only seen two seasons.
Dialogue: Dell: FaceTime in about 10 minutes? :×:×:×
Dell: Love you! <3<3<3
Andrea: Yes! :×:×:×
Andrea: Love you too! <3<3<3
Summary: Dell and Andrea are meeting on FaceTime in about 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Manuel: Do you remember the Malaysian plane that went missing a few years ago?
Renato: sure, I do
Renato: it was so mysterious what happened there
Renato: Air Malaysia?
Manuel: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
Manuel: I'm wondering if anything has been explained till now
Edoardo: No, I don't think so
Lenny: very strange, Australians were looking for it for a few months
Manuel: exactly, but did they find anything?
Lenny: no, I think they didn't
Lenny: it's widely believed it was the most mysterious case in the history of modern aviation
Manuel: indeed, they just disappeared
Lenny: like a needle in a haystack
Summary: A few years ago, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing. The case remains unexplained.
Dialogue: Mike: what do you think
Mike: this
Mike: <file_photo>
Mike: or this
Mike: <file_photo>
Savannah: the first ones :)
Mike: you sure?
Savannah: they're perfect!
Summary: Savannah helps Mike make a choice. She thinks the first ones are better.
Dialogue: Susan: Honey, remember the parture time?
Sam: 10:45.
Susan: Perfect. And the compartment?
Sam: 7?
Susan: No, 5. Don't miss the train and let me know when you're in.
Sam: Ok.
Summary: Sam is catching 10:45 train and is sitting in the 5th compartment.
Dialogue: Perry: why is no one here
West: what
Perry: i've been waiting for like 15 mins
West: were we supposed to meet today?
Perry: yeah duuuuh!!
Henry: Perry, I thought it was Tuesday
Perry: no, you said November 8th
Henry: no, I said Tuesday at 8!!
West: wtf hahahahha
Perry: great... xd i froze my ass off
Henry: i am so sorry :(
West: Perry, do you know how to read?
Perry: ok i'm an idiot
Summary: Perry has been waiting 15 min as he was supposed to meet with West and Henry. In fact, they said Tuesday at 8 instead of November 8th. Perry admits it's his fault. 
Dialogue: Alfie: so have you watched the new episode? :D
Charlotte: yeah, it was terrific, as always
Alfie: <file_gif>
Charlotte: I adore this tv show, I tell you!
Summary: Charlotte has watched the new episode of the tv show.
Dialogue: Robert: Are you coming home for Christmas?
Zack: Always :-) How are you?
Robert: Good, thanks. 
Zack: I suppose you would like to have a small get-together with your old pal?
Robert: Always :-)
Zack: I'll think about that :-p
Robert: If you find an hour or two in your diary, don't hesitate to contact me :-D The phone number same as ever.
Zack: Rob, I'm going to sacrifice one whole evening for you. Maybe even the whole night. And you demand only 1 or 2 hrs? 
Robert: How kind of you :-)
Zack: We'll get back to that some time in December, ok? It's too soon to plan anyth.
Robert: Sure. Good to know you still remember about us.
Zack: Every year you do your utmost not to be forgotten, Rob, if you know what I mean. Till later :-)
Robert: Cheers!
Summary: Robert and Zack will meet around Christmas, as they do every year.
Dialogue: Paulina: I cant find my hamster lol
Jacalyn: omggg wtf did u do with it
Paulina: it was runnin around my room, as always
Jacalyn: I told ya he gonna get lost one day
Paulina: what now ;((
Jacalyn: don’t loo for it, doesn’t make any sense, just put ta lot of food on the table and wait
Paulina: okkk what if it doesnt work
Jacalyn: then you can have a fucking funeral lol
Paulina: dont say that!!! i want him back
Jacalyn: thats how it works when youre stupid, Pal
Paulina: T__T
Summary: Paulina can't find her hamster. It was running around her room and got lost. 
Dialogue: Sophia: hey, we need to cancel our plans tonight
Sophia: Cindy is ill
Charlie: oh no, what's wrong with her?
Sophia: I'm waiting now for her doctor
Sophia: but it looks like measles
Charlie: <file_gif>
Charlie: I'll try to get back earlier home then
Charlie: poor thing :(
Summary: Cindy is ill, so Sophia and Charlie have to cancel their plans for tonight.
Dialogue: Sami : Hi Bro.
Afhaam : Hey wassup?
Sami : Nothing bro, have you watched new netflix season of Narcos?
Afhaam : No bro what is in that
Sami : It is awesome based on the cartel of cocaine.
Afhaam : Sounds interesting i must have to watch
Sami : Maybe you can join us we are watching it right now with cousins
Afhaam : Bro gimme 5 minutes i am heading to your home.
Summary: Sami and cousins are watching "Narcos" on Netflix in his home. Afhaam will join them in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Kim: D u wanna get food first?
Kate: So where u want to go?
Kim: There's this new pizza place
Kim: that's near the cinema so we could go there first
Kim: and then go to the cinema after we eat
Kim: would that be ok?
Kate: When d u wanna meet?
Kim: Idk maybe around 5/5:30?
Kim: would that suit?
Kate: maybe around 6?
Kim: yeah that's grand
Kate: ok
Kate: see u then
Kim: ok byee
Summary: Kim and Kate will meet around 6 to eat pizza and go to cinema afterwards.
Dialogue: Josh: what kind of a name is Dua Lipa :p
Hank: why do you have a problem with it
Josh: i dont know.. its weird
Hank: youre weird ._.
Summary: Josh thinks the name Dua Lipa is weird.
Dialogue: Eveline: The flight is delayed one hour
Kate: Let's hope it will be only one hour
Kate: Anyways, I'm at home waiting for you
Kate: Not going anywhere :D
Eveline: The other day my flight was delayed over 3 hours
Eveline: I claimed for compensation
Eveline: But haven't heard from them yet...
Summary: Eveline's flight has a one-hour delay. Kate is at home waiting for her.
Dialogue: Evie: <file_photo>
Evie: soooo handsome!
Sophia: omg, insta love!
Daisy: WOW! :O
Daisy: where do such men dwell...?
Evie: <file_photo>
Sophia: p e r f e c t i o n
Daisy: yeah...
Evie: he's my new colleague <3 <3
Evie: just started today
Sophia: haha you stalker!
Evie: <file_photo>
Sophia: IS HE SINGLE?
Evie: ...
Daisy: IS HE?
Evie: i don't know
Evie: ...yet! :D
Sophia: Daisy...
Daisy: ?
Sophia: as far as i know YOU are not single...
Daisy: well...
Daisy: <file_photo>
Sophia: yes that's your boyfriend?
Daisy: that's temporary
Evie: :D
Sophia: lol
Daisy: i wouldn't hesitate for a second...
Sophia: lol... but well... not surprised... :D
Summary: Evie has a new colleague who has just started today. He's handsome.
Dialogue: Ringo: what do i get Celia for Xmas?
Lane: ooooo hard one
Ringo: it's your sister u know her better
Winton: it's your gf you know her closer
Ringo: ur not very helpful Wint
Lane: get her IKEA sth
Ringo: sth sounds not very prmising
Ringo: im so lost
Lane: how about fight to Italy? get a cheap one shell be happy anyway
Ringo: oh super thx a lot!!!
Summary: Ringo doesn't know what to get his girlfriend, Celia, for Christmas. Celia is Winton's sister. Lane proposes something from Ikea or a cheap flight to Italy. 
Dialogue: Betty: Please remind me next time that too much wine isn't good for me and me surrounding
Betty: Hangover is one thing
Betty: But I feel like never touching wine again
Amber: Hahaha. You were so drunk with wine last night, you couldn't walk straight even 5 steps
Amber: You took off your weeding ring and shouted "My precious"
Betty: Uhh. I have no blackouts so I know exactly what to feel embarassed about....
Summary: Betty feels remorse she got drunk last night and went out of control.
Dialogue: Lucy: Are you coming to see me today?
Leopold: I hope so, but I still have a couple of hours' of work to do.  
Lucy: You could come now and we can eat and you can finish your work later.
Leopold: Right now the buses are full of people and I won't get a seat. 
Lucy: You should take the tram to King Street and then change to a number 135 bus. That's never that full.
Leopold: Where would you like to eat?
Lucy: Haven't been at the Taj Mahal Curry House for a while. You fancy a curry?
Leopold: We can do that. But if I don't do the work now I will have to leave about 9.00
Lucy: Just bring the computer with you and go in from here tomorrow.
Leopold: What about your parents?
Lucy: Not here. Gone to the Lake District.
Leopold: All right then, that's what I'll do.
Lucy: When will you get here?
Leopold: About seven thirty.
Lucy: OK, see you then.
Summary: Leopold is going to have dinner with Lucy at the Taj Mahal Curry House today. Leopold still has work to do, but he can finish it after dinner then stay over at Lucy's because her parents are away.
Dialogue: Henry: I lost my oyster card :(
Derek: Shit! where r u?
Henry: Stuck at Tufnell, getting a new one
Henry: Terrible queue though, will be late
Summary: Henry has lost his Oyster card. He's stuck in a queue in at Tufnell, getting a new one. He will be late. 
Dialogue: John: Do you know who's going to be next US ambassador to the United Nation?
Kevin: No idea
John: Trump said Friday that he's going to nominate Kelly Knight
John: She's a current ambassador to Canada
Kevin: Good to know. Do you think that she's a good choice?
John: No idea. We'll know with the passing time.
John: CNN says that it's rather not the best choice
Kevin: We'll see
Summary: John tells Kevin that Trump might nominate Kelly Knight as the next US ambassador to the UN.
Dialogue: Michelle: Have you heard about the results of the election?
Olivier: Yeah, I have... I'm sort of disappointed, I didn't expect that. I mean... Maybe I just hoped it would be different.
Michelle: Yeah, I can't believe he won... And you know what's worse?
Olivier: Can there be anything worse than that...?
Michelle: My parents voted for him, too. I just... can't believe it. Why would they? How can they be so...
Olivier: Oh god... I'm so sorry, Michelle.
Michelle: They're so happy about the results but I just want to cry. I don't know if I can face them now. I feel like I don't want to know them. Maybe it will pass, but for now it's too soon.
Olivier: Do you want to come over? We could play something, I honestly just want to forget, too, so...
Michelle: Thanks, that sounds good, I really could use a distraction now... Then I'll text you when I leave home.
Olivier: I'll be waiting!
Summary: Michelle is disappointed by the results of the election, same as Olivier. Michelle is also appalled that her parents voted for him and are happy about the results. Olivier invited Michelle over and she agreed to come.
Dialogue: Frank: what will be for dinner?
Claire: nothing special
Frank: can you try to do something good?
Claire: my dinners are always good
Frank: i meant something better than frozen pizza
Claire: if you dont like my pizza you can cook
Frank: pizza sounds great
Summary: Claire frequently serves frozen pizza for dinner.
Dialogue: Marianella: Are you coming over to Monica's place tonight?
Adolfo: What time are you guys meeting up?
Marianella: I'll be there at 6pm. 
Adolfo: Damn it, I've my project group meeting at 6. 
Adolfo: We need to discuss a couple of details for the workshops we're planning.
Marianella: Will it take long?
Adolfo: No idea, but let's stay in touch.
Marianella: OK! It'd be cool if you made it! 
Summary: Adolfo doesn't know if he comes over to Monica's place tonight because he has a meeting at 6 pm.
Dialogue: Nickolas: <file_video>
Nickolas: In case you don't remember how good of a dancer you are
Nataniel: Daaaamn. Where did you dig that up maaan? It was 6 years ago.
Nickolas: I'm cleaning my data storage. And I found a high school photos folder :D
Nataniel: Screw that. I was different guy then.
Nataniel: Now, I'm grown up, responsible man, with great future perspective 
Nickolas: Haahahahahah
Nataniel: xD xD
Nickolas: Come  oooon. Too many oxymorons in 1 sentence.
Nickolas: Words like; responisble and grown up should appear closer than 2 sentences to your name :D
Nataniel: Hahaha. Fuck you Nicky. 
Nickolas: Hah. Fuck you too Nate :D
Nataniel: Gonna grab some beer tonight. You comin'?
Nickolas: I can't. I should study for tomorrow's test.
Nataniel: When you say you "should", I am totally sure that you won't.
Nickolas: No, really. I'm sleepy as fuck, but I know I have to do something to pass it tomorrow. I don't want to retake the exam.
Nataniel: Ok. If you change your mind, call me.
Nickolas: Sure.
Summary: Nickolas found funny pictures while cleaning his data storage, including a video of Nataniel dancing. Nickolas can't go out for beer tonight as he has a test tomorrow.
