Dialogue: Michael: Hey John!
John: Oh! Hi Michael
Michael: Why you always start conversation with these beautiful  gestures like oh!, O my goodness ?
John: Because i know that you always target me to discuss about your new car, isn't it?
Michael: Haha! yes, today i'll keep talking on same topic :p
John: O my goodness! then please start because you will definitely ruin my weekend :(
Michael: O this is not like that, i have decided to purchase the car, i delayed it due to some payment issues which now have been resolved. Now i can buy a new car.
John: That's great! Finally, you are all set to purchase the car.
Michael: O yes! my friend.
John: Do you remember? i used to say that you didn't have money for your daily survival then how could you purchase this car? Now! i am very happy to hear that you sufficient money to purchase that car.
Michael: So, would you go with me to receive Mercedes Benz 2.0 from showroom? 
John: Yes! my brother, it's a big day for you and i'll definitely go with you to receive this luxury Mercedes Benz.
Michael: But, there is a condition that, i will drive Mercedes Benz to home.
John: Haha!  Sure my friend.
Michael: i decided to get this darling car, but there are certain priorities which need to be fulfilled first.
John: You'll get your darling soon
Michael: Wow! (y)
John: OK then, see you on Saturday, Goodbye!
Michael: Sure! Goodbye.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Summary: Michael decided to buy the car he was thinking about. Michael had to delay the purchase, but is now able to go through with it. Michael and John will go together to get the car from the showroom. Michael will drive the car home. Michael and John will see each other on Saturday. 
Dialogue: Will: So apparently
Will: Jessica is sick and she went on a holiday leave
Paula: For how long
Will: Dunno, I heard 2 weeks
Preston: What happened to her? 
Will: She's probably tired of working
Paula: I feel sorry for her
Paula: I will send her a text
Summary: Jessica is on a 2 weeks leave. According to Will she is overtired with work. Paula will text her.
Dialogue: Peter: <file_photo> 
Maria: Did you guys meet up with Milena
Petro: ye yesterday 
Maria: Nice, she looks fabulous
Summary: Peter and Petro met with Milena yesterday.
Dialogue: Kerri: Did you see the apartment?
Stella: yes brb
Kerri: ok
Stella: Sorry I was driving
Stella: I saw it yesterday but it was already dark so I want to go again to see it in the morning
Stella: First of all, its really big, 130 sqm
Kerri: WOW
Stella: I could split it into 2 apartments
Stella: 90 and 40 sqm more or less
Kerri: Or 80 and 50?
Stella: Not really, there's only one way to split it
Stella: So I could stay in the big one with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms
Kerri: Sounds good
Stella: I want to see it in the morning
Stella: The agent said the bedrooms are very sunny in the morning
Stella: Maybe I'll go tomorrow
Kerri: Took some photos?
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Kerri: Nice!!!
Kerri: The kitchen looks fantastic
Kerri: Its huge
Stella: It's the size of my living room!
Stella: We obviously don't need 3 bedrooms
Stella: But I could have a decent home office at last
Kerri: Has Greg seen it?
Stella: No, he's away this week
Summary: Stella wants to see the apartment in the morning. She plans to split it into 2 apartments.
Dialogue: Svetlana: Hello, I am Svetlana from Moscow.
Manpreet : Hello, I am Manpreet from Punjab. 
Svetlana: Where do you study?
Manpreet: I study in St. Anne's college, the one opposite to Herald Hospital.
Svetlana: Yes, i know. I too study in the same college. 
Manpreet: Is it? which stream are you in?
Svetlana: I'm pursuing Law.
Manpreet: Oh, ok. I'm  into Fashion Designing.
Summary: Svetlana and Manpreet introduce themselves to each other and find out they both study at the same college.
Dialogue: Kris: I did it
Hiram: Did what
Kris: You know very well ;>
Hiram: Ohhh noooo please tell me you didn’t broke into her house
Kris: Old lady Pratchet, yesss 8-)
Hiram: Omg you’re crazy what if somebody saw you
Kris: Naaah I was careful
Hiram: So how was it?
Kris: Extremely clean, many pieces of art, looks like a museum
Hiram: Haha that’s what I expected!! No dead people, any ghosts? ;>
Kris: Hah no, but I stole her glove
Hiram: Glove? What for?
Kris: Just as a souvenir :D
Hiram: Youre sick xd
Kris: Plus maybe she will find out and start thinking that SOMEBODY was in her house!!!
Hiram: Even more sick 
Summary: Kris broke into lady Pratchet's house and stole a glove as a souvenir.
Dialogue: Thomas: have you seen Colbert last night?
Geoffrey: noo, but I've seen the backlash
Theo: no, what did he do?
Thomas: see for yourself <file_other>
Theo: well, it's pretty harsh, but he said worse things on other occasions.
Geoffrey: yeah, he's a comedian after all
Thomas: the wp doesn't seem to agree, they say he crossed a line this time.
Theo: blah blah he'll apologize, they'll forget as always
Geoffrey: think so too
Thomas: might be, but still it was a pretty sick burn :D
Theo: oh, definitely
Summary: Colbert said too much last night.
Dialogue: Ryan: another big ass job today😒
Pen: ahh darlin is it
Ryan: yeah I'm pissed off I wanna come home
Pen: never mind babe only 9 hours
Ryan: yeah but its cold out here
Pen: but its good money
Ryan: good job you did me two flasks today I'm half way tho the first one
Pen: ahh you better pace yourself or you will run out
Ryan: no I will be ok I have 2 bottles of water with me as well
Ryan: and my sarnies🥪
Pen: and your cake🍰
Ryan: oh yes dont forget my cake thank you very much ❤❤
Pen: are you with Pete and Saul today again?
Ryan: no Saul has been moved to the east gate I'm training a new lad James and Pete is still here
Pen: ok is he nice?
Ryan: seems ok, switched on enough
Pen: wont be spooked?
Ryan: well if he is we will soon know lol
Pen: dont be mean to him lol
Ryan: me??? lol
Pen: yes you 😉😉
Ryan: its Pete who is the trickster not me hun, hes already hidden his lunchbox, but he wont know that for another hour😂😂
Pen: your both mean
Ryan: you love me really❤
Pen: I do😍
Summary: Ryan is not happy with his job today. Ryan will be there for 9 more hours. Pen packed Ryan's lunch. Ryan has a new colleague that he's training for the job. Ryan's another colleague, Pete, played a trick on the new worker. 
Dialogue: Betty: I'm stuck at work on christmas Eve again :(
Wilma: Oh no!!!
Betty: yes this is discrimination against people who do not have kids
Wilma: I know it happens all the time at my work place and I'm like: reversed racism much?!
Betty: I am only gonna read a book and play games but still I have to get up in the morning :/
Wilma: are you working New Year's Eve as well?
Betty: Luckily no
Wilma: good.
Summary: Betty is disappointed to be at work on Christmas Eve just because she doesn't have children. Wilma claims that it is also the case at her workplace. Fortunately, Betty doesn't have to work on New Year's Eve.
Dialogue: Matthew: Meggy got me the new addition for Lord of the Rings boarding game!!
Bart: oh man that's dope, for your birthday?
Matthew: yeah, among with some good whisky
Bart: is this an invitation? hahaha :D
Matthew: you bet it is! 
Bart: tomorrow?
Matthew: why not today? Meggy is out to the movies with her friend :D
Bart: I am not sure if I will have any tram at this hour...
Matthew: just get a taxi then, this whisky does not need to get any older than it is hahaha
Bart: give me 30 minutes :D
Summary: Bart will be at Matthew's place in 30 minutes. They'll drink good whisky that Meggy gave Matthew for his birthday.
Dialogue: Frank: Mike, I'm glad you didn't risk it.
Mathew: Exactly, the police was there.
Michael: Wow, I didn't see them.
Frank: Next time you have to keep your ears open.
Summary: The police could have caught Michael if he did something illegal.
Dialogue: Sebastian: yo! can you remind me how much do I owe you from the last order?
Anthony: let me check, what was yours?
Sebastian: the expansions for Isle of Skye and Wendake
Anthony: that would be 42 euros in total
Sebastian: roger, I'll transfer it to your account in the evening
Anthony: ok thanks
Summary: Sebastian owes Anthony 42 euros. He will transfer the money in the evening.
Dialogue: Larry: Hey, what was the name of this british journalist guy who makes videos on youtube during stand-ups?
Harry: Jonathan Pie
Larry: Thanks!
Harry: Guy is great.
Harry: Just before or after recording material he always makes a statement about current  affairs using swearwords and with no beating around the bush.
Larry: Yeah, I remember when you showed it to me.
Harry: Despite him being a leftist I admire him.
Harry: He has unique gift of being objective journalist and giving his opinion next to the facts not instead of them.
Larry: I think the world needs journalist like this.
Harry: Yup. I agree.
Larry: Have you ever been to London?
Harry: Nope.
Larry: Me too. But I would really love to go there one day.
Harry: Nothing difficult in that.
Harry: You save some money, book a flight and accomodation and that's it.
Larry: Theoratically yes
Harry: There is no theoretically here. You dream of something and you do it if it's in your reach. And that one thing is rather easy to accomplish.
Larry: You're right. I will do my best. Thanks for the motivation. :D
Summary: Larry and Harry like Jonathan Pie as he's an objective journalist. Neither Larry nor Harry have been o London. Larry might go there soon.
Dialogue: Jackson: <file_gif> 
Ewa: Urgh is that Theresa May? 
Jackson: And hey dance moves
Ariana: XD 
Summary: Jackson share a Theresa May meme.
Dialogue: Brittney: sorry, i couldn't come today
Alvin: i know, no problem
Brittney: i really wanted to come 
Brittney: but i had so much homework ;(
Alvin: :*
Alvin: u ok?
Alvin: i got the impression you're really depressed
Brittney: yeah i'm not feeling too sexy...
Alvin: can i help you somehow?
Alvin: need a hug or sth?
Brittney: i don't know, Al
Brittney: i really don't know
Brittney: i guess i'm just tired 
Brittney: all the stress at work and with the kids and now the party
Brittney: it's just too much 
Alvin: do you need me to take care of the kids sometimes?
Alvin: don't worry about the party, we'll do fine without you being there
Alvin: just come to the party itself:)
Alvin: it'll chill you out :)
Brittney: I really don't think i'm in the mood
Alvin: come on. i'll take care of the kids tomorrow afternoon, you can go to a beautician or sth
Alvin: it will do you good :)
Alvin: and then on friday the paaartyyyyyyy!!
Brittney: you know what, maybe it's a good idea.
Brittney: i'll get the kids ready by 4pm
Alvin: perfect! :D
Brittney: thanks hon ;*
Alvin: at your service:)
Summary: Alvin will take care of Brittney's kids tomorrow afternoon. She will get them ready by 4 pm. Brittney will go to the party on Friday with Alvin.  
Dialogue: Olivia: I just got an offer on LinkedIn
Anne: Where from?
Olivia: France, Project Manager
Mike: Ok, but you got an offer already or just a message?
Olivia: Just a message, but I replied and we talked already on the phone
Anne: wait, do you really want to move to France?
Olivia: I don't know yet
Howard: Hold on, are you serious?
Mike: What company is it?
Olivia: It's a creative agency in Rennes, here's the job description:
Olivia: <file_other>
Mike: Well, Rennes's not that far away, but... really, France?
Howard: How much do they offer?
Anne: I thought you like your job
Olivia: I do, but I've been here for 4 years
Howard: So - how much?
Olivia: He said 40k per year
Mike: Euros?
Olivia: Of course
Anne: I'm not sure it's enough to recompensate working with French people ;)
Howard: So, are you going to have another interview?
Olivia: I'm supposed to let them know if I'm interested. I'm not sure
Anne: Take it if it's really interesting and you could save some money when you're there, otherwise.... for me kind of pointless
Howard: Unless you're planning to move to France
Summary: Olivia got a job offer for Project Manager position in Rennes. They offer her 40k per year. She doesn't know yet if she wants this job.  
Dialogue: John: She's fit ain't she?
Paul: Who?
John: What do you mean who? The girl to your right you dumb fuck! LOL
Paul: Oh, you mean her! 
Paul: Yeah she's not too bad.
John: You gonna pick her up or what?
Paul: I might if you stop messaging me. :-D
John: I think you're in with a chance... If you don't want her I'll do her! ;-)
Paul: Ever so romantic!
John: Are you all coy or just stressed?
Paul: Women unnerve me.
John: Yeah I know what you mean mate. I can never work out what they want. Sometimes I think they don't know what they want themselves.
Paul: Are you going to stop messaging me or what? She probably thinks I'm typing with another chick.
John: Make her jealous that usually works a treat.
John: So you going to give her a good porking tonight?
Paul: I heard she takes it up both holes at once.
John: Who did you hear that from?
Paul: Chaz. He had her the other night.
Paul: Not sure if I want his slops.
John: Good point!
Summary: The girl to Paul's right is attractive. Paul might try flirting with her, although he's not sure, as she has already slept with Chaz the other night.
Dialogue: Fin: I can't afford a laptop but need to have one for work. What should I do?
Chloe: Can you get a loan?
Fin: Not sure I can. 
Chloe: Is there financing form the pc place?
Fin: I need to look into it.
Chloe: I think you can rent one anyway.
Fin: That's a great idea!
Chloe: Yeah, they set you up so everything is stored in the cloud.
Fin: So like you can get your stuff when you buy a real laptop?
Chloe: Exactly.
Fin: That's probably the way I'll go.
Chloe: So just Google laptop rental and see how much.
Fin: Probably I should compare that with the financing options.
Chloe: Right. See which is cheaper per month.
Fin: Okay, thanks! I feel better!
Chloe: If you need it for work, can they help you out at all?
Fin: It's a freelance job. I doubt there's an option for hardware.
Chloe: Oh, gotcha.
Fin: Besides, if I get a laptop, I can do other jobs and make more money. Nothing to do with this first one.
Chloe: True. They may not want to give you a laptop for other jobs!
Fin: Probably not!
Summary: Fin needs a laptop but he doesn't have money. Chloe advices for a rental.
Dialogue: Aston: I can't believe our trip to Japan is in 3 months already, feels like I booked it just yesterday
Mona: True!
Mona: I'm really excited about it too, can't wait to go back there <3
Aston: If only it wasn't so far away we could go there more often but it can't be helped
Mona: Ah, speaking of which!
Mona: How much do I owe you for the plane tickets?
Mona: You should've reminded me, I keep forgetting and time flies by without me even noticing
Aston: I told you you could pay me back whenever, it's not a big deal
Aston: It was 600 euros
Mona: Hmm, do you want that in cash? Or should I send you a transfer?
Aston: Whichever is fine!
Mona: Then I'd rather transfer. Can you give me the details?
Summary: Aston and Mona are going to Japan in 3 months.  Mona owes Aston 600 euros for the tickets. She will transfer the amount.
Dialogue: Daryl: Where did u find this?
Jo: Just googled it.
Lou: It says that nearly 50% of teens can be addicted to games. 
Daryl: Rly? Do u feel addicted?
Jo: Nope. I'm a casual gamer. Once or twice a week for 2/3 hrs. And that's it.
Lou: Well, I play every day. Bt I don't feel addicted.
Daryl: Ru sure? Tried stopping for a week?
Lou: Y would I?
Jo: Just for the sake of it. Maybe u'll like the outside world better ;)
Lou: Stop mocking me. I'm not a junkie!
Daryl: Sure ur not. Probably already thinking about Battlefield, eh?
Lou: No!
Summary: Jo found a text about teenagers addicted to games. Lou plays games everyday. Daryl and Jo think Lou is addicted. 
Dialogue: Alex: We gotta commit to some subject for our referrals next week. Any idea?
Mindy: I am opting for inequalities 
Greg: inequalities and what?
Mindy: everyone finds himself one and finds some articles, up to date, like from last 30 days
Greg: no way, to little scope of time, how about last 3 months
Alex: Agreed with inequalities, and 3 months, 1 is to short
Summary: Alex, Mindy and Greg will focus on inequality for their referrals next week and they will work on articles from the last 3 months.
Dialogue: Ulrich: how do you bake with no eggs?
Olaf: O_o
Hans: u mean vegan cakes? that's awful
Ulrich: I thought you would know as vegans
Olaf: I'm not vegan, I'm vegetarian ;p
Olaf: I had no idea you can bake with no eggs
Hans: are you going vegan?
Ulrich: no, I just want to bake something for Sasha's bday
Hans: how nice og you
Hans: as long as it's edible ;p
Olaf: I found this online
Olaf: <file_other> here's a web page with vegan cakes
Hans: do you even bake, dude?
Ulrich: I don't
Olaf: those recipes look complicated
Hans: so you don't bake and you're not vegan and you want to bake sth for your picky vegan gf?
Olaf: lol
Hans: looks like you're suicidal man ;DDDD
Olaf: don't sabotage your relationship
Ulrich: I thought it would be simple
Hans: god it's so common for men to think they could learn sth easily just because they don't appreciate female skills
Olaf: buuuuuurn
Ulrich: so you're saying it's hard
Hans: don't screw up her bday, bake a beta cake first
Hans: we'll tell you how bad it it
Hans: if it's ok then bake for her
Olaf: <file_gif>
Ulrich: maybe it will be better if I buy her something nice
Summary: Ulrich wants to bake a vegan cake for his girlfriend's birthday, but he doesn't know how to. Hans' advice is to make a trial cake first.
Dialogue: Kim: guys I BEG you stop arguing with Tim he's batshit insane
Kayah: But it's SO FUN
Lucas: lol
Alex: are u sure he's not trolling us?
Kim: Alex, I know him
Alex: ok ok
Summary: Kim asks them to stop arguing with Tim because he is deranged.
Dialogue: Jeanie: !!!!
Sean: ???
Jeanie: GUESS WHO GOT A PUPPYYYYYY
Jeanie: <file_photo>
Sean: OOOMMMGGGGG
Sean: so smol <3
Jeanie: her name for now is Smooshy lol
Jeanie: I need to think of something better :D
Jeanie: My mom adopted her from the shelter
Sean: I'm coming over right now to meet Smooshy :D
Summary: Jeanie has a new puppy called Smooshy. Sean is coming over right now to meet it. 
Dialogue: Irene: at what time is the movie?
Fay: at 10
Irene: ok c ya there
Fay: see ya :) 
Summary: Fay and Irene will watch a movie together at 10.
Dialogue: Blake: are u free friday night?
Blake: there is this concert
Blake: maybe u wanna come?
Marcia: which concert?
Blake: Phedora
Marcia: oh, I love them <3
Marcia: ofc I'll go
Blake: great :)
Summary: Marcia and Blake will go to Phedora's concert on Friday night.
Dialogue: Dallas: What happened to that photo you sent me, it's disappeared
Joanna: It's snapchat
Dallas: I know but I still have the first one you sent me 
Joanna: I can't see ur photo also. So how can I know? It's good it disappeared :) That's the aim of snapchat
Dallas: Yes I know but why do I still have the first picture you sent me?
Joanna: I don't know
Dallas: Weird
Joanna: Yeah weird u still have that pic, not that the other one disappeared
Dallas: Hmm
Joanna: U mean that photo of my leg? That u can see it? Because I can see it too -.-
Dallas: Yes that one
Joanna: So I don't know why
Dallas: I can only see the one you sent me first
Joanna: That one with my red skin on my knee?
Dallas: Yes
Joanna: Ok. I can't even delete it
Dallas: Seriously?
Joanna: So u see :) I can't trust snap chat. It can still save my pics:)
Dallas: Yeah... :/  true
Summary: Snapchat saved Joanna's photo and Joanna and Dallas don't know why.
Dialogue: Jack: hey :* what time do you want dinner to be ready?
Stacy: 3;30 PM please? :* what are you serving?
Jack: carbonara - your favorite! :)
Stacy: awwww i love you!!!!
Jack: i know :D
Stacy: you cheeky bastard!!! :P
Summary: Jack will prepare carbonara for dinner at 3:30 pm. It's Stacy's favourite dish.
Dialogue: Gael: Hey. Make sure you lock the door when you leave
Gunner: Sure.
Gael: Cool. I guess I will see you at school.
Summary: Gunner will make sure he locks the door when he leaves and he will see Gael at school.
Dialogue: Sienna: Was there an amazon for me today?
Ed: Nope, not yet.
Sienna: Damn.
Ed: But this time of year there's two deliveries, so it could still get here.
Sienna: Oh! Didn't know that!
Ed: Yep. They have two trucks per route right now.
Sienna: Cool!
Ed: What does your tracking say?
Sienna: Expected today.
Ed: You'll get it then. The mighty Amazon never lets anyone down!
Sienna: Okay, let me know. I'll come back and get it.
Ed: No need; I have to make trips up front anyway. I'll bring it up.
Sienna: Thanks!
Summary: There was no Amazon delivery for Sienna today yet. This time of the year, however, Amazon delivers twice a day. Sienna's delivery is expected today. Ed will bring the package to Sienna as he needs to make a trip anyway.
Dialogue: Carmen: there is a discount week coming up at Victoria's Secret
Mallory: you've got my interest...
Carmen: they say they will have discounts up to -50%
Mallory: that is HUGE
Carmen: i know, we should go do some shopping
Mallory: without a question!
Carmen: the sooner we go the better probably so there will still be something left for us haha
Mallory: good concern, all the girls will go crazy when they find out lol
Carmen: yeah, so we should be the first crazy girls out there :D
Mallory: of course sister!
Summary: Carmen and Mallory will go to Victoria's Secret as soon as possible to take advantage of the upcoming discount week.
Dialogue: Alice: I don't know what to buy Bryan for xmas.....
Alice: Any ideas?
Michelle: Cant you just ask him?:)
Alice: Well, ofc I can
Alice: But I wanted to surprise him, you know
Ava: Buying presents for boys...
Ava: The worst thing ever :D
Alice: I totally agree, I've been thinking about it all week
Michelle: There's still a lot of time to figure sth out
Ava: Maybe a game, does he have PS?
Michelle: Nooo, he doesn't, but he's planning to buy
Ava: There you go
Ava: Don't thank me :D
Summary: Alice will probably buy a PS game for Bryan for Christmas. Ava hates buying presents for boys.
Dialogue: Kris: Ted keeps sending me pictures and videos of cats
Liv: That's so cute!
Kris: I know but I'd like to make some conversation with him as well
Liv: Ooops XD
Summary: Ted keeps sending Kris pictures and videos of cats.
Dialogue: Mona: did u call me?
Ian: No, why?
Ian: Do u have any problems with ur mobile?
Mona: Yes, I need to buy a new one :(
Summary: Mona has been having problems with her mobile and needs to get a new one.
Dialogue: Justin: <file_photo> 
Stephanie: mmm... mud soup?
Justin: mushroom soup for supper, to ease the tension
Stephanie: I used to make a similar one when I was 7
Stephanie: with apples
Stephanie: xD
Justin: uhm... yummy
Stephanie: enjoy xD
Summary: Justin prepared mushroom soup for supper. Stephanie used to make a soup wth apples when she was 7.
Dialogue: Stef: Hi Eleonor, we're still in Munich and you're moving again... So lucky
Eleonor: yes, Barcelona is a nice place to go, come and visit us
Stef: I'd love to
Eleonor: me too
Stef: i gave your new adress to a friend who is also leaving for Munich. She's very nice with 2 kids, the same age as yours
Eleonor: fine, let's see if she's fun😜
Stef: here is her contact
Stef: <file_other>
Eleonor: thanks
Stef: I met Sophia next week, she told me you met and get on well... great! I told you she was nice!
Eleonor: we had fun last week, look at the pic
Eleonor: <file_photo>
Stef: wha-uhh, it's great to see both of you, enjoy your time together
Eleonor: <file_photo>
Eleonor: as you live in Munich, may be you have information about this.
Stef: no but i could ask around if you want
Eleonor: yes please. I've told it has been created by a german teacher
Stef: ok i'll tell you
Eleonor: it's very well known in Germany and also used by doctors, but really i'm doubtful
Stef: This is the answer from a friend of mine , very invested in all theses activities. She isn't convinced by it.
Stef: <file_other>
Eleonor: thanks a lot
Stef: if you need to talk to her or have more information, let me know
Eleonor: great i will. Hug to all of you
Stef: ciao bella
Summary: Eleonor is moving to Barcelona. Stef is still in Munich. Stef gave Eleonor's address to a friend. Eleonor met that friend and enjoyed it. Eleonor asks Stef if she has more information on a certain topic. Stef asks around and sends Eleonor her friend's opinion on that matter. 
Dialogue: Emily: Hi, Giorgio! Are you ok?
Giorgio: Ciao Emily! I'm fine. What's going on?
Emily: I'd like to ask you something... maybe a little unusual.
Giorgio: Oh God! No, Emily, I'm not gay. :D
Emily: Haha, no, it has to do with Daniele, Marco and their friends. They keep saying that going to the movies on a Saturday night is a thing for old and boring people. I love watching movies but it seems like all the Italian people I know here in Turin just want to go to clubs or get drunk or both, you know...
Giorgio: Yes, I know, but those guys are, well, I don't want to offend them so I'll just say they don't have a huge intellectual landscape.
Emily: You know, sometimes I miss my friends back in England. :P
Giorgio: I know, but if you want you can come to the Cinema Massimo with Martina, Francesco and me next Saturday. They will be playing the new Sorrentino film. Are you interested?
Emily: Of course I am! Thank you. :)
Giorgio: Obviously no grudge against Daniele and Marco, they are fine guys. ;)
Emily: Obviously. ;)
Summary: Emily is upset. She can't find a company for movies in Turin, because her peers think it's suitable for old people. Giorgio invites her to the cinema with Martina and Francesco next Saturday. 
Dialogue: Olga: Hey, guys, could you help? I’m sooo fed up with the food in the Humanities building. Is there a better place to go on campus
Rosemary: ehem not really but you can try Medical Sciences
Rosemary: They’re more aware of hygiene
Rosemary: And always have fresh meet ⚰️
Olga: LOOOL sounds tempting
Troy: Yeah, I guess they’re the best
Troy: I could actually go with you today?
Olga: Sure, I wanted to have lunch around noon
Troy: Splendid, let’s meet at 12:00 at the entrance to our building
Olga: Cool
Rosemary: Have a good time
Olga: We sure will
Summary: Olga is sick of the food in the Humanities building. Rosemary advises her to try Medical Sciences. Troy will go there for lunch with Olga. They'll meet at 12:00 at the entrance to their building.
Dialogue: Tamara: Anyone going to jumpfit tonight?
Bonnie: Me 
Kiera: me
Sadie: me!
Tamara: perfect, see you later ladies!
Summary: Bonnie, Kiera, Sadie and Tamara are going to jumpfit tonight.
Dialogue: Tim: <file_gif>
Tim: <file_gif>
Cam: Nice gifs. You know how much I LOVE memes.
Cam: NOT!
Tim: <file_gif>
Tim: <file_gif>
Cam: Are you trying to annoy me?
Cam: Cause if you are then you're doing a great job.
Tim: <file_gif>
Tim: Maybe...
Cam: Grrr!
Tim: <file_gif>
Cam: This is really not funny you know.
Tim: <file_gif>
Cam: Are you going for the troll of the year award?!
Tim: Nah, I just thought you might appreciate them.
Tim: No SOH at all!
Cam: Cause they're not funny. Only annoying!
Tim: Fine! Bye then!
Summary: Cam's annoyed at Tim for sending her memes she hates.
Dialogue: Jane: How are you?
Phil: Good.
Jane: 'Good good' or 'just good'?
Phil: Just good.
Jane: I'm sorry. I know it's all my fault.
Phil: Can we leave it for some time? I'm a little busy.
Jane: You used to have time for me.
Phil: Stop it!
Jane: Just wanted to ask if you're ok.
Phil: I'm ok. Happy?
Jane: No.
Jane: Yes.
Phil: Anything else?
Jane: Guess not.
Phil: Good.
Jane: Good.
Summary: Jane wants to talk to Phil but he doesn't have time for her. 
Dialogue: Osborn: Did you walk the dog?
Pamela: nope.
Osborn: Please, do it.
Pamela: in 15 minutes I'll finish the stuff and do it;)
Osborn: :*
Summary: Pamela will walk the dog in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Samantha: Mumford and Sons released a new album!
Liam: What?! How have I not known about this?!
Samantha: lol dunno, but here, this is my favorite song so far 
Samantha: <file_other>
Liam: Nice nice, it's good.  A little slower than their usual stuff.
Samantha: Yeah, I think it's just this song, check out the whole album, I really like it
Liam: For sure, thanks for letting me know lol 
Samantha: 😉
Summary: Samantha informs Liam that a new album by Mumford and Sons has been released.
Dialogue: Jurek: we're on our way
Jurek: remember that there's no time for dillydallying, we're already a little bit late
Diana: fine fine don't panic
Diana: I'm ready and waiting for you
Jurek: wow, I'm surprised but glad. Cya
Summary: Jurek is on his way. They are running late. Diana is ready and waiting for Jurek.
Dialogue: Arielle: told her yet?
Mylie: nooo
Arielle: so when?
Mylie: idk, have to think about what to say, its not easy Ari
Arielle: i know but she needs to know youre moving out, it in two weeks!
Mylie: shell be furious
Arielle: the longer you wait the worse it gets
Mylie: true, but it doesn’t change the fact im fucking scared to do do
Arielle: i think it wont be that bad
Mylie: you dont know her. i think youll be able to hear her from your place
Arielle: XD haha neighbours will call the cops ;)
Mylie: a true drama xd ehh ill do it today, no excuses
Arielle: promise? ;p
Mylie: I promise, if not, you can punch me in the face sooo hard
Arielle: I wont, love you too much <3
Summary: Mylie is moving out in two weeks but hasn't told her yet. Mylie is afraid to tell her because she will be angry. 
Dialogue: Theodor: Honey, I guess I will go home late today.
Amilie: ..Why?..
Theodor: I have night duty today 😭😭
Amilie: You do it again? you have night duty several times a month.
Amilie: How about talking with your supervisor? 
Amilie: I mean, it’s fine if they just let you know in advance. 
Amilie: But very rare! Mostly they just let you know before you get ready to go home. 
Theodor: Well..
Amilie: Talk to your supervisor today, or I will call him and talk with him about this for sure!
Theodor: Okay. Don’t get angry darling. 😓😓😓
Summary: Theodor has a night duty and he will go home late today. Amilie is angry, because Theodor has night duty several times a month and most of the time his supervisor do not tell him about it in advance.
Dialogue: Felix: hey, what are you getting for Julia? :)
Aiden: not sure yet
Aiden: a CD maybe?
Felix: hmm ok
Maria: I'm baking her the birthday cake :).
Summary: Aiden is probably going to get Julia a CD. Maria is baking Julia a birthday cake. 
Dialogue: Sarah: I like being a single! What’s wrong with me? X
Ben: oh, there is definitely something wrong with you! X
Sarah: i didn’t ask you!
Kelly: you are a mean person Ben!
Holly: i like being on my own as i can properly rest at night!
Sarah: haha!
Kelly: there is nothing wrong with you! I admit i enjoy it as much as the rest of you
Andy: i like it too- can stay in touch with all my friends, flirt with whoever i want, go to the gym regularly
Kelly: yeah, i can do whatever i want to and whenever i want to
Andy: i’m too young to be in a serious relationship just wanna have fun! x 
Summary: They all jokingly agree that being single is fun, at least when you are young.
Dialogue: Daniel: You should try base jumping.
Kaylee: no way... I'm scared of heights.
Daniel: it's a pity, I've got tickets for chicken feed.
Kaylee: You've got to find someone else.
Summary: Daniel tries to talk Kaylee into trying base jumping, he's already got tickets, but Kaylee won't go with him, because she's afraid of heights.
Dialogue: Kraig: You left a mess in the car again!
Liz: Sorry dad :[
Kraig: Sorry is not enough, you’re going to clean it.
Liz: Ok dad, but not tonight
Kraig: Yes, tonight!
Liz: I’m at Jennie’s, pleaseee
Kraig: I don’t care, I’m having an important meeting tomorrow and I need my car clean
Liz: Youre not going to talk to whoever it is in the car!!!
Kraig: Liz, the last warning!!
Liz: Ok I’ll be there in half an hour -_-
Kraig: Good, I’ll be waiting.
Liz: You have no mercy dad
Kraig: Maybe it will give you a lesson. Not to leave trash in my car!
Kraig: From now on no eating in the car, is that clear?
Liz: Yes dad
Summary: Liz left a mess in her dad's car again. Kraig wants his daughter to clean up the mess tonight, because he has an important meetig tomorrow. Liz is at Jennie's, but she will be back in half an hour to clean the car.
Dialogue: Jeff: You know Kayla's birthday is like this friday, right?
Tom: Shit. Totally forgot. What are we gonna do?
Jeff: I wonder if it's too late to order something on-line 
Tom: I guess if we do it today there's a chance it's gonna come by then. Do you have anything specific in mind?
Jeff: Well, I remember she mentioned this jewelry producer she likes. It's nothing too fancy here <file_other>
Tom: okaay, I guess it's affordable if we split. 
Jeff: but I don't know shit about jewelry and there's just so many kinds
Tom: Lemme ask Rachel, maybe she'll have some ideas
Jeff: ok
Tom: So she says she likes the ones with the orchid theme and it might be Kayla's style too. 
Jeff: cool, so you wanna go with the necklace or something else?
Tom: Rachel says necklace is fine
Jeff: ok, necklace it is. I can buy it, you just pay me back when we meet or sth
Tom: ok, if they have some sort of extra fast delivery, I'd choose that. 
Jeff: may cost more, though
Tom: I know, but if we've already decided on this, let's make sure it comes on time
Jeff: fine by me
Summary: Kayla's birthday is this Friday. Jeff and Tom decide to buy her a necklace on-line from the jewelry producer she likes and split the cost.
Dialogue: Robert: have you seen my wallet?
Julia: in the kitchen 
Robert: thx
Summary: Robert's wallet is in the kitchen.
Dialogue: Kieran: You doing math rn?
Amy: I am
Kieran: I have difficulties
Kieran: with ex 3-6
Amy: I have the answers
Amy: But I am not sure about them 
Kieran: Thats fine
Kieran: What the answer for number 3?
Amy: c 
Kieran: Thanks
Kieran: number 4 is state whether the quadratic functions are good by the given ordered pairs
Kieran: I don't get the question 
Amy: Me neither
Amy: he didn't go thru that in class
Amy: But I asked Monica and she put e
Amy: f(x) = 3x2 -11x+20
Kieran: K thanks
Kieran: This is hard
Amy: 5 is c
Amy: 6 is also c
Kieran: K Will look thru that
Kieran: thanks
Summary: Kieran has problems with his math homework. Amy has the answers to the excercises 3-6 but isn't sure about them. Kieran will look through her answers.
Dialogue: Jessie: <file_photo>
Grace: who the hell is that
Jessie: JIMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grace: go to hell
Summary: Jessie sent Grace Jimmy's photo. 
Dialogue: Carol: I need those samples ASAP
Kit: Who has them?
Bob: I think you do
Kit: Let me check and get back to you
Summary: Carol wants the samples immediately.
Dialogue: Greg: I'm stuck in traffic. Can't reach Layla. Can you tell her I will be running late piching up the kids from grandmas?
Betty: sure, I have her right here. her phone's dead.
Greg: thanks. 
Betty: no problem
Summary: Greg will arrive late to pick up kids from grandma's.
Dialogue: Matthew: hey honey
Matthew: I'm listening to the radio now
Matthew: and they've just said that there was a massive accident
Matthew: near Queensboro Bridge
Nancy: oh shoot, I need to visit parents after work
Matthew: that's why I'm writing to you
Nancy: so I need to take a different road then
Nancy: and leave work earlier
Matthew: <file_gif>
Nancy: thx Matt :*
Summary: Nancy will visit her parents after work. Due to an accident in the area of Queensboro Bridge she will have to leave earlier and find an alternative route. 
Dialogue: Valeria: hey sis
Gloria: hey love
Valeria: i really miss you now
Gloria: come on, its just been hours since i left
Valeria: i know😔😔
Gloria:😔😥😥
Valeria:😔
Gloria: i'll be back soon, i promise
Valeria: but they never said when the session will end
Gloria: i know, but ill come back it just life, take care of mum and dad
Valeria: i promise i will, stay safe
Gloria: you too
Valeria:😘😘
Gloria:😘
Summary: Gloria will be away for an unspecified amount of time.
Dialogue: Kelly: Hey, what are you doing tonight?
Claudia: Nothing much
Kelly: Are you studying all day?
Claudia: Pretty much :-/
Kelly: Wanna go to the movies?
Claudia: Hmm...maybe. Anything interesting out there?
Kelly: I feel like a dumb comedy. That new Johnny English movie is out. Wanna go see it?
Claudia: Sure, I've been cooped up in here for too long. I haven't seen the previous ones though.
Kelly: You don't need to, each one can stand on it's own.
Claudia: Ok, so where do you want to meet?
Kelly: Let's meet at Cloverdale mall at 5, then we'll check what time it's playing and eat something
Claudia: Ok, are you driving?
Kelly: No, I'll probably take the bus
Claudia: Ok, see ya
Kelly: see ya 
Summary: Kelly and Claudia are going to watch Johnny English. Kelly will meet Claudia at Cloverdale Mall at 5 so they can eat something first. Claudia is taking the bus. 
Dialogue: Kaylee: Hi! :) Charlie and I are going to the restaurant in about an hour. Wanna join in?
Adrian: hey :) i'm in! :D
Adrian: where are we going?
Kaylee: Charlie says that her bf recommended a new Ukrainian restaurant to her
Kaylee: It's in the same place where Pizza Hut used to be.
Adrian: sounds good :]
Kaylee: Ok, so i'll make a reservation for 14.00. :)
Adrian: ok :] i can pick you up, if you want
Kaylee: That would be great! :)
Adrian: ok, so i'll be there at 13.50.
Kaylee: All righty! :)
Adrian: see you soon then!
Kaylee: Bye! :)
Summary: Kaylee and Charlie are going to a new Ukrainian restaurant. Charlie's boyfriend recommended it to her. Adrian will join them. He's going to pick them up at 13.50. The reservation is for 14.00.
Dialogue: Peter: I am going to the gym tomorrow morning, around 11. Anyone care to join me?
Raphael: We also planned to go tomorrow morning. What will you be working on? We have to do legs, right Brian?
Brian: Sadly :( Mine still hurt from last time...
Peter: Can't skip leg day! :D I will probably just do some cardio, probably on the bike
Raphael: We can start with that and move on to heavier things ;) See you guys tomorrow
Summary: Peter, Raphael and Brian will go to the gym tommorow around 11. They will start with cardio and then heavier things. 
Dialogue: Josh: Hair straightener anyone? Someone left it behind.
Jada: Melanie would appreciate it! But Hannah, if u want it, it's fine. Mel will cry, but you can take it!
Hannah: No. She can have it. 😂😜
Melanie: Hannah, I can get mine in October no worries! You have more hair 😂😂
Hannah: 😂😂 first come first served. It's OK
Josh: I'll put it in the car for the highest bidder then
Summary: Someone left a hair straightener behind at Josh's. Hannah is fine with Melanie taking it. Melanie can get one in October. Josh will put it in the car for the highest bidder.
Dialogue: Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: Dear Ella and Jamie, we wish you a wonderful Christmas - wherever you are going to celebrate it!
Ella: <file_photo>
Ella: Thank you my dear! From our Havana abode we are wishing you a lovely time with your family at Christmas!
Ella: Have you got some Xmas tree? Here in Cuba nobody celebrates Christmas, it seems. But a holiday flat opposite ours has some sort of Xmas decoration.
Ella: <file_photo>
Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: My little Christmas tree, bought on the side of the road, made by Africans.
Ella: I think I like this tree very much!
Tina: :)) Bill is rather skeptical and says that its only good feature is that it will shed no needles. Will you be celebrating?
Ella: Not really. In fact we never do, apart from a few jokes about a Xmas dinner. In a country like this it is easy to forget it is Christmastide. We really don't care. I would still do something at home but don't bother while travelling. And you?
Tina: My daughter Laura and her hubby are coming down from Jo'burg, so I guess we'll have a grand Christmas meal. Bill loves preparing all these English things and Laura is quite mad about them too. I'll bake a proper south African sugarcane cake.
Ella: Never tried this one!
Tina: It's really a joke, more of a traditional name than anything. And too sweet to be enjoyed. Just a Xmas treat. Did you have traditional dishes in Poland, the ones your mother used to prepare for Christmas?
Ella: Oh yes, plenty! But I liked only few of them. I wish I could taste them again though. :( weep,weep..
Tina: Good old days of childhood... When I think about Howick in the days of my childhood and how it has changed for worse, it makes me cringe. Good that my mother didn't live long enough to experience all this deterioration. No good thoughts for Xmas.
Ella: But good to remember our loved ones!
Tina: Right you are. Then once more: Happy Christmas to you both!
Ella: And a happy Christmas to you, dear Tina and Bill! With kind regards to your family!
Tina: Thank you dear.
Summary: Tina and Ella wish each other a happy Christmas. Ella and Jamie are spending Christmas in their Havana abode and they do not plan to celebrate. Tina bought a Christmas tree. Tina's daughter Laura and her husband are coming from Johannesburg. Tina and Bill will prepare a grand Christmas meal.
Dialogue: Laurence: Hi dad, can you pick me up from school at 3 pm?
Papa: Sorry Pumpkin, I can’t today…
Papa: I must stay at work a bit longer
Papa: Text Mom, she should be home already
Laurence: Ok, fine
Summary: Papa can't pick up Laurence from school because he must stay at work longer today. Papa suggests Laurence to text mom.
Dialogue: Vince: wanna play FIFA?
Chuck: sure
Vince: ok, in an hour?
Chuck: great
Summary: Vince and Chuck'll play FIFA in an hour.
Dialogue: Gus: Where are u? I'm waiting for u?
Nina: Sorry, I have problems with car. I've got a flat tire.
Gus: I see…ask somebody for help
Nina: I called for my father, he is on his way...
Summary: Nina's car has a flat tire. She called her father for help.
Dialogue: Andrew: When do the classes start today
Arthur: haven't you heard the news?
Andrew: no? what happened
Benjamin: The classes are cancelled, dr Morty is sick
Andrew: Too bad, I like having classes with him
Arthur: me2 but I will not complain :p
Summary: The classes are cancelled today, because dr Morty is sick.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: <file_photo>
Natasha: what's that?
Elisabeth: my new car!!
Natasha: what???
Elisabeth: yes :)))) dad got it for me for my 20th birthday
Natasha: you are SO lucky!!!
Elisabeth: i know, everyone at school is jealous hahaha
Natasha: i can imagine :P i had to work for mine for the whole summer and it was old and crappy :D
Elisabeth: i wouldn't mind getting an old one either but dad said this one will be safer etc.
Natasha: he loves his little girls so much haha
Elisabeth: yes he does :)
Natasha: what did your mom say?
Elisabeth: well she is a little worried that he spent so much but she is happy too
Natasha: that's good :)
Summary: Elisabeth got a new car from her dad as a 20th birthday present. Natasha had to work for hers for the whole summer.
Dialogue:  Brian: Hi Leah, wats up,
Leah: Ben is cheating on me
Brian: Wait a minute you know about this?
Leah: What does that mean? You know about this too?
Brian: I saw them together,
Leah: Oh my god when?
Brian: I am sorry it was an accident that I saw them. I saw them yesterday when I was dropping Anny
Leah: Yesterday, `Oh my god it’s still going on.
Brian: How long have you known.
Leah: For like 18 days, I was making sandwich, then he was talking to page then all this messages were entering his phone
Brian: Does he know you know?
Leah: No
Brian: So what are you going to do?
Leah: I am going to confront him. And then dump him.
Brian: Poor thing.
Summary: Leah told Ben that 18 days ago she found out that Ben is cheating on her. However, Brian had already knew about it. Leah is going to break up with Ben.
Dialogue: Randall: <file_photo> This one?
Sidney: Yes! Finally!
Randall: How does it differ from the other ones?
Sidney: They're all different colours. All pinkish but different. And this one is pink-pink.
Randall: If u say so. 
Sidney: Are u coming home now?
Randall: Yes. 
Randall: The cashier is sneering at me.
Sidney: Smile back at him. 
Randall: Is he ironic?
Sidney: No, just nice.
Randall: Okay. TTYS. Going home.
Summary: Randall is coming home now.
Dialogue: Matt: Have you heard about that? A slice of bread simulator game!!
Liam: Omg, that just can’t be true. Is it real? 
Matt: Haha, yeah. 
Liam: Oh no, I just spit my hamburger on the screen. Thank you, bro.
Matt: I’m just looking at the gameplay. It’s so unreal. HAHA!
Liam: So basically you do play a game, in which you DO LIVE the life of a slice of bread? I don’t think I want to live on this planet anymore.
Matt: Come on, it's funny!
Summary: There is a new computer game in which you live the life of a slice of bread. Liam and Matt can't believe it's true.
Dialogue: Eliza: i listened to what you sent me yesterday
Eliza: so beautiful, i was literally crying
Leo: woah!
Leo: seriously?
Eliza: yes, i experienced it very emotionally
Leo: i'm really happy you liked it so much :O
Leo: <3
Eliza: what were you thinking about when you were composing it?
Leo: hmm maybe i'll tell you later :)
Eliza: okay
Summary: Eliza was deeply moved after listening to the music piece composed by Leo.
Dialogue: Peter: Pat, are you having the presentation tomorrow?
Pat: yes, at 11
Ben: great, I'll come over
Peter: me too
Manuel: And have you already talked to Jim?
Pat: Yes, I did
Manuel: will you get a rise?
Pat: I'm not sure
Manuel: you should
Pat: he said I will get a new post
Manuel: I think it's a natural course of action
Pat: but maybe I'll get 50 Euro rise?
Manuel: that would be insolent
Pat: I'll quit then
Summary: Pat is having the presentation tomorrow at 11. Ben and Peter will come to see it. Pat is not sure if she will get a pay rise, but she will get a new post. 
Dialogue: Ariana: Have you seen Bohemian Rhapsody?
Jake: You mean the movie with Rami Malek?
Ariana: Exactly!
Jake: Not yet
Ariana: Oh, you MUST see it! It's wonderful!
Summary: Ariana advises Jake to watch "Bohemian Rhapsody". 
Dialogue: Emily: I saw you at the beach yesterday. What were you doing there?
Richard: i was just exhausted from studies. Came out just to relax. What were you doing there?
Emily: I was just passing by. and Were't you supposed to with your family at picnic that time? 
Richard: I did not want to go. 
Emily: and Who was that guy with you? I have seen him somewhere Can't remember much now
Richard: Which one? I was with my 3 friends
Emily: Guy with the Red Tea-Shirt and Jeans
Richard: He is one of my oldest friends.
Emily: Yeah I remember now. I saw him with Annie.
Richard: Because He is Annie's Brother :/
Emily: LOL. OK. never Mind
Richard: I am getting late now. Need to go out with friends.
Emily: Ok See you at tomorrow then.
Summary: Emily saw Richard at the beach. He was with three of her friends. Emily will see Richard tomorrow.
Dialogue: Barry: Hi man, how's life?
Mahmoud: Pretty good, work's going well, and Aisha is pregnant!
Barry: Wow! Congrats man, so pleased for you!
Mahmoud: Thanks, we thought it would never happen, we've been married 9 years and were giving up hope.
Barry: Well, I am delighted for you both, I'll tell Sheila about it, we can go out for dinner to celebrate!
Mahmoud: Sounds great, man! How's the shop going?
Barry: Yeah, just taken on two new staff, two kids from college, they are pretty good so far.
Mahmoud: Problem is when they go to Uni you'll be left high and dry!
Barry: Bugger! Didn't think of that, well, they are 16 and 17, so a couple of years left yet, then I'll have to look for someone a bit more permanent.
Mahmoud: Sheila fancy going back full-time?
Barry: Nah, she's pissed off with stinking of fish and chips all the time, hates the place, frankly!
Mahmoud: Well you can't hate plaice if you're in a chippy!
Barry: 😆 What a comedian!
Mahmoud: You know Aisha would love to come back, but she's got bigger fish to fry!
Barry: Oh, my sides are splitting! Well, I imagine the Land Registry plays a bit better than I used to, more maternity leave too.
Mahmoud: You're right there. Well, best go, let's sort that meal out ASAP.
Barry: I'll tell Sheila and get back to you soon. See ya!
Mahmoud: See you man!
Summary: Mahmoud and Aisha are expecting a baby. They will go out for dinner with Barry and Sheila to celebrate. Barry has taken 2 college students to help out around his shop but will have to look for someone permanent in a couple of years. 
Dialogue: Grace: <file_photo> finished :D
Kristin: amazing! i wish i could embroider too ;(
Grace: i could teach u
Kristin: it's not for my patience, believe me ;D
Grace: lol ok
Summary: Grace shares with Kristin a picture of the embroidery she has just completed.
Dialogue: Jen: Did you do ake the chicken out to defrost?
Tim: shit forgot
Tim: i'm on it
Jen: to late, I'll just get something else at the store
Tim: sorry
Jen: no prob see ya
Summary: Tim forgot to take the chicken out to defrost. Jen will get something else at the store. 
