Dialogue: Chris: do you have plans for the weekend of September 3rd-4th?
Noah: mmm, nothing really concrete, what's up
Chris: well, I was thinking flying out to Berlin that weekend
Noah: ha, ok, just a casual weekend trip to Germany for the weekend, no biggie
Chris: no I'm serious man, tickets are wicked cheap and this awesome band is playing there that weekend
Noah: Dude, I really don't have money 
Noah: that broke life has got me beat
Chris: it won't be expensive, I have a friend we can stay with 
Noah: ya ok, well I'm pretty sure the tickets are the most expensive part 
Chris: o ho ho, well Im glad you brought that up, cause not even!
Chris: check this out!
Chris: <file_other>
Chris: 50 bucks!
Noah: wtf that's so cheap 
Chris: uhh yeah exactly, some Black friday deal
Noah: well damn, that's really cheap, ha now you've got me intrigued 
Chris: WHAT?! I thought that would be all the convincing you'd need!
Chris: What else is there to think about?!
Noah: ha nothing nothing, but I just want to check  I don't have anything going on for sure
Chris: Alrigh, well lemme know quick, I wanna buy these before the prices go up
Noah: ok, I'll let you know by the end of the day
Chris: yeah you better, or I'm asking Will if he wants to go
Summary: Chris wants to go to Berlin that weekend as there is a Black Friday deal on concert tickets. Noah will let Chris know by the end of the day. 
Dialogue: Will: Hey, Maggie, could you give me a hand? 
Maggie: Hey, Will, sure. What’s the problem?
Will: Well, I installed the apps, as it says on the box, but they don’t work.
Maggie: Did you restart your computer before launching them?
Will: Well, no...
Maggie: Please try that and if it doesn’t work, you’ll have to redo it. 
Summary: Maggie's advice for the apps that don't work is restarting the computer.
Dialogue: Samir: Hello, can you tell me what time I have to go tomorrow in case you have a shirt for me? Thank you.
Alena: Hey Samir, I still don't know if we have spare tshirts, I am waiting, so when I know I will tell you
Samir: Okay, thank you
Alena: Do you prefer with sleeves or without sleves?
Samir: With sleeves...
Alena: Ok, it will be waiting for you in the festival reception :)
Samir: Thanks!!
Samir: What do I have to say?
Alena: Just your name and tell that it's from Alena
Samir: I will, thank you very much!
Samir: Have a nice day
Summary: Samir enquires whether a shirt will be ready for him tomorrow but Alena is not sure. She will let him know as soon as his preferred sleeved shirt can be called from the festival reception upon giving his name and mentioning that it is from her.
Dialogue: Louise: I am going to propose to Thelma at his birthday but I have no idea what kind of ring would she like
Louise: could you help me with that?
Vicky: wow dude that's amazing! congrats!
Henrietta: wow! I would love to help you out!
Vicky: I don't know much about rings but I think Thelma will say yes no matter what ring you'll buy
Paloma: me too! did sth catch your eye?
Louise: I saw this ring in Pandora but it might be too tacky
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: :O
Vicky: it's not tacky, it's so Thelma
Louise: wait, I also like this one:
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: I think the first one is better
Vicky: yeah, the second one is too classic, too safe
Louise: OK thank you guys
Louise: just don't tell Thelma anything
Vicky: sure!
Summary: Louise will propose to Thelma at his birthday and has no idea what ring she would like. Vicky, Henrietta and Paloma are there to help and assess the ring Louise found in Pandora.
Dialogue: Rachel: did you enjoy the balloon flight?
Sally: oh yes it was beautiful I would do it again in the autumn the trees would look beautiful
Rachel: oh yes thats a good idea I might come with you I fancy doing it.. let me now if you organise anything
Sally: I will xx
Summary: Sally may organize an autumn baloon flight and Rachel may join her.
Dialogue: Alan: Wanna go for a walk tonight?
Morag: Can't tonight. What about tomorrow night?
Alan: Well I've got this concert. But maybe after thtat, like 9pm?
Morag: OK. 9pm it is.
Summary: Alan and Morag are going for a walk tomorrow at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Daniel: I've got this one friend who's obsessed with animals.
Daniel: She can't stand animals suffering so she sometimes takes animals from animal shelter.
Daniel: Right now she has 6 dogs, a parrot, and fish in aquarium. 
Jake: Haha. 6 dogs? Hope she has big flat :D
Daniel: Yes she has. <file_photo>
Jake: Wow. That's big. 
Summary: Daniel's friend loves animals. She adopted few animals from the shelter. Now she has 6 dogs, a parrot and a fish.
Dialogue: Goldie: Merry Xmas guys!
Serena: To you!
Jane: I'm like a stuffed turkey! <file_photo>
Blake: HAHA <file_gif> I can relate!
Serena: On diet after another piece of cake?
Goldie: Not until the 1 Jan!
Jane: Right, we still have other week of binge eating!
Blake: Wanna meet up? All leftovers and a sleepover?
Serena: Great idea!
Summary: Jane and Blake are overeaten after Christmas. Blake proposed a meeting.
Dialogue: Karen: I know a cool game. Would you like to play?
Avi: Sure!
Karen: So it goes like that: I write a sentence and you continue, then it's my turn etc. 
Avi: I know it. It's fun. Let's play!
Karen: Want to start?
Avi: OK. I'm sitting in the room.
Karen: It's dark and cold outside.
Avi: I'm reading a book. The house is silent.
Karen: Suddenly, I hear a tapping sound.
Avi: Where is it coming from? - I ask myself.
Karen: It's from outside. Is someone knocking on my window?
Avi: No, it's impossible. You could only do that if you climbed on the roof underneath it.
Karen: But the tapping continues....
Avi: Louder and louder...
Karen: I'm going to check it out.
Avi: I'm a bit scared but anyway I approach the window.
Karen: It's so dark outside, I cannot see a thing.
Avi: But the tapping continues...
Karen: It sounds like... OMG!!!
Avi: What the hell is that???
Summary: Karen suggests to Avi that they play a story-telling game and they make up they story.
Dialogue: Gary: When are you guys arriving exactly?
Stella: We're landing 6:40 PM, so add some 20 minutes and we'll be at the arrivals gate.
Josh: Precisely.
Gary: Okay, I''ll be there 6:40 to pick you up. Just to be safe.
Stella: Thanks a lot, dad :)
Gary: No problem :)
Summary: Gary will be waiting at the arrivals gate at 6:40 PM to pick up his daughter Stella and Josh. 
Dialogue: Mandy: new academic year is coming!
Mandy: can't wait to see you guys!
Troy: hey, how was your holiday?
Mandy: 2 months in Brazil, amazing place
Nate: hey, I missed ya
Mandy: :*
Troy: I wonder about curriculum
Nate: ya, last one sucked
Mandy: They should pay more attention to our remarks
Nate: maybe they will improve that
Troy: that would be great
Mandy: it cannot be worse than last year
Nate: haha true
Summary: A new academic year is coming. Mandy spent her holiday in Brazil.
Dialogue: Seward: no maths 2moro
Lilian: ur kiddin right?
Seward: no really. check online log
Grayson: yeah Sew's right
Lilian: the best news this weekdn
Dudley: or ever
Lilian: so when's the test?
Seward: she'll be back next week. So then
Lilian: at least 1more week to revise
Grayson: yeah bloody triangles
Dudley: cant we just poison her
Grayson: & cancel mth forever hey?
Dudley: if u do it ill love ya 4ever
Grayson: i dont luv ya son so no thank you
Summary: Seward informs that there's no maths tomorrow. The test will be next week.
Dialogue: Monica: I think, i left my cable yesterday at your place.
Josh: You mean this ? <file_photo>
Monica: Nope, it was white.
Josh: where did  you leave it? 
Josh: what do you think?
Monica: in the kitchen
Josh: ok, there's sth... <file_photo>
Monica: yes, that's mine!
Monica: How can I get it back?
Josh: I'll be in the centre Thursday evening
Josh: is that fine for you?
Monica: Thursday is too late, actually...
Josh: So you need to come here, sorry!
Monica: ok, what's your plan for today?
Josh: homeworking all day long ;-)
Monica: ok, I'll be in 1h.
Josh: ok, waiting xD
Summary: Monica left her cable yesterday at Josh's place. Monica will be in 1 hour.
Dialogue: Frank: u up?? 
Gregory: yeah
Frank: go back to sleep then xD
Gregory: wtf xD
Summary: Gregory is awake. Frank tells him to go back to sleep.
Dialogue: Bruce: Hey
Kate: Hi Bruce :)
Bruce: On scale from 1 to 10, how well are you prepared for tomorrow's exam?
Kate: 1 
Bruce: :o
Kate: I haven't even opened the notes yet :/
Bruce: Are you going to?
Kate: I really don't want to, but I guess my sense of decency won't let me ignore it.
Kate: But I'm sleepy and the gravity of my bed is so strong, I can't resist it.
Bruce: Read notes in your bed :)
Kate: That will result in immediate falling asleep :)
Bruce: Right :)
Bruce: You just made me feel better :P
Bruce: I have similar lack of motivation to even open the book.
Bruce: <file_photo>
Kate: Haha. See you tomorrow Bruce, and good luck to us!
Bruce: Good night and good luck Kate! :P
Summary: Kate isn't prepared for the exam, but she goes anyway. Bruce is demotivated as well.
Dialogue: Jill: i am so mad at him right now
Jill: i am fucking sick of it
Kate: what did he do again?
Martina: how can you put up with that guy...
Jill: he went for a beer with his boys last night
Jill: he was supposed to come back by fucking 11 pm
Jill: and he came at 3 am, drunk as shit, didn't respond to any of my calls
Kate: lol.. this is absurd
Kate: it's not the first time it happens is it?
Jill: no lol, it's like the fifth time this year
Martina: he is such an asshole, you should've dumped him long time ago ;/
Kate: ye, he can't just keep disappearing whenever he feels like it
Kate: that's not fair and who the hell knows what he is doing
Jill: do you think he cheated on me?
Jill: i don't know what to think anymore
Martina: well did he say where he was?
Jill: he said they just went to Mike's and he lost track of time
Jill: usual excuse...
Kate: that's what he always says lol stupid prick
Kate: i don't know if he cheated, maybe he is telling the truth
Kate: but even if he didn't then it's not an excuse of how he behaves
Martina: yeah he totally has no respect for you girl
Martina: you either give him hell or dump him, he needs to change
Jill: he is still sleeping... i will talk to him when he wakes up
Jill: i will let you guys know
Kate: yeah but be strong girl
Martina: we are here for you :*
Jill: thanks <3 :*
Summary: Jill is mad with her boyfriend. He went for a beer with his friends last night and came back at 3 am totally drunk. He didn't respond to Jill's calls. Jill will talk to him when he wakes up.
Dialogue: Mom: how was your math test?
Jim: ok, but i've forgotten to finish one task
Mom: i'm sure you'll pass! :)
Summary: Jim's math test went okay, but he forgot to finish one exercise.
Dialogue: Lily: You guys free on Friday?
Eve: Not really, Bob is taking me to his parents for the weekend
Sue: I could be, I don't wanna go to see this movie with Mark and his friends, it's some racing shit
Lily: I need you guys, I'm in deep trouble 
Sue: What did he do?!
Lily: It's not him, it's me this time, I just can't anymore:( 
Sue: Oh hon, I'm sorry, you gotta do something with it
Eve: But what? What about kids?
Lily: I know, they should grow up with him, but we gotta change how it works
Eve: What you gotta do is leave him
Lily: Easy to say :( 
Sue: Just pack your things and come live with us for a few days, we'll see what happens
Lily: Really? You guys would take us? 
Sue: Oh please, of course! I'll prep guest's bedroom
Eve: I can help you move the stuff 
Lily: You guys are saving my life<3
Summary: Eve is visiting Bob's parent's Friday night. Lilly doesn't want to be in a relationship with her partner anymore, but is concerned about the kids. Eve and Sue advise Lilly to leave him. Sue offers Lilly a stay for her and the kids. Eve offers to help move Lilly's things. 
Dialogue: Amanda: Do you know where is Peter? I've seen some pics on fb, looks amazing
Maria: He's in italy
Amanda: But where exactly?
Logan: Abruzzo
Summary: Peter is in Abruzzo.
Dialogue: Cory: I just head youve been suffering from fever
Zara: Yeah Thats why i didnt come to meet you guys
Cory: How are you now?
Zara: I am recovering. Hope to get better in couple of days
Cory: You should take good care of yourself
Zara: Yeah I will :)
Cory: Teacher just gave whole class an assignment
Zara: Which assignment?
Cory: Economics
Zara: I might not be able to complete it due to the stuation
Cory: Dont worry I would do it for you
Zara: Thats so nice of you :)
Cory: i Wont come to college net week. and I will ask you to do mine then
Zara: Sure why not :D xD
Cory: Hhaha. Just get better. We would hangout together
Zara: I need you to take me to starbucks
Cory: Sure. Why wouldnt I?
Zara: Cant wait to get well
Cory: Mee too :) 
Summary: Zara has a fever and she hasn't come for a meeting. Cory will do Economics assignment for Zara. In exchange, Zara will do Cory's assignment for her, next week.
