Dialogue: Sir Josh: Hello! this is your HOD talking. I need to see you in my office at 2300 hours today.
Alan: Hello Sir! Am I in trouble?
Sir Josh: No I just need you to sign some documents.
Alan: But I already signed the certificate.
Sir Josh: It's not the certificate. It's the form of your summer application.
Alan: oh, is it approved?
Sir Josh: Yes, the form just needs your signature.
Alan: I'll be in your office then.
Sir Josh: Yes, we also need to discuss some points in the form.
Alan: Okay Sir.
Sir Josh: And I need you to know that you can not apply for that course this semester then.
Alan: Yes Sir I am aware of that. That was in fact my decision.
Sir Josh: That was a smart choice.
Alan: Thank you Sir!
Summary: Alan has to go to the office of his HOD at 23:00 and sign the form of his summer application. He and Sir Josh will also discuss some points in the form. Alan cannot apply for this course this semester and this was his decision.
Dialogue: Lewis: why did you left without a word?
Lewis: something happened?
Thea: sorry about that
Thea: I didn't feel very well
Lewis: why didn't you say so?
Lewis: someone would take you home
Thea: you were having a great time
Thea: I didn't want to bother anyone
Lewis: how do you feel now?
Thea: better
Thea: I guess I ate something that didn't go well with my stomach
Lewis: that sucks
Thea: well, at least I could go to bed early
Thea: and I needed that badly after this week
Lewis: it was that bad?
Lewis: since you left so early we didn't have the chance to talk
Thea: just lots of stress at work with the deadline approaching
Thea: you know the stuff
Lewis: yeah
Lewis: anyway glad to hear that your feeling better
Lewis: don't overdo it and try to rest some more
Thea: that's the plan
Thea: I'll just stay at home for the weekend
Lewis: good
Lewis: have to go for now but I'll be back in the evening
Thea: bye
Lewis: take care
Summary: Thea left the party early because she didn't feel very well. She will get some rest after a hard week at work.
Dialogue: Saul: how much do i owe you for yesterday?
Chandler: 5 dollars mate, it was just one drink
Saul: ok please send me your bank account so i can wire you the money
Chandler: don't worry about it, you will get me a round next time
Saul: if that's what you want - sure :)
Chandler: at least we have an excuse to go out again :D
Summary: Saul owes Chandler 5 dollars for one drink from yesterday. He will get Chandler a round next time. 
Dialogue: Ives: How can I go to toilet now? 
Jameson: Just ask the teacher
Ives: in the middle of class? 
Ives: You know he is so strict he end up scolding me why I didn't go to toilet during the break
Jameson: -_-;;; what else I could do for you then?
Summary: Ives wants to go to the toilet but doesn't know how to ask the teacher.
Dialogue: Rose: hey congratulations for the baby boy! i wish him all the health and happiness in life.
Ela: thank you so much for the wishes.
Rose: your welcome.. so hows he and you? all ok
Ela: yes everything is great thanks
Rose: will come to see you and the baby boy
Ela: Sure will wait to see you..
Summary: Ela just gave birth to a boy. Rose will visit them shortly.
Dialogue: Martha: Have you been to Laura?
Ian: Not yet, why?
Martha: I wanted to give you a book for her.
Ian: OK.
Ian: I'll be in a moment.
Martha: Thx!
Martha: I will pack a few CDs too.
Summary: Ian will bring Laura a book and few CDs from Martha.
Dialogue: Pauline: What time is your flight coming in on Friday?
Hans: we land at 13.20  
Pauline: Brilliant. I will pick you guys up
Olga: great! have you got a car that fits us all?
Pauline: you only have a tiny bum so should be fine. you can sit between the car seats. 
Olga: ah cool
Hans: what about your kids though?
Pauline: I'll have to ask someone to watch them for an hour or so... 
Hans: that would be very cool thanks! 
Pauline: no worries, I am so excited to have you guys!
Olga: so are we! kids have been shouting about it for a month already! 
Pauline: are they excited about the flight?
Hans: very much so!
Pauline: can't wait to see them!! 
Olga: see you on Friday! xx
Pauline: see you soon! have a good trip! x
Hans: see you Friday and thanks again! 
Summary: Pauline'll pick Hans, Olga and their children up when they arrive on Friday at 1:20 pm. Before that Pauline'll have to ask somebody to take care of her children while she's absent.
Dialogue: Ralph: You still here someplace?
Mary: Bathroom!
Ralph: Oh! TMI!
Mary: Out in a sec…
Ralph: Take your time...
Summary: Mary is in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Anna: You there? Kindly reply ASAP
Tyler: What happened?
Anna: I am stuck in the hotel's elevator and here is a weird guy with me
Tyler: Ok I am trying to the managers
Anna: Please hurry up, I am already suffocating
Tyler: Please don't worry
Anna: Ok waiting :(
Summary: Anna is stuck in an elevator and Tyler is contacting the managers to help her.
Dialogue: Theo: Hi guys. I'm wondering how can we support Greg and his family
Clara: Hi Theo, great idea
Theo: No specific ideas yet, just thinking...
Brett: Hi! Has anyone spoken to his wife?
Theo: I spoke to her last night
Clara: He's in hospital and will stay there for 4-5 weeks
Theo: That's right
Gwen: hi everyone. can we do anything for Sandra?
Clara: She's on her own with the kids now :(
Gwen: I know... 
Theo: Sandras mum is with them now and shes taking care of cooking an so on
Clara: I can get them some groceries tomorrow
Theo: That's great Clara, I'll ask Sandra if she needs anything
Clara: Ok, tomorrow around 2pm
Gwen: Theo please let her know I can drive Duncan to school whenever she needs 
Theo: Thank you Gwen! I'll tell her. My wife is picking him up after school tomorrow
Brett: Do we know anything more about Greg?
Gwen: I'm so worried :(
Theo: We all are very worried...
Clara: Obviously no one can see him now
Clara: There's too much risk of infection
Brett: Can we call him or text him?
Theo: I called him yesterday, he says he's a bit sleepy all the time...
Theo: And bored
Brett: Yeah... but we know he'll get worse in a couple of days... probably.
Summary: Greg will be in hospital for 4-5 weeks. Sandra's mum is cooking for him and Sandra. Clara will get them groceries tomorrow around 2 PM. Gwen offered to drive Duncan to school, Theo's wife is picking him up tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Matt: Are you still up for lunch today?
Beatrice: Hmm, maybe ;)
Matt: What do you mean? You know, if you don’t want to go, it’s fine, some other time ;p
Beatrice: No, it’s ok! I was just… teasing you, sort of xd
Matt: Eh, I really want to meet you!
Beatrice: And you will! But it depends where do you want to go, my schedule is pretty tight.
Matt: I found some places near your workplace. The point is, do you have any special… demands xd
Beatrice: Like what?? O.o
Matt: No meat, lactose intolerant, vegetarian, vegan, allergies itd.
Beatrice: Haha, none of that Xd I mean I’m a bit allergic to peanuts. Aaand I can’t eat fish.
Matt: Very well, so either Lavender Café or Salad Story.
Beatrice: I’ll go for café, I’ll just need a cookie and a coffee after all that ;p
Matt: After all what?
Beatrice: I have a meeting with a client. He’s pretty…harsh
Matt: How can anyone be harsh to you!
Beatrice: Just like that apparently o.o
Matt: Well I hope you'll be fine.
Summary: Matt and Beatrice are going to grab lunch today. They are meeting in Lavender Café near her workplace.
Dialogue: David: Hi, do you know if James has the Divergent series?
Rebecca: Tv or books?
David: Books
Rebecca: Hm... I don't think so, but why are you asking?
David: I've been wondering what I can get him for Christmas.
Rebecca: Oh, ok. But honestly I don't think he'll like it.
David: No? He liked that whole Katniss series.
Rebecca: Yeah, but it's tad different in my opinion.
David: I'm not argue you with you on this. So what do you think he may like?
Rebecca: I think maybe the Maze Runner?
David: Haven't heard about that one.
Rebecca: It's also young adult literature, but there's a lot of action.
David: And Divergent doesn't have enough action?
Rebecca: It does, but I think too much romance for James' taste ;)
Summary: David wants to buy James a book for Christmas. Rebecca thinks he will like the Maze Runner more than the Divergent series. 
Dialogue: Sam: My wife doesn't satisfy me
Adam: Not enough sex?
Sam: We have sex every second day, sometimes even everyday
Sam: But it's always the same
Don: You want to try new positions?
Sam: I want to try something more hardcore
Don: Have you talked with her about it?
Sam: Yes. Multiple times. 
Sam: But we always end up having this boring, routine sex
Summary: Sam is not satisfied with boring, routine sex he has with his wife. They have sex every one or two days.
Dialogue: Jack: Any chance you've seen the Queen film?
Lacey: Actually, I did. Last weekend.
Jack: Gah! I can't find anything for us to do on date night!
Lacey: That's okay. We can stay in, make food and chill.
Jack: We did that last time.
Lacey: It was fun!
Jack: It's not very date-ish!
Lacey: It works for me!
Jack: Alright then! Wine or beer?
Lacey: Hmmm, wine. I was just at the beer fest and I'm all beered out.
Jack: LOL didn't think that was possible!
Lacey: Hey!
Jack: LOL!
Summary: Lacey saw the Queen movie last weekend. She and Jack will have some wine for their date.
Dialogue: Ramona: hi Fabs, guess where we are now.
Fabian: Home.
Ramona: haha funny
Ramona: we're on holiday in Venice
Fabian: !!!
Ramona: you did erasmus here right?
Fabian: not really
Fabian: it was in Padova
Ramona: oh crap
Ramona: I was going to ask you for reccomendations
Ramona: we're looking for a place to eat
Fabian: I can help with that
Fabian: Padova is not so far away from Venice, we went there a couple of times
Fabian: there's this big square
Ramona: Piazza San Marco?
Fabian: shut up
Fabian: it's called Campo Santa Margherita
Fabian: it's where all the students go
Fabian: there's a pizza place called PIZZA AL VOLO
Fabian: quite cheap, only there's not place to sit. You just buy and eat on the square
Ramona: sounds nice, but it's raining
Fabian: oh
Fabian: then I can reccomend you to go to Padova
Ramona: haha funny
Ramona: not really
Summary: Ramona is on holiday in Venice now. Fabian was on Erasmus in Padova, but visited Venice several times. Fabian recommends a pizza place in Venice at Ramona's request. It's raining.
Dialogue: Janette: did you see their tweets?
Giselle: noooo, what's there?
Janette: they're so stupidly written!
Giselle: but you mean the offcial ones?
Janette: yeah of course!
Giselle: i listen
Janette: so, firstly they use his first name instead of his title
Giselle: oh
Janette: secondly… well… they're just written badly!
Giselle: oh not everyone has studied journalism as you haha!
Janette: I knooow but I just can't read it
Giselle: don't do it!
Janette: I have to, it's my work xd
Giselle: maybe they should hire you?
Janette: well if they'd pay nice money… I'm in!
Giselle: so apply! Check if they have free jobs
Janette: oh no it'd be crazy, I love my current job
Giselle: but sometimes it drives you crazy, you said that!
Janette: I know but at the same time… I just love it :D
Giselle: you're just crazy Janette hahah
Summary: Their tweets are badly written. Janette dislikes having to read their tweets as part of her job. Janette would not like to change her job.
Dialogue: Rose: Omg I am sitting here with Braden
Rose: we're talking about Eric Freeze 
Damien: Eric Freeze?
Rose: Yeah 
Rose: U remember him
Damien: Isnt he the guy from last year
Damien: He lived down the hall on our floor
Rose: yes that's him xdd
Damien: He was ridiculous
Damien: What happened to him? 
Rose: He dropped out of school
Rose: We just talked about how drunk he was
Rose: Once we got back from McDonalds
Rose: And he was so hungry he carried McDonalds like a baby 
Damien: Haha I 
Damien: I do remember that xd
Summary: Rose is talking with Braden about Eric Freeze, who dropped out of school. He was very drunk and hungry once and carried McDonalds like a baby.
Dialogue: Jo: I'm having real writers block at the moment
Ally: why?
Jo: I dnt no
Ally: take some time out
Jo: cnt rlly
Ally: why do you have a deadline:
Jo: sort of
Ally: take a 10 min meditation then that will help.. go get a glass of ice water
Jo: yes
Ally: then just sit back and close your eyes and imagine you are in your happy place
Jo: ill try that
Ally: it works for me tho I usually drift off for longer lol
Jo: I cn spare half hr lol x
Summary: Ally's advice to a writers block is a 10-minute meditation.
Dialogue: Kate: I'll be 15 min late, had to wait for the bus:/
Kate: Sorry.
Anna: No worries, I will wait inside. 
Anna: I'm almost there.
Kate: Ok, I'll give you a call once I get there.
Summary: Anna will wait inside for Kate, who is late as she had to wait for the bus.
Dialogue: Marta: <file_gif> 
Preston: Haha 
Preston: My fave gif 
Marta: Haha mine too
Summary: Marta and Preston like the gif
Dialogue: Fiona: <file_photo>
Fiona: The blue one or the red one?
Howie: Definitely the blue one.
Summary: Howie recommended Fiona to go for the blue one.
Dialogue: Henning: You wanna hear something weird?
Max: yes, always!
Henning: Recently somehow we talked about waiters/waitresses. And the Louis's interpretation was that in Italy they are so nice, because they are so lowly and cannot afford to be demanding and have to be servile, basically.
Henning: And in France they are arrogant, because they can afford it.
Henning: Somehow, because their status is higher.
Max: LOL. Another beautiful theory - nationalist in its core, after all.
Henning: And I agree with neither the first nor the second assessment.
Max: me neither. Being honest I don't see huge differences throughout Europe. It happens to me to meet a very nice waiter here and there, and grumpy people as well
Henning: No, so far i find Italian waiters much nicer and much less professional than in Germany. But I wouldn't venture any theories about the countries.
Max: Jakob (the Slovene) told me after coming back from Berlin that waiters there are so much less nice than here in Italy. While Jakob (the Pole) always complains about them being so rude in comparison with Poland.
Henning: Berlin is a big city though
Max: And I am starting to think that all those theories say more about their authors than about the waiters and the countries. They are always nationally framed, which is stupid
Henning: Maybe. Also our position, when I am in a restaurant in Germany I am often with my family, in Italy with a bunch of fun young, foreign people.
Max: Paris is a different world than Bretagne I assume. In a small village. Of course, there is more of talking, touching, joking in Italy. But people in Germany, in Landshut are also more talkative than in Munich. That's all, I believe. Aaso it depends how touristic the place is, etc.
Max: It's also about the general culture of eating out, talking to waiters, anonymity of the big city. 
Max: Especially between societies as diverse and generally as similar as France and Italy, just think about Genova and Nice!
Max: just bullshit! Luis is so communists but keeps blushing conservative and nationalist stuff.
Max: And in Poland they are sometimes super nice - new American-style capitalist and servile and sometimes the "communist" remnants.Throwing your plate in front of you with a hostile "proszĘ" with a long accent on the hiper-correct "ę".
Max: And then one is confused about his/her judgements and builds new ones. But maybe we just don't need to read everything through this national framework. I agree that there is a lot about it, or about culture/climate/language/whatever, but we just exaggerate all the time.
Max: even me! The single biggest anti-nationalist of Europe 🤣
Henning : Hehe, you got passionate!
Max: a bit
Summary: Max thinks that waiters/waitresses shouldn't be framed by their nationality. 
Dialogue: Konrad: My brother has played fortnite for sometime too but now we are kinda League of Legends.
Tom: I’ve never heard of that.
Konrad: It’s very popilar game. It’s like the second most popular game int the world.
Konrad: An I would like to ask you if you can send me a message when you arrive tomorrow at the hotel. So that I will be able to take you from there.
Tom: What hotel will I be arriving at?
Tom: Our teacher has not told us  much about what is happening tomorrow.
Konrad: It is called Olimpia.
Konrad: I was wondering if you know sth about your arrival but there’s no problem.
Tom: We are just told our departure and arrival times from Dublin Airport. 
Konrad: So what is your arrival timw then? 
Konrad: *time
Tom: 20:45
Konrad: Thanks.
Konrad: I was told that you arrive at the hotel at 22:30 or 23:00. Something in those lines.
Summary: Konrad wants to take Tom from the Olimpia hotel when he arrives there. Tom departs from Dublin airport at 20:45 and he will be at the hotel between 22:30- 23:00.
Dialogue: Lucy: What's an eight tract tape?
Arlo: A what?
Lucy: An eight tract tape! 
Lucy: Spotify keeps talking about it.
Arlo: Well, let me google that for you...
Lucy: Smartass...
Arlo: Well!
Arlo: It is exactly what it says. A cassette with a tape in it that has music recorded to eight tracks.
Lucy: Weird.
Arlo: They were popular in the 70's but replaced by cassette tapes.
Lucy: What's that?
Arlo: You are such a baby!
Lucy: Sorry!
Arlo: Another, smaller tape style way to listen to music.
Lucy: Oh. So they were sticky?
Arlo: No! God!
Arlo: <file_other>
Lucy: Oh, weird! You had to rewind?
Arlo: Yep.
Lucy: Much better now!
Arlo: Maybe... I miss the art and actually holding the music in your hand, but whatevs.
Arlo: And miss listening to a whole album, as intended.
Lucy: Mkay...whatever! 
Summary: Arlo googled what an 'eight-track tape' is. 
Dialogue: Jen: Seems I might have acquired a slave by accident.
Jane: How do you acquire a slave by accident?
Jen: By trolling the internet of course! LOL
Jen: It's amusing. Not sure if I'm into it though but it good fun for the moment.
Jane: Careful you always break all your toys ;-)
Jen: You're right... LOL
Jane: Somewhere in the deep dark corners of the web there's a room full of broken men with your name scrawled across their bodies.
Jen: Hahaha!
Jen: I'm not that evil ;-)
Jen: Well... maybe... sometimes...
Jane: That's what all witches say ;-)
Jane: So what's this new one like?
Jen: Submissive...
Jane: Obviously LOL
Jen: A bit dim witted but OK to look at.
Jane: Good eye candy never hurt anyone!
Jen: It certainly helps if the brains are not there.
Jane: Ain't that the truth!
Jen: I better run. I said I'd meet him for dinner tonight at 8pm.
Jane: Good luck! Have fun!
Summary: Jen met a guy online. She wants to date him for fun. She is having dinner with him tonight at 8 PM.
Dialogue: Bart: so are you guys going for new years eve to where Greg proposed?
Bart: i am curious
Matthew: i am still not sure, it's a long ride
Mike: yeah me neither
Mike: did you check how to get there?
Bart: yeah, fuck that it's like 6 hour drive
Bart: and it will be even worse on the way back
Matthew: lol, then i am definitely not going
Matthew: we will spend more time in the freaking car than having
Bart: no shit lol, and he said it's close hahaha
Mike: hahaha, that was bullshit
Mike: Matt how about you throw a party?
Matthew: i was talking with Meggy already
Matthew: i think it's possible to do it at our place
Bart: that would be perfect lol, 5 minute walk for us :D
Mike: exactly, convince her dude
Matthew: i will do my best boys :D
Summary: They are not going to celebrate New Year's Eve at the place Greg proposed because it is too far. Matthew might be able to organise a party at his place after consultation with Meggy.
Dialogue: Mark: r u home already?
Fylis: yes
Mark: good, goodnight
Fylis: :)
Summary: Fylis is home already.
Dialogue: Juanita: I saw you on TV!😍
Trey: (*^0^*)(*^0^*)Hehe...did you?(*^0^*)
Juanita: You looked so cool. I didn't know you sing that well11111 (^<^) (^.^)
Trey: Thanks. 
Trey: I didn't expect you would watch that program.
Juanita: Why didn’t you even let me know?
Juanita: All of our family members watched TV together.😍😍
Juanita: I was so proud of you! (^^ゞ
Summary: Juanita saw Trey singing on a TV show.
Dialogue: Bridget: Portishead? Xxx
Clare: 😊 similar
Bridget: Whitsunday Island?
Clare: Spot on 😃
Bridget: So beautiful. It’s on my ever growing list 😜
Clare: One of the most memorable for me and a change from Asia 😃
Bridget: Think thats my no 1 fave Whitehaven Beach  ❤
Clare: Yep. Mine too 😄
Bridget: Stunning 
Summary: Bridget and Clare like Portishead, Whitsunday Island and Whitehaven Beach.
Dialogue: Greg: Sienna, have you seen my laptop today in the class? 
Sienna: What did it look like?
Greg: Well it was black color Acer laptop.
Sienna: I guess John was carrying an Acer laptop in his bag.
Greg: yep i remembered. I left it at the cafe while having a cup of coffee with John and he might have picked it up.
Sienna: Yeah, he might have.
Greg: Thank you Sienna
Sienna: No problem
Summary: Greg left his black Acer laptop at the cafe today. John was seen with it by Sienna so he probably picked it up.
Dialogue: Julia: How did u find out?
Gail: Spying on ppl, remember?
Julia: So?
Gail: I was browsing thru her posts and saw one in which u and a bunch of other ppl were not supposed to see.
Julia: U can do that?
Gail: On Facebook? Sure! Just restrict the post to certain ppl or group and no one else will see it.
Julia: Gotta check it out. So what was in the post?
Gail: She was blabbering about how she's frustrated with all the food and fitness and everything on Facebook posts.
Julia: But did she mention me specifically?
Gail: No.
Julia: That's ok then.
Summary: Gail was browsing through her Facebook posts. She was complaining about food and fitness.
Dialogue: Agnes: <file_video>
Mia: Haha, you're the worst dancer I've ever seen!
Agnes: I know! But we've had so much fun! You've got to join us next time.
Fran: Just promise we won't have to dance XD
Mia: Don't worry, you can't be any worse than her. It's simply impossible :D
Agnes: You're not my friend anymore! :D
Summary: Mia should join Agnes and Fran when they go dancing next time.
Dialogue: Eric: <photo_file>
Frank: finally
Debra: I think they were a couple earlier
Debra: Only now they announced it on FB
Frank: They are made for each other
Frank: I don't understand why they waited so long to be together 
Eric: It's not everyone's goal to be in a relationship 
Summary: Eric shares a Facebook post of their friends finally announcing their relationship. Frank thinks they are perfect for each other.
Dialogue: Julia: How was your birthday?
Mark: Hi! It was great, thanks. :D
Julia: Did you receive anything?
Mark: Yeah, many presents like: tickets to the cinema, sweets, perfume, cash and free beer in the evening. :D
Julia: Haha! Of course! Did you drink like a lot?
Mark: You don't want to know the answer. :D
Summary: Julia wants to find out about Mark's birthday. Marks really liked it and got many presents and had a lot to drink.
Dialogue: Donna: Mom wil be picking you up a little bit later today ok hun?
Wesley: Ok.. Everything alright?
Donna: Yes, have to pick up the laundry so I'll be 15 minutes late.
Wesley: No problem Mom, I'll be waiting.
Summary: Donna tells Wesley that she will pick him up today 15 min later.
Dialogue: Tina: I am watching some stupid breakfast show and working
Monica: yeah
Tina: and I hear they prepared a material about little Sammy, who has a broken spine
Monica: saad
Tina: and he had a surgery and is now in rehabilitation
Monica: Good for Sammy
Tina: and then I look up and Sammy is a…...DOG
Monica: AHAHAHAA omg 21st century :D:D
Summary: Tina's watching a breakfast show about a dog with a broken spine.
Dialogue: Max: Joe are you there
Max: we changed the location
Max: heeeeeeeeeeelloooo
Joe: I'm here I see!!
Summary: Max and the other's have changed the location. Joe is here.
Dialogue: Mary: <file_photo>
Mary: me all my entire life
Jane: xDDDD I just died
Suzan: goddamit, I just spit out the entire tea on the floor xD
Mary: hahaha that's the spirit
Jane: just breath XD
Mary: <file_photo>
Jane: saw it yesterday xDD
Suzan: jesus christ im trying to breath, plz stahp xddd
Jane: do it then xd hey, maybe we'll go somewhere tomorrow?
Mary: sounds cool, I'm definitely in
Suzan: I'm also in, if I get my breathing back xd
Summary: Mary, Jane and Suzan are going to go out tomorrow.
Dialogue: Dad:  Hello love can I pop over to collect my drill?
Sue: Hi dad, yes of course what are you drilling?
Dad: I just need to fix this bloody towel rail in the downstairs loo
Sue:  Well Im in all afternoon
Dad:  ok love I should be over for 3, will the boys be back from school?
Sue: Thomas will be but Harry is going to football practice straight from school
Sue: you can stay for tea if you like?
Dad: Can I let you know later love?
Sue: Yes of course see up after 3 xxx
Summary: Dad wants to come over to Sue's to collect his drill, which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs. Sue will be at home all afternoon. Dad will pop in at about 3. Thomas will be back from school then, and Harry will have football practice. Sue invites her dad for tea, he will let her know later.
Dialogue: Hunter: Wanna have a pint?
Evan: now?
Nicholas: always!
Evan: hahaha
Hunter: no, after work
Nicholas: why not now?
Nicholas: I'm disappointed
Evan: :LOL
Hunter: I'm free at 7
Evan: 7 is good, we can go directly from the office
Nicholas: I won't be free till 8
Nicholas: if you wait for me it would be nice
Evan: just join us whenever you're free
Evan: doesn't make much sense to wait
Nicholas: ok, right
Summary: Hunter and Evan will meet at 7 for a beer. Nicholas will join them at 8.
Dialogue: Sarah: I think I have bedbugs in my luggage....
Ruth: Oh no! They are really hard to eliminate once they enter the house.
Judith: Make sure to disinfect everything... 
Ruth: I had them once. It was a nightmare....
Summary: Sarah might have bedbugs in her luggage. She will need to disinfect everything.
Dialogue: Jacob: hey guys! I’ve got a question Would you go vegan?
Rob: why are you asking?
Jacob: my girlfriend is vegan so she insists i go vegan as well
Sam: haha! I can’t imagine you being a vegan!
Jacob: this is serious! 
Sam: does she eat any eggs or cheese?
Rob: vegans don’t eat any animal products
Sam: so there you go!
Rob: why don’t you give it a go and see yourself if it fits you?
Jacob: I tried some of her meals and they were very tasty!
Rob: there are some meat like products 
Jacob: yeah, i know!
Sam: i can’t imagine my life without a juicy steak!
Summary: Jacob's girlfriend insists he become a vegan so he might give it a try. Rob is supportive of this.
Dialogue: Emma: well I cannot believe it
Victoria: what happened
Emma: my train was delayed 110 minutes
Sophia: geez
Emma: and so I decided to not to go today
Emma: I'll arrive in the morning, there's an early train
Emma: I hope it doesn't get delayed...
Victoria: all right
Sophia: damn those trains, always something
Emma: tell me about it
Summary: Emma's train was delayed 110 minutes, so she decided not to go today. She will take an early train and arrive in the morning. 
Dialogue: Jeremy: Hey sunshine, how was your day?
Lisa: quite hectic
Jeremy: I miss you so much
Lisa: me too :( I'll be back home this weekend so we can meet
Jeremy: I can't wait!
Summary: Lisa had a hectic day. She will be back home this weekend and she will meet Jeremy. 
Dialogue: Ray: help some hobo is hanging out by my front door and won't leave
Daniel: call the cops
Ray: can I? he's not doing anything
Jaden: right, i don't know if that counts as trespassing
Ronnie: maybe try to wait it out
Ray: i hope he doesn't want to sleep there
Summary: Ray is disturbed by a hobo outside his front door refusing to leave.
Dialogue: Rachael: Evening!
Paul: All set for the meteor shower tonight?
Rachael: Yep, managed to see three last night :)
Rachael: I quite like to sit out and satellite spot, do yo have much light pollution?
Paul: It's not too bad here, just waiting for sunlight to go....
Paul: Would have never put u down as as a night sky watcher!
Rachael: There are lots of things that you wouldn't have put me down for :P
Rachael: It's still quite light here too. We're both pooped but it's too good an opportunity to waste sleeping.
Paul: Jeez.....
Paul: tis only 10pm!
Rachael: Yep....that's toddlerhood for you <emoticon_stuck_out_tongue> not complaining. 
Rachael: I hate parents who whine that it's oh so hard all the time!
Paul: That i can understand. I take my brothers minions every other weekend and it takes a week to recover!
Rachael: Have you seen anything yet?
Rachael: I saw two but had to come in to sort the kid. 
Rachael: Just waiting for him to fall back into a coma so i can go out again!
Paul: Saw one but its clouding over here so don't have much clear sky
Paul: :(
Rachael: The cloud really cleared up. Saw lots <emoticon_:smiley:>
Summary: Rachael and Paul are watching the meteor shower tonight. Rachael doesn't want to complain about having a kid, but Paul understands it.
Dialogue: Max: How is christmas?
Jeremy: Great, all the family came, in 3hours we all are going to our 2nd family
Max: It is so nice!
Jeremy: and you?
Max: I'm going to spend christmas only with my brother and mother
Jeremy: The only thing that counts is that you will spend it with your family
Max: You are right
Jeremy: I've got 3 brothers and all of them came so that's awesome
Max: You are lucky
Jeremy: Sorry, I need to go now, have a good day with your family
Max: Thank you, you too Jeremy.
Summary: Jeremy spends Christmas with hist family, his three brothers came. Max spends Christmas with his brother and mother.
Dialogue: Bret: Did you see the Bears score on Sunday? It was a good game but same old same old!
Julie: I did! Can you believe they scored that last TD? Talk about a miracle!
Bret: I no – this team could be so much better if they didn’t have such a lousy running game.
Julie: Yeah…
Summary: Julie and Bret discuss the Bears game they both saw on Sunday.
Dialogue: Don: I have to mention, I really didn't like your sister's boyfriend.
Sally: Don't worry, neither do I! 
Don: I'm not sure what she sees in him. He's just obnoxious!
Sally: Well, I wouldn't put it that way, but he certainly isn't nice.
Don: Understatement!
Sally: He's not attractive either.
Don: True!
Sally: He's good to her and she seems to be madly in love. That's what matters.
Don: I guess, but I still don't get it.
Sally: Not up to us to get it, just so she's happy.
Don: True and we can limit our time with him!
Sally: But I like being with my sister. Guess we'll have to make it sister time!
Don: I like your sister too but he's a pan.
Sally: Yes, not sure what to say.
Don: Well, it's fine. I'll just grin and bear it!
Sally: Is it bear it or bare it? LOL!
Don: No idea! Google to the rescue!
Sally: LOL!
Don: Yep, grin and bear it, means put up with it.
Sally: Good to know!
Don: Wouldn't want to spell anything wrong on our text! LOL!
Sally: Anal to the nth degree! 
Don: LOL! True!
Summary: Don and Sally don't like Sally's sister's boyfriend, but she's happy with him, so they'll have to put up with him.
Dialogue: Veronica: I feel like I haven't been eating fruits lately
Marla: Really?
Marla: Do you at least eat vegetables?
Veronica: I do!
Marla: Well there is nothing to worry about
Marla: I am cooking some veggie meals for the whole family rn
Marla: <file_photo>
Veronica: Wow it looks yummy!
Marla: Fruits aren't that great when you eat them at night
Veronica: How so? 
Marla: My coworker who knows about diet
Marla: told me that fruits makes you fat if you eat them at night
Veronica: Like really? 
Marla: Ye but Im not too sure haha I might bs
Veronica: I will look into that on google 
Summary: Marla cooks veggie meals for the whole family. Veronica eats vegetables but doesn't eat fruits lately. Marla found out from her coworker that fruits will make you fat when eaten at night, but Veronica is sceptical and will look it up on google.
Dialogue: Raz: Do you know we're having a get-together for Dominica and James on Sunday after church.
Peter: Oh, yeah? Cool. How long are they here till?
Raz: I'm not sure, maybe a week or 2.
Peter: You don't think they're gonna stay for Christmas?
Raz: I doubt it. Are you going to stay after church?
Peter: Yeah, of course. I haven't seen Dominica for like almost a year. Should I bring something?
Raz: Well, everyone is bringing something to eat. You can bring a salad, cake, some snacks, it's up to you.
Peter: Ok, I'll bring something. I'm really interested in seeing James. I don't know anything about him.
Raz: Yeah, well they got married back in August. Apparently, he's a really nice guy.
Peter: Ok, I'll see you Sunday. Bye.
Raz: Bye
Summary: On Sunday Raz and Peter are meeting with Dominica and James who got married recently.
Dialogue: Jane: Eve, did you go to Marywilska shopping centre with Caroline?
Jane: What outlet did Caroline talk about yesterday? The Star outlet?
Eve: yes, this one
Eve: We went there, I bought a dress.
Marilyn: show us
Eve: <file_photo>
Marilyn: nice
Marilyn: you look so slim!
Eve: and Caroline bought trousers.
Jane: I need to go there as theres nothing interesting in chain stores.
Jane: and how about the prices there? I saw on FB they are probably quite high.
Eve: Well, yes, they are. I dont know why Caroline likes this shop so much.
Jane: in other shops, they dont have this kind of clothes. 
Jane: I need something really special for my parents anniversary. Eve, help me, where to go.
Eve: I dont know. 
Eve: I bought this dress and Im happy with it. And Caroline bought trousers.
Jane: Ok. I will check it out if I find a moment over the wknd.
Eve: I also bought a skirt...
Eve: <file_photo>
Marilyn: quite different than your clothes.
Eve: This bottle green color is trendy now
Jane: Well, I prefer you wearing mini skirts.
Eve: You cant wear a mini for every occasion
Jane: true
Marilyn: ;)
Summary: Eve bought a dress and a skirt in The Star outlet and Caroline bought trousers. Jane wants to go there to buy something for her parents' anniversary, but is worried about the prices. Eve agrees that the prices are high.
Dialogue: Lia: Why did you do this to Tom?
Adam: C'mon it was just a bit of raillery.
Lia: you know he's Asperger's , he's problems to realise it.
Adam: he's is just an asshole, that's all
Lia: No, you're officially an asshole. 
Summary: Lia is angry at Adam for teasing Tom.
Dialogue: Diana: Hello
Diana: Did you manage to go to Quavo's concert
Dan: Hey
Dan: I wouldn't miss it for the world
Dan: It was dope as hell
Diana: Really?
Dan: Hell yeah
Dan: Just tell me we can go next time
Diana: Yeess❣❣
Summary: Dan enjoyed Quavo's concert. Dan and Diana want to go together next time.
Dialogue: Matthew: hey honey
Matthew: I'm listening to the radio now
Matthew: and they've just said that there was a massive accident
Matthew: near Queensboro Bridge
Nancy: oh shoot, I need to visit parents after work
Matthew: that's why I'm writing to you
Nancy: so I need to take a different road then
Nancy: and leave work earlier
Matthew: <file_gif>
Nancy: thx Matt :*
Summary: Nancy will visit her parents after work. Due to an accident in the area of Queensboro Bridge she will have to leave earlier and find an alternative route. 
Dialogue: Sylvia: Hi Isabella, thanks again for yesterday! 
Isabella: Thank YOU! The workshop was amazing! I wish we had one with you tomorrow, too! 
Sylvia: Glad to hear it, hope you'll find the methods practical.
Isabella: It was really food for thought. 
Sylvia: Can I ask you a favour?
Isabella: Yes, of course, what can I do for you? 
Sylvia: I didn't take a photo of your riddle and I liked it so much. Do you have a picture you could send over?
Isabella: The "Education" one? 
Sylvia: Exactly!
Isabella: Sure, here it comes: 
Isabella: <file_photo>
Sylvia: Oh, lovely, thanks so much! 
Summary: Sylvia held a workshop yesterday. Isabella attended the workshop and enjoyed it. Isabella send Sylvia a photo of an "Education" riddle. 
Dialogue: Agnes: Does Ann have a birthday today?
Mona: No, next Wednesday
Agnes: I had to make a mistake.
Agnes: Thanks!
Summary: Ann has a birthday next Wednesday. 
Dialogue: Ann: How are you doing? 
Ann: How is your back?
Agnes: Better
Agnes: Thanks God
Agnes: Had the specialist over
Agnes: I'm scheduled tomorrow as well 
Ann: :) 
Ann: And what about Gary? 
Agnes: he's changes his ass, fucking moron
Agnes: wants to meet, but not today
Ann: Why? 
Agnes: He can't today
Ann: nonsense
Agnes: I guess it was her who sent that message 
Ann: could be 
Agnes: we'll see what's up next
Ann: it is going to be okay
Ann: I'm sure 
Agnes: thanks 
Agnes: it's late, I'm going to bed
Ann: Bye! 
Agnes: Bye!
Summary: Agnes has an appointment with the specialist tomorrow for her back ache. She's angry at Gary because he's not available today to meet her. 
Dialogue: Michaela: Did I tell you how I got scammed???
Tiffany: No way!!
Michaela: Yeah... my bank account was drained
Pauline: Fuck. how much did they take?
Michaela: About 10.000....
Tiffany: How did it happen?
Michaela: I saw an add on ebay
Michaela: Someone was giving away kids toys for free 
Michaela: They said they didn't need them anymore.
Michaela: They only asked me to pay for delivery
Michaela: 7 pounds for the DHL
Michaela: They sent me a link to the "DHL" website which redirected me to my bank
Michaela: Both websites were fake as I later discovered 
Michaela: They got all my data
Michaela: After I paid for "delivery" they made a few transfers from my account 
Michaela: I was left with 0 pounds
Pauline: OMG that's horrible
Pauline: Did you call you bank? 
Michaela: Sure. I made a claim. 
Michaela: I also went to the police. 
Summary: Michaela got scammed. Somebody stole about 10.000 from her bank account by sending her a fake DHL link.
Dialogue: Rory: see u at the field after schhol
Moose: remember to bring snickers this time :)
Rory: ok, ok
Summary: Moose reminds Rory to bring his snickers to their meeting at the field.
Dialogue: Jack: hi could u meet me at 8am?
Karl: sure
Jack: i'll bring my large red suitcase
Karl: no don't, take the grey one, it's bigger
Jack: fine but are u sure we'll find room for it?
Karl: yep no prob
Summary: Jack and Karl will meet at 8 am. Jack will bring his large grey suitcase.
Dialogue: Jack: I'm so cold today, I miss sun!!!!!!
Alex: I know, me too
Megan: maybe we should go to some warm place for a week?
Alex: when?
Megan: like the beginning of February?
Jack: That would be amazing
Alex: but where? it's quite expensive
Megan: we can just look at special offers, and go there, where it is possible 
Megan: eg with condor
Megan: I've seen last week they had 199$ flights to Curacao 
Jack: ok, let's check
Alex: I will do it tonight and let you know
Megan: great, I'll ask a friends who works for Delta
Jack: 😊
Summary: Jack, Alex and Megan want to go somewhere warm for a week at the beginning of February. They will check for special offers. Megan suggests Curaco, she'll ask her friend at Delta.
Dialogue: Jerry: Hello. I just wanted to write and ask, what time is training tomorrow?
Larry: Training starts at 6:30.
Jerry: Ok, because there's no information on the website.
Larry: Yeah, I'm aware of the problem. There were some issues earlier today.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Larry: You're welcome. Don't forget your clothes for dryland training later on.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Summary: Larry answers Jerry that tomorrow's training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry to take his clothes for dryland training which takes place later on.
Dialogue: Don: be back home about 8
Sarah: ok, sth happened?
Don: no, just little late
Summary: Don will be home around 8.
Dialogue: Greg: can't log in
Sam: same, still in queue
Greg: 20000 people ahead, what's wrong with this game?
Sam: new event patch, you shouldn't be surprised by that anymore
Sam: it's always the same thing when they release a new event patch
Greg: still having to wait for so long just to log in
Sam: I'm more worried about the lack of estimated time
Sam: it just says 20000 people ahead
Sam: without any changes for like 10 minutes already
Greg: I guess we have to postpone our games for tomorrow
Sam: yeah it's probably the best thing to do
Sam: even if we manage to log in, I'm not sure how stable the servers would be
Summary: Sam and Greg decide to postpone their games until tomorrow as it is taking too long to log in. 
Dialogue: Gambino: cant beleive tomorrow is our album launch
Ciara: thank God bro
Gambino: yeah, we really have come from far
Ciara: so so far
Gambino: tomorrow we will be ok, i just feel it
Ciara: me too
Gambino: night night, please dont be late
Ciara: i wont.
Summary: Cambino asked Ciara not to be late for tomorrow's album launch.
Dialogue: Oliver: So, he starts walking without looking towards the lunch ladies.
Sid: He even tripped me over!
Victor: Yeah, saw that!
Oliver: And he started shouting and Jeannie!
Shanon: Rly? Y?
Victor: Something about that she knew, they were friends and she hadn't told him and so on.
Sid: One of the students told him to shut up.
Oliver: and then all hell broke loose.
Victor: He turned round and started yanking the student.
Sid: He was screaming and trying to defend himself, but couldn't. 
Oliver: Afk, he almost choked him.
Victor: I don't know what would have happened, hadn't Mr. Black come.
Shanon: So what happened next?
Oliver: Mr. Black grabbed him and dragged him out of the cafeteria!
Victor: He was shouting mother fucker this, mother fucker that.
Shanon: Creepy!
Oliver: You can say that again!
Shanon: Creepy!
Summary: Oliver, Sid and Victor are shocked by his behaviour at the cafeteria.
Dialogue: Nestor: <file_photo>
Nestor: I think this semester I won’t be able to resist enrolling in random seminars which I find interesting
Aida: Please DON’T
Aida: As a person who had always done it and always regretted in the end, I feel like you really shouldn’t
Aida: Ehem but I haven’t even asked which seminars
Aida: 😅
Nestor: History of imperialism in Latin America, Racism in Brasil (!!!), Critical Theory and many many many MOOORE
Aida: Oh sounds good, especially the one about racism
Aida: Perhaps you could just attend without enrolling?
Nestor: Mmmm
Aida: I thought you were thinking of an academic career and all these seminars are unrelated to your degree
Aida: Remember your grades are Sacred, your diploma has to be flawless, etc.
Nestor: AAAAAAA
Nestor: You’re touching on difficult subjects here
Aida:?!
Nestor: I’ve only got one A this year… Professors mostly refuse to give better grades than a B here :(
Aida: Fuckers. Sounds like the French system. Only the professor merits an A
Nestor: Something like that, actually our education system is very similar
Nestor: But I didn’t even want to talk about uni!!
Aida: Ooops 🤫
Aida: On a different note… I’m polishing my Portuguese listening to Ludmilla, do you know her? 🤣
Nestor: lol yeah
Nestor: They usually play her songs at parties, etc.
Nestor: But I don’t listen to her myself
Aida: Such a shame. I can’t stop singing “Hoje”. A smashing hit 🥁💥
Nestor: You should tots check out Pabllo Vittar if you happen to have discovered a craving for shitty music
Nestor: He’s really “good”
Aida: Interesting
Aida: Obrigada 😻
Summary: Nestor is thinking of taking History of imperialism in Latin America, Racism in Brasil, Critical Theory etc. at university. His grades aren't very good. Aida thinks Ludmila's songs are really bad. Nestor recommends listening to Pabllo Vittar.
Dialogue: Sophia: Matt, do you know Dilshaan? 
Matt: Hmm yea we were good buddies last year, why? 
Sophia: He added me on fb 
Matt: And you don't know him? xd
Sophia: Nope xd haha I see that you're both mutual friends
Matt: Maybe he likes you haha. He lives on the 4th floor
Sophia: Oh well, weird but I have to meet him in person first before adding him on fb
Matt: yeah idk why he just added you like that hahaha 
Summary: Matt and Dilshaan were good friends last year. Dilshaan added Sophia on facebook although she doesn't know him. Sophia won't add Dilshaan on facebook unless she meets him in person.
Dialogue: Darren: I'm at the taco shop, what d'ya want?
Dana: 3 baja tacos, thx!
Randy: no thanks, I already ate
Dana: and the green salsa, the spicy one
Ron: I don't care, pick whatever
Dana: and a diet coke
Darren: Ron and Randy, tell me what you want. I don't want u 2 to end up eating mine like always
Dana: can you also pick up some queso?
Darren: Ok, Dana, 3 baja, queso, diet coke. Anything else?
Ron: I don't really like tacos, can you pick up a pizza instead?
Darren: No. not on my way. We're having tex-mex today.
Ron: Geez. Fine.
Dana: you know what, can I have 2 baja and 1 brisket?
Randy: chicken quesadilla then
Darren: Dana, u sure? I'm about to order. RON?
Ron: chicken quesadilla too, easy
Dana: see if they still have that thing we had last time
Darren: No idea what you talking about. Ordering now.
Dana: just ask them
Darren: too late. last time I'm picking up food for you!
Ron: come on Dad. we looooove you!
Darren: I don't care
Summary: Darren is at the taco shop and offers to get something for his children. They have a problem with deciding. Dana takes 2 baja tacos, 1 brisket, queso and diet coke. Ron wants chicken quesadilla. 
Dialogue: Dagna: <file_video>
Dagna: me and my cat
Dagna: I took the video for you 😛
Nadine: caaaaaat 😻😻😻😻😻😻😻
Nadine: so cuteeee!!
Nadine: hahaha
Dagna: <file_photo>
Dagna: <file_photo>
Nadine: is this your dog Teresa??
Dagna: yes 🙃
Nadine: comfy on your bed I see haha
Dagna: yeah lol
Dagna: such a hard life 
Nadine: hahaha
Summary: Dagna sends Nadine a video of her cat and dog Teresa. 
Dialogue: Ken: <file_photo>
Ken: what do you think?
Lindsay: for his birthday? He'd love it!
Ken: or this one <file_photo>
Lindsay: ooo that one is better, nice!
Ken: ok i'll get this one then
Lindsay: what is your mum getting him?
Ken: don't know
Lindsay: maybe check so you don't double up...
Ken: cool, will do
Summary: Ken and Lindsay are looking for a birthday present for him.
Dialogue: Mary: Guys, where can I buy yerba mate?
Daniel: In the international supermarket 
Don: Yeah
Don: On mill road they have it
Mary: Thanks!
Mary: Next week I'm going to stock up
Mary: I'm running out of it
Summary: Mary is running out of yerba mate and wants to buy it next week. It can be bought in the international supermarket.
Dialogue: Ken: Hi mate, how are you today?
Ben: Simply pissed off.
Ken: Why?
Ben: Got sacked from work.
Ken: Why?
Ben: I didn't make the monthly sales targets.
Ken: Don't worry, you will find something.
Ben: I'm confident, I will.
Summary: Ben got laid off because of insufficient monthly sales. 
Dialogue: Cameron: So I've just found out I need to move out by the end of the next month :(
Matt: Whaaat? What happened?
Cameron: Well I got a call from our flat's owner that her son is moving back to town and he's gonna need the flat
Matt: But this is unfair, such short notice!
Cameron: I know, it's silly. I hate it.
Matt: You can always crash at my place :)
Summary: Cameron needs to move out by the end of the month as the flat's owner wants it back for her son.
Dialogue: James: hi guys, have you ever tired Tasty recipes?
Eve: Hi! I did, but only sweets
James: are there any good?
Eve: hm, I made a cheesecake and it turned out ok
Mark: don't make it! awfully sweet, you'll get diabetes just from one bite :/
Summary: Eve has tried Tasty recipes. She made cheesecake and it was ok. Mark thinks it's awfully sweet. 
Dialogue: Diana: Hello everyone! I have a problem with Othello. A week ago he developed a rash and we can't get rid of it
Diana: <file_photo>
Frank: Have you been to the vet?
Diana: Yes, he gave us an ointment, but it didn't work
Karen: Hm, did you do a blood test? It doesn't look good
Frank: What kind of ointment?
Diana: Something natural, I had it made by the pharmacist
Karen: You should do a blood test
Diana: Ok, I will, the vet said it may be just a feline acne, but it should have disappeared by now
Frank: I think Othello may be allergic to the ointment or something completely different. Is he scratching?
Diana: Hm... A bit, I don't know if more than ever, he's a cat ;)
Karen: Frank may be right. You should run a blood test for as many allergens as you can. My friend's cat had a similar rash and was scratching itself all the time. It turned out he was allergic to chicken
Diana: What?! A cat?! Allergic to chicken?
Karen: I know, right? But he was ok after they started buying him food without any trace of chicken
Frank: Wow, I've never heard of something like this. Go to a different vet Diana
Diana: I'm afraid I need to as that one was too interested in finding out what the problem was apparently. He didn't even mention it can be an allergic reaction
Karen: Let us know what you'll find out!
Summary: Diana's cat named Othello has had a rash for a week. The vet gave them a natural ointment which is ineffective. Karen and Frank think that Othello may be allergic to something. They advise Diana to change a vet and to do him a blood test.   
Dialogue: Heidi: That was strange
Zoe: ...
Amelie: I also have mixed feelings
Zoe: Totally weird
Summary: Heidi, Zoe and Amelie find it weird.
Dialogue: Hiram: <file_photo> 
Jane: Wow where was that
Laura: Nice shot! 
Hiram: Albania
Hiram: Thanks :) 
Summary: Hiram shares a picture taken in Albania. 
Dialogue: Susie: hey
Susie: I will be in shop today 
Susie: should I buy something for dinner? 
Libby: hmm 
Libby: maybe eggs 
Libby: and ham
Libby: I will prepare frittata 
Summary: Libby wants Susie to buy eggs and ham, she will prepare frittata for dinner.
Dialogue: Beth: hey, you know what's up with Dana?
Beth: I called her yesterday, today... she doesn't pick up my calls, I'm worried :(
Cristina: another failed IVF :(
Beth: oh dear... :(
Julia: I talked to her before weekend she's very depressed
Julia: honestly, I have no idea how to help her
Cristina: and her sister is pregnant again...
Beth: omg
Cristina: yeah... she doesn't want to talk to anyone right now
Cristina: Harry says she goes to work everyday and so on but she's very very sad and anxious :(
Julia: I can't even imagine what she's going through
Julia: Just want her to know we are here for her
Cristina: it was 3rd attempt and Harry says she doessnt want to try anymore
Beth: well I can understand that, after all these disappointments...
Cristina: plus its so expensive
Beth: they could apply for a refund but u know, thats not the real problem
Julia: it just seems so unfair
Julia: she wants it so much
Cristina: I think she just needs some time on her own now
Beth: you know, Dana is a bit of a control freak
Beth: dont mean this in a bad way
Beth: but this situation is out of her control, again and again. she did everything and it's not working, so its hard for her
Cristina: totally agree
Beth: ok, please let me know if you get any news
Cristina: okay I will
Julia: I will
Summary: Dana had a failed IVF and doesn't want to talk to anyone, she is depressed. Dana's sister is pregnant again. Cristina said it was Dana and Harry's third, and last attempt. Beth said that it's especially hard for Dana since she's a control freak.
