Dialogue: Cynthia: Hey
Cynthia: Do you think you can work extra this afternoon?
Cynthia: I need help on some reports
Sonia: Hey Cynthia
Sonia: Yes I have time ;) Just today?
Cynthia: Tomorrow and Friday too if you can
Sonia: Ok sure
Cynthia: Thanks
Summary: Sonia agrees to work extra hours helping Cynthia on some reports this afternoon, tomorrow and on Friday.
Dialogue: Ruth: hey, are we going to buy anything for Dev?
Mira: Hi 
Mira: Good idea
Ruth: no ideas yet :) just asking who's in
Mira: Me and Chris for sure
Martin: I've already bought him something but I can join you anyway
Ruth: what did you buy?
Martin: nothing special, just a book 
Ruth: okay. let's see who's in first 
Tamara: I want to participate too!
Tamara: but I dont know him so well, cant think of any ideas...
Mira: Dev loves hiking
Martin: how about some equipment?
Chris: hi guys, great idea! let's get him something big :)
Ruth: so who's going shopping? :)
Martin: you Ruth? :)
Ruth: ok but I'm not going alone!
Martin: I'm out of town till Friday night :(
Chris: l can go with you Ruth
Chris: Wednesday afternoon?
Ruth: that's perfect, thanks
Ella: hi all! Ruth I can't go with you on Wednesday but I have an idea. Dev needs a new backpack!
Ruth: thanks Ella! ok... Chris I'll definitely need your help with this :)
Ella: I would suggest a Deuter, at least. or something better
Chris: ok! :)
Martin: totally right ella I saw his old backpack lol
Ella: I know right? :)
Ruth: oh you mean the red one?!
Ella: the red and stinky one ;)
Summary: Martin has already bought a book for Dev. Martin is out off town till Friday. Chris, Ruth and Ella want to buy a new backpack on Wednesday afternoon.
Dialogue: Ari: It was great to have you here
Kai: thanks for your help and everything
Kai: it was really amazing
Ari: have you continued to Yazd?
Tim: yes, we're in Yazd now
Aldo: tomorrow we're planning to go to Esfahan
Ari: how is the weather there?
Tim: extremely hot
Ari: of course, it's desert
Kai: I like it a lot here
Kai: the place is amazing
Kai: especially the architecture, I've never seen anything like this
Ari: hehe, very different than Europe, I know
Summary: Kai, Tim and Aldo visited Ari. They are in Yazd now. Weather is hot in Yazd. Kai, Tim and Aldo will go to Esfahan tomorrow.
Dialogue: Andrew: When do the classes start today
Arthur: haven't you heard the news?
Andrew: no? what happened
Benjamin: The classes are cancelled, dr Morty is sick
Andrew: Too bad, I like having classes with him
Arthur: me2 but I will not complain :p
Summary: The classes are cancelled today, because dr Morty is sick.
Dialogue: Kevin: Hey, since you bought me this voucher for music classes, I wanted you to be first to hear my product :D
Kevin: <file_other>
Margaret: Hah. I'll listen to it in a minute. I'm finishing my meal.
Kevin: Enjoy your meal then!
Kevin: Let me know what you think when you'll hear it.
Kevin: I'm curious about your opinion.
Margaret: Sure! I'll let you know later.
Kevin: Bye.
Margaret: <3
Summary: Kevin shared his music with Margaret. She bought him a voucher for music classes. She's going to listen to it after her meal.
Dialogue: Franco: Ciao, guys
Jim: Hi
Pete: Hey
Franco: What's going on in the city centre today?
Pete: Don't you know? I thought Italians were only interested in soccer
Franco: Well, I'm the unusual Italian guy who's not ;)
Pete: It's Juventus vs. Liverpool!
Franco: Oh, all right. I don't care :D
Jim: You're the weirdest Italian I know
Summary: Franco is from Italy. There's a football game between Juventus and Liverpool today.
Dialogue: Harvey: I'm in a meeting, text me instead 
Mike: oh, sorry, just call me when you're out
Harvey: Okay then
Mike: Okay
Summary: Harvey can't respond to a call. Mike asks to be called back.
Dialogue: Oleg: Haha, all the corporations have their Christmas party today
Oleg: Everything is "booked for the whole night"
Filip: <file_photo>
Filip: Here is the atmosphere from mine ;)
Oleg: Fancy, Level 27?
Filip: No, The View
Filip: And to tell you the truth, it looks fancy, but the drinks are in plastic cups
Filip: And doing toasts with plastic cups just feels bad :(
Jacek: From what I heard even the chairs cost extra there
Filip: Well, it is really small...
Filip: I am glad I went once, but I won't be coming back not would I recommend it to anyone :P
Jacek: Like with most "high end" clubs :)
Summary: Filip is unimpressed with the fancy venue of his Christmas party at The View.  
Dialogue: Matthew: So why Dorota and Kinga aren't invited
Kristof: because they're bosses
Matthew: haha i see
Matthew: that's good 
Annie: I don't feel like going there with bosses
Annie: So ye good haha
Declan: It was a dumb question Matt
Matthew: XDXD
Matthew: Idk I just wanted to make sure
Declan: 🤣🤣🤣
Matthew: Ola is coming tho right?
Kristof: She is bro
Declan: 👍
Summary: Dorota and Kinga are not invited because they are bosses. Ola is coming.
Dialogue: Jade: Have you heard about the sex tape thats going around??
Beatrice: Wuut? What sex tape???
Jade: Some girl and guy filmed it on a roof of a building while they were doing it.
Beatrice: Oh I bet I know who it is...
Jade: Yep.. xD it can only be her ahahha but this is going to end bad for her.
Beatrice: Let's see how it ends up..
Summary: A sex tape was filmed on the roof of a building.
Dialogue: Quinn: Why didn't u tell me?
Ali: about what?
Quinn: that Terry is going out with Megan
Ali: I just find out too
Quinn: u should have told me as soon as u find out
Ali: but I told u
Quinn: I can't belive in this
Ali: what do u mean?
Quinn: how could he told me, just like that "hi, this is my new girlfriend"
Ali: he probablu thinks tht u r friends
Quinn: we are! but he should prepare me!
Ali: how?
Quinn: don't know but that hurt
Ali: calm down, he just didn't think it's a problem
Quinn: well, it is. ok talk to u later
Summary: Terry has a new girlfriend, and Quinn is very upset about it.
Dialogue: Nat: How are you doing?
Tom: Worse than I'd have thought.
Nat: Me too. My head is getting heavy.
Tom: I guess I'll call it a day. Whatever will be, will be...
Nat: You think so?
Tom: What's the point of sitting and struggling with your falling eyelids?
Nat: OK. I'm going to sleep too.
Tom: Yeah. See you before the exam.
Nat: Good night!
Tom: Good night!
Summary: Nat and Tom are too tired to continue studying for tomorrow's exam.
Dialogue: David: Hi 
Alysa: hi whos this?
David: this is David? met at club last night?
Alysa: hey David that was quick ?
David: yes.. you are so beautiful i couldnt resist messaging you
Alysa: ahan! so i am beautiful thats why you messaged me?
David: yes and also you are an amazing person so i wanted some of your amazing time
Alysa: you are seriously very quick 
David: that means yes?
Alysa: when did i say that?
David: but you didnt say no? 
Alysa: hmm.. i will think about it
David: ok tomorrow at the club 6pm then to a dinner at restaurant
Alysa: ?
David: yes i will be waiting see you than..
Alysa: lol i havnt seen anyone like you
David: i know i am unique :angel:
Alysa: yeah right!!!
David: Done?
Alysa: ok :)
Summary: David met Alysa at the club last night and wants to see her again. Alysa will see him tomorrow at the club 6 pm.
Dialogue: Lucy: You won't believe what I'm gonna say to you!
Nicole: What is it!?
Lucy: I've just won 2 tickets to a concert on the radio!
Nicole: Which one?
Lucy: You can guess 3 times :D 
Nicole: Why are you doing this to me?
Lucy: Come on, guess !
Nicole: I don't know! Beyonce?
Lucy:...And who is your favourite singer?
Nicole: ED SHEERAN <3 !
Lucy: Yeaaaah
Nicole: I hope you will give the 2nd ticket to your favourite friend?
Lucy: Of course because I can't imagine going to this concert without you :*
Nicole: You;re the best!
Lucy: That will be so much fun
Nicole: I can't wait for it
Summary: Lucy has just won 2 ticket to an Ed Sheeran concert is going to go with Nicole.
Dialogue: Nick: check this out!!
Nick: <file_photo>
Mark: Cool! How did you get it??
Nick: It's my b-day present from Ann
Mark: She must love you like crazy :D
Nick: nice, huh?
Mark: Will you take me for a ride??
Nick: sure :D
Nick: <file_gif>
Mark: I'm so jealous, man!!
Summary: Nick got a cool birthday present from Ann. He will take Mark for a ride.
Dialogue: Steve: Hi Danny, you went out?
Danny: i'm at the supermarket
Steve: could you buy some more milk?
Steve: ok! 2 bottles?
Summary: Danny is at the supermarket. He will buy 2 bottles of milk at Steve's request.
Dialogue: Melissa: What you wearing for Halloween?
Margerie: Not really sure.. I want to go as something diferent this year..
Melissa: Wanna go to the Mall and see what's out there?
Margerie: Good idea! It will be fun.
Summary: Melissa and Margerie are going to the Mall to check out some Halloween costumes. 
Dialogue: Marion: What is the plan for tomorrow?
Mary: We want to hike a bit
Marion: where?
Tim: in the Jandia Peninsula
Liam: wanna join?
Marion: I don't feel like walking tomorrow
Marion: so we can just meet afterwards to eat something
Liam: ok, but where?
Marion: in Morro Jable?
Liam: sounds good, not far from the path
Marion: exactly 
Marion: what time do you want to start?
Liam: around 12
Marion: so you won't be done before 5
Tim: you think so?
Marion: I'm sure, i've done all the paths on this island
Mary: hahaha, ok
Marion: it's a very beautiful place, you'll love it
Marion: and write me when you're done
Mary: ok
Summary: Mary, Tim and Liam are hiking tomorrow in the Jandia Peninsula. They'll start at 12. Marion has done all the hikes on the island. She'll meet them later in Morro Jable. They will write her when they finish.
Dialogue: Simona: hey dennis, how was your day canvassing?
Dennis: good. we had our share of doors slammed in our faces, but also managed to really connect with some people
Simona: good! how long were you out there?
Dennis: 5 hours. i'm exhausted. not easy talking to people all day
Simona: no, i can imagine
Dennis: what are you doing right now?
Simona: watching some John Oliver
Dennis: oh nice. is that last nights episode?
Simona: yes. its a good one.
Dennis: i thought so too. very on point
Simona: it was the season finale unfortunately. 
Dennis: bummer. we'll have to wait a while for the next season
Simona: yeah
Summary: Dennis has been talking to people for 5 hours and he was able to find a common ground with some of them, others rejected him. Simona's watching the last episode of John Oliver now.
Dialogue: Ann: Hi July :) Any plans for 2night?
July: I'm going to the Cinema with Gus. U can go with us if u want.
Ann: i wish but I've to buy new dishwasher for my mom. 
July: Oh, I see. 
July: If u need any help I'll call Gus and we will help u.
Ann: Really?! You are great! :x
July: No problem sis :x
Summary: July and Gus are going to the cinema tonight. Ann has to buy a new dishwasher for her mom.
Dialogue: Lynn: You know what... I think I need to look for a new job asap
Betty: omg, why?
Betty: anything happened?
Lynn: its getting worse and worse:(
Lynn: the new manager is putting so much pressure on us. 
Lynn: I dont think I can stand it anymore, its too much for me
Gabriela: Im so sorry, Lynn... I thought you quite liked it
Lynn: I did
Lynn: but things have changed
Betty: I understand
Betty: but maybe you should try to talk to her. Tell her that the job is important, that you care but you're stressed
Betty: do you think it'd work?
Lynn: I dont really know... Im scared to talk to her
Lynn: cant even think of that
Gabriela: and how about the other people in your team?
Gabriela: did you talk to them?
Lynn: yes but theyre afraid to talk too
Lynn :(
Betty: its best when you try to talk to her
Betty: of course you can look for sth new in the meantime
Gabriela: I agree
Gabriela: start searching now, no stress yet
Lynn: maybe
Lynn: thx
Lynn: :*
Summary: Lynn is afraid to talk to her manager about her work stress. She might look for a new job.
Dialogue: Beth: I've got a free ticket
Beth: anyone wants to see Roma on the big screen?
Percy: I've seen it already on Netflix
Tim: me too but I can go with you Beth
Beth: wonderful, it's always better to watch films with a friend :)
Summary: Tim can go with Beth to see 'Roma' at the cinema. Percy has already seen 'Roma' on Netflix.
Dialogue: Rivka: How do you like your neighborhood
Coen: I dont like them much
Rivka: Why is that so?
Coen: They are so mean like they play songs at loud music even late night
Rivka: Maybe you can request them to slow down the volume
Coen: We have tried to do so
Rivka: Why dont you ask your mother to visit their place?
Coen: I will
Summary: test
Dialogue: Victoria: My brother told me he voted out, what a dick :/
Daniel: Hm, I'm not surprised to be honest
Emily: Uhm, isn't he aware that you work abroad
Victoria: Well, apparently he's not interested in my future - unless he can really fuck it up :/
Will: My parents voted out as well, I don't get it
Daniel: And look what happens, we're like a crazy cat waiting in front of an open door not knowing if we should get out or no
Emily: Don't even get me started on this, most of my friends didn't even know what EU is
Will: Jesus, people are so dumb
Victoria: My brother still doesn't understand "what this is all about"
Summary: Victoria's brother and Will's parents voted in favor of Brexit. 
Dialogue: Frank: Hey Robert. Who's that girl that came with you to the party?
Marlene: Tell us. Who's that gorgeous lady?
Robert: We just started dating...
Robert: She's an actress 
Frank: Cool. How did you meet her?
Robert: On Tinder
Frank: I wish I had that luck. 
Summary: Robert is dating an actress that he met on Tinder.
Dialogue: Nick: Hello Professor Thomas. 
Thomas: Hello Nick. Anything I can do for you?
Nick: Yes. I was absent last class and I have a question about Friday's quiz. Will it cover Chapter 7?
Thomas: The quiz will cover chapters 4 through 6.
Nick: Ok, so genetic mutations will not be included, correct?
Thomas: Well, we covered some of that material in chapter 6, so you can expect something on that?
Nick: Ok, I understand. And how about mitosis?
Thomas: Nick, I suggest you read chapters 4 through 6.
Nick: I know, but I was away last class and sometimes you hand out additional materials.
Thomas: Yes, there was an additional handout, but please contact one of your peers to get a copy.
Nick: Ok, will do. Thank you very much, and sorry to bother you with these texts.
Thomas: No problem. Take care and we'll see you Friday.
Nick: Ok, have a great afternoon.
Thomas: Thank you, the same to you.
Summary: Nick asks Thomas about Friday's quiz. It will cover chapters 4 through 6. Nick will contact his peers to get additional materials.
Dialogue: Greg: I'm worried about Hubert.
Rob: Why?
Jack: Me too.
Greg: Since he started dating Marco he has changed so much
Greg: He's not himself anymore
Jack: He used to be so joyful
Jack: Now he's silent
Rob: True
Rob: We barely see him 
Rob: Do you think he's unhappy?
Greg: Possible.
Jack: Maybe we should talk to him
Greg: I've tried already...
Greg: He thinks everything is good. 
Summary: Greg and Jack are worried about Hubert. Hubert seems to be too silent since he started dating Marco. Greg talked to Hubert, but Hubert says everything is alright.
Dialogue: Troy: Have you heard the latest speculations about Avengers 4?
Billy: Nope, I'm writing my thesis right now, haven't checked out any of that nerdy stuff over the past few days
Troy: Why don't you write a thesis on the Avengers movies then?
Billy: Hah, that would be nice
Troy: Something like, you know, "The Power Gap. Renegotiating Superhero Power Levels and Gender Discrimination in the Marvel Cinematic Universe"
Billy: Hah, you know, my gf is a feminist, she wouldn't like that type of jokes
Troy: Oh come on, don't be a soyboy!
Billy: I have the disturbing feeling that you're watching too many political videos on YouTube, man
Troy: No, I'm just trolling you
Billy: Well, as fun as being trolled by a friend may be, I really need to return to my thesis
Troy: Hey, what's the title of your thesis again? I forgot, sorry
Billy: Too many YouTube videos got you distracted
Troy: Guess so
Billy: Ok, it's "Conspiracy Theories and Shakespeare: from Umberto Eco to Disney's Gargoyles"
Troy: Wtf, I still think Avengers 4 would be a better topic
Billy: Then wait until I write my doctoral thesis a few years from now, lol
Summary: Billy is writing his thesis. Troy proposes controversial topic concerning Avengers. Billy doesn't approve of that idea, because his girlfriend is a feminist.
Dialogue: Watson: Hey Bella, please tell me some interviewing skills..
Bella: Do you have an interview??
Watson: Yeah i have one tomorrow.
Bella: its no big deal. Meet me at 4 pm.
Watson: Bella , you are a true friend.
Bella: Stop it. Be on time
Watson: Yeah sure. Thank you
Bella: No problem
Summary: Watson has an interview tomorrow and wants to learn interviewing skills. Bella and Watson will meet tomorrow at 4 PM.
Dialogue: Jo: I'm having real writers block at the moment
Ally: why?
Jo: I dnt no
Ally: take some time out
Jo: cnt rlly
Ally: why do you have a deadline:
Jo: sort of
Ally: take a 10 min meditation then that will help.. go get a glass of ice water
Jo: yes
Ally: then just sit back and close your eyes and imagine you are in your happy place
Jo: ill try that
Ally: it works for me tho I usually drift off for longer lol
Jo: I cn spare half hr lol x
Summary: Ally's advice to a writers block is a 10-minute meditation.
Dialogue: Suzie: what's your favorite flower?
Kim: hyacinth 
Kim: <photo>
Suzie: i've got some in my garden
Kim: you can always give me some ;) in two weeks there's going to be my birthday :)
Suzie: hahaha
Suzie: sure!
Summary: Kim has a birthday in two weeks. Her favourite flower is hyacinth. Suzie has hyacinths in her garden, so she will give them to Kim for her birthday.
Dialogue: Roger: Hi Mandy, thanks for the stilton you dropped round earlier.
Mandy: You're welcome, dad. Sorry I missed you
Roger: I didn't get out of the office till seven. very thoughtful gift, you know I like stilton. So kind of you to buy it for me.
Mandy: Well, I didn't actually buy it, dad.
Roger: No? 
Mandy: I won it.
Roger: Really? 
Mandy: Yes. in the Company Christmas party.
Roger: How did that happen?
Mandy: We had a cheese tasting competition. One of our clients is Eurocheese, and the boss thought it was a good way to cement the business.
Roger: You had to guess the cheeses?
Mandy: That's right. Three rounds. In the first round everyone took part, there were ten pieces of cheese marked one to ten, and you could see them and write on your piece of paper what you thought they were. 
Roger: What happened then?
Mandy: The second round was just the best ten of the answers from round one. The cheeses were rarer so I don't think they wanted to give out too many pieces of them. Stuff like Wensleydale, Tilsiter. There were only five and I can't remember them all.
Roger: and what about the final round.
Mandy: That was the best three from the second round, with blindfolds on, up in the front. Three cheeses to guess with no clues.
Roger: And you got them all? 
Mandy: It was not so hard. I knew what cheeses they were selling hardest so it wasn't too difficult to second guess what would be in the final. Chevre, Port Salut, Stilton.
Roger: So you won first prize?
Mandy: No, the two runner ups got these stiltons for Christmas, I was one of them with Tracey from accounts. Dan won and got a whole cheeseboard.
Roger: Still, joint second is a very good achievement, isn't it?
Mandy: Yeah. Especially given the fact that I can stand the stuff and never eat it.
Roger: If you guessed them all, how come you didn't win first prize?
Mandy: Dan knew the full name of that chevre cheese. 
Summary: Roger got a Stilton from Mandy, who won it in a cheese tasting competition at Christmas party. In a three round competition, Mandy guessed all the cheeses, but got a second place after Dan.
Dialogue: Gareth: Hi mate. You coming swimming tomorrow?
Eddie: Bit chilly for it, man! Might take a rain check.
Gareth: Don't feel it once you get going, come on! I hate going there on my own.
Eddie: Well, I'm not going in my Speedos, winter wetsuit time!
Gareth: I agree! See you 7ish by the Upper Pond. Can't wait!
Eddie: Right! Hmm, see you bright and early.
Summary: Eddie and Gareth are going swimming tomorrow 7ish by the Upper Pond.
Dialogue: John: Yo homie,
John: Did I leave my zippo at your apartment?
Nate: No. 
Nate: I didn't see it anywhere here.
John: Shit.
John: I lost zippo lighter with sentimental value.
Nate: That's a shame
Nate: Try searching your pockets
John: I did.
John: Didn't find it tho
Nate: That's the problem with lighters, Sorry for your loss.
John: Oh come on! Nobody died...
Summary: John's lost his zippo lighter. Nate didn't find it at his place and suggests John to check his pockets which John has already done and was unsuccessful.
Dialogue: Claudia: You know what? I saw Martin today.
Kate: Really? Was he alone?
Claudia: Not exactly.
Kate: :(
Claudia: He was walking with his dog :)
Kate :O
Summary: Claudia saw Martin today. He was walking his dog. 
Dialogue: Daniel: Privet, Sergey Mikhailovich!
Sergey: Hi, Daniel!
Daniel: How's the whole party thing going?
Sergey: Everything's fine, I'd say, a lot of people are already here and more are coming
Daniel: Ok, I should be there within an hour and a half
Sergey: Ok, don't worry
Daniel: Is Pamela there already?
Sergey: Yes :P
Daniel: Ok, see you later
Sergey: See you!
Summary: Sergey and Pamela are at a party. Daniel will be there within an hour and a half.
Dialogue: Carlie: So, what time on Wednesady?
Sidney: I’m busy, let’s make it Thursday
Carlie: OK, I get it, what time?
Sidney: Hmm I think 6 PM
Carlie: Sure, that’s fine, I won’t bother you anymore, just let me know if anything changes.
Sidney: Well, it needs to be Friday, I’m not sure if I will have time and I’m too lazy to do it in the evening ;)
Carlie: Uhm, listen, I really appreciate that you want to help but I’m starting to think it’s a problem for you, you should have sth before, you will change your mind again and what am I supposed to do then
Sidney: Ok, so it can be Saturday ;p
Carlie: Whaaaaat. Ok, I’m done, fuck you and your help.
Sidney: What’s your problem, I can’t just leave everything, I wanted to be nice to you, but now you can fuck yourself!!!
Carlie: I know you’re busy but packing all my stuff takes a lot of time and I can’t wait forever, you really don’t understand that?
Sidney: Fuck you, that’s all I want to say.
Carlie: ????
Sidney: You said it may be any day from Thursday to Sunday and now you’re freaking out, this is fucked up
Carlie: Listen, I really understand, but I have everything packed, my medicines, clothes, all of it. Maybe I should make it more clear what I expect, I’ll find someone and won’t bother you anymore.
Sidney: Bullshit. I will talk to you only if I’m forced to, at work. Don’t text me again.
Carlie: You’re an irresponsible idiot
Sidney: And you’re a bitch, we’re even.
Summary: Sidney is delaying his help with packing stuff. Carlie is really frustrated with his attitude.
Dialogue: Emma: the show is about to start where are u?
William: Coming
Emma: Hury up
Summary: The show is nearly starting. William is coming.
Dialogue: Connell: So what's that thing with SJW? 
Connor: Some university students promoting political stuff 
Connell: So what the hell is sjw? 
Connell: What's that stand for? xdxdxd
Connor: Social Justice Warriors. They are very liberal, like NDP people
Connell: Oh yeah. Kenzie is such an sjw, she posts political stuff all the time
Connor: Hmm idk her
Connell: Her posts are so childish and their posts are just so boring
Connor: yeah the sjws attack the Conservatives all the time
Summary: University students involved in liberal SWJ promote political content. Connell is annoyed with Kenzie's political, boring posts.
Dialogue: Joseph: Hi, sup?
Joey: Hey, man, everything's fine, you?
Joseph: Not bad. 
Joey: How was Rome?
Joseph: Beyond words! It was fucking lit, man. The food, the people, the atmosphere.
Joey: Nice girls, right? :D
Joseph: Word! Italians are hot as hell!!
Joey: Told ya! Got any action then? ;)
Joseph: Got me some phone numbers, but there wasn't time...
Joey: LOL, THERE WASN'T TIME?! Where r your priorities, man?!
Joseph: Let's say the group didn't feel the same way about Italian asses as me...
Joey: Let me guess: girls wanted to hit the museums and stuff? :D
Joseph: Exactly. -.-
Joey: We should go together sometime, you know?
Joseph: Fucking A, bro!
Joey: LOL I wonder if we would live to tell the story, we would be so drunk all the time 
Joseph: Right, we'll have to find a nurse :D
Joey: NurseS, plural, man
Joseph: It's a plan then. :D 
Summary: Joseph went tp Rome and shares details of the trip with Joey, Joseph liked Italian girls, but only got some phone numbers so they agree they go there together the next time.
Dialogue: Simon: hello
Simone: hi
Simon: how are you? 
Simone: i have broken my leg 
Simon: oh 
Simon: how? 
Simone: i fell down the stairs 
Simon: sorry to hear 
Summary: Simone fell down the stairs and broke his leg.
Dialogue: Tom: Hey, you forgot your scarf yesterday
Tom: So you have an excuse to drop by :D
Jim: Haha. Sure. I'll handle myself without a scarf until tomorrow. 
Jim: I'll visit you "to get my scarf" after work if you know what I mean :D
Tom: Hahaha. Sure. See you then.
Summary: Jim has forgot his scarf yesterday. He'll visit Tom tomorrow after work to get it.
Dialogue: Cathy: Hey, Melinda wants us to meet her and her husband for dinner on Thursday night. 
Cathy: Are you up for it?
Lewis: Melinda? Do I know her?
Cathy: Lewis. My goodness. Yes, you know her. They were both at Jack's birthday party. 
Lewis: Ha, there were a lot of parent couples at the party. 
Cathy: He wore the Superman shirt and she was always correcting him. 
Lewis: Ha, yeah, now I remember. 
Lewis: Now I definitely don't want to meet them for dinner. 
Lewis: Why would we do this?
Cathy: She really likes us, and I think they are quite alright themselves. I couldn't really find it in myself to say no.
Lewis: You really need to learn to be a bit more assertive. If I agreed to every request sent my way I would never sleep
Lewis: There are so many other things I would rather do that night. 
Lewis: How about you and me just go out and get dinner alone. I will do anything with you, just as long as I don't have to pretend to be friends with some people I have no interest in. 
Cathy: Oh fine
Summary: Melinda wants Cathy and Lewis to meet her and her husband for dinner on Thursday night. The two couples had met at Jack's birthday party, where Melinda's husband was wearing a Superman shirt and she was always correcting him. Lewis doesn't want to meet them and prefers dinner with Cathy only.
Dialogue: Jeff: Have you managed to get the train?
Ann: yes, but was not easy
Tomas: so much stress, but we were quite lucky actually
Jeff: what happened?
Ann: we booked a car on car2go app
Ann: You can reserve it for 20min
Ann: And we were approaching it when the 20min was over, it was like 3 meters from us
Ann: and I clicked "rent" when suddenly it showed "the car is taken" or something similar
Jeff: fuck! somebody must have taken it exactly in the second when you reservation was over
Ann: exactly, quite unbelievable
Jeff: couldn't you take another one?
Tomas: the next one was like 1 km from us and we had all the suitcases etc
Ann: and our train in 20min, to get to the station by car takes something like 15min
Jeff: so how did you manage finally?
Ann: when we were completely dejected a bus arrived to a nearby stop, so we just run there shouting and waving all our limbs for the driver to wait for us
Tomas: and the train was 5 min late, but we were the very last people
Jeff: god! but great you made it!
Summary: Tomas and Ann couldn't rent a car that they had previously reserved via an app. They took a bus to the train station instead. Tomas and Ann barely made it for their train. Their train was 5 minutes late.
Dialogue: Lora: Hi, Michelle.
Michelle: Hi, Lora. Good to hear from you.
Lora: Yeah. I've been so busy at work recently.
Michelle: I know what you mean.
Lora: Fortunately, things slowed down a bit for me now.
Michelle: Good for you, Lora.
Michelle: You've been working too hard.
Lora: Probably. But it paid off.
Michelle: What do you mean?
Lora: Well, I got promoted.
Michelle: You did?
Lora: Yep. You're talking to Senior Account Manager.
Michelle: Congrats. Did you get a raise too?
Lora: I did. Not too much though:(
Lora: But what really counts, I will have much less work.
Michelle: How come?
Lora: I'll have fewer and larger clients. Basically, means working 9 to 5, five days a week.
Michelle: A big change for you, then:)
Lora: Exactly, we will meet much more often.
Michelle: Cool. How about this Saturday?
Lora: Can do=) Let's go shopping?
Michelle: Sound great. Pick me up in the morning.
Lora: Definitely be there!
Summary: Lora was busy at work recently. She got a promotion and a raise. Now she is Senior Account Manager and has less work than before. Lora and Michelle will go shopping together on Saturday. Lora will pick Michelle up in the morning.
Dialogue: Sheila: I just saw the cutest sight ever!
Rose: Tell us about it!
Sheila: There was an elderly lady walking her cat. No leash or anything, just a kitty walking calmly next to her like a dog. Such a beautiful pair!
Pam: Aww, so sweet! I didn't know cats could behave like that.
Rose: I wonder if she trained it or something.
Sheila: No idea, but they looked so natural together. Now I'm thinking about getting a cat.
Pam: But if you want a pet to walk, why not just get a dog?
Sheila: Come on, it's nothing special to train a dog to follow you. A cat now — that's really something! They're so smart and independent.
Rose: Darling, I think you have too much time on your hands.
Sheila: I know, I know. Don't worry, I'm too responsible to adopt a pet before I find a job. But a girl can dream, eh?
Summary: Sheila saw an elderly lady walking her cat without a leash. She would like to adopt a pet but she needs to find a job first.
Dialogue: Gloria: Sean I need to take your car, I cannot start mine!
Sean: Did you remember to buy petrol Honey? XD
Gloria: Of course I did! There is something wrong! I
Sean: Ok, drive safe then and be careful
Gloria: I'll do my best, I wouldn't dare to hurt your baby :P
Sean: Thanks a lot Honey! :*
Summary: Gloria's car won't start so she needs to take Sean's car.
Dialogue: Mia: <file _video> 
Mark: Some serously good music here! 
Mia: I like the sound. 
Mark: Me too. 
Mia: Glad to hear it :)
Mark: Are you into jazz at all?
Mia: Depends. 
Summary: Mia and Mark enjoy similar music.
Dialogue: Bill: Hey, what's up. There's a shakeup here at work. Some big honcho is coming by tomorrow. We'll see what happens.
Anna: A shake up? Think your job is in danger? Are you guys going away for Easter?
Bill: I don't know, everyone's shaking :) No, we're staying.
Bill: Are you going away?
Anna: Nope
Bill: Have anything planned for Easter?
Anna: Not really, just gonna hang here at home. If you want we could do smthg.
Bill: Yeah, let's meet with the kids and go to MC.
Anna: Sounds like a plan.
Bill: Hey, isn't it crazy how there's so many people at the stores? It's nuts!
Anna: Yeah, like Black Friday or Christmas.
Bill: People are wackos! I just wanna paint my eggs and eat a decent meal :)
Anna: I hear ya. Anyways, write me when you wanna meet up. See ya
Bill: See ya
Summary: Bill has some problems at work and might even lose his job. He and Anna are not going away for Easter so they agree to meet with the kids and go to MC. Anna and Bill are both shocked with the number of people in stores.
Dialogue: Megan: Girls, do you have your results??
Sarah: I haven't checked yet
Megan: Then check it, cause I have it.....
Jessica: And?
Megan: Failed :<<<<
Sarah: OMG, now I'm scared
Jessica: xO
Jessica: How come??
Megan: I have no idea
Sarah: I've checked, and guess what........
Jessica: Passed?
Sarah: Nope.
Sarah: Also failed xD
Summary: Megan, Sarah and Jessica are waiting for the results. Megan and Sarah failed.
Dialogue: Gabriel: hey how's life
Gabriel: will you guys come to Poland any time soon?
Arthur: yeah we wanna meet
Mindy: we're fine, thanks, you?
Harry: I guess we will fly home for Christmas
Arthur: we're pretty well!
Gabriel: we can talk on Skype if you wanna have a chat? hehe
Arthur: sure, what about 4 pm on Saturday?
Gabriel: fine with us!
Summary: Harry will fly to Poland for Christmas. Gabriel and Arthur will talk on Skype at 4 PM on Saturday.
Dialogue: Bart: can I leave Spot with you next Saturday?
Mike: sure
Bart: great, I need to help my GF with her move and I don't want to leave him alone for the whole day
Mike: don't worry, he'll be fine with me
Bart: thanks :)
Summary: Bart will leave Spot with Mike next Saturday. Bart will be helping his girlfriend move.
Dialogue: Jason: How was your flight?
Patrick: I met the love of my life
Wilson: Sheila won’t be happy about it :D
Patrick: This woman is incredible
Patrick: We talked during the whole flight
Wilson: 10 hours???
Patrick: Yeah!
Patrick: I felt like I knew her my whole life
Patrick: She could truly understand me
Jason: Is it even possible??
Jason: Man, I've known you for 40 years and I still don't get you
Patrick: I tell you, she's a soulmate 
Wilson: What are you going to do now?
Patrick: I don't know. I need to get some rest first. 
Summary: Patrick met a woman on a flight and chatted with her during the whole flight.
Dialogue: Will: I want to try the new game as well.
Patrick: we can always play it tomorrow.
Patrick: we have already other plans for today
Will: that's not a problem, I can wait
Will: just keep that in mind for tomorrow
Patrick: why is it even so important?
Patrick: you never liked battle royal type of games
Will: this one seems to be different
Will: more tactical
Will: and team play seems to be important
Patrick: how much people do you need?
Will: 3 per team
Patrick: so basically we need only one more for tomorrow?
Will: yeah
Patrick: that shouldn't be a problem
Patrick: I'll ask Gary to join us
Will: I'm not sure if he'll be available tomorrow
Will: didn't he mention something about a friend's birthday?
Patrick: no, that's next week
Patrick: I just texted him and he confirmed that he will join us
Will: great, can't wait to try it
Summary: Gary will join Patrick and Will tomorrow and they will play the new game. 
Dialogue: Helen: heyoo
Helen: saw Frank liking and commenting your photos... 😁
Helen: whats going on bewten tou two?
Helen: *between you two?
Nina: well
Nina: ekhm..
Nina: there is sth going on i guess
Nina: 😏
Helen: tell me already!
Nina: we saw each other some time ago in a coffee house
Helen: and?
Nina: and we had a nice conversation
Nina: but dont jump into conclusions Hel
Helen: k
Helen: i hope you tell me when it gets serious
Nina: of course hun
Helen: for now, have fun
Helen: not too much fun thou 😏
Nina: silly
Helen: just taking care of you my bestie
Helen: KIT
Nina: speak soon
Summary: Nina and Frank have been talking more since they had coffee together. Helen notices they have been more active on Facebook.
Dialogue: Max: I hate shopping!
Payton: Y?
Max: I treat it as a necessity.
Payton: Still, y do u h8 shopping?
Max: I hate having to choose the things, to try them on and go from shop to shop in the hope of buying something, but eventually returning home emptyhanded.
Payton: So u h8 buying clothes?
Max: Yup.
Payton: What about other stuff?
Max: Like what?
Payton: Food?
Max: That's easy. I just go to the supermarket and pick up some groceries. No problem.
Payton: Books? Electronics? And so on.
Max: Online. Those are the things I can buy online and it doesn't take much time :)
Payton: So it's not the shopping u h8, but shopping 4 clothes.
Max: It seems so.
Payton: Have u tried shopping online 4 clothes?
Max: Not really.
Payton: U should :)
Summary: Max hates shoping for clothes. He prefers buying books and electronics online.
Dialogue: Hanna: hey Katie!! :*
Kate: hi cutie, what's up?
Hanna: are we gonna see each other in december??
Kate: on Marie's birthday party?
Hanna: yeah, i am coming from Berlin for a few days
Kate: nice!! i have missed you
Hanna: yeah me too, maybe we can also meet together, just the two of us? not just at the party
Kate: i was thinking the same!!! when exactly are you here?
Hanna: i will be in Poland from 6 to 11 December
Kate: when is the party??
Hanna: it's on the 7th
Kate: how about we meet for coffe and breakfast on the 8th then? we can be hangover together hahaha
Hanna: like the old times ?:D
Kate: like the old times hahaha
Hanna: sounds like a plan!!!
Summary: Kate and Hanna meet at Marie's birthday party on the 7th of December. Hanna will be in Poland from 6 to 11 December. Kate and Hanna will meet for coffee and breakfast on the 8th of December.
Dialogue: Father: Hi Brian, could you pick up Danny on your way to FR? Say at 15:45?
Father: I've tried to call you but your phone is offline or something.
Brian: Hi dad, I was jogging. Didn't get calls. Sure we'll pick her up.
Summary: Brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call. At his dad's request, Brian will pick up Danny around 3.45 pm on his way to FR.
Dialogue: Nathan: my mum is making trifles tonight
Nathan: wanna come over?
Sue: that sounds DELICIOUS!!
Sue: and your mom is your an amazing cook :-D
Nathan: they're strawberry and almond trifles
Sue: WOW
Sue: what time should i be there?
Nathan: 7
Sue: i'll be there at 7
Sue: and i'll bring a bottle of wine
Nathan: Thanks!!!
Summary: Sue will come to Nathan at 7 because his mum is making trifles tonight. 
Dialogue: Alvin: <file_other>
Daina: give me a break
Daina: how could u watch sth like this?
Daina: it's awfull :/
Alvin: what r u sayin
Alvin: it's funny :D
Daina: u r sick...
Summary: Daina finds disgusting a video Alvin thinks is funny.
Dialogue: Andy: Do you feel like lunch now?
Gary: Yes! I'm starving.
Andy: OK. See in the canteen :-)
Gary: Ok. I'll be there in 3 min.
Summary: Andy and Gary'll have a lunch in the canteen in 3 minutes.
Dialogue: Arnie: Where are we having the biology test?
Patricia: Room 13A 
Susan: Hurry up. It's about to start!! 
Summary: Patricia informs Arnie that they're having the biology test in the room 13A.
Dialogue: Mom: Where are you? 
Anne: I am getting my blood tested! 
Mom: For your acne? 
Anne: Yes : ( 
Mom: Poor you
Mom: I will cook something delicious for you
Anne: Thanks mom! 
Anne: I will be tonight then! 
Mom: be waiting at home! 😚
Summary: Anne is doing blood tests for her acne. Mom will cook something special for her.
Dialogue: Judy: Hey, guys, does anyone have the book professor Cooper was talking about?
Christine: I need it too! Anyone?
Colleen: Hang on, I think I saw it on Amazon.
Adam: I've ordered it from Amazon, but I don't have it yet.
Molly: So it was you? Someone bought just as I was looking for my card number.
Adam: Yeah, sorry. But I promise to share! :D
Summary: Judy, Christine, Colleen and Molly need the same book professor Cooper was talking about. Adam has ordered it and promises to share.
Dialogue: Kate: Have you heard that Andrew found a new species in Guyana?
Meghan: Yes, everybody's talking about it
Will: hehe, even the bbc wrote about him
Will: <file_other>
Jeff: but what did he find?
Kate: a blue tarantula of the Ischnocolinae subfamily
Jeff: Did he go there as a part of a project?
Kate: Yes he went there with WWF
Kate: what is more, they found more than 30 new species
Meghan: but this is the jungle of Guyana, everybody knows it's still full of unknown life
Will: it's very exciting!
Summary: Andrew found a new tarantula species in Guyana. He went there with the WWF. They also found another 30 new species.
Dialogue: Mark: Janeeee are you home by any chance???
Mark: I can't open the entrance door for some reason. They key seems to get stuck at one point and I can't seem to be able to turn it any further
Jane: omg sorry I didn't see the message
Jane: I'm coming
Summary: Mark can't open the entrance door and Jane is coming to help him.
Dialogue: Laurie: Can you get me some gum and a Coke?
Lizzy: I thought you didn't want anything.
Laurie: I changed my mind. I'm sooooooo thirsty!
Lizzy: Ok, I just hope I have enough.
Laurie: Thanks, I'll owe you back of course.
Summary: Lizzy is buying Laurie gum and Coke.
Dialogue: John: Hi honey how are you now?
Mary: not much different..
John: i m so sorry i had to leave you in this condition?
Mary: No its ok i know it was urgent
John: did you eat something stale?
Mary: no...
John: then whats the reason of throwing up?
Mary: Dont know.
John: take appointment i will come back by 1 pm and we will go than
Mary: No... i think its something else..
John: what? is all ok?
Mary: yes.. just
John: just what baby? its nothing serious right?
Mary: oh no... i think i am.. i dont know if i should tell you here
John: comeon tell me .... i am so worried 
Mary: i think i am pregnant... but i am not sure
John: WHAT?? like in real
Mary:  i told you i am not sure.. 
John: i am coming in half an hour stay ready we are going to see doctor. i cant wait :Smile: 
Mary: dont be so excited i can get a test strip and check....
John: No i want doctor to give me the newsss 100% assurity.
Mary: lol your crazy
John: yes i am get ready noww..
Mary: ok
Summary: Mary thinks she's pregnant. John wants to take her to the doctor's to confirm it.
Dialogue: Kayla: Hey look
Kayla: <file_other>
Kayla: they're playing Love actually in the cinema next week <3
Johnny: Kayla, we've seen it thousands of times
Johnny: <file_gif>
Kayla: so you don't want to go?
Johnny: Sorry honey, but there are many other movies we haven't seen..
Kayla: whatever
Kayla: <file_gif>
Summary: Johny doesn't want to go for Love actually to the cinema, because he and Kayla have already seen it many times.  
Dialogue: Lia: are you in the seminar room 1?
Kate: yes, we're checking if a laptop works
Lia: what laptop?
Kate: the university laptop
Michael: the one that is connected to the projector
Lia: can't you use your laptop?
Kate: no, I can't
Lia: why? the uni laptops are tractors
Kate: it's a new MacBook Air, doesn't even have an usb port
Lia: shit!
Kate: exactly, not compatible at all
Lia: so how is it going?
Kate: as you said - a tractor :(
Summary: Kate is in the seminar room 1. She is checking if the university laptop works.
Dialogue: Lola: Hi Dad! Any plans for the summer?
Jerry: Not really, Mum and I will be staying home, but that's what we both wanted.
Lola: Haha, this does sound like you. Would you mind us coming over with the kids for a week or so? Our plans got cancelled, so...
Jerry: Sweetheart, you know you're always welcome. This will always be your home.
Lola: Thanks, Dad! Does mid-July sound okay to you?
Jerry: I see no problem with that!
Summary: Lola's parents will be staying at home for the summer and don't mind Lola coming over with the kids for about a week in mid-July as her other plans got cancelled.
Dialogue: Tess: Hi Mom, how are you?
Susan: Great! What is up?
Tess: I just wanted to tell you I won't be going straight home after school.
Susan: Oh ok I see, what are you up to?
Tess: <file_photo>
Susan: Oh, tickets! Opera?
Tess: No ;) we're going to see the new Harry Potter
Josh: I've seen this one! It's really good
Tess: Oh I can't wait then
Susan: Eat something before 
Tess: Will do :)
Josh: Can I join you for dinner? I'm in town
Tess: Sure, let me call you once I'm done with classes
Josh: Great! See you then
Summary: Tess is going to the cinema after school to see the new Harry Potter. Her mother, Susan, agrees. Josh has seen the movie before but he's going to meet Tess for dinner in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Larry:  Hi everyone, who's in for the weekend workshop?
Leila: Workshop? I thought we would just hang out?
Dave: Are you getting us to do some work for ya, Larry?
Larry: Haha yeah busted
Leila: What work?!
Alex: Yeah I can swing by for a few hours but Saturday only if that's cool?
Larry: Leila, don't freak out! workshop=putting furniture together.
Dave: Or pretending to do stuff and drinking free wine
Leila: Oh yeah, I'm definitely on board. Not too handy with tools tho
Desi: Larry, stop asking people to do your work for ya lol @Leila I'll be right there next to ya
Larry: with plenty snarky comments, I believe
Desi: You know it haha
Leila: Believe me you don't want me to help out
Dave: I don't mind. Beer makes me more productive
Alex: I respectfully disagree, Davey! Last time you demolished my bathroom haha
Dave: demolished is just another word for rearranged. That place could use some vision
Leila: Haha happy to hear you guys are all set. Desi, I can help you match the wine color with walls lol. Provided they are red
Larry: Then we would only have red ones in the house if we follows Desi's wine routine
Desi: Ohh you just wait till you need my help again!
Alex: don't worry, bro, got you covered. Just text me the exact address later
Leila: Super psyched to see your new place!
Dave: time to release my creative demons lol
Desi: I will hide the good china haha
Summary: Leila, Dave, Alex, Larry and Desi are going to meet at Larry's place to help him out with assembling the furniture.
Dialogue: Yani: Did you play the new candy?
Heather: Nope. I loaded it and didn't like how it looked. Very childish. You?
Yani: I thought the same. I tried, but didn't like it. Uninstalled. Not for me.
Heather: I'm hearing the same from others.
Yani: They really cocked it up!
Heather: Yep! Don't like it at all.
Yani: Onward and upward!
Heather: Indeed!
Summary: Heather, Yani and others think the new Candy Crush game is childish and they dislike it.
Dialogue: Yvette: doing anything special for the long wknd?
Steph: not sure yet
Steph: maybe I'll visit my parents
Steph: they always complain I dont visit so often
Caro: Im staying in Warsaw
Caro: and you, Yvette?
Yvette: we're thinking of going somewhere nice
Yvette: but we havent planned anything ;)
Yvette: if we go, it will be last minute ;P
Caro: you need to think of something soon then!
Yvette: yep :P
Summary: Caro is staying in Warsaw for the weekend, Steph maybe will visit her parents, and Yvette doesn't have any plans.
Dialogue: Paul: CRG-328
Paul: the name of the toner 
Alena: how much would it cost?
Paul: <file_other> 
Paul: there is something like this. look at it. it is 5800won
Alena: usually 9800won maybe? isn't it?
Alena: the gaps are huge at each site
Paul: are they?
Paul: <file_other>
Paul: how about this?
Paul: aaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! I found it!
Paul: <file_other>
Paul: mum! this is the one!
Paul: if you choose a strandard type among the options, that's it
Alena: okay
Paul: well i haven't bought premium type,but it was always ok.
Paul: It worked well anyways
Alena: thanks! ＼(^o^)／
Summary: Paul found a proper toner for Alena.
Dialogue: Greg: Pizza anyone? I'm passing by Luigi's.
Omar: yes please
Chad: I'll pass, still have mom's lasagna
Greg: So 2 pizzas. The usual, I presume? 
Omar: correct. I'm a creature of habit.
Greg: same here
Summary: Greg will get pizza for himself and Omar from Luigi's.
Dialogue: Irvin: What
Irvin: <file_other>
Matthias: LmaAO PETA
Matthias: they always always do this
Matthias: i swear
Matthias: just so you know, they kill the animals they rescue
Matthias: and by rescue i mean kidnapping people's pets and killing them because they think having pets is inhumane
Irvin: uwu
Matthias: THEy also played a "vegans have better sex" ad during the super bowl
Matthias: where lots and lots of kids/families were watching
Irvin: Wow, that's crazy
Summary: PETA aired the "Vegans have better sex" commercial during Super Bowl.
Dialogue: Lisa: Grant, did you do the dishes?
Grant: Oops, I might have forgotten.
Lisa: Oops, I might have to return the shoes I got for your birthday.
Grant: Mom! I'm sorry!
Summary: Lisa is angry at Grant for not washing the dishes so threatens to return the shoes she got for his birthday. 
Dialogue: Alex: See you tonight at the pub?
Eric: Yep. I should get there around 8
Kathy: Same here. Might be a little late though
Kathy: I’ll keep you posted
Eric: Cool
Alex: See you soon then 👀
Summary: Alex, Eric and Kathy are meeting tonight at the pub around 8. Kathy may be late and she'll let them know.
Dialogue: Phil: What fucking party? We weren't at a party for ages!
Nicky: No comment.
Phil: What party?!
Nicky: Sry. Forgot u were away then. Was meaning to tell u, but kinda forgot.
Phil: Are u fucking joking?! U went to a party and didn't tell me? And now u spend 3k?
Nicky: I said I was sry. What else can I do?
Phil: Now tell me what the other 1k went on!
Nicky: Stuff.
Phil: What stuff?!
Nicky: Oh, the little things we have at home.
Phil: Like what?!
Nicky: Remeber that little duvet on the couch?
Phil: Yeah... How much?
Nicky: 200. 
Phil: Ur fucking killing me here! 200 bucks for a fucking blanket?
Nicky: Duvet.
Phil: Does it really matter?!
Nicky: To me, yes.
Summary: Nicky went to a party when Phil was away and didn't tell him. She spent 3k, for 1000 she bought things for home.
Dialogue: James: hows the weather by the way its blumin freezing right now
Mia: It's snowing on my side :D How are the dogs? 🙂
James: lucky well im missing the ends of one of my shoe laces, but generally theyre great absolute nut cases but its fun
Mia: When you start gushing about them, the you'll know that they're truly part of the family :P
James: your elcome to come see them any time, and now its time to go for a walk and freeze
Mia: (whilst singing "Walking in a Winter Wonderland")
James: Hahaha!! <file_photo>
Summary: James's dogs are well. Mia is allowed to see them any time.
Dialogue: Ola: I'm tired 
Jody: Me too
Sam: Such a long day
Ola: Should we call it a day?
Jody: I think so
Sam: We just need to upload it to the server
Sam: Let's start uploading 
Sam: Then we can take a little break 
Ola: It will take at least one hour to finish uploading
Jody: I guess we won't be home early 
Sam: I'm waiting for you in the hall
Sam: Come downstairs 
Sam: We will go for a walk 
Summary: Ola and Jody are tired. They need to upload files to the server. Sam wants to go for a walk with Jody and Ola. He is waiting in the hall downstairs.
