Dialogue: Catty: what times the party?
Jane: ahhh like 7 but I can't get there till around 9
Catty: ah ok fuck idk if I will end up being able to go 
Jane: now whyyy
Catty: I work at 6am tm and if u don't go till 9 I will end up staying super late 
Jane: ahh come on come for like a hour or so I won't keep u hahah
Catty: idkk
Jane: pleaseeeeeee
Catty: I will think about it :)
Summary: Jane cannot go to the party until around 9 p.m. and Catty is not sure if she will come to the party at all. Catty has to go to work at 6 a.m. tomorrow morning and she is afraid that she will stay too long at the party.
Dialogue: Juanita: I saw you on TV!😍
Trey: (*^0^*)(*^0^*)Hehe...did you?(*^0^*)
Juanita: You looked so cool. I didn't know you sing that well11111 (^<^) (^.^)
Trey: Thanks. 
Trey: I didn't expect you would watch that program.
Juanita: Why didn’t you even let me know?
Juanita: All of our family members watched TV together.😍😍
Juanita: I was so proud of you! (^^ゞ
Summary: Juanita saw Trey singing on a TV show.
Dialogue: Edgar: Hey Leo
Leo: Hey! Happy to hear from you
Edgar: The pleasure is mine! Are you going to the dinner at Elizabeth's?
Leo: Yeah, sure, she wrote to me the other day.
Edgar: That's great! I'll be happy to see you
Leo: You might be able to see Cameron and Rosie as well
Edgar: Yeah, Elizabeth is throwing a grand party in my honor it seems
Leo: Ha ha ha Indeed
Edgar: I'll see you there then
Leo: Yep. See you soon
Edgar: Cheers
Leo: xx
Summary: Edgar and Leo will meet at the party that Elisabeth is throwing in Edgar's honor. 
Dialogue: Kate: Hi, Amy
Amy: Hi!
Kate: I woke up this morning completely sick
Amy: oh, I am so sorry.
Kate: I've no idea what to do with Thomas. He should be at school at 8 but I feel too bad to drive and too bad to take care of him
Amy: Don't worry, I can take him to school together with Alice!
Kate: Thanks! It's so kind of you
Amy: We single mothers have to help each other!
Kate: It's so good I have you
Amy: I'll pick him up about 7.15 and you take care of yourself, stay in bed etc.
Kate: Thanks
Amy: And I will take them for breakfast on the way to school.
Kate: Perfect!
Amy: See you later
Kate: See you!
Summary: Amy will pick Thomas up at 7:15 and take him for breakfast then to school.
Dialogue: Alex: my parents are out for the night! want to come?
Leo: any plans?
Alex: we can grab some beers, watch a game
Leo: you just said two magic words - beer and game ;)
Leo: I'll be there in an hour!
Alex: :]
Summary: Alex's parents are not going to be home tonight. Leo is coming over in an hour to drink some beer and watch a game.
Dialogue: Abigail: Hey, you want my old couch?
Anna: Your couch? Don't you need it :)
Abigail: No, I'm getting rid of it cause I ordered a new one. There's nothing wrong with it, you've seen it.
Anna: Yeah, I love the colour, it's the colour of an eggplant :)
Abigail: It's super comfortable, but the colour doesn't match my apt anymore. It was time for something new. I found a cool deal too.
Anna: How am I going to get it over here?
Abigail: My brother can help, he's got that cube van, remember?
Anna: Ok, cool. I'll buy him a few beers for the help :)
Abigail: No need to help grow his gut :)
Anna: When is your new couch coming?
Abigail: In a week. I can ask my brother to help the Sat. after that.
Anna: Ok, sounds good :) Do you want something for it? I mean, the couch is in really good condition.
Abigail: No, of course not! I owe you big time for last month anyways :) I would be in heaps of trouble if it wasn't for you.
Anna: Stop it! I didn't do anything. Anyways, I gotta go, but I'm super excited about my soon-to-be-mine couch
Abigail: Good! I'm looking forward to mine too :)
Anna: :)
Summary: Abigail bought a new couch and she will give the old one to Anna.
Dialogue: Karan: Hey Piyush! How are you?
Piyush: Hey, I’m good. What about you?
Karan: I am fine. So in which company are you working?
Piyush: I am working with Concentrix.
Karan: What is your post?
Piyush: I am in the security department.
Karan: That’s great!
Piyush: Yeah, but also a little bit bad.
Karan: Why so?
Piyush: It's mostly tiring
Karan: Dont worry, just strive on!!
Piyush: thanks
Karan: cool, gotta go!
Piyush: sure, talk later
Summary: Piyush is working in the security department with Concentrix and finds it tiring. Karen advises him not to worry.
Dialogue: Paul: yo
Paul: lemme know when ur there
Paul: <file_photo>
Cindy: omg i love donuts <file_gif>
Paul: they're all waiting 4 u babe
Cindy: hehe thanks my love
Cindy: be there in 5
Summary: Cindy will be there in 5 minutes. There are donuts waiting for her. She loves donuts.
Dialogue: Ms. Blue: Mr. Blue, how's your workload for the day?
Mr. White: I have some projects to finish and have to respond to some messages, but should finish it up by the end of the day.
Ms. Blue: Would you be able to fit in another task?
Mr. White: Depends on the complexity. I really should respond to the messages from our clients.
Ms. Blue: This isn't a very complicated task. I need you to go to the other department and do a quality check on their projects. 
Mr. White: All of them?
Ms. Blue: No. just a sample. Say 5 per project. 
Mr. White: Doesn't sound too complicated. What's the deadline?
Ms. Blue: And this is the problematic part. You only have 1,5 hours. 
Mr. White: That's not a lot. Is it possible to extend the deadline?
Ms. Blue: Unfortunately not. We will be undergoing financial control in about 2 hours and I need the reports on my desk at least half an hour earlier.
Mr. White: You want me to write reports as well?
Ms. Blue: Yes. Otherwise, how will I know what the standing is?
Mr. White:  But that's impossible!
Ms. Blue: Take someone with you. This should speed things up.
Mr. White: I'll get right on it. 
Ms. Blue: Thank you. Remember - 1,5 hours.
Mr. White: Of course. 
Summary: Mr. White has some work to finish by the end of the day. Ms. Blue wants him to do a project quality check in another department in a span of 1,5 hour. Mr. White will execute the task.
Dialogue: Jarvis: Thank you very much for the Gifticon you sent me. 😍😍
Jarvis: My wife and I drank coffee and my son took cake.✌️✌️
Jarvis: <file_photo>
Jarvis: <file_photo>
Dustin: I am happy to hear that. 😍😍😍😍
Dustin: I haven’t treated you well last time and I was thinking about that...
Dustin: But now I am so pleased that you had a good time with your family.
Jarvis: Thanks again for the Gifticon. 
Summary: Jarvis had a good time with his family. He is happy about a picture Dustin has sent him. He sends some photos to Dustin.
Dialogue: Sam: Where are you?
Phil: Home
Sam: ??? !!!
Phil: What do you mean?
Sam: We were supposed to have dinner together! I'm waiting for you here... like some idiot!
Phil: **** ! I forgot!!!!
Phil: I'm sorry! Really!
Sam: Me too! Forget it...
Phil: Hey! Can we meet tomorrow? I won't forget
Sam: I can't. Forget it. As simple as that.
Phil: Hey! Don't do that. 
Summary: Phil forgot about dinner plans with Sam and now she refuses to reschedule for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Emily: Hey there, could you tell me what time the lecture starts?
Jessica: Hi, it starts at 1:30.
Emily: Thank you, Jessica, and do you happen to know if there's anything we should bring with us?
Jessica: Well, they haven't said anything so I presume some basics like a notebook and a pen.
Emily: Rats! I forgot to buy one.
Jessica: I can give you one, I always buy too many :)
Emily: You're a doll, thank you!
Jessica: Don't mention it, should I save you a seat?
Emily: Please do, I'm running late (as usual...)
Summary: The lecture starts at 1:30. Emily forgot to buy a notebook and a pen for the lecture, so Jessica can give her one. Jessica will also save a seat as Emily is running late.
Dialogue: Stanley: Hey
Natalie: Hey
Stanley: Send me recent picture of you
Natalie: What?
Natalie: Why?
Stanley: I'm looking for inspiration :D
Natalie: If you try to flirt with me it was not a good pick up line :) 
Stanley: No?
Natalie: No
Natalie: <file_photo>
Stanley: How can you tell it was not a good pick up line and send me such pic in the same time? Hahah. Lovely photo, Thank you. I will write my essay in 5 minutes looking at this pretty face :)
Natalie: Oh shut up :*
Summary: Natalie sends a picture of herself to Stanley at his request. Stanley has an essay to write.
Dialogue: Marisa: I’m devastated! I need you!!! :(
Sam: what’s wrong?
Marisa: it’s about Rob.. he keeps texting me and then he’s off so it’s like on and off all the time
Clara: like an emotional rollercoaster
Marisa: yeah, exactly! 
Sam: how often do you see him?
Marisa: now and then but not on a regular basis
Sam: you know what i really think? 
Marisa: tell me
Sam: you deserve better!
Clara: i agree
Marisa: yeah, i know but i really like him and his a gooood kisser!
Clara: i bet but you can’t let him treat you like shit! I mean it girl!
Marisa: it’s hard to admit but deep down i know you’re right!
Sam: you sure he’s not seeing other girls?
Marisa: i hope not..
Clara: i bet he’s hanging around with some other girls keeping you on hold just in case
Sam: that’s mean !
Clara: i’m sorry but this is what i really think
Marisa: i think you’re both right. So glad i can talk to you whenever i need you! ;) 
Clara: love you hon! Take care!
Summary: Marisa is dating Rob. She is upset because Rob is ignoring her messages. Rob is a good kisser. 
Dialogue: David: Why nobody is here?
Richard: I'm on the way, don't worry
Susan: I'm sick, I can't come tonight
David: 🤦🏻‍♂
Summary: Richard is on his way to meet David. Susan is sick, so she cannot join tonight.
Dialogue: Sasha: I've just come back from Russia
Josh: nice! finally
Terry: let's have some booze tonight 
Sasha: oh yes! 7 at Hell's Kitchen?
Terry: perfect for me
Josh: I'll be there anyway, my shift ends at 7
Gordon: I'll join you too:)
Summary: Sasha has just come back from Russia. Sasha, Terry, Josh and Gordon will meet at 7 at Hell's Kitchen tonight. Josh's shift there ends at 7.
