Dialogue: Nick: You there? Your skype's off.
Nick: I'll be online till 3:30.
Ted: Sorry mate. Already connected.
Ted: Getting the signal?
Summary: Nick needs Ted to contact him via Skype before 3.30.
Dialogue: Lexie: Anyone would like to trade presentation dates with me?
July: I haven’t done mine, and I actually would rather do it sooner that later
Niko: I could too
July: But do we trade subjects too?
Niko: I would assume so, they fit particular class’s subject
Lexie: Oh so I can’t stick to my subject and just refer it later?
July: No hon, if it’s about trafficking it’s gotta be when trafficking class is going to be
Lexie: Ding it, I like my subject:D
Niko: Well, you gotta drop it if you need to do it later
Lexie: I have to, I can’t be in class when I’m scheduled
Niko: I think I’m last one in the queue if you wanna postpone it much
July: I’m last but three I think 
Lexie: I don’t wanna be last, July I’ll take yours, you mine?
July: Sure, when are you supposed to speak?
Lexie: April 4th
July: Deal, you take May 5th
Summary: Lexie wants to swap her presentaion date. Niko is the last one but she doesn't want to be the last. Lexie will take May 5th and July will take April 4th.
Dialogue: Jimmy: my kazoo came from china!
Karen: your what?
Jimmy: <file_video>
Karen: what the hell is that thing
Jimmy: ahaha it's a kazoo, that's an instrument
Karen: it shounds horrible, why would anyone want to listen to something like that?
Jimmy: don't be so critical! It has it's own perks
Karen: maybe when it lays on a table, definitely not when you are playing it
Jimmy: hahaha come on
Karen: don't you dare sending me another video with this
Jimmy: <file_video>
Karen: Jimmy!!!!!!! 
Summary: Jimmy had a kazoo delivered from China. He sends Karen videos with kazoo music. 
Dialogue: John: Hey, about that apartment again
Anna: Yes?
John: I had a look and I'm interested
John: Can I come and see it?
Anna: Sure, when would be best time for you?
John: Actually I work in the neighbourhood so I was thinking that maybe today? Around 6pm would be best for me
Anna: Sure, but I might not make it for 6 pm. How about 6.30?
John: Great, see you there!
Anna: See you!
Summary: John is interested in the apartment. John works in the neighborhood. John will come to Anna today at 6:30 to see the apartment.
Dialogue: Caron: Look👀
Caron: <file_photo>
Caron: its a back prodder
Caron: <file_video>
Andy: where did you get that from,is it electric
Caron: no just metal with a hard foam nodule on the end, u just put it where the knot is on your back and pull on it from the front and wriggle it
Caron: it just gets in all those hard to reach shoulder muscles
Andy: I thought I was your masseur lol I'm being done out of a job by a lump of metal😂😂😂
Caron:  No never darling its not as good as your thumbs of steel xxxx👍✌👌😍
Summary: Caron got a back prodder. Andy feels he's out of a job as his masseur. Caron thinks Andy's still better.
Dialogue: Hannah: Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Claire: No, why? :)
Hannah: Great! Daniel and I wanted to have a bit of time for ourselves and go on a short trip
Hannah: Would you be so kind to take the kids for the weekend?
Claire: Hahahaha, sure
Hannah: What? :D
Claire: No, it's nothing. I was just thinking that you're about to offer me a girls getaway :D
Hannah: Oh dear <3 I'd love to. We definitely need one! This time though Mark promised to take me somewhere nice ;)
Claire: Where are you going?
Hannah: It's supposed to be a surprise, but I think we'll go to Brighton
Claire: Wow! I love Brighton!
Hannah: But how about the kids? You sure it's all right?
Claire: Of course it is! I love those little monsters ;)
Claire: Jamie will be delighted as well, so you don't have to worry
Hannah: Thank you so much hun! xxx
Claire: No problem! Everyone deserves a break from time to time
Hannah: Oh yes, you can't imagine how tired I am
Hannah: Last two months were a true nightmare at work, I couldn’t wait to have a few days off, I still need to wait for that, but I need this weekend quite desperately
Claire: It sounds like you need a proper SPA my dear!
Hannah: You read my mind
Claire: So, when are you free? ;) April? May?
Hannah: May’s better, what about you? Do you have a place in mind?
Claire: I might ;) We’ll tell you more when I check if it’s still open and they have free rooms.
Hannah: Ok :) thank you once again! I’ll drop by on Friday evening
Claire: Ok, is there anything I need to know about the kids before they stay over?
Hannah: No, they’re quite low-maintenance, no allergies, etc.
Claire: Ok, I should be home around 5
Summary: Daniel and Hannah are going to Brighton for a romantic getaway this weekend. Claire will take care of their kids. Hannah will drop them off at Claire's on Friday after 5. Hannah and Claire will also plan a girls trip in May. Hannah has been busy at work in the last two months and she needs a break.
Dialogue: Sammy: <file_photo>
Barbara: aww that's so sweet ❤️
Sammy: 😊
Barbara: are you going to Lina's party tonight?
Sammy: yes
Barbara: great, I'll see you there 😊
Sammy: see you 😘
Barbara: 😘
Summary: Barbara and Sammy will meet at Lina's party tonight.
Dialogue: Kerry: Last time I was here, I was with you!
Paula: That's right!
Kerry: That was a nice trip.
Paula: Has much changed?
Kerry: Doesn't seem like it. More fast food.
Paula: Naturally.
Kerry: The golden arches are a plague across the land! LOL!
Paula: Now I'm hungry!
Summary: The last time Kerry was there he was with Paula. Not much has changed there. There is more fast food there. 
Dialogue: Kevin: How is journey going?
Brian: not bad, we've just landed in Bangkok
Melissa: What time is it there?
Kevin: 7am
Melissa: 7pm here
Kevin: wow, 12h of difference
Melissa: haha, funny, right?
Kevin: are you going to stay in Bangkok?
Brian: for a few days then we will head to the countryside
Kevin: Send some pics
Melissa: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Kevin: how nice! summer! I envy you so much
Melissa: I could have come with us
Kevin: you know I couldn't take such a long leave
Summary: Brian landed in Bangkok. It's 7 am there. At Melissa's it's 12 pm. Brian will stay few days in Bangkok and then go to the countryside. 
Dialogue: Ella: Hello Frank. I was wondering if you had time next week to fit a small job for us?
Frank: Ella, hi. what did you have in mind?
Ella: we've bought this new garden furniture set and as we placed it in the yard we thought we might be ready for a fire pit. 
Frank: Fire pit? You mean like a bonfire - for marshmellows and sitting around with a glass of wine?
Ella: precisely.
Frank: where? what materials? 
Ella: we were thinking natural stone, river rock. right off the deck.
Frank: Okay. How's next Thursday for you? the 15th?
Ella: would be great.
Frank: okay, I'll come over tomorrow to measure up and give you a quote on Wednesday. I'll need an answer by Monday to order materials if you're going on with it.
Ella: perfect. I'm home tomorrow, just call half an hour earlier, please.
Frank: will do. see you tomorrow then,
Summary: Ella has bought new garden furniture and wants Frank to build a bonfire for them. Frank will come over tomorrow to measure up and give a quote on Wednesday. Frank needs to know whether to order materials by Monday. Ella is at home tomorrow but wants Frank to call half an hour earlier.
Dialogue: Lisa: Could you buy some olive oil on your way back home?
Matthew: Yes, I could. Anything else just in case?
Lisa: Some tomatoes and garlic then :D
Matthew: I see you're preparing birthday dinner?
Lisa: You're right! I've already done some tasty stuff:D
Matthew: I can hardly wait :)
Lisa: <file_photo>
Matthew: <file_gif>
Lisa: LOL, cooking is such a hard job!
Matthew: That's why you're doing it occassionally XD
Lisa: You bastard! I cook quite often if you haven't noticed!
Matthew: I haven't :P
Lisa: You're so not invited for tonight :D
Matthew: Such a pity, but I live in the same house so you can't get rid of me XD
Lisa: Just buy what I want and get quickly here, guests will start arriving around 6 p.m.
Summary: Lisa is hosting a birthday dinner at 6 p.m. Matthew should buy some olive oil, tomatoes and garlic on his way.
Dialogue: Russel: yo
Claire: hi
Russel: whats up?
Claire: nothing special
Claire: i hate this weaher
Russel: yeah me too
Claire: i hope summer will return soon
Summary: Claire and Russel hate the current weather. 
Dialogue: Kevin: The system is soooooo slow today!
Isla: I know!
Kevin: I'm afraid it isn't going to save one of these times!
Isla: I'm saving all the time but its slow and I'm not getting anything done.
Kevin: Anybody call IT?
Isla: Not that I know of. They're dicks.
Kevin: Yeah. Act like its all dumb user fault.
Isla: Yep.
Kevin: Guess we just deal.
Isla: That's what I think. Just deal.
Summary: Kevin and Isla are experiencing very slow computer systems today. 
Dialogue: Megan: hey, did anyone see a stray pair of earphones in the room 306? i think i left them there after the class :(
Derek: nope sorry
Sally: me neither
Megan: shit, i jut got em... serves me right for being such a mess i guess xd
Derek: hahah it happens to me all the time
Cher: where they blue? i found some :)
Megan: yes! omg thank you so much!
Cher: i didn't know who they belonged to tho
Cher: i gave them to Prof. Johnson so you can pick them up on Monday ;)
Megan: no prob :) 
Harry: wait I also can't find my earplugs
Cher: are they blue?
Harry: nah black
Cher: can't help ya bro xd
Summary: Cher found Megan's earphones and gave them to Prof. Johnson. Megan will pick them on Monday. Harry can't find his earplugs but Cher can't help him.
Dialogue: Betty: <file_other>
Betty: Maybe you should think over you diet :D:
Steven: It seems like you can't do anything nowadays
Steven: Everything we have contact with causes cancer :(
Steven: Here's my opinion - life causes death
Betty: Seriously you shouldn't ignore this!
Steven: Come on. If you want to avoid cancer causing things, you should move to the jungle on a different planet and wear a space suit.
Steven: On this list you sent there is UV radiation causing cancer. 
Steven: Meaning that literally the daylight can make you sick. 
Betty: It's about long-term exposure.
Steven: Yup. Generally spending time outside in summer gives you cancer.
Betty: Don't neglect scientific reasearch.
Steven: I'm not. But I just think life is too short to get paranoid over everything
Steven: I fully support fighting with smoking in public places, convincing people to quit smoking, start diverse diet and avoid unhealthy food.
Steven: But I'm honestly surprised that scientist devote so much time to analyze what and how causes cancer, and there is still no certain cure for it.
Steven: The more we study world, the more substances we analyze, and the more we analyze the more conclusions we have.
Steven: So in near future we might learn that literally everything causes cancer because that's how the world was programmed 
Betty: I'm no radical paranoic Steve I'm just saying, that if you don't have to expose yourself to additional risk, then don't do it.
Summary: Betty warned Steven about some cancer-causing part of his diet. He refuses to avoid it.
Dialogue: Paul: Sorry, I'm late sending this, but I'll have a copy tomorrow in any case
Paul: <file>
Jake: Fine, thanx
Paul: There's going to be a short presentation tomorrow
Paul: Let's hope they'll like it
Jake: They will. I'm sure about it
Paul: :)
Summary: Paul sent some files to Jake and there is going to be a short presentation tomorrow.
Dialogue: Paul: where are you?
Paul: hey?
Romeo: in Reims
Paul: fine
Romeo: how are u going? How is your week end?
Paul: fine and you? I 'll stay with my girlfriend this week end
Romeo: lucky you. I'm at a party without any girl😰
Paul: poor little boy😜
Romeo: she does things?
Paul: this is none of your business bro
Romeo: yes it is😜
Paul: nope
Romeo: ok i'll leave you with your honey
Paul: lol, have a good evening.
Paul: keep me a place on monday
Romeo: you'll be alone?
Paul: of course! 
Romeo: i'm very angry 😡
Paul: why?
Romeo: we're at not in the same group
Romeo: luckily you stay at night
Paul: no i'll stay at my grandma
Romeo: to bad 😡😡
Summary: Romeo is at a party in Reims. Paul will be spending this weekend at his girlfriend's. Romeo and Paul will not be in the same group on Monday. Paul will be staying at his grandma's then.
Dialogue: Bill: Some gaming tonight?
Tex: ofc
Bill: later
Summary: Bill and Tex will play games tonight.
Dialogue: Viv: Hi Debs, Happy Birthday!
Debbie: Thank you! The card was lovely and thanks for the pendant too, I love garnets!
Viv: Well, it is your birthstone, love, so beautiful with silver too!
Debbie: Yes, hang on, I'll take a selfie with it on, here you go! <file_photo>
Viv: That looks stunning! I'm so glad you like it.
Debbie: We're off to the Stag Inn near Bath on the weekend, got a voucher from Wowcher, cheapskate that I am!
Viv: Didn't Nigel treat you?
Debbie: Oh yes, just meant that I booked it.
Viv: Is that the place run by Jean Paul Brown, the celebrity chef?
Debbie: Yes, that's right, hope it's ok, it'll be really nice to get away for the weekend for once!
Viv: You'll have to report back if it's really nice, it's my 50th in March, remember!
Debbie: As if I'd forget, got a special day planned or anything?
Viv: I fancy New York for a short break, but that's so expensive, so not sure about that!
Debbie: I would LOVE to go to America! Perhaps we can ditch the men and go together some day!
Viv: Oh yes, a future project! Anyway, enjoy your weekend, love!
Debbie: I will, bye! 😘
Summary: It's Debbie's birthday. Viv got Debbie a present which Debbie enjoyed. Debbie is going to Bath on the weekend. Viv's 50th birthday is in March. Viv would like to go to New York then, but is not sure about it. 
Dialogue: Dave: I need to go to the office ASAP
Emily: What happened?
Dave: I need to send off all the project files I have on my computer.
Laura: Good luck with that
Dave: is there still anyone in the office?
Laura: When I was leaving Jess was still there
Jess: I'm about to leave.
Dave: Can you wait 5 min? I forgot my key.
Jess: Yes, but no more than 5. I have an appointment soon
Dave: Thanks Jess
Emily: If you want to go home I can pop in, I'm just 2 minutes away
Jess: It's ok, anyway I'm finishing off 
Dave: I'll be there in a sec
Summary: Dave needs to come back to his office urgently to send all the project files he has on his computer. He forgot his key to the office. Jess is still in the office, but she needs to leave in 5 minutes. Emily can pop in if necessary because she is just 2 minutes away. 
Dialogue: Merrill: This new system is hard to get the hang of!
Joy: Really? I think it's really easy! Can't wait to use it!
Merrill: I just don't get it... assignments vs tasks vs blah blah blah
Joy: Don't worry. It will click.
Merrill: I go to Monday.com and check out the reviews and they're all good, but...
Joy: Well, what else are they going to say on their own website???
Merrill: Good point, but...
Joy: Look, just give it a chance and don't stress. Okay?
Merrill: I'll try but don't want to get left out!
Joy: You won't! They need you!
Merrill: I guess.
Joy: Trust me, it will click eventually.
Merrill: I sure do hope so!
Joy: I'll help you at first, you'll get it.
Merrill: Thanks!
Summary: Merrill doesn't understand the new system. Joy finds it very easy, so he'll help Merrill.
Dialogue: Javier: hey,you should get the children out of the eastern region, its not safe there
Lozano: hey, its bad out here. the Narcos have taken over
Javier: please get them out of there, come live with us
Lozano: i dont want to bother you guys
Javier: we are blood, we must take care of each other
Lozano: thanks, ill let you know
Javier: ok, please do, as soon as you can
Lozano: i will
Summary: Javier wants Lozano and his children to move out from a dangerous area and live with his family. Lozano will let him know.
Dialogue: Keith: Hola! How are you Linda?
Linda: Buenos Dias Keith! What can I do for you?
Keith: I wondered what she wanted us to do for tomorrow's lesson, I forgot to write it in my planner.
Linda: Well, Keith I was also a bit confused myself! I think it was to explain where the different places in the town were, using the directions.
Keith: Wasn't there something else, a test maybe?
Linda: Oh, yes! We had to learn the various places in the town, I think.
Keith: Well, that's plenty to be getting on with! Wish I could speak Spanish as well as you, mind, Linda!
Linda: Considering we've had our villa for 25 years, it's not too good, Keith! You are so good at remembering vocab, though.
Keith: I enjoy it, keeps me on my toes!
Linda: Did Maria say anything about the end of term get together, do you know?
Keith: Oh yes, it was before you arrived, I think. We were chatting about going to La Mancha on the 10th of July, for lunch. Can you come?
Linda: Yes, it's a few days before we go away for 2 months. I've heard the tapas are amazing! My hairdresser was telling me about it.
Keith: Good, glad you're going, I'll have someone to chat to! You a fan of vino Blanco or tinto?
Linda: Ooh, red is my tipple. Martin loves a nice dry white. 
Keith: OK, stuff to do. See you on Thursday!
Linda: I'll be there! Adios.
Summary: For tomorrow's Spanish lesson Linda and Keith have to prepare homework and learn the names of places in their town for the test. Keith and Linda are going to attend the end-of-term get-together in La Mancha on July 10th. After that Linda goes away for 2 months.
Dialogue: Chris: thanks again dude👌🙌
Chris: you really came through for me today
Chowder: a brother for a brother, so its nothing really
Chris: next time you need some help with the project, just call me
Chowder: haha, i will
Chris: haha cool
Chowder: cool then
Summary: Chris has received help from Chowder today.
Dialogue: Ana: Hey, what time are you coming?
Lisa: four or five p.m. 
Lisa: How that suits you?
Ana: Ok I'm going to order pizza
Ana: Any wishes?
Lisa: Just pick some, no meet
Ana: Done
Ana: I'm glad you'll be our guests finally
Ana: And kids will have fun with a puppy
Lisa: They can't wait actually
Lisa: very curious to see their favourite auntie running a new house ;-)
Ana: Oh, what have you told them?
Ana: I could imagine
Lisa: All the good things, don't worry
Lisa: We'll have a great time together
Lisa: Text me in case, we have to bring something and see you soon
Summary: Lisa and the kids are coming over to Ana's house in the afternoon. Ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog.
Dialogue: Alvin: Have you paid for the rent in this month?
Bert: Nah, I've lost the data in order to make the bank transfer
Alvin: wait a second, I will send you all the info that you need
Bert: Thaaaaaanks
Alvin: Here you are <file_photo>
Summary: Alvin's sent Bert the data in order to make the bank transfer for the rent this month.
Dialogue: Timothy: We're coming tomorrow!
Regina: I'm so excited!
Lorenzo: Great! I prepared the room for you, I hope you'll like it.
Regina: You're so nice!
Timothy: What's the weather down there?
Lorenzo: it's chilly but not cold
Timothy: haha, what does it mean for you Sicilians?
Lorenzo: Like 16-19 degrees
Regina: Celsius?
Lorenzo: hahaha, yes, sure!
Regina: unbelievable, so warm!
Lorenzo: LOL, not really
Timothy: for us it's almost summer
Regina: 😍
Regina: see you tomorrow in the paradise!
Lorenzo: ahahaha, see you tomorrow!
Summary: Timothy is coming to visit Regina and Lorenzo in Sicily tomorrow. He's gonna stay at Lorenzo's. The weather is around 16-19 degrees Celsius. 
Dialogue: Ollie: Mum, can you let the cat it. It's meowing under my window.
Jennie: It's under your window. Let it then!
Ollie: But I'm busy. In the middle of a raid and I can't leave the PC
Summary: Ollie asks Jennie to let the cat in because he's busy playing a game on the PC.
Dialogue: Jose: <file_gif>
Jose: wohooo, I passed the driving test!
Julie: <file_gif>
Julie: Congrats!!! So happy for you!
Jose: it feels great :D
Julie: so now you need to look for a nice car right?
Jose: <file_gif>
Jose: yeah, I've already started looking :D
Julie: that's perfect :D
Summary: Jose passed his driving test. 
Dialogue: Sara: Hello, we are coming to your apartment tonight around 22:30 is that ok for you?
Silvia: Hi Sara, yes it's okay. My sister Catia will be waiting for you with the keys
Sara: Did you get my email with the names?
Silvia: Yes, thank you
Silvia: Please let me know if you need anything. Catia does not speak English very well but you can call me anytime
Sara: Is there an iron in the apartment?
Silvia: Yes, iron, hairdryer, towels, maps, cutlery... everything you need :)
Sara: Should we pay the deposit in cash to your sister?
Silvia: Yes, please. 
Sara: Anything else?
Silvia: The tax I mentioned in my email, it's 10euros
Sara: OK we will pay her 60 eur
Silvia: OK. I'll be in the other apartment tomorrow afternoon, text me if you need anything and we can meet tomorrow
Sara: I'll text you in the morning and let you know
Silvia: Then I'm out of town for the weekend but Catia and her husband will take care of the apartment. Her husband speaks English
Summary: Sara is coming to Silvia's apartment tonight around 22:30. There is an iron, hairdryer, towels, maps, cutlery etc. there. Silvia's sister Catia will be waiting with the keys. Sara will pay the deposit and the tax (60 euro) in cash to her. Catia does not speak English, but her husband does.
Dialogue: Carlie: My little one just woke a few steps today
Rylen: Wow
Carlie: What about yours?
Rylen: He is still on the bed,
Carlie: Has he started to speak something?
Rylen: Yeah he says Mama and Dada :P
Carlie: Cutee
Rylen: Our child need to be friends some day :)
Carlie: Yeah they will
Rylen: I have to boil the rice for my child now
Carlie: ok sure
Rylen: What do you feed your child?
Carlie: He eats cerelac
Rylen: Fruits
Carlie: Only Banana
Rylen: Great
Carlie: hmm
Rylen: I will also try to feed mine a banana
Carlie: sure :)
Summary: Carlie's child just walked a few steps today, Rylen's is still on the bed, but says "mama" and "dada". Carlie's child eats Cerelac and bananas. 
Dialogue: Barney: Does anyone know where I can buy this kind of bark that orchids grow in?
Lewis: Don't tell me you've taken up gardening :D
Barney: No, I dropped my mum's favorite orchid and now I have to replant it before she comes back.
Lewis: LOL, you're so clumsy!
Judith: Wait, I'll ask my Mum.
Lewis: You can always say it was the cat's fault :P
Barney: Then she'll say it was my fault anyway because I let the cat do it.
Lewis: Do you think she won't notice that you replanted it?
Barney: I hope so :D No, but in all seriousness, I hope that if she sees I did all I could to save it, she won't be that mad. She got that bloody plant from Dad on their 25th anniversary, it means a lot to her.
Judith: I'm back.
Barney: And?
Judith: Mum says to try at The Home Depot. She buys pots for her plants there.
Barney: Thank you! I've already ordered an identical pot from Amazon, but I forgot to order that bark too, and now it's too late to buy it online. Why can't orchids grow in soil like normal plants?
Lewis: Because they're too fancy for that?
Barney: LOL, right :D Okay, thanks for help, guys. And by “guys” I actually mean Judith :P Now I've gotta go to The Home Depot and pray that they have that goddamn bark there...
Summary: Barney dropped his mom's favorite orchid and needs to replant it. His mom got the plant from his dad for the 25th anniversary. Barney already ordered the pot from Amazon, but forgot the bark. Judith advised him to try The Home Depot.
Dialogue: David: Hi, how are you?
Janette: All good, hbu?
David: Good
David: Just bought plane tickets.
Janette: Already?
Janette: Ok, I'll take a look at the prices now.
David: It's better to buy them sooner than later.
Janette: Give me a sec.
Janette: Are you still there?
David: Yes
Janette: All done. Now I gotta think if I need some extra baggage
David: I know you well enough to know that you do need an extra bag, hun
Janette: Okay, I'll add 20kg bag now.
David: Gotta go, take care and pack wisely.
Janette: Ttyl
Summary: David bought his tickets. Janette buys her tickets, urged by David. She is going to pack her luggage.
Dialogue: Larry: You there?
Gabe: Yup
Larry: Wanna come over and play some co-op shit on my PS4?
Gabe: Ok for me
Larry: Good!
Summary: Gabe is coming over to Larry's to play games on PS4.
Dialogue: Greg: so what time r we meeting?
Greg: 7?
Sandra: Oh, that's too early
Sandra: I want to work at least till 7
Greg: Hm.. so what time can u make it to the centre?
Sandra: 9, 10?
Greg: hmm.. I need to get up early 2morrow..
Greg: let's meet some other day, Thursday?
Sandra: ok, I'm good with Thursday!
Greg: cool!
Summary: Sandra and Greg won't meet today as Greg needs to get up early tomorrow, so they'll meet on Thursday instead. 
Dialogue: Nadia: we are going to Castle Park in a bit for a run around. Wanna join us?
Nadia: you don't actually have to run obviously.
Claire: We are at the zoo! Till Sam is off watching the rugby this afternoon x 
Nadia: aha have fun
Claire: you too lovely x 
Summary: Nadia invites Claire for a trip to the park. Claire declines as she is at the zoo.
Dialogue: Wanda: hey
Zoe: heya
Wanda: i'm so bored
Wanda: <file_gif>
Wanda: please entertain me while I wait in this never-ending line
Zoe: hahaha
Zoe: what are you waiting for?
Wanda: lost my metro pass, have to make a new one
Wanda: and literally everyone else on earth is here doing the same thing
Wanda: :'-(
Zoe: awwwww poor thing
Zoe: can't you listen to music?
Wanda: i forgot my headphones at home
Wanda: <file_gif>
Zoe: face palm is correct
Zoe: we could play I Spy... it would be more challenging because we are in different locations :P
Wanda: LOL sure
Zoe: what are you doing after you accomplish this slow-moving quest?
Wanda: no plans
Zoe: wanna meet for coffee?
Wanda: sure :) 
Zoe: I spy... with my little eye... the end of the line!
Wanda: lol not exactly 
Wanda: i'll let you know when i finish here :D
Summary: Wanda has lost her metro pass. Now she's waiting in line to make a new one. After she's done, she and Zoe will meet for a coffee.
Dialogue: Adeline: Hi! :) Are you busy rn?
Naomi: hi! no, what's up?
Adeline: I need an opinion from, let's say, a third party.
Naomi: ok, so what's going on?
Adeline: As you know, Matt lives with his mother and, well, he's not the most independent man in the world.
Naomi: mhm and...?
Adeline: Two weeks ago we talked about this and Matt agreed that he should move out and start living like an adult.
Adeline: He said that he'll do it as soon as he ends his doctoral thesis and he estimated that it'll take him about a year.
Adeline: But yesterday he said that he's not going to move out until he finds a good job.
Adeline: And he estimated that it's going to take him about 1,5 year.
Adeline: Do you think that he's giving me the runaround, that he's not gonna move out?
Adeline: I really don't know, what to think about it.
Adeline: Am I too naive?
Naomi: hmmm, that's tough
Adeline: I know :/
Adeline: I don’t know if I should get involved with him.
Adeline: I don't want to be in a relationship with a mama’s boy. :/
Naomi: 1,5 year is a long time to wait for a guy to get emancipated...
Naomi: do you love him?
Adeline: I think so.
Naomi: hmm, i really don’t know how to help you :(
Naomi: wait
Naomi: but you said that you were going to move to another city in march
Adeline: yes, and...?
Naomi: well, maybe it’ll encourage him to move out too...?
Adeline: I don’t know... maybe?
Summary: Adeline's boyfriend, Matt, doesn't want to move out of his mother's house and keeps finding excuses. Adeline doesn't want to wait for him for 1.5 year. She will be moving to a different city in March. Naomi suggests he should move with her.
Dialogue: Jenny: girls, do you think I can wear the green dress to the wedding?
Phoebe: why not?
Jenny: I don't want to look more splendid than the bride, ahahah
Jeniffer: so put the black one on, it's also beautiful
Jenny: you're right, thanks!
Summary: Jenny hesitates about wearing a green dress to the wedding. Jeniffer suggests to Jenny to wear a black one.
Dialogue: Roger: Mike. You there?
Mike: Yep. What's up?
Roger: Have you started the job I gave you?
Mike: Not yet, but I am about to start.
Roger: Well, hold on.
Mike: Why is that?
Roger: It seems we are not qualified.
Mike: Who says?
Roger: Jeff had a meeting with management.
Roger: Apparently, they are afraid we can't pull it through.
Mike: Bullshit!
Roger: I know.
Mike: So what are we supposed to do now?
Roger: Just wait, I guess.
Mike: I cancelled all other jobs.
Mike: I'm just supposed to sit here doing nothing?
Roger: Afraid so. For now.
Mike: How long it's gonna take?
Roger: Not sure. They are gonna give us some expert.
Mike: Expert my ass. I'm takin on another job.
Roger: What if the expert shows up tomorrow?
Mike: Will have to wait till I'm done. that's all.
Roger: OK. You do that. We'll see what happens:)
Summary: Mike will start the job Roger gave him soon. Jeff met the management. They decided to give Roger and Mike an expert. Mike cancelled all the other tasks. In the meantime they need to wait. Mike is starting a new job.
Dialogue: Nelly: Help!
Gina: What's up?
Nelly: I'm stuck.
Gina: The essay?
Nelly: I have no idea what other arguments I could use :-(
Gina: I've finished.
Nelly: Can you help me somehow? 
Gina: Do you want to read mine?
Nelly: No. That will only make me more depressed. You're so creative. I can't think of anything...
Gina: I'm not saying you should copy my work. I'm just suggesting that it should be some food for thought.
Gina: Here it is
Gina: <file_docx>
Gina: Read. Think. Write :-) 
Nelly: WOW. Thanks.
Gina: Good luck!
Summary: Nelly sends her essay to Gina in order to help her deal with writer's block.
