Dialogue: Anne: I just watched that food documentary
Becky: Which one?
Frank: Finally! I told you it's brilliant
Anne: It's terrifying, really
Anne: It's called That Sugar Film, you really should watch it
Becky: I watched Rotten on Netflix and didn't like, I don't argue it's not true, but sounds a bit too hysterical for me
Mike: I've seen it and I think it's great
Anne: But to think about the food and how we eat, what we eat, terrible, I'm really shaken up
Anne: Especially as the guy was eating - healthy food?
Frank: Well, actually he wasn't eating healthy, he was eating what media called healthy or light
Anne: I don't get how people can eat like this
Mike: But don't you?
Anne: I'm not drinking this much fizzy drinks like Mountain Dew and such
Mike: Yes, but you eat a lot of cereals
Becky: Hm, I need to watch it, but from what you're saying it doesn't strike me as something revolutionary - sugar is bad for you, do you need to watch a film to know it?
Frank: I think the terrifying part is how the food industry is lying to us, producing food that's supposed to help us be healthy and fit, but is actually getting us diabetes
Mike: Told you long time ago that you should read labels, every single time
Anne: Not everyone has time for that
Becky: Really? It doesn't take that much time
Frank: I started doing it after watching this film and it's really difficult to find something not highly processed
Frank: There's sugar everywhere
Summary: Anne's shaken up after watching the food documentary. 
Dialogue: Rufus: Guess what Martha did
Stella: She sat everything in fire?
Rufus: Let's not get too carried away
Stella: I'm pretty sure she pissed u off
Rufus: <file_photo>
Stella: LOL
Rufus: She's crazy
Stella: Did she leave u this note while u were away?
Rufus: Nope, I had been in my room this whole time
Stella: lol
Stella: She's messed up
Rufus: funny thing is, I had no idea I'm using her sugar
Stella: Didn't she write which sugar is hers? So reckless of her ;P
Rufus: Maybe she will
Stella: And this message is RUDE. how did u react?
Rufus: I dealt with it like neurotypicals do, I talked to her
Stella: <file_gif>
Stella: so proud of u
Rufus: she seemed perplexed that we communicate face to face
Stella: leaving notes is way more efficient
Rufus: anyway, I'm pretty sure she's too socially awkard to know that she did sth strange
Stella: are u telling me that leaving notes for someone who is present is strange? O_o
Stella: <file_gif>
Rufus: :D
Summary: Martha left a rude note for Rufus so he talked to her face to face about it.
Dialogue: Loyd: giiiiiiirls i need your help xd
Molly: hey :D
Molly: what is it?
Loyd: so there's a girl
Loyd: and i'd like to invite her on a date, but i don't know where
Rachel: ooooh nice B-)
Rachel: cinema, your place, restaurant, pub, cafe, options are endless
Loyd: i know...that's why i can't decide
Molly: i think restaurant is too fancy, cinema lacks talking and pub is too friendly...jesus christ, a difficult choice indeed xD
Loyd: you see :/
Rachel: invite her to your place, cook something, set the mood ;)
Loyd: that sounds nice....let's give it a try
Summary: Loyd will follow Rachel and Molly’s advice, and he’ll invite a girl back to his house for a date.
Dialogue: Scarlett: I am asking you to think about us for the last time...
Hugh: I really can't any more, I'm afraid.
Scarlett: Maybe take some time to think things over
Hugh: What is the point of it?
Scarlett: There are still some options 
Hugh: Like?
Scarlett: Like a therapy e.g.
Hugh: But we're struggling all the time.
Scarlett: But you know it was not like this before.
Hugh: We tried so many times
Scarlett: And you think it will be better with somebody else?
Hugh: I hope so.
Scarlett: And I don't believe it, there will be the same problems. You know it. You always close when we are too close.
Hugh: Maybe you're closing me?
Scarlett: This is so painful. 
Hugh: You wanted to talk.
Scarlett: And I regret already.
Summary: Hugh and Scarlett's relationship is struggling. Hugh wants to end it, but Scarlett suggests that there are still some options like therapy.
Dialogue: Martin: do you have any food allergies? 
Martin: I'm planning the menu for the party
Helga: cashew nuts
Helga: I mean, I won't die, but I'm bloated as hell
Nicky: I'm lactose intolerant
Helga: I think David is vegan
Martin: yeah I remember
Summary: Helga is allergic to cashew nuts, Nicky is lactose intolerant and David is vegan.
Dialogue: Jude: Hi sister! Am on the train now. You know what? I've forgotten my reading glasses on the table.
Bora: Typical! You can always get a pair of glasses at any supermarket. Maybe even at the airport?
Jude: Am a bit annoyed with myself. I had ample time at home. Just didn't go around.
Jude: Yes, I'll buy a pair at the airport. Till later!
Bora: Take care!
Summary: Jude has left his reading glasses on the table. He will buy a pair at the airport.
Dialogue: Jonathan: hey 
Jonathan: u going to Josh?
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Julie: still undecided
Julie: <file_gif>
Chloe: guess so 
Keith: don't think so
Keith: you?
Jonathan: uhm... still don't know
Jonathan: i'll go if there's someone i can talk to :D
Julie: yeah exactly why i'm hesitating
Julie: xD
Chloe: so now there will be the 3 of us :D
Keith: hmm in that case maybe i'll go too...
Jonathan: ok then see u tonight
Julie: ok:D
Keith: yeah ok xD
Chloe: ok see you there
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Summary: Jonathan, Julie, Chloe and Keith are going to Josh tonight.
Dialogue: Bill: Maybe try this one <file_other>
Nate: Nah, the indoors are too modern.
Bill: Is there a restaurant they'll like?
Nate: Probably an old-fashioned one with traditional food.
Bill: I don't think we have such places here.
Nate: Me neither.
Summary: They probably like an old-fashioned restaurant with traditional food. There is no such place in the city.
Dialogue: Kevin: I've been a PC user since I was 8
Kevin: But there is one thing I've never learnt
Victor: ?
Kevin: Neat and clean desktop
Victor: Hahaha
Kevin: <file_photo>
Kevin: Icons, folders, documents, everything
Victor: <file_photo>
Victor: Mine doesn't look much better
Kevin: Haha. High five.
Victor: High five. xD
Summary: Kevin has been a PC user since he was 8 years old. He does not know how to keep a neat and clean desktop.
Dialogue: Tom: No I am not! :D
Kate: (Y)
Gwyneth: Layla, please post that group photo :)))))
Layla: Wait.... cause my hubbie is very sad and doesn't want to listen to me anymore
Audrey: It was cool to meet you all. Layla - thanks for creating this opportunity! And again: the age serves you... :*
Layla: <3 file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo if you have your own photos - please post them...
Audrey: I'm not there.... :(((((
Gwyneth: Awesome pics and awesome party
Kate: me and Gwyneth look like we were opera divas :D
Gwyneth: (Y)
Kate: :D :D :D
Summary: Layla organized a party. Layla sends photos from the party to Tom, Kate, Gwyneth and Audrey. 
Dialogue: Ula: Good evening, could we meet up in order to sign our lease renewal?
Anna: Good evening, yes. Can we meet next week? Which days would be suitable for you?
Ula: Of course, no problem. The best would be Tuesday after 5:30pm or Friday after work
Anna: Unfortunately my schedule after work is packed.
Ula: And what about the weekend?
Anna: Sorry, but we won't be in the city. Perhaps we could sign it over the email?
Ula: Of course, my email is: <file_other>
Anna: Ok, I will send it by the end of the week.
Ula: Thank you. Actually, we also have one more issue :) Recently we have had a problem with the front entrance, the code for opening the doors didn't work and as you know we don't have the key.
Anna: We also don't have the key, otherwise we would have given it to you
Ula: Could we get one from the building's manager?
Anna: I will give him a call tomorrow. 
Ula: In case he doesn't have the key, we can ask a neighbor.
Anna: That is a good idea. After you make the key be sure to deduct the cost from your rent. Are there any other problems with the apartment?
Ula: No, the first year here has been great. Hopefully the second will be similar
Anna: I am happy to hear that. Let me know in case of any issues.
Ula: I will be sure to. Have a nice evening :)
Anna: You too :)
Ula: Thank you
Summary: Anna will e-mail Ula the lease renewal agreement. Anna will call the building's manager to address Ula's problem with the front door.
Dialogue: Jeremy: Seems I can't log into my work account today. Have you had any problems today with logging in?
John: No. My one seems to be working fine.
Jeremy: Strange. My one keeps on saying - no such user.
John: Are you sure you're typing in the right login and password?
Jeremy: Yeah, I checked it's definitely the right user name and password.
John: I can't help you much on that one then. Maybe ring tech support and see what they say.
Jeremy: Oh joy! Here comes 45min of hanging on the phone to speak to some numpty that probably won't solve the problem.
John: Yeah, but what else can you do?
Jeremy: True! I guess I better brace myself and ring the helpdesk. I've think they've grown to hate me with all the problems with that account. 
Summary: Jeremy cannot log into his work account. He is dreading the prospect of having to call tech support.
Dialogue: Carla: i'm at the supermarket
Carla: do u need anything?
John: three granny smith apples please
Carla: that's it?
John: that's it
Summary: John needs three granny smith apples from the supermarket. 
Dialogue: Una: are you guys hiring?
Midge: I'm currently not looking for anyone
Midge: but I can ask around in the other departments
Una: Please I'd be very greateful
Midge: what happened?
Midge: everything ok at work?
Una: no not really
Una: my boss is a fucking psycho
Midge: Well yah I know I met her
Una: so you know what I'm talking about
Midge: yeah I know I'll ask around
Una: thanks let me know
Summary: Una is looking for a job because her boss is crazy. Midge has met Una's boss. Midge isn't hiring at the moment, but she will ask around if other departments are hiring. 
Dialogue: Robert: Hi Matt
Matt: Hi!
Robert: How are you doing?
Matt: good, thanks, you?
Robert: good as well
Robert: It was very nice to see you again yesterday, although by chance
Matt: yes, it was quite crazy, I didn't expect to meet you on the subway
Robert: me neither
Matt: Maybe we should meet again, and not on the subway?
Robert: I'd really like to
Matt: When are you free?
Robert: now always on Mondays and Tuesdays
Matt: So maybe Monday evening?
Robert: great
Matt: we could have a dinner together
Robert: let's do it
Matt: Do you want me to pick you up after you're done?
Robert: That would be nice!
Matt: ok, so I'll be there at 7PM
Robert: good!
Summary: Matt and Robert will meet on Monday at 7PM. Matt will pick Robert up. They will have a dinner together. 
Dialogue: Franek: <file_photo>
Wanda: Is that your sister?
Franek: No, My mom
Wanda: Oh haha
Summary: Franek sent a photo of his mom.
Dialogue: Victoria: Did you see this? <file_other>
Monica: Oh noooo. Are they splitting up?
Victoria: I’m afraid they are
Sally: How come? They were so adorable together ☹
Monica: My thoughts exactly! ☹
Victoria: You know what they say about perfect couples… There were many scratches on this glass, if you ask me.
Sally: What do you mean?
Victoria: There is this Facebook group about celebrities and girls there say that he cheated on her!
Monica: That’s impossible! My Johnny?! He’s my favourite actor ☹ The world ends today!!!!!!!!
Sally: Sources?
Victoria: Haha, Sally, our little geek
Victoria: <file_other> <file_other>
Monica: Nooooooooo
Sally: Turns out there’s nothing sacred in this world, huh?
Monica: :(
Summary: Victoria, Monica and Sally are gossiping about celebrities. An actor by the name Johnny is getting separated. Rumour has it that Johnny was cheating on her.
Dialogue: Kim: hey did you see mikes email?
Kim: why do we have to pay more money???
Lars: <file_gif>
Linda: how much did you pay in septermber?
Kim: cant remember now. around 50-60
Lars: we had 1500 in total end of sept. like... where is it?
Summary: Kim doesn't understand why she, Lars and Linda are supposed to pay Mike more money. Kim has already paid about 50-60 and 1500.
Dialogue: Josh: and? does it work?
Abby: ya... I guess
Josh: nice, I knew you can do this!
Abby: it's thanks to you :)
Josh: no problem :)
Summary: It works for Abby thanks to Josh's help. 
Dialogue: Chloe: My costume is not ready
Katy: Whatcha meannnnn
Chloe: The purple part is torn off, no idea why
Katy: Loool you gotta do sth about it
Chloe: I cant repair it right now, I gotta find sth else
Katy: Naaaah dont give up, wear it and sew it just a little bit in a train so it doesnt fall of completely, itll be ok
Chloe: Sewing in a train XD
Katy: Cmon it is weird but you dont have any choice
Chloe: ok ill do it, itll end up in a distaster ;P
Summary: Chloe's costume isn't ready and she is in need of another one. Katy suggests she makes last minute repairs and wears it anyway. 
Dialogue: Francis: Hi there. I'm on my way home. Is there any food for me or should I buy something? I'm starrrving
Rita: Ehem ehem we haven't actually eaten ourselves and were wondering what to cook but there's not much food
Rita: Do you think you could buy some veggies?
Francis: Yeah. Which?
Rita: Alma's going to cook
Alma: You can improvise but I'd say the usual thing: carrots, broccoli, potatoes
Alma: Erm what else... oh ONIONS
Alma: Plus rice if you don't mind
Francis: Mmmmmmmmmmm could we go for pasta this time? I'm tots bored of rice at this stage
Alma: It's ok. So perhaps you could also buy tomato sauce then?
Francis: Sure, will do
Alma: Thanks xx
Summary: Francis is hungry. Alma is going to cook. Francis will buy carrots, broccoli, potatoes, onions, rice, and tomato sauce on Alma's request.
Dialogue: Agnes: Hi Viola!
Agnes: how are you? How's your new job?
Viola: Hi there!
Viola: thanks, Im fine. New job also good.
Agnes: do you have a lot of work?
Viola: not really
Viola: ;)
Viola: now Im mostly learning about the company's system in procedure
Agnes: thats good
Agnes: Im sure you'll learn everything soon!
Viola: I hope
Viola: :)
Agnes: and how's your new boss? and the new colleagues?
Viola: quite ok
Viola: so far so good ;)
Agnes: :)
Viola: the people are ok
Viola: quite helpful, I can ask a question if I dont know sth
Agnes: thats very good
Viola: yes :)
Viola: i got to go now.
Viola: Thanks Agnes! take care! :*
Agnes: Bye! And good luck with the new job! :*
Viola: thanks! :*
Summary: Viola has a new job. Now she's learning about the company's system in procedure. The people at her work are helpful.
Dialogue: Tom: Hi, are you back already?
Maya: Yup, I got back home yesterday. I've just finished unpacking.
Tom: And? How it was?
Maya: Awesome! I mean, I knew China is pretty, but damn!
Tom: Wanna elaborate on that? :P
Maya: Definitely yes, but maybe wait till we meet in person? I've got so many stories to tell!
Tom: Okay, okay, I just wanted to know if everything went well. You seemed pretty nervous before you left.
Maya: I was a bit anxious, that's true. You know how I *love* flying :P 
Tom: But you didn't crash :D
Maya: Not this time :D Though it was a bit scary, I've never had such a long flight. Tina fell asleep as soon as we took off and she left me all alone! 
Tom: Poor you :P Think about the times it took people weeks of sailing to get to China.
Maya: You know what? I think I'd prefer that. I love the ocean!
Tom: You'd get bored in a day or two. And people back then didn't wash themselves :P
Maya: You know you've just ruined all period dramas for me? 
Tom: Always at your service :D See you tomorrow?
Maya: Dunno. Mum wants to go shopping. I'll call you in the morning, okay?
Tom: Okey-dokey ;)
Summary: Maya got back from China yesterday. Maya will tell Tom all about the trip in person. Maya doesn't like flying. Maya will call Tom in the morning to tell him if they're meeting tomorrow, as she may go shopping with her mom.
Dialogue: Rose: Whoa, cool pic!
Sue: Thanks! That's actually from Dan's birthday party.
Rose: Haha, don't remeber much from that night, so I'll just take your word for it ;)
Sue: Yup, it got pretty wild later on.
Rose: Either way you look gorgeous ;* 
Sue: Thank you <3
Summary: Sue uploaded a picture taken during Dan's birthday party.
Dialogue: Toby: Kai, where are you?
Mike: we've been looking for you
Kai: I left half an hour ago, I didn't feel well really
Mike: Why didn't you tell us?
Kai: I didn't want to make a drama
Mike: what is going on
Kai: still the stomach ache 
Toby: ok, let us know when you get home
Summary: Kai left half an hour ago because she didn't feel well.
Dialogue: Agnes: Hey :) did you come back safely?
Jake: Yes, I did.
Agnes: Our date was special and I thank you for that :*
Jake: I'll remember it too :)
Agnes: I miss you already...
Jake: me too, we'll meet tomorrow, okay?
Agnes: I don't think I can wait till tomorrow...
Jake: you can do it! good night sweetie.
Summary: Jake made it home safely after the date with Agnes. They will meet again tomorrow.
Dialogue: Linda: Has my parcel arrived?
Owen: I don't know anything.
Jean: Yes it has. I've left it on your desk.
Linda: Thanks!
Summary: Jean has left Linda's parcel on her desk.
