Dialogue: Bart: can I leave Spot with you next Saturday?
Mike: sure
Bart: great, I need to help my GF with her move and I don't want to leave him alone for the whole day
Mike: don't worry, he'll be fine with me
Bart: thanks :)
Summary: Bart will leave Spot with Mike next Saturday. Bart will be helping his girlfriend move.
Dialogue: Grayson: are u free this afternoon?
Nancy: yes I don't have any plans
Grayson: can i swing by your place?
Grayson: i'd like to meet your new cat :-D
Nancy: yes! come on over
Nancy: she's adorable
Summary: Grayson will come over to Nancy's place to see her new cat.
Dialogue: Nora: You're back in town?
Ben: Yes, just landed.
Nora: How was the flight?
Ben: Tiring. And a bit agitated. 
Nora: Glad you landed safely. 
Ben: Yeah, me too. 
Nora: Home or office now?
Ben: Office. I have to leave some paperwork there. 
Nora: What time are you going to be back home?
Ben: Around 6:00 or 7:00. 
Nora: Supper?
Ben: Yes, please. 
Nora: What do you fancy?
Ben: Chinesse?
Nora: Ate yesterday.
Ben: Indian?
Nora: Okey. I'll order. What do you want?
Ben: Pick something for me, will you?
Nora: Okey, I'll think of something good. There is a new restaurant at the corner. Maybe we'll try them?
Ben: Good idea. 
Nora: Text me when you get out of the office?
Ben: Sure. 
Summary: Ben has just arrived and now is in the office. He should be back home at 6 or 7. Nora is going to order Indian food for supper from a new restaurant.
Dialogue: Meg: hey did you get the money? I made the transfer yesterday
Robert: yep, thanks
Meg: sorry so late!!!
Robert: no problem :) we've already paid it all. the gift is wrapped and ready :)
Meg: I know, thanks a lot!
Summary: Robert received money Meg transferred. Robert has already wrapped the gift so it's ready.
Dialogue: Meg: Ladies.. Can you recommend a good hairdresser? I wanna change my hair style!
Jane: Tony&Co are the best! If you have a specific style you would like take the picture with u! X
Laura: Bella Hair Studio- ask for Ashley
Beth: I go to Alex Hairdressing. They really know what they’re doing! X
Robin: I like Angel Hair Company but they are expensive.
Eva: Hair House only! You won’t regret it! They do amazing things there! x
Summary: Meg asks her girlfriends to recommend a good hairdresser. Jane, Laura, Beth, Robin and Eva give her some recommendations. 
Dialogue: Leo: hey jess
Jessie: hey
Leo: so what're u doing this weekend
Jessie: yea let me have a look at my tight schedule -_-
Leo: yea who am i kidding. you're always free
Jessie: so what up
Leo: we could maybe go out
Jessie: is it YOU who's asking
Leo: what does that mean
Jessie: its always me coming up with the ideas
Leo: yea right
Jessie: it is right
Leo: so?
Jessie: so i am right
Leo: i mean what do you think
Jessie: oh you mean for the weekend
Leo: yea
Jessie: yea okay, cool
Leo: btw.. you still have to come up with a place to hangout xD
Jessie: see.. ._. always
Leo: it was my idea tho XD
Jessie: WOW -_-
Summary: Jessie and Leo will hang out at the weekend, but Jessie has to come up with a place first. 
Dialogue: Tina: Hello Mrs. Jones. I'm really sorry, but my timetable at uni has changed and I won't be able to come on Thursdays any more.
Karen: Oh, that's not good Tina. Is there any chance it will change again or maybe you could change it somehow?
Tina: I'm afraid not, I already spoke to my supervisor and there's nothing they can do.
Karen: Hm, we need to make it work. Kids really like you.
Tina: It's nice to hear Mrs. Jones. I like them as well and would like to keep working for you.
Tina: <file_other>
Tina: Here's my new timetable. I think it shouldn't change until the end of the semester.
Karen: Thank you Tina.
Karen: I see that you have Wednesdays off. I think we can make it work. Let me consult it with my husband first
Tina: I understand. I have less classes this semester, so I can also come for the evenings as well.
Karen: That would be wonderful. Do you know anyone who may help us out on Thursdays?
Tina: Hm, I'll talk to my friends at uni, I think it won't be a problem.
Karen: Great, please let me know when you find someone. I'd happily meet them, just in case.
Tina: I understand, I'll let you know as soon as I find someone.
Summary: Tina won't be able to come on Thursdays any more, because her timetable has changed. Karen still wants Tina to teach her children. Tina can come in the evenings. Tina will look for someone willing to teach Karen's children on Thursdays.
Dialogue: Francis: I need some new shirts honey, the old ones are worn out already...
Skyler: I thought you bought 3 new ones recently
Francis: I did but I forgot one at the hotel on a trip to Spain last month
Skyler: and the other two?
Francis: well one was ruined during ironing...
Skyler: ahh right... my fault :( sorry again about that
Francis: don't worry, accidents happen
Skyler: it's good that i did not burn down the house :D
Francis: hahah ye :D
Skyler: well so shall we go to the store during the weekend?
Francis: you know how much I hate going there :/
Skyler: how are you gonna get new shirts then sweetheart?
Francis: you know this store we always go to, Peek&Cloppenburg
Skyler: how could I not? ;) what about it?
Francis: they opened a new online shop, like Zalando :D
Skyler: really? :D That's perfect for you!
Francis: yeah, i already looked something up, can you help me choose?
Skyler: sure my handsome man :*
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: mmmm do they have this in dark blue?
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: that's the one! get it pleeease! :*
Francis: haha okey, I also need a white one, let me find something
Skyler: sure, waiting
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: i don't really like the buttons... too flashy
Francis: they have one with regular buttons too, i thought you would like this one
Skyler: no.. not really sorry :( but if there is one with regular ones then it will be perfect
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: this one is great, you can take it too! :)
Summary: Francis needs to buy new shirts, because the old ones are worn out. Francis will buy new shirts in an online shop opened by Peek&Cloppenburg. Skyler advised him to buy a dark blue and white shirt.
Dialogue: Kevin: Rachel, Thomas is here if you need a break...😜😜
Rachel: Yesss!!! Yesssss!!!! Yesssss, pleeeease!!!! Tell me something to tell him!!!
Claire: Hi?
Rachel: Hi? I would need to sound a bit more "professional" if I want to pretend I'm still working
Claire: Good morning?
Rachel: Oh... I need to sign some documents... I'll go down to do that in front of him!
Kaylee: He is gone
Kevin: Too late 😂😂😂
Rachel: Nooo!!! 😩😩😩😩 Bring him back ASAP
Summary: Rachel has missed her opportunity to talk to Thomas.
Dialogue: Mark: I've got a weekend off
Mark: A miracle! ;)
Julie: :)
Mark: Let's go to the botanics if the weather is okay
Jo: Good idea!
Jo: There is a nice path from your place
Jo: 25 mins walk
Julie: The one with the colourful playground?
Jo: Yeah
Mark: Saturday afternoon? 
Julie: works for me
Julie: Jo?
Jo: I'm not 100% at the moment 
Jo: Will give you a call later
Summary: Mark has a weekend off so wants to go to the botanics. Mark and Julie agree on Saturday afternoon. Jo isn't sure at the moment and will give Julie a call later.
Dialogue: Jessica: What chapter are we supposed to read to?
Dex: 11
Jessica: Are you sure?
Dex: I think so?
Jessica: Oh, great! I need to know!
Dex: I'm sure, 100% it's 11.
Jessica: Okay. Geez. That's a lot.
Dex: I'm already ahead so nbd for me.
Jessica: No fair!
Dex: Of course it's fair. I did the work!
Jessica: You have no life!
Dex: Possibly. But at least I will get an education!
Jessica: So will I! Just in other things!
Summary: Dex and Jessica are supposed to read to chapter 11. Dex is already ahead, Jessica is behind.
Dialogue: Pauline: Hey Carl, it turned out I have to go to Lyon tomorrow to see my grandma
Pauline: She had a heart surgery today
Pauline: Please tell me if we can meet on Monday
Carl: Hi Pauli, sorry I was at work all day and then gym and another meeting...
Carl: I hope your grandma recovers soon and I am sure she will!
Carl: We can meet on Monday or any day next week, no problem
Pauline: Thank you!
Carl: It might be a hard moment for you but I am sure things will turn to positive side soon!
Pauline: Thanks for all kind words
Pauline: Really nice to hear that now
Pauline: I'll let you know on Monday morning then and we will see when you are available
Summary: Pauline is going to Lyon tomorrow to see her grandmother, who had a heart surgery today. She and Carl are going to meet on Monday or next week.
Dialogue: Wyatt: I won 4-1 with Logan :D 
Wyatt: I totally whipped his ass :D
Sadie: Congrats, babe, I'm proud of you! :* :* :*
Summary: Wyatt won 4 to 1 with Logan. Sadie congratulates him.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: How about the cathedral?
Kathleen: Eh probably there’s a tower…
Elizabeth: Yes, there is ;]
Kathleen: No way, I’m not climbing some stupid stairs
Elizabeth: You can wait outside, it’ll not take long…
Kathleen: Great, standing there alone, nice organization!
Elizabeth: How on earth am I supposed to organize anything when you are against anything I come up with!!
Kathleen: Maybe you just have bad ideas ;/
Elizabeth: The rest of the group is not complaining, only you
Kathleen: Maybe you just don’t know about it
Elizabeth: Listen, I’m done, I will not ask you about anything, you’ll see the program in a few days and tell me if you want to go or not
Kathleen: It’s even worse, you promised everyone will have a chance to express their opinions!
Elizabeth: But I didn’t expect anyone to behave in a way that you do, sorry
Kathleen: I’m just not agreeing to everything, unlike others! I have my own views about all that, I won’t change my mind
Elizabeth: Soo you’ll decide in a few days
Kathleen: That’s a bitch move
Elizabeth: Alright, we’re getting that far… Be careful
Kathleen: Pff stop threatening me
Elizabeth: I’m not threatening, those messages are being saved, I can show them to coordinators and you may have to leave the group because you behave in an inappropriate way
Kathleen: Seriously!
Summary: Kathleen does not agree with the suggestions Elisabeth does for the trip. Elisabeth finds Kathleen's behaviour difficult to organise something for. She threatens to show Kathleens messages to the coordinators.  
Dialogue: Betty: Are you free today?
Nicky: Not really :( But I'm free tomorrow.
Betty: Good. Tomorrow at Zach's?
Nicky: Same time, same place :-)
Betty: What are you doing today?
Nicky: I'm seeing Jack. 
Betty: :-) Is everything ok between you two?
Nicky: I think so.
Nicky: Yes, it's fine. Finally.
Betty: Love is in the air?
Betty: <file_video>
Nicky: I love this song :-) Yeah... love is in the air :-)
Betty: Like in a fairy tale.
Nicky: Well... sometimes it feels more like a psychological drama. But for now it's a fairy tale.
Betty: It can't be perfect all the time.
Nicky: I know. How about you?
Betty: I thought we would meet tonight and now it turns out I'm free. So, basically ... well ... I have no idea what to do in the evening but I will think of something :-)
Nicky: Don't do anything stupid  :-p
Betty: Me? I'm a good girl.
Betty: <file_gif>
Nicky: I've known you for too long to believe that!
Betty: Have fun and see you tomorrow :-)
Nicky: Thanks. See you :-*
Summary: Nicky and Betty are meeting tomorrow at Zach's the same time as before. Nicky will see Jack today. Betty has no plans for tonight just yet.
Dialogue: Bill: One more minute in this traffic jam and I will kill somebody
Helen: Easy easy
Bill: Can't calm down because I'm stuck in the traffic jam, battery's gonna go flat in any minute and I'm almost out of gasoline.
Helen: Upps. Will you be able to reach gas station?
Bill: Hope so.
Helen: Let me know if I can help
Bill: No you can't. I'm at the other side of the city and there is no way to tell when I get home
Helen: Waiting for ya.
Bill: That's the only thing that keeps me sane
Helen: Luv ya.
Bill: love you too <3
Summary: Bill is stuck in a traffic jam and running out of gas. Helen is waiting for him.
Dialogue: Jack: Dad where's mom
Dad: i dont know son, tell me if you dont find her
Jack: why
Dad: well go find you a new mom xD xD
Jack: dad -_-
Summary: Jack and Dad don't know where mom is.
Dialogue: Liz: we're going to Madrid!
Katherine: say whaaaat gurl
Liz: yeah, me and Jerry
Liz: first to Berlin
Liz: we're there for like two nights
Liz: and then we fly to Spain! <file_gif>
Katherine: niceeee
Liz: end of March, beginning of April
Liz: im so exciteeeeed
Katherine: happy for u :)
Summary: Liz and Jerry will go to Madrid at the end of March. They will spend two nights in Berlin first. 
Dialogue: Sally: hi
John: hello! what's up?
Sally: we need to start working on the presentation
John: I already did some research online but I doubt it will be enough
Sally: I think we need to visit the library for this one
John: why not
John: whatever it takes to get this done
John: I need a good grade for this one
Sally: me too
John: how about Tomorrow after classes?
Sally: works for me
Summary: Sally and John has to work on their presentations. They will meet tomorrow to prepare it.
Dialogue: Henry: I'm sad
Dick: Don't worry
Carl: Be happy! :P
Summary: Henry is down. Dick and Carl cheer him up.
Dialogue: Robert: Have you done the transfer?
Julia: For the university?
Robert: Yes, the fees
Julia: I did a few days ago
Robert: Perfect, thanks
Summary: Julia transferred the fees for the university a few days ago.
Dialogue: Tom: I'm from Straya and you?
Paula: Minesota
Tom: Ya in the US are very self-confident
Paula: I wouldn't say that we're self-confident, we just have good soft skills
Tom: Gnarly
Paula: How about Australian people?
Tom: We're neither like British people nor the Americans
Summary: Tom is from Australia. Paula is from Minnesota.
Dialogue: Katie: I need a new winter coat, any suggestions are welcome.
Emily: eBay :P
Sara: I wanted to say the same thing! I spent most of the weekend at the mall. Three different malls, actually. There's only that oversized crap everywhere :/
Emily: Exactly. I hate that when something's fashionable, you can barely find anything else.
Katie: That's what I meant when I asked for suggestions. I look stupid in those oversized coats, I'm too short and plump for them.
Sara: And I'm looking for something smart. I can't walk around with my rich-ass customers looking like a mountain climber on Mount Everest :P
Katie: I've just checked out eBay and there's lots of nice stuff there, but there's another problem...
Emily: Which is?
Katie: Too much choice! When I'm at a store, I have a limited number of clothes, it's easier to pick out the ones that seem interesting to me. On eBay there's too many of them and at the same time pictures can't show me what exactly they look like. I simply don't think that eBay is for me :(
Sara: I get it, but I'm not sure if you're going to find a nice coat anywhere else.
Summary: Sara and Katie like shopping on eBay, but there's too many choices for Katie.
Dialogue: Ella: hi, i had a crazy night
Scarlett: what happened?
Ella: Adrien was at my place last night
Ella: it was quite nice, but strange
Scarlett: why?
Ella: I'm not sure what's between us
Scarlett: maybe you just need some time
Ella: Possible.
Ella: But I feel attracted and at the same time I find him almost repulsive
Scarlett: Why repulsive?
Ella: He's a kind of a bad boy
Scarlett: what do you mean?
Ella: he's very destructive, doing strange things, exaggerating with pot etc.
Ella: He tired to commit suicide  for example 
Scarlett: so a guy with problems
Ella: very much so! He has scares on his wrists.
Scarlett: But are you afraid of it?
Ella: He just seems to be 17 yo, while he is 30! It's not a guy you can settle with, I am afraid
Scarlett: I see, not good
Ella: I will tell you more tonight
Scarlett: ok
Summary: Ella spent the night with Adrien. She is attracted to him. She is also very concerned about his mental state and past destructive behaviour.
Dialogue: Lorry: I'm running 10 min late..
Tereza: Ok dear, we are waiting in the main car park
Lorry: Is Tony coming along?
Tereza: Yes he just arrived
Lorry: Ok
Lorry: See you soon!
Summary: Tereza is waiting with Tony at the main car park. Lorry will be 10 minutes late.
Dialogue: Miriam: Make a note of the date of our next blog post deadline, will you?
Jim: Sure. It's the 10th, right?
Miriam: Yes, every month we should publish at least one post by that date.
Jim: No problem. I'm making it a regular deadline alert.
Miriam: Good. then we have no excuses!
Jim: Right.
Miriam: We just need to come up with the topics.
Jim: Exactly.
Miriam: Probably we should make another deadline around the first of the month to decide on the topic.
Jim: That would work. 
Miriam: Gives us plenty of time for collaboration.
Jim: Yes.
Miriam: Great. Make notes of both and share it with everyone, let them edit so topics can be suggested in the notes field.
Jim: Will do.
Miriam: Thanks!
Summary: Jim will create two deadline alerts: one for the selection of the topic and one for posting an article on the blog. He will also make editable notes of both and share them with everyone.
Dialogue: Helen: How much did you pay last night? 
Monica: <file_photo> here's the whole bill 
Helen: OK, do we split the wine as well? 
Monica: Why not, but the appetizers are on me.
Helen: you don't have to!
Monica: But I want to. Can't I buy you something from time to time? 
Helen: Alright, as you wish... thanks you! 
Monica: Thank you for being there for me all the time ;* 
Helen: Don't mention it. <3
Summary: Monica agrees that the costs she covered last night should be split between herself and Helena except for apetizers which shall be on Monica.
Dialogue: Dennis: Man, I hate Louis
Dan: What? Why
Dennis: He keeps hitting on Mandy in front of me
Dan: Uhhh
Dennis: Yeah, uhhh
Dan: That's douchebag-tier stuff
Dennis: Yeah, I should kick him in the balls
Dan: Well, he certainly has a pair since he's hitting on your former gf and you're twice as big as he is
Dennis: Right... that asshole, I'm gonna kick his ass
Dan: Lol
Summary: Dennis is angry at Louis for flirting with his ex-girlfriend Mandy.
Dialogue: Daniel: <file_photo>
Fred: <file_photo<
Daniel: Hahaaha. Your is better.
Fred: :D
Daniel: I love photo booths. When there is any kind of event and you have photo booth and accessories, everything gets better.
Fred: Alcohol + photo booth = memories
Daniel: and controversial photos :D
Fred: Haha. I have this one friend that loves taking pictures of drunken friends 
Fred: He doesn't blackmail them, but as you may guess, no one is happy that someone has embarassing photo of them on their phone ;D
Daniel: Ehh. Life is so simple when you don't drink too much.
Fred: Said no one ever hahah!
Summary: Daniel and Fred exchanged photos from photo booths. Fred has a friend who takes picture of drunk friends.
Dialogue: Jasmine: I'm super stressed.
Olivier: Why?
Illy: Me too...
Jasmine: Too much work
Jasmine: Deadlines approaching 
Illy: I have 3 exams next week 
Olivier: It seems I'm the only relaxed person in this group. 
Summary: Jasmine is stressed because she has too much work. Illy is stressed because she has 3 exams next week. Olivier is relaxed.
Dialogue: Nina: On a mission to declutter my house!
Mark: Go girl! Go!
Nancy: have a good day decluttering! I guess..
Kelly: good luck!
Sam: you can do it! x
Jess: don’t be too hard on yourself!
Summary: Nina is decluttering her house. Mark, Nancy, Kelly, Sam and Jess are supportive.
Dialogue: Everett: have you see tristan lately?
Emily: i haven't
Everett: i wonder what he's been up to
Emily: i hear he has a new job that has been keeping him crazy busy
Everett: we should go out with him soon
Emily: yeah he's a nice fun guy, let's get in touch with him
Everett: i lost his number though
Emily: don't worry, i'll set something up
Summary: Everett and Emily want to get in touch with Tristan, who's been lately very busy in his new job. Emily will contact him because Everett doesn't have his number.
Dialogue: Kelly: Mum's phone is off
Kelly: She told me to buy some chocolate
Kelly: But I don't know which one... 
Kim: You don't know your own mother...
Kelly: 😰
Ken: She only eats dark chocolate
Kelly: Brand?
Ken: Buy anything organic/fair trade
Ken: At least 70% cocoa
Kelly: Thanks
Kim: I guess she's the only one at home eating them
Kelly: True
Kelly: Do you guys want anything from the shop?
Kim: Nope
Ken: I'm ok. Thanks
Summary: Kelly will buy dark chocolate for her mother.
Dialogue: Adam: Did that customer find what he wanted?
Sheila: Not really, but I don't think we carry that sort of thing.
Adam: What was it?
Sheila: A special tape. Something for electrical.
Adam: He should have gone to the hardware store.
Sheila: That's what I told him, but he'd been there and they didn't carry it either.
Adam: Well, none of our stuff is up to that spec.
Sheila: That's what I told him. But he bought something anyway.
Sheila: I made darn sure he knew what our return policy is!
Adam: Good. Hopefully it works for him or at least doesn't hurt him!
Sheila: I know!
Adam: Anything else?
Sheila: Nope. Pretty quiet other than him!
Adam: K
Summary: Sheila's customer couldn't find what he wanted but he bought something anyway. Sheila made sure he knew what their return policy is.
Dialogue: Alice: DIY beauty products? Yes or no?
Ella: they are getting more and more popular
Janet: our mums used to make them
Sam: I’d be very careful if you have acne prone or sensitive skin 
Alice: my skin is normal i think
Ella: i have sensitive skin and DIY products seem to be better 
Alice: they are supposed to be more natural, gentle and simply work better
Sam: always use best quality products though
Ella: that’s for sure
Janet: they take time to make and won’t last long so it’s a big no no for me!
Ella: also remember about proper storage- most of them you keep in the fridge
Alice: oh, ok
Janet: so what beauty products do you actually make?
Ella: body & facial scrub, facial wash and mask and toner
Sam: eye cream, moisturizer and serum
Ella: and lip balm
Alice: WOW! 
Janet: what do you use to make them?
Ella: things like honey, coconut sugar, beeswax, almond oil, rosehip oil, apple vinegar 
Sam: as well as shea butter, coconut oil, essential oils 
Ella: you’ll find loads of recipes online
Sam: start with body and hair products and if you like them try face products
Alice: xxx
Summary: Alice wants to make DIY beauty products. Janet doesn't want to make cosmetics herself, but Ella and Sam already make them. Alice will look for recipes online and start with body and hair products. If she likes them, she'll try face products. 
Dialogue: Martha: What do you think?
Martha: <file_photo>
Daniel: It's ok
Jessica: Oh yes! gorgeous!
Summary: Martha shares a photo with Jessica and Daniel.
Dialogue: Peter: Guys, billiard today at 6? I have to try my new cue
Andrew: Sure
Eric: I already made plans :(
Peter: No worries, beating Andrew will be pleasurable enough ;)
Andrew: We saw what happened last time haha
Summary: Peter and Andrew are playing billiard today at 6. Eric can't make it.
Dialogue: Frank: <file_other>
Louie: are you going to this event?
Frank: that's why i am sending it ;)
Louie: i will let you know later ok? need to check up with kylie
Frank: okey please do
Louie: kk talk to you later
Summary: Frank is going to the even. Louie needs to check up with Kylie and he will let Frank know.
Dialogue: Cora: So, what's the plan?
Kevin: Well, if you're so interested, I'll tell you!
Francis: And the tension rises!
Kevin: After we eat, we go drinking!
Cora: Drinking? Not much of a plan...
Francis: I dare to disagree ;)
Kevin: But w8! There is more!
Cora: Please do tell :)
Kevin: Not only do we drink, but also we go from pub to pub, from park to park and drink even more!
Francis: SLAP to me! A great one! Thank you, mastah!
Cora: Oh, all right... Let's get wasted!
Kevin: That's the spirit!
Summary: Cora, Francis and Kevin are going to get drunk.
Dialogue: Bob: Gus, what's your status?
Gus: What do you mean? On my way! 
Bob: Really? Game starts in 5 min
Terry: Fuck, I will be late 
Bob: Whaat
Bob: You know they close the gates for those first 10 min of game
Bob: New security reasons
Terry: Well, hopefully they will let me in after that
Gus: I should manage
Gus: But don't let anyone take my seat
Bob: Oh I won't
Bob: I wanna scold you personally for fucking up
Gus: hahah I'l find myself some other spot to sit
Bob: huh, try me
Terry: I will let you talk shit 
Terry: but after the game
Bob: deal
Gus: coming through the gates now!
Bob: I think I see you
Summary: Gus came in time for the game. Terry will be late and he hopes they'll let him in after the first 10 minutes of the game.
Dialogue: Carl: Are you going to James'?
Melissa: Yeah.
Carl: Bring your new friend.
Melissa: Why?
Carl: You know why ;)
Summary: Melissa is going to James'. Carl wants Melissa to bring her new friend.
Dialogue: Lisa: can you buy something for dinner?
Lucy: what?
Lisa: sushi?
Lucy: okay
Summary: On Lisa's request, Lucy will buy sushi for dinner.
Dialogue: Morgan: <file_other>
Lilly: haha, what's this?
Morgan: my new car! :D
Morgan: <3 <3 <3
Lilly: you can't afford it you fool :P
Summary: Morgan got a new car.
Dialogue: Tom: Where RU Christie?! We're all waiting for you in front of the cinema!
Christie: I'm on my way Tom, I got stuck in traffic, there was an accident!
Tom: Hurry up, the movie starts in a few minutes!
Christie: I'm almost there!
Summary: Tom and the other people are waiting for Christie at the cinema. Christie is almost there, stuck in traffic, due to accident. 
Dialogue: Amelia: I’ve just listened to No Doubt song Don’t Speak on the radio! So awesome!
Harry: 1995! can't believe how old i am!
Beth: i used to love it! Gwen's still so young looking! my idol!
Gina: I haven't heard Don't speak for ages!!! 
Ben: thanks for reminding me of that song!
Nina: i listen to it whenever i feel down because of my relationship! haha!
Mark: i'm gonna go listen to it right now! cheers!
Summary: Amelia heard the song Dont Speak on the radio and loved it. Harry, Beth, Gina, Ben, Nina and Mark like it too.
Dialogue: Ian: Hi Gus! Are you free tonight?
Gus: Yes, why? 
Ian: I have two free tickets to the cinema.
Gus: For what movie?
Ian: I don't remeber the title, it's something about climbing.
Gus: Meru? Really? Where do you get these tickets? 
Ian: Do you know this movie?
Gus: Of course! It's the best movie about climbing ever!
Ian: Ok, so let's meet about 8 pm at Clyde's pub ok?
Gus: Ok, I'll be for sure! Sould I bring antyhing?
Ian: No. I have everything we will need.
Gus: Great! See ya...
Summary: Ian has two free tickets for "Meru". Gus considers it to be the best movie about climbing. Ian and Gus will meet at Clyde's pub at 8 PM.
Dialogue: Piper: Have you picked up the kids?
Maverick: LOL, I forgot
Piper: very LOL indeed
Maverick: I'm going there now, no worries
Summary: Maverick forgot to pick up the kids, he's going now.
Dialogue: John: Hello Al, you coping ok?
Al: Hi there! Snowed under John, same as you, I'm sure!
John: I'll be so pleased when this bloody term is over!
Al: You and me both! 
John: God! Just remembered we scheduled some revision classes at Easter, so bang goes the second week off!
Al: Oh yes, what joy! We're going to Sara's parents in Leicester for the first week, so I won't be able to pull out my books and laptop there much!
John: Oh yes, the parents-in-law holiday visit, lovely! Don't worry lad, we've got revision stuff all prepped from last year, you should have been sent the file by Brian or Hilary.
Al: Oh, I'll dig it out, (if it's there!) and have a read over it next week.
John: Oh shit, I remember Romeo isn't on there, we didn't do it last year, someone's going to have to write up some sheets for it! I'll mention it to Hilary tomorrow in the staff meeting.
Al: Should I offer to do it?
John: Yeah, if you're up for it! It'll earn you some Brownie points with Hilary and Senior staff when it comes to renewing your contract. 
Al: OK, then, I'll tell her tomorrow at the meeting.
John: Good idea, I haven't got your youthful energy!
Al: Well, I really need to be kept on, we want to start trying for a baby soon!
John: Are you nuts!? No, seriously, you definitely need to be in a secure job first.
Al: When will they decide about my contract, John?
John: After Easter I should think. I'll put a word in, of course, as I'm your line manager.
Al: You're a pal, John, thanks! 
John: Better get back to marking Of Mice and Men, then, the excitement might kill me, though!
Al: I've been running through the themes with my middle group, they are not exactly bright sparks, are they?
John: Had then last year, they may surprise you come exam time, mind! They don't say a lot, but some of their work is promising.
Al: Hmm, maybe, anyway, see you at the meeting first thing!
John: Right, bye!
Summary: Al will write up some sheets for John. Al wants to start trying for a baby soon but he needs a secure job first. John will support Al in renewing his contract after Easter. Al will see John at the staff meeting tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Raven: Good morning Mr Lewis, just to be clear - are we meeting tomorrow or on Wednesday? All the best, Raven Powell
Mr Lewis: Wednesday at 9:00. Best regards, Mr Lewis
Raven: Okay, that's what I thought - thank you for letting me know. Have a nice day!
Mr Lewis: You too Raven.
Summary: Raven and Mr Lewis have a meeting on Wednesday at 9:00.
Dialogue: Zachary: what did you choose?
Dale: I think that barbecue is better than billiards 
Dale: and definitely better than doing nothing
Dalton: Yep, we came up with the same thing
Zachary: So it is
Zachary: <file_gif> 
Dale: you seem rather cold and distant
Zachary: it's just I don't give a fuck what are we gonna do cuz I will have fun anyway
Dalton: that's an interesting approach
Zachary: everybody should do the same and there would be no conflicts at all
Dale: If everybody would think the same as you, nobody would do anything
Dalton: that's a good point ;P
Summary: Zachary, Dalton and Dale are going to a barbecue.
