Dialogue: Richard: Are you okay?
Julian: yep.
Richard: really?
Julian: fuck off.
Summary: Julian says he's okay and tells Richard to fuck off.
Dialogue: Adam: No need to come now.. dinner is served and party will be over soon.
John: but i am outside and they are still setting up the table.
Adam: lol really your there... we will be there in 10 mins
John: what? none of you is here? why were you messaging me?
Adam: because we want you to wait like we always wait for you :P
John: shiit! lol
Summary: Adam lies to John about coming to the dinner which isn't served yet to make him wait for them just as they always wait for him.
Dialogue: Grace: Hey lady
Grace: Today I saw you in town.
Ruth: Really?
Ruth: Why didn't you stop me?
Grace: You were in Galitos and I could not have stormed in just to greet you.
Ruth: Of course you would have.
Ruth: There is no harm in doing that.
Grace: 😂😂The embarrassment though.
Ruth: Furthermore I would have given you a piece of my pizza.😂
Grace: Pizza is bomb🤤
Grace: Be sure next time i will not need any invitation😂
Ruth: You are still welcome🤣
Grace: Okay. BTW, do you think we can catch up some time?
Ruth: Yeah sure. Just say the day.
Grace: Tomorrow?
Ruth: I'm in.
Grace: Okay see you then
Ruth: Bye
Summary: Grace saw Ruth in Galitos but she thought it would be embarassing to get in and greet her. They will meet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Felicia: Are you still at the university?
Jeremy: Yeah, I'm going to the library right now
Felicia: Ok, just tell me if Johnson's book is available
Jeremy: What happened again?
Felicia: The library's site has been down for over 24 hours now and I can't check availability
Jeremy: Ok, I'll ask, no prob
Summary: Jeremy is at the library. Library's website is offline. He will check if they have Johnson's book at Felicia's request.
Dialogue: Tally: Hey do you feel like going for a beer after work?
Tally: I need to head down to the bank and arrange a few things
Tally: So we could meet afterwards in the park
Tally: Maybe at the smaller cafe:)
Iggy: Yes why not! Sounds like a good idea :)
Iggy: I don't have any plans
Tally: Cool, the weather is nice too!
Tally: Ok, just send me a message when you leave the office
Iggy: I will ;) 
Summary: Tally is going to meet Iggy at the smaller cafe. Iggy will send Tally a message when she leaves the office.
Dialogue: Adam: We have a new neighbour
Ben: He/she?
Adam: He
Ben: Damn
Paula: He's really nice ;) I met him this morning
Adam: Here it goes...
Paula: Here goes what? I just wrote he's nice :D
Ben: Great, so he's good-looking
Claire: And how do you know?
Ben: Paula's enthusiasm speaks for itself
Claire: Hahaha, ok, but is he though? Paula?
Paula: He's nice ;)
Adam: What about we ask him to come over?
Ben: What? A good-looking guy? Brilliant idea, Adam
Claire: Trust me, it won't change a thing for you darling :D
Ben: Oh how dare you!
Paula: So... Saturday? :D
Summary: Adam, Ben, Paula and Claire have a new neighbour. Paula met him in the morning. Adam will invite him for Saturday.
Dialogue: Michael: Amber, you don't look well.
Amber: Yes ! I had a fever last night
Michael: Have you seen doctor??
Amber: No , not yet.
Michael: Are you taking any home made remedies?.
Amber: yes I am.
Michael: But still you must go and see doctor
Amber: Yeah i will
Summary: Amber doesn't look good as she had a fever last night. She hasn't seen a doctor yet, but she's taking some home-made remedies. 
Dialogue: Robert: yo did u talk to the teacher
Bale: i did but she wont do it
Robert: what do u mean she wont do it
Bale: i asked her to push the deadline forward a bit
Robert: and?
Bale: i had to get a lecture -_-
Robert: she says she wont do it
Bale: not per say
Robert: what do u mean
Bale: she didnt say she wont do it
Robert: what are u sayin
Bale: she says she'll think about it
Robert: come on man we have to submit that project or else our grade will fall down like a tree in the storm
Bale: like a tree in the storm?? xD xD
Robert: do we have time for jokes? :/
Bale: i dont know do we have time for old phrases xD
Robert: ugghh
Summary: Robert and Bale have to submit the project. Bale asked their teacher to push the deadline but she hasn't given them the answer. 
Dialogue: Terry: We're leaving tomorrow at 8
Nicky: very good, is everything ready?
Terry: yes, almost
Manuela: Will you pick us up?
Terry: where are you?
Ron: in Duitama
Ron: are you going to Cucuta?
Terry: yes, we are
Ron: so it's on the way
Terry: right!
Terry: so be ready about 13
Terry: like lunch time
Ron: thanks!
Terry: no problem!
Summary: Terry is leaving tomorrow at 8. Manuela and Ron are in Duitama, going to Cucuta. Terry will pick them up at about 13. 
Dialogue: Harry: sorry i'm not picking up the phone, it's just really noisy in here
Maria: I thought you were ignoring me
Harry: i would never ignore you! lol, what's up?
Maria: my friends from work and i are going to a concert tonight and we have an extra ticket, would you like to go?
Harry: I'd love to
Summary: Harry would love to join Maria and her friends for a concert tonight.
Dialogue: Maggy: What time are you waking up tomorrow?
Henry: We're leaving home at 7
Henry: So I guess I'll wake up at 6
Maggy: Wow! I didn't think it would be so early
Maggy: But of course it's better to be there earlier than later
Henry: Yeah... cause at the underground station were going to there are really few parking places
Henry: and theyre taken quickly during rush hours
Maggy: Oh yes! I remember you told me once about this problem with parking places
Henry: Btw how are u?
Maggy: Im extremely tired... apart from that I dont really know
Maggy: What about u?
Maggy: Will you be able to sleep tonight? 😜
Henry: I sure hope so!
Henry: Wish me good luck!
Summary: Henry will wake up at 6 am tomorrow. They are leaving home at 7, since there are few parking places at the underground station.
Dialogue: Greg: where we want to go tonight?
Mickey: i need some fucking vodka and that's all
Greg: what happened?
Mickey: i had an argument with Alex
Greg: again?
Mickey: you see! you too can see that!
Greg: ofc, you are arguing every day
Mickey: i can't stand her any more
Greg: so going out and drinking til morning is great idea
Greg: she will be pissed off
Mickey: very well, she deserves it
Greg: but i don't want to hear her name tonight!
Greg: going out with you after another argument is always the same
Greg: you're crying and calling her to apologise
Mickey: yyy, i don't remember anything like this!
Greg: last Friday?
Greg: sounds familiar?
Mickey: just a little
Mickey: i wasn't crying!
Summary: Mickey and Alex argue very often and they have just had another fight. Greg and Mickey are going out tonight. Every time Greg and Mickey go out in these circumstances Mickey eventually calls Alex to apologize just like he did last Friday.
Dialogue: Bert: So who went to the party, then?
Nigel: Kate was there, Brian, Monica, Bill. And a lot of people I don't know.
Bert: Which Kate? The one who is going out with Tim Wright?
Nigel: Yes, that one. But Timbo was nowhere in sight.
Bert: That's interesting. Maybe they have broken up?
Nigel: Well, I wondered about that but I didn't like to ask where he was in case it was a senstive topic.
Bert: And what about Robert?
Nigel: You mean Robert Colby?
Bert: Yeah.
Nigel: He was there with his wife.
Bert: Wife? I didn't know he was married. Finally picked one out, eh?
Nigel: Yes, a red-headed, elegant woman. Very pretty. Can't remember her name now.
Bert: No doubt as thin as a rake, knowing Robert.
Nigel: She was not that thin by his standards. BMI about 15 or something I expect. 
Bert: No need for the saline drip on standby then?
Nigel: No, but we did need to take care not to bump into them while dancing because everyone was afraid she might snap.
Summary: Nigel reports to Bert the participants of the party.
Dialogue: Trish: hi girl
Trish: i know your a fan of Friends
Rose: hi there
Rose: thats true
Trish: i got a tshirt with them
Trish: would you wear it if i gave it to you?
Rose: of course
Trish: cool
Rose: thanks, ill pick it up next time
Summary: Rose is a fan of "Friends". Trish got a T-shirt with them, she will give it to Rose.
Dialogue: Gina: help! I need to get a present for my parents 30 anniversary
Gina: and have no idea...
George: its hard to buy presents
George: I never know what to buy and get sth in the last moment
Gina: thanks, George! But it doesnt help ;)
George: :P
Gisella: they already have everything I think
Gisella: if you dont know what to buy, maybe a voucher?
Gisella: to a hotel, restaurant, theatre?
George: to give them a choice
Gina: Oh, I didnt think about that
Gina: may be a good idea
Gisella: there are different vouchers, it all depends how much money you have
Gina: this is their 30 anniversary
Gina: it must be something special
Gisella: oh
Gisella: maybe a weekend in a nice hotel?
George: sounds good to me! Like a spa
George: just two of them together, in some nice place
Gina: sounds just great!
Gisella: and when is the anniversary?
Gina: on 1 December
George: thats soon
Gina: I'll check out the voucher options
Gina: thanks, guys!
Gisella: always welcome!
Gisella: :*
Gina: :*
Summary: Gina will check out a hotel or spa voucher as a gift for her parents 30 anniversary.
Dialogue: Warren: look at this cute turtle! <file_photo>
Stacy: ooooh so sweeeet
Whitney: I love turtles <file_gif>
Stacy: now I want a baby turtle <3
Warren: haha
Warren: yeah turtles are 
Stacy: especially the little ones <3
Summary: Stacy wants to have a baby turtle. 
Dialogue: Nestor: <file_photo>
Nestor: I think this semester I won’t be able to resist enrolling in random seminars which I find interesting
Aida: Please DON’T
Aida: As a person who had always done it and always regretted in the end, I feel like you really shouldn’t
Aida: Ehem but I haven’t even asked which seminars
Aida: 😅
Nestor: History of imperialism in Latin America, Racism in Brasil (!!!), Critical Theory and many many many MOOORE
Aida: Oh sounds good, especially the one about racism
Aida: Perhaps you could just attend without enrolling?
Nestor: Mmmm
Aida: I thought you were thinking of an academic career and all these seminars are unrelated to your degree
Aida: Remember your grades are Sacred, your diploma has to be flawless, etc.
Nestor: AAAAAAA
Nestor: You’re touching on difficult subjects here
Aida:?!
Nestor: I’ve only got one A this year… Professors mostly refuse to give better grades than a B here :(
Aida: Fuckers. Sounds like the French system. Only the professor merits an A
Nestor: Something like that, actually our education system is very similar
Nestor: But I didn’t even want to talk about uni!!
Aida: Ooops 🤫
Aida: On a different note… I’m polishing my Portuguese listening to Ludmilla, do you know her? 🤣
Nestor: lol yeah
Nestor: They usually play her songs at parties, etc.
Nestor: But I don’t listen to her myself
Aida: Such a shame. I can’t stop singing “Hoje”. A smashing hit 🥁💥
Nestor: You should tots check out Pabllo Vittar if you happen to have discovered a craving for shitty music
Nestor: He’s really “good”
Aida: Interesting
Aida: Obrigada 😻
Summary: Nestor is thinking of taking History of imperialism in Latin America, Racism in Brasil, Critical Theory etc. at university. His grades aren't very good. Aida thinks Ludmila's songs are really bad. Nestor recommends listening to Pabllo Vittar.
Dialogue: Ritie: Got home alright? Call me back pls.
Susan: Took longer than usual as streets were impassable at places. Too late to phone.
Ritie: OK. Sleep tight.
Susan: You too.
Summary: Susan got home safely. 
Dialogue: Bella: Are we going to buy anything for the teacher?
Trevor: why?
Bella: At the end of the course
Kevin: Nice idea! She's the best language teacher I ever had
Bella: Exactly, and she's done it completely for free
Trevor: Ok. Flowers? 
Bella: or a voucher
Kevin: Or both, it's not much
Bella: 20 euro each?
Kevin:👍 but ask also tomorrow after the lesson, most of them don't even check the group
Summary: Bella, Trevor and Kevin are going to buy flowers and a voucher for their language teacher at the end of the course.
Dialogue: Mia: buy eggs
Alan: will do!
Mia: :*
Summary: Alan will buy eggs at Mia's request.
Dialogue: Fred: hey mate! I have to tell you something! We’re having a baby
Mark: shut the front door!
Fred: yeah, it’s official. We’ve already told our parents 
Mark: shit! are you being serious?
Fred: soon everyone is gonna know so wanted to tell my best mate first
Mark: yeah. So how did you feel like when you found out?
Fred: to tell you the truth i felt fear and anxiety
Mark: i bet mate i bet
Fred: but after a couple of weeks it just became all good and basically i can’t wait for our baby to arrive 
Mark: really? just took you a couple of weeks?!
Fred: yeah, you know this is what we wanted just didn’t realise it’s gonna be so quick
Mark: i see. Your whole life is gonna change mate!
Fred: i know
Mark: it’s a huge commitment! I mean i am not ready for it i’m too selfish
Fred: they say it’s all worth it! Besides we’ve got support from our families
Mark: you gonna need lots of support 
Fred: i’m gonna stay positive 
Mark: yeah, just don’t come to me complaining about your new shitty life! Ha ha! 
Fred: good to know you’re happy for us!
Mark: No offence mate! So when’s the baby due?
Fred: in about 5 months
Mark: sorry! I’m really happy for you just don’t want to lose my best mate i guess
Summary: Fred is going to have a baby and he can't wait for it.
Dialogue: Jammy: Hans slipped in the bathroom and broke his left arm. Yesterday. Already in plaster.
Edward: Oh no! Is it at home?
Jammy: Yes. On pain killers. Asleep now. Call u later.
Edward: Do so!
Summary: Hans slipped and broke his left arm. He got some pain killers and is asleep at home.
Dialogue: Lindsay: heyy long time no... text
Max: true dat :) how are you doing?
Lindsay: i was at a house party last night and the host had the same degree that youre majoring in... and what a flat he had !!
Max: ohhh
Lindsay: it made me think of you
Lindsay: and of your great future! :D
Max: hahhaa thats really nice of you i do hope my flat will be equally shiny
Lindsay: <file_photo>
Lindsay: lookk at the size of that TV!
Max: yeah I get what you mean now! it surely is bigger than the current size of my thesis tho
Lindsay: hahhaa... i'm sure you can make it on time!
Max: clock is ticking :(
Lindsay: don't worry about that, just keep grinding!
Max: well thanks for messaging me!
Max: ive gotta get back to work, but we have to talk more :)
Lindsay: let me know when you're free and I'll treat you to a cuppa
Max: best motivation ever! :)
Summary: Lindsay went to a house party last night. The host happened to have the same degree as Max. Lucy was impressed with the host's flat. She shares a photo of the flat with Max. Now Max needs to get back to work, but when he's free, Lindsay will invite him to a cuppa.
Dialogue: Herta: hi, where did you buy this milk? Ive never seen it before.
Laszlo: at the Whole Foods in Arlington
Herta: it's really good
Laszlo: i havent tried it yet, so save some for me :)
Herta: OK. ill pick up some more this week
Laszlo: get some bagels too, i forgot to get some
Herta: alrighty
Summary: Herta likes the milk Laszlo bought at the Whole Foods in Arlington. Herta'll buy some more of this milk and bagels this week.
