Dialogue: Diana: I love traveling, but I love coming home, too!
Michelle: Did you enjoy your vacation?
Diana: It had its ups and downs, but yeah it was really cool.
Michelle: What did you like the best?
Diana: I absolutely enjoyed the kayak trip I took to an outlying island.
Michelle: Did you enjoy the people there? Did they like you?
Diana: Most of the people seemed happy that we were there, but some of them really resented visitors.
Michelle: Did you bring something for me? ;)
Diana: I did get you something, and I will give to you as soon as I'm with you ahah
Michelle: Next time, I am going to save up my money and go with you!
Summary: Diana enjoyed her vacation. She loved the kayak trip. She brought Michelle a gift. Michelle would like to go with her next time.
Dialogue: Kieran: Going to head to the bakery for all you can eat pizza around 6 if anyone wants to join.  going to leave the camp around 5:50
Kieran: Or, you could also just meet me there
Ashley: I am already here (been here all afternoon). I don't know if I will have any pizza, but it will be hard to say "no" since i am already here
Kerry: I'm down
Kieran: to walk or to meet up there
Kerry: either 
Kieran: Ok walk with me then
Kerry: Ok I'll be there
Summary: Kieran's going to go to the bakery to have pizza around 5:50. Ashley's already there and Kerry agrees to go with Kieran.
Dialogue: Harry: should we collect some money for a present for Mia?
Anne: 20 per person?
Tom: sounds reasonable!
Edward: ok
William: 👍
Summary: Harry, Anne, Tom, Edward and William are going to collect 20 each for Mia's present.
Dialogue: Tina: Derek! It's your fuckin turn to do the dishes
Derek: I did them yesterday!!!
Tina: washing one spoon is not doing the dishes
Derek: fuck off
Summary: Tina is angry with Derek because he won't do the dishes.
Dialogue: Shirley: <file_photo>
Shirley: I made these dumplings
Shirley: They are filled with vegetables
Alex: Nom nom.. they look extremely appetising
Alex: 😋😋😋😋😋
Alex: 👏👏👏👏👏
Alex: Did you get the recipe from your new book?
Shirley: No, from YouTube :)
Summary: Shirley made dumplings with vegetable filling. She got the recipe from YouTube. 
Dialogue: Sarah: Baby bump at 36 weeks! X
Nancy: you look glowing!
Kelly: all the best! X
Freddie: not too long to go?! Take care! X
Holly: lovely mum-to-be!
Kim: you look amazing! X
Summary: Sarah is pregnant. 
Dialogue: Sarah: hey what do you add in the coffee? completely forgot.. u told me last time.
Hannah: cardamon and cinnamon stick small bit only.
Sarah: Oh yes thank you dear i really loved the aroma
Hannah: i know it taste good too right?. and no problem
Sarah: yes taste great.
Summary: Hannah adds cardamon and cinnamon in the coffee. Sarah loves it this way.
Dialogue: Evan: <file_other>
Alice: omg this is so funny!
Evan: I know :D
Alice: you should be studying you idiot!
Alice: the exam is tomorrow! :P
Summary: Evan is sending Alice some funny files even though he should be studying for the exam tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Tim: Should we join the yellow vests tomorrow?
Jenny: I'm not convinced by the protest, sorry
Tim: why?!
Jenny: they demand resignation of Macron
Tim: so?
Jenny: I'm not a fan of him, but the president of France doesn't resign, it's just not a part of the system
Arthur: but they also demand other things
Matilda: true, but all of this seems so chaotic to me
Matilda: I don't really understand their demands
Matilda: because the whole fuel thing seems just ridiculous
Arthur: you can read their demands in the internet
Matilda: but I tried and can't find a coherent list or a vision
Matilda: it's not constructive
Jenny: this is also my impression
Summary: Tim proposes to join the yellow vests tomorrow. Jenny and Matilda won't join the protest. The yellow vests demand the resignation of Macron. It is possible to read their demands on the Internet.
Dialogue: John: whats up babes?
Linda: nothing just too low today cant get up from bed...
John: aww what happened?
Linda: nothing i guess sleep deprived... you know Isabelle doesnt sleep at night.
John: i know i am so sorry for that...
Linda: baby i wont be able to cook dinner
John: dont worry we will eat out.
Linda: No just get food on your way
John: why babe? you love going out 
Linda: i do but i am really tired and also she would cry there too so better we eat at home peacefully
John: ok no worries, what would you like to eat.
Linda: get some rice and noodles, no fast food
John: ok i will get from your favorite xyz restaurant.
Linda: so sweet of you darling :)
John: love this smile just keep it babe:)
Linda: love you lots
John: Love you too
Summary: Isabelle doesn't sleep at night so Linda is sleep deprived. John will get some take away rice and noodles on his way home.
Dialogue: Richard: Get back to home ASAP.
Johnson: I am on the way back to home, Dad. What on the earth has happened?
Richard: I just received a call from your Headmaster and I need you to get back right now.
Johnson : I told you I am on my way back to home. What did he actually say?
Richard: They are not satisfied with your academic performance and were also complaining about your behavior
Johnson: I tried my best to perform better in send-ups tried to behave good as well.
Richard: Don't worry. we would work on that. Just get back to home safely. Dinner is about to be served is well.
Johnson: OK! I would be home within 5 minutes, wait for me. 
Summary: Richard wants Johnson to get back home ASAP. Johnson is on his way back home. Richard got a call from Johnson's headmaster. Johnson's headmaster isn't satisfied with his performance and behaviour. Johnson has tried to improve his results and behaviour. Johnson will be home in 5 minutes. 
Dialogue: Magdalene: Are you coming to the cocktail party this Sunday?
Frederick: Yes
Josephine: I don't know yet
Josephine: Jamie is sick
Josephine: If he's not better I'll stay to take care of him 
Magdalene: I hope he gets better soon
Magdalene: I'm going. Let me know if you need a lift. 
Summary: Frederick and Magdalene are coming to the cocktail party this Sunday. Josephine doesn't know yet, because Jamie is sick. Magdalene can give someone a lift.
Dialogue: Harry: Megan, where are you.
Megan: Just cruising around in my new car.
Harry: You kidding, right?
Megan: I never kid. Why?
Harry: Grandma invited us for dinner tonight.
Harry: Don't tell me you forgot. Again!
Megan: Gee! Must have skipped my mind.
Megan: What's the big deal, anyway?
Harry: You know that grandma doesn't like when we are late.
Megan: I know. But frankly, I'd rather skip.
Harry: Megan, you know we can't do that!
Megan: Let's try for once.
Megan: She doesn't even like me and her food is lousy.
Harry: Megan, please!
Megan: But you agree, her food stinks.
Harry: Stinks?
Megan: Not literally, silly! It's no good.
Harry: Agree, not a culinary masterpiece. Usually.
Megan: She doesn't use any spices.
Harry: Well, we must go anyway. So, please hurry!
Megan: Fine. I'll hurry, Harry.
Summary: Megan forgot about grandma's invitation for dinner tonight. She would rather skip it, because she doesn't like grandma's food. She doesn't use any spices. Eventually, Megan and Harry will go.
Dialogue: Brenda: Hello bro, you've got an invalid sister. I fell in the bathroom and badly hit my side. Can hardly move now.
Andy: Good gracious! How did you manage that?
Brenda: The floor was wet after I had a shower and I wanted to shake the rug, moved too fast, slipped, and hit with a thump my left side below the breast against the edge of the bathtub. Took my breath away for a sec. I even yelled or groaned or gasped. Anyway I was on the floor, shocked. Absolutely shocked. I thought, so that's how it happens. But I managed to get up and didn't realise the pain until I stretched to put my nighty on. Oh bro... Horrible....
Andy: You could have killed yourself. Where are you now?
Brenda: In bed. But I can hardly move. It's very painful all over the body. SHIIIIT!
Andy: Maybe you should call in an ambulance? Are you sure you haven't broken something? A rib?
Brenda: No, then I'd be howling with pain. It's just the impact of the fall that has, I don't know, damaged the tissue. Whatever I have here. Fat I suppose. It has to heal by itself.
Andy: Can you breath normally?
Brenda: Yes. I can't take a deep breath though.
Andy: Can you touch your bruised side? Is it swollen? Red?
Brenda: I can touch it, not press of course, but stroke. No, it isn't swollen. The skin is as usual, no discolouration. But this will come later, I suppose.
Andy: Not necessarily. It might as well remain unaffected. I mean the epidermis, the skin itself. Though I'd expect it to develop a bruise.
Andy: Are you coughing? Coughing blood?
Brenda: God! No! I'll see how I feel in the morning. I just need a rest. I feel so rotten, bro...
Andy: My worry would be that you've damaged something inside you. You know, split spleen, punctured lung.That sort of thing.You just watch your body.
Brenda: Yes, I will. I understand what you mean. I thought so as well. Just see how I feel tomorrow morning. Fucking hell! I can hardly pull myself up.
Andy: If I were you, I would go and see the doc first thing in the morning.
Brenda: And he'll send me to have an x-ray. I can't bear the thought of driving or even walking.
Andy: Well, he can come to your place and you'll be driven to hospital in an ambulance.
Brenda: You stop scaring the shit out of me! I am not that invalid. It's just bloody painful but I think I'm in one piece.
Andy: I don't know Brenda. One shouldn't take it too light those falls. You may still be in a state of shock and are underrating your condition. Will you phone me first thing in the morning please? Still from bed? Luise is gone by 7:30, so you won't be waking anyone up.
Brenda: OK brother. I will give you a call. Of course if I'm still alive.
Andy: Sister!! Anyway I wish you a good night's sleep. Have a good rest!
Brenda: Thanks bro. Sleep tight too. 
Brenda: And don't worry about me.
Summary: Brenda fell in the bathroom and badly hit her site. She is now in bed with a lot of pains. She can't take a deep breath. Her brother, Andy, is afraid she damaged something inside her body and tells her to watch it. He wants her to call him in the morning to report how she feels.
Dialogue: Herby: how are you?
Ginevra: fine
Herby: you look nice
Ginevra: thanks ;)
Herby: dinner tonight?
Ginevra: lol no
Summary: Ginevra doesn't want to eat dinner tonight with Herby.
Dialogue: Attila: Dude.i'm in front of the girls' underwear shop..ε=ε=ε=┌(;*´Д`)ﾉ
Baldar: ?? What is the problem? Get in＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)/
Attila: But i'm kinda nervous to enterε=ε=ε=┌(;*´Д`)ﾉ
Baldar: Why the fuck are you there then? ＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)/
Attila: I should buy the gift for my gf's birthday but I don't even know her size. What am I gonna do?
Baldar: Just get size D. Girls like to be misunderstood that way. Act naturally in the shop.  (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Summary: Attila wants to buy underwear as a birthday present for his girlfriend but does not know her size. Baldar suggests that he should buy size D.
Dialogue: Max: what u r gonna bring 4 a school project?
Jerry: didn't think about it yet
Max: u know its next week?
Jerry: oh, right, it's so soon...
Max: anny ideas?
Jerry: not really, no, u?
Max: I thought about volcano
Jerry: classic, u can make it?
Max: dad will help a little
Jerry: nice, I guess I need to think sth fast
Max: yep, times fly and u don't wanna get an f
Jerry: nope, mom would kill me
Max: u r right, your mom it tough
Jerry: I know, got 2 go
Max: see u
Summary: Max will make a volcano for his school project. Jerry hasn't figured it out yet.
Dialogue: Ann: Are you at home?
Tom: Yes, why?
Ann: I lost my English book somewhere. I need to borrow yours for few minutes to copy some pages.
Tom: Sorry, but I left mine at school :(
Summary: Ann lost her English book and wants to borrow Tom's but he left it at school.
