Dialogue: Sasha: Guys I have a question
Ireneusz: What's up?
Sasha: But I really wanted this to stay between us
Brygida: Sure
Ireneusz: will it make me uncomfortable?
Sasha: I don't think so
Sasha: but it's quite awkward and private
Ireneusz: ok...
Brygida: is this some kind of awkward body stuff?
Sasha: ok I have a crush on Fabiano and I don't know if he's gay
Ireneusz: :O
Brygida: I didn't know you're gay
Sasha: do you know if he's gay or not?
Sasha: I don't want things to be awkward
Ireneusz: can't you just ask him?
Sasha: I feel awkward coming out tbh
Sasha: only my really close friends know
Brygida: even if he were gay, you work together so it will be awkward
Sasha: I don't want to ask him, he may say no due to fear or sth
Ireneusz: then come out and see how he reacts
Brygida: I don't think dating a coworker is a good idea
Sasha: but I'm really into him
Ireneusz: you are complaining about your job all the time
Ireneusz: this Fabiano crush could motivate you to work somewhere else
Brygida: and asking him out would be less awkward because it would be awkward dating and working together
Sasha: you're probably right
Ireneusz: and hearing no and seeing each other each day is shitty too
Sasha: I don't know I'm shy
Brygida: shy or not, you kept telling us that you wanna do sth else
Sasha: I'll think about it
Summary: Sasha has a crush on Fabiano and needs to know if he's gay but he's too insecure to ask him directly. Ireneusz and Brygida advise him not to date a collegue and to change a job, since he doesn't like this one anyway. 
Dialogue: Anita: I'm at the station in Bologna
Jenny: No problems so far?
Anita: no, everything's going smoothly
Tomy: good!
Summary: Anita is at Bologna station.
Dialogue: Steve: Hello I have an appointment with Dr Williams today.
Steve: But unfortunately I have to reschedule.
Clinic: OK, when would you like to come? 
Steve: is Wednesday available? 
Clinic: We have an open spot for 6 pm.
Steve: Perfect, please be so kind as to change my appointment to then.
Clinic: No problem. We will see you on Wednesday.
Steve: Thank you very much.
Summary: Steve can't visit Dr. Williams today. Clinic reschedules his appointment to Wednesday at 6 PM. 
Dialogue: Jason: Although he is not a good striker with multiple goals but his passion and preservance deserves a respect from all Arsenal fan
Tua: Not good? Lol...
Alfred: He's a good and passionate arsenal player.
Jason: Not good in efficiency
Roger: What is his goals to minutes ratio Jason? Keep to the facts!
Garry: He’s our top scorer in Europa league
Dominic: Stop smoking crack
Summary: He deserves respect from Arsenal fans, because he's a top scorer in Europe.
Dialogue: Charlie: Should we buy the flights? It's Black Friday!
Robin: Yup, maybe it would be good to do it today.
Charlie: But where do we want to go?
Robin: Wherever there's sun!!!!
Charlie: I've just seen some 150$ one way to Curacao 
Robin: if it's 300$ return, we're taking it man!
Charlie: I can book them, you'll book the hotel.
Robin: Deal!
Charlie: WOW. That was smooth!
Robin: I'm an easy companion, I told you!
Summary: Charlie will book tickets to Curacao. Robin will book the hotel. It's Black Friday so the tickets are 150$ one way. 
Dialogue: Lily: where are you???
Grace: right in front of you?
Lily: oh
Lily: XD
Summary: Lily wants to know where Grace is. Grace is right in front of Lily.
Dialogue: Helen: nice job. Did you already book the Plaza?
Rob: yes at 8pm. Be ready on time
Helen: I have to meet John at 7pm . It won't take long
Rob: Don't forget to bring my jacket.
Helen: don't worry.
Summary: Rob booked the Plaza at 8 p.m. Helen has to meet John at 7 p.m. She will bring Rob's jacket.
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Brad: How's life, bro!?
Desi: Can't complain, man. Got another kid, ain't I!
Brad: Yeah, my missus told me. Congrats, mate!
Desi: Thanks buddy. That's 3 now! When you starting?
Brad: Trying mate! You down the club Sat? Missing you down there!
Desi: Been a bit busy, but I'll try to make it for an hour. Annie won't like it, but I'll talk her round, silver tongued bastard, me!
Summary: Desi got a third kid. Desi will join Desi at the club on Saturday.
Dialogue: Jessica: <file_photo>
Jessica: my newest babies
Priscilla: wooooooo there are so many things on that pic!!
Rose: nice, what brands are these?
Jessica: Le Mer, Kemon, Revlon, tolpa and many other
Priscilla: did you buy all of that?
Jessica: nope, I won it on facebook :D
Jessica: I couldn't believe it, but as you see sometimes it's possible to win something on the internet
Rose: jesus, i'm so jealous :'(
Jessica: don't worry, there are some things I won't use so I can share B-)
Priscilla: cool! I could even buy it from you.
Jessica: nooooo don't you dare
Jessica: If I got it for free then you will too
Rose: thank you so much, you're the best <3 which stuff exactly you won't be using?
Jessica: a highligher from Revlon cause it's too orange for me, the polish from O.P.I. cause I don't like the colour and mascara from avon
Rose: Priscilla, do you mind if I take the polish? cause I've already got my favourite mascara and this highlighter for me is also too oragne and too dark
Priscilla: no problem, I'd take the highlighter, for me it's perfect. thank you so much Jessica, really!!!
Jessica: no problem girls, I'm sure that if you were the ones to win something similar, you would share it with me
Rose: of course <3
Priscilla: no doubt about that!!!! thank you <3
Summary: Jessica won some beauty products on facebook. Jessica won't be using some of the stuff so will share with Rose and Priscilla.
Dialogue: Bob: Where are you?? I can't find a bloody parking spot anywhere!
Rip: I managed to find one in Parking B, try there
Bob: Ok, someone's leaving. Meet you in a sec.
Rip: Ok
Summary: Bob can't find a parking spot. Rip found one in Parking B. They will meet in a moment. 
Dialogue: Brisa: I cant install windows on my PC
Ean: How can I help
Brisa: Can you come to my house?
Ean: I am busy right now will come after 2 hours
Brisa: K
Ean: Or maybe my elder brother can help
Brisa: That would be fine
Ean: I am calling her to come to ur home
Brisa: Thanks
Ean: I have given him your number, tell him ur address when he calls you
Brisa: Ok sure
Ean: Would he install drivers?
Brisa: He will take care of everything, dont worry
Summary: Brisa cannot install Windows on her PC. Ean cannot help her right now, but he is sending his older brother to her house. 
Dialogue: Daniel: Hey, are the parents home?
Judy: No but mom called me and the should be here any minute
Daniel: Okay, is there anything to eat at home?
Judy: Of course I made dinner as always...
Daniel: You're the best :* 
Summary: Judy and Daniel's parents are going to be home in a few minutes. Judy cooked dinner.
Dialogue: Bob: hey mate, can you drive me to the airport tomorrow at 5pm?
Mark: I can't sorry, I will still be at work, ask Tom he should be free
Bob: ok i will thanks a lot
Mark: have a safe flight ;)
Summary: Mark can't take Bob to the airport tomorrow at 5 pm because he will be at work. Bob will ask Tom on Mark's suggestion.
Dialogue: Kevin: they say party was great
Sheldon: it was, a bit creepy at times
Kevin: you were away from everything, as always??
Sheldon: a dark shadow, only watchin :D
Kevin: I envy you
Sheldon: dont , it was very weird
Summary: Sheldon finds the party a bit weird although Kevin heard it was great.
Dialogue: Mindy: Hey, you left your hat at my place
Sara: Shit, could bring it by the cafe tomorrow?
Mindy: No problem!
Summary: Sara left her hat at Mindy's place. Mindy will bring it by the cafe tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Dana: HEy
Jim: Wassup?
Dana: Um, so
Jim: Wyd?
Dana: stuff... dads trying to fix the grill for later :)
Jim: yum! ;)
Summary: Dana's dad is fixing the grill.
Dialogue: Darren: Bring the laptop tommorow to school.
Ian: What for?
Darren: Mine is broken and we neet to show the presentation.
Ian: ok, I'll take it
Summary: Darren's laptop is broken. He asks Ian to bring his laptop for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Isabelle: Have you heard about the demonstration of nationalists at Auschwitz?
Isabelle: I feel sick to my stomach, when I think about it, it's so disgusting.
Madelyn: I haven't heard about it! What happened?
Isabelle: Well, a bunch of fascist idiots demonstrated during the Holocaust Memorial Day ceremony.
Isabelle: Oh, and Polish police did NOTHING to stop them...
Isabelle: See it yourself: <file_other>
Isabelle: They just stood there and watched those jerks...
Madelyn: What a disgrace... I can't wrap my head around it.
Madelyn: How people can be so hateful...?
Isabelle: I know, it's just scary...
Isabelle: First this murdered mayor, then neo-Nazis... What a scary place to live in.
Madelyn: :( I feel like the world's going to hell in a handbasket.
Isabelle: I agree! All these far-right movements terrify me.
Isabelle: As if we haven't learned a lesson from the recent history...
Summary: There was a demonstration of nationalists at Auschwitz during the Holocaust Memorial Day. 
Dialogue: Julia: that was some performance ^_^
Travis: heyy thanks
Julia: have you ever performed in front of such a huge crowd
Travis: i have but i don't think i have been this nervous before :D
Julia: oh, and how do you feel now
Travis: like a rockstar? xD no seriously, i feel pretty good
Julia: haha :D
Travis: on a serious note.. i don't think i would have done it
Julia: why not
Travis: i was so unsure about it.. before i had that talk with you
Julia: oh.. i'm glad i could help
Travis: i'm glad you could help too xD
Julia: are you hitting on one of your audience?? xD
Travis: i'm trying
Julia: smooth
Travis: XD XD
Summary: Julia congratulates Travis on his performance. Travis feels great, although he was unsure at first.
Dialogue: Carol: Hey girl!! 
Carol: I'm going to throw a fancy dress party!! :)
Flora: Oh my god!! Really??
Flora: What's the occasion?
Carol: It's for my friends graduation, you know her 😉
Flora: Sounds super!! When and where??? Have you decided on the theme yet?? 🎉
Carol: No, not yet! But I'm thinking 70's or 60's disco theme.. whoop whoop!! 🙌
Flora: Oh wow!! That would be sooo coool!!! I have the perfect outfit hehe 🎶🎶✨✨
Summary: Carol invites Flora to a 70's or 60's disco themed graduation party. 
Dialogue: Tomek: Hey I like this girl but I am kinda nervous to ask her out.
Ania: Just do it! I bet you 10$ she will say yes :)
Tomek: Do you want to go out with me? (´･ω･`)
Ania: Ummmm...sorry not my type.
Tomek: Oh, okay!
Tomek: Then u owe me $10 😜😜😜
Summary: Tomek asks Ania to go out with him but she declines. 
Dialogue: Karine: there is a sleepover scheduled at Angie's saturday
Charlotte: Vicky didn't tell anything
Charlotte: i'm not found of it
Karine: girls organize it for Kira's birthday, you can't refuse
Charlotte: who's going to drive them there?
Karine: Philippe could do it
Charlotte: who's in charge of the present?
Karine: ask Vicky, she must know.
Summary: Girls organize a sleepover at Angie''s for Kita's birthday. Vicky knows who's responsible for the present.
Dialogue: Uma: Who's up for the drinks?
Geri: I'm in... I need to unwind...
Sophie: AHAHA you mean get wasted! Me too!
Uma: I see we're all in the right mood!
Geri: <file_gif>
Summary: Uma, Geri and Sophie will go for a drink.
Dialogue: Lennon: Whats for tea mum?
Sue: I'm not really sure what do you fancy?
Lennon: can we have fish and chips?
Sue: will you get them on the way home from work?
Lennon: yes can you put some money in my account?
Sue: I've just put £20 in
Lennon: Thanks what do you want?
Sue: steak and kidney pie and chips please xxx
Sue: Andy will have cod and chips please .. text me when you are on your way xxx
Lennon: ok xx
Lennon: on my way xxx
Summary: Lennon will buy dinner for Sue and Andy on his way home. Andy wants cod and chips, and Sue will go with steak, kidney pie and chips. 
Dialogue: Joshua: What time are we playing on Thursday?
Ethan: 4 pm
Joshua: Thanks mate
Summary: Ethan and Joshua are playing at 4 pm on Thursday.
Dialogue: Memphis: have you heard working me by quavo?
Gigi: not yet, but i know quavo had a new song, how is it?
Memphis: dope, look for it
Gigi: i will when i get to the WiFi
Memphis: you're not at home 
Gigi: yeah, i'm in town
Memphis: OK then, look for the song 
Gigi: i will
Summary: Gigi wants Memphis to listen to Quavo's new song.
Dialogue: Fedora: How tall are you? 
Ryan: 183 wanna bang? 
Fedora: Haha omg 😂
Ryan: Why u askin
Fedora: Im having a coffee with Matt 
Fedora: He's from Wisconsin 
Fedora: He's new here and saw you in every of our pics haha so he asked
Ryan: Oh wow!
Ryan: What brings him to Saskatchewan
Fedora: University
Ryan: Okay
Ryan: I should meet him someday
Fedora: You should he's nice
Ryan: Good to hear that
Summary: Ryan is 183 tall. Fedora is having a coffee with Matt from Wisconsin. Matt studies at University in Saskatchewan.
Dialogue: Max: Yo. Wanna go out play some pool tonight?
Johny: Sure. What time are you free?
Max: I can reserve the pool table on 6 p.m
Johny: Great! I'll come to your place on 5 then.
Max: Sure. See ya.
Summary: Tonight Johny will come to Max's place at 5 pm, and they will go play some pool at 6.
Dialogue: Gerda: Hello, Natalie:)
Natalie: Hi, Gerda. What's new?
Gerda: Well, this and that.
Natalie: You caught my attention=)
Gerda: Did it utterly on purpose:)
Natalie: You! Slick person!
Gerda: Why don't we meet tonight?
Natalie: Sure, we can do that.
Gerda: Let's go out. Have a nice dinner?
Natalie: Works for me.
Natalie: Where do we go?
Gerda: Let's check out this new Thai place on Main Street.
Natalie: Sounds perfect. I'll pick you up at seven.
Summary: Natalie will pick up Gerda tonight at 7 for dinner at the new Thai place on Main street.
Dialogue: Indy: Hi Georgie
Indy: Just to let you know, Maxwell won't be coming to you tomorrow, he is not well so I'd better keep him home. 
Georgie: no worries! thanks for letting me know, hope he feels better soon.
Indy: Thanks! 
Summary: Maxwell is not coming tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ann: Could we meet some other day?
Brandon: I thought you were on the way!
Ann: I have a headache.
Brandon: I won't force you to anything. Let's just forget it.
Ann: I am really sorry. 
Summary: Ann would like to meet with Brandon another day as she has a headache.
Dialogue: Hetty: do you know how I can get an app on the ipad from internet
Alfred: through the app store
Hetty: no I mean if you are already on a site
Alfred: what site?
Hetty: if you are on a website and you want to make it an app
Alfred: oh like a shortcut to a link
Hetty: yeah that
Alfred: when you are on the website there is a square with an arrow at the top
Hetty: hold on, just opening the website
Hetty: where is the square?
Alfred: In the top right somewhere
Hetty: where? I can't see it
Alfred: <file_photo>
Hetty: oh yeah, got it
Alfred: if you look in there there should be a button called add to home screen or link to homescreen or something
Hetty: hold on
Hetty: is it in more?
Alfred: No I don't think so, bottom row I think
Hetty: oh yeah I found it
Alfred: then give it a name and off you go!
Hetty: oh wow, thanks lovely xx
Alfred: no worries mum
Alfred: what site are you on anyway
Hetty: in my Hotmail but that has  a link already!
Hetty: where?
Alfred: the envelope in the bottom row of your ipad!!!!
Hetty: oh is that my Hotmail? I didn't know!
Alfred: there you go, learned two things!
Hetty: thanks lovely xx
Summary: Alfred helps his mother Hetty create a shortcut to a link in her Hotmail.
Dialogue: Kate: Hi, when exactly are you coming back from Scotland?
Kate: Cause the last weekend of July is Audioriver and they say it's not the best date for a bachelor party...
Ann: Damn, we're coming back on the 23rd of July 
Ann: or maybe up to 2 days later, if it isn't windy enough...
Kate: :(
Ann: OK, if the last weekend of July isn't a good option, maybe the first weekend of August?
Ann: It's still two weekend to the wedding so it's rather safe
Kate: yeah, OK, that's a good thought
Ann: Most of the things are already done, so you won't have that much on your mind
Ann: And it would be a good idea for you to go somewhere and relax before the wedding.
Kate: OK, I'll look into it
Ann: Cause for you it absolutely has to be the same weekend as the bachelor party, right?
Kate: Yeah... 
Ann: OK, don't worry, we'll think of something!
Kate: Thank you. :*
Ann: Oh, come on, I'm just sorry that our cruise can screw some plans for you...
Ann: I was sure it was a safe distance from the wedding and we could go without causing any problems
Kate: Ann, it's not a problem :) Really.
Ann: OK, then, let me know what the guys say about the first weekend of August.
Kate: Will do :*
Summary: Kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party. July is not possible so she will check early August. 
Dialogue: Taylor: Hey Lucy, have u heard Alvaro's newest hit? 
Lucy: Hey Taylor, I don't think so, what's it called?
Taylor: Here's the link: <file_video>
Lucy: It's quite catchy, nice. :)
Taylor: I'm playing it over and over again LOL
Summary: Lucy and Taylor like Alvaro's newest hit. 
Dialogue: Gary: When are you guys arriving exactly?
Stella: We're landing 6:40 PM, so add some 20 minutes and we'll be at the arrivals gate.
Josh: Precisely.
Gary: Okay, I''ll be there 6:40 to pick you up. Just to be safe.
Stella: Thanks a lot, dad :)
Gary: No problem :)
Summary: Gary will be waiting at the arrivals gate at 6:40 PM to pick up his daughter Stella and Josh. 
Dialogue: Henry: I'm sad
Dick: Don't worry
Carl: Be happy! :P
Summary: Henry is down. Dick and Carl cheer him up.
Dialogue: Molly: I'm home
Theresa: great
Molly: Amy, and you?
Amy: I'm still on the way, I hate walking through Harlem at that our
Molly: I know, take Uber
Amy: I'm almost there
Molly: anyway, let us know as soon as you arrive
Amy:  👍
Summary: Molly's already home. Amy's still on her way back home but she's almost there.
Dialogue: Benny: How do you guys protect yourselves from spam?
Cory: I use anti-spam filters and don't subscribe to newsletters.
Darcy: I don't. My e-mail takes care of that.
Benny: What do you use, Darcy?
Darcy: ProtonMail.
Cory: Never heard of it.
Summary: To protect themselves from spam messages, Darcy uses ProtonMail, whereas Cory uses anti-spam filters and he doesn't subscribe to newsletters.
Dialogue: Casper: Yo mate. 
Casper: Remind me please, because I have a problem to remember this one
Casper: When is Sebastian's birthday?
Andrew: I think it was 19th
Andrew: At least I think it is
Andrew: This day is so hard to remember. If it was an even number, at the begining, or at the and of October, it would be a lot easier.
Casper: Hahaha. I thought I only had this problem to remember :)
Andrew: Ok. I confirm it's 19th
Andrew: <file_photo>
Andrew: I'm a devoted fan of "search in conversation" option in Messenger.
Casper: Nice!
Casper: Everyone's got that 1 friend who has Facebook skills as he worked for the FBI!
Andrew: Hahahah! To many crime stories mate!
Casper: Maybe. 
Summary: Using the "search in conversation" option in Messenger, Andrew confirms Sebastian's birthday is on the 19th.
Dialogue: Carol: Are you leaving?
Emily: I need 10 minutes
George: She needs 30 min at least, I know
Carol: LOL, I'll be outside
Summary: Emily needs some time before she's ready to leave. Carol will be outside. 
Dialogue: Joshua: did u remember to take my shirt to the dry-cleaner's?
Michelle: shoot, I totally forgot about this! So sorry :(((
Michelle: I can do it at lunch time
Joshua: It would be great, I srsly need it on Thursday
Michelle: you've got other shirts as far as I know :D
Joshua: but you know it's my lucky one and I'm gonna need luck ;-)
Michelle: I know, you've been talking about it like 2 months :P
Joshua: just take the shirt to dry-cleaners pls
Michelle: no worries, I'll do it
Summary: Michelle will take Joshua's shirt to the dry-cleaner's at lunch time as he needs it on Thursday.
Dialogue: Mark: Do you know what happened today in California?
Barry: I have no idea. Tell me!
Mark: 12 people have been killed in a shooting at Borderline & Grill in Thousand Oaks
Barry: Who is the suspect and what was his motive?
Mark: The suspect has been identified as 28-year-old Ian David Long. He was a US Marine Corps veteran
Mark: There’s no motive known yet…
Barry: Why all these things always happen in the US?
Mark: Because of the law. Everybody can have a gun
Barry: I guess it’s the only country which has problems like that. There’s a shooting just every month!
Mark: The law needs to be changed but it’s not that easy to do it…
Mark: Each president promises to do something about it
Mark: The California’s newly elected governor ordered flags to be flown at half-staff
Barry: Who is the new governor of California?
Mark: Gavin Newsom
Summary: 12 people were shot down at Borderline & Grill in Thousand Oaks. The suspect is a 28-year-old US Marine Corps veteran, Ian David Long. Gavin Newsom, California's new governor, ordered the flags to be flown at half-staff.
Dialogue: Ria: hey baby good morning how are you. hopefully you have woken up... did you sleep well and tight and saw a wet dream with me...
Nav: hey babes i am good how are whats up.... yeah just woke up.. yeah slept well and tight... surely had a dream but not sure what was it but you were there.
Ria: wow thats great please try to recall the dream and share with me asap.... nothing much on bed after full tiring day of house chores..... did you have breakfast baby eat well and properly....
Nav: yeah sure babes dont worry would eat well... hopefully you had proper lunch and dinner...... yeah i know what you told me eariler of the day plans it must be a tiring day for you. now sleep well and tight have a good night sweet dreams with me love you lots and missing you lotsss...muah muah.
Ria: yeah sure you too have a good day tc and enjoy love you lots miss you lots.... muah muah muah bye baby
Summary: Nav slept well. Ria had a tiring day doing housework.
Dialogue: Isaac: Hey babe :)
Khadija: hi my love <3
Isaac: I just got off of work
Khadija: ooh goodie :)
Isaac: I'll pick up some dinner and come right over
Khadija: Can't wait <3
Khadija: see you soon :-*
Summary: Isaac has just finished work. He will pick up some dinner and come to Khadija soon.
Dialogue: Ben: Should we talk to her about the plan?
Bill: Sure, but I would wait till the last day.
Dominic: I agree with Bill, I just don't trust her
Ben: But quitting together at the same time from day to day may kill this business 
Bill: Wasn't that the point? Has she every respected us?
Dominic: if we tell her now, she will fire us anyway, but not in the convenient moment. you know I need money for the instalment 
Ben: Sure, maybe you are right 
Ben: I know she's a bitch, but I pity her a bit, she doesn't know how troubled she's going to be without us
Bill: She had too many chances to show some basic respect
Summary: Ben, Bill and Dominic will wait with talking to her about the plan till the last day, so she doesn't fire them in an inconvenient moment. Dominic doesn't trust her and needs money for the instalment.
Dialogue: Ula: Guess what!!! 
Yee: You aced the Econ exam 🤓 
Ula: Better!!
Ula: Im on the deans roll!! 
Yee: WOW!!! Congrats
Ula: thx dear  
Summary: Ula is on the dean's roll.
