Dialogue: Joe: Amy, why is New York named New York?
Amy: it was a British colony
Joe: but it used to be New Amsterdam, right?
Amy: indeed, from 1624 there was Dutch trading post on lower Manhattan 
Joe: so what happened?
Amy: In 1664 it was taken over by British and they changed the name
Joe: but why New York, not for example New London?
Amy: I think the British king gave the land to his brother, the Duke of York, hence the name!
Joe: I see, makes sense
Amy: good :)
Joe: You know everything about the history of the city, don't you?
Amy: the name is rather basic stuff, don't you think, especially for a city guide?
Amy: everybody asks about it
Joe: hahaha, I understand
Summary: New York used to be called New Amsterdam but the British took over and renamed it in 1664. The name probably comes from the fact that the land belonged to the Duke of York. Amy knows this because she is a tour guide.
Dialogue: Leon: Look, I know you're still angry, but can we at least talk about this?
Coraline: what's there to talk about? You're a jerk, end of discussion.
Leon: Coraline... 
Leon: I'm sorry.
Leon: I didn't want things to end this way! 
Leon: please...
Coraline: stop texting me - Perry's getting suspicious.
Leon: It wasn't my fault.
Coraline: seriously?! that's what your going with???
Coraline: you're an even bigger asshole than i thought
Leon: I'm serious - It wasn't my fault! 
Leon: Look - can we meet by the printers?...
Leon: Or would you rather i did this by text?
Coraline: fine. I'll be there in 20
Leon: I promise you won't regret it
Coraline: i'm beginning to think you don't know what that word means, Daltez. 
Summary: Coraline agrees to meet Leon by the printers in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Eve: Getting ready!
Nancy: Wow! Lovely picture!
Ben: you look awesome girl!
Mark: any special occasion? 
Eve: just a party with my work girls
Mark: you look fab!
Eve: thanks! ;)
Tom: have a great party! 
Gina: OMG! you look so glam!
Nancy: so jealous i can't go out with u! xxx
Eve: xxx
Summary: Eve's having a party with the girls she works with and has gussied herself up.
Dialogue: Teddy: are you on the bus already?
Sarah: of course, harry up
Teddy: I'm coming
Summary: Sarah is already on the bus so Teddy should hurry up.
Dialogue: Jim: running late
Pam: ok
Pam: when will you get there
Jim: dont know
Jim: traffic is terrible
Summary: Jim is going to be late. The trafiic is terrible. 
Dialogue: David: Hey, do you think you could possibly have the time today to buy this thermal underwear for me?
Flor: Yep, no problem
Flor: Just send me an email with links
David: Will do
David: Ok, so here's go a little list of things. All of them are at the same shop so I imagine they would come as one parcel and thus we would save the environment 🗺
Flor: Good  idea
David: <file_other> Leggings size M
David: <file_other> Top size M
David: <file other> Gloves
Flor: Ok, splendid
Flor: I'll try to place the order today
David: Cool, thanks
Flor: 👋
David: Hey
Flor: I've sent you an email, could you check if everything is as you wanted (especially the colours)?
David: With pleasure
David: Yep, I'll go and get some cash now so that I can give the money back to you as soon as you come back home
Flor: Cool. See you in a bit
Summary: Flor will buy thermal underwear for David today, but David needs to check an email first. Before coming back home, David will get some cash for Flor.
Dialogue: Ariel: what do you eat for breakfast when you avoid bread?
Muriel: some kind of flakes with milk I guess
Rachel: scrambled eggs or sth like that
Ariel: I hate oatmeal  and I'm running out of ideas
Muriel: try rice with fruits
Rachel: can't help u, I don't do breakfasts
Muriel: I always go for sth with fruits
Ariel: ok thx
Summary: Ariel wants to avoid bread for breakfast. Muriel and Rachel propose flakes with milk, scrambled eggs and fruits.
Dialogue: Anna Telka: I think Im going to DQ
Anna Novackova: For that cream cone again? 😂
Anna Telka: Yea 😂
Jake: Girl on diet... Xd
Summary: Anna Telka will eat a cream cone at DQ again.
Dialogue: Nick: How is your day?
Mary: Great! I've just found lottery ticket!
Nick: Really? 
Mary: Yes, and I won 15$! ;)
Summary: Mary have found a lottery ticket and she won 15$.
Dialogue: Darryl: I don't see the keys to our safe here.
Hank: No kidding. They should be in the drawer.
Darryl: I know where they should be. And they are not there.
Hank: I haven't used them for weeks now.
Hank: By the way, what do you need them for?
Darryl: One of the guests wants to use the safe tonight.
Hank: Call Saul. I think he used the safe last week.
Darryl: Will do. Hope we didn't lose them.
Summary: Darryl cannot find the keys to a safe. Since one of the guests wants to use the safe tonight, Darryl will call Saul to ask where the keys may be.
Dialogue: Riley: did you get that dress?
Adie: no why?
Riley: well don't
Riley: I found it at another store
Riley: and it's on sale!
Adie: OMG
Adie: how much
Riley: 350
Adie: Gees! hats half the price
Riley: I know
Adie: can you have them put it away for me
Riley: sure
Riley: I can just get it for you
Adie: Really? 
Riley: oh come on I'm not that poor!
Adie: it's not that! 
Adie: It's a lot of money
Riley: not a prob
Riley: just give it back! :P
Adie: Of course!
Riley: what size?
Adie: a medium
Riley: ok off to the check out
Adie: thank you! 
Summary: Riley has found the dress Adie wants at another store where it's on sale. It costs 350, which is half of the original price. Riley will buy it for Adie. Adie wears medium size.
Dialogue: Jane: Let the holiday begin! xxx
Harry: again?!
Jane: get lost! x
Richard: Enjoy!
Mark: Where're you going?
Jane: Sunny Turkey ;)
Mark: i hate you!
Jane: ;)
Mary: have a lovely time! 
Victoria: post some pics! x
Summary: Jane is going to Turkey for holiday.
Dialogue: Mackenzie: what do u think? 
Mackenzie: <file_photo>
Anne: it’s fucking beautiful!
Mackenzie: ikr!!!!!!
Dakota: I’m really jelly ;( 
Mackenzie: you can borrow it ❤
Anne: what about me?
Mackenzie: you too 😀
Summary: Mackenzie asks Anne and Dakota about their opinion about it. They are excited. Mackenzie allows them to borrow it.
Dialogue: Ray: Hey! convo - help in  studio - private classes
Agatha: Hey!
Rachel: Heeeeeeeeellllllooooo Ray!
Caludia: Yellow
Margot: Yo
Eve: Sweetpeas, lets not spam here, just leave this space for relevant info
Summary: Eve prefers the conversation to be spam-free.
Dialogue: Lupa: Risk Management, know anything about it? :)
Martha: Yeah, I had it as one of my electives last year.
Lupa: Was it hard?
Martha: Umm... let's say, boring :)
Lupa: Hmm... I've already selected it, and I can't opt out now. Did you have to study a lot, though?
Martha: Not really. We had a great teacher. He explained things really well in class, so it was quite comprehensible :)
Lupa: I wonder who I'll get. Do you think male teachers are better?
Martha: In business courses or overall?
Lupa: Overall.
Martha: I don't know, it depends whether they're dreamy or not :) Just kidding! It really depends on the subject.
Lupa: Which book did you have?
Martha: I couldn't tell you the name of it; it's all in the past and long forgotten. If I find it, I'll send you a pic.
Lupa: Ok, thanks. See you next week.
Martha: Take care
Lupa: Oh wait, there's something I've been meaning to ask you.
Martha: Ok
Lupa: We have to meet in person for me to explain it all. We'll talk later, bye.
Summary: Lupa will be taking Risk Management classes. Martha had it last year. It was boring, but didn't require much studying, as they had a good teacher. She can't remember the name of their book, but if she can find it, she'll send Lupa a picture. Lupa needs to talk to Martha in person about something.
Dialogue: Neva: What time is our train?
Octavia: 5.45 in the morning, of course we need to be like at least ten minutes earlier
Neva: I won’t make it
Octavia: Whaaaaat
Neva: I have a party the day before, it’s impossible
Octavia: For god’s sake, you can’t stop for one day, can you?
Neva: People from work begged me for it, sorry xd
Octavia: I don’t care
Octavia: You need to be there at that time, dead or alive
Neva: I won’t be able to get up
Octavia: So what!! I booked the tickets a month ago, I can’t just change it like that!!!
Neva: Figure sth out pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee
Octavia: Youre fucking stupid, I knew I shouldn’t go with you
Neva: But you ARE going with me :D
Octavia: If you’re there at 5.45, if not I’ll go alone
Neva: It’s rude!!!
Octavia: Read your messages and think who’s being rude here cause it’s not me.
Summary: Neva's and Octavia's train leaves at 5:45 in the morning and Neva won't be able to get there that early as she has a party the day before. She says she won't make it, which irritates Octavia who will go alone if Neva doesn't show up.
Dialogue: Marcel: Dude.. if you keep sleeping in classes you will fail the exams!
Jiovanni: Argh I know.. But I've been playing World of Warcraft and that game is just so life consuming xD Can't help it
Marcel: Well you better get it together or else you are screwed xD
Jiovanni: I not that far behind. I also study out of school you know.. unlike some people ahahah
Marcel: That's because I pay attention during class xDD
Jiovanni: Yeah yeah :p
Summary: Jiovanni is sleeping in classes because he has been playing World of Warcraft. Marcel warned Jiovanni that he may fail the exams if he won't study. 
Dialogue: Brie: and? have you seen it?
Emily: OMG I have! 
Emily: And honestly, I think there was one moment where you might have been right about some discrepancies
Brie: Which one you think? 
Emily: When they were talking about this new appointment?
Brie: oh I thought that was legit! 
Emily: haha Well then I didn't see anything wrong there
Brie: wait:d I gotta call you 
Summary: Brie and Emily are discussing the discrepancies in the video they just watched. Brie will call her to discuss it further.
Dialogue: Paul: I'm pissed off
Robert: ?
Robert: Fire away
Paul: She ghosted me after three dates
Robert: bitch
Robert: <file_gif>
Summary: Paul is upset because he was ghosted after three dates.
Dialogue: Barbara: I know it's late, but I can see you're still online
Barbara: I wanted yo ask you to send me those pics you took today
Jimmy: Ahh. Ok. I will send it to you by mail. There are too many of the to send them here
Barbara: Ok. Thanks a lot :)
Jimmy: <file_photo> But this sexy girl has to land here :D
Barbara: Oh stop it you :-]
Summary: Jimmy sent pictures he took today to Barbara on her request.
Dialogue: Isabelle: Do you want to go the circus?
Neomi: Oh, Natalie told me about that, not really
Isabelle: Why o.O
Neomi: I’m not into it
Isabelle: But… everyone’s coming!
Neomi: Ehhm ok, I just don’t think it’s right
Isabelle: What, going to the circus XD
Neomi: Exactly
Isabelle: Whyyyy
Neomi: It’s cruel!! Those animals are trained all the time, exhausted, hurt, I don’t see a reason to go
Isabelle: Who says it is like that everywhere
Neomi: I think it is, it’s completely unnecessary, if there were no animals, I would go
Isabelle: Ok, your choice but… Ryan will be there
Neomi: Eh :[ Still I won’t go
Isabelle: And Irma as well!!
Neomi: Oh no… Evan that won’t change my mind ;p
Isabelle: Stubborn! OK, I’ll make sure Irma and Ryan don’t have too much time to talk ;)
Neomi: Thanks, I love you! :*
Summary: Isabelle goes to the circus with Ryan, Irma and Natalie. Neomi doesn't want to go, because of the animals which are there.
Dialogue: Bob: Dear friends! For those who don’t know, Nancy and I are moving to Spain. We off in a week! 
Kelly: good luck! X
Joanna: all the best! keep posting!
Kim: Congratulations.. I guess ;)
Emma: Wow! Sounds like constant holiday!
Jo: keep us updated! good luck guys!
Andy: can't wait to visit! ;)
Bob: you're more than welcome to visit ;)
Andy: cheers mate! hope the move goes well
Helen: How exciting! oh, i wish you could take me with you!
Steven: enjoy your new life! we're gonna miss you! 
Marisa: looking forward to hearing all about it! x 
Summary: Bob and Nancy are moving to Spain in a week. 
Dialogue: Clay: please send me a picture of your new car!!!
Clay: irma told me it's incredible with the new paint job
Lourdes: i think she was being sarcastic lol
Lourdes: i thought it would be cute to have it painted orange
Lourdes: it's nt, it looks like a giant gross grape :-(
Summary: Lourdes had her car painted orange.
Dialogue: Violet: Hello, dear. How are you today?
Molly: Oh, hello there. I’m fine thank you. How are you?
Violet: Not so well myself. David is bringing over his girlfriend, and I’m all nerves. I have no idea what to bake. Maybe you could share that superb pie recipe?
Molly: I don’t think you should worry so much. He’s still so young. Call me, and I’ll give you the recipe. It’s too long to type.
Violet: Thank you, my dear. You’re an angel.
Molly: It’s nothing, really.
Violet: <file_gif>
Summary: Viloet is nervous about seeing David and his girlfriend. Molly will give her the pie recipe. 
Dialogue: Tracy: Help! My faucet's broken!
Damian: What happened?
Tracy: I don't know, but water's everywhere. How fast can you get here??
Damian: I can get there in 20 min. From which faucet?
Tracy: Kitchen
Damian: Ok, I just need to get my tools and I'll be right over.
Tracy: Thanks, you're a life saver
Summary: Damian will come with his tools to fix Tracy's broken kitchen faucet.
Dialogue: Ellen: recommend a movie
Mira: hmmm
Mira: what genre?
Ellen: idk, sth entertaining!
Mira: superheroe movies included?
Ellen: yup
Mira: have you seen Thor?
Ellen: I think so, the one from like 8 years ago?
Mira: and Thor: ragnarok?
Ellen: nope!
Mira: it's on netflix now :)
Ellen: sounds good!!
Mira: and you can watch it with Sam :P
Ellen: that's another plus, thanks!!
Mira: no prob :*
Summary: Mira recommends Ellen the movie Thor: Ragnarok.
Dialogue: Ted: Feeling sorry for.. myself! 
Kelly: What’s happened? Are you ok?
Ted: I’ve twisted my ankle 
Mike: what have you done?
Victoria: bless you! x
Oliver: too much to drink?
Rob: all the best!
Kelly: get well soon!
Mary: oh dear! xxx
Ted: cheers guys! 
Summary: Ted's twisted his ankle.
Dialogue: Gerald: Can I ask you a favour?
Judith: What is it?
Gerald: Maggie and I will be back home very late tonight.
Judith: Work?
Gerald: Unfortunately. Didn't expect this in the morning.
Judith: So?
Gerald: Could you come by our house and let the dog out into the yeard?
Judith: I don't have the key.
Gerald: That's not a problem. It's under the frog.
Judith: Which frog?
Gerald: Next to the entrance there's a pile of stones and somewhere amongst the there's the front door key.
Judith: Really? I thought ppl only did that in the movies.
Gerald: Yeah. Really. Can you make it or should I ask someone else?
Judith: No, I'll do it. I can pop by around 4.
Gerald: That'd be great. We're in your debt. 
Judith: Don't mention it. 
Gerald: No, seriously. Let us invite you to dinner as a means of thank you.
Judith: That's very nice of you.
Summary: Gerald and Maggie will be home very late. Judith will let their dog out around 4. The key to the house is under the frog. Judith will join Gerald and Maggie for dinner.
Dialogue: Jasmine: Hey sweetheart, how was your day?
Noah: Very busy
Noah: I had some clients from China.
Noah: Difficult customers
Noah: I was busy with them for 4 hours!
Jasmine: Did they buy?
Noah: Yes. 
Jasmine: Good.
Noah: And you? How was your day?
Jasmine: I was in the library
Jasmine: Reading some papers
Noah: Good
Jasmine: I need to start writing my chapter
Summary: Noah had clients from China and was meeting with them for 4 hours. Noah concluded his deal with them. Jasmine was at the library reading papers. She needs to start writing her chapter.
Dialogue: Chet: What should we get mom for Christmas?
Anita: No idea. Clothes?
Chet: No!
Anita: Well, I like shopping for clothes.
Chet: I hate it.
Anita: Gift card?
Chet: Too impersonal.
Anita: I know, new coffee maker.
Chet: Good idea. What about the cup kind?
Anita: Aren't they expensive?
Chet: No. The cups might be.
Anita: True, but those are up to her!
Chet: True!
Anita: LOL!
Chet: She will like all the different kinds.
Anita: I think so too.
Chet: Good, it's settled. You going to get it?
Anita: Me? Why me?
Chet: I don't shop!
Anita: You can order it!
Chet: Oh, yeah.
Anita: All on you then. I'll get the card and wrap it.
Chet: Deal. And pay me half.
Anita: Okay.
Summary: Chet will get mom a new coffee maker for Christmas. Chet will order it and Anita will get the card and wrap it.
Dialogue: Tom: Did anyone pick up prints?
Glen: I didn't have time, but called John?
John: I haven't yet, but I will later
Tom: Today?
John: Sure
Summary: Nobody has picked up the prints yet, but John will do it later today.
Dialogue: Christopher: Have you heard that aunt Josephine is in hospital?
Karen: Whaat? Mum hasn't called me so far! What happened?
Christopher: Well, she fell down while was watering her precious begonias
Karen: Is it something serious?
Christopher: I'm afraid she broke her leg :(
Karen: That's so bad! She's not that young, it'll be tough for her to go through something like this!
Christopher: I know! We need to visit her! I think I'll come by tomorrow
Karen: I'll call mum to see if I can be useful somehow
Christopher: We're in touch then!
Karen: Yes we are! Thanks for the heads up
Summary: Christopher informs Karen that aunt Josephine fell down and broke her leg and is in hospital now. Karen claims that the recovery will be tough for Josephine and Christopher suggests that they should visit her.
Dialogue: Lola: Hi Lily, how was your weekend?
Lily: dreadful!
Lola: i thought she was a very good old friend
Lily: yes she is 
Lola: so what happened?
Lily: she has two horrible kids, aged 2 and 4. Spoiled brat!!
Lola: oh!! you must be so disappointed!
Lily: yes, you had to stay home and watch TV all week end
Lola: next time, we'll go together, no kids no worries.
Lily: lol
Summary: Lilly spent the weekend with her friend and her 2 annoying little children. Lilly had to watch TV at home because of the children and didn't enjoy it at all. 
Dialogue: Willow: <file_other>
Willow: how about that??
Eva: Hmmm
Alice: Quite interesting :)
Willow: 12 Jan
Alice: I don't have any plans for that day :)
Willow: and the price is ok
Summary: The event is on 12 January. Alice thinks it's interesting and she can come. Willow thinks the price is fine. 
Dialogue: Lyric: How old do you want to live to?
Colt: One thousand years :D
Lyric: why that long ?
Colt: I want to be with my mom and dad :D
Lyric: Dont you think they would die ?
Colt: O yeah :/
Lyric: :p
Colt: wbu?
Lyric: I am fine with 60-70
Colt: What happens to us when we die ? :O
Lyric: Idk :(
Colt: neither do I
Lyric: should we sleep now? Its already 1 a.m
Colt: ok Gn
Summary: Colt wants to live up to 1000 years and Lyric up to 60-70.
Dialogue: Amber: Hey Jane wanted to go out on Friday
Amber: I'd leave around 6 and be back by 8?
Amber: so you can go to the gym when i get back :)
Marvin: ok :)
Amber: great
Amber: i'll text her straight away ;)
Marvin: :)
Summary: Jane wanted to go out on Friday. Amber will be back by 8 so that Marvin can go to the gym.
Dialogue: Lior: How was Amsterdam?
Yoav: <file_photo>
Avner: Awesome
Avner: <file_photo>
Summary: Yoav and Avner share photos of Amsterdam with Lior.
Dialogue: Tom: Hey, I've got a question
Tom: You have knowledge about guitars and guitar accessories
Tom: I want to buy new strings for my electric guitar and I need your expertise
Tom: What strings should I buy?
Luke: Well, it depends what music do you want to play and what kind of sound do you want to achieve
Luke: But if you are beginner i recommend you D'Addario strings with thickness 10.,
Luke: They are universal, so every kind of music sound ok with them
Luke: But before you put on new strings, be sure to clean the fretboard. In music store you can buy a special lotion for this.
Tom: Thanks!
Luke: No problem. See ya.
Tom: Yo!
Summary: Tom wants to buy new strings for his electric guitar. Luke recommends D'Addario strings with thickness 10 for beginners. He also urges Tom to clean the fretboard before putting on the new strings.
Dialogue: Miles: I gotta push this project man, I need this
Tim: I know, I'm doing my best 
Gregory: I have an idea, but not through messenger, call me
Summary: Miles needs to push the project. Tim is working very hard on it. George has an idea which he wants to discuss over the phone.
Dialogue: Jim: Hi my favorite work colleague!
Jim: I'm ordering food
Jim: You want something?
Tom: Oh! Get me dumplings please. With meat
Jim: Sure thing.
Tom: Send me your account number, so I can transfer you money later.
Jim: Sure. In a minute. I'm just finishing taking orders from everybody in the office :D
Tom: Thanks!
Jim: No problem.
Summary: Jim is taking orders from everybody in the office. Jim will get dumplings for Tom.
Dialogue: Marika: Hi! Do I remember well that you have had your leather handbag cleaned recently and was happy about the cleaners?
Omiko: Hi! Yes!
Marika: Can you send me their name or address?
Omiko: It was in Żurawia street, but I can't remeber their name, nor the exact address. 
Omiko: But I guess there's only one cleaner like that at Żurawia, so you should find them easily. 
Marika: Yes, got it, got their web.
Marika: Thx a lot!
Omiko: And what do you need to get cleaned?
Marika: An old pair of leather gloves. 
Omiko: I suppose they should be able to do it no problem :)
Marika: I hope so. 
Marika: I've been looking for leather cleaners last year, then forgot about it all until you mentionned your bag :)
Omiko: They did a great job on that bag! It's old and a bit worn-out, but it belonged to my grandmother, you know.
Marika: A souvenir! I see :)
Omiko: Yeah, the cleaning wasn't cheap, but in this case it was worth it! 
Omiko: I don't know how much they would charge for the gloves, but it ain't cheap.
Marika: I expect that and thought it over.
Marika: I'll go and aske them. 
Marika: Thanks again!
Omiko: No problem! Take care!
Marika: You too! 
Summary: Omiko wants to get her leather gloves cleaned. Marika had her leather bag cleaned recently and was happy with it, so Omiko would like to use the same service. Marika gives her the address but warns her that it might be expensive. Omiko is fine with that.
Dialogue: Ziggy: hey hey, where are you?
Jeff: on the bus
Jeff: just left work
Jeff: u?
Ziggy: can i drop by? i'm bored out of my mind lol
Jeff: lol sure
Summary: Jeff is on the bus. Jeff has just left work. Ziggy will drop by. Ziggy is bored. 
Dialogue: Daisy: Hey 🙂
Daisy: I can meet up with you today, around 5.30, is that a good time for you?
Daisy: 😘😘
Amy: Yes, I think so
Amy: Why don't you come over to my house? 
Daisy: Yes, good idea. I think that's also easier for you and the baby
Daisy: I can try and leave here a bit earlier
Daisy: I also need to go shopping later on, so that works out perfect :)
Daisy: Do you need me to bring anything?
Amy: No, that's ok, I baked a cake today 😊
Daisy: Oh, great! 
Daisy: I'll let you know when I'm on my way
Amy: Ok, see you later!
Summary: Daisy will come to Amy's place at around 5.30. Amy baked a cake. Daisy will let her know when she's on her way.
Dialogue: Phil: Has any of you left a black sweater at my place yesterday?
Jim: not me
Dan: me neither
Rick: does it have a like a thin red stripe on the side? 
Phil: yup
Rick: then it's mine :D When can I pick it up?
Phil: I can bring it to practice tomorrow. 
Rick: Thanks a lot man. I missed that sweater so much I didn't even realize it was gone :P
Summary: Rick has left his black sweater at Phil's place yesterday. Phil will bring it to practice tomorrow.
Dialogue: Moshe: What's going on...? You didn't say a word to me, u just left the flat, you don't answer my calls. What happened that u don't want to talk to me at all?!
Haven: :/
Moshe: U should take the key. How can u enter the flat when I'm at school? You hurt me with your behaviour.
Haven: U've been insulting me all day. Calling me stupid. Stupid old child. I hurt u? Lol rubbish
Moshe: I said you were behaving like a child... not that you were a child. I know I shouldn't have said so...I am sorry
Haven: U are lying and apologizing at the same time? Lol
Moshe: No
Haven: Ridiculous
Summary: Moshe and Haven are arguing. Haven left the flat and doesn't answer her phone, because she's angry with Moshe for calling her a child. She has no key to the flat. She refuses to accept Moshe's apology.
Dialogue: Frank: I have no idea what to give Marie for her 18th b-day
Frank: lookin' for some suggestions, can you help?
Barbara: oh My... it's hard to say tbh
Barbara: but you know what, I can help you if you want
Barbara: let's go to the mall together and I'm sure we'll find sth cool and practical :)
Barbara: how about that?
Frank: could you really be that awesome??
Barbara: haha :D sure, I'll try to find sth nice for her too
Barbara: It seems that we're going to the same party :D
Frank: say whaaaat?? R u serious? :D
Barbara: yeah, didn't know that you were invited too!
Frank: that's a nice coincidence, let's go to the mall!
Summary: Frank doesn't know what to buy Marie for her 18th birthday. Barbara will go to the mall with him and help him choose the present. They are going on a birthday party together.
Dialogue: Kate: did you change your last name?
Kate: after you got married?
Helen: no
Helen: why do you ask?
Kate: well 2 things
Kate: I'm sending you an invite to my wedding
Kate: and I was wondering if I should change my name
Helen: OMG
Helen: congrats! I'm so happy for you
Kate: thanks
Helen: whens the big date?
Kate: March 15th
Helen: ok I'll make sure to not make any plans for the 15th :D
Kate: and the last name?
Kate: think I should change it?
Helen: that's up to you really
Helen: It's just a lot of paperwork 
Kate: yeah a heard
Helen: so think about it but I don't really want to make the decision for you
Kate: ugh ok 
Helen: let me know if you need any help planning anything
Kate: ok thanks :D I'll be in touch
Summary: Kate is sending Helen an invite to her wedding for March 15th and she is wondering if she should change her name. Helen didn't change her last name after she got married as it is a lot of paperwork.
Dialogue: Freddie: What are you watching on Netflix? I've just finished Mad Men.
Kelly: I've just finished The Crown. 
Freddie: There should be new episodes coming soon.
Kelly: OMG! i can't wait! :)
Freddie: Try Outlander or The Tudors in the meantime.
Jim: i'm watching I, Zombie.
Bob: try Grimm or Sabrina. They're both great!
Kelly: they are all horrible and disgusting! 
Bob: i think they are funny. They're just TV shows don't take them too seriously. x 
Greg: I'm watching House of Cards though must admit the new series is boring.
Mike: i agree. not the same without Kevin Spacey! You should try The West Wing if you enjoy political dramas.
Greg: Netflix original Bodyguard is supposed to be good from what I've heard.
Mary: I'm a bit ashamed to confess i enjoy stuff like Pretty Little Liars or Gossip Girl ;)
Nancy: don't be ashamed i enjoy them too! and my favourite one is Desperate Housewives!!!
Mary: I know! I watched it twice!
Alan: I'm catching up with Friends.
Nancy: OMG! i used to love Friends!
Summary: The group discusses what they're watching on Netflix and TV series they like.
Dialogue: Ashton: queues at the airport were horrible, so stressful
Arabella: but you managed?
Ashton: Luckily I did
Arabella: good, on the plane already 
Ashton: Yes, queuing again I guess
Arabella: Write me after you've landed
Ashton: I will
Summary: Ashton managed to get on his plane after queueing long. He will write to Arabella after he's landed. 
Dialogue: Rose: I'm here
Daniel: Running late, I will be there as soon as possible.
Daniel: Sorry.
Rose: No problem, we have a nice table :)
Rose: Bad news.
Daniel: ? (be there in 10)
Rose: They don't have your ramen.
Daniel: Noooooo
Rose: Want to go somewhere else?
Daniel: No, it's fine, I'll be forced to try something else ;)
Rose: Ok, got us some wine (mostly for myself)
Summary: Daniel is late for a meeting with Rose. She has already arrived and got a table for them. Daniel will try something new to him in the restaurant as they do not serve his favorite ramen now.
Dialogue: Jude: look, I've just decorated my Christmas tree
Jude: <file_photo>
Ellie: wow, looks really pretty!
Ellie: wanna see mine?
Jude: bring it on!
Ellie: <file_photo>
Summary: Jude has decorated her Christmas tree. 
Dialogue: Simon: Hey there
Frank: Hey Simon, how are you?
Simon: Very well thanks, how about you?
Frank: All good
Simon: As I am moving out, I was wondering if you could give me my vinyls back this week.
Frank: I didn't know you were moving out!
Simon: I am moving to Brussels.
Frank: This is huge! We need to grab a beer or two before you leave.
Simon: Sure thing!
Frank: Tell me when are you free, I'll give you vinyls back when we meet.
Simon: This Fri at 8/9pm, I have some bottles at home that should be emptied. 😀
Frank: I'll be at 8
Simon: Great. See you this Friday!
Frank: See you Simey!
Summary: Simon is moving to Brussels. Frank will give Simon his vinyls back on Friday at 8 pm.
Dialogue: Jeniffer: Where is the concert?
Pola: In the big stadium
Andrew: where all big pop-stars play, c'mon 
Summary: The big stadium holds the concert.
Dialogue: Faith: Can you bring Ice-cream Shake for me?
Jason: Which flavor?
Faith: Strawberry
Jason: Ok coming in 20 mins
Faith: Can you come a bit fast? :/
Jason: You want me to have an accident or what? :/
Faith: jkjk c you at home :P 
Summary: Jason will buy strawberry ice cream shake for Faith. He will bring it in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Dorothy: <file_song>
Dorothy: absolutely love it! 
Sammy: oh, Bon Jovi! 
Sammy: I liked them a lot when I was a girl;)
Lucelle: me too! I had a crush on Jon :P
Lucelle: <3
Dorothy: he's so good looking!
Dorothy: and he's such a classic rockman! <3
Sammy: I still like Bon Jovi a lot, went to see them live last year and it was absolutely fab!
Lucelle: lucky you! Id love to see them play
Sammy: Ive heard they have a new tour, probably Warsaw too
Lucelle: I need to check it out!
Dorothy: maybe we can go together, like groupies :P
Sammy: why not, I can see them again ;)
Dorothy: <3
Summary: Sammy used to like Bon Jovi when she was a girl so she went to see them live last year. Dorothy, Lucelle and Sammy want to see them in Warsaw. Lucelle needs to check it out.
Dialogue: Becky: Hey! I just finished watching Stranger Things
Jake: Finally! What do you think?
Becky: Uhm...
Jake: Oh no, don't tell me
Becky: I'm sorry Jake but I didn't like it
Jake: But have you watched the whole thing?
Becky: You mean both seasons? No
Jake: Why? Watch it until the end
Becky: I started the second season, but it's even worse, really
Becky: I agree it's really well done and all, but I think it's not for me
Jake: Are you kidding me? It's awesome! The atmosphere, the vibe, music, actors, story
Becky: Idk Jake, I think it's maybe the kids? I can't relate to them, I'd rather watch something with adults, I can't care about the adventures of teenagers or children even
Jake: I don't think it matters that much, the story's great
Becky: Maybe, I just don't feel, I barely watched the first season
Summary: Becky didn't like Stranger Things.
Dialogue: Jay: I'll be home around 6 pm to pick them up
Monica: You don't need to hurry, we're having a blast ;)
Monica: <file_photo>
Mary: aw cute! but please tell them we're on our way, unfortunately we can't stay - dog's waiting for his walk
Summary: Jay will be home at around 6pm.
Dialogue: Ann: Are you guys learning for the tomorrow’s exam? 
Ann: Btw, were you at the last class?
Will: Actually, I’m not learning at all…
Sam: I’m learning from this fucking book
Will: Fuck, I hate maths
Ann: Me2
Sam:  <file_gif>
Summary: There is a maths exam tomorrow. Ann and Will hate maths.
Dialogue: Fiona: I can't think of anything to write for this essay. Really struggling.
Gina: Which question did you choose?
Fiona: The one about dialogues.
Gina: Yeah that one was a bit fluffy so I thought it would be best to avoid it.
Fiona: Which one did you choose then?
Gina: The one about director's vision.
Fiona: That's even more fluffy and wanky.
Gina: I know. But at least it is easy to write the twaddle.
Fiona: Maybe for you. Actually I find this whole unit very vague and fluffy.
Gina: That's film school for you.
Fiona: Or being an artist... LOL
Gina: Yeah. But it is all about the vision.
Fiona: And about me, me, me, me... 
Gina: :-)
Summary: Fiona and Gina are in a film school. Fiona has problems with writing an essay on dialogues. Gina is writing about director's vision.
Dialogue: Jade: are you going to that trip
Wayne: was
Jade: what do you mean
Wayne: its portponed
Jade: are you kidding me XD
Wayne: im serious, why surprised
Jade: i had to go home and miss it xD
Wayne: oh, cool you can make it when we go
Jade: yea, yesss
Wayne: :D
Summary: The trip Wayne was going to go on was postponed. Now Jade will be able to go to.
Dialogue: Jasper: i miss you so much already :(
Karen: i know... i miss you too
Jasper: it has only been 3 days and it feels like forever :(
Karen: i know... but you will be back on sunday, right? :*
Jasper: yeah i will! :)
Karen: how about we spend the whole day in bed?
Jasper: that sounds like a dream!!
Karen: yeah, we can order something, watch netflix, sleep till the afternoon
Jasper: it could not get any more perfect!! :*
Karen: ye <3 i love spending time with you sweetie
Jasper: and i love spending time without you :) you are my favourite person
Karen: awwww <3 so cute
Jasper: i have a special gift for you 
Karen: really what is it ???
Jasper: i can't telly you, you will find out on sunday :)))
Karen: ahhh now i won't stop thinking about it :(
Jasper: good haha :*
Summary: Karen will be back on Sunday. Karen and Jasper are going to spend the whole day in bed. They will order food, watch Netflix, and sleep until the afternoon. Jasper has a special gift for Karen.
Dialogue: Thomas: u found anything interesting to give Anne?
Bill: not yet... I mean... I found a couple of perfumes she may like
Bill: but u know... they're pretty expensive.
Thomas: how comes it's so difficult to get her a present?
Bill: I dunno. What about clothes?
Thomas: u serious? I ain't got no idea about her taste.
Bill: I kinda do so... I guess I'll go to her favourite shop.
Thomas: if u say so, be my guest. Let me know about the price, so we'll share it.
Bill: u bet I will!
Summary: Bill and Thomas want to give Anne a present and they are looking for ideas together. Because perfumes are expensive, Bill will go to the Anne's favourite clothes shop. Bill will let Thomas know about the price, so they can share it.
Dialogue: Thomas: I’m buying tickets, any preferences?
Mike: Aisle, please 
Jane: Aisle!
Patricia: What’s wrong with you people? Window – of course! :D
Thomas: thnx!
Summary: Thomas is buying tickets. Mike and Jane choose aisle seats, Patricia prefers window.
Dialogue: Dad: where are you Liz
Lisa: im at my friends house
Dad: are you gonna stay there the night
Lisa: probably
Dad: probably is not an option
Lisa: i know the rule dad.. come home before 10 or dont come at all
Dad: thats how it works
Lisa: yes i know
Dad: ps. let me know if you need picking up
Lisa: thats okay i'd ask judy to drop me home
Summary: Lisa's at her friend's house. She's not sure yet if she's coming back home for the night or not. Dad offered to pick her up if she needs that.
Dialogue: Ricky: you still there?
Samuel: No, I just left.
Ricky: OK, then I'm leaving as well.
Samuel: OK, see ya in a bit
Summary: Samuel has just left, so Ricky is leaving as well. Samuel and Ricky will meet in a moment.
Dialogue: Ben: What the hell are you doing there?
Frank: What do you mean, Ben?
Ben: I am waiting for your fucking report.
Ben: It was supposed to be on my desk yesterday morning.
Frank: What fucking report?
Ben: You fucking kidding, right?
Frank: I'd never fucking kid you, Ben?
Ben: In my office, now!
Frank: On my way.
Summary: Ben is waiting for Frank's report that was due yesterday morning. Ben requested Frank immediate presence in his office.
Dialogue: Burton: Did u manage to get some money?
Alfio: Yea. I feel so guilty to lie to my mum😢
Alfio: I told her I need new reference book at school😢
Burton: Oh no.....(ToT)/~~~
Alfio: But now I can get the concert ticket.	👋
Alfio: I dont wanna think about anything else for now	👋
Summary: Alfio admitted to Burton that he lied to his mother about the money he asked her for. It is not a reference book for school but a concert ticket that he wants to buy. It is the only thing on his mind now.
Dialogue: Kate: Any plans for evening?
Luise: Nope. Any suggestions? ;-)
Kate: Actually, yes. Wanna see the new Aquaman movie? 
Luise: Well, I’m not much keen on this type of movies…
Kate: Oh. C’mon, it’s gonna be fun. Will take you to this Chinese bistro afterwards.
Luise: The one we ate in last week?
Kate: Yes, Ma’am. The very same 
Luise: Oh, this part seems much more promising. 
Kate: See? 
Luise: Can we skip the movie? ;-)
Kate: Nooo, we can’t. Will drop by at 8.
Luise: Ok, See you then.
Summary: Kate will meet Luise and they'll go to see the new "Aquaman" movie and then to the Chinese bistro they ate in last week.
Dialogue: Michael: Someone parked on my spot again :/
Susan: Again?! It's the third time this week. Is it the same car?
Michael: Yes, I don't get it. I left the note, notified the security
Susan: Call the security, they should take it away
Michael: Funny enough - they don't. I called them and they told me they can't move the car. The only thing they can do is to call the police
Susan: Then why didn't they?
Michael: Really? You think the police will be bothered by someone parking on a wrong spot?
Susan: I think these are the only issues they are bothered with
Michael: I don't want to make myself an enemy, I don't if that's not my neighbour.
Susan: So what? So it means they can park on your spot? Leave him a note with your number and say you're going to notify the police. You'll see they'll stop
Michael: I may try it
Summary: Michael's parking spot is busy third time this week. He left a note and let know the security. He called them, but they cannot move the car.
Dialogue: Lindsey: I hate you!!
Miranda: What??
Lindsey: You know what!
Miranda: I hope you're not angry over Todd.
Lindsey: What do you think?
Miranda: You said you guys weren't seeing each other anymore.
Lindsey: Yeah, but you could have asked me.
Miranda: I can go out with whomever I want!
Lindsey: Yeah, but this was MY Todd.
Miranda: But you guys broke up.
Lindsey: Yeah, but it's fairly recent. I'm just saying you could have asked me if I'm ok with it.
Miranda: We just went to the movies, no biggie.
Lindsey: Did he talk about me?
Miranda: Lindsey, I can't betray his trust.
Lindsey: Yeah, but I'm your friend.
Miranda: Ok, I'm sorry. How about I take you out for a coffee and we can talk about it. Texting sucks!
Lindsey: Ok, if you're paying, I'm fine with it :)
Miranda: Cheapskate!!
Lindsey: Call you later...bye
Summary: Miranda went to the movies with Todd. Lindsey is mad about it, because Todd is her ex-boyfriend. She wishes Miranda had asked her about it. They're meeting for coffee later to talk about it. Miranda's paying.
Dialogue: Kate: can i borrow your blue handbag?
Emilly: sure, when do you need?
Kate: friday, I need it for Monica's wedding
Emilly: I can bring it with me to the office tomorrow if you want
Kate: perfect! thanks sister :*
Emilly: always :*
Summary: Emily will bring her blue handbag for Kate tomorrow. Kate needs it for Monica's wedding on Friday.
Dialogue: Mary: I don't know what to get for my dad for Christmas
Bruce: What does he like?
Mary: He watches TV all the time
Bruce: Maybe you should get him a pair of warm slippers and a coffee cup
Mary: I need something more original
Bruce: How about a new TV?
Mary: That's too expensive
Bruce: Does he like football?
Mary: Yes, he watches sport channel all the time
Bruce: Get him a hat or a jacket with a name of his favorite team 
Mary: That's not a bad idea
Bruce: I will send you a link to a store online that personalizes items like these. Will stay in touch.
Summary: Mary looks for a Christmas present for her dad. As dad is a great football fan, Bruce recommends a hat or jacket with a name of his favourite team.
Dialogue: John: Hello Al, you coping ok?
Al: Hi there! Snowed under John, same as you, I'm sure!
John: I'll be so pleased when this bloody term is over!
Al: You and me both! 
John: God! Just remembered we scheduled some revision classes at Easter, so bang goes the second week off!
Al: Oh yes, what joy! We're going to Sara's parents in Leicester for the first week, so I won't be able to pull out my books and laptop there much!
John: Oh yes, the parents-in-law holiday visit, lovely! Don't worry lad, we've got revision stuff all prepped from last year, you should have been sent the file by Brian or Hilary.
Al: Oh, I'll dig it out, (if it's there!) and have a read over it next week.
John: Oh shit, I remember Romeo isn't on there, we didn't do it last year, someone's going to have to write up some sheets for it! I'll mention it to Hilary tomorrow in the staff meeting.
Al: Should I offer to do it?
John: Yeah, if you're up for it! It'll earn you some Brownie points with Hilary and Senior staff when it comes to renewing your contract. 
Al: OK, then, I'll tell her tomorrow at the meeting.
John: Good idea, I haven't got your youthful energy!
Al: Well, I really need to be kept on, we want to start trying for a baby soon!
John: Are you nuts!? No, seriously, you definitely need to be in a secure job first.
Al: When will they decide about my contract, John?
John: After Easter I should think. I'll put a word in, of course, as I'm your line manager.
Al: You're a pal, John, thanks! 
John: Better get back to marking Of Mice and Men, then, the excitement might kill me, though!
Al: I've been running through the themes with my middle group, they are not exactly bright sparks, are they?
John: Had then last year, they may surprise you come exam time, mind! They don't say a lot, but some of their work is promising.
Al: Hmm, maybe, anyway, see you at the meeting first thing!
John: Right, bye!
Summary: Al will write up some sheets for John. Al wants to start trying for a baby soon but he needs a secure job first. John will support Al in renewing his contract after Easter. Al will see John at the staff meeting tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Lucy: he always says sth funny :)
Grace: <file_gif>
Lucy: <file_gif>
Grace: maybe he's hidden comedian
Lucy: Maybe :D
Grace: he should try in Got Talent or sth
Lucy: <file_gif>
Summary: He is funny and should try in Got Talent.
Dialogue: Powell: Did you download the movie I told you to
Nick: Yeah I did
Powell: Okay. I will come and pick it later
Nick: 👍 
Summary: Nick has downloaded the movie on Powell's request.
Dialogue: Zoe: Good morning
Caleb: good morning
Zoe: how r u?
Caleb: ok just work late last night. and what are u doing now?
Zoe: i woke up some time ago and now just watching tv. u?
Caleb: I'm thinking about what time to come and see u?
Zoe: but for sure u can make it and come to London today?
Caleb: i just have to do one thing but yes i am sure
Zoe: :)
Caleb: what time is ok for u?
Zoe: what do you think about
Caleb: I can be there at 4pm
Zoe: just in case what time do u have the next bus? i'm asking because my student asked me if we can have a lesson today till 4:30pm
Caleb: If i take the next bus, I will arrive at 6 pm. Do you think it's ok, not too late for you?
Zoe: or you know what.. i will ask this guy if we can have this lesson tomorrow
Caleb: i want to have more time with you today and i will have my bus back at 9:30pm
Zoe: ok. 
Caleb: So it is up to u
Zoe: so i will postpone the lesson
Caleb: ok. sorry the bus back will be at 11pm
Zoe: oh ok
Caleb: ok so i will buy it now and will you meet me at Bus station?
Zoe: yes
Caleb: ok
Summary: Caleb will visit Zoe today at 4pm. Zoe needs to reschedule private tutoring. Caleb will come back at 11pm.
Dialogue: Emma: have you watched infinity wars
Bryce: yeah, last week with my bro
Emma:  oh, how is it
Bryce: so lit dear, download it Asap!
Emma: ok then, cindy is such a spoiler
Bryce: haha, why
Emma: she's been singing to my ears all day about the movie
Bryce: hahahahaha..
Emma: haha
Bryce: so, we hangout on friday?
Emma: not sure, but i'll let you know
Bryce: OK then
Emma: but i'll let you know by wednesday
Bryce: cool, we'll talk later
Emma: maybe at night, i'm off to town
Bryce: with your mum?
Emma: no, just sis
Bryce: ok then
Emma: later
Bryce: later
Summary: Bryce saw "Infinity Wars" last week. Cindy has shared some spoilers from the movie with Emma. Emma will let Bryce know by Wednesday whether they will meet on Friday. Emma is going out with her sister shortly.
Dialogue: Terry: Had a chance to look at the thing I sent you? :)
Joanna: No, sorry, not yet :(
Joanna: I'm on my phone now, what was it?
Terry: I'm applying for a new project and I thought that maybe you could have a look at what I prepared.
Joanna: No problem. When is it due?
Terry: Day after tomorrow, so there's still time.
Joanna: Great! I should be back home in two hours, will have a look.
Terry: Sure, really appreciate it :)
Joanna: Ok, back home
Joanna: Do you want me to send it back to you with my comments or do you prefer to discuss it and work on it immediately?
Terry: Hm... Now I'm out :D
Terry: but I'd appreciate working on it live, if you don't mind
Joanna: No it's fine, just let me know when you're back
Terry: Ok, on my way, will be home in 10
Joanna: ok ;)
Terry: Ok, ready
Joanna: I had a chance to have a quick look and I think it's a really good project, so I have only a few minor remarks. The layout is great, but maybe it could be improved if you moved it slightly more to the centre?
Terry: Yeah, I was thinking the same, but couldn't make it.
Joanna: ok, ok! If you turn the help lines function on in the view panel it will be much easier. Every time you move an element all the lines will appear with all necessary parameters written on them, so you can make sure that everything is at the same height or is within the same distance.
Terry: Whoah, this is amazing Joanna! Thank you so much for this tip! Could've saved HOURS if I'd known that earlier.
Joanna: haha, no problem ;) Here <file_other>
Joanna: This page is a true life-saver. You'll find amazing tutorials and lots of useful tips
Terry: Thank you so much <3 Moving everything as we speak
Summary: Joanna helps Terry with his project. She suggests the layout improvement. She tells Terry how to do it. She also sends him a website with useful guides.
Dialogue: Kendra: I have no ide what to cook for dinner
Lisa: me too
Kendra: that's no help. I always cook and u don't even give any ideas
Lisa: don't be so angry, I cook too
Kendra: when? I didn't see you doiing it lately
Lisa: I'm busy at work...
Kendra: me too and I still cook
Lisa: I know, I know, I'll figure sth out
Kendra: I hope so
Summary: Lisa and Kendra don't know what to eat for dinner. Kendra does most of the cooking, although they're both busy at work. Lisa will think of something for dinner.
Dialogue: Greg: did you see the doc?
Emily: yeah 
Greg: what did he say?
Emily: it's nothing to worry about
Emily: but they want to run some test 
Greg: ok thank god, keep me posted
Summary: Emily went to a doctor and will have some test done.
Dialogue: Nancy: i'm thinking about a pet for Bobby? any thoughts?
Greg: well, he's old enough to handle a pet. what type of pet?
Nancy: a fish maybe?
Martha: but he won't be able to touch it..
Nancy: i know, what about a hamster or a rabbit then?
Martha: what about a dog or a cat?
Nancy: i want a small pet
Martha: but i don't like pet cages!
Greg: what about a turtle?
Martha: they grow fast and live very long so finally you'll have to give it away. you won't be able to keep it :( 
Nancy: oh dear! i'm gonna reconsider..
Summary: Nancy considers buying a pet for Bobby.
Dialogue: Jada: OMG...
Jada: You know who I saw just now?
Jena: Whom?
Jada: My ex. 😑
Jena: Did you say something? 🐱
Jena: Did he also see you?🐱
Jada: Yes he saw me as well cause our eyes met
Jada: And..No I couldn't. (-_-)(-_-)
Jada: He was with another girl(._.)
Jena: How did she look?
Jada: Pretty....I think I should go on a diet (Ｔ▽Ｔ) 
Jena: You are not fat!
Jada: I know. But since we broke up, I haven’t been taking care of my weight and appearance.....OTL
Jada: When I saw her I felt like I lost. 🌟🌟
Jena: If you should do that, just do it yourself. NOT BECAUSE OF HIM.😒😒😒😒
Summary: Jada just saw her ex-boyfriend. She wants to go on a diet.
Dialogue: Diana: shit, I can't stop thinkig about it...;/
Diana: I wrote him what u told me and nth
Diana: ... ;-( :-( ;-( 
Sue: maybe he is busy
Sue: take it easy gilr!
Diana: no, he always writes back
Diana: and he promised me to answer me today
Sue: it's only 11 , maybe he's still sleeping;-)
Diana: No, he wakes up early
Sue: but yesterday he want for beers, right?
Sue: so he can be still sleeping:D
Diana: no, I saw him active
Sue: so maybe he's got a hangover 
Sue: I hate talking with sb when I have a hangover
Diana: no he doesn't drink much...
Sue: so r u going to sit here and wait for him??????
Diana: I'm so nervous... that this will be over...
Sue: I can't believe, u know him for 3 weeks and u r totally dependent on him!
Diana: no, that's not true
Sue: it is true, darling! 
Sue: he should be dependend on u, he should be chasing u and not the other way round!!!
Diana: true....:/
Sue: just do yr things and if he can fit to yr schedule then u gonna meet;-)
Sue: and if not then he'll learn that he needs to book u in advance;-)
Diana: but what if we don't meet then?
Sue: then, he will learn faster :D
Diana: ok, fine, thx <3 <3 <3 
Summary: Diana is desperately awaiting a response from a guy she's known for 3 weeks. Sue is trying to calm her down.
Dialogue: Eva: I'm going to have to cancel our Thursday's lesson this week.
Eva: I have really bad laryngitis and I've totally lost my voice.
Kaz: :-( Poor you!
Kaz: We can reschedule for next week.
Kaz: I have Tues and Wed slots I can fit you into.
Kaz: Tues after 7pm or Wednesday after 7:30?
Eva: I think Wednesday will be better.
Kaz: OK.
Kaz: Sorry I just realised I have an extra lesson this Wed. Can't do Wed.
Eva: When can you do then?
Kaz: Will have to check with the school and let you know.
Kaz: I should know by Monday.
Eva: OK
Summary: Eva has to cancel Thursday's lesson this week, because she lost her voice. Kaz will let Eva know when the lesson can take place next week.
Dialogue: Carl: you have a dog! just saw your instagram :)
Monica: yes :)
Carl: is it a schnauzer mini?
Monica: it is :) 2 months old. his name is Sheldon :)
Carl: my daughter can't see him...
Monica: lol
Summary: Monica has a 2-month-old schnauzer mini, named Sheldon.
Dialogue: Julia: Have you seen 'The First Man', Kat?
Kat: not yet
Kat: but I need to. Because of Ryan Gosling ;)
Julia: yes, you must see it!
Julia: Ryan is absolutely fab in this role!
Kat: I love him <3
Kat: my fav actor
Kat: so good looking!
Julia: oh yes, he is! 
Kat: ;)
Summary: Julia enjoyed 'The First Man' with Ryan Gosling. Kat wants to watch it too.
Dialogue: Sean: My grandad turns 100 2moro!
Josephine: Wow, that's amazing.I never met anyone 100
Sean: me neither. he looks pretty good though
Josephine: how bout health?
Sean: relatively good I guess. I mean, he's got all kinds of illnesses, but this is also true about 80 year olds right?
Josephine: that's fantastic really. are you organizing any party?
Sean: not me, but the family yes, at the weekend.
Josephine: oh cool
Sean: yeah, we're having like 50 different people, not just family
Josephine: any of his friends still alive? i mean sorry it's rough and all
Sean: come on, I know what you mean. i dunno really. grandma's long gone
Josephine: that's a pity
Sean: yeah, but grandad's been pretty active and always people around so he's never alone. almost i mean
Josephine: that's good I guess. i reckon loneliness is the worst thing that can happen when you reach this age
Sean: true. 
Josephine: are you buying him anything special?
Sean: that's kinda hard you know. you don't need much when you 100
Josephine: just people around you I guess
Sean: yeah, he always says we are his greatest gift
Josephine: that's sweet ain;t it
Sean: yeah, but I guess I'll do sth for him. you know, DIY & stuff
Josephine: this could be luvly 
Sean: just don't know what to do yet
Josephine: I'm sure you'll come up with sth!
Summary: Sean's grandfather celebrates his 100th birthday tomorrow so they're organizing a party for 50 people at the weekend. Sean might do something for his grandfather rather than buy a present.
Dialogue: Teresa: Hey, I found a red bad after the party. Is it yours, Rita?
Rita: Nope, maybe the gf of Tom?
Tom: Small red leather bag? It's Suzie's!
Summary: Teresa has found Suzie's bag.
Dialogue: Ryan: so are you coming for the night?
Oliver: hi
Oliver: ok
Oliver: what time?
Ryan: hmm
Ryan: 9pm maybe? :D or it's too late? we'll have a couple of drinks :D
Oliver: hahaha ok. 9pm is good
Oliver: i'll go to the gym before
Ryan: good!
Ryan: don't forget to take everything!
Oliver: yeah
Oliver: at what time do we leave?
Ryan: the flight is at 7am
Ryan: so 5:30am at the airport?
Oliver: yeah that's good
Ryan: so we're leaving at 4:30-4:45am i guess
Ryan: alarm at 3:30am XD
Oliver: omg
Oliver: yes
Ryan: crazy
Ryan: oh well it's fine xd
Oliver: yes
Ryan: see you at 9pm then!
Oliver: see you :D
Summary: Ryan and Oliver are going to meet at 9pm. They will leave for the airport around 4:30.
Dialogue: Mike: Well well, I'm impressed Ingrid! You're the owner of the most luxurious hotel in the whole county! Grand Tower Hotel!!! 
Ingrid: Thanks Mike. Hope that you'll come by some day :)
Mike: Can't wait! Do you have some free rooms for next week?
Ingrid: Let me check
Ingrid: Yes, I have :) The best VIP apartment in the county is waiting for you!
Mike: I'm so happy!
Ingrid: and remember, it's free of charge
Mike: thanks :)
Summary: Mike asked Ingrid about a free room at her hotel.
Dialogue: Charlie: just got a new high score!
Archie: cool!
Archie: how much?
Charlie: 152.374
Charlie: almost 25000 more then the last one
Archie: grats
Archie: how long it took?
Charlie: around 15 tries
Charlie: still feel that I can do better
Archie: nobody stopping you
Charlie: need to finish homework first or my parents will kill me
Charlie: cya at school
Summary: Charlie has just achieved his highest score of 152374, which is almost 25000 more than the previous one. It took him around 15 attempts. He needs to do this homework not to anger his parents.
