Dialogue: David: Hi Terry , How’s the work progress,
Terry: Sorry for the delay boss in posting my work, Its been a rough week, one I have finally caught upto.
David: Well don’t take too long I need the work finished by now, its approaching the deadline.
Terry: Ok. I will submit right away.
Summary: Terry's having a rough week and there's some delay in his work. David, his boss, needs it finished. Terry will submit it now.
Dialogue: Barb: hey emma i need your help!! 
Barb: i was supposed to host my sister's baby shower 
Barb: but i haven't prepared anything! :‑[
Emma: why?
Barb: i've been so busy at work
Barb: i haven't had a chance to even get a venue
Barb: can you help me, please?!?!?!
Barb: i'm desperate!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Emma: of course! i love your sister <3
Emma: we can do it at my house
Emma: is next wednesday ok?
Barb: THAT'S PERFECT!!!
Emma: i can tell my friend Diana to cater for us
Emma: she makes great finger foods and desserts ʘ‿ʘ
Barb: YES! YOU'RE INCREDIBLE!!!
Emma: i can also organize some games :-D
Emma: put up some decorations :-D
Emma: put together some party favors :-D
Barb: YOU ARE A LIFE SAVER!!!!
Barb: i really don't know how to repay you <3 <3 <3
Emma: don't worry about it
Emma: that's what friends are for
Summary: Barb has to organize her sister's baby shower, but she hasn't prepared anything. Emma is going to help Barb. Emma will organize catering, games and decorations.
Dialogue: Gavin: do you need the car tomorrow?
Bridget: no I dont think so
Gavin: can I take it in the morning?
Gavin: need to go to Bath
Bridget: ok sure. when r u back?
Gavin: tomorrow evening
Summary: Gavin will borrow Bridget's car. He will go to Bath and come back tomorrow evening.
Dialogue: Joshua: look out the window
Noah: what's there? XD
Joshua: do it :P
Noah: oh wow
Noah: so much snow :D when did this happen lol
Joshua: :D
Noah: it's definitely time to build a snowman!
Joshua: build an Olaf :d
Noah: ofc i will, he's my idol!
Joshua: XD
Summary: It's snowing outside.
Dialogue: Charles: How are you doing guys?
Diana: we're in the car
Will: mom is driving
Charles: what time are you going to be here?
Will: mom says in about an hour 
Charles: Did you have fun at grandparents' place?
Will: a lot! I got amazing presents
Charles: nice! You'll show me at home
Summary: Charles, Will, Diana and Diana's mum will meet up in about an hour at Charles' home.
Dialogue: Lindy: Hi Babe! Thought you might be interested:
Lindy: <file_other>
Lindy: Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna chamber orchestra.
Sharon: Wow! Thank you!
Sharon: Which sender?
Lindy: 3sat, at 8:15
Lindy: tonight
Summary: There will be a transmission of Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna Chamber Orchestra tonight at 8:15 on 3sat.
Dialogue: Frank: Have you played the new dontnod game?
Hank: not yet
Hank: but it looks really good
Frank: it's awesome
Frank: it's their best game ever
Hank: Really?
Hank: better than life is strange?
Frank: I'm willing to say it's even better
Hank: that's some recommendation
Hank: cuz that was like the best game ever
Frank: I don't want to spoil it for you
Frank: but this one is an even bigger mind fuck
Hank: gees is that even possible?
Frank: yes it is
Frank: believe me it is
Hank: fuck now I'm going to be playing it the entire night
Frank: you're welcome hahaha
Summary: Hank hasn't yet played the new dontnod game. It's their best game ever according to Frank. Better than Life is Strange. Hank's going to play it all night long now.
Dialogue: Martin: happy  birthday, enjoy your day!🎉🍰
Raoul: thanks
Martin: with pleasure!
Raoul: I'm waiting for you, it's gonna be nice
Raoul: why you didn't come with Flo?
Martin: i was to tired. But i'm coming today
Raoul: Really?If you do that i'll come and pick you up at the station
Martin: I'll be there
Raoul: for sure? Not like yesterday?
Martin: no, but i'll let you know
Raoul: ok l'll wait for you
Martin: ok
Raoul: are you still coming?
Martin: yep! why?
Raoul: nothing, just to be sure!
Martin: ok
Raoul: give me your dock number
Martin: ok , i'll tell you 
Raoul: i'm on my way
Martin: we'll arrive in 10 minutes
Raoul: arrived
Martin: dock 18
Raoul: i've seen on the board
Summary: Raoul has a birthday today. He will pick Martin up at the station.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi, I won't make it today. I have an awful cold.
David: Hi, Sam, sure, no problem.
Sam: Thanks. Is there anything I could do from home?
David: No, that's okay, Carl just got back from his vacation so we can handle the workload.
Sam: Great, if you need anything just text me. I should feel fine in a day or two.
David: Okay, let me know tomorrow.
Sam: I will, thanks!
Summary: Sam has a cold and won't make it today. Carl got back so they can handle without Sam. Sam will let David know tomorrow.
Dialogue: Chloe: OMG, i saw ur designs for class. they're like SO LAME
Stella: What? how? no one was supposed to see those
Chloe: Yeah, well i did - and they'r like ridiculous!
Chloe: i can't believe u drew something so horrendous 
Stella: stop it Chloe!!  
Chloe: why? u gonna cry??
Stella: why do u have to be so mean all the time? 
Chloe: please, i'm just doing u a favour
Chloe: now no one needs to see u or ur work again
Chloe: u should just quit while u can
Stella: but i like designing
Chloe: but u clearly have no talent
Chloe: no one is gonna want to hang out wiht a nobody like u
Stella: ur just saying tht
Chloe: i wouldn't be saying it if it wasnt *true*
Stella: i don't care - I'm not quitting! i love creating and designing!! 
Stella: and i do have talent - Mrs Hall even said so!
Chloe: puh-lease, she was just saying that cos she felt sorry for u
Chloe: not that i blame her
Stella: i'm not gonna quit
Chloe: *yawn*
Stella: i'm serious
Chloe: whtaever, it's ur funeral
Summary: Chloe dislikes Stella's designs and advises her to give up. Stella won't quit and Mrs Hall thinks she is talented too.
Dialogue: Nathan: Hi, long time no talk!
Sarah: Oh hi Nathan! So happy to hear you!
Nathan: Are you still into manga?
Sarah: Ha, funny thing. I wasn't, but recently I decided to give it another try.
Sarah: Why are you asking?
Nathan: I bought two tickets to Animatsuri for the manga days and my friend just stood me up.
Sarah: That'd be great, thanks!
Sarah: Welp, not great you got stood up, but I'd glad go with you :)
Nathan: Cool! Sending you the details, meet you there!
Nathan: <file_other>
Nathan: And poster
Nathan: <file_photo>
Summary: Nathan invites Sarah to Animatsuri for the manga days. She accepts.
Dialogue: Mandy: Hi, have any of you paid the electricilty bill?
Sarah: I don't know
Josh: what's the date on the bill?
Mandy: 24th
Josh: I haven't
Josh: I was sure Sarah did
Mandy: she didn't, apparently
Mandy: there's a demand for payment
Sarah: that's strange 
Sarah: I paid one a few days ago...
Josh: dear lord...
Josh: are you sure?
Sarah: wait... let me check my account
Sarah: yeah. I paid 20 pounds 2 days ago
Mandy: that was a different bill, because this one is for 37
Sarah: oh
Mandy: Okay, I'll pay it
Mandy: But you will have to pay me back as soon as you're back
Josh: thanks, Mandy
Mandy: incl. interest ;)
Summary: The electricity bill with the date 24th has not been paid. Mandy will make the payment.
Dialogue: Marzena: Hi guys, I'll be in London on February!
Jeff: How amazing
Tony: are you coming back for good?
Marzena: no, it's not even that easy now
Marzena: with Brexit...
Tony: oh, c'mon. It may not even happen
Marzena: I'll stay a week, I hope to meet you there
Tony: of course!
Summary: Marzena is coming to London for a week in February. She's going to meet Jeff and Tony there.
Dialogue: Andrew: Your daily dose of memes from Andy ^^
Andrew: <file_other>
Andrew: <file_other>
Naomi: HAHAHA you always make me laugh😂
Summary: Andrew shares his daily portion of amusing memes with Naomi.
Dialogue: Monica: Hi all
Monica: I'm finally free this weekend
Monica: And I feel like meeting you guys
Mike: I felt like meeting you a week ago, and a week before that, and 3 weeks ago...
Monica: I'm sorry I was so busy
Mike: Now I'm busy, sorry
Freddie: It was Mike's birthday last weekend
Freddie: It was really important for him
Monica: I'm sorry, I didn't know 
Mike: I know when your birthday is...
Monica: I mean
Monica: I knew when your birthdays was, I just didn't know how important it was for you
Mike: You knew when it was and I didn't even get a "happy birthday" from you
Summary: Monica is free this weekend. Mike is busy. Mike's birthday was last weekend. Monica didn't send him greetings on that day.
Dialogue: Jim: Can you please let everyone know that I am going home sick? Thanks.
Andrea: Sure. What about your meeting later?
Jim: Already cancelled it. I just can't stay.
Andrea: I understand. Anything else I can do?
Jim: You can ask Renee for her file on the Cooper project. 
Andrea: Okay.
Jim: Pull out anything that has to do with our department and make a timeline.
Andrea: Can do. Anything else?
Jim: Create a company calendar of all the deadlines and find a collaboration space on the public drive.
Andrea: No problem. I'm on it.
Jim: Great. Hope I can shake this cold without infecting everyone else.
Andrea: Yes, don't breathe on any of us on your way out!
Jim: I won't!
Andrea: Did your kids bring it home?
Jim: What?
Andrea: Your cold bug?
Jim: Oh! Yes, I think so. Both of them were sick last week.
Andrea: Oh dear. 
Jim: Yes, so I'll be down for the count at least the rest of the week.
Andrea: Noted.
Jim: I'll try to get back in as soon as I can. But I'll be on email.
Andrea: Okay. I'll try not to bug you!
Jim: No problem.
Andrea: Get well soon!
Jim: Will do!
Summary: Jim has got a cold from his kids. He cancelled the meeting, goes home and will be on email. Andrea will take care of his responsibilities.
Dialogue: Nina: Merry Xmas Karen!
Karen: Thanks Nina! Merry xmas to you too! :)
Karen: Where are you spending xmas? 
Nina: at my parent's home
Karen: In Wrocław?
Nina: yes, near Wrocław. 
Nina: Happy New Year! 
Nina: What are your plans for the eveneing?
Karen: Thx! Happy NY to u 2!
Karen: we're going to a restaurant with friends. 
Karen: & u?
Nina: Home, with Luke and Ben. Quiet evening. 
Karen: Have a nice evening then!
Nina: And you have fun!
Karen: Thx!
Karen: Hi, I'm coming to Wrocław next weekend for a workshop. 
Karen: Coffee?
Nina: Of course! 
Karen: Saturday evening?
Nina: Yes! 
Summary: Nina is spending Christmas at her parents' home near Wrocław. Karen is going to a restaurant with friends, whereas Nina will be at home with Luke and Ben for the New Year. Karen is coming to Wrocław for a workshop next weekend and she will meet Nina on Saturday evening for a coffee. 
Dialogue: Samuel: Hi, Amy!
Amy: Hi!
Samuel: We should prepare something for Ann's birthday
Amy: you mean a present or a party?
Samuel: maybe both?
Amy: When is it exactly?
Samuel: End of May, 22nd I believe
Amy: Ok, than we could have a garden party at my place
Samuel: that's a great idea
Amy: It should be warm enough already
Samuel: Sure, and very green
Amy: and about the present...
Samuel: Any ideas?
Amy: I think we could buy her a ticket for a concert
Samuel: only us or also others?
Amy: We can collect some money from her friends 
Samuel: What concert?
Amy: She loves Beach House and they are touring right now
Samuel: Maybe we could buy her a ticket and a flight to some nice city where they are playing.
Amy: Perfect idea
Samuel: I'll check the tour and connections and let you know
Amy: Ok! Thanks for that
Summary: Amy will organize a birthday party for Ann in her garden. Samuel will check Beach House's tour in order to buy Ann a concert ticket together with a flight ticket as a birthday present.
Dialogue: Evelyn: Hon, I forgot to set out the laundry - could you do that?
Robert: sure mom :)
Evelyn: Thanks sweetheart :) there are freshly baked flapjack in the oven, they're still a little hot so you might have to wait a while.
Robert: :D
Robert: <file_gif>
Evelyn: Don't forget to do your homework!!
Summary: Evelyn forgot to set out the laundry. Rob will do that. She made some fresh flapjacks, they are in the oven.
Dialogue: Aaron: Hi Bob, are you sending Katie to the school trip?
Bob: Hi Aaron, Katie really wants to go.
Bob: So Marie & I agreed.
Aaron: So does Vicki.
Aaron: I'm trying to convince Sandra though.
Bob: She's not convinced?
Aaron: Well you know, it would be Vicki's first time away from home.
Aaron: For an entire week.
Bob: Yeah, same for Katie.
Bob: But we decided she needs to start getting independent.
Aaron: That's what I was thinking as well, but Sandra is freaking out...
Aaron: I've been telling her that the kids will be taken care of- quite a few teachers are going with them.
Bob: And most of the kids are going, so she won't feel lonely.
Aaron: Exactly and they have so many activities planned.
Aaron: She'll barely have time to think about us :D
Bob: Yeah, and now there are so many means of communication.
Bob: You can see each other every day on Whats app.
Aaron: I know, remember our school trips?
Aaron: We didn't even have cell phones.
Bob: Oh yeah, those were the good old days.
Bob: No parental control :D
Aaron: And that's what I've been telling Sandra all along.
Bob: I have a thought.
Bob: Maybe Marie could invite her for coffee. You know they would chit chat and & maybe she could convince her.
Aaron: That's a great idea man.
Aaron: It might just work.
Bob: OK, I'll tell Marie about our plans.
Bob: She'll give Sandra a call.
Aaron: Perfect, thanks man!
Summary: Marie will call Sandra to invite her over for coffee. Bob and Aaron want Sandra to convince Marie to let Vicki go to a school trip for a week.
Dialogue: Henrik: guess what your mother textd me
Emily: i don't trust that woman lol
Emily: what did she send you????
Henrik: PICTURES OF YOU AS A CHILD!!!
Henrik: HAHAHAHAHAHA
Henrik: that's an evil laugh btw
Emily: oh no oh no oh no oh no
Emily: pleaseeeeeeee don't send them to anyone else
Emily: please don't!!!!
Henrik: hahhaha don't worry about it
Henrik: you were adorable… what happened to you?
Emily: oh shut up
Summary: Emily's mother sent Henrik photos of Emily as a kid.
Dialogue: Terry: <file_other>
Terry: did you see this interview with Kit Harrington?
Ann: Yeah, I laughed so hard
Ann: <file_gif>
Terry: hysterical to me :D
Summary: Ann saw the interview with Kit Harrington and it was hysterical to Terry. 
Dialogue: Meryl: Are you going to be at the gala?
Clint: No, I'm tired of this comedy
Roberta: I'm working there this time
Meryl: good, at least I won't be alone :) See you there
Roberta: see u
Summary: Meryl and Roberta are going to the gala but Clint isn't as he's tired.
Dialogue: Beth: What kind of after school classes do you take your children to?
Harry: piano and swimming lessons
Noah: football plus french lessons- each twice a week
Lilly: Poppy- arts&crafts and ballet dancing, Freddie- judo and guitar lessons 
Beth: i just don't wanna put too much pressure on my children
Lilly: i encourage my children to try different stuff each year
Beth: so they find out what they really like. clever! x
Harry: we go to swimming classes together so it's our quality time
Noah: i often hear people say they wish their parents hadn't let them give up
Harry: that's a good point!
Lilly: as long as they enjoy their classes i'm gonna keep taking them
Summary: Lilly will take her kids to the after school classes as long as they enjoy it. Noah supports his kids in football and french lessons. Harry go swimming together with his kids, they also take piano lessons.
Dialogue: Harvey: Could anybody order me an Uber
Zac: sure, but why can't you do it yourself
Tristan: I can as well
Harvey: I don't know, something is wrong with my credit card apparently
Zac: Ok, just let me know where you are
Harvey: at he City Hall
Zac: ok, he should be there in 5 min!
Harvey: Thanks a lot
Summary: Zac will order an Uber for Harvey at the City Hall because she has problems with her credit card.
Dialogue: Peter: Hi guys, should we eat out tonight?
Finn: yes, I want to eat something good
Finn: the stuff we've eaten so far was disgusting
Bob: but it's a part of trekking
Finn: I know, but today we're close to a nice city
Jackie: true, let's have a proper dinner tonight
Peter: so we should go down to the town about 17 I believe
Jackie: ok, so let's go back to the hotel about 16
Jackie: so we can rest a bit, relax
Finn: yes, and then go to the town and have really nice food
Bob: Perfect, can't wait
Peter: I'll book a table
Jackie: at the restaurant we found on tripadvisor
Peter: yes
Summary: Peter, Finn, Bob and Jackie will eat a dinner tonight at the restaurant they found on TripAdvisor. They should be in the town around 5 pm.
Dialogue: George: Hi there! Long time no talk!
George: Whats up?
Julia: Not much, really. Are you in town?
George: I wish! I still have many things to do here.
Julia: Oh 😩
George: I'll come visit at the end of the month, okay?
Julia: Alright. I hope I won't be working then.
George: I'll come on the weekend. See you 😘
Julia: Can't wait!
Summary: George will meet with Julia at the weekend.
Dialogue: Clarie: Is that offer still available? 
Aaron: Which one?
Clarie: That home teaching :/
Aaron: Yeah it is
Clarie: What is the salary package?
Aaron: They would deduct 50% from the first income and 10% from every month from then, as their comission
Clarie: Not good :/
Summary: The home teaching offer is still available. Claire is not happy with a 50% income deduction after the first month and a 10% monthly commission afterwards.
Dialogue: Joanne: Did you know this? We tried it for french toad using ground chia seeds and almond milk.
Gill: French toad lol?
Joanne: you should have said toast. 😂
Gill: I thought it didn't seem very veggie lol
Summary: Joanne tried a new way of preparing French toast.
Dialogue: Finn: hey you, put channel 7 on
Lyla: why?
Finn: they play the last season of CSI: Las Vegas :D
Lyla: <file_gif>
Summary: The last season of CSI: Las Vegas aired on Channel 7.
Dialogue: Jennifer: <file_other>
Jennifer: This cover is so damn goooooood
Alexandra: Listened to that, I have mixed feelings...
Zoey: Why?
Alexandra: This voice is I don't know
Alexandra: A bit strange
Summary: Jennifer loves this cover. Alexandra finds it a bit strange.
Dialogue: Dave: Hi! :) How are you doing?
Jane: Hello! Not too bad, just chilling right now. You?
Dave: Good, good. I'm writing because we didn't have the chance to finish our conversation yesterday.
Jane: That's right! You promised to send me some useful links.
Dave: Exactly! Here there are: <file_other>, <file_other>, <file_other>
Dave: These are the ones I found the most helpful. First days are the most difficult, but you'll find good tips on what to do, what to avoid, etc.
Dave: And here's the link to the shelter where I found Trixie :) <file_other>
Jane: Wow! Thanks Dave!
Dave: No problem. I'm happy to hear that someone's considering adopting a dog instead of buying one.
Jane: I thought about buying, because I love pugs and other small dogs. I was reading about them and I found out that they have a lot health issues.
Jane: I don't want to buy a dog that's going to die in three years or I spend all days at the vet.
Dave: It's actually proven that mutt's have much better health than purebred dogs.
Jane: That's why I've heard too. So I thought it may be a better idea to adopt :)
Dave: See, I've always dreamed about a German shepherd, but then I went to the shelter with my friend and found Trixie :)
Dave: Adopting a dog is not as easy as it may seem, but I think that's good. I was asked to fill in a questionnaire, had two interviews (;)) and a trial walk, before they agreed to give me Trixie. So be prepared to have your flat checked and everything.
Jane: I don't mind that at all.
Dave: Here's Trixie :) <file_photo>
Jane: She's sooo cute! <3
Jane: I'm only afraid they won't let me adopt a dog, because I've never had one.
Dave: Oh don't worry about that! I didn't have one either!
Dave: Go to the webpage I sent you, or a find a different shelter, and look at the dogs that are waiting for adoption. We all have our preferences, but I advise you to be honest with the caretakers and tell them what kind of dog you would like to have.
Jane: Thank you! What if I like a dog that will not be suitable for me?
Dave: Hm, I'd rather go for the personality than for the looks, same with people I guess ;) I'd prefer my friends to be nice than pretty ;)
Jane: It's true, sounds logical ;)
Dave: If you have any doubts or questions, do not hesitate to ask me. I went the same road, so I hope I may be able to help you.
Jane: Thank you so much! I probably will have a lot of questions :D
Summary: Jane wants to adopt a dog. Dave adopted a Trixie from a shelter.
Dialogue: Sandra: Did you lock the door, darling?
Alexia: Yes, I did.
Sandra: Have you got your hat on?
Alexia: Yeah
Sandra: Have a good day at school :-*
Summary: Sandra asks Alexia if she locked the door and put her hat on. She did.
Dialogue: Peter: When did you last time see Eric?
Paul: I think about a month ago
Peter: Me too...
Peter: At Brenda's birthday
Paul: That's strange
Paul: He never skipped trainings
Peter: First I thought he was sick 
Peter: I even sent him a message to see if he was ok
Peter: "I'm fine, mate"
Peter: This is what he wrote
Peter: Nothing more
Paul: Maybe he's having difficult time
Paul: But I have no idea why would that be
Peter: Maybe we should visit him
Peter: He was never really close to me but I'm worried
Summary: Peter and Paul saw Eric last time a month ago at Brenda's birthday. Peter sent him a message, but Eric was laconic.
Dialogue: Anna: HEYYY
Max: HIII WHATS UP? :) 
Anna: Not Much!! I wanted to ask what your plans are for New Years??
Max: I don't have any yet u??
Anna: Yeah! Im having a party at my place! you should come!!
Max: Yesssss for sure I will! do you want me to bring anything??
Anna: Maybe some drinks? but I mean just bring your self :)
Max: Sweet!! I have a friend do you mind if I bring him?
Anna: yeah! its no problem! whats his/her name?
Max: John friend from school he is a cool dude I think u. will like him 
Anna: Yeah!! more people the better :PPP hahaha
Max: yeah #parrrrtttttyyyy
Anna: my parents are out of town so its perfect hahaha
Max: he'll yeahhh
Summary: Anna is hosting a New Year's party at her place, while her parents are out of town, and she is inviting Max. Max will come to the party, bringing his school friend John with him.
Dialogue: Ava: You saw the new  painting  just made?
Noah: Nah. Send me the pics
Ava: Sending and tell me where does It need improvements
Ava: <file_photo>
Noah: Omg . Thats so amazing :o You made it alone?
Ava: Took a bit help from my elder  brother
Noah: Will take a close look at it when I will meet you at your home 
Summary: Ava did a new painting with some help from her elder brother. Noah will study it when visiting Ava.
Dialogue: Nina: Hey, did u hear that Krystyna Janda received a best actress award at sundance festival?
Tom: oooh nice
Mark: crazy!
Mark: happy for her
Summary: Krystyna Janda received the best actress award at the Sundance festival.
Dialogue: Tom: Who wants to come with me to Boston in December?
Tom: A friend of mine left for a month and said I can stay at his place with whoever I want.
Carmen: Amazing! When exactly?
Dorothy: I love Boston! I'm in!
Peter: If it's the end of December I can join as well
Tom: 15 of Dec till 15 of Jan.
Peter: So maybe New Year's Eve in Boston?
Carmen: How many people could you take?
Tom: it's a huge house, I think up to 5-6 would be still fine.
Peter: So let's organise it, because we're so amazingly flexible, some people can come earlier, some later
Tom: yup! I will reside there the whole month probably, taking care of the place and working from home
Tom: So, guys, just let me know exact dates when you can come and I will make a schedule 
Carmen: Wow! I'm so excited! 
Tom: Is anybody else interested?
Laura: I think I am!
Grace: Count me in!
Toby: I would love to, but we're going to Barbados with Lore 
Carmen: Fuck you Toby! you never work! travelling all the time. I'm so envious 
Toby: But it's my work as you know.
Toby: Traveling is my lifestyle 😜
Tom: We should just ban you, Toby, you're a troll with your amazing lifestyle
Toby: Sorry guys! 🤴 Enjoy your snowy Massachusetts 😜
Dorothy: Hahahah, I love you subtle trolling Toby. Carmen was already ecstatic and then you entered with Barbados 😂
Carmen: I'm still excited!
Summary: Tom will take care of his friends' place in Boston in December. Dorothy, Peter, Carmen, Laura and Grace will join him and they will spend New Year's Eve there. Toby can't come because he is going to Barbados with Lore, which makes others a bit envious. 
Dialogue: Bill: Hey, what's up. There's a shakeup here at work. Some big honcho is coming by tomorrow. We'll see what happens.
Anna: A shake up? Think your job is in danger? Are you guys going away for Easter?
Bill: I don't know, everyone's shaking :) No, we're staying.
Bill: Are you going away?
Anna: Nope
Bill: Have anything planned for Easter?
Anna: Not really, just gonna hang here at home. If you want we could do smthg.
Bill: Yeah, let's meet with the kids and go to MC.
Anna: Sounds like a plan.
Bill: Hey, isn't it crazy how there's so many people at the stores? It's nuts!
Anna: Yeah, like Black Friday or Christmas.
Bill: People are wackos! I just wanna paint my eggs and eat a decent meal :)
Anna: I hear ya. Anyways, write me when you wanna meet up. See ya
Bill: See ya
Summary: Bill has some problems at work and might even lose his job. He and Anna are not going away for Easter so they agree to meet with the kids and go to MC. Anna and Bill are both shocked with the number of people in stores.
Dialogue: Adam: How about going to London this weekend?
Sarah: Sure.
Martin: I can't. Sorry guys.
Sarah: Too much work?
Martin: This time it's not about work...
Sarah: Is that about... what's her name...?
Martin: Amanda. Yes, blame it on her :-)
Sarah: Well, well, well. Martin has a girlfriend now!
Adam: Congrats bro! She can come to London with us ;-)
Summary: Martin is not going to London with Adam and Sarah this weekend because he's seeing his girlfriend, Amanda.
Dialogue: Dixie: What the hell is this cheese you gave me? It's horrible!🤮  
Jason: What do you mean? It's great!!
Dixie: No it isn't, it's like rubber!!😡 
Jason: Oh no, please tell me you did cook it?
Dixie: No, why?
Jason: OMG you muppet!!! you can't eat halloumi raw, you need to cook it! in the frying pan or under the grill or something!
Dixie: why didn't you tell me that!! how am I supposed to know I need to cook cheese before eating it?!?!?!
Jason: I thought you'd know that!! everyone knows that!!
Dixie: but you gave it to me because I've never tried it before!!!
Jason: that's true actually sorry... 😂 😂 😂 
Dixie: 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 
Jason: hahaha sorry!
Jason: so you need to slice it and fry it in the frying pan until its a bit brown and yummie and then eat it 
Dixie: I might try that tomorrow cause I'm seriously grossed out right now 🤢 
Jason: fair enough, let me know what you think...
Summary: Dixie ate haloumi raw as Jason didn't mention that she should cook it. 
Dialogue: Sandy: wanna join? <file_other>
Tina: no, I need to keep writing:/:/
Sandy: writing what?
Tina: a stupid essay for Monday :/ :/
Sandy: about?
Tina: some psychological shit..:P
Sandy: uh, that sucks ;(
Sandy: how many pages?
Tina: 30............
Sandy: how many u have?
Tina: don ask!
Sandy: 3? :D
Tina: 5...  
Sandy: fuck!!close fb and  u gonna make it,  fingers x!!
Sandy: thx, enjoy tonite!
Summary: Tina can't join Sandy as she needs to keep writing an essay on psychology for Monday. She has to write 30 pages, but has only 5 now.  
Dialogue: Jimmy: Sorry, have you seen Maria today?
Peter: Briefly, in the main corridor.
Jimmy: Great! Do you think she can still be in the office? she's not answering my messages :/
Peter: oh, yes, she's a deadline today, will be here till late hours I am sure.
Jimmy: Perfect, thanks a lot.
Summary: Maria's not answering Jimmy, she'll be in her office until late as she's a deadline today.
Dialogue: Lily: You watched the last episode of Teen Wolf? 
Liam: Yeah I did
Lily: I was amazed to see Ethan back from death
Liam: I couldnt believe, How did he survive that shot
Lily: Thats because he is also having the power of wolves right now
Liam: I already knew that much :P
Lily: Lets see what happens next
Summary: Lily and Liam watched the last episode of Teen Wolf and they are discussing it. 
Dialogue: Ania: you won't believe what happen to me today :-(
Zdzisiek: What happened?
Ania: I went to the market to get some apples
Ania: And when I was passing through I met my old friend from highschool
Ania: You know my highschool, right? 
Ania: The one in the old part of the town, nearby that creepy cinema
Ania: It's good they closed it, by the way
Zdzisiek: ok...?
Ania: And then my mum called me
Ania: And she said we don't have apples anymore
Ania: And I'm like muum, hellooo, I'm getting them right now! 
Ania: And I couldn't talk because I was with my old friend, right? 
Zdzisiek: ok, so?
Ania: so?
Zdzisiek: what happen to you?
Ania: I just told you
Zdzisiek: What? But where is the point in all of it?
Ania: ...
Ania: that was rude!
Summary: Ania went to the market to get apples. She received a phone call from her mother reminding her to get apples while she was talking to her high school friend.
Dialogue: Lilyana: <file_photo>
Hallie: Whoaaaa!
Hallie: Girl, your nails look so fab :O
Hallie: Where did you have them done?
Lilyana: I actually did them myself! ;)
Hallie: You're pulling my leg! That looks like a pro's work
Lilyana: Thanks :D
Lilyana: I can do yours sometimes too if you want?
Hallie: Sounds great! I've never been very creative when it comes to decorating nails, haha
Lilyana: Oh I've looked for inspiration on Pinterest and Instagram, I really recommend it for nail art photos!
Summary: Lilyana did her nails herself. Hallie likes them. She offered to do Hallie's nails for her. Lilyana looked for inspiration on Pinterest and Instargam.
Dialogue: Charlie: simple question, where can i find some dark chocolate?
Laurie: sorry but no idea
Laurie: i found some at Simply , have u been there?
Charlie: yes, i must be blind
Laurie: no.... i only found it yesterday. I assume there wasn't before.
Charlie: and i found an other brand today at tesco.
Charlie: <file_photo>
Charlie: i don't know if it's good, but  i'll try tonight with profiterolles
Laurie: wait for me.....could you give me the adress of tesco?
Charlie: <file_other>
Laurie: thanks, i will complete with Lidl near by
Charlie: Is it  a big one?
Laurie: not so big, but there is some nice products, that i don't find anywhere else
Charlie: will you give me a lift some days?
Laurie: ok ! i'll go there every friday morning after school
Charlie: i'll come next week
Laurie: why not tomorrow?
Charlie: i'm spending the week end in London with some friends
Laurie: so lucky...
Laurie: could i ask you to bring me some digestive and marmelade? 
Charlie: of course tell me me how many you want
Laurie: just one of each
Charlie: no problem
Laurie: you're so kind, thanks a lot
Summary: Charlie wants to buy some dark chocolate. He should look at Simply. Next Friday Laurie will give him a lift to Lidl, where she finds products she can't find anywhere else. He's spending this weekend in London with some friends. He'll bring Laurie some digestive and marmelade — one of each.
Dialogue: Juliet: Hey. I can't come today for the class. We can meet one day and practice our song
Eva: Yes, don't worry, I won't come too
Juliet: Hahah. Ok
Summary: Neither Juliet nor Eva will come today for the class. They can meet some other day to practice their song.
Dialogue: Jamie: what do we have to prepare for our biology classes?
Oliver: we have to make an experiment?
Jamie: what kind of experiment?
Oliver: just an experiment
Jamie: at the classes or at home?
Oliver: at home
Oliver: you can for example take care of plant and compare it with one without sun and water
Jamie: but it takes time to see the difference
Jamie: and the classes are tomorrow
Oliver: so you can explode something
Jamie: like what?
Oliver: you know, this trick with cola and mentos
Jamie: what's that?
Oliver: look at the youtube
Jamie: it seems dangerous
Oliver: it's not, but it's dirty
Jamie: i need something else
Oliver: i have no other ideas
Jamie: ok, i will ask my sister if she had something like this last year
Summary: Oliver and Jamie have to conduct an experiment of their choice as homework for the biology class tomorrow. Jamie will ask his sister for advice.
Dialogue: Jax: i know this book is meant to be powerful or whatever but i really bloody hate it. do your super brainy thng and tell me what i'm missing pleease
Ruby: Omg no hard same, I hate it. I always find it hard to connect with a book if the protagonists are literal garbage, and Heathcliff is the worst.
Jax: before i read it I thought it was a romace novel but now i see that i was horribly deceived
Jax: heathcliff needs to meet my mum. my mum would kick his arse
Ruby: And how many narrators does one book need?
Jax: and why is the narrator narrating the narrator?
Ruby: I DON'T KNOW but it's the most irritating narrative structure I've ever read.
Jax: and wtf is up with catherine always locking herself in her room and making herself ill when she doesn't get her way? kids are mre mature than that. i am more mature than that
Ruby: It really pisses me off that Heathcliff abuses Isabella, but even in this day and age we're supposed to believe he's a Byronic hero, like, okay, sure, let's side-sweep the abuse because he's tragic or whatever.
Jax: i wasn't aware that it was okay to abuse women if you could pull of standing around the moors but i guess heathcliff has paved the way
Ruby: LMFAO
Jax: the woman i love is dead. should i kidnap her daughter? i guess it's fine because i look really spiffing in breeches and a cravat
Ruby: The thought of you in breeches and a cravat is hilarious.
Jax: you mean HANDSOME and also  OVERWHELMINGLY HANDSOME
Ruby: And the caps finally make an appearence.
Jax: weirdly i used to date an isabella
Ruby: You did?
Jax: yeah for like two years
Ruby: You did?
Jax: yeah for like 2 years
Ruby: Wow. I've never dated anyone for that long.
Jax: how long have you been with your boyfriend?
Ruby: Oh. Just over a year I suppose.
Jax: you suppose?
Ruby: Things with him have been sort of shit for a while so I don't really like thinking about it.
Jax: oh
Jax: i'm sorry, i didn't realise
Ruby: I'm at his flat now. His mates are here. He didn't tell me they'd be watching football so I'm sitting here with nothing to do.
Ruby: TBH I don't even know why I'm here because one of the guys who came over once tried to grope me and I've felt really uncomfortable around him ever since.
Jax: wtf that's awful - did you tell your boyfriend about it
Summary: Jax and Ruby don't like neither the narration nor the characters in the book. Ruby's at her boyfriend's flat. She hasn't been getting on well with him for a while. 
Dialogue: John: Boys, anyone free to go 134 Road Street to check?
John: The alarm went off
Greg: Sorry, busy in Brixton
Peter: Ok, on my way boss
John: thnx
Summary: The alarm went off. Peter will go to 134 Road Street to check it.
Dialogue: John: GUESS WHAT
Frank: hmm?
John: I'm getting a dog!
Frank: whoa, you're parents gave in???
John: yeah!!!
John: I honestly thought they never would
John: especially mum said no way, that she knew who'd end up having to take care of everything
John: but I promised I'd arrange it so I could go on walks during lunch and so on
Frank: wow, congratulations, man
Frank: you've always told me that you'd like to have one and the day has finally come!
John: I'm honestly SO happy
Frank: are you adopting or getting a purebred?
John: dad keeps telling me to get one from a breeder, but I really think it's better to adopt
John: I mean those little guys just get killed if they aren't adopted...
John: and I don't have any particular breed in mind anyway
John: I just know I'd like a larger one
Frank: I was about to ask you that, haha
Frank: can't picture you with a chihuahua
John: well, I guess I'll see at the shelter, who knows
John: I might just fall in love with a tiny dog
Frank: will your parents be going with you to choose one?
Frank: I was a little reluctant about this at first but I guess since we live together, it seems only fair that they have a say in that
John: I hope they won't be making any more problems, then
Frank: me too... I really hope so
Summary: John's parents finally let him have a dog. John prefers to adopt one. He will go to a shelter with parents.
Dialogue: Tom: Hey, you coming or not?
Bob: What? I'm standing downstairs waiting for you :/
Tom: No, you're not...
Bob: Dude, I am. Freezing my ass off at that
Tom: What was the number again?
Bob: 12
Tom: Fk, I'm at 22, sorry. Be right there ;)
Bob: Lol :) Just harry up, i'm turning into an icicle here :)
Summary: Bob has been waiting for Tom in the cold at number 12 but Tom went to 22 by mistake.
Dialogue: Frank: I have no idea what to give Marie for her 18th b-day
Frank: lookin' for some suggestions, can you help?
Barbara: oh My... it's hard to say tbh
Barbara: but you know what, I can help you if you want
Barbara: let's go to the mall together and I'm sure we'll find sth cool and practical :)
Barbara: how about that?
Frank: could you really be that awesome??
Barbara: haha :D sure, I'll try to find sth nice for her too
Barbara: It seems that we're going to the same party :D
Frank: say whaaaat?? R u serious? :D
Barbara: yeah, didn't know that you were invited too!
Frank: that's a nice coincidence, let's go to the mall!
Summary: Frank doesn't know what to buy Marie for her 18th birthday. Barbara will go to the mall with him and help him choose the present. They are going on a birthday party together.
Dialogue: Sabrina: Hi, how are you???!!!
Jax: Still drop-dead gorgeous!
Sabrina: Thought so, you seeing anyone lately?
Jax: Nah, there was this one guy at the bar, had a bit of a thing you know, just casual!
Sabrina: Friend with benefits, eh? Yeah, I've got a couple like that, guy from work and then there's Gerri from the gym.
Jax: Wow! Didn't know you were into girls! Kept that one quiet.
Sabrina: Yeah, kind of snuck up on me, first time sort of thing. We are actually having a great time together.
Jax: What about the man in the picture, who's he?
Sabrina: My boss, Ian, actually! He's 46!
Jax: Another oldie, married I suppose?
Sabrina: Oh no, not this time, he's divorced with 3 teenage kids.
Jax: You met them yet?
Sabrina: No fear! I'm staying well away from any happy families malarkey!
Jax: Don't blame you! What about the mystery woman Gerri From The Gym?
Sabrina: She is so cool, 27, so more or less our age, she's a conceptual artist, works in clay, found objects etc, lots of different media.
Jax: You're certainly clued up on the artistic lingo already! 
Sabrina: Well, I find it interesting. She's got a show on in the Arts Centre in town next weekend, you fancy coming?
Jax: Yes, it sounds great, we haven't had a chat in person for ages! Will you be monopolised by the artistic community?
Sabrina: No, but Gerri will, we can sit down for a while with a glass of Prosecco, I'm sure.
Jax: Love to, see you next week, text you with the details.
Sabrina: Bye darling!
Summary: Jax will join Sabrina at Gerri's show at the Arts Centre next weekend. Gerri is one of Sabrina's lovers.

Dialogue: Nathan: Where's John today?
Fiona: At the river.
Nathan: What's he doing there?
Fiona: He's fishing.
Nathan: I didn't know he liked fishing. Does he go often?
Fiona: Oh, he goes about five times a week. I'm always alone.
Nathan: Why don't you go with him?
Fiona: I'm not interested in fishing.
Nathan: I haven't gone fishing in a while.
Fiona: Maybe you can go with John one of these days.
Nathan: Do you think he would be open to that?
Fiona: Of course! He's always looking for some company.
Nathan: I'll give him a call one of these days then.
Summary: John and Fiona are at the river. Fiona is always by herself as Nathan is consistently fishing. Nathan has not been fishing in a while. Fiona suggests Nathan to go with John one of these days as John always looks for some company. Nathan will give John a call about going fishing some day. 
Dialogue: Eve: Do you have a hairdryer?
Victoria: I do ;)
Victoria: What's your room number?
Eve: 8, second floor
Eve: thnx xx
Summary: Eve wonders if Victoria has a hairdryer. 
Dialogue: Carol: Good morning Luisa! Just to share my mobile number with you.
Luisa: Hi Carol, many thx!
Carol: And to wish you a nice Saturday morning!
Luisa: So nice of you. Sorry I missed your call.
Carol: No problem. 
Luisa: I mean we have to sort it out about your parking space.
Carol: Nothing urgent. We'll catch on it later :)
Luisa: We are going to the shops quickly.
Carol: To the mall on A5?
Luisa: No. The one closer to us. On Park Avenue.
Carol: It there a shoe shop?
Luisa: Oh yes. They even have Clarks!
Carol: Do you think you could take me along? I have to get a new pair of flip flops.
Luisa: Most certainly. You can get flip flops even at the Tops supermarket in the mall. They have better prices ;)
Carol: That's good! How much time have I got?
Luisa: We'll be leaving in ten mins or so.
Carol: Super! Will you be passing a bottle bank?
Luisa: I'm afraid not. But you can put your empties in the garage. Bill regularly goes to the glass bank and it's the same to him a few bottles more.
Carol: That's awfully kind of you!
Luisa: YW!
Luisa: Aa! I can see Bill driving the car out. I'll tell him you'll be joining us.
Carol: You sure it's no problem?
Luisa: Not at all! We'll be waiting outside.
Carol: Thx!
Summary: Luisa will do the shopping with her husband on Park Avenue. Carol is joining them, because he needs to buy flip flops.
Dialogue: Kate: Mom, you there?
Carol: Yeah, honey, what's up?
Kate: Where's dinner?
Carol: There's no dinner, I didn't have time, just order what you want, money is on the counter
Kate: Dope! thanks mom
Summary: Kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner, so she left her money on the counter to order something.
Dialogue: Hailee: Hello walker. Where were you during class time?
Walker: I was not feeling well. I had to go to the hospital.
Hailee: Sorry about that. Hope you get well soon
Walker: Thanks.
Summary: Walker was in hospital during class time.
Dialogue: Jessica: Are you in bed already?
Oscar: Kind of, I am working in bed.
Jessica: ok, cool, I wanted to ask you about the task we got from Pieter.
Oscar: What about it? It's quite simple.
Jessica: How long should it be?
Oscar: No more than 2500 words.
Jessica: Who knows how much it is?
Oscar: You can even ask google. It's about 5 pages, I think.
Jessica: Should it be a summary or more like an interpretation of the book?
Oscar: I think it is supposed to be rather creative, no need to repeat what was written in the book.
Jessica: Gosh, it's pain in the ass this thing.
Oscar: No, it's not difficult, I think one afternoon of work.
Jessica: I will do it for a week at least.
Oscar: Do not pay too much attention to it, it's a minor task, really.
Jessica: Thanks, Oscar! I'll start doing it now :( 
Summary: Jessica and Oscar have to write a book analysis for Pieter. The assignment should not exceed 2500 words. Creativity is encouraged.
Dialogue: Paul: Hope you bought the movie I sent you.
Lee: Not yet.
Lee: But I am headed there right now.
Paul: Okay. Tell me when you have it
Lee: 👌
Summary: Paul has sent Lee a movie. Lee is going to buy it now and inform Paul. 
Dialogue: Otto: Hey, should I wait at the reception desk in case someone doesn’t know where room 456 is?
Vincent: Yeah, that’s a good idea
Jodie: Splendid idea
Otto: Cool. See you guys at 10
Jodie: xx
Summary: Otto will wait at the reception desk to show the way to room 456. He'll meet Jodie and Vincent at 10.
Dialogue: Greg: did you see the doc?
Emily: yeah 
Greg: what did he say?
Emily: it's nothing to worry about
Emily: but they want to run some test 
Greg: ok thank god, keep me posted
Summary: Emily went to a doctor and will have some test done.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you seen the last Superman?
Gina: The Universe?
Anna: Yeah
Gina: Not yet, but I'd love to :)
Anna: Is Wednesday ok?
Gina: Wednesday after 5 sounds all right
Summary: Gina and Anna will see the last Superman, The Universe, after 5 on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Basil: Cecily, here's the interview we gave on the street two days ago xD <file_video>
Cecily: XDDD
Ian: You people are famous :O
Cecily: I can't believe they've actually put that on tv :D
Basil: sorry, Ian, honey, but you're talking to celebs now, know your place :P
Ian: I'll just go and make space for your new Hollywood friends :P
Summary: Basil and Cecily were interviewed on the street two days ago.
Dialogue: Audrey: check your messenger ;)
Kevwe: we're heading out, give us 30 mins
Audrey: OK
Audrey: ring me when u there
Kevwe: okay
Summary: Kevwe will ring Audrey when they are there, in about 30 minutes. 
Dialogue: Jessica: What is your favourite movie?
Oscar: I love von Trier
Brian: I like him as well, but he's not the best
Joe: speaking of, have you seen his new movie?
Brian: he has a new movie?
Oscar: Nymphomaniac?
Joe: lol, this is super old
Joe: like 5 years ago
Joe: he has just made a kind of a thriller
Oscar: what's the title?
Joe: The house that Jack built
Oscar: good?
Joe: very! but bloody
Summary: Oscar likes movies by von Trier. His latest movie is a thriller, 'The house that Jack built'.
Dialogue: Annie: Miraaaaaaaa where are you
Mira: fuck it fuckers fuck fuck fuckin subway
Annie: xD
Mira: they closed the central station again so I had to run for the bus
Mira: now I'm stuck in traffic
Annie: the worst
Mira: so I think I'l be half an hour late
Annie: Ok don't worry I saved you a seat
Mira: thanks :*
Annie: at the front, right in the middle
Mira: ...
Annie: next to Sam who picks his nose
Mira: haha you evil person
Annie: yeah we are at the back like the cool highschool girls that we still are deep inside
Mira: <3
Mira: that warms my heart
Annie: okay I'm taking notes and waiting
Mira: see you in a bit!
Annie: :*
Summary: Mira is running half an hour late for a class because the central metro station is closed. Annie save her a seat.
Dialogue: Judy: I'm in front Jason's house
Judy: Which apartment is his?
Heather: Number 7
Lola: We are all already here!
Summary: Heather and Lola are waiting for Judy at Jason's apartment no 7.
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: Look, I went shopping! :D
Christian: what? Again?
Christian: you're an addict, this is sick
Jackie: but this table was so beautiful!
Jackie: it wasn't that expensive
Christian: you spend to much money, it's not normal
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: last month you bought this ridiculous armchair
Jackie: you just don't know what is good
Jackie: it's famous Danish design!
Christian: I don't care if it's Danish or Chinese
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: we're gonna talk about it when I get back home
Summary: Jackie bought a table and last month an armchair. Jackie and Christian will have a talk when he gets back home. 
Dialogue: Reese: have you been on facebook lately?
Nora: not really
Nora: why do you ask?
Reese: michael keeps posting these political comments
Reese: and they are just crazy, some of the almost hateful
Nora: that doesn't sound like michael
Reese: i know!!!
Reese: i'm getting sick of it and i was wondering if i should unfriend him
Reese: i want your advice
Nora: is it relly that bad?
Reese: it is, he'll just pick up fights with random people in the comments section 
Reese: and his status updates are almost erratic
Nora: you're in a tough position
Nora: you've known the man since you were children and you've always been close
Reese: and we share great memories!!!
Reese: but this is not the michael I know
Nora: would you consider this is personally affecting your life?
Reese: i wouldn't go that far, but i'm amazed by his erratic behaviour
Nora: if it's not affecting you personally, then maybe you should not unfriend him
Nora: maybe he's just going through a politicate active phase and it'll go away
Reese: you're right you're right
Reese: he tends to get passionate about things and then abandon them
Nora: YES! he has done that before
Nora: as i said, don't unfriend him and just wait for him to cool down
Reese: thanks for your advice!!
Summary: Michael publishes on Facebook terrible political comments and fights with people in comments. Reese has known him since they were little. She will not unfriend him, following Nora's advice.
Dialogue: Annie: Are you going to be at school?
Christine: Not tomorrow. I am not well.
Annie: Oh noes! What happened?
Christine: Got the flu, I think.
Annie: what's your temperature?
Christine: Not high, I'm not running a fever or anything
Annie: Are you eating ok?
Christine: Yeah. Just blocked nose, sore throat. Tired.
Annie: Sounds like you've got a cold. You need anything?
Christine: I could do with some Theraflu.
Annie: OK, I think we've still got some sachets, should be in date. I'll drop them through your letterbox later on.
Christine: Yeah. Don't call in because I'll feel bad if you catch this cold off me.
Annie: I think I probably had it already, but you might be sleeping.
Christine: If the light in my room is on, call if you want.
Summary: Christine is not going to school tomorrow as she's sick with the flu or a cold. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Dialogue: Calleigh: Dad, we've run out of toilet paper...
Evan: Didn't mum tell you to buy some on your way home?
Calleigh: No, she didn't!
Calleigh: Oh wait.. no... she did... uhhh I forgot
Calleigh: Can you do that for me? Pretty please
Evan: Sure, but I won't be home until 8
Summary: Calleigh forgot to buy toilet paper at his mother's request. Evan will do it for him.
Dialogue: Kate: did you watch the ski jumping this weekend?
Dennis: no :)
Will: yup
Will: that Kobayashi guy, man, he's good
Kate: he will win the cup no doubt
Will: looks like it
Dennis: he's the best this season
Dennis: and he's only 22
Summary: Kate and Will watched the ski jumping this weekend. Dennis didn't. Kobayashi, a 22-year-old guy will win the cup.
Dialogue: Ella: <file_video>
Chloe: <3 <3 <3
Phoebe: omg he's so cute <3
Chloe: the cutest!
Phoebe: yes!
Ella: :D
Summary: Ella sent Chloe and Phoebe a video of a man. He is cute.
Dialogue: Jennie: Hi sweetie, have you got up yet? 
Thomas: No, still in bed.
Jennie: Then get up and see what I left you in the kitchen ;) 
Thomas: Sounds like a good motivation! 
Summary: Thomas did not get up yet. Jennie left something for Thomas in the kitchen .
Dialogue: Audrey: call me
Audrey: there's a weird guy who's constantly talking to me although i don't respond
Audrey: i tried to ditch him but in vain
Emma: ok
Summary: A weird guy keeps talking to Audrey, although she doesn't respond. Emma will call her to help. 
Dialogue: Albert: hi everybody! we're meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am
Albert: please don't be late!
Owen: sooo early :O
Frederick: hi albert! ok, thanks for the info!
Owen: i'll try :D
Albert: owen... ;)
Caleb: hey, cool, i'll be there
Finlay: hey, hey
Finlay: i'm not sure atm if i'll be able to come ;/
Finlay: been feeling a bit sick since yesterday :(
Frederick: noo you have to come!
Caleb: yeah :O
Caleb: it's not gonna be the same without you, come on finlay!
Finlay: heh, i know, i'll let you know tomorrow morning i guess...
Albert: oh! fingers crossed!
Frederick: let us pray!
Caleb: :D
Finlay: :D
Summary: Albert, Owen, Frederick and Caleb are meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am. Finlay isn't sure if he can come as he's been feeling a bit sick since yesterday. 
Dialogue: Jessica: Omg omg! You are not gonna believe this!
Mariah: What?? what happened?
Jessica: Brad and Ashley broke up, he's single again!
Mariah: OMG I can't believe that, girl come to my place noooow we have to talk about this.
Jessica: Be there in 10.
Summary: Brad and Ashley broke up. Mariah and Jessica are excited to gossip about it. They'll meet in 10 minutes, at Mariah's place.
Dialogue: Mandy: new academic year is coming!
Mandy: can't wait to see you guys!
Troy: hey, how was your holiday?
Mandy: 2 months in Brazil, amazing place
Nate: hey, I missed ya
Mandy: :*
Troy: I wonder about curriculum
Nate: ya, last one sucked
Mandy: They should pay more attention to our remarks
Nate: maybe they will improve that
Troy: that would be great
Mandy: it cannot be worse than last year
Nate: haha true
Summary: A new academic year is coming. Mandy spent her holiday in Brazil.
Dialogue: Helen: Hiya
Helen: Did Oliver get one of those award things yesterday?
Stacey: I don't think so, what are they?
Helen: Im not sure, I think they are called attendance awards or something
Stacey: oh yeah, Lindsay mentioned those, they are for kids who had 100% attendance this term. 
Stacey: Oliver didn't get one cause he has had a chest infection a little while back. 
Stacey: Has Kelsey not got one?
Helen: No she didn't, she has been poorly for a few days though. So the kids get awards if they haven't been sick?
Stacey: I guess so, sounds strange doesn't it?
Helen: I think so, they can't help it can they. School even tells us to keep them home when they are unwell. 
Helen: not very nice if you miss out on an award just because you have been ill 
Stacey: I guess they are trying to get attendance levels up by rewarding kids with awards
Helen: surely you'd want to address that with the parents though? Now you make the kid responsible for something they cant influence! 
Stacey: yeah and now the problem kids feel even more of a failure by not getting an award!
Helen: I don't think I like this very much, shall we have a word with the teacher? 
Stacey: I think you might have to go to the head straight away. Doesn't sound like something Mrs Bell has come up with...
Helen: Cool Are you coming?
Stacey: Sure. Let's check with Linds as well, she might wanna come.
Helen: yeah cool, see you tomorrow
Stacey: see you in the morning! 
Summary: Kids who were present every day during this term have been awarded. Stacey's and Helen's kids did not receive any because they were sick. Stacy and Helen think the idea is strange and will intervene at school, so they would stop awarding kids randomly.
Dialogue: Greta: <file_photo>
Greta: it was the last time I bought sth online
Hillary: lol
Hillary: is that a tent?
Greta: it was supposed to be number 8
Hillary: maybe it was an infinity symbol
Greta: lol
Hillary: but you can return it, right?
Greta: I think so
Greta: but you know it eats your time
Greta: I'll have to go shopping
Hillary: go out...
Greta: exactly
Hillary: I can heroically go with you
Greta: PLEASE
Hillary: I assume you want dark trousers number 8 
Greta: I want to buy monochromatic, dark trousers with wool
Hillary: nice
Greta: I need sth for winter
Hillary: how much are you willing to spend?
Greta: I want to pay less than 30 $
Hillary: ok
Greta: I really need them :c
Hillary: is Wednesday ok for you?
Greta: I'm free after work
Hillary: ok so Wednesday it is
Summary: Hillary and Greta will go shopping for monochromatic, dark trousers with wool size 8 for Greta. They will go on Wednesday after work. 
Dialogue: Jason: Hey Mila, where are you in the world now? 
Mila: Yea I'm still alive lol barely surviving ubc
Jason: Are you in business? 
Mila: No way!! I'm not Clarisa! lol I am studying food and nutrition 
Jason: Wow I am glad you chose that program 
Mila: Why? 
Jason: I have friends in nutrition. It's not typical Asian major like Econ or Business haha
Mila: that's right! and I'm not good enough to enter those faculty...
Jason: You party a lot? Do you live in residence? ☺️ 
Mila: no no no I am still underage. Just renting an apartment. Not living in res
Jason: With Brody? ☺️ 
Mila: Haha no, we don't get along anymore but we're good acquaintances 
Jason: U like UBC? 
Mila: It's a little bit stressful. I assume, just like any other universities
Jason: UBC is big. I am sure you'll be fine 
Mila: Are you coming to visit? 
Jason: I will be in Vancouver in February 
Mila: Let me know when you're here. 
Mila: We gotta meet up! ☺️ 
Jason: I might stop by Kelowna but I should in in Van like the first week of February
Mila: I am sure I'll be here in feb 
Jason: Good luck on your studies and I hope to see ya. 
Mila: Yea np. ttyl xd 
Summary: Mila is studying Food and Nutrition at UBC and renting an apartment. Mila doesn't live with Brody but they still keep in touch. She finds UBC stressful. Jason will visit Mila in Vancouver during the first week of February. 
Dialogue: Blake: are u free friday night?
Blake: there is this concert
Blake: maybe u wanna come?
Marcia: which concert?
Blake: Phedora
Marcia: oh, I love them <3
Marcia: ofc I'll go
Blake: great :)
Summary: Marcia and Blake will go to Phedora's concert on Friday night.
Dialogue: Macy: when is the deadline for our project?
Macy: next monday or thursday
Sloane: next monday :)
Macy: oh shit, i better start working faster
Veronica: yeah, monday - please make sure you have your part ready
Veronica: Monica will be mad if we don't deliver it on time
Summary: The deadline for the project is next Monday. Monica will be angry if Veronica, Macy and Sloane don't meet the deadline. 
Dialogue: Justin: have you heard about that happened in Wide St?
Pete: no?
Grace: oh, yeah ;/ there was an accident, Pete
Justin: exactly. 2 people dead :/
Pete: shit, that's why the traffic jams?
Grace: probably. didn't even know there were jams
Summary: Two people died in an accident on Wide Street.
Dialogue: Sara: Is anyone home?
Tina: Nope, out with workmates, what's up?
Martha: I am, you all right hun?
Sara: Uhm, could you please bring me something to Jessie's?
Martha: We're watching a film with Sylvia and John.
Sara: This is important.
Tina: Sara, what's wrong?
Sara: This is wrong.
Sara: <file_photo>
Tina: Oh my fucking god what happened?!
Martha: :o
Sara: That bitch Ursula happened.
Tina: OMG, is that red wine? That's low.
Martha: Where are you right now?
Sara: Jessie's bathroom. Could you please bring me another dress? I can't show myself like this.
Tina: Bet you can't, you look like Carrie.
Sara: Thanks Tina, really supportive. Martha? Dress? The red one?
Martha: Uhm, all right, be there in 15 minutes.
Summary: Sara is in Jessie's bathroom because Ursula spilt red wine on her. Sara needs someone to bring her another dress. Martha is watching a movie with Sylvia and John but she will bring her a red dress in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Shelley: Yeah, maybe as an ingredient in strongly flavored recipes. But nauseating on its own. 
Shelley: Nobody will eat those macarons.
Guy: I would pity anyone trying to eat the French President.
Elma: Shelley, I've had meringues made with it - they were delicious...really light and crisp.
Elma:  Honestly you would never know they weren't made from egg.
Shelley: I could tell!!!
Vicki: Shelley, certainly do eat them, with relish. Many people find the taste of egg white nauseating.
Chris: Have you actually tried them or is it just an imagined taste? Or maybe you can't make the connection between the liquid from a pulses' tin? Couldn't make it from pure eggwhites either.
Shelley: Yes, I've tried them. 
Shelley: The flavor is ... not appetizing. To me. 
Shelley: YMMV.
Summary: Shelley finds the taste of an egg substitute nauseating. Elma has made meringues with it and they were delicious. Chis reckons is it just an imagined taste.
Dialogue: Julia: Hey, what time are you going to be home?
Robert: There's a lot of traffic, so probably in like 45 minutes. 
Julia: Ok. Drive safe. See you soon. 😘
Summary: Robert informs Julia that he'll be home in about 45 minutes.
Dialogue: Edna: Hi! I'm trying to get in touch with all the classmates, but I don't have the number to John, Maxine and Kim. U know what's going on with them?
Melvin: Yeah, I do. Kim got married and moved to another state. Afa I've heard she works in a bank.
Edna: And John and Maxine?
Melvin: John... Well, Idk how to break this to you, but he died in a car accident last month. His funeral was 2 wks ago.
Edna: I'm so sorry to hear that. How are you holding up? U guys were close, right?
Melvin: Yeah. Best of friends. I'll manage but still hurts.
Edna: I'm really sorry. And what about Maxine?
Melvin: She's still around. I think she dropped out of college and devoted herself to saving animals or something.
Edna: Gr8! Do you have her number?
Melvin: Sure. I'm sending you her contact details <file_other>
Edna: Thanks!
Melvin: No probs.
Summary: Edna wants to get in touch with John, Maxine and Kim. Kim got married and moved to another state. John died in a car accident. Maxine is still around and Melvin has her number.
