Dialogue: Nichola: <file_video>
Nichola: It's so much fun
Nichola: Wish you were here 😭
Gertie: Awesome 😍
Gertie: I'm pretty sure they will organize another Funky Disco party soon 😀
Nichola: Next time they organize it there will be no excuses!
Gertie: You know I wanted to go, but I had to stay with my grands
Nichola: I know, I didn't mean to blame you
Nichola: I really enjoyed it
Gertie: You went with Billie?
Nichola: Billie, Tracy and Greg
Gertie: So cool! I'll join you next time 😀
Nichola: Better start practicing dance moves haha
Gertie: I will be the queen of the dancefloor
Gertie: <file_gif>
Summary: Nichola, Billie, Tracy, and Greg are at a Funky Disco party. Gertie couldn't join because she has to take care of her grandparents.
Dialogue: Doug: Have you seen Jim's latest post?
Luke: Yes... unfortunately.
Doug: Hell, I know one can dislike a politician, but to be so happy about someone's death... creepy.
Luke: Yeah, that's what I thought.
Doug: Julia says that it's ok because we have freedom of speech.
Luke: Freedom of hate speech?
Doug: Indeed.
Luke: I think Facebook is doing strange things to people's heads.
Doug: I know... damn, life was simpler when we didn't have all this technological crap around us all the time.
Luke: Hell, I'd be so happy to be a teenager again.
Doug: Yeah, same here.
Luke: We're old complaining wankers, you know that, right?
Doug: Yeah... lol.
Summary: Doug and Luke are appalled by Jim's Facebook post in which he is happy about a politician's death. They are remembering the good old times.
Dialogue: Roberta: How is your new job?
Ted: Quite good, I'm learning lots of things. Analytics is always interesting :)
Roberta: Do they pay well?
Ted: All depends on your needs. I must say that the salary above the avarage really satisfies me :)
Roberta: I'm happy for you :)
Ted: Thanks, how about your job?
Roberta: Well, I'm thinking of changing my job...
Summary: Ted is satisfied with his new job in analytics. Roberta thinks about changing hers.
Dialogue: Greg: Hi Mom. How are you?
Linda: Hello. How are you?
Greg: Could you possibly do the babysitting today? It's an emergency...
Linda: Is everything ok?
Greg: Yes and no. Both of us have to deal with some urgent matters at work and we are in trouble now.
Linda: Ok. All take care of him.
Greg: You're a wonder! Thank you a thousand times!
Linda: Shall I help you at home anyhow? Shopping, dinner, ironing...
Greg: No, thanks. Just Johnny.
Linda: My pleasure.
Greg: I know I should have let you know earlier. It's kind of unexpected. 
Linda: That's ok. I understand. I'll take care of everything. Don't worry.
Summary: Linda, Greg's mother, will babysit Johnny today because Greg has to work.
Dialogue: Amanda: Is anybody in New York these days?
Lori: I'm in Vancouver :(
Jane: I am in town!
Amanda: wanna meet? I am coming from Boston tomorrow
Jane: Sure, I'm going to an exhibition in Moma
Jane: wanna join?
Amanda: great idea! How much is the entrance, you know I'm unemployed now :(
Jane: I think Friday evening it's free!
Amanda: perfect!
Jane: then we can have some coffee or even clubbing if you prefer
Amanda: I would love to have the donuts we had last time
Jane: No problem! That's even close to my place
Lori: girls, this conversation makes me so envious!
Jane: ahaha, you're in Vancouver, allegedly one of the most amazing cities in the world
Jane: Behave girl!
Amanda: 😂
Summary: Amanda's coming from Boston tomorrow. She and Jane will go to Moma and have donuts. Lori can't join them, because she's in Vancouver.
Dialogue: Jenny: Hi, this is Jenny, I'm Patricia's mum.
Dan: Hi, Jenny!
Jenny: Have you attended the PTA meeting this week?
Dan: Yes, it was a looong one.
Jenny: Good, could you share some info with me? I am completely out of the loop when it comes to the exams and the planned school trips.
Dan: Sure, no problem. They scheduled midterms for the second week of January.
Jenny: So just before the winter break?
Dan: Exactly.
Jenny: Do they have clasess during the midterms?
Dan: No, we are supposed to drop the kids off at 11am and pick them up afterwarda at around 2pm.
Jenny: Seriously?
Dan: I know, how can they expect working parents to pull this off, right?
Jenny: I have already used my kid card at work way to many times. Bob is busy too. It's granny time again, I guess.
Dan: Same for us. I think we should discuss this during the next PTA meeting.
Jenny: Of course, we are paying for this school not only to educate but to take care of our kids when we are working.
Dan: True! And there is only one school trip ahead of us - they are going to the science museum.
Jenny: Do they need volunteers?
Dan: Fortunately, three parents already signed in for the job.
Jenny: I bet it's Jim and Melinda.
Dan: Who else?
Summary: Dan attended the PTA meeting this week. Jenny needs some information, because she wasn't there. School scheduled midterms for the second week of January. There won't be classes during the midterms. Dan and Jenny are frustrated, because they won't be able to pick up their children.
Dialogue: Ashley: Welcome, @Hannah!
Ashley: <file_gif>
Hannah: <file_gif>
Sophia: <file_gif>
Ben: hi Hannaaah! 
Julie: <file_gif>
Summary: Hannah joined the conversation with Ashley, Sophia, Ben and Julie.
Dialogue: Ann: Do you know where Martha bought this green dress?
Mary: I think that in Reserved
Ann: OK, thx!
Summary: Martha bought a green dress in Reserved.
Dialogue: Ralph: I've got a problem, Ted.
Ted: No kidding! So, what's new?
Ralph: You're so fucking funny, Ted.
Ralph: Must be hard being so funny.
Ted: Got to live with that:(
Ted: So, what's the problem?
Ralph: It's this bloody printer again.
Ralph: I think it doesn't like me.
Ted: It might be so, I'm afraid.
Ralph: Come on.
Ted: OK. What did you do?
Ralph: Nothing unusual. Just trying to print a few pages.
Ted: From your desk PC or somewhere else?
Ralph: Form my comp.
Ted: And what happens?
Ralph: When I click print nothing happens.
Ted: Do you get any message on your screen.
Ralph: Yeah, I do. It's: Printer not installed.
Ted: Which printer did you choose?
Ralph: What do you mean choose? Just clicked: Print.
Ted: Give me 5 minutes. I'll come over.
Summary: Ralph has a problem with the printer. Ted will come over to him in 5 minutes to help.
Dialogue: Rudy: 7 yrs! Time to reactivate the group :)
Gary: 7 yrs :O
May: reunion time!
Paula: defo! Berlin?
Gary: a bit far from me from Chicago :)
May: China here!
Paula: China? I didn't even know you were there. What a terrible friend I am :(
May: Yeah, I've been here since Jan, I'm teaching 800 chinese kids, all sort of crazy going on
Gary: That is so impressive! Do yyou like it there?
May: First 3 months were super tough, huge culture shock, I'm slowly getting used to it now. Planning to stay 2 more yrs
Summary: Rudy, Gary, May and Paula haven't seen each other in 7 years. Paula is in Berlin, Gary in Chicago, and May works as a teacher in China. She's planning to stay there for 2 more years.
Dialogue: Loretta: Did you call me?
Loretta: Hello??
Amy: What? when?
Loretta: Just now
Loretta: I've got a missed call from you on messenger
Amy: No, I didn't!
Amy: Must have been a buttcall or something, sorry :D
Amy: <file_gif>
Loretta: haha, ok, no worries
Summary: Loretta got a missed call from Amy on messenger, but Amy didn't call her. 
Dialogue: Timmy: Bt aren't the guest lists like closed already?
Gemma: The guest list is never closed :) 
Timmy: Y?
Gemma: Believe me! I'm a girl and I know such things!
Timmy: Ah, so that's secret girl knowledge?
Gemma: Betcha!
Summary: Guest list is never closed. Gemma knows that because she is a girl.
Dialogue: Winston: breaking bad!
Clifford: not again!
Madeline: why? i like that too
Clifford: yeah, me too, but he's seen it how many times?
Winston: the first season like 10 times, the whole series, 3 times
Summary: Winston insists on watching "Breaking Bad" again but Clifford is against it.
Dialogue: Jessica: I heard you got caught during the exam.
Gareth: ya... that sucks
Jessica: I told you, don't mess with her.
Gareth: cmon, it was impossible to learn everything
Jessica: at least you could have tried
Gareth: no, I had a shift yesterday
Jessica: but you knew about the exam from the beginning.
Gareth: you're not helping...
Summary: Gareth got caught cheating in the exam.
Dialogue: Mat: he doesn't answer. Shall i go?
Chris: yes give a try
Mat: ok but i'll have to wait 20 minutes...
Chris: doesn't matter. it would be done. Work on your presentation
Mat: i don't have it with me... bad  luck
Summary: Mat hasn't his presentation with him.
Dialogue: Matt: I have to leave before 10, I'm working tomorrow and I cannot drink anyway
Luke: would you give me a lift home?
Joe: Stay a bit longer, so we could leave together
Matt: no, sorry, I'm very tired
Matt: we'll postpone it till doomsday, I know it already, it's always like this
Joe: c'mon, it's Sat tomorrow
Matt: but I work on Saturday unlike you
Matt: so I'm leaving in 15 minutes
Matt: and of course Luke, you can go with me
Matt: sorry, I didn't notice the message
Luke: haha, ok, I though you really didn't want to go through my neighbourhood 
Matt: we wouldn't I?
Luke: you know, the gangs, etc.
Matt: I grew up nearby, I know most of them, won't touch me
Summary: Matt works tomorrow, so he can't stay any longer. He will give Luke a lift home. Luke lives in a dangerous neighbourhood but Matt grew up there and is not afraid to go there. 
Dialogue: Billy: You free 2nite?
Pete: Sure, wanna hang?
Billy: Maybe hit some clubs?
Pete: That's lit!
Summary: Billy and Pete are going to hit some clubs tonight. 
Dialogue: Andrew: Hi John! Victoria and I are heading to Costa Rica in February for 2 weeks!
John: Hey Andrew! Great news, I'd love to go somewhere warm now. It's going to be a temperature shock for you two!
Andrew: It sure is. I remember you and Caitlin went 2 or 3 yrs ago.
Andrew: Were flying in and out of San Jose, so if you have any suggestions we would greatly appreciate them.
John: Sure thing. I'll e-mail you a must see and must do list this evening. :)
Andrew: Thanks in advance!
Summary: John will send Andrew some tips for his trip to Costa Rica. 
Dialogue: Rob: What were you doing downtown?
Rob: I saw you on the crossroads today :D
Alan: Hah. We have new FBI agents? :D
Alan: I had a job interview at event agency.
Rob: How did it go?
Alan: Not sure yet, but I have a good feeling :)
Summary: Rob saw Alan downtown. Alan had an interview for a job at some event agency and has a good feeling about it.
Dialogue: Peter: Are you at home??
Jake: Yes, for another 3 hours probably
Peter: Quick beer?? Your place?
Jake: sure, are you going to the store on the way over?
Peter: yeah, how many do you want?
Jake: get 2 corona's for me
Summary: Jake is at home. Peter will come in and bring some beer.
Dialogue: Jose: Are you going to Chichicastenango?
Mia: yes, I want to see it
Mia: I've seen so many pictures on instagram
Ignatio: I don't think it's worth the effort
Mia: why?
Ignatio: a shithole as Trump would say :P
Nacho: you're bullshiting Ignatio
Nacho: it's lovely and tourists really like it
Nacho: go there Mia
Mia: what should I see there?
Nacho: it's small, just walk around, the market is the best
Nacho: and Iglesia de Santo Tomás
Mia: ok, thanks!
Summary: Mia is going to Chichicastenango. She saw many pictures of it on Instagram. Ignatio doesn't support the idea, but Nacho does. He advises her to see the market and Iglesia de Santo Tomás.
Dialogue: Judi: Kathy look!!!
Kathy: ??
Judi: <file_other>
Kathy: OMG OMG
Judi: right?
Kathy: OMGOMG
Kathy: how much
Judi: a lot... but my mum will lend us some money!!
Kathy: and we will finally see beyonce live!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Judi: yes, our queen and us in one place at the same time :D
Kathy: I am so excited I might just peed myself a little now
Judi: gross!!!
Kathy: i dont care
Judi: beyonce!!!!!!!!!!
Kathy: <3
Summary: Judi and Kathy want to go to a Beyonce concert. They are going to borrow money for the tickets from Judi's mom.
Dialogue: Travis: Hi, are you there?
Lana: Hi Travis, good to hear from you after holiday.
Travis: Yeah, long time
Lana: So how was it? Greece, right?
Travis: Yep, pure magic. 10 day there and 4 days in Albania
Lana: Wow, Albania. Never been there.
Travis: Kind of wild place, still. But I liked Greece better
Lana: You stayed in one place?
Travis: No, moved around. We saw almost everything there was to see
Lana: Sounds exciting. 
Travis: Take a look. <file_photo>
Lana: Wow, breathtaking. I guess you'll show us more when we meet in the office
Travis: Sure thing. But I'm not back till Monday
Lana: I see. Two more days of freedom.
Travis: Precisely. How are things there anyway
Lana: Same old, same old.
Travis: Been worse?
Lana: I guess it's just this time of the year when not much happens. 
Travis: Have you planned your holiday yet?
Lana: Not really. I guess I'll just find something last minute in September.
Travis: Greece perhaps
Lana: I'll decide when I see the photos ha ha ha. See you around. Gotta go.
Travis: Sure. See you on Monday
Summary: Lana and Travis are talking about his trip to Greece and Albania. He liked Greece more. Travis and Luna will see each other in the office on Monday. Lana will probably go on holiday in September.
Dialogue: Emil: Hey Aztec ;)
Sallie: Hi Emil :)
Emil: Well, I have these two tickets for the Ed Sheeran concert - I was wondering if you wanted to come with?
Sallie: Yes, I'ld love too! How did you manage that?? I thought all of the tickets had sold out?
Emil: I managed through a friend of a friend ;)
Sallie: Well, I would love to go :D How much do I owe you?
Emil: I was kinda hoping that you'ld want to come with me as my date? 
Emil: The thing is, I really like you and I know you probably don't see me that way, but I really like spending time with you.
Sallie: I really like spending time with you too. :)
Emil: So it's a yes?
Sallie: YES!!
Sallie: Of course it's a yes! I've had the longest crush on you since like forever!! :)
Emil: Really?!
Sallie: Yeah - didn't you notice how I was always stammering around you?
Emil: Yes, but I thought you were just shy 
Emil: Or that I intimidated you or something.
Sallie: I guess I was just kinda scared that I'ld make a fool of myself and that you'ld hate me or something.
Emil: I could never hate you - you're the sweetest girl I know ;)
Sallie: :D
Sallie: I'll pay you back for the tickets
Emil: No, seriously - it's on me ;)
Sallie: Then in that case I'm paying for dinner.
Emil: Sallie, that's really not necessary
Sallie: You can fight me all you want but I'm not changing my mind :) Especially since those tickets cost a fortune
Emil: But you're worth it ;)
Sallie: Smooth talker ;)
Summary: Sallie will go for a date with Emil to Ed Sheeran concert.
Dialogue: Alex: you know...sometimes I just wonder if I don't study hard enough, or if maybe fortune favors fools :/
Deborah: why is that?
Alex: I was studying the entire week, even longer, for this exam we had yesterday, I didn't even cheat on it and was marked with 3, and Denis who probably has never even looked at any book cheated, got 5 and now is happy as fuck
Alex: it pisses me off so damn bad
Deborah: you kidding....that's unfair
Kelsey: whaaaaaaaaat? really? I also got 3 and studied as much as you did :/
Alex: hell yes. and what pisses me off even more is the fact that such people are always lucky, they will always cheat and never get caught
Alex: this is fucking ridiculous
Deborah: I agree with you but the truth is we can't do anything about that 
Deborah: but it's not always like that...Charles was cheating on the last test using his smartwach and the professor didn't notice anything, he literally just wrote down all the right answers and DIDN'T pass, do you understand that?
Kelsey: really? I don't understand anything right now
Kelsey: what if I study hard and know all the correct answers and then magically FAIL
Alex: as you see shit happens
Alex: fortunately other lecturers are not like this one
Summary: Alex and Kelsey were studying  the entire week for the exam they had yesterday and both got 3, while Denis cheated and got 5. The girls are upset.
Dialogue: Graham: u coming?? i'm waiting!
Dylan: coming coming, 2 min
Dylan: im in the elevator
Graham: ok 
Summary: Dylan is in the elevator. Graham will be there in 2 minutes. 
Dialogue: John: When are you finishing?
Theresa: I think in about 20-30min
Zac: ok, so we're at Starbucks
Theresa: which one
Zac: the one next to Trinity College
John: at College Greet
Theresa: ok, I'll come there when I'm done
John: :)ok, we're waiting
Summary: Theresa will join John and Zac at Starbucks when she is finished. 
Dialogue: Kylie: I have heard that you were with Alex Last night :/
Eli: So what?
Kylie: His parents were searching for him
Eli: Why searching?
Kylie: He has not informed his parents that he would be at his friend's home all night
Eli: Ye he was at my house
Eli: It was an emergency, I will personally call his parents to tell them the situation.
Summary: Eli was with Alex last night. His parents were looking for him. Eli will call Alex's parents to explain the situation.
Dialogue: Jenny: Where should we spend the New Year's Eve?
Kate: I think we should go to the South
Will: I agree
Will: I really don't like Bangkok
Jenny: why?
Will: too crowded, chaotic
Jenny: I like it, partying there would be nice, but if you prefer the islands, we can go there
Jenny: I would really prefer the islands
Summary: Kate thinks they should go to the South for the New Year's Eve. Will agrees. For him, Bangkok is too crowded and chaotic. Jenny likes it, but she would still prefer to go to the islands.
Dialogue: Abdul: It wasn’t fair
Erma: What?
Abdul: The way you behaved today at the dinner
Erma: I just told my parent what’s wrong, they asked, that’s what people do, Ab
Abdul: First of all, not everything needs to go through your parents
Erma: Yes it does, I really value their opinions
Abdul: Mhm I don’t think it’s normal
Erma: Maybe you’re not normal
Abdul: Yes, if it’s weird that I think adults should discuss their shit together, without other people
Erma: But it’s family!
Abdul: That will gossip about it with the rest of your great family and all the neighbors for the next week or more
Erma: Seriously… You’re insulting my family now, it’s getting better
Abdul: SECOND OF ALL, the way you did it was not fair
Erma: Like what?
Abdul: I was sitting next to you, with your parents who hate me and you just threw all those things at me, I didn’t even know about them and I felt like I should explain myself
Erma: Well you should have
Abdul: WHAT!!
Erma: My parents can help us with our problems, hun
Abdul: No they can’t, they’re not objective!
Erma: Whaaaat
Abdul: They’ll always defend you, that’s obvious!!!
Erma: I’m not going to accept such words about my family, waiting for you to say sorry
Summary: Abdul and Erma are having a fight. According to Abdul, Erma's parents hate him, and she behaved unfair, telling her parents about her relationship problems with Abdul, when he was sitting right next to her during family dinner today. 
Dialogue: John: Do you think he really knows what he's talking about?
Mark: I have sometimes some doubts
Matthias: Me too
John: So good, it's not only me
Matthias: do you remember the women he tried to help?
John: yes, sure
Matthias: he only made it worse, and they had to call an ambulance
John: I know, I'm not sure he even studied physiotherapy 
Mark: maybe we should just ask him about his education?
John: I will!
Summary: John, Mark and Matthias question his competencies.
Dialogue: Edric: i got 2 tix 4 hoops game 2moro
Briar: oh cool id like 2go. how much
Edric: nitch. got'em 4free but cant go
Charity: cool briar so were going
Summary: Charity and Briar will take Edric's tickets for hoops game tomorrow as he can't go.
Dialogue: Lola: Fuck!
Lola: I doused the blouse with the soup!
Lola: <file_gif>
Erica: oh, dear...
Erica: Do u have sth to change?
Lola: no :'(
Erica: maybe I'll bring u sth?
Lola: could u? u r an angel!
Summary: Lola doused the blouse with the soup. Erica will bring Lola something clean to wear.
Dialogue: Ray: WHERE ARE YOU??
Liam: I'm coming. 
Ray: You said that 15 minutes ago. -_-
Liam: Would you just let me get ready?
Ray: It's just us boys. It's not your wedding.
Liam: You know I get properly dressed whenever I go out.
Ray: Yeah girls do that too.
Liam: Am i supposed to laugh at this?
Ray: You're supposed to get out of your room and come to the gate.
Liam: Okay okay, do not rush me.
Ray: The uber's on it's way.
Liam: You could've atleast let me come to the gate before ordering the uber.
Ray: No we can't wait. We're starving.
Liam: Okay I'm almost there.
Ray: Yeah right. (Hangs up the phone)
Summary: Ray wants Liam to hurry up and join him and their friends. Liam wants to get dressed properly. Ray ordered an uber for Liam.
Dialogue: Simon: Hello, I need someone to go to the conference with me, since Alan had an accident yesterday.
Lilly: Oh God, is he okay?
Simon: More or less. He's got a broken leg.
Lilly: Poor Alan.
Derek: I can go with you. It's next week, isn't it?
Simon: Yes, Thursday and Friday. I'll send you an e-mail with all the details then.
Summary: Simon is going to the conference next week with Derek. Alan can't go as he broke a leg in an accident.
Dialogue: Will: <file_photo>
Will: <file_photo>
Will: What do you think?
Kimberly: I think you're very talented photographer
Will: Naah! Nowadays your phone takes picture. Not you.
Kimberly: Technically if you have all settings set to 'auto' then yes.
Kimberly: But 1 thing doesn't change.
Kimberly: It's the person who chooses what should be in the picture
Kimberly: You chose the moment, the background and elements that in your opinion should get photographed
Will: Haha. I haven't looked at it that way :)
Kimberly: True talent is visible in this photo because of things that are in the picture
Kimberly: The car, this beetle, the background. It's the message
Will: Well I feel much better now :D
Kimberly: It's true!
Will: <3
Summary: Even though the ease of taking pictures nowadays Kimberley feels that the choice of the topic of the photo Will has sent her shows that he's a talented photographer.
Dialogue: Elvis: Bro where are you? The girls are here already
Kelvin: I'm stuck in traffic man but i should be there in 20 minutes.
Elvis: Okay. but hurry!
Summary: Kelvin is stuck in traffic, he should arrive in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Melissa: how's your leg
Zayn: better
Melissa: don't hurt?
Zayn: a little
Zayn: but it's berable
Melissa: do u need sth?
Zayn: not really
Zayn: I'm just bored, can't move with the cast
Melissa: It's awful
Melissa: maybe I'll drop by?
Zayn: sure, maybe u could bring some food?
Melissa: ofc, sth special?
Zayn: u choose
Melissa: ok :)
Summary: Zayn's leg is better. He is just bored, because he can't move with the cast. Melissa will drop by with some food.
Dialogue: Kate: Are you planning your holidays this year?
Roxanna: Not yet, there's still a lot of time till summer
Roxanna: I'm hunting for bargains :)
Kate: Last minute offers are sometimes the best
Roxanna: Agree :)
Summary: Roxanna doesn't make any plans for the summer. She waits for some last minute offers.
Dialogue: Sonia: That was an amazing film!!!!!!!!
Ric: I can't believe they killed so many heroes
Sonia: Spidey!!
Ric: I know!!
Sonia: "I don't want to go" OMG
Ric: u know where that's from?
Sonia: wdym
Ric: its a line from Doctor Who
Sonia: rlly?
Ric: from season 8 or 9 I think, w/ David Tennant
Sonia: I didn't watch that one. I like the one with Matt Davis
Ric: Tennant is the best
Sonia: do u have those seasons at home?
Ric: sure. u can copy them if you want
Sonia: but now you ruined it
Ric: what?
Sonia: with all the I don't want to go thing
Sonia: SPOILERS!!!
Ric: it's not about that
Ric: plus u don't know what its about
Sonia: alright I'll start watching it and we'll see
Ric: come by later, ill be home
Sonia: netflix and chill?
Ric: maybe. If you say tennant is the best
Sonia: I hate you
Summary: Ric will let Sonia copy Doctor Who season 8 and 9. Sonia may come over to Ric's place to watch movies.
Dialogue: Madison: <file_picture>
Ralph: wow, this looks really tasty!
Ralph: <file_gif>
Madison: I'm so proud of myself!
Madison: I hope it tastes at least half as good as it looks XD
Summary: Madison prepared a meal which looks delicious and proudly shares a picture of this with Ralph.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi there! Are you the administrator of the Sci Fi meetup?
Sergio: Yes.
Alex: I found your number in the group description
Sergio: Alright.
Alex: I'm trying to join the group, but it keeps saying my request needs to be approved
Sergio: That's correct.
Alex: ...
Sergio: Yes?
Alex: So, can I join?
Sergio: Well, I think it is self-explanatory.
Alex: What do you mean?
Sergio: Your request needs to be approved. We will discuss it during the course of our next meeting and get back to you.
Alex: seriously?
Sergio: I am afraid so.
Alex: ahm... alright.
Sergio: Thanks for your request.
Summary: Alex's request to join the Sci Fi meetup needs to be approved on their next meeting. They will contact Alex once the decision is taken.
Dialogue: Sally: best pizza in Exeter please?
John: Rosario
Ben: Carluccio's
Sarah: Domino's
Maddie: Perfect Pizza!
Sally: thanks all
Summary: John, Ben, Sarah and Maddie give Sally pizza recommendations in Exeter.
Dialogue: Robert: Alison, we need to talk when I’m back home.
Alison: Something happened?
Robert: It’s about Harper. I’m worried about her.
Alison: Why, you noticed something?
Robert: You go to sleep early, you don’t realize she comes back home very late, usually behaves weird…
Alison: Oh, honey, she’s a teenager, they do stupid things, maybe she’s a bit drunk…
Robert: She doesn’t behave like she’s drunk. She behaves like she’s on drugs.
Alison: Are you sure?!!
Robert: I’m pretty sure, we’ll discuss it later, ask her if she’s home this evening, maybe we’ll talk to her as well.
Alison: I don’t know about this… She’ll get angry, start accusing us that we control her…
Robert: You want to leave it like this??
Alison: No… Ok, we’ll talk about it at home, right?
Robert: Yes, just… think about it.
Alison: I will.
Summary: Robert and Alison will talk later at home about Harper's weird behavior.
Dialogue: Tamara: What are you doing, Shania?
Shania: Watching 'Stop Bieszczady' on TVN
Tamara: What is it?
Shania: Programme about people who left their lives and went to live in the mountains
Shania: really interesting.
Tamara: Thanks, I will check it out! :)
Summary: Shania is watching a TV documentary 'Stop Bieszczady' which sounds interesting to Tamara as well.
Dialogue: John: We're going to the party after all
Tom: Wendy as well?
John: yes
Katy: I'm very happy!
Summary: John and Wendy are going to the party.
Dialogue: David: The new movie of Jonhy English has come out, have you seen it?
Patricia: No but I have been meaning to go tough. I heard it's hilarious.
David: Rowan Atkison is just awesome, love that guy! In Mr. Bean I would just laugh so hard ahaha
Patricia: Me too 😂 I couldn't watch some scenes sometimes cause they would make me nervous from all the constant crap he did ahhaha
David: ahahaa xD  Anyway.. wanna go to the 21:40 session today? I ain't got much going on so..
Patricia: Sure! Where are you having dinner?
David: Was thinking of just ordering a pizza, you have any ideas?
Patricia: There's a new Mexican place and they do take out's, want me to grab something and meet you at your place?
David: Oh that's what I'm talking about! Bring me 2 chicken burritos and nachoooos with guacamole.
Patricia: Anything else for the little boy? ahaha xD
David: While you're at it a coke would do 😂
Patricia: Jesus.. x) Leaving my place now, cya in a bit.
Summary: Patricia will order 2 chicken burritos, nachos with guacamole and a coke for David to go in the new Mexican restaurant and bring it to his place. After that they will go to see the new Johnny English movie at 21:40.
Dialogue: John: hey madam Lucy
Lucy: hey
John: got youre number from the departmental secretaries and was wondering if you updated my CAT marks in the system
Lucy: remind me your registration number?
John: DBITNRB229916
Lucy: yes, i remember your case, but i told you to talk with the HOD first about your class attendance record
John: Yes i explained myself to him
Lucy: then?
John: he said it was okay
Lucy: ill have to confirm that with him on Monday
John: okay the, but i'll look for you at the staff lounge in the course of this week just to seek clarification about the CAT marks
Lucy: okay then
John: thanks Lucy
Lucy: you're welcome John
Summary: John wants to know if his CAT marks are updated. Lucy needs to consult it with the HOD on Monday. John will look for Lucy at the staff lounge this week to deal with the issue.
Dialogue: Rob: Hi babes, you alright?
Kaja: Hello Rob, enjoying your holidays?
Rob: Yes, trying to relax! Listen, you busy tomorrow night?
Kaja: Well, Elena wanted me to dye her hair for her, but won't take too long. Shall we go out after?
Rob: I was just about to ask you that! Thing is, my brother and his family are down from Leeds and he wants to go to the pub, you fancy coming too?
Kaja: Are we there as friends or as does he know we're going out occasionally?
Rob: Hmm, he is a bit dickish to be honest! He might start being annoying and intrusive. Maybe better if I go with him alone.
Kaja: OK, you idiot! You should have just told me you were going out with him on your own, I wouldn't have minded!
Rob: Yes, sorry. Can I come round after the pub?
Kaja: I'll think about it🙄
Rob: Right, ok, might see you tomorrow then, bye😗
Summary: Rob will go to a pub tomorrow with his brother. He might come to visit Kaja after. 
Dialogue: Peter: Katy has just left
Peter: Finally
Marilyn: which Katy?
Peter: Katy Morris
Jack: that witch!
Summary: Katy Morris has just left.
Dialogue: Ann: Have you heard the news?
Camilo: Yeah! Donald trump has announced to help Pakistan
Ann: What do you think about it?
Camilo: Pakistan needs it and Donald trump is a good person
Ann: I guess so!
Camilo: He would be making a love speech from his office this friday
Ann: I might not be able to hear that
Camilo: Need to prepare the assignments
Ann: You can hear it on yt afterwards
Camilo: I would try to
Ann: Would you come to College tomorrow?
Camilo: Yeah I would
Ann: See you tomorrow then
Summary: Donald Trump revealed a plan to help Pakistan. This Friday he will give a speech. Ann won't be able to listen. Camilo will watch it on yt later. Ann and Camilo will meet in college tomorrow.
Dialogue: Andrew: I just saw the new galaxy s10e
Andrew: it's pretty
Max: says Apple fanboy ;-)
Andrew: truth be told, it looks a bit like iPhone xr
Max: agree
Max: it's not bad
Max: we don't know all the details though
Max: no proc
Andrew: yeah
Andrew: it will be an interesting year when it comes to smartphones
Andrew: three or four new samsung phones, three iPhones
Andrew: all those punch hole displays
Max: yeah
Max: I'm really curious as to what apple will show
Andrew: let's not forget about all those Chinese manufacturers
Andrew: btw, I love the in-display fingerprint sensor thing :D
Andrew: hope it goes mainstream
Max: couldn't agree more mate!
Summary: Max and Andrew are looking forward to the new developments this year of smart phones. 
Dialogue: Teddy: EMMA? i am waiting?
Emma: Mom please have patience they have not announced yet!
Teddy: ok ok as soon as they announce let me know ok?
Emma: yes Mom i will, i know your more excited than me
Teddy: off course your are my daughter and its a proud moment for me...
Emma: MOM I HAVEN'T WON YET please? 
Teddy: i mean when you will win it will be a proud moment for me!
Emma: you know what mom?
Teddy: what?
Emma: if i will lose i will feel more bad for you than myself! :(
Teddy: oh come on i know you will win dont worry!!!
Emma: i am not worrying mom its you!! and also panicking me now please dont message i will let you know.
Teddy: ok i wont. i will call you after 30 mins if you dont message me!!
Emma: arghhhhhh!!!!
Teddy: lol ok sorry
Emma: lol no prob i will call you 
Summary: Teddy is impatient to know if Emma won but she doesn't know yet and Teddy is making her nervous.
Dialogue: Rod: Hi Man, you OK?
Rich: Not too bad, family Ok?
Rod: Yeah, Carrie's gone back to work now, things are a bit more hectic.
Rich: Where's the little 'un now?
Rod: My parents have got him 3 days, child minder for 2.
Rich: That sounds like a logistical nightmare! 
Rod: Not really, I drop him off at mum and dad's with all the gear, then Carrie does the child minder drop off, not too bad so far!
Rich: You seen Gary round lately?
Rod: He moved to London I think. He's a chef now, so I hear. Can you imagine?
Rich: Christ! I don't fancy eating anything he cooked! His hygiene standards were pretty grim, remember his flat?
Rod:: Bloody hell, yes! There was hardly any room to even sit down and the whole place was stinking!
Rich: Remember that gorgeous French girlfriend he had, Christa, wasn't it, what did she see in him? Anyway, gotta go, Bye! See you Friday!
Summary: Rod's partner Carrie has come back to work. Their young son stays with Rod's parents 3 days a week and with a child minder 2 days. Gary moved to London and works as a chef. His hygiene standards were very low, but he had a nice French girl Christa. Rod and Rich will meet on Friday. 
Dialogue: Carl: Oh shit, I've blocked my e-bank account !
Noah: How is it?
Carl: I've ot the wrong  password in :(
Carl: Now I have to go to the bank.
Summary: Carl blocked his e-bank account because he entered a wrong password. Now he needs to go to the bank.
Dialogue: Emilia: Hey Smith, you coming to the farewell party or not?
Smith: I'm not sure. I haven't decided yet.
Emilia: wait what!! 
Smith: I haven't decided yet
Emilia: There is nothing to decide. you are coming. that's the end of discussion.
Smith: Okay Okay. I will come.
Emilia: There you go.
Smith: Okay see you
Summary: Emilia and Smith are going to the farewell party.
