Dialogue: Ken: Can I use someone's computer?
Kian: What happened to yours?
Ken: It's in service 
Miriam: You could use mine for now but I'll be in the office in the afternoon
Ken: I need it for about ten minutes
Ken: I need to upload some files to the server
Miriam: Then go ahead. I'll send you the password in private 
Summary: Ken's computer is in service. Ken is going to upload some files to the server on Miriam's computer.
Dialogue: Patrick: Hey dude, whats up?
Andy: I'm watching the game
Patrick: Wanna grab a beer later?
Andy: Sure!
Summary: Andy and Patrick will have a beer later.
Dialogue: Vicky: I am absolutely shattered!
Gina: I know what you mean. It's only Monday and it already feels like Friday.
Vicky: The weather doesn't help. It just makes you want to stay inside and sleep.
Gina: I'm nodding off at work here. Hoping that the boss won't notice.
Vicky: LOL. I wish I could do the same, but sadly I can't get away with that over here.
Gina: Are the kids being pains in the proverbial?
Vicky: TOTALLY! I better run there's more crying coming in from the living room. Best check it out.
Gina: No worries. Take care.
Summary: It's Monday, the weather is bad, Gina is feeling sleepy at work, Vicky can't nod off, because she's taking care of children.
Dialogue: Sam: I just got my 1st credit card!
Tom: Well, congrats and sorry!
Sam: Y sry?
Tom: Aren't u afraid of getting into debts?
Sam: No, not really. Should I be?
Tom: I think u should.
Summary: Sam got her first credit card.
Dialogue: Luke: take a look at this~
Luke: <file_other>
Garrett: woww, thanks for sharing!
Garrett: it's really interesting
Emmy: yeah wow
Emmy: a good read for sure
Luke: reading about the past hurts a little but i feel like we should know all that
Emmy: well said
Summary: Luke found painful information about the past.
Dialogue: Tina: Cold outside, warm inside! Having autumn spice coffee with my best friend! x
Andy: Can i order one too, please?
Rob: sounds like you're having a great day?! take care!
Beth: so busy around the children i wish i had one too! x
Harry: enjoy your spice coffee! 
Chloe: i could spend the entire autumn sipping coffee at a cafe
Summary: Tina is drinking spice coffee on a cold autumn day.
Dialogue: Susan: anybody cares for a drink 2nite?
Olive: workig till late sry
Marge: I'm ok with time but broke
Susan: no prob. on me
Marge: gr8!
Summary: Susan invites Marge for a drink tonight. Olive can't go with them.
Dialogue: Mason: I have a meeting tonight; can we eat at 6?
Olivia: Ooh, that's putting me on the spot!
Mason: No problem. I can eat after the meeting.
Olivia: Yeah, I'll save you some. I'm afraid I won't get out of here until after 5:30, so...
Mason: No worries. I didn't remind you so.
Olivia: We need a calendar!
Mason: We should share a Google one.
Olivia: Great idea.
Mason: How do we do that? LOL!
Olivia: I think I can share mine with you and vice versa. Then we can invite each other to things.
Mason: Oh, right.
Olivia: Otherwise I think we have to get a paper one for the kitchen. We keep missing things!
Mason: Agreed!
Olivia: See you later. Love you!
Mason: Love you too!
Summary: Mason has a meeting tonight and Olivia is working until after 5:30. Mason and Olivia wants to share a Google calendar to put an end to missing things. 
Dialogue: Linda: Hi Bryan, I just got a call from Bestbuy.
Bryan: Hi Linda, regarding the fridge?
Linda: Yeah, they changed the delivery date.
Linda: There were some issues.
Bryan: When will they deliver it?
Linda: On Thursday at 4pm.
Linda: But I need to be at my accounting course until 5pm.
Bryan: OK, that's fine, I'll be @ home.
Bryan: I'll leave the office an hour earlier and I'll stay longer on Friday.
Linda: Great, thanks :)  
Summary: Bestbuy informed Linda about change in delivery date of the fridge. It is on Thursday 4 pm. Linda has her accounting course until 5 pm. Bryan will pick up the fridge. On Friday he'll stay longer at work.
Dialogue: Lena: that new professor is the worst!
Lena: i mean, how can you give 5 pages of homework at the FIRST CLASS?
Brian: this sucks 😟
Brian: didn't even listen to him.
Brian: wait. what homework AHAHA
Lena: jeez
Lena: excercises on pages 12-16
Brian: he's psycho
Lena: agreed.
Brian: maybe he just tryna be tough
Brian: lets NOT do the homework and see what happens
Lena: do what you want I won't risk it
Brian: no pain no gain, no game - you're lame
Lena: this is a really nice poem, thanks! 😆😆
Brian: you're welcome 😚
Brian: anywaysss
Brian: see tou tomorrow at philosophy class
Lena: they want to kill us
Brian: be brave! we'll survive! I'll protect you!
Lena: my hero 😆😍
Brian: ekhm..
Brian: see you tomorrow 😉
Summary: Lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given. 
Dialogue: Kylie: do you know Anastasia launched her new line of products?
Lisa: wow
Lisa: she just began a campaign!
Kylie: I know I can't believe it 
Kylie: I have to make order
Lisa: me too 
Lisa: can't wait to try it 
Summary: Anastasia has just launched a new line of products and began a campaign.
Dialogue: Judith: ey, have you seen this girl with that ridiculous makeup on her face? XDDDDDD
Salomea: oh jesus, don't you remind me that
Berenika: yes xDDDDDDDD
Judith: I can't believe she's walking like that and not feeling that something's wrong xDDDD
Salomea: I've noticed people are talking to her and not laughing, so maybe she simply doesn't know it looks awful
Berenika: that's possible. but still... it looks shitty as fuck, I can see her from the 10m distance.....
Summary: There is a girl with ridicolous makeup and she is probably not aware it looks awful.
Dialogue: Lucy: I'm going to work in the library
Lucy: Wanna join me
Natalie: I'm already here lol
Xavier: I'm in town, maybe in the evening if you're still there
Summary: Lucy is going to work in the library. Natalie is already there. Xavier might join them in the evening. 
Dialogue: Owen: What beer do you want? 😉
Jenna: Coors. But what's available?
Owen: Stella, coors, Peroni, Budweiser, carlsberg
Noah: Pe-Ro-Ni for the Italian 😜.
Owen: <file_photo> Enough?
Noah: For this week… 😂😂
Owen: Can someone come down to help 😉
Jenna: Wait. Coming!
Summary: Owen is buying beer. Jenna wants Coors, Noah Peroni.
Dialogue: Max: what u r gonna bring 4 a school project?
Jerry: didn't think about it yet
Max: u know its next week?
Jerry: oh, right, it's so soon...
Max: anny ideas?
Jerry: not really, no, u?
Max: I thought about volcano
Jerry: classic, u can make it?
Max: dad will help a little
Jerry: nice, I guess I need to think sth fast
Max: yep, times fly and u don't wanna get an f
Jerry: nope, mom would kill me
Max: u r right, your mom it tough
Jerry: I know, got 2 go
Max: see u
Summary: Max will make a volcano for his school project. Jerry hasn't figured it out yet.
Dialogue: Sally: Waze is consuming by battery faster than I consume cookies
Larry: Do you have a charger?
Sally: It should be somewhere
Sally: Oh I found it 
Nelly: Waze is so energy consuming
Sally: WTF
Sally: It's emptying my battery faster than I can even charge it 
Sally: I might switch to Google maps 
Summary: Waze is consuming batteries really fast.
Dialogue: Elena: When are coming back home?
Xavier: I'll be another hour, by the looks of things.
Elena: Can you go to the shop on the way home?
Xavier: Sure, which shop?
Elena: Hale Banacha. We need some more of your coffee, and they don't sell that in Żabka
Xavier: OK. Coffee, what else? Send me a list.
Elena: Butter, one pumpkin, 2 kg of potatoes, carrots, onions, big pack of kitchen rolls, Tymbark apple-mint, 2 2litre bottles.
Xavier: OK. 
Elena: Toothpaste, the one I like, soap. To i Owo. Mokate Cappucino. A can of peas - Bonduelle.
Xavier: What about water?
Elena: I got some water when I was out.
Elena: And we need a new ream of paper for the printer.
Xavier: OK, I'd better come home first and get a coffee, then I'll take the car to the shop.
Elena: That won't work.
Xavier: Why not?
Elena: Like I told you, you've run out of your coffee.
Summary: Xavier is out of his coffee. Elena sends him to do shopping. The list piles up.
Dialogue: Carrie: Hi Greg, you are very handsome ;)
Greg: thank you, you are very attractive too;) how was your weekend?
Carrie: Thanks, it was quite quite, I went for blues workshops
Greg: Sounds interesting. whats there goin on? ;)
Carrie: you dance blues :Dand become aware of some of your muscles
Greg: so you hit the dancefloors at the parties?
Carrie: you dont have to say it twice for me :D haha what bout u?
Greg: when the crew is good im good too
Carrie: in pairs?
Greg: sometimes yeah
Carrie: cool
Carrie: ok byeeeeeeeeee
Greg: sorry im in the middle of moving outfrom my apartement
Carrie: okkkkkkkk
Summary: Carrie went to blues dance class during the weekend.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi guys, what time are we going to Spoons?
Anthony: Well, Kirsty, Jack and Ajay are meeting us there. Suki's ill and Rob's working. Carrie is maybe going to be there, depends how she feels.
Sam: OK, what time is everyone meeting?
Anthony: 9ish, I think. You walking down with us?
Sam: Yeh, sure. I'll see you downstairs at 10 to 9?
Anthony: Sure buddy. See you later.
Summary: Sam and Anthony will meet at 8.50 to join Kirsty, Jack and Ajay at Spoons. Suki and Rob won't come, Anthony doesn't know about Carrie.
Dialogue: Tom: Are you still at the museum
Jeniffer: Yes, the 3rd floor
Tom: good, I'm still in the shop, they have amazing stuff
Jeniffer: oh yes, great design
Summary: Tom is still in the shop.
Dialogue: Mom: u home?
Mom: ask Megan If I should throw away that red jacket
Mom: or if she wanna come and take it
Valerie: I'm not home
Valerie: ask her yourself
Valerie: u can write to her too
Mom: ok, ok
Summary: Mom will write to Megan asking what to do with the red jacket.
Dialogue: Maia: Hey babe
Maia: When you come over can you bring Sophias bag please?
Maia: I must have left it on your coach 
Lala: Morning :)
Lala: Sure :) See you soon!
Maia: Thanks x x
Summary: Maia asked Lala to bring Sophia's bag that she had left.
Dialogue: Matt: Hi mate, do you the Multisport card where you work?
Jack: Yeah, why're you asking? 
Matt: I'd need one from March on. 
Jack: Oh, but I can't fix you one as I don't have any myself. 
Summary: Jack's company gives Multisport cards to employees. Matt needs one from March. Jack doesn't owe a Multisport.
Dialogue: Julia: What was the name of the song you played yesterday?
Julia: I can't remember and I have it in my head.
Adam: Tom Odell - Another Love remix
Adam: Actually it's a sad song
Julia: I know.
Julia: But this remix is so good I can't stop thinking of it
Adam: <file_other>
Adam: Catch a youtube link
Julia: Thanks :D
Adam: The best thing about my youtube is that I once  found few good songs
Adam: And now, autoplay function plays really good songs automatically
Adam: I'm really proud of my cooperation with youtube algorithm :D
Julia: Haaha. Don't be so full of yourself. Your ego will blow the city up.
Adam: I can't help it. 
Adam: It's oddly satisfying when I think about it.
Julia: Haha. Thanks for the song. I'm going back to work
Adam: Good luck :D
Summary: Julia is looking for the song that Adam played yesterday. He provides a link to the song. Adam is happy with how YouTube autoplay function works.
Dialogue: Tommy: guess what :D
Tim: you're gay
Tim: is that it?
Tommy: missed
Tommy: I got a job!
Tommy: at the Grein Hotel
Tim: how can someone like you get a job in a hotel
Tim: oh, I see
Tim: you're gonna clean the floors, towels, bedshits and other shits, right?
Tommy: you jealous mother fucker
Tommy: it doesn't matter what
Tommy: I can finally earn some money and make ends meet
Tommy: but your brain is apparently too small to understand it
Tommy: you better get a job yourself
Tommy: maybe as a janitor at the scrapyard
Tommy: this is where I see you
Tim: fuck you
Tommy: and vice versa
Summary: Tommy got a job in Grein Hotel. Tim is surprised and responds in an ironic way. Tommy gets frustrated and insults Tim.
Dialogue: Hortense: Where do you want to meet for dinner?
Celine: Rue de la Paix, theres a place that has good wines.
Hortense: Oh, I know that one! The one with the bookshelves.
Celine: The same!
Hortense: Was just there last week, but I loved it. Will gladly go again.
Celine: What time do you want to meet?
Hortense: How about 7?
Celine: 7 it is!
Summary: Hortense and Celine are going to Rue de la Paix for dinner at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Violet: Harvey, my phone is almost down, would you bring the charger to me on your way to work? Pretty please!!! :***
Harvey: Where did you leave it then? There is such a mess in the bedroom
Violet: I think it's somewhere under the bed…
Harvey: Nope, it's not there. Any other ideas?
Violet: So perhaps in the living room? On the table? I charged the phone  on Thursday I believe
Harvey: Yeah, I have it now. I'll drop by around 10, is it ok?
Violet: You are wonderful Sweetheart :**
Harvey: Of course, I know I'm wonderful :D see you!
Violet: And modest as always...See you :)
Summary: Violet's phone is almost out of battery. She wants Harvey to bring her the charger on his way to work. He'll do that around 10.
Dialogue: Niamh: <file_video>
Niamh: Sorry wrong person. I didn't mean to send it you. Please delete.
Paul: Very interesting! I think I'll keep that in put away in my wank bank
Niamh: Nooooo!
Paul: Too late! :-D
Summary: Niamh sent Paul a video the recipient of which he wasn't meant to be. Paul will keep the film in is wank bank.
Dialogue: Ziggy: hey hey, where are you?
Jeff: on the bus
Jeff: just left work
Jeff: u?
Ziggy: can i drop by? i'm bored out of my mind lol
Jeff: lol sure
Summary: Jeff is on the bus. Jeff has just left work. Ziggy will drop by. Ziggy is bored. 
Dialogue: Emma: what time are going to the make up session?
Linda: 3pm
Emma: Julia offers us  to give us a lift . If it's ok for you ,we meet at 2pm in front of Select
Linda: I'll be there
Emma: Is Sophia coming?
Linda: No she'll join us there.
Emma: my husband wasn't very pleased... He prefers nude face
Linda: my daughter told me that i looked older... She has no taste!!
Emma: is you man back home?
Linda: he should be there by 8:30
Emma: I think we should go to the Bell right now because kitchens close early.
Linda: tell me when you're leaving, i need to do my makeup retouching
Emma: so do I, it won't take long
Linda: so  you say...
Emma: let's go??
Linda: yes my dear, i'm ready for the ball
Summary: Julia will pick Emma and Linda up in front of Select at 2 pm and they will go to have a make-up session at 3. Sophia is not joining them. Emma and Linda are going to the Bell now. 
Dialogue: John: Wanna grab a bite?
Graham: in 5 need to finish sth
John: ok see you downstairs
Graham: see you!
Summary: John and Graham will eat together in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Bobby: Wanna go see a movie?
Freddie: What are they playing?
Bobby: I was thinking about a star is born
Freddie: srsl?
Bobby: why not :D
Freddie: sounds a bit gay
Bobby: omg you always say that and then you actually enjoy the movie
Freddie: let me google it
Bobby: I've heard it's good even if you do not suffer from testosterone deficit
Freddie: XD Ok it's got amazing reviews let's do it
Bobby: 7 or 9pm?
Freddie: I gotta work tomorrow morning so 7 the latest
Bobby: Ok I'l book it
Freddie: Is it just the two of us or you want someone else to join the party
Bobby: Mike?
Freddie: Sure
Bobby: Sam?
Freddie: not Sam
Bobby: the loud chewing?
Freddie: the LOUDEST chewing :D
Summary: Bobby and Freddie are going to see "A Star is Born" in the cinema at 7pm. The movie has very good reviews. They're going to invite Mike as well.
Dialogue: Dell: <file_photo> Greetings from Mexico!
Babs: Thx but what is THIS?
Dell: This is Mexicans' relaxed attitude to death. LOL
Babs: Rather morbid I'd say. So how's your holidaying?
Dell: Anyway not morbid. But becoming tiring. Loads of places to be seen, quite fascinating. Of course all this driving takes the micky out you.
Babs: But I'd say manageable if changing the wheel.
Dell: That's the point! Having seen local driving habits, Moira point blank refused to drive.
Babs: I always thought she's a better driver than you.
Dell: Thank you! But she easily panics. Of course we are managing nicely. A great country, this Mexico.
Babs: So make the most of it. Enjoy!
Dell: We will!
Summary: Dell's and Moira's holiday in Mexico is going well. Driving in Mexico is so tiring that Moira has refused to drive.
Dialogue: Arianna: hi! could you please make a copy for me of this article about the history of feminism?
Leah: yes, sure
Arianna: thanks! you're the best! :))
Leah: you're welcome :)
Summary: Leah will make a copy of the article about the history of feminism for Arianna.
Dialogue: Jenny: what did your dad say?
Lewis: he said meet us at 6
Jenny: how is he getting there?
Lewis: he is getting a lift
Jenny: ok cool.. be here for 4.30 then
Lewis: ok
Summary: Lewis will meet Jenny at 4.30. Lewis will meet his dad at 6.
Dialogue: Damien: Hey man, you up for some bowling tomorrow?
Bradley: Bowling? Sure, can't remember the last time we've done this. Who else is coming?
Damien: Steve and Joe, you okay with that?
Bradley: Yeah, no problem. What time?
Damien: 7ish?
Bradley: All right, let me know which place you've picked
Summary: Tomorrow Damien, Bradley, Steve and Joe will meet  at about 7 and go bowling.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: Honey, can I hide a present for dad in your room?
Joshua: Sure, mom. :)
Elizabeth: Thank you. :) I put it under the bed.
Summary: Elizabeth will hide a present for Joshua's father under Joshua's bed.
Dialogue: Kyle: Hey
Kyle: Do you think I can order drugs online thru shoppers? 
Jake: I think you can
Jake: Sometimes its even cheaper
Kyle: I have prescribed medicine tho 
Jake: Oh then I don't think so
Jake: You have to show up with your prescriptions 
Kyle: I though so thanks! 
Jake: Cool beans 
Summary: Kyle wants to order medication online, but as he has a prescription he needs to show up in person.
Dialogue: Greta: I talked to the lawyer yesterday
Bernie: And?
Greta: Well he says it's going to be complicated but not impossible
Bernie: Of course it's possible but he should tell you about the costs
Greta: The tax is about 10% but the problem is we don't know exactly the total value
Greta: So the valuation will be the first step
Greta: And that's the first thing I'll have to pay for :/
Bernie: Yeah but you won't get anywhere without it
Greta: I know ;)
Bernie: Anyway, it's high time to move the case
Summary: The lawyer told Greta yesterday that her case would be complicated but possible. She will have to pay, but does not know how much yet.
Dialogue: Elle: Where are youuuuuuuuuuu <file_gif>
Miles: running sorry!!
Miles: Missed the bus
Elle: hurry up I'm freezing
Miles: just find the nearest coffee place and meet me there in 20
Miles: send your location
Elle: ok!
Elle: <file_other>
Summary: Elle and Miles are about to meet. Miles missed the bus and is running late.
Dialogue: Jan: helloween, you drunkards! Still sleeping?
Maciej: don't text me so loudly...
Maciej: i can hear your finger tapping the screen from the other city
Jan: hahhaha! That was some party, wasn't it:D:D:D
Jan: what surprised me the most is how much you can drink
Jan: or rather...can't ;)
Maciej: get over it, we're not 20s anymore
Jan: don't be such a geezer, we're 22 :D
Maciej: feels like i'm retired already
Jan: so...when's the next party :D?
Summary: Jan and Maciej were at the party together last night. Maciej got drunk and has a hangover.
Dialogue: Paul: Hello, would you like to take part in a survey on X stroe customer service?
Kim: uhh ok how long will this take?
Paul: not long about 5 minutes
Kim: ok sure
Paul: how would you rate your last visit to Xstore.com on a scale of 1-5?
Kim: 3
Paul: How would you rate the clothing available at Xstore on a scale of 1-5
Kim: 4
Paul: How would you rate the UI of Xstore.com on a scale of 1-5?
Kim: 4
Paul: How would you rate Customer Service on Xstore.com on a scale of 1-5?
Kim: 3
Paul: Is there anything we could do to make Xstore.com better?
Kim: please change the page, it's very difficult to read
Paul: Thank you for your input and time
Summary: Kim takes part in Paul's survey on customer service of Xstore.com. On a scale of 1-5 she's to rate her last visit to the page, the clothing available there, the UI and the customer services. She would also change the page as it's difficult to read.  
Dialogue: Katia: Hi! Sending the message as you asked.
Team_V: Hey friend! I'm Corinne, how are you today?
Katia: Hi! I am Katia. Working hard and enjoying the beautiful sun :D
Team_V: We reached out to you because you look super passionate
Team_V: And we wanted to bring you aboard the V family!
Katia: Thank you! <3 It sounds very interesting, tell me more about it?
Team_V: Let me tell you a little bit about us first.
Team_V: We are a new brand selling jewelry to help promote awareness for the harsh reality of animal agriculture.
Team_V: We rely on brand reps and their fans to help us raise money so we can donate money to our charity.
Team_V: Check us out here:
Team_V: <file_other>
Katia: I really like the idea and the jewelry is beautiful! <3
Katia: How you see me as a part of this awesome project?
Team_V: We want you to become a brand rep and help us raise awareness. 
Team_V: Is this something you'd be interested in?
Katia: Sure I would love that.
Katia: I am starting a couple of meetings now but write me more information about how being a rep with you works.
Katia: I will respond as soon as I get back online :)
Team_V: This would mean you share our website and pages every so often with your family, friends and fans!
Team_V: We will give you exclusive discount codes to track the traffic you drive.
Katia: Thank you Corinne. Let me think about all possible questions I could have and I'll come back to you.
Team_V: Of course, you can ask anything, we're here to explain.
Team_V: Have a good night!
Summary: Team_V wants Katia to join their organisation which sells jewellery to raise awareness regarding animal agriculture. Katia is interested in being a brand representative for Team_V. Team_V will send Katia more information.
Dialogue: Amelia: Hello there, class 😊 I want to invite you all to my birthday party, which is going to take place next Saturday at my home (you all know the address) 😊 Please let me know here if you have other planes.
Julia: I can’t, sorry ☹ dentist
Tom: the same with me 😕
Summary: Amelia invited class to her home birthday party on next Saturday. Julia and Tom can't come, because they have a dentist appointment.
Dialogue: Kaelynn: Just rest
Kaelynn: You need to rest and get better
Yaritza: 😊
Kaelynn: Let me know if you feel ok so we could talk on phone a bit
Kaelynn: But only if you feel better
Summary: If Yaritza feels better, Kaelynn will call her.
Dialogue: Billy: HAKUNA MATATA!
Ben: what a wonderful phrase
Billy: hakuna matata!
Ben: ain't no passing craze..
Billy: it means no worries
Ben: yeah okay thats it -_-
Billy: dude dont ruin it
Ben: im not write the whole song with you
Billy: come onn
Ben: dude dont ruin it
Billy: you ruined the moment
Billy: screw you ben ten :p
Ben: what the heck was thaat xD
Summary: Billy wants Ben to complete Hakuna Matata lyrics with him but Ben doesn't want to.
Dialogue: Andy: hey Ali :)) 
Alison: hey Andy :)) all ready for tonight?
Andy: almost, almost... still making some small adjustments to my costume
Alison: who are you gonna be?
Andy: Incredible Hulk
Alison: who????
Andy: <file_photo>
Alison: so a green monster?
Andy: it's a famous comic persona...
Alison: ok ok sorry :) well it looks scary so you will look great :D
Andy: and what about you?
Alison: a witch
Andy: got any pictures?
Alison: i don't want to spoil it for you!! you will see tonight
Andy: ah come on don't be a tease
Alison: <file_photo>
Andy: oh my god :D i would not recognise you
Summary: Andy is dressing up as the Incredible Hulk for the party tonight. Alison is dressing up as a witch.
Dialogue: Bob: i wanna lose some weight but don't wanna drastic changes! looking for tips.. Anyone?
Kelly: i lost quite a lot simply by having drinks with no added sugar
Bob: that's what i mean! i reckon we can lose quite a lot just by doing simple changes
Kelly: my sis lost a lot i mean she went from obese to normal weight by using public transport instead of her own car
Bob: because she probably had to walk to get to the bus stops
Kelly: exactly!
Alan: make sure you sleep well
Bob: i like that one the most! haha!
Alan: you lose calories in your sleep besides you won't eat that much next day. it has to do with your hormones..
Bob: i see. i gonna definitely try this one :)
Kelly: try smaller plates= smaller portions, fiber foods and no food after 6 pm
Alan: and eat slowly! good luck mate!
Summary: Bob wants to lose weight and is looking for tips. Kelly suggests cutting down on sugar, smaller plates, fiber foods and no food after 6 pm. Alan suggests sleeping well.
Dialogue: Ann: we're in this little village in Umbria
Ann: <file_photo>
Terry: so cute!
Mary: and even some snow!
Ann: yes, but we're cosy here
Mary: sightseeing a lot?
Ann: actually mostly sitting in our little cottage
Ann: cooking pasta and having sex
Terry: very romantic
Mary: so it seems the crises is over
Ann: not really, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day
Mary: how horrible
Ann: I think he's just addicted
Mary: but please, don't try to save him
Ann: I don't, but it's sad to look at it
Terry: I imagine
Ann: so all of this is a bit destructive
Mary: crazy, and he has everything: a beautiful, loving girlfriend, all this fortune, family
Ann: yes, but these things don't make sense
Mary: so true
Summary: Ann and her partner are staying in a cottage in a little village near Umbria, mainly cooking pasta and having sex. Ann's partner is addicted, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day.
Dialogue: Pete: Morning Thomas, the video file is too big. I need to blue tooth it to my laptop first.
Thomas: Why don't you put it on a memory stick for me?
Pete: That's what mean.
Thomas: ???
Pete: It's too big to be sent from my mobile to yours. Directly I mean.
Thomas: So from your smartphone to your laptop to a memory stick?
Pete: Ya.
Thomas: A bit complicated. And could you blue tooth it straight to my laptop?
Pete: I should think so.
Thomas: Has my laptop got blue tooth?
Pete: How can I know?!
Thomas: Wait a sec. How do I check it?
Pete: Don't be ridiculous! Any good laptop has blue tooth connectivity! What have you got?
Thomas: Toshiba ultrabook Satellite something.
Pete: As good as it gets.
Thomas: When could I pop in to fix it?
Pete: Any time really. I'm alone till 6:30 pm.
Thomas: Too bad. Can't today.
Pete: But I can also upload the file to my dropbox and share it with you.
Thomas: What's dropbox for X's sake?
Pete: Oh no! You are killing me!
Thomas: Is it sth like google drive?
Pete: In a way.
Thomas: Then it's OK. I know how to use it.
Pete: Thank god!! I thought you're a complete moron.
Thomas: Not complete.But I'm working on it.
Pete: How are we going to proceed then?
Thomas: Pls upload the file to the google drive connected with my google account.
Pete: I can only upload it to MY account and share it with you = let you download it from my google drive. Got it?
Thomas: Ya. Let me know when you're done.
Thomas: And thank you!
Summary: Pete's video file is too big to send to Thomas by phone. Pete will upload it to Google Drive and share it with Thomas so he can download. 
Dialogue: Chris: <file_photo>
Chris: Just for you mistress.
Jane: Nice. They do show your butt off quite well.
Jane: Now take them off and send me a photo.
Chris: Yes mistress!
Chris: <file_photo>
Jane: That's better. I want you to walk around like that all day.
Chris: Yes mistress!
Summary: Chris will walk around naked for the whole day on Jane's request.
Dialogue: Magnus: did you see the new Netflix logo animation?
Nina: I sure did
Magnus: any thoughts
Nina: I like it
Nina: it's not super original but still
Magnus: saw this at the beginning of that new series
Magnus: the best thing about the show so far, hehe
Magnus: it's okay
Magnus: the animation I mean
Nina: but it's just for the original Netflix series, right?
Magnus: yeah
Magnus: you know they're trying to differentiate their original productions
Magnus: as war is coming :)
Nina: you mean?
Magnus: you know, the streaming war
Magnus: there will be new streaming services from Apple and Disney
Nina: right
Nina: interesting times ;)
Nina: I wish they'd update the chime ha!
Magnus: it's too familiar to change it now
Summary: There is a new Netflix logo animation. War is coming as there will be new streaming services from Apple and Disney. 
Dialogue: Kate: Hello, remember me? From the library?
Jill: Oh, yes, sure
Kate: I guess you left a book on your desk at the library. I noticed it after you went back to class
Jill: I thought that my bag was too light 😉
Kate: Can we meet tomorrow at the entrance to the building and I’ll give you the book back?
Jill: Sure, thanks a bunch. When do you wanna meet?
Kate: Before classes at 8 a.m. is ok with you?
Jill: Would be perfect
Jill: Thank you once again, Kate
Kate: Nothing
Summary: Kate collected book that Jill forgot. Kate is going to give it back to Jill tomorrow at 8 a.m. at library entrance.
Dialogue: Fiona: The washing machine we bought from you last week is not working. Can you come out and fix it please.
John: Hi, Can you please describe the problem and I'll see what I can do.
Fiona: It's not working. Every time we switch it on it tries to start then shows F8 fault.
John: Does it do anything? Like pump water, spin, wash?
Fiona: No. Nothing at all. Just the F8 fault on the display.
John: OK. Give me a moment I'll check the workshop manual and get right back to you.
Fiona: OK.
Fiona: So when will you be coming out to fix it?
John: Still checking. Give me another 10 min or so.
Fiona: OK.
John: I've checked the workshop manuals and I'm afraid I can't fix it on site. You'll have to bring it back for repairs.
Fiona: But when we bought it I asked if you'd cover the repairs and you said yes.
John: That's right. But it is a return to base warranty.
Fiona: This makes it very awkward as we don't have a van to transport it and we really need to get it fixed ASAP as I now have a months worth of dirt washing.
John: I appreciate your problem. Like I said we can fix it for you but you need to bring the washing machine back to us.
Fiona: How do you expect me to do it if I have no transport?!
John: I can give you a number for a 'man with a van' that we usually work with. Dave 0779 234 2100.
Fiona: OK. I'll give him a call now and see if he can pick it up.
John: Please let us know what you arrange.
Fiona: Shall do.
John: Is there anything else that we can do for you today?
Fiona: No that'll be all. Thank you.
John: Great! Have a nice day.
Summary: Fiona bought a washing machine from John last week but it's not working properly, so she wants John to come and fix it.  John can't fix it onsite, Fiona needs to deliver the machine. John gives her a contact to Dave, who can transport it. Fiona will let John know the transport arrangements. 
Dialogue: Ellie: Has anyone sent postcards from here? Is there a way other than driving to Cobano for this? (Maybe Doug/Diego have some mail to send...?) :)
Jacob: diego goes to cobano regularly indeed, not sure about the cost of sending it though
Ellie: I already have stamps so he'd just need to put them in the mail box I guess. also Becky has some
Becky: Thanks Ellie! Yea, I also have 9 postcards I’d like to send but don’t have stamps yet
Ellie: Becky, you can buy some in the souvenirs shop next to Ronny's. 
Ellie: Jacob, could you please ask Diego if that's an option?
Jacob: will do
Jacob: Ellie, are you guys not going via Cobano on departure though?
Ellie: havent figured it out yet :(
Jacob: diego says it’s okay and he can pick up the mail from you today
Ellie: yaaay! Thanks! Becky, wanna join?
Becky: Oh yess that would be awesome, what time is he coming?
Ellie: ?
Jacob: after his work so around 5
Becky: okey dokey
Summary: Diego will pick up Ellie's mail today after 5 and will put it in a mail box.
Dialogue: Steph: i need to go to Cracow this fruday, i'm looking for 2 free seats in a car
Steph: hello btw :D
Tim: morning
Tim: I'm going to Cracow this friday but I have only one seat...
Steph: damn...
Laura: actually two free seats in my car!
Steph: great, could you book them for me? at what time are u planning to leave Warsaw?
Laura: booked 
Laura: 5ish pm?
Steph: cool
Summary: Steph booked two seats in Laura's car going from Warsaw to Cracow on Friday around 5 pm.
Dialogue: Zoe: Jame, could you take the laundry out of the washing maching?
Zoe: i've totally forgotten about it.
James: ok
James: babe, it stinks really bad
Zoe: shoot
Zoe: can you switch it on once again then?
Zoe: i'll be back in about 2 hours, so i'll empty it myself
James: all right
Summary: Zoe forgot to take the laundry out of the washing machine. James switched the washing machine on again, because the laundry stunk. Zoe will be back in about 2 hours and she will empty the washing machine herself. 
Dialogue: Lia: what is going on in the streets?
Amanda: they're protesting
Mary: yes, nothing we can do about it
Lia: the traffic is unbearable today
Jenny: I know
Lia: what is it about?
Amanda: the price of fuel, against the 25% rise
Lia: right, that's harsh
Lia: is it only Conakry or also other places?
Amanda: only Conakry I think
Lia: ehhh
Summary: People are protesting against the 25% rise of the fuel's price. That's why there's a huge traffic on the Conakry streets today.
Dialogue: Andy: Mom, there's a package for me coming in today.
Mrs Pink: Okay
Andy: Could you or dad pick it up for me if I'm not at home?
Mrs Pink: Sure. What is it?
Andy: School stuff?
Mrs Pink: What school stuff?
Andy: Something I need for school.
Mrs Pink: I don't think you're being quite honest with me.
Andy: Don't you trust me?
Mrs Pink: I do, but still. What is it?
Andy: Fine. I ordered some games online.
Mrs Pink: Again?! We need to have a talk, young man.
Andy: But mom...
Mrs Pink: Don't you but mom me. How much have you spent this time?
Andy: 50$
Mrs Pink: Your own allowance?
Andy: Yes. 
Mrs Pink: Sure, we'll gladly pick it up for you. 
Summary: Andy needs his parents to receive his parcel today. He tries to lie to Mrs Pink that he bought school supplies but admits he ordered 50$ worth of games. Mrs Pink doesn't mind him buying games as long is it is out of his own pocket.
Dialogue: Amber: Did anyone see my flower necklace? I must have lost it at the party yesterday.
Gabriel: I'll look for it in my flat as soon as I get to cleaning.
Amber: You haven't started yet? It's 6 p.m.!
Gabriel: You might not remember it, but the last guests left at 6 a.m. I needed some sleep.
Amber: Hey, I do remember leaving the party :P 
Glen: Yeah, but do you also remember getting back home?
Amber: Erm, not exactly XD
Glen: That's because you fell asleep in my car :P
Amber: Oops, sorry. But you didn't have to carry me inside, did you?
Glen: Well, someone had to :P
Amber: Sorry again XD
Mariah: I think I've got your necklace. It was in my pocket, I've no idea how it got there. Is it silver?
Amber: Yes, a silver flower with a green stone in the middle.
Mariah: <file_photo> This one?
Amber: Yes! Thanks, I was really worried it was gone for good.
Mariah: No problem, I'll bring it to the office on Monday.
Amber: Okay.
Mariah: @Gabriel, do you need any help cleaning your flat? I feel bad about all that mess we've left you with.
Gabriel: No, don't worry, it's not that bad. I'll take care of it as soon as I finish breakfast.
Glen: More like supper :P
Gabriel: Nope, breakfast is all about breaking the fast. I've fasted since last night, so I'm eating breakfast right now XD
Amber: Never argue with a linguist :D
Summary: Amber lost her flower necklace. Gabriel will look for it when cleaning. Mariah found it in her pocket and she will bring it to the office on Monday. 
Dialogue: Jack: I'm so cold today, I miss sun!!!!!!
Alex: I know, me too
Megan: maybe we should go to some warm place for a week?
Alex: when?
Megan: like the beginning of February?
Jack: That would be amazing
Alex: but where? it's quite expensive
Megan: we can just look at special offers, and go there, where it is possible 
Megan: eg with condor
Megan: I've seen last week they had 199$ flights to Curacao 
Jack: ok, let's check
Alex: I will do it tonight and let you know
Megan: great, I'll ask a friends who works for Delta
Jack: 😊
Summary: Jack, Alex and Megan want to go somewhere warm for a week at the beginning of February. They will check for special offers. Megan suggests Curaco, she'll ask her friend at Delta.
Dialogue: Tina: Are you coming to the pub tonight? 
Ana: ?
Tina: Denis' birthday party? 
Ana: OMG! I forgot! :/
Tina: <file_gif>
Ana: It's not funny! 
Ana: I keep forgetting about things, meetings, deadlines. 
Ana: I have too much on my mind :( :/
Tina: That's not good. 
Tina: I've told you you needed a holiday. 
Ana: Yeah I know. But I can't go now. 
Ana: Not until the bank project is finished and nobody knows when that will happen...
Tina: It's not healthy and, exactly, nobody knows. You should take a holiday.
Tina: Your health is more important then job. 
Tina: But we've talked about this many times and you know my opinion. 
Ana: Yeah, I know. I'll think about it, promise.
Tina: You say it every time... 
Tina: Never mind. 
Tina: What about tonight? 
Ana: Well, I have to go. He's my boss!
Summary: Ana will come to Denis' birthday party tonight.
Dialogue: Sabrina: Hi babes, you OK?
Kira: Course hun! Loving it here! 
Sabrina: Met any fit Italian guys, yet!?
Kira: Not yet, but enjoying the view! Just bought a stunning new bikini. Here's a pic! <file_photo>
Sabrina: Wow, gorge! Bet it looks even better on!
Kira: Not had the nerve to wear it yet! See ya!
Summary: Kira hasn't met any fit Italian men yet. Kira's enjoying the view and shares the picture of her new bikini with Sabrina.
Dialogue: Oliver: i'm leaving tomorrow at 8am, I have to say good bye to you
Erik: and next week?
Oliver: it's my last evening
Erik: oh shit
Oliver: come tomorrow morning at the station for 8:30 am, my train leaves at 9 am. We'll have time to say good bye
Erik: ok I'll see
Oliver: tell me
Erik: l'll tell  you
Oliver: I'm so happy to met you. I'm at the station, if you have time to come ( and if you want to) you may come. I'll miss you
Erik: bro, i'm so sorry. I can't come. I'll miss you too. Send me some news pls
Oliver: ok don't worry. I'll let you know how is my new school, and we could meet during holidays
Oliver: i have been accepted with honours
Erik: too proud of you man!
Erik: so good you may realize your dreams
Oliver: thanks
Erik: that's normal. Did you find an internship?
Oliver: yes in an hotel
Erik: how many stars
Oliver: 4! not bad
Erik: yes it's very good for internship
Oliver: yes 😀
Erik: we'll find a way to meet again
Oliver: yes don't worry
Erik: yep
Summary: Oliver is leaving tomorrow morning, unfortunately Erik is not able to meet him at the station to say goodbye. They plan to meet up in holidays.
Dialogue: Ann: Do you have a homework from math?
Ian: yep
Ann: Give me the result plz, i have some mistake :(
Summary: Ann needs Ian's math homework to check what mistakes she made in hers.
Dialogue: Danny: What are you having?
Noelle: Mm I'm having one of the best possible meal now :) Salmon with vegs
Danny: Good for you ;) I love salmon
Summary: Noelle is having salmon with vegetables. She likes it. Danny loves salmon.
Dialogue: Dean: hey you got a notice from the post office
Janos: oh yeah?
Janos: maybe my books are finally here
Janos: can u send me a pic? 
Dean: <file_photo>
Janos: thx!
Summary: Janos got a notice from the post office. Dean sends him a picture of it.
