Dialogue: Greta: Do you read new Zafon's book?
Mike: The Shadow of the Wind?
Greta: No, The Labyrinth of Ghosts.
Mike: No, I don't know this book :(
Summary: Mike doesn't know Zafon's new book "The Labyrinth of Ghosts."
Dialogue: Leah: someone should get this for mom, I know she wants jewelry 
Rebekah: I already got her a loft pj set
Kristle: Cute!
Leah: I already got her something too lmao
Kristle: Lemme think idk what im getting her
Rebekah: what did you get her Leah?
Rebekah: does anyone remember that app where u post a pic and people go find where to buy it, its driving me crazy 
Kristle: I think its liketoknowit or... theres one other one lemme think 
Rebekah: the other one is the one I used to use 
Kristle: agh what is it...
Rebekah: im confused by the app u showed me lol im more confused by the fact that those shows are everywhere online and I can't find them
Kristle: I hate when that happens :( postmark does that to me all the time 
Kristle: is it lyst? yes they re cute
Rebekah: no thats something else
Kristle: found them lol
Rebekah: WHF HOW
Kristle: cuz im a queen haha
Summary: Leah and Rebekah got gifts for mom. Kristie will probably buy some jewelry through the app. 
Dialogue: Roger: What's up bro, haven't heard from you in a while.
Ben: Hey hey! Yeah I've been a little off the radar lately :p
Roger: Busy with the flying course?
Ben: Exactly.. I actually just landed, everyting went smooth and did 6 landings.
Roger: That's sooo cool :D Mr.Captain ahhaah
Ben: Not yet, but soon 😏 
Roger: Well I couldn't do such a thing, too much responsability in my hands..
Ben: ahaah it's not everyone I guess. And how are you?
Roger: I'm good thanks for asking. Selling cars as usual and business is doing great! 
Ben: Glad to hear that 👍 I heard there's a new model being announced for next month.
Roger: That's going to be a major boost in sales for sure, the car is just beautiful and performance wise is ridiculous.
Ben: Uhuh exciting! 
Roger: I have been meaning to ask if, are you planning any holiday trip this year?
Ben: Indeed I am bro. Thinking about going to Ibiza, never been there and it looks awesome.
Roger: Of course it's awesome, you got the beach, sun, girls, mad parties every day and night, who doesn't wanna go? xD´
Ben: Seems like someone's been there..
Roger: ahaah nah but some friends went there and that was their description of the place :p
Ben: Sounds like I should really go then ehehe. If you wanna join me I haven't talked with anyone else about it yet 💪
Roger: Oh yeah! Exactly my plan, it's been ages since our last trip say whaaaaat.
Ben: ahahahah getting excited about this! I'll call you later so we can talk better about it alright?
Roger: Alright! Talk to you later dude.
Summary: Ben's training to become a professional pilot. Roger sells cars and the business is thriving. Roger asks Ben about his plans for this year's holiday and they agree to go to Ibiza together.
Dialogue: Peter: Am I imagining it or did he just say that the earth is flat? LOL
John: No, you're not imagining it.
Peter: Yeah I thought so but I thought I'd just check. 
Summary: He said that the earth is flat.
Dialogue: Kate: How many pomodori have you done so far?
Mary: 6
Gabrielle: 7
Jack: 4
Adrienne: 8
Emma: 10
Kate:  that's impressive!!
Summary: Mary has done 6 pomodori so far, while Gabrielle has done 7, Jack 4, Adrienne 8, and Emma 10. 
Dialogue: Harry: hey Chris did u find a leather glove perhaps in your car?
Chris: I don't think I have
Harry: I must have left it there
Harry: hmm
Harry: haha, nevermind, I found it :D
Chris: phew haha
Summary: Harry found his lost leather glove.
Dialogue: Wes: Hi, bro!
Shaun: Hello.
Wes: Have you seen the fixtures?
Shaun: No. Anything interesting?
Wes: A home game on Sat. Wanna come with me?
Shaun: Sure. I haven't been there for a long time.
Wes: That is exacltly why I'm writing to you. You'll soon forget what football is all about.
Shaun: Kids...
Wes: I don't get it. There's Meggie.
Shaun: I can't leave them with her too much. We have a compromise. Either my workouts Mon-Fri or weekend fun.
Wes: You're lost, bro
Wes: <file_photo>
Shaun: It's not that bad.
Wes: <file_photo>
Wes: See you at the entrance?
Shaun: No, I'll come to your place and we'll walk together.
Wes: Great! See you.
Summary: Shaun and Wes are going to a football game on Saturday. Shaun hasn't been to a game in a long time, because he has to take care of the kids. Shaun will come to Wes' place and they will walk to the game together.
Dialogue: Sarah: So I'm the last person on earth who can't drive :')
Kylie: Nooo... There's my little sister... ;)
Sarah: She's 12!
Kylie: Have you ever tried to learn?
Sarah: Once... When I was 16 and it was a disaster...
Summary: Sarah cannot drive.
Dialogue: Aaron: Right! I'm calling you tomorrow. Finally have a morning free. Hope you're in x
Linda: 👍
Aaron: So sorry been a bad friend. So crazy!
Linda: It's all good. Looking forward to a big catchup ❤️
Summary: Aaron is going to call Linda tomorrow as he has a free morning.
Dialogue: Maggie: Happy birthday love!!! xxx
Jessie: You remembered!
Jessie: Thanks darling! <3
Maggie: How are you? How's life? :)
Jessie: Oh everything's good, I've a new job!
Maggie: wow! Congrats!
Jessie: Thanks, it's been great so far, I've had to move to Brussels though
Maggie: Exciting! I've been to Brussels, but only for a day, it looked cool
Jessie: It is, nice city, people are nice and they speak French so I can practice :)
Jessie: Are you doing anything special today?
Maggie: Frank and I are going to have sushi and then to the theatre :)
Summary: Jessie has a birthday today. She got a new job. Maggie and Frank are going out for some sushi and later they are going to the theatre.
Dialogue: Effiie: come with me for groceries
Norman: ok
Effiie: thanks :)
Summary: Norman will do grocery shopping with Effiie.
Dialogue: Jane: What’s the door code?
Harry: 8544
Jane: doesn’t work
Monica: Press 23, then 02 (building number), then the key symbol and the code
Jane: thanks!
Summary: Jane has managed to type in the correct door code.
Dialogue: Phil Jones: I would like to inform you that you are eligible for additional parking spaces in our building. The cost of the parking spaces is about 300$ per month.
Michael Borrow: Thank you. I will forward the information to our employees.
Phil Jones: <file_other>
Michael Borrow: Thank you.
Summary: Michael Borrow is entitled to additional parking spaces for around USD 300/month. He will pass this on to his employees.
Dialogue: Gabriel: i'm thinking of getting a job for the summer
Randy: how is yours going?
Gabriel: being a waiter is not fun but it's a good way to make good money
Randy: i think I'll do that
Randy: i'll start looking for a job today
Summary: Gabriel is thinking about getting a job for the summer, and Randy will start looking for a job today.
Dialogue: Barbara: Heyyy
John: Hullo
Barbara: Are you joining us for the drinks after the workshop?
John: Yeah, I was just going to write to you
Barbara: Well, I've been quicker lol. We're meeting at Scolt's Head at 17.15. More than THIRTY People are expected at the workshop so I very much hope not all of them are going to join us 
John: lmao hopefully
Barbara: Jokes aside, I'm thrilled that we managed to get so many people
John: I reckon we're quite a success
Barbara: So see you at 5.15?
John: I'll actually try to get there for the workshop, so hopefully see you there. If not, drinks at 5.15
Barbara: Splendid. Take care
John: Cheers
Summary: Barbara invited John for drinks at Scolt's Head at 17.15. John accepted the invitation.
Dialogue: Victoria: Oh no, it's raining so hard and I forgot my umbrella today :(
Victoria: Can you get me from the bus stop? I should arrive in 20 minutes
Tyler: No problem, I'll be there
Victoria: Thanks!! <3
Summary: Victoria forgot her umbrella. Tyler will pick her up from the bus stop in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Trevor: Hey
Trevor: You owe me 35 bucks
Isho: I promise
Isho: I will give it back to you
Trevor: bro I am so broke right now!! 
Isho: I will give it back to you in a few days ok? 
Trevor: K 
Trevor: remember! 
Isho: I will ! 
Summary: Isho owns Trevor 35 dollars. He plans to give it back in a few days.
Dialogue: George: Dude, the cutest thing just happened!
Clara: What???
George: I was waiting for my coffee at Starbucks and the fluffiest, softest cat just like, sat in my lap. 
Clara: awwww. That sounds so cute! I'm so jealous!
George: It was honestly the best moment ever. I really thought about keeping it! 
Summary: George went for a coffee at Starbucks and a cat sat in his lap. Clara is jealous. George wanted to keep the cat. 
Dialogue: Tony: We're waiting for you in our apartment
Mirko: in Puerto del Rosario?
Tony: of course
Ellen: ok, we're on the way
Summary: Tony is waiting for Mirko and Ellen in their apartment in Puerto del Rosario. They're coming.
Dialogue: Zach: hiyo
Zach: name of that barber plase
Wilfred: Route 66
Zach: thanks
Wilfred: changing the image?
Zach: nahh
Zach: just regular haircut and trimming
Zach: oh cool
Summary: Zach will get a hair trim at the Route 66 barbershop.
Dialogue: Henry: could you remind me the date we have our appointment?
Barry: Saturday 8 am in my office.
Henry: thanks you. I book my cab for saturday morning.
Barry: don't be late!
Summary: Barry and Henry have their appointment at Barry's office on Saturday at 8 am.
Dialogue: Caroline: Are you in San Remo right now?
Reinhard: No, we're in Monaco for a few days
Caroline: on the yacht?
Hans: Yes, we wanted some time off
Hans: and the weather is perfect again
Carla: why, wanna join us?
Caroline: I have to be in Basel tomorrow, so I just can't
Carla: the art fair?
Caroline: yes, we want to buy some more art
Caroline: Blake prefers to invest in art than diamonds now
Carla: because you're an art historian?
Caroline: I think I convinced him it's better hehe
Hans: you can join us afterwards
Caroline: ok, we're in touch
Summary: Reinhard, Hans and Carla are on a yacht in Monaco. Caroline has to be in Basel tomorrow to buy some art. Caroline is an art historian. 
Dialogue: Jenny: <file_photo> Just unpacked the box :D Look at this pan!
Dan: Oh no! Are they all that size?
Blair: 🙈😂😂😂😂😂 I'm having a crisis sorry....
Jenny: No, thankfully there was another layer with 2 pans. Not big ones, but usable. It's fine, haha
Vanessa: OMG that is precious 😂😂
Andrew: Fried egg for one, very British 😱😂
Dan: You have a microwave. Don’t forget!
Summary: Jenny got box with the pans.
Dialogue: Ash: Judging for website of the year has begun. Please have your ballots in no later than 25 November.
Gin: No way I can make it, I'm out of town for today and tomorrow. Can I have an extension?
Ash: Will Monday be better?
Gin: Yes, I think I can get it done by then. Thanks!
Ash: Anything for you!
Gin: Aw, shucks!
Ash: You worked really hard on the categories, so no way can I leave you out.
Gin: Well, I was going to say!
Ash: LOL!
Gin: I'm not shy, you know!
Ash: Oh, I know!
Gin: How are the rest of the votes coming?
Ash: Slow. You'll probably see another reminder or two over the time you're gone.
Gin: Okay,  no problem. You'll have mine Monday.
Ash: Thank you!
Summary: Ash informs Gin that voting for the website of the year has begun. Gin won't be able to have his ballot in until 25th November so Ash extends the deadline to Monday for him.
Dialogue: Tim: Did you know that mum has a new boyfriend?
Tom: I discovered yesterday
Tammy: I knew 😉
Summary: Tim's mum has a new boyfriend. Tom and Tammy already knew.
Dialogue: Laura: Anybody come to the party tonight?
Patricia: sure!
Joseph: I'll be there
Tony: me as well
Summary: Patricia, Joseph and Tony are coming to the party tonight.
Dialogue: Randy: Hi, I'm writing about the stroller you have for sale. Is it still available?
Todd: Yes, it is.
Randy: Ok, is the price negotiable?
Todd: Yes, I can take something off, but I'd rather not negotiate through text
Randy: Ok, I understand. When can I come and see it?
Todd: Anytime after 5 pm.
Randy: Ok, I will come tomorrow.
Todd: Ok, see you then.
Randy: Thank you.
Todd: Thanks.
Summary: Randy is interested in the stroller Todd has for sale. The price is negotiable, but Todd doesn't want to negotiate through text. Randy will come to see the stroller tomorrow after 5.
Dialogue: Patty: Happy b-day darling, may all your dreams come true!
Agatha: Thank you <3 <3
Patty: <file_gif>
Summary: Patty is sending Agatha birthday wishes. 
Dialogue: Logan: hey, what time is it? xdDDDDDDDDDD
Dennis: jesus, you drunk bro? XD
Logan: no....why
Mason: cause you can check it on your laptop DXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Logan: oh fuck XD you're right
Dennis: hahahhhaaaaa
Logan: sorry guys, I'm stressed out
Mason: what is it?
Logan: I'm just wating for this chick I was telling you about, she's finally coming to see my place
Mason: woooooooooooo congrats 
Dennis: if you're stressed out then it must be serious
Logan: yes it is, just keep your fingers crossed
Dennis: we will, just do your job B-)
Logan: oh c'mon.............
Dennis: ok, sooooorry, keeping my fingers crossed
Mason: me too!
Summary: Logan is waiting for a chick at his place. Dennic and Mason will keep their fingers crossed.
Dialogue: Andy: It was really nice to see you again, Jane ;-) 
Jane: I’m really glad I could see you too, Andy;-) 
Andy: Lunch was delicious.
Jane: Oh, thank you;-)
Andy: What kind of soup was that, again?
Jane: It was tomato soup with basil and garlic.
Andy: That tasted so good.
Jane: They put lemon and butter in it, too.
Andy: The sandwich was good, too.
Jane: Oh, c’mon, everybody likes bacon and tomato sandwiches.
Andy: Yeah, especially on toasts... with cheese:-)
Jane: And the pickles were great, too.
Andy: Tomorrow we'll have rice and fish for lunch, if you’d like to.
Jane: I can't wait;-)
Summary: Andy and Jane ate lunch together. They had a tomato soup and sandwiches. Tomorrow they'll have rice and fish for lunch.
Dialogue: Marty: Wild stuff? Sounds intriguing!
Chris: Please do tell more!
Bernie: Ok. We'll go out, go to the pub, drink some more and see where the night takes us. 
Marty: My kind of party!
Chris: Wife's gonna be so pissed :p
Summary: Marty, Chris and Bernie are going to have a wild night out.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hey gals! :)
Charlotte: Hey Liv & Mia!
Mia: Hi, what's up u 2?
Olivia: We rly need 2 start planning Sophie's bachelorette party!
Mia: Oh yeah, a month 2 go!
Charlotte: Time's running out.
Olivia: So we have the club booked, but what else should we do?
Mia: Well I think we can meet earlier @ my place before we go out.
Charlotte: Yup, we need to make a list of things each person should bring.
Olivia: And agree on a dress code.
Mia: And buy a present.
Charlotte: I'll create a FB group for all the invitees.
Olivia: That's a great idea.
Mia: We can brainstorm there.
Olivia: Send us the invite.
Charlotte: Will do!
Summary: Sophie's bachelorette party is in a month. They have booked the club. Charlotte will create a FB group for all the invitees and organizers and they will brainstorm there. 
Dialogue: Tom: Hey, do you know Monica?
Ken: What Monica?
Tom: You know, that chic we met yesterday. She was at the concert with Kate.
Ken: Now I remember:) What's up with her?
Tom: I need to get her number.
Ken: Sorry, I can't help you, I don't have it.
Tom: :(
Summary: Tom and Ken saw Kate and Monica at the concert yesterday. Tom wants to get Monica's number but Ken doesn't have it.
Dialogue: Louise: I am going to propose to Thelma at his birthday but I have no idea what kind of ring would she like
Louise: could you help me with that?
Vicky: wow dude that's amazing! congrats!
Henrietta: wow! I would love to help you out!
Vicky: I don't know much about rings but I think Thelma will say yes no matter what ring you'll buy
Paloma: me too! did sth catch your eye?
Louise: I saw this ring in Pandora but it might be too tacky
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: :O
Vicky: it's not tacky, it's so Thelma
Louise: wait, I also like this one:
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: I think the first one is better
Vicky: yeah, the second one is too classic, too safe
Louise: OK thank you guys
Louise: just don't tell Thelma anything
Vicky: sure!
Summary: Louise will propose to Thelma at his birthday and has no idea what ring she would like. Vicky, Henrietta and Paloma are there to help and assess the ring Louise found in Pandora.
Dialogue: Amanda: How was your meeting?
Zach: Good.
Zach: Quite an interesting lady.
Zach: I think she has potential.
Amanda: Does she have a lot of contacts?
Zach: It seems so.
Zach: I think I'll give her a chance and see how it goes. 
Summary: The lady is interesting, has potential, and might have many contacts. Zach will probably give her a chance.
Dialogue: Ronnie: hi
Melanie: hello 
Ronnie: how are you? 
Melanie: fine 
Melanie: and u? 
Ronnie: not so good 
Melanie: why? 
Ronnie: I work as a linguist and I'm sick of that 
Melanie: tell me about it 
Ronnie: imagine you have a task 
Ronnie: you have to create dialogues in Russian 
Melanie: any dialogues? 
Ronnie: yeah, without any specified subject 
Melanie: sounds great 
Ronnie: for the very beginning 
Ronnie: but after 200 of examples you have no idea what to write about
Melanie: I haven't thought about that aspect 
Ronnie: nobody thinks about it 
Ronnie: I would rather have to write about a certain things than just improvise all the time 
Summary: Ronnie is tired of his work as a linguist. He has to create dialogues in Russian and after writing 200 of them he finds it difficult to find what to write about.
Dialogue: Emily: babe, we have to start planning our skiing holiday!
Aron: there are like 4 months left!
Emily: everyone says they book theirs a year in advance 
Aron: yeah, right!  
Emily: can we please talk about it tonight? i don't wanna end up like last year!
Aron: fine! we'll talk about it tonight.
Summary: Emily and Aron will plan their skiing trip tonight, although there's 4 months left.
Dialogue: Ross: my mum said im grounded
Brian: what why
Ross: because I broke my leg
Brian: hah its stupid xP
Ross: it is, it hurts and she wont let me visit you, my dad could give me a lift
Brian: sick bitch
Ross: she thinks its your fault and we always do sth stupid
Brian: I helped you, you told her that?
Ross: sure I did, didnt work
Brian: she makes me sick
Ross: me too, ill fuckin run away from here
Brian: with a broken leg xP
Ross: yes I will wander in the woods maybe then she will realize what shes doin to me
Brian: bad idea bro, bad idea xd
Ross: what am I supposed to do
Brian: try talkin to your dad, he’s more reasonable then her
Ross: hmmm ok i will
Summary: Ross is not allowed to visit Brian. His mum blames Brian for Ross breaking his leg. Ross and Brian are unhappy with Ross' mum and Ross will try and reason with his dad.  
Dialogue: Tom: Hello, are you here??
Jerry: yes i'm
Tom: where are you?
Jerry: i'm in the bus coming back
Tom: hurry up!
Jerry: why?
Tom: I think there is a leak in the bathroom. 
Jerry: are you kidding?
Tom: no, there is quite a lot of water since yesterday
Jerry: ok i'll call the tenant
Tom: fine, you'll see  by yourself.Bye
Summary: Jerry is coming back home. There might be a leak in the bathroom. Jerry will call the tenant.
Dialogue: Olivia: just came back home
Kevin: were coming back just right now
Kevin: there was no seats in The Room
Jo: oh ;(
Jo: you found sth else for a lunch?
Deb: we grabbed some pancakes in Foodie
Jo: you liked the place?
Kevin: it was just ok
Summary: Deb and Kevin went to Foodie as there were no seats in The Room.
