Dialogue: Daniel: Hi sweetie
Daniel: How are you?
Daniel: How are kids?
Irene: Hi honey, I miss you!
Irene: I'm fine and the kids are naughty as always :)
Daniel: I can't wait to see you all
Irene: What time do you think you'll be home?
Daniel: 10 p.m. hon
Irene: I should be still awake, I'm waiting for you
Daniel: You're the best, I love you
Irene: Love you too <3
Summary: Daniel will come back home after 10 pm. Irene will wait for Daniel.
Dialogue: Carol: You cleaned a whole house!
Chris: Yes I wanted to make you feel better 
Carol: That’s so sweet, you work a lot recently!! <3
Chris: Anything for you ;)
Carol: Awww babyyy
Summary: Chris cleaned a whole house for Carol to cheer her up.
Dialogue: Norma: Hiya, how've you been?
Helena: Good, thanks. Uni same as last year, with a tad less partying!
Norma: God, yeah, I remember it well! Too knackered at the mo.to do much now!
Helena: The world of full-time work treating you well, Love?!
Norma: Well, yeah, the money's a lot better than being a student, I must admit, but I'm studying for my accountancy exams too at home. 
Helena: Eek! I'm not looking forward to all that malarkey!
Norma: You sorted out a job yet? 
Helena: No, still doing the Milk Round, got a few nibbles though!
Norma: Good luck, we may be working together one day. Of course, I'll be your boss, though!
Helena: Big head! Anyway, we must make plans for Christmas!
Norma: Love to, keep in touch.
Helena: You too! Byeee!
Summary: Norma works full-time, earns good money and prepares for her accountancy exams at home. Helena is still busy doing the Milk Round and suggests to make plans for Christmas.
Dialogue: Baron: Hey guys. Are we having a video conference on Friday?
Lois: Yeah, Friday 10 am UK time. I've sent you guys an email with a link to join the conversation on Hangouts
Baron: Splendid, thank you so much Lois 👏
Lois: No worries, it's a pleasure
Blake: Hey guys, I might be like 15 minutes late, I have a department meeting just before and will have to run across the campus to get to my office and chat with you
Lois: Sounds cool, me and Baron will have a moment for gossip
Baron: Totally, I think I can generate 7.5 minutes of gossip if Lois demands it of me
Lois: Sounds like just the amount of gossip I wanted 😂
Blake: Cool. Talk to you on Friday around 10:15 then
Lois: 👌 
Baron: Cheers 🍹
Summary: Baron, Lois and Blake are having a video conference on Friday at 10 AM UK time. Blake might be 15 minutes late. In the meantime Lois and Baron will have a moment for gossip. 
Dialogue: Reese: can you get me a brunost when yo will be in Norway next week?
Susie: of course
Susie: but what is it? xd
Reese: its a brown cheese
Reese: it tastes like caramel
Susie: meh..
Reese: its something you can love or hate :)
Reese: there is no other option :)
Susie: i think i will hate it
Reese: just try before you will judge :)
Susie: okay :)
Susie: i think you are the one who loves it?
Reese: YES!!! :D
Reese: i will be very grateful if you will buy it for me :)
Summary: Susie will bring Reese brunost from Norway. She's going there next week. Reese loves brunost, which is a brown cheese that tastes like caramel.
Dialogue: Terence: We should buy some more candles for the party
Alfons: could you get them on the way home?
Mia: I'm at the supermarket
Mia: any special type?
Anette: I like those from Ikea very much
Mia: I'm not at Ikea, but I believe it's not so important if they are red or pink
Anette: true, just buy something blue or blueish 
Mia: ok!
Summary: Mia is going to buy some candles for the party. Anette suggests they are in blue shades.
Dialogue: Artur: <file_photo>
Artur: this is for the deposit. I have to pay asap because  there is a lot of students on it..
Dad: ok, pay him then
Artur: i'll try to do it tomorrow
Dad: don't wait to long
Artur: as it's a deposit, I'll make a bank transfert 
Dad: ok good luck. Don't forget to give mum your fight number for Warsaw
Artur: <file_photo>
Dad: thanks
Artur: in fact i can't pay the deposit i  don't have  enough money on my account
Dad: you should  have check before...
Artur: sorry dad
Dad: Do a  transfert from your saving account to your current  account. Tomorrow the money will be available, you could  do the payment. 
Artur: ok i'll try tomorrow
Dad: do the transfer from your saving account right now, please.
Artur: ok ok.. i'll do it. by the way , i have some results for my exams
Dad: good news?
Artur: yep..; so far I passed 10 out of 13 exams.
Dad: that's very good news. Let's hope the last 3 would be ok. Good job
Artur: thanks  dad
Summary: Artur will make a bank transfer for the deposit tomorrow. He has also sent his dad his flight number to Warsaw. So far Artur has passed 10 out of 13 exams. 
Dialogue: Grace: girls, watch this
Grace: <file_video>
Margaret: Hahahahah
Susan: omg, he's so funny :D:D
Grace: and another one
Susan: loooool
Susan: cats are so adorable
Margaret: *.*
Susan: i want this cat in my house!!
Margaret: Thats the cutest thing I've ever seeeeeeen <33
Grace: it made my day
Grace: and I felt I have to share it with sb
Margaret: :))
Summary: Grace, Margaret and Susan are watching a video with an adorable cat. They all love it.
Dialogue: Cynthia: Brett, think I saw you at the mall today
Brett: just got back. where'd you see me?
Cynthia: in the Vans store
Chelsea: lol, he never wants to shop with us
Brett: i went with my little brother
Chelsea: yeah right
Summary: Brett was shopping at Vans store with his little brother. Cynthia spotted him there.
Dialogue: Makayla: <file_other>
Makayla: What happened to this place? Are they closing down the hotel too?
Harold: The hotel has already been closed down. The restaurant will shut down on Sunday. It has been going bad for a while now unfortunately 
Makayla: That's very sad news. I loved that place
Harold: Yeah, it's sad
Makayla: I had no idea
Summary: The hotel has been closed down. The restaurant will be closed on Sunday. 
Dialogue: Tyler: <file_photo>
Maria: WTF? What is this?
Tyler: That's our dinner
Maria: It wasn't black in the morning…
Tyler: I left it in the oven and forgot :(
Maria: Whatever, I'll buy some pizza on my way home
Summary: Tyler left the dinner in the oven so it burnt. Maria is going to buy some pizza instead.
Dialogue: Elsa: where are you?
Tina: in class!! where the hell are you ? you know it was such an important lecture
Elsa: i know ... i woke up late.. please record lecture in your phone ... not feeling like coming now!!
Tina: F off!!! would record it...
Summary: Tina is at the lecture right now. Elsa woke up late and won't come to class now. Elsa asks Tina to record the lecture. 
Dialogue: Henrik: guess what your mother textd me
Emily: i don't trust that woman lol
Emily: what did she send you????
Henrik: PICTURES OF YOU AS A CHILD!!!
Henrik: HAHAHAHAHAHA
Henrik: that's an evil laugh btw
Emily: oh no oh no oh no oh no
Emily: pleaseeeeeeee don't send them to anyone else
Emily: please don't!!!!
Henrik: hahhaha don't worry about it
Henrik: you were adorable… what happened to you?
Emily: oh shut up
Summary: Emily's mother sent old pictures of Emily to Henrik.
Dialogue: Kate: I've checked the price
Lia: and?
Kate: it's 37$ for a 1-day pass
Margaret: what? that's not cheap
Kate: but it's a huge archaeological site
Kate: there're also other options
Margaret: namely?
Kate: 3-day pass and 7-day pass
Stella: hmm, but can we stay that long?
Kate: 3 days we can afford
Margaret: what is the price?
Kate: 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72
Margaret: crap, the difference between 3 and 7 is nothing
Lia: quite mean
Summary: The prices for the archeological site are: 37$ for a 1-day pass, 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72.
Dialogue: Martina: Hey! Want to grab a coffee today?
Evie: Sure, I was just thinking the same thing!
Evie: The usual spot? :)
Martina: Of course
Evie: 5?
Martina: Sure, see you there!!!
Summary: Martina and Evie will have a coffee together at 5 at the usual place. 
Dialogue: Chuck: What do you want?
Maya: Nothing
Chuck: Chocolate?
Maya: I hate you.
Chuck: With raisins?
Maya: -_-
Chuck: Good, on my way ;p
Summary: Chuck is on his way to visit Maya.
Dialogue: Mary: hi
Morrie: hello
Mary: i have a problem
Morrie: what's happened?
Mary: my period is not regular last time
Mary: and when it comes it's terrible
Morrie: have you told about it to your doc?
Mary: not yet
Morrie: why?
Mary: im afraid she will tell my mom im not a virgin any more
Morrie: she doesnt know?
Mary: of course no!
Morrie: dont worry, yiur doc cant tell her
Summary: Mary's problem is that her period has been irregular lately. Mary hasn't told about that to a doctor yet as she's afraid that the doctor'll tell Mary's mother that she's been deflowered.
Dialogue: Howard: I'm here now.
Stephanie: I can't see you, whereabouts are you?
Howard: Standing at the top of the stairs at the station
Howard: Are you at the other side?
Stephanie: Oh, sorry, I'm across the street
Stephanie: Give me two mins and I'll be there
Howard: Cool
Summary: Howard is waiting at the top of the stairs. Stephanie has to cross the street. Stephanie will see Howard in two mins. 
Dialogue: Joona: Hi, have you arrived to Stockholm?
Jenny: not yet, we decided to stay a few days in Mariehamn
Tim: Aland Islands are really beautiful, you should come here
Joona: nice! enjoy!
Summary: Jenny haven't arrived to Stockholm yet. They decided to stay for a few days in Mariehamn. Tom suggests Aland Islands.
Dialogue: Blake: guess what!  I met aunt Lola last evening
Blake: you won't believe it how well she looked :D
Bella: haha, how is she doing nowadays?
Blake: well, she's getting divorced from husband no.4
Blake: she met a new love of her life
Blake: 37 yo gentleman named Francois XD
Bella: Lord, how old is auntie Lola now? Like 65?
Blake: 66 to be exact
Bella: she's always been eccentric
Bella: I remember all the stories mum was talking about
Blake: yeah, but srsly she looked lovely and blooming
Blake: perhaps this sort of life just suits her :)
Bella: I doubt that, but whatever tickles her pickle :D
Blake: <file_gif>
Summary: Blake met with aunt Lola, 66, last night. She is getting divorced for the fourth time and married to a 37-year-old Francois.
Dialogue: Jules: Anyone has my sociology book?
Cameron: I had it, I mean I borrowed it, but passed it on
Elon: To me:D
Jules: either way, I need it back, like asap 
Elon: hm, I can meet you up somewhere on the subway line, sounds good? 
Jules: Sure, Centre, in 30 min
Summary: Jules needs her sociology book as soon as possible. Elon will give it back to her. They will meet up at the Centre subway line in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Norma: Jesse, what's going on
Jesse: what do u mean
Norma: I know I saw you at the mall earlier today
Norma: and I know you saw me too
Norma: yet you ignored me?? why?
Jesse: what? thats impossible
Jesse: im sick and ive been home all day
Norma: yeah right
Jesse: u can ask my mom if u dont believe me...
Jesse: ive spent the entire day in bed
Norma: huh... really. then what, are you telling me it was your doppelganger?
Jesse: idk maybe? they say everyones got one after all
Summary: Jesse is sick and she's been home all day. Norma thinks that she saw her earlier at the mall and that Jesse ignored her.
Dialogue: Jay: Hi guys, are you at Tiki Bikini Hut?
Tommy: sure, as always
Bill: will you join us?
Jay: I'm not in Nassau today
Bill: but where?
Jay: Staniard Creek, I have to deal with some tourists here
Josh: Jay, we've been actually discussing the federation idea :P
Jay: again?
Josh: I think it's a never ending subject. And I'm the only one still believing it would be possible, I need your support
Jay: honestly? I think Turks and Caicos will rather join Canada than the Bahamas
Bill: Exactly, they will join anything but The Bahamas, even Hell
Jay: sorry Josh, I agree with Bill. 
Josh: so we should conquer them! hahaha
Jay: wouldn't work either 😂
Summary: Tommy and Bill are at Tiki Bikini Hut in Nassau. Jay is in Staniard Creek.
Dialogue: Peter: I'm reading the news about ecoterrorism
Peter: And I come to conclusion that if Earth is ever haunted by zombie apocalypse
Max: Not likely though
Peter: If zombie apocalypse happened, there would be zombie activist all over the world to take care about zombie rights.
Max: hahha. Sounds like modern liberalism :D
Max: Well. Maybe there would be zombie activists.
Max: As well as vampire trade unions :D
Peter: Hahaha. Night shifts only ;)
Max: <file_gif>
Summary: Peter is reading about ecoterrorism and has thoughts about the future of humankind.
Dialogue: Sandra: I've got pms and I'm so hangry!
Sue: hah, same here:D
Sue: i could be eating and eating today
Sue: I've just had fish fingers and a banana and I'm still hungry
Sandra: what???? o_O??
Sandra: fish fingers and a banana?
Sandra: maybe u're pregnant?
Sue: hah, nope, I don't think so...
Sue:  I can anything these days...
Sandra: me2 and then I'm getting more and more swallen
Sandra: actually  I look like a pig today day and my face is so round <file_gif>
Sandra: Tom wanted to meet but I refused...
Sue: wise choice:D 
Sue: u know what? maybe it was not the best choice to eat fish and a banana...
Sue: I want to puke now...
Sandra: sounds like a plan ^^
Sue: fuck u bitch!
Sandra: or u can drink some mint, it always help me
Sue: ok, i'll try, thx
Sue: anyway, I need to rest now, bb l8er
Summary: Sandra has PMS and is not feeling well. She canceled her meeting with Tom. Sue has eaten a banana and fish fingers and is feeling nauseous. Sandra thinks drinking mint might help.
Dialogue: James: hows the weather by the way its blumin freezing right now
Mia: It's snowing on my side :D How are the dogs? 🙂
James: lucky well im missing the ends of one of my shoe laces, but generally theyre great absolute nut cases but its fun
Mia: When you start gushing about them, the you'll know that they're truly part of the family :P
James: your elcome to come see them any time, and now its time to go for a walk and freeze
Mia: (whilst singing "Walking in a Winter Wonderland")
James: Hahaha!! <file_photo>
Summary: James's dogs are well. Mia is allowed to see them any time.
Dialogue: John: Every day some bad news. Japan will hunt whales again
Erica: Yes, I've read this. It's very upsetting
John: Cruel Japanese
Faith: I think this is a racist remark. Because Island and Norways has never joined this international whaling agreement
Erica: really? I haven't known, everybody is so outraged by Japan
Faith: sure, European hypocrisy 
John: not entirely. Scandinavians don't use the nets that Japanese use, so Norway and Island kill much less specimens that Japan will
Faith: oh, it's much more complex than one may expect
John: True, but the truth is, that all of them should stop
John: and this decision is a step back
Faith: yes, this is worrying
Erica: And it seems that the most important whaling countries are out of the agreement right now
Faith: yes, seems so
John: Just like USA leaving the Paris Agreement
Summary: Japan is going to hunt whales again. Island and Norway never stopped hunting them. The Scandinavians kill fewer whales than the Japanese.
Dialogue: Sally: Thanks for coming.
Edie: Thanks for having me.
Sally: Our pleasure. Visit us more often.
Edie: Whenever I am in the neighbourhood. 
Sally: Be careful on the road.
Edie: Till next time.
Summary: Edie visited Sally.
Dialogue: Father: Look, Marianna, Leon just asked me to help him with his maths tomorrow. Is it ok if I come in the afternoon?
Father: What time is Leon back from school tomorrow?
Marianna: Hello dad, it's perfectly ok. I'll be at home.
Marianna: He should be back around 4.
Father: See you tomorrow then.
Marianna: CU
Summary: Tomorrow Leon will be home at around 4. Father will come help him with math.
Dialogue: Miles: Did Dax get a hold of you this morning?
Rick: No, why?
Miles: Oh, he said he was going to call you about the tour.
Rick: Uh oh...
Miles: No, it's fine, he just wants a certain week off. We need him that week!
Rick: We'll see. Depends on the week.
Miles: Fingers crossed. I know you get first dibs!
Rick: I would hope so.
Miles: I can't hope to match what you pay him, so...
Rick: He deserves it.
Miles: I know, it's fine.
Rick: Just making sure its not a sore spot.
Miles: It's not!
Rick: Okay.
Summary: Dax is going to call Rick about a tour. He wants a certain week off, while Miles needs him that week.
Dialogue: Alan: Hi mate
Ian: Hey
Alan: Are you on night shift tomorrow?
Ian: No, lucky me
Alan: Ok
Summary: Ian is not on the night shift tomorrow.
Dialogue: John: Could you buy a set of forks for me at IKEA?
James: LOL, set of forks?
John: <file_photo> this
Patt: no problem!
John: thanks!
Summary: James will buy a set of forks at IKEA on John's request.
Dialogue: Adam: Hello, do you serve coffee with lactose-free milk?
Vanessa: Hello Adam, yes, we do. In our offer you'll find soy milk, almond milk and oat milk.
Adam: Thank you so much for your quick answer! Can I book a table then? Tomorrow at 12?
Vanessa: Of course, thank you for choosing us :)
Summary: Adam books a table in Vanessa's café for tomorrow at 12 PM. 
Dialogue: Patrick: Dear Harry, could you present something in our seminar in May?
Harry: Sure, I would be honoured! 
Patrick: Do you have any idea what it could be?
Harry: I am currently working on the Troubles in Northern Ireland. I could talk about violence.
Patrick: Perfect! That would match our general topic.
Harry: It's what I thought.
Patrick: We're focusing more on the state violence: army, police and we're paying a lot of attention to the gender aspect, especially different construction of masculinities.
Harry: I see.
Patrick: Do you think you could do something like that?
Harry: Sure, I cannot think about a better case study than Northern Ireland.
Patrick: Great! Do you know Sean Brady from Birckbeck University?
Harry: Sure I know his work, although I have never met him.
Patrick: His works will be very helpful for you
Harry: Yes, they have already been.
Patrick: And I want to present you to Sean after the seminar
Harry: That would be very nice of you.
Patrick: ok, let's be in touch here
Harry: Of course, have a good day.
Summary: Harry is going to present something  in Patrick's seminar in May. Seminar main topic is state violence. Patrick will introduce Harry to Sean Brady after the seminar. 
Dialogue: John: Did you go to the art history lecture today?
Mick: Yes. Boring as as always.
John: Yep! What did Miss Wankpuffin teach today?
Mick: Street Art and Banksy... 
John: Wha???!!!! No Way!
Mick: No, I'm dead serious dude 
John: Twatwaffle covering Banksy and street art??!!! 
Mick: Yep.
John: You're having me on, right? She probably covered the Dutch Masters or something like that again.
Mick: Nope. She made us watch Exit Through the Gift Shop and then discuss it in class.
John: So the only time that I don't go to one of her boring lectures she actually does something interesting. Whoa! Fuckety Fuck! 
Mick: LOL maybe you should stop going then ... ;-)
John: LMFAO!
Summary: Today at the art history lecture, the class was watching "Exit through the Gift Shop". Then they proceeded to discussion about Banksy's art. 
Dialogue: Ross: Hey, I just saw an ad about the skating rink opening.
Justine: Hey, which one?
Ross: The one @ the National Stadium :)
Justine: So we should open our skating season soon! :)
Ross: Yeah, maybe this w/e?
Justine: Count me in :)
Ross: On their website u can purchase a season pass.
Justine: Is it worth buying the pass rather than single tickets?
Ross: Yup, 1 entry is 20$.
Ross: And 1 entry is 75mins.
Ross: Whereas the pass costs 150$ for 10 entries, but OFC u have 2 pay in advance.
Justine: When does the season end?
Justine: Is the pass valid for the entire season?
Ross: It lasts 6 months, so until March. 
Ross: Yes, the pass is valid 4 the entire season.
Justine: OK, that's a good deal.
Justine: I wonder if they acknowledge the Multisport card.
Ross: I thought u didn't have it.
Justine: I ended up getting it mid-year. 
Ross: Nice.
Justine: We had the possibility to change our benefit options @ work.
Justine: So I exchanged the lunch funding for the card.
Ross: Great, so you have an additional 10% off :)
Ross: U can buy the pass online & enter your card number 2 receive the 10% discount.
Ross: <file_other> it says here that they validate the card before the first entry.
Justine: Wonderful, I'll buy the pass online & we can start skating this w/e.
Ross: Awesome, I'll buy mine 2!
Justine: Then we just have to sharpen our skates and were ready to go!
Ross: That's it, see you at the rink :)
Justine: See u there! :)
Summary: Ross and Justine will buy a season pass to the ice rink at the National Stadium.
Dialogue: Tyree: But to be honest I like the power to order
Carleigh: 😉
Carleigh: No one will ever give me orders
Tyree: In any situation?
Carleigh: In life, never
Tyree: Even if that person is holding you into the wall and grabbing your hair from the back
Carleigh: Hahahhah
Tyree: You..! 😉
Carleigh: Me?
Tyree: You don't like does things ?
Carleigh: Depends
Tyree: On what
Carleigh: On my mood
Summary: Tyree likes to order. Carleigh usually does not like to be told what to do.
Dialogue: Martin: <file_other>
Suzie: hiya, thanks. Beautiful! do you happen to know how much?
Martin: hola - 2200 plus bills 100 per month plus 160 for upc (tv and internet) plus deposit 2200
Suzie: :-O
Martin: I fucking laughed my socks off when i heard that :'-D :-O
Suzie: Exactly
Martin: hell no. and the argument that it is close to the centre doesn't really convince me... :'-D
Suzie: i prefer to rent a room in the outskirts and save the rest for my own flat
Martin: and travel on the citizen card. hey let's grab a coffe or somethin
Suzie: i travel with an open app and buy a ticket when there's a control :D haha
Suzie: yes we can, are you still in da city? when are those premieres?
Martin: yeah still here :D its in a moth, babe! :D
Suzie: get me a ticket :P
Martin: we'll see. I thought we could go now to the national, tosca, carmen etc
Suzie: when?
Summary: Martin found details of a residence which he feels is overpriced. Martin invites Suzie for a coffee as he is still in the city. 
Dialogue: Carl: can't talk now im in the theatre, sth urgent?
Sophie: nope, will call u 2morrow.
Carl: kk ;-)
Summary: Carl can't talk since he's in the theatre.
Dialogue: Sam: Hey, guys! Read this: <file_other>
Lonnie: What's this?
Randy: I've read it yesterday! That's so great!
Sam: Turns out Superheroes aren't that dumb after all!
Lonnie: Duh! U don't have to tell me this!
Randy: No, but now we have proof!
Lonnie: What proof?
Sam: Well, according to the article if u read comic books, graphic novels or watch films about superheroes, u become a better person!
Lonnie: I must be a saint then!
Randy: Lol. Me too!
Summary: Watching or reading about superheroes makes you a better person. Sam, Lonnie and Randy are fans of fiction about superheroes.
Dialogue: Hank: are you at the post office?
Laura: yes, i'm shipping some packages
Hank: YES! can you please get some stamps for me?
Laura: sure! how many?
Hank: 4 packs of 10 each please :-D you're the best
Summary: Laura's at the post office and agrees to get Hank the stamps he's asking for.
Dialogue: Greg: Hey whats up bro
Ron: its cool, 's up?
Greg: i didnt cu last night, u ok dude?
Ron: yeah im alright mate, i should of called u, but been BUSY
Greg: whaddya mean BUSY, too busy to go for a few beers with the team?
Ron: BUSY is BUSY, if u no what i mean ^^
Greg: tell me
Ron: remeber this gal from the club?
Greg: the blonde big eyes?
Ron: noo, the brunette big eyes haha
Greg: ah yeah, shes fit
Ron: shes hotttt
Greg: what about her?
Ron: we met by accident in the mall ;)
Greg: is it the bad romance?
Ron: she awesome bro
Greg: (Y)
Ron: its gonna be big mate :D :D :D
Greg: dont do this to us dude!! haha
Ron: so you see, thats why bruva :D
Greg: i get it, you fell for her hard, you never missed a gang night!
Ron: shes awesome mate 
Summary: Ron did not come to a gang night. Ron was busy, because he met in the mall the brunette with big eyes that he remembered from the club.
Dialogue: Mia: We almost got scammed in Bangkok!!
Jack: What happened???
Jack: Is everything ok??
Mia: Yes, all is good. We got our money back.
Mia: So we got approached by a "friendly" stranger on the street who presented himself as a teacher and built our trust by telling family stories.
Mia: Then he recommended us some tourists attractions i.e. The Happy Buddha and some "excellent" tailors, where they had the "last day of promotion" he stopped a tuktuk for us and verified the driver's license (another trick to build our trust).
Mia: The tuktuk took us to the happy Buddha. 
Mia: When we entered the temple we were approached by a very friendly "Buddhist prayer".
Mia: He said that he worked in London for the Thai trade mission.
Mia: He asked us what were our plans for the day and recommended that we went to the tailors showing us a few pictures of clothing that he "ordered" there for him and his wife. 
Mia: The tuktuk took us to the tailors were a pushy seller persuaded us to buy some clothes of "very good quality". 
Mia: As soon as we paid the tuktuk took us to the next tourist attraction but on the way we read the reviews on Google maps and we realised that we were scammed.
Mia: The reviewers were saying that once they ordered the clothes they were never sent to their country as promised or the finishing was very bad, definitely not worth the money.
Jack: Oh shit!! And you already paid!!!!
Mia: Yeah. We felt horrible!!
Mia: We asked the driver to take us back but he refused. Of course, he already got his commission.
Mia: We ran back to the tailors. Fortunately it wasn't far. Within 10 minutes we were back. We told the pushy seller to cancel our order.
Mia: He said it was impossible because the fabric was already cut to our measurements. 
Mia: When we asked to see the cut fabric it was nowhere to be found, as it was already "sent to the factory". 
Mia: Then we said that we were going to call the police.
Mia: Only then he agreed to return us the money.
Jack: What a story!
Jack: I'm glad that you managed to get it back.
Mia: Yeah. It's like 1500 USD!
Summary: Mia got almost scammed in Bangkok at the tailor's, but luckily, having threatened the seller with police, she got her money back. 
Dialogue: Gregory: Will you be able to come to my birthday party on 6th January?
Mike: 6th?
Mike: Damn  man. I'm sorry. I'll be in Germany then.
Gregory: Germany?
Mike: We're going for a trade show to represent our company
Mike: Father asked me, my sister and my brother-in-law to represent our family business.
Mike: We're leaving on 3rd of January and return on 9th.
Gregory: Well, that's a shame.
Gregory: I counted you in already...
Gregory: I'll check with others if I can postpone it and make the party 1 week later.
Mike: Would be great,
Mike: Then I will surely be able to come.
Gregory: Will keep you updated
Mike: Thanks homie
Summary: Mike is travelling to Germany for business from the 3rd till the 9th of January. Gregory will try and postpone his birthday party one week so that Mike can join.
Dialogue: Mr. Smith: Good morning, Mr. Blackwell. Is our meeting still on?
Mr. Blackwell: Good morning, Mr. Smith. Of course.
Mr. Smith: Outstanding. Could we postpone it by half an hour?
Mr. Blackwell: Why?
Mr. Smith: I feel I won't be able to prepare the documents for you in time. We have a little emergency at the office.
Mr. Blackwell: Very well. Half an hour later it is.
Summary: Mr. Smith and Mr. Blackwell are going to meet half an hour later than planned.
Dialogue: Lilly: HII does David wear a medium still? like for a hoodie lol. starting to look for Christmas 
Susanna: hey sorry! I forgot to write you back! Edd id say small oh man Christmas its to soon! haha
Lilly: its ok! ugh I know its coming up so fast lol
Susanna: I haven't even thought about it but it will be here tomorrow haha
Lilly: right!
Susanna: tho when I come back for Christmas I wanna get a tattoo
Lilly: OMG YES what ya want?
Susanna: I want a elephant but very simple 
Lilly: ohh right you told me this, I love it where?
Susanna: on my back but more on my shoulder 
Lilly: OMG yes I love, thats where my wave is but a little higher 
Susanna: yeah I think its cute too! I think its a nice spot 
Lilly: depends on how big too
Susanna: right and I want it on the smaller side, so not so big 
Summary: Susanna will get an elephant tattoo on her shoulder when she comes back. 
Dialogue: John: can you explain me why I get mail addressed to you?
John: <file_photo>
Catherine: Hahaha
Catherine: Because our last names start with B?
John: Are you in Cambridge this week?
Catherine: I'm coming on Thursday
Catherine: We can meet if you want.
Catherine: Then you can handle me all my letters ;-)
Summary: John has received mail addressed to Catherine. They will meet in Cambridge on Thursday and he'll give her the letters.
Dialogue: Peter: What do you think, should I ask Mary out?
Jack: You can try 
Wojtek: Probably she will say no
Peter: Why?
Wojtek: She doesn't date guys from the office 
Peter: How do you know?
Wojtek: I asked her out once 
Wojtek: And this is what she told me
Jack: Maybe because it was you
Wojtek: Thanks 
Jack: I heard that she went out with Henry 
Jack: He's from the office too...
Peter: It's hard to compete with Henry... 
Summary: Wojtek asked Mary out once. She went out with Henry.
Dialogue: Michelle: Have you heard about the results of the election?
Olivier: Yeah, I have... I'm sort of disappointed, I didn't expect that. I mean... Maybe I just hoped it would be different.
Michelle: Yeah, I can't believe he won... And you know what's worse?
Olivier: Can there be anything worse than that...?
Michelle: My parents voted for him, too. I just... can't believe it. Why would they? How can they be so...
Olivier: Oh god... I'm so sorry, Michelle.
Michelle: They're so happy about the results but I just want to cry. I don't know if I can face them now. I feel like I don't want to know them. Maybe it will pass, but for now it's too soon.
Olivier: Do you want to come over? We could play something, I honestly just want to forget, too, so...
Michelle: Thanks, that sounds good, I really could use a distraction now... Then I'll text you when I leave home.
Olivier: I'll be waiting!
Summary: Michelle is disappointed by the results of the election, same as Olivier. Michelle is also appalled that her parents voted for him and are happy about the results. Olivier invited Michelle over and she agreed to come.
Dialogue: Abigail: How was i looking today?
Ethan: Absolutely Stunning. Where from did you get that haircut? <3
Abigail: My mom did that :/ :P
Summary: Abigail's mother gave her a haircut. Ethan likes it.
Dialogue: Jerry: Hello. I just wanted to write and ask, what time is training tomorrow?
Larry: Training starts at 6:30.
Jerry: Ok, because there's no information on the website.
Larry: Yeah, I'm aware of the problem. There were some issues earlier today.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Larry: You're welcome. Don't forget your clothes for dryland training later on.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Summary: Larry answers Jerry that tomorrow's training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry to take his clothes for dryland training which takes place later on.
Dialogue: James: Honey, I don't want you to freak out, but there's been a burglary
May: Oh my god! Where?!
James: At our place
May: OH MY GOD are you all right?!
May: Did they steal anything? What happened?
May: When?!
May: I'm coming back!
James: As I said I don't want you to freak it, the police's here, they're checking everything
James: You don't need to come back, everything's under control
May: But are you all right?
James: Yes, I'm absolutely fine. They stole the TV, couple of stuff from the kitchen and a laptop
May: How are the dogs? How come they didn't alarm you?
James: They're fine, they were sleeping with me in the bedroom. It's actually better they did, otherwise the burglars might have hurt them
May: Don't even tell me about it :(
May: What does the police say?
James: That there was definitely more than one burglar as they took the tv
James: It happened to the Smiths just last week, apparently some group is targeting our neighbourhood
May: That's terrible... Is the house going to be protected?
James: Uhm, what do you mean?
May: Well, the police should take watch and protect the house and the neighbourhood
James: Yeah, sure
May: What?
James: Honey, they’re here just to take my statement, look around and out they go
May: Aren’t they going to investigate it?
James: They will, but it’s a burglary, not a homicide and we’re not in any danger. They already stole what they wanted to
May: I want to come home
James: There’s no need for that, I’ve got this, you just relax
May: how am I supposed to relax now?!
James: There’s nothing you can do now, everything’s fine
Summary: Someone robbed James and May's place. They stole the TV, kitchen equipment and a laptop. The police is there and checks everything. The dogs didn't alarm James, because they were sleeping in the bedroom.
Dialogue: Daria: Girls, I'm feeling sick. I cannot come. Have fun!
Lydia: It's a pity! Hope you get better soon. 
Gabi: Take care. Let us know if you need something from the pharmacy.
Daria: Thanks. I just need to rest. It will pass. 
Summary: Daria can't join Lydia and Gabi, because she feels sick.
Dialogue: Simon: What's the dumbest proverb you can think of?
Alan: I don't know. Laughter is the best medicine?
Simon: Yeah, that's a good one. It's not exactly going to do much against bubonic plage is it?
Alan: Not really. Doctor, I have these swellings under my armpit! That's alright I'll tell you a joke.
Simon: Any more?
Alan: A stitch in time saves nine. I don't understand how you can stitch time in the first place, and why it should save nine instead of seven or eleven, for example.
Simon: That was the original title of the Outlander novel, you know?
Alan: What "A Stitch in Time saves Nine?"
Simon: No, just "A stitch in time". That was what Diana Gabaldon called it. Later on they changed the further issues of Book one to Outlander and called it the Outlander series and the TV shows were always just called Outlander.
Alan: About the best historical drama ever made, in my opinion. Really insightful about the eighteenth century. You can almosot feel as if you have lived in it.
Simon: I agree. The only better series I know is Breaking Bad, but that's a completely different genre.
Alan: Both BB and Outlander are hard to cast when it comes to genre. I would say they transcend genre. But you are right, they are very different. 
Simon: which do you like better?
Alan: I would still say that BB is the single best TV series ever made, and that by a wide margin. However, once you have seen it from beginning to end and you know what is coming, you don't want to watch it again.
Simon: Right. Whereas you can watch all the Outlander series several times just for the historical insight and the atmosphere as well as the artistic beauty of the scenes and cinematography.
Alan: Yes and Catriona Balfe
Simon: Indeed. There's nobody on Breaking Bad who quite equals her, is there?
Alan: I quite liked Marie Schrader and Jessie's girlfriend who chokes on her own vomit, but Skyler is not exactly my type:
Simon: No. And anyway none of them can hold a candle to Catriona. 
Alan: She's a gorgeous woman and a fantastic actress.  
Simon: She and Sam really bring the books to life.
Summary: Alan and Simon are fans of Breaking Bad and Outlander although they are different genres. The Outlander novel Dana Gabaldon used to be called "A stitch in time". Cationa Baife is an Outlander character. They think she is better than Marie Schrader, Skylar and Jessie's girlfriend from Breaking Bad.
Dialogue: Liam: The best eyeshadow palette?
Jack: Urban Decay 
Vicky: No way! Anastasia Beverly Hills is much better! 
Summary: Vicky and Jack advice Liam on the best eyeshadow palette. Vicky prefers Anastasia Beverly Hills, Jack's favourite is Urban Decay.
Dialogue: Matt: any homework for tomorrow?
Neil: let me check
Matt: no rush
Neil: actually none
Matt: that's great!
Neil: We have math test tho.
Matt: oh crap, that's not good
Neil: the material consists of 3 last classes so it's not that bad.
Matt: any idea how to prepare?
Neil: I would make some exercises from coursebook
Neil: It always pays off
Matt: I guess you're right
Matt: I hope I got enough time
Neil: you can handle it
Summary: Neil informs Matt that they do not have homework for tomorrow but there will be a maths test. He advises him to do some exercises from the course book in preparation. 
Dialogue: Derek: I'm downstairs
Andy: I'm coming
Patrick: I'm not going with you guys, I'm not feeling well 
Summary: Derek is waiting downstairs. Andy is joining him. Patrick feels sick, so he won't go.
Dialogue: Lisa: hey women!!! Loved your dressss 😍
Anna: thanksss i wasnt sure if it was fit for occasion
Lisa: it was perfectt... who designed it
Anna: i did 😎
Lisa: wow... you should open a boutique
Anna: lol yea right
Lisa: seriously you should think about it.. you will beat the big  brands..
Anna:😁 thanks will think about it.
Summary: Anna wore a dress she designed herself. Lisa liked it very much.
Dialogue: Albert: I've seen you're interested in that fb event
Albert: <file_other>
Leo: Yes, drinking beer and watching stand up, perfect evening!
Albert: You convinced me, see ya there!
Summary: Albert and Leo are going to a stand-up show they saw on Facebook.
Dialogue: Maya: hey
Maya: you here?
Chantal: hi my mouse!
Chantal: how are you?
Maya: got time for a catch up over the phone soon?
Maya: maybe this weekend?
Chantal: yes ok
Chantal: I'll be around on Saturday ;)
Maya: ❤️
Summary: Chantal and Maya will catch up over the phone on Saturday.
Dialogue: Andrea: where are you?
Tommy: we're at the boulevard along the river
Andrea: why there?
Colin: I've no idea, some people told us it's nice
Andrea: is it?
Colin: kinda cute, but also a bit strange, crowded
Andrea: is it safe?
Colin: this is the point, a lot of drunk people
Colin: some really drunk and aggressive
Tommy: somebody broke a glass bottle next to us shouting something in Polish
Tommy: not very pleasant
Andrea: so let's come back to the city and go to a normal club
Andrea: I wouldn't feel safe there
Colin: ok, we'll take the subway and let you know
Summary: Tommy and Colin are at the boulevard along the river. Tommy and Colin do not really like the place. Andrea offers to go to the club in the city instead.
Dialogue: Kate: Ali are you in Berlin already?
Ali: I think you have an unexpected guest
Kate: Unexpected but nice :)
Ali: I just arrived in Berlin
Simon: You are always welcome
Ali: I am going to take train to airport and wait there
Simon: I'm still at work :(
Kate: Me too
Ali: No problem at all. Im just saying hi
Kate: I'll pick you up around 9pm and we will go to have sushi. Is it ok for you? Or do you prefer to eat at home?
Simon: Kate I'll be ready at 8;15
Ali: Anything is excellent for me
Summary: Ali has just arrived in Berlin, but Simon and Kate are still at work, so they will pick him up later.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: Can you clean the kitchen?
Gabrielle: We're having guests tonight.
Lawrence: Are we?
Lawrence: Who's coming?
Gabrielle: My friends from the office.
Lawrence: Okay honey.
Gabrielle: Don't forget to clean the oven.
Lawrence: No problem.
Gabrielle: Thank you, you're the best. ❤️
Summary: Gabrielle's friends from the office are coming over tonight. Lawrence will clean the kitchen.
Dialogue: Jeremy: Hey sunshine, how was your day?
Lisa: quite hectic
Jeremy: I miss you so much
Lisa: me too :( I'll be back home this weekend so we can meet
Jeremy: I can't wait!
Summary: Lisa had a hectic day. She will be back home this weekend and she will meet Jeremy. 
Dialogue: Pascal: The school has just called me.
Wendy: Oh no, again!?
Pascal: yes, and again the same.
Wendy: How embarrassing.
Pascal: Oh, yes, believe me. This time they were not that understanding any more.
Wendy: Did he got into a fight again with somebody?
Pascal: Worse.
Wendy: What can be worse.
Pascal: The teacher said he was groping girls.
Wendy: No!!!! What's wrong with him???
Pascal: I have no idea.
Wendy: I'm afraid our methods don't work.
Pascal: They also said that if it happens again, we may have to look for a new school.
Wendy: I understand, this is serious. Is our son becoming some kind of disgusting pervert?
Pascal: We cannot think like this. I think he is troubled and he needs help.
Wendy: You're right. I just can't relate any more. It's horrible.
Pascal: We'll go together through this.
Summary: Wendy and Pascal's son has trouble at school. He was accused of groping girls. If it happens again, he might get expelled. Pascal thinks their son needs help.
Dialogue: Nina: Do you know what happened to Kate today? Why she was so sad and quiet? It's not like her! 
Holly: Yeah, I know. 
Nina: ???
Holly: It's about her boyfriend. 
Nina: Ah! They broke up?
Holly: Possibly. They had some kind of argument yesterady. That's what she told me.
Nina: Did she say what the argument was about?
Holly: She wasn't very clear about it. But, for some time already, I've suspected that this boyfriend of hers is a bit of a boozer. 
Nina: That's not a good news. 
Holly: Precisely. And I thingk Kate doesn't know what to do about it.
Nina: Well, that's now an easy subject. 
Holly: Maybe I'm wrong...
Nina: Did you go to a party with both of them?
Holly: I did, but I had to leave early. He was already quite drank when I was leaving at 10:00.
Nina: It doesn't mean anything. 
Holly: You're right, but few days after the party we met Kate, Ariel and me for a coffee and Ariel made some strange remark. I didn't notice it then, but now I think something must have happened at the party after I left. 
Nina: Do you think we should try talking to Nina?
Holly: I suppose so. Better to talk now, before things get worse.
Nina: True. Let's arrange a coffee together. 
Holly: Tomorrow? Around midday?
Nina: Fine. 
Summary: Kate probably broke up with her boyfriend as he drinks too much. He was drunk when Holly was leaving the party at 10. Holly and Nina want to meet Kate to talk about it around midday tomorrow.
Dialogue: Marcin: Why you're not picking up the phone?
Marcin: Mela calls me and complains that you're unavailable, what's wrong?
Sebastian: Dude... it's the worst hangover I've ever had...
Sebastian: All my attention is on the pains I have right now, can't focus on anything else
Marcin: Get a grip! It must be something important cuz she doesn't want to tell me anything
Sebastian: Fine, fine... I'm calling her right away
Summary: Mella calls Marcin because she can't contact Sebastian. Sebastian has a hangover. He is calling her.
Dialogue: Samantha: Do you have some free time today?
Anna: Why do you ask?
Samantha: I need to buy new running shoes.
Samantha: The old ones are completely destroyed
Summary: Samantha needs to buy new running shoes. Her old ones are completely destroyed.
Dialogue: Karen: hi, how are you? I havent heard from you for ages.
Sandy: oh hi!
Sandy: Im generally ok
Sandy: same job, and still no boyfriend
Karen: oh I see
Sandy: and how are you?
Karen: Ive changed my job recently, Im quite excited about it!
Sandy: wooow!
Karen: lets meet up for a coffee to catch up
Sandy: good idea! Maybe next week?
Karen: OK. Talk to you later! :) :*
Sandy: ok :*
Summary: Karen has changed her job recently. She wants to meet with Sandy next week.
Dialogue: Charlie: simple question, where can i find some dark chocolate?
Laurie: sorry but no idea
Laurie: i found some at Simply , have u been there?
Charlie: yes, i must be blind
Laurie: no.... i only found it yesterday. I assume there wasn't before.
Charlie: and i found an other brand today at tesco.
Charlie: <file_photo>
Charlie: i don't know if it's good, but  i'll try tonight with profiterolles
Laurie: wait for me.....could you give me the adress of tesco?
Charlie: <file_other>
Laurie: thanks, i will complete with Lidl near by
Charlie: Is it  a big one?
Laurie: not so big, but there is some nice products, that i don't find anywhere else
Charlie: will you give me a lift some days?
Laurie: ok ! i'll go there every friday morning after school
Charlie: i'll come next week
Laurie: why not tomorrow?
Charlie: i'm spending the week end in London with some friends
Laurie: so lucky...
Laurie: could i ask you to bring me some digestive and marmelade? 
Charlie: of course tell me me how many you want
Laurie: just one of each
Charlie: no problem
Laurie: you're so kind, thanks a lot
Summary: Charlie wants to buy some dark chocolate. He should look at Simply. Next Friday Laurie will give him a lift to Lidl, where she finds products she can't find anywhere else. He's spending this weekend in London with some friends. He'll bring Laurie some digestive and marmelade — one of each.
Dialogue: Nigel: I've just watched the first four episodes of True Detective, season 3
Brett: I've seen them
Charles: any thoughts?
Nigel: it's pretty good
Nigel: maybe not as good as the first season but still, enjoyable
Brett: I'd wait till all the eps are out, so far so good
Charles: well, seems like I have a new series on my list :D
Summary: Nigel and Brett have seen the first four episodes of True Detective's third season and they like them. Charles will watch this series too.
