Dialogue: Daisy: so u gonna have time tomorrow to go out and drink some?
Nicolas: Don't know yet
Daisy: Ok
Nicolas: So who's Rimini?
Daisy: What?
Nicolas: Are u in Rimini?
Daisy: Yes
Nicolas: Nice
Daisy: :)
Nicolas: Where are u staying ?
Daisy: I'm the hotel
Nicolas: John's there?
Daisy: No
Nicolas: Going out tonight?
Daisy: Yes. Why not
Nicolas: Ok
Daisy: U?
Nicolas: Yeah. Later
Daisy: Where u going?
Nicolas: I'm going for a beer.
Daisy: Nice. We can meet if u want
Nicolas: I'll be up town later if u come
Daisy: I'm staying near the station. And yeah. We gonna go out somewhere there also.
Summary: Daisy is staying in a hotel near the station in Rimini. She is going out tonight. Nicholas is going for a beer. They might meet up town later.
Dialogue: Dad:  Hello love can I pop over to collect my drill?
Sue: Hi dad, yes of course what are you drilling?
Dad: I just need to fix this bloody towel rail in the downstairs loo
Sue:  Well Im in all afternoon
Dad:  ok love I should be over for 3, will the boys be back from school?
Sue: Thomas will be but Harry is going to football practice straight from school
Sue: you can stay for tea if you like?
Dad: Can I let you know later love?
Sue: Yes of course see up after 3 xxx
Summary: Dad wants to come over to Sue's to collect his drill, which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs. Sue will be at home all afternoon. Dad will pop in at about 3. Thomas will be back from school then, and Harry will have football practice. Sue invites her dad for tea, he will let her know later.
Dialogue: Kelly: Hey, what are you doing tonight?
Claudia: Nothing much
Kelly: Are you studying all day?
Claudia: Pretty much :-/
Kelly: Wanna go to the movies?
Claudia: Hmm...maybe. Anything interesting out there?
Kelly: I feel like a dumb comedy. That new Johnny English movie is out. Wanna go see it?
Claudia: Sure, I've been cooped up in here for too long. I haven't seen the previous ones though.
Kelly: You don't need to, each one can stand on it's own.
Claudia: Ok, so where do you want to meet?
Kelly: Let's meet at Cloverdale mall at 5, then we'll check what time it's playing and eat something
Claudia: Ok, are you driving?
Kelly: No, I'll probably take the bus
Claudia: Ok, see ya
Kelly: see ya 
Summary: Kelly and Claudia are going to watch Johnny English. Kelly will meet Claudia at Cloverdale Mall at 5 so they can eat something first. Claudia is taking the bus. 
Dialogue: Willow: heyyyyyy
Hannah: heyyyy whats uppp
Willow: do you want to go to opener this June?
Hannah: hell to the yess 
Willow: then I think we should get tickets 
Hannah: ohh yeah thats a good idea 
Willow: should one of us get them and the other can just pay the other person 
Hannah: yeah that works with me
Willow: ok I can get them I have the page open 
Hannah: how much are they?
Willow: 200 for the full weekend 3-6
Hannah: ok my bank account will hate me but its fine haha 
Willow: im excitedddd the 1975 are going 
Hannah: no really?? I LOVE THEM 
Willow: me tooo thats my main reason for wanting to go hahaha
Hannah: ok im more excited more hahaah
Willow: right?? haha
Hannah: is anyone else going to come?
Willow: I was thinking about inviting max...
Hannah: wait really??
Willow: yeah what do u think?
Hannah: gurl do it hahaha fucking do it haha
Willow: I have to think haha it may be to much aha
Hannah: not at all I say do it do it 
Willow: XD XD 
Summary: Willow will buy the tickets for Opener festival for her and Hannah. She will pay her back later. The 1975 are going to play. Willow wants to invite Max.
Dialogue: Emily: Are you at home?
Josh: Yes, why?
Emily: I will be there in 2 mins
Summary: Emily will be at Josh's in 2 minutes.
Dialogue: Grace: movies still on?
Jacob: sure, 8 pm right?
Grace: 7:30 :)
Jacob: see you!
Summary: Grace and Jacob are going to the movies at 7.30 pm.
Dialogue: Neil: I've beed digging through old photos
Neil: Look what I've found
Neil: <file_photo>
Jerry: Hahahaha. It's us in China. God damn it was so long ago!
Jerry: I wish we repeated that trip.
Neil: Yeah. Me too. :)
Summary: Neil sends Jerry a photo from their trip to China. Jerry and Neil wish to repeat the trip.
Dialogue: Rosalie: should I make the spaghetti spiced?
Trent: ofc :)
Rosalie: ok
Summary: Rosalie will make spiced spaghetti.
Dialogue: Matt: you should take a look at this article:
Matt: <file_other>
Robert: what is it about?
Matt: WWII, Pacific Campaign
Robert: sounds interesting
Matt: you did like the TV series
Robert: of course
Robert: I'll take a look at it when I'll have time
Matt: it's not very detailed but it points you towards some great sources
Robert: I still have two books I bought that I didn't have the time to read
Robert: it will only end in me buying more and not having the time to read them :P
Matt: someday you will ;)
Robert: I hope so
Robert: right now I just play some documentaries in the background
Robert: so I can listen to them while doing other stuff
Matt: do you even remember anything from that?
Robert: surprisingly yes
Robert: of course it's not the same as reading a book or actually watching the whole thing
Robert: but it's still better than nothing!
Matt: can't really argue with that
Robert: then don't :P
Matt: I wasn't going to :)
Matt: anyway just take a look at the article when you'll have the time
Matt: I think you'll enjoy it
Robert: I will
Robert: thanks!
Summary: Matt sent Robert an article about WWII, Pacific Campaign. Robert will look at it when he will have more time. 
Dialogue: Simon: I thought of the same thing...
Simon: People who want a kid for a day...& and parents who want a day off...
Danie: <file_gif>
Simon: But 'Rent a Kid' can be misconstrued... 😱Best leave it there!🙈🙊
Simon: <file_gif>
Tom: Yeah... and I'm pretty sure most parents are funny about lending their kids out to strangers...
Simon: Though I still suggest it to Becky when one of them kicks off... 
Simon: I get the angry face and the idea gets shelved for the next tantrum. 
Simon: Now in worried, if the tantrum is really bad and Bex says yes... what to do!?! ...lol
Danie: call me 😜
Simon: I will 😊
Tom: <file_gif>
Summary: Simon, Danie and Tom discuss the "Rent a Kid" initiative whereby people take care of someone else's children for one day.
Dialogue: Laila: The exhibition is open from 10 AM to 3 PM.
Kristel: Ok, so we can go there before the science center.
Laila: Do you think it makes sense? Culture and art and then science? Two completely different things
Kristel: Hmm I think it’s okay, then there will be something for everyone, you know kids are usually bored, but here most of them will be happy at least about the part of the trip.
Laila: I bet they’ll be the most interested in pizza and the cinema ;)
Kristel: Eh of course, kids are kids, you can’t do anything about it.
Laila: Anyway, how will we organize the restaurant? They said there will be two groups, one for meat, one without it, we could spit to manage it.
Kristel: Ok, we’ll figure it out on our way there.
Laila: For me the cinema will be the worst part; so difficult to look after them and control them somehow ;)
Kristel: Kids are terrible, but I still love this job. At times when they are sooo adorable and I live for those moments.
Laila: I agree, I love being a teacher. Still, it happened that I cried in the toilet.
Kristel: Oh, I’m sorry, it must have been difficult to you.
Laila: It was, I asked the headmaster to change the group… He said that no one wants to work with them ;p
Kristel: I like such groups, I love challenges!
Laila: So ask him about them, I don’t think he’s found anyone else.
Kristel: I will! Anyway, ses you tomorrow :]
Laila: See you, goodnight.
Summary: Laila and Kristel are teachers taking children to the exhibition and then to the science centre. They will also take them to a pizza place and cinema. Laila doesn't like taking care of kids at the movies. 
Dialogue: Jeremy: <file_link>
Crystal: <3
Jeremy: we’re signing up tonight!
Crystal: yeah we just need to talk to sb from the group
Crystal: so we don’t end up on our own
Jeremy: oh fuck it;D
Crystal: u know I’d prefer to have sb to talk to at the table
Crystal: apart from u, of course ;*
Crystal: oh and then I can wear the new dress! pefect :D
Jeremy: u can wear it to the classes as soon as you finish it :D
Crystal: I’m still wondering whether to sew it or not
Jeremy: u considering buying it?
Crystal: not quite. I was rather thinking I would just wear the old one :D
Jeremy: well sewing doesn’t cost u anything, guess it’s worth a try
Crystal: the fabric is 100
Jeremy: ooh I thought you had some in your stash
Crystal: no, remember this photo i showed u?
Crystal: <file_link>
Crystal: red on black
Crystal: <file_link>
Crystal: that’s blue on black
Crystal: they also have black on black
Jeremy: blue is nice
Jeremy: but red and black are also ok
Crystal: u think blue?
Crystal: I thought maybe red…  thought i should go wild ;D
Crystal: but then i’ll need to look perfect, u know, everybody staring 
Jeremy: u always look perfect ;*
Crystal: oooh <3 :*
Jeremy: take red then ;D
Summary: Crystal and Jeremy are signing up tonight. Crystal will wear the new dress.
Dialogue: Zoe: Hey everyone! Hope it's all going well. I'm planing a Jesus formal for next Wednesday (21st). Let me know if you fancy it and I'll books you in :)
Zoe: I've got Tom, Richard and Helen confirmed so far :D
Helen: Tom, when did you get back?! :)
Tom: Back on Friday! Very excited to be no longer in the motherland :D
Zoe: You'll tell us all about it on Wednesday.
Tom: :D
Anne: Count me also in for the formal. 
Summary: Zoe is planning a Jesus formal for Wednesday 21st. Tom, Richard, Helen and Anne will join. 
Dialogue: Josh: Hey, Mike
Josh: How's your new job?
Mike: It's okay
Jay: You're designing for this friend of mine?
Mike: Yeah
Mike: He seems reasonable
Jay: he is
Jay: You can ask him any details
Jay: He will help you
Mike: good to know, mate
Mike: I'm also finishing my previous project
Mike: So I'm swamped
Josh: shame
Josh: wanted to grab a beer this afternoon with both of you
Mike: I won't make it
Jay: me neither
Jay: next Tuesday?
Josh: seems okay
Mike: I'll do my best
Jay: we're confirm later on this week
Summary: Mike is designing for Jay's friend and finishing his previous project. Jay and Josh will probably see Mike next Tuesday. Jay will confirm later on this week. 
Dialogue: Dan: Hey, how's life?
Dorothy: Not bad, not bad. Yours?
Dan: I can't complain. Just bought this autobiography of Margaret Thatcher that literally cost me ONE POUND
Dorothy: Quite a socialist price
Dan: A communist prices I would say
Dorothy: Are you enjoying yourself?
Dan: Very much so. Although I must say I was expecting it to be a much funnier read. Instead, there is page after page of FACTS, which can really get tedious. A few pages on the Falklands, but that's rather irrelevant as a source. 
Dorothy: I see... Look, I swear I AM interested in how boring Thatcher's autobiography is, but can't really talk rn. Will call you later?
Dan: Ha ha, sure, anytime you want
Dorothy: Cool. Talk to you later then
Dan: Toodles
Summary: Dan bought a monotonous Thatcher's autobiography at one pound with some useless informations.
Dialogue: Kama: <file_photo>
Leila: Cool
Kama: Open the file to see the big picture ;)
Kama: Happy St. Nichola's Day
Leila: Ooo :(
Leila: Thx to u too
Leila: We had a nice start with the gifts very early :D
Kama: Us too
Summary: St. Nicholas Day started well for Leila.
Dialogue: Lorry: I'm running 10 min late..
Tereza: Ok dear, we are waiting in the main car park
Lorry: Is Tony coming along?
Tereza: Yes he just arrived
Lorry: Ok
Lorry: See you soon!
Summary: Tereza is waiting with Tony at the main car park. Lorry will be 10 minutes late.
Dialogue: Noah: Manchester United is playing today!
Reece: I know! Wanna watch the game at the pub?
Noah: My toughts exactly! See you there
Reece: Cya later!
Summary: Noah and Reece are watching Manchester United at the pub today.  
Dialogue: Lea: Hi darling, good luck for packing all your stuff. Don't forget to make your registration on both flights.
Meg: thanks mum, but i don't have the app for  that
Lea: it's easy, just download the Air France app on you mobile.
Meg: done, and now?
Lea: enter your flight number VVIHC2 for the Caracas Amsterdam and then the BGRYU8 for Amsterdam Toulouse.
Meg: do i need an ID?
Lea: yes it's your flying blu number 
Meg: i'll do it rn
Lea: registration on line is open.. do it now
Meg: done, bt the i cannot register for the second flight
Lea: that's normal, registration will open only 24h before departure. It will be open only at 6pm.
Meg: i see, this is my boarding card
Meg: <file_photo>
Lea: ok, don't forget to do the same for the second flight this afternoon.
Meg: I will, bt what about my luggage? Will they travel straight to  Toulouse?
Lea: yes they will, but when you arrive at the airport check at the desk.
Meg: I'll ask
Lea: the two files have been linked, just make sure.
Meg: I ve done my second registration
Lea: fine! when are u leaving?
Meg: in two hours for the train station and then the bus to the airport
Lea: Have a nice flight. See you tomorrow, i'm so happy
Meg: me too. 
Summary: Meg made a registration for both her flights: VVIHC2 for the Caracas Amsterdam and BGRYU8 for Amsterdam Toulouse. She is leaving in two hours for the train station and then she's taking the bus to the airport. 
Dialogue: Ola: Hey guys :) just reminding all of you that its Kuba's birthday on 11th and we should organize some surprise :)
Maja: Each of us should write a few pages of this thesis?
Ola: I also want a surprise like that! xd
Anna: Come for a Sunday evening at our place, I will prepare something ;)
Maja: Awesome! Are we buying some gift for him?
Anna: Alcohol will be perfect :)
Summary: It's Kuba's birthday on 11th. Ola, Maja and Anna are preparing some surprise for him at Anna's. They are buying alcohol for him.
Dialogue: Mary: Girls, you know anyone who does nice make ups?
Alex: I might, but she's pretty busy
Mary: how busy?
Alex: I think she does some commercial stuff now, on sets and etc
Mary: No harm in giving her a call
Kate: I know a girl, my sis is pretty good, and cheap
Mary: Great! I'll call her too
Summary: Mary is looking for someone who does good make ups. Alex recommends someone who works at some commercial stuff. Kate recommends her sister. Mary will call both of them.
Dialogue: Lia: Are you flying from Roma Ciampino?
John: no, Fiumicino
Kim: why?
Lia: good, much better connections
Summary: John is flying from the Roma Fiumicino airport.
Dialogue: Terry: Hello everyone, I started this group, because I have an announcement to make.
Louis:  Terry? Is everything all right?
Terry: Gina and I are getting a divorce, so we’ve been advised not to contact in writing.
Jane: What?! You are doing what?!
May: I’m so sorry Terry :(
Louis: But what’s the deal with no contact?
Terry: Our lawyers said that everything we write may be used in the court against us.
May: I bet Gina would never do such a thing.
Jane: So now we have to write to you on separate groups? This is ridiculous.
Terry: I know, the situation is difficult for all of us.
Louis: I’m truly sorry, man.
May: Can we do anything to help?
Terry: No, thank you, May. Now we’re just waiting for everything to be finalised and over.
Louis: Have you tried going to a therapy?
Jane: I know a very good therapist, I think he’ll be happy to help
Terry: Thank you all, but I think we’re well past that point.
Summary: Terry and Gina are getting a divorce. They have been advised by their lawyer not to contact in writing. Louis, Jane and May will contact them through separate conversations.
Dialogue: Laura: Anybody come to the party tonight?
Patricia: sure!
Joseph: I'll be there
Tony: me as well
Summary: Patricia, Joseph and Tony are coming to the party tonight.
Dialogue: Ophelia: <file_video>
Oliver: I love this song!!! perfect for the late night walks
Max: is this something new? I don't know it :/
Ophelia: yeah, it was uploaded yesterday
Max: ok checking it right now
Summary: Max will check out the new song. Oliver loves it.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Dear all! Thanks for last night! It was awesome!
Ben: Hope you all had as much fun as I did!
Harry: Many thanks to Rebecca, Ben, Gina, Kelly, Anna and everyone else!
Kelly: It was a great night! 
Gina: Thank youuuuuu all! Amazing time with amazing people! :)
Anna: Lovely catch up! xxx
Will: thanks for.. Not tagging me! Ha ha! See you guys next time!
Harry: many thanks to Will! Haha!
Summary: Rebecca, Ben, Harry, Kelly, Anna and Will enjoyed last night.  
Dialogue: Benny: hows it going
Dale: pretty well actually xD
Benny: UNEXPECTEDLY xD
Dale: i know right..
Summary: Dale is doing well. 
Dialogue: Janice: when are you getting home?
Raoul: in about an hour, why?
Janice: the new neighbors are moving in
Raoul: cool!! what do they look like???
Janice: they're a young couple around our age
Raoul: nice!
Janice: yeah, should we go introduce ourselves?
Raoul: i don't know, are they still actually moving stuff?
Janice: yup, they have boxes and boxes full of stuff that need to be unpacked
Raoul: maybe we shouldn't go today
Janice: why?
Raoul: we would just be imposing and getting in their way
Janice: I guess you're right
Raoul: we should go next week, once they're settled in
Janice: yeah, we'll bring them some cake
Raoul: do they have a dog?
Janice: I don't think so
Raoul: cool, i don't want some dog barking all night long and keeping me from sleeping
Janice: lol
Raoul: ok gotta go now, i'll see you in a bit
Summary: Next week Raoul and Janice will bring a cake and introduce themselves to the new neighbours that are now moving in. They are a young couple around Raoul and Janice's age.
Dialogue: Dave: How did you like the play?
Ella: I loved it! You didn't?
Jamie: Really? It was awfully long!
Ella: Yes, but all his plays are rather long
Jamie: I get it, but it's merciless, especially on Thursday
Ella: Oh my god, you sound like an old man :D
Dave: Am I the only one who found it a bit... pretentious?
Ella: Maybe, certain parts, but not in general, I don't know, I didn't mind
Dave: I can't make my mind about it, I can't say I didn't like it at all
Jamie: Well, I can. It was really nice to go out with you guys, but next time I'd rather stop at the drinks before the play and leave you to it ;)
Ella: Was it that bad?
Jamie: For me, yeah, I didn't really get what it was about
Ella: Hm, I think it was more about the performance than the meaning of the play? It was quite modern even for me
Dave: I think it's the right word - modern, a bit too modern for me as well
Summary: Dave, Ella and Jamie went to the theatre together. Jamie finds the play too long when for Dave it was a little bit pretentious. Only Ella totally enjoyed the performance.
Dialogue: Patricia: how did your talk with professor Gartenberg go?
Elijah: better than i expected actually
Patricia: what did you tell him?
Elijah: i told him the truth, that i had been sick for a week and hadn't had the chance to work on the paper
Patricia: will he let you turn in it late?
Elijah: yeah, he said he was expecting perfection though, lol
Patricia: yikes, good luck!!
Summary: Professor Gartenberg allowed Elijah to submit his paper late as Elijah was sick.
Dialogue: Saim: Good morning Waseem.
Waseem: Good morning Saim. Where are you going today?
Saim: I'm going to the mosque to offer my prayers. It is morning prayer time. What about you?
Waseem: I am going to garden for a morning walk.
Saim: Don't you offer you prayers?
Waseem: I do sometimes but not regularly.
Saim: It is very bad. Man must offer his prayers regularly. You know man finds real peace and comfort only in prayers.
Waseem: I know but it is just laziness.
Saim: I always prefer prayer. I offer my prayers five times a day. If I miss my prayers, I get disturbed.
Waseem: That is a good thing. I will also try.
Saim: You must make up your mind to offer your prayers. If a person shuns his prayers accidentally on purpose, it is a great sin.
Waseem: If someone is busy at prayer time then?
Saim: He should stop his business and offer his prayers.
Waseem: You are right.
Saim: When man offers his prayers, his life improves. he lives neat and clean life. Everybody respects him.
Waseem: From today, I will also offer my prayers five times a day.
Saim: That's very good. We are getting late. Let's meet up then go and offer our prayer first.
Waseem: sure thing, give me 5 min then we meet up and go. 
Summary: Saim is going to the mosque to pray today. Waseem is going to the garden for a morning walk. He does not pray often. Saim prays five times a day. Waseem decides to do that as well. They will meet in five minutes.
Dialogue: Shirley: have you ever had lobster?
Blake: never :-(
Shirley: NEVER!?!?!?!!?!
Blake: never
Shirley: i'm taking you out for dinner tomorrow and we'll have lobster
Blake: i won't say no to that, lol
Summary: Blake is taking Shirley for dinner tomorrow. They will have lobster. Blake has never eaten it.
Dialogue: Love: The party was awesome!
Jesus: Oh yes 
Armstrong: What did I miss?
Jesus: So much!! 
Summary: Love and Jesus were at the awesome party. Armstrong missed it.
Dialogue: Madelene: pizza 5 o'clock?
John: got it, the usual place?
Madelene: you betcha
John: this will be a wonderful evening, my friend, just us, pizza, and some prosecco :D
Madelene: can't wait xD
Summary: Madelene and John will have pizza and prosecco at the usual place at 5 pm.
Dialogue: Adam: So, who's coming?
Mike: Apart from u and me?
Adam: Yup.
Mike: Ken, it was his idea, and his girlfriend. Oh and Josh and Chris.
Adam: They're all great company! Except for Amanda.
Mike: Yeah, I don't like her much either. 
Summary: Mike and Adam are going to meet with their friends. Mike and Adam both don't like Amanda, Ken's girlfriend.
Dialogue: Luke: Fucking fuck...
Jim: What is it?
Luke: My scholarship application was rejected
Luke: I lack 1 point to qualify for it.
Jim: Ehh.. I'm sorry.
Luke: Yeah, me too.
Luke: It looked so great, but too many people with the same ammount of points applied.
Luke: Monthly scholarship has just flown away :/
Jim: Find yourself a job mate.
Jim: It's high time :D
Luke: Fuck you :D
Jim: You're welcome xD xD xD
Summary: Luke scholarship was rejected. Luke lacks 1 point to qualify for it. Jim reckons it's high time for Luke to find a job.
Dialogue: Chandler: hey Mony, I'm at the restaurant.. You wanna eat something??
Monica: Where you at right now??
Chandler: Two Broke Engineers
Monica: Ohkay.. Grab a lasagnia for me...
Chandler: And ?? Just lasagnia .. How will you survive with just lasagnia?? YOU FOODIE :wink
Monica: okay okay.. Bring cheese cake from cheese factory..
Chandler: haha.. That's more like my Mony..
Monica: hahaha!!! Tomorrow i will start my diet xD
Summary: Chandler is at the restaurant "Two Broke Engineers". He will grab some lasagnia for Monica and cheese cake from cheese factory. Monica plans to start a diet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Alex: hi buddy
Max: hi
Alex: pizza?
Max: ok
Summary: Alex and Max agree on pizza.
Dialogue: Henry: Charlie broke his arm, we’re going to the hospital
Diana: Oh my god! Which one are you taking him to?
Henry: Stay in school, your mum is on her way to join us
Diana: Is it serious? How did it happen?
Henry: He slipped when he was getting out of the bathtub
Victoria: We’re at the hospital, everything’s going to be all right
Diana: Please let me know if you need me there
Henry: <file_photo>
Henry: All patched up!
Victoria: Thankfully the fracture isn’t too severe, the doctors are saying it should heal in no time
Diana: Kick him from me
Summary: Charlie broke his arm. Henry and Victoria went to the hospital. The fracture isn't severe.
Dialogue: Mica: Hey, I really liked your book review. very insightful.
Andy: Thanks! It was a challenging book to write about, but fun too.
Mica: Im going to post it on the website Tuesday and will let you know once its live.
Andy: Thanks! I can't wait to hear what others think.
Mica: It should get a lot of hits.
Andy: excellent
Mica: :)
Summary: Mica praises Andy's book review. Mica is going to post the review on the website on Tuesday then let Andy know. They expect it to be popular.
Dialogue: David: What's the best way to travel in Laos?
Susan: Plane is the fastest but can be pricy.
Susan: There are also busses
Karen: Yeah but travelling takes a long time
Karen: The roads are not in a good condition 
David: How about trains?
Karen: There are no trains 
Summary: Air transport is the fastest method of travel in Laos but it can be expensive. Buses are also available but the roads are in a bad condition. Trains are not available.
Dialogue: Roy: I'm going to Walmart, does anyone need something?
Christine: A donut please!
Ralph: Two donuts for me. And a can of coke.
Roy: There's nothing like a healthy diet, eh? :D
Christine: Don't judge me, feed me! XD
Roy: OK, OK, I'll be right back.
Summary: Roy will buy doughnuts and coke at Walmart.
Dialogue: Sasha: Guys I have a question
Ireneusz: What's up?
Sasha: But I really wanted this to stay between us
Brygida: Sure
Ireneusz: will it make me uncomfortable?
Sasha: I don't think so
Sasha: but it's quite awkward and private
Ireneusz: ok...
Brygida: is this some kind of awkward body stuff?
Sasha: ok I have a crush on Fabiano and I don't know if he's gay
Ireneusz: :O
Brygida: I didn't know you're gay
Sasha: do you know if he's gay or not?
Sasha: I don't want things to be awkward
Ireneusz: can't you just ask him?
Sasha: I feel awkward coming out tbh
Sasha: only my really close friends know
Brygida: even if he were gay, you work together so it will be awkward
Sasha: I don't want to ask him, he may say no due to fear or sth
Ireneusz: then come out and see how he reacts
Brygida: I don't think dating a coworker is a good idea
Sasha: but I'm really into him
Ireneusz: you are complaining about your job all the time
Ireneusz: this Fabiano crush could motivate you to work somewhere else
Brygida: and asking him out would be less awkward because it would be awkward dating and working together
Sasha: you're probably right
Ireneusz: and hearing no and seeing each other each day is shitty too
Sasha: I don't know I'm shy
Brygida: shy or not, you kept telling us that you wanna do sth else
Sasha: I'll think about it
Summary: Sasha has a crush on Fabiano and needs to know if he's gay but he's too insecure to ask him directly. Ireneusz and Brygida advise him not to date a collegue and to change a job, since he doesn't like this one anyway. 
Dialogue: Mary: Do you think that it could be a sign that we should meet more people?
John: Yep, I think so. We've not been getting along well recently
Mary: Are breaking up with me?
John: Let's meet and I'll explain you everything
Mary: Sure, when?
John: Tomorrow, ok?
Mary: Ok
Summary: John and Mary have not been getting along recently. They are meeting tomorrow to talk.
Dialogue: Greg: just one thing to point out
Nancy: yes?
Greg: You need to watch out while doing the assignment
Greg: Clarkson is very attentive to all spelling mistakes
Nancy: Ok, thanks
Nancy: How about the syntax and semantics?
Greg: He'll spot each and every mistake :)
Summary: Greg warned Nancy that Clarkson is very attentive and he will spot every mistake.
Dialogue: David: Hey, do you think you could possibly have the time today to buy this thermal underwear for me?
Flor: Yep, no problem
Flor: Just send me an email with links
David: Will do
David: Ok, so here's go a little list of things. All of them are at the same shop so I imagine they would come as one parcel and thus we would save the environment 🗺
Flor: Good  idea
David: <file_other> Leggings size M
David: <file_other> Top size M
David: <file other> Gloves
Flor: Ok, splendid
Flor: I'll try to place the order today
David: Cool, thanks
Flor: 👋
David: Hey
Flor: I've sent you an email, could you check if everything is as you wanted (especially the colours)?
David: With pleasure
David: Yep, I'll go and get some cash now so that I can give the money back to you as soon as you come back home
Flor: Cool. See you in a bit
Summary: Flor will buy thermal underwear for David today, but David needs to check an email first. Before coming back home, David will get some cash for Flor.
Dialogue: Henry: Did you attend the last Economics class?
Michele: Yes
Henry: What about the assignment?
Michele: She ask for it and gave us another week. many students didnt have it
Henry: Oh thanks God
Michele: Why didnt you come to college
Henry: I had to go somewhere with my brother.
Michele: Will you come tomorrow?
Henry: Yeah 
Summary: Henry missed the last economics class because he had to go somewhere with his brother. The teacher gave students one more week to hand in the assignment. Henry will come to class tomorrow.
Dialogue: Daryl: Where did u find this?
Jo: Just googled it.
Lou: It says that nearly 50% of teens can be addicted to games. 
Daryl: Rly? Do u feel addicted?
Jo: Nope. I'm a casual gamer. Once or twice a week for 2/3 hrs. And that's it.
Lou: Well, I play every day. Bt I don't feel addicted.
Daryl: Ru sure? Tried stopping for a week?
Lou: Y would I?
Jo: Just for the sake of it. Maybe u'll like the outside world better ;)
Lou: Stop mocking me. I'm not a junkie!
Daryl: Sure ur not. Probably already thinking about Battlefield, eh?
Lou: No!
Summary: Daryl. Jo and Lou discuss addiction to games. Jo plays once or twice a week for 2-3 hours. Lou plays every day, but he doesn't feel addicted. 
Dialogue: Tom: hey do you watch brooklyn 99
Holt: no, is it good?
Tom: there's one Captain Holt in the show xD
Holt: yeah i've heard it before :D
Summary: Tom enjoys watching brooklyn 99.
Dialogue: Betty: what did you tag me in haha
Daria: it's for a contest :D
Betty: you're spamming me!
Daria: but if I win, I win a trip to Thailand!
Daria: for two ;)
Betty: lmao
Betty: if you win, you gonna take me right?
Daria: obvs
Betty: <3
Betty: ok how do we increase our chances of winning?
Daria: you have to tag 2 people and like the page as well
Betty: oh come on, then those people will expect me to take them XD
Daria: yeah but I tagged you first, so I have priority over them :D
Betty: <file_gif>
Betty: Thailand here we come B)
Summary: If Betty and Daria win the contest, they will go to Thailand.
Dialogue: Tim: Can you just stop commenting on every political post I make?
Stan: It really annoys You, that I keep commenting on posts you willingly share in public?
Stan: Why do you share then then? 
Tim: It's just in comment section under every post of mine, You start a shitstorm that is ruining my point.
Stan: First of all, you should appreciate that anyone gives enough attention enough to stop scrolling and read this bullshit you're throwing at people.
Stan: Secondly, I hope that someday you will grow up enough to see, that everything I write under your post, is not a trolling activity, but pointing out your lack of basic knowledge and filling up the blanks in your selective memory, or selective fact choosing.
Tim: Really? You think I'm an idiot?
Stan: No. But please try to do some research before you post somethink online. You're not mentally disabled person, and I know it because I know you. That is only why I put any effort in correcting your logical mistakes.
Tim: Look, everyone has right to have an opinion and you just need to accept that not all people think the way you think. You can't just diss me everytime I post something you disagree with!
Stan: I disagree with your selective choosing of truth. You post only one side of the coin. Meanwhile you pretend that the other side of some cases don't exist. We live in a multicolor world and You can't pretend that complex problems of society is black and white.
Tim: Sure. Just give me a break and don't turn all my post into a shitstorm.
Stan: Hahah. I can't promise that. Unless You stop sharing not verified fake news and try to perceive reality in more than two colors, all of your posts seem provocative.
Tim: I'll keep that in mind. Bye
Stan: Yo.
Summary: Tim is angry at Stan for causing shitstorm under his political posts. Frank finds the post selective and wants to show Tim's logical mistakes.
Dialogue: Kamil: have you seen the lineup?
Noam: i'm totally going this year
Rui: u mean ABC band? meh
Kamil: me too
Noam: Rui are u serious? i thought u loved them
Rui: their last album is trash
Kamil: wtf dude
Rui: I like other bands so I'll buy tickets tho
Noam: ok I think we'll forgive u then
Kamil: good I was afraid you're not going
Summary: Although Rui doesn't like the last album from ABC band, he'll go, because he likes other bands. Kamil and Noam will go too.
Dialogue: Ralph: So Ms. May strikes again.
Shirley: What do you mean?
Ralph: Stands by her convictions until it gets too rough and then caves.
Shirley: I don't think she's caving, just not willing to let the vote get messy.
Ralph: Messy??? Its a dumpster fire!
Shirley: Agreed, but what else can she do?
Ralph: Well, she's backed herself into a corner. PM's won't vote for it and EU isn't going to change anything.
Shirley: I think she'll finally resign.
Ralph: Not a chance.
Shirley: I don't think she has a choice. Let someone else be in charge and come up with a better deal.
Ralph: She's tried and failed, but I think she's too stubborn.
Shirley: Possibly.
Ralph: She hasn't resigned yet and she didn't even agree with Brexit!
Shirley: I know but this is different. Its her deal.
Ralph: True, but I don't think she will resign.
Ralph: Just look at the history.
Shirley: My money is on her resigning. She already has a poor legacy so why not quit while you're ahead?
Ralph: Want to lay money on it?
Shirley: Sure. I'm pretty confident she will go.
Ralph: Okay - 50 says she stays and comes up with a new deal. 
Shirley: My 50 says she goes within a week!
Ralph: You're on!
Shirley: Good! We'll see!
Ralph: We certainly will...
Summary: Shirley bets 50 that Theresa May will resign within a week, whereas Ralph bets 50 that she will stay and come up with a new deal related to Brexit. May didn't agree with Brexit.
Dialogue: Tom: We have to get the tickets Saturday
Tom: at the latest
Mary: why?
Mary: why the rush?
Tom: there might not be any tickets left after the weekend
Mary: why do you think that
Tom: last year it was like that
Tom: and I don't want to end up with no tickets
Tom: like last year
Mary: Ok we can get them on Thursday
Tom: ok great
Summary: Tom and Mary will buy tickets on Thursday, because there might not be any tickets left after the weekend.
Dialogue: Tom: are you coming here? I am waiting for like 30 minutes already
Stacy: yes we are, i had to wait for Jill as usual
Jill: this is SO NOT TRUE
Tom: are you both walking together and still texting me separately?
Jill: yeah lol
Stacy: yeah, so what?
Summary: Tom's been waiting for Stacy and Jill.
Dialogue: Evan: You coming to the pub tonight?
Jez: Yeah, will that new girl, Gizzi, be there?
Evan: No idea, buddy! You got your eye on her, eh? Poor girl!
Jez: Well, um, just wondered, she seems nice to chat to, that's all!
Evan: Yeah, right, just as a friend, I know!🙄 Just come along, we'll have a good laugh and I'll trash you at pool, as usual!
Jez: Why not! See you 8ish.
Summary: Evan and Jez are going to the pub tonight. Jez hopes that Gizzi will be there too.
Dialogue: Mr Short: Did you receive my e-mail, Mr Andrews?
Mr Andrews: I'm afraid I didn't. Was that something urgent?
Mr Short: Yes, it was and still is. I've just sent it again. Would you mind having a look at it now and replying asap?
Mr Andrews: Of course. I'll get right on it.
Mr Short: Thank you.
Summary: Mr Short wants Mr Andrews to reply to his e-mail asap.
Dialogue: Liz: we're going to Madrid!
Katherine: say whaaaat gurl
Liz: yeah, me and Jerry
Liz: first to Berlin
Liz: we're there for like two nights
Liz: and then we fly to Spain! <file_gif>
Katherine: niceeee
Liz: end of March, beginning of April
Liz: im so exciteeeeed
Katherine: happy for u :)
Summary: Liz and Jerry will go to Madrid at the end of March. They will spend two nights in Berlin first. 
Dialogue: Lars: Sabaton is coming to town in July!
Paula: really?
Paula: that's great!
Lars: I don't need to ask if we're going? right?
Paula: ofc :P
Paula: when can we buy tickets?
Lars: I think from tomorrow morning
Lars: but I will check that to be sure
Paula: do that
Paula: we don't want to miss it
Lars: I don't think they'll get sold out in an instant
Paula: there's no harm in checking
Lars: true, I'll check it later
Paula: that put me in a good mood :)
Lars: remember that when we meet later on ;)
Paula: oh I will! :)
Summary: Lars and Paula are going to buy tickets for Sabaton for July.
Dialogue: Greg: Dude, I'm confused...
Greg: Is it possible that people have actually never landed on the Moon?
Diego: I've heard such opinions, indeed
Diego: It seems that it's one of the most famous conspiracy theories
Greg: After I'd watched a popular video on youtube I became suspicious
Greg: What if the whole thing was just a hoax?
Diego: It was a well-prepared hoax then
Diego: Maybe NASA screwed the entire humankind, I can't tell you :D
Greg: The American flag is flying on the recorded movie
Greg: There's no wind on the Moon so how the hell is that possible?!
Greg: The rocks found on the Moon are similar to the ones that are common in Antarctica
Greg: There're no stars on the photos taken on the Moon's surface
Greg: And finally a misterious death of the project's participants
Greg: 12 of them died tragically within a few years...
Diego: That's all thought-provoking, I agree
Diego: But I think that if you'd look for some reasonable explanations, you'll find them
Diego: I take all those conspiracy theories with a grain of salt
Diego: Don't let them bother your mind
Diego: Rather accept them as a kind of entertainment
Greg: I guess you're right...
Diego: I know a few people who are obsessed with such theories
Diego: They've been swallowed by those things so much that they started to see conspiracy at every turn
Diego: This is insane!
Greg: Diego, it was a good decision to have this conversation with you
Greg: It seems that you managed to nip my problem in the bud, thanks :)
Greg: I'm not going to become a conspiracy theories' freak
Diego: My pleasure :) Good for you
Summary: Diego talks Greg out of his conspiracy theories about the moon landing scam.
Dialogue: Paul: hey, wanna go to an escape room this Friday?
Joe: yeah! 
Rob: sure, love escape rooms, there a new one in the city I haven't been to yet
Paul: which one is it?
Rob: its theme is narcos, i can book us a slot if you're in
Paul: yes, let's do this one
Joe: agree! Friday sounds good
Rob: great, just give me a minute
Summary: Paul, Joe and Rob will go to the new Narcos-themed escape room. Rob will book a slot for Friday. 
Dialogue: Renee: So there's a male scrub turkey with his giant mounded nest of twigs hoping to attract a girlfriend across the way. 
Manuel: :))
Renee: I’m sorry to say that Phoenix may have scared off a prospective candidate yesterday evening, but turkey bird HAS chosen to build his nest on a street corner
Manuel: I suspect those corner nest building genes will not be passed on to any offspring
Renee: Lol you are so right
Manuel: Sorry, always thinking of DNA
Renee: There's one bird that's building a nest in the car park of a 5 star resort up at Kingscliff. Every hour a staff member comes out to take it apart, then the bird spends the next hour rebuilding it. Saw it with my own eyes while we were chatting to a guy in the jewellery store
Manuel: Aww that's just mean
Renee: Funny though
Manuel: Let the poor guy find out the hard way
Renee: I wonder what they taste like?
Manuel: Chicken, I suppose. But you'd want him a bit plumper. Defeather and debone that and you'll end up with two mouthfuls.
Renee: Not worth the effort really 🤔
Manuel: Nah. But I like the way your mind works. 😂
Renee: And that's why we're friends x
Manuel: There’s an arsehole bird out the front of Tweed Ambo Station, maybe called Stephen or Eric, who has emptied the hospital grounds of mulch onto Stations driveway. It’s a mess and Steve/Eric is at it all day.
Renee: Ok I actually choked on my tea
Renee: Is Steve/Eric one bird or are there actually two?
Manuel: Who the fuck knows. Annoying though
Renee: I think we'll all be happy when nesting season is over
Summary: It's nesting season for birds. Renee and Manuel watch them build nests. Some birds are unsuccessful in their endeavours. Some make a lot of mess.
Dialogue: Hannah: have you ever heard of Arbonne cosmetics?
Sylvia: yeah, direct selling, right?
Hannah: exactly
Sylvia: to be honest, Im not a fan
Sylvia: I prefer to go to Rossmann, touch and see everything before I buy
Hannah: thats right
Summary: Sylvia is not fond of Arbonne cosmetics direct selling because she prefers to touch and see the product before she buys it.
Dialogue: Diane: <file_gif> Here is my wedding card. please come.
Lara: Sure babe. i would love to and congratulations.
Diane: Thank you. i would wait for you.
Lara: i will be there before you ;)
Diane: Lovexxx
Lara: xxxx
Summary: Diane sends a wedding card to Lara. Lara accepts the invitation.
Dialogue: Mat: Omg
Isabel: ???
Mat: You'll never guess what happened to me today
Isabel: No, what?
Mat: I was trying to catch the bus
Isabel: And?
Mat: I missed it and I was really annoyed so I waited to get the next one but it never came
Mat: So I started to walk home and on the way I found a tenner and a fiver on the ground
Mat: Went to the shop and got myself a bunch of stuff cuz why not
Isabel: omg no way :)
Mat: aye Ino I was pure buzzin
Isabel: I would be too
Isabel: What u get?
Mat: got myself a bunch of sweets and some chocolate
Mat: Absolutely unreal
Isabel: :)) :)) :))
Summary: Mat missed the bus and decided to walk home. On his way, he found a tenner and a fiver on the ground. He spent that money on sweets.
Dialogue: Helen: After watching Big Mouth on Netflix
Helen: There is this one song that I can't forget :D
Nickolas: LAAAAADY IN REEEEED
Helen: :-) 
Helen: Earworm
Nickolas: <file_gif>
Summary: Helen can't forget a song from Netflix's Big Mouth.
Dialogue: Helen: nice job. Did you already book the Plaza?
Rob: yes at 8pm. Be ready on time
Helen: I have to meet John at 7pm . It won't take long
Rob: Don't forget to bring my jacket.
Helen: don't worry.
Summary: Rob booked the Plaza at 8 p.m. Helen has to meet John at 7 p.m. She will bring Rob's jacket.
Dialogue: Coco: <file_other>
Coco: I just read this article on vegan milk and its carboon footprint
Coco: it's still better than cow milk
Phil: let's take two things into consideration:
Phil: it doesn't include carbon footprint of transporting your soy milk from another continent
Greg: how did they calculate this?
Phil: and I cannot tell if it makes sense to have wool clothes and waste their milk
Coco: point taken
Greg: those numbers seem kinda off to me
Greg: but vegan milk is about cruelty-free life, not reducing carbon footprint
Phil: reducing carbon emissions is key to our survival so yeah it matters
Coco: it frustrates me because it's confusing what's best
Phil: and think about bottles
Greg: bottles?
Phil: think about the carbon footprint of glass bottles and plastic packages
Greg: can you buy milk in glass?
Coco: I've never seen vegan milk in glass bottles
Coco: that's shitty
Phil: it depends what matters the most for you
Phil: vegan milk is cruelty free while the lowest footprint is related to local stuff
Greg: so it's better for carbon footprint to drink milk of animals that will be totally used
Phil: ironically, yes
Phil: if you wear leather it make sense to drink milk too
Greg: and use soaps with animal fat
Coco: there's soap with animal fat? wtf
Phil: if you want cruelty free milk with low footprint impact make your own oat milk
Greg: animal fat is used in some soaps, look it up
Coco: ...
Phil: don't be so hard on yourself, learning is a process
Coco: uh ok..
Summary: Coco, Phil and Greg discuss vegan milk and its carbon footprint.
Dialogue: Miranda: have you seen the christmas fair on the main square?? 
Miranda: <file_photo>
Kenzie: ugh, they started it already?
Georgia: i have seen it! it's beautiful as always :D
Georgia: what's your problem Kenzie?
Kenzie: i am just sick of it, it's the same every year
Miranda: well yes it is, but it's also magical :D
Jeniffer: haha i love it too
Jeniffer: Kenzie you are whining so much :D
Kenzie: lol get off me :D
Summary: Georgia, Miranda find the Christmas fair on the main square beautiful and magical, but Kenzie is sick of it as it's the same every year.
Dialogue: Wayne: do we need milk?
Fiona: no I got some in the morning
Fiona: get some wine
Wayne: wine?
Fiona: your parents are coming over 2morrow
Summary: Wayne and Fiona don't need milk. Fiona wants some wine.
Dialogue: Greg: Do you want takeout?
Louise: Please! I'm starving and don't feel like cooking.
Greg: Thank god, I've been craving Chinese all day.
Summary: Greg and Louise are having Chinese takeout. 
Dialogue: Liam: Where should we camp the first night?
Oscar: At the lake?
Paula: it's too far, we won't manage to get there
Hector: I'd try to spend the night in the woods
Liam: it's always safer to be in an open space, I believe
Oscar: at the river?
Liam: maybe
Paula: I think we should deviate form our course a bit and head for the first night to this mountain hut on the Western path
Liam: it will take 2 extra hours one way
Paula: but it's a safe option
Liam: Paula is right
Hector: I agree, let's go there
Hector: I'll call them tomorrow
Paula: great!
Summary: Paula, Liam, Hector, and Oscar want to camp the first night in the mountain hut on the Western path.
Dialogue: Chase: Hi Mags, how are things?
Maggie: good good busy as usual
Chase: how’s job hunting going?
Maggie: I’ve sent like a thousand resumes but I’m getting stressed
Chase: I went through the same thing a year ago.
Maggie: And? How did you deal with the pressure?
Chase: Well.. I didn’t :D it’s just aweful. But then you get a job and it all works out
Maggie: I would love to believe you
Chase: Cheer up, isn’t your birthday coming?
Maggie: Next week :)
Chase: Doing anything special?
Maggie: I haven’t any plans yet
Chase: Look at you sad Maggie, would like me to come?
Maggie: Haha, across the atlantic :(
Chase: You know I would do that for my best friend
Maggie: I know Chase, thanks :*
Chase: Ok I gotta go to work, stop stressing, you’re great, it will be fine!
Maggie: <3
Chase: kisses!!
Maggie: kisses <file_gif>
Summary: Maggie is stressing out as she can't find a job. Chase experienced the same thing a year ago. Maggie's birthday is next week, but Chase lives across the ocean.
Dialogue: Maddie: Luke and I will go to all you can eat pizza tonight at the bakery if anyone wants to join in!
Ben: I’m in! Their pizza is so good!!
Frankie: I'm in too! I miss eating a good pizza :)
George: Count me and Sarah in!!!!
Anna: What time?
Maddie: 6ish?
Liz: I'll probably join too
Anna: Thanks, Maddie, I think I'll join you :)
Maddie: Yay! Pizza party!
Eve: Ahh won't make it at 6, can you guys save 2 seats for please?
Maddie: Who's the other one for?
Eve: Matt :P
Maddie: Oh la la! No problem :)
Summary: Maddie and Luke want their friends to join them at all-you-can-eat pizza at the bakery around 6 pm. Ben, Frankie, Anna, George, and Sarah will come. Eve will be late and needs them to save two places for her and Matt.
Dialogue: Mary: ice cream?
Jane: yuppie 
Mary: I will buy them 
Summary: Mary is going to buy some ice-cream.
