Dialogue: Conner: i miss you so much!!
Bria: oooh i miss u too :*
Conner: when are you landing?
Bria: around 3pm.
Conner: ok, i'll be waiting 4u!
Summary: Bria's landing around 3 pm. Conner will be waiting for her.
Dialogue: Olga Reily: Morning Simon, hope you'redoing well. Can I ask you to re-send us your last invoice pls?
Simon Brown: Hello Olga, sure. It's on its way.
Simon Brown:  <file_other>
Olga Reily: Much appreciated.
Summary: Simon Brown sends his last invoice again to Olga Reily at her request.
Dialogue: John: Hi, how are you?
Martin: Destroyed. 
John: Hahah, why.
Martin: I've had so much work in the last few days, I just can't anymore
John: Where are you now?
Martin: At the office, of course
John: Why of course? it's almost 9
Martin: John, I live here now
John: God, sounds serious
Martin: It is, believe me
John: When will it end?
Martin: I've no idea. When we finish the project
John: More or less
Martin: Not before Christmas.
John: Poor you
Martin: Dead me
John: stay strong, I'll talk to you later
Martin: thanks.
Summary: Martin works way too much and it will not stop before Christmas.
Dialogue: Allen: I need a gift for my wife's birthday. Any thoughts?
Millie: Well, what is she into?
Allen: She likes to work out, likes to bake, is into music. I can't get her kitchen stuff though. It makes her mad.
Millie: I see. 
Allen: And I'm afraid to get her workout stuff, she might think I think she's fat!
Millie: Problem, yes.
Allen: So that leaves music, but we've got concert tickets for the year already.
Millie: What about the gym she uses? Do they have a spa or is there a spa nearby? Gift card for a spa treatment maybe?
Allen: That could work.
Millie: What does she drink? Maybe a nice bottle of her favorite wine or gin?
Allen: Yes, I'm getting a few ideas! Thanks!
Millie: Twas nothing!
Summary: Millie helps Allen with a few ideas what he can buy his wife for birthday. She suggests a gift card for a spa treatment and a bottle of her favourite alcohol and Allen likes the ideas.
Dialogue: Henry: I'm missing you at work today 😢
Henry: It's not the same without you :/
Yana: Oh 😢
Yana: Is it very busy?
Henry: No not really, just a few orders so far
Yana: Good :)
Henry: Did you enjoy your time with your dad?
Yana: Yes it was great!
Henry: 😎
Summary: Henry is missing Yana at work today. Yana had a wonderful time with her dad.
Dialogue: Jim: Hey, you want share a ride to work today?
Tim: Yeah, why not?
Jim: Meet you out front your house in 15 then
Tim: Ok, see ya.
Summary: Jim and Tim are sharing a ride to work today. Jim will pick Tim up in 15 min.
Dialogue: Claire: Honey
Josh: ?
Claire: One question
Josh: Ok
Claire: What do you want to eat today?
Josh: And what are my choices?
Claire: Good question :D I don’t know… pasta with some sauce? First I thought about spaghetti, but we don’t have meat :P
Josh: Spaghetti sounds ok. I’ll buy some meat after work
Claire: Oooooo, will you?
Josh: Sure. But it’ll be about 6
Claire: Ok, i’m also staying a bit longer today
Josh: 1 or 2 pack
Claire: Can be 2
Josh: OK
Claire: We’ll eat it also for tomorrow
Josh: We’re going to Tom tomorrow
Claire: Ahhhhhhh, right. So 1 then
Josh: Good
Claire: :)
Josh: Anythign else?
Claire: No, thats all
Summary: Claire wants to eat spaghetti. Josh will buy some meat after work. It will be about 6 because they are staying a bit longer at work. 1 pack of meat is enough because thay are going to Tom tomorrow.
Dialogue: Audrey: I am going to pay tennis after work 
Conrad: Ye me too 
Audrey: Who else going? 
Marla: Hmm sure I will be there
Marla: A bit later tho 
Audrey: Ill be there are 5
Marla: Oh sounds good
Marla: I will get there at like 5:30 
Conrad: I won't be staying for too long
Conrad: Gotta pick up my girl later
Marla: Thats ok 
Marla: I will play some more sets with you Audrey
Audrey: Sounds splendid
Marla: 😎😎😎
Conrad: Can I come with Matthew? 
Audrey: Does he play tennis? 
Conrad: Hes quite of a pro 
Audrey: Sure! 
Marla: See y'all there then 
Conrad: 😊 
Summary: Audrey, Conrad, Marla and Matthew are going to play tennis. Audrey will be there at 5, Marla at around 5:30. Conrad will leave earlier to pick up his girl.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hi Michael, is everything okay with the system? I can't log in
Michal: there was a problem last night but it should work now
Diego: same thing here, looks like it's the same problem again
Michal: where are you Diego? 
Diego: Barcelona team D
Michal: ok let me check that brb
Olivia: ok
Michal: please try to log in now and let me know please
Diego: it works now! thank you Michal
Olivia: yes it's okay now, thanks
Michal: please let me know if the problem appears again. have a nice day.
Summary: Olivia and Diego can't log into the system. The same problem appeared last night. Michal checks the problem. The problem has been fixed. 
Dialogue: Daniel: Could you please turn the volume down or use your headphones?
Riley: oh
Riley: sure, turning it down
Daniel: Thanks
Summary: Riley is turning down the volume on Daniel's request.
Dialogue: Jim: I'm on the bus
Felix: perfect, so we can start soon
Sean: when are you here?
Jim: if there is no traffic jam, in about 15min
Summary: Jim is on the bus. Jim is going to meet Felix and Sean in about 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Paul: don't go to Pizza Hut on the main square... EVER
Beckett: why?
Paul: pizza was cold, we waited like 30 minutes for the services and worst of all - beer was warm
Beckett: lol thanks for the warning mate
Summary: Pizza Hut on the main square served Paul a cold pizza, warm beer, and they waited for service 30 minutes, so he warned Beckett not to go there.
Dialogue: Bruce: Have you seen the dog?!
Kelly: What do you mean? It's gone?
Bruce: Yeah, back door was left open;/
Kelly: holy shit, I'm coming back home to look for him
Kate: Wait, wait, it's fine, he's with me! you forgot I'm walking him on Mondays!
Kelly: OMG I literally already dropped everything
Kate: He's a good boy no worries:)
Summary: Bruce worried that the dog is gone as the back door was left open. Kate is walking him as she usually does on Mondays. 
Dialogue: Paige: so i am looking for a bathrobe right now
Paige: can't really find anything i like
Clara: you need to get this fluffy ones
Clara: they are sooo comfy and warm
Clara: i have the one that looks like a bunny, it's so cute <3
Natalia: Clara is right, getting fluffy bathrobe was the best thing I ever did haha
Natalia: i hate the ones they give you at some hotels
Natalia: they are so scratchy sometimes...
Clara: i use mine all the time, it happens that i fall asleep in it haha
Clara: it's THAT COMFY
Paige: <file_photo>
Paige: is that the one you have Clara?
Clara: yes very similar :) i recommend it
Natalia: ohhh this one is so cool!! that's what i am talking about
Paige: right then
Paige: i just need to decide if i want to be a bunny or a bear now hahah
Summary: Paige is looking for a bathrobe. Clara and Natalia recommend her the fluffy ones. Paige agrees, but can't decide whether to buy a rabbit or a bear bathrobe.
Dialogue: Matt: I didn’t bring my homework with me
Hermione: AGAIN???AGAIN????????
Hermione: Where did you keep your brain? Why didn't you bring it? 
Matt: Behind the fridge? XD XD XD
Matt: Still usable though XD XD I just forgot. ^ㅂ^
Matt: Can you bring it to the school? Sorry, mom
Hermione: This is the last time. Alright? 
Hermione: What time is your break?
Matt: 10 to 11 or 10 to 10 or lunch time 12 to 1. I need it in my math class starting from 2pm.
Hermione: Okay then stand in front of the school gate at 1 30. 
Matt: Thanks mom d(*⌒▽⌒*)b
Hermione: Just bring your brain all the time, not keeping it in the fridge
Hermione: （・Ａ・）
Summary: Matt has left his homework at home and needs his mom, Hermione, to bring it over before his math class at 2 pm. Hermione will meet him at the school gate at 1.30.
Dialogue: Nel: send me a recipe 4 that chicken
Ida: <file_other>
Nel: thx :)
Summary: Ida sends Nel a recipe for chicken.
Dialogue: Mary: Do you know where Lisa went?
Adam: I think she's in the cinema with John
Mary: Oh shit!
Mary: She took my keys!
Summary: Lisa went to the cinema with John. She took Mary's keys.
Dialogue: Toby: any plans for today?
Matt: not sure
Luke: same here
Toby: so you're free to play some Diablo?
Matt: sure
Luke: what? accepting already? just like that? without any negotiations? booooring ;)
Toby: but first I need to make dinner
Toby: and before that need to get home :P
Matt: not sure how to name my wizard...
Matt: Jace sounds a bit cheesy, don't you think?
Luke: still better than Gundalf :P
Matt: what difficulty did you choose for your HC char?
Luke: start with normal, so you won't be as stressed about dying
Matt: too easy
Matt: expert is the minimum
Luke: don't forget that you won't have access to the paragon levels and the special ring in HC
Matt: already got to 34 with my monk, so that's not a problem
Toby: expert is fine
Toby: I switched to master later
Matt: yeah I'll switch as well when I'll have more skills available
Toby: there was no situation when my HP dropped to an alarming level on expert
Matt: gah, my barbarian almost got killed at level 6
Luke: on expert or on master?
Matt: expert
Matt: running without a shield on HC is a stupid idea
Luke: just face it, you lack the will of the barbarian :P
Luke: stick to your ranged classes and leave the axes wielding ones to me ;)
Summary: Matt will join Toby to play Diablo. Matt got to 34 level. Toby switched to master difficulty.
Dialogue: Jada: OMG...
Jada: You know who I saw just now?
Jena: Whom?
Jada: My ex. 😑
Jena: Did you say something? 🐱
Jena: Did he also see you?🐱
Jada: Yes he saw me as well cause our eyes met
Jada: And..No I couldn't. (-_-)(-_-)
Jada: He was with another girl(._.)
Jena: How did she look?
Jada: Pretty....I think I should go on a diet (Ｔ▽Ｔ) 
Jena: You are not fat!
Jada: I know. But since we broke up, I haven’t been taking care of my weight and appearance.....OTL
Jada: When I saw her I felt like I lost. 🌟🌟
Jena: If you should do that, just do it yourself. NOT BECAUSE OF HIM.😒😒😒😒
Summary: Jada just saw her ex-boyfriend. She wants to go on a diet.
Dialogue: Mustafa: I baked cookies
Olivier: Bring them to the office tomorrow
Matthew: If they survive... 
Summary: Mustafa baked some cookies. 
Dialogue: Kate: hahahaha, Gemma just came in and told us off that we have a mess with our room :D
Jane: she did what? hahahaha
Jane: she should watch her own business
Kate: right?! I don't get what she's thinking. I get she's the oldest employee but come on
Jane: what did you tell her?
Kate: that we're comfortable in our mess <3
Jane: hahaha priceless
Kate: she's fuming
Jane: I bet, how dare you speak to her like that!
Kate: she's now going around the department telling everyone that she used to think we're better than that
Jane: lol than what exactly? It's not her business if you have a mess in your room or not, she's not your manager
Kate: i know, right?!
Kate: I don't get what she's thinking
Jane: I think she's just frustrated, idk
Kate: Damn, i hope we won't be like this when we get old
Jane: I don't think we will
Jane: better safe than sorry though, we have to watch out ;)
Kate: but we did tidy up a bit
Jane: you shouldn't!
Kate: well she was partially right as we did have a mess, but the way she told us off...
Kate: as if we were little girls
Jane: i think she treats everyone like that
Jane: literally everyone as everyone's younger than she is :D
Summary: Gemma doesn't like the fact that Kate's office room is messy.
Dialogue: Jax: How smart are you?
Gil: I don't know. I think I'm average.
Jax: Did you ever take an IQ test?
Gil: No, I never did. All I know is that I got A's and B's in school.
Jax: I wish I was really smart.
Gil: Don't be ridiculous.
Jax: What do you mean?
Gil: If you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous 😂😂
Jax: But if you are smart you can become rich or famous without a problem.
Gil: Hmm 🤔 You do have a point.
Summary: Gil has never taken an IQ test but was a good student. Jax wishes to be smarter.
Dialogue: Luka: Mum!
Luka: I'm trying to read your instructions for the meal but can't understand a thing.
Emily: What's the problem this time?
Luka: What did you mean by preheat the oven?
Luka: Well I know what you meant by that but to what temperature?
Emily: 180 degree like always.
Luka: It's the first time I'm making this by myself!
Emily: Don't worry, it's really easy.
Emily: Just preheat the oven to 180 and put the dish for 30 minutes.
Luka: Okay, I'll try.
Emily: Just remember to cool it off after taking it out of the oven. You'll burn yourself otherwise.
Luka: Will do. Thanks!
Summary: Luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal. Emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min.
Dialogue: Ralph: Hey, where are we at?
Nick: Hey there
Nick: Well, I just started printing leaflets
Nick: We need to create a fb event
Ralph: I can do it
Ralph: Just send me the logo
Ralph: Or bettter send the project of leaflets
Nick: Yes, we want the same design everywhere
Ralph: Exactly
Nick: <file_other>
Ralph: Thank you
Ralph: Let's get back to work
Nick: Sure thing
Nick: Keep me posted
Summary: Ralph will create a Facebook page for the event he's planning with Nick.
Dialogue: Tim: shit, I've overslept...
Greg: same here
Greg: too much vodka:P
Greg: what time did u get back?
Tim: i've got no fucking idea
Tim: wait, I need to pee
Greg: good luck:P
Summary: Tim and Greg were drinking yesterday. Today, they both overslept.
Dialogue: Tina: When HBO gonna launch the final season of Game of Thrones?
Jake: I dunno, heard that in 2019
Tina: maybe in april?
Jake: let me check, I'm as curious as you are
Jake: yes! in April
Tina: great!
Summary: HBO will launch the final season of Game of Thrones in April.
Dialogue: Ms. Flint: Hello, it's Jake's mum. He is not answering his phone.
Ms. Flint: He told me he is at your place. Is that correct?
Patrick: Hello Ms. Flint. Yes, Jake is with me. I told him to look at his phone.
Ms. Flint: Thank you Patrick.
Patrick: No problem.
Summary: Jake is at Patrick's and is not answering his phone so Ms. Flint is looking for him.
Dialogue: Rachel: HAPPY NEW YEAAAAAAR!! ヽ(^o^)丿
Rachel: from me & Tom :)
Jack: Thanks!!
Miranda: same to you
Miranda: :)
Rachel: May you get exactly what you are expecting in the coming year!!!
Miranda: :*
Jack: How's your party?
Rachel: %) %) %) 
Jack: Hahahah
Jack: I see
Rachel: the best party eveeeeeeeer
Rachel: wish you were here!!!
Summary: Rachel wishes a happy new year from her and Tom to Miranda and Jack. Rachel is having the best time but misses Miranda and Jack.
Dialogue: Adam: Did you hear what happened?
Mandy: No. What are you talking about?
Adam: The travel agency Travel Life went bankrupt and Mike stayed in Egypt.
Adam: There is no way to go back, there is no hotel ...
Adam: Something horrible!
Mandy: He should go to our embassy,they will help him there.
Adam: That's probably what he will do ...
Summary: The travel agency Travel Life went bankrupt. Mike is in Egypt with no hotel or options to come back. He'll probably go to the embassy. 
Dialogue: Jenny: Wanna join us for New Year's Eve?
Anne: We planned to stay home, but why not?
Jenny: we are organising it with some friends from the Academy of Fine Arts
Anne: Should we bring anything?
Jenny: everybody brings something to eat, but vegan and no junk food
Marianne: I can bring some vegan balls from IKEA
Marianne: do you know them?
Jenny: no, but it doesn't matter 
Jenny: we eat everything, just no beings
Anne: what time are we starting then?
Jenny: About 8pm
Jenny: but come whenever it's convenient
Jenny: we're going to have a relaxed evening with some green chill out
Anne: nice! See you soon
Jenny: see you
Summary: Jenny invites Anne and Marianne to the New Year's Eve that she's organising with her friends from the Academy of Fine Arts. The festivity begins at 8 pm and everyone's bringing some vegan food.
Dialogue: Harry: Honey ?
Sally: Yes darling
Harry: Did you know you have the prettiest eyes I've ever seen ?
Sally: Thanks darling, it's so cute xxx
Harry: Do you remember when we were in Venice last summer ?
Sally: How could I forget it ?
Harry: It was such a great moment
Sally: Only you and me in the City of Love <B
Harry: Honey you're so romantic !
Sally: Do you remember this gondola ride on the Grand Canal ?
Harry: And this Italian policeman who was certain we were drunk because we were laughing so loud ?
Sally: Yes, he almost arrested us !
Harry: And these ice creams in tnis little street ?
Sally: Yes, the best ones I've ever eaten
Harry: Not as sweet as your kisses !
Sally: Thanks, darling. Why are you reminding our trip in Venice ?
Harry: Because I wanted to ask you something
Sally: What ?
Harry: Honey, will you marry me ?
Sally: Oh Darling ! xxxxx
Summary: Harry tells Sally she has the prettiest eyes he has ever seen. They recollect their journey to Venice, a gondola ride on the Grand Canal, a policeman and ice cream in a little street. Harry asks Sally to merry him.
Dialogue: George: Have you tried "2 Broke engineers"??
Alice: No not yet.
George: I heard , its the best in town
Alice: Lets go try it today.
George: Yes lets go
Summary: Alice and George want to try out "2 Broke engineers" today.
Dialogue: Lucy: Are you ok?
Emelia: Not quite
Lucy: The funeral was tough
Emelia: Yea kind of, my grandma was crying so much
Lucy: I’m sorry :( If you ever want to talk, just call me
Emelia: Sure :]
Summary: Emelia has just been to a funeral. Lucy offers consolation.
Dialogue: Don: Say a number from 1-10
Karen: 6
Lucy: 4
Don: Thank you guys! You've just helped with some hard life decisions ;-)
Summary: Don is about to make a difficult decision thanks to Karen and Lucy.
Dialogue: Ian: so you said you're up here for new years? What dates?
Chris: from the 27th dec to 3rd jan
Ian: 👍
Chris: And again for a week post Mardi Gras
Ian: Oh cool
Chris: 😘
Ian: I know you usually get a house with friends but you're welcome to stay here with us
Chris: Oh thanks darling but house booked at Suffolk Park for NY and another house booked on Skinners Shoot road in March
Ian: Too bad. Our place is huge
Chris: There's a stack of us and we book the same NY house every year
Ian: well at least we'll get to see you if you're around for a week
Chris: What you doing for new years eve?
Ian: same as you - going to the Tropical Fruits party
Chris: Cool. I'm thinking of organising a mini bus
Ian: We might be in that. I'll speak to Linda
Chris: the more there are of us, the cheaper it gets. And we avoid the RBT!
Ian: Leaving from your place in Suffolk Park?
Chris: yes. So either drive down to ours OR I can get the driver to pick you up at South Golden Beach
Ian: having drinks at yours before the party?
Chris: probably. No yes, definitely
Ian: Ok count us in. We'll drive to yours
Chris: ❤️
Summary: Chris will be up there from 12/27 to 01/03 and for a week post Mardi Gras. He has already booked the houses. He usually gets a house with friends. Chris and Ian are going to the Tropical Fruits Party for New Year's Eve. They want to go there by minibus. They'll have drinks at Chris before the party.
Dialogue: Harry: I've just watched this scene with the dog...... OMG xD
David: hahaha
David: I've told you
Greg: episode 2? :P
Harry: exactly
Summary: Harry has just seen a scene with a dog in episode 2.
Dialogue: Tom: Any news on Jessie?
Chris: Nope, he’s still off the radar.
Tom: Maybe he decided to cut off from you, guys?
Chris: Well, maybe, he’d say a few times he was tired of our  silly jokes…
Tom: Oh, c’mon, silly jokes is no reason to be silent for almost a week…
Chris: You know him. He’s kind a stubborn guy. I think we’ve got to just wait.
Tom: Yeah, I think it’s the only solution as for now.
Chris: Kinda. Will keep you posted.
Tom: OK, take care then.
Chris: You too, bro.
Summary: Tom and Chris haven't heard from Jessie for almost a week. They suspect this is because of their jokes. They are going to wait.
Dialogue: Ben: Hi, Fran, remember me?
Fran: Yes, Ben. Still have your phone number.
Ben: Nice of you.
Fran: Just too lazy to delete old contacts, I guess.
Ben: Now, that wasn't nice.
Fran: Perhaps. What do you need Ben?
Ben: I was hoping we could meet.
Ben: For a coffee or something?
Fran: Why the hell would I wanna do that?
Ben: Just for old times sake, I guess. Give me another chance?
Fran: You've had your chance and blew it in big way, remember?
Ben: Is it a no?
Fran: What do you think? Does it sound like a yes?
Ben: I guess not.
Fran: You guess correctly, Ben.
Ben: See you around then.
Fran: Not if I can help it, Ben.
Summary: Ben is interested in meeting up, Fran is not. 
Dialogue: Arthur: buy some cheese
Ann: ok
Arthur: and ketchup please!
Summary: Ann will buy cheese and ketchup.
Dialogue: Kate: What are you reading right now?
Tom: I'm reading a book about history of photography
Margaret: I'm reading "the Pianist' by Jellinek
Blake: I never read lol, I'm too busy
Margaret: It's tragic Blake 
Blake: Somebody has to work here
Summary: Tom is reading a book on history of photography and Margaret is reading "The Pianist" by Jellinek. Blake does not read because he has to work.
Dialogue: Danielle: Almost halfway though the drop-offs here! The driver isn't exactly a ray of sunshine tho 😂😂☀☀
Grace: Halfway after 2 hours??? Oh God...
Danielle: Yep
Brooke: Yes, it will take more than 1h
Danielle: We've done the worst!
Grace: Horrible! 😳 I hope that it’s going to end up soon
Danielle: 1h for sure 😅
Brooke: Hahah, hopefully. We are starving.
Dylan: Girls if you need to be picked up let me know (it is pouring rain!)
Brooke: Dylan, thanks. But so much can change in 1h. Don't worry about that :)
Dylan: Yes but please tell me, no problem for me, really!
Ian: Danielle/Brooke, if you want to grab lunch after this marathon pick up session, please keep the receipt and Grace will reimburse on Monday. Thank you for your patience and efforts today, much appreciated 👍👏
Brooke: Ohhh, thanks :D Dylan & Ian, you're great!
Danielle: Thank you Ian! Although it might bankrupt the company, us ladies are STARVING 😂😂
Ian: You deserve it 😩😂😂👌
Dylan: Go to The Merchant for lunch, cocktails and a spa treatment girls! Just bring the receipts!
Grace: This is one of the main results of not having breakfast in the morning. I always say that! It's a good habit, even if you’re a grown up. Enjoy the meal after this loooong loooooong pick-up (during which I would have lost all my patience, for sure 😜)
Danielle: Until now no student has been killed, we're doing well 😂😂
Grace: Great job in keeping the mental balance 😜
Dylan: Danielle and Brooke, I just got a call from Kirsten who is a host mother wondering where the students are. She's just asked if you can give her a call when you arrive because she's upstairs and isn't sure her doorbell works. Not sure where she got my number from...
Danielle: Yes she's the last one. I will call her. Thanks Dylan!
Grace: Your number? She is some sort of witch I suspect... I feel for you.
Danielle: She's been placated anyway 😉
Summary: Danielle and Brooke will pick up Kristen.
Dialogue: Chelsea: The girl working at the reception lost my multisport card ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ
Chelsea: And they said they would find it till tomorrow.
Chelsea: But im just nervous what if they cannot.
Kyle: What:D
Chelsea: How can you find it if the person who brought my card didn’t contact them?
Kyle: How did they do that:D
Chelsea: Idk. I got a stamped paper so that i can enter tomorrow. （´-`）.｡oO( ... )
Chelsea: I’m kinda annoyed.
Kyle: In that case I will order you new one, and until that moment you will enter the gym for free xD
Kyle: Morons!
Chelsea: But you already paid for March, didn’t you?¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Kyle: Yes. But in case you loose your card I can order new one for free
Chelsea: *lose, darling
Kyle: Yes, *lose
Chelsea: I don’t wanna have it issued again and wait for it. One time is enough (╬ ಠ益ಠ)
Chelsea: I understand they were not the girl who made mistakes (＃ﾟДﾟ)
Chelsea: But if they get this situation apology is a must. (＃ﾟДﾟ)(＃ﾟДﾟ)(＃ﾟДﾟ)(＃ﾟДﾟ)
Kyle: You can always ask for manager. 
Chelsea: I will be waiting till tomorrow but if they cannot find it, then that’s it. 
Summary: The girl at the reception has lost Chelsea's multisport card. Chelsea has got a stamped paper until they find her card. Chelsea is going to wait until tommorrow and if the card is not found she will talk to the manager.
Dialogue: Ruth: hey, are we going to buy anything for Dev?
Mira: Hi 
Mira: Good idea
Ruth: no ideas yet :) just asking who's in
Mira: Me and Chris for sure
Martin: I've already bought him something but I can join you anyway
Ruth: what did you buy?
Martin: nothing special, just a book 
Ruth: okay. let's see who's in first 
Tamara: I want to participate too!
Tamara: but I dont know him so well, cant think of any ideas...
Mira: Dev loves hiking
Martin: how about some equipment?
Chris: hi guys, great idea! let's get him something big :)
Ruth: so who's going shopping? :)
Martin: you Ruth? :)
Ruth: ok but I'm not going alone!
Martin: I'm out of town till Friday night :(
Chris: l can go with you Ruth
Chris: Wednesday afternoon?
Ruth: that's perfect, thanks
Ella: hi all! Ruth I can't go with you on Wednesday but I have an idea. Dev needs a new backpack!
Ruth: thanks Ella! ok... Chris I'll definitely need your help with this :)
Ella: I would suggest a Deuter, at least. or something better
Chris: ok! :)
Martin: totally right ella I saw his old backpack lol
Ella: I know right? :)
Ruth: oh you mean the red one?!
Ella: the red and stinky one ;)
Summary: Martin has already bought a book for Dev. Martin is out off town till Friday. Chris, Ruth and Ella want to buy a new backpack on Wednesday afternoon.
Dialogue: Bella: Hey Eric!! Wanna go watch a movie?? 
Eric: Yeah that would be great..
Bella: Get ready.. Will pick you up at 8 pm
Eric: :thumbs
Summary: Bella and Eric will watch a movie.
Dialogue: Harry: Hey buddy, now on a more serious note? 
Harry: Have you received your PIT? 
Harry: From P&P?
Harry: Cause I haven't.
Harry: Can you make a little investigation for me, please?
Jacob: Yes.
Harry: What does the "yes" refer to?
Jacob: I'll go and ask.
Harry: Shit, I still haven't received four PITs.
Jacob: The HR lady will give it us in person. 
Jacob: And yours will be sent by post.
Jacob: But, what sending if you're coming to me soon? 
Harry: Why bother, let she send it by post.
Jacob: But that's not a big deal, you'll collect it from me. 
Harry: Will she give it you?
Harry: You're not my family or something.
Jacob: Don't worry, I'll go and ask.
Harry: OK, cool, appreciate it. 
Jacob: But why are you stressed, they still have a couple of day to send the declarations out.
Harry: You know me, I'd like to have it done as soon as possible. 
Jacob: Of course, typical Harry. 
Summary: Jacob will ask if he's allowed to collect Harry's PITs.
Dialogue: Ann: Do you have a homework from math?
Ian: yep
Ann: Give me the result plz, i have some mistake :(
Summary: Ann needs Ian's math homework to check what mistakes she made in hers.
Dialogue: Liam: so bored
Noah: me too
Liam: what are you up to?
Noah: nothing, i'm literally in bed staring at the ceiling
Liam: lol same here
Noah: what a great way to spend the afternoon
Liam: lol, want to come over?
Noah: sure
Liam: we can play video games and order pizza
Noah: that sounds good
Liam: should we invite charlie?
Noah: why not? the more the merrier
Liam: could you please text him?
Noah: sure. see you in about an hour?
Liam: sounds perfect
Summary: Liam and Noah will meet at Liam's place in an hour to play video games. They will invite Charlie.
Dialogue: Silvia: Mary ran away from school again
Mohammad: What
Mohammad: It’s the third time this month
Silvia: Actually fourth
Silvia: I didn’t tell you about one
Mohammad: Good to know, why?
Silvia: You had all those problems at work, I didn’t want to worry you…
Mohammad: Great, turns out I don’t even know what’s going on with my kids, congratulations
Mohammad: Wife of the year
Silvia: Don’t get angry, we need to figure it out somehow…
Mohammad: Maybe you should to this alone
Mohammad: You don’t tell me anything anyway
Silvia: I don’t even have time to talk to you
Mohammad: I work!!! Which is what you don’t do…
Silvia: Here we go again
Mohammad: That’s the reality!!
Silvia: We have three kids, I take care of them, I clean the house, if you had to pay for it all…
Mohammad: At least I could live in peace
Summary: Mohammad and Silvia's daughter, Mary, skipped school again. It is the fourth time this month but Mohammad only knew about three of them. He is upset with his wife not telling him and not working. Silvia takes care of their three children and is a housewife. Mohammad works too much.
Dialogue: Michelle: I lost my wallet
Alia: What, how???
Michelle: In the train I think
Alia: Call the company, maybe someone found it!
Michelle: It’s a nightmare :[
Summary: Michelle lost her wallet, probably on the train.
Dialogue: Gwen: check out this trailer <file_other>
Tim: I don't have headphones atm but it looks dope :D
Pamela: very nice indeed :) looking forward to seeing the film!
Summary: Gwen shares the trailer with Pamela and Tim. Pamela is looking forward to seeing the film.
Dialogue: Lindsay: hi i'm on my way, should be 10 min late
Greg: ok i'm waiting here
Mary: me too, can't see you tho
Greg: by the entrance
Mary: which one
Greg: the one in the front
Summary: Lindsay will be 10 minutes late. Greg and Mary are already waiting.
Dialogue: Gary: hey guys, we will be meeting here at 2:30 pm on Friday Nov 16th.
Dan: Sounds good
Owen: Perfect!!
Gary: Eva, Victor just wanted to make sure you got the meeting point and the time. Thanks!
Eva: Got it, thanks :blush:
Alexander: Hey guys, I could stay a night longer and come with you in case there is some space?
Gary: yes sir that's fine
Steffen: What’s that?
Dan: Steffen, we are coordinating private shuttle(s)
Gary: I think that's makes 10 people which is the cap
Dan: There are 10 in the conversation, so I would agree
Steffen: <file_gif>
Dan: So 2:30 when the shuttle leaves, or we are meeting for 2:30?
Gary: Be at Malinche at 1pm. Shuttle leaves at 1:30 PM.
Dan: OK. change of plans?
Gary: the rep just called me and said since its Friday the more time we give the better it will be and we dont want to miss that ferry
Kieran: Thanks for organizing this, Gary!
Ben: Cheers, man
Dan: sounds good!
Gary: No problem!
Summary: Gary, Dan, Owen, Eva, Alexander, Steffen, Kieran and Ben are going on a ferry journey on Friday, the 16th of November. Gary wants them to be at Malinche at 1 pm.
Dialogue: Clair: Does he think I'm stupid or is he that stupid to think I'm more stupid than he is?
Denis: W8 what?
Bob: Don't follow.
Clair: Got another reply.
Denis: That's great, isn't it?
Bob: Yeah. What does it say?
Clair: "Of coz your majesty. I prepare everything for your arrival. Just need confirmation transfer. Send asap."
Bob: I'd declare to have his head cut off. Slowly. How rude.
Denis: That's not a way to treat your future monarch. What do you plan, Your Majesty?
Clair: I am thinking of something devious. 
Bob: I like your devilish plans!
Denis: Show us your cunning ;)
Clair: I've set up another e-mail account. Something untraceable with .ng at the end ;)
Bob: And what are you going to do with it?
Denis: Are you going to reply to him from that address and torment him a little more?
Clair: Precisely, my minions :)
Denis: If I may, Your Highness, I'd write something about an order for his decapitation having been issued by the new queen
Clair: That's fantastic!
Bob: Seriously, guys, stop it! My belly hurts!
Clair: That's what I have: Hello, my name is Kwame Dongigo, I have been appointed by Her Majesty for the position of the royal executioner. Her Majesty's first wish is to see your head on the gallows. May we set up a date that would suit you best? I have nothing against you. Just a job. RSVP.
Bob: If he doesn't get a heart attack, I'll be severely disappointed!
Denis: Outstanding!
Clair: Thank you. I always knew I had it in me!
Bob: Ofc, Your Highness.
Denis: Any other decrees, Your Majesty?
Clair: My Majesty is tired and needs to rest after this cumbersome task. We shall return to this question on a later date.
Denis: As you wish, Your Majesty.
Bob: Very well, Your Highness.
Summary: Clair kept getting sarcastic messages, so she responded the same way from a fake e-mail account, which was hilarious.
Dialogue: John: Who wants to go to the movies tonight?
James: me!
Mark: I'll go too
John: ok, I'll find a movie and let you know
Summary: John, James and Mark are going to see a movie tonight.
Dialogue: Jose: I wanted to invite you for dinner after our project is completed 
Joseph: How nice of you, Jose
Donald: Nice idea to relax after this stressful time
Jose: is Club Cafe good for you? at 8PM
Joseph: very good, I really like it there
Donald: may I bring Terry?
Jose: sure, bring however you want
Jose: remember that I have a budget for this kind of meetings
Donald: right, I completely forgot
Joseph: so let's make a proper use of it
Jose: haha, but let's not exaggerate at the same time
Jose: I have to show all receipts to the department
Jose: they shouldn't be too conspicuous 
Joseph: hahah, ok 
Summary: Jose invited Joseph and Donald for dinner after completing a project. Jose, Joseph and Donald will meet in Club Cafe at 8pm. Donald will bring Terry. Jose has a special budget for that kind of events.
Dialogue: Mary: Hey.
Mary: I sent you a task.
Mary: Can you check if you can solve it?
Adam: Sure, no problem.
Adam: Give me a moment.
Adam: I will send you the result immediately.
Mary: OK,
Mary: thanks.
Summary: Mary sent Adam a task. Adam will solve it and send her the result immediately. 
Dialogue: Camilla: I can't find that post on Facebook. 
Camilla: the one Marie posted
Camilla: it's got a black background
Helena: hold on, I'm checking
Helena: I think I found it
Helena: <file_other>
Helena: this one?
Helena: try and click on it
Camilla: ok
Helena: did you try calling them too?
Camilla: not yet
Helena: ok
Helena: I noticed there are many comments
Camilla: ok the page loaded, yeah I can see all the comments
Helena: many people that seem to know about it
Helena: very sad 💔
Camilla: yeah
Summary: Helena helped Camilla to find Marie's Facebook post.
Dialogue: Petra: Hi Zack, I see you called. Sorry I can't pick up. In lectures all day.
Zack: Ok, when will the break be I can try then.
Petra: I will call you back in the lunch break because I am not sure if this lecturer will stick closely to the break times in the programme.
Zack: OK. 
Petra: Or you can write to me what it's about. I can type  and read I just can't listen or talk.
Summary: Zack called Petra, but she didn't answer because is in lectures all day. Petra will call Zack back during the break. Zack can write to Petra because she can read and write during the lecture. Petra can't talk or listen during the lecture. 
Dialogue: Hiram: <file_photo>
Eva: Wow nice view of planes! 
Eva: You boarding soon? 
Hiram: Yes, I will arrive at 10pm
Eva: Oki doki  
Summary: Hiram is boarding soon and she will arrive at 10pm.
Dialogue: Daisy: Hi
Alan: Oh, Hi! :)
Daisy: :)
Alan: How did the exams go?
Daisy: Oh, everything went well
Alan: And what about Carlos?
Daisy: Well... ehm... the French exam...
Alan: What happened? :O
Daisy: Let's just say we both got good marks but his was higher
Alan: Well, that happens
Daisy: Yes, but later he bragged about writing most answers randomly and having lost of luck
Alan: Wtf?!?
Daisy: I thought the same
Alan: He's crazy XD
Daisy: I know, but I also know him and I bet he spent three weeks studying for that exam
Alan: So why is he saying that the wrote random answers?
Daisy: He likes to pretend he's a cool guy who doesn't need to study
Alan: That's childish
Daisy: I know :D
Alan: Wtf
Summary: Daisy and Carlos passed the French exam. Carlos got a higher grade and was boasting about writing random answers. Daisy assumes that Carlos spent a lot of time on studying and is just pretending, to be perceived as a nice guy. 
Dialogue: Ross: my mum said im grounded
Brian: what why
Ross: because I broke my leg
Brian: hah its stupid xP
Ross: it is, it hurts and she wont let me visit you, my dad could give me a lift
Brian: sick bitch
Ross: she thinks its your fault and we always do sth stupid
Brian: I helped you, you told her that?
Ross: sure I did, didnt work
Brian: she makes me sick
Ross: me too, ill fuckin run away from here
Brian: with a broken leg xP
Ross: yes I will wander in the woods maybe then she will realize what shes doin to me
Brian: bad idea bro, bad idea xd
Ross: what am I supposed to do
Brian: try talkin to your dad, he’s more reasonable then her
Ross: hmmm ok i will
Summary: Ross is not allowed to visit Brian. His mum blames Brian for Ross breaking his leg. Ross and Brian are unhappy with Ross' mum and Ross will try and reason with his dad.  
Dialogue: Jordan: hey do you feel like having pizza for dinner?
Judy: sounds good!
Jordan: which one do you want then? Fisherman's dream?
Judy: yes pls :)
Judy: <file_gif>
Summary: Jordan and Judy will order Fisherman's dream pizza for dinner.
Dialogue: Walter: Have you bought Dad a Christmas gift yet?
Susan: No. Have you?
Walter: No, not yet.
Susan: What are you thinking of getting him?
Walter: A new razor, maybe. And you?
Susan: The same.
Walter: Oh. Well, I can get him a CD I guess. It's more interesting than the winter socks he always asks for.
Susan: Whatever you want to do. I may not end up getting him a razor after all. 
Summary: Walter wants to buy a new razor for their dad for Christmas. He will buy a CD as Susan wants to buy the same. Susan may change her mind about the gift.
Dialogue: Hannah: <photo_file>
Ann: I didn't get an invitation... 
Olivia: When are they getting married?
Hannah: In August 
Summary: Hannah's and Ann's friends are getting married in August. Ann wasn't invited.
Dialogue: Pietr: what have you heard about the new iphone?
Pietr: should i get it?
Maria: you know i love apple products
Maria: but i would wait for the next generation
Maria: this new one doesn't have a lot of new featured
Pietr: i'll wait then, thanks!
Summary: Pietr will skip the new iphone and will wait for the next generation instead.
