Dialogue: Sara: <file_photo>
Diane: wow that color totally works for you!
Sara: thanks :)
Diane: is this your cat on a photo?
Sara: It used to be my cat, I moved out and it's my former housemate's
Diane: So chubby, loving in
Diane: do you dye your hair by yourself?
Sara: my housemate used to do my hair, now I do that by myself
Diane: and on that photo?
Sara: that color required bleaching hair so I had my hair done by a hairdresser
Diane: was it expensive?
Sara: It was a part of publicity for a saloon so I paid nothing
Diane: cool!
Sara: now I'm dying my hair purple
Diane: and no one tells u it's unprofessional or anything?
Sara: nope, they kinda got used to it
Diane: that's good
Sara: but I didn't feel good with blue hair, I felt too pale to pull it off
Diane: to me it looked great, but it's a huge difference 
Sara: I was very unhappy about cutting my hair this short
Diane: I totally get it, I did that a year ago and cried 
Sara: me too, but my boyfriend said it looks very cute
Diane: and what is your bf doing, btw? Where does he work?
Sara: he's a salesman, he recommends luxury goods
Diane: nice
Diane: look, i have to go now
Sara: ok
Diane: take care! :)
Sara: you too!
Summary: Sara had her hair done for free as it was a part of the saloon's publicity campaign. People got used to Sara's hairstyles. Sara and Diane were disappointed about having their hair shortened. Sara's boyfriend is a salesman.
Dialogue: Wendy: Hey, Pam has her birthday on 24th.
Diana: Hey Wendy, yes I remember.
Wendy: I want to make her happy 😉
Diana: I was thinking of a big cake, decorations, inviting close friends.
Wendy: Surprise party? Oh I see! 😎
Diana: Yeah, I'm sure she won't do anything by herself.
Wendy: That might be true. Let's invite people, and think of a plan on how to arrange this.
Diana: We can come to her place and after some time we'll tell her to go to the store.
Wendy: Yes, and when she's gone we will let people in, brilliant! 😎
Diana: It's gonna be legen-wait for it-dary. 😎 
Wendy: Hope it all works out. 😎 Gotta go. Speak soon.
Diana: Sure, take care.
Summary: Wendy and Diana are planning a surprise birthday party for Pam. They are going to invite some guests over to Pam's and let them in after she goes out to a shop.
Dialogue: Luke: Man, Ghost is so damn good
Simon: I don't know that band too well
Luke: They kick ass
Simon: I read a review where they said Ghost is basically the poor man's Blue Oyster Cult
Luke: No way! They have a similar style but they also have their own identity
Simon: Is all that Satanic stuff just for shock value or is it for real?
Luke: It's a tongue-in-cheek thing, they play with heavy metal stereotypes afaik
Simon: But the music ain't exactly metal, right?
Luke: Some songs are but in general it's hard rock with some psychedelic and even pop-ish elements, so yeah, similar to BOC
Simon: Ok, I'll listen to them, thanks
Summary: Luke is amazed by Ghost. Simon doesn't know the band but he will listen to their songs.
Dialogue: Adam: Hey Nina how are you? whats up?
Nina: i am fine brother just feeding peter!!!!!! how are you and all?
Adam: we are all good.. i know the pain feeding them and putting them to sleep is the most difficult thing in the world.
Nina: i know right!!!!
Adam: :) Nine me and Jill are planning a get to gather this Sunday, would you be able to join us all for lunch?
Nina: yes sure why not its been quiet long we have not had a family get to gather, so nice of you and Jill.
Adam: thats great!  yeah we needed it big time .. waiting to see you than
Nina: thank you brother see ya
Summary: Nina is taking care of Peter. Nina will join Adam and Jill for lunch on Sunday. 
Dialogue: Nick: I might be going to London this weekend.
Darren: Driving?
Nick: Yes, not going to the centre. No congestion charge, and we have a car park so driving is best.
Darren: OK, so please call by if you're near Hemel Hempstead. Coming with Laura?
Nick: No, she's busy all week at work.
Darren: I should be around all week. Just let me know an hour before in case I am down the shops.
Nick: Okeydoke. See you soon.
Summary: Nick will drive to London alone this weekend. He will call Darren an hour earlier if he's near Hemel Hempstead.
Dialogue: Lisa: I have a feeling John is cheating on me...
Lia: Why?
Mary: Really? What happened?
Lisa: He's behaving strangely. 
Lia: Coming home late?
Lisa: Not that. He's ignoring me. He's been very cold to me.
Mary: Maybe he's stressed and doesn't want to share it...
Lisa: I don't know...
Summary: Lisa is worrying about John's behavior as he's been cold to her. She's afraid he may be cheating on her.
Dialogue: Julia: that was some performance ^_^
Travis: heyy thanks
Julia: have you ever performed in front of such a huge crowd
Travis: i have but i don't think i have been this nervous before :D
Julia: oh, and how do you feel now
Travis: like a rockstar? xD no seriously, i feel pretty good
Julia: haha :D
Travis: on a serious note.. i don't think i would have done it
Julia: why not
Travis: i was so unsure about it.. before i had that talk with you
Julia: oh.. i'm glad i could help
Travis: i'm glad you could help too xD
Julia: are you hitting on one of your audience?? xD
Travis: i'm trying
Julia: smooth
Travis: XD XD
Summary: Julia congratulates Travis on his performance. Travis feels great, although he was unsure at first.
Dialogue: Brad: fuck it's grandma's day today
Seth: <file_gif>
Seth: tx!!
Brad: what're you getting?
Brooke: flowers i guess
Brad: cut or potted?
Brooke: potted! 
Seth: seriously? i always get the cut ones:D
Brooke: my grandma doesn't like them.
Brooke: she always says it's a waste
Brooke: my mum says the same and i agree too:D
Brad: um.. ok :D so anything potted will do? or does it need to have flowers?
Seth: wtf? so there are different kinds of them?? xD
Brooke: <file_gif>
Brooke: speechless. xD 
Brooke: <file_other> read this :D
Seth: tx Brooke :D 
Brad: yeah ur the best xD
Summary: It's grandma's day today. Brooke is getting some potted flowers for her grandma. 
Dialogue: Amanda: You won’t fucking believe me!
Ruby: Haha what happened? Are you moving out?
Amanda: Worse than that. Jack asked to me to go with him to the party next week. Can you believe it?
Ruby: Fuck, you must’ve been surprised 😉 After all those years…
Amanda: Exactly, some time ago I’d be on the cloud nine, but now I don’t actually know what to do
Ruby: I can’t help you, Amanda. You’ve got to decide
Amanda: You aren't helping me...
Summary: After a long time Jack asked Amanda to go to the party with him next week. She is hesitating.
Dialogue: Emily: Do you now how to fix a bike?
Jason: Depends what is the problem
Roger: I'm not good at it
Emily: The breaks don't work properly 
Emily: After I break my tire is blocked
Emily: And I need to lift the break with my fingers to be able to go 
Jason: That must be annoying 
Jason: Why don't you come over with your bike?
Jason: I might be able to fix it 
Summary: Emily has a problem with her bike's brakes. Jason will try to help her. They'll meet at his place.
Dialogue: Clare: How was your weekend?
Enrique: Nice. Relaxing.
Zoe: Mine was very active
Zoe: I biked 100 km.
Clare: That's impressive 
Clare: I stayed at home and organised my stuff
Clare: I got rid of all the clutter 
Summary: Enrique relaxed during the weekend. Zoe biked 100 km, whereas Clare put her things in order at home.
Dialogue: Martha: we're meeting at that french restaurant right?
Judith: yes
Martha: i hear it's popular
Martha: maybe we should have called and reserved a table
Judith: there's only two of us, i don't think we'll have to wait a lot
Summary: Martha and Judith are going to meet at the French restaurant.
Dialogue: Greg: i heard your brother is in the hospital
Greg: is everything ok?
Kevin: yes, he just got a nasty cold
Kevin: he'll be all right
Greg: I'm glad to hear it's nothing to be worried about
Greg: is there anything i can help you with?
Kevin: we're fine
Kevin: thanks for reaching out
Summary: Kevin's brother is in hospital with a bad cold.
Dialogue: Ernie: im fed up with ppl
Jeremy: then y ru texting me
Ernie: cause yknow
Ernie: your special in a way 😝
Jeremy: lol dude so gay 😂
Summary: Ernie is fed up with people, but considers Jeremy his special friend.
Dialogue: Diana: hey, please dont miss my graduation
Robert: i wont, not in a million years
Diana: 😘😌 thanks
Robert: i'm sorry ive not bought you a gift yet
Diana: dont worry cousin, you being there is enough
Robert: haha, but still
Diana: it ok, bring anything
Robert: even a hair clip?
Diana:🤣🤣🤣🤣
Robert:🤣🤣🤣
Diana: joker
Robert: haha, i know
Diana: see you then
Robert: cool
Summary: Robert will come to Diana's graduation. He hasn't bought her a present yet. 
Dialogue: DJ Orkia: Hey what time is the event that I have to show up? 
Anny: At 8 pm! 
Anny: Southside College! 
DJ Orkia: OK! 
DJ Orkia: How long am I playing-working? 
Anny: As long as you want xd 
DJ Orkia: K I will be there at 8 with my stuff
Anny: Good see you!
Summary: DJ Orkia will attend the event Southside College at 8pm to play music. 
Dialogue: Benjamin: I got a task from A&G, have to write a few words about myself.
Benjamin: They want to send it together with the welcome mail.
Nicki: Oh, I hate such things.
Benjamin: Me too! I totally don't know what to write.
Nicki: Wait a sec, I'll find some inspiration for you.
Nicki: <file_other> 
Nicki: Look, maybe you can use it as a starting point.
Benjamin: Ok, thx, I'll take a look.
Benjamin: Jesus, it only made me even more confused! 
Benjamin: No, I'll just write a few cliché words about myself.
Nicki: Do as you wish!
Benjamin: Is writing that I'm interested at Scandinavia lame given my boss is Swedish-Danish? 
Nicki: Being interested in Scandinavia is lame in general.
Benjamin: What?! Why should I even care?!
Nicki: God, Ben, I'm just joking. Take it easy.
Nicki: And stop taking everything so serious! 
Benjamin: But that's how it is.
Benjamin: That's the picture of you I have in my head! 
Benjamin: And I'll read your each comment just like this.
Nicki: Wow, what a monster you have just grown in your head.
Benjamin: You gave me the reasons! 
Nicki: Oh, come on, Ben.
Summary: Benjamin is struggling with coming up with a note about himself for A&G. He is unsure whether he should mention Scandinavia as one of his interests.
Dialogue: Sophie: What are you doing?
Linda: Thinking about doing my nails.
Sophie: Good thing you haven't started.
Linda: Why is that?
Sophie: Well, you wouldn't text back, would you?
Linda: Right. Got to go, though. My nails=)
Summary: Linda is about to do her nails.
Dialogue: Markus: Did you go to the march yesterday?
Tony: I certainly did
Markus: I saw it all online. Awful violence, such a  disgrace.
Tony: Yes. A big disgrace. I saw a couple of scuffles myself.
Markus: There were these Neo-fascists punching and pushing with these Antifa people, in the end he pushed him over and started kicking him until his girlfriend got in between them.
Tony: Yes I saw that one. Very violent.
Markus: What about the second one?
Tony: Well effectively it was the same one again. The cameraman wasn't happy with his angle the first time, so he told them to do it again.
Summary: Markus went to the march yesterday and saw Neo-fascists fighting with Antifa. Tony watched the entire march online.
Dialogue: Ann: <file_photo>
Lucy: Awwww, how cute!!
Rachel: How old is she?
Ann: 2 :)
Lucy: And that pink dress <33
Lucy: Little princess!
Ann: <file_photo>
Rachel: She's adorable :)
Ann: <file_photo>
Lucy: Awwwwww
Lucy: Beautiful little girl *.*
Rachel: Lovely family :)
Ann: Thanks :)
Summary: Ann's daughter is 2 years old. She has a pink dress and is adorable.
Dialogue: Olivia: How is Queensland?
John: I like it a lot! So sunny
Joshua: Did you take the kids?
John: We did, they like it here
Ellis: especially the contact with nature, the ocean
Joshua: I imagine
Olivia: where are you now?
Ellis: on Fraser Island
Ellis: <file_photo>
Olivia: how beautiful!
Ellis: We rented a SUV
John: there are no roads on the island but huge, wide beaches that are like highways
Joshua: seems nice, enjoy guys
John: thanks!
Summary: John and Ellis are in Queensland with children. They rented a SUV and they are currently visiting Fraser Island.
Dialogue: Freddie: that's why I told you that Ronaldo is better!
Charlie: he got lucky
Charlie: the second goal totally our GK fault
Freddie: you're just pissed that your team lost!
Charlie: maybe today but next time we will crush you
Freddie: keep dreaming
Freddie: with Ronaldo we have noone to fear
Charlie: just wait and see
Charlie: at the end of the season we will be champions for sure
Freddie: no chance
Freddie: it will be us!
Summary: Freddie and Charlie are discussing a football game, Freddie's team won, largely thanks to Ronaldo. 
Dialogue: Amie: Hello Liam! How's life?
Liam: Boring...
Amie: Look who's talking! You of all people! How long have been home now, eh?
Liam: That's the problem. For 5 long weeks now! Terrible! How is you?
Amie: The usual me. Working, working, working. That's what I call boring!
Liam: Don't you always say that you love your little job? Eh?
Amie: Well I do but I wish I had more time for myself. Like you. You lucky devil!
Liam: But you have 6 weeks of holidays at your disposal. Why don't you split it and have 2, 3 nice trips? 3 weeks on Majorca in winter and 2 weeks in Norway in summer.
Amie: Ya golden! And who's going to pay for it?!
Liam: OK so fly to Vietnam in winter, it can be dirt cheap, and in summer to Cuba. It's always cheap.
Amie: Not really. It's not me. I'd be scared stiff traveling to those countries. Apart from that Robert hates traveling. Even Carlisle is too far away for him.
Liam: That's tough.
Amie: Something else. I wondered if you could translate a text for me. We got a strange letter the other day and the lingo looks like English in one part, but we can't make heads or tails of it, and then follows a paper that's probably in Vietnamese. Could you have a look at it please?
Liam: Get me a pic of it.
Amie: <file_photo>
Liam: Vietnamese alright. Sounds like an job application.
Amie: Very likely! Could you translate it for us? Of course with an invoice and staff.
Liam: Sure. Just scan the whole thing and attach it to an email to my gmail address. You've got it, haven't you?
Amie: Thank you. Yes, I've got your email. You'll have it all by midday tomorrow.
Liam: How urgent is it?
Amie: Hard to say. Depends on what's in it. You tell me.
Liam: Got it. You'll hear from me tomorrow evening.
Amie: Thanks Liam. I do appreciate it.
Liam: Anytime.
Summary: Liam's bored as he's been home for five weeks. Amie's also bored because she has to work all the time and she'd like to have more time for herself. She can't travel a lot for financial reasons and because Robert's not a great fan of travelling. Liam's going to translate a Vietnamese letter for her.
Dialogue: Karen: What are we eating tonight?
Don: I want to bake chicken with veggies.
Margaret: Oh no, dad. We had it 2 days ago.
Maya: But it's tasty!
Don: What would you like to eat?
Margaret: Maybe pancakes with nutella... :P
Karen: Margaret can make them for desert.
Maya: Do we have Nutella?
Don: Let me check.
Maya: I don't think so...
Don: We don't/
Maya: Ok, I'll get some.
Karen: See you guys at home!
Summary: Don is making chicken with veggies for dinner. Margaret can make pancakes with Nutella for desert. Maya will get the Nutella.
Dialogue: Amka: Have you ever been to Erasmus? 
Amka: and how are you spending Halloween?
Mick: I've never done any student exchanges before.
Mick: That sounds like a lot of fun.
Mick: It's good you're doing a lot of this.
Mick: T'll make your CV 10x better.
Mick: Im'm gonna go to da club with my friends for Halloween loool
Amka: I propably won't dress up.
Mick: There was a plan for me to go to London for Halloween 
Mick: with my grandparents
Mick: But my grandma is having some health issues 
Mick: and the plan does'nt exist anymore
Amka: :(
Amka: Aaahhh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she's feeling better  <file_gif>
Amka: What are your plans now?
Amka: Just gonna stay in?
Mick: Yeah
Mick: nothing special <file_gif>
Amka: Fair enough I never used to do anything for Halloween.
Mick: in Poland we actually don't celebrate Halloween and don't do all this dressing up, pumpking curving and so on. 
Mick: on November 1st we just go to the cementary with our families and after that spend time together.
Amka: I like it.
Summary: Amka is doing a lot of student exchanges. Mick isn't going to London due to his grandma's health so he's gonna stay in. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween.
Dialogue: Lilah: Teacher is asking me to visit his home
Pedro: Yeah His wife is sick he needs someone to help him
Lilah: Would you like to come along?
Pedro: Can you pick me up from my house?
Lilah: Would be there right after 10 mins
Pedro: will be waiting
Lilah: K
Summary: Lilah will Pick up Pedro from his house in 10 minutes and they'll go to the teacher who needs help as his wife is sick. 
Dialogue: Fiona: The washing machine we bought from you last week is not working. Can you come out and fix it please.
John: Hi, Can you please describe the problem and I'll see what I can do.
Fiona: It's not working. Every time we switch it on it tries to start then shows F8 fault.
John: Does it do anything? Like pump water, spin, wash?
Fiona: No. Nothing at all. Just the F8 fault on the display.
John: OK. Give me a moment I'll check the workshop manual and get right back to you.
Fiona: OK.
Fiona: So when will you be coming out to fix it?
John: Still checking. Give me another 10 min or so.
Fiona: OK.
John: I've checked the workshop manuals and I'm afraid I can't fix it on site. You'll have to bring it back for repairs.
Fiona: But when we bought it I asked if you'd cover the repairs and you said yes.
John: That's right. But it is a return to base warranty.
Fiona: This makes it very awkward as we don't have a van to transport it and we really need to get it fixed ASAP as I now have a months worth of dirt washing.
John: I appreciate your problem. Like I said we can fix it for you but you need to bring the washing machine back to us.
Fiona: How do you expect me to do it if I have no transport?!
John: I can give you a number for a 'man with a van' that we usually work with. Dave 0779 234 2100.
Fiona: OK. I'll give him a call now and see if he can pick it up.
John: Please let us know what you arrange.
Fiona: Shall do.
John: Is there anything else that we can do for you today?
Fiona: No that'll be all. Thank you.
John: Great! Have a nice day.
Summary: Fiona bought a washing machine from John last week but it's not working properly, so she wants John to come and fix it.  John can't fix it onsite, Fiona needs to deliver the machine. John gives her a contact to Dave, who can transport it. Fiona will let John know the transport arrangements. 
Dialogue: Linda: i will make some food for our romantic evening :*
Linda: what would you like to eat?
Ronnie: something spicy
Linda: so maybe burrito?
Ronnie: honey, everything you will make would be great
Linda: oh you are so sweet
Linda: so i will make this burrito
Ronnie: i will buy some wine
Ronnie: or beer?
Linda: beer please
Linda: some APA
Ronnie: ok so see you in the evening :)
Linda: see you <3
Summary: Ronnie and Linda will see each other in the evening. Linda will make a burrito and Ronnie will buy some beer.
Dialogue: Steve: Breaking!
Mike: What r talking about?
Steve: Breaking news! Craig's left.
Mike: w8 a mo
Steve: Ann from HR told me. confirmed
Mike: back in sec
Steve: u back?
Mike: OK. Im back. So what the fuck happened?
Steve: dunno. apparently he planned it long time ago
Mike: wow, hard to believe. he worked here what, 15 years?
Steve: nearly 20
Mike: how old is he then?
Steve: 48
Mike: thought he was younger a bit
Steve: yeah, he's fit and all. looks younger
Mike: wonder what he's up to now
Steve: no idea. and who's takin over
Mike: yeah, we'll find out soon i guess
Steve: Monday gonna be interesting for sure
Mike: You bet
Summary: Craig has quit his job. He is 48 and he's worked for the company for nearly 20 years.
Dialogue: Nickie: hey ladies!!!! I'm home for the weekend, how about doing a ladies night?
Janine: Nickie, at last! I thought you were not coming
Nicole: hey B-) I'm in
Nicole: and Janine is right, explain yourself xd
Nickie: I'm so sorry girls, but it's all so different here...I have a lot of work, like at the university, apart from that I'm doing two courses and this job at the hostel...it's too much
Janine: two courses? what courses?
Nickie: the one from legal English, translations and so on and the other one from Italian, just to refresh the language
Nicole: how many shifts do you have at work?
Nickie: sometimes it's 3, sometimes 4...often at night, it's extremely overwhelming
Janine: jesus..do you sleep? do you even have time for that?
Nickie: I do, but it's about 5 or sometimes even 4 hours...I'm tired :/
Nicole: I think you should give up one of these activities or at least organize it somehow, cause you're not a strongwoman
Nickie: I know, I'm trying my best 
Nickie: but getting back to our plans, when are you free? maybe Sunday?
Nicole: I'm free on these two days
Janine: Saturday sounds cool
Nickie: Saturday then!
Summary: Nickie's home for the weekend and wants to organise a ladies night with Janine and Nickie. Nickie has a lot going on recently at work and the university. They'll all meet up on Saturday.
Dialogue: Damon: I got a promotion
Fleur: that's amazing :D
Fleur: congratulations!!!
Damon: thanks
Damon: but I'm not sure if I'm happy about it :/
Fleur: why not?
Damon: well, I was thinking about changing the job
Damon: and now I got a raise
Damon: and it became harder to quit :/
Fleur: well, that's tough
Fleur: u sure u wanna quit?
Damon: I thought so
Fleur: Maybe give it some time and see what will happen
Damon: maybe...
Summary: Damon got a promotion but he is not sure if he's happy about it because he was thinking about changing the job. He may give it some time to see what happens.
Dialogue: Tsar: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight? 
Sylvia: no, not in the mood for the pub
Tsar: :( 
Tsar: someting happened?
Sylvia: no, just not in the right mood. 
Tsar: Is there anything I can do? Maybe you're in the mood for something else?
Sylvia: Thx, it's nice of you to ask :*
Sylvia: No, I'd rather sit at home. 
Tsar: Okey. But call me anytime if you need me. 
Sylvia: <3 
Summary: Sylvia won't go to the pub with Tsar tonight as she's not in the mood. She'd rather stay at home.
Dialogue: Grant: Did you see what that crackpot president said today?
Sue: No, haven't had time to look at the news.
Grant: Something about this Saudi thing and the prince probably being innocent. What a moron.
Sue: OMG...
Grant: The guy is just a joke!
Sue: He is, I can't believe he got elected!
Grant: Neither can I...
Sue: He certainly isn't doing much for the country's morale.
Grant: All he does is stir up hate.
Sue: Yep. It's sad.
Grant: Very sad.
Sue: And we can't eat lettuce anymore...
Grant: What?
Sue: Romaine lettuce gives you ecoli.
Grant: Okay then...
Sue: LOL just reading the news now...
Grant: Didn't see that!
Sue: Yep. 
Grant: So much for my all lettuce diet!
Sue: NOT! 
Grant: Exactly! LOL!
Summary: Grant and Sue are unhappy about the president. Sue also learned form a news article that Romaine lettuce is bad for your health. 
Dialogue: Robert: yo did u talk to the teacher
Bale: i did but she wont do it
Robert: what do u mean she wont do it
Bale: i asked her to push the deadline forward a bit
Robert: and?
Bale: i had to get a lecture -_-
Robert: she says she wont do it
Bale: not per say
Robert: what do u mean
Bale: she didnt say she wont do it
Robert: what are u sayin
Bale: she says she'll think about it
Robert: come on man we have to submit that project or else our grade will fall down like a tree in the storm
Bale: like a tree in the storm?? xD xD
Robert: do we have time for jokes? :/
Bale: i dont know do we have time for old phrases xD
Robert: ugghh
Summary: Robert and Bale have to submit the project. Bale asked their teacher to push the deadline but she hasn't given them the answer. 
Dialogue: Barb: Happy birthday Aunt Melanie!
Melanie: thank u sweetie!!!
Melanie: i don't really celebrate my birthday anymore, though
Melanie: but thanks for remembering
Barb: of course! you're my favorite aunt
Barb: you've always been there when i've needed you
Barb: and for that i'm grateful <3
Barb: are you REALLY not celebrating your birthday?
Melanie: ur uncle matt will get a cake and some ice cream
Melanie: maybe watch a movie, and that's it!
Barb: that sounds great if you ask me
Barb: i'm jealous, you'll be having cake while i'm studying for a test
Melanie: you're right, it's not that bad sweetie!
Melanie: i hear your uncle matt pulling in, i'll text you tomorrow
Barb: ok!!
Summary: It's Melanie's birthday. Uncle Matt will buy a cake and some ice cream for this occasion. Barb is studying for a test. 
Dialogue: Frank: Hi there! What are you up to this weekend?
Maria: Hey! Not sure yet, any ideas?
Frank: I don't have plans either, should we meet?
Maria: Sure! How about Friday? I finish work earlier so we can meet for dinner, what do you think?
Frank: Sorry, I can't on Friday - I have lectures ...
Maria: No worries, what about Saturday? I have some stuff to do but I can be free in the evening.
Frank: Let me check my diary ... Oh no! My mom's birthday party ... I totally forgot!
Maria: Oops ... That doesn't sound good!
Frank: Oh boy, I don't have a gift!
Maria: Well, we can look for something together if you need help ...
Frank: Are you sure you have time for that? 
Maria: I can help you, of course, but only on Friday, as I said, I have some work to do on Saturday.
Frank: Ok then, let's meet up after my lectures, is it ok with you?
Maria: Ok, sounds good, where should we go?
Frank: Let's go to the new shopping centre, they have all the shops I want to visit.
Maria: Ok ... will 7pm be ok?
Frank: Yes! Perfect!
Maria: Great, see you then, I hope we will find a perfect gift!
Frank: Me too! We don't really have another option! See you!
Summary: Maria and Frank are going shopping for a birthday present for Frank's mom on Friday at 7pm.
Dialogue: Nata: i need to redecorate my room
Carla: why?
Nata: just because
Carla: so what do you plan?
Nata: don't know yet
Nata: i have to paint my walls
Carla: did you choose any colour?
Nata: i don't want anything grey, everyone has grey nowadays
Carla: true
Nata: i was thinking about something blue
Carla: i love blue, but everyone says that it's too cold for bedrooms
Nata: hmm
Nata: i have to think about it
Carla: maybe some yellow?
Nata: i have yellow now, so no
Summary: Nata needs to paint the walls in her room, but she doesn't know which colour to choose.
Dialogue: Bill: So? What do u think?
Nate: The place itself is fine. 
Bill: Bt?
Nate: Well, they serve a lot of seafood. They don't like seafood.
Bill: Something else then?
Nate: Yup.
Summary: Nate thinks the place is fine but they only serve seafood. They don't lke sea food. Bill is going to look for another place.
Dialogue: Frank: Okay... so how long does it need to be? 
Alice: She didn't say. I'm guessing she just wants us to choose something then do it. :/
Frank: Right... :/ so do you have any ideas? i was thinking maybe Romeo & Juliet?
Alice: Every1s gonna be doing R&J
Frank: true -_-
Alice: I was actuallythinking maybe Macbeth - you know that scene with the 3 witches ("double double toil and trouble")?
Frank: Oh yeah sure :D I'll go get my stuff - brb!
Frank: Let's do this!
Alice: Great! :D
Alice: Okay, so we have "Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd." - I was thinking of something like: "Oh look, the brinded cat miowed three times - think it means something?" (wtf does brinded mean??!)
Frank: ooh I like that! :) i think it means tawny :)
Frank: then: "Thrice, and once the hedge-pig whined. Harpier cries, “'Tis time, ’tis time." - I was thinking something like: "Really? The hedgehog only whined once! Although this guy Harpier did tell me it was time..."
Alice: :D haha!
Alice: Then we have (oh boy): "Round about the cauldron go, In the poisoned entrails throw. Toad, that under cold stone, Days and nights has thirty-one, Sweltered venom sleeping got, Boil thou first i' th' charmèd pot."
Frank: how bout - "Lets make our potion and dance around it! I say we throw in that toad that's been lying under that rock for the past month - it looks poisonous!"
Alice: You're brilliant! (How on earth did you come up with that??!) 
Alice: "Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble." - I wrote: "Double the work and double the trouble, let this fire burn so our cauldron can bubble"
Frank: Very nice ;) I covered a bit of Shakespeare at Drama class. :) btw, you are getting this down right?
Alice: yeah - gotta say this is kinda fun :) we make a good team
Frank: as if there was any doubt ;) but moving on - i've got an idea for the next part:
Frank: "Toad's not enough! We need to add more - pass me that a newt’s eye and frog’s toe. Maybe we can add some bat fur, a dog’s tongue... I also wanted the forked tongue from an adder, maybe lizard’s leg and an owl’s wing? That should do the trick! now our potion will truly be horrendous MWAHAHAHA!!!"
Alice: Alriht Shakespeare, no need for you to get carried away :) but I like what you wrote :) not quite so sure about the mwahahaha bit... :P
Frank: why not? Every villain needs an evil laugh :P 
Alice: fine, you win :P 
Summary: Frank and Alice choose a scene with the 3 witches from "Macbeth" for their assignment. Frank and Alice proceed to translate the Shakespearean dialog into every day modern English line by line.
Dialogue: Dominic: Have you seen the Mars photos?
Hazel: Amazing!
Dominic: How about this one? <file_pic>
Hazel: LOL! That's hilarious!
Dominic: LOL!
Summary: Dominic shares a Mars photo with Hazel. 
Dialogue: Rosaline: Yes another fucked up day
Lola: what happened?
Rosaline: It’s Bennie, hes doing it again
Lola: Doing what
Rosaline: You know very well, I told you so many times.
Lola: Ah yea showing interest and then running away
Rosaline: Yes, today on art class he mentioned sth about beautiful things and looked straight at me!
Lola: Cute ;)
Rosaline: Yupp but then he ignored me the whole class, afterwards I tried to catch up with him at the lockers but he just avoided me!
Lola: Maybe hes just shy
Rosaline: Okay but what am I supposed to do?
Lola: Make the first step
Rosaline: But I dont even know if hes interested!
Lola: cmon he wouldnt say such things if he wasnt
Rosaline: Sometimes I think hes just playing with me
Lola: cmon why would he do that
Rosaline: Idk, for fun
Lola: Its not that type of man, Im sure
Rosaline: You cant know that
Lola: You cant know anything for sure, ever, so you take the risk or not
Rosaline: Ehhhh I cant xd im too scared
Lola: your choice, youll regret it youll see
Summary: Rosaline is angry with Bennie, because he's showing interest and ignoring her alternately. Rosaline doesn't know if he's interested, but she's afraid of taking the first step.
Dialogue: Brian: Hi Jeff!
Brian: How are you doing?
Jeff: Hi Brian! I'm very fine, and you?
Brian: I would like to apologize but i will not be able to be today in the meeting or Monday- today I have calls and a doctor appointment on Monday.
Jeff: No problem, thanks so much for letting me know!
Summary: Brian can't go to the meeting with Jeff neither today, nor on Monday.
Dialogue: Robin: So did u tell Kim?
Jude: I did. And u know what she said?
Robin: No... But am afraid to ask.
Jude: That I should've!
Robin: No! That's true!
Jude: Did she say y?
Robin: Apparently she thought I'm too tense and too uptight and a good shag would do me wonders.
Jude: And that's y u fell out with her?
Robin: Basically. She tried apologising, but I didn't want to hear any of that.
Jude: Sry to hear that. 
Robin: It's all right. I'm fine without her.
Jude: How about online dating?
Robin: I'm not that lame!
Jude: I didn't mean that! Online dating is no longer for lame ppl. 
Robin: Right! How many ppl do u know who date online?
Jude: Kevin, Alex and Sam. To name a few.
Robin: Rly? Kevin? I thought he didn't have this kind of problems!
Jude: On the outside, he seems all macho, but on the inside, he's soft and shy. 
Robin: Rly? Kevin?! Didn't even cross my mind.
Jude: No, not Kevin. Don't even think about it.
Robin: What do u mean?
Jude: U know what I mean. He's not ur type of guy. 
Robin: Y not? He's single, I'm single. We can get to know each other.
Jude: Yeah, but he's not looking for anything serious at the moment. 
Robin: How do u know that?
Jude: I see how he treats his dates and, besides, he told me.
Robin: Rly? U talk about stuff like that?
Jude: Yeah. He's not interested in me and I don't fancy him in that way. We're just friends.
Robin: Does he know about that?
Jude: Sure. He proposed it!
Summary: Jude told Kim he had a sexual encounter. Kim was OK with that. They fell out. Kevin, Alex and Sam are dating online. Kevin is soft and shy.  He's not looking for a serious relationship right now. Jude and Kevin are just friends.
Dialogue: Alonso: mum
Felicity: What's the matter, Al?
Alonso: can u come asap
Felicity: Did something happen?
Alonso: i think i broke my leg and i need a lift
Felicity: Oh gosh! Just tell me where you are, I'll try to get there as soon as I can!
Summary: Felicity will pick up Alonso who broke his leg. 
