Dialogue: Lindsay: Boy! I'm so bored!
Martin: Y?
Lindsay: Got nothin to do. Duh.
Martin: Aren't you at work?
Lindsay: Yeah, so? 
Martin: Well, coffee maybe?
Lindsay: Nah, already had two. 
Martin: Some office gossip?
Lindsay: Nah, Lona's on sick leave.  
Martin: Anyone else?
Lindsay: Not really. I don't trust Maggie and Alex is mean to me.
Martin: Why is she mean to you?
Lindsay: Well, remember that Christmas party? 
Martin: The last one?
Lindsay: Aha. I spread some nasty rumours about her around the office. 
Martin: What rumours?
Lindsay: I told everyone she has herpes...
Martin: That's so precious!
Summary: Lindsay is bored at work.
Dialogue: Gavin: do you need the car tomorrow?
Bridget: no I dont think so
Gavin: can I take it in the morning?
Gavin: need to go to Bath
Bridget: ok sure. when r u back?
Gavin: tomorrow evening
Summary: Gavin will borrow Bridget's car. He will go to Bath and come back tomorrow evening.
Dialogue: Troy: Have you heard the latest speculations about Avengers 4?
Billy: Nope, I'm writing my thesis right now, haven't checked out any of that nerdy stuff over the past few days
Troy: Why don't you write a thesis on the Avengers movies then?
Billy: Hah, that would be nice
Troy: Something like, you know, "The Power Gap. Renegotiating Superhero Power Levels and Gender Discrimination in the Marvel Cinematic Universe"
Billy: Hah, you know, my gf is a feminist, she wouldn't like that type of jokes
Troy: Oh come on, don't be a soyboy!
Billy: I have the disturbing feeling that you're watching too many political videos on YouTube, man
Troy: No, I'm just trolling you
Billy: Well, as fun as being trolled by a friend may be, I really need to return to my thesis
Troy: Hey, what's the title of your thesis again? I forgot, sorry
Billy: Too many YouTube videos got you distracted
Troy: Guess so
Billy: Ok, it's "Conspiracy Theories and Shakespeare: from Umberto Eco to Disney's Gargoyles"
Troy: Wtf, I still think Avengers 4 would be a better topic
Billy: Then wait until I write my doctoral thesis a few years from now, lol
Summary: Billy is writing his thesis. Troy proposes controversial topic concerning Avengers. Billy doesn't approve of that idea, because his girlfriend is a feminist.
Dialogue: Oscar: Hi! I've heard that your sister speaks German fluently. Is this true?
Oscar: Is she looking for a job?
Oscar: I have a language school and right now I am desperately looking for a German teacher.
Emma: She does, but I'm not sure if she's ready to go back to work. She has recently given birth to her daughter and as far as I know she would like to spend some time at home with the baby.
Emma: But I will call her and let you know.
Oscar: Ok, thanks!
Oscar: Tell your sister congratulations! :-)
Emma: Laura said that she is not ready to leave Olivia with a babysitter, but she reminded me that we have a friend, who has a major in German.
Emma: Give me a second, I will try to contact her.
Oscar: What did she say?
Emma: Janice is interested, but she wants to talk to you on her own.
Emma: I gave her your phone number, I hope you don't mind it.
Oscar: Emma, you're a godsent!!! :-) Thanks!
Oscar: I was getting really desperate. You can't imagine how hard it is to find a German teacher in this town.
Emma: You're welcome. :)
Emma: Oh, really? I thought it is a rather popular profession.
Oscar: Well, it turned out it is not. I've been looking for a German teacher since June!
Emma: Then I'm happy that you've found one (potentially, of course). :)
Oscar: Once again thank you for all your help!
Emma: And once again: you're welcome, Oscar! :)
Summary: Oscar has a language school and needs to hire a German teacher.  Emma's sister speaks German, but she is not interested in this job offer as she has recently given birth. She has a friend to recommend. Referred girl is interested and will speak with Oscar on her own.
Dialogue: Tom: Should we order a pizza tonight?
Peter: isn't it your turn to cook?
Tom: it is, but I'm very tired today
Chris: pizza is good for me, don't worry
Peter: I don't mind it as well
Tom: thanks!
Summary: Tom, Peter and Chris are having pizza tonight. Tom's too tired to cook.
Dialogue: Fiona: Hi, can you spare some time for me this afternoon?
Dave: Hi, what are you planning?
Fiona: Nothing exciting. Well, actually it's more like cringy...
Dave: ???
Fiona: I don't want to waste your time or something.
Dave: What is it?
Fiona: And it's like... I hate to ask you for that.
Dave: Just spit it out!
Fiona: Will you come over to me and help me with the essay?
Dave: :-D
Dave: <file_photo>
Fiona: Very funny!
Dave: Come on! I thought it's going to be like a great favour or something with which I would earn your gratitude until the end of your life. And it's just an essay :-)
Fiona: It's just an essay for you. For me it is something I can't get through on my own :-(
Dave: What time?
Fiona: Up to you.
Dave: I'll come about 7
Fiona: Thank you!
Summary: Fiona asks David to come over and help her with her essay. They will meet about 7. 
Dialogue: Lola: Hi!
Matilda: Hi, Lola.
Lola: Can you change a bill of 100$?
Lola: I'll be home in a few minutes
Matilda: Sorry, I don't have cash. 
Lola: It's ok, I'll pop in to the grocery store
Lola: Do you want something?
Matilda: No, I'm ok. But thanks.
Summary: Lola is popping to the grocery store to change a 100$ bill. She will be home soon. 
Dialogue: Jeff: what time are we meeting today?
Joanne: 7 pm at Kraken Bar
Olivia: phew! I was afraid it was still 8.30
Mike: It's Monday :D
Olivia: Exactly!
Jeff: Thanks! Do we have a gift for her?
Joanne: I don't know, I'm not working there anymore, Ov?
Olivia: yes, we bought her a bottle of wine, a book and a scarf
Mike: how much do we owe you?
Olivia: 20 each
Jeff: perfect! See you later!
Summary: Jeff, Joanne and Olivia will meet tonight at 7 at Kraken Bar. They will give her a bottle of wine, a book and a scarf. They owe Olivia 20 each. 
Dialogue: Hugo: not sure if you're checking your "official" e-mail but tomorrows lecture has been canceled
Nathan: history?
Hugo: yeah, seems like the geezer is sick again
Hugo: not that I will complain about that
Nathan: he's not that bad
Hugo: are you kidding me?
Hugo: last week I almost fell asleep because of him
Nathan: you never were a big fan of history anyway ;)
Hugo: anyway, we have a free hour during the day
Hugo: want to try that new chinese place near the univ?
Nathan: sure, why not
Hugo: then it's settled, chinese food tomorrow!
Summary: Hugo and Nathan's history lecture has been called off, so they'll go for Chinese during their free hour.
Dialogue: Naomi: I’m worried about you Samuel. What’s wrong?
Samuel: I have some problems at work, but I mean REAL problems
Naomi: Fire away!
Samuel: My boss told me that I’ve exceeded the budget and I have to pay out of my own pocket
Naomi: How much is it?
Samuel: 20000 $
Summary: Samuel has problems at work - he's exceeded the budget and he has to pay 20000 $ out of his own pocket. 
Dialogue: Anita: hi.. 😭
Harold: hi, what happened???
Anita: Oli broke up with me 😭😭
Harold: omg no way!
Harold: poor Ani, sending virtual hugs! 😘
Anita: we agreed it doesn't make sense anymore
Anita: but it's so hard to move on
Harold: give yourself some time
Harold: do you want to go get some fresh air?
Anita: no, today I'm just a crying burrito
Harold: if you need anything just let me know
Anita: you're sweet
Harold: it will be for the best
Anita: I know we were not perfect
Anita: and it had to end at some point
Anita: we were not strong enough to do this
Harold: but now you can recover and be happy again
Anita: I hope so
Anita: Im gonna watch some comedies
Harold: take care
Anita: ttyl
Summary: Oli broke up with Anita, and she's upset about it.
Dialogue: Charlotte: you know it was my birtday?
Peter: i know
Charlotte: do you have any gift for me?
Peter: no
Charlotte: why?
Peter: i thought we are not making presents to each other
Charlotte: but you got one from me.
Peter: i told you you didn't have to
Charlotte: and i told you i wanted to
Charlotte: does it mean that you didn't wanted to give me anything?
Peter: it's not like this..
Charlotte: so it's what?
Peter: do we have to talk this way?
Charlotte: which way?
Peter: like having argument
Charlotte: we are not having argument
Charlotte: i'm just curious
Peter: i have forgotten to buy but i will have something
Charlotte: ehhh..
Peter: what?
Charlotte: nothing
Summary: Charlotte had a birthday. Peter don't have any gift for her, even if she gave him one for his birthday. He will have something for her.
Dialogue: John: I was buying beer and someone asked for my ID in tesco... 😒
Caroline: Stop rubbing it in! I dream about that happening to me!
Ella: I don't know Caroline… When it happened to me at a pub, I didn't feel too flattered 😂😂
John: Haha I can pretend to ask for your ID next time Caroline 😂
Summary: John was asked for his ID in Tesco. Caroline dreams about that happening to her. Ella didn't like when it happened to her.
Dialogue: Lisa: Could you buy some olive oil on your way back home?
Matthew: Yes, I could. Anything else just in case?
Lisa: Some tomatoes and garlic then :D
Matthew: I see you're preparing birthday dinner?
Lisa: You're right! I've already done some tasty stuff:D
Matthew: I can hardly wait :)
Lisa: <file_photo>
Matthew: <file_gif>
Lisa: LOL, cooking is such a hard job!
Matthew: That's why you're doing it occassionally XD
Lisa: You bastard! I cook quite often if you haven't noticed!
Matthew: I haven't :P
Lisa: You're so not invited for tonight :D
Matthew: Such a pity, but I live in the same house so you can't get rid of me XD
Lisa: Just buy what I want and get quickly here, guests will start arriving around 6 p.m.
Summary: Lisa is hosting a birthday dinner at 6 p.m. Matthew should buy some olive oil, tomatoes and garlic on his way.
Dialogue: Darcie: hey
Darcie: how is it going, are you busy?
Harvey: no that much. Why?
Darcie: I was thinking we could eat lunch together?
Harvey: not this time, I've got business lunch at 1 :(
Darcie: <file_gif>
Summary: Harvey won't eat lunch with Darcie as he's got business lunch at 1. 
Dialogue: Kinsley: Hi! :) How are you?
Kinsley: I hope, you've managed to dig yourself out of snow. :)
Miles: hi! :)
Miles: yup, surprisingly, i'm still breathing, even though i had to shovel hundreds pounds of snow this morning
Kinsley: Is the weather on Lofoten as extreme as in the USA?
Miles: it's not that cold in here, but we have really heavy snowfalls
Miles: today i had to jump out of the widow, because i couldn't open the door (!)
Kinsley: whoa
Kinsley: I hope you haven't broken any bones!
Miles: me too. :D
Miles: i hope we won't freeze our butts off this winter. :P
Summary: Miles shoveled hundreds pounds of snow this morning. He had to exit through the window, because the door couldn't be opened. They have really heavy snowfalls there on Lofoten. 
Dialogue: Keith: Im not doin this anymore
Fritz: what?
Keith: Hayley, its done
Fritz: Duuuude great
Fritz: I mean im sorry, yea, but shes a bitch xd
Keith: she is, ya were all right
Fritz: you see, dudes will always tell ya what to do
Keith: XD i had to get to this point
Keith: when youre absolutely done
Fritz: good for ya!
Fritz: so when will our king come to one of our parties
Keith: Ya still on everyday?
Fritz: almost xd
Keith: ah yea I missed it
Fritz: squad is what matters bro!
Keith: hell yea!!
Fritz: so how was it
Keith: what
Fritz: breakup how did u do it
Keith: Emmm i just told her… its not gonna work
Fritz: aaand what did she say?
Keith: that im an asshole and ill regret it 8)
Fritz: haha you will, after getting wasted tonight!!
Keith: looooool :D
Summary: Keith broke up with Hayley.
Dialogue: Monica: When's Gretha's baby shower?
Sylvia: Hm, Friday I think
Monica: Thanks!
Monica: Did you buy her anything? Basically, what one buys for a baby shower? :o
Sylvia: I didn't know so I bought something for the mother and something for the baby
Monica: Good idea
Sylvia: <file_photo>
Sylvia: This is what I bought - toy for the baby and a scarf for Gretha
Monica: Nice!
Monica: Looks like I need to go shopping
Monica: thanks for the tip!
Summary: Monica and Sylvia are attending Gretha's baby shower on Friday. Monica doesn't have any gift yet. Sylvia bought a toy for the baby and a scarf for Gretha.
Dialogue: Evangeline: bring my jacket to work
Evangeline: I need it this weekend
Shonda: ofc
Summary: Shonda will bring Evangeline's jacket to work.
Dialogue: Anita: Where RU???
Andy: Last Bulwell roundabout. Stuck in a jam. An accident on Molton Rd.
Anita: Sh... Can't wait any longer. Driving on to hospital.
Andy: Can't be helped. CU back home.
Anita: CU
Summary: Anita won't wait any more for Andy and drive to a hospital. Andy is stuck in a traffic jam at the last Bulwell roundabout. They will meet at home.
Dialogue: Doris: hello, not used to this yet. Jack showed me what to Do.
Maisie: yes, amazing what kids do these days, love. Our Gary helps us with so much computer stuff.
Doris: you going tomorrow?
Maisie : yes, hope to. Marge may be there though, hope she doesn't latch onto us!
Doris: I know, I've had enough of her and her operations! Perhaps Joan will be there and they can bore each other to death! You stick with me, dear!
Maisie: can't wait! We'll have a good old natter like we used to! I dont see many people from the old office anymore. See you at 10 outside the church.Bye!
Summary: Doris and Maisie are not experts at computer stuff. They are going out tomorrow. Maisie is looking forward to it. They are meeting at 10 outside the church.
Dialogue: Robert: Are you coming home for Christmas?
Zack: Always :-) How are you?
Robert: Good, thanks. 
Zack: I suppose you would like to have a small get-together with your old pal?
Robert: Always :-)
Zack: I'll think about that :-p
Robert: If you find an hour or two in your diary, don't hesitate to contact me :-D The phone number same as ever.
Zack: Rob, I'm going to sacrifice one whole evening for you. Maybe even the whole night. And you demand only 1 or 2 hrs? 
Robert: How kind of you :-)
Zack: We'll get back to that some time in December, ok? It's too soon to plan anyth.
Robert: Sure. Good to know you still remember about us.
Zack: Every year you do your utmost not to be forgotten, Rob, if you know what I mean. Till later :-)
Robert: Cheers!
Summary: Robert and Zack will meet around Christmas, as they do every year.
Dialogue: Artur: Good news guys, 12th will be a holiday
Monika: 200% and food <3
Damian: Yea, everyone is already talking about it. Has it been confirmed?
Artur: 100%. Just that it is unknown if shops will be open
Zbigniew: But why?
Artur: So that you could celebrate 11th
Zbigniew: My birthday <3
Artur: A birthday present costing Poland 4 billion, but hey
Damian: Fuck your birthday, it is POLAND'S BIRTHDAY
Zbigniew: Fuck Poland and love me
Artur: Who actually gave a day off, Zbigniew or Poland? :O
Zbigniew: Me, ofc
Damian: So what, first we go to the march, get wasted and after party at Zbigniew?
Zbigniew: Exactly. The president is also invited :D
Summary: Artur is happy that the 12th is off. Zbigniew has his birthday on the 11th. Damian suggests they go to the march and then meet at Zbigniew's.
Dialogue: Magnus: Look guys, I wont be able to come today
Neville: no way you must come
Noah: what happened?
Magnus: family matters
Magnus: sorry guys
Neville: noooo, it wont be so easy, tell us why
Neville: the real reason why
Magnus: my grandmother is in hospital and....
Magnus: it might be all over soon
Neville: oh, I am so sorry man
Noah: we understand it, go Magnus
Magnus: Thank you guys
Neville: We wish that she will get over it
Noah: ye, hope she will be fine
Magnus: me too...
Magnus: but i heard that the doctors are not so optymistic
Neville: I've heard of many instances where doctors were wrong
Noah: true, lets hope she will be alright
Summary: Magnus can't come today. His grandmother is in hospital in quite bad conditions.
Dialogue: Grey: if i had to guess, its you who started the fight
Yuri: hey what do you mean -_- who's side are you on
Grey: hey im on your side, if they want a fight we'll give them one
Yuri: yeah
Grey: but seriously, who started it xD
Yuri: it wasn't me this time
Grey: thank God!
Summary: This time Yuri didn't start the fight. Grey has got Yuri's back.
Dialogue: Jim: Madera’s brilliant!
Jim: <file_photo>
Jim: <file_photo>
Sylvia: Oh it looks stunning! Are you having fun?
Mark: So jealous!
Jim: It’s amazing, but I didn’t have a chance to visit much. Apparently, you need a car to get anywhere on this island. So far I walked around a  bit
Sylvia: Good that you got the driving licence, huh!
Jim: Oh yes, I’d have been totally stuck here. Walking is cool, but there’re no pavements here, basically like pedestrians didn’t exist on this island.
Mark: Sounds like the US!
Jim: It does, but there you at least a have space :D
Jim: I’m waiting for my first meal, it’s quite challenging to get something vegetarian here…
Sylvia: What are you having?
Jim: Vegetarian dish – that’s precisely what they wrote in the menu
Mark: Hahaha can’t wait what is going to be
Jim: Oh yes, me too!
Sylvia: Picture please :D
Jim: <file_photo>
Mark: Hm…
Sylvia: Well, let’s hope it doesn’t taste like it looks…
Jim: Thanks guys! It’s actually pretty nice
Sylvia: Who would have thought that Madera is not so vegetarian friendly
Jim: I don’t know about the whole Madera, at least this restaurant isn’t ;)
Summary: Jim is visiting Madera. Jim has a driving license. Jim is a vegetarian. 
Dialogue: Peter: <file_gif>
Janet: Hahaha very mature ;p
Janet: <file_gif>
Peter: hahahaha good one
Janet: Have you seen this one?
Janet: <file_gif>
Matt: Love you to bits guys, but this is a group conversation :P
Peter: Ok ok
Janet: Sorry Matt <3
Kate: Thanks mate for stopping this before I get like a hundred notifications :D
Summary: Matt stops Peter and Janet's conversation.
