Dialogue: Mum: Darling, can you take a bus? I must be at school at 7:30
Terry: no pro
Mum: sorry about it
Mum: I'll see you at home later
Terry: ok
Summary: Terry will have to take a bus, because Mum has to be at school at 7:30.
Dialogue: Josh: hi!
John: hi
Josh: SHE was here.
John: FUCK
Josh: yup, but hasn't notice anything.
John: what a relief 
Josh: but we should hide it better.
John: we will!
Summary: She was here but hasn't noticed anything. 
Dialogue: Betty: Are you free today?
Nicky: Not really :( But I'm free tomorrow.
Betty: Good. Tomorrow at Zach's?
Nicky: Same time, same place :-)
Betty: What are you doing today?
Nicky: I'm seeing Jack. 
Betty: :-) Is everything ok between you two?
Nicky: I think so.
Nicky: Yes, it's fine. Finally.
Betty: Love is in the air?
Betty: <file_video>
Nicky: I love this song :-) Yeah... love is in the air :-)
Betty: Like in a fairy tale.
Nicky: Well... sometimes it feels more like a psychological drama. But for now it's a fairy tale.
Betty: It can't be perfect all the time.
Nicky: I know. How about you?
Betty: I thought we would meet tonight and now it turns out I'm free. So, basically ... well ... I have no idea what to do in the evening but I will think of something :-)
Nicky: Don't do anything stupid  :-p
Betty: Me? I'm a good girl.
Betty: <file_gif>
Nicky: I've known you for too long to believe that!
Betty: Have fun and see you tomorrow :-)
Nicky: Thanks. See you :-*
Summary: Nicky and Betty are meeting tomorrow at Zach's the same time as before. Nicky will see Jack today. Betty has no plans for tonight just yet.
Dialogue: Lizzy: Were you at the opening of Monica's gallery yesterday?
John: Yes, but I was a little bit late.
Lizzy: Too bad! First speech was the best.
John: Why? 
Lizzy: Monica talked about her last trip and she showed some really funny pics.
John: And what about Mark?
Lizzy: What do you mean?
John: Was he with her yesterday?
Lizzy: Yes, they are "best friends" - you know what I mean :)
John: Really? I was sure he is with Jenny...
Lizzy: No, they were only on one date. 
John: Monica suits him better, she is just as crazy as he is…
Lizzy: :) … and just like you!
Summary: Lizzy and John were at the opening of Monica's gallery yesterday. Monica gave an interesting speech. Monica and Mark are together.
Dialogue: Claire: Heeyyy!!
Claire: I have arrived, waiting by Costa
Lucy: Ok.. be there in 2 min.. sorry..
Summary: Claire and Lucy are meeting at Costa in 2 minutes.
Dialogue: Laura: meet me at the restaurant
Laura: I'll not make it 2 u
Denis: ok
Summary: Laura and Denis will meet at the restaurant.
Dialogue: Kay: any word from Lucy?
Ken: not yet
Stacy: there's no signal there
Kay: I hope she's ok...
Summary: Lucy doesn't answer her phone.
Dialogue: Kevin: Shit, I failed my exams this semester
Lucas: Shite
Lucas: you're a pillock!
Lucas: why???
Kevin: I dunno, I had more interesting things to do
Lucas: <file_gif>
Kevin: <file_gif>
Summary: Kevin failed his exams this semester because he had more interesting things to do. Lucas is shocked and calls him a pillock.
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Zoe: <file_other>
Ruby: I don't trust people that are as happy as him :D
Zoe: hahah, feel the same
Zoe: but he's talking about sth really interesting ;-)
Ava: he looks as if he's eaten the smiley emoticon :P﻿
Summary: Ruby and Zoe do not trust people who seem to be too happy.
Dialogue: Finn: Tell me a secret
William: I’m Batman. Your turn
Finn: Obama is my daddy. You again
William: I’d never heard of Germany before I met you, I didn’t know where it is. And although I have been to Africa before, I am still quite nervous to visit
Finn: It's close to Africa
William: My map says it’s in central Africa. Near Congo. I’ll try to come, but Africa is a long way. 
Finn: On foot, yes. But not when you take advantage of Mario.
William: You’re a funny bunny. 
Finn: How many horses do you have?
William: Around 20. But my favourite one died last year.
Finn: I thought Mario was your fav.
William: I love Mario but his best friend was beautiful. A truly amazing horse. With his own personality. He was a loner, but Mario was his best friend. He ignored all other horses. He died peacefully next to Mario. They were together
Summary: William and Finn play telling secrets, e.g.: William is Batman, Obama is Finn's daddy, William'd never heard of Germany before he met Finn. William's been to Africa before, but is nervous about visiting it. William has about 20 horses, his favorite one died last year. He loved his horse Mario too.
Dialogue: Amy: I'm going to bed
Patrick: Already??
Amy: yeah, I'm tired
Patrick: OK, I'll try not to wake you up...
Amy: thx
Summary: Amy's going to bed.
Dialogue: Poppy: <file_photo>
Duster: oh no what happened!!
Poppy: I fell of my bike! 
Ursula: that's gonna leave a bruise! you ok?
Poppy: yeah, just proper ouchy!!
Summary: Poppy shares a photo after falling of her bike. She is sore but ok. 
Dialogue: Donald: Have you taken your medicine, sweetie?
Donald: I'm adding your mom to the conversation.
Hannah: Hello, honey. How's it going with the antibiotics?
Lucy: Hey, mom, hey, dad, I'm doing fine. I'm taking my medicine ;)
Hannah: Great to hear, honey. Take care and get well soon!
Lucy: Thanks, ma ;)
Summary: Lucy is taking antibiotics.
Dialogue: Dorothy: mom and dad are planning to go on a cruise for their 40th wedding anniversary
Lucas: wow! that sounds like fun
Dorothy: they'd like to know if we want to go
Lucas: mmmm
Dorothy: I know
Lucas: a cruise with our parents
Dorothy: i know!!! lol
Lucas: what do you think?
Dorothy: i would love to spend some time with them
Lucas: yeah, me too. is it expensive?
Dorothy: it's surprisingly affordable
Lucas: how many days is it?
Dorothy: 7
Lucas: i don't know if my boss will let me take that much vacation time
Dorothy: same here
Lucas: you know what? we shouldn't let that get on our way, let's go on the cruise!
Dorothy: really?
Lucas: yes! it will be a lot of fun.
Summary: Lucas and Dorothy's mom and dad are planning to go on a 7 day cruise for their 40th wedding anniversary. Lucas and Dorothy are going to join them.
Dialogue: Bobby: first snow!!!
Luca: !!!
Jenson: yay XD
Bobby: brb gonna write a song about it
Jenson: gogo :D
Luca: \m/
Summary: It's the first snow and Bobby is going to write a song about it.
Dialogue: Rory: Any football tonight?
Imogen: How should I know?
Rory: You work in a pub! You should know!
Imogen: I guess. But I don't.
Summary: IImogen doesn't know the football schedule although she works in a pub.
Dialogue: Ivy: Hey guys. How did it go?
William: Hey Ivy! Quite well I must say.
William: But I don’t want to speak for the others!
Ted: Hey Ivy! 🤗 Yeah, it was good. I wasn’t expecting so much relevant info actually
Ivy: Lol
Raul: Ha ha ha. Yer, It was cool. I got excited about some info and published it on Twitter. Virtually no RTs but still… it will be there awaiting some interest from future generations 😂
Ivy: Oh lol, wait, I’ll retweet everything asap
Raul: Ha ha please do 🙏
William: To be fair I quite liked the idea of live tweeting. It might work better on bigger events but it was a good start. So thanks for that Raul
Raul: The pleasure is mine 💙
Raul: It’s actually fun to learn how to use Twitter, which I’d probs never do if not for the committee work
Ivy: 🤣 Good for you
Raul: 🤡
William: On a different note, I have no idea what the guy from Queen Mary was doing there. His stuff seemed to be SO unrelated to the subject…
Raul: Live tweeting made me focus on what he was saying so I can tell you there were a few bits of info that he gave that were relevant (in my view)
Raul: But what happens is that their collection is very specific, so if you’re not working on the few subjects they specialise in, they’re basically useless
William: Ahhh ok. You’re right!
Summary: William, Ted and Raul really liked the event. There was a lot of relevant info. Raul was live tweeting. Ivy's going to retweet everything.
Dialogue: Joanne: You've seen this? :D
Joanne: <file_photo>
Hannah: hahahhaah, priceless <3
Summary: Joanne sends Hannah a picture.
Dialogue: Leah: After the meeting, can we go over the new machine?
Mason: Sure. Right after?
Leah: Yes. Unless it's lunch or something.
Mason: I'm supposed to show Ed how to use it at 3. Want to just join us?
Leah: Yeah, only I don't think Ed likes me.
Mason: Don't be silly! Its just for a little while anyway.
Leah: I know. I agreed. 
Mason: He's fine with you, I promise.
Leah: I think I got his friend fired!
Mason: You did, but he doesn't blame you.
Leah: He doesn't?
Mason: No. He knows she was late all the time and other stuff.
Leah: Okay. We'll see how it goes. 
Mason: Anyway, be sure to wear your safety stuff. We'll get in trouble if you don't.
Leah: Really cracking down are they?
Mason: In a big way.
Leah: Was there an accident?
Mason: No, just insurance stuff.
Leah: Oh. Saving money.
Mason: Exactly.
Leah: Okay, I'll see you at 3.
Mason: Great.
Summary: Mason is going to teach Leah and Ed how to use the new machine at 3. Leah is worried that Ed doesn't like her. Mason reminds Leah to wear her safety stuff.
Dialogue: Fong: Hey 
Fong: Is Long in Switzerland? 
Kevin: Ye he is
Kevin: Studying there
Fong: Like hotel management? 
Kevin: Yes
Kevin: Hes a baller
Fong: Lol
Fong: no shit
Fong: A year tuition there is like what? 30 000 franks at least
Kevin: I dont remember but a lot! 
Kevin: XDDD
Fong: Crazy 
Kevin: Maybe less than that but
Kevin: I would never go to a school like that
Kevin: Most people don't do anything with it
Fong: I think so too
Fong: Like still customer service for quite a while before you become a manager
Kevin: Yeah and at the same time you probably become a manager in any field without a hotel management xd
Kevin: generally speaking*
Fong: Agreed.
Summary: Long is studying Hotel Management in Switzerland. Long's degree is expensive but has little practical value.
Dialogue: Maria: How are you doing this morning?
John: ok, was I very drunk?
Maria: quite 
John: fuck, I shouldn't have drunk so much
Maria: happens to everybody sometimes
John: I think I talked too much 
Maria: but nothing untrue 
John: haha, in vino veritas they say
Maria: and they're right!
Summary: Maria wants to know if John is feeling well after yesterday's party. He was drunk but was not saying anything bad, or at least untrue according to Maria.
Dialogue: Caro: Hi Honey! :) How are you? Haven't seen you in a while. 
Talya: Hi Darling! I'm fine. How about you?
Caro: Good :) I'm launching my own company, so it's quite a busy time.
Talya: Wow, great! 
Caro: You know, it has it's upsides and downsides.. But, yeah, I'm glad. 
Talya: It's good the you can be your own boss.
Caro: Exactly. What do you do now? 
Talya: Usual. I'm trying to dance as much as possible and I work at Turkish-Polish foundation. 
Caro: Are you preparing any new projects? 
Talya: Actually yes. There will be one in October. 
Caro: And the premiere?
Talya: We're planning it for May, but you know how it is. 
Caro: Yeah, I know. Dis you already book the theatre space for May?
Talya: No, not yet.
Caro: Cos there is that big thetre festival in May. May get crowded...
Talya: You're right! I'll check what's left. If everything is booked alreay, we don't need to hurry...
Caro: Yep. 
Summary: Caro is launching her own company and is busy. Talya dances as much as she can and works at a Turkish-Polish foundation. Talya is working on a project launching in October. The premiere is planned for May, but Talya hasn't booked the theater space yet. There's a big theater festival in May.
Dialogue: William: hello
Isabel: hi
William: whats up?
Isabel: getting ready for gym
William: oh, you are training?
Isabel: twice a week
William: i have to join you one day :)
Isabel: maybe today?
William: but you are almost ready..
Isabel: i will wait for you :)
William: ok so give me 20 minutes
William: i will go with you
Isabel: ok :)
Summary: Isabel goes to the gym twice a week. William decides to join her today. He will be ready in 20 minutes. Isabel offers to wait.
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Anna: Hi, are you in town this weekend?
Sabrina: No, I have a lot to study for next week...
Anna: That's very sad :( 
Sabrina: Why? Why are you asking anyway?
Anna: Cause I'm throwing my birthday party and wanted to invite you for it
Sabrina: OMG! I've totally forgot about your birthday! I'm so so sorry...
Anna: It's not such a big deal
Sabrina: I promise you I'll come next week home and then we can have our own party :D
Anna: Yeah that sounds good
Sabrina: I hope you will enjoy it. I saw yesterday that a new horror is coming into cinemas maybe we could check it out?
Anna: I love horrors! Hopefully it will be scary :D
Sabrina: And after that I'm inviting you to this new fancy restaurant to have a couple of drinks, what do you think about it?
Anna: I can't wait till you come back <3
Sabrina: See you soon darling :* 
Summary: Sabrina can't make it to Anna's birthday party, because she has to study. Instead, Sabrina will meet Anna next week for a horror movie at the cinema and drinks at the restaurant.
Dialogue: Raiola: :Good evening. I have just sent some cash to the wrong person
Jose: Good evening Raiola. To which mobile number have you sent the cash?
Raiola: 2547**********
Jose: Okay. How much have you sent?
Raiola: 7000 SH 
Jose: Okay. I have reversed the transaction and all you have to do is wait for at most 2 hours then you will have your cash back into your account
Raiola: Thanks
Jose: Is there any other issue you would like to address?
Raiola: No
Jose: Okay. Have yourself a lovely evening
Raiola: Same to you
Summary: Raiola sent 7000 SH to a wrong account, but will have her cash back within 2 hours.
Dialogue: Nicole: Hey John
John: Hey Nicole
Nicole: What are you doing?
John: Surfing the internet. I’m looking for a new car, don’t know actually which one to choose. There are a lot of options and I haven’t decided yet.
Nicole: Right
John: Something on you mind, Nicole?
Nicole: No, no
John: Well then did you message me for any particular reason?
Nicole: Just seeing how you are
Nicole: Wanted to catch up with my big brother
John: Yeah, how’s work?
Nicole: Pretty good, new challenges and new opportunities
John: Good 😊
Summary: John is looking for a new car online.
Dialogue: Ellen: Let's go shopping tomorrow
Portia: nooooo, it's too close to Christmas
Ellen: We could make a day out if eat, have lunch at the food court, I know you love junk food :D
Portia: I do love junk food. But not as much as I hate Christmas crowds
Ellen: you grinch
Portia: :P I higly recommend: www.zalando.pl
Ellen: <file_gif>
Summary: Ellen would like to go shopping with Portia tomorrow, but she refuses for fear of Christmas crowds.
Dialogue: Marcello: greetings from the laundromat!!
Sophia: ugh i don't envy you
Marcello: doing laundry is the worst
Sophia: you should get a washer and a dryer
Marcello: i will when i have money!!!
Summary: Marcello uses laundromats.
Dialogue: Macey: I am really sad :(
Jairo: Oh :/
Macey: Should we go out?
Jairo: Sure
Macey: What do you usually do when you hang out with your friends?
Jairo: I go to restaurant or sit at my friend's home
Macey: Do you prefer having a lot of friends or just a few close ones?
Jairo: I have few friends which are closer as compared to others
Macey: Hmm
Jairo: Dont worry we will figure out something for you
Macey: Should we go to ice cream parlor?
Jairo: Yeah we should
Macey: Would be outside of your house sharp at 8pm
Summary: Macey is sad. Macey and Jairo will go to the ice cream parlor. Macey will be at Jairo's house at 8 pm sharp. 
Dialogue: Eva: i have nothing to wear
Grace: as always
Eva: but today i MUST look gorgeous
Grace: as always
Eva: but today im going out with Tom
Grace: Tom Morgan?
Eva: of course, Tom Hotty Morgan
Grace: restaurant?
Eva: yes, La Donna Pasticella 
Grace: so maybe this red dress?
Eva: too long
Grace: hmm, this orange is shorter
Eva: i will look like Orange tree, with my green hair
Grace: black is too obvious
Eva: black is always a good idea ;)
Summary: Eva is going out with Tom Morgan and she wants to look gorgeous. They are going to La Donna Pasticella restaurant. Grace suggests a red or orange dress but Eva prefers a black one.
Dialogue: Steve: Gosh, I'm so bored at work I wanna get
Mathew: lol, nothing to do?
Steve: No, plenty to do but it's just a look boring, I have to change work
Mathew: What would you change it to, though? This is what you majored in lol :D
Steve: maybe I'll become an astronaut...
Mathew: haha, not that again!!
Steve: Why? It would be amazing. Like Interstellar xD
Mathew: Or Passengers, have you seen it?
Steve: Have I SEEN it! Phew :P
Mathew: right... you've probably gone twice. 
Steve: 3 times
Mathew: get help 
Steve: hahaha you've got your quirks too, you know!
Mathew: Yeah? Like what?
Steve: C'mon, Kill Bill?
Mathew: What about it? 
Steve: you couldn't stop talking about it for a month!!
Mathew: Only cause it's like the BEST MOVIE EVER?!
Steve: Weirdo...
Mathew: rotfl, go back to work, employee of the month! 
Steve: Dont you worry about me, bro :D
Summary: Steve is bored at work. He wants to change it and become an astronaut. Mathew's favorite movie is Passengers and Steve's is Kill Bill.
Dialogue: Emily: do you have the current issue of women's health?
Grace: the one with jessica alba on the cover?
Emily: yes
Grace: yeah, i've bought it, why?
Emily: i've left mine in the train and i remember that there were some pretty easy recipes for meatballs
Emily: can you send me photos of them? please
Grace: sure, here you are
Grace: <file_photo>
Grace: <file_photo>
Emily: thanks! :> are you going to the grandma's birthday party?
Grace: i wish i could - i have a night shift tonight :((
Emily: oh, what a shame :( i hoped we'll catch up, gossip and so on
Emily: come by when you have some spare time :)
Grace: can i drop in on you tomorrow evening?
Emily: sure! :) see you soon!
Grace: bye! :))
Summary: Grace has sent Emily 2 photos of recipes for meatballs from the current issue of "Women's Health". Grace cannot go to the grandma's birthday party tonight because she has a night shift. Grace will visit Emily in the evening tomorrow.
Dialogue: Alex: guess what?
Darcey: what?
Alex: I bought tickets to a certain concert…
Darcey: you got my attention :D
Alex: <file_photo>
Darcey: wohooo! Arctic Monkeys! You're the best!
Darcey: were they expensive?
Alex: let's say it's a gift from me to you :D
Darcey: <3 <3 <3
Summary: Alex bought tickets to an Arctic Monkeys concert for Darcey and himself. 
Dialogue: Alicia: <file_photo>
Eddie: wow
Alicia: it will do :D
Alicia: it’s reaaaally nice on the inside
Eddie: :D
Summary: Alicia is sending a photo to Eddie and finds its content nice on the inside. 
Dialogue: Mike: Man, I need a piece of advice
Lukas: I'm listening :D
Mike: There is this chick I work with
Mike: I like her
Mike: She also seems somehow attracted to me
Mike: But I'm not sure and I need to check it
Mike: How can I check it?
Lukas: Hahaha. Invite her out m8 :D
Lukas: If you know each other some time now, you can surely think of inviting her to dinner or something :D
Mike: Maybe I will :D
Mike: Thanks man :)
Lukas: No problem :P
Summary: Mike thinks a girl he works with is attracted to him. He will invite her out to see if he's right.
Dialogue: Mike: R we meeting at 5 p.m. today?
Paul: Yes
Paul: Don't forget about it!
Paul: I know you
Mike: yes yes
Mike: I'll try :)
Summary: Mike reminds Paul that they are meeting at 5 pm today.
Dialogue: Nancy: Hey guys! Which social media platform do u use most often?
Vic: Facebook.
Phil: Twitter.
Nancy: Phil, y do u use twitter?
Phil: Well, I'm interested in many things and I can get my news almost asap :)
Summary: Phil uses Twitter most often to keep up with the news and Vic uses Facebook.
Dialogue: Abigail: Hey, you want my old couch?
Anna: Your couch? Don't you need it :)
Abigail: No, I'm getting rid of it cause I ordered a new one. There's nothing wrong with it, you've seen it.
Anna: Yeah, I love the colour, it's the colour of an eggplant :)
Abigail: It's super comfortable, but the colour doesn't match my apt anymore. It was time for something new. I found a cool deal too.
Anna: How am I going to get it over here?
Abigail: My brother can help, he's got that cube van, remember?
Anna: Ok, cool. I'll buy him a few beers for the help :)
Abigail: No need to help grow his gut :)
Anna: When is your new couch coming?
Abigail: In a week. I can ask my brother to help the Sat. after that.
Anna: Ok, sounds good :) Do you want something for it? I mean, the couch is in really good condition.
Abigail: No, of course not! I owe you big time for last month anyways :) I would be in heaps of trouble if it wasn't for you.
Anna: Stop it! I didn't do anything. Anyways, I gotta go, but I'm super excited about my soon-to-be-mine couch
Abigail: Good! I'm looking forward to mine too :)
Anna: :)
Summary: Abigail bought a new couch and she will give the old one to Anna.
Dialogue: Nancy: hey Kim
Kim: hi 
Nancy: can you borrow me your purple nail polish? 
Kim: sure 
Kim: which one? 
Nancy: that one you had at the party 
Kim: okay 
Summary: Nancy wants to borrow Kim's purple nail polish.
Dialogue: Derek: Busy tonight?
Mike: No, planned to watch ”Friends” ;-)
Derek: Again??? 
Mike: Yes, again:-) I can watch it all day long, you know me.
Derek: No, stop. Let's go to a movie.
Mike: I'd rather not.
Derek: Why not?
Mike: You know I don't like crowds.
Derek: So, let's go to an early movie. They show oldies but goldies;-)
Mike: Okay, that shouldn’t be very crowded, I think.
Derek: What would you like to see?
Mike: Oh, I don't care. You're the one who wants to go out, not me ;-)
Derek: Well, I want to see "The Wedding Planner." 10.30 a.m.
Mike: Again:-) For the story, of course? ;-))
Derek: Of course:-) This is a very nice and relaxing movie, perfect for Saturday evening. You know I love J. Lo. She is a great actress.
Mike: And a singer too, remember :-) ?
Derek: Yep:-) So, We’re set. See you at 10.00 then. My place
Mike: OK. See you.
Summary: Derek and Mike will watch "The Wedding Planner" tomorrow at 10.30 a.m. They will meet at 10.00 at Derek's place.
Dialogue: Alex: I've just reported the issue.
Colin: And what did they say?
Alex: That sb will call me within a week.
Colin: Weird.
Alex: It is.
Colin: Do you have any idea how it happened?
Alex: Not the least.
Colin: You know, it's just 15 quid. What if it was sth more expensive?
Alex: I'm asking that myself too...
Colin: I'm really curious how it will finish. I'd like to know what to do if it happens to me.
Alex: I'll let you know.
Colin: Yeah. Keep me updated. I hope you won't have to pay for that 'imaginary' birthday cake.
Alex: If I have to, I will and then I'm going to make a big thing of that in the local press and fb. I won't leave it like that.
Colin: You're right. Let it serve as a warning to others.
Alex: That's right.
Summary: Alex lost 15 pounds on a birthday cake he did not receive. He reported this issue and is waiting on somebody to call him within a week.
Dialogue: Vic: good evening
Boss: good evening 
Vic: I'm sorry I contact with you by this platform but I have lost my phone 
Vic: I can't come to the office tomorrow 
Boss: why? 
Vic: I have to go to the police station tomorrow to make statement about my stolen stuff 
Boss: oh I'm sorry to hear that 
Boss: of course I understand 
Summary: Vic won't come to the office tomorrow as he needs to go to the police station.
Dialogue: Robin: Hi. I'd like to cancel tomorrow's lesson.
Eric: Unfortunately, it's too late to cancel. You would be charged the fee for the lesson.
Robin: Sorry for the late notice, but I don't feel well.
Eric: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, that's our policy. Please decide if you can come maybe for just 30 min.
Robin: Ok, I will let you know tomorrow.
Eric: Thank you.
Summary: Robin wants to cancel a lesson with Eric, as she's not feeling well. It's too late to cancel, so Robin will be charged the fee for the lesson. Robin may try to come just for 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Mia: We should collect some money for this family
Mia: I can't stop thinking about their problems
Lene: yes, and they were so hospitable
Terry: I think we could organise a little street-funding in Berlin
Terry: and then just send them the money
Peter: But can one collect money just like this?
Mia: I doubt. One has to register an organisation
Mia: otherwise people would just embezzle money all the time
Summary: Mia, Lene, Terry and Peter are planning to raise some money for this family. It is necessary to register an organization to be able to raise money, as Mia points out.
Dialogue: Henry: Hello. Can I call you?
Phil: Now? Not really :-(
Henry: Busy? When?
Phil: Busy. 3pm?
Henry: ok :-)
Summary: Henry will call Phil at 3pm.
Dialogue: Arabella: That's it! I'm joining a gym!
Ezra: Why?
Arabella: I can't fit into my fave jeans! Wahhhh!
Ezra: LOL! Fatty!
Arabella: I am!!!! Waaaaaa!!!!
Ezra: Don't worry, you'll work it off in no time.
Arabella: I'm signing up for boot camp!
Ezra: Sounds serious!
Arabella: You bet your ass!
Summary: Arabella is joining a gym and signing up for boot camp.
Dialogue: David: Why nobody is here?
Richard: I'm on the way, don't worry
Susan: I'm sick, I can't come tonight
David: 🤦🏻‍♂
Summary: Richard is on his way to meet David. Susan is sick, so she cannot join tonight.
Dialogue: Junior: Hey mate, I'm running late for the game!
Richard: It's about to start. You'd better hurry up!
Junior: Getting off the bus right now. I'll be there in 10!
Summary: Junior is 10 min late for the game.
Dialogue: Jenny Morris Sharpei: Morning chic yeah I was thinking the same lol xx I’ll pop over for 12 ? Xxx
Caron: Ok.. bring some drops for Molly  xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok and wormer xx
Caron: Oh yeah xxx
Caron: <file_photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Lol aww xxx
Caron: <file-photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww xx
Caron: Hiya hun.. how are you? How's the paper work going? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Hiya Hun hopefully council is coming out this week xx
Caron: Good.. we need to get together and finish off everything have you managed to look.over the stuff I gave you for any alterations before the council?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah it’s all good but was wondering about the deposit and payment on the same sheet is that ok do u think ? How’s molls ? Xx
Caron: We can do it however you like.. Molly is great.. she's lost loads of weight now she's running around.. her coat is so soft with the coconut oil.. she's really happy bless her eyes are good we wash them out every morning.. she comes upstairs all the time now and sleeps on my bedroom floor.. Luna won't let her on the bed lol.. me and Andy going to take them to westonbirt on Sunday for a big walk around the trees should be nice this time of year xx how's you and your chap? I've seen a few Facebook posts Is it still on? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww glad she’s happy love her . Yeah we’re still ok but I don’t know really lol xxx
Summary: Jenny Morris Sharpei will pop over for 12. She will bring some drops for Molly and wormer. Council should come out this week. Jenny Morris Sharpei and Caron has to finish off preparations. Andy and Caron will take Luna and Molly for a big walk on Sunday. Jenny is fine with her new chap.
Dialogue: Diana: don't forget your passport like last time
Lee: don't worry, I won't forget it
Diana: you said the same thing last time
Lee: but this time it's true :)
Diana: I hope so :)
Summary: Lee will try not to forget her passport.
Dialogue: Terry: <file_other>
Terry: did you see this interview with Kit Harrington?
Ann: Yeah, I laughed so hard
Ann: <file_gif>
Terry: hysterical to me :D
Summary: Ann saw the interview with Kit Harrington and it was hysterical to Terry. 
Dialogue: John: <file_other>
John: this blog is awesome
Ewan: I know this one
John: <file_other>
John: thats the trip I want to do next year
Ewan: man you need like 3 weeks of holidays :)
John: I can just quit this shitty job ;)
Ewan: <file_other>
Ewan: check out this one
Ewan: the guy is obsessed with the world's most remote islands
Ewan: he's been on south pacific, indian ocean
Ewan: and now waiting for a ship to tristan da cunha
John: I saw a documentary about it on tv
John: amazing place, no escape from there
Ewan: and no chance to find you once you get there ;)
Summary: John wants to go on a trip next year. He and Ewan are following a blog of a person who travels to remote islands.
Dialogue: Felix: Do you know this guy:
Felix: <file_other>
Ben: no, never heard of him
Felix: so listen to this album
Bob: hmm, sounds good
Serena: ohm this is what they call indietronica?
Felix: yes!
Summary: Felix sends a file with an indietronica artist to Ben, Bob and Serena.
Dialogue: Daisy: I want a snowball war!
Evan: but there's no snow...
Daisy: :(:(
Summary: Daisy would like a snowball war, but Evan says ther is no snow.
Dialogue: Edward: Until further notice, the canteen staff will not be offering made-to-order food of any kind.
Edward: This is to save costs and staff shortages.
Wendy: I'll put out a memo.
Edward: Signs for the canteen tables would be appropriate as well.
Wendy: No problem.
Summary: The canteen staff will not offer made-to-order food to cut costs. Wendy will put out a memo about it.
Dialogue: Stephanie: I can't believe it
Stephanie: Billy forgot about our anniversary
Ashley: what?? 
Ashley: I can't believe it
Ashley: Billy, of all people? this man remembers EVERYTHING
Stephanie: well, that's what I thought, too... he's never forgotten before!
Ashley: are you sure everything's okay? I think you've told me before that you don't get to spend too much time together these days
Stephanie: ever since he got promoted, he's had his hands full
Stephanie: we barely go out any more, so I was hoping that at least on our anniversary...
Stephanie: but I guess not
Ashley: I'm so sorry :( is he home yet?
Stephanie: no, he called earlier today to say he might be late
Stephanie: something about a longer business meeting
Ashley: I see...
Ashley: maybe he's got something planned and wants to surprise you?
Stephanie: but he knows I hate surprises
Ashley: well, a nice surprise every now and then should be okay, right?
Ashley: stay positive!
Stephanie: I don't want to get my hopes up and end up even more disappointed later on
Ashley: oh come on, you're being too pessimistic now
Stephanie: I guess this isn't like me, but I'm really bummed, I don't know
Stephanie: these things have always been important to me
Summary: Billy forgot his anniversary with Stephanie. They don't spend time together lately, because after the promotion Bill has a heavy workload. He called earlier to say he may be late. 
Dialogue: Alexis: hey any news from John?
Alexis: anyone?
Katie: nope;/
Jacob: no
Greg: nothing
Greg: ok now I'm starting to worry
Alexis: yeah exactly
Katie: hm I guess u tried calling him on his mobile?
Alexis: of course
Jacob: yeah me too
Jacob: i also texted him
Greg: i tried only WA
Katie: ok I'll call him mum
Alexis: ok
Jacob: i guess it's too soon to worry
Jacob: his plane was delayed
Greg: how to you know?
Jacob: flight radar
Greg: right
Katie: yeah ok. that's what his mum said
Katie: the plane was delayed. he should be landing around now so probably he'll get in touch within the next 2 hours or so
Alexis: phew!
Greg: yeah, that's a relief
Summary: Alexis, Jacob, Greg, and Katie are looking for John. John's flight appears to be delayed. John should get in touch within the next 2 hours.
Dialogue: Jane: this has honestly been the worst breakup i've ever had :-(
Jane: thanks for theing there for me <3 
Stephanie: that's what friends are for
Stephanie: you should come out with me tonight for a ocuple of dirinks?
Stephanie: it'll be fun and maybe you'll meet a cute guy
Jane: lol i'm not sure i'm ready for that
Jane: but thanks for taking care of me
Jane: i appreciate i t a lot xoxo
Summary: It was the worst breakup for Jane. Stephanie wants to take Jane for drinks. Jane is not sure she is ready for that. Jane appreciates Stephanie's care.
Dialogue: Ezra: hey i just realised something
Carson: what
Ezra: im Ezra Miller, The Flash... XD
Carson: are you kiddin' me :/
Ezra: the fastest man alive B)
Carson: go to sleep dude its 3 in the morning
Summary: Ezra jokes about him being the Ezra Miller, the fastest man alive. Carson doesn't appreciate the joke in the middle of the night.
Dialogue: Darren: Pete's still fast asleep I checked
Darren: if James tells you that I dared him to drink all that vodka he's a fucking liar I swear
Darren: I did tell him however, that he's turned into a lightweight and prissy baby
Darren: and I got you that dress you were admiring at that boutique on Madison
Emilia: He's got a concussion but he'll be fine. And thank you for the dress.
Emilia: But it doesn't change the fact that you were *both* acting irresponsibly.
Darren: ...
Darren: Em, I'm sorry.
Emilia: I know you are, but it doesn't make me any less worried.
Emilia: ESPECIALLY since Pete was under your care tonight
Darren: I know, I know, I screwed up big time tonight.
Darren: but to be fair, James only got drunk *after* Pete was taken care of
Darren: *and* James and I haven't seen each other in ages
Emilia: I know, which is why i was all up for you heading out and me staying in with Pete
Emilia: But plans change and the moment they do, you should have acted maturely.
Darren: I do act maturely!
Emilia: Yeah, most of the time. But whenever James is in the picture it's like you stop thinking.
Darren: how long have you felt this way?
Emilia: ...
Darren: huh
Darren: why didn't you tell me?
Emilia: Tell you what? Your best friend isn't good for you? I figured you needed a wake-up call. I just hoped it wouldn't be tonight while I was covering my shift.
Darren: Shit, i really did mess up.
Emilia: Look, I'm not angry. i mean, i *was*
Emilia: But I get it
Darren: I'll make it up to you?
Emilia: After tonight? You better!
Summary: Emilia is disappointed with Darren's behavior. He got drunk while Pete was left with him. 
Dialogue: David: Hi gorgeous! How are you today?
Jen: Oh hello! :-) Just out and about doing a spot of shopping.
David: That sounds like fun! What are you buying?
Jen: I have to find a present for my sister. It's her 30th soon.
David: Any ideas what you might get her?
Jen: That's what I'm debating with myself at the moment. Still not sure.
David: Have you narrowed it down?
Jen: I've spent most of the day so far trying to narrow it down. LOL
David: Any closer then?
Jen: Unfortunately not! You know what she's like. What do you think I should get her?
David: Hmmm... I wouldn't like to guess just in case I get it wrong.
Jen: LOL that's exactly the position I'm in.
Jen: Damned if I do and damned if i don't.
David: Exactly!
Jen: So ... what do I get her?
David: A shop voucher?
Jen: You know what... That's actually a fairly good idea. Then she can choose what she wants herself.
David: See I wasn't that hard after all then. :-)
Jen: Waterstones? She does like reading...
David: That's my girl! xoxo
Jen: Books voucher it is then. xoxoxo
Summary: Jen's looking for a present for her sister's 30th birthday. Following David's advice she will get her a Waterstones voucher, because she likes reading books.
Dialogue: Jerry: Did you see this article?
Jerry: <file_other>
Caroline: Whaat? I can't believe it!
Jerry: yup, the first page!
Caroline: <file_gif>
Summary: Caroline can't believe seeing the article Jerry's just sent her.
Dialogue: Clark: i think i saw you walking down sycamore st earlier today
Clark: was that you?
Evan: yeah i was on my way to the shops
Clark: i thought so
Clark: i waved but i think you didn't see me
Evan: i didn't man, it's a shame
Clark: it would have been nice to say hi
Evan: i know
Evan: i haven't since you since karen's birthday
Clark: that was months ago
Evan: anything new in your life?
Clark: i'm moving to berlin in a couple of weeks
Evan: nice!!! any reason in particular?
Clark: no lol just looking for adventure.
Clark: what about you? anything new?
Evan: actually i'm getting married next month
Clark: congratulations!!!
Summary: Ian saw Evan walking down Sycamore Street earlier today, but Evan didn't see him. They haven't seen each other since Karen's birthday. Clark is moving to Berlin in a couple of weeks. Evan is getting married next month.
Dialogue: Gregory: will you bring the barbecue set or should I?
Luke: I will, did you get some beers for yourself?
Gregory: how could I not? Barbecue without beers? You serious? :D
Luke: who am I asking.... :D 
Gregory: <file_gif>
Luke: hahahahaah
Summary: Luke will bring the barbecue set. Gregory will bring some beers for himself for the barbecue.
Dialogue: Clare: Watch this <link_video>
Christine: Wow! Where’s this Clare?
Clare: Igazzu Falls. It really was that spectacular. I’d love to go again x
Christine:  it’s on my list. So beautiful 😍We have to catch up again soon xx
Gail: And what about Vic Falls? X
Clare: I still have Vic on my list 😄
Gail: Beautiful- Vic Falls and Zimbabwe so worthwhile too! Glad to see you are enjoying life xx
Norma: Vince and I will be at Niagara Falls. Ext weekend!
Clare: Still on my bucket list. Love to see your pics. Have a great time xxx
Summary: Clare would love to go again to Igazzu Falls. Gail is happy to see her enjoying life. Norma and Vince will be at Niagara Falls next weekend.
Dialogue: Daniele: Daaaaaavid
Daniele: where the fuck is my book
Philippe: eeee actually I've got it...sorry xDDD
Daniele: what? how xD
David: you see...now you owe me an apology :p
Summary: Daniele thinks David has taken her book but it was Philippe who took it.
Dialogue: Grant: i made the transfer
Grant: happy? :P
Sarah: Yes
Sarah: Be quicker next time or I'll stop paying for you
Grant: lalala
Sarah: Sigh...
Summary: Grant made a transfer to Sarah.
Dialogue: Pauline: Wanna come over? I'm making pizza^^
Tara: Always!
Chrissy: I'm at the mall with my parents and it doesn't look like they're going to leave soon ;(
Pauline: Don't worry, we'll keep the leftovers in the oven for you :D
Chrissy: You know what? I think I could take a bus.
Tara: And I already hoped I'll have a whole half of pizza for myself :D
Chrissy: You love to talk about food, but actually you eat even less than me.
Tara: Not my fault I feel full too soon ;(
Pauline: You're saying it like it's a bad thing. Take a look in the mirror! :P
Tara: But I really love food! It'd be great if I could eat more at once.
Pauline: And you'd probably stay as skinny as you are.
Chrissy: Right? It's not fair! I don't eat much but I'm still fat ;(
Tara: You're not fat, you moron! You look perfectly fine!
Pauline: And you've got boobs! And sexy hips! You know how much other girls envy you?
Tara: Exactly. I look like a coat hanger in every dress I wear.
Chrissy: I don't think I've ever seen you in a dress.
Tara: And now you know why :P
Pauline: Come on, stop it with the negativity, both of you. We're all pretty and sexy, and that's what we need to keep telling ourselves.
Chrissy: Sorry, but if you burn your pizza and then tell it that it's not burned, it'll still be burned anyway.
Pauline: Maybe, but I like pizza when it's burned :P
Tara: So you're saying that someone's gonna like us even if we're “burned”? :D
Pauline: Exactly!
Chrissy: Okay, now you stop it with the psychology. I want pizza and movies, not psychotherapy :P
Pauline: I promise to shut up, just come over. I'm so lonely, sitting here alone with my pizza dough... :D
Chrissy: LOL, OK, I'm already at the bus stop.
Summary: Chrissy and Tara are coming to Pauline to have pizza. 
Dialogue: Mike: Hungarians! Could you explain something to me?
Shaun: haha, what is it?
Mike: what does it mean "O1G"?
Mike: I've seen it all over Budapest recently
Sandor: Orbán egy geci
Mike: sure! hahaha
Sandor: it means "sperm"
Sandor: but in Hungarian it's way more insulting than in English
Jeff: haha, I was asking myself the same
Jeff: quite funny
Mike: I really hope these protests will be successful finally
Shaun: everybody hopes so
Mike: I really hate Orban
Shaun: he's devil
Summary: Sandor explains to Mike that O1G means sperm in Hungarian and it is offensive. Mike saw the writing everywhere in Budapest lately. Mike and Shaun are against Orban.
Dialogue: Wendell: hi, where did you park the car? I need to leave sth in it before I go to my dentist appointment.
Cam: its in the garage on hanover st. 5th floor
Wendell: ok, thanks. where are you now?
Cam: Getting some coffee at Breaking New Grounds. Going to sit outside and read a bit.
Wendell: nice. you going to be there long?
Cam: i think so. no other agenda today besides reading this book.
Wendell: OK. Is that the Yoko Tawada book that won the National Book Award.
Cam: yeah, thats the one. I bought it before it won though.
Wendell: sounds interesting. you know she writes in German too?
Cam: yeah, she lives in Berlin. an acquaintance of mine is her neighbor.
Wendell: oh, thats cool.
Cam: yeah, she said hi to her once I guess
Wendell: neat
Cam: hey, shouldnt you get going?
Wendell: youre right. Im going to run to the car.
Cam: Cool
Wendell: actually, i need to get the keys from you
Cam: alright, you know where to find me
Wendell: see you in a sec
Summary: Wendell has to leave something in the car which is on Hanover St. 5th floor. He also mentions that the Yoko Tawada book Cam is reading won the National Book Award and that she also writes in German. Cam knew because his acquaintance is her neighbor in Berlin.
Dialogue: Elle: Where are youuuuuuuuuuu <file_gif>
Miles: running sorry!!
Miles: Missed the bus
Elle: hurry up I'm freezing
Miles: just find the nearest coffee place and meet me there in 20
Miles: send your location
Elle: ok!
Elle: <file_other>
Summary: Elle and Miles are about to meet. Miles missed the bus and is running late.
Dialogue: Kate: Do you know then Ben is back?
Sam: Monday!
Jimmy: haha, nobody will be at the office at 4 today
Kate: not a soul!
Summary: Ben is coming back on Monday. There will be nobody at the office at 4 today. 
Dialogue: Emmy: Hello Charles
Charles: Hi Emmy
Emmy: i send a message to the wrong person lol!
Charles: you must be tired
Emmy: yes i typed 06 instead of 07
Charles: stop watching netflix
Emmy: but... no! why?
Emmy: i love my series on netflix
Charles: so if you're tired go to bed earlier!
Emmy: may be i should!
Emmy: i'll sleep in the train tomorrow
Charles: good idea. I'll come friday
Emmy: really? oh yes you're coming! 
Charles: just for 2 hours
Summary: Charles will come over to Emmy on Friday.
Dialogue: Jess: listen to this
Jess: <file_other>
Stella: I know them :)
Jess: really? I don't know how I missed them!!
Stella: they will do a concert here soon
Jess: seriously?? wanna go?
Stella: I don't know if the tickets aren't sold out
Jess: I'm gonna check
Jess: sold out :(
Stella: have you checked the buy/sell stuff fb groups?
Jess: yep there are some tickets but they're crazy expensive
Stella: sorry :(
Jess: next time I'l be quicker :)
Summary: Jess wants to go to a concert but the tickets are sold out. 
Dialogue: Ziggy: hey hey, where are you?
Jeff: on the bus
Jeff: just left work
Jeff: u?
Ziggy: can i drop by? i'm bored out of my mind lol
Jeff: lol sure
Summary: Jeff is on the bus. Jeff has just left work. Ziggy will drop by. Ziggy is bored. 
Dialogue: Olivia: What's up lady?
Anita: I'm sick
Olivia: from the moment you were born, hah
Anita: This is different, freaking flu
Olivia: Damn, keep warm, I need to go
Anita: thanks, I'm going for a nap
Summary: Anita is having a flu.
Dialogue: Brooks: So, how was the appointment?
Tonette: Pretty good, I mean for the first time a psychiatrist actually listened to me and talked to me for an hour
Brooks: Soo that’s great! Are you going for another appointment there?
Tonette: Definitely yes, there’s a cat in there!
Brooks: Seriously o.O
Tonette: Yes, doctor’s office is at the second flood, at the first is her flat. The cat sometimes wants to join her in her office and she lets it in.
Brooks: Haha, cool! I’d go there myself xd
Tonette: It’s pretty far from your place, unfortunately
Brooks: Ahhh so screw this. But what about a diagnosis?
Tonette: Not so great, I have some serious disorders.
Brooks: So you’ll have to take meds?
Tonette: Definitely, I got a whole list.
Brooks: Ehh let’s hope it’ll work.
Tonette: We’ll see, but she said I need a therapy, as soon as possible.
Brooks: So you have to start looking for someone!
Tonette: The problem is I don’t have money for it right now. In 2 or 3 months time, when I’ll get a raise at work.
Brooks: I can borrow you sth if you need to.
Tonette: No, that’s ok, I will have time to get ready for that
Brooks: Alright, as you wish. You’re going to tell your mum?
Tonette: I don’t think so, I rarely talk to her these days and she would only worry and blame herself.
Brooks: I see, yea, in that case it doesn’t make any sense. Is it the same as your sister has?
Tonette: Similar, but it’s not exactly the same.
Brooks: Hmm yes you two are pretty different, true.
Tonette: The same background, two different characters. That’s why I love her!
Summary: Tonette went to a psychiatrist, because she has some disorders and needs to be medicated. She doesn't have money for the therapy now. She'll starts in 2-3 months when she gets a raise at work.
