Dialogue: Jane: <gif_file>
Jane: Whaddya think? 
Shona: This ur tinder profile thing?
Jane: Yeah, I'm updating my profile tonite. Kinda nervoous though... :( 
Jane: What if i get another guy like John? o.O
Shona: John was a dickhead
Jane: preach sistah!
Shona: anyhoo - this time I've got u :D No slimeballs for you 
Jane: Not again *shudders*
Jane: You know he forgot my birthday??!!
Shona: wanker
Summary: Jane is updating her Tinder profile tonight and together with Shona they don't want to find another guy like John, who forgot Jane's birthday.
Dialogue: Marianne: What did you do last night?
Gisela: I met up with an acquaintance. My sister's former neighbor actually when she lived in Baltimore.
Marianne: Interesting. Whats he doing in Birmingham?
Gisela: He is from here originally actually. Born and raised
Marianne: What did you talk about?
Gisela: A bit too much about work. He really likes his job but I didnt want to talk about mine
Marianne: I see. How long did you meet for? 
Gisela: About an hr and a half
Summary: Gisela met her sister's former neighbour last night. They talked about work. Gisela does not like talking about her job.
Dialogue: Daisy: Hi what’s up?
Charlotte: I’m watching a movie
Daisy: At 4 a.m.?
Charlotte: I cannot sleep
Daisy: Me neither
Charlotte: And how are you spending your sleepless night?
Daisy: Just thinking
Daisy: Turning in bed
Daisy: Hoping that the sleep will come
Charlotte: Do you often struggle with insomnia?
Daisy: Unfortunately, quite a lot
Charlotte: Same here
Charlotte: It destroys me 
Charlotte: But I just cannot get any rest
Summary: Charlotte is watching a movie at 4 a.m. because she can't sleep. Both her and Daisy suffer with insomnia.
Dialogue: Peter: hi, I'm coming 6:40 am friday
Dorothy: <file_gif>
Peter: there are no good connections so I decided to go by night
Peter: at least I'll get some sleep
Peter: pls let me know if its okay for you
Dorothy: perfect, don't worry
Dorothy: I'll ask Derren to pick you up from the station
Peter: please don't bother, I'll get an uber
Dorothy: don't be silly ;)
Dorothy: we'll have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work
Dorothy: do you have any plans? want to go anywhere on friday?
Peter: I was thinking about this exhibition
Peter: <file_other>
Peter: did you see it?
Dorothy: no but I was going to tell you about it! :)
Dorothy: let's go with Derren in the afternoon
Dorothy: he works till 3pm on Fridays
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Peter will come on Friday at 6:40. He will go by night, because there are no good connections. Derren will pick Peter up from the station and they will have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work. The three of them will go to the exhibition on Friday after 3 p.m. 
Dialogue: Mark: Have you seen the doctor?
Dan: Yes, I was so stressed before the visit
Mark: But there was no reason to freak out
Dan: Rationally thinking there was no reason, but still
Mark: I don't really understand this exaggeration 
Dan: My mother died of it, so when he said there is a hint of suspicion I was petrified
Mark: oh, I see, I had no idea your mother died of it, I am sorry
Dan: I know, I didn't explain
Mark: No, you didn't
Dan: But exactly for this reason - I didn't want to make even bigger drama
Mark: Sure!
Dan: But everything turned out to be fine
Mark: Yes, but all the waiting brought so many bad emotions and memories.
Dan: Now I can imagine!
Mark: Anyway, he told me I should do the examination periodically, because of the history of my family
Dan: Anybody else had this type of cancer in your family?
Mark: The scary thing is, that in my mother's family almost everybody had it
Dan: Damn
Mark: Exactly!
Dan: But if you control it, everything should be fine. Don't worry too much
Mark: I won't, thanks
Dan: ;)
Summary: Dan saw the doctor because he suspected cancer and his mother died of it. He should do regular check-ups.
Dialogue: Pete: wanna go se the crimes of grindelwald?
Ann: Oh, I saw it yesterday, sorry...
Pete: rly? how was it?
Ann: Oh, it was OK but I think I liked the first part better
Pete: Interesting, most people tell me it's better then the previous movie.
Ann: Dunno, it's just what I think, I won't spoil it for you but when you see it we can talk
Pete: Great! Bye now ;*
Ann: <file_gif>
Summary: Ann saw "The Crimes of Grindelwald" yesterday. Ann thought the movie was okay, but liked the first part better.
Dialogue: Mel: You at home or still working?
Brett: Still at the office.
Brett: Why?
Mel: I wonder if you could help me out?
Brett: What d'you need?
Mel: Go to my desk and take a look at the drawer.
Brett: I am here. What am i looking for?
Mel: I think I left there my home key.
Mel: D'you see it?
Brett: Well, the drawer is locked.
Mel: It is?
Brett: Yep.
Mel: Great! I left the key at home.
Brett: I guess you just have to come by and break into your drawer.
Mel: That's a solution. I'm coming.
Summary: Mel is coming to the office as she thinks she has left her home key there. 
Dialogue: Jack: Rose, who won the man of the match award in yesterday's match?
Rose: Dont you know ?? Messi got the man of the match award.
Jack: YES! I love Messi.
Rose: me too
Summary: Rose and Jack love Messi and are happy about him getting The Man of the Match Award in yesterday's match.
Dialogue: Paul: Gym at 4p.m.?? 
Steve: Ok with me
John: I won't make it
John: I got stuff to do
John: Maybe next time
Summary: Paul and Steve are going to the gym at 4, John is busy. 
Dialogue: Helen: How are you, love? Enjoying work?
Ralph: Don't rub it in! Just cos you've got this week off!
Helen: I was in the mood for something a bit exotic for dinner. How do you fancy a Tagine?
Ralph: I've no idea, what is it?
Helen: You are so unsophisticated! It's a Moroccan casserole, cooked in a special pot with a pointy lid.
Ralph: Oh, you mean you're actually going to use your brothers present after all these years?
Helen: Yes, it's been cluttering up the kitchen, it's time it saw some action! Anyway, I need ras- el-hanout, at least I think that's how it's spelled, it's a special spice mix. The corner shop won't have it and I don't feel like trekking 10 miles to Sainsbury's. Thought you could pick it up later.
Ralph: I will, but won't it be a bit late to add it at 7 when I get home?
Helen: Shit! Yes, didn't think of that! Oh, also, I don't have any lamb neck fillets either! 
Ralph: I suppose we'd better have beans on toast instead, then!
Helen: Seems so! I'll cook it another time. See you later!
Summary: Helen has this week off work. She plans to cook Tagine, but she doesn't have ingredients. Ralph's coming back at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Kayla: Hi guys. You may know the answer to my question.
Anca: ???
Kayla: I'm writing this essay about different Christian denominations and I have some doubts. 
Anca: about the Orthodox Church? 
Kayla: Exactly. Is there a pope in the Orthodox Church?
Milena: No, not really
Anca: There is a patriarch, but it's a different concept.
Anca: We don't have one person deciding everything and infallible.
Milena: And I think there are a few patriarchs. 
Kayla: There is no central place where everything is decided?
Milena: Constantinople is such a place, but only symbolically 
Kayla: ok, thanks. it's a bit complicated 😖
Summary: Kayla is writing the essay about Christian denominations and has some questions. Anca explains they have a patriarch instead of pope. Milena mentions Constantinople as a symbolic place where everything is decided.
Dialogue: George: How are you doing today?
Kate: Well, been drinking till 3am, so could be better
Tom: Yeah, went back home at 4, we had a crazy party last night
George: Lucky me :P fell asleep at midnight 
Summary: Kate and Tom went back home at 4 after a crazy party. George fell asleep at midnight.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: Everyone remembers we have to write that essay for tomorrow?
John: IB one?
Elisabeth: Yea, about the future or globalization
Rick: Shiiiiit, how many words?
John: Not many, 1000. Finished mine an hour ago and it took me around 2
Rick: Ok then, I will start it when I get home from work
Summary: Elisabeth reminds John and Rick about writing a thousand-word essay on the future or globalization for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jessa: could you lend me some money ASAP?
Jessa: I'll give you back on Wednesday
Franco: how much?
Jessa: 100$
Jessa: it's just I need to buy my meds and I still didn't get my paycheck yet
Franco: I get it
Franco: btw, your boss sucks hard
Jessa: I should plan way more ahead that I usually do
Franco: true
Franco: I just sent you money
Jessa: you're a life saver
Franco: :)
Franco: no problem
Summary: Franco lent Jessa 100$ for meds. Jessa still didn't get her paycheck. Jessa will pay him back on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Ray: missing you 😘
Joy: me too 😘
Ray: <file_gif>
Joy: bby ❤️
Summary: Ray and Joy miss each other.
Dialogue: Phillip: Has anyone seen my backpack?
Jane: I saw it in the office and I thought you would be coming back
Kayla: I saw it too
Summary: Jane and Kayla saw Phillip's backpack in the office.
Dialogue: Chilwell: Have you had the new rules concerning the drug dealers
Jack: Not yet. What does it state?
Chilwell: Any suspected drug dealer will have to face his/her charges abroad
Jack: Oooh Yeess!!
Jack: At least justice can be served to all
Chilwell: Exactly. It is time they go down
Jack: Time will tell.
Summary: The new law says that drug dealers will face their charges abroad. Jack and Chilwell are happy with the new law.
Dialogue: Mauro: mom, dad told i cant go out
Mauro: but i have to buy notebook
Mom: i will buy you this notebook, you have to stay home and read a lecture
Summary: Mauro needs a notebook. His Mom is going to buy one for him, because he has some required reading and has to stay at home.
Dialogue: Julia: Who the hell is John and why is he being a complete dick to me????
Lola: Just ignore him, he's such a troll!!!!
Julia: Ok, got it but what's his problem??
Rick: What is happening? 
Julia: I posted on fb that I'm looking for vegan places to eat and he just started rambling on how I am ruining out country's economy????
Rick: Yeah, sounds like him. He loves picking up random fights. I used to hang out with him but stopped because there was always drama
Lola: Why would ayone be friends with such a dick?
Rick: He's quite normal unless he had a few drinks
Julia: How's that my problem? I was just looking for recommendations not a political debate!!!! weird
Lola: nutjob
Rick: Yeah, he's on some sort of crusade against vegans. We went once to this place and he almost made the server cry with his comments
Julia: What did he say?
Rick: something along the lines how he should be replaced with machines so he doesn't deserve a tip because it's a scam to rip him off. I genuinely felt bad for the kid...
Lola: Well did you say anything to him??? 
Rick: there's no point. he doesn't listen, he has very radical views and likes sharing them with others
Julia: because he doesn't have anybody in his life that wants to listen to his crazy?
Rick: Probably. He can be intense
Lola: I honestly hate guys like him!!!! what a jerk
Julia: So what should I say to him?
Rick: Nothing. Ignore him. He will ramble for a while and tire himself down
Lola: That's ridiculous. I hope I never meet him. I would probably punch him!!!
Rick: Yeah, I'm sure that happened too
Summary: Julia posted on Facebook that she is looking for vegan places to eat and John started accusing her of ruining the country's economy. He is someone who likes picking up random fights, especially after alcohol, and he hates vegans.
Dialogue: Jacob: Have you ever been to Colorado?
Wendy: Nope!
Jacob: It's great, even if you don't ski, even in the summer. I think I'm going to move there.
Wendy: Shut up!
Jacob: Yeah, I want to get a job in or around Denver and see what happens. I love it out there.
Wendy: Cool! I can come visit!
Jacob: Of course!
Wendy: What is there to do besides ski?
Jacob: Hiking, fishing, swimming, lots of outdoor stuff. Plus there's tons of breweries and great beer and food.
Wendy: You had me at beer!
Jacob: LOL!
Wendy: So when is this big move happening?
Jacob: Not sure...
Wendy: I see.
Summary: Jacob loves Denver and wants to get a job in the area and move there in future. Wendy has not been to Colorado.
Dialogue: Hank: How's it going?
Tom: Like blood from a stone mate!
Tom: Been struggling with the damn pump all day.
Hank: Damn!
Tom: Yeah and I'm still no closer to a solution.
Hank: What's been going on with it?
Tom: It kinda works and pumps the water out but it doesn't produce enough power to pump it out through the hose.
Hank: Air bubbles?
Tom: Yeah, I thought that too but I'm not so sure now.
Hank: Have you tried throwing it into the pond and wiggling it around to see if you can dislodge the air bubbles.
Tom: Yeah, been there done that.
Hank: And...
Tom: Seems to work for a moment then you put it back in the sump and we're back to square one.
Tom: I thought of taking it apart to see if maybe the turbine needs cleaning out.
Hank: If you can help it please don't do that as it might invalidate the warranty.
Tom: Might need to do that because I think I've exhausted every other option.
Hank: Wait until I come home and I'll see if I can manage to get it going.
Tom: OK.
Hank: I'll be home by 7pm.
Summary: Tom's pump doesn't work properly. It sucks the water in but pumps out just the air bubbles. Nothing helps. The pump is still on warranty. Hank will be home at 7 pm and will check the pump. 
Dialogue: Kate: oh no did u see katherine is coming to town next week
Susan: oh boy
Susan: not her :/
Kate: geez
Kate: we will have to go out with her I guess
Susan: she's such a bore <file_gif>
Kate: but it's just two days, thank god
Susan: yeah, I guess we'll survive hehe
Summary: Kate and Susan are displeased with Katherine's arrival because they don't want spend time with her.
Dialogue: Michael: hey did Kate read this book?
Michael: <file_other>
Scarlett: I don't know
Jessie: no I don't think so
Michael: and is there a book that she'd like to read recently?
Jessie: a biography of some musician, who was it hmm
Michael: what's the genre? I might know :)
Jessie: I'll try to find out
Scarlett: I think it was Aretha Franklin
Jessie: that's right
Michael: great Aretha it is then :) thx!
Summary: Jessie and Scarlett think Kate would like to read a biography of Aretha Franklin. Michael will buy it for her. 
Dialogue: Martha: guess what! 
Martha: I met Diana Collins today
Luke: OMG, where?
Martha: I was walking to the dry cleaner and we bumped into each other
Luke: so how is she doing nowadays?
Luke: is she still pretty?:D
Martha: well she looked really tired
Martha: it turned out she had 4 children!
Luke: wow!
Martha: yeah, 3 girls and a boy
Luke: that sounds like a lot of work!
Martha: surely it is, and her husband is a sailor, can u imagine?
Martha: so she is almost all alone all the time
Luke: <file_gif>
Martha: but otherwise she was all nice and friendly, as she used to be
Summary: Martha met Diana Collins today. Diana has 4 children and her husband is a sailor. She is as nice and friendly as she used to be. 
Dialogue: Meg: If you need a helping hand in cleaning up, Im free ;)
Carrie: me and wes are coming and well do it
Wes: Exactly. Im not sleeping anymore, so the risk that I am not going to show up goes down to minimum.
Kate: :)
Danny: totally opposite here haha :D
Wes: can see that ;)
Summary: Carrie and Wes are coming and will do the cleaning. Wes is not sleeping much lately. 
Dialogue: Albert: I've seen you're interested in that fb event
Albert: <file_other>
Leo: Yes, drinking beer and stand up, perfect evening!
Albert: You convinced me, see ya there!
Summary: Albert and Leo are interested in a FB event involving drinking beer and stand up.
Dialogue: Joseph: <file_photo>
Joseph: it finally arrived!
George: woah, it's beautiful! :D
Joseph: yes <3
Samuel: gratz! looks really good!
Max: How much was it, again?
Joseph: thanks <3
Joseph: 4.5k
Max: Haha. That's really nice for a first guitar :D
George: bring it to practice today, i wanna try it :D
Joseph: yeah, you know I hate cheap things XD
Samuel: rofl
Samuel: yeah...
Joseph: sure I'll take it with me :d
George: cheers!
Summary: Joseph has just bought his first guitar. It cost 4.5k. He'll bring it to practice today.
Dialogue: Sacha: you'll join me at the canteen?
Max: ok
Sacha: see you
Max: love you darling
Summary: Sacha will meet with Max at the canteen.
Dialogue: Dagnah: It must be nice for you to wake up earlier these next two weeks 😃
Val: Hahaha
Val: It's sooo great!! 😋
Dagnah: Hehe
Dagnah: And waking up together with your cat and dog 😍
Val: The best!!
Dagnah: Send me photos of them later on ;)
Val: I will 😄
Summary: Val finds it great to wake up earlier these next two weeks together with his cat and dog. He'll send Dagnah some photos of them later on.
Dialogue: Julia: that was some performance ^_^
Travis: heyy thanks
Julia: have you ever performed in front of such a huge crowd
Travis: i have but i don't think i have been this nervous before :D
Julia: oh, and how do you feel now
Travis: like a rockstar? xD no seriously, i feel pretty good
Julia: haha :D
Travis: on a serious note.. i don't think i would have done it
Julia: why not
Travis: i was so unsure about it.. before i had that talk with you
Julia: oh.. i'm glad i could help
Travis: i'm glad you could help too xD
Julia: are you hitting on one of your audience?? xD
Travis: i'm trying
Julia: smooth
Travis: XD XD
Summary: Julia congratulates Travis on his performance. Travis feels great, although he was unsure at first.
Dialogue: Ursula: That was a huge fire in California!
Preston: Did you see it too? It was massive!
Ursula: It burned so many hectares, it's ridiculous.
Preston: All of those fires are caused by people.
Ursula: You really think so?
Preston: Yeah I am pretty sure. The big wood industries all gain from it
Ursula: Wow, seems like you are well informed.
Preston: Just researched a little and connected all the dots.
Ursula: You got me interested! I'm going to search some topics about this subject aswell.
Preston: Ahaha nice! Let me know what yu found out later :p
Ursula: Ahah I will I will, then we can have a proper talk about this x)
Preston: Looking forward :D
Summary: There was a big fire in California. According to Preston, fires are caused by people.
