Dialogue: George: <file_other>
George: wtf XDD
Pete: lol
Pete: what the fuck ae you reading man?:D
Matt: hahah some people do have imagination xD
George: i was just checking sth in a dictionary
Pete: yeah things like that are always one click away XD
Matt: lol
Summary: George shares some funny stuff with Pete and Matt. He was just checking something in a dictionary. 
Dialogue: Carlos: PICK UP YOUR PHONE!!!
Tim: Geez! What's wrong?!
Carlos: Pick up! we HAVE to talk! 
Summary: Carlos needs to talk to Tim on the phone.
Dialogue: Olga: <file_photo> 
Sarah: OMG 
Sarah: so cute!
Sarah: <3
Olga: I know right!
Olga: my little man is getting so big! <3
Summary: Olga sent Sarah a photo.
Dialogue: Wayne: Help! I need my password for the company shared folder!
Jason: One sec.
Wayne: Thank you!
Jason: ScOOter42
Wayne: Oh, geez, I can’t believe I forgot that! Thanks!
Jason: NP
Summary: Wayne asks Jason for his password for the company shared folder.
Dialogue: Camie: Did you go to the 99 Cents store today?
Lorena: Oh yeaaah u bet I did, couldn't pass on those sweet prices :p 
Camie: ahaah xD What did you buy?
Lorena: Well I got a lot of good deals, as usual.
Camie: Like what?
Lorena: Well, a dozen large eggs were only 99 cents.
Camie: That's a good deal.
Lorena: And a pound of butter was the same price.
Camie: Another good deal 🤑
Lorena: But the best deal was five pounds of potatoes for 99 cents.
Camie: Honestly... I don't know how that store makes money!
Lorena: Neither do I, but they're doing something right! x)
Summary: Lorena got some good bargains at the "99 Cents" shop.
Dialogue: Fred: <file_other>
Fred: Listen to this man.
Fred: Perfect for cleanin' the house.
Willy: Not sure if it's dubstep
Willy: Or just transformers having sex
Fred: Hahahahaha.
Fred: JFC man you made me laugh so hard  I couldn't catch breath
Willy: Breathe Freddie breathe.
Willy: Seriously track sounds ok.
Willy: But when I hear this beat drops they really do sound like transformers bangin'o
Fred: If you have good sound system it really makes sense
Willy: Ehem. No doubt.
Willy: Your music taste is surprisingly broad.
Willy: You're the only person  I know who posts on facebook Miles Davies and then sends me a dubstep made from printer sounds
Fred: :P :P :P
Summary: Willy compares a dub-step song he got from Fred to robots having sex and makes Fred laugh.
Dialogue: Claire: Pete met my parents yesterday!
Caroline: Awww, seriosuly? 
Claire: Yeah :D :)
Caroline: but was it planned? Did you go there for dinner??
Claire: Yep, my mum invited us <3
Caroline: Serious shit! lol how was it??
Claire: it was amazing! they were all tense at the beginning but it got better
Caroline: It's completely normal, I remember when Jack met my parents for the 1st time he was so stressed he almost didn't say a word haha
Claire: haha, it wasn't THAT bad :D And you know what?
Caroline: what?
Claire: It all felt so natural, really
Caroline: Awww :3
Claire: I'm so happy, you know?
Caroline: I hear wedding bells lalala
Claire: hahah stop it! :D
Summary: Pete met Claire's parents yesterday and it was amazing. Jack didn't say a word when he first met Caroline's parents. Caroline is happy for Claire and Pete.
Dialogue: Adam: need a drink
Adam: wanna go to Paddys?
Will: sure 
Will: 7?
Adam: sounds good
Will: c ya there
Summary: Adam and Will are going to Paddys at 7.
Dialogue: Mark: hey have you guys already dealt with those documents?
Dan: nope
Viv: nope2
Mark: nope3
Dan: well :D
Mark: I don't know where we're supposed to take them
Viv: well Im wondering if we have to bring the originals?
Viv: or is a copy enough?
Viv: I'm not making any enquiries
Dan: someone has to
Dan: not me
Mark: not me
Dan: sorry dude
Mark: why did i even start talking to you guys?
Viv: be a good friend and find out more for us Mark <3
Mark: what is even friendship????
Mark: ok i'll let you know once they reply...
Summary: Dan and Viv refuse to help Mark establish how to do the paperwork they all need. Mark will take care of this and let them know once he learns the details.
Dialogue: Mary: Will you take the children to grandma?
Adam: Sure, no problem.
Mary: Thanks
Summary: Adam will take the kids to grandma at Mary's request.
Dialogue: Carly: so tell me about yr holidays....drunk and debauched or lazy? xx
Andy: A bit of both, it was all inclusive so I might have drank a bit too much. I was good though and only ate healthy meals lol x
Carly: The food on the cruise was out if this world seriously..Proper fine dining or buffet whatever you wanted xx
Andy: Wow sounds great, I do like a good buffet lol xx
Carly: And the entertainment was brilliant.. saw Grease the musical..that was fab xx
Andy: I'm getting very interested in a cruise now x x
Carly: I'll come with you if you want.. you can get the taster ones for 3 or 5 days leave Southampton, the one I went on with Mum had a shopping mall in the centre of the ship.. it was amazing.. x
Andy: Looks great we could have a great laugh together😂😂  you will have to come with me to show me the ropes x x
Carly: I'd love too.. let me know your holidays and I'll see what's about.. the taster ones can be done on a long weekend mind xx
Andy: I've got 15 days left this year I think its pretty free for when I can take them x x
Carly: I'm flexible with my work too so we may find a decent cheap on.. we paid 400 each for that one we were on xx
Andy: We need a balcony suite for def xx
Carly: Defo, no point in going on a cruse if you cant see the sea from your bed :) 
Andy: Hello you 😊I had a look online last night but it's a bit of a cruise minefield to be honest lol x x
Carly: Yes it is a bit.. there's a 3 day taster to Bruges in Sept 300 ish each from Southampton .. no point in booking for longer unless you know you will like it... you could be green hanging over the side all week lol xxx
Andy: If it sounds like it's a good deal and it's the right accommodation then I think we should book us a little getaway then x x
Carly: Yes definitely be good.. I'll send you details tomorrow xxx
Andy: Send me the dates and I will book the holiday with work
Carly: Ok will do xxx I'm excited xx
Andy: So am I. We are going on a cruise 😊😊x x
Carly: There is an 80's special for 5 days but it's about 500 and we would probably end up drunk and disorderly
Andy: Well I thought we would end up drunk and disorderly anyway lol. How do you feel about that one or are you wanting just a bit less mayhem 😊x x
Carly: No it would be fab I expect I'll find out more and see how much I  can afford lol xx How about Southampton to Bruges back to Southampton on 5th Oct for 3 nights.. 366pp.. balcony suite..
Andy: Sounds good, I'll come over this weekend and we can look together xx
Carly: Ok Babe see you Friday xx
Summary: Andy was on holiday. Carly suggests that they should go together for a cruise holiday. They want to take a balcony suite. Andy and Carly arranged a meeting on  Friday to discuss their holiday. 
Dialogue: Daisy: Hi
Alan: Oh, Hi! :)
Daisy: :)
Alan: How did the exams go?
Daisy: Oh, everything went well
Alan: And what about Carlos?
Daisy: Well... ehm... the French exam...
Alan: What happened? :O
Daisy: Let's just say we both got good marks but his was higher
Alan: Well, that happens
Daisy: Yes, but later he bragged about writing most answers randomly and having lost of luck
Alan: Wtf?!?
Daisy: I thought the same
Alan: He's crazy XD
Daisy: I know, but I also know him and I bet he spent three weeks studying for that exam
Alan: So why is he saying that the wrote random answers?
Daisy: He likes to pretend he's a cool guy who doesn't need to study
Alan: That's childish
Daisy: I know :D
Alan: Wtf
Summary: Daisy and Carlos passed the French exam. Carlos got a higher grade and was boasting about writing random answers. Daisy assumes that Carlos spent a lot of time on studying and is just pretending, to be perceived as a nice guy. 
Dialogue: Rory: I feel like you’ve been a bad girlfriend - no communication - I might break up with you again... If you want to come to a party with me tomorrow and rescue our relationship, text me those three simple words ...
Jessica: You will need to break up with me again, because I'm in Bath, and there is no way I'll be home before 2nd January.
Rory: cries quietly
Jessica: I offered you to go out with me two days ago, and you just ignored me
Rory: Too late for you to apologise now. 
Summary: Rory wants to break up with Jessica. Rory says what Jessica can do to fix their relationship. Jessica doesn't comply. Rory won't accept an apology now.
Dialogue: Dylan: Can you please come to the garage? 
Mike: I’m busy
Dylan: Please, I need your help. It’s urgent
Summary: Dylan needs Mike's urgent help in the garage.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: final sale at tommy :)
Jacqueline: <file_other> 
Victoria:  And 20% off for first purchase
Jacqueline: ??
Victoria: JOIN THE HILFIGER CLUB AND ENJOY 20% OFF YOUR FIRST PURCHASE
Jacqueline: aaa, ok
Faith: <file_other>
Faith: awesome crop top 😍
Jacqueline: but the sizes.....
Jacqueline: only M and L
Faith: i meant classic white
Faith: not black beauty
Jacqueline: ah, yes, white is available
Victoria: Looks ok, white suits u @Faith
Faith: too bad i'm short on cash
Faith: but maybe i'll get some from my parents
Faith: as a bday present
Victoria: <file_other>
Victoria: this one is also gooooood
Summary: There's a final sale at Tommy. Also, the first purchase is 20% off. Faith loves the crop top, but is short on cash. She hopes to get some from her parents for birthday.
Dialogue: Patric: Hey honey :* what are we doing tonight?
Claire: Believe me or not I wanted to ask you the same question!
Patric: Telepathy :D
Claire: I thought maybe we can go to the cinema with Rose and John?
Patric: Okay that's not a bad idea and on Sunday you're invited to eat dinner with my parents
Claire: Oh that's lovely I didn't see them a long time. Maybe I'll bake some cupcakes
Patric: That would be perfect you know I love your cupcakes :*
Claire: Then tell your mom I bring something so she don't have to bake
Summary: Claire and Patric will probably go to the cinema with Rose and John tonight. Claire and Patric are having dinner with his parents on Sunday. Claire will bake some cupcakes.
Dialogue: Renee: i'm sick and tired of this diet that i'm on
Renee: i can't eat anything but whole, green foods
Calvin: what does that mean?
Renee: lettuce, celery, green pepper, etc
Calvin: i guess you can prepare some yummy salads
Renee: NOT ERALLY
Renee: i want pizza and a burger
Renee: also... I'M IN A CRAPPY MOOD BECAUSE OF THIS STUPID DIET!!!
Calvin: maybe you should explore other ways to lose weight
Summary: Renee has enough of a diet based on green food.
Dialogue: Marie: I don't like him!
Tawny: Why?
Marie: He's not my type.
Tawny: ok, but why?
Marie: His smile is weird
Tawny: what else?
Marie: nothing else
Tawny: You dont like him, beacuse his smile is weird?
Marie: yes!
Tawny: r u stupid?
Marie: no, I'm not
Tawny: if this is your only reason, than u r.
Marie: don't talk to me like that!
Tawny: why not? u r judging people by sth so stupid
Marie: so what? it's my opinion
Tawny: yes, it's yours and mine is that your behaviour is stupid
Marie: that's not fair!
Tawny: and u r fair?
Marie: I don't know, ok!
Tawny: than think about it
Summary: Marie doesn't like him because his smile is weird. Tawny claims that Marie's behaviour is stupid.
Dialogue: Danielle: Yes, yes it does :) I'm thinking of going tomorrow to get started on Christmas shopping.
Ted: Oh cool im going home tomorrow having been in Berlin for theres
Ted: How was your birthday?
Danielle: You didn't tell me you were going to Berlin - how's that?
Danielle: Part I was lovely - I went with a friend to see the Swan Lake ballet and tomorrow is Part II (where I celebrate it with my family)
Ted: It's been pretty good, mate offered me someone else's ticket and I managed to earn a couple extra days holiday
Danielle: Well I'm glad you got the time to relax :)
Ted: Any plans for tomorrow or just spending time with your family?
Danielle: Christmas shopping with a friend tomorrow, hopefully get some work done and then spending time with the family
Ted: Sounds lovely :) Well your birthday and Xmas presents are in the posrt and it's not glitter paper this year
Ted: Anyway I need to be unusually early tomorrow so I'll love you and leave you wishing you a very happy birthday and just in case a merry Christmas and a wonderful new year
Danielle: Thanks Ted :)
Danielle: I need to hit the hay myself - I'm exhausted!
Summary: To celebrate her birthday, Danielle went to see the Swan Lake with her friend Tomorrow there is a family celebration. She is also doing her Christmas shopping tomorrow and working. Ted got a few days off and is going to Berlin tomorrow. He has sent a gift for Danielle via post.
Dialogue: Betty: you won't believe what James did
Ursula: I think I just might ... :>
Betty: what's that supposed to mean?
Ursula: Nothing, just go ahead and tell me what you meant
Betty: James spent our savings on a cruise
Ursula: oh...
Ursula: I didn't know he spent your savings on it
Betty: You knew?!
Ursula: I knew he wanted to buy a cruise for your anniversary
Betty: You should have stopped him!
Ursula: why? It's a great idea, a beautiful gift
Betty: yes, it is, but he spent OUR savings on it
Betty: We can't afford it, there are so many things that need to be fixed in the house
Ursula: I understand you're upset, but maybe you'll love it?
Betty: no, I'm just so mad at him that he didn't even consult it with me
Ursula: It was supposed to be surprise!
Betty: not a nice one. Now we have a cruise and an empty bank account
Summary: James bought a cruise for himself and Betty as an anniversary present. He spent all their savings on it. Betty's mad at him. Ursula knew he bought it, but she didn't know he spent all their savings. 
Dialogue: Carrie: How's it going, babes?
Kylie: Just hanging out in my room, listening to BTS!
Carrie: 😍😍😍😍😍
Kylie: I know, they are so delicious, music's not bad, either 😃
Carrie: See you tomorrow at tennis?
Kylie: Yeah, see you! 
Summary: Kylie is hanging out in her room listening to BTS that also Carrie likes. They're seeing each other at tennis tomorrow.
Dialogue: Matthias: Hello John, How are you?
John: Hi Matt, I'm very well, thank you.
John: How about you?
Matthias: I'm doing well.
Matthias: I've just heard something hilarious on the news.
John: What was that?
Matthias: This will be good...
Matthias: China is building a HORIZONTAL skyscraper.
John: What?
John: How is that even possible.
Matthias: Google it.
John: This is truly amazing.
John: I wish to see it one day.
Matthias: Me too!
John: I got to go now.
Matthias: No problem. Take care.
Summary: Matthias shares a funny piece of news with John about China building a horizontal skyscraper. They both wish to see it one day.
Dialogue: Charity: hey
Joyce: hey
Charity: is the HOD in yet?
Joyce: who is this?
Charity: i'm her student
Joyce: well okay, he was here but he left for a while
Charity: okay then
Joyce: check him later
Summary: Charity wants to know if HOD is in but he has already left.
Dialogue: Susan: I love it.. so beautiful maam
Amina: thank u🌺
Susan: what kind of paper did you use maam
Amina: cardstock papers po
Susan: thank u very much ma'am..
Amina: ur most welcome po maam
Summary: Susan loves Amina's work, made of cardstock papers. 
Dialogue: Toby: We finished renovating our house! 
Rose: You finally did it! Congratulations!
Emily: It looks lovely! Can I drop by? X
Eric: You’ve got a great taste! Well done you!
Joanna: very nice! X
Kelly: It looks awesome! Congratulations! So happy for you!
Summary: Toby finished renovating his house and everyone is excited about it.
Dialogue: Henry: <file_photo>
Angelo: what did you do
Henry: isn't it sick?
Angelo: ...were you sober when you decided on the design?
Henry: STFU I like it
Angelo: SMDH
Summary: Angelo doesn't like Henry's design. 
Dialogue: Peter: go down to play
Joe: to what?
Peter: football
Joe: it bores me
Peter: 😤
Summary: Joe doesn't want to join Peter for football as it bores him.
Dialogue: Mary: Did you find someone for the project after all?
Suzanne: Yeah, I did. But I've got two more projects open right now.
Mary: Really? are they big contracts?
Suzanne: Huge! I've got so much work...
Mary: I can tell... I haven't seen you for ages.
Suzanne: Sorry, it's all work. I hope it will end shortly...
Mary: Can't they give you someone to help?
Suzanne: They could, it's just I'm a perfectionist and I like doing everything on my own.
Mary: But you're working your butt off and your social and private life is suffering!
Suzanne: I know, but it's temporary...
Mary: Temporary can turn into permanent without you noticing, remember that.
Suzanne: I know, I've got it under control.
Mary: I hope you do. I miss my friend, you know?
Suzanne: I miss you too :( Sorry...
Mary: Don't apologize! Just meet me once in a while, get some fresh air!
Suzanne: OK, I'll try.
Mary: Do you need any help? I'm a great assistant if needed!
Suzanne: You're a doll, but i've got this. Thank you, sweets <3
Summary: Suzanne is very busy with her professional projects. She does not have time to meet with her friends Mary. Mary offers Suzanne help but Suzanne is a perfectionist and prefers to manage all by herself. She promised Mary to find some time for a meeting. 
Dialogue: Trisha: do you have plans for valentines?
Lisa: no of course not, i thought we are spending it together
Kylie: heey :) yeah, is this still on?
Lisa: we could go to the cinema and then have some wine at my place
Trisha: how about we just make a movie night at your place?
Kylie: this sounds better, cinema will be full of couples... yuck...
Lisa: sure we can, my roommate is going out and she probably won't be home early... but if she will, can she join us?
Kylie: i don't have anything against it
Lisa: cool
Trisha: as long as she bring wine haha :D
Kylie: i second that
Lisa: ok i will let her now :D
Trisha: so what are we watching ? Bridget Jones again?
Kylie: of course!!!
Lisa: agreed!
Summary: Trisha and Kylie will come to Lisa's place and they will have a movie night at valentines day. They will watch Bridget Jones again. Lisa's roommate can join if she brings wine. 
Dialogue: Lisa: can you buy something for dinner?
Lucy: what?
Lisa: sushi?
Lucy: okay
Summary: On Lisa's request, Lucy will buy sushi for dinner.
Dialogue: Debbie: You'll never guess what.
Ruth: What?
Debbie: You know that Abigail from Chalfont?
Ruth: The one whose father is a pastor?
Debbie: Yeah. That one. You won't believe it, but she is pregnant.
Ruth: You are joking?  
Debbie: I'm not. She is showing already.
Ruth: Of course, her parents are never going to let her have an abortion, so that's it for her, game over.
Debbie: and the shame for them, him being a pastor and everything. Word is, he will have to give up being a pastor as he didn't bring his kids up right.  So they are going to be out of the house they have, he isn't really trained for anything else, it's a complete disaster.
Ruth: Bloody hell, I feel bad for them. Can't the church help them out a bit? Its not very Christian, is it, just chucking him out.
Debbie: I agree. They say he has brought scandal but they are the ones who are making this a scandal.
Ruth: Silly girl, though. She's caused no end of trouble. Who's the father anyway?
Debbie: You know Trevor. She has been seeing him for a while. Only in secret as her dad wouldn't let her go out with anyone.
Ruth: Is he standing by her?
Debbie: Yes, he wants to do the decent thing and he says he wants to marry her, but his family are all upset because he was supposed to be going to Uni and now he won't be able to. He will have to start work. His dad will give him a role in his buidling firm as an apprentice.
Ruth: It is a waste of his career.
Debbie: Some people say he is lucky. Abigail is a very nice girl, they clearly do love each other, and he was going to do a useless degree on history and now he will learn to build houses and end up with no student debts and probably as rich as his own dad in ten years from now.
Ruth: Really? So Abigail probably made a logical move then.
Debbie: I doubt she was thinking with her brain, but in fact it should be ok  for her. Its her family and her old man not having a job because of it which is the one to be pitied, I suppose.
Ruth: Maybe Trevor's dad will be able to give Abigail's Dad a job as well?
Debbie: Her mother earns quite well as a bookkeeper, so maybe they will be OK, but it is sad that he won't be able to work at his calling any more.
Ruth: They should just send him to be pastor in a new place, where nobody will hear of this.
Debbie: Yeah. Like the Outer Hebrides. 
Summary: Abigail is pregnant. The church may force her father out of his position as a pastor because of it. Abigail's baby's father is Trevor. Trevor wants to marry Abigail. Trevor won't go to college and his father will give him a job at his construction company. Abigail's mom earns well as a bookkeeper. 
Dialogue: Kate: Hey, baby!
Mike: Where are u?!
Kate: Oh, I'm sorry baby.
Kate: I was sleeping :(
Summary: Kate didn't come to Mike because she was sleeping.
Dialogue: Zoe: buy me a cooke
Sonia: no
Zoe: why?
Sonia: we r on diet!
Zoe: pretty please.. my period started ;(
Sonia: ok, ok, I'll buy
Zoe: thank u!!!
Summary: Sonia will buy coke Zoe who's on her period.
Dialogue: Maks: I got the tickets!!! :D:D !1!oneone!
Krystian: what tickets?
Maks: For Friday's movies! 
Krystian: Oh dude, is it this friday? (°◇°)
Krystian: cause I can't really go(o.o)
Krystian: I have this thing, it's so sudden
Maks: Are you serious 😡😡😡
Maks: I just bought them
Maks: You could've told me you got some other plans already
Krystian: I totally forgot, sorry T_T 
Summary: Maks got the movies' tickets for Friday, but Krystian can't go.
Dialogue: Sophie: What are you doing?
Linda: Thinking about doing my nails.
Sophie: Good thing you haven't started.
Linda: Why is that?
Sophie: Well, you wouldn't text back, would you?
Linda: Right. Got to go, though. My nails=)
Summary: Linda is about to do her nails.
Dialogue: Patricia: <file_photo>
Patricia: Susanna's 1st day at school
Charlotte: oh wow
Charlotte: lovely girl
Patricia: She was really brave 
Patricia: I'm so proud of her
Matilda: 🧡
Summary: Susanna had her first day at school.
Dialogue: Anna: you wanna go to cinema :D?
Monika: yes yes yes!! :-D
Monika: when and where ♪┏(・o･)┛♪┗ ( ･o･) ┓♪┏(・o･)┛♪┗ ( ･o･) ┓♪┏(・o･)┛♪┗ ( ･o･) ┓?
Anna: you don't want to know the movie title :D?
Monika: no, doesn't matter（･∀･)つ⑩ (bringing money)
Monika: I haven't been in a cinema in ages
Anna: well, there is new Spiderman on Wednesday in cinema nearby central station
Monika: Spiderman
Monika: whatever let's just go :-)
Anna: sweet, I will give you details later
Summary: Anna and Monika are going to watch the new Spiderman on Wednesday at the cinema by the central station.
Dialogue: Keira: Not sleeping yet?
Collin: Someone just woke me up
Keira: Not me... I saw u online and I wrote
Collin: Yes not you
Keira: Ok
Collin: Haha were you stalking me
Keira: Haha no
Collin: Haha.
Keira: I just finished the movie. And opened whatsapp
Collin: And opened my chat ?
Keira: Yes. And I saw u online hehe. So I wrote
Collin: Haha I see you missed me
Keira: Because I wanted to write to u but if u hadn't been online i wouldn't have written
Collin: I know
Keira: Damn, how much I hate being alone
Collin: There's enough space for you and one more in my bed. You coming?
Keira: Yes, I wish I could
Collin: One day...
Keira: One day for sure
Summary: Keira saw Collin online and wrote to him. Collin invites her over.
Dialogue: Brooke: How's your arm? ❤️
Destiny: It's much better, thanks 😊
Destiny: They took off the cast yesterday, luckily it was only fractured and not broken :)
Destiny: I'm busy with some preparations, I'm applying to showcase my new stuff at various artisan markets :)
Destiny: Look at these 
Destiny: <file_photo>
Destiny: <file_photo>
Destiny: <file_photo>
Destiny: <file_photo>
Brooke: I'm glad your arm is better, great news!!! 🤗🤗
Brooke: Wow!! I love the cat statue and the dog!! 😊😊😊
Brooke: Have you added them to your website yet?
Destiny: No, not yet, but I will be adding them later on today :)
Brooke: So when are the markets? I would like to come 😃
Destiny: I will be showcasing my new collection at the spring art fair this weekend :) I'll send you the details ;)
Destiny: <file_other>
Brooke: Brilliant!! I'll come along, that should be fun!
Destiny: Awesome 💛💚💜 
Summary: Destiny had a fractured arm, but she is now able to prepare new things for her showcase. Destiny will be showing her new collection at the spring art fair this weekend. Brooke will come along.
Dialogue: Anthony: hey are you coming to the party this weekend?
Bryan: I sure am!
Bryan: I'll bring Jessie too
Jessie: yeah he'll bring me lol
Jaden: yeah I'm coming too
Lilian: we can't come :( sorry
Anthony: oh no whyyy
Lilian: I'm at my parents' house that weekend
Lilian: I've already bought the tickets
Anthony: oh noooooooooooooo
Anthony: how can i convince you?
Anthony: nooooo
Lilian: hahhah stop it, we're coming next time for sure:)
Jaden: do you think she's more fun than us or something?
Jaden: i may reconsider the invitation too...
Anthony: noooooo
Anthony: why is my life so terrible?
Jaden: all right dude stop it lol
Jessie: yeah don't worry we'll bring carrot cake or something
Jaden: or carrots?
Jessie: exactly
Anthony: well i'll be looking forward to taking some pics of that cake and sending them to Lil
Lilian: how terrible can you get?
Anthony: you haven't seen anything yet
Summary: Bryan and Jessie are coming to Anthony's party. Anthony is sad that Lilian won't make it.
Dialogue: Stephen: mum help
Angela: what's wrong?
Stephen: I tried to bake a cake
Stephen: <file_photo>
Stephen: and something went clearly wrong
Angela: OMG, did you add all the ingredients?
Stephen: I think so…eggs, flour, pinch of salt, vanilla, butter
Angela: what about baking soda?
Stephen: noo..I forgot about it..
Angela: so we know no why the cake looks like a dirty sock :D
Summary: Stephen tried to bake a cake, but forgot to add baking soda. The cake looks bad.
Dialogue: Matthew: let me know if you're coming tonight :P
Harvey: Hey
Harvey: Not this time, sorry :/
Matthew: okay
Summary: Harvey is not coming tonight.
Dialogue: Jake: What to catch up on tonight? Apprentice or something else?
Aurora: I vote Apprentice. We're two weeks behind and you're gone for two weeks!
Jake: Okay, that works.
Aurora: Turkey burgers tonight. Sweet potatoes and veg. 
Jake: YUM!!!
Aurora: Will you be done on time?
Jake: Probably. You?
Aurora: I need to make a stop on the way home.
Aurora: My watch battery died and it's driving me crazy not having a watch.
Jake: I hear you! 
Aurora: Hopefully Penney's will have what I need.
Jake: Okay. No problem. Anything I can do until you get home?
Aurora: Take out the trash? Vacuum the kitchen?
Jake: Sure, no problem. 
Aurora: Trash first; it's easier to cook with an empty trash can.
Jake: Oh, right.
Aurora: I can dodge the vacuum! LOL!
Jake: Okay, see you later. Love you!
Aurora: Love you too!
Summary: Aurora and Jake are going to watch Apprentice and have turkey burgers and vegetables tonight. Aurora needs to buy a watch battery before she goes home. Jake will throw away rubbish but won't vacuum..
Dialogue: Ian: i can't meet today bros, i forget i have a date with Lucy
Chase: ah man can't you reschedule?
Tyler: dude that sucks
Chase: or just tell her you are not feeling well
Chase: you can't ditch us dude
Ian: sorry boys, i am just on my way to pick her up, forgive me :<
Summary: Ian has a date with Lucy and is on his way to pick her up. Neither Chase nor Tyler are happy about it.
Dialogue: Rob: I'm running late 
Josh: It's fine, I'm running late too
Trevor: Man, I'm waiting already, be fast
Summary: They are late for their appointment with Trevor.
Dialogue: Caz: Car seems ok so I'm gong to shoot over to Coventry tomorrow afternoon to visit dad in the nursing home.. fingers crossed I'm not crying on the side of the road again xxx I cant wait to get away again xx
AJ:  Heres to another cruise
Caz: Til our next one lol
AJ: I'm hoping we will be having another very soon xxx
Caz: I nearly bought us one for April.. 7 nights to Portugal 780 pp
AJ: We can look for another over the weekend if you want xxx
Caz: Now we know.. we can sit and work out the sunny side of the ship before we book lol
AJ: I get some great bargain price emails xx
Caz: When do you have to put your holidays in or are they pretty flexible?
AJ: They are fairly flexible and there are only 4 of us controllers so next year is clear so far xxx
Caz: We will chat about it at the weekend then xxx
AJ: Ok babe, I should be off to bed soon for my 3am alarm 🙄xxx
Caz: Ok darling sleep good xxx
AJ: Night night babe xxx
Summary: Caz's car is okay, so he'll visit his dad in the nursing home in Coventry tomorrow afternoon. AJ and Caz are planning another cruise, and Caz has almost bought them one for April to Portugal. They'll talk about the plans at the weekend. AJ has his alarm set for 3 am. 
Dialogue: Olivia: Are you up for this new project?
Sharie: I really don’t know, for me it’s close to impossible.
Olivia: Why?
Sharie: Seriously, you’re asking? With such deadline and, what’s the most important, such resources, we will never do that.
Olivia: Why do you give up so easily?
Sharie: It’s not giving up, it’s a common sense.
Olivia: If you think so… Me and Mikel, we’re ready to do it.
Sharie: Good luck, if you manage, I swear I’ll drink five Redbull drinks in an hour.
Olivia: Haha, OK, brace yourself cause we’re doing it ;)
Sharie: And how was the last one?
Olivia: Oh, yes… We got the results, but it was almost equal with the expected results, so it was sort of at the limit.
Sharie: Well it’s not easy since last year the expectations are pretty high.
Olivia: Yes, they are… But what can you do…
Sharie: Change the job ;-)
Olivia: Huh, I don’t know about you, but I like my salary, so I’m staying.
Sharie: Cool down, just a joke :P
Summary: Sharie doesn't want to join the new project at work because she finds it undoable. Olivia and Mikel have decided to work on it. Their last project went as expected. Olivia likes her current salary so she wouldn't like to change jobs.
Dialogue: Alan: sweetie when wil you be home?
Joan: I'm studying with Laura after classes Dad
Alan: will you be home by 7?
Alan:  I'm making my famous chicken wings :)
Joan: dad my grades are important aren't they?
Alan: more important than my wings?
Alan: I'm hurt :D joking. study away!
Summary: Alan is making his famous chicken wings and would like Joan to be home by 7. Joan won't make it as she is studying with Laura.
Dialogue: Ann: How are you guys? Any news?
George: We're good, packing right now
Arthur: so it's a mess
Ann: you're leaving?
Arthur: Yes, for 2 weeks 
George: holidays!!! finally!
Ann: where are you going?
George: Greece!!! My beloved Athens
Ann: of course!
Summary: George and Arthur are going to Greece for holidays for 2 weeks.
Dialogue: Luke: <file_photo> what do you think?
Denny: wow, the composition is great. nice job, man!
Patti: it's great! the colors work well too, good spatial planning, you're definitely getting better :)
Luke: thanks, guys :) I can actually tell I'm making progress so thanks for all your tips!
Summary: Luke is making progress thanks to Patti and Denny.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: Your homemade food is amazing babe!!
Jacqueline: I will order more meals for next week :)
Kaylee: Thank you darling :)
Jacqueline: How are you managing to prepare so many meals each week?
Kaylee: I'm not doing it alone, I'm doing it together with another girl from the gym 😉
Jacqueline: Ah! Amazing!
Kaylee: Tomorrow I'll send you the menu we have for next week
Jacqueline: Perfect babe, thanks!
Summary: Jacqueline will order more meals from Kaylee next week. Kaylee and another girl from the gym prepare the meals together. Kaylee will send Jacqueline the menu for the next week tomorrow.
Dialogue: Donna: Hi Ronald, good morning! I have filled the questionnaire already.
Ronald: Hi Donna, thanks so much for your hard work! 
Ronald: I've gone through it yesterday and have some questions.
Ronald: What would you say about a very short call at 10.30 AM CET?
Donna: It will be 4:30pm my time, could you make it 15 mins earlier as I need to call a manager around 4:50pm.
Ronald: Absolutely, so 4.15 pm your time.
Ronald: It'll take around 10 mins.
Donna: Good! Just call me around that time. 
Donna: I will be staying on line
Ronald: Will do! Talk to you then!
Donna: Thanks!
Ronald: Just one more thing, Donna.
Ronald: Is there a chance you collect the feedback from Jack by the time we speak?
Donna: Hasn't he sent it over to you yet?
Ronald: No, I'm afraid he hasn't. 
Donna: Then of course, I'll reach out to him for his input, no problem!
Ronald: That'd be lovely! 
Ronald: Can we now?
Donna: Hi, sure, I’m ready!
Summary: Ronald and Donna will have a short phone call at 4.15 p.m. Ronald want to discuss the questionnaire that Donna filled out. Donna will collect a feedback from Jack and send it to Ronald.
Dialogue: Danny: Did you see the Independence March today?
Maria: Yes, I watched it on TV. Pretty cool.
Danny: I’ve just returned from it. 
Maria: Really? How was it?
Danny: Very crowded and loud . But definitely worth seeing. After all, it’s been 100th anniversary of Poland regaining independence. 
Maria: Yes, you don’t get many occasions like that in your life, do you? ;-)
Danny:  Definitely. Did you see the President’s speech he gave? 
Maria: Yes I did, it was very solemn and exalted.
Danny: Me and my parents, we had goose bumps!  In such a place, in  such a moment, this really makes you feel proud of your country. You should definitely join the march next year.
Maria: I think I will. Let’s go together.
Danny: OK, we’re set then;-)
Summary: Danny and Maria are talking about the Independence March in Poland. Danny and his parents had goose bumps when the president was speaking and they felt really proud of their country. Danny and Maria decide to go together to the march next year.
Dialogue: Nash: <file_other>
Raymond: that song is THE BOMB
Nash: i know, feeling the vibes already? :D
Raymond: we gonna hit the dance floor hard today
Nash: oh yeah, ladies beware!!
Raymond: hahahaha EXACTLY
Summary: Nash and Raymond are going to a party today.
Dialogue: Shantelle: Muse are playing in Bristol next June!!!! shall we go?
Chay: OMG!! Awesome!!! How much are tickets though? 
Shantelle: Urgh, I don't know, but they'll be expensive!!
Chay: Oh no! When do tickets go on sale? I'd imagine they will sell out pretty quick?
Shantelle: Maybe, I'll check. 
Shantelle: Oh yeah they have, well that made the decision for us... they were £140 anyway... each!
Chay: Ah well, maybe another time? 
Shantelle: Yeah, when we are rich and famous!
Chay: 🤣 🤞 
Summary: Chay and Shantelle are Muse's fans. They cannot afford the tickets for the upcoming concert next June in Bristol.
Dialogue: Nicole: Dinner's ready, where are you?
Matt: Sorry, got delayed.
Matt: I'm coming, though.
Nicole: OK, drive safe!
Summary: Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
Dialogue: Anton: Hello, i can offer you a room  with private bathroom . Don't hesitate to contact me
Clem: Hi sir, i'm interested. What is the price for  the room?
Anton: hello Clem, i offer you the  room for 400 zlotys a  month. You have shared access to the kitchen and the  laundry
Clem: Is internet included in the price?
Anton: yes of course, you have free internet.
Clem: Could you tell me if there are some buses or tram around?
Anton: The room is very well located at 2 minutes from buses and trams
Clem: How is the area?
Anton: the area is very quiet and  safe. You're not far from  the very center, where you can find all facilities for students
Clem: That's sound good. Can i come and visit it?
Anton: the room would  be available only next week at the beginning of march. 
Clem: I was in Warsaw  only these week in order to find accomodation for march.
Anton: I send you some pictures
Anton: <file_photo>, <file_photo>
Clem: thanks a lot. It's very nice. I'd be very pleased to live there.
Anton: Previous students were very happy here. They enjoyed their stay in Poland
Clem: Do you think  I could talk to them about it?
Anton: I may ask the actual student to get in touch  with  you but no, i cannot give their mails. Hope you understand
Clem: thanks. Let me think about it
Anton: No problem
Clem: Hello  sir, i  come back to you about the room, i'd like to rent it.
Anton: Hello  Clem, i'm sorry, but some one already ask me for the room . I wish you good luck for your search and a good stay in Poland
Clem: thank you
Summary: Anton has a room in Warsaw to offer. The rent is 400 PLN a month. Clem isn't sure whether he will take it. When he writes to Anton the second time, the room is no longer available.  
Dialogue: Martin: i'm moving to Poland
Peter: when?
Martin: in January
Peter: why?
Martin: i have to take care of new office in Warsaw
Peter: where?
Martin: Warsaw is a capitol of Poland idiot
Peter: wait, is there this crisis?
Martin: which one? xd
Peter: this with courts
Martin: oh, yeah
Peter: aren't you afriad of going there?
Martin: not really, i don't have anything in common with courts lol
Peter: but it seems to be a wild country!
Martin: come on, it's just politics
Summary: Martin is moving to Warsaw in January. He needs to look after new office.
Dialogue: John: merry xmas! <file_GIF>
Sue: Haha! Awesome :D
Sue: Thx. 
Sue: Merry Christmas!
Summary: John wishes Sue merry Christmas. She reciprocates the wishes.
Dialogue: Laura: Hey Kev, I'm planning to go to London in February! Will you still be there?!
Kevin: Sure! When exactly in February?
Laura: 11-17
Kevin: That's perfect! I happen to know that Tess is also coming to London around this time :)
Laura: We could have some cosy reunion then, what do you think?
Kevin: I'm in! You are also welcome to stay at my place, I have one spare room :D
Summary: Laura is coming to London on 11-17 February. Tess is coming around the same time. Kevin offered Laura to stay at his place.
Dialogue: Claire: Anyone home now?
Kitty: I'll be there soon, why?
Claire: I have a package delivery set up in half an hour
Kitty: Might not make it sorry
Claire: How about you Tom?
Tom: I am just making my last turn and I'll be there in 5
Claire: Gosh you're gonna save my ass picking it up
Tom: hahaah like always ladies, like always
Claire: Oh come on, not true, I helped you out too once 
Tom: Once, I've picked up dozens of clothes you ordered lol
Kitty: But never did that for me, huh?:D 
Tom: True! I guess you don't order for home 
Kitty: Sure I do, just when I know I'm home
Claire: Or when you know I'm home:D
Kitty: I did that maybe just once:D
Tom: Ok,ok I got you both covered if anything
Kitty: thanks<3
Claire: You home? Is package there?
Tom: just walked through the door, nobody even rang
Summary: Tom was going to pick up Claire's parcel but it was not delivered. Tom is happy to help Kitty and Claire picking up their parcels.
Dialogue: Henry: It's a beautiful morning!
Holly: Yeah, yeah. What are you so cheery about?
Henry: You know what day it is?
Holly: Your bday, I know.
Henry: I have an idea... I'll call you in a sec.
Holly: Ok
Summary: Holly has a birthday today so Henry will call her in a sec.
Dialogue: Jason: You’re not sleeping? It’s late where you are…
Patricia: 4 a.m. I cannot fall asleep
Jason: Must be the jetlag 
Summary: Patricia cannot sleep. She may be jet-lagged.
Dialogue: Timothy: I'm planning a new year's eve
Timothy: I'm inviting you guys, will you come?
Victor: Sure! When?
Victor: Hah, I'm just kidding
William: good one haha, where do you want to organize it?
Timothy: XD
Timothy: In my uncle's house that I was telling you about
Timothy: It is so fancy and uncle won't be there at that time and proposed that I can make a party there!
Victor: Wow! you are talking about that house?
Victor: Isn't your uncle a millionaire or something?
William: you are joking, aren't you!?
Timothy: no I am not joking and yes this is the house
Victor: We are gonna kill that party!
William: who else is comming?
Timothy: I don't know yet, I don't want any strangers 
Victor: Don't be a pussy
Victor: Just go on facebook, make an event and invite everyone!
William: Shut up Victor, we don't want any trouble
Timothy: Yee, have you watched this movie where the guy is doing exactly the same as you just said?
Victor: <file_other> this one? haha, that was my inspiration
William: I thought you you were serious on this xd
Summary: Timothy invites Victor and William for the New Year's Eve at his uncle's house. The guestlist is yet to be made. 
Dialogue: Ann: Will you bring me something to eat to my office?
Ann: I forgot my breakfast.
Mark: Okay, but about 10:00 okay?
Summary: Mark will bring Ann some food around 10. 
Dialogue: Adam: where cna I get some good kitchen shelves
Alex: IKEA
Adam: haha very funny
Alex: what's funny about IKEA?
Adam: you know I need something fancy
Alex: IKEA limited edition
Adam: oh fuck you 
Adam: do you know any place or are you just gonna fuck around with me?
Alex: Maybe that colonian store
Alex: on 5th
Adam: oh yeah
Adam: I forgot about it
Alex: It has some pretty good stuff
Alex: expensive though
Adam: ugh great
Summary: Adam is looking for good kitchen shelves. Alex recommends IKEA or a colonian store on 5th, which has pretty but expensive products. 
Dialogue: Lisa: Check this!
Lisa: <file_video>
Kate: what’s this?
Lisa: Rick’s new song. It’s gorgeous, isn’t it?
Kate: Give me a while…
Lisa: Ok, I’m going to Sandy
Kate: See u!
Summary: Lisa sent a video of Rick’s new song to Kate. Lisa thinks it's amazing.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi, have you caught up with the American Gods episodes?
Hank: Yeah, I finished the season
Bill: Ok. Did you like it?
Hank: Yeah, it was cool even if I never read the novel
Bill: The series is pretty faithful to the original
Hank: Ok, good to know
Bill: You should read it
Hank: I will one day... what other books by Gaiman are worth reading?
Bill: Well, most of them
Hank: Ok
Summary: Hank has seen all the episodes of this season of "American Gods". He liked it, though he has not read the novel. According to Bill the series is faithful to the original and also all the other books by Gaiman are worth reading.
Dialogue: Olga: good evening Danuta, sorry i missed your call. May i come tomorrow?
Danuta: yes of course
Olga: what time would be more convenient for you?
Danuta: around 11am?
Olga: great , see you tomorrow!
Summary: Olga missed Danuta's call. Olga will come to Danuta tomorrow around 11 a.m.
Dialogue: Samuel:  Ruby, see what discount tesco has!
Samuel: <file_photo>
Ruby: omg, pls buy at least 5 of them!
Samuel: Will you be able to eat all of them so quickly?
Ruby: I don't care, just take them XD
Samuel: <file_gif>
Summary: Ruby wants Samuel to take five pieces of the thing he's just sent him a photo of as there's discount at Tesco.
Dialogue: Lilah: Teacher is asking me to visit his home
Pedro: Yeah His wife is sick he needs someone to help him
Lilah: Would you like to come along?
Pedro: Can you pick me up from my house?
Lilah: Would be there right after 10 mins
Pedro: will be waiting
Lilah: K
Summary: Lilah will Pick up Pedro from his house in 10 minutes and they'll go to the teacher who needs help as his wife is sick. 
Dialogue: Nancy: <file_gif>
Suzie: Hi :D
Nancy: How are you?
Suzie: well... a bit tired, we came back at 2 last night...
Nancy: whoah, some kind of a party!
Suzie: yeah...
Nancy: look, maybe you'll help me
Suzie: ?
Nancy: I don't know what to get Michel and Josie.
Suzie: for their wedding you mean?
Nancy: Yeah...
Nancy: <file_gif>
Suzie: We're getting them a set of towels
Nancy: going practical, I get it...
Suzie: Well we thought buying them a blind dinner that they wouldn't enjoy wasn't the best option
Suzie: And everybody needs a towel.
Nancy: Lol
Nancy: What else does everybody need?
Suzie: cutlery?
Nancy: OMG, are we THAT old?
Suzie: :D
Nancy: OK, I'll think of sth practical...
Nancy: Thanks
Suzie: You're welcome :D
Suzie: <file_gif>
Summary: Nancy is looking for an idea for a wedding gift for Michel and Josie.
Dialogue: Meghan: R u a True Blue? 
Lily: Yep! I'm from Sydney but I used to live out woop woop ;)
Meghan: I'm from NYC
Lily: <gif>
Meghan: <gif>
Summary: Lily is from Sydney and Meghan is from NYC. 
Dialogue: Maryam: have you seen Mark today?
Hunter: nope, why?
Maryam: he walked into the office like 9.30
Maryam: and looks really bad
Hunter: haha, I know Teddy and others went partying last night
Maryam: partying in the middle of the week?
Maryam: I don't think Mr. Johansen will be happy about it XD
Hunter: luckily for Mark Johansen is on a trip today :D
Maryam: what a lucky ducky he is :D
Summary: Teddy, Mark and others went partying last night. Mr. Johansen wouldn't be happy about it, but, luckily for Mark, he's on a trip today.
Dialogue: Cyril: Hi Stevie, i left my keys to Mattie. Could you bring them me back next time we meet?
Steve: of course. Thanks a lot for Mattie. Very nice of you to leave her your flat.
Cyril: she's such a nice girl. It's a pleasure.
Steve: I have a meeting at the HQ next month. Are you invited too?
Cyril: Yes. All directors from the retail branch are invited.
Steve: good, so i'll give your keys back.
Cyril: don't worry, there is no hurry. I've got mine.
Steve: still, you may need them again .
Summary: Cyril left the keys to his flat for Mattie. Steve will bring them back next time they meet. Both Steve and Cyril will attend the meeting at the HQ next month, with all the directors from the retail branch.
Dialogue: Mario: Good evening Anna, can someone still order party pass with my promo code?
Anna: Hey Mario, no, your codes were active until the end of April
Mario: Can you please just open it for this one pass???
Anna: Which type?
Mario: party pass
Anna: 1 sec
Mario: Thank you!
Anna: done!. btw you can go crazy and sell the B type now. 3h left :)
Mario: haha ok. btw I am definitely not coming! :( I am going to miss you A LOT!!!
Anna: We are going to miss you too. we will make a paper figure of Mario!
Mario: The person is still trying the code, it's not working...
Mario: code not valid :(
Anna: Let me check it again. The code is valid for sure but maybe there's some IP issue again
Mario: I think it's french IP so there should be no problem
Anna: Please try again now and reload the page after you enter the code
Mario: It worked now! Perfect :) Thank you very much Anna! Have fun, see you next year
Anna: Take care :*
Summary: Mario wants Anna to give him one promo code for party pass. Anna gives him the code. It doesn't work at first, but works after refreshing the page.
Dialogue: Kailey: <file_photo>
Kailey: so i guess that's the end of my good day ;/
Cristina: whaaaa
Cristina: what a nuisance!
Kailey: yeah, right?;/
Kailey: i blocked him on fb, on messenger, whatsapp
Kailey: last week i added him to the black list on my phone
Cristina: shit
Cristina: don't you think sth should be done about it?
Kailey: what do you mean?
Cristina: idk. have you told Misch?
Kailey: not about this one. 
Kailey: last week i did
Kailey: he asked me if i wanted him to call him
Cristina: and?
Kailey: I don't know.. do you think he should?
Kailey: I really don't want to drag him into this
Cristina: K, he's your husband! He's been dragged the moment you married him 7 years ago! ;D
Kailey: well, maybe you're right
Cristina: sure i am! tell him
Kailey: and then what?
Cristina: i don't know
Cristina: he'll probably beat the shit out of him xD
Kailey: exactly... i'm not sure if it's the right thing to do
Cristina: K, you've told him like a thousand times to fuck off
Cristina: and obviously he doesn't get it
Cristina: maybe it's the only way
Kailey: ouf... ok. i'll tell him tonight. i'll let him decide what to do
Cristina: that's the spirit!
Summary: Kailey has a stalker. Kailey's husband of 7 years, Misch, will contact the man to get him to stop but Cristina and Kailey worry Misch might beat him up.
Dialogue: Tristan: I decided to go on a cruise with my parents
Alan: Wow 😮
Alan: Where you guys heading off? 
Tristan: Cruise around Hawaii
Tristan: And we will be around Russian area too 
Martin: Wow! Bering Strait!? 
Tristan: Exaclty!
Martin: I am just
Martin: so jealous bro omg! 
Alan: Wow 😮😮
Tristan: I've always wanted to visit the Russian Kamchatka and Alaska area
Tristan: We wont stop in Russia though 
Tristan: a visa is needed
Tristan: We'll just cruise around there
Alan: Wow wow 
Eva: You going this summer? 
Tristan: Yes
Eva: That's the best time to go 
Tristan: I know, it wont be too hot but wont be cold either
Martin: Sounds splendid! 
Summary: Tristan is going for a cruise around Hawaii with his parents in the summer. He will cruise also around Kamchatka and Alaska area. 
Dialogue: Tory: Anybody is going for the conference in Africa in June?
Maya: where is it exactly?
Corina: Ghana
Corina: Acra, I believe
Ulrike: correct, besides that it's Accra :P
Corina: misspelled
Ulrike: anyway, it's going to be huge, so I recommend everybody to apply
Tory: when is the deadline?
Ulrike: quite soon unfortunately
Ulrike: end of February
Corina: but still doable for a shot summary
Ulrike: I believe so
Maya: I'll give it a try for sure
Summary: There is a conference in Accra, Ghana in June. The deadline for applications is the end of February. Maya will try to apply.
Dialogue: Kimberly: Look what you dog did to my new shoes!!!
Steven: What?
Kimberly: <file_photo>
Steven: Damn not again! Why did you leave them there?
Kimberly: I did not leave them there! He took them from our bedroom!
Steven: But how?!
Kimberly: I've no idea you moron, perhaps he managed to open the door somehow?
Steven: Jesus, I seriously do not know how to make things work with him :(
Kimberly: We should make an appointment with this behaviourist, Lilly, again.
Steven: You're right, I'll give her a call
Summary: Steven's dog ate Kimberly's new shoes. This is not the first time the dog destroyed something. They think they should take the pet to the behaviorist as it is uncontrollable.
Dialogue: John: Hey, James. found accommodation?
James: I am looking for an apartment to rent. what about you?
John: Yes me too.. Since my parents’ house is so far away, I need to find an apartment closer to school. I thought you were going to stay at the school dormitory.
James: I still have not decided whether to stay at the dormitory or not. I am looking at different options to find the cheapest lodging.
John: So, what are you looking for?
James: All I need is a place big enough for my bed, my desk and my television. 
John: Me too. 
James: How long have you been looking?
John: I just started this week. Since school is going to start next month, I figured I better start the process as soon as possible.
James: It is not easy to find an apartment to your liking that does not cost a lot. I 
John: Really? Is it that difficult to find an apartment?
James: No, it is just that everything I like so far is too expensive and way beyond my reach.
John: Is it because they are very close to school? I heard that the closer they are to school, the higher the rental cost.
James: Maybe that is the problem. Since I do not have a car, I need to find something close to school. 
John: Have you thought about sharing an apartment? If you want, we can find a two bedroom apartment and share it. It may be cheaper that way.
James: That could solve our problem.
John: Wait! Maybe we should talk this over before we decide.James: Right. For this plan to succeed, we need to come up with some sort of agreement or set of rules.
John: Here is my first question: What do you do during the weekdays?
James: I have to go to work from 8:00AM to 12:00PM, and then I have school from 1:00PM to 5:00PM. After that I plan to go home, eat dinner, and work on my school assignments. How about you?
John: Well, I have class from 8:00AM to 10:00AM, and then I go to the library to work until 2:00PM. After that, it is school again until 4:00PM. I plan to stay on campus until 6:00PM to work on my computer projects, and then go home to work on my other classes’ assignments.
James: It is my turn to ask the second question. Do you plan to have your friends over at the apartment very often?
John: No, not on weekdays. I want to finish my homework during the weekdays as much as possible. I think half of my weekend will also be reserved for homework. If my friends do stop by, it will probably be during the weekend.
James: Good, I plan to do the same things during school time. I also plan to visit my parents during the weekend. My mom is a great cook.
John: My parents’ house is too far to visit once a week. I will go home to see them and my little brother during the holidays. I need to be happy with whatever foods I cook.
James: It seems that sharing an apartment with you may work. Do you want to try it?
John: Yes. Let’s go in and take a look at this one.
Summary: John and James are looking for accommodation near their school. James is short on money and has no car. John suggests sharing an apartment and they agree on a set of rules on using such a place on weekdays and at the weekend. They are going in to have a look at one place.
Dialogue: Sharon: hey did you do much today in Spanish?
Erikah: i thought you were there today :o
Sharon: yeah I was there for the first class, had to leave before the second one
Erikah: ooooh
Hazel: we did the past tense
Sharon: could you send me some notes pretty please? :)
Hazel: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Sharon: thank you so much! ^^
Hazel: :)
Summary: Hazel sent Sharon notes from today's Spanish class.
Dialogue: Laura: Danny broke up with me
Emily: whaaaaaaaaat?!!
Diana: :O
Laura: Yes.
Diana: But you were together for so long
Laura: That's right,
Diana: How long btw??
Laura: 3 yr
Emily: Now I'm shocked!! How did it happen?
Laura: I didn't let you know sooner, cause I wanted to be comfortable talking about it
Diana :(
Laura: He said that we dont have much in common
Diana: I can't believe that
Laura: Well, me too...
Emily: When??
Laura: A week ago
Emily: x(
Diana: Is there sth we can do for you?
Laura: Don't think so :(
Summary: Danny broke up with Laura a week ago. Emily is shocked about it.
Dialogue: Amanda: Hey Angela, are you coming to the church meeting tonight?
Angela: I don't thinks so. I have problems with my car.
Amanda: I can pick you up if you want.
Angela: That would be nice.
Amanda: Cool. I'll be at your place at 7:30.
Summary: Amanda will pick Angela up at 7.30 tonight. They are going to the church meeting.
Dialogue: Patrick: I don’t get it
Patrick: Why do you even care about this asshole?
Pearl: Patrick, it’s not that easy.
Pearl: I love him
Patrick: He’s a jerk. He mistreats you.
Pearl: He does but he also shows me lots of affection
Patrick: When he needs you.
Patrick: You need to value yourself more.
Patrick: You are a smart woman
Patrick: You don’t need him.
Pearl: You won’t get it. 
Pearl: It’s not easy for a woman like me to find a man.
Pearl: I’m fat and ugly.
Patrick: You’re not ugly and there are plenty of guys who like bigger girls. 
Patrick: Respectable guys who know how to treat a woman right.
Summary: Pearl's boyfriend mistreats her but she loves him anyway. Patrick is trying to convince her to leave him. Pearl is fat and ugly, so it's not so easy for her.
Dialogue: Nathaniel: There will be solar eclipse today! 
Ian: what is that?
Nathaniel: the passes through the shadow cast by the moon blocks the sun. （　´_ゝ`）
Nathaniel: what did you learn while in school? im so disappointed Σ(゜д゜;)
Ian: I know i didnt study that much while in school.┐('～`；)┌
Ian: so when is it?┌(；`～,)┐
Summary: Today, it's solar eclipse. Ian doesn't know what it is.
Dialogue: Allen: look at me standing
Allen: here on my own again
Michelle: listening to Katie?;)
Allen: <file_gif>
Molly: this song is just THE best <3
Allen: yes it is
Michelle: and this cover is just so much better than the original 
Allen: what a wonderful wonderful world
Molly: ok now i gotta play it too :D
Michelle: exactly what i'm doing now:D
Allen: hahaha contagious :D
Molly: so true ;)
Michelle: <file_gif>
Summary: Allen, Michelle and Molly are listening to a song of Katie.
Dialogue: Niamh: Buba, do you still want us to visit you in Berlin?
George: we can come at the beginning of February
Buba: <3 <3 <3
Buba: Sure! :)
Niamh: perfect!
George: we thought about spending two nights in Berlin
Buba: I work on Friday but I usually finish early, at 4 p.m.
Niamh: if you miss French food or anything we could bring you sth
Buba: Friday and Saturday nights are fine by me
Buba: but you have to book the tickets asap 
George: should we bring anything to sleep on?
Buba: bring me sth from regional French cuisine <3
Buba: I'll ask Rupert if you could sleep in his room
Buba: he usually spends weekends at his girlfriend's place
Niamh: wow great
George: so tipical cheese from Bretagne would be good for you?
Buba: YES PLEASE
Niamh: can't wait to visit you
Buba: Berlin's great
George: ok so today we'll look for tickets
Buba: great so I'll text Rupert about his plans for the first weekend of February
Niamh: <file_gif>
Summary: Niamh and George will visit Buba the first weekend of February. They will probably sleep in Rupert's room. Buba will ask his permission. Buba finishes at 4 p.m. on Friday. Niamh and George will buy tickets today.
