Dialogue: Matt: Do you want to go for date?
Agnes: Wow! You caught me out with this question Matt.
Matt: Why?
Agnes: I simply didn't expect this from you.
Matt: Well, expect the unexpected.
Agnes: Can I think about it?
Matt: What is there to think about?
Agnes: Well, I don't really know you.
Matt: This is the perfect time to get to know eachother
Agnes: Well that's true.
Matt: So let's go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz.
Agnes: Now your convincing me.
Matt: Cool, saturday at 6pm?
Agnes: That's fine.
Matt: I can pick you up on the way to the restaurant.
Agnes: That's really kind of you.
Matt: No problem.
Agnes: See you on saturday.
Matt: Yes, looking forward to it.
Agnes: Me too.
Summary: Matt invites Agnes for a date to get to know each other better. They'll go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz on Saturday at 6 pm, and he'll pick her up on the way to the place.
Dialogue: Jane: Thanks for standing by me btw!
Judy: no need to thank me, i knew you were telling the truth
Jane: thanks again. im glad the teacher beleives in me again
Judy: yeah
Jane: thank you friend mike for me also
Judy: i will
Jane: cool. see you tomorrow
Judy: ok
Summary: Jane is grateful to Judy and Mike.
Dialogue: Mario: Hi, group. I’m here! 💙
Patrick: Just landed as well :D
Daniela: omg!! 885th festival!!! And you are still teaching with a smile, I really admire you ❤️❤️❤️ see you tomorrow 😘😘
Marta: See you tomorrow !!!! 😁😁😉 💙💙
Abdo: Wishing u double this number bro, god bless 
Vipin: Sir u are my biggest inspiration always want to learn from u Waiting for your India 🇮🇳 tour Mario  sir
Mario: I’ll be there next summer! <file_video>
Mihai: What, not even four figures yet? I'm disappointed... 😊
Richie: Have fun Oreo  but on a serious note, you are a true legend.. up you go to your 1000th festival and congress and that would be celebrated big time..congrats bro
Babacar: respect
Ieva: Can't wait to see you tonight! ❤️
Alina:  Amazing! 😍 
Summary: Mario is going on his 885th festival, which made him a legend and an inspiration for others.
Dialogue: Ben: Do you remember the missing Boeing 777 ?
Mary: The Malaysian Airlines plane that vanished on route to Kuala Lumpur ?
Ben: Yes. Someone claims he has found it in a Cambodian jungle
Mary: He was travelling there ?
Ben: No, he found it on Google Earth. He noticed something looking like a plane in the middle of the jungle
Mary: And anyone confirmed it ?
Ben: No, but he intends to get there to check it
Mary: Interesting!
Summary: Ben informs Mary that there is someone claiming to have found (with use of a Google Earth map) a missing Boeing 777 in a jungle.
Dialogue: Chris: Let’s chill out tonight. Any ideas?
Scott: I’m just chillin’
Scott: I’m sipping margherita now 😉
Paul: You’re full of shit, man
Chris: <gif>
Scott: <foto>
Chris: 😊
Summary: Scott is drinking margherita right now.
Dialogue: Darcy: want some pie?
Aileen: sure :)
Darcy: then come ;)
Aileen: ok
Summary: Darcy offers Aileen some pie, but she has to go to him to get it.
Dialogue: Julie: 16:30 at ur place? Would it be ok?
James: Yep! <3
Julie: phew
Julie: we finally found a date that works for both of us
James: Julie, you'll kill me, but can we postpone it until 17.00?
Julie: Ok, but I'll have to leave at 18.00
James: Could u remind me what kind of soups u eat?
James: Can't remember your allergies
Julie: <file_photo>
Julie: And ofc everything that is inedible for every folk ;)
James: OK, so looks like mushroom soup works for you
Julie: yes!
Julie: As long as it's without meat
James: With sweet potato?
Julie: omg yeeeeees!
James: And btw, gimme ur @, gonna send you little sth
Julie: Juliejulieee@gmail.com
James: You can check your mailbox now
Julie: Oh my! Thanks!
James: I've already uploaded the piece of it on my fb page, you should like it
Julie: lol
James: Ok, so see ya on Monday then
Summary: Julie is meeting James at his place at 5 pm on Monday. James is preparing a soup for Julie. Julie has food allergies and does not eat meat.
Dialogue: Lindsey: I'm going to Paris for the weekend
Martin: A weekend? That's too short
David: Cool! Where are you going to stay?
Lindsey: With a friend
Martin: A friend? oh la la
Lindsey: A friend with benefits ;-)
Martin: Of course! 
Summary: Lindsey is going to Paris for the weekend with her lover.
Dialogue: Patrick: Mom, can stay over at Mark's house tonight?
Sheila: are his parents going to be there?
Patrick: yes
Sheila: for sure?
Patrick: they are going out but will be back by 10pm
Sheila: okay just call me when you're there&safe for the night
Patrick: I will
Sheila: I love you pumpkin
Patrick: love you too mum
Sheila: although I'm making roast beef for dinner tonight and you'll miss it
Patrick: save me some for tomorrow?
Sheila: of course <3
Patrick: bye mom
Summary: Patrick will stay over at Mark's house tonight with Sheila's permission. Mark's parents are going out, but will be back by 10 PM. Patrick will call Sheila when he's at the house. Sheila is making roast beef for dinner tonight. Sheila will save some of it for tomorrow for Patrick.
Dialogue: Roberta: How is your new job?
Ted: Quite good, I'm learning lots of things. Analytics is always interesting :)
Roberta: Do they pay well?
Ted: All depends on your needs. I must say that the salary above the avarage really satisfies me :)
Roberta: I'm happy for you :)
Ted: Thanks, how about your job?
Roberta: Well, I'm thinking of changing my job...
Summary: Ted is satisfied with his new job in analytics. Roberta thinks about changing hers.
Dialogue: Patrick: Does anyone have the number of this new girl?
Pearl: Yes. Her name is Jasmine. 
Jackson: Can I also get her number?
Pearl: You guys are terrible!
Pearl: I'm not authorised to give her number to anyone
Pearl: Why don't you ask her?
Patrick: Fine!  Please tell her that I'm throwing a party this weekend and she's welcome to come.
Summary: Patrick is throwing a party this weekend and would like to invite the new girl, Jasmine, but he doesn't have her number. 
Dialogue: Amber: I passed my driving test today! So happy! Xxx
Nancy: Congratulations!
Gina: OMG!!! Amazing!
Bob: well done!
Zara: brilliant! So happy for you! Xxx
Will: awesome!
Summary: Amber passed her driving test today.
Dialogue: Blaire: hello buddy
Jack: hey
Blaire: what's up?
Jack: homework
Blaire: when will you finish?
Jack: i need two hours
Blaire: will you go jogging wih me?
Jack: jogging?
Jack: you?
Blaire: im too fat xd
Jack: i will join you in the park
Jack: cause you will be there, right?
Blaire: yeah, see yo there
Summary: Jack will finish doing his homework in 2 hours. Jack and Blaire will go jogging in the park together.
Dialogue: Ethan: hey put the radio on!
Ethan: channel 2
Megan: why? 
Ethan: just do it! There's the interview on allergies I had 2 weeks ago
Megan: okie dokie, calm down :P
Megan: you already behave like a celebrity :P
Summary: Megan will turn radio Channel 2 on to listen to Ethan's interview on allergies.
Dialogue: Oscar: Hey everyone, since we managed to agree on the location of the party (congratulations), it is time to agree on what to buy for it :)
Eric: We will buy it all together or bring our own?
Oscar: That is the question :) In my opinion we should buy it all together
Marc: I agree, it isn't our city plus it is a once in a year party ;)
Eric: What does the rest think?
Steve: We can buy it all together :)
Robert: Agreed
Oscar: Ok, so let me know here is anyone has any special requests or we just buy the usual
Robert: And let's agree on the budget :)
Eric: I think 50-60 from everyone is reasonable?
Steve: It is ok, but we need to buy some wine for the ladies ;)
Oscar: How many people are we expecting? 12?
Robert: Something like that, depends if anyone gets sick or brings a +1 ;)
Eric: Getting sick I can believe, but getting a plus one? Hahaha
Robert: You never know ;)
Summary: Oscar, Eric, Robert and Marc concured on the site of the party. They choose to chip in 50-60 to but drinks. About 12 people are invited. 
Dialogue: Todd: I'm just checking if you want fried rice or plain?
Sue: Fried. Plain is so boring! Why do they even ask?
Todd: I'm sure someone likes it. I'll get you fried. Okay?
Sue: Yep! I'm good with that.
Todd: Should just be a few minutes. Do you want anything else?
Sue: Maybe a bottle of wine? White?
Todd: Pino Grigio okay?
Sue: Fab! Thanks!
Todd: Okay, see you soon!
Sue: Can't wait! Starving!
Summary: Todd will get fried rice and some Pinot Grigio for Sue.
Dialogue: Charlotte: What's your favourite colour?
Edna: Blue. Yours?
Charlotte: Green. Do you like ponies?
Edna: I love ponies! My parents told me they're going to buy me one for my b-day. :)
Charlotte: Wow! Your parents must be rich.
Edna: Idk. I'm so happy. I'll get to visit him whenever I want to.
Charlotte: Mine can't afford to buy me one ;(
Edna: You can visit mine with me if you want :)
Charlotte: Really?
Edna: Yeah.
Charlotte: Thanks.
Edna: No problem.
Summary: Edna will get a pony from her parents as a birthday present. Charlotte's parents can't afford one. Charlotte might visit Edna.
Dialogue: Chris: What does it mean "embarquement"? Nobody speaks English here
Nancy: boarding, so be careful not to miss this one
Daniel: haha, poor Chris!
Chris: thx
Summary: Chris doesn't know what "embarquement" means. Chris can't find a person who speaks English where he is.
Dialogue: Katie: <file_photo>
Leah: cool!
Katie: i think i need to change my tires :D
Leah: yeah you better do :D
Summary: Katie thinks she needs to change her tires.
Dialogue: Noah: I met Mike with a new girlfriend today !
Lisa: Really?!
Lisa: And what is she like?
Noah: Just like Sharon :)
Noah: Maybe a little higher, but very nice.
Noah: We are going to Cinema next friday.
Lisa: Really? 
Lisa: Can i go with u?
Noah: Sure :)
Summary: Noah met Mike with a new girlfriend today. Noah goes to the cinema with them next Friday. Lisa also wanted to go with them and Noah agreed. 
Dialogue: Lucia: hi, just wanted to share that pic we took yesterday
Lucia: <file_photo>
Margaret: thanks 🙂
Lucia: 😃
Summary: Lucia sent to Margaret a photo they took yesterday.
Dialogue: Julia: What’s your schedule for this week?
Darline: I have a flight to Sao Paulo on Thursday
Darline: I’m on standby today
Darline: Hope nobody calls me
Darline: I’m exhausted
Julia: I’m on standby also
Julia: Why so tired?
Darline: I have a new boyfriend
Darline: You know how it is at the beginning ;-)
Julia: Lots of fucking
Darline: Exactly ;-)
Julia: Who is the lucky one?
Julia: Do I know him?
Darline: I’m not sure
Julia: Is it someone from the crew?
Julia: A pilot??
Darline: Yes. A pilot. His name is José. I don’t know if you’ve met him...
Julia: OMG. Is that the horny captain from Bolivia?
Darline: ….?
Julia: Honey, I’m sorry. But you’re not his only girlfriend. He has at least six, as far as I know. 
Julia: We had sex a few times, but as soon as I realised he prefers quantity over quality I pulled back.
Summary: Darline has a flight to Sao Paulo on Thursday and she's on standby today. Julia's also on standby. Darline has a new boyfriend, José. Julia knows that José has at least 6 girlfriends. 
Dialogue: Uncle Billy: Your scissors came in the post today, your funny scissors.
Abbie: They're mom's. For the cats' claws.
Uncle Billy: That's a relief.
Abbie: Why?
Uncle Billy: I thought you were planning to trim my nose hairs.
Summary: Mom's scissors for the cat's claws have arrived today.
Dialogue: Lisa: So today's the big day?
Margaret: Yep, thats right
Margaret: I dont think ima pass :((
Alex: It'll be ok ;-)
Lisa: Fingers crossed for you!
Margaret: Thx :*
Alex: Let us know how was it
Alex: OK??
Margaret: Ok, I'll let you know
Lisa: What time does it start?
Margaret: About 9, maybe a bit earlier
Lisa: Ok, good luck! :*
Margaret: :*
Summary: Margaret has an exam today. It starts at 9. She will inform Alex and Lisa about the results afterwards,
Dialogue: Andrew: hey
Ginny: hello 
Andrew: how are you? 
Ginny: nice 
Ginny: :) 
Ginny: and you? 
Andrew: me too 
Summary: Ginny and Andrew are doing fine.
Dialogue: Joanna: My doctor told me that I shouldn't be doing yoga any more.
Paula: Why is that?
Joanna: He said there's something wrong with my back.
Paula: That doesn't necessary mean you need to stop doing yoga.
Joanna: Well, that's what he said. I'm not a doctor.
Paula: But does he know what kind of yoga you do?
Joanna: Hahaha, like he cares
Paula: See? Btw, what kind of yoga you do actually? :D
Joanna: I tried different, but now I'm going to ashtanga classes.
Paula: Hm... It is quite strenuous.
Joanna: So what do you suggest?
Paula: I don't know what's wrong with your back, but I'd rather go for sivananda.
Joanna: I tried it at the beginning, but I found it boring to be honest...
Paula: Not if you have a good teacher.
Joanna: Could you recommend me someone then?
Paula: Of course I can! With pleasure!
Paula: I go to Lotus studio, call them and ask for classes with Tina. She's amazing.
Joanna: Thank you! I love doing yoga, I was feeling really bummed out when the doctor told me to quit.
Paula: I don't think that you have to. Maybe you could bring all your medical files to consult?
Joanna: Is this possible?
Paula: There's one therapist, you know, just in case someone's injured. He can have a look and advise you which exercise you can do and which to avoid.
Joanna: That'd be wonderful!
Summary: Joanna's doctor forbid her to do yoga because she has back problems. She does ashtanga yoga. She find sivanada yoga boring. Paula goes to Lotus studio for classes with Tina. Joanna will try this class and bring her medical files to consult with the therapist.
Dialogue: Harold: I still can't believe Erica hasn't seen Ghostbusters.
James: I know. I can't imagine my life without that movie, or the 80s for that matter.
Harold: I know she was born in the early 90s, but still.
James: I should lend her my DVD.
Harold: You have I and II don't you?
James: I used to, but Don borrowed II and still hasn't given it back to me.
Harold: That creep. He may be the only who likes II better than the original.
James: Yeah, I've never able to figure that out.
Harold: By the way, did you hear that Bill Murray has been touring the world? 
James: Really? No, I had no clue. Doing what?
Harold: Live readings accompanied by classical music.
James: Sounds like fun. He isn't coming to Pittsburgh soon by any chance?
Harold: We already missed him. He was here in April.
James: Nuts.
Harold: Yeah, I love the idea. Would have been great to have seen him.
James: Do you know what Dan Akroyd is up to these days?
Harold: No, nothing besides Crystal Head Vodka and House of Blues last I knew.
James: That's too bad. I'd be great to see him in another film.
Harold: Agreed.
Summary: Erica hasn't seen Ghostbusters. James should lend her his DVD. He used to have both parts but lent II to Don. Bill Murray has tours with live readings and classical music. He was in Pittsburgh in April, but James and Harold missed him. Dan Akroyd is engaged in Crystal Head Vodka and House of Blues.
Dialogue: Anton: Are you in Boston?
Jeff: Exactly in Cambridge
Charles: At M.I.T?
Jeff: yes, I'm having a conference here
Anton: Perfect! do you have any plans for tonight?
Jeff: Not really
Charles: bear?
Jeff: would be nice, I like this city a lot
Anton: Could you come to Boston
Jeff: where exactly?
Anton: let's meet at the Boston Common
Jeff: good, I can be there around 8.30
Anton: I'm already free, so any time is good for me
Charles: ok, so 8.30!
Summary: Jeff is coming to Boston Common at 8.30 tonight to meet Anton and Charles for a beer. 
Dialogue: Oliver: Hi
Oscar: What's up?
Oliver: I'm going to see a movie.
Oliver: Wanna join?
Oscar: Which movie?
Oliver: Call me by your name
Oscar: I've seen it
Oscar: It's a great movie
Oscar: I could se it again
Oliver: Come and join me!
Oscar: I need to finish something
Oscar: I can come in an hour
Oliver: Ok I'll wait for you
Summary: Oliver's going to watch a film, Oscar has seen it already, but will join Oliver in an hour to watch it again.
Dialogue: Alan: hey, change of plans
Alan: i'll join you on wednesday :/
Asher: :O
Asher: woah
Alan: yeah :/
Summary: Alan changed his plans and he will join Asher on Wednesday. 
Dialogue: Emily: yeah, id really like to learn Spanish but idk im having a hard time
Ryan: yeah I like Spanish a lot it be good to learn to,Why are you having a hard time?
Emily: I don't have a good teacher and Im just lazy and can't focus haha
Ryan: well I could help you? I learned when I was little so I know it pretty good 
Emily: REally? that be amazing! thank you! can you speak anything else other then English and Spanish 
Ryan: no but im learning French and I hope soon I can haha but like you said its pretty hard to start a new language haha
Emily: Tell me about it yes XD but I think its good to learn
Ryan: yess  I agree it can be really helpful.  
Summary: Emily wants to learn Spanish. Ryan will help her. He is also learning French.
Dialogue: Pippo: Hi!
Mario: Ciao!
Maryam: Ciao, guys!
Pippo: What about a beer or something tonight after work?
Maryam: Count me in
Mario: Same for me
Pippo: Good! 7.30 at Jack's?
Mario: Ok
Maryam: Ok, see you later :)
Summary: Pippo, Mario and Maryam will go for a beer to Jack's tonight after work at 7.30.
Dialogue: Alan: Hi mate
Ian: Hey
Alan: Are you on night shift tomorrow?
Ian: No, lucky me
Alan: Ok
Summary: Ian is not on the night shift tomorrow.
Dialogue: Aaron: Hi Bob, are you sending Katie to the school trip?
Bob: Hi Aaron, Katie really wants to go.
Bob: So Marie & I agreed.
Aaron: So does Vicki.
Aaron: I'm trying to convince Sandra though.
Bob: She's not convinced?
Aaron: Well you know, it would be Vicki's first time away from home.
Aaron: For an entire week.
Bob: Yeah, same for Katie.
Bob: But we decided she needs to start getting independent.
Aaron: That's what I was thinking as well, but Sandra is freaking out...
Aaron: I've been telling her that the kids will be taken care of- quite a few teachers are going with them.
Bob: And most of the kids are going, so she won't feel lonely.
Aaron: Exactly and they have so many activities planned.
Aaron: She'll barely have time to think about us :D
Bob: Yeah, and now there are so many means of communication.
Bob: You can see each other every day on Whats app.
Aaron: I know, remember our school trips?
Aaron: We didn't even have cell phones.
Bob: Oh yeah, those were the good old days.
Bob: No parental control :D
Aaron: And that's what I've been telling Sandra all along.
Bob: I have a thought.
Bob: Maybe Marie could invite her for coffee. You know they would chit chat and & maybe she could convince her.
Aaron: That's a great idea man.
Aaron: It might just work.
Bob: OK, I'll tell Marie about our plans.
Bob: She'll give Sandra a call.
Aaron: Perfect, thanks man!
Summary: Marie will call Sandra to invite her over for coffee. Bob and Aaron want Sandra to convince Marie to let Vicki go to a school trip for a week.
Dialogue: Harriet: heyo, did you get your tickets yet?
Samantha: no, not yet
Samantha: I keep forgetting :-O
Harriet: you know they're gonna sell out fast
Harriet: the closer we get to xmas
Samantha: i know, i know
Harriet: do you really want to stand on the train for 3 hours coz there are no seats left?
Samantha: ugh no, of course not
Harriet: so buy them now!!!
Summary: Samantha keeps forgetting to buy the train tickets. She should do it soon, because they're selling out fast before Christmas.
Dialogue: Vicky: Can I ask a really big favour?
Grant: Sure.
Vicky: Can I borrow 50 bucks until the end of the month? Please, please... 
Grant: Is that on top of the other other couple of 50s you borrowed this month?
Grant: Happy to lend it to you as long as you pay it ALL back by the end of the month.
Vicky: I will. I promise.
Grant: Cross your heart and hope to die? ;-)
Vicky: Of course. LOL
Vicky: It's just that things have been really unsteady at work and I'm still waiting on all the invoices to be paid.
Grant: You need better clients hun!
Vicky: If I could ditch all the ones I currently have I would... but money and all that. LOL
Grant: What good are clients that don't pay?
Vicky: You're right but what can I do. Is what is.
Summary: Grant will lend Vicky 50 dollars. She will reyurn it by the end of the month.
Dialogue: Tinley: How would you spend your vacation?
Crew: Maybe I would go to New tork
Tinley: Cool
Crew: What’s your favorite place you’ve been?
Tinley: I have been to Melbourne
Crew: Dats a nice city to visit
Tinley: Yeah it is
Crew: Should we go together this year?
Tinley: I will try to manage my budget
Crew: You will have to
Tinley: what about the permission from parents?
Crew: I will convince them dont worry
Tinley: What about yours
Crew: It might be difficult for me 
Tinley: You want me to talk to them
Crew: Let it be for now
Tinley: oke
Crew: Will talk when the time is close
Tinley: k sure <3
Summary: Tinley and Crew want to go to Melbourne together. First they have to convince their parents to let them.
Dialogue: Mike: how’s RDR2?
Nick: playing yesterday for 10h xDDD
Mike: What??? xDDDDDDD
Nick: 2 bags of chips, 1.5l cola and no shower
Mike: God
Nick: the best day of my life
Summary: Nick spent 10 hours playing Red Dead Redemption 2 yesterday. It was the best day of his life.
Dialogue: Edward: Rachel, I think I'm in ove with Bella..
rachel: Dont say anything else..
Edward: What do you mean??
rachel: Open your fu**ing door.. I'm outside
Summary: Edward thinks he is in love with Bella. Rachel wants Edward to open his door. Rachel is outside. 
Dialogue: Sandra: Hi, I was wondering whether Kate and you were interested in going skiing with me this year?
Daniel: Hi!
Daniel: I have no idea. I'll ask Kate. 
Daniel: When are you planning to go?
Sandra: I was thinking of March. 
Daniel: Where?
Sandra: Poland, Slovakia or maybe Italy, if I can organise a bigger group. 
Daniel: Okey, I'll ask Kate and let you know.
Sandra: We'll be in touch! 
Summary: Sandra in planning to go skiing either in Poland, Slovakia or in Italy, if she manages to gather more people. She invites Daniel and Kate to join her. Daniel and Kate will consider it.
Dialogue: Alice: Omg!!!
Alice: there's gonna be new part of fantastic beats!!!!
Mary: Omg no way!!!
Alice: I can't wait :D
Alice: When u come to Poland we have to see it
Mary: Definately!
Mary: I can't wait to come over for New Years
Alice: Me too!!!
Summary: Alice and Mary are going to watch "Fantastic Beasts" together. Mary will come to Poland for New Year's.
Dialogue: Helen: Hiya
Helen: Did Oliver get one of those award things yesterday?
Stacey: I don't think so, what are they?
Helen: Im not sure, I think they are called attendance awards or something
Stacey: oh yeah, Lindsay mentioned those, they are for kids who had 100% attendance this term. 
Stacey: Oliver didn't get one cause he has had a chest infection a little while back. 
Stacey: Has Kelsey not got one?
Helen: No she didn't, she has been poorly for a few days though. So the kids get awards if they haven't been sick?
Stacey: I guess so, sounds strange doesn't it?
Helen: I think so, they can't help it can they. School even tells us to keep them home when they are unwell. 
Helen: not very nice if you miss out on an award just because you have been ill 
Stacey: I guess they are trying to get attendance levels up by rewarding kids with awards
Helen: surely you'd want to address that with the parents though? Now you make the kid responsible for something they cant influence! 
Stacey: yeah and now the problem kids feel even more of a failure by not getting an award!
Helen: I don't think I like this very much, shall we have a word with the teacher? 
Stacey: I think you might have to go to the head straight away. Doesn't sound like something Mrs Bell has come up with...
Helen: Cool Are you coming?
Stacey: Sure. Let's check with Linds as well, she might wanna come.
Helen: yeah cool, see you tomorrow
Stacey: see you in the morning! 
Summary: Kids who were present every day during this term have been awarded. Stacey's and Helen's kids did not receive any because they were sick. Stacy and Helen think the idea is strange and will intervene at school, so they would stop awarding kids randomly.
Dialogue: Liesbeth: <file_photo>
Veronica: Wowowowow *.*
Veronica: You look hot!!
Liesbeth: ;-)
Charlie: Did you change your hair??
Liesbeth: Nooo, just new dress & jewelry
Veronica: Red suits you!!
Liesbeth: Thx a lot ;-)
Charlie: What was the occasion?
Liesbeth: Brad invited me for dinner
Liesbeth: It was our 2nd anniversary ;-)
Charlie: Omg, how time flies
Veronica: I didn't know you had an anniversary!! Congrats <3
Summary: Charlie and Veronica think Lisabeth looks great. Brad invited her for dinner for their second anniversary.
Dialogue: Donna: Where did you get that shirt? I didn't know they made those anymore! LOL!
Peter: It's vintage, baby!
Donna: LOL! Vintage mold!
Peter: Hey! Don't knock the fashion sense!
Donna: What fashion sense? LOL!
Peter: MY fashion sense!
Donna: You don't have any! That shirt is proof!
Peter: What's wrong with the shirt?
Donna: Well, the collar is enormous for one thing.
Peter: So?
Donna: So nobody has worn that since the 70s!
Peter: See? Vintage!
Donna: And it's a horrible baby-poo brown for another thing. Also very 70s!
Peter: At least I'm consistent.
Donna: It's just nasty. Can you change at lunch?
Peter: Why would I do that?
Donna: Because you're making me vomit when I look at you!
Peter: Exaggerate much?
Donna: No! Totally barf!
Peter: Now who sounds like the 70s?!
Donna: What?
Peter: Totally!
Donna: That's the 80s dumass!
Peter: Oh! LOL!
Summary: Donna doesn't like Peter's vintage shirt.
Dialogue: Henry: <file_gif>
Leo: <file_gif>
Henry: how was the film?
Leo: really good
Leo: the best i've seen this year i think
Henry: nice
Leo: how was yours?
Henry: really amazing, i was so surprised
Henry: an absolutely wonderful aesthetic experience
Leo: nice
Leo: i guess i'm gonna see it too once it's in the torrent shop :D
Henry: yeah :D
Summary: Henry and Leo are discussing the great movies that they saw.
Dialogue: Liz: r u home?
Tim: yeah, why?
Liz: I'm in the neighborhood, can I come by?
Tim: sure, come on in.
Liz: be there in 5.
Tim: perfect :)
Summary: Liz will come by Tim's place in 5 minutes as she's in the neighborhood.
Dialogue: Carlos: Hey! How was your trip to Croatia?
Carlos: Jenny and I are also thinking about going there next summer.
Carlos: That's why I'm asking.
Jillian: Hi!
Jillian: It was great, really!
Jillian: We were in Dubrovnik and stayed 4 days there.
Jillian: Dubrovnik was fine, but way too pricy for us.
Carlos: How much did you pay for food and hotel?
Jillian: Oh, we did not stay at a hotel. We chose Airbnb.
Jillian: And we paid like 30$ for a night, so the price was fine.
Jillian: But the bottom price for a dinner was like 25$... :\
Jillian: Ice cream - 5$ a scoop.
Carlos: Gosh! It's beyond my means...
Jillian: Go to Split then! It's even nicer and much cheaper than Dubrovnik. :)
Carlos: The cheaper the better!
Jillian: It will be perfect for you, I promise. :)
Carlos: Okay, Jillian! Thanks for the recommendation!
Jillian: yw :)
Summary: Jillian enjoyed their trip to Dubrovnik in Croatia though it was pricey. Carlos and Jenny are thinking about going there next summer but they will go to Split as it's cheaper.
Dialogue: Catherine: Hi, did you have a good weekend?
Jane: So so - nothing exciting. How's work?
Catherine: Got some news for you.
Jane: Go on. Tell!
Catherine: Denise is leaving!
Jane: How did you find out?
Catherine: I saw her on Friday. She was quite excited about it.
Jane: Bet she was! Has she got another job?
Catherine: Yes, it's 5 mins walk from where she lives. 
Catherine: She said the money wasn't great, but if you deduct the money she pays on the train, she will be better off.
Jane: Makes sense
Catherine: Yes, happy for her, but will miss her.
Jane: Yes, me too!
Catherine: She is a good little worker.
Jane: Yes and she is friendly too
Catherine: That's true!
Jane: Most of the others are miserable, they never smile
Catherine: Or even get to work on time!
Jane: when does she finish?
Catherine: The end of December
Jane: Well at least we will see her for a few more weeks.
Catherine: Yes, see you tonight!
Summary: Denise got a new job close to where she lives. Catherine and Jane are happy for her but would miss her. Denise is leaving the end of December. Catherine will see Jane tonight.
Dialogue: Billie: have you heard the new song of Michael Jackson?
Jean: new song of Michael Jackson? 
Jean: man, he's dead 
Billie: I know 
Billie: but they are still making money with his songs and release new ones 
Jean: I think it's not real Michael 
Jean: he had to do everything perfectly 
Billie: yeah I know there new songs are completely different 
Summary: Michael Jackson's new songs may not be really his.
Dialogue: Rene: so, I thought they were gonna lose the game
Luisa: yes, they got me worried!
Luisa: but they showed some character in the end
Rene: yeah, a draw is not that bad
Rene: shame it took so long to score
Luisa: mhm they were pretty poor in the final third today
Luisa: but the fought till the end and deserved something from the game
Rene: agree! they're fighters, no doubt about it
Summary: The team that Luisa and Rene were rooting for won.
Dialogue: Dan: late breakfast tomorrow?
Patrick: sounds good
Patrick: I'll just have to check with M
Dan: let me know :)
Patrick: 11ish?
Dan: 12ish?
Patrick: haha ok
Summary: Dan and Patrick will have a late breakfast tomorrow at around 12. 
Dialogue: Hunter: Can we talk about this sponsorship deal?
Mary: Sure, having second thoughts?
Hunter: It's just that big celeb sponsorships and endorsements are so ten years ago.
Mary: And?
Hunter: Today its about influencers and going viral.
Mary: Okay, I'm listening.
Hunter: I just think we should get into that. Forget these big name endorsements.
Mary: I'm glad you brought this up now. We were just about to put out contracts.
Hunter: Let's discuss the budget and investigate new ways of getting the brand out there.
Mary: I'm open to that.
Hunter: We can check with our agency to see if they can recommend a path.
Mary: Good idea. Meanwhile, I'll do some research of my own.
Hunter: I was just reading about nanoinfluencers, people with small followings. Get enough of those and you are off to the races. KWIM?
Mary: I think so. That's an interesting hypothesis.
Hunter: I'm intrigued by how this can affect our brand.
Mary: We definitely need a younger audience. This could be the way to get it.
Hunter: That or a startup.
Mary: Oh, scary! Now you're talking crazy! LOL!
Hunter: Maybe I'm not. 
Mary: Let's explore it, couldn't hurt.
Hunter: Exactly.
Summary: Hunter and Mary discuss how to promote their brand. They decided to refuse the sponsorship deal and investigate the possibilities with influencers, younger audience or a startup.
Dialogue: Maria: When is Branwell coming?
Ann: tomorrow!
Emily: Finally!
Maria: We should make a welcome party for him
Elisabeth: yes, in the garden!
Maria: Ann and Emily, could you take care of food?
Ann: Sure, Emily will bake a cake
Emily: With pleasure!
Elisabeth: I'll prepare the garden, some Chinese lantern and candles
Ann: It'll be beautiful!
Maria: I will bring him from the railway station and contact his friends.
Maria: he's not expecting anything. I'm sure!
Ann: Ok, so let's keep it secret then
Maria: Perfect!
Summary: Elisabeth will prepare the garden, Ann and Emily will make food and Maria will bring Barnwell from the railway station for his surprise welcome party.
Dialogue: Polly: Are you coming to our gig tonight?
Jen: Where is it?
Polly: At the New Orleans Tavern.
Jen: That's the one by the habour, right?
Polly: Yes.
Polly: Starts at 8pm but probably best if you get there a bit before.
Jen: How much at the door?
Polly: 15 quid.
Jen: Whoa! That's expensive!
Polly: I can put your name on the guest list if you want.
Jen: That would be great. :-)
Polly: Done. Your name is on the door.
Jen: Can you do a plus one? My friend Sam would love to come along.
Polly: I'll have to check what the limits are on the door.
Polly: Just checked. It should be fine.
Polly: I put both your names on the door.
Jen: I love you! Thanks for that! xoxo
Polly: No need to thank me. It'll be great to catch up again.
Jen: Sure would. xox
Summary: Polly is playing a gig tonight at the New Orleans Tavern at 8pm. The ticket is 15 quid, but she put Jen's and Sam's name on the guest list.
Dialogue: Mike: that was classic guys!
Jay: two goals in final minute. whoa!
Steffen: what are u2 talking?
Jay: get lost if u not a hockey fan
Mike: J right. you shouldn't even ask
Summary: Mike and Jay enjoyed their team scoring two goals in final minute. Steffen is not a hockey fan.
Dialogue: Jana: <file_photo> 
Jana: haha
Uncle Jake: Your mom is having fun there! 
Auntie Josie: Wow she's looks glamorous 
Summary: Jana's mother looks glamorous.
Dialogue: James: I'm at the cinema
James: Where are you guys?
Peter: Oh shit!! I forgot!!!
Adrian: LOL
Summary: James is at the cinema.
Dialogue: Peter: Never been a fan of skating
Peter: But I'm watching winter Olympics
Peter: and I'm looking at all those chicks who move like cats
Kevin: I've always loved watching women ice skating
Kevin: They usually have fantastic choreography and it's really fun to watch
Peter: Yeah. The best part is that my girlfriend likes to watch it too.
Peter: So I legally watch other chicks moving sexy on ice, with no risk of getting busted by her :D
Kevin: Hahaha. Nicely played :D
Peter: I still don't know how to talk her into watching porn together
Kevin: I assume you will do your best :D
Peter: ofc i will
Peter: I like challanges ;D
Peter: That's why I'm with her in the first place xD
Kevin: Hahaha. You're horrible :D
Peter: Nah. I'm not. xD
Summary: Peter and his girlfriend enjoy watching ice skating. He would like to watch porn with her. Kevin also likes watching ice skating. 
Dialogue: Vic: What RPGs have u played?
Natty: Not many. I played Mines of Mars.
Vic: Never heard of that one.
Natty: Oh, u basically run around a mine and dig stuff out. Sometimes u have to fight monsters, but that's rare.
Vic: So, something like Prince of Persia?
Natty: Basically.
Summary: Natty used to play a RPG called Mines of Mars. It is similar to Prince of Persia.
Dialogue: Ava: at what hour do you plan to go home?
Millie: right after work
Millie: around 6PM
Ava: good, I forgot my keys again
Ava: let me know when you'll be close
Millie: will do
Summary: Millie is coming home from work around 6 pm. Ava will be waiting for her because she has lost her keys.
Dialogue: Toby: I worry about you.
Phoebe: Why?
Toby: Being alone so much.
Phoebe: I have a very easy life!
Toby: I know, but I still worry!
Phoebe: I have friends, neighbors, work. I'm not lonely.
Toby: That's good to hear!
Phoebe: Besides, we were raised not to get bored!
Toby: That's true!
Phoebe: Try not to worry!
Toby: Love you, sis!
Phoebe: Love you too!
Toby: Back to work I go!
Phoebe: Me too...almost done though!
Summary: Toby is worried about his sister Phoebe. She's alone but doesn't feel lonely, with her friends, neighbours and work. 
Dialogue: Omar: do you need any work done this week?
Jenny: yes I could do with a hand in the kennels
Omar: great I'll come over in a hour or so then, do you need anything?
Jenny: Yes bring your toolbox I need that sink pipe undoing 
Omar: ok see you soon
Summary: Omar will come over in an hour to help with the kennels. Jenny wants Omar to bring his toolbox. 
Dialogue: Audrina: What's up
Selena: I got drunk last night
Audrina: Hahaha so did I
Summary: Selena and Audrina got drunk last night.
Dialogue: John: Hey
John: what are you doing? 
Karissa: Watching the millionaires 
Karissa: what art you my love
John: Watching Price is right 
Karissa: Anything interesting happenin? 
John: Nope
John: Wanna head off to mc Donalds? 
Karissa: After the show
Karissa: Sure 
John: I will pick u up then 
Karissa: K 
John: Im cravin for a Big Mac combo
John: Havent eaten since breakfast
Karissa: Poor u 
Karissa: I wanna pick up some notes from Lauren 
John: Where does she live? 
Karissa: On clearance ave
John: we can stop by her place then 
Karissa: I just wanna pick up some notes
Karissa: I will wait here then! 
John: 💑
Summary: Karissa is watching the Millionaires and John is watching Prince is right. After the show, John will pick her up and they will go to McDonald's. John hasn't eaten since breakfast and he will have a Big Mac combo. On their way, Karissa will pick up some notes from Lauren. 
Dialogue: Tom: I've heard that there's going to be displayed a new musical with Frank Sinatra songs. Do you want to come with me?
Sandra: I'm sorry, but my schedule is full. I've got to work
Sandra: I have so many assignments that I barely have some time for myself
Tom: Won't you have just one free evening?
Sandra: I'll check and let you know, ok?
Tom: sure thing
Summary: Sandra is very busy at work, but she will check her schedule and let Tom know if she can go to the new musical with him.
Dialogue: Chris: <file_photo>
Jason: Lovely weather
Beatriz: Really? Here in Cambridge it's raining cats and dogs :-(
Beatriz: <file_photo>
Jason: Not in London
Chris: I'm taking my dogs for a walk.
Jason: Enjoy!
Beatriz: I'm in the library...
Jason: Oh no! Even on Saturday?
Beatriz: PhD life...
Jason: :-(
Beatriz: Ahhhh it's not that bad :-)
Jason: Have a lovely weekend both of you!
Beatriz: Thanks, you too!
Summary: Beatriz is in Cambridge and it's raining heavily there. She's in the library studying for her PhD. In Chris' place the weather is lovely. 
Dialogue: Henry: Can you tell me from which pages are we writing this test on friday?
Daniel: Sure thing, it's from 28 to 34
Henry: Really, there is a lot of info
Daniel: Easy... only from phrase spots on page 28,31 and 34
Henry: Uff... that's better, thanks.
Daniel: No problem
Summary: Henry and Daniel will write a test from pages 28-34 on Friday.
Dialogue: John: Mary, where r u?
Mary: I'm home now
John: What took you so long?
Mary: Shopping :)
Summary: Mary has now returned home from shopping.
Dialogue: Serge: it was great to meet Anna last night
Harry: i know, is't she awesome?
Serge: she is, thanks for introducing us
Harry: she's also really smart, you should know that
Serge: and extremely good looking, lol (✿◠‿◠)
Harry: she's almost too good to be true
Harry: i wonder why she doesn't have a boyfriend ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Harry: i think she's very focused on her studies
Serge: i want to ask her out, should i?
Harry: why not? What's the worst that could happen?
Serge: that she says no 
Serge: and then I'll feel like the biggest loser in the world
Harry: lol don't worry about it
Harry: you're a loser already lol :-D
Serge: NOT TRUE lol
Serge: i think i'll ask her
Harry: do it! 
Serge: should I text her or call her?
Harry: text her, calling her could be awkward
Serge: you're right
Harry: I'm a smart man lol
Serge: not compared to Anna lol
Harry: hey, maybe you could introduce me to one of her friends if you go out?
Serge: sure
Serge: we can even make it a double date
Summary: Serge enjoyed meeting Anna last night and he will text her to ask her out. If it works out, he will introduce Harry to one of her friends and they can go for a double date.
Dialogue: Alex: They closed King street, can you call dispatch?
Penny: Sure. How long is it closed for?
Alex: No idea. TFN really with these winds. Something fell in the road.
Penny: Oh wow!
Alex: Yeah, anyway, we need to let trucks know to go around.
Penny: Okay, I'll call now.
Alex: Thanks! I'll update you when I have more info.
Penny: Okay!
Summary: King Street is closed. Something fell on the road. Penny will let the trucks know to go around.
Dialogue: Peter: Should we meet at Boston Common?
Charles: No, I prefer in Cambridge and go together to the city
Mark: So at Queen's Head at 7?
Charles: yup!
Peter: ok
Summary: Peter, Charles and Mark will meet at Queen's Head at 7 before they will go to the city.
Dialogue: Danielle: i need some shoes but i'm also trying to save money
Danielle: any recommendations?
Emma: get your shoes online :-D they are ALWAYS cheaper.
Danielle: without trying them on? that's weird
Emma: you can always send them back if they don't fit
Summary: Danielle needs to buy shoes but doesn't want to spend a lot. She might buy them online. 
Dialogue: Carla: Joanna here are my details that you requested
Carla: It's Anglo street, no 54, Hammersmith, W614, London
Joanna: Ok Carla
Joanna: I have been searching our database this morning for the item 
Joanna: However nothing has arrived yet
Joanna: Can you give me a couple of more days and I'll speak to my manager?
Carla: Ok, I'll wait
Carla: It's a very important package, so I hope you will be able to find it..
Joanna: Yes I have added it to our priority list
Joanna: Don't worry, I'll do my best
Carla: Thank you
Carla: I was given another code, do you want this?
Joanna: Yes please
Carla: IYREBH777
Joanna: Great
Joanna: I'll get back to you asap!
Carla: Thanks again Joanna
Summary: Carla is waiting for an important package. Joanna helps Carla locate it. Carla provided Joanna her address information and a code.
Dialogue: Jake: SpaceX just launched another rocket.
Jake: I'm really curious if they will manage to launch people to Mars as they announced
Max: I doubt it
Max: Decision making leaders are too far engaged in waging war here on Earth
Max: If they just focus on science and space exploration instead, there could be a chance
Max: But in this situation
Max: It's highly doubtful
Jake: I can't wait to see first men on Mars
Jake: And even more I can't wait when they launch James-Webb Telescope
Jake: They need to replace broken Hubble Telescope
Max: Yup. Hubble is broken now, so I think they are really need to hurry up.
Jake: Imagine what photos of the universe this new technology will make!
Jake: What new things we can learn about space
Jake: I'm thrilled to bits when I think about it!
Max: Yeah. This seems great!
Max: I really love the idea that we will live in times of such great discoveries.
Jake:  I hope humanity will understand that it's far more important than political confilcts.
Max: Maybe when our generation will gain power and priorities will change
Max: I'm looking forward.
Jake: I hope it happends sooner than later,
Jake: <file_other>
Jake: Meanwhile in Ukraine :/
Max: Ehh....
Max: Seems like we will have to wait few more years,
Jake: Shit happens :/
Summary: Jake and Max hope that their generation will focus more on the research in space rather than on wars on Earth and political conflicts.
Dialogue: Vivian: hello guys
Vivian: it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you that Christmas is coming
Vivian: as we all know, it's the time when people are generally more kind and generous to one another
Vivian: I thought that we could try to do something good for some homeless people
George: Are you thinking about fund-raising?
Vivian: not exactly. I was thinking more like collecting items like blankets, warm clothes, toiletries and other basic necessities
George: That's better, people would rather give some things away than donating money
Ruth: That's true, people tend to be prejudiced against fund-raising, and so am I
Ruth: But I've got many redundant things in the attic, mostly clothes
Vivian: that's exactly the point, Ruth. and your example perfectly reflects my intentions
George: Actually, I can check in my attic too. I guess my mum's put something in there
Jack: My attic is a real 'blanket paradise'
Jack: I've always wondered why my parents put all those blankets there, some were even hardly used...
Vivian: you see? each of us is able to help.
Vivian: there're so many things that we consider useless but which may actually improve some people's lives
George: All right! Let's help the homeless then :)
Ruth: I'll try to convince some more people
Vivian: Terrific :)
Summary: Vivian wants to collect various items for homeless people before Christmas. Ruth, George and Jack will contribute with whatever they find relevant. Ruth will convince some more people. 
Dialogue: Charles: Good morning 
Maurice: Good morning
Charles: What time are you coming to the office?
Maurice: Around 10.
Charles: There is a customer coming at 9.30
Charles: And I cannot get there before 11.
Maurice: Maybe I can come at 9:45 but not earlier
Maurice: Contact Ben, maybe he can attend the customer
Summary: Charles and Maurice are not able to meet with the customer coming at 9.30. Maurice tells Charles to ask Ben about his availability.
Dialogue: Sam: i can't believe i ran into sally last night at that bar
John: i know
John: was it weird?
Sam: incredibly weird
Sam: after all we dated for a long time and things didn't end well
John: both of you were very civil though
John: i could see you were chatting and laughing
Sam: we were a little tipsy so it was easier to socialize
John: lol that always happens
Sam: i actually asked her if she wanted to go out for a drink tonight
John: REALLY?!?!?!!?
John: i'm surprised
John: you said you would never talk to her in your life
Sam: well... something happened last night, she's like a new person
Sam: getting ready for our date
Sam: text you later to know how it went
John: good luck!
Summary: Sam came across Sally at the bar last night. She's his ex-girlfriend. John is surprised that they're going out for a drink tonight.
Dialogue: Graham: u coming?? i'm waiting!
Dylan: coming coming, 2 min
Dylan: im in the elevator
Graham: ok 
Summary: Dylan is in the elevator. Graham will be there in 2 minutes. 
Dialogue: Lizzy: LETSS GO
Will: OK IM COMING 5 mins 
Lizzy: we will be so late because of you
Will: 5min won't matter it will be perfectly fine ok?
Lizzy: no longer we have to go 
Summary: Lizzy is worried they will be late because she has to wait for Will for 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Maddie: Hello! How are you and the family?
Jess: Good! Ollie is in nursery every morning, he loves it! Russell is ok too.
Maddie: Do you want me to babysit at all, I'm home for the holidays, need a bit of money!
Jess: Yes, that would be great, to be honest we were actually looking for a bit more than a babysitter! I have just got a job for 3 mornings a week, so I need someone to take Ollie to nursery, pick him up and look after him for an hour on those days, you interested?
Maddie: Well, I'd love to, he's such a cutie, but I go back at the end of September to Uni.
Jess: Oh, of course, could you just do it for the rest of this term, then, 2 months or so, I think? I can sort out a childminder or something for afterwards. 
Maddie: That would be great, we could offer you £60 for about 6 hours work, would that be ok?
Jess: Yes, that's great, I could even pick up a couple of shifts of bar work or something on the weekends as well.
Maddie: Well, that's sorted then! How about you come round tonight to see Ollie again, I'm sure he'll remember you from Eastertime.
Jess: Lovely! What sort of time?
Maddie: Oh, about 4.30 would be great.
Jess: Can we make it 5.30? I've got something on.
Maddie: No problem, see you then!
Summary: Maddie wants to babysit Jess's children during the holidays. Jess thinks it's a great idea, and offered Maddie £60 for 6 hours of work. Maddie will babysit Ollie tonight at 5.30pm.
Dialogue: Mike: morning
Mike: the meeting is at 10 am, so dont be late
Harvey: ok, thanks for the update
Summary: Mike reminds Harvey the meeting's at 10 am.
Dialogue: Danielle: Yes, yes it does :) I'm thinking of going tomorrow to get started on Christmas shopping.
Ted: Oh cool im going home tomorrow having been in Berlin for theres
Ted: How was your birthday?
Danielle: You didn't tell me you were going to Berlin - how's that?
Danielle: Part I was lovely - I went with a friend to see the Swan Lake ballet and tomorrow is Part II (where I celebrate it with my family)
Ted: It's been pretty good, mate offered me someone else's ticket and I managed to earn a couple extra days holiday
Danielle: Well I'm glad you got the time to relax :)
Ted: Any plans for tomorrow or just spending time with your family?
Danielle: Christmas shopping with a friend tomorrow, hopefully get some work done and then spending time with the family
Ted: Sounds lovely :) Well your birthday and Xmas presents are in the posrt and it's not glitter paper this year
Ted: Anyway I need to be unusually early tomorrow so I'll love you and leave you wishing you a very happy birthday and just in case a merry Christmas and a wonderful new year
Danielle: Thanks Ted :)
Danielle: I need to hit the hay myself - I'm exhausted!
Summary: To celebrate her birthday, Danielle went to see the Swan Lake with her friend Tomorrow there is a family celebration. She is also doing her Christmas shopping tomorrow and working. Ted got a few days off and is going to Berlin tomorrow. He has sent a gift for Danielle via post.
Dialogue: Suki: Hi Uncle Rob, U OK?
Rob: Hi love, everything ok?
Suki: Yeah, just wondered if you could pick up some hot sauce for me to have on my pizza, Gran hasn't got any😁
Rob: Course, I'll just add it to the list(!)
Suki: See you soon Unc!
Summary: Rob will pick up hot sauce for Suki to have on her pizza.
Dialogue: Regan: Since when do you know Ethan?
Otto: I have been with him for 4 years
Regan: How did you two met? :0
Otto: He approached me 
Regan: How :/
Otto: He took my number from my sister
Regan: Cool :/
Otto: Why are you asking about him?
Regan: He is the CR of the class
Otto: So?
Regan: I just wanted to know
Otto: Oh, ok
Regan: I dont like his siter
Otto: You should talk to her, She is  nice girl
Regan: Maybe I should give it a shot
Otto: Hmm
Regan: Can you bring your notes along tomorrow?
Otto: Guess I would have to 
Regan: :/
Summary: Otto has been with Ethan for 4 years. Ethan took Otto's phone number from his sister. Otto will bring his notes tomorrow.
Dialogue: Everett: have you see tristan lately?
Emily: i haven't
Everett: i wonder what he's been up to
Emily: i hear he has a new job that has been keeping him crazy busy
Everett: we should go out with him soon
Emily: yeah he's a nice fun guy, let's get in touch with him
Everett: i lost his number though
Emily: don't worry, i'll set something up
Summary: Everett and Emily want to get in touch with Tristan, who's been lately very busy in his new job. Emily will contact him because Everett doesn't have his number.
Dialogue: Romeo: You are on my ‘People you may know’ list.
Greta: Ah, maybe it is because of the changed number of somebody’s?
Greta: I don’t know you?
Romeo: This might be the beginning of a beautiful relationship
Romeo: How about adding me on your friend list and talk a bit?
Greta: No.
Romeo: Okay I see.
Summary: Romeo is trying to get Greta to add him to her friend list but she refuses.
Dialogue: Jackson: I like that duo with sixtynine and nicki
Kaleigh: They're great together eh? 
Kala: Yeah I love FEFE
Kala: They're matching! 
Jackson: Their video is great too
Kaleigh: I wonder if they're going to make another clip together
Kaleigh: They great
Kala: I wonder if they're coming to Calgary for a concert
Jackson: That would be hard
Jackson: But we'll see 
Kaleigh: I just
Kaleigh: Adore them 
Kala: K Kaleigh we understand
Summary: Jackson, Kaleigh and Kala are fond of sixtynine and nicki duo and their mutual clip.
Dialogue: Nate: <file_photo>
Julia: wow it's so cute!
Frank: What breed is it?
Nate: it's a pomeranian, Kate just brought him home
Nate: it pees everywhere 
Summary: Kate brought a pomeranian dog home. It pees everywhere.
Dialogue: Abigail: In my opinion only a house with a pet can be called home 
Abigail: <file_photo>
Amelia: Cats rule the internet, cats rule their owners, cats rule the world
Amelia: I think if there is an animal that came from space, it was a cat
Abigail: <file_gif>
Amelia: Yes. Exactly. Cat in a rocket.
Amelia: <file_photo>
Amelia: As you can see. My cat absolutely does not give a fuck
Abigail: Hahaha. And not a single fuck was given that day :D
Amelia: Get off 9gag Abigail. 
Abigail: Shit :) You got me 
Summary: Abigail reckons there is no home without a pet. Amelia and Abigail are both cat lovers.
Dialogue: Emily: Do you have plans for the long weekend?
Gavin: why?
Emily: We thought it would be nice to take a boat trip in Croatia or Greece
Gavin: aren't these expensive?
Emily: if you have a group of 8 or 10 and you go by car it's not that bad
Gavin: how much are we talkinh about?
Emily: a thousand euros? something like that
Gavin: per person?
Gavin: how many nights?
Emily: per person
Emily: 7 nights
Gavin: How many people declared already?
Emily: 6
Emily: Sam and Anna, Meg and Bill and us
Gavin: couples, couples everywhere
Gavin: where do you get the yacht from
Emily: Oh come on we're not that bad :)
Gavin: joking :)
Emily: there this website <file_other>
Emily: The catamaran looks fantastic
Gavin: Holy shit! That looks amazing!! :)
Summary: Emily plans a boat trip in Croatia or Greece. It will cost around 1000 euros for 7 nights per person. 6 people declared that they will go.
Dialogue: Kelly: Hi, cherie, you ok?
Crista: Salut, mon amie! Are you baking something special?
Kelly: Erm yeah, I'm making Rocky Road bars, so just melting and stirring involved!
Crista: Nice and easy! No gâteau Saint Honoré? LOL
Kelly: I don't know what that is, but it sounds like something from Bake Off! What you doing?
Crista: Just a cake my grandmother taught me to make, très simple, with cherries and almonds.
Kelly: I bet it will be lush! You want to sort out the teas and coffees?
Crista: OK, don't mind. I'll use petite cash, shall I ?
Kelly: LOL! Petty cash ☺ Thanks chick, that's great! See you at work!
Crista: OK, see you!
Summary: Kelly is making Rocky Road. Crista is making a cake as well. Crista will sort out the teas and coffees.
