Dialogue: Emma: YOUR TURN TO MAKE DINNER
Eva: oh no.. 
Emma: hahaha 
Summary: It's Eva's turn to make dinner.
Dialogue: Randal: Now another customer is looking at me funny. I think she's giggling at me.
Sidney: Don't mind her.
Randal: I don't know which one it is. 
Sidney: Show me.
Randal: <file_photo>
Sidney: Top shelf, 3rd from the left.
Summary: Another customer is looking at Randal in a funny way.
Dialogue: Lilly: Did you do this music assignment for tomorrow?
Dilly: No, I didn't.
Lilly: I didn't  either. What d'we do?
Dilly: Skip school?
Lilly: Brilliant!
Summary: Lilly and Dilly haven't done the music assignment for tomorrow. They will skip school.
Dialogue: Ian: Have you thought about the long weekend yet?
Clarisse: not really. i was busy all day
Ian: we'd need to book tonite or 2moro
Clarisse: can we talk 2nite then?
Ian: ok, i'll send you some links
Clarisse: luv, i'm kind of busy now sorry
Ian: ok, tlak to you then 
Clarisse: yeah, take care
Summary: Clarisse wants to discuss the long weekend plans with Ian tonight.
Dialogue: Sebastian: Hi, how are you?
Betty: Hi, I'm fine, thanks for asking. How are you?
Sebastian: I'm fine too… It's been a long time 
Betty: Yeah, quite a long time
Sebastian: You stopped talking to me 
Betty: Well, I wasn't sure if you want to talk to me anymore
Sebastian: Why so?
Betty: I don't know, I had such a feeling
Sebastian: After our last conversation?
Betty: Exactly.
Sebastian: Well… You know I was only supposed to come for three days
Betty: I know, but it seemed like we won't meet up again, like never…
Sebastian: But you know, if we're supposed to meet one day, we'll meet
Betty: Yeah and exactly that sounds like "one day = never"
Sebastian: One day you also gave me an answer like that…
Betty: So now we're 1:1 :P
Sebastian: But you're happy about that?
Betty: Well… not really? But if it's like this…
Sebastian: Uh… see, I'm coming to Paris next week, would you like to meet? It'll be nice to see you again
Betty: When exactly?
Sebastian: Monday till Thursday. 
Betty: So what about Tuesday? I have the whole afternoon free
Sebastian: Perfect! I'm really glad :)
Betty: Me too.. Nice that we'll see each other again
Summary: Sebastian and Betty haven't talked for a long time. Betty thought Sebastian doesn't want to talk to her anymore. Sebastian's coming to Paris next week. They decided to meet on Tuesday.
Dialogue: Nina: Did you get paid this month?
Tara: I think so.
Tara: Haven't checked the bank TBH.
Nina: Can you pls?
Tara: OK. Give me 15 min.
Nina: No worries.
Tara: Checked and this month's pay has gone through.
Nina: Mine hasn't.
Nina: That's why I was asking.
Tara: :-( That sucks!
Tara: Specially with it being a weekend and all that.
Nina: Yep. Exactly.
Tara: Since my one went through it is probably just your bank being slack.
Nina: Yeah prolly.
Nina: Have to get onto them first thing Monday morning.
Tara: Then straight onto HR to make sure they didn't fuck shit up again.
Nina: Happy Happy! Joy! Joy!
Nina: Yet more shit to deal with.
Nina: As though the list wasn't long enough already.
Tara: Hope they sort it out for you on Monday. It sucks being without money.
Summary: Tara's salary for this month has enterd in her bank account while Nina's still hasn't. Nina's going to ask her bank about the transfer on Monday morning.
Dialogue: Judith: Have you seen the new schedule?
Marco: Yeah
Leo: My shifts are horrible
Leo: They gave me only night shifts this month
Marco: Mine are good
Marco: 7am-3pm 4 days a week
Judith: I have to travel 2nd-5th March
Judith: Can someone change with me?
Leo: If you want to take night shifts
Judith: I don't care
Judith: Could you change with me?
Leo: No problem
Judith: Thanks
Leo: We need to let them know 
Summary: Judith, Marco and Leo received new shifts schedule. Judith is travelling from March 2nd to March 5th. She will change shifts with Leo.
Dialogue: Rick: One girl asked my number just now
Morty: Seriously? o_O
Rick: Yea you know im handsome😀😀
Morty: You moron !!!!!
Morty: Just be careful what if she need your kidney or heart?
Rick: ....do you really think so?
Morty: Isn't it suspicious? 
Morty: Somebody like you might have looked an easy target oOoOoO
Rick: You are making me scared!!!!!°o°
Morty: Was she pretty? 
Morty: Or did she have some kinda wierd accents?
Morty: Maybe she is korean-chinese involved with kinda Mafia●～*●～*
Rick: I'd better not to contact her then
Morty: Your organs are more important than suspicious girl on the road, right?
Summary: A girl asked Rick for his number. Morty is worried that she has some bad intentions.
Dialogue: Larisa: Where are all the spoons?
Hubert: I’m sorry I tend to keep them in my room, I’ll wash them all when I come back
Larisa: Chad, it can’t be like this all the time. We’re both renting rooms in this flat, you need to remember you’re not alone here
Hubert: Trust me, I know that
Larisa: Well you don’t behave like you do
Hubert: Comon, I just forget about some things sometimes, you need to remind me about them.
Larisa: I’m not your mum to remind you about cleaning or taking out the trash
Hubert: Ehhh okay, I’ll take care of those things, I promise
Larisa: I hope so. We need to cooperate so that we don’t destroy each other’s lives.
Hubert: Sure thing, this is how it is
Larisa: There are things I’m not going to accept
Hubert: Okay, okayyy, got it
Larisa: So today I’m waiting for the spoons and vacuuming the hall.
Hubert: You know what? You DO behave like my mum
Summary: Larisa and Hubert are sharing a flat. Hubert took all the spoons. Larisa wants him to wash the spoons and to give themn back and to vacuum the hall.
Dialogue: Bradley: It's very safe. Not like they make it look on TV
Julianna: Hehe I told them that also that tv will never show anything nice
Bradley: True...
Julianna: But in general I think Europe is safer because here we have different law. I mean we have too much law
Bradley: Haha
Julianna: E.g here if a teacher even touches a children's arm, he or she can have problems with police and law. Because it might be a sign of pedophilia or children sexual harassment
Bradley: Ok
Julianna: That's sick a bit hehe but on the other hand sometimes it's ok
Bradley: Haha ok how ?
Julianna: Because there are pedophiles in that world
Bradley: They are everywhere
Julianna: And when someone hits a child that person should be punished
Summary: Julianna tells Bradley about Europe's law and the approach towards pedophiles.
Dialogue: Carol: hey, my sister is in town, would you like to meet her?
Regina: i'd love to! you talk about her all the time
Carol: she's the best
Regina: tell me when and where and i'll be there
Carol: that french restaurant on chapel street in half an hour
Regina: ok, see you there!!!
Summary: Regina will meet Carol's sister at French restaurant on Chapel street in half an hour.
Dialogue: Doylan: Idk when to go home
Doylan: I don't know if I should go out Friday or Saturday 
Beau: Hmm that is actually
Beau: A tough decision to make
Doylan: U think going home on Friday and
Doylan: Coming back on Saturday for partying would be the best
Beau: Idk bro
Beau: But it sounds reasonable hahaha
Doylan: XD
Summary: Doylan is wondering when he should party, and when to go home. He considers going home on Friday and partying on Saturday.
Dialogue: Liam: what about the plates?
Sean: what plates?
Liam: there are hundreds of plastic plates left
Theresa: Gil bought them
Gil: yes, sorry, I forgot
Gil: but I don't need them
Liam: so maybe I'll offer them to the owner of the place
Gil: do it!
Summary: Gil bought a lot of plastic plates but he doesn't need them. He'll offer them to the place's owner.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi Lucas, thank you for filling out the expression of interest form for our project. We have reviewed your application, and you have been selected to take part in this project.
Daniel: You will have 500 images and you will need to describe/talk to them accordingly on an online recording app in Polish.
Daniel: Complete the recordings on an Android phone/tablet. You can also use Windows PC/laptop or Macbook, but you will have to use an external microphone to record. Android devices are the best choice to complete this task.
Lucas: Hi Daniel, thank you for your message. Unfortunately, I won't be able to complete the task till 10th of May because from today till 15th of May I will be out of home with limited access to the internet. 
Lucas: Is there a possibility of taking part in the project on the 16th of May?
Daniel: Thank you for contacting us and we are sorry for the delay in getting back to you. We can extend the deadline until midnight 17th May, CET. I hope this will help you complete the task.
Lucas: Thank you very much.
Daniel: You’re welcome. Good luck!
Summary: Lucas has been selected to take part in a project. He'll have to describe 500 images on an online recording app in Polish. It is best that he uses an Android device. Lucas is away from today till 15th May. His deadline has been extended until midnight 17th May, CET.
Dialogue: Paul: can we meet at 4 today and not 3 ?
Copper: yeah its no problem 
Paul: awesome. thanks 
Summary: Copper and Paul were supposed to meet today at 3, but they will meet at 4.
Dialogue: Tara: Girls, odd question... has anyone ever got their hair done in Moscow?
Laila: No just nails which I used the salon in the crowne plaza and they did hair there too
Tara: thanks lovely, I'll take a look
Monica: Yeah I did my brows too Tara and it was really nice place
Patti: Hello girls, I did manicure and pedicure in the crowne plaza in Moscow and I was very happy
Tara: thanks ladies, I'll definitely pop in there and see them :)
Patti: it lasted for so long and it was good quality and the same price I normally pay in London so I definitely recommend that beauty salon!
Monica: yeah quality is great. they always ask my back home which brand I use when I go for a follow up. They can't sometimes remove it with acetone only <file_gif>
Patti: I did my hair in Athens though and I loved it, found a cute little place not far from the hotel, they spoke English and wasn't too expensive
Tara: ohh show us
Patti: <file_photo> I don't know if you can really tell in this light but I did highlights too
Monica: WOW!!! you look great! soooo pretty
Tara: <file_gif> really great look for you! so radiant :)
Laila: the highlights are really lovely! love it! :)
Summary: Laila, Monica and Patti were in a beauty salon in the crowne plaza in Moscow. They recommend this place. Patti did hair in Athens.
Dialogue: Adam: got two tickets to Jason Derulo, wanna join?
Karen: NICE!
Karen: <file_gif>
Karen: when?
Adam: this fri
Karen: ohh no I can't
Karen: <file_gif>
Adam: <file_gif>
Karen: It's my mums birthday
Adam: I see
Summary: Karen can't go with Adam to Jason Derulo's concert this Friday, as it's her mother's birthday.
Dialogue: Bill: Where should we go next? After NYC nothing seems too exciting, right?
Donald: Maybe Asia? Doha, Tokyo, Hong Kong
Lily: or even India
Bill: I'm afraid of India
Lily: because you're so organised and India is such a mess 
Bill: maybe
Lily: but exactly for this reason I find it so fascinating
Donald: haha, why? you'd like to see Bill destroyed by the chaos of India?
Lily: no, it's just so different than all European paradigms
Lily: like order, planing, hierarchies
Lily: you know - monotheistic religions with one god on the top, the faith in progress, the blocks of NYC, "Ordnung".
Lily: India seems so different, with the chaos of Hinduism, polytheism, holy cows in the streets etc
Bill: but I think the order is there, just different, with different principles 
Lily: and exactly this is fascinating
Donald: but it seems like a plan for a great Indian journey
Donald: and we travel cities! that's the principle of our group 
Summary: Bill, Donald and Lily are wondering which place they should visit next. Lily and Donald would like to go to India. Bill isn't fond of this idea.
Dialogue: Dharma: Please can you come in?
Joy: In a bit; I have a client to tend to.
Dharma: Oh, I didn't realize. Carry on.
Summary: Dharma wants Joy to come in, but she didn't know Joy has got a client.
Dialogue: Rory: you won't believe
Rory: I've just walked past by our favourite bookshop
Eleanor: yeah and what?
Rory: they've got discount on all Agatha Christie;s books
Rory: <file_photo>
Eleanor: OMG, I need to go there!
Summary: Rory and Eleanor’s favourite bookshop offers a discount on Agatha Christie’s books.
Dialogue: Sam: I am completely baffled by recent events
Pam: What do you mean, Sammo?
Sam: I feel totaly distressed by the wave of populism and sharpened language used by politicians. They only tend to put fire under subjects such as immigration and other stigmatized and attacked groups, and not real problems. Nobody cares about the economy or human rights
Pam: Yeah, I think there are more unconsious people nowadays because of tabloidisation of the whole media world. We read short-themed news, that are so well prepared to cause different type of strong emotions. 
Sam: Hm, I really see no solution to that. I am afraid, that the fake news industry is only set to gain meaning in the today’s world of internet. It would be really hard to prosecute for spreading falsehood, before it really gets a bigger meaning and recognition.
Pam: Yes, it would be impossible. Under current circumstances less and less people read longer forms, such as books, reports or reportages. Everything has to be black or white, there is no such thing as a well driven polite debate about facts anymore. We only see insults, made up numbers and stats to prove an opinion. 
Sam: I could not have said it better… 
Summary: There is no solution to populism, tabloidisation and fake news industry. People don't read longer messages, they don't focus on facts and they can be easily manipulated.
Dialogue: Nathalie: Hey love, any plans for your birthday?
Kate: It's today isn't it?
Patricia: Yes it is :)
Kate: Happy birthday sweetie!!! <3 All the best!!!
Patricia: Thank you :)
Kate: So any special plans?
Nathalie: Maybe we could go out for drinks? ;)
Patricia: I wanted to invite you all for a drink, but on Saturday. Today we're going out with Mike
Kate: Where to? Anything special?
Patricia: I think so, he invited me to a dark restaurant - Dine in the Dark
Nathalie: Cool! Is it that thing when you eat and you don't see what you're eating?
Patricia: Exactly, I'm quite excited!
Summary: Today is Patricia's birthday. Kate wishes her a happy birthday. Patricia and Mike are going to Dine in the Dark restaurant today. Patricia, Kate and Nathalie will have a drink on Saturday.
Dialogue: Evie: Did you get a bonus this year?
Harry: Yes, just a few hundred. You?
Evie: Nothing! I'm not sure I'm the only one or not!
Harry: Can you ask around? Carefully?
Evie: Will try!
Summary: Harry got a bonus this year but Evie didn't get one.
Dialogue: Kate: I just saw Blood Diamond!! o.O
Mary: Great movie, right?
Kate: Yeah, but the story is just horrible, I had no idea!
Mary: Well, yeah...
Mary: Makes you reevaluate your need for jewelry
Kate: People are so greedy, I hate it!
Mary: Here's a nice article about this, I think you'll like it.
Mary: <file_other>
Kate: Thank you.
Summary: Kate has just seen the film 'Blood Diamond'.
Dialogue: Michael: <file_photo>
Michael: Have you done this yet?
Camille: No, not yet, I’m stuck at 34. Still ;/
Carl: I did, catch
Carl: <file_photo>
Michael: Thanks man!
Carl: 34 isn’t difficult either, x is 5
Camille: Thank you Mike <3
Summary: Carl sends Michael and Camille the results of the exercises.
Dialogue: Peter: Should we meet at Boston Common?
Charles: No, I prefer in Cambridge and go together to the city
Mark: So at Queen's Head at 7?
Charles: yup!
Peter: ok
Summary: Peter, Charles and Mark will meet at Queen's Head at 7 before they will go to the city.
Dialogue: Janice: Hey, what are your plans for Christmas?
Di: Hey! isn't it a bit early for Christmas plans?
Janice: Haha apparently not! Mom texted wanting to know how we're gonna do it this year
Di: So what did you tell her?
Janice: Nothing yet. Were hoping just to follow what you do
Di: Sneaky lol
Janice: Right? Si what do you say? Is Michael gonna be in?
Di: Yea, I believe so. He should be around from the 22nd onwards
Janice: Oh great!
Di: Ok, let me ask him what he wants to do
Janice: Ok
Di: He says lunch at Dad's on 25th and will talk to Mom if she prefers 24th or 26th
Janice: Ok. great, thanks. I mean I really would love to go to Mom because I love hanging out there but we did get to Dad's really late on Thanksgiving so I guess that's only fair
Di: I think so. I better start working on gifts lol
Janice: Don't forget we have to make a movie lol
Di: Yeah we're definitely not doing that. I bailed at the beginning :D There's no way Michael would do that
Janice: Haha, I know. But I guess we gotta think of something!
Di: Good luck! 
Janice: Thanks! Def could use it! why can't we just do gift cards?
Summary: Janice, Di and Mike will have lunch with their father on 25th. Their mom will decide if she wants to meet on 24th or 26th. Janice wants to spend more time with her mother, but they need to make up with the father for Thanksgiving. She, Di and Mike will not make a movie as a present. 
Dialogue: Norma: have u seen my tattoo?
Marston: you got one cool show me
Norma: <file_photo>
Royce: oh lovely what does it say?
Norma: its a Japanese way of wishing good luck
Marston: you sure?
Norma: I sure hope so
Marston: anyways its really sweet esp the Bird
Norma: yeah i like it too really
Summary: Norma has a new Japanese tattoo. Both Marston and Royce like it.
Dialogue: Ursula: Craig, come down and let me in will you, this bloody key doesn't work!
Craig: Oh sorry, I bet I accidentally locked it when I saw to the pizza delivery earlier.
Ursula: Well, hurry up, cos I'm bloody freezing out here!
Craig: Coming now!
Summary: Ursula is unable to open the door, because the key doesn't work. Craig will come down and help her.
Dialogue: James: hi guys, have you ever tired Tasty recipes?
Eve: Hi! I did, but only sweets
James: are there any good?
Eve: hm, I made a cheesecake and it turned out ok
Mark: don't make it! awfully sweet, you'll get diabetes just from one bite :/
Summary: Eve has tried Tasty recipes. She made cheesecake and it was ok. Mark thinks it's awfully sweet. 
Dialogue: Tracy: Hi, is everything ok?
Joe: Yep, we've just landed, there was a slight delay
Barbara: Just turned our phones back on :)
Tracy: Ok :) Let me know when you get to the city center :)
Summary: Joe and Barbara have just landed.
Dialogue: Willow: heyyyyyy
Hannah: heyyyy whats uppp
Willow: do you want to go to opener this June?
Hannah: hell to the yess 
Willow: then I think we should get tickets 
Hannah: ohh yeah thats a good idea 
Willow: should one of us get them and the other can just pay the other person 
Hannah: yeah that works with me
Willow: ok I can get them I have the page open 
Hannah: how much are they?
Willow: 200 for the full weekend 3-6
Hannah: ok my bank account will hate me but its fine haha 
Willow: im excitedddd the 1975 are going 
Hannah: no really?? I LOVE THEM 
Willow: me tooo thats my main reason for wanting to go hahaha
Hannah: ok im more excited more hahaah
Willow: right?? haha
Hannah: is anyone else going to come?
Willow: I was thinking about inviting max...
Hannah: wait really??
Willow: yeah what do u think?
Hannah: gurl do it hahaha fucking do it haha
Willow: I have to think haha it may be to much aha
Hannah: not at all I say do it do it 
Willow: XD XD 
Summary: Willow will buy the tickets for Opener festival for her and Hannah. She will pay her back later. The 1975 are going to play. Willow wants to invite Max.
Dialogue: Holly: babe i’m gonna be late tonight. can you do some stuff around the house?
Ben: oh you mean like laundry, dishes, vacuuming? I’ve already done that ;)
Holly: and dusting, cleaning the kitchen, painting the walls..
Ben: you are so funny! Seriously stop it! 
Holly: you know i love you?
Ben: i know :) i love you too.
Summary: Holly is going to be late tonight.
Dialogue: Oscar: Abs you ok, girl?
Abi: Hi Oscar, you ARE coming on Friday night, aren't you? 
Oscar: Course! Mr Reliable, that's me. Listen, got a mate who fancies himself as the next Russell Howard, could you reserve a spot for him at Open Mic?
Abi: Maybe, he any good?
Oscar: Funny as fuck! Has all of us in stitches most of the time, give him a go, name's Ben.
Abi: OK, but you better not be late again for your shift! I will not tell you again, mind! See you Friday.
Summary: Oscar will bring Ben on Friday night. Abi will reserve a spot for him at Open Mic, but she told Oscar to not be late for his shift.
Dialogue: Alfie: hey I've almost forgotten
Alfie: that mum has birthday this weekend!!!
Mia: that's true
Mia: <file_photo>
Alfie: I have no idea what to give her :P
Mia: I was thinking about some nice SPA treatment
Mia: so together we could take more expensive one :D
Alfie: phew, it sounds like a perfect idea!
Alfie: just let me know how much I owe you
Mia: <file_gif>
Summary: Alfie and Mia's mother has birthday this week. They will buy her a SPA treatment.
Dialogue: Bart: i finally bought the right door for my civic
Jacob: in colour? 
Bart: yeah, black ones so i don't have to paint them
Jacob: nice, are you going to fix it yourself?
Bart: no lol, i would probably end up breaking it even more than it already was haha
Jacob: <file_gif>
Bart: hahahah that's exactly how it would look like
Jacob: probably should take it to a mechanic then
Bart: yeah i will
Summary: Bart bough new door for his civic. He's going to ask a mechanic to fix it.
Dialogue: Pat: Jack, are you there?
Drew: Nope, he's Jack-ing off. :P
Jack: Screw you... or rather Drew you! :P
Pat: Lol! Jack, do you have the original Diablo box and manual from 1996?
Jack: Sure, why?
Pat: My nephew is doing this project for high school, you know, the evolution of  computer games since the late 1980s. He'd like to make some photos and/or photocopies.
Jack: Ok, no problem.
Drew: I see you're slowly but steadily turning your nephew in a video game nerd like the three of us. :P
Pat: Yeah, you know, my brother-in-law is all about sports and outdoor activities, so someone has to teach young Chris some gaming basics.
Jack: So that he may get fat and ugly like his uncle instead of fit and handsome like his dad?
Pat: At least he won't be a 40 year old virgin like his uncle's bald friend. :P
Jack: Remember you need my Diablo stuff...!
Pat: Ok, sorry!
Drew: Shit, are we ever gonna grow up?
Summary: Jack has the original Diablo box and manual from 1996 which he will lend to Pat for his nephew who needs it for school project about the evolution of computer games since the late 1980s.
Dialogue: John: I'm starving. What's for dinner?
Jane: Whatever you cook :-)
John: Damn! I best get some take-aways.
Summary: John will get a take-away.
Dialogue: Laura: Would you send me the file you have with the keywords please?
Filomena: Hey yes sure
Filomena: Here it is
Filomena: <file_other>
Laura: Thanks!
Summary: Filomena sent Laura the file with the keywords.
Dialogue: Kevin: How is the journey going?
Brian: not bad, we've just landed in Bangkok
Melissa: What time is it there?
Kevin: 7am
Melissa: 7pm here
Kevin: wow, 12h of difference
Melissa: haha, funny, right?
Kevin: are you going to stay in Bangkok?
Brian: for a few days then we will head to the countryside
Kevin: Send some pics
Melissa: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Kevin: how nice! summer! I envy you so much
Melissa: I could have come with us
Kevin: you know I couldn't take such a long leave
Summary: Melissa and Brian have just arrived in Bangkok. It's 7 pm there. They'll stay in Bangkok for a few days and then travel to the countryside. Melissa sent some pictures to Kevin. He couldn't go with them.
Dialogue: Mohamed: hey do you know where the mosque is around the campus
Ismail: yeah its behind the old cafeteria
Mohamed: oh that, yeahh
Mohamed: thanks
Ismail: (Y)
Summary: The mosque is behind the old cafeteria.
Dialogue: Cristofer: hey babe ;) sup?
Ellen: hi, I'm fine, you?
Cristofer: good but how bout u show me some pics of urself to make me feel even better, beautiful ;)
Ellen: wth?? I didn't know you were such a creep....... please leave me alone
Cristofer: wait, it was a joke
Cristofer: I'm sorry uhhh let's forget about it ok?? ahaha
Summary: Cristofer wanted Ellen to send him her photos. Ellen doesn't want to talk to him. 
Dialogue: Willow: have you fed Fluffy before you left to work?
Dylan: of course I have
Dylan: why do you keep asking this
Willow: I'm just worried, you tend to forget about this :P
Dylan: She's pretty fat, nothing bad would happen :P
Summary: Dylan had fed Fluffy before he left for work.
Dialogue: Norma: Hiya, how've you been?
Helena: Good, thanks. Uni same as last year, with a tad less partying!
Norma: God, yeah, I remember it well! Too knackered at the mo.to do much now!
Helena: The world of full-time work treating you well, Love?!
Norma: Well, yeah, the money's a lot better than being a student, I must admit, but I'm studying for my accountancy exams too at home. 
Helena: Eek! I'm not looking forward to all that malarkey!
Norma: You sorted out a job yet? 
Helena: No, still doing the Milk Round, got a few nibbles though!
Norma: Good luck, we may be working together one day. Of course, I'll be your boss, though!
Helena: Big head! Anyway, we must make plans for Christmas!
Norma: Love to, keep in touch.
Helena: You too! Byeee!
Summary: Norma works full-time, earns good money and prepares for her accountancy exams at home. Helena is still busy doing the Milk Round and suggests to make plans for Christmas.
Dialogue: Julia: How was your birthday?
Mark: Hi! It was great, thanks. :D
Julia: Did you receive anything?
Mark: Yeah, many presents like: tickets to the cinema, sweets, perfume, cash and free beer in the evening. :D
Julia: Haha! Of course! Did you drink like a lot?
Mark: You don't want to know the answer. :D
Summary: Julia wants to find out about Mark's birthday. Marks really liked it and got many presents and had a lot to drink.
Dialogue: Mom: When are you home?? 
Jason: I am still at Dylans
Mom: What are you doing there? 
Jason: Were finishing a round of Black Ops
Mom: Come home after that
Mom: I cooked you some dinner
Jason: I ll be home in an hour 
Jason: ok? 
Mom: Dad is kinda angry
Mom: So asap 
Jason: okay 
Jason: I will try finish this round as soon as possible
Mom: K dad is saying that you have to come home now
Jason: Omg mom 
Jason: Okay Im heading off right now
Mom: Good
Jason: What did you cook? 
Mom: Pasta and spinach 
Jason: Urgh okay well 
Jason: Be right there
Summary: Jason will get home asap as his dad is angry. Mom cooked pasta with spinach.
Dialogue: Phoebe: I had a terrible day. Anyone up for some cheerful movie today?
Jennifer: There is Despicable Me in Helios at 8.
Phoebe: Sounds lovely, thank you, hon.
Patrick: Sorry, ladies, no can do today. But, Phoebs, I’m sending you a virtual hug
Patrick: <file_gif>
Phoebe: Thank you, sir <3 Next time! Jen, let’s meet at the entrance at 7.45, OK?
Jennifer: Sure, see you then.
Summary: Phoebe had a terrible day. She will meet at 7:45 with Jennifer to watch Despicable Me in Helios. Patrick can't go.
Dialogue: Tom: Where are you?
John: in front of the building, smoking
Tom: right!
Maria: I'm with John, we'll be back in 5 min
Tom: ok
Summary: John and Maria are in front of the buliding smoking. They will get back in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Natalie: hi guys! We're preparing the party
Jeremy: great! will be fun!
Natalie: what do you want to drink?
Jeremy: whiskey?
Natalie: lol, are you Blake Carrington?
Jeremy: So you ask me what I want to drink, but then you say I can only drink beer?
Jeremy: quite a LOL
Natalie: ok, let it be whiskey, but I assume not everybody wants whiskey
Peter: I can drink beer or wine
Peter: I don't mind
Anne: I'll bring some vodka
Marzena: I'll bring some cherry liqueur made by my grandmother from Lublin
Anne: wow, sounds interesting!
Natalie: great!
Summary: Natalie is preparing the party. Jeremy wants to drink whiskey. Peter can drink beer or wine. Anne will bring some vodka. Marzena will bring some cherry liqueur made by her grandmother from Lublin.
Dialogue: Edgar: Anything else I have to take along?
Vic: Not that I can think of.
Edgar: Only now that I notice there's no torchlight on your list. Won't we need it?
Vic: I'm an idiot! Certainly we'll need torchlight!
Edgar: I've got a nice lightweight penlight. I'll take it with me.
Vic: No good as it's handheld. Nor are smartphones. But I've got a couple of headlamps. They're perfect.
Edgar: You fix them to a hat or what?
Vic: They are on a rubber band that you put around your head and the lamp itself sits on your forehead. Hands free!
Edgar: Clever!
Vic: I'll lend you one. So we're done I think.
Edgar: Very well then. CU tomorrow!
Vic: CU
Summary: Vic and Edgar need a torchlight. Vic will take his two headlamps for himself and Edgar.
Dialogue: Mary: hi
Morrie: hello
Mary: i have a problem
Morrie: what's happened?
Mary: my period is not regular last time
Mary: and when it comes it's terrible
Morrie: have you told about it to your doc?
Mary: not yet
Morrie: why?
Mary: im afraid she will tell my mom im not a virgin any more
Morrie: she doesnt know?
Mary: of course no!
Morrie: dont worry, yiur doc cant tell her
Summary: Mary's problem is that her period has been irregular lately. Mary hasn't told about that to a doctor yet as she's afraid that the doctor'll tell Mary's mother that she's been deflowered.
Dialogue: Scott: Are you ready?
Gary: For?
Eric: For the party!
Gary: Not yet, I need 2 hours to do my hair and one hour for the make-up
Eric: 😂😂😂
Scott: What do you think?
Scott: <photo_file> this one?
Scott: <photo_file> or this one?
Eric: White shirt is better!
Gary: 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Gary: The blue one is also good
Gary: Let's party babes!!!
Gary: Uhuuuuu!!! 
Summary: Scott, Gary and Eric are going to the party. They advise Scott what to wear.
Dialogue: Layla: Have you heard about the smart dress experiment?
Savannah: No, what's that?
Layla: There was an experiment that meant to show, how often women are groped at clubs. A group of scientists created a dress with built-in sensors that registered every touch. Then 3 women were asked to wear this dress to the club and it revealed that they all were groped about 150 times in less than 4 or 5 hours! 
Savannah: :(((
Savannah: That's so depressing.
Savannah: I mean the results, not the experiment.
Layla: I agree :/ But I think that the experiment itself was really well thought out and it gave people (men, especially) a lot of food for thought.
Layla: Oh, I haven't told you this - several men were shown the footage from the experiment and they were outraged.
Savannah: Frankly speaking, I'm not sure whether experiments like this really raise awareness of sexual harassment women deal with on a daily basis.
Savannah: Do you remember this project from the previous year? The one about catcalling?
Layla: Not really. Can you send me a link or something?
Savannah: <file_other>
Savannah: Everyone considered it to be sooo eye-opening, but nothing has changed. NOTHING.
Savannah: I just feel like everyone knows about all this bullshit we deal with, but nobody cares.
Savannah: I don't know a single women, who has never been sexually harassed. It's not a secret that we're fucked.
Savannah: Sorry, for the explicit language, this is just a touchy issue for me.
Layla: It's ok, I feel you. ;)
Layla: Maybe you're right? I don't know... :(
Summary: There was an experiment that meant to show how often women are groped in public. Savannah does not believe that such experiments raise awareness of sexual harassment.  
Dialogue: George: have you seen this?
George: <file_video>
Matthew: is it my sister?
Matthew: what is she doing?
Matthew: i have to talk to her
Summary: Matthew recognizes his sister on the video sent by George.
Dialogue: Toby: Maria, are you moving away?
Maria: yes, my parents decided to move next month
Ellen: wow, already? Have you found a new place?
Maria: seems so
Jeff: in Louisiana?
Maria: LoL, I wish it was Louisiana
Jeff: what?
Maria: Toby didn't tell you?
Toby: I didn't know if you want me to tell anybody
Maria: oh, crap
Maria: My parents decided to move to Costa Rica as soon as my father retires
Jeff: oh no, that's crazy
Maria: I think so too
Summary: Maria's parents decided to move next month. They want to move to Costa Rica as soon as Maria's father retires. 
Dialogue: Audrey: I saw you guys on the street
Henry: We didn't see you
Ernest: Why didn't you talk to us?
Audrey: I was in the bus 
Summary: Audrey saw Henry and Ernest from a bus.
Dialogue: Lucy: I talked about her english and preparation for the class
Lucy: and she brought some more workbooks
Lucy: It is nice if you can buy the books
Violet: Can you maybe borrow the books from her and make some copies? (^_-)-☆
Violet: I’m glad she’s nice! She seems like a pretty well-prepared tutor which is always important :）
Lucy: I cannot unfortunately. ^_^;
Lucy: she has other classes and she brings the stuff to other classes as well. so that's why I took pics. I also want to make it copied.^_^;
Lucy: I can send you the pics I took during the class.
Violet: It would be awesome and thank you so much!😃😃😃😃
Lucy: np. :）
Summary: Lucy will send Violet pictures of copies that she took during the class.
Dialogue: Jake: So I'm leaving an hour earlier today.
Renee: Why?
Jake: Dana made an appointment for me on my lunch with a customer. Wasn't that nice?
Renee: Is she bringing you lunch at least?
Jake: No leaving early is fine though.
Renee: Won't you be starving?
Jake: Probably but I can live off my fat!
Renee: LOL!
Summary: Jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat.
Dialogue: Bill: Have you seen this?
Bill: <flie_photo>
George: ahahahahah
Ron: I've seen it, it's ridiculous!
Tom: the worst designed building in Europe arguably! 
Summary: Bill has shown George, Ron and Tom a picture of a badly designed building from Europe.
Dialogue: Jacob: Rob, did I leave my badge on the desk?
Robert: Yup man.
Jacob: How stupid!
Robert: I can take it for you and leave at Ann's
Jacob: That would be great! Very nice of you! Thanks!
Robert: No problem!
Summary: Jacob left his badge on the desk. Jacob will take it for him and leave at Ann's.
Dialogue: Casey: Is she wearing the same clothes as yesterday?
Emma: Who?
Casey: Dale. Look at her. And look at her eyes. 
Emma: Oh yeah. Seems so.
Casey: Do you think she got some last night? ;)
Emma: But from who?
Casey: I dunno.
Emma: And I have an idea. ;)
Casey: Who? Spill it!
Emma: Look at Will. He's got black rings around his eyes ;)
Casey: Oh yeah! Do you think the 2 of them?
Emma: Must be!
Summary: Dale is wearing the same clothes as yesterday. Will has black rings around his eyes. Emma and Casey think Dale and will may have spent the night together.
Dialogue: Denise: I love my husband so much! x
Anna: What did you do Tom? ironing, cooking cleaning?
Lauren: drinking again?
Denise: damn Tom! left my phone with him while i had a bath grrr!
Lauren: hahaha! we should have known!
Summary: Tom texted Anna and Lauren from Denise's phone while she was taking a bath.
Dialogue: Laura: Pete, I need your help.
Pete: what's up?
Laura: My tatoo is really aching :-( I don't think it's normal after two weeks to suffer this much.
Pete: It might be an infection of some sort. Drop by after work?
Laura: That would be perfect. Thanks a lot, Pete.
Pete: No problem, see you soon!
Laura: :-)
Pete: And don't scratch the bloody thing.
Summary: Laura's tattoo hurts. It's 2 weeks old. Pete will visit her after work. 
Dialogue: Reese: hey I found another course, it's a bit cheaper and close to my office
Reese: take a look
Reese: <file_other>
Stella: I heard about it... it has good reviews
Alison: is it only Mondays and Thursdays?
Reese: no, it's almost every day, we could choose
Summary: Reese found a cheaper course which is close to her office.
Dialogue: Lidia: Hi Aron, we are on our way to the hotel, please send someone in 15-20 minutes to a conference room? Many thanks, Lidia
Aron: <file_other>
Lidia: Hello Aron, do we know thing about the SPA, sorry for pushing, the car is waiting for us, so if we don't know, shall we let him go?
Aron: discount only 50% that we could give
Aron: For daily entrance
Lidia: How much would it be?
Aron: <file_other>
Lidia: Ok, many thanks for a good intention, we wouldn't bother you longer though, next time :)
Lidia: See you tmr
Summary:  Lidia wants Aron to send someone to the conference room in 15-20 minutes. Aron can offer 50% discount for daily entrance to the SPA.
Dialogue: Kelly: can you open the window
Kelly: i cant breath
Kelly: and i smell Ms.Lebnitz
Kim: ok
Kim: but she will say that its too cold
Kelly: i dont care
Kelly: she should wear less clothes
Kim: do you REALLY want it?
Kelly: no xd lol
Summary: Kim will open the window on Kelly's request. Ms.Lebnitz will say that it's too cold. Kelly doesn't care.
Dialogue: Zayn: hey have u seen my sunglasses
Kane: those fake ray bans? XD XD
Zayn: -_-
Kane: dont get mad at me for your FAKE ray bans
Zayn: have u seen them or not -_-
Kane: no
Zayn: i need them...
Kane: hey roy must have taken em
Zayn: when
Kane: he went to your room to look for you a few hours ago
Zayn: yeah maybe
Kane: ask him
Zayn: okay..
Summary: Zayn lost his sunglasses. There is a chance that Roy took them.
Dialogue: Stanley: I need your help
Harper: What do you mean?
Stanley: I need a task list for tomorrow, I won’t make it. Do you have some time?
Harper: OK, I’ll just tell him I’m on it.
Stanley: No, please not, I don’t want him to know, I will owe you
Harper: Like hell you will, I’m definitely going to use that ;)
Summary: Harper will help Stanley on the task list due tomorrow. He won't tell him.
Dialogue: Brian: John, you there?
John: Yes, Brian. What's up?
Brian: I'd need you here tomorrow.
John: It's my day off!
Brian: I know. That's why I need your help.
John: Meaning you cancel my day off?
Brian: Basically, if you put it like that.
John: I've made plans, you know.
Brian: I'm sure you have.
Brian: But I am at the wall here. Tom just called in sick.
John: Again? Seems the man is about to die or something.
Brian: Still, you are my last chance, John.
John: Isn't it always like that?
Brian: I know it looks like it.
Brian: I've got a deal for you though.
John: What kind of a deal?
Brian: I'll hire a new guy next week.
John: That's reasonable. You gonna let Tom go?
Brian: Not yet. We'll see about it later.
John: So, what's in it for me?
Brian: As soon as the new guy’s in, you will get a week off.
Brian: Sound good?
John: Perfect. I'll be there tomorrow. 6 am sharp:)
Summary: John has to come to work tomorrow. He will come at 6 a.m. Brian canceled John's day off, because Tom called in sick. John will get a week off as soon as Brian will hire a new worker. 
Dialogue: Josh: Our flight is delayed..
Josh: They say that we might have to wait here even up to 5 hours
Tom: oh, really?
Tom: so you won't be here before midnight?
Josh: I don't think so...
Tom: hm.. there are no buses at night, I'm afraid. 
Tom: you will have to get a cab.
Josh: Is it very expensive?
Tom: yeah, quite expensive...
Tom: Actually, I'll call you a cab, once you arrive. 
Tom: This will be a bit cheaper...
Josh: and what about uber?
Tom: uber will be far more expensive, trust me
Josh: ok. I see. Thanks
Tom: no problem. 
Summary: Josh's flight is delayed, so he won't arrive before midnight. Tom will call him a cab once he's landed, which is cheaper than Uber. 
Dialogue: Susan: What time is it where you are?
Sharon: It’s 6 p.m. in Port-au-Prince.
Susan: You still have the whole evening. I’m going to bed.
Sharon: Sleep well!
Summary: Sharon is in Port-au-Prince and it's 6 pm in her time zone. Susan is going to bed.
Dialogue: Holly: are you still at the corner store
Bob: I just left, why?
Holly: we have no ice D:
Bob: oh no lol
Bob: I'll head back
Holly: thank youuuuu
Summary: Holly needs Bob to go back to the corner store to purchase ice.
Dialogue: Amber: Abby? are you okay? any news?
Abigail: Yeah... I don't want to talk about it here
Faith: I think I know what it means
Amber: don't worry honey, you are not alone!
Faith: exactly! let's meet up
Abigail: Thank you :* I need to talk to you
Faith: I know, we are here for you. let's leave it for now
Abigail: Can we meet up tonight?
Amber: Sure. Where?
Abigail: I don't feel like going out :(
Faith: okay we will come to your place. what time?
Abigail: I'm at home, whenever you're ready
Summary: Abigail needs support. Amber and Faith will come to her place.
Dialogue: Tara: Any news on the project?
Sam: no idea
Sam: <file_gif>
Greg: still no news... tried to call Germany but it's too soon
Tara: so what are you doing now?
Greg: like... nothing :D
Greg: I'm soooo boooored... zzz...
Tara: sorry for you
Sam: honestly I don't think we get any news this week... it's thursday
Greg: <file_gif>
Tara: <file_gif>
Sam: yeah... I'm reading third book this week right now
Tara: are we allowed to bring our laptops here?
Sam: no
Tara: really?
Greg: security shit
Greg: you can bring in a kindle or a book
Tara: ok thanks, I'll get something
Greg: just got an email from Carsten, they're not ready :/
Tara: tell us something we dont know...
Sam: not ready today or wont be ready this week?
Greg: hahaha no idea, they wont admit it you know...
Sam: I know
Tara: he just doesnt want to make any promises
Summary: Sam has no news about the project. Greg tried to call Germany, but it appeared to be too soon. Greg, Sam and Tara are very bored, and they cannot bring their laptops.  Greg got an email from Carsten informing that they are not ready. 
Dialogue: Ann: we're in this little village in Umbria
Ann: <file_photo>
Terry: so cute!
Mary: and even some snow!
Ann: yes, but we're cosy here
Mary: sightseeing a lot?
Ann: actually mostly sitting in our little cottage
Ann: cooking pasta and having sex
Terry: very romantic
Mary: so it seems the crises is over
Ann: not really, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day
Mary: how horrible
Ann: I think he's just addicted
Mary: but please, don't try to save him
Ann: I don't, but it's sad to look at it
Terry: I imagine
Ann: so all of this is a bit destructive
Mary: crazy, and he has everything: a beautiful, loving girlfriend, all this fortune, family
Ann: yes, but these things don't make sense
Mary: so true
Summary: Ann and her partner are staying in a cottage in a little village near Umbria, mainly cooking pasta and having sex. Ann's partner is addicted, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day.
Dialogue: Anna Telka: I think Im going to DQ
Anna Novackova: For that cream cone again? 😂
Anna Telka: Yea 😂
Jake: Girl on diet... Xd
Summary: Anna Telka will eat a cream cone at DQ again.
Dialogue: Laura: Do you want to go to the cinema with me?
Steve: Why? Patrick doesn’t want to?
Laura: Didn’t even ask him
Steve: So I’m your option one today? What a miracle!
Laura: What is your problem Steve?
Laura: I thought you liked my company
Laura: I like yours.
Steve: Oh I do like, maybe even too much. That’s my problem. 
Summary: Laura wants to go to the cinema with Steve, not with Patrick. Steve likes Laura very much.
Dialogue: Elijah: hey
Niclause: hey
Elijah: did you receive the invitation letter for tonights dinner party at triza's?
Niclause: oooh, yes i did yesterday 
Niclause: will you go
Elijah: yeah i will
Niclause: see you then
Summary: Both Elijah and Niclause will attend the dinner party at Triza's tonight. 
Dialogue: Andrew: today the usual place?
Travis: I hope so because I have 7 wonders right with me
Andrew: awesome
Patricia: yaaaaay
Travis: I hope to be at the pub as soon as I can, I have one more thing to do
Travis: but I should be there by 6.30
Patricia: I was planning to be at 6.30 anyway :P
Andrew: maaaan
Patricia: Andrew you will come earlier?
Andrew: yeah but don't worry, I'll read a book or something :)
Andrew: srsly no worries
Summary: Travis and Patricia will be in the pub around 6.30. Andrew will come earlier.
Dialogue: Carly: Hi do you know what time  he is coming I've waited in all week please I know this is Davids responsibility but he seems to have left it up to you to sort out.. its not fair on any of us
Don: Still not got hold of them yet I'm really sorry hun they tell me there coming then dont get there im really sorry
Don: they will be up soon to collect the car soon and bring it back to the garage to fix it for you i cant apologise enough
Carly:  its not up to you to apologise for I'm really grateful as other wise I have to go through the solicitors and all I wanted was a little car to get me back and forwards to the hospital for my appointments
Don: well I will make sure you are looked after they will be with you within the hour
Carly: Thank you
Don: There not usually this disorganised
Summary: Carly has waited a week to get her car taken to the garage and fixed. David was being disorganized. Don promises that the car will be collected soon. 
Dialogue: Irena: guys i was expecting more then a blue eye coments 😂 Dont you see the poor man needs an oxygen?
Steven: Yes, true, but, the positioning of your hands in this photo just makes the "blue eyes" comment seem sooooo appropriate :)
Kim: I agree with you 😊
Irena: Steven too easy 😋
Irena: it looks like im holding an invisible beer glass, waithing for Mario to get back at dancing
Steven: Well it certainly does look like you wore him out :)
Summary: Irena has shared a photo with Steven and Kim. Irena's friends commented on the photo with the "blue eyes" comment. The man in the picture with Irena looks tired.
