Dialogue: Xavier: Kelly! hey! hey!
Kelly: what's up??
Xavier: do you have a free evening?
Kelly: yup! are you asking me out?
Xavier: yes! :)
Kelly: ok, what are we doing?
Xavier: let's go to this new small cinema, they are showing some old school films
Kelly: great!
Xavier: I'm excited as well, one has very few occasions to see the films they are screening!
Kelly: want to grab something to eat before?
Xavier: yes, but I have to save some money, how about you come over and we cook together?
Kelly: ok, let me change and I will be there in a sec
Xavier: can't wait :) 
Summary: Xavier wants to take Kelly to the new cinema where some old-school films are shown. They agreed to cook and eat together at Xavier's place before going to the cinema.
Dialogue: Yann: My parents are leaving for 2 days
Janette: Why?
Yann: Going to visit my brother 
Yann: in Montana
Janette: Ohh
Yann: Wanna come over?
Janette: Sure
Janette: :) 
Yann: Are we ordering pizza?
Janette: Sure
Janette: I want pizza hut
Yann: Hawaiian? 
Janette: Yes 
Janette: And small peperonni 
Yann: Okay 
Yann: What movie wanna watch?
Janette: Something funny?
Yann: South Harmon?
Yann: Hehe
Janette: YES
Summary: Yann's parents are going to Montana to visit his brother. Janette will come over for pizza and a movie.
Dialogue: Holly: I was thinking about going to the countryside next weekend
Holly: want to tag along with me?
Skye: do you have any specific plans?
Holly: some friends of mine have a small cabin near a lake not that far from the city
Holly: we could go there
Skye: what's the weather forecast?
Holly: surprisingly warm and sunny for this time of the year
Skye: nice
Skye: a weekend away from the city doesn't sound that bad
Holly: the place is really beautiful
Holly: great forests and an amazing lake
Holly: last time I even saw a deer
Skye: isn't that a bit dangerous?
Skye: those are wild animals after all
Holly: most of the wild animals will run away when they see/hear you
Holly: besides all you can find in the area are some deers, maybe an elk from time to time
Holly: nothing even close to a wolf or a bear
Skye: what are we waiting for then?
Holly: the weekend?
Skye: true :)
Holly: can I presume that you're interested?
Skye: of course :)
Holly: great, I'll call my friends to check if the cabin is available and I'll get back to you
Skye: sweet
Summary: Skye and Holly are interested in going to a cabin in the countryside for the weekend. Holly will enquire with her friends who own it if it is available. 
Dialogue: Agatha: they mentioned that they parents are going to buy an apartmanet for them
Casper: that's cool, it will be easier with everything for them if they get their own space
Agatha: yes, but ssshh don't telly anyone because it's not official yet :D
Casper: of course
Agatha: we should definitely meet when you visit again :)
Casper: i don't know when the next time will be, you know i don't visit very often
Agatha: <file_gif>
Casper: hahaha, don't worry i will definitely make some time to meet you when I come next
Summary: Agatha remarks that they mentioned that they parents are going to buy an apartment for for them. Casper thinks it will be better for them. He promises to meet Agatha the next time he visits.
Dialogue: Mark: Hey honey... i have reached LA.
Amy: hey honey thats great... hopefully you flight was good. Have you reached hotel.
Mark: Flight was awesome had a beautiful girl next to me.... havent reached hotel yet on way.
Amy: What the f..k, i just simply hate you stay there with her dont come back.
Mark: 😃 someone is getting jealous. Just kidding babes. Had a man next to me.
Amy: whatever anyways you know i dont like this kind of jokes. Come back soon babes. Tc and enjoy your trip. Sleep well and eat well.
Mark: yeah sure babes would tc and eat n sleep well. You too tc. Would be back day after tomorrow. 
Amy: ok honey off too bed now you tc love you lots miss you lots babes 😙😙😙😙😙😙🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗.
Mark: sure honey. Love you lots too missing you like anything darling....😙😙😙😙😙😙🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Summary: Mark travelled to LA by plane. He was sitting next to a man. Amy and mark love and miss each other.
Dialogue: Barack: are you gonna be home for christmas?
Lenny: hey :) visiting my family for boxing day but other than that, ye
Barack: great, i am taking the whole week off - till new years
Lenny: so you will be in Cracow for christmas?
Barack: yeah, we should hang out
Lenny: most definitely :D you should come to my place, i bought a playstation 4
Barack: tempting :D do you have the new fifa?
Lenny: is that a question?
Barack: ok you've convinced me ;D
Lenny: call me closer to christmas so we can set up a precise time and date
Barack: yeah cool
Summary: Lenny invites Barack to come to his place in Cracow during Christmas. They can play FIFA on the Playstation 4 Lenny bought. 
Dialogue: Aggie: wanna come with me to a caligraphy course
Lisa: not really no
Aggie: oh come on
Lisa: doesn't really appeal to me 
Aggie: please just come one time
Lisa: you really need to start doing things on your won
Aggie: I know 
Aggie: But I'm not going to change overnight
Aggie: so you might as well come
Lisa: lol
Lisa: you are impossible
Aggie: so will you come
Lisa: fine
Lisa: when? where?
Aggie: Tuesday at the rec centre
Lisa: at what time?
Aggie: 8pm
Lisa: ok see ya there
Aggie: great see ya
Summary: Aggie invited Lisa to join her on a calligraphy course but Lisa wasn't really interested. Eventually, she agreed to be there on Tuesday at 8 pm.
Dialogue: Betsy: Hi :-)
Liz: Hi
Betsy: Have a look
Betsy: <file_photo>
Betsy: Do you like it?
Liz: Nice. Do you want to buy it for yourself?
Betsy: I was thinking about you :-)
Liz: How sweet of you :-)
Betsy: So? Will it be a good birthday present?
Liz: Excellent! Thank you!
Betsy: You'll thank me when you get it :-p
Liz: :-D
Summary: Betsy wants to buy a birthday present for Liz.
Dialogue: Ethan: Hey Sis! How's life? Did u start thinking 'bout Xmas gifts?
Abigail: Hey Bro! No, damn I didn't have time! But I got some ideas when I was home last weekend XD
Ethan: That's great, because I'm having a really hard time to find somthing out XD
Abigail: Did you hear that uncle Steve is going to spend Christmas Eve with us?
Ethan: Srsly? Uncle Stevie? This is going to be a lot of fun then! :D
Abigail: Precisely! But anyway, I was thinking to buy mum new Kindle? Her old one is nearly ruined!
Ethan: Yeah, that's sounds like a good idea! And we could also buy some e-books as well
Abigail: She said to me last time that she was still missing this one book by Val McDermid
Ethan: Do you remember the title?
Abigail: Uhm..let me think…"Killing the Shadows" I believe
Ethan: Okie dokie, I'll look for it. What about dad? 
Abigail: What about this bird-watching set? He has been preoccupied with watching animals recently XD
Ethan: Haha, that is a funny idea! Where did you see such set?
Abigail: In Craig's Shop as far as I remember, let mi find this picture I took
Ethan: In Craig's Shop? Srsly? XD
Abigail: <file_photo>
Ethan: Looks really professional to me! :D
Abigail: Right?! I know! :)
Ethan: So now we have left uncle Stevie and granny Meg
Abigail: I happen to know that Granny is missing some nice new bag for carrying all the stuff she always carries
Ethan: Yeah, I remember the last time she brought IKEA bag with her XD
Abigail: I'll will take a look at the bags then :)
Ethan: So uncle Stevie - what do you think? We don't know him that well
Abigail: You're right, we don't know him, so we could use some universal type of gift
Ethan: The only universal type of gift I have in mind is book again. I think he likes poetry
Abigail: We'll need to ask mum then
Ethan: Yeah, let's do this. Oops, I gotta go now! Stay in touch Sis!
Abigail: Ok, CU soon :D
Summary: Ethan and Abigail are going to buy presents for their family. Uncle Steve is going to spend Christmas with them.
Dialogue: Justin: look, why dont you let me take you out for lunch today
Cecilia: haha, i know you justin
Justin: im for real, im not kidding around
Cecilia: if youre not, then im down for it
Justin: cool, ill pick you up at noon
Cecilia: sure, noon is fine
Justin: alright.
Summary: Justin will pick Cecilia up at noon today and they will go for lunch.
Dialogue: Isla: <file_other>
Isla: I want to order this calendar :)
Nora: Oooo, looks nice
Isla: Maybe you also want sth from this shop?
Isla: I could order everything together and then give it to you at school
Nora: Makes sense
Emmeline: I'll check what they have
Isla: :)
Emmeline: Hmm, I want calendar and pen
Isla: Which pen?
Emmeline: This one
Emmeline: <file_other>
Emmeline: Pink with flowers
Isla: Ok :)
Nora: I'll check it later
Nora: And if there's sth I'll let you know
Isla: Okkk
Nora: When do you want to order it?
Isla: Next week?
Nora: Ok :)
Summary: Isla, Emmeline and maybe Nora are going to place an order together next week. Isla will order a calendar and Emmeline will order a calendar and a pink pen with flowers.
Dialogue: Tom: are you coming here? I am waiting for like 30 minutes already
Stacy: yes we are, i had to wait for Jill as usual
Jill: this is SO NOT TRUE
Tom: are you both walking together and still texting me separately?
Jill: yeah lol
Stacy: yeah, so what?
Summary: Tom's been waiting for Stacy and Jill.
Dialogue: Kyle: duuude the match was DOPPEE!!!
Jack: the test match?
Kyle: yeaahhhh
Jack: are you high? xD
Kyle: dude nobody saw that coming
Jack: Pakistan did turn it around
Kyle: everybody how error prone newzealand's bowling line is
Jack: nobody expected southee to bowl that bad
Kyle: everybody has his day
Jack: sure wasnt ours
Kyle: sure was hafeez's xD
Jack: yeah hes good tho
Kyle: he is actually
Jack: i like his batting style
Summary: Pakistan won a cricket match against New Zealand.
Dialogue: Larry: Hey, what did you write for the conclusion of your english essay?
Diana: The one on the Pygmalian?
Larry: yeah
Diana: haven't started it yet.
Larry: ok. what about the hemingway essay?
Diana: er, i think i wrote something along the lines of: "Throughout the book, it can be observed how the lost generation struggles to overcome their experience with the war" 
Diana: then i listed a couple of examples
Diana: and THEN i compared those characters to Robert Cohn
Larry: not bad :)
Diana: then I think i ended it with: 
Diana: "However, in the last few lines of the book, we can see a change in Jake Barnes, the narrator of the book. This is especially noticeable in when Lady Brett says: "... we could have had such a damn good time together." This quote suggests that Lady Brett is still focused on the events of the past, which prevents her from persuing happiness. Jake, on the other hand, replies "Yes, isn't it pretty to think so?" - a quote which suggests that he has accepted his past and is now looking towards the future.
Diana: It still needs a little polishing though :)
Larry: Has anyone ever told you that you're really good at this kind of thing? :)
Diana: I just pay attention and take notes. Sparknotes help ;)
Larry: yeah, i do too - it's just i can't seem write essays that well :(
Diana: Not true! You beat me on the history essay, remember? :)
Larry: thank Diana :)
Diana: Speaking of history, what was the homework? I arrived late and she had already wiped it off the board.
Larry: one sec 
Larry: We could chose between: "Compare and contrast the reasons for, the impact of, and foreign involvement in two of the following: the Russian Civil War, the Spanish Civil War and the Chinese civil war"
Larry: And "To what extent was the League of Nations failure to maintain peace in the inter-war period due to its inherent weaknesses?
Diana: which one are you gonna write about?
Larry: Probably the civil war one 
Diana: good call! We've only just finished covering it in class! :)
Larry: that and I've been watching the avengers civil war recently ;)
Diana: isn't that the one with spidey?
Larry: Yeah, tom holland's great! :D
Diana: i find it funny how they're worried about him revealing spoilers :D
Larry: XD
Summary: Larry and Diana talk about their homework. They have to prepare an English essay on the Pygmalian, an essay about the Hemingway's book and an essay for the history classes. Larry is better at history classes. He will wrote an essay about the civil war, as he has recently watched avengers civil war.
Dialogue: Pam: Sean I need my car back NOW
Sean: mum I will be home in an hour
Pam: are you driving now?
Pam: are texting and driving????
Summary: Sean will be home in an hour.
Dialogue: Louise: I don't feel like running today
Brett: oh that's sth new. anything wrng?
Louise: it's the weather i guess
Brett: i know, pretty gloomy ain't it
Louise: if i don;t go, are you going alone?
Brett: i guess i'm fine with that. don't worry about it
Louise: I'm sorry it's just not my day sorry
Brett: it's ok Louie. i get it
Louise: so let me know how it goes
Brett: you can follow me online you know
Louise: i won;t be at home i guess
Brett: w8 a mo, so your're going out?
Louise: yeah kind of
Brett: i guess i dunno what's your up to. bye 4 now
Summary: Louise isn't going running with Brett today due to bad weather and because she's going out.
Dialogue: Ella: Are you on the bus?
Lisa: Yes missed the first one so on the 49. Will be there in about 10 mins
Ella: ok I'll meet you at the bus stop
Summary: Lisa missed the bus. She will meet with Ella at the bus stop in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Nick: Hi what are you doing?
Bob: I'm watching tv
Bob: Why are you asking?
Nick: I was wondering if you want to play football with me?
Bob: Actually in a half hour I have a date
Nick: A date? With who?
Bob: You know Julia?
Nick: Are you kidding me? Julia?
Bob: No you stupid. Her sister Jenny
Nick: I didn't know that Julia has a sister
Bob: Yes she has a sister and she is actually really pretty
Nick: And where are you having this date?
Bob: I'm taking her to the cinema 
Nick: That's boring, you can't talk there
Bob: I know but I picked a horror
Nick: So what?
Bob: You don't understand nothing...
Bob: Horrors are scary, she will be scared and want to hug me
Nick: You always know how to get the girls...
Bob: Wish me luck
Nick: Yeah I hope you will tell me about it later
Bob: I have to get ready now, see you later
Summary: Bob is going for a date with Julia. They are going to the cinema to watch a horror movie. 
Dialogue: Margaret: Is it raining?
Eve: Just a bit
Margaret: I'll take my umbrella just in case
Summary: It's raining a little, so Margaret will take her umbrella. 
Dialogue: Lily: where are you???
Grace: right in front of you?
Lily: oh
Lily: XD
Summary: Lily wants to know where Grace is. Grace is right in front of Lily.
Dialogue: James: Can you please order a cake for Nina?
Sara: Ok, any preferences?
James: Cake or bakery?
Sara: Both really
James: Hm, it can be quite tricky, Nina has a quite severe irritable bowel syndrome and she's not allowed to eat many things. I think a gluten and lactose free cake would be all right. Also, she shouldn't eat much sugar
Sara: Wow, that's quite a challenge
James: I know, I'm sorry for bothering you like that, but I'm afraid I don't have time to look for it. Claire said you're free this week so I've thought...
Sara: Oh, no no! It's absolutely fine, I have a week off, so I'd gladly do the research for you :)
James: Thank you! You are a true life saviour!
Sara: Could you tell me more about what she likes?
James: What do you mean?
Sara: Well, the girl has an IBS, but it doesn't mean she doesn't have any preferences for flavours ;)
James: Oh, yes, hahaha, sure! She can't eat chocolate, but I know she loves exotic flavours like mango, lime, passion fruit.
Sara: Ok! Do you want to have something written on the cake? Is she interested in something in particular? Like cats, horses, painting?
James: I think she'll be happy with some decorations. She loves flowers and is crazy about fairytales.
Sara: That's really cool! Good theme ;)
Sara: <file_other>
Sara: I found this bakery, but I'm waiting for their response. Their works look brilliant. I keep on searching
James: Really, Sara, thank you so much, Nina will be delighted!
Summary: Sara will buy a cake for Nina. Nina loves exotic flavours. Sara has already contacted the bakery.
Dialogue: Theresa: are you back at the office?
Theresa: connie told me you had a lot of fun at the beach
Nina: we did!
Nina: it's a shame you couldn't come with us :-(
Nina: it was the perfect girls weekend!!
Theresa: what did you do?
Nina: we tanned on the beach and went on excursions
Nina: then at night we'd hit the clubs and meet cute guys
Nina: it was a-ma-zing!!!
Theresa: connie tells me you're planning on going again in 6 months
Nina: yes! and YOU HAVE to come with us
Nina: you're going to love it
Theresa: trust me, i will be going, i don't want to miss it
Nina: yes!!!! :-D
Summary: Nina was at a girls' weekend, they tanned on the beach, went on excursions and to the clubs. They are planning on going again in 6 months. Theresa will go with them.
Dialogue: Harry: Are you ready for the exam?
Jacob: I don't know
Jacob: I've been studying a lot
Jacob: But I'm not sure if I'm ready
Harry: Same here
Harry: Some concepts are very confusing
Jacob: Will it be a multiple choice test?
Jacob: Or an open question essay?
Harry: Professor Jervis said it would be a combination of both
Jacob: Yeah this is what I thought
Jacob: If I know the format of the exam it always affects my learning strategy
Jacob: I mean I study differently when I know I have to write an essay
Jacob: And differently if it's a multiple choice test
Jacob: The essays require much more work
Summary: Jacob and Harry are stressed about the exam. It will be a multiple choice test and an open question essay. Jacob has different learning strategy for each.
Dialogue: Ersin: Do you have any plan on Sunday?
Mea: I need to work a bit, a couple of hours. Ane I'd lkie to meet you, yes :) But I wasn't thinking about anything special yet. 
Ersin: I was buying tickets for Saturday's journey, that's why I asked. I'll be back to town Saturday night. 
Mea: I remeber about the journey. 
Ersin: I asked cos I was thinking of staying for the night in Gdynia and coming back to town Sunday. But I decided it is better to be here. 
Mea: As you prefer :*
Ersin: :* 
Summary: Mea needs to work few hours on Sunday. Ersin is in Gdynia and will be back on Saturday night.
Dialogue: Jessica: My flight is delayed
Peter: Big delay?
Jessica: 1 hour
Martin: Thanks for letting us know
Summary: Jessica's flight is one hour delayed, as she informs Martin and Peter.
Dialogue: Louise: you know, a friend of mine, Ann (that makeup artist) is pregnant!
Louise: I had no idea about it, I thought she never wanted to have children, and suddenly she sends me an invite to her baby shower!
Emma: Wow, thats surprising! Is she going to get married?
Louise: Well, I dont think so. I dont even know who her boyfriend is at the moment. 
Louise: It's strange, she's heavily pregnant and her bf posts pictures from a holiday in Thailand... alone...
Emma: Maybe they aren't together anymore and she has a new bf?
Louise: maybe, I dont really know.
Emma: you'll find everything out at the party.
Louise: I dont fancy going to be honest... She has invited a lot of her girl friends, they have already set up a group on Messenger and I guess there will be many people I dont know...
Louise: I'd rather meet just her, for a coffee or something. Or visit her and the baby after giving birth.
Emma: The party may be nice.
Louise: It may be, but Im not really sure. From that group conversation on msg I can see the girls are getting crazy about the presents, food, decorations...
Louise: to be honest, I dont feel like spending PLN 200 on a party for someone who's nice, but I havent seen for ages and now suddenly she invites me to come. Just for the presents, I think.
Emma: Yeah, maybe you're right
Summary: Louise's friend Ann is pregnant and invited her to a baby shower. Louise doesn't want to go because she hasn't seen Ann for ages. Ann doesn't seem to be getting married.
Dialogue: Maria: Anybody want to go jogging tonight?
Joseph: in the park?
Maria: or along the river, as you prefer
Tony: I'll join you
Maria: great!
Summary: Maria, Joseph and Tony are going jogging tonight.
Dialogue: Ron: Good afternoon, sir.
Calvin: Good afternoon
Ron: I have send you the topic of my thesis.
Calvin: Yes, I saw it
Ron: Do I need to change it?
Calvin: Yes... significantly!
Ron: Oh no..
Calvin: to: "The translation of Kleparski's works from English to English"
Ron: haha, I'm honoured to get this topic
Calvin: I bet you are, by the way, I haven't changed your topic, It's great.
Ron: good to hear, thank you for your time
Calvin: No problem, If you need any help, just ask
Ron: Thank you, Sir
Calvin: Goodbye
Ron: Goodbye, have a good day!
Calvin: You too
Summary: Ron doesn't need to change the topic of his thesis.
Dialogue: Ray: WHERE ARE YOU??
Liam: I'm coming. 
Ray: You said that 15 minutes ago. -_-
Liam: Would you just let me get ready?
Ray: It's just us boys. It's not your wedding.
Liam: You know I get properly dressed whenever I go out.
Ray: Yeah girls do that too.
Liam: Am i supposed to laugh at this?
Ray: You're supposed to get out of your room and come to the gate.
Liam: Okay okay, do not rush me.
Ray: The uber's on it's way.
Liam: You could've atleast let me come to the gate before ordering the uber.
Ray: No we can't wait. We're starving.
Liam: Okay I'm almost there.
Ray: Yeah right. (Hangs up the phone)
Summary: Ray wants Liam to hurry up and join him and their friends. Liam wants to get dressed properly. Ray ordered an uber for Liam.
Dialogue: Reggie: hey I want to buy presents for mum and dad, I'm in the shop now
Harriet: so why are you writing to me?
Reggie: I need hel ofc :D
Harriet: of course
Reggie: what can I buy them?
Harriet: Reggie, pls think of something
Harriet: idk, a book for mum
Harriet: she loves every book
Reggie: I was kinda thinking about perfume
Harriet: hmm…see you have some ideas :P
Reggie: and I was thinking about a new pipe for dad
Harriet: it seems you've got everything covered!
Summary: Reggie is in a shop and wants to buy presents for mum and dad. He's thinking about perfume for mum and a pipe for dad. 
Dialogue: Gloria: Sean I need to take your car, I cannot start mine!
Sean: Did you remember to buy petrol Honey? XD
Gloria: Of course I did! There is something wrong! I
Sean: Ok, drive safe then and be careful
Gloria: I'll do my best, I wouldn't dare to hurt your baby :P
Sean: Thanks a lot Honey! :*
Summary: Gloria needs Sean's car as she cannot start hers. 
Dialogue: Mark: Have you seen the doctor?
Dan: Yes, I was so stressed before the visit
Mark: But there was no reason to freak out
Dan: Rationally thinking there was no reason, but still
Mark: I don't really understand this exaggeration 
Dan: My mother died of it, so when he said there is a hint of suspicion I was petrified
Mark: oh, I see, I had no idea your mother died of it, I am sorry
Dan: I know, I didn't explain
Mark: No, you didn't
Dan: But exactly for this reason - I didn't want to make even bigger drama
Mark: Sure!
Dan: But everything turned out to be fine
Mark: Yes, but all the waiting brought so many bad emotions and memories.
Dan: Now I can imagine!
Mark: Anyway, he told me I should do the examination periodically, because of the history of my family
Dan: Anybody else had this type of cancer in your family?
Mark: The scary thing is, that in my mother's family almost everybody had it
Dan: Damn
Mark: Exactly!
Dan: But if you control it, everything should be fine. Don't worry too much
Mark: I won't, thanks
Dan: ;)
Summary: Dan saw the doctor because he suspected cancer and his mother died of it. He should do regular check-ups.
Dialogue: May: Anyone fancy going to the museum today?
Jamie: What’s on?
Claire: I’m not feeling so great, I’m out :(
May: Do you need anything, dear?
Claire: I’m good, thanks. Tom brought me Lemsip and some tablets for a sore throat. I’ll live ;) Thank you though xxx
May: Ok, I was thinking about going to Yayoi Kusama’s art exhibition
Jamie: Who’s he/she?
May: She and she’s a Japanese contemporary artist
May: <file_other>
Jamie: Wow, that looks cool! Where’s it?
May: I think Barbican
Claire: That looks amazing! I wish I could go :( When does it end?
May: There’s still one week left, but as I’m going on a trip next week it’s my last chance to see it. Usually she exhibits her work in Japan or in the US only.
Jamie: I’d happily go today, what time should we meet?
May: Is 12 all right?
Jamie: Sure! Meet you there, then?
May: Ok!
Summary: May and Jamie are meeting at 12 at Barbican to see Yayoi Kusama's art exhibition. She normally exhibits in the US and Japan only. Her exhibition finishes next week. May is on a trip next week. Claire is sick, so she can't go.
Dialogue: Arthur: Buy bread
Isabelle: Already did
Arthur: Thanks sweetheart  
Summary: Arthur tells Isabelle to buy bread. She already did.
Dialogue: Luka: Mum!
Luka: I'm trying to read your instructions for the meal but can't understand a thing.
Emily: What's the problem this time?
Luka: What did you mean by preheat the oven?
Luka: Well I know what you meant by that but to what temperature?
Emily: 180 degree like always.
Luka: It's the first time I'm making this by myself!
Emily: Don't worry, it's really easy.
Emily: Just preheat the oven to 180 and put the dish for 30 minutes.
Luka: Okay, I'll try.
Emily: Just remember to cool it off after taking it out of the oven. You'll burn yourself otherwise.
Luka: Will do. Thanks!
Summary: Luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal. Emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min.
Dialogue: Isaac: <file_other>
Isabelle: I've seen it, so funny! XD
Isaac: <file_other>
Isabelle: OMG, stop sending those, I need to focus now!
Isabelle: <file_gif>
Summary: Isaac sends Isabelle some funny stuff. 
Dialogue: Rachel: Dear team, our lawyers are running a GDPR training session next week. I'm attaching a spreadsheet with two available days, Wednesday or Friday, please choose one and write your name in the appropriate column. 
Joyce: Boss, next week I'll be at the expo in Paris, will I be able to receive the training at some other time? 
Rachel: Yes, contact me when you're back, we'll figure something out.
David: I'm still on a sick leave, can I join the session via Skype?
Rachel: Of course. I'll have someone send you the link. Just tell me which date suits you better.
David: I'd prefer Wednesday.
Rachel: All right. Everybody else, I need you to sign up till the end of the day. If your name isn't in the spreadsheet by then, you'll be placed wherever there are available spots. 
Timothy: Rachel, could you send us the link to the spreadsheet.
Rachel: Right, sorry. <file_other>
Summary: Rachel created a spreadsheet for voting on which day the GDPR training should be held.
Dialogue: Lars: I'll be home in 10
Peter: Oh that's fast, I'm still cooking
Lars: No worries, I'll help you
Summary: Lars will be home in 10. Peter is cooking. Lars will help him. 
Dialogue: Jeremy: U made it?
Crystal: yeah
Crystal: the movie with Gaga is a remake
Jeremy: Oh, sb's been googling:D
Crystal: a 4th one, even 
Crystal: yeah
Jeremy: <file_gif>
Summary: The film with Gaga is the 4th remake.
Dialogue: Natty: Got a new game :)
Vic: Yeah? :)
Natty: It's called Air Combat Pilot.
Vic: Flying planes?
Natty: Yeah! WWII stuff :)
Summary: Natty has got "Air Combat Pilot".
Dialogue: Spencer: you remember that gorgeous girl i was eyeing at the bar yesterday?
Raymond: that beautiful redhead?
Spencer: that one
Spencer: i mustered all the courage in the world...
Spencer: i went to her and itroduced myself...
Spencer: and asked for her number
Raymond: YOU'RE THE MAN!!! WOW!!!
Spencer: i've been texting her all morning and she didn't reply
Spencer: so i decided to call her
Raymond: what did you say?
Spencer: nothing!!
Raymond: she gave me a random number!!!
Raymond: she was blowing me off  :-(
Spencer: oh man don't let this get to you
Raymond: it's hard not to lol
Raymond: i'll be all right
Summary: Spencer saw a gorgeous girl in the bar yesterday and asked for her number. He's been texting and calling her all day, but she hasn't replied. She gave him a random number. 
Dialogue: Dan: Hi guys
Lautaro: 👋
Pablo: Hey Dan, what are you up to?
Dan: Finishing dinner now. Are you guys doing anything tonight?
Lautaro: Yep, we’re going to have a few drinks in Palermo and then head to Niceto Club
Pablo: There’s this party we like called EGYPTIAN NIGHTS 🙊🙈🙉
Pablo: With dancers dressed up as ancient Egyptians and stuff like this
Lautaro: Have you been?
Dan: No. But sounds like fun! 🔥
Dan: How much is it?
Lautaro: The price changes but I guess it’s like 100 pesos?
Pablo: Yeah, something like that. But I assure you it’s worth it
Dan: Sounds good to me. Where are we meeting?
Lautaro: <file_other>
Lautaro: Around 10?
Dan: Cool. I’ll see you there
Pablo: 😘😘😘
Summary: Lautaro is going to have a few drinks in Palermo and go for 'Egyptian Nights' party. Dan, Pablo and Lautaro will meet at Niceto Club around 10.
