Dialogue: David: I want to quit my job.
Max: Why? What happened?
David: You know how it is. It was fine but then the boss started to change everything
Max: What do you mean?
David: Everything, like the system, the way we talk with the client, just everything
Max: Is it so bad?
David: Some of this ideas are good but the way they execute them...
Max: Like what?
David: Well, they think of something new and it's like they are expecting that we will proceed with it before they even tell us about the change
Max: that's ridiculous
David: I know, but they don't get it
Max: Can't you tell them?
David: They don't listen and it's not only this. They want everything to be don right away, they don't even give some time to adapt
Max: Can't you wait for a while? Maybe it will calm down soon.
David: I really would, but I'm tired of getting reprimand for not my mistakes.
Max: yeah, I get it. It can destroy you. Do you have something new on your mind.
David: not really, I've just started searching, But I will try to find something asap.
Summary: David wants to quit his job because of the sudden changes in the working system. David has pointed out the flaws of the system but nobody's cared. David wants to find another job in the near future.
Dialogue: Holly: Cheese & wine festival coming up to Bristol!
Emma: When is it?
Holly: 24th May
Emma: Hope we won’t get drunk! Ha ha!
Toby: Yummy! I’m coming with you!
Holly: See u soon guys! 
Summary: They are going to attend the Cheese and Wine Festival.
Dialogue: Khloe: The motor is not working
Julian: Have you even turned the main switch ON?
Khloe: Oh i forgot about that :P
Summary: Khloe didn't switch the motor on.
Dialogue: Ana: did you get your new visa?
Paul: no 
Paul: not yet
Ana: maybe you should call the bank?
Paul: why?
Ana: maybe it got lost in the mail or something
Paul: Why are you panicking?
Paul: I'm sure it will come!
Ana: bcuz we are going to mexico
Ana: in 2 fucking weeks!
Paul: oh gees
Paul: fine I'll call them 2morrow
Ana: thank you
Ana: I don't want to be the only one with a credit card on vacation
Paul: sounds appealing
Paul: maybe I should just not call them :P?
Ana: oh come on!
Ana: don't be an ass
Paul: fine I'll call them 2morrow
Paul: don't worry
Summary: Paul hasn't received a new visa yet. Paul will call the bank tomorrow. Paul and Ana are going to Mexico in two weeks.
Dialogue: Jack: Wanna play some game tonight?
Zack: Yup. I have time tonight.
Jack: Cool.
Jack: I haven't been online for a month now.
Jack: Shame that mature life gets you so fast
Zack: Yup. Mature life at 25
Zack: It's surprising we're not married and don't have kids by this time :D
Jack: Hahah. Please don't even say it.
Jack: I can't afford a kid right now. 
Zack: Hahaha.
Summary: Jack invites Zack to play some game tonight.
Dialogue: Roman: Did you see the new Aquaman movie? Looks awesome!
Beth: I have! Wow is he built or what???
Roman: That's not what I meant...
Beth: Oh! Right! :$
Roman: I just mean that it looks really cool, the underwater stuff.
Beth: It does; want to go check it out?
Roman: Friday night?
Beth: Sure. Pizza after?
Roman: Definitely.
Beth: Meet you at the mall!
Roman: Okay. 6?
Beth: Yep!
Summary: Roman and Beth are going to see the new Aquaman movie on Friday and have a pizza after that.
Dialogue: Charlotte: Guys
Charlotte: Heeeeelp
Daniel: ?
Charlotte: I'm writing my cv and i don't knwo what to put in SKILLS
Daniel: You don't have any?xD
Charlotte: Very funny ^^
Oscar: Just type in google "skills examples" and choose those skills that match
Oscar: I always do that
Charlotte: Mmm, sounds like a plan
Charlotte: I'll check it
Daniel: What kind of job?
Charlotte: Junior Sales Assistant
Daniel: Nice
Charlotte: But I don't know if I got any chances
Daniel: Why not?
Charlotte: Competition is high
Charlotte: And I don't meet all the reqs actually xD
Daniel: Don't bother, probably nobody does
Oscar: It'll be fine, keep my fingers crossed
Charlotte: Thx ;*
Summary: Charlotte is writing her CV to apply for a Junior Sales Assistant position and doesn't know what to put in the "Skills" section. Daniel advises her to look for examples on Google. The competition for the position is high and Charlotte doesn't meet all the requirements.
Dialogue: Pete: I need a present for Katie
Pete: Any suggestions?
Mark: For your anniversary?
Pete: yeah
Josh: perfume?
John: I got Mandy a bracelet
John: She was happy
Pete: She doesn't want jewellery
Mark: Does she like art?
Mark: A ticket to an art show?
Pete: hmm... that's something
Josh: a concert maybe? 
John: Let's buy them all tickets to a concert 
John: and it's a night out for us
Pete: that's a thought!
Pete: will check that out online 
Pete: and let you know!
John: All in?
Josh: Yes
Mark: Sure
Summary: Pete and Kate have anniversary. Pete, Mark and John decided to buy tickets to a concert for their girlfriends so that they will have a night out together.
Dialogue: Bella: I just asked my father to take me to park with him
Austin: What did he say?
Bella: He refused to do so. I guess I will have to ask mother now
Summary: Bella will ask her mother to take her to the park.
Dialogue: Lisa: Ciao Bella ;)
Lisa: How are you? Back form Italy?
Nancy: Hi Honey!
Nancy: Yes! Got back long time ago! :O
Nancy: And I'm fine :) 
Nancy: How are you?
Lisa: Good! 
Lisa: I missed you! 
Lisa: Coffee?
Nancy: Sure!
Lisa: Great! I'm very curious how it's been there, at the school and all the rest.
Nancy: I'll tell you all about it! :)
Lisa: When do you have time? Do you live in Warsaw?
Nancy: Now, I'm at my parents' house. 
Lisa: U work in Warsaw? 
Nancy: Yes, I come twice a week to teach. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Lisa: So maybe Wednesday before your classes. 
Lisa: When do you start?
Nancy: 6 p.m.
Lisa: Hm, I start at 5 p.pm. Can you come earlier?
Nancy: Sure thing! 
Lisa: Okey, so let's say 3 p.m.? 
Nancy: That's setlled! 
Lisa: :) 
Lisa: somewhere in the city centre?
Nancy: yep
Lisa: okey!
Summary: Nancy and Lisa will meet for coffee in Warsaw's city centre at 3 pm.
Dialogue: Maddy: Eh I’m so tired : (
John: I bet you are, where did you go with Jane?
Maddy: To the “Black Inn”
John: How was it?
Maddy: Ok, but I got some pretty bad news.
John: What do you mean?
Maddy: Jane is pregnant
John: Oh… isn’t it a good news?
Maddy: No, the father is her abusive ex
John: Doesn’t sound very good, what now?
Maddy: She’s considering the abortion, I’m trying to change her mind
John: Why? Maybe it would be for the best
Maddy: Look, she has no purpose in her life, no ideas for her future, maybe this kid would help her to get it back together
John: Or make it even worse… Have you thought about it?
Maddy: Yea I have but I still think it’s a chance for her, the other thing is what we’ll she do with that.
John: You can’t push her too much, it’s her decision, a very difficult one.
Maddy: Yes, yes, I know, I hope she’ll make it.
John: What would you do if you were her?
Maddy: Definitely an abortion, but if I was in the SAME situation, considering money, life and relationships, maybe I would change my mind.
John: I don’t think Jane will tbh
Maddy: Why?
John: She’s always been like that; very independent, always on her own. You can’t just change it.
Maddy: A kid changes a lot, trust me.
Summary: Maddy went to the Black Inn with Jane. Jane is pregnant. The father is her abusive ex. She's considering an abortion. Maddy's trying to change her mind. She thinks it would change her life for the better. Jane has always been very independent, so John doubts she'll change her mind.
Dialogue: Ruby: Have a good night
Ruby: I love you.
Ruben: Love you too!
Summary: Ruby and Ruben love each other.
Dialogue: Cathy: I'm having my hair cut today, keep your fingers crossed!
Martha: no way! Why?? You've got such beautiful hair 
Cathy: change is good for you, you know... plus it's a real nightmare to wash it every day
Martha: I see. Send pics right after, OK??
Cathy: Sure!
Martha: I'm thinking about going blonde, by the way. So well both look different, lol
Cathy: Blonde?? Awesome! 
Martha: it's just a thought but since you're making such radical changes maybe I should too 
Cathy: what would Tin have to say about it? 
Martha: He likes to try new things so he wouldn't mind terribly 
Cathy: and if he sure? 
Martha: Then that's too bad, LOL
Cathy: Look at you all tough and merciless 
Martha: #newyearnewme
Cathy: loool if you say so! 
Martha: I watch Oprah, you should do what you want in your life 
Cathy: oh dont you couch me now! :D 
Martha: You deserve happiness! 
Cathy: bye 
Martha: Be the best version of yourself! 
Cathy: ...
Martha: Love yourself!
Summary: Cathy is having her hair cut today, she wants a change and taking care of her long hair is difficult. Martha wants a change too and she's considering going blonde. 
Dialogue: Avery: Constructors are at the door. are asking for you. where are you?
David: Ask them to wait. Coming in 5 mins
Avery: Ok 
Summary: The constructors are looking for David. He will meet them in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Angie: Hey did you finish our group work?
Ashley: Yeah I did but it needs some fine editing
Ashley: Can you do it?
Angie: Yeah. Just email me the soft copy.
Angie: ASAP!
Summary: Ashley finished their group work. Angie will do the editing. Ashley will send Angie the soft copy. 
Dialogue: Pete: Sup?
Lionel: I'm at a meeting, can't talk.
Pete: OK, sorry.
Summary: Lionel is in a meeting and can't talk.
Dialogue: Robert: please say that you'll come
Robert: I don't want to stay with them alone
David: I will, don't worry
David: I'll just be a bit late
Robert: that's a relief
Robert: I'll be waiting then
Summary: David will be late. Robert is relieved, because he doesn't want to stay with them alone.
Dialogue: Hal: Xmas is coming
Daphne: and ...
Hal: and I'd like to know what you would like to get this year
Daphne: surely not the Chinese crap you gave me last year
Hal: thought it was funny
Daphne: ridiculous rather. give me three days to think ok?
Hal: OK, otherwise I'll have to come up with sth and u know I'm not that good at it
Daphne: you bet
Summary: Hal wants to know which present Daphne would like for Xmas, as last year she didn't appreciate Hal's gift.
Dialogue: Jesse: hey, I've heard you're planning to buy a flat together with Sam?
Jesse: is that true?
Teresa: yeah true
Teresa: we've already seen some flats
Jesse: that's a great piece of news :)
Teresa: thx :)
Teresa: <file_other>
Teresa: we saw this one yesterday
Jesse: wow, it looks impressive!
Teresa: I agree, but it turned out it didn't have a cellar :(
Jesse: what a pity :(
Summary: Teresa is planning to buy a flat together with Sam, and they've already seen some flats. Jesse likes the one they saw yesterday, but it didn't have a cellar. 
Dialogue: Sienna: Think Serena will win the Aussie?
Fred: Just hope she doesn't go off on another ref!
Sienna: That was OTT!
Fred: FWIW, I don't disagree with her, but she handled it poorly.
Sienna: Agreed.
Fred: She had to know that the world was watching.
Sienna: Yeah, you don't act up like that when you're a pro.
Fred: Agreed.
Sienna: Anyway, hopefully things go well for her. No grand though.
Fred: No, but that's a hard thing to do!
Sienna: True, but she has before!
Fred: I think her time is done, unfortunately. She's a mommy now!
Sienna: A fierce mommy!
Fred: Yes, but time to retired and let the younger kids do their thing.
Sienna: Maybe...
Fred: What else you doin today?
Sienna: Just hanging out. Didn't have to work so got some stuff done. You?
Fred: Same. Just chillin'.
Sienna: Too bad we didn't get together.
Fred: Free next week?
Sienna: Nah. Going home for x-mas early. Back to work on x-mas eve and all through the holidays.
Fred: That sux!
Sienna: Such is the life of a med student!
Fred: Well, poke me when you're free and we'll meet up. I'm not doing anything over the break.
Sienna: Not going home?
Fred: Nah. Nothing to go back to and can't afford it.
Sienna: Gotcha. We'll see ya'!
Fred: Cya!
Summary: Fred thinks Serena won't be such a good player anymore. Sienna has some free time now but she has to work during the holidays. Fred is also free right now and he has no plans for the break.
Dialogue: Gil: movie saturday morning?
Eva: yessss
Gil: which one? you're the one with the app
Eva: lazy guy
Gil: darling i love u
Eva: Dragons 3 or Creed 2?
Gil:  you choose
Gil: my dad wants to invite us for lunch
Eva: how scaring!
Gil: he's cool
Eva: but i'm stressed
Gil: i was too when i met your mum
Eva: did you? too funny!
Eva: and your mum?
Gil: she's nice too
Eva: no, i mean she'll come also?
Gil: yes but don't panic. I'm here
Eva: sure.. lol
Summary: Gil and Eva are going to see a movie on Saturday morning. Gil's dad invites them for lunch. Gil's mum will be there too. Eva is stressed.
Dialogue: Karine: the date for the celebration has been scheduled for june 30th. Could you confirm it's ok for you
Eleonore: great, thank you so much. You may count on me. 
Karine: ok. Don't forget to send me you written confirmation. How many of you will participate?
Eleonore: For sure 3 people. I'll let you know about Jane asap.
Karine: thanks
Summary: Eleonore and two other people will take part in the celebration on June 30th. Eleonore will let Karine know about Jane asap.
Dialogue: Lydia: Barbecue in one hour?
Olivier: Sure!
Lydia: Excellent, just bring some beer
Olivier: Ok
Summary: Olivier will come to Lydia for barbecue in one hour. He'll bring beer. 
Dialogue: Ethan: recommend a movie please
Ethan: I can't stand another shitty production and I know you've seen everything :D
Joe: hmmmmmmmmm
Joe: what are you in mood for?
Ethan: I'm thinking a thriller
Ethan: not too scary cause Angie freaks out when she sees too much blood
Joe: haha okay
Ethan: available on netflix
Joe: :D I'm gonna charge you for my advice
Ethan: :D
Joe: do you like oldies?
Ethan: oldies like 1940s? or 1990s? Or 5 year old movies?
Joe: 1990s
Ethan: yes very much
Joe: primal fear then. a bit gory at the beginning but really good
Ethan: who's in it?
Joe: Richard Gere and young Edward Norton!
Ethan: wow sounds great I'll check it out
Joe: let me know if you like it :)
Summary: Joe recommends Primal Fear with Rechard Gere and Edward Norton to Ethan.
Dialogue: Tommy: guess what :D
Tim: you're gay
Tim: is that it?
Tommy: missed
Tommy: I got a job!
Tommy: at the Grein Hotel
Tim: how can someone like you get a job in a hotel
Tim: oh, I see
Tim: you're gonna clean the floors, towels, bedshits and other shits, right?
Tommy: you jealous mother fucker
Tommy: it doesn't matter what
Tommy: I can finally earn some money and make ends meet
Tommy: but your brain is apparently too small to understand it
Tommy: you better get a job yourself
Tommy: maybe as a janitor at the scrapyard
Tommy: this is where I see you
Tim: fuck you
Tommy: and vice versa
Summary: Tommy got a job in Grein Hotel. Tim is surprised and responds in an ironic way. Tommy gets frustrated and insults Tim.
Dialogue: Barry: vodka and disco?
Marty: sure 
Barry: so in our place 
Marty: ok 
Summary: Barry and Marty decide to have some vodka and disco. They will meet at Barry's.
Dialogue: Daniel: mum, it seems that the plant you gave me just died
Daniel: <file_photo>
Chloe: hm…it looks dead indeed
Chloe: did you remember to water it from time to time? :P
Daniel: mum! Of course I remembered! Too little sun perhaps?
Chloe: maybe baby :D
Summary: The plant which Chloe gave to Daniel has died. He remembered to water it so it maybe it had too little sunshine.
Dialogue: Laura: do you have the results of your history exam?
Zach: yes
Laura: so…
Zach: so what?
Laura: how did you do??
Zach: not in the mood to text
Zach: sorry
Laura: did you do that bad?
Zach: yes
Zach: i'll be grounded for the rest of my life
Zach: my parents will tell me i spend too much time playing video games and not enough studying
Laura: i'm sorry
Laura: i'm sure it won't be as bad as you think
Zach: text you later
Summary: Zach did poorly on his history exam and is worried about his parents' reaction. He doesn't feel like talking to Laura.
Dialogue: Samantha: I'm in the train
Edgar: Where?
Samantha: I've just passed Audley End.
Henry: Ok, I'm leaving to pick you up from the station. 
Summary: Samantha has just passed Audley End in the train. Henry will pick her up from the station.
Dialogue: Rachel: Hi, how's the piece going?
Zoe: Slowly, and I'm panicking it won't be ready for the show! I just can't gt the sky right, it's really frustrating.
Rachel: Calm down, love, isn't only a village art show, not the Tate!
Zoe: I know, but it's my first exhibition. Will you take a quick look at it, see what you think?
Rachel: Course I will, send it over.
Zoe: There you go <file_photo> Be kind!
Rachel: Well, the sky is a bit too blue, I'd add a few stripes of black, orange, green, break it up a bit. The people are far too small too, enlarge them a bit. Give them strong expressions, mouths a bit bigger, that kind of thing. 
Zoe: OK, if you think so. How many times have you won it now? I don't stand a chance!
Rachel: 5 years running, actually. Don't be a defeatist, make a few changes and I'm sure you'll do well. Good luck!
Zoe: Thanks, you're so kind! See you Saturday!
Summary: Zoe is preparing a picture for an art show. She is not very happy with her job and she is not sure she's going to get it right.
Dialogue: Esther: Where were yesterday??
Stacy: What do you mean?
Esther: We were supposed to meet, remember??
Stacy: Yesterday? Yesterday was Tues.
Esther: Exactly.
Stacy: I'm really sorry. I got confused because of the holiday. Since Mon was off I thought yesterday was Mon.
Esther: Yeah, well you missed out on LOTS.
Stacy: Like what? 
Esther: Doris is getting married! 
Stacy: Doris, really? I guess I'll catch up on everything next time. I kind of like this little club we have, don't you?
Esther: Sure, it's a nice escape from the every day :)
Summary: Stacy got the dates confused because of the holiday and missed a meeting with Esther and other girls. One of them, Doris, is getting married. 
Dialogue: Donna: What time are you arriving?
Kimberley: we should be there around 16.55 
Brenda: but I think we will be late
Brenda: we're still in Connecticut 
Paul: Are you traveling with mega?
Brenda: yes, we are
Donna: what station will you arrive at?
Kimberley: South Station
Donna: Perfect, it won't take you more than 30 min to get to our place
Donna: just use the app moveit, do you have it?
Kimberley: I do
Donna: Do you have the address
Kimberley: Sure, see you soon
Donna: see you!
Summary: Kimberley should arrive at South Station around 16:55. 
Dialogue: Rachel: Hi Dad, what time is Pete and Sylve coming over?
Dad: They said about 11, why?
Rachel: well they were going to come and have a cuppa with me but I am thinking I may as well drive over to yours and save them a journey
Dad: you could do darling
Rachel: I dont have too much to do this afternoon and I do need to go shopping so I will come over to yours and see them and then go shopping on the way home
Dad: sounds like a plan!
Rachel: yes I will see you after 12 then xxx
Dad: ok xxx
Summary: Pete and Sylve are coming to Dad's place at 11. Rachel decides to change her plans for meeting them and drive over to Dad to see them there after 12. Rachel will go shopping on  the way home.
Dialogue: Harper: Did we really need another Grinch film? 
Harper: |‑O
Leo: Or a Mary Poppins remake? 
Harper: Oh, barf!
Harper: Hated the first one!
Leo: Never saw the first one!
Harper: Had to watch with some kids I babysit. Bo-ring!
Leo: Ah, oh, got it.
Harper: Anyway, original Grinch is the GOAT!
Leo: Nah. Jim Carrey one!
Harper: You think?
Leo: Grinch movie marathon!
Harper: Is it a marathon with only two?
Leo: We could watch them both twice! LOL!
Harper: LOL! Deal. I'll bring the popcorn.
Leo: You're on!
Summary: Leo and Harper will have Grinch any Mary Poppins remake marathon. Harper will bring the popcorn.
Dialogue: Aiden: Listen, what time do you want me to come tomorrow?
Aiden: 20:00? Earlier? Do you need any help?
Aileen: No, I'm ok. Be there at 20:00 or around 20:00 and it'll be fine.
Aiden: Okey.
Aiden: What shall I buy?
Aileen: Something to drink, like wine or beer or whatever you like.
Aiden: That's all?
Aileen: Yes :)
Aiden: OK :)
Summary: Aiden will buy something to drink and come to Aileen's around 20:00.
Dialogue: Alexa: My dear Linda, I am back at home!
Linda: Very good! And how do you feel?
Alexa: A bit jet-lagged of course but happy to be at home. This time it was much too long to be away.
Linda: But your photos were fantastic, so it wasn't that bad ;)
Alexa: Shall we talk on the phone some time at the weekend?
Linda: Absolutely! Anytime on Saturday or Sunday. Shall call you?
Alexa: Yes, please.
Linda: Now have a good night's sleep after that long flight. Love!
Alexa: :*
Summary: Linda will call Alexa over the weekend for a catch up chat. 
Dialogue: Troy: Grandma left
Hayley: You sad boi?
Troy: A little bit
Hayley: Aw
Hayley: You will see her in a few months
Hayley: Time
Troy: :) 
Summary: Troy is sad as his grandma left. Troy will see her in a few months.
Dialogue: Bea: hiya son
Bea: call your grandma today, it's her birthday
Leo: ok will do
Leo: anything else I should know
Bea: don't be like that
Bea: now, have a good day and remember to call!
Leo: yeah yeah right
Summary: Bea reminds Leo to call his grandma for her birthday. 
Dialogue: Nicole: Dinner's ready, where are you?
Matt: Sorry, got delayed.
Matt: I'm coming, though.
Nicole: OK, drive safe!
Summary: Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
Dialogue: Drew: Late night huh?
Eric: ya :D
Drew: so... how was your date?
Eric: She has just left my apartment.
Drew: Start from the beginning, ok?
Eric: sure
Eric: Okay, we watched a movie, then headed to a nice restaurant.
Eric: We went Dutch of course.
Drew: Oh, I respect that.
Eric: Me too.
Eric: Then we went to my flat.
Drew: Did you do it?
Eric: nope, it wasn't my intention.
Eric: maybe next time
Drew: Will you introduce her to me?
Eric: no problem
Drew: We can go to a party next week.
Eric: Great idea, I will ask her.
Drew: sure
Summary: Eric was on a date. They watched a movie, went to a restaurant and then to his flat. They didn't have sex. Eric will introduce his date to Drew at a party next week, if she agrees to come.
Dialogue: Romy: Hey is that your brother on tv???
Romy: <file_other>
Brad: Yes its him! The proud of our family... ;)
Romy: :D
Romy: Erm... Looks super cute ;)
Brad: Ohh no no no you bad girl!
Brad: :'D
Romy: Just sayin
Romy: So does he have a girlfriend?
Brad: I dont have a girlfriend :D
Romy: I know. That was not the question :D
Summary: Brad's brother is on TV. Romy is interested in becoming his girlfriend.
Dialogue: Casper: Hi Mr. Travelling Man, how you’ve been lately? Do you know any good books or blogs about Iceland? 
John: Hi, good. Yes, actually, my friend went there last month! 
Casper: Wow, what a perfect coincidence. Does she/he have any blog, or instagram? 
John: Yes, you might check her travel stories and photos at her blog <file_link> That’s some quality content there!
Casper: I’ll definately do that. I might give her a heads up, if you want to exchange some tips before going there. 
John: Yeah, that’s really nice of you. Let her know, that I’ll be contacting her.
Casper: Ok, will do. 
John: Thank you! I can always rely on you bro. I’ll send you a postcard if I don’t freeze during the first journey.
Casper: Haha, better dress properly. That might be something more than a typical november-ish breeze in Stoke. 
Summary: Casper is travelling to Iceland. John has a friend that travelled to Iceland and has written about it on her blog. He will put Casper in touch with her. 
Dialogue: Ben: Tomorrow is the submission deadline.
Jack: I know
Sandra: Thanks for reminding, I forgot!
Summary: Ben is reminding Jack and Sandra about tomorrow's submission deadline.
Dialogue: Michelle: Hello! I have two tickets for the Christmas Gala for sale. Would you like to buy them? 
Dominika: Yeah. We are planning to go. 
Michelle: Great!
Dominika: Just give me your bank account number. 
Michelle: 94109018540000000112299806
Dominika: How much were the tickets?
Michelle: 60PLN each.
Dominika: Okey, I'm sending the money. 
Michelle: <file_other> You just need to print them. 
Dominika: Thanks!
Michelle: Thank you! 
Summary: Dominika will convey Michelle 120 PLN for the Christmas Gala tickets. Dominika needs to print her tickets.
Dialogue: Terry: are you going to the Polish party?
Pieter: yes, free vodka, right?
Laurent: exactly!
Summary: Pieter is going to the Polish party. There will be free vodka. 
Dialogue: Terry: hey i heard you see a physiotherapist?
Jennifer: true
Terry: u have a minute? can i ask you some questions? 
Jennifer: sure ;)
Terry: can you recommend anyone in Carlisle?
Jennifer: yeah mine is really good
Jennifer: i got to him after Mick has problems with his knee 
Jennifer: the GP recommended him
Jennifer: the GP was a surgeon at the same time btw so it made the recommendation even more reliable;)
Jennifer: he was seeing this physio as well
Jennifer: so Mick went to him and after 2 days his knee was almost fine
Terry: wow
Jennifer: yeah and he couldn't walk for like weeks before that 
Jennifer: orthopaedists wanted to operate 
Terry: whaaa
Jennifer: yeah exactly
Jennifer: furtunately he went to David, the physio
Jennifer: and then i went as well, with my spine 
Jennifer: and he helped me as well, after 3 months it was totally different
Terry: sounds incredible
Jennifer: yeah, i know
Jennifer: <file_photo>
Jennifer: so that's him, it's better to text him because he rarely picks up
Terry: ok thanks a lot!!
Jennifer: good luck ;) he's a magician, i'm sure he'll help :)
Terry: i do hope so, thanks again!!!
Jennifer: np ;)
Summary: Jennifer has a problem with her spine and goes to David, a physiotherapist in Carlisle. He helped Mick with a knee problem. Jennifer recommends Terry a visit to this physiotherapist. 
Dialogue: Robert: Any plans for the New Year’s Eve?
David: I’m going to the beach to see the fireworks.
Richard: I did it for the past few years but this year I’m staying home
Richard: Maybe I’m too old for that
David: It can get pretty crowded, right?
Richard: I don’t have patience for that anymore
Richard: And to get there is a nightmare. All the busses are full and don’t even think about taking your car. 
Robert: I'm staying at home too
Summary: David is going to the beach on New Year's Eve to see the fireworks. Richard and Robert are staying at home.
Dialogue: Zane: Hey, you better get here - Perry's on the prowl
Nola: What?! I told him I'ld send him the article this afternoon
Zane: He said something about the Groundhopkins coach
Nola: shit! I was supposed to send it to him today!!
Nola: On a scale of 1-10, how mad is he?
Zane: 12
Nola: Oh crap!! 
Zane: Anything I can do to help?
Nola: You can prepare my lovely eulogy while Perry finishes me off
Zane: You better hurry - he's turning kinda red like a tomato
Nola: Tell me about it! SHIT!!!
Summary: Perry's on the prowl. He's extremely mad. Nola was supposed to send him something about the Groundhopkins coach and didn't. She really needs to hurry.
Dialogue: Brit: there's a sale at sephora 
Brit: you're eyeliner is 50% off
Jessica: OMG 
Jessica: thanks I have to stock up :P 
Brit: no problem
Summary: There is a sale at Sephora and Jessica will use this occasion.
Dialogue: Addison: I have been thinking to paint my house.
Elijah: Good thought :)
Addison: What u think. Which paint brand is good to go for :/
Elijah: I would prefer diamond
Addison: You have also used it for your house, right?
Elijah: Yeah We have. My brother recommended it to me
Addison: Yeah your house looks amazing with that paint
Summary: Addison is thinking of painting her house. Elijah recommends Diamond paint.
Dialogue: Mike: Man, I need a piece of advice
Lukas: I'm listening :D
Mike: There is this chick I work with
Mike: I like her
Mike: She also seems somehow attracted to me
Mike: But I'm not sure and I need to check it
Mike: How can I check it?
Lukas: Hahaha. Invite her out m8 :D
Lukas: If you know each other some time now, you can surely think of inviting her to dinner or something :D
Mike: Maybe I will :D
Mike: Thanks man :)
Lukas: No problem :P
Summary: Mike thinks a girl he works with is attracted to him. He will invite her out to see if he's right.
Dialogue: Eva: OMG look what I just got from your mother
Eva: <file_photo>
Benjamin: OMG you look just marvellous :D
Benjamin: tbh I knew about this sweater
Benjamin: She has been knitting it for quite a long time!
Eva: and you didn't bother to prepare me for such surprise?
Eva: shame on you
Benjamin: <file_gif>
Benjamin: guilty! 
Summary: Eva got a nice sweater from Benjamin's mother.
Dialogue: Sam: So fed up with my assignment!
Kevin: Go Sam go! Get your homework done!
Sam: easier said than done!
Jim: get off FB!
Kevin: try having 3 of them!
Jenny: Come on! You can do it!
Jim: May the force be with you!  
Sam: haha!
William: come on! make me proud! just one more to go!
Summary: Sam hates the assignment he has to do. His friends cheers him up.
Dialogue: Maureen: Heey girl
Maureen: I just moved to a new house.
Lucy: Hey
Lucy: Tell me it is awesome
Maureen: You know me. Classy as always.
Lucy: 🤣🤣girl
Lucy: You gonna kill me one of these days.
Maureen: You should come and visit soon
Lucy: Definitely.
Lucy: Just text me the address.
Summary: Maureen has just moved to a new house. Lucy will visit her soon.
Dialogue: Shane: going to tesco now
Shane: want me to get you something?
Tina: no thanks im okay
Shane: ok text me if you change your mind
Tina: i will :*
Summary: Shane is going shopping to Tesco and asks Tina if she needs anything. She does not but may text him in case she thought otherwise.
Dialogue: Robert: Have you seen the last episode of "Narcos"?
Clara:  For personal reasons I don't watch this series. And it hurts me that so many people like it.
Robert: What are you talking about??? It is awesome!!
Clara: You know I'm form Colombia, right?
Robert: Sure.
Clara: I grew up in Medellín. 
Robert: Wait, it's where Pablo was from...
Clara: No, this criminal was born in Rionegro but he made life of many of us in Medellín unbearable. 
Robert: Tell me about it.
Clara: I don't know what to say. I lost a few members of my family in bomb attacks. 
Robert: Oh Clara, I'm really sorry to hear that. 
Clara: My aunt Rosa... she was such a kind human being. One day she went to walk her daughter to school. She never came back home. 
Robert: That must have been hard...
Clara: We barely recognised her. She was completely torn apart by a bomb.
Robert: OMG 
Clara: I just hate this series... I watched a few episodes. Escobar was not this cool, smart guy. He was a monster!!!
Robert: No doubt about it.
Clara: It really hurts me when I see young people watching this series and saying they want to be like Escobar. I stopped watching it. It brought too many painful memories. 
Robert: I'm sorry, Clara. You must have passed through a lot. 
Summary: Clara is from Colombia and her community and family suffered because of Pablo Escobar. Clara is therefore not watching the show "Narocs" as she feels it represents Escobar in a falsely positive way. Clara finds the popularity of the show hurtful.
Dialogue: Richard: hola hola muchachas, is it true that our lesson next week is called off?
Isabella: hey Richard :) so I've heard
Sarah: yes, 100%
Sarah: Mrs. Garcia texted me, she's ill
Richard: too bad! thanks for letting me know
Summary: Mrs. Garcia texted Sarah that she's ill and the lesson next week is cancelled.
Dialogue: Nate: can you guys give the password to our gmail account?
Ruby: ling2017gr3
Nate: thanks a lot
Ted: it's the old password. Gary changed it like two weeks ago
Nate: it's not working
Nate: ah ok then what's the new one
Ruby: sorry i had it on autofill xd
Ruby: don't remember the new one
Gary: it's emplingdoc2017gr1 now
Nate: thanks
Gary: i'm posting it on our page
Summary: Gary changed the password to gmail account to emplingdoc2017gr1.
Dialogue: Donna: Hi Ronald, good morning! I have filled the questionnaire already.
Ronald: Hi Donna, thanks so much for your hard work! 
Ronald: I've gone through it yesterday and have some questions.
Ronald: What would you say about a very short call at 10.30 AM CET?
Donna: It will be 4:30pm my time, could you make it 15 mins earlier as I need to call a manager around 4:50pm.
Ronald: Absolutely, so 4.15 pm your time.
Ronald: It'll take around 10 mins.
Donna: Good! Just call me around that time. 
Donna: I will be staying on line
Ronald: Will do! Talk to you then!
Donna: Thanks!
Ronald: Just one more thing, Donna.
Ronald: Is there a chance you collect the feedback from Jack by the time we speak?
Donna: Hasn't he sent it over to you yet?
Ronald: No, I'm afraid he hasn't. 
Donna: Then of course, I'll reach out to him for his input, no problem!
Ronald: That'd be lovely! 
Ronald: Can we now?
Donna: Hi, sure, I’m ready!
Summary: Ronald and Donna will have a short phone call at 4.15 p.m. Ronald want to discuss the questionnaire that Donna filled out. Donna will collect a feedback from Jack and send it to Ronald.
Dialogue: Sebastian: hey u coming tomorrow?
Silvia: I'll let you know tomorrow morning, not sure yet
Sebastian: ok thx
Summary: Silvia will let Sebastian know if she's coming tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Gina: Proud to announce we’re expecting a baby April 2019!!! 
Ben: So happy for you Gina and Toby!
Dan: Congrats!
Nancy: Such amazing news! You are glowing! Xxx
Sarah: OMG! Fab! What a beautiful baby that will be!
Danie: we are due at the same time!
Sarah: so your babies can be best friends ;)
Nick: Congratulations to you both!
Olivia: that is awesome!
Summary: Gina and Toby are expecting a baby April 2019. So is Danie.
Dialogue: Nick: What have you bought Pete for his b-day?
Angela: Nothing, Sarah said we might all pitch in for something bigger.
Nick: That would be great, keep me posted if you know more, OK?
Angela: Sure thing.
Summary: Nick and Angela discuss what to buy Pete for his birthday. Angela wants to join a money collection of Sarah to get something bigger. Nicks wants to be posted.
Dialogue: John: Is sex ever safe?
Jason: It's a good question.
John: In Japan thru have sex with robots...Seems safe to me, don't you think?
John: They*
Jason: That's interesting. But can there be sex without attachment?
John: Maybe yes. People can have sex without love. But the point is that it is risky. 
Jason: That's true. People don't want to take such risks. Hmmmm...
John: How about sex without politics?
Jason: I don't think you can ever really remove all the politics... But that's what makes it exciting. Isn't it?
Summary: John and Jason are discussing the meaning of 'safe sex'. John considers having sex with robots safe. He thinks people can have sex without love. Jason thinks you can't separate politics from sex completely.
Dialogue: Nickie: hey ladies!!!! I'm home for the weekend, how about doing a ladies night?
Janine: Nickie, at last! I thought you were not coming
Nicole: hey B-) I'm in
Nicole: and Janine is right, explain yourself xd
Nickie: I'm so sorry girls, but it's all so different here...I have a lot of work, like at the university, apart from that I'm doing two courses and this job at the hostel...it's too much
Janine: two courses? what courses?
Nickie: the one from legal English, translations and so on and the other one from Italian, just to refresh the language
Nicole: how many shifts do you have at work?
Nickie: sometimes it's 3, sometimes 4...often at night, it's extremely overwhelming
Janine: jesus..do you sleep? do you even have time for that?
Nickie: I do, but it's about 5 or sometimes even 4 hours...I'm tired :/
Nicole: I think you should give up one of these activities or at least organize it somehow, cause you're not a strongwoman
Nickie: I know, I'm trying my best 
Nickie: but getting back to our plans, when are you free? maybe Sunday?
Nicole: I'm free on these two days
Janine: Saturday sounds cool
Nickie: Saturday then!
Summary: Nickie's home for the weekend and wants to organise a ladies night with Janine and Nickie. Nickie has a lot going on recently at work and the university. They'll all meet up on Saturday.
Dialogue: Fran: Hello Ana I left the keys in the mailbox
Anna: Thank you
Fran: We left 10 minutes ago
Anna: Was everything ok?
Fran: Yes, perfect!
Fran: Thank you again, you are very kind and helpful
Anna: I'm glad you liked it
Anna: You are always welcome if you want to come again :)
Fran: We would love to!
Fran: I will tell all my friends that your city is awesome and we had a really great time
Anna: So glad to read that :)
Anna: Are you on your way to the airport?
Fran: Yes. By taxi as you told us :)
Anna: Very well
Anna: The traffic is not that bad today so you have plenty of time
Fran: We have to have a breakfast at the airport :)
Anna: Have a good flight!
Fran: Thank you, have a super nice day!
Summary: Fran's party left Anna's apartment 10 minutes ago, having left the keys in the mailbox. They are on their way to the airport by taxi and will have breakfast there. Anna wishes them a good flight and says they are always welcome to stay at her place again.
Dialogue: Ida: Can you bring me my sweater? I left it at school.
Rachel: Where?
Ida: In the chemistry lab
Maurice: It's locked
Summary: Ida left her sweater in the chemistry lab.
Dialogue: Ella: Hi, Bert. Got a sec?
Bert: Yea, Ella. Shoot.
Ella: I need a new car and you are an expert:)
Bert: Am I:0?
Ella: You are for me!
Bert: If you say so. What can I do?
Ella: Should I consider an electric car?
Bert: You drive out of the city quite often, right?
Ella: Yes, once a week. At least.
Bert: Then you better look at hybrids.
Ella: All right. Thank a lot Bert!
Bert: Any time.
Summary: Ella needs a new car. According to Bert, a hybrid car will suit her needs.
Dialogue: Tonny: I fucking hate my job!!!
Louise: What happened?
Tonny: I just fucking hate it, Peter is a maniac he should be hospitalized!
Louise: What happened, honey?
Tonny: He dumped a giant pile of shit on me.
Louise: Meaning?
Tonny: You know this horrible project I told you about?
Louise: The one Raul is on?
Tonny: Yeah, the same. It's impossible to do and he dumped it on me.
Louise: Oh no...
Tonny: ON THE LAST MINUTE.
Louise: Poor thing, there's nothing to be done about it?
Tonny: I swear to God I'm quitting!
Louise: Don't make any rush decisions...
Tonny: ARGH I'M GONNA KILL HIM.
Louise: Just get some air, honey. ;*
Summary: Tonny hates his job and wants to quit. He was given a horrible project at the last minute.
Dialogue: Harper: I'm cooking pad thai. You're welcome to come over
Sean: Oh great. I'm so hungry
Joe: I've never tasted pad thai. Thanks Harper :-)
Summary: Harper invites Sean and Joe to try the pad thai he's making.
Dialogue: Ella: hi guys! how are you doing?
Ella: the group has been dead for a while
Tim: Yes, I think everybody is busy right now
Tim: I'm fine, don't know about others
Kate: I'm good
Kate: I think that we haven't had enough motivation to hang out since you left
Molly: You were the glue of the group Ella
Ella: how nice of you!
Ella: but...
Ella: surprise, surprise... 
Ella: I'm back!
Molly: what? 
Ella: yes, for a while
Tim: amazing, why didn't you tell us before?
Ella: it was quite unexpected, I found cheap flights from Quito and decided to buy them
Tim: how long will you stay?
Ella: at least a month, I have to fix my health a bit
Molly: are you ok?
Ella: yes, I guess I just need some rest
Summary: The group was a bit silent lately. Molly, Tim and Kate didn't hang out much after Ella left. She went to Quito, but she is back for at least a month for health reasons.
Dialogue: Melody: Stupid machine took my dollar!
Ted: Don't you hate that?
Melody: Why can't we invent machines that don't steal?
Ted: No idea.
Summary: Melody is angry at the machine that took her dollar. 
Dialogue: Mickey: Did you hear what happened in India?
Lavinia: No, what?
Mickey: A monkey snatched a baby!
Lavinia: OMG! How? What?!
Mickey: Apparently, a monkey kidnapped a baby and bit it.
Lavinia: What happened to the poor thing?
Mickey: Unfortunately, it died.
Lavinia: Oh my...
Mickey: Sad, isn't it?
Lavinia: But how did it even happen?
Mickey: The mother was feeding the baby and the monkey simply grabbed it and bit it in the head.
Lavinia: Oh, no!
Mickey: People were chasing it, but the animal dropped the baby on some roof and ran away. 
Lavinia: Scary!
Mickey: I know. It turns out it's not a standalone event.
Lavinia: What?!
Mickey: Two months ago another baby was attacked by apes. This one survived but was hospitalized.
Lavinia: Thankfully.
Summary: Mickey tells Lavinia that a monkey kidnapped and killed a baby in India.
Dialogue: Maria: Guys, do you have revolut?
Jenny: I don't have yet, but I heard it's a perfect solution for international money transfers
Mel: I have it, it's very good, saves money
Maria: ok, thanks! I'll get it too. Just seemed too good to be true
Summary: Jenny doesn't have Revolut, but has heard good things about it. Mel has it and is satisfied with it. Maria will get it. 
Dialogue: Abdi: I'm going into the army next Friday (=_=)
Dante: This fast? (；一_一)??
Dante: Didn't you say you applied for the army service 2 montjs ago?
Dante: 2momths*
Abdi: Normally it takes 6 months...(~_~)
Dante: I know maybe they got some vacancy(~_~)
Dante: It is so sudden😔
Dante: But after 2 years you are gonna become a real man!(^ム^)
Abdi: But we are the only one country divided 2 countries
Dante: Let's hope soon we could be unified 
Abdi: Whether it is unified or not I should serve in army.(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Dante: Cheer up u r gonna be okay
Dante: I'd say the same thing like you are now ﾐΘc_Θ-ﾐ.......
Abdi: I am also worried about my girl friend.🌟🌟🌟
Abdi: I heard a lot about the cases like while guys are serving in army their gfs are looking for other guys.
Dante: Your gf will wait for you till you finish your service.ヽ(´ー｀)ﾉ
Abdi: Who knows? I feel like I am dying already.Σ(゜д゜;)
Dante: Don't worry about what didn't happen yet. Everything would be alright.
Dante: Let's meet up with other guys and drink before you leave
Summary: Abdi will join the army next Friday. Dante is surprised, as Abdi applied for the army service only 2 months ago. Abdi will serve for 2 years for his country, which is divided into 2 countries. Abdi is worried about his girlfriend, as he is unsure if she will wait for him or look for another partner.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi, Pat, do we have classes this Friday?
Pat: No, Mr. Nox has the flu.
Alex: Awesome!
Pat: You're so mean :P
Alex: LOL, I know. But he's probably lying in his bed, all warm and cozy, reading a good book or something. I bet he's happy too that he doesn't have to come.
Pat: Yeah, I don't think he likes us. No teacher does tbh :D
Summary: Alex and Pat don't have classes this Friday as Mr Nox is sick.
Dialogue: Ned: did u take my jacket?? -_-
Liam: yeah xD it looks cool on me
Ned: im gonna beat u to death if it gets a scratch, u know how much i love it
Liam: i know i know, relax
Summary: Liam took Ned's jacket. Ned loves the jacket and doesn't want it damaged. 
Dialogue: Jane: Hi Mel, did you pass you exams?
Mel: i didn't work enough, so... it was'nt a surprise!
Jane: sorry
Mel: No i have to work harder, but i wonder how i'll do to memorize the all year.
Jane: you'll do it, i'm confident
Mel: thanks. i'll show you my program
Jane: when are you coming?
Mel: march 4th to march 8th, if still ok with  you.
Jane: of course it is.
Mel: On the 5th i'll have diner with  my friends from the painting club and on the 6th, i'll meet Victor and his girlfriend.
Jane: fine, we still have a couple of evening together
Mel: But what about your friends coming for the week end? 
Jane: Don't worry, i'll have time to prepare everything.
Mel: Are you sure?  If not, i can postpone my trip
Jane: no way. i wait for you.
Summary: Mel didn't pass the exams. On March 5 Mel will have dinner with friends from painting club and on March 6 she will meet with Victor and his girlfriend. Mel is also planning to meet up with Jane. Jane's friends are coming for the weekend.
Dialogue: Fiona: Can you hang the washing out please.
Fiona: I forgot to do it before I left for work.
Gina: Sure can.
Fiona: And feed the cats.
Gina: Of course.
Gina: Anything else?
Fiona: Nah, that's it. Unless I forgot something else.
Fiona: My brain is like a sieve lately.
Gina: Yeah I noticed :-)
Gina: In the nicest possible way of course.
Fiona: Yeah, I'm really sorry.
Fiona: Really didn't want to bother you but...
Fiona: Thanks for bailing me out hon. xoxo
Summary: Fiona forgot to hang the washing out. Gina will do it. She will also feed the cats.
Dialogue: Stan: wish me luck
Dan: (yn)
Stan: :D
Summary: Dan keeps his fingers crossed for Stan.
Dialogue: Essie: which dress should I wear for that date next week?
Essie: <file_photo>
Essie: <file_photo>
Gabe: imo the second one looks better on you
Gabe: without being too much for a first date ;)
Essie: thx! :*
Summary: Gabe advises Essie to wear the second dress for her date next week. It will be a first date.
Dialogue: Eva: heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy~~
Eva: I'm back home this weekend
Eva: anyone up for something? anything? i miss u guys <3
Jodie: yay! <3 
Claudia: ohhh i cant wait to see you babe
Claudia: how bout we hit the beach?
Jodie: sounds perfect to me!
Eva: i just wanna see you girls <33
Jodie: aww
Jodie: yeah let's go to the beach then
Jodie: I'll get sun cream out!
Claudia: perfect
Eva: i'll let you know as soon as im there!
Claudia: got it
Claudia: want me to ask others if they wanna come too?
Eva: yeah let's make it a party! hahaha
Jodie: I'll ask bradley and tim
Jodie: let's be in touch!!!
Summary: Eva is going back home this weekend and is going to the beach with Jodie and Claudia.
Dialogue: Mia: I'm back!
John: at the airport?
Mia: No! home, home
Terry: wow, great!
Summary: Mia is back home.
Dialogue: Skyler: <file_photo>
Devante: tx
Skyler: is it legible enough?
Devante: yeah it's fine
Devante: thanks
Summary: Skyler sends the photo to Devante. 
Dialogue: Mary: <file_photo> new kitchen :) turned out better than expected!
Rose: Looks gorgeous. So everything is done?
Mary: No really. Still working on the guest bathroom. Have to lay tile etc.
Rose: Have you chosen and bought everything yet?
Mary: Yes, we've had it for months, just haven't got around to working on it...
Rose: And do you have to do it?
Mary: Yes... it's very dated and we're already halfway through anyway
Dan: Kitchen looks very good! Good job you two!
Mary: Thanks, Dad! we're happy too!
Dan: What's the countertop?
Mary: It's quartz. We wanted granite but this is apparently better and less porous. So we will see.
Rose: Looks very shiny. I like the back splash too but I think I would have chosen something darker.
Mary: Darker shows water spots more, apparently.
Summary: Mary shares a photo of her new kitchen with her Dad Dan and Rose. Work on Mary's new house is not finished, they are still working on the guest bathroom. She has already bought all the materials. The countertop in her kitchen is quartz. 
Dialogue: Ania: Hey everyone, what about our weekend plans? I have an idea to go to an Escape Room, anyone has some experiences? ;)
Alicja: I've been a few times, loved it :)
Marta: Cool idea, but only Sunday fits me :(
Alicja: No problem, it can be Sunday
Asia: Sunday is ok :)
Ania: Great :) Which room should we go to? 
Ania: <file_photo>, this is number one in our city
Alicja: I have been there and you can't really repeat those Rooms :p
Asia: What about the one near our high school?
Ania: It has a pretty decent grade, 5th in the city. Been there Ala?
Alicja: No :P
Ania: So it can be that one?
Marta: Yeah :D
Ania: Is 4 ok for everyone?
Alicja: Yep :D
Marta: What is the theme of the room?
Ania: Prison escape :)
Marta: We will be on the wrong side of the law ;)
Asia: Haven't we always been? ;)
Ania: Ok girls, I reserved it. 18:00, lasts for 60 minutes, see you there :)
Summary: Ania, Alicja, Marta and Asia are going to an escape room at 18:00 on Sunday. The room is near their high school and is prison escape themed. Alicja has been to several escape rooms before. 
Dialogue: Melanie: mom, how do i look?
Melanie: <file_photo>
Joanne: You look lovely, Melanie, as always. :)
Joanne: You should definitely buy it!
Melanie: :) thanks, mom
Melanie: do you think that I could wear this dress on Rob's wedding?
Joanne: Of course, honey! Why not?
Melanie: :) thanks for advice, mom!
Summary: Joanne likes the dress that Melanie is trying on and think she could wear it at Rob's wedding. 
Dialogue: Lori: <file_photo>
Lori: this is just an example
Lori: you can customize it or change the pattern
Serena: I would go for something really simple and minimal
Serena: Like black/navy blue letters and some elegant light font
Lori: take a look and tell me which one is the closest to your idea
Summary: Lori has sent Serena a font sample to choose the one closest to her idea. What she would like is black/navy blue letters and some elegant light font.
Dialogue: Akira: hey, im at the airport now. where are you?
Yasujirō: getting out of my cab in a second. are you at the luggage dropoff
Akira: yeah, theres a bit of a line. ill save a spot for you
Yasujirō: thanks. be right there.
Akira: dont forget to lighten your bags before they weigh them. remember how u overpacked last time?
Yasujirō: I should be fine this time.
Akira: Ok
Summary: Akira is at the airport standing in line at the luggage dropoff. Yasujirō is getting out of his cab and will join Akira shortly. Yasujirō overpacked his luggage last time.
Dialogue: Jayson: Hey I am going to Whistler next week
Jayson: Anyone wants to go skiing or 
Jayson: needs a ride? 
Mary: Sure
Mary: Id like to go skiing
Mark: I cant
Mark: Have tones of shit to do 
Mark: I wish I could
Mark: Havent been there a while! 
Jayson: Thats okay
Jayson: You should join us another time
Jayson: Don't get too busy tho 
Mark: I'll try!~ 
Summary: Jayson and Mary are going skiing to Whistler next week.
Dialogue: Eva: <file_video>
Eva: That's the documentary I told you about the other day
John: Yeah... I saw it, creeeepyyyy...
Johann: Creepy and so sad in fact :( 
Eva: The first digital dictatorship is already a fact? :(
Ann: I think it also appeared in John Oliver's show, right?
Eva: Last week tonight? It's great :)
Ann: China banned the show after that episode
Johann: For me, it's the future of most "democratic" countries :( unless we stop it NOW
John: I'm pessimistic too
Summary: Eva sends a link with a political documentary she had already told others about. John, Johann, Eva and Ann are pessimistic about it.
Dialogue: Aline: Ali, where did you put the keys to the basement?
Ali: Oh, I have them with me... Sorry, I forgot to out them back...
Aline: ...
Aline: What time are you coming back?
Ali: 7:00
Aline: Don't do that again, please...
Summary: Aline wonders where Ali left the keys to the basement, and he has them with him. Ali is coming back at 7:00, which Aline isn't happy about. 
Dialogue: Alex: Happy New Year to you and your family!
Walt: Thanks Alex. Happy New Year to you too! Where are you?
Alex: I'm watching the fireworks at Nathan Philip's Square downtown. What about you?
Walt: I'm at home with a bunch of people.
Alex: Ok, have fun and bring in the new year with a bang!!
Walt: Way ahead of you :) Take care
Alex: You too :)
Summary: Walt is celebrating the New Year at home with some people, while Alex is at Nathan Philip's Square.
Dialogue: Jan: I just got a job at wally world!
Dave: Ugh. Hate that place.
Jan: Me too but it's a job!
Summary: Jan got a job at wally world. Dave and Jan both hate this place.
Dialogue: Mirco: So you should arrive at 21.20?
Rushanara: yes, will you come to the station?
Mirco: sure I will
John: great, thanks
Mirco: I can take car2go if you have a lot of luggage
Emma: that would be good
Mirco: ok
Summary: Rushanara will arrive at 21:20. Mirco will pick her up from the station. 
Dialogue: Greg: Hey, have you seen Danielle's new haircut?
Joe: Yeah, pretty eccentric, I'd say.
Meg: She looks like some punk rock rebel. :D
Joe: Well, she still looks good, doesn't she?
Greg: She always does. <3
Summary: Danielle's got a new, eccentric haircut, but she still looks good.
