Dialogue: Jane: Are you going to the swimming pool with me ?
Sandra: No, it's too cold. I am going to get sick. And you George ?
George: Of course I will. With winter coming, I have to make some sport if I don't want to get fat
Jane: Good point George. Don't you think he's right, Sandra ?
Sandra: Fat or not, I don't want to get sick, it is terribly cold now
Jane: Don't exagerate, it's only 10 degrees
Sandra: Exactly what I told you, it's cold
Jane: And seeing George in swimsuit is not enough to make you change your mind :)) ?
Sandra: It's a tempting idea, but still don't want to be chilled because of this f**g swimming-pool
George: Thank you girls for your compliment
Jane: There's no compliment at all
George: But I see the pleasure of seeing me is not strong enough to make Sandra go to the swimming pool with us :)
Jane: Or your musculature not attractive enough!! lol
Sandra: It has nothing to do with it, I just DO NOT want to go to the swimming-pool, OK ?
Jane: Sandra, you're blushing
Sandra: No, I'm not !!!
George: Girls, let's stop arguing. What about going alltogether to the swimming-pool and having a fine dinner afterwards with a hot cup of tea ?
Sandra: OK, good idea with this hop cup of tea !
George: Great ! So see you at the swimming-pool !
Jane: George, you know how to talk to women ;-)
Summary: Jane and George are going swimming. Sandra reckons it's too cold. Sandra is going to the swimming pool and having a hot cup of tea afterwards.  
Dialogue: Candy: did u watch Bohemian Rapshody already?
Val: yes
Candy: is it good?
Val: <3
Val: fantastic!
Val: the story, the music...
Val: everything was extra!
Candy: :D
Summary: Val watched Bohemian Rhapsody and said it's fantastic.
Dialogue: Monica: Wanna buy something for mom's birthday together?
Ross: Yes, that would be perfect, I have absolutely no good ideas this year
Monica: I was thinking about a cooking class
Ross: But she's already a great cook?
Monica: I know but she could try idk mexican cuisine or something more sophisticated italian style
Ross: do you know a good school?
Monica: There's Cook-Up, it's close to mom's
Ross: How much?
Monica: 150
Ross: perfect!
Summary: Monica and Ross want to book a cooking class at Cook-Up for their mother as a birthday gift. The class costs 150. 
Dialogue: Toby: how's new work?
Josh: not bad
Josh: it's been only 3 weeks so far so mostly training stuff
Toby: how about your coworkers?
Josh: didn't have much time to spend with them but they seem alright
Toby: that's good
Josh: can't complain
Josh: comparing with my last work, it's almost heaven
Toby: lucky :P
Toby: let's hope you'll say the same thing in a year
Josh: at least that's the plan
Summary: Josh started a new work 3 weeks ago and he's glad with it so far.
Dialogue: Barry: I need a beer
Steve: you're not the only one
Steve: but why are you telling me this?
Barry: pub?
Steve: that was predictable...
Steve: sure why not
Barry: now?
Steve: 15 min
Steve: need to finish something first
Barry: ok!
Summary: Barry and Steve are going to a pub in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Jay: I am waiting by the Washroom 
Kale: Cant see u
Kale: Oh okay nevermind I see u 
Summary: Jay is waiting for Kale by the Washroom.
Dialogue: Olivier: I'm having a party on Saturday. You're welcome to come!
Drake: Cool.
Pam: I'm sorry, I'm out of town.
Drake: What time should I come?
Olivier: After 9
Drake: Do you want me to bring something?
Olivier: No, thanks. I have everything. 
Summary: Olivier invites Drake and Pam to the party on Saturday. Pam won't come because she's out of town. Drake will appear after 9 pm.
Dialogue: Jeff: guys is there a cinema for adults in Warsaw?
Kasia: what do you mean?
Kasia: there are many cinemas
Mike: I think Jeff meant a sex cinema
Kasia: what?! I don't think there are such things in Poland
Martyna: hahaha, of course there is. It's a very European city
Kasia: what's European about perversion?
Martyna: don't be such a prude
Kasia: Don't call me like this
Jeff: Martyna, where is the cinema?
Martyna: It's close to Poznanska and Hoza
Jeff: is it good?
Martyna: it's not bad, I met there a few nice people
Jeff: would you recommend any particular day?
Martyna: I think on Wednesday there is a gang bang
Jeff: Girls, go with us!
Kasia: sorry, it's not for me. I think I'll leave this group
Martyna: she's left
Martyna: ok, let's go there on Wednesday
Mike: cool!
Summary: On Wednesday Jeff, Mike and Martyna will go to the cinema for adults that is close to Poznanska and Hoza Street.
Dialogue: Mia: should i take the yellow bag?
Harry: no, it's too conspicuous
Mia: so which one?
Jackie: black, of course
Mia: don't like it, but maybe you know better
Summary: In Jackie's opinion, Mia should take the black bag. 
Dialogue: Andrew: When was the last time when you smoked?
Conrad: 2 months ago!
Andrew: That's an achievement! Keep it up!
Summary: The last time Conrad smoked was 2 months ago.
