Dialogue: Kenton: whats ur fav coffee?
Beamer: i like lavazza
Shade: anything that has caffeine in it is good
Kenton: true enough
Beamer: why ask?
Kenton: i got coffee machine from my elders
Beamer: thats cool. a lot depends on the equipment surely
Kenton: its not that good probably. used and all. but certainly requires coffee
Annie: thats good news. youll have finally good coffee now
Kenton: if u tell me what u like
Annie: any arabica should be fine. i like south america best or mexico but no worries
Kenton: sounds more demanding
Annie: not really. u get em anywhere for good price also
Kenton: ok i guess i need to run to the shops b4 theyre closed. thx
Summary: Kenton got a coffee machine from his parents but he's not sure what coffee should he buy. Annie recommends an arabica caffee to Kenton and he's rushing to the shops.
Dialogue: Steve: So how did the LARP go?
Bo: That might take a while. 
Steve: I'm listening. 
Bo: in general it was ok and i don't regret going, but there's a lot of things to work on. Like logistics - there was just chaos at every step before the larp - we didn't know where to go for accreditation, the organizers contradicted themselves several times
Steve: sounds bad
Bo: and there was a several hour delay at the beginning 
Steve: not encouraging
Bo: Yeah, but once it started it got better. You have to give it to them they really put a lot of effort in the props, the set and the costumes for npcs
Steve: any pictures?
Bo: I have several hundred actually, but I have to sift through them, so I'm just gonna upload them in a couple of days 
Steve: ok
Bo: and other players where generally good. Made a couple of friends there actually 
Steve: nice, do they larp outside their area? Maybe they could come to us sometime. We need some fresh blood. 
Bo: yeah, they're definitely interested and I'm pretty sure they have no problem traveling across the country for larps. 
Steve: great to hear
Bo: yeah, anyway there was also a group of orcs - I think they all new each other beforehand - and they were getting shit-faced every night, making lewd comments to girls and generally being assholes to everyone. 
Steve: shit, did you tell the organizers? 
Bo: yeah, I did, quite a few times, and they supposedly talked to them, but it didn't help at all 
Steve: too bad
Bo: if it was my larp I'll just kick them out and ban them from other events right after the first night of this shit
Steve: totally
Bo: And that was another thing I have a problem with - the organizers just weren't assertive enough with them. If a player ruins the game for everyone else you just kick him or her out, simple as that
Steve: You can always give them feedback about all this
Bo: I already did, cause they obviously put a lot of effort into this and just have to fix some things until next year. 
Summary: Bo went to a LARP. There were some mistakes on the organizers' part, but in general it was okay. Bo has pictures from the LARP which he will upload soon. Bo made some friends at the LARP, but a group of players was behaving badly. Bo will give feedback to the organizers. 
Dialogue: Henriette: Did you get the book for the mindfulness course?
Jody: No
Jody: I didn't find it 
Marcia: Me neither
Henriette: There were only 3 copies in the college library 
Henriette: All are gone...
Jody: Crap 
Henriette: I think I will order mine on Amazon
Summary: Henriette, Jody and Marcia didn't get the book for the mindfulness course in the college library. Henriette will order it on Amazon.
Dialogue: Kian: I'm still in class
Denise: I am soooooo hungry
Kian: I finish in 30 mins then when I come back i will cook
Denise: Don't worry
Kian: So if u can, wait, or eat something from the fridge like eggs. There should be a chicken breast in the freezer in a nylon bag. Take it out to defrost please
Denise: I am not gonna be home until 9pm
Kian: Ah ok
Kian: U still at the training? I mean is the training that long?
Denise: 1pm to 9pm
Kian: Wow so I will prepare some to eat when u come back then
Denise: I can't even go to the gym today or tomorow
Kian: Eh
Denise: Nooooooooooooooo
Kian: U will be fine ;)
Summary: Denise is at the training from 1pm to 9pm. Kian is surprised it takes so long. She will cook something because Denise is hungry. 
Dialogue: Alice: What chores do your children do? 
Ben: Lilly makes her bed, puts dirty clothes in the basket, puts toys away, helps with meals.
Poppy: pretty much the same plus they help me with hanging up the washing 
Alice: I just wanna make sure i don't put too much pressure on them.
Ben: i reckon they can do pretty much everything they are capable of.
Alice: yeah, my kids seem to have fun doing chores!
Poppy: oh, and I ask my children to unload the washing machine and dishwasher.
Alice: i have to try these ones too.
Mark: Freddie enjoys doing shopping with me
Poppy: i think this is very important so that they learn it is everyone's responsibility
Mark: it is something we can do together 
Poppy: and it makes them so proud :)
Alice: yeah, i do think it boosts their self-esteem! :)
Ben: definitely, i agree with you 100%.
Summary: Alice wants to know what chores do Ben's and Poppy's children do in order to not put too much pressure on them. Ben, Alice and Poppy agree involving children in household chores is good for them.
Dialogue: Nick: Hey mate, my names Nick, just wanted to know if I could come over and look at the car you have for sale? Cheers
Jean-Paul: After 5pm is good for me, when are you available?
Nick: I'm free after 6 tomorrow
Jean-Paul: Great, I'll see you round 7pm
Nick: Ok
Summary: Jean-Paul will come over to Nick round 7 pm to look at the car he has for sale. 
Dialogue: Vic: Alec, should we bring anything?
Alec: I made French soup with bread so i think it will be enough for starters
Vic: sounds awesome but Maria has celiac desease
Alec: FUCK
Vic: if u added bread she won't be able to eat anything
Alec: Not yet
Max: I'm driving so soup with alcohol won't work for me
Alec: or u can crash at my place
Vic: take a cab instead
Alec: so looks like i fucked up
Vic: it's just people these days have so restricted diets don't worry dude
Max: ok I'll take uber home
Alec: ok see u tomorrow
Summary: Alec has cooked French soup with bread for a party. Vic is coming with Maria, who can't eat bread. Max is coming by car but he's going to take uber back home so he can eat the soup.
Dialogue: Teddy: Are you going to be here on Feb 6?
Ann: possibly
Ann: I haven't bought a ticket yet
Miriam: I'll be "here", you mean Pisa?
Teddy: of course
Sean: yes, I'm in Pisa as well
Teddy: Laura is going to visit
Teddy: I'm renting a car and we're going to Saturnia
Ann: to the hot springs?
Teddy: at least this is the plan
Ann: how nice
Miriam: but what day?
Teddy: we want to avoid crowds
Teddy: so I was thinking about Tuesday
Teddy: what do you think?
Sean: this is a very nice idea
Teddy: you want to join?
Sean: very much, I have to ask my boss first though
Ann: I'll let you know as soon as I've bought the ticket
Miriam: I can't :(
Summary: Laura is going to visit Pisa. Teddy is renting a car and they're going to Saturnia, probably on Tuesday. Sean wants to join but he must ask his boss first. 
Dialogue: Ben: Have you seen the newest Simpsons episode?
Tim: no
Tim: NO SPOILERS
Ben: fine...
Ben: it's a good one
Tim: SHUT UP
Tim: NOT A FUCKING WORD!
Ben: fine
Summary: Ben saw last episode of the Simpsons.
Dialogue: Apollo: Hi how are you guys?
Venus: Hi Apollo. 
Venus: not too good. I've failed my driving test:(
Mercury: oh, thats too bad. Im sorry.
Apollo: Im sorry Venus...
Apollo: did you fail the theory or the practice?
Venus: the theory was a piece of cake.
Venus: I failed the practical driving test.
Venus: the instructor was very strict. I think I just made one mistake, and he said I failed:(
Mercury: oh I see, that must really be painful
Apollo: but they must be quite strict, Im afraid. 
Apollo: it is about safety after all.
Venus: Of course I understand, but Im still very sad and very angry
Mercury: Yeah, I imagine. 
Mercury: but you can take it again soon.
Venus: I guess I need to take a few more lessons first.
Apollo: I have a friend who's a driving instructor, I may ask if he could give you a few lessons
Venus: That would be lovely!
Venus: thanks
Apollo: no problem
Summary: Venus failed her practical driving test. Apollo will ask a driving instructor he knows to give her lessons.
Dialogue: Pauline: Matt, what was that name of that liquor store near our office?
Matthew: "Alcohol Paradise", that one ?
Pauline: Yes!!! Thanks!
Matthew: Why do you need it, any party going on... ? :D
Pauline: Kind of, yeah
Matthew: tell me more!
Pauline: I got a lot of stuff going on, planning a baby shower, and my fiancees 30 birthday...
Matthew: Is Chris 30 already?! That old bastard hahaha
Pauline: Yes, next week, I am planning a surprise party for him
Matthew: soon you will need to start looking for a younger one :D
Summary: Pauline is throwing a surprise 30th birthday party for Chris, her fiancee. She is also planning a baby shower. 
Dialogue: Linda: Hi there, I started to observe you on Insta
Linda: I'd like to book a session
Mia: Hi, thank you :-) can you send me the pic of tattoo you want? or explain the idea?
Linda: The thing is I don't have the ready design
Linda: I think we could figure it out together, what do you think?
Linda: I could send some pinterest inspirations too
Mia: It would be nice
Linda: Let me know about the pricing and I need the Studio address 
Mia: Price depends on the picture and a size
Linda: OK, are you ok with the evening hour? 
Linda: I finish my work at five and could come straight forward
Mia: Cool
Mia: Think a bit more about the design
Mia: Would be easier if You give me the direction at least - botanical, animals, words...?
Linda: Don't worry, we'll manage it together, you'll see
Linda: See you
Summary: Linda will get a tattoo. Mia will prepare a design for Linda and tattoo her. Linda will share some inspiration with Mia as she has nothing concrete on her mind. 
Dialogue: Jay: I'm ready for a coffee. You?
Samantha: Beyond ready. Where?
Jay: SB's is too busy this time of day.
Samantha: Costa?
Jay: Nah, don't like them.
Samantha: Nero?
Jay: Yeah, I guess.
Samantha: We can always push in to SB's.
Jay: Okay. That's fine.
Summary: Samantha and Jay are going to have a coffee at Starbucks. Jay dislikes Costa Coffee.
Dialogue: Michael: I met Jordan yesterday
Xavier: Jordan from our class?
Ceci: I haven't seen him in ages. 
Ceci: How is he doing?
Michael: Apparently very well
Michael: He has recently opened his third restaurant.
Xavier: That's impressive
Xavier: I remember when he was a waiter
Michael: Maybe we should visit one of his restaurants
Ceci: Good idea
Michael: Maybe this weekend
Xavier: Cool 
Michael: I'll talk to him to see where he'll be
Summary: Michael met Jordan yesterday. Jordan is doing well, he has recently opened his third restaurant. Michael, Ceci and Xavier plan to visit one of Jordan's restaurants this weekend. 
Dialogue: Cass: I'm ordering pizza for dinner, anyone wanna chip in?
Drew: I'm out, we're haveing a little date with Cassie
Cass: Sure, how bout ya Braden?
Braden: Yeah I'm in, I'll be home around 9
Mickey: Same here, I'll buy some beers, gotta chill down after work
Cass: Gotcha, I'm gonna order some extras, salad?
Mickey: Crazy man? Just get the pizzas:D
Cass: hahah It won't kill ya, chill
Summary: Cass will order some pizzas and a salad. Mickey is going to buy some beers.
Dialogue: Gabi: What do you guys want for Christmas? Let's say up to $100.
Jack: I need to think about it...
Mary: I want cosmetics. I wouldn't say no to some good skin care.
Kate: I dream about a Kindle!!
Gabi: How about the rest?
Jack: How about yourself?
Gabi: I want a surprise gift. I think you all know me quite well. 
Peter: I need a set of drills. Later I'll pass you the Amazon link.
John: I want new sneakers. Size 10.
Jack: It seems you all thought it through.
John: We do it every year. I was thinking about my gift already in September :D
Jack: That's early! LOL
Jack: Until when should I let you know?
Gabi: In about a week we should all know so we have enough time for online orders etc.
Summary: Mary, Kate, Peter and John want various items for Christmas. Gabi wants a surprise. Jack is unsure what he wants. Jack should let the rest know within a week. 
Dialogue: Boon: Hey Sweettits!
Martha: Don't call me that.
Boon: Just a compliment. Chill. 
Martha: I'm chill. 
Boon: Can I call you Sugarbun?
Martha: No. 
Boon: Bt ur pics are so damn sexy!
Martha: Thank you. 
Boon: So, wanna have sex?
Martha: What?
Boon: Sex.
Martha: No, fuck you.
Summary: Boon proposes sex to Martha. She's not interested.
Dialogue: Carmen: I hate this town!
Lucy: Me too, haha
Elena: What happened?
Carmen: A car almost hit me. And it's been raining for a week now. 
Summary: Carmen has almost been hit by a car it's been raining for a week. She's upset.
Dialogue: Kate: I feel like dancing!
Paul: Wanna hit some clubs 2nite?
Kate: yassss
Paul: Should I gather up the gang?
Kate: Why not, it would be great to go dancing together, it's been ages!
Paul: I think they'll be up to it!
Kate: Perfect! xD
Summary: Paul will join them at the clubs tonight.
