Dialogue: Jake: Any fun plans for your weekend?
Amy: Let's see how Chris is feeling. He's been quite sick. You?
Jake: Oh I am sorry to hear that he has been under the weather. From my end having a dinner party tomorrow night. And I want to go see a movie. Otherwise nothing too crazy.
Amy: Any theme for the party? ;) And what movie?
Jake: No theme, just yummy food and wine. Plus it's cold and rainy so enjoy the fireplace. The movie is Bohemian Rhapsody.
Amy: Ohh we need to get the fireplace going too. And I wanna see the same movie! I've heard it's not so great though. Lacks depth.
Jake: Yeah I read similar reviews. But hey I want to give it a shot. Plus I love the music.
Amy: Yeah, Freddy was a genius so I wanna see it even if for music only.
Jake: Exactly. So how do you keep yourself busy during the days? Reading any good books?
Amy: Really nothing special. I finished the metro 2033 4 5 recently. Not terrible but not great.
Jake: What is that book about?
Amy: Post apocalyptic. Nuclear blast and people are force to move underground. So they live in Moscow subway. It's a bit juvenile but readable. And the franchise got huge. Do you recommend anything?
Jake: Well i recently finished a book called "Sapiens: Brief History of Humankind". I found it to be very interesting and thought provoking. Give it a shot! ;) It's not lite reading but it really makes you think.
Amy: Not sure it will be up my alley but I'll have a look. Usually I just read science fiction, you know that already ;)
Summary: Jake has a dinner party tomorrow night. Jake and Amy want to see the movie 'Bohemian Rhapsody'. They also talk about the books they've recently read. Amy read 'Metro 2033' and Jake - 'Sapiens: Brief History of Humankind'.
Dialogue: Lydia: Hi 😊
Lydia: Wanna dye my hair grey 😀
Martha: Hi Lyd 😊
Martha: Yes, go for it
Martha: Yolo
Lydia: You didn't just say that lol
Martha: For real, do it 😊
Lydia: I will 😊
Summary: Lydia informs Martha that she wants to dye her hair grey. Martha fully endorses the idea.
Dialogue: Nat: Hey, did you see that fb event 'Self-defence for beginners'?
Olivia: Hiya, i saw you're interested, but I didn't click on it
Nat: You should have lol
Olivia: Is it like the first free entry and then you pay monthly?
Nat: I checked, lessons are free 😎
Nat: It's supported by city's funding
Olivia: Cool
Olivia: Let's try it, I always wanted to
Nat: Me too!
Nat: Here you have a link:
Nat: <file_other>
Olivia: Thanks, we'll be invincible!
Nat: I guess we'll be safe eventually.
Nat: See you on Monday then? First class, don't be late!
Olivia: Sure, see ya!
Summary: Nat and Olivia will attend the first class of 'Self-defence for beginners' on Monday. 
Dialogue: Anne: Do you know how to fix a tap?
Heidi: What's wrong with it?
Anne: It's leaking...
Eve: Where?
Anne: From the bottom.
Eve: I would have to see it...
Anne: <file_video>
Summary: Anne's tap is leaking from the bottom and she doesn't know how to fix it.
Dialogue: Cynthia: I have to tell you something.
Hernandez: Of course. Is everything okay?
Cynthia: Yeah, but something happened last night and I really need to talk about it with someone. 
Hernandez: At the party? What happened?
Cynthia: Yeah. So I was dancing and then I decided I wanted another drink. So I went to the bar and ordered a gin tonic. 
Hernandez: Omg. You still drink those? That's so basic. 
Cynthia: Excuse me, can we focus on the story, not the alcohol choices?
Hernandez: Of course, lol. Sorry. 
Cynthia: So I order my drink and I'm waiting for it, when this guy comes up and asks me what I'm drinking.
Hernandez: Omg did you have a one night stand?
Cynthia: Hernandez! Stop interrupting me!
Hernandez: Okay, okay. Continue.
Cynthia: So I'm telling him, when I notice, BEHIND HIM, that Carlos and Richard are making out!
Hernandez: OMG WHAT
Cynthia: Seriously! I didn't know they were gay!
Hernandez: You have got to be joking. Isn't Carlos going out with Alice?
Cynthia: YES EXACTLY. So I don't know what to do. Do I tell Alice?
Hernandez: Omg I don't know. I have literally never been in this situation. This is like something out of a movie. 
Cynthia: You have got to help me. I don't know what to do. 
Hernandez: I'm going to come over. I think this deserves an in-person conversation.
Cynthia: Okay, thanks. I really appreciate it! 
Summary: Cynthia saw Carlos and Richard making out. Cynthia's friend Alice is seeing Carlos so she needs help. Hernandez is going to come over. 
Dialogue: Ali: Who wants to play Scrabble online with me?
Rick: Forget it, you always win! :P
Evan: I can play. I'm fed up with all that studying.
Ali: What are you studying for?
Evan: I have an exam tomorrow.
Rick: Roman law? I should be preparing too, but I've already given up...
Summary: Evan will play Scrabble online with Ali. Evan and Rick have an exam from Roman law tomorrow. Evan was studying but Rick gave up.
Dialogue: Grey: if i had to guess, its you who started the fight
Yuri: hey what do you mean -_- who's side are you on
Grey: hey im on your side, if they want a fight we'll give them one
Yuri: yeah
Grey: but seriously, who started it xD
Yuri: it wasn't me this time
Grey: thank God!
Summary: This time Yuri didn't start the fight. Grey has got Yuri's back.
Dialogue: Jason: Although he is not a good striker with multiple goals but his passion and preservance deserves a respect from all Arsenal fan
Tua: Not good? Lol...
Alfred: He's a good and passionate arsenal player.
Jason: Not good in efficiency
Roger: What is his goals to minutes ratio Jason? Keep to the facts!
Garry: He’s our top scorer in Europa league
Dominic: Stop smoking crack
Summary: He deserves respect from Arsenal fans, because he's a top scorer in Europe.
Dialogue: Connor: hey mom i need you to pick me up from school
Connor: i missed the bus :-(
Mom: why?
Connor: a teacher wanted to talk to me and i lost track of time
Mom: i'm at a meeting i can leave work right now
Mom: you'll have to wait for me
Mom: i can be there in two hours
Connor: TWO HOURS???!?!!
Connor: is it cool if i go to Randall's and you pick me up there?
Mom: that's fine
Mom: you'll have to text me his address
Mom: i have no idea where he lives
Connor: i'll text you that info later
Mom: ok
Mom: i'll be there in around two hours
Summary: Connor missed the bus as he had to talk to the teacher. Mom will pick him up from Randall's in 2 hours. Connor will text Mom the address.
Dialogue: Dan: hazard is on fire, he deserves balon-do-r
Ian: yeah bro
Dan: best player in the world right now
Ian: he surely tops ronaldo and messi at the moment
Dan: haha, so sick
Ian: remember that dribble against Brazil in the world cup?
Dan: Yeah, totally outplayed Neymar
Ian: yeah, he was the catalyst
Dan: i was so sad to see him exit in the semi's
Ian: me too, but respect to france.
Dan: yeah
Ian: the world champions!!!
Dan: they really deserved to win the finals
Ian: yeah, but croatia made their name
Dan: yeah, regardless of all the difficulties the faced against England
Ian: haha, sure
Dan: Anyway, lets enjoy sarriball
Ian: sarri the master!!
Dan: hehe
Ian: haha
Summary: Dan and Ian comment on football games. They like Eden Hazard the most. 
Dialogue: Leon: Are u ready?
Ann: Yes, I am on my way on the airport.
Leon: Great! I'm so excited!
Ann: Just like me! :)
Leon: Hurry up baby!
Summary: Ann and Leon are both very excited. Ann is on her way to the airport.
Dialogue: Brit: Hi, I'm not going to make it  today for sure ;) I will before the New Year's I think, i'll let you know!
Tom: How are you feeling?
Brit: Hamsters' cheek :P Thanks
Tom: swollen?
Brit: si
Tom: oh, its gonna pass soon
Brit: I'm on drugs completely, I could actually start celebrating 2019 today haha
Tom: so there is a bright side of this hehe
Brit: (Y)
Summary: Brit won't make it today, but will before the New Year's. She's got a swollen cheek and is on drugs. 
Dialogue: Henry: I'm sad
Dick: Don't worry
Carl: Be happy! :P
Summary: Henry is down. Dick and Carl cheer him up.
Dialogue: Adrian: Heyyy
Sophie: Hullo
Adrian: So I'm in this shop about to buy the tiles for the kitchen. Any preferences?
Sophie: Yeah
Sophie: To begin with, no patterns at all
Sophie: As for finishing, I'd like them to be polished/shiny
Sophie: Possible colours would include light grey or grayish blue/green
Sophie: But when it comes to colours I'd welcome your suggestions if you see anything you especially like
Adrian: Ok, I'll look around 
Adrian: I'll be looking for like medium-sized square ones. Is that ok?
Sophie: Yer
Adrian: Ok, so here's what I've found:
Adrian: <file_photo>
Adrian: <file_photo>
Adrian: <file_photo>
Adrian: There's not much choice to be frank so I do hope you like some of these
Adrian: You actually can't judge too well from the photos, but to me it seems that the ORANGE ones are the best
Adrian: But that's obviously totally opposite to what you initially wanted
Sophie: Let me think for a while
Adrian: OK
Sophie: Yeah, just grab the orange ones
Sophie: But just one thing
Sophie: Make sure they're not too dark - when they cover a larger surface, the colour always appears darker than on a single tile
Sophie: Will you remember to have a look please?
Adrian: ofc no worries
Sophie: Thanks so much 🧡🧡🧡
Adrian: You're most welcome
Adrian: See you in a bit!
Summary: Adrian will grab the orange tiles on Sophie request. Sophie wants him to make sure they aren't too dark. Adrian will see Sophie in a bit.
Dialogue: Lin: hello
Lin: are you asleep?
Lin: heeeeeelllloooooo
Lin: please dont!
Samuel: what's up?
Lin: are you asleep?
Samuel: yeah, sleepwalking and typing to you
Lin: i suppose you re not
Lin: i'm bored
Samuel: go to bed?
Lin: i cant sleep
Lin: talk to me
Samuel: im tired
Samuel: read some book
Summary: Lin wants to talk to Samuel, but he's very tired and refuses.
Dialogue: Grace: Charlie, do you remember the results of the presidential election 2016 in the state of new york
Charlie: the Empire State chose Hilary of course 
Grace: But I need more detailed results
Charlie: She got almost 60% of votes, in New York County even 87%, the Bronx 89%
Grace: and outside NYC?
Charlie: actually in many counties Trump won
Charlie: This typical division city-countryside 
Grace: I see
Charlie: In Wyoming County he even got around 75% of the votes
Grace: Do you know how are the polls now?
Charlie: not really, I'm not following it, it's too annoying 
Grace: Ok, Ill check it on the internet as soon as I get home
Grace: thanks
Charlie: you're welcome
Summary: Grace needs the details about the Presidential Election of 2016. She will look for more information when she gets home.
Dialogue: Mailer: any good movies?
Oswald: series?
Mailer: no, cinema rather
Scarlett: try the new fantastic beasts. heard it pretty good
Mailer: oh cool thx 
Summary: Mailer wants to go to the movies. Scarlett suggests the new fantastic beasts.
Dialogue: Sophia: What should I get them?
Monica: How should I know?
Sophia: come on help me out
Monica: I dont know really Im bad at buying gifts
Sophia: maybe some day spa gift card
Monica: maybe
Sophia: youre not really helpful :P
Monica: Told ya... bad at gifts
Summary: Sophie doesn't know what to buy for a gift. She wants Monica's help. She is considering buying a day spa gift card. Monica is bad at buying gifts.
