Dialogue: Jack: Hi, do you have time tomorrow?
Martha: hey, sorry, I have a dentist appointment.
Jack: really? again? I think you're avoiding me...
Martha: calm down... it's not my fault I care about my teeth
Jack: but it's so strange that everytime I want to hang out with you, oddly enough you're busy
Martha: trust me... it's a coincidence :)
Jack: so what now?
Martha: Let me think
Summary: Jack wants to hang out with Martha tomorrow, but she has a dentist appointment. He suspects she might be avoiding him.
Dialogue: Angel: Hi I got the job! 
Anna: Wow Congrats
Anna: There you go girl!
Anna: Where you working then
Angel: At the bookstore! 
Angel: On campus
Anna: We gotta meet up 
Anna: So that you tell me more about it
Anna: Ye I might catch ya later on campus! 😘
Summary: Angel has got a job at the bookstore on the campus. She will meet Anna later on the campus to talk about it. 
Dialogue: Steve: Hey, how's the new job?
Miranda: Oh you know... Struggling...
Steve: Really?
Miranda: It's not as easy as it looks in the beginning
Miranda: Actually I'm still in training
Steve: You just need some time to learn
Miranda: I'm going to meet some clients next week
Steve: And the team?
Miranda: OK but I haven't met everyone yet, 2 girls are on holidays
Miranda: And I'm going to meet them on Monday
Miranda: I'll be working with them most of the time
Miranda: The boss is ok, I mean he seems to be a normal person ;)
Steve: That would be appreciated ;)
Miranda: I'm just afraid this is going to be quite boring
Miranda: I hope to travel a lot, there's a chance to get a 3months project in another country
Steve: Great, where?
Miranda: Spain or Germany or US
Miranda: Spain would be my first choice of course ;)
Steve: Madrid? :)
Miranda: Barcelona
Steve: Even better!
Miranda: Yeah... we will see
Steve: Good luck kid, you'll find it easier day by day
Miranda: Thank you :*
Miranda: The truth is that I know it's not a job of my dreams, as you know, but the company is huge and there's a lot of opportunities
Steve: Sure, it's a giant, I hope you like it and have a good team
Steve: This is very important
Summary: Miranda works for a huge company and is still in training. She likes the opportunities the company offers, even though it is not her dream job. Miranda will meet some clients next week and also meet 2 girls, with whom she will work most of the time. She will meet them on Monday.
Dialogue: Sandra: Hi, I was wondering whether Kate and you were interested in going skiing with me this year?
Daniel: Hi!
Daniel: I have no idea. I'll ask Kate. 
Daniel: When are you planning to go?
Sandra: I was thinking of March. 
Daniel: Where?
Sandra: Poland, Slovakia or maybe Italy, if I can organise a bigger group. 
Daniel: Okey, I'll ask Kate and let you know.
Sandra: We'll be in touch! 
Summary: Sandra in planning to go skiing either in Poland, Slovakia or in Italy, if she manages to gather more people. She invites Daniel and Kate to join her. Daniel and Kate will consider it.
Dialogue: Henry: <file_video>
Henry: wanna show me something for the keyboard?
Hector: :D
Hector: what do you want to learn? amelie? :D
Henry: -.-
Summary: Henry wants Hector to show him how to play something on keyboard. Hector is enthusiastic about showing Henry how to play amelie, but Henry does not like this idea.
Dialogue: Nicole: Guess what! I've got a puppy!
Frank: What??? You never mentioned you wanted one!
Nicole: I know but I just met this guy with a bunch of puppies!
Frank: And you bought one?
Nicole: No! He actually gave me one for free. It's not pedigree or anything, but it's just super cute!
Frank: I guess it is. Is it going to be big? Did you see the mother?
Nicole: Nope, but the guy told it's kind of medium big. But dangerously sweet.
Frank: I hope u know what ur doing. Need to run now.
Nicole: Will you come to see Sassy soon?
Frank: Sassy is the name, then?
Nicole: Right. He's so lively and gonna defend me in the future.
Frank: Nics, I see you're going to be hard to bear for a couple of weeks.
Nicole: Why?
Frank: Just a gut feeling. Anyway, I'll come and see your Sassy 2moro.
Nicole: OK. We're looking forward to seeing you!
Frank: Yeah, I guess. Bye for now. 
Summary: Nicole took in a puppy and named it Sassy. According to the previous owner he is going to be medium big. Frank will come and see Nicole's puppy tomorrow.
Dialogue: Sally: best pizza in Exeter please?
John: Rosario
Ben: Carluccio's
Sarah: Domino's
Maddie: Perfect Pizza!
Sally: thanks all
Summary: John, Ben, Sarah and Maddie give Sally pizza recommendations in Exeter.
Dialogue: Evelyn: So! How was the Netherlands?
Joyce: I'm so glad I went! We should've met up again sooner, I forgot how fun it was to hang out with Emma.
Joyce: I was a little nervous because we hadn't seen each other for such a long time...
Joyce: I thought we might have nothing to talk about, you know how different it is from talking online
Evelyn: Can't send links to cute or funny videos, haha
Joyce: Exactly
Joyce: So I was uncertain at first, but we had a blast!
Evelyn: I'm really happy to hear that! Did you spend time at her place or...?
Joyce: The weather was lovely, so we went for a little stroll and stopped by a charming little cafe
Joyce: I really loved the atmosphere, it was so cosy. I don't know any places like that here
Evelyn: If you looked, you'd probably find something, but yeah
Evelyn: The Netherlands sounds nice, I wish I could go there sometime, too!
Summary: Joyce visited Netherlands to meet up with Emma after long time. They spent great time together on the stroll and in a cosy cafe.
Dialogue: Harper: I'm cooking pad thai. You're welcome to come over
Sean: Oh great. I'm so hungry
Joe: I've never tasted pad thai. Thanks Harper :-)
Summary: Harper invites Sean and Joe to try the pad thai he's making.
Dialogue: Max: where did you go today??
Hannah: ah im sorry I felt bad and needed to go home 
Max: ahh no why?
Hannah: idk a little shaky and had a headache 
Max: :( what you get on ur paper?
Hannah: not good
Max: :((( im sorry
Hannah: yeah well I still passed so its ok 
Summary: Hannah went back home because she was not feeling well. 
Dialogue: Josh: Hair straightener anyone? Someone left it behind.
Jada: Melanie would appreciate it! But Hannah, if u want it, it's fine. Mel will cry, but you can take it!
Hannah: No. She can have it. 😂😜
Melanie: Hannah, I can get mine in October no worries! You have more hair 😂😂
Hannah: 😂😂 first come first served. It's OK
Josh: I'll put it in the car for the highest bidder then
Summary: Someone left a hair straightener behind at Josh's. Hannah is fine with Melanie taking it. Melanie can get one in October. Josh will put it in the car for the highest bidder.
Dialogue: Peter: can i ask you a simple question
Drury: sure
Peter: who is the best, messi or ronaldo?
Drury: haha, a tricky one
Peter: always a tricky question
Drury: both players are marvelous
Peter: but choose one
Drury: ill go with messi
Peter: why?
Drury: because he is a magician and an artist
Peter: that i agree, but i would prefer ronaldo
Drury: ahaaa, i know you are a fan of cr7
Peter: always been
Drury: i like the Goat too
Peter: haha
Summary: If Drury had to choose, he would pick Messi as the best player. Peter would choose Ronaldo.
Dialogue: Lucille: But first I will go for another erasmus program next year hopefully.
Skyler: Hmm ok. What country ?
Lucille: Probably italy again because they offer me 10 month long staying
Skyler: Torino again ?
Lucille: Or 5 months in Malta or 5 months in Belfast. I will be choosing between those 3. Because I don't speak Spanish to go to Spain or french to go to France. Pavia this time in italy
Skyler: Oh ok
Lucille: But I would have to practice my Italian because I will have to study in this language. But no time for this because of studies
Skyler: Haha so what then? What will you do
Lucille: I don't know. I still have time
Skyler: Ok
Summary: Lucille went to Torino for her Erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year. She is considering a 10-month stay in Pavia in Italy, or a 5-month stay in Malta or Belfast. She does not want to go to Spain or France.
Dialogue: Alexander: Does anyone of you know a good product designer?.. I mean physical products..
Ken: if i can think of one I'll let you know
Cindy: Actually, my friend is one, check out his website <file_link>
Summary: Alexander is looking for a good product designer. Cindy's friend is a product designer. Cindy sends Alexander a link to his website.
Dialogue: Michael: i am so mad at her right now afff
Maria: you should let her explain
Michael: what's to explain? She cheated on me, I am done
Maria: maybe that's just a misunderstanding...
Michael: no it's not, Mike saw them kissing in the hallway
Maria: are you sure? it does not seem like her... that's impossible
Michael: well and yet it happened, screw her I am not gonna be some idiot chasing here if she does not appreciate it...
Maria: you should cool off and talk to her about it...
Michael: talk to her my ass... i am packing her stuff !!!!!!
Summary: Michael's not going to be with her anymore as she cheated on him.
Dialogue: Eva: Hi! :) What are you doing?
Barbara: Hey :) Currently I'm binge-watching "Say Yes To The Dress". Wanna drop by?
Eva: I can't, there's no lift in your block.
Barbara: So...?
Eva: I've broken my leg, remember?
Barbara: <facepalm>
Barbara: Sorry, I totally forgot about it.
Barbara: So maybe I could drop in on you?
Eva: Well, that's exactly what was on my mind. :)
Barbara: Great, I'll be in half an hour. :>
Eva: Are we watching "Say Yes..." or something else? I could download something while you're on your way.
Barbara: How about "RuPaul's Drag Race"?
Eva: What's that?
Barbara: Oh, come on, you had to hear about it! It's a competition for drag queens hosted by RuPaul.
Barbara: It's bomb.com!!!
Eva: Hmm, sounds good, but, I don't know, I think I'm in the mood for "Dr. Phil".
Barbara: Ugh, we always watch "Dr. Phil". :p
Barbara: He's such a bore, he always uses the same phrases and tells the same jokes. :p
Eva: You are watching "Say Yes To The Dress"!! It's the most repetitive programme that has ever been created!
Eva: Talk about the pot calling the kettle black! :p
Barbara: Ok, ok. :d
Barbara: But what are we watching?
Eva: "Something borrowed, something new"?
Barbara: YASSSS! :D
Summary: Eva's broken her leg. Barbara will be at Eva's place in thirty minutes. They will be watching "Something borrowed, something new".
Dialogue: Riley: I burned dinner, could you pick up some chinese?
Luke: sure
Riley: thanks. sorry!
Luke: :*
Summary: Luke will bring Chinese food for dinner.
