Dialogue: Penny: Hello Sam, sorry i forgave to answer for the party next saturday. We're still in if you've got room enough for the late answerers.
Sam: Hello Penny, with pleasure. Can you bring some sweeties for dessert. Are you going to the museum on friday?
Penny: thanks et sorry no museum for me this time
Penny: are you free for a sparking drink tomorrow evening?
Sam: sorry, we're already invited. Another time. 
Penny: we'll meet on saturday anyway
Sam: Hi Penny, i haven't see your name on the list for the teens's activities  on saturday - before the party - Do you want me to give a lift to your son?
Penny: oh, great , i was on the point of asking you, because i don't have the car on saturday. What time are you expecting him?
Sam: 9.15 am, as I have first to go and pick up Herman to a friend
Penny: finally i've got the car. Do you want me to go and pick up some other kids. Or bring them back home?
Sam: No thanks, i'll manage
Penny: Thanks a lot
Sam: I'm sorry to ask you this, but could you move the party to some other date, my other guests are not available on saturday! Sorry sorry, but would it be ok for you in two weeks?
Penny: don't worry, it' s ok for us. I'll note it right now
Sam: Thanks so much
Penny: by the way how was the museum this morning?
Sam: very interesting. But our guide was such a pain
Penny: really?
Sam: yes she couldn't speak clearly and his german wasn't so good. So we all get bored, and wandered around looking by ourselves
Penny: too bad
Sam: luckily we had lunch in a very cosy restaurant with the girls.
Penny: oh nice. 
Summary: Penny will come to Sam's party. Sam will go to the museum on Friday. Penny won't. Sam will give a lift to Penny's son. Penny will move her party by two weeks at Sam's request. Sam's guide on the museum tour was hard to understand. Sam had lunch at a nice restaurant later. 
Dialogue: Justin: Ella, Ed was asking what age u were 😏
Nicole: Ouh... nice one
Patrick: 25 😃
Ella: Thanks Patrick!! Did you tell him the real truth Justin? And that I've had a tough paper round!
Justin: He reckons you and him may have hooked up in Donegal in a pub, back in the old days... He said u looked very familiar 🙄🤔😂
Nicole: No way! 😱
Patrick: Wishful thinking I reckon 😃😘
Ella: Which part looked familiar?? 😂😜 Whilst you wouldn't believe it now, I was often leading the skinny dippers in for a midnight swim after a visit to the local pub!
Justin: No, I think we'd believe it
Ella: Hah. I was a bad lady 😝
Summary: Ed asked about Ella's age, as he thinks they might have become intimate once in a pub in Donegal. Ella admits she often used to take people for a late night swim after visiting a pub in that area. 
Dialogue: Tess: What should I bring to the party?
Kaila: People bring a lot of food, but we’re still short of cookies!
Tess: I see, I’ll think what I can do ;)
Kaila: I’ll have types of alcohol so don’t be concerned about that :D
Tess: Looks like the best party even in our department ;p
Kaila: Sure!
Summary: Tess should bring some cookies to the party, no need to bring any alcohol as Kaila has plenty.
Dialogue: Bryan: My mum didn’t take it very well
Ora: I’m not surprised tbh
Bryan: Why are you all so hysterical about it
Ora: Sth may happen to you!!!
Bryan: It won’t, ok? I’ll know what I’m doing.
Ora: It doesn’t matter!! You can just have a bad luck
Bryan: Are you done? I’m sick and tired of listening to everyone saying the same damn thing
Ora: People worry about you, is it such a bad thing?
Bryan: You’re all freaquing me out!!
Ora: You should stop pretending that you’re not scared.
Bryan: I’m nor pretending, I’m just not!
Ora: Yea, keep saying that to yourself…
Bryan: You’re impossible, I won’t talk to you about it anymore!
Ora: Typical… Just take care of yourself, pleaseeee
Bryan: I will, just leave me alone x.x
Summary: Bryan is fed up with everyone worrying about him and wants to be left alone.
Dialogue: Logan: sup?
Caleb: Hi! Do you know anyone, who's looking for a flatmate?
Caleb: You won't believe this, this dude, who's been living in Mike's room for two weeks now, is just as dirty as Mike.
Logan: no way, another stinky flatmate?
Logan: man, you have rly bad luck with people you live with
Caleb: I know!!! This guy hasn't taken a shower yet. IN TWO WEEKS!!! He doesn't do the dishes and he brings home some really (I mean REALLY) weird people
Logan: some more shtunks? :D
Caleb: It's not funny! I can't stand it!!! I'm just desperate to move out.
Logan: ok, ok, sorry
Logan: actually i know a girl who's looking for a flatmate. and definately she's not a scruff
Logan: do you want me to call her?
Caleb: YES PLEASE
Logan: she's a decent human being, she's had some similar experiences with flatmates with so you should get along with her
Caleb: I hope so!
Caleb: I'm so fed up with stinky flatmates, constant mess and weirdos walking around my flat.
Caleb: naked
Logan: naked?!
Caleb: yes...
Logan: how do you find all these wackos?
Caleb: Craigslist. I know, my bad.
Logan: i mean... man, you asked for it. craigslist is a weird place one the internet
Logan: have you heard about the craigslist killer?
Caleb: Who's this?
Logan: <file_other>
Caleb: Ok, I'm not using Craigslist anymore.
Summary: Caleb needs to find an apartment. His recent flatmate is negligent of hygiene. Logan knows a girl who is looking for a flatmate. Caleb used to find his flatmates on Craigslist.
Dialogue: Harry: Hey, got myself a brand new spanking trailer!
Rod: Where'd you get it?
Harry: At Old Yeszer's last Sunday
Rod: Awesome, you know I'll come calling if I need it :)
Harry: Like with all my stuff :) 
Rod: That's what friends are for.
Summary: Harry has bought a new trailer. Rod frequently borrows things from Harry.
Dialogue: Gerald: anybodys ben to ted's wedding?
Whistler: i wasnt invited. plus i dont give a fuck
Jamison: same thing. i dont think he even mentioned that anyway
Mel: well he did say he was getting married but u sure it was this weekend?
Newell: Geralds right. wedding was on fri
Gerald: you went newls?
Newell: nope. guess what? i was not invited 
Whistler: the staggie was secret too
Jamison: u think its the lady? mels bloody difrent now
Mel: cheers mate
Jamison: i mean ted sry
Mel: not gonna get tied any time soon no worries
Newell: seems like nobody been there anywa
Gerald: if no1 was invited ...
Whistler: and most had not the slightest idea
Gerald: ur right
Summary: Whistler, Jamison, Newell, Gerald and Mel were not invited to Ted's wedding. Mel is not going to get married anytime soon.
Dialogue: Carol: Hi Dee I have the paperwork from the bank
Dee: ok I will be round after work to look at it what does it say
Carol: it says that they will close the account on the 16th Jan
Dee: oh well at least we can sort out another business account now
Carol: yes
Dee: why didn't Vince take their names off when they went to sort it out before court?
Carol: I dont know
Dee: this does my head in
Carol: I know
Dee: its like i'm constantly waiting for something else to happen
Summary: The paperwork says the bank will close the account on the 16th January. Vince didn't take their names off the account.
Dialogue: Billy: Did you hear that Louis got sacked?
Janice: what? No?
Billy: what is more
Billy: he was caught embezzling!
Janice: srsly? I can't believe it!
Janice: Good old Louis?
Billy: Exactly, not so good anymore XD
Summary: Louis got sacked because he got caught embezzling.
Dialogue: Debbie: hi, we're on our way, but we need another 10 minutes
Chris: no rush, the other guests didn't arive yet either
Debbie: see you in a bit!
Chris: 😁
Summary: Debbie will see Chris in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Joe: hey love
Joe: i really cant stop thinking about yesterday
Kendy: haha, stop messing with me, it was just a normal kiss
Joe: no, it wasnt normal, it was lit
Kendy: haha😁💕
Joe: when will we meet again?
Kendy: whenever you want?
Joe: so if i said right now you'd come?
Kendy: haha, no!
Joe: haha, i thought you said whenever
Kendy: yeah i know, bu sunday will be perfect
Joe: okay then, sunday lunch it is
Kendy: okay dear
Summary: Joe can't stop thinking about yesterday's kiss with Kendy. They will see each other for Sunday lunch.
Dialogue: Susan: Can't wait to get home and hug youuu.
George: Me too babe :)
Susan: I'm leaving early today, almost finished with work.
George: I'll be waiting for you
Susan:😚
Summary: Susan is leaving work early and she cannot wait to hug George at home.
Dialogue: Lilly: amber and hugh are going to a concert tonight
Lilly: and didn't invite me!!! should i feel insulted?
Heather: of course not
Heather: they just started dating
Heather: you can't expect them to invite you everywhere
Lilly: i guess you're right
Lilly: i don't want to be the third wheel
Heather: exactly
Heather: why don't you come to the movies with me?
Heather: a bunch of my friends from high school are going
Lilly: thanks for the invite
Lilly: i'd love to
Summary: Amber and Hugh didn't invite Lilly to go with them to a concert tonight. Heather invites her to go to the cinema with her and her high school friends instead.
Dialogue: Catherine: I thought about what you said before and I think you're right 
Rebecca: why such a change of mind?
Catherine: I run into an old friend of mine
Catherine: and seeing how he changed made me realized that I'm doing nothing with my life
Rebecca: you shouldn't worry that much about it
Rebecca: as long as you're aware of it
Catherine: yeah but we were growing up together, same school, same friends
Catherine: he's already married, two children
Catherine: and look at me
Catherine: still single, still partying
Rebecca: don't go from one extreme to another :)
Rebecca: nobody is forcing you to get married or have children
Rebecca: find the right balance :)
Catherine: easy for you to say
Catherine: Paul is keeping you in check :P
Rebecca: that's because I let him do it
Rebecca: otherwise I'll be going out with you all the time :P
Catherine: you never complained in the pass
Rebecca: because it was fun!
Rebecca: still is, just maybe not every other night :P
Catherine: very funny :P
Catherine: maybe I need a new hobby to get me occupied
Catherine: sometimes I feel that I'm going out just to kill boredom
Rebecca: we'll work something out :)
Catherine: I hope so :)
Summary: Catherine wants to change her lifestyle.
Dialogue: Blair: Who do you think will win the Laliga?
Coen: I think Real Madrid would
Blair: Why do you think so?
Coen: Well they have a been performing good since the beginning
Blair: But they dont have Ronaldo now
Coen: Ummmm :/
Blair: What about Barcelona
Coen: Yeah, they have pretty much chances as well
Blair: You are sayin because of Messi, right?
Coen: But they have other good players as well
Blair: Like?
Coen: Luca Modric and Bail
Blair: Yeah they are amazing
Summary: Coen believes Real Madrid will win the Laliga but Blair is skeptical since Ronaldo is no longer with this team. They think FC Barcelona also has chance to win since they have good players too.
Dialogue: Henrik: guess what your mother textd me
Emily: i don't trust that woman lol
Emily: what did she send you????
Henrik: PICTURES OF YOU AS A CHILD!!!
Henrik: HAHAHAHAHAHA
Henrik: that's an evil laugh btw
Emily: oh no oh no oh no oh no
Emily: pleaseeeeeeee don't send them to anyone else
Emily: please don't!!!!
Henrik: hahhaha don't worry about it
Henrik: you were adorable… what happened to you?
Emily: oh shut up
Summary: Emily's mother sent old pictures of Emily to Henrik.
Dialogue: Kevin: Happy Birthday buddy. You going to be back this away anytime soon?
Simon: Thanks mate, I'm hoping to get over later on in the year but it all depends on work over here.
Kevin: Cool! Was going to say if you were here around the 26th you could come to the wedding.
Simon: I did see you was getting married soon, I wondered where my invite was lol,
Kevin: No way, yo didn’t get it?
Simon: Sure, just kidding 😊
Simon: I wish I could have been over there and would have been honoured to have been a part of your big day, Hopefully I'll get over later on in the year and I'll make sure I pop and see you and your new bride. 
Simon: All the best to you both and take care bud!
Kevin: Thank you.
Summary: Kevin wishes happy birthday to Simon. Kevin'd like to see Simon at his wedding but Simon's not sure about the exact date of his return. Simon promises to visit Kevin and his wife as soon as he's back.
Dialogue: Perry: why is no one here
West: what
Perry: i've been waiting for like 15 mins
West: were we supposed to meet today?
Perry: yeah duuuuh!!
Henry: Perry, I thought it was Tuesday
Perry: no, you said November 8th
Henry: no, I said Tuesday at 8!!
West: wtf hahahahha
Perry: great... xd i froze my ass off
Henry: i am so sorry :(
West: Perry, do you know how to read?
Perry: ok i'm an idiot
Summary: Perry has been waiting 15 min as he was supposed to meet with West and Henry. In fact, they said Tuesday at 8 instead of November 8th. Perry admits it's his fault. 
Dialogue: Mary: how are you?
Tom: not bad, almost finished at the office
Tim: so we're meeting at Olimp at 6?
Mary: I haven't known we're going to meet tonight
Tim: now you know!
Mary: hahah, ok
Summary: Tom is almost finished at the office. Tim wants to meet tonight at Olimp at 6. Mary didn't know about his plans.
Dialogue: Dean: where are you?
Daniel: home
Daniel: why?
Dean: cause im waiting for you for 15 minutes?!
Dean: we planned to swim a little today
Daniel: oh i have completely forgotten
Daniel: im coming
Summary: Dean and Daniel planned to go for a swim today. Dean has already been waiting for 15 minutes, because Daniel has forgotten about it and is still home.
Dialogue: Nina: Did you buy a mirror?
Tobias: yes, the big one!
Scott: was on offer!
Nina: in IKEA?
Scott: yup!
Summary: Scott and Tobias bought a big mirror on offer in Ikea.
Dialogue: Crystal: i heard you wake up at 4:30 am every single day to do crossfit
Crystal: is that true?!?!?!
Arthur: yes! and i love it :-D
Crystal: aren't you tired of that?
Arthur: i can't imagine starting my day any other way
Summary: Arthur does crossfit every single day at 4:30 am.
Dialogue: Caleb: so what about the trip? u coming?
Elizabeth: yes!!
Elizabeth: we gave the list today but Ms Smith wasn't there
Caleb: so who did you give it to?
Elizabeth: a teacher, he teaches French, i guess
Caleb: tall, kind of bald?
Elizabeth: yeah that's him
Caleb: ok. finally something certain;)
Elizabeth: feels good to be sure at last we're going SOMEWHERE!:) 
Caleb: :) 
Summary: Caleb and Elizabeth are going on a trip. Ms Smith was absent, so Caleb and they gave the list to a French teacher.
Dialogue: Fanny: where are you?!!! why are you not here at the office??!?!
Jay: i overslept -- i'm really sorry!!!
Fanny: WHAT?!?!? ARE YOU BEING SERIOUS?!?!?
Jay: yeah i'm sorry
Fanny: UNBELIEVABLE
Fanny: the meeting can't start without you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: we've been preparing this for months!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: HOW CAN YOU NOT BE HERE?!?!?!
Jay: i'm getting ready, trust me, I'll be there soon
Fanny: HURRY UP!!!
Jay: i'll be there in no time
Fanny: GET - HERE - FAST!!!!
Fanny: everyone is starting to get antsy
Fanny: and i've run out of things to say
Jay: if you stop texting me i'll get there faster
Jay: just let me get ready, i'll hop in the car and go
Fanny: ok i'm gonna stop texting
Fanny: just get here FAST!!!
Summary: Fanny is very upset with Jay oversleeping on the day of the big meeting. Everybody is waiting and Jay is rushing over. 
Dialogue: Jimmy: Fred, we need to finish the offer asap
Jimmy: when can we expect your part?
Fred: I'm double checking it at the moment
Fred: give me 15-20 minutes
Jimmy: alright, just send it when ready
Summary: Fred will have his part of the offer ready in 15 to 20 minutes and send it to Jimmy.
Dialogue: Bianca: heyyy, wanna meet up? like in the afternoon?
Alice: i was just leaving. i'm going to the mall. wanna join me?
Bianca: shit, i have something right now. but we can meet after that.
Alice: sure, so maybe catch me up then? :) we can go grab a coffee
Bianca: ok, i should be done at bout 3pm. should I call you when i'll be leaving?
Alice: Cool
Bianca: <file_gif>
Alice: where do you have the thing
Bianca: buy yourself smth nice in the mall :) downtown
Alice: ooooh
Bianca: bu that's ok, I can find you.
Alice: take a tram, will be quicker :)
Summary: Bianca and Alice are going to meet for a coffee at the mall at 3pm. 
Dialogue: Amy: How are you doing?
Janet: I’m ok, not great
Janet: Had to be in court yesterday
Janet: My parents are getting divorced.
Amy: How did it go?
Janet: It was extremely stressful, but after all neither my sister nor me had to testify.
Janet: I’m pissed at the lawyer. She could have told us. 
Janet: It would have saved us a lot of stress. 
Amy: So it was only your mum and dad testifying?
Janet: Yes.
Janet: My father said that my mum broke into his email and wrote false emails with all his “lovers”
Janet: The judge said he had never heard such an absurd
Amy: So it went well for your mum?
Janet: We don’t know yet
Janet: There will be a mediator that will help them to reach an understanding.
Janet: So it can still take quite some time until my mum gets her freedom.
Amy: I see. Probably a few months.
Janet: I don’t know.
Janet: I will let you know.
Amy: I know it’s not easy. My parents also got divorced. 
Janet: It’s not easy, but it will be better for my mum. 
Summary: Janet was in court yesterday. Her parents are getting divorced. Neither she nor her sister testified. There's no sentence yet and there will be a mediator. It will probably take a few months. Amy's parents also got divorced. 
Dialogue: Melanie: You mentioned this chutney with green tomatoes yesterday. Have you got a recipe? Have you ever prepared it?
Tracy: Hi Melanie! It was delicious. We had with venison at my daughter's. No, I've never prepared myself, she did. Amelia.
Melanie: Do you think she'd share the recipe?
Tracy: Oh I'm sure she will. She'll be proud to. Shall I ask?
Melanie: Please do! I'd appreciate it.
Tracy: Hi Melanie, just talked with Amelia. She said the green tomato chutney is just like any other chutney, only you add green tomatoes. That's it.
Melanie: How about proportions? How much tomatoes and how much onion and other ingredients?
Tracy: I think she said tomatoes come instead of 1/4 of apples.
Melanie: So it's not only tomatoes?
Tracy: Of course not. It would be just bitter. I think.
Melanie: Do I have then to pre-prepared the tomatoes? I suppose they're quite bitter when green.
Tracy: You're right. I'll ask her.
Melanie: Maybe she's got a recipe written down or something?
Tracy: Sorry for not answering at once! So busy now. So I asked Amelia about green tomatoes for chutney and she said she didn't as you say pre-prepare them. But they are always her own tomatoes, from the garden, and she has these sweet cherry tomatoes.
Melanie: A! That makes a whole lot of difference! So I'm afraid I can't imitate her recipe :(
Tracy: She's send me a link to BBCFood. They have wonderful things there. I'll forward it to you.
Tracy: <file_link> Green Tomato Apple Chutney.
Tracy: But look! They have tomatoes and apples half and half. Different than Amelia's. But I'm sure it'll be good as well.
Melanie: Thanks a lot. I'll have a look at it.
Melanie: One more small thing: does Amelia take lemon and orange zest??
Tracy: I don't think so. No. I would've tasted that. No, definitely not.
Melanie: Great thanks Tracy! Off to the kitchen then!
Tracy: Good luck!
Summary: Melanie is preparing Green Tomato Apple Chutney following the BBCFood link Tracy send her.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey Maddy!
Madeleine: Hey Alice, what's up?
Alice: Did you hear about the opening of the new store?
Madeleine: You mean that clothing boutique at Day's Time Av.?
Alice: Yup, that's the one.
Madeleine: Yeah, I received their ad in the mail.
Alice: Apparently they offer all the latest collections.
Madeleine: They sell the warmest scarves and amazing coats.
Madeleine: Lucy just bought one for the winter season and it's so cozy.
Alice: Yeah, they also have decent prices.
Madeleine: And the shop assistants are very friendly and helpful.
Alice: Let's go next weekend and check it out! :)
Madeleine: Great idea :)
Summary: Alice and Madeleine will go together to check out the new clothing boutique at Day's Time Av. next weekend.
Dialogue: Anna: Do you know that our cafe has vanished?
Sarah: What do you mean 'vanished'?
Anna: Vanished! Into thin air! :-(
Anna: <file_photo>
Sarah: I can't believe it! :-(
Anna: I don't get it! There were always so many people. It was so nice and cozy...
Sarah: Do you think it's about some financial issues?
Anna: No idea. Actually, it doesn't matter what the issue was. What's important is that it isn't there any more :-(
Sarah: We need to find another place for our meetings.
Anna: That won't be a big deal. There are plenty of them in the city centre. But I feel really sorry about this one.
Sarah: Me too. And I'm completely surprised.
Anna: The windows are blackened now. There's no information on what's going to be installed there. Maybe another cafe? The place was really convenient for both of us.
Sarah: Let's wait and see.
Anna: Yeah...
Summary: Anna and Sarah are sad because their favourite cafe does no longer exist.
Dialogue: Tom: Hi!! any plans for the weekend?
July: hello there 
Tom: so? what are you up to ;)
July: Not much, really, work mostly 
Tom: so you don't have time to meet up?
July: no, sorry ...
Tom: Maybe dinner today? My treat!
July: oh ... today I'm meeting with my grandparents and then back to work 
Tom: I see ...
July: I'm really sorry!
Tom: No, no worries
July: We should meet next week, I'm gonna make sure I have time for you!
Tom: Ok, but you know, if you don't want to hang out, I get that ... :(
July: It's not that! Don't be silly!
Tom: So what is it then???
July: I'm really stressed out, so many things to do ...
Tom: Ok, I believe you
July: Good.
Tom: Well then let's arrange a meeting next week
July: Ok, how about Wednesday?
Tom: Sure, Wednesday it is then!
July: Great :)) See you!
Summary: Tom invites July to dinner, but she already has a meeting with her parents. She suggests they should meet next week. Tom is feeling insecure about July and is not sure if she wants to see him. They end up on planning a meeting on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Father: Hi Brian, could you pick up Danny on your way to FR? Say at 15:45?
Father: I've tried to call you but your phone is offline or something.
Brian: Hi dad, I was jogging. Didn't get calls. Sure we'll pick her up.
Summary: Brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call. At his dad's request, Brian will pick up Danny around 3.45 pm on his way to FR.
Dialogue: Pea: Hey! Have you just phoned Tina?
Andro: No. Why?
Pea: She's just phoned me and was sweetness and light. Can't believe it!
Andro: You see! You shouldn't have worried.
Pea: I always do. So everything's fine.
Summary: Tina called Pea and was kind. 
Dialogue: Geoff: Will you bring in the report Steve gave on emerging trends?
Sara: Sure, right away.
Geoff: And a coffee?
Sara: Already got it!
Summary: Sara will bring Geoff Steve's report on emerging trends and a coffee.
Dialogue: Jordan: and so do you have time for me?
Savannah: it was a nice meeting but i think that's not what i'm looking for...
Jordan: ok so what are you looking for?
Savannah: it's just not what i want
Jordan: ok just tell me what you want. I know it is not me
Savannah: why u asking about that?
Jordan: i just want to know. that is all
Savannah: no need for that. that's just not what i want...
Summary: Savannah had a nice meeting with Jordan but she's looking for something else.  
Dialogue: John: Hello everyone! I’m thinking about buying a cross trainer. Does anyone of you have any experience in using it at home? Could you maybe recommend me something?
Anna: Hi John! I bought my first cross trainer a couple of years ago and I have been using one ever since. The type of the machine greatly depends on your built and how much many you would like to spend.
John: My budget is quite limited as is the space in my living room…
Michael: I’d advise you to first measure the room to know how big the machine can actually be for you to exercise comfortably and effectively.
Tom: Waste of money, most expensive cloth hanger
John: Hahaha, I hope it won’t be in my case. I’m quite determined to lose some weight. I’m tall and a bit overweight, so I worry that I may break the machine
Anna: Don’t worry about that. It shouldn’t be a problem, but have a look at the specs just in case.
Michael: When it comes to the price, cheaper models don’t have as many electronic options as the more expensive do, but I’d advise you to invest in it if you’re being serious about losing weight.
John: Why’s that?
Michael: You can always exercise with your phone and an app, but it’s not the most comfortable way (tried it myself). It’s good to have at least three preinstalled programmes like weight-loss, interval, etc. Then the machine will think for you.
Anna: My first cross trainer didn’t have such options and I must admit that I was also training with my phone and keeping my times. Now, when the old broke, I bought a “fancier” model and I definitely don’t regret it
John: Do you have any company you can recommend? Or a specific model?
Susan: I have OBE8731 Powerstride 18" Rear Drive and I think it’s ok.
Anna: I think that in case of cross trainer it really goes down to the price range. You won’t be able to buy a really good equipment cheaply.
Michael: I agree, especially if you’re determined and interested in your scores. It may sound silly, but I think tracking your progress helps to lose weight.
John: Thank you so much for your advice! I can’t spend too much, but I don’t want to throw my money away on something that won’t serve me…
Anna: Sure, again, in my opinion it is a thing worth investing in. Look up some tutorials and exercise plans in Google, it will also help you out to achieve your goal.
Michael: Good luck!
Summary: John wants to buy a cross trainer but he has both a limited budget and space for it. His friends advise him to invest in more expensive machine if he's determined to achieve his goals.
Dialogue: Patric: Auuu!!
John: Auu auuuuu!!!
Patric: What are you up to?
John: goin to fish for some fish, if you know what I mean haha
Patric: market square?
John: exactly, wanna join?
Patric: you know me xD 
John: 9PM, as always
Patric: I'll be there
Summary: Patric and John are meeting up at 9pm at Market Square.
Dialogue: Rafal: Hello, I've attached the reviewed version of you e-mail
Alex: Was it acceptable?
Rafal: Yes, good job, both of you!
John: <thumb up>
Summary: Rafal sends Alex and John the revieved version of their e-mail. It was accepted.
Dialogue: Paul: Hey. When are we supposed to meet the school disciplinary committee
Claire: Hey.
Claire: Next week Friday.
Paul: Okay. I'm tensing like hell🤮
Paul: If I get discontinued my dad is gonna kill me.
Claire: Same
Claire: Let's just hope for the best🤞
Paul: Yeah😑
Summary: Claire and Paul are meeting the school disciplinary committee next Friday. Both of them are stressed out.
Dialogue: Abel: these are the photos I took of little Simon :)
Abel: <file_photo>
Abel: sorry the quality isn't very good 
Abel: but you can see how small he is :)
Abel: <file_photo>
Abel: and here is the video I took
Abel: <file_video> 
Caitlan: my goodness he is so tiny 😍😍😍
Caitlan: and so cuteee!!!
Abel: yeah he is the cutest little button 💕
Caitlan: 😻😻😻😻
Caitlan: absolute sweetheart
Abel: 😁
Caitlan: cutest baby I have seen in a long time 😊😊😊😊
Abel: and he has been so good, he only cried for a bit
Caitlan: ❤️❤️
Caitlan: amazing
Caitlan: <file_gif>
Summary: Abel sent a video and a photo of little Simon.
Dialogue: Benjamin: so what do you think about the game last night?
William: don't get me started on those morons...
Benjamin: it wasn't that bad right?
William: are you joking? They lost 2 goals lol
Benjamin: but they scored one, seems like they are playing better this season
William: no way they are not, they still suck as they always did
Benjamin: but Grosicki played really well :D
William: dude are you blind or is that a joke? ;)
Benjamin: nah, joke obviously, why so serious? :P
William: i am just mad you know, we have this huge expectations, we watch these games and they are always crap anyways
Benjamin: i know, well maybe some day it will be better
William: doubt it
Summary: They lost 2 goals last night but they scored one. William is disappointed with the team. Benjamin is optimistic.
Dialogue: Andy: Hi! Thanks for the recommendation!
Jane: Hi. Which one?
Andy: Oh, you remember! You told me about that new Tarantino film! 
Jane: Oh, yeah! Did you see it?
Andy: Sure did! And liked it very much.  
Jane: What do you think about the plot?
Andy: Well, as said, I liked it. But the twist at the end was most exciting. 
Jane: Which one? :P 
Andy: Oh, I see where you’re going with it ;) 
Jane: So, what are you up to tonight?
Andy: Not much. Probably stay home, watch some telly, maybe an early night. Y? 
Jane: Well, I have a date with this bloke, but don’t know what to wear.
Andy: Well, I didn’t see that coming. And you want me to help you pick the dress to kill?
Jane: You’re a mind reader! So, can you come over?
Andy: Like now? 
Jane: Duh! I’m supposed to meet him in like 2 hrs.
Andy: Will 2 hrs be enough for you to get ready? ;) 
Jane: Don’t be like that!
Andy: Sorry. 
Jane: So, when can you be here?
Andy: Actually, I didn’t agree to anything yet.
Jane: So, if you don’t want to help me, just say so. 
Andy: I didn’t say that. 
Jane: It’s really important to me. 
Andy: Fine. Be there in a jiffy.
Jane:  Thank you <3 you’re the best!
Summary: Andy and Jane both liked the new film by Quentin Tarantino. Jane is going out on a date and Andy will come over shortly to help her choose what to wear.
Dialogue: Lizzy: R u asleep?
Paul: Nope
Lizzy: I'm calling you
Paul: ok
Summary: Paul does not sleep, so Lizzy will call him.
Dialogue: Samuel: hey can my dad drop by in the evening?
Maisie: hmm. I think yes, why?
Samuel: I'm just asking:D
Samuel: I won't be there, I need to stay at work a bit more
Maisie: not again!
Maisie: <file_gif>
Samuel: yeah, I know, I srsly need to find a new job :(
Maisie: what time exactly is he coming?
Samuel: I think that around 6.30 p.m.
Maisie: ok
Summary: Samuel's dad will drop by in the evening, about 6.30 pm. Samuel won't be there, he needs to stay at work longer. 
Dialogue: Mom: dinner at 6
Mom: don't be late!
Son: ok, I'll be on time
Summary: Dinner will be at 6.
Dialogue: Oliver: just wanted to text you to remind you i love you
Adrianna: awwwww i love you too
Oliver: and i miss you
Oliver: it sucks that i had to move
Adrianna: we'll see each other soon enough :-D
Summary: Oliver misses Adrianna after he had to move, but Adrianna convinces him that they will see each other soon.
Dialogue: Ashley: Hey who down for Yoga? 
Laurie: Is it free? 
Ashley: why u being so cheap? 
Ashley: its 5 bucks only per person 
Ashley: student deals 
Laurie: K im down for that
Jesse: Id go but its kinda embarrassing with only girls
Ashley: Matt is coming haha
Jesse: Really? 
Jesse: K I might text him 
Jesse: we''ll be doing yoga in the bak 
Jesse: back* 
Ashley: Lol there is nothing to worry about 
Ashley: Im telling ya 
Ashley: its fun 🥳
Laurie: When is it happening? 
Ashley: Tomorrow at 8am 
Laurie: Quite early but ok 🤪
Ashley: Stop complaining
Ashley: I will wake u up! 
Laurie: xddd 
Summary: Laurie, Ashley, Matt and Jesse are going for some yoga tomorrow at 8am.
Dialogue: Sarah: Going to the gig on Friday?
Tony: Thinking about it... :-)
Tony: Why? Are you coming?
Sarah: Thinking about it... :-P
Tony: I'll come if you come... :-P
Sarah: Is that a deal or a challenge?
Tony: Both... LOL
Summary: Sarah and Tony are hesitating whether to go to the gig on Friday or not.
Dialogue: Karine: the date for the celebration has been scheduled for june 30th. Could you confirm it's ok for you
Eleonore: great, thank you so much. You may count on me. 
Karine: ok. Don't forget to send me you written confirmation. How many of you will participate?
Eleonore: For sure 3 people. I'll let you know about Jane asap.
Karine: thanks
Summary: Eleonore and two other people will take part in the celebration on June 30th. Eleonore will let Karine know about Jane asap.
Dialogue: Mousie: <file_other>
Joddie: Is he still active?! Wielka Okiestra still exists?!
Joddie: Oh Mousie... What a breath of Polish winds reaching the Caribbean...
Mousie: Still active but for the last few years our government had been pouring hate onto each of Jurek's activities. So disgusting...
Joddie: Can't you abolish this parody of government before term?
Mousie: A seamy side of democracy.
Mousie: Have you heard the latest? About the mayor of Gdansk?
Mousie: <file_other>
Joddie: NO!!! Why murdered?
Mousie: The bloke is obviously mentally unstable but what could've triggered it all off was the shitstorm created around the mayor by the gvt. When the official media say that he's bad then he must be also responsible for my failed life. This sort of thing.
Joddie: So there's no direct, personal connection between the two?
Mousie: Not at all! The bloke maintains he'd been maltreated in prison under the PO administration and while Adamowicz was PO, then he'd been responsible for it. Beyond any comment!
Joddie: Who said so?
Mousie: That's what he shouted still on the crime scene.
Joddie: Was he apprehended on the spot?
Mousie: <file_other>
Mousie: The murderer is a puppet, it's the background of his act that is threatening to our future. This ruling party is in fact responsible for Adamowicz's death, not a poor and deluded halfwit (sorry, man!). Adamowicz stood for all that this PeeParty hates: humanitarian treatment of refugees and migrants, tolerant rights for LGBT folks, more liberal abortion laws. You know, although I can't agree with some of his views, the PiS hateful propaganda against Adamowicz has always filled me with utter disgust and disrespect for Kaczynski.
Joddie: I can imagine that it's not exactly your agenda. But nothing to my mind justifies political assassination.
Mousie: Can't call it like this. It was in my opinion an act of a politically motivated madman, a psychopath.
Mousie: And you know what's so tragic in addition to everything else? It all happened during the latest charity concert of Owsiak`s Orkiestra! The PeeParty jumped immediately on this wagon and accused HIM of fomenting discord in our uniform catholic society. I feel like vomiting!
Joddie: Could never understand those who voted for Kacz and his private party!
Mousie: But there was no choice! You have no idea what a bunch of self-supportive buggies PO had become!
Joddie: Yes, I really no longer understand what's going on in Poland...
Mousie: After what's happened nobody does.
Summary: Mousie told Joddie about the attack on Paweł Adamowicz, the President of Gdańsk, during Jurek Owsiak's Wielka Orkiestra concert. She is convinced that the ruling party Prawo i Sprawiedliwość and its leader Jarosław Kaczyński are to blame for the attack because of their hateful conservative views.
Dialogue: Matt: What's up, man?
Paul: Boring lecture...
Matt: Same here.
Paul: Why do they do this to us? :D
Matt: It's a scheme to drive us out of uni.
Paul: They want to take our jobs, because they fear younger and smarter generation of employees.
Matt: Exactly. :D
Paul: We should tell this to someone! Alert some institutions!
Matt: They are all in this together, if you talk to someone, they'll be on to us.
Paul: You're right. We need to save the world together then.
Matt: Looks like it.
Paul: What's our first move?
Matt: Burgers and beer?
Paul: I'm in!
Summary: Matt and Paul are at boring lectures. They will go for burgers and beer to break free.
Dialogue: Kenzie: I have been looking for a good Ice cream shop to go with my family
Frank: Good Luck
Kenzie: Where was your best ice cream experience? :/
Frank: I always go to Papa Gino's
Kenzie: Thanks for the suggestion
Frank: Np
Kenzie: You want to come along?
Frank: Nah, Im good
Summary: Frank recommends Papa Gino's ice cream shop to Kenzie. He will not join Kenzie and her family.
Dialogue: Sisi: Do you know anything about the classes on Friday?
Bobo: Which one?
Sisi: Introduction to Culture Theory.
Bobo: Nothing
Sisi: I was thinking of taking a break on Friday, going to the library, going home for the weekend. Last time the classes were cancelled due to Dr Phisik's illness. I was counting on a repeat :-)
Bobo: Bad luck! Just checked it. He's already back.
Sisi: Don't get me wrong. He's a really nice man and he knows his stuff. But I'm a little intimidated by him and all the material we need to study for his exam.
Bobo: Me too.
Sisi: I find it a litle overwhelming so I wouldn't like to miss his classes because then I will have even bigger backlog.
Bobo: You may have. My notes are usually extensive and detailed but when I come home I understnad more or less half of that.
Sisi: Same with me :-( I'd better be there. See you.
Bobo: See you.
Summary: Sisi wishes Dr Phisik's lecture was cancelled just like the last time, but he is already back. Sisi and Bobo are overwhelmed with the material they need to study for his exam, so they won't miss this class.
Dialogue: Alan: Where are you now?
Josh: on the train already
Alan: save and sound?
Seb: save and even sound!
Alan: ahahaha
Summary: Josh is on the train, Alan checks on him.
Dialogue: Malcom: hey maria, how you doing?
Maria: im good, what about you?
Malcom: Im good also, so listen, Alex's Dad passed away yesterday
Maria:😕😔😔😔😥 wow, why?
Malcom: im not yet sure also
Maria: poor lad, its so sad
Malcom: yeah it is, we should visit him soon before the funeral
Maria: yeah, we really should, does Justin and Migel know?
Malcom: I really dont know, you're the first i've told
Maria: we should spread the message politely so that we make contributions also
Malcom: thats a good ides
Maria: RIP😔😔😔😔😔😔
Malcom:😔😔
Maria: but thats life, he'll get through it
Malcom: God will help him
Maria: yeah, he will
Malcom: so, we'll plan more, let me talk to Justin
Maria: cool, let me talk to migel
Malcom: cool
Summary: Maria and Alex are going to visit Alex, whose father died yesterday. Malcolm will inform Justin and Maria will inform Migel.
Dialogue: Nina: I was thinking about tonight
Max: Hm?
Nina: I don't know if we have enough time to do all the things we have listed
Max: Yeah but I have no idea what we could skip
Nina: My parents?
Max: I was supposed to help your dad with the computer
Nina: I know but can't that wait for another week or two?
Max: We would have to ask him that
Nina: I'll call him .He only uses the computer for his stupid games, I doubt he's really needs it now. And my mum will be happy that he has more time for chores
Max: Haha ok sounds legite
Nina: Then I guess if we live work a little early we can make it to tesco and Leroy Merlin
Max: Yes but we have to make it quick cause we are meeting Dan at 7 to help him move
Nina: Is it at 7? I thought you said 8
Max: I said 7
Nina: Okey then I'll have to cancel my nails
Max: Unless I leave you at Monica's and go help Dan by myself
Nina: That would be perfect, I would feel so much better tomorrow at the meeting with my nails done
Max: No problem I wouldn't have you carrying heavy stuff anyway
Nina: It's settled then?
Max: Yep
Summary: Nina and Max have lots of plans for tonight, so they think of skipping the visit at Nina's parents even though Max promised Nina's dad some help with the computer. Max will leave Nina at Monica’s, so she can get her nails done and he will go help Dan move by himself.
Dialogue: Trevor: How is your vacation?
Trevor: You haven’t posted anything on Instagram
Anny: I prefer not to
Trevor: You can share a story with close friends
Anny: I didn’t know I could
Anny: Maybe I’ll just send you some pictures through WhatsApp
Trevor: Whatever you prefer
Trevor: I can’t wait to see them :D
Trevor: Are you enjoying yourself?
Anny: Yes! A lot
Anny: I did a one-week massage course
Trevor: Thai massage?
Anny: Yes ☺
Trevor: I can be your guinea pig if you want to practice ;-)
Anny: I need to! Otherwise I will forget everything. 
Summary: Anny is on holiday and hasn't posted anything on Instagram. She will send Trevor photos via Whatsapp. Anny completed a one-week Thai massage course and will practice on Trevor when she needs to.
Dialogue: Steve: hey you long time no hear do you fancy a drink at the weekend?
Carly: Hiya, yes we could do where are you thinking?
Steve: we could meet up at Kings?
Carly: as long as you dont get us thrown out again lol
Steve: I was ill not drunk
Carly: if you say so steve lol
Steve: I was , I was bad all weekend
Carly: yes thats what a hangover does to you lol
Carly: you are so full of shit!
Steve: no sympathy, you wait till you get ill and need help lol
Carly: I never get that "ill" lol I can pace myself and I'm not attracted to tequila!
Summary: Steve and Carly want to grab a drink at the weekend at Kings. Steve was ill all weekend last time. Carly reckons he was drunk so he had a hangover.
Dialogue: Tonny: I fucking hate my job!!!
Louise: What happened?
Tonny: I just fucking hate it, Peter is a maniac he should be hospitalized!
Louise: What happened, honey?
Tonny: He dumped a giant pile of shit on me.
Louise: Meaning?
Tonny: You know this horrible project I told you about?
Louise: The one Raul is on?
Tonny: Yeah, the same. It's impossible to do and he dumped it on me.
Louise: Oh no...
Tonny: ON THE LAST MINUTE.
Louise: Poor thing, there's nothing to be done about it?
Tonny: I swear to God I'm quitting!
Louise: Don't make any rush decisions...
Tonny: ARGH I'M GONNA KILL HIM.
Louise: Just get some air, honey. ;*
Summary: Tonny hates his job and wants to quit. He was given a horrible project at the last minute.
Dialogue: Louise: I had a driving course with one of your tutors last week and i was wondering if I can book another course
Sue: yes of course what was your name please
Louise: Louise Hacker
Sue: and the postcode of the course?
Louise: RM5 6YT
Sue: thanks was this with Graham Mason on the 21st September?
Louise: yes
Sue: ok so right are you after another half day Louise?
Louise: no I would like 2 half days and I would like him to take me out on the motorways if he can.  I feel better but not quite there yet
Sue: ok do you have dates in mind?
Louise: preferably sat or sun and I'm free for at least 5 or 6 weeks
Sue: ok Louise.. I will contact Graham and come back to you again shortly with some dates for you to choose from
Louise: ok thanks very much, will you contact me by text or email?
Sue: I will text you but follow up with an email
Louise: Perfect thanks 
Summary: Louise and Sue are arranging another driving course for Louise. Louise would like 2 half-day drives with the same tutor and prefers weekends. Sue will contact the tutor about the dates and will get back to Louise with a text and an e-mail. 
Dialogue: Lena: that new professor is the worst!
Lena: i mean, how can you give 5 pages of homework at the FIRST CLASS?
Brian: this sucks 😟
Brian: didn't even listen to him.
Brian: wait. what homework AHAHA
Lena: jeez
Lena: excercises on pages 12-16
Brian: he's psycho
Lena: agreed.
Brian: maybe he just tryna be tough
Brian: lets NOT do the homework and see what happens
Lena: do what you want I won't risk it
Brian: no pain no gain, no game - you're lame
Lena: this is a really nice poem, thanks! 😆😆
Brian: you're welcome 😚
Brian: anywaysss
Brian: see tou tomorrow at philosophy class
Lena: they want to kill us
Brian: be brave! we'll survive! I'll protect you!
Lena: my hero 😆😍
Brian: ekhm..
Brian: see you tomorrow 😉
Summary: Lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given. 
Dialogue: Skyler: ugh they are thinking of introducing parking fees in our district
Skyler: it's a disaster
Lilah: why? Maybe you will have some special resident discount
Lilah: at least you will have a free spot to park on
Walter: it doesn't really work like that ;/
Walter: we have this on our street and it's as crowded as it used to be, you just lose money know lol
Lilah: that's actually weird, i thought less people would park then
Monica: well you have to park your car somewhere right?
Monica: it's not like these people have anywhere to move lol
Walter: exactly, it's supposed to help but all it does is ripping you off
Walter: and taking your hard earned money
Skyler: yeah and if you have 2 cars like us it's even worse...
Lilah: that's why i am glad we got rid of ours, tram is enough
Skyler: well you know i can't even get to work by tram
Monica: yeah me neither
Monica: not everyone is that lucky Lilah :D
Summary: Skyler, Walter and Monica are not fond of introducing parking fees in their district.
Dialogue: Barry: Have put any thought to the date of the trip?
Kelly: I talked to my boss, either 2nd or last week of June will do for me
Jen: I haven't talked to my manager, but I think I am more into lat week of June, weather will be nicer
Kelly: How about you Barry?
Barry: Kim and I have a wedding last weekend of June, her niece's 
Barry: Kinda hard to skip you know...
Kelly: O damn, that's true! 
Jen: So how about the second week?
Kelly: Well, like I said, for me it's ok to go
Jen: So I should talk to my husband, and then my boss?
Barry: LOL you haven't talked to Mat yet?
Jen: I have, sort of, I started talking about the trip and he shushed me cause of some work stuff
Barry: Meaning he has a lot to do and you bother him with dreaming about rest?:D
Jen: Precisely!
Jen: I will try this weekend, he is finishing this project so he will chill a bit
Barry: I can talk to him if you want
Jen: No, that's ok, I will manage:D
Kelly: Well, when you have your answer Jen, please write back ASAP, it's already February, and you know how it is with a line to vacation
Barry: Exactly, we should get to it ASAP
Jen: I'll let you know by Sunday night!
Summary: Barry, Kelly and Jen are trying to find a date in June convenient for everyone for a trip.
Dialogue: Agnes: <file_video>
Mia: Haha, you're the worst dancer I've ever seen!
Agnes: I know! But we've had so much fun! You've got to join us next time.
Fran: Just promise we won't have to dance XD
Mia: Don't worry, you can't be any worse than her. It's simply impossible :D
Agnes: You're not my friend anymore! :D
Summary: Mia should join Agnes and Fran when they go dancing next time.
Dialogue: William: I am sorry to bother you so late but we need another parent to cover the ratio for our school trip.
David: I would love to go but I am having a meeting on that day that I really do not want to reschedule. 
William: My apologies for the last minute notice but I have just got a cancellation from another parent. I will have to cancel the whole trip.
David: I see. I will do my best and try to reschedule the meeting. 
William: Thank you so much. Please let me know as soon as possible. 
David: I will let to know as soon as I find out.
Summary: David will try to reschedule his meeting to go on his child's school trip, as another parent has withdrawn and the trip could be cancelled.
Dialogue: Jayson: Where you guys at?
Carson: Outside Sasktel centre
Jake: Im in the bathroom will be down there soon 
Summary: Carson's outside Sasktel centre while Jake's in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Theo: Did you see my text?
Val: Oh sheiiit. Sorry dude
Theo: It's fine. You still have time to decide if you wanna join us.
Theo: Escape room, tonight, 4:30, come to my place at 4.
Val: I'll make it.
Theo: Nice!
Theo: See ya in a bit!
Val: See ya!
Summary: Theo wants to go to Escape room tonight. Val will come to his place at 4 pm.
Dialogue: Justine: if no one is willing to bring a bluetooth speaker
Justine: i can bring my own but it's not the best, there's this buzzing sound when the cable is not properly set
Justine: so lemme know
Ruby: ok then no, I'll figure sth out :P
Justine: ok
Lawrence: hey I found mine! I can take it with me :)
Justine: that'd be great, thanks :)
Summary: Justine's bluetooth speaker doesn't work very well. Lawrence will take his own with him.
Dialogue: Ivy: Chloe just told me that you're not coming with us!
Carter: I have a family reunion around that time
Ivy: just ditch it
Carter: can't, not this time
Ivy: why?
Carter: my grandfather is really sick
Carter: might be my last chance to see him
Ivy: sorry to hear about that, didn't know
Carter: don't worry, I'll go with all of you on the next trip
Ivy: that's not a problem, in a situation like this you should stay with your family
Carter: that's the plan at least
Ivy: take care!
Summary: Carter is not joining Ivy and Chloe due to a family reunion. Carter's grandfather is very ill.
Dialogue: Lydia: hi, Luke!
Luke: Hi!
Lydia: How is America treating you?
Luke: It's good.
Lydia: Will you visit for Christmas?
Luke: I don't think so.
Lydia: I see, spending it with somebody there?
Luke: yes, seems so.
Lydia: I've heard.
Luke: it's life...
Lydia: Exactly.
Summary: Luke is in America and he will not visit for Christmas.
Dialogue: Maddie: Still mad at me? 
Maddie: 🤧
Keegan: I moved on 
Maddie: I am sorry 
Maddie: Should have told u before that I went to her bday party
Keegan: Fine 
Maddie: Want to still see me? 
Maddie: I am taking you for a supper 😊
Keegan: Sure when
Maddie: Tmrw? 
Keegan: Ok cool 
Summary: Keegan is no longer mad at Maddie. They are going for supper tomorrow.
Dialogue: Phoenix: What happened to that photo you sent me, it's disappeared
Tiana: It's snap chat
Phoenix: I know but I have the first one you sent me still
Tiana: I can't see ur photo also
Summary: Some of the photos Phoenix and Tiana have exchanged through Snapchat have disappeared.
Dialogue: Elle: I'm quiting
Emma: what? why?
Emma: what happened??
Elle: the atmosphere in the office is unbearable!
Emma: your boss again?
Elle: yeah
Emma: don't you have like a person you can report on these incidents to?
Elle: we do but they are just as afraid of him as we are
Emma: dammit that's not right
Elle: :(
Emma: Well then start sending out some CVs
Elle: you think?
Emma: You'll find job in a minute!!
Summary: Elle quit her job because of some incidents with her boss. She is going to look for a new job.
Dialogue: Jason: Has anyone gone to the Developing an Academic Career lecture? Could you share notes please? :D
Adrianne: I took some notes but they are not very specific. It showed three different "pathways" you could try and approach your future academic career with. the 1) "do a post doc with a bigger project supervised by a PI" approach, the 2) "Independent Research Fellowship (=be your own PI)" approach and the do first one and then the other approach.. The general rule seemed to be that you had to have at least 2 publications to get a Fellowship(option2), but that your skills might be more important to be hired in the option1-approach. And, obviously: there is a tradeoff between using the time to finish your phd, to publish papers and to apply for independent research fellowship/project-funded post-docs.
Adrianne: I was expecting a few more concrete hints on where to go to/look for things and where to apply to, the stuff I have written down for that is: Where to find funding? ResearchProfessional.? Mailing lists? Carreer Central
Adrianne: re short term fundings: there are emergency fundings  from a certain trust, but I didn't pick up on the name, and the ESRC impact acceleration grant.
Angelica: This was the Newton Trust, I think
Angelica: They suggested starting applying by August roughly
Angelica: And for the independent fellowships to talk to Susan Pearce to first be nominated at the department level when you need hosts, and also to apply to a few different institutions as hosts in the first instance. Susan Pearce for Cambridge, but then write to potential guides or whatever for other places.
Summary: Jason js looking for some lecture notes. Adrianne offers some notes she took whereas Angelica remembers some more related facts.
Dialogue: Charlie: are you watching the news?
Eva: no, why?
Charlie: switch it on, quickly
Eva: what channel?
Charlie: 2
Eva: OH MY GOD it's my dad!!!
Charlie: haha I know
Eva: can't believe it
Charlie: he's famous now!
Eva: haha what a celebrity
Charlie: <file_gif>
Eva: I had no idea, seriously
Charlie: he did great though!
Eva: I'm gonna call him now
Charlie: say hi from me :)
Eva: will do :)
Summary: Eva's father in on Channel 2. Charlie thinks he's famous now, a celebrity. Eva will call her father.
Dialogue: Ersin: Do you have any plan on Sunday?
Mea: I need to work a bit, a couple of hours. Ane I'd lkie to meet you, yes :) But I wasn't thinking about anything special yet. 
Ersin: I was buying tickets for Saturday's journey, that's why I asked. I'll be back to town Saturday night. 
Mea: I remeber about the journey. 
Ersin: I asked cos I was thinking of staying for the night in Gdynia and coming back to town Sunday. But I decided it is better to be here. 
Mea: As you prefer :*
Ersin: :* 
Summary: Mea needs to work few hours on Sunday. Ersin is in Gdynia and will be back on Saturday night.
Dialogue: Ismena: Martha is complaining all the time
Ismena: my ears are bleeding
Veronica: when someone is complaining too much I am extra positive about it and they disengage
Ismena: how?
Veronica: for example i could tell you how wonderful all my coworkers are
Ismena: so when she nags about her health I can tell her how great I'm feeling?
Veronica: exactly
Ismena: how does it work?
Veronica: usually people do that to receive care and warmth and if you disengage she'll bother someone else
Ismena: u clever beast
Veronica: :D
Summary: Ismena is annoyed by Matha's complaining. Veronica's strategy is to be extra positive towards people who complain so that they leave her alone. 
Dialogue: Stan: how are you feeling before tomorrow's interview?
Ted: pretty nervous
Vlad: come on!
Vlad: everything will be fine.
Stan: definitely it will!
Stan: You're well prepared and you'll certainly get this job
Ted: thanks guys
Ted: I'll let you know tomorrow how it was
Vlad: good luck again!
Summary: Ted will let Vlad and Stan know about his interview tomorrow.
Dialogue: Chris: I've put our names on the list!
Anna: Yaaaaay!! :D:D:D
Anna: <file_gif>
Chris: yep, it's happening, babe!
Chris: Excited?
Anna: YOU BET! :)
Chris: mee too <3
Anna: will I manage?
Chris: Sure, you will! you've sailed before!
Anna: but not on the sea!!! That's kind of a big deal :D
Chris: I'll help you, don't worry
Chris: You're tough. <3 <3
Anna: okaaaay, can't wait :)
Chris: I love you, sweetie!
Anna: I love you too. <3
Summary: Chris has enrolled Anna and himself for sailing at the sea. Anna has sailed before, but not on the sea.
Dialogue: Patsy: pick up morning anybody pls
Laurie: whats wrong?
Patsy: my little toyota is in garage :(
Alden: 8 ur place?
Elfrida: can we share?
Alden: sry what?
Patsy: what you mean?
Elfrida: i live close to pat. i can give u both lift on Friday
Alden: oh i dont know you live close cool
Summary: Patsy's car is in a garage, so she needs a lift. Laurie will pick up Patsy and Elfrida at 8 at Patsy's place. Elfrida will drive on Friday.
Dialogue: Tom: Don't u have one unnecessary notebook?
Mike: I forgot my notebook for mathematics
Tom: Unfortunately I do not have.
Tom: Ask Josh.
Summary: Mike forgot his notebook for mathematics. Tom doesn't have a spare notebook. 
Dialogue: Bart: can I leave Spot with you next Saturday?
Mike: sure
Bart: great, I need to help my GF with her move and I don't want to leave him alone for the whole day
Mike: don't worry, he'll be fine with me
Bart: thanks :)
Summary: Bart will leave Spot with Mike next Saturday. Bart will be helping his girlfriend move.
Dialogue: Keira: Not sleeping yet?
Collin: Someone just woke me up
Keira: Not me... I saw u online and I wrote
Collin: Yes not you
Keira: Ok
Collin: Haha were you stalking me
Keira: Haha no
Collin: Haha.
Keira: I just finished the movie. And opened whatsapp
Collin: And opened my chat ?
Keira: Yes. And I saw u online hehe. So I wrote
Collin: Haha I see you missed me
Keira: Because I wanted to write to u but if u hadn't been online i wouldn't have written
Collin: I know
Keira: Damn, how much I hate being alone
Collin: There's enough space for you and one more in my bed. You coming?
Keira: Yes, I wish I could
Collin: One day...
Keira: One day for sure
Summary: Keira saw Collin online and wrote to him. Collin invites her over.
Dialogue: Damarion: Wake up! Let me know when you wake up then
Mara: I woke up..Or rather u did it
Damarion: And you can't sleep anymore?
Mara: No. What's up?
Damarion: Sorry for that 
Mara: It's ok
Damarion: Just having a beer waiting for my next flight
Mara: A beer?! At this time
Damarion: I have 2 hours to wait
Mara: Before the flight?! It's not good. U shouldn't drink at all when u going to flight because u aren't the only one on the plane....
Damarion: ...
Mara: That's my opinion
Damarion: I'm a passenger so I can do as I please! You never pay attention to the things I tell you I see. Remember I said to you on Saturday that I wasn't going to be flying at the controls for the next 5 days ? Today is that fifth day. I will probably only fly tomorrow when I'm back at work....
Mara: Oh.. I'm sorry.
Summary: Damarion woke Mara up. Damarion drinks a beer as he has to wait 2 hours for his next flight. Damarion's been going by plane as a passenger for 5 days and tomorrow he'll be back at work. 
Dialogue: Kamren: Let's meet tomorrow
Payten: Why not today?
Kamren: I don't look good enough to be around people
Payten: Hmm ok as u want
Payten: But you still feel tired?
Payten: You went out today, you told me hahah
Payten: So you were around people
Kamren: I was alone in the field hahah
Payten: lol
Kamren: And cover my face
Payten: Are there still spots?
Kamren: <‎file_photo>
Payten: Wow
Payten: I thought it's not visiblr
Kamren: I wish
Kamren: U thought wrong lol
Payten: But it will not disappear till tomorrow
Kamren: Well... That's not good
Payten: :(
Kamren: What?
Kamren: That's why I said cinema
Kamren: So u don't need to look at my face a lot
Payten: But I don't mind
Payten: Really
Payten: :)
Kamren: You are cute sometimes
Kamren: Like now
Summary: Kamren does not want to meet today because her face is covered with spots, and she does not want to be around people. 
Dialogue: Robert: I'm so sorry for your loss Karen
Karen: Thank you Robert
Tom: I'm sorry Karen, Harry was an amazing man :(
Michael: Are you planning on a memorial service?
Karen: Yes, it's not easy at this stage to get my head around everything, but yes
Karen: We reserved an Italian place, the one Harry loved - La Tomatina
Tom: That's a lovely idea
Robert: I've heard from Janet that the service will be in St. Thomas's Church
Karen: Yes, at 11 am. I hope you will be able to come
Robert: Of course we will!
Tom: We sure will, Karen
Michael: Is there anything you need love? Remember that we're all here for you
Karen: Thank you, I really appreciate it
Summary: Tom and Robert send their condolences to Karen on the loss of Harry. The service will be in St. Thomas's Church at 11 am, followed by a memorial service in La Tomatina. 
Dialogue: Miguel: How was it at the shop today?
Florence: It was ok. I picked up that bag I told you about. 
Florence: Sending over some images
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: Can you see?
Miguel: Yes
Miguel: It's really nice!
Miguel: You can see the coach and horses label
Miguel: Will you resell it?
Florence: I'll probably keep it for myself
Florence: I always wanted one like this, in this colour and style
Miguel: It's really nice actually, well done on the purchase 😉
Miguel: Are you going to watch any of your shows tonight?
Florence: Yes, there is one starting at 8
Miguel: Which one?
Florence: Do you remember that program I had told you about? The one on the organic farm?
Miguel: The one with the farm animals?
Florence: Yes 😃
Florence: A lot of people think the show is quite childish, because they interact a lot with the animals, but I think it's nice
Miguel: I agree, I will try and find it on YouTube. It sounds interesting 
Florence: It's starting ;)
Miguel: Chat later ;)
Summary: Florence has bought a bag today, in a colour and style she always wanted. Now she is watching the TV show with farm animals on the organic farm.
Dialogue: Mark: <file_photo>
Matther: haha so true
Mark: thought of you immediately when I saw it :P
Summary: Mark sent Matther a photo.
