Dialogue: Tori: Have you watched Avengers?
Kody: Yea
Tori:  I didnt like the acting of Hulk
Kody: He didnt play much role
Tori: What about Thor
Kody: He is cool
Tori: Yea
Summary: Both Tori and Kody like Thor movie.
Dialogue: Marty: who did you get for secret santa?
Chrissy: if I tell you, it won't be a secret anymore ;)
Marty: oh come on, i'll tell if you tell ;)
Chrissy: lol no way
Chrissy: you'll have to wait and see who was naughty or nice just like the rest of the office
Marty: lmao
Marty: fine :P
Summary: Marty wants Chrissy to tell him who she got for Secret Santa but she refuses.
Dialogue: Lee: So, not a fan of democracy, then? Well, I've heard Russia is great time this of year!
Jo: It is actually! :) Lee, democracy is not perfect system! Take Brazil as an example! Chaos!!!\
Lee: Would you like to propose a better system then? 
Jo: Yes - a republican, representative electoral system. 
Lee: Why is it so?
Jo: One there is minus the House of Lords. 
Lee: Anything else?
Jo: And one where voters take responsibility for founding out facts and standing by the decisions they make would be a great start.
Lee: What you've just described is the way the referendum was organised. 
Jo: Exactly.
Lee: So let's respect the will of majority, ok?
Jo: I don't agree with it nor i have to like it.
Lee: That's your right to have your own opinion. 
Summary: Jo believes republican system is better than democracy.
Dialogue: James: Miss Smith, are you there?
Sarah: Yes, James. What's the matter?
James: I'm afraid there's a problem with my essay.
Sarah: Oh?
James: Well, our history teacher told us today that we're having a big test tomorrow. It's a bit unexpected
James: Could I send you the essay one day later?
Sarah: Ok, but make sure I get it by Friday! 
James: Of course, thanks so much!
Sarah: No problem. :)
Summary: James asks Sarah if due to a big history test tomorrow he can submit his essay one day later. Sarah agrees.
Dialogue: Benjamin: <file_gif>
Benjamin: what's up?
Jake: <file_gif>
Benjamin: a lot of work today?
Jake: ofc
Jake: :<
Benjamin: cool
Jake: i don't think so
Jake: i'd prefer to go for a walk or sth
Benjamin: no problem finish work and go
Jake: right...
Summary: Jake has a lot of work today. He would prefer to go for a walk.
Dialogue: Austin: just missed the bus
Austin: next one is in 15 min
Calvin: should we wait?
Austin: start without me
Austin: I'll join you afterwards
Calvin: ok
Summary: Austin has missed his bus and has to wait 15 min for another one. Calvin will start without him.
Dialogue: Corina: Are you at the airport?
Regina: sure, waiting for K
Jorge: Good! we'll meet at the arrivals then
Regina: nice!
Summary: Regina and Jorge are at the airport waiting for K. They will meet at the arrivals.
Dialogue: Eric: Trying to get a rough head count for paddle boarding next weekend  in Manzanillo with my friend Tom. Once I have a rough head count I can get some pricing.
 Summer: Count Alex in too!
Eric: If we get 1 more person we get the price down to $40/pp
Eric: ok i count 9.
Kieran: sorry, I am out, going to head to Manuel Antonio instead
Eric: Tom is making an interesting proposition. Raise your hands if you would rather kayak up the estuary than paddle board?
Val: I could be interested in kayaking!
Eve: i'm ok with either paddle boarding or kayaking tbh ;)
Summer: What day are we thinking for this?
Eric: Its happening tomorrow
Val: is it kayaking or paddle board at the end?
Eric: Mostly paddle boarding. There will be a couple kayaks. I love kayaking so I can take one of them ...
Val: OK, can I still join in?
Summer: Are we taking the car? 
Eric: Si. I'm going to rent a quad. I think Gery might too. So between us all we should have enough transportation.
Eric: I'll check @Val
Val: thanks
Val: So is it okay for me? And what time is it tomorrow?
Eric: Si. We depart at 1:00
Val: Thanks!
Eric: We depart at 1:00
Eric: Gonna be a fun day guys :)
Val: Can you pick us up at the corner house?
Eric: Sure thing. 
Summary: Eric is making sure how many people are keen on paddle boarding and kayaking next weekend in Manzanillo. Tomorrow, Eric is going to pick Val and some other people at the corner house. They are going to have a fun day.
Dialogue: Natalie: are you still going to Thailand?
Jason: yeah, next week as planned
Jason: why?
Natalie: could you buy me some spices?
Natalie: I can't find anything similar here
Natalie: and I really like those
Jason: sure, if you'll send me all the names
Jason: you know, I'm not very good when it comes to remembering those
Natalie: of course, I will take pictures of the ones I have to make it easier
Jason: great and just to be sure remind me about that in two weeks or so
Jason: I might have other things on my mind and I tend to forget things easily :)
Natalie: that shouldn't be a problem :)
Summary: Jason is going to Thailand next week. Natalie will send him pictures of the spices she wants him to buy for her. Then she will remind him about it in two weeks.
Dialogue: Vivian: hello guys
Vivian: it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you that Christmas is coming
Vivian: as we all know, it's the time when people are generally more kind and generous to one another
Vivian: I thought that we could try to do something good for some homeless people
George: Are you thinking about fund-raising?
Vivian: not exactly. I was thinking more like collecting items like blankets, warm clothes, toiletries and other basic necessities
George: That's better, people would rather give some things away than donating money
Ruth: That's true, people tend to be prejudiced against fund-raising, and so am I
Ruth: But I've got many redundant things in the attic, mostly clothes
Vivian: that's exactly the point, Ruth. and your example perfectly reflects my intentions
George: Actually, I can check in my attic too. I guess my mum's put something in there
Jack: My attic is a real 'blanket paradise'
Jack: I've always wondered why my parents put all those blankets there, some were even hardly used...
Vivian: you see? each of us is able to help.
Vivian: there're so many things that we consider useless but which may actually improve some people's lives
George: All right! Let's help the homeless then :)
Ruth: I'll try to convince some more people
Vivian: Terrific :)
Summary: Vivian wants to collect various items for homeless people before Christmas. Ruth, George and Jack will contribute with whatever they find relevant. Ruth will convince some more people. 
Dialogue: Anna: hello, Jessica I got your name and number from Pat Smith, she told me you do some babysitting for her
Jessica: Hello, yes I do 
Anna: I want to talk to you about maybe sitting for us. we have two boys Jenson and jack 3 and 7. what is your rate?
Jessica: oh yes that be great!! I charge 10 dollars a hour. I go to university but most evenings im free!
Anna: would you happen to be free this Friday?
Jessica: yes, what time where you thinking?
Anna: maybe you could come 5pm so that way you can meet the boys and I can show u around and we can meet and talk little 
Jessica: yes that would great with me! 
Anna: Great! also how late is to late for you? we have spare room so u r more then welcome to stay over if you are ok with that 
Jessica: where do you guys live?
Anna: off 1-35 in berry creek
Jessica: oh actually I live here too hahah so its perfect! 
Anna: no way! hahah ok great well we can go over everything Friday! thanks again!
Jessica: no problem! see you Friday 
Summary: Jessica will come over to Anna on Friday at 5 pm to meet and talk about babysitting for Anna's children. She charges 10 dollar per hour a lives at off 1-35 in Berry Creek, and Anna lives there, too. 
Dialogue: Olivia: omg I just saw the news are u guys ok????
Tara: yes we're fine
Vinnie: my garden is destroyed but we're all fine
Olivia: omg THANK GOD I was so worried
Summary: Olivia just saw the news and was worried. Tara and Vinnie are fine but his garden is destroyed. 
Dialogue: Albert: Hey guys, I've got something for you
Aldrich: what is it now?
Alfred: I bet that it is another porn video
Albert: <file_video> 
Albert: watch this shit
Aldrich: I don't know if I have enough courage
Alfred: me neither
Aldrich: omg seriously
Alfred: are you watching it?
Aldrich: I didn't know that an aligator can dismember a person so fast
Alfred: hah, damn nigga had it comming
Albert: XD me too
Aldrich: where do you find all those videos Albert? 
Albert: I can't tell you, I would be prosecuted for it
Aldrich: 991 I have an emergency
Albert: Bite me xd
Summary: Albert sends Aldrich and Alfred a video of an alligator dismembering a person. 
Dialogue: George: <file_other>
George: wtf XDD
Pete: lol
Pete: what the fuck ae you reading man?:D
Matt: hahah some people do have imagination xD
George: i was just checking sth in a dictionary
Pete: yeah things like that are always one click away XD
Matt: lol
Summary: George shares some funny stuff with Pete and Matt. He was just checking something in a dictionary. 
Dialogue: Danny: Hey...
Hilary: :) ciao!
Danny: Have you heard from Jake?
Hilary: He's in a hospital...
Danny: What???
Jason: I've just came back from the hospital.
Hilary: ?
Danny: Why did't you tell me?!
Jason: Well, I figured out that something was wrong in the afternoon, he didn't texted me for few hours... Then, they called me from ER.
Hilary: Poor thing... It must've been shocking for you!
Jason: I was terrified. He fainted on his way home.
Danny: Da fuck! What happened?
Jason: Apparently, he had some kind of metabolic disorder... 
Hilary: Diabetes?
Jason: Nope, I don't remember the name, something with sugar intake, but not diabetes.
Danny: Is it serious?
Hilary: When he can go home?
Jason: Well, he just needs to follow a special diet and he can't skip the meals.
Danny: He must be devastated, he lives off McDonalds and KFC.
Hilary: I told him million times he needs to  change his food habits. 
Danny: When he can go home?
Jason: IDK, in a couple of days, he needs to get some other check-ups.
Hilary: I hope not gastroscopy... I did it once and it was horrible.
Hilary: <file_gif>
Summary: Jake fainted on his way home and he is in the hospital. Jason visited him after ER called him. Jake had some metabolic disorder related with sugar intake and he needs to change his food habits. He will go home in a couple of days after some other check-ups.
Dialogue: Kate: Mom, you there?
Carol: Yeah, honey, what's up?
Kate: Where's dinner?
Carol: There's no dinner, I didn't have time, just order what you want, money is on the counter
Kate: Dope! thanks mom
Summary: Kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner, so she left her money on the counter to order something.
Dialogue: Mr Dolloway: Dear passengers, I have created this WhatsApp group to communicate with you regarding the forthcoming trip to Tenerife.
Mrs White: That is a wonderful idea, Mr Dolloway.
Mr Dolloway: Thank you, Mrs White. I will be using this channel to communicate the latest updates.
Summary: Mr Dolloway made a WhatsApp group to talk about things relating to the Trip to Tenerife.
Dialogue: Ezra: hey i just realised something
Carson: what
Ezra: im Ezra Miller, The Flash... XD
Carson: are you kiddin' me :/
Ezra: the fastest man alive B)
Carson: go to sleep dude its 3 in the morning
Summary: Ezra jokes about him being the Ezra Miller, the fastest man alive. Carson doesn't appreciate the joke in the middle of the night.
Dialogue: Ala: Hey, there was no bread, I only bought some bagels.
Jacek: Hm, do we have some eggs at home?
Ala: Yeah, we have a few.
Jacek: So no problem, we can eat them for breakfast :)
Summary: Ala and Jacek are going to eat eggs and bagels for breakfast.
Dialogue: April: what’s your decision regarding the test?
Thomas: what test
April: the one some of you wrote later 
Thomas: ooooh
Richard: didn’t we get the grades yet?
April: of course you didn’t
Richard: ooops..
Richard: how did we do?
April: I’m sure u did great
Richard: I see I see
Richard: how bout we forget about it then? :D
April: what about the rest of you?
Mary: hmmm... not so well then?
April: Don’t know. Haven’t checked yet
Mary: no risk no fun
Mary: check mine please :D
April: <gif_file> 
Mary: <3
Summary: Richard, Thomas and Mary wrote a test. April hasn't given out grades yet.
Dialogue: Jack: Wanna play some game tonight?
Zack: Yup. I have time tonight.
Jack: Cool.
Jack: I haven't been online for a month now.
Jack: Shame that mature life gets you so fast
Zack: Yup. Mature life at 25
Zack: It's surprising we're not married and don't have kids by this time :D
Jack: Hahah. Please don't even say it.
Jack: I can't afford a kid right now. 
Zack: Hahaha.
Summary: Jack and Zack will play a game tonight, they complain about being an adult.
Dialogue: Kingston: shall I take your books, Rich?
Rich: yes, pls
Kingston: ok
Dev: 5 at Starbucks, right?
Kingston: yes, see ya!
Summary: Kingston, Rich and Dev are meeting at Starbucks at 5.
Dialogue: Katherine: 3pm at my place
Anne: I'm on the way already
Philip: Me and Joan as well
Katherine: 👍 just perfect
Summary: Katherine, Anne, Philip and Joan are going to meet at 3 pm at Katherine's place.
Dialogue: Max: What time will you be home?
Julia: Today? I don't know
Max: Really? 
Julia: Yeah ... lots of things to catch up in work 
Max: Oh well ...
Julia: I'm really sorry! 
Max: No worries, I will make dinner and wait for you.
Julia: You're the best! 
Summary: Julia has a lot of work to do and she will be home late. Max will prepare the dinner and wait for her.
Dialogue: Eric: Workout today?
Adam: nope :/
Eric: Come on
Adam: im sick man, on antibiotics :/
Eric: You? Sick?
Eric: Hard to believe
Summary: Adam is sick and won't be able to exercise with Eric today. 
Dialogue: Pat: Why not?
Norrie: He says it's either the garage or the fridge.
Lynn: Ouch. That really is a toughie.
Pat: I told mine that he can keep the equipment in the garage, but not the bugs.
Norrie: And what did he do?
Pat: I don't know. But there are no bugs in the house :)
Lynn: Are you absolutely sure? Maybe he found a secret place to hide them?
Norrie: Yeah. And u don't know about it ;)
Pat: Don't do this. Now I'll be wondering all day and night.
Lynn: Nah. Probably keeps them somewhere else.
Norrie: So what are we going to do about them?
Pat: Don't' know. I'm letting mine have his pleasures, but he has to respect mine.
Lynn: And does he?
Pat: Well, he does, but doesn't understand them.
Norrie: I think I'll tell mine that's it with the fishing and that I'm fed up with him not helping around the house.
Lynn: And you think that'll work?
Norrie: Well, he doesn't go out with the guys anymore, does he? ;)
Pat: That's devious!
Summary: Norrie is sick of her partner keeping the bugs in their house. Pat lets her partner keep the fishing equipment in the garage, without the bugs. Lynn suspects they might be somewhere else in the house.
Dialogue: Krista: Why no one is following me on Instagram??? 
George: You have instagram? 
Krista: Yes! 
Anne: Haha finally! 
George: I never go on it, but I will follow you 
Krista: You better follow 
George: 🤵🏾👍🏾
Summary: Krista has finally set up her Instagram account. George is going to follow her.
Dialogue: Anna: where are you lost?
Ema: here only where will i go?
Anna: why aint you joining us for girly parties?
Ema: just been busy with school and job
Anna: job? your working?
Ema: yes during weekends
Anna: wow! super girl how do you manage
Ema: by missing girly parties
Anna: awww  why are you working.. its time to enjoy
Ema: i need money that why
Anna: aww.. is everything ok?
Ema: oh yes absolutely!! its just that i want to start my own business after graduating from university.
Anna: wow.. you amaze me every time i talk to you, you are so ambitious
Ema: thank you, i have very long plans and as for enjoyment and parties are concerned i would better have them with my business associates.
Anna: i am so inspired! wish you all the happiness and success
Ema: thank you
Anna: you always score high in the class you sacrifice your social life to be independent how do you keep yourself motivated?
Ema: i just think about my established business and hi-class future
Anna: hmm.. i would try to do that too :)
Ema: :) i wish you luck too
Anna: thanks
Summary: Ema is busy with school and work. She is missing out on girly parties. She is saving up to start her own business after graduating. Anna is amazed and inspired by this. Ema finds motivation in thinking about her future. 
Dialogue: Ari: Hi, you busy today?
Ian: I'm in a meeting
Bruce: in Manchester till Wednesday
Ari: Ok, want to meet over to discuss the case?
Ian: I can meet tomorrow, have to rush home now
Bruce: call me tomorrow if you meet
Ari: It's okay we can wait for you and meet on wednesday
Bruce: did you have a chance to talk to the client
Ari: I called them yesterday but Oliver was busy. I'll meet him on Friday morning.
Ian: Theyre not in a hurry
Ari: No but it would be great to close the deal this month...
Bruce: unreal :)
Ari: I know
Ian: Hanson is crazy about the deal he wants it closed NOW
Ari: So why isnt he helping?
Bruce: ask him :)
Ari: I really should...
Bruce: I'll ask on your behalf :)
Ari: Yeah... thanks friend ;)
Ian: Ari let's meet for a lunch tomorrow
Ian: 1pm?
Ari: Let's meet after lunch. I dont want to think about Hanson while eating...
Ian: ok :)
Ari: I'll give you a call tomorrow morning
Ian: ok. maybe we should invite Hanson?
Ari: lol
Summary: Ian is in a meeting. Bruce is in Manchester till Wednesday. Ari will meet the client on Friday morning. They all need to meet to discuss the case. Ian and Ari will meet tomorrow after lunch.
Dialogue: Stacy: hey Tim
Stacy: I have a question :)
Tim: hi both
Tim: shoot
Stacy: me and Melissa would like to visit you in Berlin next week
Melissa: correct!
Tim: sorry girls but I'm away that weekend! :(
Stacy: oh noooo
Melissa: maybe the weekend after that then?
Tim: I'm home then, fine with me :)
Stacy: all right
Stacy: we'll discuss this with Mel
Stacy: and we'll let you know ok? and thanks my lovely!
Tim: I'll be honoured to have you here, come any time :)
Tim: and just let me know
Summary: Stacy and Melissa want to visit Tim in Berlin. Tim is away on the next weekend but will be home on the weekend after.
Dialogue: Irwin: Damnit, I left my backpack at your place
Irwin: Can I come and get it tomorrow afternoon?
Jeremy: No problem homie, it's safe here
Irwin: Sweet, thanks! I don't know what's wrong with me, dude
Irwin: This is not the first time I forget my stuff
Jeremy: Maybe you've a crush on some chick
Irwin: Bullcrap Jer, I don't need any more worries
Jeremy: So I dunno, but being forgetful isn't the end of the world
Irwin: You sound like my mother, but appreciate your positive thinking
Jeremy: I'm the last dude to be a wet blanket though
Irwin: That's your greatest virtue
Summary: Irwin will come and get his backpack from Jeremy's tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Alexander: That was a great photo you posted on your account today.
Daniel: Thank you, Highness. It was very kind of you to comment on it.
Alexander: I expect to come to Warsaw next month. Would you be available for lunch on say the 6th?
Daniel: Yes, Highness. It will be great to see you again, and to hear about your agricultural projects.
Alexander: I have also taken up photography, and would be grateful for some pointers
Daniel: I will be glad to be of service, Highness.
Alexander: I have a Canon. Do you like Canons?
Daniel: Yes, I am a "Canonite" myself, Highness. It will be easy for me to show you around what your camera can do.
Summary: Alexander will come to Warsaw next month so he'll see Daniel for lunch on the 6th. Daniel will share his knowledge on Canon camera with Alexander.
Dialogue: Dagmar: <file_gif>
Waldemar: <file_gif>
Dagmar: I'm really not in the mood for working today 😩
Waldemar: I'm feeling exactly the same.. 💤
Waldemar: I need to take out Teresa first for a walk..
Dagmar: 🐶❤️👍
Summary: Dagmar and Waldemar are not in the mood for working today. Dagmar suggests sleeping, but Waldemar needs to take Teresa for a walk first.
Dialogue: Artur: Good news guys, 12th will be a holiday
Monika: 200% and food <3
Damian: Yea, everyone is already talking about it. Has it been confirmed?
Artur: 100%. Just that it is unknown if shops will be open
Zbigniew: But why?
Artur: So that you could celebrate 11th
Zbigniew: My birthday <3
Artur: A birthday present costing Poland 4 billion, but hey
Damian: Fuck your birthday, it is POLAND'S BIRTHDAY
Zbigniew: Fuck Poland and love me
Artur: Who actually gave a day off, Zbigniew or Poland? :O
Zbigniew: Me, ofc
Damian: So what, first we go to the march, get wasted and after party at Zbigniew?
Zbigniew: Exactly. The president is also invited :D
Summary: Artur is happy that the 12th is off. Zbigniew has his birthday on the 11th. Damian suggests they go to the march and then meet at Zbigniew's.
Dialogue: Faith: Hey.
Faith: When are you coming home for Christmas?😊
Tony: Hey.
Tony: I have an exam on 21st so I will come on 22nd
Faith: Can't wait.
Tony: Really?Tell me you have missed me😔
Faith: You just have no idea how i have😍
Tony: Okay. I won't disappoint then.
Summary: Tony will come home for Christmas on the 22nd after his exam. 
Dialogue: Jill: I will be late
Hubert: again? 
Jill: just one last time, I promise 
Summary: Jill will be late.
Dialogue: Irene: You know...
Irene: I have a big problem
Jonathan: Eh? What is it?
Irene: Yesterday I met up with a friend and she told me she was getting married soon
Irene: The wedding is in another city, though, pretty far away
Jonathan: Huh...
Irene: I was shocked, I didn't even know she was engaged. We haven't kept in touch, really
Irene: So I didn't know how to behave and I implied I would be there but now I don't really feel like it
Irene: I feel so stupid, if I had said I wasn't sure I could come, it would be easier to say no now
Jonathan: Yeah, I can see your point... why don't you want to go, though?
Irene: It's just that... I have no one to accompany me AND I know none of her friends
Irene: Since it's so far away, it's not like I'll be able to just leave any time if I feel uncomfortable
Jonathan: That's true
Irene: And really, first she didn't tell me she had a boyfriend, then she didn't tell me she'd got engaged... I don't know
Irene: I haven't even met her fiance... it feels awkward
Jonathan: What? You haven't even met him?
Irene: Yeah, I don't even know what he looks like
Jonathan: I can't blame you for not wanting to go, then, I mean you're supposed to be friends, so it is sort of weird. Don't feel bad if she didn't even bother to introduce you first
Summary: Irene has been invited to a wedding but is unsure if she would like to go. 
Dialogue: Elvis: Bro where are you? The girls are here already
Kelvin: I'm stuck in traffic man but i should be there in 20 minutes.
Elvis: Okay. but hurry!
Summary: Kelvin is stuck in traffic, he should arrive in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Tom: I gotta tell you all that I don't like the first years from our floor
Yann: You mean these lame people from the end of our floor? 
Tom: Yes
Thomas: Whats wrong with them 
Tom: They're so annoying
Tom: You know such clicks
Tom: I tried to kinda talk to them in the lounge
Yann: They seem like they wanna stick together 
Yann: Like so fast tho, they're forming a group
Maddie: I tried talking to them too
Maddie: very childish in a way, take group pics all the time in the courtyard 
Yann: Lame... 
Maddie: Yeah like I didn't have a problem fitting in but
Maddie: They're just such clicks and like ignore others 😡
Jamie: I was part of their group chat 
Jamie: And when Benjamin wrote that they're going to Walmart to get some stuff
Jamie: I said I'd join and no one replied after that
Jamie: Apparently they formed a new group chat without me 
Tom: WTF? 
Jamie: Like im not lying
Yann: K we're lit without them haha 
Tom: Right on! 😘😘
Summary: Tom, Yann, Thomas, Maddie and Jamie dislike their neighbors. The neighbors excluded Benjamin from the group chat.
Dialogue: Holly: Look, if you can't make it, at least have the decency to write the guy an email explaining why, because I'm tired of listening to him go on about how we're all doing badly...
Penelope: Well tell him I cannot send anything to him right now due to an extremely difficult situation that he will soon learn about, if he hasn't already.
Holly: why can't you send it to him via mail?
Penelope: ... because I am in a different country with no books, no laptop
Holly: no internet?
Holly: i know you're in Berlin, just send him an email
Holly: saying that you won't be here
Penelope: Ok.
Holly: thanks,  he was just really getting on my nerves.
Holly: And i hope things sort out well for you x
Penelope: Thanks.
Summary: Holly needs Penelope to send him an email that she won't be here. Penelope is in Berlin and has a limited access to books and a laptop.
Dialogue: Ann: please, not Egypt
Jorge: why not?
Ann: it's so banal
Ann: real tourist industry
Ann: kilometres of hotels, nothing genuinely local
Peter: true, I'm not excited either
Lena: but it's cheap
Lena: the sun we can afford, hahah
Ann: but I think there are some other options that are not extremely expensive
Lena: like?
Ann: The Canary Islands?
Ann: and I don't want all-inclusive
Lena: and I don't want to think about anything, just rest
Ann: so maybe we should split?
Lena: I think it's a good idea
Summary: Ann and Peter won't go on holiday with Lena and Jorge because they have different expectations. 
Dialogue: Kelsey: Cyrus  alright looks like we need more dark chocolate
Cyrus: Dark chocolate flavored olive oil let’s do it
Kelsey: I was thinking more along the lines of blueberry flavored salmon actually
Michael: Sonia how i feel after eating popcorn last night lol
Sonia: Michael no wonder you have had 4 cups of green tea
Michael: Hahahaha you know me too well
Michael: And no coffee hahaha
Vicky: Michael Sonia how I feel after having chips today!
Michael: That was all your fault Vicky . You told us it would be okay to eat it hahaha
Vicky:  Michael  technically it’s a vegetable!
Summary: They joke about unhealthy eating habits.
Dialogue: Emily: I passed my driving test :)
Rachel: Woooooooooooooooow!! :) when??
Emily: Tuesday :)
Rachel: Nice! I am so proud of you! :))))))
Emily: Thx! Xx And when is yours?
Rachel: next Wednesday, so i’m still practising.......... but i’m so scared, i dont think ima pass * wish me luck
Emily: Don’t panic! Keep on the hard work girl<3
Rachel: <333
Summary: Emily passed her driving test on Tuesday. Rachel's driving test is next Wednesday.
Dialogue: Tim: Happy birthday!! :-)
Gina: Thanks, Tim :-)
Tim: Any special plans?
Gina: I'm off to Jamaica today!
Tim: Wow!
Summary: It's Gina's birthday. She's travelling to Jamaica today.
Dialogue: Marcin: What's going on there Ala? Mom is going to win today?
Lech: <3
Marcin: Will it be a good change?
Ala: I hope so, because I am sick of these elections
Ala: A good change would be no change in this case ;)
Lech: Better leave mommy in power, we might need her :D
Ala: For now it seems to be going well, although it is only according to the exit poll. But she has over 50% there
Marcin: It will be over in the first round ;)
Lech: I hope we will be invited to the party after haha
Summary: Mommy is probably going to win the election in the first round and keep her seat, which is good.
Dialogue: Cameron: I gotta tell you now, cause it’s gonna be too late. I got an email from sociology professor, we gotta be ready with this presentation 10 min before class, he has to hear it first and then we can speak in front everyone
Jules: You gotta be kiddin me! Why?
Cameron: important subject, he doesn’t want any bullshit
Kelly: Well, understandable, I’m ok with that
Jules: not that I’m not, just gotta have some trust man
Kelly: hahaa after what we did last time?
Kelly: Please:D 
Cameron: Agreed with Kelly, we fucked up, there's not trust anymore:D just raw data
Summary: The sociology presentation must be ready 10 minutes before class for the professor to hear it before it's presented.
Dialogue: Anna: <file_photo>
Anna: what do you think?
Meg: woow, it looks delicious!
Elisabeth: did you make it yourself?
Anna: Of course! Real Italian spaghetti carbonara!
Elisabeth: Looks really yummy! 
Elisabeth: May I visit you? ;)
Anna: no problem, anytime! :)
Anna: pop in, will be lovely!
Meg: thanks, Anna! Maybe tomorrow?
Anna: Sure!
Summary: Elisabeth and Meg are impressed with Anna's cooking and are keen to try it out.
Dialogue: Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: More :p
Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: Hmm so I see yuk take lots or selfies but you only select a few to send me
Charity: Hehe no. It's true I take some of them. But there is no point to send all of them hehe
Gilberto: Why not? I wouldn't mind
Charity: Ok
Gilberto: Haha. So I'm waiting for the rest :p
Charity: I don't have more
Summary: Gilberto is eager to get more selfies from Charity.
Dialogue: Sally: when Goran is coming to UK?
Mark: next month i think
Sally: how is he travelling?
Mark: by train
Sally: who is going to meet him at Victoria's station?
Mark: me, don't worry
Summary: Goran is coming to the UK by train next month and Mark's going to meet him at Victoria's station.
Dialogue: Hunter: Teacher asked me to inform you that would be doing final year project with Ethan
Alexa: Did she say something else?
Hunter: Nope Nothing
Alexa: Whom you are doing the project with?
Hunter: I am in Emma's group
Alexa: Hope to see something interesting at the Exhibition
Hunter: Well we have'nt decided yet
Summary: Alexa will be doing final year project with ethan. Hunter is doing the project in Emma's group. Alexa hopes to see something interesting at the Exhibition.
Dialogue: Andrew: so what's the plan for today?
Andrew: therapy? 
Andrew: work?
Andrew: school?
Diana: ah yeah all of it
Diana: therapy at 12
Diana: school in the afternoon
Diana: and work before noon
Diana: today it's home office again
Diana: I need to prepare the classes and do some translations
Andrew: i see
Diana: yeah. you?
Andrew: oh i have a few meetings today but they're like 15-30mins long, so no big deal
Andrew: the problem is i have a sore throat so i can't really talk
Andrew: i'm just hoping they will do the talking and i'll just do the clicking XD
Diana: hahaha boss style :D
Andrew: well someone needs to be the boss right??:D
Diana: they'll go like 
Diana: oh now he's not saying anything!!
Diana: does it mean it's crap?? i must mean it's crap!! xD
Diana: shit i don't want to get fired!
Andrew: hahaha i'm not THAT kind of boss, come on! ;d
Diana: yeah I've seen you in action once, that's enough for me ;D
Andrew: hahahaha :D
Summary: Andrew's got a sore throat. He has some meetings and hopes he won't have to talk too much in them. Diana has to work at home to prepare classes and translations before noon, then she goes to therapy at 12 and in the afternoon she has school. 
Dialogue: Alan: Is anybody of you going to be at the opening of the new theatre?
Bill: I doubt, I really hate this kind of things
Alan: Me too, but we participated in the project, we have to send somebody
Bill: Please, not me.
Bill: I've barely slept last nights, there was so much work with closing everything before the opening 
Alan: Yes, I think they rushed too much with all of this
Bill: Sure, but you know what was there reason, don't you?
Alan: What do you mean?
Bill: The electoral calendar! They want to show off
Alan: Sure, but there may be many defects in the construction I'm afraid.
Bill: Luckily it's not our responsibility
Alina: I can go to the opening, I don't mind it at least
Alan: great, you're saving our good reputation!
Alina: No problem, I'll also take my family
Alan: even better, a little crowd from our company!
Summary: Alina will go to the opening of the new theatre in representation of the company. They have worked very hard because the theatre had to open before the upcoming election.
Dialogue: Kate: I haven't been on FB for a week! Missed anything? No, don't think so.
Ben: I have to try it.
Dan: We sold our house and we'are moving to Canada!  
Kate: really?!
Dan: of course not! silly!
Kate: oh! x
Gina: i can't imagine it! i need it in my life!
Kate: it's good to have a break
Oliver: i left FB for a month but here i am again! haha! ;)
Anna: can't go without it!
Summary: It is good to sometimes take a break from Facebook but hard to stop using it whatsoever.
Dialogue: Mike: Suzie Suzie
Suzie: hm?
Mike: go out with me
Suzie: :*
Mike: I'm serious
Suzie: I'm severus
Mike: we can watch harry potter and eat sushi
Suzie: you're sweet but... Sorry no!!
Summary: Mike wants to go out with Suzie but she refuses.
Dialogue: Jake: forgot keys. U home?
Noah: nope. at 4. 
Jake: ok
Summary: Jake forgot the keys. Noah will be back home at 4.
Dialogue: Charles: guys, we're forming a band!!!!!!
Martin: what are you talking about man :D
Charles: a fucking band man, guitars, drums, keyboard and off we go!
Daniel: ok, but are you playing any instruments? I'm playing a guitar as you know, but I guess it's not enough for the band xD
Martin: yep, and the vocals :P
Charles: you always know how to destroy childhood dreams...I'm gonna cry
Martin: xDDDDDDDD
Daniel: oh c'mon...but seriously, why such an idea?
Charles: listen
Charles: Daniel knows the guitar, I know THE DRUMS perfectly ( yep, a secret weapon of mine), Martin can be a singer and we can always find a drummer
Charles: why not to do it? are we gonna spent the entire university drinking and banging?
Daniel: actually...it's not that stupid
Charles: you see!!! let's do it
Martin: have you ever heard me singing? I sound like a dying whale
Charles: you're exaggerating, I've heard you once or twice and I liked it, so don't fuck with me
Martin: ok I'll think of it
Martin: but wait...you're playing drums???????? :o
Charles: there are still a lot of things you don't know about me B-)
Summary: They might form a band. Daniel will play the guitar, Charles will play the drums and Martin will sing. They will need to find one more musician .
Dialogue: Kailey: <file_photo>
Kailey: so i guess that's the end of my good day ;/
Cristina: whaaaa
Cristina: what a nuisance!
Kailey: yeah, right?;/
Kailey: i blocked him on fb, on messenger, whatsapp
Kailey: last week i added him to the black list on my phone
Cristina: shit
Cristina: don't you think sth should be done about it?
Kailey: what do you mean?
Cristina: idk. have you told Misch?
Kailey: not about this one. 
Kailey: last week i did
Kailey: he asked me if i wanted him to call him
Cristina: and?
Kailey: I don't know.. do you think he should?
Kailey: I really don't want to drag him into this
Cristina: K, he's your husband! He's been dragged the moment you married him 7 years ago! ;D
Kailey: well, maybe you're right
Cristina: sure i am! tell him
Kailey: and then what?
Cristina: i don't know
Cristina: he'll probably beat the shit out of him xD
Kailey: exactly... i'm not sure if it's the right thing to do
Cristina: K, you've told him like a thousand times to fuck off
Cristina: and obviously he doesn't get it
Cristina: maybe it's the only way
Kailey: ouf... ok. i'll tell him tonight. i'll let him decide what to do
Cristina: that's the spirit!
Summary: Kailey has a stalker. Kailey's husband of 7 years, Misch, will contact the man to get him to stop but Cristina and Kailey worry Misch might beat him up.
Dialogue: Fay: Hello! Collecting orders for the new calendars, anyone interested?
Olivia: Me! Two please, Karen's OOF today
Nate: One for me, thnx!
Mike: No, thank you
Summary: Fay is taking orders for the new calendars. Olivia and Nate are interested. Mike is not.
Dialogue: Will: hi, where are you?
Tommy: on the bus to Boston
Will: mega?
Tommy: yes
Will: me too!
Will: When did you leave?
Tommy: 12.40
Will: pity, we've just left
Tommy: I know, Peter told me that you're taking the bus at 13.40
Marie: But I am on the 13.40 bus as well!
Marie: Will, are you upstairs?
Will: I am, in the front row
Marie: I'm coming in 5 min :)
Summary: Tommy is on the bus to Boston. Tommy took a bus an hour before Will. Marie is in the same bus as Will. Marie and Will are going to meet upstairs in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Brandon: Mom, I forgot the keys!
Mom: Grrrr...again?
Brandon: I was leaving so fast, I didn't want to be late for school.
Mom: Well, I'm already on my way to work. 
Brandon: So what now?
Mom: Come by my work after school to pick it up.
Brandon: How will I find you?
Mom: Just write me when you get to the reception. I'll come down.
Brandon: Ok, thanks. Bye.
Mom: Bye
Summary: Brandon will write to Mom when he gets to the reception.
Dialogue: Alan: Did you see that accident on you way to work?
Kev: I did. Though I wish I hadn't.
Alan: It must have been some crazy kid who had got hold of his dad's car and lost control of it.
Kev: Who knows.
Alan: The car is a total write-off. 
Kev: Good for nothing. 
Alan: There was an ambulance. I wonder if it was as serious as it looked.
Kev: They'll talk about that in the local news, for sure.
Alan: Maybe it will be a warning to some daredevils.
Kev: I don't think so. If you're nuts about speed, there's nothing that can stop you.
Alan: There is. Another car, a tree, a lamp post...
Kev: I didn't mean that.
Alan: I know. Anyway, I'm wondering if the traffic jam has eased off. Lots of people from the office must be stuck there.
Kev: I'm still alone in the room. Blissful peace and quiet :-)
Alan: Enjoy while you can :-)
Summary: There was an accident on Alan and Kev's way to work. Car is crashed. Ambulance came. Alan is thinking about traffic jam that it caused, Kev is happy to still be at the office.
Dialogue: Mike: how are we going to get to Matthew's? scooter?
Bart: car I guess?
Mike: lol, maybe your's, my muffler is broken
Bart: how did you break it?
Mike: Paul did
Bart: that bastard, is he going to pay you for it?
Mike: well hope so, he said he will fix it tomorrow
Bart: so maybe we get a cab? I wanna get a beer
Mike: no way, I am broke :/
Bart: scooter then? 5:30?
Mike: yeah
Bart: ok see you then
Mike: you have the app to rent it right?
Bart: yup
Summary: Mike and Bart will go to Matthew's by scooter at 5.30, because Paul broke Mike's muffler and Mike can't afford a cab.
Dialogue: Karen: Where'd you buy this dress you had at the wedding?
Samara: Oh, from an online shop
Samara: Hold on
Samara: <file_other>
Samara: That's the one
Karen: Wow thanks
Samara: Youre welcome!
Karen: Oooh, they have some neat stuff there
Samara: Yeah, I was so happy when i disovered it
Samara: There's few places where I shop regularly, most of the time I'm kind of all over the place
Karen: Same here
Samara: But I've already bought several skirts and blouses from this shop too, so I'll probably become a more frequent customer ;)
Summary: Samara bought the dress she had at the wedding in an online shop and she was happy when she discovered it.
Dialogue: Barbara: I need to tell you sth
Barbara: I never had problems with auto-correct Because I'm usually careful when I write text messages
Barbara: But yesterday I wanted to text my mom "I have a date with dancer"
Barbara: Text was autocorrected to: "I have a date with cancer" xD xD xD
Maggie: Hahahahhaha. Funny but scary. Your mom's ok?
Barbara: She instantly called me. I wouldn't have noticed if it was not for the call. First time it happened to me :D
Summary: Auto-correct changed Barbara's text to her mom for the first time yesterday. Her mom called her to check.
Dialogue: Bill: I'm organising Josh's voice to come to you too.
Jen: So how many in total do you have?
Bill: 9 I think
Jen: I have a couple other ones
Bill: We're gonna to fuck this shit all the way up <file_gif>
Jen: I have 2 more from my floor
Bill: So 11! 15 would be good
Jen: Yeah. Working on more
Bill: Awesome. Dennis from 654 messaged me last night too
Jen: Yeah, I was going to get his too. He's definitely on board
Bill: His daughter asked me who to call and the dad said he had your number
Jen: Yeah. I'll reach out to him
Bill: That's 11 without flinching
Jen: Going to reach out to Troy
Bill: As in Troy and Terry? Mike? Let's aim for 20 then :D 
Jen: I have Mike
Bill: sweet
Jen: and yeah Troy and Terry
Bill: ok sweet
Jen: so 20 is real. That would be awesome
Bill: We keep working. One by one we will get them
Jen: Lol yes. That's the spirit!
Summary: Bill and Jen are collecting voices and aim for 20 in total. 
Dialogue: Karen: Can you talk?
Peter: Not now. 15 mins.
Karen: OK, I'll call back then.
Peter: Make it half an hour. the boss is around.
Karen: sure thing. I get it.
Summary: Peter can't talk now. Karen will call him in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Isla: hey.. i went shopping today :) got sory e really good stuff
Amelia:  really? what did you get
Isla: found really good deal of shoes buy one get one... very very nice just in love with themmm
Amelia: really show me? and what else you got
Isla: some jewelley, 2 tops, 1 hand  bag and 1 clutch everything so good and very cheap..
Amelia: wow show me every thing 
Isla: cant take pictures of all so sending vdo 
Isla: <file:video>
Amelia: awesome... they are all sooo goood! you have a damn good choice.. how much for all
Isla:  $xx , isnt it cheap
Amelia: WHAT??? is the quality good? i wanna go there toooo please take me
Isla: yes quality is perfect... sure we can go tomorrow...
Amelia: cant wait for tomorrow now!!! 
Isla: :)
Summary: Isla went shopping today. She bought shoes, jewellery, 2 tops, a handbag and a clutch at a good price. Amelia and Isla will go shopping tomorrow.
Dialogue: Anna: That bastard!
Leo: Hello to you too. Someone’s in a good mood.
Anna: How could he! 
Leo: Who?
Anna: That lying son of a bitch! 
Leo: Still, don’t know who.
Anna: My boyfriend. 
Leo: What did he do?
Anna: He cheated on me!
Leo: You’re kidding?!
Anna: No! With his ex-girlfriend! 
Leo: Really?
Anna: Yeah. I saw them huggin and kissin. 
Leo: I’m so sorry. 
Anna: I’m so furious! I’m gonna kill’em. 
Leo: Better not do that. Listen, I’ll grab Kate and come over asap, ok?
Anna: yeah, ok. 
Summary: Anna's boyfriend cheated on her with his ex-girlfriend. Leo and Kate will come over Anna's as soon as possible. 
Dialogue: Jameson: could you help me with moving out next Sunday?
Guy: sure bud, what exactly do you need?
Jameson: I have no car so if you could drop by at 10 and drive with my stuff to my new place it would be great
Guy: how much stuff do you have?
Jameson: <file_photo>
Jameson: <file_photo>
Jameson: <file_photo>
Guy: ok I'll borrow my brother's jeep
Guy: it will be twice as fast
Jameson: thanks bud
Summary: Guy will borrow his brother's jeep to help Jameson with the removal next Sunday.
Dialogue: Justin: hey little sister, i've got some news for you
Brigette: I hope they're good news.
Justin: they are
Brigette: Well? Tell me!!
Justin: guess
Brigette: Mmmm, did you finally get rid of all those old records you've been hoarding for ages?
Justin: No! and those records are priceless, don't mock them
Brigette: Are you going on a big trip? Maybe something exotic, like Asia?
Justin: nope
Brigette: Come on! Just tell me.
Justin: you'll never guess
Brigette: Tell me.
Justin: I'M GETTING MARRIED!!!!!!!!!!!
Brigette: WHAT?!!?!??!?!!?
Justin: I'M GETTING MARRIED!!
Brigette: OMG! I'm so HAPPY for you!!!
Justin: thanks. i proposed to michaela yesterday and she said yes
Brigette: Wast it romantic?
Justin: it was, i took her to this fancy restaurant, we were all dressed up, and i got on my knee and asked her to marry me
Brigette: I'm surprised she said yes, cause you're such a dork.
Justin: stop, lol
Brigette: All kidding aside, congratulations. I love Michaela, she'll make a great addition to the family.
Justin: she's really happy too, she wanted to call you to give you the news, but i asked her to let me do it
Brigette: Thanks big brother. I'm really happy for you.
Justin: ok, gotta go, gonna call mom and dad
Brigette: You haven't told them!?!?!?!
Justin: no, i wanted to tell you first
Brigette: CALL THEM NOW!!!
Summary: Justin is getting married. He proposed to Michaela yesterday. Brigette is happy for them. Justin will call parents to tell them about it.
Dialogue: Anne: Baby I can't go out tonight
Jimmy: whyyyy? :(
Anne: I think it's stomach flu
Jimmy: OMG NOOOOOOOOOOO
Anne: yes
Anne: I'm in pain
Jimmy: poor baby
Anne: :(
Jimmy: Can I do sth for you? Come by and take care of you?
Anne: Ugh, no, it's ugly
Anne: if you know what I mean
Jimmy: <3 I'm very sorry
Jimmy: and so is going to be Betty
Anne: I know wish her happy birthday for me
Jimmy: :* I will
Summary: Anne can't come to Betty's birthday party because of stomach flu.
Dialogue: Monica: Honey, are you still at home?
Mark: Just left.
Monica: Shit, I think I left the iron on ;(
Mark: No you didn't. I put it away before I left. It was already cold.
Monica: Thank God!
Mark: Yeah, I hope you don't burn our house down when I'm away next week, I quite like it the way it is :D
Summary: Monica has left the iron on, but Mark put it away before leaving.
Dialogue: Gary: are you hungry?
Ricky: starving. im on a diet man
Gary: what??? whats wrong with you, middle age crisis?
Ricky: ok lets go for lunch and i tell yo
Ricky: over a salad
Gary: thats so sad...
Summary: Ricky went on a diet. He will have a lunch with Gary.
Dialogue: Madison: <file_picture>
Ralph: wow, this looks really tasty!
Ralph: <file_gif>
Madison: I'm so proud of myself!
Madison: I hope it tastes at least half as good as it looks XD
Summary: Madison prepared a meal which looks delicious and proudly shares a picture of this with Ralph.
Dialogue: Josh: Guys, what do you think about this article:
Josh: <file_other>
Ismail: hmm, interesting, but not convincing
Ali: no, not really?
Josh: why? I thought it's almost obvious!
Ali: what?
Josh: that Kosovo would unite with Albania now
Ismail: why do you think so?
Josh: Kosovo has horrible problems, they are both Albanian states
Josh: would be better together probably
Ismail: maybe yes, but first of all it could destabilise the Balkans
Ismail: secondly some politicians would have to compromise
Ismail: there would be only one president, one parliament etc.
Ismail: many of them would have to go, so they will never do it
Josh: I didn't think about it
Summary: Josh believes that Kosovo will unite with Albania. Ismail thinks it would destabilize the Balkans. 
Dialogue: Jack: Hey Lyna. what happened to our movie plans?
Edlyna: I'm really sorry Jack my phone battery died
Jack: Okay no big deal. Maybe it was even for the better good since guess what?
Edlyna: HAHA! what?
Jack:  🤣  🤣 Come on you are spoiling the fun. Just give it a try.
Edlyna: No I'm not. Furthermore i am pathetic at guessing☹️
Jack: Okay then. I-max Cinemas is offering aquaman costumes, drinks and food to those the first 500 going to watch Aquaman come next month 😎
Edlyna: OMG! That is insane!!!
Jack: So are you in for the ofer?
Edlyna: Definitely🤭😍 when is the date?
Jack: December 21st
Edlyna: Can't wait!😋
Jack: And this time make sure your battery doesn't die🙄
Edlyna: Sure i will😹😹😹😹
Jack: Okay. Have a good night then. I Had a long day and I'm feeling dead tired 😟
Edlyna: Goodnight
Summary: Jack couldn't contact Edlyna on her phone. They will go see the Aquaman movie on December 21st.
Dialogue: Joanna: good afternoon
Joanna: remember to take the needles from your grandma;)
Wyatt: good afternoon
Wyatt: she wanted to give them to me 
Joanna: but?
Wyatt: but i think i'll just come to keep you company
Joanna: to make us tea? ;)
Wyatt: exactly! 
Joanna: ok. some lavender or melissa will be a must in that case ;D
Wyatt: haha ok! will do! 
Wyatt: and i was thinking maybe i'd make a pom pom... 
Joanna: this time a true full fluffy one? ;)
Wyatt: haha yeah
Joanna: ok
Wyatt: what will i need?
Joanna: hmm apart from yarn, obviously
Joanna: a piece of cardboard, twice the size you want the final pom pom
Wyatt: ok
Joanna: oh, and small sharp scissors, like the ones you'd use for your nails
Wyatt: ok ok 
Joanna: and a bucket of patience. 
Joanna: and remember about melissa tea xD 
Wyatt: hahaha ok :D
Summary: Joanna and Wyatt will meet to make a pom pom and drink a cup of tea.
Dialogue: Monica: Hi Anna, this is Monica, I am a Senior Recruitment Consultant from TGC World. We have a job opportunity for Polish interpreter/translator based in Poland.
Anna: Hi Monica, thank you very much for contacting me. 
Monica: Are you looking for any new role at the moment?
Anna: I am currently self-employed. However, I am open for new roles.
Monica: What kind of positions are you considering?
Anna: I would be interested in positions including Spanish, and English as a second language.
Monica: I will send you a description of available positions. Please revert me with updated CV in word format.
Anna: OK, thank you. I will be able to send you my updated CV in a couple of hours.
Monica: Okay, sure. Before that I need few more details to process your CV. Just a couple of questions.
Monica: Can I know what is the day rate you are looking for?
Anna: Hi Monica, sorry, I was offline for a couple of hours. As per day rate, currently I work at approx. 100 eur/day, so it would be at least around that rate. I'm travelling at the moment so I could send you my CV tonight.
Monica: Okay, thank you. 
Anna: You can find the most important information in my Linkedin profile.
Monica: Please let me know the notice period so that i can submit your CV
Anna: I'm not sure what you mean. Do you mean my current notice period?
Monica: Yes. 
Anna: I'm self-employed so it does not apply. I can start another job anytime.
Monica: Okay. I'm waiting for your updatde CV then.
Summary: Monica is a Senior Recruitment Consultant from TGC World, which is looking for Polish interpreter/translators. Anna is interested in positions with Spanish and English as a second language. Monica asks Anna to send her Anna's CV. Anna wants to earn around 100 eur/day. Anna can start any time.
Dialogue: Jeff: How was your Christmas?
Miranda: not bad, I've relaxed
Maria: me too, a lot of ridiculous presents, but fun :P
Tony: hahaha, same here, like what?
Maria: quite a few useless things, some socks, a few pairs of slippers and a pyjama in pink Moomintrolls 
Tony: hahaha, I always get very ugly pyjamas that I never use
Maria: I know, they behave as I was 10-years-old
Miranda: I get surprisingly good presents every year
Maria: which is?
Miranda: money :P cash
Tony: hahaha, really?
Miranda: yes, which is in fact probably the most childish thing
Tony: maybe it is, would be a bit strange to get money from my parents 
Maria: yes, I rather give money to them
Miranda: yes, but my parents are quite rich honestly
Summary: Maria got socks, slippers, and pink Moomin pyjamas for Christmas. Miranda received money from her wealthy parents. Tony finds getting money from parents odd. 
Dialogue: Natalie: look look, I prepared the b-day cake for dad
Natalie: <file_photo>
Vincent: omg, it looks awesome!
Vincent: <file_gif>
Vincent: You are the master of cakes!
Natalie: :D I hope it will taste well also!
Summary: Natalie prepared the birthday cake for dad and Vincent finds it awesome. 
Dialogue: Robin: So did u tell Kim?
Jude: I did. And u know what she said?
Robin: No... But am afraid to ask.
Jude: That I should've!
Robin: No! That's true!
Jude: Did she say y?
Robin: Apparently she thought I'm too tense and too uptight and a good shag would do me wonders.
Jude: And that's y u fell out with her?
Robin: Basically. She tried apologising, but I didn't want to hear any of that.
Jude: Sry to hear that. 
Robin: It's all right. I'm fine without her.
Jude: How about online dating?
Robin: I'm not that lame!
Jude: I didn't mean that! Online dating is no longer for lame ppl. 
Robin: Right! How many ppl do u know who date online?
Jude: Kevin, Alex and Sam. To name a few.
Robin: Rly? Kevin? I thought he didn't have this kind of problems!
Jude: On the outside, he seems all macho, but on the inside, he's soft and shy. 
Robin: Rly? Kevin?! Didn't even cross my mind.
Jude: No, not Kevin. Don't even think about it.
Robin: What do u mean?
Jude: U know what I mean. He's not ur type of guy. 
Robin: Y not? He's single, I'm single. We can get to know each other.
Jude: Yeah, but he's not looking for anything serious at the moment. 
Robin: How do u know that?
Jude: I see how he treats his dates and, besides, he told me.
Robin: Rly? U talk about stuff like that?
Jude: Yeah. He's not interested in me and I don't fancy him in that way. We're just friends.
Robin: Does he know about that?
Jude: Sure. He proposed it!
Summary: Jude told Kim he had a sexual encounter. Kim was OK with that. They fell out. Kevin, Alex and Sam are dating online. Kevin is soft and shy.  He's not looking for a serious relationship right now. Jude and Kevin are just friends.
Dialogue: Mindy: Hey, you left your hat at my place
Sara: Shit, could bring it by the cafe tomorrow?
Mindy: No problem!
Summary: Sara left her hat at Mindy's place. Mindy will bring it by the cafe tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Mum: I'm On the M5 and I will stop for a drink
Caron: Ok I wont expect you til later
Mum: I should be there in a few hours
Caron: Ok
Mum: What shall we do for dinner
Caron: I dont mind we will decide when you get here
Mum: I fancy a steak
Caron: or a nice seafood dish
Mum: oh yes we haven't done that in a while
Caron: There is a new restaurant in town
Mum: where is that
Caron: on the High Street past Lloyds
Mum: ok
Caron: what is the traffic like?
Mum: not so bad today but it is wet still
Caron: well you take care
Mum: I will
Caron: have you got your key
Mum: yes why?
Caron: I may be at the shops
Mum: ok See you soon
Summary: Mum and Caron are going to decide what to eat for dinner when Mum gets home. There is a new restaurant on the High Street past Lloyds. Caron might go shopping later.
Dialogue: Joe: Are you there, creature?
Vitor: Ha ha yes
Joe: How was your week
Vitor: Not too good
Joe: Feel free to elaborate
Vitor: Ha ha ha. Uni sucks, I've had 3 exams this week and one didn't really go as good as I wanted. Plus Bolsonaro has won
Joe: Yeah, I've read about that. I'm really sorry :( You just have to move back to Europe asap
Vitor: Or to Canada
Joe: I refuse to mention this country by name in the hope that you'll forget about it
Vitor: Ha ha ha 
Joe: So how are you in the end?
Vitor: Feeling like shit to be fair
Joe: Mmm sorry to hear that. I don't really have anything positive to say about the way people have been voting lately
Vitor: Ah I forgot to tell you my grades from when I was in France were finally recognised by my uni
Joe: And?
Vitor: Some grades are good enough for me not to have to repeat the subjects here. So perhaps I'll be able to finish in one year
Joe: Yay this sounds like a good first step to forget about Canada and move back to Europe
Vitor: Ha ha ha stop it
Joe: I'm not joking lol Well, I'm delighted it all went well for you
Vitor: And how have you been?
Joe: All fine, the usual stuff. I've spent the week trying to finish a chapter of my dissertation, have managed to extend it 30 pages further, but I see no conclusions on the horizon
Vitor: Oops, that's unfortunate
Joe: lol Yes, you can put it that way. This whole writing business is fun but it's quite true I have to finish at some point
Vitor: True dat
Joe: Well, I won't bother you any further. It was nice to talk, as it always is
Vitor: You're too kind
Joe: And once again, so sorry to hear about the Bolsonaro thing. So take care of yourself
Vitor: Of course, I always do
Joe: Cool. I'll talk to you sooooon
Vitor: Can't wait
Summary: Vitor had 3 exams this week, one didn't go well. His grades from France were recognized by his university and some of them are good enough that he won't have to repeat the subjects, so he may be able to finish in one year. Joe has spent the week working on his dissertation, he has written 30 pages.
Dialogue: Claire: I'm in the bus going home
Patrick: A bus? Are you insane??
Claire: The flights were so expensive
Patrick: They always are on Fridays
Patrick: What time will you be in Brussels?
Claire: Around midnight
Patrick: So many hours....
Patrick: I feel sorry for you
Claire: What to do?
Claire: At least I can work.
Patrick: Work?
Claire: Yeah. I need to write some dialogs.
Patrick: Humm... for a movie?
Claire: haha I wish...
Claire: And how about you? What's up?
Patrick: I'm leaving the office soon
Patrick: Heading back home.
Claire: Any plans for the weekend?
Patrick: Nothing. Just chill. 
Summary: Claire is going home by bus. She will be in Brussels around midnight. Patrick is going home soon.
Dialogue: Megan: Have you heard of the shooting on Staten Island?
Alex: Yes, some people were wounded
Megan: yes, strangely, a policeman was wounded by friendly fire
Alex: yes, he's in our hospital
Megan: oh, really?
Alex: Yes, I saw them brining him to the Intensive Care Unit
Megan: how is he?
Alex: really not well apparently
Megan: a friend is working there and she told me he's in a very bad state
Megan: his abdomen was devastated
Alex: oh god
Megan: they will try to reconstruct it
Megan: but now they have to stabilize his state
Alex: of course, they can't do anything about it as long as he's dying
Megan: sad
Alex: keep my updated about the poor guy
Megan: ok, I will
Megan: there is a lot of journalist here anyway
Megan: but they decided not to inform them for now
Alex: I see.
Summary: In the shooting on Staten Island a policeman was wounded by friendly fire. He was brought to the Intensive Care Unit of Alex's hospital. Megan's friend who works there says he's in a bad state. Megan will keep Alex updated about him. There's a lot of journalists around the hospital. 
Dialogue: Paula: Fuck this shit!
Stan: What's wrong?
Paula: I really want to get home
Paula: And I'm stuck in this fucking traffic jam
Paula: Because some idiot in BMW in a car faster than his brain just drove right into a tree
Paula: And the whole road is blocked.
Paula: I will never get out ;(
Stan: Chill out. You have no power here. Sometimes you have to just embrace hard reality and just get through it.
Stan: When you get home, the warm dinner will wait for you in company of our 2 furry life companions.
Paula: You can give them food, so they won't moan at you.
Stan: Noo. We will all wait for you.
Stan: They are used to the fact, that they get food, when You get  home from work. They don't use the clock.
Paula: I'm afraid that I will be at home in more than 1 hour.
Stan: Easy. Just make sure that You don't cause accident.
Paula: For now, I can't even drive 3 meters so unless I go and hit my head against a car it won't happen :(
Stan: Calm down, play some nice track or audiobook and just get through it.
Stan: We're all waiting for you :)
Paula: Thanks <3
Summary: Paula is stuck in the traffic jam. Stan tries to comfort her. Paula asks Stan to feed the pets, but he refuses. Paula will get home in more than an hour.
Dialogue: Jesse: Gr8! Now, everyone, grab a calculator, computer and check the costs of all items and we'll try to divide them more or less equally.
Melvin: Done. I estimate around 350 bucks.
Lee: Counted 340, so more or less the same.
Maxine: How did you get that? I counted 250.
Jesse: Did u count everything in?
Maxine: Oh, sry, forgot about the last item. 
Maxine: Yup. 340.
Melvin: Great. So that's roughly 88 bucks per head. 
Lee: W8! How do we do this? One person buys the stuff and then we send it together or do we buy the stuff separately?
Maxine: Y do u think we calculated the total cost?
Lee: Oh, right. My bad. 
Jesse: So who wants to do the honours?
Melvin: I can. I'll order all the things and bt someone has to pack them ;)
Maxine: Lee and I will do it :)
Lee: Thanks 4 asking, Max, but sure :)
Jesse: Gr8! I'll take the package to the point and will call them at once that we've chosen a list and are organising ourselves. 
Melvin: Thanks, Jess, made my day :)
Jesse: Ur welcome :)
Summary: Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine are splitting costs that will be around 350 dollars. Maxine and Lee will pack up all things that Melvin will buy.
Dialogue: Pete: Nice! How's it going?
Jade: Hi, I can see you like the stage. Awesome 8-)
Pete: Love it! :) Hello beautiful Jade :)
Jade: Aww... thank you :)
Pete: How are you?
Jade: I just came home. I was so busy all day long. Have to print my business cards. Do you know where they print it nicely in colour?
Pete: nobody wants mine, so I'm no more interested in this XD
Jade: How come? so what do you do?
Pete: I'm an unemployed rock musician XD you?
Jade: wait wait, but you have to make a living from something :P I'm an actress, currently actively attending castings
Pete: Tell me! what castings? :D
Jade: for ads
Summary: Jade is an actress attending ads' castings and she needs to print her business cards in colour. Pete can't help her, as he's not interested in it anymore.
Dialogue: Tyson: The trains aren't running
Gabriella: Whaaaat? How do you know? Why?
Tyson: Cuz I've been stuck on one for 40 minutes now lol
Tyson: There's some problem but I'm not sure what, all I know is that it's not just this train but something bigger
Gabriella: Oh shoot :/ Thanks for letting me know! I'll take the bus, then, I guess...
Summary: Tyson has been stuck on the train for 40 minutes. Gabriella will take the bus then.
Dialogue: Ann: Don't you know if dad took Ann with him?
Tom: I'm not sure, but I think they went shopping.
Ann: I thought so :)
Ann: Thanks :*
Summary: Dad and Ann went shopping.
Dialogue: Chris: Hey smart girl what's up?
Monica: Guess where I am
Chris: In the court?
Monica: No. I have a day off
Chris: You have a day off and you didn't tell me... :/
Chris: I'd love to spend it with you
Monica: Not today. Today I'm taking care of myself. Sauna, massage, beautician...
Summary: Monica is having a day for herself.
Dialogue: Kadisha: Hellooo!! You here??
Kadisha: I sent you a video clip on fb
Kadisha: <file_video> 
Waldemar: WTF?? LOL!!
Waldemar: Hilarious shit!!!
Waldemar: And there's a whole collection 🤣🤣🤣
Waldemar: Have you seen the rest?
Waldemar: Hahahaha
Kadisha: Is there??
Kadisha: No I haven't 😜
Kadisha: I'll check it out..
Kadisha: Same characters?
Waldemar: Yeah gremlins and shit 🤣
Waldemar: Check this one out
Waldemar: <file_video> 
Kadisha: loool 😄😄😄
Kadisha: That's totally screwed
Summary: Kadisha and Waldemar share funny videos.
Dialogue: Janet: I am ashamed. Who voted for this pussy? It's your fault.
Alison: Remember the Wizard of Oz? He might have melted.
Nicole: He’s a sissy boy.
Cheryl:  RAIN omfg thats so shameful and disrespectful 😡
Buff: Pussy in Chief.
Linda: Trump is selfish and inconsiderate.
Janet: What an embarrassment to our nation and the world!!!
Roz: Where is Elsie? I miss you vomit 😊
Cheryl: WTF EVER trumpola didnt want to mess up his pity full comb over.....
Janet: Trump = snowflake
Linda: Baby. He’s a spoiled brat baby. Nothing about Donald Trump to be proud of or want to defend.
Arlene: HIs hair and makeup would have been ruined!
Roz: Exactly 😊
Leslie: Which adviser, who he doesn't listen to anyway, thought missing this ceremony was a good idea? Shameful!
Eric: What a pussy. We should grab him and kick him to the curb.
Sue: All the other leaders managed to make it, so there is no excuse, for me.
Roz:  It's all about the hair.
Sue: afraid the colour of his orange hair would run????
Linda: Never heard of an umbrella :)
Summary: Janet considers Trump's election victory a disgrace.
Dialogue: Chuck: Hey
Dan: Yo
Chuck: Wanna see my new 40K minis?
Dan: Sure. Some more space marines?
Chuck: Nope, it's tau this time
Dan: You mean t'au?
Chuck: Yeah, tau, t'au, whatever. They keep changing names in the game to put a trademark on them
Dan: Yep, I know, kinda silly, but whatever
Chuck: So here's my t'au commander
Dan: Lemme see
Chuck: <file_photo>
Dan: Cool! Extremely well-painted
Chuck: Hey, I've been painting miniatures for quite a while, kid
Dan: Yeah, I know, I know, you were a gamer when I wasn't even born
Chuck: Indeed, pal!
Dan: Ok, any more pics?
Chuck: <file_photo>
Dan: Ok, some fire warriors
Chuck: Do you like them?
Dan: Yep, cool. Hey, wanna check out my new ork models?
Chuck: Ok, show me
Dan: <file_photo>
Dan: <file_photo>
Dan: <file_photo>
Chuck: Holy crap, that's good! You're getting better, kid
Dan: Already better than you, you old nerd!
Chuck: In your dreams!
Dan: Lol
Summary: Chuck shows Dan his new Warhammer miniature models from the T'au Empire. Chuck is older and has more experience in gaming than Dan. Dan is getting better at painting Warhammer miniatures. Chuck and Dan are critical of Games Workshop business practice.
Dialogue: Clara: <file_other>
Clara: concerts in uk 16 aug - 26 aug
Megan: Why not sept?? :((
Emilia: see the price
Emilia: tickets cost pretty penny....
Megan: Lol just checked that and
Megan: OMG
Emilia: :<
Megan: Maybe not now :D
Clara: but there are also cheaper, look
Clara: <file_other>
Megan: Oo, haven't seen that
Megan: Maybe it would be possible :>>
Emilia: I'll talk to my parents
Emilia: That could be the present for my bday
Megan: I have some money saved
Megan: Hope it'd be enough
Clara: we could stay at my uncle's house :)
Megan: *.*
Summary: Clara, Megan and Emilia are getting excited about the possibility of going to a concert in August.
Dialogue: Michael: <file_photo>
Michael: Have you done this yet?
Camille: No, not yet, I’m stuck at 34. Still ;/
Carl: I did, catch
Carl: <file_photo>
Michael: Thanks man!
Carl: 34 isn’t difficult either, x is 5
Camille: Thank you Mike <3
Summary: Carl sends Michael and Camille the results of the exercises.
Dialogue: Victor: DUUUDE
Finn: yep?
Victor: we're going on a date soon xD
Finn: Jane?
Victor: yeaas
Finn: do you Both know that XD
Victor: YESS
Finn: wow
Victor: *_*
Finn: stop being so happy
Victor: why shouldnt i be xD
Finn: stop getting out of control
Victor: oh come on dont ruin it for me
Finn: yea sure
Victor: what am i gonna do
Finn: act like a normal person?? whyre you trippin' anyways, youre gonna be fine
Victor: are you sure
Finn: are YOU sure youre gonna be alright xD
Victor: i think so :p
Finn: cool, let me know how it goes
Victor: oka
Summary: Victor is happy about going on a date with Jane soon. Victor will let Finn know how it goes.
