Dialogue: Carter: I've got some really juicy gossip for you! :)
Carter: You're gonna love it!
Charlotte: Come on, don't keep me in suspense, spill the tea! :D
Carter: Have you heard the news about professor Brown?
Charlotte: This jerk, who gives lectures on the theatre? What's with him?
Carter: I've heard, that he had been fired!
Charlotte: YOU'RE KIDDING
Charlotte: Finally!!!
Charlotte: What's happened?
Carter: A group of students accused him of sexual harassment. They showed the rector some inappropriate emails from him and described, how badly he behaved during his lectures.
Carter: To my great surprise, several lecturers supported those accusations.
Charlotte: I'm so happy to hear that!!!
Charlotte: Schadenfreude is a nasty emotion, but - frankly speaking - it's hard not to celebrate the fact, that this dickhead eventually got what he earned.
Charlotte: Everyone knew, what he's like and everyone, who could actually do something with it, remained silent.
Charlotte: It was so freaking frustrating!
Carter: I agree with you, he should have been fired much earlier. Anyway, you have to admit it, it's great news.
Charlotte: Indeed it is! :)
Summary: Professor Brown got fired because of sexual harrassment accusations from students. Several lecturer supported the accusations. Charlotte and Carter are happy he got fired. 
Dialogue: Kat: Hi gorgeous!
Mia: Hey girl, you ok?
Kat: Yeah, feeling good! I just got my nails done, hair dyed lilac and a spray tan!
Mia: Sounds super glam? Can I see?
Kat: Sure, quick selfie! <file_photo >
Mia: Wow! Looking good!😍 Love your lips too!
Kat: Yeah, had them plumped up a couple of weeks ago, not too much?
Mia: No, definitely not! We're all set to hit the town tomorrow night when you come up!
Kat: Cool! I am so looking forward to it, see ya then!
Mia: See ya tomorrow, babes!
Summary: Kat and Mia are ready to hit the town tomorrow night.
Dialogue: Therese: Bob, would you drop by auntie Meg and do some shopping for her? 
Bob: Sure mum, is there something wrong with auntie?
Therese: She has some hip problems and she cannot walk down the stairs
Bob: Oh no! Poor Meg! I can drop by around 5 p.m.
Therese: I think it's perfect, but you can also give her a call first
Bob: Okie dokie, I'll do that :)
Summary: Bob will go to auntie Meg's and do shopping for her.
Dialogue: Casper: Hi mate.
Casper: I just want to let u know that I'm postponing the party
Casper: I want to throw it around 15 January
Stanley: kk
Casper: There is also a chance that me and my brother will go for a trip
Casper: Skiing, drinking etc.
Casper: Let me know if you would like to come along
Stanley: Unfortunately I have some expenses right now :(
Stanley: So I can say upfront that I can't afford going anywhere :(
Casper: What happened mate?
Stanley: <file_photo>
Stanley: Car acciddent. Have to repair it with my money :/
Casper: Condolences man. 
Stanley: Thanks. Shit happens.
Casper: Everybody's ok?
Stanley: Luckily nobody got hurt.
Stanley: Except my car 
Casper: Sorry man. Anyway if you change your mind regarding the trip, let me know.
Summary: Casper is postponing the party to January 15th. He also plans go skiing a drinking with his brother. Stanley can't come because he is broke. He had a car accident and needs to repair the car with his own money.
Dialogue: Bobby: my brother in law is amazing!
Candice: i'm glad you like the newest member of your family
Bobby: he's really cool, he's good at sports, he's very smart
Candice: wow!! is this turning into a BROmance?
Bobby: lol don't be ridiculous
Summary: Bobby is fond of his new brother-in-law.
Dialogue: Lena: Hi, Mike. How are you?
Mike: I'm fine. And you are?
Lena: Lena. I got your number from Clair.
Mike: Yeah?
Lena: Yeah. Claire says you know a lot about horses.
Mike: If Claire says so. Yeah, I know a little, why.
Lena: There is this Welsh Pony I want to buy for my daughter...
Mike: I suggest you hire a vet, to properly examine the horse.
Lena: Really? Can you text me some contacts?
Mike: Yeah. Will do.
Summary: Lena received Mike's number from Claire. Lena wants to buy her daughter a Welsh Pony. Mike suggests that the horse should be thoroughly examined by a vet first.
Dialogue: Ann: Stay in or not to stay in?
Chris: Not! It’s Friday!
Kate: Definitely not!
Jane: Silly! Do you wanna join us?
Ann: Nope but thanks for inviting me!
Chris: Why do you wanna stay in?
Ann: just tired after work need a relaxing bath or something
Chris: Go out. It’ll cheer you up!
Summary: Jane and Chris are going out as it's Friday so want Ann to join them. Ann needs to relax at home as she's tired.
Dialogue: Patricia: <file_other>
Patricia: What kind of people enjoy hurting animals?!
Patricia: They are the worst monsters!!!
Edgar: I agree. You send me a link but I don't know if I want to open it.
Edgar: I'm really sensitive about it.
Patricia: Guy took newborn kittens he didn't want, put them in a bag and threw it to the river.
Edgar: Fuck. I hate it. 
Edgar: I'm sorry, but I get really agressive when I hear something like that.
Edgar: I feel like putting this man into a bag and throw it to the river!
Patricia: They charged him with animal abuse.
Patricia: But there are more people like him out there.
Patricia: I hate it.
Edgar: I really don't get it. Why people are so cruel?
Edgar: I understand fighting with other people
Edgar: Survival instinct or whatever.
Edgar: But this acts of cruelty? I really don't get it.
Patricia: I cried today when I read it. 
Patricia: I want to kick this guy in the nuts and then rip it off and throw it to the river
Edgar: Wow. Honey easy. Don't talk to me about ripping off nuts. Please. I already feel it :P
Patricia: Maybe harsh, but this is what I feel like doing when reading something like this.
Edgar: I know. It's ok. Kittens were rescued, so it ended well. 
Edgar: Man got charged with animal abuse and animals are safe now, looking for a new home. 
Patricia: Yeah, I feel glad that it ended that way.
Patricia: But it strikes me how many such cases don't.
Edgar: Fortunately the law is getting more and more strict about animal abuse, so there is hope in human kind.
Patricia: You're right. Sorry I spilled it out at you, but I had to.
Edgar: I know :) See you at home :)
Summary: Patricia and Edgar have a conversation about animal abuse. They both deplore it.
Dialogue: Olivia: What was the very first movie you saw this year?
Jayden: It was Star wars
Olivia: Do you have it on your pc?
Jayden: I dont have it now
Olivia: Can you manage some how?
Jayden: I will download it for you
Olivia: TY :)
Summary: Jayden will download a Star Wars movie for Olivia.
Dialogue: Lydia: Have you seen 13 reasons why?
Clara: Yes! It's great
Hannah: I'm not a fan
Lydia: You think I'll like it?
Hannah: You can watch an episode or two and see if it's your thing
Clara: I binge watched the whole season
Clara: It's super interesting and scary!
Clara: All what happened to the poor girl it's just insane!
Clara: I'm not gonna say anything more 
Clara: Don't want to spoil...
Hannah: I didn't find the characters convincing, they just didn't seem real
Hannah: I couldn't identify myself with none of them 
Hannah: But it was interesting. 
Clara: You should watch it. 
Clara: You'll like it.
Hannah: Anyways, It's only one season
Hannah: Not very time consuming
Lydia: Thanks :*
Lydia: I think I'll give it a chance ;-)
Lydia: Will let you know if I liked it.
Summary: Lydia haven't seen '13 reasons why'. Clara recommends it very much. Hannah didn't like the series, but she found it interesting. Lydia will give '13 reasons why' a chance.
Dialogue: Daria: another toxic day at my job...
Bob: oh, god, how's the job hunt cause you're whining about the job here just about every day
Daria: It's the whiners' club, you whine about your shitty life too, Bob.
Bob: at least I try to whine about different aspects of it :P
Freddy: ok, so what about your job?
Daria: It's just those girls you know... They create this toxic, cliquey atmosphere, it's just hard to breathe. The amount of gossip and talking behind your back is just exhausting
Daria: and did I mention they all hate me?
Freddy: how do you know that?
Daria: they subtly let me know, like when they tell me that I'm stuck-up and think I'm better than them
Bob: jeez, what are they 10?
Daria: i would ask the same question, but that would just make me look more stuck-up
Freddy: but seriously how old are they?
Daria: after college, some maybe around 30.
Freddy: you'd expect more a mature behavior from grown women like that
Daria: you think?
Bob: just tell them they can suck it
Daria: oh, great solution, Bob, as always the optimal way out
Freddy: seriously, I'll as around in my company, maybe they need someone.
Daria: that would be great thanks.
Summary: Daria is whining about her job. Daria doesn't feel good in the workplace, because other girls hate her. Freddy will ask in his company if they need someone new.
Dialogue: Josh: hi!
John: hi
Josh: SHE was here.
John: FUCK
Josh: yup, but hasn't notice anything.
John: what a relief 
Josh: but we should hide it better.
John: we will!
Summary: She was here but hasn't noticed anything. 
Dialogue: Frank: hola amigo
James: Hola! No, wait, ¡Hola!
Frank: what u doin tonite
James: Oh, you know, I think I'll just stay at home, listen to some jazz and read poetry.
Frank: u comin to the party
James: I find you lack of capital letters and punctuation... disturbing.
Frank: wtf man u comin or not
James: Yeah, you know what, you people really make me feel like a grammar nazi for writing in a proper way...
Frank: ok move ur ass we r waitin at joe's
James: ok man gonna be there in a few mins (here lies my good will, killed by messeger)
Summary: Tonight James will stay at home, listen to music and read. Frank asks about coming to the party, but instead of answering, James points out some minor mistakes in his spelling and punctuation.
Dialogue: Kamren: What a game today
Kamren: 7-0
Hattie: For who?
Kamren: Portugal vs Estonia
Hattie: Mm
Hattie: Ok. Enjoy the match. We'll talk later
Kamren: Game is done
Summary: Portugal beat Estonia 7-0.
Dialogue: Renee: <file_other>
Renee: doesn't look that bad doesn't it:D
Katie: whaaaa
Katie: it looks fucking amazing!!
Katie: is there like ANYTHING you can't do??
Renee: :)
Katie: I didn't even think it was you!
Katie: I thought it was some professional dancer! 
Katie: only at the end there's your face up close
Renee: ^^
Katie: shit
Katie: amazing, really
Renee: thanks :))
Renee: i didn't think it looks that good until they recorded us :D
Katie: why?
Katie: I mean why did they record?
Renee: some ppl couldn't remember the steps and the instructor asked me to dance with him 
Renee: so they could record him with a partner
Katie: i see
Katie: really i didn't realise you were so good:D
Renee: thanks again:D you know the instructor adds like a billion points to my presence:D and it's the Waltz, so even more ;)
Katie: shit i wouldn't even know it's the waltz xD
Summary: Renee was recorded dancing Waltz with her instructor. Katie thinks she looks like a professional.
Dialogue: Tom: Happy B-day! 
Tom: <file_gif>
Laura: oh, thank you, it's so cute <3 <3 <3 
Tom: :D
Summary: Tom wishes Laura happy brithday.
Dialogue: Marlene: I am fucked, aren't I?
Diane: What do you mean, Marlene.
Marlene: Didn't you see what happened yesterday?
Diane: Yesterday when? And what happened?
Marlene: During the meeting.
Diane: I remember the meeting.
Diane: But don't recall anything extraordinary.
Marlene: You are being nice, I know.
Marlene: But you must have noticed how Mike was treating me.
Diane: What do you mean?
Marlene: You know. When I told him I forgot to prepare the statistics?
Diane: Oh, that.
Diane: Don't worry about it:=)
Marlene: Easy for you to say:(
Diane: No, really.
Diane: Shit happens, you know.
Marlene: I know, but does Mike?
Diane: Better than you think.
Marlene: What do you mean?
Diane: Last month at the management meeting he really laid an egg.
Diane: I'm not gonna tell you what he'd done. But you are fine. Trust me:=)
Summary: During the meeting yesterday, Mike treated Marlene badly when she told him she forgot to prepare the statistics.
Dialogue: Jerry: Did you see this article?
Jerry: <file_other>
Caroline: Whaat? I can't believe it!
Jerry: yup, the first page!
Caroline: <file_gif>
Summary: Caroline can't believe seeing the article Jerry's just sent her.
Dialogue: Maxine: honey, pay more attention to the stuff u buy
Mark: is it expired?
Maxine: tomorrow it will expire :(
Mark: sorry
Summary: Maxine reminds mark to check the date on stuff he buys. 
Dialogue: Michael: S’Arvo I'm going to Sydney
Jake: That's quite a journey :)
Michael: Bloody oath!
Jake: You're a bludger... Wanna come with me? 
Jake: or come over for a few coldie’s before my journey :)
Michael: Sure! I'm coming!
Jake: :)
Summary: Michael is going to Sydney. Jake is going to visit Michael before his journey.
Dialogue: Kate: Guys, I think I'm lost 😕
Ines: Can you see a blue boat?
Kate: Yes, but quite far away
Terry: So you're not lost
Ines: Walk in the direction of the boat, we will meet halfway.
Kate: Ok, sorry!
Summary: Kate is lost. Ines tells Kate to go towards the blue boat. They will meet halfway. 
Dialogue: Eve: Has anyone seen the new HP film?
Alice: I saw it with Phillip yesterday
Eve: And, how did you like it?
Alice: I really liked it. Phillip a lot less :P
Carla: No spoilers! I am planning on going this weekend
Eve: Great, I am going with a friend from my studies. Care to join us?
Carla: Saturday or Sunday?
Eve: We aren't sure yet, but we want 2D, so not a lot of choice. Maybe Saturday at 16:50?
Carla: Works for me :) Later we can go to the main square for some hot wine?
Eve: Great idea ;) Will you join us Alice?
Alice: I wish I could, but I am going to that wedding I mentioned last time :(
Carla: Uuuu, be sure to find me a future husband among Phillips family ;)
Alice: As far as I know we will be the youngest couple there :p
Carla: I don't mind some old and wealthy guy ;)
Summary: Phillip and Alice saw the new HP film yesterday. She liked it more than him. Eve is going to see it with friends from studies on Saturday at 16:50. Carla will join them. Alice can't go because she is going to the wedding. 
Dialogue: Marton: Hey what time is the game?
Josh: 7pm studio 7:30pm game
Marton: ok I'll be there as soon as I can
Josh: see you!
Summary: Josh and Marton will watch the game at 7:30 PM. Studio starts at 7 PM.
Dialogue: Joyce: Guys, sorry I'm running late today! Will be there soon
Andrew: I’m a wee bit late too but will be there before 8! Leaving soon
Carla: On my way, with sipke😀
Anette: On the way kids
Anette: In the first here wtf
Helen: Where are yall
Helen: Annette are you here?
Helen: I'm at a table by one of the windows at the front!
Summary: Joyce and Andrew are running late. Carla and Anette are on their way. Helen is at a table by one of the windows at the front.
Dialogue: Laura: sent it 🙈
Rose: Congrats!
Charity: don't worry, it'll be fine
Charity: i'm pretty sure you'll get this job
Laura: i wish!!
Laura: but the competition is so high........
Charity: when you'll have the answer
Laura: dunno
Summary: Laura has just applied for a new job, but she's aware of the high competition. 
Dialogue: Elizabeth: Hi
Elizabeth: Feel like a cup of good coffee?
Elizabeth: I've just got back from the cafe nearby
Elizabeth: It turned out they sell coffee beans
Anne: Coffee with you on Sunday afternoon?
Anne: Sounds good
Anne: I'll get going soon.
Elizabeth: I'm waiting :)
Summary: Elizabeth bought coffe beans at nearby cafe. She will have coffe with Anne on Sunday afternoon.
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Chris: What kind of tea does your mum like?
Ben: What?
Chris: It's your mum's birthday today isn't it? I thought it would be nice to bring her something
Chris: I'm staying at your place tonight if you don't remember. I just thought it would be a nice thing to bring your mum a small gift.
Ben: Sure! She likes this green tea with chocolate flavour. Lady at the shopping mall who runs a tea store will help you.
Chris: Thanks. See you at 8.
Summary: Ben's mother celebrates her birthday today. Chris will buy her green tea with chocolate flavour. Chris will come over at 8.
Dialogue: Helen: hey
Helen: Can you take me to the vet?
Rich: When?
Helen: 2morrow after work?
Rich: what time?
Helen: around 6?
Rich: sure no prob
Rich: Pick you up at work?
Helen: that would be great
Rich: so 5 at your office
Helen: yes thank you
Helen: youre a lifesaver
Summary: Rich will pick Helen up tomorrow at 5, and he will take her to the vet.
Dialogue: Anna: Are you planning to go to the library tomorrow?
Mike: Yes, I have to find some information for the project.
Anna: I'll go with you.
Mike: OK.
Summary: Anna will go with Mike to the library tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Valeria: hey sis
Gloria: hey love
Valeria: i really miss you now
Gloria: come on, its just been hours since i left
Valeria: i know😔😔
Gloria:😔😥😥
Valeria:😔
Gloria: i'll be back soon, i promise
Valeria: but they never said when the session will end
Gloria: i know, but ill come back it just life, take care of mum and dad
Valeria: i promise i will, stay safe
Gloria: you too
Valeria:😘😘
Gloria:😘
Summary: Gloria will be away for an unspecified amount of time.
Dialogue: Jake: Babe! You forgot your lunch!
Sula: Shit, could you bring it by on your way to work?
Jake: I can't, I have a meeting on the other side of the city
Sula: I'll eat it after work then
Summary: Sula forgot her lunch. Jake can't bring it to her as he has a meeting far away. Sula will eat the lunch after work.
Dialogue: Tony: help! What to get Mary as a present?
Tony: its our anniversary next week
Tony: I have no idea.
Liz: wow, Im impressed that you remember! ;)
Tony: funny! :P
Liz: a girl will always be happy with perfume or jewelry
Liz: depends how much you want to spend
Tony: I have some $ for it
Brian: good husband :P
Tony: perfume sounds a good idea!
Tony: Liz, can you help me choose?
Liz: she likes Calvin Klein most, probably
Liz: or you can check in the bathroom, Tony!
Tony: oh yes, thx
Summary: Tony and his wife celebrate their anniversary next week. He doesn't know what to buy as a present. Liz suggests Calvin Klein perfume.
Dialogue: Jola: Hi Mary! Did I borrow you Pratchett 's 'Carpe Jugulum'?
Mary: Hi, yes. I got it. Do you want it back? 
Jola: Yes, please. Did you finish reading?
Mary: Yes, I can bring it tomorrow to the office.
Jola: Great. See u tomorrow!
Mary: Have a good evening!
Summary: Jola wants her book 'Carpe Jugulum' by Pratchett back. Mary finished reading it and she will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jessica: Did you see Kathy?
Joseph: She has just walked past me :D
Jessica: Is it just me or she looks somewhat different today?
Joseph: It's not just you, she DOES look different! XD
Jessica: Different and peculiar at the same time…
Joseph: I've got an impression that she did something to her eyebrows XD
Jessica: Yeah, it seems that one is thinner than the other XD
Joseph: We're awful, making fun of her like this…
Jessica: Oh come on! Has she ever been nice to you?
Joseph: Well, once she helped me with an Excel file XD
Jessica: LOL XD
Summary: Kathy looks different today. Joseph suspects she ineptly changed the shape of her eyebrows.
Dialogue: Troy: U got beer man?
Jared: You Slavs drink too much
Troy: So u got no beer?
Jared: I'll call your gf
Summary: Jared thinks Slavs use too much alcohol.
Dialogue: Leo: Do you guys have a kindle or an iPad I could borrow?
Martha: I have an iPad, but I'm using it :(
Jack: I have a kindle. What do you need it for?
Leo: I'm going to China and I don't have enough space in my luggage for all the books
Martha: Wow! China! How long are you going for?
Leo: A month, that's why I thought a kindle might be useful. The flight's long as well and I doubt I'll be able to buy English books there
Jack: Hm, I wouldn't be so sure, I don't think it'll be a problem
Leo: Maybe, but I think kindle will be a better solution
Jack: Sure, you can use but please bring it in one piece ;)
Leo: No worries!
Summary: Leo is going to China and needs to borrow a kindle or iPad to read during the long flight. Jack will lend Leo his kindle. 
Dialogue: Michael: Did you see what your son was watching this a.m.?
Lolly: It's okay if he watches the weather channel, isn't it?
Michael: Slightly strange, but yes, okay.
Lolly: You'll be glad to know he has a crush on the one girl who is on. That's why he watches it.
Michael: Whew! I thought he was just a nerd!
Lolly: LOL!
Michael: You know, like a sciency type.
Lolly: What's wrong with that?
Michael: He'll be smarter than me!
Lolly: Like that's hard.
Michael: Hey!
Lolly: J/K!
Michael: Besides, he's only 4.
Lolly: Just let him live!
Summary: Lolly's 4-year-old son was watching the weather channel this morning as he has a crush on the girl who appears there.
Dialogue: Pete: I need a present for Katie
Pete: Any suggestions?
Mark: For your anniversary?
Pete: yeah
Josh: perfume?
John: I got Mandy a bracelet
John: She was happy
Pete: She doesn't want jewellery
Mark: Does she like art?
Mark: A ticket to an art show?
Pete: hmm... that's something
Josh: a concert maybe? 
John: Let's buy them all tickets to a concert 
John: and it's a night out for us
Pete: that's a thought!
Pete: will check that out online 
Pete: and let you know!
John: All in?
Josh: Yes
Mark: Sure
Summary: Pete and Kate have anniversary. Pete, Mark and John decided to buy tickets to a concert for their girlfriends so that they will have a night out together.
Dialogue: Aurelie: Hi, Steve, could I work from home today?
Steve: Hi, Aurelie, why would that be?
Aurelie: I'm not feeling well and I don't want to catch anything on the bus...
Steve: You know what our policy regarding home office is, Aurelie.
Aurelie: I know, but I thought with the project's deadline around the corner it would be better for the company if I worked from home than if I got really sick and had to stay home on a sick leave.
Steve: You're right. When is the deadline exactly?
Aurelie: The day after tomorrow. And Ross is on holiday, so there is only Mathew and me in the team.
Steve: Oh, I see. 
Aurelie: So I would really appreciate it if you agreed. I would devote all my attention to this project - I would just do it from my bed, sipping hot tea...
Steve: OK, you may work from home today.
Aurelie: Thank you, Steve!
Steve: Just don't advertise it too much, or everyone will want to work from home next week.
Aurelie: Sure thing, boss! My lips are sealed.
Steve: I hope you feel better soon.
Aurelie: Thank you.
Steve: And I appreciate your devotion to this project and your responsibility. 
Summary: Aurelie will work from home today, because she's not feeling well. The project's deadline is the day after tomorrow, Ross is on holiday, so there's only Aurelie and Mathew in the team. 
Dialogue: Daniel: When will you be here?
Gabriella: Soon. Don't wait up for me. Just go inside. I'll meet you there. 
Daniel:  OK
Summary: Gabriella will meet Daniel inside as she doesn't want him to wait.
Dialogue: Ann: <file_video>
Lucy: what is it?
Ann: it's a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman :)
Ann: it's amazing!!
Lucy: it's pretty emotional
Ann: love it!!!
Summary: Ann sent Lucy a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman. They both think that it is stunning.
Dialogue: Mateo: I've got something juicy for you :D
Mateo: Emily Roberts got married to professor Taylor!!
Jack: Are you sure?
Mateo: Check out her fb page. :D
Mateo: There're lots of pics from their wedding day.
Jack: LOOOOOL
Jack: She was the dumbest and the meanest chick in our year. :o
Mateo: Well, I guess this is the reason, why she married him. :D
Mateo: Don't you remember how he was hittiong on EVERY SINGLE girl from our class?
Mateo: He definitely had a midlife crisis or something. :p
Jack: It's hard to forget. :D Especially, what he used to say about his now ex-wife.
Mateo: Oh gosh, he was such a jerk to her.
Jack: Well, looks like somebody's met his match. :D
Mateo: Yup. :D
Summary: Emily Roberts got married to professor Taylor, as Mateo says. There are pictures of their wedding on Facebook. 
Dialogue: Adam: How about going to London this weekend?
Sarah: Sure.
Martin: I can't. Sorry guys.
Sarah: Too much work?
Martin: This time it's not about work...
Sarah: Is that about... what's her name...?
Martin: Amanda. Yes, blame it on her :-)
Sarah: Well, well, well. Martin has a girlfriend now!
Adam: Congrats bro! She can come to London with us ;-)
Summary: Martin is not going to London with Adam and Sarah this weekend because he's seeing his girlfriend, Amanda.
Dialogue: Elijah: And Sanchez is still struggling at Old Trafford......😜😜😜
Fav:  face ur club and leave Alexis alone.
Shrestha:  LoL and what has Micki or Auba has done till now, at least he is playing CL football here not Europa 😂
Abdi:  There's no trophy for participation 😂😂
Seth:  He's simply being overpaid, and more of a liability to Manchester United
Summary: According to Seth, they overpay Seth Sanchez for playng for Manchester United.
Dialogue: Gerry: i need my money back
Laura: but you have used the phone and dropped in water it was not my fault 
Gerry:  you gave me warranty you need to pay back
Laura: it was for the faults not for accident please 
Gerry: you have to pay me
Laura: your blocked!
Summary: Gerry wants his money back. Laura isn't going to pay back because Gerry dropped her phone in water.
Dialogue: Andrew: We don't have much time left, if we take the underground, we'll be late for the ceremony
William: I know, it's taken too much time
William: Ann, are you ready?
Ann: not even
Monica: guys, give us 15mins more
Andrew: but we will be late!
Monica: we will take uber
Andrew: it will cost a fortune
Monica: no, it's uber
Andrew: do you even know where it is?
Monica: yes, I checked and planned everything 
Monica: so don't worry
Andrew: ok, if you say so
Andrew: we'll be at your place in 15min, ready
Summary: Andrew and William will be at Monica's place in 15 minutes. Andrew, William, Ann and Monica will take Uber to get to the ceremony.
Dialogue: Anna: any good move recommendations for tonight?? :)
Peter: i haven't seen anything lately... sorry
Meggy: how about the new James Bond movie?
Anna: i have seen that one yet
Peter: oh i've seen it too, it's okay, maybe not great but okay - i think you will like it anyways :)
Anna: thank you both! :) 
Summary: Meggy and Peter recommend the new James Bond movie to Anna.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Wanna dish?
Caroline: Always!! :D
Dorothy: Peter told me that George wanna split up with Jane.
Caroline: For the fifth time.... -.-
Dorothy: He told me this time it's for real.
Caroline: Yeah, right :D I don't believe it for a sec
Dorothy: Well, I dunno, they seemed pretty bored with each other lately.
Caroline: you think?
Dorothy: Yeah, don't you remember Michael's party?
Caroline: what about it?
Dorothy: They spent the whole party separately and they argued before they left....
Caroline: Oh, you're right! I forgot. 
Dorothy: Peter told me Jane might have someone on the side
Caroline: no way! It's just George being paranoid as always
Dorothy: well, I heard George looked at her messenger and found some messages...
Caroline: get out!!
Dorothy: I swear :D 
Caroline: If he found some messages why didn't he break up with her immediately?
Dorothy: you know how he is. He has to be sure, not to make any mistakes...
Caroline: LOL, so what's he gonna do, hire a detective to prove it? :D
Dorothy: hahaha I wouldn't be surprised.
Caroline: Oh, I think it's time they broke up. Every trip with them equals drama
Dorothy: Yeah, it would be weird though... Them being not together
Caroline: yeah, how long has it been? 7 years?
Dorothy: Something like that.. Freaky.
Caroline: Yeah.. keep me posted!
Dorothy: will do! xoxo
Summary: Dorothy and Caroline are gossiping about George and Jane splitting up. George looked through Jane's messages. They have been together for 7 years.
Dialogue: Carol: do you ever shop online?
Michelle: yes I do!
Carol: i just got a sweater and i think it may be too big
Michelle: buying clothes online is always a risk
Carol: i know!!! i'm having buyer's remorse.
Michelle: lol
Carol: what if it's too loose?
Michelle: you can always return it
Carol: that sounds like a big hassle
Michelle: it is a hassle, i've had to do it a couple of times
Carol: i shouldn't have ordered it!!!
Michelle: if it's too big you can always run it on the dryer and it'll shrink
Carol: wow, that's true! you're a genius
Michelle: I sure am
Summary: Carol can shrink the oversize sweater in the dryer instead of returning it.
Dialogue: Kendrick: Jordyn i have a question
Jordyn: yeah?
Kendrick: John said you've been doing teamwork in lessons
Jordyn: yeah
Kendrick: could you tell me sth about it?
Jordyn: what would you like to know?
Kendrick: well everything :D
Kendrick: I have no idea how to do it
Kendrick: i'm not much of a team player myself;)
Jordyn: ok so do you want to make it part of a regular English lesson or a separate form teacher's lesson?
Kendrick: regular maybe?
Jordyn: ok what i did was i printed out song lyrics and cut it into pieces 
Jordyn: i gave it to them and said nothing, just watched them
Kendrick: any song?
Jordyn: at first they were asking questions but soon enough they saw it's no use 
Jordyn: and that they need to figure it out themselves
Kendrick: ok
Jordyn: yeah it can be any song, but you need to make sure they don't know it
Jordyn: i mean they can know bits of it but usually they don't listen to lyrics so it's not such a big problem
Kendrick: ok, and that's it?
Jordyn: basically yeah, but afterwards i had a talk with them about team roles
Jordyn: you know, that there needs to be a leader etc
Jordyn: but you must remember to take their phones at the beginning of th lesson!
Kendrick: ok i didn't think of that
Kendrick: ;)
Jordyn: yeah, unfortunately if they have their phones it's not gonna work 
Kendrick: ok. i'll try
Jordyn: ok. let me know how it went! :D
Kendrick: i will ;D
Summary: Jordyn advises Kendrick how to do teamwork during an English lesson. 
Dialogue: Pete: Wanna see my new baseball shirt?
Mike: Sure, you’ve promised me last week;-)
Pete: <file_photo> :-)
Mike: Sooo cool, you’re gonna flash it around;-)
Pete: I know :-) 
Summary: Pete is showing Mike his new baseball shirt and Mike likes it. 
Dialogue: Alex: Hi. Can I talk to you?
Lesley: Hi. Who r u?
Alex: My name is Alex. U don't know me, 'cause we're not friends on Facebook yet, bt I have something important to tell you.
Lesley: Ok...
Alex: Have you heard about green wind turbines?
Lesley: Wind turbines painted green?
Alex: No, like ecological ones.
Lesley: Aren't they all?
Alex: Yes, probably, but these are like really eco-friendly.
Lesley: Ok...
Alex: So these wind turbines are killing birds.
Lesley: Murdering wind turbines? Sounds like a horror-film-plot ;)
Alex: I'm serious. I was in the fields last weekend and saw this qt jaybird get torn into pieces by the wings of a wind turbine.
Lesley: That's awful.
Alex: I know. I did some research and it turns out that thousands of birds die in this way every year. 
Lesley: So?
Alex: This is really important. I've created a petition to the government and would like you to sign it. 
Lesley: Y?
Alex: Don't u care about the birds?
Lesley: I do.
Alex: So will you sign the petition?
Lesley: What are you petitioning?
Alex: Ban on wind turbines.
Lesley: No. 
Alex: Y not?
Lesley: 'cause it's a bad idea.
Alex: But the birds are dying!
Lesley: Stop texting me. 
Alex: This is really important!
Lesley: And this is spam.
Summary: Green wind turbines kill birds according to Alex. Alex wants Lesley to sign the petition against them but she's not interested.
Dialogue: Ricky: where's my dope
Julian: fuck man don't text me about dope!! say stuff or sth
Ricky: dope dope DOPE
Summary: Ricky is asking Julian for his drug.
Dialogue: Liam: I am looking for a gift for mum for her birthday
Eva: Do you have any ideas?
Liam: <file_photo>
Eva: not a scale!! for a woman struggling with her weight, come on
Liam: Oh, right. then I don't know
Eva: Maybe a weekend in spa?
Liam: Could be!
Eva: <file_other>
Liam: That looks really good!
Eva: a bit expensive though
Liam: we could ask some other people to chip in, aunt Stella?
Eva: That's a possibility
Liam: or
Eva: ?
Liam: <file_other>
Eva: her favorite theatre <3
Liam: So which option?
Eva: I would go for the theatre tickets cause it could be just for us
Liam: Okay
Eva: <file_gif>
Summary: Liam is looking for a present for his mother's birthday.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: Look at this name, it's so funny
Gabrielle: I looked it up on google 
Gabrielle: <file_other>
Gabrielle: It's a cow 😂
Isabella: 😆
Isabella: With a baby cow 😍
Summary: Gabrielle shares a funny cow name with Isabella.
Dialogue: Maria: We're almost there guys, come down
Robert: I'm ready, but Tom isn't here yet
Tom: I'm downstairs
Robert: ok! so I'm coming
Summary: Tom is downstairs waiting for Maria. Robert is coming down.
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Tina: How beautiful <3 <3 <3 and elegant he is, Congrats again Monica
Monica: thank you! <3 how are you doing?
Tina: trying ti fit in in the jungle, weel see how it goes
Monica: fingers crossed :) i saw pics, looks good though\
Tina: man have to survive somehow :P
Monica: Aaa, so what are u doing on the daily basis?
Tina: mainly managing myself :P
Monica: (Y) and how are you feeling, are you ok?
Tina: I take care of myself
Monica: (Y)
Tina: I hope you do too. Mama is also important :P
Monica: I do I do, despite the fact the life has completely turned upside out
Tina: I can imagine
Monica: We ticked off the pediatrician this week, now the surgeon. it'sbaby acne and runny nose is killing us
Tina: My sister told that she has never got rid of this fear at the back of her head since she had her first kid
Monica: our neghbours fiance is a pediatrician, so we have instant consultations in emergency
Tina: (Y)
Tina: its going to be ok
Monica: charms of motherhood i suppose
Tina: I'm sure everything is going to be perfectly fine. All the best to your baby and hubbie
Monica: Thnks a lot <3
Summary: Monica is busy taking care of her firstborn. 
Dialogue: Pete: Did you let the cat out?!!!
Jane: Yes. Why?
Pete: You weren't supposed to let him out. He's injured and under house arrest. That's is not good enough. I thought that you're responsible! Grrrr!
Summary: Jane let the cat out. Pete is very angry.
Dialogue: Grace: how long have you known jack?
Anderson: not sure...
Anderson: maybe 5 years?
Grace: what does he do for a living?
Anderson: i dont know :-/
Grace: you don't know?!?!?! lol
Grace: you've known the man for five years!!!!
Anderson: i'm not sure what he does lol
Anderson: why do you ask?
Grace: because yesterday when we all went out he kept complaining about it
Grace: how he didn't like any of his colleagues...
Grace: how he had to travel all the time...
Grace: stuff like that
Anderson: again, i don't know what he does
Anderson: i'll ask next time i see him
Summary: Anderson has known Jack for about 5 years, but doesn't know what he does for a living. Yesterday Jack complained to Grace about his work. Anderson will ask Jack about it when he sees him next time. 
Dialogue: Paul: Hey Meg, how are your interviews going?
Meghan: Excellent! I’ve almost made it. There’s only one interview left with the Hub Director 😊
Paul: Glad to hear that! It’s cheered me right up!
Meghan: How’s your work?
Paul: Not so bad, but I’m thinking of moving on and changing it for something much better
Summary: Meghan is having interviews and they are going well. Meghan is having just one more with the Hub Director. Paul is considering looking for a better job.
Dialogue: Ben: Could you send me your recipes  pls? I need new ideas.
Joy: slice of fresh salmon plus sesame oil and soya sauce and honey
Ben: so quick ...very efficient
Joy: cod fillet, lime juice, olive oil and fresh coriander
Ben: thanks a lot. Is the weather bad in Warsaw?
Joy: i try to put some sun in it...
Joy: chicken with peanuts butter and coconut cream. Delicious with rice
Ben: super
Joy: i've got some more..
Ben: that's good for now. thanks
Summary: Ben needs new recipe ideas from Joy. She suggests salmon with sesame oil and soy sauce and honey, cod with lime juice, olive oil, and coriander, and chicken with peanut butter, coconut cream, and rice. Joy is now in Warsaw. The weather is not very pleasant.
Dialogue: Darren: Seat is the way forward 
Steven: A fake golf 😂
Marcus:  Its cheaper and nicer tho Steven
Holly: And bigger
Steven: Its a nice car :) I dunno that its bigger though...
 Marcus: It is.
Summary: Seat is cheaper and nicer than Golf, but may not be bigger.
Dialogue: Kelvin: Hey Candy. It's Kelvin This is my number
Candy: Oow okay
Kelvin: I really enjoyed hanging out with you today
Candy: Really?😂 But it was the first time we met
Kelvin: Haha yeah. 
Candy: Honestly I also enjoyed sharing time with you. Thanks
Kelvin: So you have any plans tomorrow?
Candy: Not really
Kelvin: So i guess we can meet again. But that is if it is okay with you
Candy: Definitely
Kelvin: Okay see you then. Bye
Candy: Bye
Summary: Candy and Kelvin met earlier today for the first time. They will meet again tomorrow.
Dialogue: Logan: hi guys, should we rent some bicycles for two days that we'll spend on the island?
Megan: I'm not sure, I'm ab bit afraid of cycling 
John: ahahah, you're ridiculous! how come?
Megan: I had an accident when I was a child
Ann: really, you've never told me about it
Logan: Megan, it was long time ago, you should try again, I'll help you
John: I'm sorry I laughed, we'll cycle slowly, carefully
Logan: because it's such a beautiful island to cycle through
Ann: and I'm not even sure we can drive a car there
Megan: ok, I have you word!
Logan: perfect!
Summary: Megan is afraid of cycling, because she had an accident in the past. Logan, Megan, John and Ann will rent some bicycles to cycle through the island.
Dialogue: Dominique: I must say I was shocked by Lisa's behaviour
Glesny: I wasn't 
Glesny: I know she's been through hell
Roberta: What do you mean?
Glesny: Her husband abuses her verbally and physically
Glesny: Don't tell me you've never seen her bruises
Dominique: She always said it was from her son who is hyperactive and lacks motor coordination
Glesny: Bullshit
Glesny: Have you ever seen the kid?
Glesny: He's a little angel. Very shy and peaceful. Just a normal kid...
Roberta: I had no idea about the violence
Glesny: It's been going for years
Glesny: I tried to help her
Glesny: But it's not easy
Glesny: She's trapped in her marriage 
Dominique: But what does Mrs Owens have to do with it?
Dominique: She shouldn't have shouted at her.
Glesny: I wouldn't blame her 
Glesny: This whole situation is costing her a lot
Glesny: She's on a verge of a nervous breakdown 
Summary: Lisa's on a verge of a nervous breakdown because of domestic violence she's been going through for years. That's why Glesny wasn't shocked by her behaviour when Mrs Owens had shouted at her.
Dialogue: Kevin: When are you going?
Yannick: Where?
Kevin: To the mall
Kevin: With mom 
Yannick: I am waiting for her
Yannick: She's still upstairs
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: I might go for a walk with the dog
Yannick: Ok She is coming dstairs
Kevin: K i will be back soon
Kevin: What u guys buying?
Yannick: Idk
Summary: Yannick is going to the mall with mom soon, while Kevin might take the dog for a walk.
Dialogue: Beth: heey, I heard Sanders saying smth how you're all signed up for multilingualism
Beth: i can't do it, the system won't let me
Beth: and i'm wondering if i'm the only one :(
Jade: hey, don't worry, i was only able to sign up for like 3-4 classes
Jade: one of us emailed the IT guy but radio silence since
Beth: you're kidding
Beth: i also wrote him to sign me up for my additional lectures and got ignored
Beth: i guess we all have to come up to him in person so he can do it all collectively
Jade: yeah, seems like the only option rn
Jade: btw you know which IT guy this is?
Beth: Campbell, from the applied linguistics dep
Beth: so i guess that other building
Jade: ok, i think i'll go there tomorrow if i can make it :p
Beth: just don't know which room he's in
Jade: i'll figure that out :)
Beth: which doesn't change the fact i wouldn't mind if prof Sanders threw me out of her class
Beth: cause I'm not on the list
Jade: ahahahah true!
Jade: btw did you do the homework? xD
Beth: forgot to check our inbox...
Beth: so I guess I'm not showing up tomorrow
Jade: i'm considering this as well
Beth: was it something massive?
Beth: i take my sleeping seriously after all
Jade: we were supposed to summarize some paper
Beth: nooooooo
Jade: as if there was no abstract... ;)
Beth: exactly...
Summary: Beth and Jade have some trouble signing up for classes, but the IT guy ignores their e-mails for help. Jade will go there tomorrow to see him. Beth and Jade might skip the class tomorrow as they didn't do the homework.
Dialogue: Mark: Finally, some decision!
Anna: So, what's next?
George: Yeah, Mark, make us an offer we can't refuse :P
Mark: Rotfl Stahp it!
Anna: Lol
Julia: brb
Mark: Let's talk about when!
Anna: June?
George: I can't in June. Have a lot of work then. July maybe?
Anna: July is fine by me.
Mark: Me too. Bt let's w8 4 Anna.
Anna: back. What did I miss?
Mark: Were talking bout the when. How about July?
Anna: Sure. The first or the second half?
George: First
Anna: Second
Mark: Second
Anna: Pickle.
Mark: Come to the dark side, Anna. ;)
Julia: No, Anna! Remember - solidarity of women! :P
Anna: (angry sigh)
Mark: And so it begins ;)
Anna: Let's compromise - 2nd and 3rd week of July?
Mark: Fine by me.
George: Me too.
Julia: Likewise.
Summary: Mark, Anna, George and Julia agreed on second and third week of July.
Dialogue: Jackson: I like that duo with sixtynine and nicki
Kaleigh: They're great together eh? 
Kala: Yeah I love FEFE
Kala: They're matching! 
Jackson: Their video is great too
Kaleigh: I wonder if they're going to make another clip together
Kaleigh: They great
Kala: I wonder if they're coming to Calgary for a concert
Jackson: That would be hard
Jackson: But we'll see 
Kaleigh: I just
Kaleigh: Adore them 
Kala: K Kaleigh we understand
Summary: Jackson, Kaleigh and Kala are fond of sixtynine and nicki duo and their mutual clip.
Dialogue: Mel: Did you take my jacket?
John: Yeah you left in on the chair, sorry forgot to tell you
John: I'll bring it in tomorrow ok?
Mel: Brilliant, thanks!
Summary: Mel left her jacket on the chair and John'll bring it to her tomorrow.
Dialogue: Todd: Hi, Sara.. just wondering, did you get my email?
Sara: Yes. Sorry,  I've been very busy. 
Sara: Will answer you tomorrow, ok?
Todd: Ok. tomorrow is fine;-) 
Todd: But no later, please. 
Summary: Sara will answer Todd's email tomorrow.
Dialogue: Joyce: How do you get your news
Haiden: I have different means
Joyce: Can you share some of them?
Haiden: I hear news mostly on TV
Joyce: What about when you are travelling
Haiden: I have a radio in my cellphone as well
Joyce: Do you use any app>
Haiden: Yeah I use newsify
Joyce: I have also been using that app lately
Haiden: Its pretty much good except for one thing
Joyce: What?
Haiden: The comment section is limited
Joyce: Yeah we can do only comment on a post with limited words
Haiden: :/
Joyce: At least It is a good source 
Haiden: You know some other apps?
Joyce: I will share the link of another one
Haiden: Ok waiting
Joyce: I am a bit busy right now
Summary: Haiden's news sources are TV, cellphone radio and an app - Newsify. Newsify has a downside of having limited comment section. Joyce will send Haiden a link to other app, as he was busy at the moment.
Dialogue: Richie: <file_gif>
Richie: have you seen the last episode?
Penelope: yes ;________;
Richmond: it was TRAUMATIC
Daphne: Penelope and I cried our eyes out
Richie: I hated it
Richmond: it was totally out of her character
Richmond: she would never ever do that 
Richie: srsly? I felt so bored
Penelope: :O
Daphne: bored? you must have watched a different tv show
Richmond: bored it's the last word I would use
Richmond: how can you describe killing your daughter's stalker as boring?
Penelope: and that flashback was so intense!
Richie: what stalker?
Daphne: and music gave me chillls
Penelope: Richie, what ep did you watch?
Richie: the last ep of QaF
Richmond: the UK or USA version?
Richie: uk
Penelope: LOOOOL
Daphne: <file_gif>
Richmond: dude we are all watching USA version here :DDDDDDDDD
Richie: fuck
Penelope: so now we know why your views differ so much from ours
Daphne: looks like we spoiled you the decent QaF version :D
Daphne: sorry
Richmond: I can't believe it took us three season to notice that, lol
Richie: <file_gif>
Summary: Richmond finds the last episode traumatic, Daphne and Penelope cried while watching it, while Richie finds it boring. It turns out Richie was watching the UK version, while the others were watching the US version of QaF, so they were talking about a different episode. 
Dialogue: Bob: Hi, Henry. How far you on the job.
Henry: 50% done I'd say.
Bob: Not good. You need to speed up a bit.
Henry: What do you mean. The deadline is next week.
Bob: No, it isn't. They moved it for this Friday.
Henry: You kidding?
Bob: I kid you not.
Henry: Are they out of their fucking mind?
Bob: Always suspected it, really.
Henry: No fucking way I am gonna make it for Friday.
Bob: Have faith. I know you can do it!
Henry: Sure. I'll just skip sleeping for a couple of nights.
Bob: There you go! That's what I call positive thinking=)
Summary: Henry's 50% done with the job. The deadline has been moved for this Friday, so he needs to really hurry up. He might need to skip sleeping for a few nights.
Dialogue: Mauro: mom, dad told i cant go out
Mauro: but i have to buy notebook
Mom: i will buy you this notebook, you have to stay home and read a lecture
Summary: Mauro needs a notebook. His Mom is going to buy one for him, because he has some required reading and has to stay at home.
Dialogue: Maria: Should we do some shopping later today?
Conor: for the trip?
Maria: yes, maybe?
Serena: I would go to the malls at the outskirts
Serena: where IKEA is
Jenny: right! they also have TKMaxx
Conor: oh, no I hate it!
Maria: but there is a big choice of shops
Conor: I mean TKMaxx
Jenny: Why?!
Conor: it's just like a huge second-hand
Conor: just ugly, I can never find anything interesting there
Jenny: I know, it may seems scary
Jenny: but give it a try and you may find some amazing bargains
Conor: ok, we can go there together
Summary: Maria, Conor, Serena and Jenny will go shopping to the malls at the outskirts today. They want to buy something for their trip in TKMaxx.
Dialogue: Jessica: I lost my banana bread recipe. Is it okay if I make brownies for Thursday instead?
George: I guess, but that's not really a breakfast norm, is it?
Jessica: Oh, right, I forgot it was breakfast. Now what?
George: Corn muffins? 
Jessica: I can get down with that! Do you have a recipe?
George: Heck no! I just buy the Jiffy mix!
Jessica: Cheating! LOL!
George: You know it! They are just as good.
Jessica: I could add some bacon, jalapeno and cheese!
George: That would dress them up. Brilliant!
Jessica: Great, that's what I'll do. Is there anything else?
George: Just yourself!
Jessica: I will be there!
George: Looking forward to seeing you!
Summary: Jessica will make corn muffins using the "Jiffy" mix for the Thursday breakfast. She might add some bacon, jalapeno, and cheese to the muffins.
Dialogue: Kate: Heading out for dinner now if anyone wants to tag along
Julia: Where to?
Kate: Bakery
Julia: I'm in! Wait up!
Summary: Kate goes to the bakery. Julia wants to join Kate.
Dialogue: Ania: Have you shown the new flat to mom and Daria? ;)
Ola: Yeah, today we went to check it out and measure everything. I want to buy a new sofa so I need to know the size. Daria said that there is a nice atmosphere, she liked the flat a lot :D
Ania: Awesome! Yeah, you probably have to order the sofa very soon
Ola: Yeah, it takes around four weeks
Ania: We were today at my friend's, she also moved in to a new flat recently
Ola: And how did you like it?
Ania: She renovated everything very nicely :) but she said she would never decide to make such a serious refurbishment again
Ola: Yeah, it's always a pain in the ass...
Ania: So it's awesome that you have everything ready to move in. Her renovation lasted 6 months
Ola: OMG! Must have been costly as well!
Ania: Yeah, I guess
Ola: And how big is her flat?
Ania: Around 40 sq m
Ola: Same as mine :))
Ania: It seemed quite spacious
Summary: Ola showed the new flat to mom and Daria today. Daria liked the flat. Ola will order a new sofa for the flat. Ania visited a friend today, who also bought and renovated a flat recently.The renovation lasted 6 months. The friend's flat is about 40 m2, just like Ola's.
Dialogue: Jim: I've been to MoMA today
Jim: there is an amazing exhibition about Yugoslav architecture
Jim: Have you seen it?
Nic: Yes, last month, this is a really beautifully curated exhibition
Jenny: Jim, I wanted to know your opinion about it, since you know so much about the region
Jenny: Is it really so well made? because for a person who knows nothing about Yugoslavia it seems quite amazing
Jim: it is extremely well prepared and presented, even for someone who knows the subject quite well
Jim: I found out a lot from this exhibition
Zac: Would you do anything differently? Do you have any critical remarks to share?
Jim: hmm, nothing really critical. I just had some ideas, what else could be presented or added
Zac: like what?
Jim: they show this beautiful project for Skopje, after the big earthquake
Jim: when Yugoslavia together with the UN prepared a huge plan to rebuilt the destroyed city
Jim: this is a project that became a part of history of architecture and urbanism
Zac: it seems so
Jim: but what is also very interesting is what happened afterwards
Jim: when they abandoned the project, criticised it and most of all the new project - Skopje 2014
Jenny: I heard it's horrible
Jim: it us a nightmare. So Skopje transformed from a city that was planned to have the best architecture in the world to a city with arguably the ugliest, most kitschy buildings
Jenny: this story sounds very interesting indeed.
Jim: yes, but maybe it would be good for another exhibition
Jenny: maybe
Summary: Jim and Nick saw the exhibition about Yugoslav architecture in MoMA. Jim finds the exhibition extremely well prepared and presented. Jim thinks architecture in Skopje could be a good topic for another exhibition.
Dialogue: Mark: And how's fifa 18 wc???
Greg: Awesome
Greg: Playing yesterday for 6hrs
Tom: I agree, good stuff
Mark: 6 h, omg, pretty long
Greg: Ellen went to her mother, so... :D
Mark: Hahahah, I know what you mean :P
Summary: Greg played fifa 18 wc for 6 hours and he finds the game awesome. Tom also recommends fifa 18 wc to Mark.
Dialogue: Rick: Hey, what up?
Diddy: Nothin much. Whatcha doing?
Rick: I was thinking about going to the baseball game today. Wanna come?
Diddy: Maybe, who are we playing tonight?
Rick: New York
Diddy: You think we can get tickets? It's always hard when they're in town.
Rick: Yeah, there'll always be some, just gotta go down and see. If not, we'll do something downtown.
Diddy: Cool. Did you see last night's game against the Royals? We killed 'em.
Rick: I just caught the last 2 innings, but I saw the Bichette homer, it was a monster!
Diddy: Yeah, one of the longest ones hit this year. I'm feeling this could be our year
Rick: Yeah, it's looking good.
Diddy: Hey, you have any Jays caps or jerseys or something?
Rick: I just have 1 cap. Didn't you have the Jays shirt?
Diddy: Yeah, but it's in the wash. I don't wanna wear a stinky tee :)
Rick: Buy something at the game then.
Diddy: Yeah, right. You know the prices there.
Rick: Anyways, let's meet up at 5 at Islington station, ok?
Diddy: Ok, but I might be late. I don't get out till 4 and then it's gonna take me a while through traffic.
Rick: Ok, no problem. I'll be waiting.
Diddy: If we have time, let's grab something to eat before the game.
Rick: Ok, but hurry your ass. See ya.
Diddy: Bye
Summary: Rick and Diddy want to go the baseball game today against New York. The last game of their club against the Royals was very good. Rick has a cap but Diddy's shirt is dirty. In case they can't get tickets they will do something downtown. They arrange to meet at 5 but Diddy might be late.
Dialogue: Ida: Can you get another ticket?
Mark: ticket for what?
Ida: the concert duh!
Mark: hmm I'll try
Mark: but it might have sold out
Ida: ok please try
Mark: sure no prob
Ida: and let me know
Mark: who's the ticket for?
Ida: my sister
Mark: ok
Summary: Ida wants to get a ticket for a concert for her sister. Mark will see what he can do about it. He is afraid the tickets have sold out.
Dialogue: Natasha: Mum's birthday is in two weeks
Joseph: I know. 
Joseph: I have no idea what to give her...
Hilda: Me neither 
Hilda: She has everything
Natasha: Maybe we should give her an experience 
Hilda: What do you mean?
Natasha: Last year for my birthday my friends took me out to do bungee jumping
Hilda: Mum wouldn't like that...
Natasha: Of course not 
Natasha: But we can think of a different experience
Hilda: Like a trip or something?
Joseph: I think mum would love a trip to Italy!
Natasha: What a great idea!!
Natasha: She loves Italy
Natasha: When did she go there last time?
Joseph: 5 years ago... I think
Joseph: Where should we take her?
Hilda: I think she really liked Venice.
Natasha: Lets do it! 
Summary: Mum's birthday is in two weeks. Hilda, Joseph and Natasha are going to take Mum to Venice.
Dialogue: Jason: Hey Emily! What did the doctor say.. What are the results of the ultrasound??
Emily: The results are quite good.. The growth rate of the embryo is normal.. 
Jason: Thank God.... What did the doctor say about the gender??
Emily: well why don't you take a guess..
Jason: ohkay... so i will go with a boy..
Emily: No way!!
Jason: Have I guessed it right???? Please say yes.. please say yes...
Emily: yes you are right.. I am expecting a boy..
Jason: Congratulations ... love you :love
Summary: Emily went to the doctor for an ultrasound. The growth rate of the embryo is normal. Emily is expecting a boy.
Dialogue: Ayla: I'm starting believing that I will be always alone hahhaa
Danny: You can always get a dildo hahaha
Ayla: Haha but I mean a real person xd And I don't mean sex. But yeah, soon or later I will buy a dildo
Danny: Maybe you should just turn lesbian haha
Ayla: No, I need a man. Not a woman
Danny: Haha
Ayla: But, unfortunately, I can't see any good one around me
Danny: Haha she can just wear a strap on
Ayla: I mean man and it's not because of any dick. Just man, not woman
Danny: Hahahaha
Ayla: But yeah, if it is still like this I will have to think about this :)
Danny: Think about what ?
Ayla: Turning lesbian
Danny: Haha
Ayla: Yep
Summary: Ayla is single and has trouble finding a boyfriend.
Dialogue: Terrence: what's new?
Sabrina: i'd say the situation is dynamic
Terrence: oh?
Sabrina: yeah
Sabrina: i got an email today that i'm to be a form teacher starting September
Terrence: wow 
Sabrina: yeah
Terrence: i mean that's great isn't it?
Sabrina: <file_gif>
Terrence: not convinced, i see?
Sabrina: i don't really know what to think about it
Sabrina: on the one hand i like workign with students and they like me 
Terrence: but?
Sabrina: but it's so fucking emotionally draining
Sabrina: every time a kid with problems comes to me i feel responsible
Terrence: does sound draining
Sabrina: yeah and i get you know pains in my chest or headaches
Sabrina: because of stress and all the emotions
Terrence: i see
Terrence: but for them u'd be like the perfect form teacher
Sabrina: yeah but only till i hold on ;)
Terrence: #fact
Sabrina: so as you can see, a lot's going on;)
Terrence: the situation really is dynamic;)
Sabrina: and how are you? 
Terrence: hahaha yeah i'm fine, absolutely ;D no problems of this sort;D
Sabrina: good for you hahaha 
Terrence: ;D
Summary: Sabrina got an e-mail today, with the offer to work as a form teacher starting September. Sabrina is hesitating whether to accept the job, as  she fears it can be too emotionally draining for her. 
Dialogue: Dave: Fancy a drink tonight?
Mikey: Nope.
Mikey: Spending this night with my lady.
Mikey: Next time!
Dave: Have fun!
Summary: Mikey is spending tonight with his lady and can't have a drink with Dave.
Dialogue: Greg: Ms. Hawkins, I believe your dog shit on my loan.
Ms. Hawkins: He would never do such a thing!
Greg: Well I saw him?
Ms. Hawkins: Do you have a witness?
Greg: No, I don't. I cleaned it this time. But don't let it happen again, please.
Ms. Hawkins: And you tell the lady who left your house at 5 am this morning to lose the hat. It's awful!
Summary: Ms. Hawkins' dog shat on his lawn, but she doesn't believe it.
Dialogue: Steve: we went to see 'Clergy' yesterday. Have you seen it?
Paul: I have.
Luke: me too. 
Luke: what do you think? 
Steve: they made so much publicity about it beforehand, and I expected god knows what.
Steve: in fact, it was not so shocking to me. 
Paul: right, but it was quite impressive.
Paul: I particularly liked the scene when they were partying and drinking hard, at the beginning.
Luke: yeah, it was good! Drinking, crazy games.
Paul: Janusz Gajos rocked as a priest. His drunken scene was a masterpiece!
Luke: yeah, respect to the man.
Steve: and the ending was shocking to me. 
Steve: the only good dude didnt end up well
Luke: sad
Paul: yep
Summary: Steve, Paul and Luke have all seen the film 'Clergy'. It was not as shocking as they'd thought. 
Dialogue: Layla: thanks for dropping me off!!
Layla: i just took a shower and I'm going to bed
Luke: r u feeling better?
Layla: 100%
Luke: ull probably wake up with a headache tomorrow
Layla: i know
Layla: i shouldn’t have drank so much
Layla: but we were having such a great time!!!
Luke: that's fine, you've learned your lesson
Layla: i learned my lessonm, I won’t overdo it next time
Luke: go to sleep and rest
Luke: good night
Summary: Layla is feeling better now and realises she shouldn't have drunk so much.   
Dialogue: John: R u watching the match?
Frank: Yep!
John: Liverpool are unbeaten in this season's Premier League!
Frank: they have 28 points! It’s the highest ever tally at this stage of a Premier League season!
John: they’ve just missed their golden chance…
Scott: Oh nooooo
Summary: John and Frank are watching the match. Liverpool has 28 points this season.
Dialogue: Jill: I'm on my way now. Be ready waiting outside, ok?
George: Ok, but is there anything to eat?
Jill: Just grab a bite of something and we'll buy something after training.
George: Ok, we'll go for fries.
Jill: Whatever you want.
George: Thanks, you're the best!
Summary: Jill is on her way. George will be waiting for her outside. Jill and George will go for fries after training.
Dialogue: Carmen: Have you seen "Kler"? This movie about the clergy and their scams.
Jennifer: heard of it, but haven't seen it. Have you seen it?
Carmen: yeah, I went to the cinema yesterday with Joseph
Jennifer: and how was it?
Carmen: it's as controversial as they say, but there is a lot of truth in it. Not in the entire film of course, but still...
Jennifer: what do you mean by controversial?
Carmen: well...it discusses some uncomfortable matters which the clergy are often being accused of, and which some people are often trying to obscure
Jennifer: I understand...but I don't think I'll watch it, I'd rather watch something funny and pleasant instead of pissing myself off and paying for it
Carmen: I get it, but if you change your mind, you'll not regret it. It might be a heavy piece of work but it definitely forces to rethink some matters and be more careful when it comes to the real life.
Jennifer: I'll keep your suggestion in mind. How are you, btw?
Carmen: I'm quite ok, just chilling right now. Tomorrrow I'm going to university and later to work, I don't know how I'm gonna survive this :/
Jennifer: you will, we can meet later and chill a little bit, if you want.
Carmen: If I won't be dead, then with pleasure. I guess we spent an evening together like ages ago :/
Jennifer: that's how being adult looks like :P no time for anything, even for sleeping
Carmen: I think a good shopping will wake me up. Wanna go? maybe not tomorrow, but this week
Jennifer: sure, do you have anything particular in mind?
Carmen: Well, I was thinking of a new lipstick and of some dress, as always
Jennifer: Actually I need a lipstick too, sephora?
Carmen: might be sephora, but there are 3 other places we can visit to see what they have
Jennifer: sure, we'll see. Hm... I also need a notebook
Carmen: a notebook?
Jennifer: yeah, like a paper one xD you won't believe it but my dog ate the old one
Carmen: nigga what xDDDD
Jennifer: yeah, he just literally chewed it looking me in the eye
Carmen: hell no ahahahahahahah I just died
Jennifer: yeah....just regret you haven't seen it, no vine could ever beat it xD
Carmen: geez, I'm crying xD sorry but I couldn't stop it
Jennifer: no problem, now I'm crying too xDDD
Summary: Carmen went to the cinema with Joseph to see ''Kler''. Carmen thinks it is controversial but true and worth seeing but Jennifer prefers funny films. Carmen is going to university and then to work tomorrow. Jennifer suggests shopping later. Carmen agrees to go this week except for tomorrow.
