Dialogue: Nat: i'll be there at 6:30 pm
Paul: ok i'll come and  pick you up
Nat: just landed, last turn..
Paul: cool, i'm on my way
Nat: luggage are annonced..
Paul: ok i'm waiting
Summary: Nat has landed and waiting for the luggage. Paul is waiting for her. 
Dialogue: Kate: How was your workout? :D
Jessica: Done! :)
Kate: Good girl!!!
Jessica: Donna?
Kate: Donna we can see you...
Donna: no you cant :)
Kate: come on... say it!
Donna: uhm... me? what? :)
Jessica: Did the elliptical for 45 minutes then ran 2 miles on the treadmill!
Kate: Awesome! So proud of you
Donna: ok I did half mile sprint this morning... no time for anything else :(
Kate: That's fine. More than nothing :)
Donna: will make up for it tomorrow
Jessica: Want to meet tomorrow DOnna?
Donna: I cant :( too much work :(
Jessica: OK let's talk Sat.morning
Summary: Jessica did the elliptical for 45 minutes then ran 2 miles on the treadmill, Donna did a half mile sprint this morning, as she's busy. 
Dialogue: Mary: Have you took my eye shadow?
Lizzy: No, Anna did.
Mary: I'll kill her!
Summary: Anna took Mary's eye shadow.
Dialogue: Claire: Hey, when are you on vacation?
Brad: Next month, on the 20th.
Claire: Oh, yeah. I knew it was at the end of the month but I wasn't sure of the day.
Brad: Are you searching destinations?
Claire: Yeah, I was looking into some places that seem cool.
Brad: In Europe?
Claire: Yeah, that's what we've agreed on, right?
Brad: We talked about it but we've never actually agreed on something specific.
Claire: So you don't want to go somewhere in Europe?
Brad: I do!
Claire: Okay. Do you have a country in mind?
Brad: I was thinking Spain or Italy, something in the south.
Claire: Yeah, agree. I could use some sun.
Brad: Same.
Claire: So, I'm looking at some prices here. Would you rather stay in a hotel ou rent a house for a week?
Brad: I don't know, how about you?
Claire: The hotels are a little more central, but the houses have a kitchen so we could save some money on food.
Brad: Oh, yeah, That hadn't even crossed my mind. This way we don't have to eat out every time.
Claire: Exatcly, and it's actually cheaper.
Brad: Really? Then I guess it's settled.
Claire: Yes, one thing out of the way.
Summary: Brad booked time off next month, on the 20th. Brad and Claire are going on vacation to Spain or Italy. They want to rent a house so they can cook and save on food.
Dialogue: Clair: Soo how was last night? ;>
Ted: Mhmmm don’t even ask cause I'll start imagining that again <3
Clair: We need to do it again ;>
Ted: Yea definitely, but I don’t know about this week, I’m busy
Clair: OK, let me know when do you have time then
Summary: Ted and Clair met last night. They want to meet again but Ted is busy this week.
Dialogue: Irena: guys i was expecting more then a blue eye coments 😂 Dont you see the poor man needs an oxygen?
Steven: Yes, true, but, the positioning of your hands in this photo just makes the "blue eyes" comment seem sooooo appropriate :)
Kim: I agree with you 😊
Irena: Steven too easy 😋
Irena: it looks like im holding an invisible beer glass, waithing for Mario to get back at dancing
Steven: Well it certainly does look like you wore him out :)
Summary: Irena has shared a photo with Steven and Kim. Irena's friends commented on the photo with the "blue eyes" comment. The man in the picture with Irena looks tired.
Dialogue: Linda: Hey Bryan! Welcome to the group! :D
Brian: It's Brian with an "i". And thanks for adding me :-)
Linda: Sorry. I have a cousin called Bryan. 
Brian: It's ok.
Diane: How do you find Ashton High?
Brian: It's a big school. Much bigger than the one I went to. 
Brian: I hope I'll make friends here :-)
Linda: You already did! We are your new friends :-) 
Summary: Linda welcomes Brian to the group. Brian is a new student at Ashton High.
Dialogue: Tina: Hi Anne!
Anne: Hi! 
Tina: What are you doing this weekend?
Anne: Nothing special. Have you got any ideas? :D
Tina: Well, yes! :) I was thinking of throwing a party on Saturday. What do you think?
Anne: Great idea! Garden party?
Tina: Of course!
Anne: Perfect! Go with it! 
Summary: Tina is planning to organize a garden party on Saturday. Anne supports the idea.
Dialogue: Stella: what u doing?
Gwen: taking a bath
Stella: with a phone? lol
Gwen: always 😆
Gwen: ttyl
Summary: Gwen is taking a bath with her phone, which baffles Stella.
Dialogue: Crescent: Did you vote?
Dack: Yes I did 
Crescent: To whom?
Dack: I voted for the man of my choice although I think all the politicians are the same.
Crescent: But really, to whom did you vote?
Dack: Hey remember the principle of secret ballot?
Dack: Besides I don't wanna talk about politics with my best friend. 
Dack: There is a famous saying 
Dack: "don't talk about politics and religion with your best friends"
Crescent: Well why do you take it that seriously?
Crescent: I am not your gf dude
Crescent: You don't need to worry about "losing" me hahahaha
Dack: Well if you say so...
Dack: I voted for.. 
Summary: Crescent insists on Dack to tell him for whom he voted but Dack refuses. He seriously cites a saying that one does not talk about politics and religion with one's best friends. This reaction surprises Crescent, as he finds it more fitting towards a girlfriend.
Dialogue: Mathew: Do you fancy a pizza?
Ann: I would prefer some salad.
Mathew: Ok,
Mathew: Let's meet in the hall.
Summary: Ann and Mathew are going to meet in the hall and go eat something.
Dialogue: Alina: guys, are you going to be on time, I'm a bit late with preparations
Mary: don't worry, I won't get there before 8
Patrick: me neither, take your time
Alina: I'm so relieve, sorry, I wanted to bake a cake but it didn't go as planned
Patrick: hahaha, the lemon cake?
Alina: yes :(
Patrick: I told you I don't know anybody who would manage to follow the receipt and get a proper lemon cake.
Alina: something is wrong with the receipt maybe
Patrick: yup
Summary: Baking the lemon cake for the meeting didn't go as Alina planned it.
Dialogue: Hannah: Hey Honey, I want to return books to the library, but I cannot find a single one of them!
David: That's because I already returned them last week XD
Hannah: Oh really? That's great, then I can borrow some new ones :-) Do you need anything?
David: Pls check if there is this new crime novel by J.K Rowling, I'll send you a pic
Hannah: You mean Robert Galbraith?
David: <file_photo>
Summary: David returned the books to the library last week. Now he wants the new crime novel by J.K Rowling.
Dialogue: Jessie: <file_picture>
Jessie: <file_picture>
Jessie: <file_picture>
Jessie: <file_picture>
Jessie: <file_picture>
Logan: ha, what are all those?
Jessie: Oh nothing, just some ideas for Christmas presents in case you were wondering what I wanted 
Logan: ha ok, well I think that just ruins the surprise doesn't it 
Jessie: No surprises are lame, it's a lot better to just get what you wanted 
Logan: Ha ok, well then I'll send you what I want 
Logan: <file_picture>
Jessie: lol Logan, I'm not going to buy you a car for Christmas 😂
Logan: But that's what I want! 
Jessie: Yeah, let's be a little bit more realistic about this! 
Summary: Jessie has sent Logan some suggestions of the things she'd like to get for Christmas.
Dialogue: Kate: did you buy the gift for Maddy?
Sheila: no, I'm sorry but I couldn't do that before the weekend
Kate: ok
Kate: and what about those toys for the kids?
Sheila: Shannon ordered it last week but she won't get it before wednesday
Kate: ok so we still have time
Sheila: I don't know if I make it this week, I'm sick (yes, again...) and don't know when I get better
Kate: again??? so sorry to hear that!
Kate: get better soon!
Sheila: thanks. look here's a picture of option 2
Sheila: <file_photo>
Sheila: and option 3
Sheila: <file_photo>
Sheila: what do you think?
Kate: definitely 2
Sheila: I agree
Sheila: Shannon likes both but 2 is just Mad's style...
Kate: totally
Kate: maybe I'll be able to buy it tomorrow, I'll let you know
Kate: did you see your doctor?
Sheila: not yet... you know it's just a cold
Kate: you should read this post
Kate: <file_other>
Kate: be careful babe, go to the doctor
Summary: Shannon ordered toys for the kids. Sheila could not buy gift for Maddy before the weekend. She is sick again and has a cold, but she did not go to the doctor yet. Kate sent Sheila photos and they agreed that option 2 will be perfect for Maddy. Kate sent also a post that Sheila should read.
Dialogue: Ula: <file_photo>
Jensen: Pretty flowers! 
Jensen: For your grandma? 
Ula: Yes 
Summary: Jensen likes the flowers which are for Ula's grandma.
Dialogue: Mary: this movie was so lame
Kate: shut up, it was awesome
Mary: you shut up, you like it just cause that dude from that other movie was in it
Kate: Mel Gibson, and yes, he is hot
Mary: If you like old wrinkled dudes :D:D:D
Kate: SHUT UP He's my future baby-daddy
Mary: ROTFL you are seriously disturbed
Kate: Well I KNOW that he is old now
Mary: So old
Kate: But you should see him in Lethal Weapon
Mary: Can't you watch a normal movie for once
Kate: So dreamy
Mary: like that new movie with Zac Efron
Kate: You could see his ass, too, once
Mary: Ok this conversation is getting nowhere. Text me when you leave the old dude land your head is in now
Kate: So dreamy...........
Summary: Mary does not like the movie she watched with Kate. Kate likes the movie because of the actor Mel Gibson. Mary thinks that Kate watches bad movies only for attractive actors. 
Dialogue: Matt: Hey, sorry, I was already asleep, when u called me yesterday, what's up?
Jennifer: Really??
Jennifer: I thought u were still dancing and I wanted to join.
Matt: Nope, my cousin  had to work early today :/.
Jennifer: I see. 
Jennifer: And what about today, are we doing sth? :D
Matt: come to the Wild Pig, there should be a group of us there ;-)
Jennifer: Wild Pig?? 
Jennifer: What's that?? O_O
Matt: that's the old Studio Bar.
Jennifer: Uhm, I see.  
Jennifer: But I wanted to go to a kind of experimental theatre show first, wanna join? xD
Matt: Ah, cool but i promised a puppy play date with friends before hand :P
Matt: So, what's the plan?
Jennifer: I think, I'll join you around ninish... 
Matt: Sounds good, cu there!
Summary: Matt went out with his cousin yesterday. Matt and Jennifer are going to meet with a group of friends in Wild Pig bar today. Jennifer is going to a theatre show before the meeting.
Dialogue: Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Madison: LOL dude stop it, youre being such a little troll right now 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Madison: STOP lol 
Jackson: <file_gif> 
Jackson: 😎
Summary: Jackson is sending Madison a lot of gifs.
Dialogue: Manuel: Do you have Christmas presents already?
Jeff: sure
George: I'm buying the now, always at the last moment
Manuel: me too, a bit stressful 
Manuel: any ideas where I can get something?
George: dmail saved my ass, do you know it?
Manuel: no, but I'll google it
George: good luck
Summary: Manuel is buying Christmas presents at the last moment. George recommends dmail to Manuel.
Dialogue: Nikki: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> first day of school!!!
Nell: oh that's lovely! He looks so small and lost in his school uniform!
Nikki: I know!! so cute!
Nell: how did he get on?
Nikki: he loved it! bit shy at the start but soon settled in!
Theo: That grin is a classic! 😏
Nikki: I know right?!?
Nikki: <file_photo>
Julian: very cool
Nikki: and then there is this one: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Nikki: first day at pre-school!!!
Nell: oh bless her!! she looks so lovely!
Theo: wow nice one, did she like it?
Nikki: not sure yet, bit too new I think, she got a bit tearful when I picked her up. But she is keen to go again! 
Nell: and then they were both in school!
Nikki: I know! 😭
Julian: or ️🎊
Nikki: yeah both tbh!
Nikki: and 🍾
Theo: 😀
Nell: well done to both of them, and you! maybe we can facetime soon?
Nikki: yeah cool, tomorrow afternoon?
Nell: that's fine, see you then love! big kiss for the babes 
Nikki: see you mum, love you!
Nell: xx
Summary: Nikki shares the pictures of her children's first day at school. Nell and Nikki agree to facetime tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Ezra: hey i just realised something
Carson: what
Ezra: im Ezra Miller, The Flash... XD
Carson: are you kiddin' me :/
Ezra: the fastest man alive B)
Carson: go to sleep dude its 3 in the morning
Summary: Ezra jokes about him being the Ezra Miller, the fastest man alive. Carson doesn't appreciate the joke in the middle of the night.
Dialogue: Catherine: Hi, did you have a good weekend?
Jane: So so - nothing exciting. How's work?
Catherine: Got some news for you.
Jane: Go on. Tell!
Catherine: Denise is leaving!
Jane: How did you find out?
Catherine: I saw her on Friday. She was quite excited about it.
Jane: Bet she was! Has she got another job?
Catherine: Yes, it's 5 mins walk from where she lives. 
Catherine: She said the money wasn't great, but if you deduct the money she pays on the train, she will be better off.
Jane: Makes sense
Catherine: Yes, happy for her, but will miss her.
Jane: Yes, me too!
Catherine: She is a good little worker.
Jane: Yes and she is friendly too
Catherine: That's true!
Jane: Most of the others are miserable, they never smile
Catherine: Or even get to work on time!
Jane: when does she finish?
Catherine: The end of December
Jane: Well at least we will see her for a few more weeks.
Catherine: Yes, see you tonight!
Summary: Denise got a new job close to where she lives. Catherine and Jane are happy for her but would miss her. Denise is leaving the end of December. Catherine will see Jane tonight.
Dialogue: Brenda: Meet my new granddaughter, Ava Jane! <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Scott: Aw! Cutie!
Brenda: I can't get enough of her!
Scott: I bet!
Brenda: We made the whole feast Thursday and brought it to there house.
Scott: Oh, lots of baby time!
Brenda: Yes! 
Scott: Are you running tomorrow?
Brenda: Yes and the next day.
Scott: Really?
Brenda: Yes, two 5K's back to back!
Scott: Ugh!
Brenda: This grandma still has some go!
Scott: LOL!
Summary: Brenda has become a grandmother. She will run 5K tomorrow and the next day.
Dialogue: Kate: girls night out?
Jane: tonight?
Jane: I can't i have an exam 2morrow
Kate: shit I forgot
Kate: how about 2morrow then
Jane: That sounds great
Kate: ok keep you posted
Kate: Good luck
Jane: thanks!
Summary: Jane has an exam tomorrow. She can have a girls night out with Kate tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Tamara: Bored at the airport
John: Bored at work – I win, you lose
Monica: <file_photo>
Tamara: <file_photo>
John: thanks guys, not taking a selfie at work
Tamara: Oh come on
John: Open space guys :P Go shopping Tam
Christa: Good idea, bring us some gifts
Tamara: What would you like?
Monica: If there’s a duty free – Armani Si for me, please ;)
Monica: But seriously, if there is, buy it for me please, I’ll give you the money back
Tamara: No problem, I’ll have a look
John: I’ll be happy with a good Belgian beer
Christa: Same goes for me, I’m easy
Tamara: Hm, ok, I’ll do my best, have some euros to spend ;)
Tamara: Got the perfumes!
Monica: Thanks dear!
Summary: Tamara and John are bored. John is at work. Tamara is at the airport. Tamara will bring Armani Si for Monica, and Belgian beer for John and Christa.
Dialogue: Sadie: Kelly, it's Sadie from work! Just wanted to say Hi.
Kelly: Sadie, how are you finding it so far, it's so hard at the beginning, isn't it?
Sadie: You're telling me! I am finding it hard to remember everything. I'm sure I'm making a fool of myself!
Kelly: No, of Course not, we all have to start somewhere. You've been fine!
Sadie: I have done ok, but I'm so clumsy. I dropped barbecue sauce all over Neil's shirt this morning, he was furious!
Kelly: Oh, Neil's bark is worse than his bite. He ran out and bought a new one at lunchtime, no harm done.
Sadie: Oh! Shall I offer to pay for it, I mean, perhaps he won't be able to get the sauce stain out! Oh, God! I feel terrible.
Kelly: Yes, I think that would be the right thing to do, Sadie.
Sadie: Yes, thanks for your advice, Kelly. See you Monday!
Kelly: Any time, see you!
Summary: Sadie has a new job. She finds it hard. She ruined Neil's shirt. He bought a new one. She thinks she should offer to cover the costs of the new shirt. Kelly concurs. 
Dialogue: Stan: im on my way
Stan: but im stuck in traffic jam
Lee: ok
Lee: i will be inside
Summary: Stan is stuck in a traffic jam.
Dialogue: Christopher: Okay, I think I've added everyone who's in our group. Hi, guys!
Joan: Hi there! So how do we share the work?
Lindsay: And what's more important, who's gonna present our project before the class? :P
Brian: I can present whatever you give me :P
Joan: Yeah, as long as you don't have to prepare it yourself? :P
Lindsay: I can do the work for Brian as long as he does the presenting part for me. You know how I hate speaking in public.
Christopher: I think it's time to start learning :P
Lindsay: If you want me to pass out in front of everyone then OK.
Kenneth: Calm down guys, we don't have anything to present yet :P
Joan: Yup, Ken's right.  How about this: points 1-3 for me, Ken & Chris, 4-5 for Lindsay and Brian (and we don't care which one of you does more work as long as it's done ;))? And then we'll send our parts to one person who'll combine them into one presentation.
Brian: I can do it! I'm good at PowerPoint :D
Kenneth: Just don't go too crazy with the transitions between slides :P
Brian: No worries, it will be pretty as hell! 
Lindsay: I don't think I believe you, but OK :D
Joan: Okay, guys, do you think we could meet tomorrow after school? @Kenneth @Christopher
Kenneth: I bet the two of you meet every day after school :P
Christopher: Shut up!
Joan: Come on, boys, stop acting like kids! We're almost out of high school!
Kenneth: Uh huh, looks like someone's girlfriend's mad XDDD 
Joan: Lindsay, I've changed my mind, can I get Brian after all? :P
Lindsay: Forget it, Brian's going to by my voice, I'm not giving him up :P
Brian: Thanks, Lindsay ♥ 
Joan: Grrrr, I hate group projects!
Christopher: And who doesn't? :)
Kenneth: Yeah... OK, I promise to behave. Can we just get it over with?
Joan: YES!
Lindsay: I think everybody agrees ;) So if we're done here now, I've gotta go. Talk to you later, guys!
Joan: Bye!
Kenneth: See ya!
Brian: Laters!
Summary: Christopher, Joan, Lindsay, Brian and Kenneth have to prepare a project. Brian is willing to present in front of the class and make a PowerPoint presentation. Joan proposes a way to divide the work that everybody agree on. Joan proposes a meeting in person. 
Dialogue: Margo: What time does the band start tonight?
Gerry: It's not tonight, it's tomorrow dufus!
Margo: Oh, crap! I thought it was Saturday!
Gerry: Dumass!
Margo: I'm supposed to be at work in an hour!
Gerry: FAHK!
Margo: Cya!
Summary: Margo thought it was Saturday, but it's Friday and she has to be at work in an hour.
Dialogue: Steffi: Hi, it's Steffi here :)
Gary: Hi Steffi, welcome to the team!
Fiona: Hello Steffi from sunny Galway!
Ethan: <file_photo> You're lucky Fiona please send the sun to us!
Fiona: <file_photo> Síofra says no way it's staying here with us!!
Steffi: Thank you Gary and Fiona :)
Brian: Welcome to the summer in NI Steffi......varied is a good description of the weather😂
Steffi: It's perfect. 16 degrees, I can feel the summer ;)
Fiona: 'Varied' is prob overselling it a bit 😜 You should know that 16 degrees is positively warm...one it gets to 18 it's bikini time!
Maddie: Fiona?!?!?!?! what is that hat????? you remind me of... a British tourist in the Italian heat 🙈😜🙃. Here They want me to have heart attacks... I'm still trying to put in order and I hear voices and noise... out of 4 floors and God knows how many flats in this building, where do you think the furniture people are working?? the flat next to mine... I was already picturing someone from the agency trying to open the door and me inside pushing them out saying: "I'm not ready I'm not ready I'm not reeeeady"... Ethan… help meeeeeee
Ethan: no way 😂😂
Chris: Welcome Steffi, look forward to introducing you to our Irish sport 'where more than likely, u will end up injured 🤕 ' - there are lots of girls teams around Belfast .... so when u return to Germany, u will have ur own injury 😜
Maddie: 😱 Steffi, this is an example of a man not to listen to (😁😁😜💃🏼💃🏼)
Steffi: Thanks Chris :)
Summary: Steffi has just become a member of Gary, Fiona, Ethan, Brian, Maddie and Chris' team. Fiona is in Galway where the weather is good. The weather in Northern Ireland is usually not warm and sunny.
Dialogue: Jude: I'm so lonely.
Robin: Want me to come over?
Jude: No. It's not that.
Robin: So what is it?
Jude: I mean lonely like I have no one to care for.
Robin: What about ur bf?
Jude: Broke up with him 6 mths ago.
Robin: Sry to hear that. 
Jude: I'm over him now, but I don't want to be alone.
Robin: Isn't it time to put yourself out there again?
Jude: I don't think I want to go out to parties and find casual bfs.
Robin: What about clubs?
Jude: What clubs?
Robin: U surely have hobbies, right?
Jude: Yeah?
Robin: Y not join a club? Like a book club? Pedicure club?
Jude: Nah. Not my kind of thing. 
Robin: Maybe ask one of ur friends to hook u up?
Jude: Tried it once. Lost a friend. 
Robin: How?
Jude: Well, Kim hooked me up with this guy she thought would be ideal 4 me. 
Robin: And what happened?
Jude: I went on a date with him. It was mostly fun, but there was something weird about him.
Robin: So what happened?
Jude: Well, he tried forcing himself on me.
Robin: He wanted to rape u?!
Jude: No! But he thought that since I went out with him I was obliged to have sex with him.
Robin: Geez. Some guys.
Jude: I know.
Summary: Jude feels lonely. She is over her boyfriend. She is not keen on popular ways of finding the next partner, neither going to parties, clubs nor on blind dates. Robin is being helpful and empathetic.
Dialogue: Ed: Mike, where the hell are you?
Mike: I am still at school.
Ed: Shouldn't you be home already?
Ed: I don't have the key.
Mike: I've got a chess club on Tuesdays.
Mike: For the past three years.
Ed: Could you skip it just once?
Mike: Not when I am winning. You want the key, you come down here.
Ed: All right chess master. Be there in an hour.
Summary: Ed couldn't get in because he didn't have the key, and Mike was at his chess club meeting. Ed had to go get the key from Mike.
Dialogue: Joshua: NEED HELP!!! 
Lila: Hey man, whats up?
Joshua: I just can't firgure out how to do exercise 5... :(
Joshua: I hate calculus
Lila: one sec - let me get my book
Lila: Oh yeah, that one's kinda tricky - this is what i got: H(x) =e(7x-4) + ln(x) + c 
Joshua: Thanks :) Fir real though these math tests are gonna kill me XD
Lila: Be careful though - the final exercise is a trick question
Lila: You need to use the answer from the previous question to work it out.
Joshua: k thanks :) you ready for the test?
Lila: Yeah, you?
Joshua: I'm just hoping that the gods of calculus will smile upon me and i get by with a C or something
Lila: It'll be fine :) I can meet with you in the library tomorrow after school if you want
Joshua: YES!! I need all the help I can get - Mr Wicks is threatening to pull me out of practise 
Lila: :(
Lila: I might be a little late - band practise tends to go overtime lately
Joshua: It's okay, I'll get started on revision :)
Summary: Joshua struggles with calculus so tomorrow he will meet with Lila in the library to study together.
Dialogue: Joel: What the hell was that dude??!??!
Martin: Fuck, I had to go, sorry
Martin: Dad in the hospital
Eva: What happened??!
Joel: Martin left in the middle of presentation
Eva: fuck this, what’s with dad??!!
Martin: Ok now, he got some heartburn they thought it's stroke
Eva: Omg, thank God, take care of him!
Martin: Sure will
Summary: Martin left in the middle of a presentation because dad had been taken to hospital. Luckily, it was nothing serious.
Dialogue: Rufus: Guess what Martha did
Stella: She sat everything in fire?
Rufus: Let's not get too carried away
Stella: I'm pretty sure she pissed u off
Rufus: <file_photo>
Stella: LOL
Rufus: She's crazy
Stella: Did she leave u this note while u were away?
Rufus: Nope, I had been in my room this whole time
Stella: lol
Stella: She's messed up
Rufus: funny thing is, I had no idea I'm using her sugar
Stella: Didn't she write which sugar is hers? So reckless of her ;P
Rufus: Maybe she will
Stella: And this message is RUDE. how did u react?
Rufus: I dealt with it like neurotypicals do, I talked to her
Stella: <file_gif>
Stella: so proud of u
Rufus: she seemed perplexed that we communicate face to face
Stella: leaving notes is way more efficient
Rufus: anyway, I'm pretty sure she's too socially awkard to know that she did sth strange
Stella: are u telling me that leaving notes for someone who is present is strange? O_o
Stella: <file_gif>
Rufus: :D
Summary: Martha left a rude note for Rufus so he talked to her face to face about it.
Dialogue: Greg: She wants me to send last year's payment confirmations :/
Greg: What do I do?
Simon: Ha ha you knew it before
Greg: Yeah... Am I obliged to show it?
Simon: She will know anyway
Simon: What does she say?
Greg: That she can't find it in the system but the system may be wrong
Greg: Well actually it's not
Simon: Tell her. You have to pay that anyway
Greg: I know. You know the deadline?
Simon: End of March in any case, so you still have some time
Summary: Greg needs to settle his payments before the end of March.
Dialogue: Bryson: where?
Brooke: room 14a
Bryson: ok coming
Brooke: hurry up, she's about to check the list
Summary: Bryson is coming to room 14a. She's about to check the list.
Dialogue: Abigail: you want to grab a beer? i had a rough week, i need to talk to someone
George: yeah, sure
George: what happened??
Abigail: i had a fight with my mom and now we're not talking
Abigail: it came to the point that she said that i couldn't come for christmas this year
George: i'm so sorry
George: i don't know why you argued, but i think she overreacted
George: forbidding you from coming home for christmas is just a lot
Abigail: you know that she doesn't like josh, she thinks he's not good enough for me
Abigail: so she was furious when i told her we had got engaged
Abigail: i'm not going to dump him just because of her
George: of course, you're not
George: you poor thing, i think you need a big hug
George: do you want me to drop by right now?
Abigail: that would be great :) thanks, George
George: ;) don't worry, in the worst-case scenario you'll spend christmas with my family
Summary: Abigail argued with her mother. She is furious, because Abigail and Josh got engaged. George will drop by and spend time with Abigail.
Dialogue: Joziah: That's not the focus I want honestly
Abrielle: What do you mean?
Joziah: The aim
Abrielle: Still. What do you mean?
Joziah: That's why I don't like texting
Joziah: One day I'll explain it to ya
Abrielle: Tell me now
Abrielle: U mean u wanted another photo?
Joziah: Something like that
Abrielle: 👍🏻
Joziah: What?
Abrielle: I knew it
Abrielle: Ok I'm going to sunbathe now
Abrielle: Talk later
Summary: Joziah is dissatisfied with how a photo turned out and wants a different one. Abrielle is going to sunbathe.
Dialogue: Lily: sorry guys, I won't make it to the movies today :(
Clifton: oh ok, what happened?
Lily: my uncle is in the hospital so I have to drive to my hometown asap
Derrick: i'm so sorry :( let us know later if everything's fine
Lily: thanks, I will!
Summary: Lilly's uncle is in the hospital, so she can't go to the cinema.
