Dialogue: Tony: Hi, sweetheart! How are you today?
Grace: Great, Tony, and you? Been thinking bout you... <3
Tony: Oh yeah? Only nice things, I hope?
Grace: You bet! ;) 
Tony: Ok then, I miss you so much!
Grace: I know, me too! It's killing me, still two weeks to go! I don't think I can make it...
Tony: You can, honey bun, and when I come back I will never leave again!!!!!
Grace: Oh don't make promises you can't keep... 
Tony: I will keep it, I will take you with me every time I have to go somewhere :D
Grace: You'll pay as well, right?
Tony: Errrrm... suuuure :D lool
Summary: Tony comes back in two weeks. Tony and Grace are impatient to see each other.
Dialogue: Lia: what to you think about Ethan's new apartment
Holly: just horrible, I didn't want to tell him this, but it's miserable
Lia: right?
Ruby: yes, very sad
Summary: Ethan has a new apartment. Holly think it's horrible.
Dialogue: Betty: Hey love, do you know any good place where I can get my nails done?
Rebecca: A few yes, no problem :) It depends on what you want.
Betty: Hybrid. The last place I've been to destroyed my nails, so I need to find something better.
Rebecca: What happened?
Betty: I don't really know what they did wrong, but maybe they used bad products?
Rebecca: Sometimes it's about the method. Were they taking off the previous one?
Betty: Yes.
Rebecca: So maybe they didn't know how to do it properly, it can destroy the nail plate.
Betty: Good to know :( It took me half a year to grow them back.
Rebecca: Oh my, poor you. I usually go to one place, but they tend to be really busy. Depends on when you want to have them done.
Betty: It doesn't have to be today, but I'm going to a wedding on Saturday so...
Rebecca: Will send you their number anyway, here's there Fb page <file_other>
Rebecca: Try them <file_other> and them <file_other>, been there as well and it was all right.
Betty: Thank you so much!
Betty: Owe you a coffee dear :)
Summary: Betty is coming to a wedding on Saturday and is looking for a place where she can get manicure. Rebecca will send her contact details to one place she recommends.
Dialogue: Nina: Are you still in Europe?
Kris: no! South Africa!
Nina: so envious!
Tim: hehe, sure, real summer here
Nina: how is the weather?
Alfonso: sticky
Nina: sticky?
Kris: yes, warm and sticky hahaha
Summary: Kris is in South Africa. 
Dialogue: Jason: Hello, I would like to confirm my reservation.
Alice: Hello, I am pleased to inform you that your reservation has been found in our system and I would like to reconfirm your booking
Jason: Thank you for the fast response!
Alice: I am glad you enjoy our service :)
Summary: Alice confirms Jason's booking.
Dialogue: Tom: Can you try to open this link? <file_other>
Laura: Yes. 
Tom: What can you see?
Laura: your video with Kate. 
Tom: Is it labelled as public or private?
Laura: Looks like public...
Tom: ok, good.
Tom: Wait until it is over and tell what's the next video, ok?
Laura: sure!
Laura: Next is sth called trial02
Tom: strange... O_O
Tom: can you open this video?
Laura: Yes.
Tom: so it is public?
Laura: i guess so..
Tom: shit.. ;/ ;/  it should be private!
Tom: anyway, thx a lot
Laura: np. ;)
Summary: The video of Tom and Kate, and the one called trial02 are both public.
Dialogue: Jenny: Have you filled the form?
Bo: No
Jenny: Hurry up, my father is waiting :/
Summary: Bo hasn't filled the form yet. Jenny's father is waiting.
Dialogue: Madeleine: i am watching Friends for like the 10th time
Madeleine: this show is SO FUNNY
Elsa: how many times can you watch the same thing?
Elsa: don't you get bored? :D
Dakota: haha i totally get that
Dakota: i could watch it over and over again too
Elsa: i've seen it like twice or so but enough is enough :P
Dakota: you know nothing about good TV Elsa :D
Elsa: yeah i do 
Madeleine: i could literally watch it probably a 100 times
Madeleine: and it will still be funny to me :D
Summary: Madeleine and Dakota love watching "Friends".
Dialogue: Frank: There's hardship in reading (and understanding) a 300 page manual :D
Josh: Write your own one.
Frank: Nevah!
Josh: Lazy writer!
Frank: I found the tutorial super helpful so I assumed that the manual would help me to get everything out of the zing.
Josh: Only casuals read manuals, truly hardcore people just click randomly on buttons hoping they'll achieve what they want!
Josh: That being said, I can't remember the last time I read a manual before working with a new software
Josh: I do look up stuff in manuals when I'm stuck with an option but I usually don't read them
Josh: Too lazy to do that!
Frank: Well, that's what I usually do. :D
Frank: But I did something manually yesterday and as I found out there's an easier way after googling a bit, I decided that manual it is. :D
Frank: I think Scrivener would be way more fun when starting a project straight in it!
Josh: That's just a hint that you should start a new project from scratch :P
Frank: Oh, the rest of my projects are WAY less refined atm. :D
Frank: Book 2 - 15 pages of notes.
Frank: Everything else 1-2 pages of notes per project.
Frank: Naturally I started from the biggest one. :D
Josh: Who wouldn't?
Frank: Anyhow, I like how ze zing will compose my project into proper novel form when I'm finished.
Frank: Also it seems to have GREAT script-writing tools.
Frank: So when I finally get to the movie project, it'll be easier to do.
Josh: The only question that remains is where to find the time to do all this?
Frank: I'll cut down my Desktop Dungeons time 50% and I should have enough time to finish a book per month. :D
Frank: I realized that I waste a ton of time playing some pointless flash games, etc.
Frank: Although Desktop Dungeons is a "proper" game. :D
Frank: Difficult as fuck but fun!
Josh: Objection! Playing games is not a waste of time! :P
Summary: Neither Frank nor Josh read the manuals before working with a new software. Frank has a few book projects drafted. Both Frank and Josh play computer games. Frank wants to limit gaming in favour of writing. Josh doesn't think playing games is a waste of time.
Dialogue: Kitty: Have you heard the newest Tom Odell?
Nicky: Sure, amazing, right?
Kitty: OMG I can't get it out of my head!
Nicky: Yeah, me too :) <3
Summary: Kitty and Nicky love the new album by Tom Odell.
Dialogue: Rick: that goes without saying!! what type of music should we have their then?
Evelyn: Haha of course 🙂Hmm how about sound of music?
Rick: which song?
Evelyn: I've got no idea
Rick: ohh - iv got music for my dramatic entrance!!
Evelyn: Ooh go on ;)
Rick: its the spy theme tune they always play in spy movies
Evelyn: Haha like your a new detective ;)
Rick: you know - dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de dun...
Evelyn: Of course I know what you mean ;) yeah sure 🙂
Rick: de de duuuunnn, de de duuuuuuuuunn, de de duuuuuuuuunnn, de dem
Evelyn: You're erm gettin rather carried away now aren't you ;)
Summary: Rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance.
Dialogue: Jane: Eve, did you go to Marywilska shopping centre with Caroline?
Jane: What outlet did Caroline talk about yesterday? The Star outlet?
Eve: yes, this one
Eve: We went there, I bought a dress.
Marilyn: show us
Eve: <file_photo>
Marilyn: nice
Marilyn: you look so slim!
Eve: and Caroline bought trousers.
Jane: I need to go there as theres nothing interesting in chain stores.
Jane: and how about the prices there? I saw on FB they are probably quite high.
Eve: Well, yes, they are. I dont know why Caroline likes this shop so much.
Jane: in other shops, they dont have this kind of clothes. 
Jane: I need something really special for my parents anniversary. Eve, help me, where to go.
Eve: I dont know. 
Eve: I bought this dress and Im happy with it. And Caroline bought trousers.
Jane: Ok. I will check it out if I find a moment over the wknd.
Eve: I also bought a skirt...
Eve: <file_photo>
Marilyn: quite different than your clothes.
Eve: This bottle green color is trendy now
Jane: Well, I prefer you wearing mini skirts.
Eve: You cant wear a mini for every occasion
Jane: true
Marilyn: ;)
Summary: Eve bought a dress and a skirt in The Star outlet and Caroline bought trousers. Jane wants to go there to buy something for her parents' anniversary, but is worried about the prices. Eve agrees that the prices are high.
Dialogue: Alan: Hey, I won't make it to the gym today
John: Hey. Sure, no problem. Something happened?
Alan: No, my muscles are just super sore after our last time :)
John: Hahaha :) Thought so :) 
John: You wimp :P 
Alan: hey, not nice to make fun of your elders!
John: You're 2 years older than me :D
Alan: Still I'm older :)
John: Yeah, you are a lazy old fart :)
Alan: Lazy yes, farting yes, old - no :)
John: Haha
John: You expect to recover this month or will you suffer eternally :)
Alan: I think I will be fine for Friday, wiseass :P
John: Ok, so we meet on Friday as usual?
Alan: Yeah, same time as ususal. CU!
John: CU!
Summary: Alan is still sore from the last time so is not going to the gym tonight. He thinks he will be fine for Friday and will meet John then. 
Dialogue: Lindsay: how on Earth a girl like you is single?!
Ronnie: I don't to ruin the surprise ;)
Lindsay: or maybe this photo was taken 20 years ago
Ronnie: tbh I'm very picky
Lindsay: I think it's good
Lindsay: I see no point in settling down for something mediocre
Ronnie: and how would you answer that question?
Ronnie: why are you single?
Lindsay: I think I'm bad at dating
Ronnie: really?
Lindsay: I feel awkward about new people and take things too slow
Ronnie: so you're shy!
Lindsay: and I suck at flirting
Ronnie: flirting is overrated
Lindsay: are you good at flirting?
Ronnie: haha I don't think so :)
Ronnie: but I'm a good dancer
Lindsay: how about you dance with me this Sunday?
Ronnie: where?
Lindsay: there's Kozidrak's party in Cocoon
Ronnie: sound cringy and fun :)
Lindsay: so is that a yes?
Ronnie: yes :)
Lindsay: great!
Summary: Lindsay and Ronnie are going dancing this Saturday at Kozidrak's party in Cocoon.
Dialogue: Emily: im close by, so whenever you get here :)
Marta: 5 min we are close
Emily: ok
Emily: could we meet earlier tomorrow? 
Marta: sure! sounds great
Emily: ok awesome thank you!
Marta: what time?
Emily: 2:30pm?
Marta: perfect 
Summary: Marta and Emily will meet in 5 minutes. Tomorrow they will meet at 2:30 pm.
Dialogue: Zenek: are you coming to the conference in Brno in June?
Jenny: I would like to, but I've no idea what I could present there
Marcus: really? all your amazing research about the medical discourse
Oscar: and especially the history of psychiatry in Italy
Zenek: you still have some time to think about it
Jenny: Do you really think so guys?
Jenny: I really don't feel ready to show things to people
Zenek: Jen, you'll never be ready, this is how it works
Oscar: that's true. There's always something one can do better, improve, research more
Marcus: honestly Jenny, you've spent a year on it
Marcus: how long are you going to polish a chapter of your dissertation
Marcus: after all it's just ONE CHAPTER
Jenny: I know, I'm such a miserable perfectionist
Marcus: just stop it, tell yourself: ENOUGH!
Jenny: but I'm afraid that somebody will point out all the shortcomings.
Marcus: some shortcomings will always be there, but mostly you'll be the only one knowing them
Marcus: after a year of intensive work on it, you're probably the best expert in it in the world
Jenny: you're right, I'll think about the submission and let you know guys
Zenek: great!
Zenek: good job Marcus!
Summary: Jenny did research on the medical discourse and the history of psychiatry in Italy. She's not ready to present her work to people. She spent a year on one chapter of her dissertation. Zenek, Marcus and Oscar encourage her to participate in the conference in Brno in June.
Dialogue: Adam: ...i dont really know if i will come, i think im having a sort of nervous breakdown
Ana: :'(
Missy: Adam, what happened? you have to come and chill out
Ana: need to press the STOP button?
Bruno: OK, dont press STOP, you have to come along, with us and Ana. you will see it will get bettter once you come ;)
Adam: id say, not in general
Bruno: (Y)
Adam: im not gonna make it unfortunately. it is too much. or i will be a wall flower
Missy: I like flowers
Ana: (Y)
Adam: even faded on the wall?
Ana: :D
Margaret: C'mon Adam, a party without your advocaat?
Gwen: Adam would bring chocolate ;)
Bruno: (Y)
Margaret: "chocolate" or chocolate? i dont remember chocolate :D
Gwen: cause it was a special chocoooolaaaaaateeee
Margaret: sillly me :d :D :D
Gwen: Young and stupid :D
Margaret: :D
Adam: e\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\; p
Bruno: did u fall off the chair?
Adam: dumb keyboard
Summary: Adam is not feeling well. Missy, Ana, Margaret and Bruno want him to go out with them.
Dialogue: Cece: Aby, I haven't seen that serum in the store?
Aby: Really? I got it there last time
Cece: You sure they still sell it?
Aby: Pretty sure, let me check online
Cece: Or maybe you want something else?
Aby: <file_other> seems like they have it?
Cece: Ok, I'll try again and if not I'll order it online
Aby: Don't worry about it
Cece: No no, it's not a problem :) I'll have a closer look. Is it good?
Aby: It works for me. But I guess it depends on your skin?
Cece: I'll check it out. Btw do you do enzyme peels?
Aby: Uh, haven't done any treatments in a while... why?
Cece: Lady at the store told me I should do it lol
Aby: I guess it's worth a shot. You can do it yourself too. It's quite mild
Cece: IC IC.anything else? 
Aby: I only do homemade masks. You know, avocado, honey, etc.
Cece: So no botox?;)
Aby: Haha, not yet. You think I should?
Cece: Noooo. You're too young. But I've been thinking about it...
Aby: We're the same age! Maybe in a few years
Cece: I hear the earlier you start the better?
Summary: Cece didn't find the serum in the store. She'll look again or order it online. 
Dialogue: Esther: Where were yesterday??
Stacy: What do you mean?
Esther: We were supposed to meet, remember??
Stacy: Yesterday? Yesterday was Tues.
Esther: Exactly.
Stacy: I'm really sorry. I got confused because of the holiday. Since Mon was off I thought yesterday was Mon.
Esther: Yeah, well you missed out on LOTS.
Stacy: Like what? 
Esther: Doris is getting married! 
Stacy: Doris, really? I guess I'll catch up on everything next time. I kind of like this little club we have, don't you?
Esther: Sure, it's a nice escape from the every day :)
Summary: Stacy got the dates confused because of the holiday and missed a meeting with Esther and other girls. One of them, Doris, is getting married. 
Dialogue: Shannon: Hi Curtis, I'm really sick, I won't be able to come to our meeting today :(
Curtis: Oh no Shannon, I was so excited to spend some time with you :( What's happening?
Shannon: I think it's flu. I have a terrible headache, runny nose and of course some nice fever :(
Curtis: I'm so sorry to hear that. Do you need anything?
Shannon: I should be fine, I'm seeing a doctor later this afternoon
Curtis: Get well soon then, just let me know when I can come by to pay a visit :)
Summary: Shannon is sick and can't come to the meeting with Chris today. She probably has flu, with a headache, runny nose and fever. She's seeing a doctor later this afternoon.
Dialogue: Mike: sorry I'll be late
Darren: I'm already here waiting
Mike: the traffic is terrible
Stella: I've missed my bus
Mike: where are you Stella?
Darren: Lisa are u coming?
Stella: I'll get an uber
Lisa: on my way
Mike: Darren is there any parking space?
Darren: I can see one now 
Mike: Stella where are you now? want me to pick you up
Stella: no thanks just got another bus
Stella: be there in 20min
Darren: the place is almost empty and I'm sitting here like an idiot
Mike: shit, huge accident on 278
Lisa: where are you?
Mike: don't wait for me guys, I'll do my best
Mike: Trinity Park
Darren: is anyone hungry?
Mike: yeah... me
Darren: Lisa's here, we'll order something for you Mike
Mike: ok thanks. pasta please
Stella: shrimps for me please!
Amy: hi guys be there in 15min
Amy: pleeease get me anything, like shrimps as a starter
Amy: im starving!
Summary: Lisa and Darren will order food for Stella, Mike and Amy, who will join them shortly. There was a huge accident on 278. 
Dialogue: Joseph: Hi, u decided yet?
Michelle: Well, I'm not sure. Maybe i could do with a new shirt 
Joseph: any specific company? 
Michelle: I was thinking maybe something like this: <file_other>
Joseph: it's nice. this color or the blue one?
Michelle: surprise me:)
Joseph: ok, I'll take both
Michelle: you're the best at making surprises xP
Summary: Michelle thinks about getting a new shirt. Joseph will buy her two shirts as a gift because he cannot decide on the colour.
Dialogue: Ivy: <file_other>
Iris: OMG such a good song
Ivy: I know right?
Summary: Ivy shared a good song with Iris.
Dialogue: Maya: don't wait for me
Tom: why? 
Maya: im drinking beer with my friends 
Summary: Tom shouldn't wait for Maya as she's drinking beer with her friends.
Dialogue: Mia: Are we going to the rowing group party?
Jeff: I think they organise it to collect money for their uniforms
Mia: so?
Jeff: I don't want to support it 
Tommy: I agree totally
Summary: Rowing group is collecting money for their uniforms at the party. Jeff and Tommy do not want to support it.
Dialogue: Ann: I did the check-in already
Kate: Oh, I should too
Ann: Yeah, let me know when you finish
Kate: Sure
Summary: Ann has already checked-in.
Dialogue: Sophia: How's your Spanish practice going?
James: LOL, you could say it's going
Sophia: haha You don't seem to confident in your progress
James: No, I just can't seem to get into the flow. 
James: I always end up putting it off, and I barely ever go to Language Exchange meetups
Sophia: Yeah yeah, I get you.
Sophia: I've started to have conversation lessons with native speakers online.
James: Yeah? And how does that work?
Sophia: Well,  I just find native speaker, tutors and professional teachers through with website, and then we set up a time, and then skype and just talk.
James: And you have to pay for this?
Sophia: Yeah, it's like a normal paid lesson, and you pay through the platform, and see their schedule and just pick a time slot they have available. 
Sophia: And then then have to accept your request, and you exchange Skype, and then just have a conversation,
James: I don't think my level is even good enough to have a conversation with someone
Sophia: No, I think you'd be good. It's really helpful to just listen to someone speak too
James: Yeah yeah, I could think about it 
Sophia: <file_other>
Sophia: Here is the link to the site, check it out! I really recommend! 
James: Hahah cool, thanks, I'll take a look
Summary: James is not satisfied with his Spanish lessons. Sophia recommends a website on which he can find native speakers and converse with them online. James will have a look.
Dialogue: Fred: <file_other>
Fred: Listen to this man.
Fred: Perfect for cleanin' the house.
Willy: Not sure if it's dubstep
Willy: Or just transformers having sex
Fred: Hahahahaha.
Fred: JFC man you made me laugh so hard  I couldn't catch breath
Willy: Breathe Freddie breathe.
Willy: Seriously track sounds ok.
Willy: But when I hear this beat drops they really do sound like transformers bangin'o
Fred: If you have good sound system it really makes sense
Willy: Ehem. No doubt.
Willy: Your music taste is surprisingly broad.
Willy: You're the only person  I know who posts on facebook Miles Davies and then sends me a dubstep made from printer sounds
Fred: :P :P :P
Summary: Willy compares a dub-step song he got from Fred to robots having sex and makes Fred laugh.
Dialogue: Pandora: When was the math test?
Olivia: What???
Iris: Yesterday
Olivia: Are you serious?
Olivia: There was a math test??
Pandora: I heard from Susan
Iris: It was yesterday
Iris: It wasn't that difficult 
Olivia: I didn't know!!!
Olivia: What should I do now?
Pandora: Talk to the teacher
Olivia: I was sick 
Olivia: When did she announce it?
Iris: On Monday
Summary: There was a math test yesterday. Olivia didn't know because she was sick. The teacher announced it on Monday. 
Dialogue: Nancy: i'm thinking about a pet for Bobby? any thoughts?
Greg: well, he's old enough to handle a pet. what type of pet?
Nancy: a fish maybe?
Martha: but he won't be able to touch it..
Nancy: i know, what about a hamster or a rabbit then?
Martha: what about a dog or a cat?
Nancy: i want a small pet
Martha: but i don't like pet cages!
Greg: what about a turtle?
Martha: they grow fast and live very long so finally you'll have to give it away. you won't be able to keep it :( 
Nancy: oh dear! i'm gonna reconsider..
Summary: Nancy considers buying a pet for Bobby.
Dialogue: Alaina: Hey!:)
Alaina: Can I ask you something?
Jocelyn: sure, sup
Alaina: I need your advice: what would you do, if you got a gift that is too expensive.
Jocelyn: how expensive?
Alaina: VERY expensive
Alaina: Jerry bought me a PC.
Jocelyn: whoa
Jocelyn: THAT expensive
Jocelyn: idk, i think i wouldn't take it
Jocelyn: it's too, hmm, bonding
Alaina: I tried to explain this to him, but as a result he sulked. :/
Jocelyn: so maybe you should try to set a gift limit?
Alaina: hmm, that's a thought
Alaina: thanks :)
Summary: Alaina got a very expensive gift from Jerry. She asked Jocelyn if she should accept it. Jocelyn suggested setting a gift price limit.
Dialogue: Jordan: Should I bring something Sakshi?
Sakshi: Just some beer/wine, whatever you wanna drink
Ruby: Do you have ice? I will be making drinks
Sakshi: Yes!
Summary: Ruby will be making drinks.
Dialogue: Sylvia: I am going to Dawid Podsiadlo
Thomas: Oh are you? 
Thomas: i was just talking to Matt
Thomas: And were looking for people to go with for Dawid's concert
Sylvia: Yeah I am!
Sylvia: What a coincidence! 
Thomas: I know right
Sylvia: Should have drink before we get there
Thomas: Probably just one beer
Thomas: Otherwise they won't let us in xd
Sylvia: Right
Sylvia: k well that's exciting! 
Thomas: Ye! 
Summary: Thomas and Sylvia will go to Dawid Podsiadlo's concert. They want to have one beer before.
Dialogue: Liv: <file_photo>
Liv: what do you think?
Vivyan: looks nice, its a good color for you
Roxana: quite ok, but maybe a bit too short for the winter?
Roxana: I like things comfy and warm
Liv: its very warm!
Liv: not sure about the length, though
Vivyan: hard to tell really
Vivyan: its important if you feel comfy in it
Liv: Yes, very!
Roxana: take it then
Liv: thanks! :*
Summary: Liv is trying on a piece of winter clothing which she thinks is warm and comfortable. Roxana thinks she should take it.
Dialogue: Matej: Hey I'm at the flower shop
Anka: Hey
Anka: great
Anka: I think red roses or something in purple tones would be nice
Matej: I'll ask the florist
Matej: there's so much here, like a jungle
Matej: <file_photo>
Matej: <file_photo>
Anka: oh those orchids are lovely <3
Anka: but not for this occasion
Matej: I know
Matej: they have an offer for a funeral wreath for 200 zloty
Matej: and they can use red roses, with purple accents or white with yellow and gold
Anka: I think red and purple would be nice
Matej: ok
Matej: it'll be ready tomorrow at 11:00
Matej: so I'll pick up it on the way to yours
Anka: ok thanks bro, I'll pay you back tomorrow
Matej: np
Matej: take it easy today <3
Anka: you too <3
Summary: Matej is at the flower shop. Matej and Anka decide to buy a red and purple funeral wreath. It will be ready tomorrow at 11. Matej will pick it up on the way to Anka. Anka will pay Matej back tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Martina: I need a man's opinion!
Oliver: Yes, you look absolutely stunning :P
Martina: Awww <3 thank you!
Oliver: Don't mention it :)
Martina: But that's not it. I wanted to ask you somthing. 
Oliver: Fire away.
Martina: <file_photo> Does this dress make me look fat?
Oliver: No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. :) 
Martina: Awww <3 ur such a qt :)
Oliver: Why do you need it?
Martina: Oh, going to a work party and want to look glam ;)
Oliver: You certainly do!
Summary: Martina is going to a work party. Martina sends Oliver a photo of herself in a dress, asking whether she looks fat in it. Oliver doesn't think that.
Dialogue: Don: You coming to watch the riders game? 
Conor: In Regina? 
Conor: doubtful no tickets left
Don: I have 2 xd for us
Don: Dad is not going
Conor: Oh nice! 
Conor: I would like to  thx
Don: K! 
Summary: Don and Conor are going to watch the Riders' game together as Don's father is not going.
Dialogue: Mike: I am done teaching.
Greg: Seriously?
Mike: It's killing me. Today I almost snapped and yelled at a little girl
Greg: I can't imagine you yelling at anyone man
Mike: I know but I haven't been myself lately
Greg: You've been doing that for what, 10? 12 years?
Mike: 14
Greg: Wow, okay, this is actually normal, you need a beak
Mike: Or a change
Greg: Or a change. But the only way to know is to take a break and distance yourself from work
Mike: You think?
Greg: Take a spontaneous trip or sth. Might do you more good then you imagine
Mike: Thanks, I'll think about it.
Summary: Mike's been teaching for 14 years and needs a change or break from it.
Dialogue: Jennifer: <file_other>
Jennifer: This cover is so damn goooooood
Alexandra: Listened to that, I have mixed feelings...
Zoey: Why?
Alexandra: This voice is I don't know
Alexandra: A bit strange
Summary: Jennifer loves this cover. Alexandra finds it a bit strange.
Dialogue: Miriam: we're going to L’Escale tonight, wanna join?
Jean: just for a walk?
Jean: or some other plans as well?
Miriam: I thought about a walk, but we can do some other stuff as well of course
Cecil: about 19?
Amanda: I would start at 17, before the sun sets
Amanda: then we could have dinner
Miriam: but where?
Amanda: Moonlight?
Miriam: great idea! I haven't been there for ages!
Jean: I would prefer to eat in the African Quarter
Miriam: but any ideas?
Jean: Chez Youssouf 
Miriam: I don't know it
Jean: really?
Jean: then we have to go there tonight! Youssouf have amazing food
Jean: you'll love it!
Cecil: the Austrian guy from my office recommended it to me once
Jean: because it's genial
Miriam: ok! let's do it
Summary: Miriam, Cecil, Amanda and Jean are going to eat in Chez Youssouf in the African Quarter tonight. 
Dialogue: Matt: What did you get for Emily?
Jake: ??
Matt: It's Valentine's Day.
Jake: Shit, I forgot :D
Summary: Jake forgot to get a Valentine's Day gift for Emily.
Dialogue: Andrew: wow, weekend! finally!
Andrew: this week's been pretty hard
Nicky: yep, it was
Nicky: work work work
Andrew: we're starting a new project next month
Andrew: and we do everything at a last moment, as usual ;)
Rick: yeah, its always like that
Rick: they dont usually plan in advance
Nicky: they dont seem to learn their lessons;)
Andrew: thats the point
Andrew: anyways, I hope to have a good rest
Rick: yeah, me too!
Nicky: Im just gonna do nothing!
Nicky: :D
Rick: good idea!
Andrew: Me too, I really need a break
Andrew: sleep, in the first place
Andrew: see kids
Rick: ok take care guys!
Nicky: talk to U later!
Summary: Andrew, Nicky and Rick had a hard week at work. They just want to rest and do nothing. Andrew has a new project next month, and now he just wants to sleep and see kids.
Dialogue: Alice: I never wanted a maternity photo shoot but after seeing this one I've changed my mind! ;)
Kate: Oh! so sweet!
Gina: that is just adorable!
Mary: now i want one too! thanks! ;)
Lisa: me too but.. i'm not pregnant! haha!
Emma: so precious!!! x
Tina: i really like this one too! lovely!
Summary: Alice really likes a maternity photo shoot she's seen and so do her friends.
Dialogue: Mia: My bus hasn’t arrived yet! What should I do?
Chris: Cry and scream 😂😂😂
Mia: Yeah, I’ve tried that already. Any other options?
Jennifer: Where are you?
Jennifer: I have a car, I can pick you
Mia: Russel Street, next to the shopping mall.
Jennifer: No worries. I’ll be there in 10 minutes. Hold on!
Mia: Thank you so much!
Chris: What??? Nooo! I thought you are going to have a drink with me.
Jennifer: I can’t. I need to get up early tomorrow. 
Chris: Party breaker, old woman 😜
Summary: Mia is on Russel Street next to a shopping mall. Her bus hasn't arrived yet. Jennifer will pick her up with her car in 10 minutes. Jennifer won't have a drink with Chris as she needs to get up early tomorrow.
Dialogue: Howard: How's work going?
Tim: It's almost done, I'm about to fall asleep but I'm adding the finishing touches
Howard: What are those articles you're checking for? I forgot
Tim: A monographic issue of an academic journal... I'm supposed to be editing it with two other people but they just ignored their part and I had to to everything
Howard: That's rude... who are they?
Tim: Maggie and Al
Howard: Really? I thought they were good friends of yours... and colleagues you could trust
Tim: I know, and you know what? My name will be the last one mentioned on the front page due to alphabetic order... even if I've done almost everything on my own... it sucks, huh?
Howard: It sucks indeed
Summary: Tim is finishing his work on preparing an issue of an academic journal. He is also doing Maggie and Al's part of the work.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi. Seems like there are some problems at my building site. May I leave earlier today?
Hanna: Bill, it's the second time this week.
Bill: I know. I hate that myself. I'm sorry. Susie called and she was all in tears.
Hanna: Ok. But, please, don't do that too often.
Bill: I'll try. I promise. Thank you!!!!
Hanna: Don't talk about these shorter days too much in the cafeteria, ok?
Bill: OK. I get your point.
Hanna: What time are you going to finish today?
Bill: 3pm?
Hanna: Fine.
Bill: Thanks!
Summary: There are problems at Bill's building site. It's the second time this week. Hanna agrees to let Bill go earlier today again, but urges him not to talk about too much.
Dialogue: Iker: :)
Iker: oh
Mike: ??
Iker: i was sending that to someone else. sorry
Summary: Iker sent Mike something by mistake.
Dialogue: Wade: are into metal ppl?
Bromley: gosh no way
Alberta: hahaha me neither. the only metal i heard was my brother 20 ys ago
Hooper: sounds good enough hey. why you asking Wade?
Wade: theres a pretty good gig in the underground
Reginald: oh yeah i like this club
Wade: true really good atmosphere
Reginald: and the sound ok too
Alberta: dfntly not where my bro used to play. we heard nothin at all
Hooper: anyway wade the gig?
Wade: sat night. take a look <file_other>
Hooper: ooo dont any of em. any good?
Wade: yeah the supports r local but also pretty cool
Hooper: oh right count me in. reg?
Reginald: i might be able to make it. gimme one day to deecide
Wade: cool guys
Summary: Wade and Hooper are going to a metal concert in the underground on Saturday. Reginald might join them. Bromley and Alberta don't like this kind of music. Alberta's brother used to play metal 20 years ago.
Dialogue: Shelly: I'm looking for a fall coat, are there any good ones in today?
Porter: We got some really nice wool ones in today. Come take a look!
Shelly: I will! Be there on my lunch!
Porter: You better take an early lunch, they will go fast!
Shelly: Ooh! Okay!
Summary: During early lunchtime, Shelly will come to Porter to take a look at wool fall coats which have arrived today. 
Dialogue: Russ: Hey, are you going trick or treatin' tonight?
Jody: Yeah, just have to put some finishing touches on my costume.
Russ: Cool, what are you going to be?
Jody: A witch, naturally.
Russ: hehe...fits you
Jody: Shut up! LOL
Jody: How about you?
Russ: I'll surprise you.
Jody: Ok, probably someone in uniform, right?
Russ: You'll see. Talk to you later.
Jody: Bye
Summary: Russ and Jody are celebrating Halloween tonight. Jody is going to be a witch. Russ wants to surprise Jody, so he doesn't tell anything about his costume.
Dialogue: Oleg: Haha, all the corporations have their Christmas party today
Oleg: Everything is "booked for the whole night"
Filip: <file_photo>
Filip: Here is the atmosphere from mine ;)
Oleg: Fancy, Level 27?
Filip: No, The View
Filip: And to tell you the truth, it looks fancy, but the drinks are in plastic cups
Filip: And doing toasts with plastic cups just feels bad :(
Jacek: From what I heard even the chairs cost extra there
Filip: Well, it is really small...
Filip: I am glad I went once, but I won't be coming back not would I recommend it to anyone :P
Jacek: Like with most "high end" clubs :)
Summary: Filip is unimpressed with the fancy venue of his Christmas party at The View.  
Dialogue: Kim: guys I BEG you stop arguing with Tim he's batshit insane
Kayah: But it's SO FUN
Lucas: lol
Alex: are u sure he's not trolling us?
Kim: Alex, I know him
Alex: ok ok
Summary: Kim asks them to stop arguing with Tim because he is deranged.
Dialogue: Randolph: anyone thereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Megan: yeah, what is it?
Randolph: what was the homework for tomorrow xXD
Richard: ex. 3, p. 45
Randolph: thanks man
Summary: The exercise 3 from page 45 is for homework.
Dialogue: Evan: Do you have notes from ECON 101
Jakob: I do
Jakob: Want them? 
Jakob: I want your notes from ECON 254 if you have them 
Ola: I do! 
Ola: They're not that great because she talked about the same stuff all over
Jakob: I see 
Jakob: but still :p 
Evan: k I want both! 
Ola: xd 
Summary: Jakob will send the notes from ECON 101, Ola will share ECON 254.
Dialogue: Kevin: hey
Kevin: did u see this
Bert: what's up
Kevin: EA has cancelled its open-world Star Wars game
Kevin: <file_gif>
Bert: fuck EA
Kevin: ridiculous
Bert: send me a link plz
Kevin: <file_other>
Bert: all right I see the news
Bert: I hate those guys
Bert: they only care about money
Bert: fcuking lootboxes
Bert: yet another game from the SW universe they cancelled
Kevin: it's pathetic
Bert: fuck disney too
Bert: one hot mess
Kevin: so much potential but I guess we won't see another SW game for a long time now
Bert: yeah at this rate
Bert: man I'm so pissed off
Kevin: feel you bro
Kevin: let's just watch the original trilogy at the weekend
Bert: it's a deal! hehe
Summary: EA has cancelled its Star Wars game. Kevin and Bert do not like EA and Disney. They are going to watch the three original Star Wars films at the weekend.
Dialogue: Paul Sheehan: Heya Ciaran, do you have time for a coffee b4 heading back?
Ciaran: Yeah, I have about 30 mins.
Paul Sheehan: If your pressed for time, leave it off. I'm stuck in Turners Cross 'til about 1
Paul Sheehan: and Mike has to be back at work at 1:15 today.
Ciaran: Yeah, meeting Mike on Grand Parade.
Ciaran: I have an appointment I need to get to in Clonakilty
Paul Sheehan: Mike messaged me, will be in asap but I know you're under pressure for time so if we don't meet today, 
Paul Sheehan: I hope you'll accept my accept my apologies!
Ciaran: Hey man it was good meeting up with you today :)
Paul Sheehan: Yeah, it's something we should definitely do more often <emoticon_smile>
Paul Sheehan:  Maybe when you get your gaming room sorted, you might check out World of Warships.
Ciaran: Yeah for sure.
Ciaran: See you later. 
Summary: Paul and Ciaran want to meet, but Ciaran only has 30 minutes and Paul may not make it in time. They managed to meet, Paul encourages Ciaran to check World of Warships.
Dialogue: Arnie: Have you ordered the trousers yet?
Steve: Yes, I have just done it :-) I hadn't realized how easy and comfortable it may be to do your shopping this way :-)
Arnie: You're becoming tech-savvy :-p
Steve: Come on, it's no big deal. There are still lots of things I get confused with.
Arnie: Step by step and soon you'll leave us all youngsters behind.
Steve: LOL
Arnie: Wow
Steve: Having good fun?
Arnie: Yes :-D
Steve: <file_gif>
Summary: Steve has just ordered his trousers. Arnie thinks Steve is getting better at using technology.
Dialogue: Mike: <file_video>
Mike: My new bike!
Adam: It looks great. How much it cost?
Mike: Too much... :)
Summary: Mike's got a new expensive bike.
