Dialogue: Suz: We really need the information to flow this time. Can you re-write it?
Dave: Sure, no problem. I thought it did flow, but...
Suz: Just making the points from one paragraph to another.
Dave: Yeah, like I thought that really did tie in well. Maybe not?
Suz: Maybe you didn't communicate all your thoughts.
Dave: True. I'll give it another read.
Suz: Okay, plus also make sure each paragraph could stand on its own.
Dave: Flow but be free standing?
Suz: Yes.
Dave: Okay, maybe that's why it didn't flow before.
Suz: Could be. Read it through for flow then split it up. Tweak where necessary?
Dave: I think that's a plan.
Suz: Great. Need it by Thursday.
Dave: Sure, no problem.
Summary: Dave will re-write the text on Suz's request by Thursday. 
Dialogue: Patrick: Hey there, are you going to the cinema this weekend?
Joan: Sure thing
Joan: I wanna watch Bohemian Rhapsody. What do u think about it?
Patrick: Perfect, I love Queen
Patrick: I heard that it's a great biopic
Joan: :)
Summary: Joan is going to the cinema this weekend to see Bohemian Rhapsody.
Dialogue: Sarah: How are we doing on the wedding invitations?
Connor: Good I think we only have around twenty left
Sarah: only? :D
Connor: we had a hundred...
Sarah: true true okay
Sarah: so let's try getting as many as we can out of the way this weekend, okay?
Connor: sure
Connor: we could invite some people over
Connor: make a party out of it?
Sarah: How many can we squeeze in this way?
Connor: let me check
Connor: 6? 7?
Sarah: perfect, Saturday?
Connor: great :)
Summary: Sarah and Connor are going to invite 6 or 7 people over to a party on Saturday, to give them wedding invitations.
Dialogue: Olenna: <file_other>
Olenna: have you read the news?!
Armani: unfortunately I did
Olenna: I'm devastated
Armani: my gay friends from Brasil seriously consider emigration
Olenna: that's terrible
Armani: and it's only beginning of Bolsonaro's presidency
Summary: Armani's gay friends from Brasil think about emigration because of the President Bolsonaro's policy.
Dialogue: Amanda: I bought a dress
Amanda: <photo_file>
Leticia: Hmmm…
Leticia: Are you sure you want to keep it?
Amanda: Why?
Leticia: It doesn’t look great on you
Leticia: These dresses are not for your body type
Leticia: I know they look great on models
Leticia: But a pear-shaped woman like you looks just chubby in a dress like that
Leticia: I’m not saying you’re fat
Leticia: You’re not
Leticia: You have a very feminine figure
Leticia: I wish I had your curves
Leticia: But this dress doesn’t flatter you
Amanda: Ok. I will return it ☹
Summary: Amanda bought a dress. Leticia doesn't like the way it looks on Amanda. She will return it.
Dialogue: Liam: yoh bro!
Alex: ssup dude?
Liam: what time is the sea hawks game?
Alex: i'm not so sure, but i think its around 10pm
Liam: Cool, let me confirm then ill holla at you
Alex: cool, please do
Liam: Ok
Summary: Liam will confirm the time of the match and call back to Alex. 
Dialogue: Sofia: omg it's raining as hell
Sofia: and I forgtt to take in our clothes from the balcony!
Finley: No worries
Finley: I was clever enough to take care of it before I took off to work :D
Sofia: thanks!!!!
Sofia: <fil_gif>
Summary: It is raining. Finley remembered to take in his and Sofia's clothes from the balcony before he had left for work.
Dialogue: Jimmy: WTF happened with that weather?
Jimmy: Yesterday it was warm, sunny and I even managed to convinced my girlfriend to take a stroll
Jimmy: And today temperature is like 10 degrees less and my balls are freezing  :D
Peter: Well. Global warming :D
Jimmy: Global freezing.
Peter: Global warming causes weather to get less and less predictable and imply sudden changes
Peter: Sudden shifts in weather conditions and radicalisation of weather is one of the consequences
Jimmy: I get it. Still doesn't change the fact my balls are freezing :D
Peter: xD
Peter: Should've put underpants :D
Jimmy: You know, when I was a kid, I hated underpants.
Jimmy: I thought it was so unmanly and girlish that i neglected any function of underpants.
Peter: Haha. Every boy had it like this :D
Jimmy: But now, I think it's really good to keep your ass warm at all costs :D
Peter: It's similiar thing with with resting in preschool. They used to force us to rest.
Peter: I hated it then, but now I think every company should have something like this during working hours :D
Jimmy: Haha. Of course it should be counted in as a working hour you get paid for :D
Peter: Naturally :D
Summary: Yeterday it was warm and sunny. Today it's freezing. Peter thinks it's because of global warming. Jimmy hated underpants when he was a kid. Now Jimmy thinks underpants are a good idea. Peter hated resting at preschool. Peter thinks it would be a good idea to rest an hour a day at work. 
Dialogue: Noah: When and where are we meeting? :)
Madison: I thought you were busy...?
Noah: Yeah, I WAS. I quit my job. 
Madison: No way! :o :o :o Why? I thought you liked it...?
Noah: Well, I used to, until my boss turned into a complete cock... Long story.
Summary: Noah quit his job as his boss had become unbearable. Now he has the time to meet Madison.
Dialogue: Amadeus: I feel sad
Hubert: oooooh why is that?
Amadeus: I don't know
Amadeus: Was thinking about my life
Wilda: Is it because of your birthday?
Amadeus: I guess
Amadeus: Another year has passed and my life continues being miserable 
Summary: Amadeus is sad because he feels his life is miserable.
Dialogue: Daisy: Do you think this dress looks like a bathrobe?
Logan: No! Why?
Daisy: Well, it's plaid and belted. Thought maybe it was giving a bathrobe vibe!
Logan: Not for me. I think it looks nice.
Daisy: Thanks! That's not why I was asking...
Logan: I know, but it does look nice.
Daisy: Thanks! Blush!
Summary: Logan likes Daisy's dress and doesn't think it looks like a bathrobe.
Dialogue: Grit: Are you in Normandy right now?
Maria: yes... these are our sunsets
Maria: <file_photo>
Grit: so i can enjoy that in august too?
Maria: oh totally, with some chilled rosé
Summary: Maria is in Normandy right now. She sent Grit a photo of the sunsets she enjoys watching. Grit made sure she can come to Normandy in August.
Dialogue: Vincent: Guys, we should meet tonight to talk about the situation in the office
Diana: I'm afraid you're right 
Marilyn: But what are we going to talk about? We don't have much influence on the situation.
Diana: So we should just sit there and tolerate her behaviour?
Vincent: Exactly, if we act together we can change something I believe
Marilyn: Ok, let's try.
Vincent: The bar at White Tower at 6.15?
Marilyn: OK
Diana: Perfect for me.
Summary: There's a problem with one person in the office. Vincent, Diana and Marilyn are meeting at 6.15 tonight to discuss her behavior.
Dialogue: Karen: Hey.babe
Kent:  Hey
Karen: I was wondering what time you are coming home.
Kent: I have a lot of work in the office but i'll try my best to be there before supper.
Karen: Speaking of dinner, what would you like to have?
Kent: I generally love you cooking but i think that some rice, cheese and wings would do.
Karen: OK
Kent: But that is if it is okay with you and the kids
Karen: Sure it sound perfect.
Kent: Cool
Karen: BTW, Harvey stopped by, he was looking for. He said he would come back later
Kent: Ooh.It is about a House in the upcountry which he wants to be renovated.
Karen: Ooh I see, he mentioned it sometime back
Kent: Yeah
Karen: Fine. Take your time then. Just don't be late for supper. The kids miss you already 
Kent: Sure I wont.
Karen: I love you.
Kent: I love you too 
Summary: Kent has a lot of work in the office but he should be back home before supper. Karen will prepare rice, cheese and wings.
Dialogue: Andrew: I got the job
Gala: You’re kidding me!!!!!
Andrew: No, it’s true :]
Gala: OMGGGG congratulations!!!
Gala: We have to drink tonight ;p
Summary: Andrew got the job and is meeting with Gala to celebrate it with a drink.
Dialogue: Oliver: The party is set up.
Margaret: I'm happy you helped me :)
Oliver: I will do anything for you :*
Margaret: Let's have fun tonight
Summary: Oliver has helped Margaret set up the party for tonight. 
Dialogue: Robert: I'm so sorry for your loss Karen
Karen: Thank you Robert
Tom: I'm sorry Karen, Harry was an amazing man :(
Michael: Are you planning on a memorial service?
Karen: Yes, it's not easy at this stage to get my head around everything, but yes
Karen: We reserved an Italian place, the one Harry loved - La Tomatina
Tom: That's a lovely idea
Robert: I've heard from Janet that the service will be in St. Thomas's Church
Karen: Yes, at 11 am. I hope you will be able to come
Robert: Of course we will!
Tom: We sure will, Karen
Michael: Is there anything you need love? Remember that we're all here for you
Karen: Thank you, I really appreciate it
Summary: Tom and Robert send their condolences to Karen on the loss of Harry. The service will be in St. Thomas's Church at 11 am, followed by a memorial service in La Tomatina. 
Dialogue: Samantha: Do you have some free time today?
Anna: Why do you ask?
Samantha: I need to buy new running shoes.
Samantha: The old ones are completely destroyed
Summary: Samantha needs to buy new running shoes. Her old ones are completely destroyed.
Dialogue: Mateos: I wish we could all live in a neighborhood in the future
Mateos: I already miss you all 
Connor: Ya bro
Connor: It feels like our journey just started
Connor: And you have to leave
Mateos: :( 
Mateos: I always knew that everything is happening too fast in my life
Connor: You're done school
Connor: Be happy because of that
Connor: And well reunite in the future
Mateos: :3
Summary: Mateos has finished school and has to leave. Connor and Mateos will miss each other.
Dialogue: Cassie: Can you teach me how to dance?
Tina: but I'm not a professional
Cassie: 4 me u r. I have 2 left feet :(
Tina: Don't say that. U have some unique moves
Cassie: r u kidding? I dance like a monkey in the zoo. So, will you teach me?
Tina: Never done this befor but I can try.
Cassie: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Tina: No problem. We'll start next weekend :)
Summary: Tina is going to teach Cassie how to dance, starting next weekend.
Dialogue: Carl: you have a dog! just saw your instagram :)
Monica: yes :)
Carl: is it a schnauzer mini?
Monica: it is :) 2 months old. his name is Sheldon :)
Carl: my daughter can't see him...
Monica: lol
Summary: Monica has a 2-month-old schnauzer mini, named Sheldon.
Dialogue: Gabriel: hey how's life
Gabriel: will you guys come to Poland any time soon?
Arthur: yeah we wanna meet
Mindy: we're fine, thanks, you?
Harry: I guess we will fly home for Christmas
Arthur: we're pretty well!
Gabriel: we can talk on Skype if you wanna have a chat? hehe
Arthur: sure, what about 4 pm on Saturday?
Gabriel: fine with us!
Summary: Harry will fly to Poland for Christmas. Gabriel and Arthur will talk on Skype at 4 PM on Saturday.
Dialogue: Mary: ice cream?
Jane: yuppie 
Mary: I will buy them 
Summary: Mary is going to buy some ice-cream.
Dialogue: Mum: Darling, can you take a bus? I must be at school at 7:30
Terry: no pro
Mum: sorry about it
Mum: I'll see you at home later
Terry: ok
Summary: Terry will have to take a bus, because Mum has to be at school at 7:30.
Dialogue: Robert: what's up with all these facebook posts from Maria?
Audrey: what do you mean?
Robert: she has some weird coaching posts about diet etc.
Audrey: ahh.. that
Robert: ye, she is selling some magic juice pills lol, what kind of scam is that? :D
Audrey: now i remember, yeah she tried to sell me those aswell hahaha 
Robert: did you get them?
Audrey: of course not, i am not dumb lol, i told her to get lost ;)
Robert: she is probably caught up in some pyramid scheme
Summary: Maria has been putting unusual posts on Facebook regarding diet. Maria has tried to sell pills to Audrey, but Audrey wasn't interested.
Dialogue: Hugh: hey bro, you busy?
Brian: no, shoot :)
Hugh: so i have finally grew up to the decision of getting my own place
Brian: uuu congratulations, what are you looking for?
Hugh: nothing too big, 50 square meters at max, 2 separate rooms
Brian: that's a nice flat mate, can be quite expensive though
Hugh: i already got approved for a loan so that's settled :)
Brian: hah - 30 years as a slave?
Hugh: hahaha exactly :D well 25 to be exact
Brian: at least you will be paying for your own flat, right?
Hugh: yeah, exactly and i can always treat it as an investment, sell or rent it later
Brian: true that
Hugh: so i was thinking, can you give me any tips? i know you looked for yours last year?
Brian: i did but to be honest it was mostly my father who took care of it haha
Hugh: i see... how is your district anyway? i saw a lot of good offers there
Brian: well you know how it is, kind of far from the city center but we got everything here
Hugh: everything?
Brian: we have 2 big food stores, kindergarten, a doctor, vet, hairdresser, bakery, drug store
Hugh: really?
Brian: ye, they build a lot of new apartments here over the year so the business is growing
Hugh: i am amazed, it always looked like a desert
Brian: ye, we even have a pizza place and a hamburger place and some coffee shop ;) i never go there but they are here
Hugh: this is surprising, i need to step up my research game hahaha, i honestly thought nothing is there
Brian: it's quite nice and they are planning to make a new tram line to the center so the commute will get even better
Hugh: this all sounds cool, maybe we will be neighbors hahaha
Brian: i would love that dude :D
Summary: Hugh is looking for his own place. Brian bought his last year and enjoys living there. Hugh and Brian might end up as neighbors.
Dialogue: John: Could you buy a set of forks for me at IKEA?
James: LOL, set of forks?
John: <file_photo> this
Patt: no problem!
John: thanks!
Summary: James will buy a set of forks at IKEA on John's request.
Dialogue: Millie: hey you still got spotify right
Danielle: yep :)
Millie: check out Pop2 by Charlie XCX
Danielle: yes, m'dame :)
Millie: haha you're gonna love it. it's like weirdly futuristic
Danielle: i always love your recommendations <3
Millie: aaaawww <file_gif>
Summary: Millie recommends that Danielle listens to Pop2 by Charlie XCX on Spotify.
Dialogue: Kristel: Good morning, I want to book thirty tickets for the show on Friday.
Jake: Hello, booking may be done on our website.
Kristel: I know, I just have a few question about how it works.
Jake: Ask anything, I’m here to help :]
Kristel: So first of all, how to make a group? When I try to do it on the room plan, it says I can book the maximum of 5 tickets.
Jake: Before you go there, you need to choose a type of tickets, there look for Multiple Tickets/Groups.
Kristel: Okay, thank you, that’s clear. Another problem: when will I see the discount for groups?
Jake: You don’t have to do anything, after choosing a type and seats, the system will provide you with the amount to pay, showing how much it was discounted (depending on the number of people).
Kristel: What are the payment options?
Jake: Credit card, online transfer and PayPal.
Kristel: Which of them is the fastest?
Jake: PayPal of course, the longest is online transfer because it needs to be confirmed.
Kristel: Can I pay later, before the show?
Jake: The payment screen shows the amount and additionally the amount you need to pay to secure the places (it’s one third of the overall price).
Kristel: But you won’t charge me twice for this security part?
Jake: Of course not, it is deducted from the total amount.
Kristel: Great, what if one of the kids tries to enter with some snacks not bought in the cinema?
Jake: If we notice something like that, we will gently ask this person to leave it behind, and of course we will inform the counselors.
Kristel: You have a nice set of rules for such cases!
Jake: Thank you, we can’t wait to see you and your group.
Kristel: The group can’t wait as well, haha
Jake: Obviously they can’t ;]
Kristel: Anyway, thank you for your help, see you on Friday :]
Summary: Kristel wants to book tickets for 30 children for the show on Friday. Kristel asks questions about the booking on the website and cinema rules. Jake answers Kristel's questions.
Dialogue: Matilde: We're leaving in 10min
Sam: very good
Evan: I'm waiting outside
Summary: Matilde is leaving in 10 minutes and Evan is waiting outside. 
Dialogue: Ellie: greeting from Helsinki <file_photo>
Ryan: how nice! so much snow
Sam: How long are you staying there?
Ellie: till Friday :)
Ellie: I like it here a lot
Ryan: Are you going to visit anything else there
Ellie: I want to go to the Arctic circle 
Ryan: wow, how exciting
Ellie: I am not sure yet, it's a bit expensive
Ryan: do it, you may never be there again, use the opportunity
Ellie: maybe you're right, I should
Sam: sure, can't be too expensive
Ellie: I'll try to check the connections and airbnb
Ellie: expect postcards from Santa Claus ;)
Sam: hahaha 
Summary: Ellie is staying in Helsinki till Friday. Ellie would like to visit the Arctic circle too, but it is a bit expensive. Sam convinces Ellie to use the opportunity.
Dialogue: Meggy: I am not sure if you've heard it but they are changing the office.
Brad: They are? For a bigger one?
Meggy: No, for a smaller one lol - they don't have the money anymore, almost everyone resigned
Brad: well that does not surprise me much
Meggy: we are moving next month, they just started selling some furniture
Brad: Are they selling this grey couch? I want it... I miss it so much
Meggy: No hahahaha, Monica said she is taking it
Brad: no way :( that sucks
Meggy: yeah, but you can have a chair if you want, the red ones, remember those?
Brad: I wanted the couch...
Summary: Meggy and Brad's company is changing the office. Therefore, the company started selling some furniture. Brad would like to take the couch, but Monica has already reserved it.
Dialogue: Ceil: help with French pls!
Darton: can't help sry
Keyon: u need all? photo?
Ceil: you save my ass thx!
Keyon: there you go <file_photo>
Summary: Ceil needs help with French and Keyton sends her a photo with all she needs.
