Dialogue: Hannah: Hey!! 
Hannah: I got a 95% on. my final!!
Rand: Woow 
Rand: How did you do that? 
Jake: Wow congrats!
Jake: Hes tough on finals! 
Jake: well done
Rand: <3 
Rand: Congrats grul
Rand: gurl* 
Hannah: Hah worked my ass off thanks <3 
Summary: Hannah worked hard and got 95% on her final.
Dialogue: Laura: Babes, are you up? :D
Margot: Yup! Still 10??
Laura: (Y)
Margot: Just coming from the train station now so might be a little late :) Just kidding, the door wouldn’t open, now I’m at Juan les Pins :D Okay so I might be only slightly later.
Laura: OK, let me know when you're at the door :P I need to find a pharmacy on our way
Margot: Sweet! Okay no worries! Don’t tell me your sick now as well??
Laura: No no, it is sth different :P
Margot: Okay sweet! :)
Laura: Where are you Margot?
Margot: Like 2 mins away
Summary: Laura confirms that Margot is coming to the meeting and keeps asking her how long it will take.
Dialogue: Allan: Why you didn't come at the river?
Ernest: When and what for?
Allan: I told you that we were planning to go fishing after Friday's classes, you forgot?
Ernest: Shit! I did, yeah
Ernest: But it's most probably because I've been really having a lot going on here lately
Ernest: Becky dumped me, I had to move out and stay at my parent's
Ernest: Maaan, freakin' revolution
Allan: Holy shit, dude I see... You've definitely been out of luck lately
Allan: Wanna come over and have a drink?
Ernest: Now?
Allan: Yeah, why not. I'm chillin' all day at my flat today
Ernest: Cool, I'm getting my ass up outta here
Summary: Ernest forgot about the fishing with Allan. Ernest got dumped and had to move out, so Allan invites him over for a drink to cheer him up.
Dialogue: Kerri: Did you see the apartment?
Stella: yes brb
Kerri: ok
Stella: Sorry I was driving
Stella: I saw it yesterday but it was already dark so I want to go again to see it in the morning
Stella: First of all, its really big, 130 sqm
Kerri: WOW
Stella: I could split it into 2 apartments
Stella: 90 and 40 sqm more or less
Kerri: Or 80 and 50?
Stella: Not really, there's only one way to split it
Stella: So I could stay in the big one with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms
Kerri: Sounds good
Stella: I want to see it in the morning
Stella: The agent said the bedrooms are very sunny in the morning
Stella: Maybe I'll go tomorrow
Kerri: Took some photos?
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Kerri: Nice!!!
Kerri: The kitchen looks fantastic
Kerri: Its huge
Stella: It's the size of my living room!
Stella: We obviously don't need 3 bedrooms
Stella: But I could have a decent home office at last
Kerri: Has Greg seen it?
Stella: No, he's away this week
Summary: Stella wants to see the apartment in the morning. She plans to split it into 2 apartments.
Dialogue: Adam: No need to come now.. dinner is served and party will be over soon.
John: but i am outside and they are still setting up the table.
Adam: lol really your there... we will be there in 10 mins
John: what? none of you is here? why were you messaging me?
Adam: because we want you to wait like we always wait for you :P
John: shiit! lol
Summary: Adam lies to John about coming to the dinner which isn't served yet to make him wait for them just as they always wait for him.
Dialogue: Natalie: It’s late!!
Jane: Exactly! Where are you??
Natalie: I’m on my way. I thought it was much earlier. Sorry!
Summary: Natalie is running late.
Dialogue: Rachel: Hi! Is everything OK?
Monica: Yeah, why?
Rachel: Cause you haven't talked to me in days.
Monica: Been busy.
Rachel: That's what I'm talking about! What is wrong, just tell me!
Monica: Nothing, geez. Lighten up.
Rachel: I know you too well. And I know when something's bothering you. Just tell me and let's get it over with.
Monica: Everything's fine. It's just sad when you come to your best friend's party and she doesn't even have time to say hi to you.
Rachel: I said I was sorry! There were too many guests for me to get to everyone.
Monica: Good to know I'm just anyone to you.
Rachel: I thought that as my best friend you would understand and try to mingle. 
Monica: Sure, I always have to understand everything. 
Rachel: That's not what I meant. Look, I'm sorry, OK? I know it's hard for you to meet new people and I should have introduced you to some people. 
Monica: Whatever.
Rachel: What can I do to make it up to you? Just tell me. 
Monica: I don't know, but it should be something major. 
Rachel: Now you're talking. Bring it on. I'm ready.
Monica: Dinner on you at Le Chef's.
Rachel: You sneaky brat! You were never mad at me, you just wanted me to take you to dinner!
Summary: Monica has been busy and hasn't talked to Rachel long. When Monica came to Rachel's party, Rachel didn't even have time to say hi to her and this is bothering Monica. Rachel apologises for that, but she was busy with many guests. Rachel can make it up by taking Monica for dinner to LeChef's. 
Dialogue: Gabriel: i don't know if I should get a playstation or an xbox 
Julian: that's a no-brainer, xbox obviously
Gabriel: you only say that because you have one
Julian: because it's better, duh
Gabriel: i always had a playstation, you know i love it
Julian: have you seen the new playstation controller? They are crap
Gabriel: better than the xbox controllers
Julian: how can you say that? Everything is better at xbox
Gabriel: really?
Julian: yeah, battery life, design, everything
Gabriel: you are such a fanboy
Julian: and proud of it!
Summary: Gabriel wants to get a playstation or an xbox. Julian recommends an xbox and he's great fan of them. Gabriel has always had a playstation. 
Dialogue: Alice: Hi Mary, It's Alice.
Mary: Do you change mobile number?
Alice: No it's my mom phone. My mobile is broken.
Mary: What happened?
Alice: I dropped it into the bath :(
Mary: What?! You are crazy!
Summary: Alice dropped her mobile phone into the bath and it's broken.
Dialogue: Eveline: The flight is delayed one hour
Kate: Let's hope it will be only one hour
Kate: Anyways, I'm at home waiting for you
Kate: Not going anywhere :D
Eveline: The other day my flight was delayed over 3 hours
Eveline: I claimed for compensation
Eveline: But haven't heard from them yet...
Summary: Eveline's flight has a one-hour delay. Kate is at home waiting for her.
Dialogue: Oscar: Hey :). Would you like to go to a concert this Saturday? It's my good friend's band playing, I think you'd like it :).
Poppy: Hey! I think I would :). What kind of band is it?
Oscar: It's a post-rock band. Really nice instrumental music and they have violins, too :).
Poppy: Violins <3. Great, where and what time? :)
Oscar: Actually it's quite interesting, it's a private concert in one of our friend's apartments in the Old Town. It starts at about 7pm as far as I know.
Poppy: Oh, how cool :O. So where do we meet?
Oscar: How about I pick you up at 5pm and we'll grab some tea and walk there? :)
Poppy: Okay, that's great :). I heard the weather is gonna be really nice, perfect for a walk!
Oscar: Indeed! So... see you on Saturday? :)
Poppy: Yes! :)
Oscar: Can't wait ;).
Summary: Oscar will pick Poppy up on Saturday at 5 to take a walk and then go to the post-rock concert of Oscar's friend's band that starts at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Zack: I tend to worry about my friends so I tell you this
Zack: Always be careful if you're putting a cigarette to your mouth the right side
Zack: I lit a cigarette being busy with sth else
Pete: You have my full attention now
Zack: I inhaled once or twice and unknowingly I must've turned it in my fingers
Zack: I burn my mouth :/
Pete: Hahahahahahahahahah
Pete: Really?
Pete: You're not joking?
Zack: No.
Zack: I know it seems funny but it hurts :/
Pete: You're really something else man
Summary: Zack has once put the wrong side of a cigarette in his mouth and got burned.
Dialogue: Boris: this is sooo sooo boooring...
Boris: I'm going for a smoke in 5 min. Derren?
Derren: I don't smoke man
Mick: Whaaaat???
Derren: Don't want to talk about this... 5 days and counting
Boris: ok. 
Summary: Boris is going for a smoke in 5 min. Derren doesn't smoke.
Dialogue: Emmet: what would you like to eat
Lorraine: maybe soup
Emmet: tomato?
Lorraine: okay ;)
Summary: Lorranie would like to eat a tomato soup.
Dialogue: Lea: Are you going to order anything from FitMe?
Carl: Yeah, you need anything?
Lea: I'm running out of protein shakes, so I was thinking about ordering some more. Could you get me three banana flavoured, three strawberry and five chocolate ones?
Carl: Ok, need anything else?
Lea: I read on instagram there's a company that sells fit versions of junk food, like raspberry jelly etc. Have you tried it?
Carl: Do you remember their name?
Lea: Unfortunately I don't :(
Carl: Hm... I have something in mind. Is it them? <file_other>
Lea: Yup! Have you tried their products?
Carl: A couple of things, pancakes, whipped cream, jelly, I think they're really good, but I wouldn't treat them as a proper fit food ;)
Lea: Could you please order the pancake mix for me anyway? Thanks! :)
Summary: Carl is going to make an order from FitMe. He will get three banana flavoured, three strawberry and five chocolate protein shakes for Leah. He will also get her pancake mix from a company which sells fit versions of junk food. 
Dialogue: Rick: How are you doing with the work tasks? Do you think you'll have the set tasks finished by Friday?
John: Yes I should have them done by then.
Rick: Great! Are you coming to the Friday work meeting?
John: If I finish my tasks in time then I will.
Rick: I do need to meet with you privately before then. Can you set aside about 1 hour for a meeting on Wednesday. Say 4-5pm?
John: Yes I can. What is the meeting about?
Rick: I'd rather tell you when we meet face to face.
John: That sounds ominous.
Rick: Don't worry we don't bite.
John: That's not exactly instilling confidence in me.
Rick: Well I didn't want to tell you before the meeting but I guess I should. We've had some negative feedback regarding your performance at work.
John: OK. Is it really bad? I'd rather we talked about it now so I don't have to wait until Wednesday.
Rick: I was hoping to do it face to face. Let's wait until we meet on Wednesday.
John: I'd rather we talked about it now. Is there anything you want me to do to improve my work performance etc.
Rick: No. Nothing at all. I know that you try your best and put a lot of effort in and you're keen to continue to work with us but...
John: ... but you're not keen to continue?
Rick: Something like that. There's nothing I can do John. I would love to keep you on but this is not the first time we've had customers complaining as well as other staff members about your performance.
John: So you want me to quit or do you want to sack me?
Rick: I think it would be best if you handed in your notice. That way we part ways amicably and everyone is happy.
John: Hardly a happy situation.
Rick: I know but my hands are tied.
John: Can I at least count on a good reference from you?
Rick: Yes, of course.
John: Thanks. I must say this is really disappointing and very badly timed. I guess I'll see you on Wednesday.
Summary: Complaints have been made about John and he will be made redundant. John should hand in his notice. Rick will give him good reference. They will meet on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Ted: hi mate, i'm going away for the weekend. 
George: you want me to take care of Spliff?
Ted: you;re so clever. can you?
George: sure no problem. you'll pay back
Ted: sure thing. you know the bastard really likes you
George: i hope so. the food and all there?
Ted: sure. and can you water the flowers pls?
George: willdo, no prob
Summary: Ted is going away for the weekend. George will take care of Spliff and water the flowers when Ted is away.
Dialogue: Dave: happy new year... scottish kisses
Harris: to you too, wish you the best . Kiss from Ireland, the windy one
Dave: storm is coming to us as well. Very badly and strong
Harris: Hang on!!
Dave: do you still have a roof? candles? and bubbles??
Harris: never without them!
Dave: Bubbles help not to feel the cold and the fear..
Harris: and also, you can walk outside without noticing the wind! How is it with you?
Dave: all trees are down, the tide is so high that there is no more peer, frightful really, but we're fine
Harris: i hope you'll be able to come next week
Dave: hope so. So far, all flights are cancelled and trains are stopped because of all those trees on the rails
Harris: Wait and see. 
Dave: at the news they said it would last at least 3 days. So, we still have a chance!
Harris: ok. See you then 
Summary: The storm is so bad that the trees are down and the transfer is impossible. It should last 3 days so Dave still plans to visit Harris next week.
Dialogue: Jack: Emelia, what grade did you get in Robotics?
Emelia: A*
Jack: Well that's great. I too got an A*
Emelia: Superb
Summary: Emelia and Jack both got A* in Robotics.
Dialogue: Emily: Hi, Giorgio! Are you ok?
Giorgio: Ciao Emily! I'm fine. What's going on?
Emily: I'd like to ask you something... maybe a little unusual.
Giorgio: Oh God! No, Emily, I'm not gay. :D
Emily: Haha, no, it has to do with Daniele, Marco and their friends. They keep saying that going to the movies on a Saturday night is a thing for old and boring people. I love watching movies but it seems like all the Italian people I know here in Turin just want to go to clubs or get drunk or both, you know...
Giorgio: Yes, I know, but those guys are, well, I don't want to offend them so I'll just say they don't have a huge intellectual landscape.
Emily: You know, sometimes I miss my friends back in England. :P
Giorgio: I know, but if you want you can come to the Cinema Massimo with Martina, Francesco and me next Saturday. They will be playing the new Sorrentino film. Are you interested?
Emily: Of course I am! Thank you. :)
Giorgio: Obviously no grudge against Daniele and Marco, they are fine guys. ;)
Emily: Obviously. ;)
Summary: Emily is upset. She can't find a company for movies in Turin, because her peers think it's suitable for old people. Giorgio invites her to the cinema with Martina and Francesco next Saturday. 
Dialogue: Liam: Are we going to Puerto del Rosario tomorrow?
Tony: This is the last opportunity for us
Jack: we're planning to leave at 8
Liam: ok!
Summary: Tony and Jack are leaving for Puerto del Rosario tomorrow at 8.
Dialogue: Oscar: I'm getting really tired with my work
Elliott: what happened this time?
Oscar: nothing specific
Oscar: same old shit
Oscar: lots of overtime and broken promises
Elliott: why won't you look for a new one?
Oscar: I know that I should but I'm not sure what I want to do
Elliott: still staying put in a place that only annoys you is not a smart move
Oscar: true but what if I won't be able to find anything new?
Elliott: you can always do the same thing but in a different company
Oscar: I'm not sure if that would change anything
Oscar: doing the same thing over and over again I feel like I would get sick of that pretty quickly
Oscar: no matter the place I'm doing it
Elliott: well nothing will improve if you stick with your current job
Elliott: you'll just get more and more frustrated
Oscar: I know that but I was looking through the current offers and nothing was really appealing to me
Elliott: not sure how I can help you with that
Oscar: me neither but I needed to get that out of my chest
Elliott: maybe you should take some time off?
Oscar: yeah maybe I just need to recharge
Oscar: it's been quite some time since I had some free time
Elliott: try it then
Elliott: nobody forces you to take life changing decisions on the spot
Oscar: true
Summary: Oscar is frustrated with his job. Other offers don't appeal to Oscar. Elliott suggested taking time off.
Dialogue: Mark: Hi mate, any movies you recommend?
Frank: dunno. what kind u thinking of?
Mark: some action or thriller movie would best I guess
Frank: have you seen the ocean series?
Mark: you mean Clooney and Brad pitt and all the others?
Frank: yep
Mark: liked it?
Frank: it was fun. bit of action bit of comedy, good acting
Mark: right. theres a new sequel on soon
Frank: I see, what is it now? Ocean's 15?
Mark: oh, thats a surprise. it went up and it goes down
Frank: yeah, i guess. and it got women now
Mark: what do you mean?
Frank: yoi know, i guess it's now the girls trying to rob the bank or casino or whatever
Mark: sounds interesting. u know the cast?
Frank: Sandra Bullock is in it. and the lady playing in Fast and Furious what's her name ...
Mark: Michelle Rodriguez?
Frank: oh yes, she's pretty cool
Mark: sounds interesting
Frank: so you fancy going?
Mark: i guess i might. 2moro perhaps?
Frank: not me. gym. saturday?
Mark: im cool. afternoon, right?
Frank: yep. i'll check where they play it and let you know.
Mark: cool then. talk to you later
Frank: thx, later
Summary: Frank and Mike will probably go to the cinema to watch Ocean's on Saturday afternoon.
Dialogue: Teo: why were you so sad today?
Ollie: my dog died last night 
Teo: oh I'm sorry 
Teo: how old was he? 
Ollie: 16
Teo: I'm sure it was his time and that he was happy to live so long with you 
Ollie: thank you for the support 
Summary: Ollie was sad today, because his dog died last night.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: Dad is reaaaally angry with you
Scott: Huh?
Scott: But why?
Jacqueline: Remember how you borrowed the car?
Scott: Yea...?
Jacqueline: Apparently he found a pair of panties under the back seat
Jacqueline: It's not my business what you do but how do you let sth like this happen??
Scott: Oh shit
Scott: That was ages ago, how is this even possible
Jacqueline: Well, you're in some deep trouble
Jacqueline: If I were you, I'd come home late, maybe he'll have calmed down a little
Summary: Scott borrowed a car from his dad. Dad is angry with Scott, because he found panties under the back seat.
Dialogue: Ali: Mr Bongo went back to Morocco
John: what? really?
Jean: Yes, this is getting quite ridiculous
Cecilia: and so little information
Ali: of course, he's just miserably clinging on power
Jean: honestly I prefer him that a military junta
Ali: he managed to survive one coup 
Cecilia: hahah, have you seen the memes making fun of the failed coup?
Ali: no! 
Cecilia: <file_other> 
Ali: hahaha
Jean: yes, it's very funny how they mock up their own versions of the coup
Ali: Jean, I prefer anything than Bongo family
Ali: but they seem a never ending story for this country
Summary: Mr Bongo went back to Morocco. He survived a coup, as Ali reports. Cecilia sent a meme about the failed coup.
Dialogue: Linda: Should I make dinner for you guys?
Uri: I will eat with Martha.
Supriya: I will be home very late.
Supriya: But thanks :*
Linda: Ok
Linda: If it's just me I don't feel like cooking
Linda: I will eat in the restaurant across the street. 
Summary: Supriya will be home late. Linda will eat in the restaurant across the street.
Dialogue: Sarah: still mad?
Alex: A bit.
Sarah: what can I do to make u forgive me?
Alex: Dunno, just don’t ignore me next time.
Sarah: r u free at 12?
Alex: Yes, why?
Sarah: let’s go grab some lunch and talk.
Alex: OK
Summary: Sarah and Alex will grab lunch at 12 to talk and make up.
Dialogue: Tom: Happy B-day! 
Tom: <file_gif>
Laura: oh, thank you, it's so cute <3 <3 <3 
Tom: :D
Summary: Tom wishes Laura happy brithday.
Dialogue: Yuri: it's gotten bad
Grey: what??
Yuri: the dean somehow knows about the fight
Grey: that's bad
Yuri: i know
Grey: so who's the snitch
Yuri: i don't know
Grey: what are you gonna do now
Yuri: he called me in his office today
Grey: what did he say
Yuri: i still have time
Grey: oh, so what WILL you tell him
Yuri: hey i'll tell what's true, i didn't do anythiing
Grey: yea, it's not your fault anyways
Yuri: but he will be mad
Grey: verry..
Yuri: i know, but he knows i got good grades
Grey: that's your pitch?? xD
Yuri: hey it's all i got :p
Grey: do what you gotta do man, just let it settle
Summary: The dean called Yuri in his office today to talk about the fight. Yuri will tell it's not his fault. Yuri and Greg are worried he's gonna be mad.
Dialogue: Alexa: My dear Linda, I am back at home!
Linda: Very good! And how do you feel?
Alexa: A bit jet-lagged of course but happy to be at home. This time it was much too long to be away.
Linda: But your photos were fantastic, so it wasn't that bad ;)
Alexa: Shall we talk on the phone some time at the weekend?
Linda: Absolutely! Anytime on Saturday or Sunday. Shall call you?
Alexa: Yes, please.
Linda: Now have a good night's sleep after that long flight. Love!
Alexa: :*
Summary: Linda will call Alexa over the weekend for a catch up chat. 
Dialogue: Emma: You should call him just by his name :/
William: I would take care next time
Emma: Good
Summary: Emma insists that William calls him by his name and he promises to comply.
Dialogue: Laura: I saw Lorenzo today.
Zoe: Did you you talk to him?
Laura: No, I saw him at Tesco.
Zoe: it means he's still in town.
Laura: But who cares really?
Zoe: EXACTLY!
Summary: Laura saw Lorenzo at Tesco today.
Dialogue: Stacy: Hi, I'm writing to you because my friend send me one of your pictures and I believe you have my scarf. I would like to get it back.
Barbara: Uhm, what?
Barbara: :/
Stacy: Two weeks ago we were at the same party, at Paco's.
Barbara: yeah, so what?
Stacy: At the party my scarf went missing.
Barbara: omg, "went missing", girl are you for real? :D
Stacy: I don't find this funny :/
Stacy: I wouldn't be so impolite if I were you. You should be happy I haven't called the police.
Barbara: Police?! bitch, are you insane?
Stacy: I'm insane?! You stole my scarf at the party, you even posted a selfie in it!
Barbara: It's my scarf, I bought it
Stacy: Yeah, interesting as I bought it in India.
Barbara: you crazy
Stacy: Oh jesus, how difficult can it be? Just give it back.
Barbara: give YOU back MY scarf? in your dreams
Stacy: :/ Ok, I see it's pointless. Just fyi I will let Paco know what amazing friends he has ;/
Summary: Stacy and Barbara were at Paco's party two weeks ago. Stacy's scarf from India went missing. Stacy is accusing Barbara of theft and will talk to Paco.
Dialogue: Pete: Did you let the cat out?!!!
Jane: Yes. Why?
Pete: You weren't supposed to let him out. He's injured and under house arrest. That's is not good enough. I thought that you're responsible! Grrrr!
Summary: Jane let the cat out. Pete is very angry.
Dialogue: Mia: Are we going to the rowing group party?
Jeff: I think they organise it to collect money for their uniforms
Mia: so?
Jeff: I don't want to support it 
Tommy: I agree totally
Summary: Rowing group is collecting money for their uniforms at the party. Jeff and Tommy do not want to support it.
Dialogue: Jayden: muum!
Jayden: I need your help!
Maria: what's wrong?
Jayden: I'm going on a date with Susan!
Jayden: and have no idea what to wear :(
Maria: oh gosh, love is in the air :D
Jayden: mum! 
Maria: are you going to a fancy place?
Jayden: of course not! Just to the cinema
Maria: so what's the problem, just wear the clothes you would wear to a cinema :D
Jayden: you're so not helping
Jayden: <file_gif>
Summary: Jayden is going on a date to the cinema with Susan. He doesn't know what to wear. 
Dialogue: Rudy: 7 yrs! Time to reactivate the group :)
Gary: 7 yrs :O
May: reunion time!
Paula: defo! Berlin?
Gary: a bit far from me from Chicago :)
May: China here!
Paula: China? I didn't even know you were there. What a terrible friend I am :(
May: Yeah, I've been here since Jan, I'm teaching 800 chinese kids, all sort of crazy going on
Gary: That is so impressive! Do yyou like it there?
May: First 3 months were super tough, huge culture shock, I'm slowly getting used to it now. Planning to stay 2 more yrs
Summary: Rudy, Gary, May and Paula haven't seen each other in 7 years. Paula is in Berlin, Gary in Chicago, and May works as a teacher in China. She's planning to stay there for 2 more years.
Dialogue: Tom: Can you recommend a nice reading? I've just finished the last Murakami and I'm looking for something new
Peter: I'm not a fun of Murakami
Tom: LOL, but he's done, I need something new
Gabriela: Maybe Clezio?
Tom: who is it?
Gabriela: a French author born in Mauritius
Gabriela: I think he got a Nobel Prize a few years ago
Gabriela: very charming style
Tom: what book would you recommend?
Gabriela: I really liked "The African"
Gabriela: But the most I've liked "Ritournelle de la faim" but I'm not sure it's been translated to English
Tom: ok, I'll look for it
Tom: thanks a lot
Gabriela: no problem!
Summary: Tom has just finished reading his last Murakami's book and needs something new. Gabriela recommends Clezio to him. He's a French author born in Mauritius. He received a Nobel Prize a few years ago. Gabriela recommends the books "The African" and "Ritournelle de la faim".
Dialogue: Arnie: Mum, can I go to Jason’s after school?
Barbara: For how long you wanna go?
Arnie: 2-3 hours
Barbara: It’s ok, you can go
Barbara: Just make sure you come back on time for dinner
Arnie: I will! Thank you mum
Barbara: See you later
Summary: Arnie asks Barbara for permission to go to Jason's after school for 2-3 hours. Barbara wants him to be back for dinner.
Dialogue: Brad: Guys, Walmart!
Brad: I am waiting 5 more minutes 😡
Kyle: K Im coming
Marla: Waaait!!! I have to put my make-up on 
Kyle: wtf? to Walmart? 
Marla: Yes 
Brad: 🙈🙈🙈
Summary: Marla, Kyle and Brad are going to Walmart in a few minutes.
Dialogue: Anna: do you remember we planned to go to Iceland next year?
Mary: of course! I am just trying to find time and money...
Anna: my friend just came back from such trip
Anna: look
Anna: <file_photo>
Mary: woaah
Mary: this is incredible
Anna: I know right? can't wait to see such places myself
Anna: anyways
Anna: she told me that it's better to rent a car there than to use public transport
Anna: and that we should pack lunch and drinks anytime we go for a longer trip, because there are not so many shops around.
Mary: I can imagine, I've seen some photos of roads surrounded by nothing but nature
Mary: any accomodation tips?
Anna: she said she used Couchsurfing, I'm not convinced though
Mary: I used Couchsurfing when I was travelling to London and Birmingham
Mary: we can always try to find a good host
Anna: umm.. well okay, you can find someone, but I don't promise anything
Anna: there are always hostels to choose from
Mary: don't worry we still have time to decide
Anna: lets' write a plan of our journey. I'll share a file with you and we can both write down our ideas
Anna: deal?
Mary: yas
Anna: ok, working on it.
Summary: Anna and Mary are planning their trip to Iceland, looking into accommodation and transport. 
Dialogue: Greg: why don’t you answer my calls?
Ava: cause I don’t want to talk to you anymore, so leave me the fuck alone
Greg: but we haven’t talked things over yet
Ava: and we won’t, because there’s not a fucking thing to talk about
Greg: Ava, please
Ava: I’m blocking you on fb. Goodbye Greg ❤
Summary: Ava doesn't want to talk to Greg.
Dialogue: Nick: What do you say for a trip to cinema this evening?
Sara: Gladly!
Nick: Yesterday Bohemian Rapsody premiered.
Sara: Oh. I wanted to go watch it. I'm happy!
Nick: Glad you like the idea!
Sara: Of course I do. You made my day
Summary: Tonight, Nick and Sara are going to cinema to see Bohemian Rhapsody.
Dialogue: Sophie: let's cook something together tonight!
Patrick: good idea!
Claire: pasta?
Sophie: no! it's boring 
Patrick: yes, we always cook pasta, I'm fed up with it as well
Claire: so what?
Sophie: we may try to make a pizza
Claire: I have no idea how to do it
Sophie: but Patrick knows, he made me a pizza once
Patrick: yes, we can do it tonight!
Summary: Sophie, Patrick and Claire will make a pizza together tonight.
Dialogue: Ronnie: Hey, are you calling the taxi or am I?
Mellery: I thought we were going to Uber?
Ronnie: Whatever. Who is calling?
Mellery: I guess I will.
Ronnie: I just wanted to know!
Mellery: Now you know. I will call. Geez.
Ronnie: No need to get testy, I just wanted to know.
Mellery: Okay. Fine.
Ronnie: Maybe we shouldn't even go?
Mellery: No, it's fine.
Ronnie: Well, cheer up at least.
Mellery: I'll try.
Ronnie: Nobody likes you when you're moody.
Mellery: Oh really? Do I care?
Ronnie: Okay, done talking. Let me know when the ride is here.
Summary: Ronnie and Mellery are arguing who should call a taxi. Ronnie remarks that nobody likes Mellery when she is moody. Mellery doesn't care about it.
Dialogue: Ryan: <file_photo> 
Ryan: <file_photo>
Ryan: <file_photo>
Leo: What a picture bombing! <`ヘ´> Just collect all of them and send them AT ONCE!!(-_-メ)(-_-メ)(-_-メ)
Ryan:  Ahhhh Shit!! I didn't mean to sending them each separately!!!!????? 
Ryan: Shit!! I didn't press this 'sending once' button. Sorry.(°◇°)
Leo: BTW what are those pics?
Ryan: Pics from Italy!!! :):):):))))))))) 
Leo: Yeah. They seem nice. (‘A`)
Ryan: That's all???? I need more reactions!!!!!!!!!!
Leo: I'm tied to this office and working like a slave. AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY "I AM SO JEALOUS!!!!!!!!"?😬😬😬
Ryan: Enjoy your life more. Life is only once! ヽ(´ー｀)┌
Leo: Wish I could win the lottery.
Summary: Ryan is in Italy while Leo is working hard and wishing he could win the lottery.
Dialogue: Nickolas: <file_video>
Nickolas: In case you don't remember how good of a dancer you are
Nataniel: Daaaamn. Where did you dig that up maaan? It was 6 years ago.
Nickolas: I'm cleaning my data storage. And I found a high school photos folder :D
Nataniel: Screw that. I was different guy then.
Nataniel: Now, I'm grown up, responsible man, with great future perspective 
Nickolas: Haahahahahah
Nataniel: xD xD
Nickolas: Come  oooon. Too many oxymorons in 1 sentence.
Nickolas: Words like; responisble and grown up should appear closer than 2 sentences to your name :D
Nataniel: Hahaha. Fuck you Nicky. 
Nickolas: Hah. Fuck you too Nate :D
Nataniel: Gonna grab some beer tonight. You comin'?
Nickolas: I can't. I should study for tomorrow's test.
Nataniel: When you say you "should", I am totally sure that you won't.
Nickolas: No, really. I'm sleepy as fuck, but I know I have to do something to pass it tomorrow. I don't want to retake the exam.
Nataniel: Ok. If you change your mind, call me.
Nickolas: Sure.
Summary: Nickolas found funny pictures while cleaning his data storage, including a video of Nataniel dancing. Nickolas can't go out for beer tonight as he has a test tomorrow.
Dialogue: Madison: hi! how’s your day going?
Abigail: not too bad and yours?
Madison: so, so
Abigail: is everything fine?
Madison: not really, i had a fight with Grayson
Madison: i asked him how did he imagine our future together and he said he didn't
Abigail: wait, he broke up with you??
Madison: no, he just didn't want to talk about our future at all
Abigail: that's weird...
Madison: right?!
Madison: and, you know, i need to know e.g. if he wants to have kids, cause i don't want to be in relationship with someone, who doesn't
Madison: i don't want to invest my time and feelings in him, if he doesn't want to start a family with me
Madison: i have polycystic ovary syndrome and if i want to bear a child, i need to get pregnant in two years time
Madison: i don't have time for this
Abigail: oh, that sucks... :/
Summary: Madison had a fight with Grayson. He didn't want to talk about their future together, like having a family or children. Madison has polycystic ovary syndrome and she needs to get pregnant in two years time if she wants to bear a child. 
Dialogue: Harrison: Bro. Which is you favourite Avenger.
Mike: The Black Panther is the gaffer.
Harrison: Haha. Because he has the African Accent?
Mike: No man! his moves are just top class.
Mike: I am starting to wonder who is yours
Harrison: I will go for Captain America who looks more realistic but lethal
Mike: Alright🙄
Summary: Mike's favourite Avenger is the Black Panther. Harrison's - Captain America.
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Chrissy: sooo, have you met Kim's famous new boyfriend? ^^
Shirley: ugh, yeah, I have...
Barb: I see he's a charming fellow :P
Chrissy: Tell us everything @_@
Shirley: I think it's best to talk about it in person, but basically he's just... such a douche. Like one of those guys who think they're just smarter than everybody else.
Barb: She has a thing for douchey guys.
Shirley: It takes less than 15 minutes to know that 1. Hillary should be in jail 2. like 80% of her base are illegals 3. who btw are ruining this country 4. If it was him in charge, he would fix it all in no time
Barb: oh no... is he a Trump supporter?...
Shirley: What gave it away? :P
Chrissy: I almost feel bad for Kim...
Shirley: You should. You fucking should. The way he talks to her it's just so patronizing, I just couldn't believe she lets him do that.
Barb: so what does she see in him?
Shirley: Well... have you checked him out on fb?
Chrissy: on it
Shirley: so he has this "my-daddy's-rich-I'm-gonna be-a-lawyer" vibe. And I guess he's rather good looking.
Chrissy: <file_photo>
Barb: ok, I see he's probably considered attractive by most. But he has this asshole-pretty boy face, which is a total turn-off for me
Shirley: he is an asshole pretty boy
Shirley: but he seems rather normal at first and then he opens his mouth
Barb: you think it's gonna last?
Shirley: you know Kim's attracted to assholes. He's not her first. But I do think we need to talk to her. I encourage you to go and meet this guy so we can all discuss it with her.
Chrissy: sounds like an intervention
Shirley: a much needed one
Barb: ok, I'll set up a date with her so me and Chrissy can go aand see him  with our own eyes.
Shirley: Great.
Summary: Shirley doesn't like Kim's new boyfriend because he acts as if he was better than everyone else. Chrissy feels bad for Kim. Barb will set up a date with Kim and her boyfriend to check him out.
Dialogue: Joel: What the hell was that dude??!??!
Martin: Fuck, I had to go, sorry
Martin: Dad in the hospital
Eva: What happened??!
Joel: Martin left in the middle of presentation
Eva: fuck this, what’s with dad??!!
Martin: Ok now, he got some heartburn they thought it's stroke
Eva: Omg, thank God, take care of him!
Martin: Sure will
Summary: Martin left in the middle of a presentation because dad had been taken to hospital. Luckily, it was nothing serious.
