Dialogue: Emma: what time are going to the make up session?
Linda: 3pm
Emma: Julia offers us  to give us a lift . If it's ok for you ,we meet at 2pm in front of Select
Linda: I'll be there
Emma: Is Sophia coming?
Linda: No she'll join us there.
Emma: my husband wasn't very pleased... He prefers nude face
Linda: my daughter told me that i looked older... She has no taste!!
Emma: is you man back home?
Linda: he should be there by 8:30
Emma: I think we should go to the Bell right now because kitchens close early.
Linda: tell me when you're leaving, i need to do my makeup retouching
Emma: so do I, it won't take long
Linda: so  you say...
Emma: let's go??
Linda: yes my dear, i'm ready for the ball
Summary: Julia will pick Emma and Linda up in front of Select at 2 pm and they will go to have a make-up session at 3. Sophia is not joining them. Emma and Linda are going to the Bell now. 
Dialogue: Emily: We are running short of competitors for the swimming competition
Michael: How can I help?
Emily: I have already told you go find some
Michael: I myself is a pretty much good swimmer :/
Emily: You are? 
Michael: yeah I am :/
Emily: Bravo
Summary: Emily is looking for swimmers to participate in a race. She wants Michael to help.
Dialogue: Juliet: thanks my dear for your presentation. Tremendous as usual. By the way could you send me the contact you talk about.
Marion: <file_other>
Marion: you have to call in advance, she's very busy. 
Juliet: Thanks. I call her straight away
Summary: Juliet loved Marion's presentation. Marion is sending Juliet the contact the talked about. Juliet is calling her straight away. 
Dialogue: Noah: I'm going to visit my grandma
Leo: Bring that cookies
Noah: If she has them this time
Leo: She always bakes something
Leo: Whatever there is don't forget about your roommate ;-)
Noah: Sure thing
Noah: See you later
Summary: Noah visits his grandma. Leo reminds him about bringing some good food from his grandma.
Dialogue: Greg: Hey! Have you heard the good news?
Dan: No. What's that?
Greg: Frank has negotiated a new deadline :-)
Dan: How much more time do we have?
Greg: A week :-)
Dan: It's going to be tough, anyway. But we'll manage to hone a few functions.
Greg: For sure. I'm really happy :-) I was getting jitters about it.
Dan: That bad?
Greg: Yes. I'm really far behind the schedule. It's because of my sick leave. I lost about two weeks.
Dan: Ouch...
Greg: Yeah... Now I can catch up with a few things.
Dan: Is it official?
Greg: I learnt it from Eva.
Dan: Ok. Then it must be true.
Greg: Would you accuse me of spreading rumours?
Dan: No. I was just curious.
Greg: Ok. Seems like we need to get back to work. We don't want to waste that extra time, do we?
Dan: Of course not. Talk to you later!
Dan: And thanks for letting me know :-)
Greg: Till later
Summary: Greg is happy, because Frank has negotiated a new deadline. Greg was on sick leave and lost two weeks.
Dialogue: Amanda: i’m going shopping after work i want u to come with me 
Ruth: i can’t. i’m pretty busy. What do u need to buy? 
Amanda: a dress
Ruth: you bought one last month remember?!
Amanda: i know but need another one
Ruth: still don’t understand why?
Amanda: i think Rob is gonna pop the question!
Ruth: you know he is gonna pop it anyway right?!
Amanda: i know but just wanna look stunning.. 
Ruth: Fine! i’ll help u find the right dress.
Summary: Ruth will help Amanda find a new dress.
Dialogue: Jessica: <file_other>
Lucas: uhm, what's this?
Lucas: ... what are you trying to tell me? Are we flying to London? What for? :D
Jessica: <file_other>
Lucas: oh my god
Lucas: OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!
Lucas: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!
Jessica: I hope you love not only because of that :D
Lucas: Of course, but oh my god!!!! I love you like crazy now!
Jessica: If I knew you'd react like this because of simple tickets, I'd have bought them sooner
Lucas: Simple tickets?! Do you know what you are talking about woman?!
Jessica: Yeah, I think I do - about tickets to a football game ;)
Lucas: Tickets to see MANCHESTER FUCKING UNITED LIVE
Jessica: I'm happy you're so excited :D
Lucas: I love you honey, I'm going to spread the word!
Jessica: That you love me?
Lucas: That we're going to see Manchester United!!!
Jessica: of course
Summary: Jessica bought tickets to see Manchester United in London for her and Lucas.
Dialogue: Lorelai: The protest starts at 3 o'clock
Emily: Where exactly are we meeting?
Lorelai: It says on FB that everyone's meeting in front of the national museum
Emily: It might be crowded, though, I'd prefer to meet somewhere else and walk together
Lorelai: That's better, let's meet next to Costa Coffee
Emily: Great. Who's in charge of the posters?
Lorelai: Mary
Emily: What do we use this time?
Lorelai: Same as the last - #girlsjustwannahavefundamentalhumanrights
Emily: <file_photo>
Lorelai: exactly, and also
Lorelai: <file_photo>
Emily: Great, I will also have an EU flag and that small trumpety thing that the police hate so much
Lorelai: see you at 3 then!!!
Emily: byeeee
Summary: Lorelai and Emily will meet for the protest at 3 next to Costa Coffee. They are going to use posters, EU flag and a trumpet. 
Dialogue: Rhys: where the heck are you?
Rhys: we're all waiting for you!
Molly: what? I wrote to you in the afternoon that I was gonna be late
Rhys: I didn't get it :(
Molly: I'm almost on my way to you
Molly: pls order something for me
Summary: Rhys is waiting for Molly. She had written to him in the afternoon that she would be late, but he didn't get the message. Molly is on her way already.
Dialogue: Tom: Why don’t you give me a chance?
Blaire: You’re not my type Tom
Tom: And who is your type?
Blaire: Definitely not you
Tom: ☹
Tom: Ok 
Tom: Got it 
Summary: Blaire won't give Tom a chance as he's not her type.
Dialogue: Allyn: So where are we going tonight?
Pricilla: Idk, first the bar and then the club
Allyn: But which ones xD
Pricilla: All the places will be full because it’s Friday, so maybe OneTwoFree, it’s not so popular yet.
Allyn: Yup it makes sense. But I wanted to check out this new place, hows it called?
Pricilla: Monkey Inc.
Allyn: Yea, they say there very good shots
Pricilla: Ok, so let’s go there right before the club, just to check it out, drink some shots and leave
Allyn: Sure :D
Pricilla: Will it be far away from OTF?
Allyn: Not sure, I need to check
Allyn: Not bad, ten minutes
Pricilla: Great, it’s like two cigarettes
Allyn: Haha yes xd
Allyn: And the club
Pricilla: I think only Harem makes sense, I’m not in the mood for those crazy people in Rosalie
Allyn: Yea, there’s always sth going on…
Pricilla: So we have a detailed plan for tonight :D
Allyn: Now it’s time to GET READY!!
Pricilla: Actually I hate it xp
Allyn: What? Getting ready?
Pricilla: Yupp I’m always so nervous
Pricilla: Like the last time I almost killed my cat
Allyn: Lool, edgy :D
Allyn: I love it, choosing clothes and makeuuuup…
Pricilla: Eh it’ll be another tough evening
Allyn: But the night will be… awesome :D
Summary: Allyn and Pricilla are going to the OneTwoFree and Monkey Inc. bars and then the Harem club tonight. It's only a 10 minutes distance between the last two.
Dialogue: James: I'm at the store, what should I buy for the barbecue?
Alan: some Polish sausages? and burgers perhaps?
James: will do :)
Alan: thanks!
Summary: James will buy Polish sausages and burgers for the barbecue. 
Dialogue: Katie: Hey, I'm in the shop right now and they have the set in two colors - something like indigo and light grey. Which one would she prefer, do you tihnk?
Suzanne: Hm...
Charlie: I guess indigo one?
Arnold: She has some grey things in her apartment tho...
Suzanne: And she has an indigo dress...
Katie: Guys... that was supposed to be about helping me :D
Charlie: I think I can recall her saying she likes indigo.
Suzanne: Plus it can be a nice colorful accent in her otherwise toned down apartment.
Arnold: Then indigo it is.
Katie: So, I'm taking indigo, thanks for the help ;)
Suzanne: Any time
Summary: Katie picks indigo set for her friend.
Dialogue: John: Did you see the new Bladerunner film?
Pete: You mean the one that is a few years old versus the one that is decades old?
John: Yeah. :-)
Pete: Yes I have.
John: Any good?
Pete: I'd say it's definitely worth watching.
John: Thanks for the advice. Shall definitely give it whirl on pirate bay then.
Pete: <file_photo>
John: Hahahaha!
Summary: Pete has seen the new Bladerunner film. He recommends it to Pete. Pete is going to pirate the movie.
Dialogue: Jake: guess who's the booooosssss!!!!
Greg: you go maaan!!!
Christine: omg *facepalm*
Christine: really guys?
Jake: <file_photo>
Jake: She said yes!
Peter: wow cute
Greg: <file_gif>
Christine: and that's all thanks to...?
Jake: Thank you Christine :P
Christine: you're welcome
Greg: are you giving free love advice? ;D
Christine: well, free... for a wine?
Jake: if you help Greg, I'll buy you a bottle as well
Greg: thanks mate
Summary: Jake's got engaged. Christine gave him love advice.
Dialogue: Ken: <file_photo>
Ken: Only you can see this
Chiara: Where did you buy it?
Ken: I got it from my friends for my birthday hahaha 
Ken: But I guess they bought it on Aliexpress
Chiara: I’ve always dreamst of sth like that :/
Ken: I’ve been dreaming of it for the lest 2 years
Ken: And finally got it xD
Chiara: Lucky you 😊
Summary: Friends have given Ken a present he had craved for 2 years.
Dialogue: Gracelyn: will you be going to the office tomorrow or working from home?
Dominique: The office
Gracelyn: in this case, could you give me a lift?
Gracelyn: my car is at the mechanic's right now and I've got a lot of things I need to bring to work
Dominique: Yeah, I don't see why not
Dominique: I usually leave at 8 so let's meet up before my place around this time, OK?
Gracelyn: sure, I'll be there! thanks a lot!
Dominique: Don't mention it!
Summary: Dominique will give Gracelyn a lift to work tomorrow at 8 because Gracelyn's car is in the shop.
Dialogue: Monica: I was thinking about what you said last time we talked.
Sharon: And?
Monica: I don’t think Marlene did it on purpose.
Sharon: Did what?
Monica: I mean she probably didn’t know I want to keep this engagement thing a secret…
Sharon: Obviously not. You didn’t say anything.
Monica: But isn’t it kind of obvious?
Sharon: No. People usually want to share such things with the world. I wouldn’t think about it.
Monica: Eh, I think I should apologies to her and just… Try to fix it. This whole situation was a bit too much.
Sharon: I agree, I understand you got emotional, but it got messy.
Monica: I will talk to her tomorrow.
Sharon: Actually… I think maybe you should wait. Two or three days. She got emotional too.
Monica: Fair point, that’s what I will do.
Summary: Monika thinks Marlene did not know Monika wanted to keep the engagement secret. Monika wants to fix the tension between the two. Sharon believes Monika should wait a few days.
Dialogue: Betty: Don't forget to feed the cats.
Paul: Oh, OK.
Betty: Love you!
Paul: love you too <3
Summary: Paul will feed the cats.
Dialogue: Irene: Hey Ben, I took your advice and installed grammarly on my laptop.
Ben: Hi Irene, great, and how do you find it?
Irene: It's wonderful, I use it for many things.
Irene: For my reports, writing assignments etc.
Ben: Yeah, me too.
Ben: It's great that the app even corrects style mistakes.
Irene: True, I also love the fact that it suggests synonyms.
Irene: It let's me really polish my work and I even learn a lot while using it.
Ben: Awesome, I told you you'd be satisfied.
Irene: I can't imagine working w/out it now :)
Summary: Irene is happy with the Grammarly app she installed thanks to Ben's suggestion.
Dialogue: Monica: Guys, I'm very hungry
Drake: me too
Drake: can't focus on studying anymore
John: ok, should we have a break and eat something?
Fanny: definitely 
John: any ideas where?
Fanny: There is this place down the hill with an Italian name
Monica: you mean "Antica Badia"?
Fanny: I think so
Monica: it's an option
Drake: not even the worst one
Drake: it's close, so we can always come back later and work a but more
John: ok, let's meet in 5 min at the entrance and go there together
Drake: ok!
Summary: Drake, John, Monica and Fanny will go to Antica Badia to eat something. They will meet in 5 minutes at the entrance. 
Dialogue: Daisy: any plans for the weekend?
Fred: no
Daisy: wanna hang out?
Fred: sure why not
Daisy: movies?
Fred: ugh no 
Fred: maybe a museum?
Daisy: oh yeah!
Daisy: haven't been in so long
Fred: so the van gogh exhibition?
Daisy: yes! sounds great
Summary: Fred and Daisy are going to Van Gogh exhibition at the weekend.
Dialogue: Hortense: Where do you want to meet for dinner?
Celine: Rue de la Paix, theres a place that has good wines.
Hortense: Oh, I know that one! The one with the bookshelves.
Celine: The same!
Hortense: Was just there last week, but I loved it. Will gladly go again.
Celine: What time do you want to meet?
Hortense: How about 7?
Celine: 7 it is!
Summary: Hortense and Celine are going to Rue de la Paix for dinner at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Judy: Hey Dad!
Brian: Hey Daughter, what's up?
Judy: <file_photo>
Brian: That's pretty! Did you do that?
Judy: Yesss!! I have recently become an old lady who loves crocheting!
Brian: I would never have thought that of you :D
Judy: And this lovely cap is for you Daddy! So that you are warm in the winter!
Brian: Oh thank you, I'm going to look fabulous in it :D
Judy: Of course you are! :*
Brian: I hope you're coming this weekend to visit your old parents?
Judy: Yeah, I've already bought the tickets!
Brian: Mum will be pleased :)
Judy: So see you on Saturday then :*
Summary: Judy will visit her parents on Saturday. Judy has recently taken up crocheting. She has made a cap for Daddy.
Dialogue: Freddie: that's why I told you that Ronaldo is better!
Charlie: he got lucky
Charlie: the second goal totally our GK fault
Freddie: you're just pissed that your team lost!
Charlie: maybe today but next time we will crush you
Freddie: keep dreaming
Freddie: with Ronaldo we have noone to fear
Charlie: just wait and see
Charlie: at the end of the season we will be champions for sure
Freddie: no chance
Freddie: it will be us!
Summary: Freddie and Charlie are discussing a football game, Freddie's team won, largely thanks to Ronaldo. 
Dialogue: Jonathan: wassup
Bruno: sup with you
Jonathan: where are you
Bruno: Hyde Park, next to the lake
Bruno: join me if you'd like
Jonathan: I might
Jonathan: just need to buy groceries
Jonathan: how long are you gonna be there
Bruno: probably till it gets dark or cold
Jonathan: I can be there in an hour
Bruno: alright
Bruno: bring some snacks
Jonathan: what exactly
Bruno: idk
Bruno: something salty
Bruno: and soda
Jonathan: will do
Jonathan: see ya in a bit
Bruno: see you
Summary: Bruno will be in Hyde Park, next to the lake, until dark or too cold and invites Jonathan to join him. Jonathan will buy his groceries and also some salty snacks and soda for Bruno before meeting him there in an hour.
Dialogue: Kim: Have you seen this?! 
Kim: <file_video> 
Karen: You must be kidding! Is it really Josh kissing Melody?! 
Kim: YES! Don't they look cute together?
Karen: Sure they do! Our matchmaking does work! 
Summary: Josh was kissing Melody.
Dialogue: Dani: Where are you? I can’t see you anywhere
Alba: Oops I forgot to tell you. We’ve sat in a different café in the end. Looked less tacky 😅
Drew: 10% less to be precise
Alba: Lol it’s called El Pino, it’s literally like 50 m from the other one, towards the river
Dani: Ahh ok, I can see you now
Summary: Alba and Drew changed cafés and went to one called El Pino. The café is located 50 m from the old one in the direction of the river. Dani can see Alba and Drew.
Dialogue: Averi: Can you come over my place right now?
Emest: What for?
Averi: I want to show you the my collection of coins
Emest: Cool
Emest: How long have you been doing them
Averi: I have been collecting them for 3 years
Emest: Can you show me a pic
Averi: Ok sending
Emest: Make sure it is not blur
Averi: <file_photo>
Emest: Its really beautiful
Averi: Yeah it is
Emest: Will have a closer look at it tomorrow
Summary: Averi wants to show Emest his collection of coins. He's been collecting them for 3 years. Emest will look at it tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Alice: Hey! :)
Alice: Are you busy tonight?
Eva: Hi! :-) No, why?
Alice: Would you like to go to the cinema? There's this movie you wanted to see.
Eva: "The Miseducation of Cameron Post" or "Green Book"?
Alice: The one about gay conversion therapy.
Eva: "The Miseducation of Cameron Post". :) Cool, so where and at what time are we meeting?
Alice: I can come to your place or you can come to mine. What do you prefer?
Alice: We can meet even right now, if you're free. :)
Eva: Can come over in about an hour?
Eva: I'm in the middle of watching a really fascinating documentary about gsa.
Alice: Gsa?
Eva: Genetic sexual attraction.
Eva: Apparently, when close blood relatives meet for the first time as adults, they can feel an overwhelming sexual attraction.
Eva: Some people argue that this type of cases should not be qualified as incest and the documentary is about them.
Alice: Hmmm, that’s interesting and unsettling at the same time...
Alice: Are you watching this film on You Tube?
Eva: yes
Eva: There’s the link to it: <file_other>.
Alice: Thanks! :) So you’ll be there in an hour, right?
Eva: Right! :) See you soon!
Alice: Bye! :)
Summary: Alice and Eva will go to the cinema tonight to see "The Miseducation of Cameron Post". They will meet in an hour. Right now Eva is watching a documentary about genetic sexual attraction. Eva sends a link to the documentary to Alice.
Dialogue: Ursula: Hey George
Ursula: Do you speak French? 
George: Yes I do 
George: Why 
Ursula: Would you translate me this? 
Ursula: Im on a drug and I can't find anything in English 
George: Sure 
Ursula: <file_photo>
George: Okay so basically it says that it's to fight the cold
George: Take it two per day after lunch
George: Do not take it mornings
Ursula: Ok 
Ursula: Thanks!  
Summary: George speaks French and translates information about a drug Ursula takes. The drug is for cold. Ursula should take 2 pills per day after lunch and shouldn't take it in the morning. 
Dialogue: Your_Health: Hi Tamara, I was just wondering if you might be able to do us a vlog on salsa dancing?
Your_Health: Maybe a short demo and / or a talk on the health benefits? Carrie
Tamara: Hi Carrie. Sorry for a late response but I just saw your message
Tamara: Of course I can do a vlog for you about it
Tamara: Let's talk details :) Best, Tamara
Summary: Your_Health asked Tamara to record a vlog on salsa dancing. She accepted the challenge.
Dialogue: Clara: I have an interview tomorrow!
Sophie: Wow, congratulations! Where? :)
Clara: PwC :D
Monica: Well done! Fingers crossed!
Clara: Yeah, but they’re quite strict when it comes to dress code and I don’t have anything formal to wear.
Sophie: What size are you?
Clara: 36, generally
Sophie: Ok, I may have something for you. Will this jacket be all right?
Sophie: <file_photo>
Monica: It’s great! Just wear this, white t-shirt and you’re good to go!
Clara: Looks amazing, will pop to yours to give it a try :)
Summary: Clara has an interview in PwC tomorrow. She doesn't have anything formal to wear. She's size 36. Sophie will lend her a jacket. Clara will go to Sophie's place to try it.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Are you going to stay till late tomorrow?
Nick: don't know
Nick: sorry, I can't tell you now.
Nick: you expect to much :P
Rebecca: :)
Nick: let's say I will
Rebecca: are you going to stay with them till 5 am
Rebecca: ;)
Nick: No, 2am max 
Nick: maaaaaaax
Rebecca: and that's what I call an answer :D
Nick: oh, so yeah i am then ;D
Rebecca: <file_other>
Nick: <file_gif>
Summary: Nick will stay until 2 am with some people tomorrow.
Dialogue: Denise: Which tent are you in?
Lori: 8
Denise: Me too :-)
Summary: Denise and Lori are both in tent number 8.
Dialogue: Clare: Estera, congratulations for your wedding!!! I saw your pictures and i'm impressed!!! :)
Estera: Thank you, Clare :) I wish you were here with us!
Clare: I was all the time with U, guys :) In my mind :) You 2 were in my heart :)
Estera: I hope to see U soon! Miss U!!!
Summary: Clare congratulated Estera on her wedding.
Dialogue: Sara: <file_photo>
Diane: wow that color totally works for you!
Sara: thanks :)
Diane: is this your cat on a photo?
Sara: It used to be my cat, I moved out and it's my former housemate's
Diane: So chubby, loving in
Diane: do you dye your hair by yourself?
Sara: my housemate used to do my hair, now I do that by myself
Diane: and on that photo?
Sara: that color required bleaching hair so I had my hair done by a hairdresser
Diane: was it expensive?
Sara: It was a part of publicity for a saloon so I paid nothing
Diane: cool!
Sara: now I'm dying my hair purple
Diane: and no one tells u it's unprofessional or anything?
Sara: nope, they kinda got used to it
Diane: that's good
Sara: but I didn't feel good with blue hair, I felt too pale to pull it off
Diane: to me it looked great, but it's a huge difference 
Sara: I was very unhappy about cutting my hair this short
Diane: I totally get it, I did that a year ago and cried 
Sara: me too, but my boyfriend said it looks very cute
Diane: and what is your bf doing, btw? Where does he work?
Sara: he's a salesman, he recommends luxury goods
Diane: nice
Diane: look, i have to go now
Sara: ok
Diane: take care! :)
Sara: you too!
Summary: Sara had her hair done for free as it was a part of the saloon's publicity campaign. People got used to Sara's hairstyles. Sara and Diane were disappointed about having their hair shortened. Sara's boyfriend is a salesman.
Dialogue: Dad: When are you coming back my dear?
Mia: probably at 10pm
Dad: ok, have fun!
Summary: Mia is coming back probably at 10 pm. 
Dialogue: Peter: go down to play
Joe: to what?
Peter: football
Joe: it bores me
Peter: 😤
Summary: Joe doesn't want to join Peter for football as it bores him.
Dialogue: Henry: I'm sad
Dick: Don't worry
Carl: Be happy! :P
Summary: Henry is down. Dick and Carl cheer him up.
Dialogue: Cahya: Hey, did you ever fill out the papers for income tax?
Cahya: Last year someone helped me out down at the department for inland revenue
Cahya: It's time to do it again and I'm stuck..
Cahya: This is so annoying.. 😩
Fredrik: Hmm..I'm not sure
Fredrik: I have never done this myself
Fredrik: Henry usually handles that for me
Cahya: Oh god.. it's a lot to fill in..
Cahya: I remember that last year the person that helped me out was flirting with me 
Cahya: She was extra helpful.. and asking me a lot of personal questions.. 🙄
Cahya: lol
Fredrik: Really??
Fredrik: Hahaha
Fredrik: That's funny 😅
Fredrik: Maybe you can check if she still works there 😜
Fredrik: Haha
Cahya: lol
Cahya: 🤡🤡🤡
Fredrik: No but seriously, if you like I'll ask Henry to help you out ;) I'm sure he won't mind :)
Fredrik: He'll be over this weekend!
Cahya: Oh great!! Yes please!!! That's a better idea 😝😝
Cahya: Thank you!!
Fredrik: No problem 👍
Cahya: I'll gather the details in the meantime :)
Fredrik: Perfect :)
Summary: Fredrik needs to fill out the annual documents for income tax but he doesn't know how to do it on his own. He will ask Henry for help again, as he's coming over for the weekend.
Dialogue: Paul: Are we going shopping this afternoon?
Ashley: Yes of course, we still haven't bought Christmas gifts!
Paul: Just great, I love buying presents for your family XD
Ashley: Believe me I know how special they are!
Paul: So I'm leaving work about 3.30 p.m. and we meet near the Queens Place Mall?
Ashley: Yeah, I'll be there around 4
Paul: Do we have some ideas about what to buy?
Ashley: Well I do have some ideas, I don't know how about you :)
Paul: Very funny, see you there!
Ashley: See you :*
Summary: Paul and Ashley are going to buy Christmas gifts for Ashley's family. They meet near the Queens Place Mall at around 4.
Dialogue: Jacob: What do you think about this dryer? Do you think that mom would like it?
Jacob: <file_photo>
Olivia: give me a second, dad, i'll try to find some reviews on youtube
Olivia: dad, i think that the previous one was better, this one is for long hair and mom has medium-length hair
Jacob: Thanks. Olivia, did you call grandpa? His birthday is today.
Olivia: not yet, thanks dad
Summary: Jacob consults his daughter Olivia about a dryer for Olivia's mum. He also reminds her to call grandpa on his birthday. 
Dialogue: Carrie: I love you, honey bun! ;*
Matt: I love you too, pumpkin!
Carrie: I love you more <3
Matt: <file_gif>
Summary: Carrie and Matt are in love with each other.
Dialogue: Tom: Did anyone pick up prints?
Glen: I didn't have time, but called John?
John: I haven't yet, but I will later
Tom: Today?
John: Sure
Summary: Nobody has picked up the prints yet, but John will do it later today.
Dialogue: Edward: Rachel, I think I'm in ove with Bella..
rachel: Dont say anything else..
Edward: What do you mean??
rachel: Open your fu**ing door.. I'm outside
Summary: Edward thinks he is in love with Bella. Rachel wants Edward to open his door. Rachel is outside. 
Dialogue: Josh: Hey! What time are we playing?
Mark: Is it tonight?
Emma: Yes!
Mark: I'm not sure I'll make it
Mark: I've got loads to do...
Hannah: Come on
Emma: We've planned this for 2 weeks, Mark
Josh: I've booked the place
Mark: Okay, I will see what I can do
Mark: and let you know later, ok?
Josh: You're getting cold feet, aren't you?
Emma: Afraid that you'll lose against the girls ;)
Hannah: LOL
Mark: No, I'm not
Mark: Ok, I'll stretch and be there
Emma: 8pm?
Josh: I booked it for 7:30
Hannah: Great
Emma: Ok, see you!
Summary: Josh booked the facility for 7:30 pm. Mark is not sure if he can make it, because he has a lot of work to do.
Dialogue: Alex: Hahaha, I sent it to you before I got your msg 😂😂😂
Alice: You're reading my mind
Alice: ;D
Alice: Brb, watching Dexter
Alex: I love this series! I've already seen all episodes!
Alex: Enjoy!
Summary: Alice is watching Dexter. Alex has seen all episodes.
Dialogue: Aurora: the daniel wellington watch you wanted is on sale right now, 50% off
Ellie: Where???
Aurora: <file_other>
Ellie: they don't have the silver one... just gold ones
Aurora: ah sorry :(
Ellie: no problem, thanks anyway!
Summary: The watch Ellie wanted is on sale but Ellie won't buy it because it's not silver. 
Dialogue: Rita: Dr. Skinner has asked me to collect his text book. Do you have it with you today?
David: No. I can bring it tomorrow if that works.
Rita: That's fine.
Summary: Rita was asked to collect dr. Skinner's text book, but David will bring it tomorrow.
Dialogue: Eve: Look what's the name of those bushes along motorways in Italy? Pink and rose blossoms.
Ruth: Oleander.
Eve: But of course. I was racking my brain for an hour now.
Ruth: I think it's also called nerium.
Eve: Thanks Ruth!
Summary: Eve reminded Ruth the name of bushes along motorways in Italy.
Dialogue: Connie: Hi Cora! How are you doing? No pics from you for the last few days.
Connie: That's not typical of you to keep silent for so long. Is everything OK? Or should I start worrying?
Connie: <file_other>
Cora: Dear Connie, I'm back online! Sorry to make you worry about me. We were on a 4-day cruise to Isla de Juventud and had no internet access on board.
Cora: <file_photo>
Cora: Fidel Castro was right - it is a most delightful island! 
Connie: Ufff! Next time please tell me that you'll be visiting Fidel Castro.
Connie: Nice pics too!
Cora: SORRY!  But in 2 days we are off to Trinidad, so probably no internet again. I'm offline if you don't hear from me. Besides everything is super! What a life!
Connie: Enjoy! And keep me posted.
Summary: Connie worries about Cora because she hasn't received any photos from her in the last few days. Cora is on a cruise and she doesn't have Internet access. 
Dialogue: Pandora: When was the math test?
Olivia: What???
Iris: Yesterday
Olivia: Are you serious?
Olivia: There was a math test??
Pandora: I heard from Susan
Iris: It was yesterday
Iris: It wasn't that difficult 
Olivia: I didn't know!!!
Olivia: What should I do now?
Pandora: Talk to the teacher
Olivia: I was sick 
Olivia: When did she announce it?
Iris: On Monday
Summary: There was a math test yesterday. Olivia didn't know because she was sick. The teacher announced it on Monday. 
Dialogue: Andrea: Hi anyone wants to join AIESEC? 
Chris: Whats that? 
Chris: sounds familiar
Andrea: It's a university organization
Andrea: With students, helping other students
Andrea: who look for volunteering or training opportunities around the world
Chris: Not for me then haha
Kasia: Hmm Id like to join! 
Kasia: Some volunteering experience is needed
Nicki: Me too! 
Nicki: I heard they have various conferences during the year! 
Andrea: Yes it is very exciting
Andrea: You get to meet new people
Nicki: Im down
Andrea: So the meeting is on Thursday
Andrea: with pizza and drinks offered! 
Nicki: I will surely come! 
Kasia: Hey I am coming too 
Andrea: Let's meet at the courtyard and we will head there together 
Nicki: 👌🏻 👌🏻 👌🏻 
Kasia: 👌🏻 👌🏻 👌🏻
Summary: Andrea, Kasia and Nicki want to join a student organization called AIESEC. The organization holds conferences and helps students find volunteering or training opportunities. Andrea, Kasia and Nicki will go to an AIESEC meeting on Thursday together. Chris doesn't want to join.
Dialogue: Marie: would any of you be a dear and put the pot with my soup on the stove - I'll be home in like 15 minutes.
Kimberly: I'm not home at moment :(
Vanessa: I can do that. It's the big red one right?
Marie: that's the one, thanks a lot ;*
Summary: Vanessa can put the pot with soup on the stove for Marie. 
Dialogue: Jake: Man I have this box full of old cables
Jake: And I know I should throw it away
Jake: But there is this devil on my shoulder who keeps saying: "It might be useful. Don't throw it away"
Kevin: Hahahaha. I believe every man has a devil like that.
Kevin: If you saw my father's garage, you'd know :D
Jake: Cables and wires are my weak spot. 
Jake: Probably because I have an urge to connect everything in my home to sth.
Jake: PC to TV. TV to phone. Phone to PC. and so on and so on
Kevin: Techno-freak?
Jake: I wish. I would say "wannabe techno freak"
Kevin: :D ;D :D
Summary: Jake has a box full of old cables and is reluctant to throw it out, even though he feels he should. Kevin's father has the same issue. Jake feels the urge to connect all his electronic devices to each other.
Dialogue: Andy: Do u know where Hannah is?
Mike: She was arranged with Suzan today. They wanted to go shopping.
Andy: Oh I see. It means she will not come back soon
Summary: Hannah and Suzan had plans to go shopping together today.
Dialogue: Mick: guys where are you
Damon: eeeee where are you? xDD we're at the pub
Mick: which pub
Tim: devil's face
Time: hurry up
Mick: ok coming
Summary: Mick is joining Damon and Tim in the Devil's Face pub. 
Dialogue: Samuel: :/
Samuel: another one
Ryan: student?
Samuel: yeah :/
Ryan: depression again?
Samuel: no, i mean not diagnosed yet
Samuel: she came to me asking for advice on what to do because she feels really bad
Ryan: did you send her somewhere?
Samuel: yeah i mean she said she's going to a psychologist and she wants to go to a shrink
Ryan: and she came to you?
Samuel: yeah
Ryan: wow they do trust you
Samuel: apparently. I told her she should maybe consider some therapy and not a shrink
Ryan: probably good idea
Samuel: i guess so. it's just so depressing they are so weak and can't cope 
Ryan: yeah lucky they have you
Samuel: at least that's something
Ryan: that's a lot, really!
Summary: Samuel is worried about bad mental condition among students. He advised the student that came to him to go to a therapy instead of psychiatrist.
Dialogue: Jonah: Merry Christmas!!
Luke: Thanks!! Merry Christmas :))
Jonah: What are your plans this year?
Luke: We're staying home, to much of a hussle to travel with twins
Luke: So a rather calm holidays at home
Jonah: Still nice!
Luke: yeah, you?
Jonah: Christmas Eve at Julie's parents' and than back here to visit mine
Luke: That's a lot of travelling in two days
Jonah: I know but Julie insisted, you know how attached she is to her family
Luke: and the little one? How's he handling that?
Jonah: Oh he loves it! We can't get him out of the car when we arrive
Luke: I wonder how that feels like
Luke: the twins throw tantrumes even if we go to the store and it takes 15 minutes
Jonah: They're only 1, I guess they'll get used to it
Luke: I think so, anyway, if you don't have plans we are thinking of having a friends boxing day
Jonah: sounds good!! Let's keep in touch then
Luke: Sure, give my best to Julie
Jonah: Thanks, same!!
Luke: Merry Christmas :)
Summary: Luke's staying home with twins at Christmas. Jonah's going with Julie to hers and after to his parents. His son loves travelling by car. They're planning to meet at Luke's on Boxing Day.
Dialogue: Emily: Martha, thank you for the book, it's truly amazing!
Martha: You like it? I'm so glad.
Emily: Yes, I think it's gonna be one of my favourites!
Martha: That's so great. I love it too, the characters are painted do vividly, son't you think?
Emily: Exactly, I feel like I've known them for years. Every action stems from their individual history and is so understandable.
Martha: Yes, the author's a genius. She should have been a therapist.
Emily: Totally, I would go to her therapy, LOL.
Summary: Emily loves the book Martha gave her.
Dialogue: Todd: Hi, Sara.. just wondering, did you get my email?
Sara: Yes. Sorry,  I've been very busy. 
Sara: Will answer you tomorrow, ok?
Todd: Ok. tomorrow is fine;-) 
Todd: But no later, please. 
Summary: Sara will answer Todd's email tomorrow.
Dialogue: Kelly: we installed this new app that helps you organise your meals 
Caitlyn: interesting... what does it do?
Kelly: you have a lot of recipes there, you can add them to your calendar so planning is easier
Caitlyn: i can do that on a piece of paper too lol
Kelly: yes but it also creates shopping lists for you which is very convenient
Caitlyn: that actually sounds good
Kelly: and it is good, we have been using it for 2 or 3 months and it really helps us
Caitlyn: didn;t you run out of recipes or something?
Kelly: no, there is like a million of them lol
Caitlyn: sounds cool, any vegan ones?
Kelly: yeah there is a whole vegan section, we tried some recipes and even Tommy liked them haha
Caitlyn: haha how did you convince him?
Kelly: I didn't... i just served it and he had no choice but to eat it
Caitlyn: hahaha good thinking ;)
Summary: Kelly has been using a new app for 2 or 3 and finds it helpful in organizing their meals. Caitlyn finds it cool.
Dialogue: Ashley: So you going to Australia?
Beau: yes
Beau: For summer 
Ashley: Nice
Beau: Any recommendations? 
Ashley: I liked Sydney a lot
Ashley: Urulu was great
Beau: Did you fly to Uluru
Ashley: I did :) 
Ashley: From Sydney
Beau: To Alice Springs?
Ashley: Yes exactly
Ashley: Qantas Link flies there
Beau: How much did you pay?
Beau: RT
Ashley: Round trip
Ashley: Like 300$ 
Beau: Not too bad!
Ashley: It was a little bit less than that
Beau: AUS dollars?
Ashley: Canadian dollars!
Beau: Wow ok I will look into that
Summary: Beau is going to spend summer in Australia. Ashley liked Sydney and Urulu a lot. The round trip with QantasLink airline cost her up to 300 Canadian dollars.
Dialogue: Damian: Hey babe, you okay? You were kinda quiet during the meeting and Beth told me you skipped lunch...?
Meg: Hey, sorry 
Meg: I know I've been a little off lately - I'm just worried about tonite. :/
Damian: It's gonna be okay :)
Meg: You haven't met my parents -_- Seriously, how are you not freaking out right now???
Damian: What good would that do? ;) Besides - all I know is that I care about you and that's all that matters xx
Meg: Awwww :) 
Meg: I wish you were here so I could give you a big hug x
Damian: Just a hug?
Meg: Well, maybe more... ;)
Damian: Damn, can't wait to fnd out :D
Meg: Love you babe xx
Summary: Damian is cool about meeting Meg's parents tonight.
Dialogue: Jasna: I paid a holiday for June
Bojana: Really?Where,when?
Jasna: Pefkohori, we were there last year.
Bojana: How much?
Jasna: About 400 euro
Summary: Jasna paid 400 euro for holiday in Pefkohori in June.
Dialogue: Nathan: Hello! :) I was wondering whether you could  recommend a good Italian-English dictionary to me?
Nathan: Joseph told me that you have a Master's degree in Italian Studies, so you seem to be the right person to ask for advice on this subject. :)
Mason: Hi, Nathan! :) I use Langenscheidt's dictionary and I'm pretty happy with it.
Mason: If you're a beginner, a pictorial dictionary (e.g. the one published by Oxford-Duden) may come in handy too.
Mason: Btw do I know you? I don't mean to be rude, but I just don't recognize you at all.
Nathan: Thanks a lot! :))
Nathan: We've met at Joseph's birthday party. :)
Nathan: You may not remember me, because, hmm, you were already under the influence, when Joseph introduced us to each other. ;)
Mason: Ohhhh, ok, that's embarrassing... <file_gif>
Summary: Mason has a Master's degree in Italian Studies and recommends Langenscheidt's and a pictorial dictionary by Oxford-Duden to Nathan. He met Nathan at Joseph's birthday party when he was intoxicated so he doesn't remember meeting him.
Dialogue: Theo: how’s your evening?
Emily: my evening..... well, the same as always xDD
Theo: party hard? xD
Emily: hahah, sure
Theo: netflix and a vanilla ice cream? xD
Emily: exactly xDDDD
Theo: i know you a little bit :P
Emily: thanks bro xD
Theo: and I bet you’re watching black mirror
Emily: wrong answer!!
Theo: impossible
Emily: narcos
Theo: :/
Emily: only because i’ve watched all seasons xDDDD
Theo: aaaaah
Emily: xD
Theo: i see
Emily: but you were right with ice cream
Theo: point for me :P
Summary: Emily is watching netflix and eating ice cream tonight.
Dialogue: Chris: I'm lost. Been looking for the place for the last 20 min. Tried to call you but no answer.
Jim: It's bad reception over here that's why you couldn't get through.
Jim: Where are you?
Chris: On the corner of Station and Church St.
Jim: The place is behind the white house on the corner.
Jim: Go down the driveway. Then turn right into the public footpath. Walk another 50 yards and there should be a gate on your left.
Chris: OK.
Chris: <file_photo>
Chris: Is that the house you mean?
Jim: Yeah that's the place on the corner. Now go down the driveway.
Chris: OK.
Chris: I think I might have found it.
Chris: Is it the place with the yellow gate?
Jim: Yeah, that's the one.
Jim: I'll come downstairs and open the gate for you.
Chris: OK. I'm out the front.
Jim: Be down there in 5. Just have to lock the dogs up.
Jim: See you soon.
Chris: No probs.
Jim: :-)
Summary: Chris is on the corner of Station and Church St. Chris has been looking for the place for the last 20 minutes and couldn't reach Jim over the phone. Jim gives Chris directions about how to get to the place. Jim will open the gate for Chris in 5 minutes. Jim has to lock up the dogs first.
Dialogue: Maggie: Hey Jess, I met someone!
Jessica: Hey Mag, really? OMG, who's the lucky guy?
Maggie: His name is Kyle. 
Maggie: I met him online.
Jessica: Wow, that's brave.
Jessica: I didn't think u were the online dating type.
Maggie: B/c I'm not :D
Maggie: I was quite reluctant to the idea.
Jessica: Yeah, today u never really know who u can meet online.
Jessica: The fake identities and all...
Maggie: That's true. Anne finally convinced me.
Maggie: I wrote with a few guys. And finally Kyle messaged me.
Jessica: How long before u guys met in person?
Maggie: Well it took about 2 wks of messaging.
Maggie: And he asked me out for coffee.
Maggie: And we've been seeing each other for 3 months now.
Jessica: That's wonderful news :)
Jessica: Where's he from?
Maggie: He's from Toronto.
Maggie: He works as a computer scientist.
Jessica: You need to bring him by so John and I can meet him!
Maggie: I'd love to.
Maggie: And I'm sure Kyle will be delighted to meet you. He's a real ppl person :)
Jessica: Great, let us know when you'll stop by :)
Maggie: Will do. TTYS! :)
Summary: Maggie has been dating Kyle for 3 months. They met online. Maggie will come to Jessica's and John's place to introduce them to Kyle.
Dialogue: Jamaal: YO!
Sara: Yo yourself. 
Jamaal: I been wondering about you.
Sara: Yes?
Jamaal: You seeing anyone?
Sara: Maybe.
Jamaal: Girl, please.
Sara: Well, it's complicated.
Jamaal: What you mean?
Sara: I have a baby daddy but he isn't my man anymore.
Jamaal: Okay. So can I be your man?
Sara: You can try!
Jamaal: I'm bringing pizza, we gone Netflix and see what happens!
Sara: LOL I don't like pizza.
Jamaal: What fool don't like pizza?
Sara: Boy bye.
Jamaal: Buh bye.
Summary: Jamaal wants to date Sara but her situation is complicated.
Dialogue: Sissy: I've just finish "Gomorra", what to see next?
Francesca: Do you have Netflix?
Sissy: Nope
Gabri: You can share with me! I have 2 other screens available. 
Sissy: How much is it per month?
Gabri: Like 3 euro.
Sissy: OK, I will offer you few beers and we are OK?
Gabri: Sure!
Francesca: If you haven't seen it yet watch "Narcos".
Sissy: On my list!
Francesca: "The house of cards"
Gabri: All the documentaries are cool: Virunga and Icarus were excellent!
Francesca: You'll see, it's plenty of good things to watch. Also a documentary on Whitney was not bad.
Sissy: Perfect, sounds like my plan for November!
Summary: Sissy has finished "Gomorra". Gabri will share Netflix with Sissy for a couple of beers a month. Francesca strongly recommends "Narcos", "The house of cards" and a documentary on Whitney. Films worth watching, according to Gabri, are "Virunga" and "Icarus."
