Dialogue: Grayson: i got it! i got it! I GOT IT!!!!!!!!
Grayson: I GOT THE JOB!!!!!!!!!
Grayson: it's my dream job with AMAZING PAY, GREAT benefits and GREAT people
Grayson: i'm soooooo HAPPY and sooooooo EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nancy: congratulations!!! i knew you'd get it!!
Nancy: all that worrying was useless
Nancy: CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Nancy: when do you start?
Grayson: next monday . I'M SO EXCITED!!!
Grayson: i gotta go, i haven't called my parents to let them know
Nancy: ok but can i say something one last time time?
Nancy: CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
Summary: Grayson got the job. He starts next Monday. He'll call his parents. Nancy congratulates him on the job.
Dialogue: Jenny: hi, small question
Anna: yes  my dear
Jenny: have you ever bought any clothes on allegro?
Anna: yes i have , all time
Jenny: What did you buy lately?
Anna: remember, i bought a dress for the wedding, the blue one
Jenny: but what if it doesn't fit?
Anna: it's very easy to return it, and it costs nothing.
Jenny: Do you think i can sell items?
Anna: of course, i sold some shoes
Jenny: shoes?? 
Anna: it's as simple as to buy some, even more. Just be careful when you make payment.
Jenny: Would you have time to come and show me?
Anna: ok tomorrow with a cup of coffee
Jenny: thanks see you tomorrow
Summary: Anna will come to Jenny tomorrow to have some coffee and explain her how she can buy and sell stuff on allegro.
Dialogue: Ivy: Why are you angry with me?
Ivy: Today at school you didn’t say hi
Ivy: You didn’t even talk to me
James: I think you know why I’m angry
Ivy: Is it because of Tracy?
Ivy: Come on it was a joke!
James: Don’t you ever dare to talk to her like that
Summary: James is angry at Ivy for the way she talked to Tracy.
Dialogue: Blake: I feel horrible.😡😡😡😡
Lorenzo: Why so?
Blake: U remember when you came to my house last time?
Blake: it was so noisy. remember?
Lorenzo: Oh. Yeah. I remember clearly.
Blake: It just makes me crazy. 😡😡 You know I have my deadline till the end of this week.
Blake: I cannot concentrate on my work at all cause of those freakin kids running all the time.
Lorenzo: I think you are also in “The noise between floors” problems.
Lorenzo: Have you talked with their mum about that? : (
Blake: of course. over the interphone. 
Lorenzo: What did she say to you? :‑(:‑(:‑(:‑(
Blake: their mom also has a problem. she said to me her kids don't run. 8D 8D 8D HA!
Blake: do you think it makes sense? 
Blake: you can hear the noise all the time from the upstairs but nobody runs?
Lorenzo: Call the police then.	:L 
Blake: you know if I do that there is a chance that both she and I could be on the news. 🤨
Summary: Blake's neighbour's children are very noisy and he can't focus on his work. The neighbour has ignored his requests to keep it quiet. Lorenzo recommends calling the police.
Dialogue: Darren: I'm at the taco shop, what d'ya want?
Dana: 3 baja tacos, thx!
Randy: no thanks, I already ate
Dana: and the green salsa, the spicy one
Ron: I don't care, pick whatever
Dana: and a diet coke
Darren: Ron and Randy, tell me what you want. I don't want u 2 to end up eating mine like always
Dana: can you also pick up some queso?
Darren: Ok, Dana, 3 baja, queso, diet coke. Anything else?
Ron: I don't really like tacos, can you pick up a pizza instead?
Darren: No. not on my way. We're having tex-mex today.
Ron: Geez. Fine.
Dana: you know what, can I have 2 baja and 1 brisket?
Randy: chicken quesadilla then
Darren: Dana, u sure? I'm about to order. RON?
Ron: chicken quesadilla too, easy
Dana: see if they still have that thing we had last time
Darren: No idea what you talking about. Ordering now.
Dana: just ask them
Darren: too late. last time I'm picking up food for you!
Ron: come on Dad. we looooove you!
Darren: I don't care
Summary: Darren is at the taco shop and offers to get something for his children. They have a problem with deciding. Dana takes 2 baja tacos, 1 brisket, queso and diet coke. Ron wants chicken quesadilla. 
Dialogue: Szczepan: when are you available?
Roman: Either weekends or weekdays early mornings
Roman: What's up?
Szczepan: just wanted to talk to you about the project
Szczepan: If you are okay with it
Roman: Sure, how about in 2 hours?
Szczepan: I'll try to stay up
Roman: Ok, I'm in the city now
Roman: Give me few minutes to find some quiet place, so we can talk
Szczepan: oh okay
Szczepan: i'm ready in 5 minutes
Roman: Ready for mic test?
Szczepan: yup!
Summary: Roman is available either on weekends or on weekday early mornings. Roman and Szczepan will meet in 2 hours to talk about the project. Roman is in the city now and he has found a quiet place where they could talk.
Dialogue: Alex: You’re not worth my presence. Can you actually cook?
Jane: I can microwave, put a frozen pizza in the oven, cook pasta and rice (sometimes). Oh, and potatoes! You should like potatoes, you’re British.
Alex: So you can’t cook.
Jane: I’m Kebab Princess. I don’t care about cooking. 
Alex: Kebab Peasant, you mean.
Jane: What a moron. Kebab is salad. And it makes people happy.
Alex: Get kebab as a tattoo, please
Jane: Nono, I prefer tribal patterns. A medium-size tribal tattoo, two fingers above my bottom
Alex: That’s called a tramp stamp
Jane: Good to know. I'll teach my children.
Alex: You can’t cook and you’re about to get a tramp stamp. You’re not going to be a good mommy. 
Jane: Ok. Pay me a compliment or else I’m breaking up with you.
Alex: You have nice friends.
Jane: What? You didn’t…
Alex: I tried, but there is nothing good about you, sorry.
Jane: I can carve a heart on a potato for you. Is it enough for you to love me?
Alex: Yes, ok. We can make a deal. I want the potato and the left side of the bed.
Jane: Pfft. Forget. I don’t need your love.
Alex: First you try to seduce me with a potato, and now you pretend you’re not needy. I don’t get you.
Summary: Alex says Jane can't cook very well, she only knows how to make basic foods. She won't be a good mummy. Jane threatens to break up with Alex, unless he tells her a compliment. Alex can only say that she has good friends, and not much else. She offers to carve a heart on a potato for Alex.
Dialogue: Carol: I got some more fruit from my garden you want some?
Jacob: Yess! always? but aren't you gonna eat it?
Carol: I have so much I don't know what to do with it
Jacob: make some preserves with it
Carol: ugh so don't have the time for that
Jacob: oh come on
Carol: really? thats your argument?
Jacob: well... come on
Carol: same argument ass
Jacob: you aren't one of those super busy people
Carol: ?
Jacob: you know... a person that does everything, goes to every new place
Carol: does everything? what hte hell are you on?
Jacob: fine nevermind, when can I come?
Carol: You can pick up the fruits Wednesday at 6pm
Jacob: ok
Summary: Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Dialogue: Anne: Hi Jason, how was your day? =)
Jason: Hi
Anne: =)
Anne: So... how was it?
Anne: ?
Jason: cool
Anne: Oh, that's nice. What have you done?
Jason: nothing special
Anne: I also had a nice day.
Anne: I went out with Mary and Theresa
Anne: After school we went to a coffee shop
Anne: We were talking over delicious hot chocolate
Anne: I could talk for hours with them
Anne: But then we had to go back home
Anne: Then I thought I would write to you to see how you were doing
Jason: cool
Anne: Do you like hot chocolate?
Jason: Listen I'm busy 
Jason: Talk to you later
Anne: Ok later...
Summary: Anne had a nice day. After school, she went out with Mary and Theresa to a coffee shop. Jason is busy and doesn't want to talk to Anne.
Dialogue: Lindsey: I'm going to Paris for the weekend
Martin: A weekend? That's too short
David: Cool! Where are you going to stay?
Lindsey: With a friend
Martin: A friend? oh la la
Lindsey: A friend with benefits ;-)
Martin: Of course! 
Summary: Lindsey is going to Paris for the weekend with her lover.
Dialogue: Angela: I'm back on fb regular, now. So, we can talk more than twice a year! :D
Jack: oh that's nice! how are u, btw?
Angela: Pretty good. I had to move so fast, which was insane, but it's doing me a lot of good to have the kids next to me all the time. You?
Jack: I'm doing great, actually :) where do u live right now?
Angela: I moved to California, to Riverside. My mom got a great job out here and needs a lot of help. We're moving my brother and his kids here, too. So, I'm taking the year off from teaching to help everyone get settled.
Jack: and how is the town treating u so far?
Angela: I've been pretty much keeping to home, so it's been quiet that way. I'm still technically working this semester, so grading and PMing students all night, but I volunteer to watch the kids and let the other adults do all the errands X.X
Jack: I'm trying to focus on my PhD this summer, tomorrow I'm doing the last exam 
Jack: I also spend time with my bf and friends, we'll have our 1st anniversary soon <3
Angela:  Aww!
Angela: I thought you got your degree last year.
Jack: Our education system is different than that in States, I'm on my third year of PhD studies
Angela: Oh I see
Jack: do you have any holiday plans?
Angela: Mostly just here, being useful. I go to Canada for a couple days, end of the month, for work stuff.
Angela: We took my brother out, this morning, for Father's Day. Had to drag him, but he had a good time once we did.
Jack: you're super dedicated to your work, which is great, but don't forget to rest up, too
Angela: I get in lots of hands of Uno and poker with the kids. 
Jack: sounds fun!
Angela: it is :)
Summary: Angela moved to California, because her mom got a job there. Angela wants to take her brother and kids to California too, so she takes a gap year. Jack has his last PhD exam tomorrow. Angela is going to Canada for working holiday for a few days.
Dialogue: Michael: Amber, you don't look well.
Amber: Yes ! I had a fever last night
Michael: Have you seen doctor??
Amber: No , not yet.
Michael: Are you taking any home made remedies?.
Amber: yes I am.
Michael: But still you must go and see doctor
Amber: Yeah i will
Summary: Amber had a fever last night. She is taking home-made remedies. Amber hasn't seen the doctor yet, but she will. 
Dialogue: Vitalis: You should visit Republic of Užupis 
Dalia: oh yes, it's a cute idea
Ron: what is it?
Vitalis: kind of an "independent state" in Vilnius
Vitalis: I think it was proclaimed when the Soviet Union was collapsing
David: so what is it actually?
Vitalis: it has it's own president, constitution and currency
David: but it's not a real state?
Vitalis: hmm, no, of course not, it's inside Lithuania
Vitalis: actually inside Vilnius
Vitalis: and most of all it's not recognised by other states
David: so it's rather a fake thing for tourists?
Vitalis: neither for tourists nor fake
Vitalis: it's just an original, interesting thing
Vitalis: here you can read about it: <file_other>
Ron: hahaha, they even had an army at some point
Ron: I like that there are no shopping malls
David: nor kiosks :D
Vitalis: have a look at it when you're inside
Summary: Vitalis recommends Dalia, Ron and David to visit the Republic of Užupis in Vilnius. It's a kind of an independent state with its own president, constitution and currency, but it's not recognised by other states.
Dialogue: Roxy: Hey Mum, where are you?
Pamela: Hello dear, I'm still at the store.
Roxy: I can't find the red sweater Gran knitted for me :'-(
Roxy: do you know where it could be?
Pamela: Oh sweetheart, it's in the chest at the foot of my bed.
Roxy: thanks Mum <3 I thought I'd lost it
Summary: Roxy's red sweater is in the chest at the foot of Pamela's bed.
Dialogue: Rhys: where the heck are you?
Rhys: we're all waiting for you!
Molly: what? I wrote to you in the afternoon that I was gonna be late
Rhys: I didn't get it :(
Molly: I'm almost on my way to you
Molly: pls order something for me
Summary: Rhys is waiting for Molly. She had written to him in the afternoon that she would be late, but he didn't get the message. Molly is on her way already.
Dialogue: Stef: <file_other>
Pascal: thanks
Pascal: hi Stef, thanks again, the carpenter came yesterday!
Stef: great, you'll have a nice roof this winter
Pascal: Yes, see you at christmas
Summary: Pascal's carpenter arrived yesterday.
Dialogue: Max: Hi everyone! Here's the restaurant that I chose: <file_other> 
David: Hi there! Looks great!
Irene: Nice, I'm a big fan of Hungarian cuisine.
Jenny: Oh, I've heard about this place!
David: Yeah, they have good ratings.
Irene: My friends went there last w/e. They mentioned that the menu was really diverse.
Max: It looks like they have many options, for meat lovers and vegetarians.
Max: Check it out: <file_photo> 
Jenny: Wow! This menu is wonderful, finally more possibilities for vegetarians like me :)
David: Apparently after 8pm they also have karaoke!
Irene: OMG, get ready for David's greatest hits! I have to listen to them when he showers.
David: TMI Honey.
Jenny: LOL, I luv you guys! 
Jenny: Can't wait for us to finally hang out. :)
Max: So we're all set. I made the reservation for Saturday, at 4pm.
David: Irene and I might be a few minutes late. We have to drop the kids off at the in-laws.
Jenny: No worries. See you there!
Summary: Max, David, Irene and Jenny are meeting in a Hungarian restaurant on Saturday ar 4pm. The restaurant has a really diverse menu with a lot of options for vegeratians. After 8pm there's karaoke.
Dialogue: Justin: Hey, I think we got off at the wrong foot - I wasn't trying to be mean, I was scraping off chewing gum off your seat. I'm sorry I got you in trouble.
Bella: I'm the one who is sorry - I overreacted. I thought you were like Chloe...
Justin: You mean because we're friends?
Bella: Yeah...
Justin: The thing is, being homeschooled I've never had any real friends - I've know Chloe since we were little and she's all I have.
Bella: It's kinda weird when you think about it - you're both so different.
Summary: Justin apologises to Bella for getting her into trouble. Justin was homeschooled.
Dialogue: Mary: I can't find my key
Tom: oh, sorry, I have it
Ed: go to my room and take mine for now
Mary: ok, thanks
Summary: Tom has Mary's keys. Mary will take Ed's keys.
Dialogue: Jude: Where is your wallet I cannot find it anywhere
Faith: I took it with me
Jude: Why? I need your credit card to pay the bills
Summary: Jude needs Faith's credit card to pay the bills.
Dialogue: Kyle: How about u? Got any series u like?
Gail: Sure! True Blood!
Kyle: That's the one with Edward? ;)
Gail: No! That's Twilight. And that's not a series!
Kyle: So it must be the one about the chick that kills vampires?
Gail: No! That's Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Kyle: Oh, right! I remember her! She was funny.
Gail: Yeah, Ik.
Kyle: So which one is it?
Gail: Everything takes place in Louisiana. And everything revolves around this girl who is loved by two vampires and has many adventures!
Kyle: B3. Sounds like something for chicks.
Gail: That's sexist!
Summary: Gail likes True Blood, which is set in Louisiana. Edward is a character from Twilight. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is about a girl who fights vampires. Kyle doesn't think True Blood is for him.
Dialogue: Matt: <file_photo>
Matt: <file_photo>
Matt: <file_photo>
Kelly: Wow! <3 <3 <3
Kelly: It looks great!
Kelly: I'm impressed!
Matt: Hard work.
Matt: But it's worth it.
Matt: The final effect looks astonishing and I'm proud to be part of this team.
Kelly: I can see that. To pump your ego even more, I can say I really like it.
Kelly: Looks perfect. Send me some pictures later when people come visit you stand.
Matt: Sure thing!
Summary: Kelly is impressed with the final effect of the work Matt's team did.
Dialogue: John: Hi, how are you?
Martin: Destroyed. 
John: Hahah, why.
Martin: I've had so much work in the last few days, I just can't anymore
John: Where are you now?
Martin: At the office, of course
John: Why of course? it's almost 9
Martin: John, I live here now
John: God, sounds serious
Martin: It is, believe me
John: When will it end?
Martin: I've no idea. When we finish the project
John: More or less
Martin: Not before Christmas.
John: Poor you
Martin: Dead me
John: stay strong, I'll talk to you later
Martin: thanks.
Summary: Martin works way too much and it will not stop before Christmas.
Dialogue: Tanya: We're leaving Ireland tomorrow :(
Lexi: pity, but I guess it's high time
Patrick: Take care and visit sometimes
Tanya: I will
Summary: Tanya is leaving Ireland tomorrow.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hi, are you going to the lecture tomorrow?
Ela: Yes and Tom is going too
Patricia: Tha's great. Are we taking the bus at 7.30?
Ela: I thought to take the later one because at 7.30 there are to many people
Patricia: You're right, let's take the one at 7.45
Summary: Patricia and Ela will take the 7.45 bus tomorrow to go to the lecture.
Dialogue: Heidi: What do you think of this? 
Heidi: <file_other>
Heidi: It's one of the group compositions that we had to do for Music GCSE - Matt Alpin provided the Left Hand melody, the rest is all me...
Isla: Oh my gosh where did you find this gem of a memory throw back???
Heidi: I was so irritated by the fact that I couldn't combine the two contrasting melodies or explain what I meant (even though I could clearly hear it in my head), so... I memorised it.
Heidi: Only when I downloaded Musescore (program that lets you transcribe notes), I could see where the problem was (it was those damn triplets).
Heidi: Now I realise that most people would have just let it go, so I'm not so sure what that says about me... :P
Isla: It says that when you do something you want to be proud of it! And I think you should be! You are actually a very talented girl xx
Heidi: Aww, thanks Isla - it really means a lot to me.
Heidi: Btw, I'm not the only talented one ;)
Isla: No, you are not the only talented one by any means... but you are the MOST talented in creating that piece of music, and for brightening my day 
Heidi: Aww... you're making me blush ;)
Heidi: Question for you - did you enjoy Music GCSE? I'm under the impression that not many people did...
Isla: To be honest, I don't really remember it
Heidi: Really? 
Isla: Yeah, it was an age ago
Heidi: Only 5 years... :P
Heidi: I was always under the impression that they wanted professional musicians and were disappointed that they got 15-year old us
Isla: I would call that an accurate impression actually! 
Isla: That's certainly true of miss Robertson... or maybe she was expecting people a lot keener to do well than we were
Heidi: I was kinda thinking along the lines of Mr Richmon actually... :P
Isla: No! Really?!
Isla: I wouldn't have said that at all
Isla: Did you ever know mr Gilbert?
Heidi: I think I met him when I came over (that time in Sixth Form)
Heidi: Was he nice? (aka. a good music teacher?)
Isla: He was a bit like a nice mr prideux
Isla: Very talented! But also not a (excuse my French) a guy
Isla: *git
Summary: Heidi sends Isla a group composition which she did for Music GCSE. Isla considers Heidi very talented in music. Isla does not remember much from Music GCSE.
Dialogue: Faheem : Hi Afhaam how are you?
Afhaam : Hello Faheem i am a little bit busy i will call you soon.
Faheem : OK ! Give my regards to family.
Afhaam : Sure.
Summary: Afhaam is a little busy and will cal Faheem soon. 
