Dialogue: Marie: Hi, anybody wants to have lunch together?
Daniel: I doubt I'll go for lunch
Daniel: our department is flooded with work today, it's insane
Tom: I may join you
Marie: Daniel, you have the right to have a lunch break, c'mon, you already work too much
Daniel: I know, but I want to finish it
Daniel: and I don't trust my team, we have to many new people
Marie: Daniel, it's not your responsibly any little mistake people make
Tom: Marie is right, you should learn to let people do their job
Marie: it's neither good for you nor for them
Tom: and they probably hate you
Tom: nobody like to have a boss who's a control freak
Daniel: Maybe you're right
Marie: sure, come to have lunch we us
Marie: in the foyer at 13.15!
Daniel: ok
Summary: Daniel doesn't want to go for lunch because he has a lot of work to do. Marie, Tom and Daniel will have lunch in the foyer at 13.15.
Dialogue: Conor: Hey Ava!! Just open up instagram and check Micahael's activity
Ava: No way!!! How did it happen...
Conor: I don't know ... Must have gotten a gift from his rich uncle..
Ava: Who gives a Kawasaki as a gift...
Conor: I don't know .. But i sure know that Michael can't afford it himself
Ava: Obviously!! He doesn't pay for his coffee and i have been paying for his coffee for the last month.
Conor: hahahaa.. All heil Micahel's "Gift Giver"
Ava: hahaha ...."Gift Giver"
Summary: Micahael has a Kawasaki. He probably got it as a present from his uncle because he can't afford a Kawasaki.
Dialogue: Amelia: I am signing up for choir
Mia: Wooot! Good for you! 
Charlotte: Is there a recruitment for that? 
Amelia: Nope
Amelia: I just signed up
Amelia: And got a email! 
Ola: Wow nice! 
Ola: You will do great
Ola: You sing well especially at showers hahaha
Amelia: Haha thanks! 
Charlotte: When is the first day? 
Amelia: Next week! 
Charlotte: 😇 😇 😇 
Summary: Amelia is joining choir next week. Mia is surprised. Ola is sure Amelia will do well.
Dialogue: Sam: have you heard about this guy:
Sam: <file_other> George Weah
Liam: He's a famous footballer
Terry: hahah, and a president of a country?
Leo: quite cool
Liam: but makes sense in these days, with the cult of celebrities, right?
Liam: so many former TV celebrates in parliaments all over the world
Sam: but it's fascinating, I've never heard of him before
Liam: he was a striker
Liam: "He is regarded as one of the best players never to have played in a World Cup"
Liam: as your link says
Sam: did he play for Liberia?
Liam: yes, on international level he played for Liberia
Terry: yes, but I think he was in Milano and Monaco
Liam: yeah, I think so
Liam: 1995 he was name FIFA World Player of the Year
Sam: so he was probably a national hero before he became the president of the country
Liam: I imagine
Sam: it was in 2018, still fresh
Summary: George Weah was a striker and in 2018 he was elected a president of Liberia. He played for Liberia, Milano and Monaco. In 1995 he was FIFA World Player of the Year.
Dialogue: Aubrey: What about this dress?
Aubrey: <file_other>
Anne: I don't like this kind of red.
Anne: and besides, it's too pricy.
Aubrey: The prom night is near so you have to decide.
Anne: I know... but there is no dress for me
Aubrey: Let's find some clothing outlet.
Anne: Sounds like a good idea.
Aubrey: When do you have time?
Anne: Let me check...
Summary: Aubrey and Anne are going to a clothing outlet to find a prom dress for Aubrey.
Dialogue: Kenneth: good afternoon buddy
Paul: good afternoon sir ;-)
Kenneth: we're the same age douchebag
Paul: ruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
Paul: don't call me that lol
Kenneth: anyway i'm taking a self defense class and i was wondering if you'd like to join
Paul: why are you taking that class?
Kenneth: get fit, feel safer, etc…
Paul: email more info and i'll let you know later this week
Kenneth: will do
Summary: Kenneth is taking a self-defense class. He will email Paul more info and Paul will let him know later this week if he will join him. 
Dialogue: Albert: I've seen you're interested in that fb event
Albert: <file_other>
Leo: Yes, drinking beer and watching stand up, perfect evening!
Albert: You convinced me, see ya there!
Summary: Albert and Leo are going to a stand-up show they saw on Facebook.
Dialogue: Steve: Hey guys, can you call me as soon as you head "home"? I'm soooo tired I must take a nap but I wouldn't like you to be locked out
Simon: Yeah sure
Anna: I will, no worries. Difficult to say what time we'll be back for now
Steve: No problem, just call me so that I can wake up and open the door for you
Anna: I will. Thanks so much!
Steve: No worries! Thanks for your understanding 💚
Summary: Steve is going to take a nap. Simon and Anna will give him a wake up call when they're going home, so that he can open the door for them.
Dialogue: Matt: hey dude
Matt: i hear ur in town?
Dylan: yep i am
Matt: good to hear :)
Matt: how about we grab sth to drink some day while you're here?
Dylan: sure, what about tomorrow at 6?
Matt: 6pm, i hope
Dylan: yea dude id be asleep in the am hhaa
Matt: got it ! call me when you know where you wanna meet
Dylan: cheers
Summary: Dylan is in town. Matt and Dylan will meet for a drink tomorrow at 6 PM. Dylan will call Matt to specify where he wants to meet.
Dialogue: Jennifer: Dear Celia! How are you doing?
Jennifer: The afternoon with the Collins was very pleasant, nice folks, but we missed you.
Jennifer: But I appreciate your consideration for Peter.
Celia: My dear Jenny! It turns out that my decision not to come, though I wanted so much to see you again and Peter and the Collins, was right. Yesterday it all developed into a full bore cold. Sh.....
Celia: All symptoms like in a text book.
Celia: Luckily it's contagious only on the first 2, 3 days, so when we meet next week it should be alright.
Celia: Thanks for asking! Somehow for all of us Peter comes first now.
Jennifer: That's too bad. Poor you...
Jennifer: I'll be driving to FR, do you want me to bring you sth? It's on my way.
Celia: Thank you dear! I was at the pharmacy yesterday and had done my shopping the day before.
Celia: You'd better still stay away from me in case I'm still contagious
Jennifer: Right. So I'll only leave a basket on your terrace. Are you in bed?
Celia: Goodness me - not! Actually working at the desk. A long overdue commission.
Jennifer: OK I won't disturb you.
Celia: What basket??
Jennifer: If you can work it can't be that bad.
Jennifer: Maria brought plenty of cookies and I still had my linzertorte, so we're glutted with cakes and you surely have none.
Celia: But you gave me two bags of almond snaps! 
Celia: I'm so happy I've lost some weight in Mexico.
Jennifer: They keep forever! Why don't you share them with William? All men love linzertorte.
Celia: True enough. Gustav did!
Summary: Celia couldn't make it to the afternoon with the Collins and Jennifer as she is ill. She's working, but doesn't want to meet with Jennifer as it might be contagious. Jennifer will leave a basket with cookies on Celia's terrace. 
Dialogue: Hannah: Jonah is feeling fine so we might go to the vineyard tonight. Do you still want to join us?
John: Yes! I have a couple of errands to run after work but will be ready by 6.30.
Hannah: It doesn't start until 7.30, right?
John: That's right. Did you buy tickets online? only 5$
Hannah: Not yet. Kasey and Chad are supposed to let us know if they also wanna go. Then we could ride together. Otherwise we can pick you up on the way.
John: Ok. Also bring a jacket in case we're outside. 
Hannah: Always have a blanket in the car! I read on their website that we might need to bring chairs? I'm sure they have some sitting there?
John: I think so. They do all sort of events there, weddings, etc. Probably just not too many so they tell people to bring their own.
Hannah: I see. Have you been there before?
John: It has probably been a couple of years. I used to go there a lot when I worked for that event planning company. It's a great property. You''ll like it.
Hannah: I'm sure I will! Do we need to bring anything else? Do they have any food there? Except for the tacos they mentioned.
John: There's a restaurant on site but not sure how long they stay open. You can always bring some with you.
Hannah: I might just prepare a picnic basket! I'm sure it will be fun, live music and all.
Summary: Hannah and Jonah are considering joining an event at the vineyard which starts at 7.30 and Hannah offers to pick up John, Kasey and Chad on their way. John advised Hannah to take something to sit on. There's a restaurant at the vineyard but Hannah will prepare a picnic basket anyway.
Dialogue: Milena: where are you?
Jeff: platform 3
Kim: waiting for you
Milena: I'm almost there
Summary: Jeff and Kim are waiting for Milena on platform 3.
Dialogue: Jenny: hey
Jenny: that place with karaoke, can u sing there everyday?
Tom: nah, just on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays
Jenny: meh
Tom: I'm going there tomorrow, wanna come?
Jenny: I have plans
Jenny: it's actually my birthday tomorrow so I'll grab a burger with my bf or something
Tom: <file_gif> happy bday!
Jenny: thanks :)
Jenny: or at least he said so
Tom: good
Jenny: but he might forget, who knows xD
Tom: hehe
Tom: he won't
Tom: but in case he does u know where to find us
Jenny: sure thing
Jenny: we'll be in touch
Tom: take care :)
Jenny: xoxo
Summary: Tom is going to karaoke place tomorrow. He invites Jenny but she has already made plans. It's her birthday tomorrow.
Dialogue: Nina: I am so excited about our trip!!
Anna: yeeey
Anna: Have you packed yet?
Nina: I am rolling around with all my clothes on the bed and on the floor ^^
Anna: haha same :D
Nina: How many pairs of shoes are you taking with you?
Anna: are you gonna judge me
Anna: if I say 4?
Nina: haha good I got 3 and I really want to take another pair
Anna: dont be shy :D
Nina: is your dad still driving us to the airport?
Anna: shit I forgot to mention that
Anna: no, unfortunately he's busy :/
Nina: I'll ask Manny then
Anna: since when he has a car?
Nina: since yesterday :D
Anna: then he must be dying to give people lifts :D
Nina: yeah :D
Anna: good ask him and let me know
Nina: Ok!
Summary: Anna and Nina are going on a trip together. They are packing. Anna's father is too busy to drive them to the airport but maybe Manny will do it.
Dialogue: Nora: ksb
Nora: pejfkbdkhh
Nora: #!@4^$436e))dfy
Gordon: ?
Nora: Gordon, I'm so sorry - my youngest got a hold of my phone.
Gordon: It's okay. Are you ready for tomorrow's presentation?
Nora: Yes, Ed and I have been working really hard on our proposals.
Gordon: Good, we have an important guest coming in - a potential client. It is crucial that everything goes smoothly. 
Nora: Okay. I also talked to Cabel - she said she's struggling with some of the statistics.
Gordon: Did she say what with?
Nora: She mentioned something about how the client's data doesn't add up with ours.
Gordon: Okay, thanks for letting me know. 
Gordon: Speaking of which, do you have Cabel's number? For some reason, I haven't been able to contact her on her mobile.
Nora: She changed her number recently - she must have fogrotten to tell you.
Nora: *forgotten
Nora: Here's her number: 01 924 841 616
Gordon: Thank you Nora. I'll see you tomorrow at work.
Summary: Nora has an important presentation tomorrow. A potential client is coming in. Cabel is struggling with some of the statistics. She also has a new phone number: 01 924 841 616.
Dialogue: Julie: Can you give me some ideas for Christmas movies, please?
Ramsay: Well, there's Home Alone.
Julie: Oh, right!
Ramsay: The Lethal Weapon films all had Christmas in them!
Julie: Not exactly what I mean, but...
Ramsay: How about National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation? That's my favorite!
Julie: Good one!
Ramsay: Nightmare Before Christmas? Or is that Halloween?
Julie: It's both, I think!
Ramsay: True. There are some newer ones, with Tim Allen as Santa. What are they called?
Julie: Oh, the Santa Clause films, right, I think there are three or four?
Ramsay: Yes, I forget how many.
Julie: This is a good start. More than we need probably. Any others?
Ramsay: Well, all the old Rankin Bass stop motion ones like Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer and The Year Without a Santa Claus.
Julie: Those are great for the kids, right?
Ramsay: I kind of like them myself! Nostalgia and all that!
Julie: LOL!
Ramsay: I'm sure there are newer ones, I just don't know them.
Julie: I think so too. Christmas with the Kranks, I think, was the chick from the Halloween films?
Ramsay: Now you're getting too modern for me!
Julie: Okay, thanks for the advice!
Ramsay: Enjoy!
Summary: Julie asks for Christmas movies recommendation. Ramsay recommends a few titles, like Home Alone, the Santa Clause films, Rudolph, etc.
Dialogue: Simon: hey, got some time?
Nick: yep. what's up?
Simon: Jasmine told me something about a party at yours?
Nick: yeah, you guys should come in. Tomorrow, 8 pm
Simon: cool, we'll be there 
Summary: Jasmine and Simon will come to Nick's party tomorrow at 8 PM.
Dialogue: Vicky: Soooo
Vicky: How was it? Are you alive? :D
Lea: Alive and kicking ;)
Vicky: Tell me everything
Lea: it wasn't as bad as Stacy described it. I was terrified going there, but... it was actually bearable
Vicky: That doesn't sound so good L...
Lea: It didn't hurt that much, it felt... weird, but not very painful like Stacy said
Vicky: did you do just your legs?
Lea: I went wild and did legs and bikini
Vicky: owwwww
Lea: Hahahaha told you it wasn't that bad :D
Vicky: Just the thought makes me cringe
Lea: Well, I recommend it if you want to get smooth legs forever ;)
Lea: It's quite pricey, but you save a lot of money - think how much you spend on waxing and stuff
Vicky: it's not for me, I'd die in the process
Lea: It's just laser :D I bet it's less painful than getting a tattoo
Summary: Lea's had her leg and bikini hair removed with a laser. It wasn't as painful as she's expected. 
Dialogue: Mark: Could we meet at the Starbuck at W 45th St, next to Time Square?
Sandra: Sure, this one is nice
Ashley: What time is good for you?
Sandra: I could be there at 7am
Sandra: it's easier for me to come from Queens before 7
Ashley: good, 7 is fine for me
Ashley: What about you, Mark?
Mark: I won't mange by 8, I'm sorry, Pete is sick, I'll have to go to a pharmacy before leaving for work
Ashley: So we can meet with Sandra at 7, have breakfast there and discuss the project
Ashley: And you'll join us later
Ashley: Are you ok with it?
Mark: Perfect, so see you tomorrow
Ashley: see you!
Sandra: 😘
Summary: Sandra and Ashley are going to meet tomorrow at 7 at the Starbuck at W 45th St to have breakfast and discuss the project. Mark will join them later.
Dialogue: Elaine: Hi, where did u put the hammer? I cant find it.
Alfonso: Lemme think.
Elaine: Alright, hurry. I dont have all day.
Alfonso: Did you check by the work bench?
Elaine: Yes.
Alfonso: What about the kitchen sink?
Elaine: I'll look now
Alfonso: OK.
Elaine: No, its not there.
Alfonso: Oh you know what. I lent it to Malcolm. He might be home right now. 
Elaine: Ill check with him
Alfonso: Ok.
Elaine: I got it, though its in rough shape.
Alfonso: Thats my fault. I dropped it the other day
Summary: Elaine can't find the hammer Alfonso lent to Malcolm. She gets it in the end.
Dialogue: Tim: hey there
John: Hey there, what's up?
John: How's life in Spain treating you?
Tim: Actually quite awesome :) Finally landed a decent job and was able to rent a proper apartment
Tim: And the weather is awesome here :)
John: yeah, I can imagine. It's abysmal here
Tim: that was one of the reason of me moving :)
Tim: but to the point - I'm actually coming to our hometown in a couple of weeks
Tim: And I was thinking about throwing a party for the whole gang
John: That's awesome! When will that be?
Tim: Not sure yet - probably the last week of May or the first week of June
Tim: Depends on my boss and the ticket prices - I will know for sure by the end of the week. I'm now just trying to find out a best date so that nobody is on vacation or something
John: Cool, that's really awesome. Everyone will be happy to see you - from what I know everyone will be here
John: Just set up an event on facebook - this will save you a ton of time
Tim: yeah, will do that - just saw you online and thought that I'll that to you first :)
John: I'm flattered :)
Tim: Okay, so I'll set up the event and make a group chat - see you there:)
John: yeah, see you! 
Summary: Tim lives in Spain. He will probably come to his hometown the last week of May or the first week of June. He wants to throw a party. In order to do that he will set up the event on Facebook and make a group chat.
Dialogue: Sam: I lost my car keys I think
Eric: Surely not, just look for it carefully
Julia: you always "loose" things and find them 3 days later somewhere at home
Eric: hahaha, exactly, I've heard it so many times already
Sam: but I haven't been home even
Eric: so where did it happen?
Sam: in the city
Eric: ask in all the shops/offices you've been today, people mostly keep an eye on this kind of stuff
Sam: right, I will, I'm just a bit panicked 
Summary: Sam lost his car keys in the city.
Dialogue: Jessica: Omg omg! You are not gonna believe this!
Mariah: What?? what happened?
Jessica: Brad and Ashley broke up, he's single again!
Mariah: OMG I can't believe that, girl come to my place noooow we have to talk about this.
Jessica: Be there in 10.
Summary: Brad and Ashley broke up. Mariah and Jessica are excited to gossip about it. They'll meet in 10 minutes, at Mariah's place.
Dialogue: Janek: Przemek is pissing me off
Janek: Look
Janek: <file_photo> 
Milena: Who is that fucking asshole? 
Janek: He worked at our company
Janek: In the IT section
Milena: I dont know him 
Milena: But sounds like a douche
Janek: He doesn't leave me alone
Janek: Hes a hypocrite and idk what to write him back
Janek: He pisses me off all the time and then he tries to say that he was just kidding 
Milena: Ignore that piece of shit 
Summary: Przemek from the IT department annoys Janek. Milena tells Janek to ignore Przemek.
Dialogue: Adam: Mary, could you please cover for me today?
Mary: Sorry, can't do, I'm stuck at home, Gill has a flu. Maybe Joe?
Joe: Uhm, ok, tell the PM I said it's fine.
Adam: I owe you one, really, thanks!
Summary: Mary can't cover for Adam because she is stuck at home with Gill, who has a flu. Joe will cover for Adam.
Dialogue: Sonia: Did you watch the match yesterday ?
Ron: Yes, you know it is my favourite team
Sonia: I know, that's why I also watched it yesterday !
Ron: I thought you don't like baseball
Sonia: No I don't but I know it's your favourite team, so I did
Ron: Nice from you. Did you enjoy it ?
Sonia: You know what, I did not think I would like it so much. Every time I watched baseball matches before I found it so boring
Ron: And yesterday not ? It's true guys had a good match yesterday
Sonia: I liked the action at the end with Rand.. Rand..
Ron: Randwell ?
Sonia: That's it, could not believe he would catch the ball
Ron: Yes, it was quite unexpectated. I see you became a real baseball fan !
Sonia: Because of you, Ron
Ron: Nice from you, Sonia ;0
Summary: Sonia and Ron watched Ron's favorite baseball team play a match yesterday. Ron did not expect Sonia to watch as she's not a baseball fan. Sonia was herself surprised to enjoy the game so much. Sonia considers it to be Ron's influence.
Dialogue: Jaxon: man, that was fucked up
Taylor: yea I know
Jaxon: the worst game of the season
Taylor: don’t say that cuz it may get worse
Jaxon: then we’ll in 2nd league, im telling ya
Taylor: loool that would be a disaster
Jaxon: most of the guys say they wont be going to the games anymore in such case
Taylor: idiots -_-
Jaxon: im close to that as well, its impossible to watch
Taylor: dude, I wont have anyone to go with, dont be one of them!!
Jaxon: idk, im losing my patience
Taylor: itll be fine, when Mendez comes back
Jaxon: bullshit, they keep saying that, one player wont rescue the whole team
Taylor: youre probably right, yes
Jaxon: next season im out, unless they actually start playing
Taylor: :not cool ;/
Summary: Jaxon is very disappointed with the play the team he supported. He wants to quit going to the games. Taylor is more hopeful.
Dialogue: Agnes: i have to stay longer at work
Agnes: im sorry
Sandra: no problem
Summary: Agnes has to stay longer at work.
Dialogue: Jerry: What do you call a three-mast ship?
Kurt: No idea. A schooner maybe? Or a frigate?
Jerry: Isn't a frigate bigger than a schooner though?
Julius: If I remember correctly, the name doesn't depend on the number of masts but on the type of sails. What do you need it for, a crossword?
Jerry: No, we're on holidays in Cornwall, we've just seen a ship and now we're arguing what type of ship it was ;)
Julius: Oh, okay. Sorry, I can't help you without knowing more details. Better yet, take a pic and send it to me. 
Summary: Jerry has seen a three-mast ship on holidays and wonders what that kind of ship is called. Julius and Kurt try to answer his question, but are not sure of the correct name. 
Dialogue: Martha: Wanna join me for the new Spiderman
Mary: nah, not for me
Jeff: Sure, I love it
Zac: me too
Martha: ok, I'll check where they play it and will let you know
Summary: Zac and Jeff would like to go for the new Spiderman with Martha. Mary is not keen on joining them.
Dialogue: Dalton: It's Lori's bday next week.
Axton: yea i know
Brand: me 2
Dalton: ideas for gift?
Axton: shopping voucher d be best 
Brand: dont care. agree 4 all as long not 2 expens
Dalton: voucher kinda unoriginal. how bout sth from this page <file_other>
Brand: shite looks good but not cheap
Axton: how many ppl chip in
Axton: ?
Dalton: 6 or 7 i reckon
Summary: Dalton, Axton and Brand plan to buy a birthday gift for Lori.
Dialogue: Janne: Im feeling sick
Janne: After yesterdays party
Steve: Me too 
Steve: 🤒 🤕
Vaughn: You guys are weak af
Janne: Im serious! 
Janne: 😡
Summary: Janne and Steve are feeling unwell after a party. 
Dialogue: Maria: <file_photo>
Natalia: Looking good! I wish I was there I love the smell of garlic...
Maria : It was so crispy!
Maria: I was about to send you texts.
Maria: Today at 3 30 on skype?
Natalia: Haha really? 
Maria: Yes like garlic snack but it was okay. 
Natalia: Yes, but I might be late 15 mins... Cause we're running a bit late today :((
Natalia: 3:40 should be fine. :))
Maria: No worries! Let's talk more there.
Summary: Natalia and Maria will talk on Skype at 3:40 today.
Dialogue: Henry: Live long and prosper, my nerdy friends! Lately I've been trying to declutter my room and found some (aka a ton of) books that I have read and no longer need. Would any of you be interested in having them? Here's the list --> <file_other>
Gertie: omg you have so many great books! @_@
Barb: Yeah, have you ever been to his room? He's got gazillion of them.
Gertie: I happen to have had the privilege, but I haven't noticed all of those titles from the list.
Leonard: I'd be interested in the Ender series. Btw what do you want for them?
Barb: I was about to ask the same question
Henry: Excellent question my fellow bookworm! There are in fact two options available to you: 1. you can take them absolutely for free without any compensation whatsoever or 2. if the need to give something in return is occupying your thoughts to the point of being unbearable, I will welcome any amount of Oreos.
Gertie: xD
Leonard: Ok, so I'm calling dibs on the Ender saga and you can expect a pack of Oreos real soon.
Bruce: oh, man, that's some collection, you've got.
Barb: I'd take all the LeGuins.
Barb: With Oreos as a thank you ;)
Gertie: I'd be happy to give all of Zelazny's books a new home ^^
Warren: You people have beaten me to a lot of good stuff :(
Gertie: You should just scroll fb all the time instead of having a life, then you'd see this conversation in time :P
Bruce: The Bane trilogy for me, pls. You'd be drowning in cookies man :P
Warren: Then I'm calling dibs on: - the shadow of the Hegemon and man in the high castle
Henry: Duly noted, my friends.
Summary: Henry is letting go of his books in return for some oreos.
Dialogue: Mark: Are you coming down for dinner?
Laura: Yes, dad. Just stop texting me!
Mark: LOL
Summary: Laura is coming down for dinner and wants her dad to stop texting her. 
Dialogue: Lily: Good morning!
Mark: Hello! 
Mark: Did you sleep well?
Lily: Yes, thank you. And you?
Mark: As well. What are you doing now?
Lily: oh, you know. Waking up and getting up slowly. Slow sunday mood. 
Mark: I brought some Columbian coffee form my last trip. Would like to try it?
Lily: Sure! 
Lily: Would you like to come over?
Mark: With pleasure. Let me just walk the dog and I'll be at your place in an hour?
Lily: Why don't you take your dog with you?
Mark: Okey, so expect us both in an hour :)
Lily: See you then! 
Summary: Lily's waking up and getting up and Mark invites her for a coffee he brought from Colombia. Lily will come to Mark's place with her dog in an hour.
Dialogue: Rodger: What was that yesterday?
Ronald: What do you mean?
Rodger: You left the meeting without saying a word...
Ronald: Boss just annoyed me
Rodger: he was angry as well
Rodger: you know he disapproves of behaviour like that
Ronald: what should I do then?
Rodger: Your best bet is to apologize him.
Ronald: well...
Ronald: if that's the only option... okay, but in my opinion it won't change anything
Rodger: it will, I know him better than you.
Rodger: He appreciates it when an employee understands he did the wrong thing.
Ronald: are you sure?
Rodger: Yep, trust me
Ronald: so I'll go to work as usual and I'll express regret
Ronald: I hope it's enough, is it?
Rodger: I'm pretty sure.
Rodger: but don't do it again, next time things may get more serious.
Ronald: okay okay... lesson learned
Summary: Ronald left the meeting yesterday because his boss annoyed him. Ronald will apologize to the boss. 
Dialogue: Tom: Could I eat your yogurt?
Brian: Do you have to?
Tom: It's past the expiration date!
Brian: If so, you even should eat it!
Tom: I thought so. Thanks!
Brian: Enjoy!
Summary: Brian allows Tom to eat his expired yogurt.
Dialogue: Peter: Andrea switched on the heating! I am shocked!
Harry: <file_gif>
Peter: HAHAHA
Harry: I like her. It will be my new "surprised" gif
Peter: was exactly my reaction! 
Harry: haha, you see?!
Peter: who is she?
Harry: Dunno
Peter: Just a random woman?
Harry: I think so
Peter: Funny!
Summary: Andrea switched on the heating. Peter is surprised.
Dialogue: Marie: <file_photo>
Bruce: No, it's not this one!
Marie: <file_photo>
Bruce: It should have a pinkish ribbon on the package!
Marie: Srsly Bruce I cannot spend the whole afternoon looking for your favourite pasta
Bruce: Pls Marie, try to find it!
Summary: Bruce's favourite pasta has a pink ribbon on the package.
Dialogue: Rick: One girl asked my number just now
Morty: Seriously? o_O
Rick: Yea you know im handsome😀😀
Morty: You moron !!!!!
Morty: Just be careful what if she need your kidney or heart?
Rick: ....do you really think so?
Morty: Isn't it suspicious? 
Morty: Somebody like you might have looked an easy target oOoOoO
Rick: You are making me scared!!!!!°o°
Morty: Was she pretty? 
Morty: Or did she have some kinda wierd accents?
Morty: Maybe she is korean-chinese involved with kinda Mafia●～*●～*
Rick: I'd better not to contact her then
Morty: Your organs are more important than suspicious girl on the road, right?
Summary: A girl asked Rick for his number. Morty is worried that she has some bad intentions.
Dialogue: Tracy: I am really looking forward to June
Jeff: to the Sicily trip?
Tracy: Yes, the only thing keeping me alive in this moment
Marry: also for me, this project is killing me
Andrea: when is the deadline?
Marry: 6 of May
Andrea: gosh, must be hard
Marry: it is
Summary: Tracy and Marry can't wait to go to Sicily in June. The project's deadline is on 6th May. Tracy and Marry are stressed out.
Dialogue: Samuel: :/
Samuel: another one
Ryan: student?
Samuel: yeah :/
Ryan: depression again?
Samuel: no, i mean not diagnosed yet
Samuel: she came to me asking for advice on what to do because she feels really bad
Ryan: did you send her somewhere?
Samuel: yeah i mean she said she's going to a psychologist and she wants to go to a shrink
Ryan: and she came to you?
Samuel: yeah
Ryan: wow they do trust you
Samuel: apparently. I told her she should maybe consider some therapy and not a shrink
Ryan: probably good idea
Samuel: i guess so. it's just so depressing they are so weak and can't cope 
Ryan: yeah lucky they have you
Samuel: at least that's something
Ryan: that's a lot, really!
Summary: Samuel is worried about bad mental condition among students. He advised the student that came to him to go to a therapy instead of psychiatrist.
Dialogue: Richard: I'm thinking seriously about moving back up to Byron next year
Susan: (y) yay!
Richard: I'm over Sydney
Susan: Something to think about. Seriously
Susan: When you coming up for a visit?
Richard: I'm going to try for 1st week in December. Atm I'm getting flogged with work
Susan: 1st week December ok, but we are back in Sydney for the following weekend ie the 8/9th December, so don't come then
Richard: Ok. Won't know definitely until the Dec roster comes out. And I have a second job between Nov and Feb so things are pretty crammed but we've got a few newbies on atm so if I can't find wiggle room I'll just get sick for a week ;)
Susan: 2nd job? Sounds busy
Richard: I did it the last two years over Xmas. 
Susan: Doing?
Richard: My girlfriend does massive Xmas decoration installs. I drive the cherry picker and knock things over
Susan: lol
Susan: you funny :))
Summary: Richard is thinking about moving back to Byron next year. Richard wants to visit 1st week of December but Susan asks him to pick a different date. Richard is busy with two jobs.
Dialogue: Russ: Audrey, I need help
Audrey: What's wrong?
Russ: I feel really depressed.
Audrey: Let's meet up today and talk. I'll call you in an hour.
Russ: Ok, thanks :)
Summary: Russ is depressed. Russ and Audrey will meet today and talk.
Dialogue: John: Have you landed?
Amanda: Yes, we arrived yesterday! I think you misunderstood when we were supposed to arrive
John: it's possible
John: where are you staying?
Sally: we're in Bridgetown
Ridge: why?! I thought you wanted some calm, remote place
Sally: yes, but I made a mistake when booking, so we can stay here or move somewhere else, we're not sure yet
Sally: and you? where are you?
Amanda: the place is called Apple Hall, it's South-East, so the other side of the island
Sally: I see. Any plans for tomorrow?
John: we're planning to go to Bottom Bay, it's very close to our place and extremely beautiful
Sally: is it a beach?
John: yes, it's magical, the only downside is the strong currents
Sally: ok, we just want to lay on a beach, so we may join you
Amanda: just great!
Summary: Amanda arrived yesterday. By mistake Sally booked a place in Bridgetown. Amanda stays at Apple Hall on the other side of the island. Tomorrow John will go to Bottom Bay. Sally considers joining. 
Dialogue: Josh: Hi, s’up?
Trish: Hi, not much, u?
Josh: Well, been at this concert, just coming back.
Trish: What concert?
Josh: Acid Monkeys :)
Trish: Never heard of them.
Josh: No wonder. New band in town. 
Trish: So what do they play?
Josh: A mix of jazz, hip hop and hard rock.
Trish: Jeez, rly?
Josh: Yup. 
Trish: And ppl listen to that?
Josh: Sure! The house was booming!
Josh: Here’s a link <file_other>.
Trish: Thanks. Will listen.
Josh: BRB
Trish: Sure.
Summary: Josh has been to a concert of Acid Monkeys. Trish doesn't know them so he sent her a link to listen to. 
Dialogue: John: hey madam Lucy
Lucy: hey
John: got youre number from the departmental secretaries and was wondering if you updated my CAT marks in the system
Lucy: remind me your registration number?
John: DBITNRB229916
Lucy: yes, i remember your case, but i told you to talk with the HOD first about your class attendance record
John: Yes i explained myself to him
Lucy: then?
John: he said it was okay
Lucy: ill have to confirm that with him on Monday
John: okay the, but i'll look for you at the staff lounge in the course of this week just to seek clarification about the CAT marks
Lucy: okay then
John: thanks Lucy
Lucy: you're welcome John
Summary: John wants to know if his CAT marks are updated. Lucy needs to consult it with the HOD on Monday. John will look for Lucy at the staff lounge this week to deal with the issue.
Dialogue: Pete: And? Did you meet?
Frank: Yes, we've met.
Pete: Great! How was it?
Frank: Let me put it this way, I don't kiss and tell:=)
Summary: Frank has kissed someone.
Dialogue: Claudia: Do you have House of Cards DVD by any chance?
David: I might, one moment
Eddie: sorry, I don't
David: I do
David: I'll bring it to school
Claudia: thanks a lot
David: no probs
Summary: Claudia will borrow House of Cards DVD from David. He will bring it to the school.
Dialogue: Greta: <file_photo>
Greta: It's from a Mleczko's gallery 
Greta: I've just spent a fortune for two tickets to the theatre. One more great Christmas gift.
Linda: Do you have the opportunity to go for a quick coffee wright now?
Greta: Might be possible...
Greta: Let me check my schedule. 
Linda: O schedule, pardon me ;)
Greta: Oh don't be so touchy, let's meet on the corner in 15 minutes darling
Linda: new it, kiss
Summary: Greta has just bought two expensive tickets to the theatre as a Christmas gift. Greta will see Linda for a coffee on the corner in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Austin: Where are you?
Ashley: Zara
Austin: Where is it?
Ashley: Second floor
Austin: OK, I'm there, where now?
Ashley: Do you see the pharmacy?
Austin: No, there's a pharmacy by there?
Ashley: Yes, on your right
Austin: OK, now I see the pharmacy, but I don't see you
Ashley: I've told you I'm in Zara
Austin: So where is this ***** Zara?
Ashley: When you see the pharmacy, it is 2 shops behind
Austin: OK, now I see 
Summary: Ashley and Austin are looking for each other in a shopping mall. 
Dialogue: Max: I'm so sorry Lucas. I don't know what got into me.
Lucas: .......
Lucas: I don't know either.
Mason: that was really fucked up Max
Max: I know. I'm so sorry :(.
Lucas: I don't know, man.
Mason: what were you thinking??
Max: I wasn't.
Mason: yea
Max: Can we please meet and talk this through? Please.
Lucas: Ok. I'll think about it and let you know.
Max: Thanks...
Summary: Max wants to talk through the embarrassing he did with Lucas and Mason.
Dialogue: Mary: I can't find my key
Tom: oh, sorry, I have it
Ed: go to my room and take mine for now
Mary: ok, thanks
Summary: Tom has Mary's keys. Mary will take Ed's keys.
Dialogue: Lola: I can't find Jacob, is he at yours?
Marie: No, but I saw him walk by.
Lola: Ah, must be at the park. Thanks!
Marie: NP
Summary: Marie has seen Jacob walk by so he must be at the park.
Dialogue: Jonah: Have you gone to the museum?
Terry: Yes, we did
Jonah: How did you like it?
Terry: very much actually
Jonah: did you see the exhibition about the Yugoslav architecture?
Terry: we did and we really like it
Jonah: I'm happy to read that
Terry: thanks for the tickets
Jonah: my pleasure 
Summary: Jonah got Terry and his company the tickets to the museum. They liked it very much.
Dialogue: Anna: Hi! How are you doing?
Herbert: Hi! I'm fine, what about you?
Tomasz: Me too... just a regular day.
Anna: I'm ok :) Just wanted to say hi. Have a nice day :)
Tomasz: Ok, you too! Cheers
Herbert: See you guys :)
Summary: Anna says hi to Herbert and Tomasz.
Dialogue: Karl: I'm in the office and the power is out. What do I do about the servers?
Skye: You will need to first call the power company. Do you have the outage report number and our account number?
Karl: Yes, I did that already.
Skye: Great, so what did they say the eta was?
Karl: It's going to be a while as the storm is still going on. Takes forever to get a crew out.
Skye: Okay, so we need to shut down the servers in sequence so that they don't get damaged when their backups fail.
Karl: Right.
Skye: Over the rack station, there is a pink sheet with Shutdown Procedure at the top. Can you find that?
Karl: Yes, I have it.
Skye: We just need to follow that to the letter. What is the first step?
Karl: Well, to call the power company and determine that we need to shut down is the first set of five steps, so I guess we're on six?
Skye: Yes. Go on?
Karl: First, I shut down the domain server. 
Skye: That's the one in rack space ten. Do you see it?
Karl: Yes. I'll shut down now. Can I just follow the rest of the steps?
Skye: Yes, each should be properly labeled with full instructions. Call me if you get stuck.
Karl: Okay, thanks!
Skye: Let me know when you're done so I don't worry!
Karl: I will, sure!
Skye: And if you need moral support, I'm here. I'm not going anywhere in this storm.
Karl: I think I'm stuck here myself, but we'll see!
Skye: Be safe and good luck!
Karl: Thanks!
Summary: There is a storm and Karl and Skye's office is experiencing a power outage. Karl is in the office and he's already filed a report to the power company. Now Karl is following the official instructions to shut down the servers in order to prevent their damage.
Dialogue: Hunter: Do you have classes with Agatha Meir?
Leslie: Yes :)
Peter: She's cool
Peter: Why?
Hunter: I'm starting a course tomorrow and I don't know what to expect
Leslie: It will be fun!
Leslie: She's entertaining
Peter: In my humble opinion she's one of the best teachers in our school
Hunter: Is she demanding?
Leslie: Yes
Leslie: But you will want to learn
Peter: True
Peter: I never thought I would enjoy mathematics... 
Summary: Leslie has classes with Agatha Meir. Hunter is starting a course tomorrow. The teacher is demanding.
Dialogue: Paula: Hey girls
Paula: How are you these days?
Pam: Hi, I'm good. And you?
Sue: Hi Paula
Sue: I'm doing ok
Sue: a little bit overwhelmed, but ok
Paula: I'm ok heath-wise
Paula: But had a number of other incidents
Paula: To be discussed when I see both of you
Pam: The sooner the better
Sue: I agree
Paula: :)
Summary: Pam and Sue are doing well. Paula is healthy but had some incidents that she wants to discuss with them.
Dialogue: Kay: any word from Lucy?
Ken: not yet
Stacy: there's no signal there
Kay: I hope she's ok...
Summary: Lucy doesn't answer her phone.
Dialogue: Emma: What food did he order at the restaurant?
William: Nothing, He just came to meet someone
Emma: Whom?
William: Owner of the restaurant is his childhood friend  I guess
Emma: Wow
William: Yea that oldie is Jakies Friend
Emma: would ask him about Hugh tomorrow :D
Summary: Hugh came to the restaurant to meet the owner - his childhood friend. Emma wants to ask him about Hugh tomorrow.
Dialogue: Marilyn: Do you know any sad songs?
Suzy: Are you okay, darling?
Marilyn: I am, I just need some background music for a slideshow I'm working on :)
Annabel: And it has to be sad?
Marilyn: Yeah, it's a presentation about dog shelters. I thought the sadder the music, the more my photos will move the audience. And as a result, more animals could get adopted.
Suzy: Did you take all the photos yourself? I think my heart would break.
Marilyn: I know, right? After an hour there I wanted to adopt all those puppies myself ;( 
Annabel: If only I didn't already have a dog...
Marilyn: You could get a second one :P I'm sure Loki would love to have a brother or a sister.
Annabel: I doubt it, he's usually so jealous if I even try to pet a strange dog.
Suzy: Okay, what about this song? <file_other>
Annabel: Or maybe this one? <file_other>
Suzy: Look, I found a whole playlist: <file_other> And I'm almost crying after listening to just the first two of these :P
Marilyn: WOW, they're really great. Quite depressing but beautiful too. I knew the first one, but the other ones are completely new to me. Give me a couple of minutes, I need to listen through Suzy's list. It's going to be a difficult choice.
Summary: Marilyn needs sad and moving music for her presentation with photos of shelter dogs, she has taken. Marylin hopes more dogs will get adopted this way. Annabel already has a dog and can't adopt another. Suzy and Annabel send Marilyn links to sad songs. 
Dialogue: Jude: what is the address to pick up the sofa please?
Sue: hi, yes 36 Birchwood Fields GL4 OAP
Jude: we will be there at 7
Sue: thats great do you have someone with you to carry it as my husband is not home until later
Jude: no problem my brother is with me, see you at 7
Sue: ok see you then thanks
Summary: The address for Jude to pick up a sofa is 36 Birchwood Fields GL4 OAP. He and his brother will be there at 7.
Dialogue: Dias: I've found a nice place. Look: <file_other>
Wolf: Not bad. How about this one? <file_other>
Dias: It looks too nice to be so cheap.I'll check google maps.
Dias: It's miles away from everywhere. And right in the middle of the city. No good.
Wolf: But excellent public transport. And it's so close to the airport. Just to sleep over the jet lag.
Wolf: They even offer free airport transfer.
Dias: So let's make it 3 nights only.
Wolf: OK. Makes sense. Shall I book it then?
Dias: Please do.
Summary: Wolf and Dias are going to spend 3 nights at an accommodation which is nice, cheap and includes free airport transfer.
Dialogue: Jasna: What your children are doing?
Bojana: David is crying instantly.
Jasna: And Damir?
Bojana: He is working some drawing.
Jasna: He like to drawing?
Bojana: Yes, he like drawing very much.
Jasna: What he like to draw?
Bojana: Automobiles, he is crazy for automobiles.
Jasna: Good.
Bojana: Sometimes, he draw our family.
Jasna: Aha.
Bojana: Sometime he draw me, width a hair and glasses.
Jasna: Good, children are growing.    
Summary: Bojana's son David cries all the time and the other son Damir likes drawing automobiles and his family.
Dialogue: Sam: I have a real writers block with these dialogues.
Warren: Yeah. They're not easy.
Sam: Maybe not so much that they're hard, cause they're not.
Sam: But having to think up 50 dialogues per week is difficult.
Sam: I mean how many times can you think up new situations before you start repeating yourself?
Warren: True. I kinda ran out of ideas after the 7th one.
Sam: My ones just keep on getting more and bizarre.
Warren: Maybe that's what they expect you to do.
Sam: write bizarre dialogues or repeat myself?
Warren: Both I guess.
Warren: The brief didn't really specify other than 'everyday dialogues' whatever that's supposed to mean.
Sam: But 'every day conversation' is going to be different for everyone.
Sam: It would depend on their background, age, life situation etc.
Warren: Maybe you're overthinking it...
Sam: Probably.
Sam: People keep on saying that I overthink everything.
Sam: But I think what they really mean is that they don't think and don't like if someone else does it.
Warren: LOL... Like I said you're overthinking!
Sam: You're probably right. Better get back to writing. Only have another 5 to go for this week's quota.
Warren: Good luck! :-)
Summary: Sam and Warren find it difficult to write 50 dialogues per week.
Dialogue: Elliott: I'm so stressed before this stupid exam
Elliott: <file_gif>
Aurora: calm down
Aurora: everything will be fine
Elliott: it's easy to say for you
Elliott: you are Palmerston's favourite student :P
Aurora: that's so untrue :P
Elliott: <file_gif>
Aurora: but anyway, if you want we could study together a bit
Aurora: there is still some time left
Elliott: that would be awesome, what about tomorrow?
Aurora: I could come around 5 p.m.
Summary: Elliott is stressed before the exam and even though Aurora calms him down saying he's Palmerston's favourite student, he'd like to study with her tomorrow at around 5 p.m.
Dialogue: John: you there yet ?
Dave: where ?
John: don't do this to me now please.......
Dave: what are you even talking about ?
John: didn't i tell you to get my laundry today ?
John: didn't know you were this careless......
Dave: sorry dude, on my way
John: thanks........ i guess
Summary: Dave was supposed to get John's laundry today.
Dialogue: Memphis: have you heard working me by quavo?
Gigi: not yet, but i know quavo had a new song, how is it?
Memphis: dope, look for it
Gigi: i will when i get to the WiFi
Memphis: you're not at home 
Gigi: yeah, i'm in town
Memphis: OK then, look for the song 
Gigi: i will
Summary: Gigi wants Memphis to listen to Quavo's new song.
Dialogue: Ian: We partying tonight? 
Morris: Idk 
Morris: I am sleepy
Ian: Come on
Morris: going to sleep bye bro
Summary: Morris is tired and is going to sleep now instead of partying. 
Dialogue: Jake: I need answers
Finn: To what?
Jake: Where’s my 1l bottle of vodka xD
Finn: you drank it ON YOUR OWN
Jake: What it’s impossible xD
Finn: throwin up like 2 times, maybe that’s how
Jake: LOL
Summary: Finn reminds Jake he drank all of his vodka.
Dialogue: Karen: Film recommendations needed ASAP!!
Anne: What kind?
Karen: Dunno, I'm sitting with my BF and we cannot decide...
Charles: I watch only series, can recommend you a few.
Karen: Thanks but we don't want to spend a few days in front of the TV :D
Charles: hahahaha ok
Karen: Maybe a comedy?
Anne: I suck at comedies. Ask me about a good drama, I'll be able to help...
Summary: Karen needs film recommendations ASAP. Charles watches series only. Anne sucks at comedies but will help with a good drama.
Dialogue: Maya: You comin to college today?
Jose: Nah I am sick
Maya: Ok, I will inform the teacher
Summary: Jose isn't coming to college today because he's sick. 
Dialogue: Bernie: Hey, have we agreed on the place yet? And who brings what?
Claudia: Good question ;) I'm gonna buy everything when I'm in Warsaw
Bernie: Sure, don't carry too much
Agnes: Place - my appartment, 6 pm
Agnes: Claudia, I'm cooking so no need to buy anything! Just show up! :)
Maya: I'm gonna get some wine ;)
Alice: I'm getting some red wine too!
Maya: <file_gif>
Bernie: Should I get some dessert then?
Kenny: I'm helping to cook #powercouple
Agnes: <3
Anna: Me and hubby are getting some wine then
Agnes: Thanks!
Summary: Bernie, Claudia, Maya, Alice and Anna are meeting at Kenny's and Agnes place for a dinner at 6 pm. Agnes is cooking. Maya, Alice and Anna will get some wine.
Dialogue: Marciano: I think Dave is gonna break up with Tina
Ciara: no shit
Ciara: everyone knows that
Lenny: nah he's just talking
Lenny: he is always complaining about her but they will go Ross and Rachel till the end of time
Ciara: no this is different this time
Marciano: he asked me if he could crash at my apartment at the beginning of next month
Lenny: when he tries to break up she cries, they have sex and two days later everything goes back to normal
Ciara: I think there's some girl he wants to date now
Marciano: he didn't tell me anything about that
Lenny: Ciara, how do you know that?
Ciara: facebook, he started to go to the events he has never been interested in
Ciara: pottery classes and such
Marciano: god he's always turning into his gf's clone
Lenny: if that's true then he must have been cheating on Tina
Lenny: he cannot stand being alone
Ciara: that's why it's serious this time
Marciano: should we say sth to Tina?
Lenny: all we got are hunches it's not enough to call him a cheater
Ciara: I don't want to be involved in drama
Ciara: once I told one girl to dump her assholish bf and it got nasty
Lenny: she's so into him she won't believe you
Marciano: I'll feel bad if I won't say anything
Ciara: it's up to you man
Lenny: I think if you tell her just facts without implying anything she may later on connect the dots
Marciano: but maybe it will make her even more controlling and insecure?
Marciano: fuck being a good person is tough
Lenny: you're overthinking everything
Lenny: just tell her what you know for sure and if she'll get upset comfort her
Ciara: sounds like good advice tbh
Summary: Dave will stay at Marciano's house at the beginning of the next month. Dave started going to events like pottery classes. Marciano is going to tell Tina about Dave.
Dialogue: Rose: I wanter to invite all of you to our wedding in May.
Juan: Congrats!
Vincent: Great!
Anne: Congrats Rose!
Rose: of course, you will get your cute invitations but I wanted you to reserve the dates
Rose: 22 of May
Anne: Great, I think everybody will be there. We're so happy for you!
Rose: Thanks guys!
Summary: Rose invites Juan, Vincent and Anne to their wedding on May, 22nd. 
Dialogue: Julie: we can take you on the way there
Julie: we have a free seat in our car
Lenny: thank you Julie but Luke is already picking me up ;)
Lenny: we will meet at the church
Maya: Julieee can I ride with you please?
Maya: I think i won't be taking my car after all 
Julie: sure but we have only 1 free seat as i mentioned
Maya: it will only be me
Maya: Tom is going there early to help with the flowers and some other stuff
Julie: fine then, we will call before we leave the house
Maya: thank you sweetie! 
Summary: Julie is going to pick up Maya on the way to the church as Lenny is going with Luke.
Dialogue: Dominic: Hello, what's up?
Adam: Not much
Dominic: Any plans for the weekend?
Adam: No, but you've got my attention
Dominic: , have you ever been to a horse-race track before?
Adam: No. But I’ve always wanted to! Is this like a british thing only, or do we have events in Poland?  
Dominic: There’s an event on Sunday in Warsaw. Are you in? 
Adam: Sure I’m in. I’m excidted, but I don’t know anything about horse racing :D 
Dominic: Yeah, you gotta know, that you don’t really win at most of times. But beginner’s luck might be your great chance to win some money :P We’re meeting up at 2pm at the gates. 
Adam: Sounds good
Dominic: Don’t come late!
Adam: I'll be on time, buddy
Dominic: See you then! 
Summary: Dominic and Adam are going to attend a horse race in Warsaw. They will meet on Sunday at 2 pm at the gates. 
Dialogue: Dwight: hey
Dwight: cant beleive you bailed on christine, shes so sad and mad
Yorke: i know, but i'll need to explain what happened
Dwight: you better do it soon
Yorke: i will, life is so messed up right now
Dwight: why?
Yorke: i had to bail on her coz i had an emergency
Dwight: dont worry, im sure she will understand
Yorke: will she?
Dwight: yeah, she cares deep down
Yorke: okay then
Dwight: cool, talk to her
Yorke: i will
Summary: Yorke bailed on Christine due to an emergency. She is upset about it. Yorke will try to explain everything.
Dialogue: Damian: <file_photo>
Damian: Guess who's that guy next to me
Hubert: Fuck me!
Hubert: Where did you find Dwayne Johnson??!!
Damian: Haha! At the gym
Damian: But actually that's not dwayne himself. Just a perfect copy of him :D
Hubert: Dude, he looks like Dwayne himself
Damian: He does, imagine my surprise when I first saw him
Hubert: Let me know the next time you gonna go to the gym
Hubert: I'm goin' with you to see fuckin' Dwayne Johnson
Damian: Hahaha :D
Damian: Alright
Summary: Damian took a picture with Dwayne Johnson's doppelganger at the gym.
Dialogue: Patricia: <file_photo>
Patricia: is that the coffee place we are supposed to meet in?
Chloe: nooo, you need to walk a little bit more
Chloe: it has tables outside
Marika: I am already there, i can come out to meet you
Patricia: ok!! coming!!
Summary: Marika can come out and meet Patricia as she approaches the coffee place.
Dialogue: Ivan: What you want from mcdonalds? 
Karina: Just a straw. milkshake
Karina: and a junior chicken! 
Ivan: K 
Summary: Ivan will get Karina a strawberry milkshake and a junior chicken from McDonald's.
Dialogue: Jared: look what I've found!
Lilly: Yeeah?
Jared: <file_video>
Lilly: Ok, and?
Jared: And now compare it to this:
Jared: <file_video>
Lilly: Haha OMG, so similar!
Jared: Isn't it? I knew I've seen it before!
Lilly: Trueee, omg, you think they did it on purpose?
Jared: No idea. Maybe they don't know that, I mean, it's nothing popular
Lilly: Right, but still… if not then it's really a wow coincidence
Jared: Mhm. But you know, there are so many things that were already made up in this world…
Lilly: That you think it's possible that they could create something similar?
Jared: exactly.
Lilly: Can I send it to Jonathan? I think he'll love it!
Jared: Sure, do it. But tell him that I've found that haha
Lilly: Sure, I will xD
Jared: Gosh it's not easy to be an artist nowadays, everyone can find something on the internet and say that it was not your idea, even if it was
Lilly: Mhm, so it is! Much more struggles
Jared: Oh yes for sure and a lot of competition too
Summary: Jared found two similar looking videos. Lilly and Jared wonder if the similarity has been done on purpose. Lilly will send the videos to Jonathan.
Dialogue: William: Hi! I'm thrilled that were almost done this accounting course!
Daniel: Hey, I know eh? So many months...
Maddie: Hi! We still need to pass the exam. Have you guys reviewed yet?
William: Well you know how it is with my aptitude to procrastinate xD
Daniel: Will, I think we are all well aware of your capabilities lol
Maddie: I began reviewing this weekend.
Maddie: It seems that I'm missing notes from 2 classes.
Daniel: What dates?
Maddie: 7/11 & 26/11
Will: I've got 7/11, but I can't find 26/11.
Will:  <file_other> 
Maddie: Thanks Will!
Daniel: Guys, 26/11 we didn't have classes, Mrs. Davis was sick and she cancelled, remember?
Maddie: Oh you're right Daniel! So I have a complete set of notes now. :)
Daniel: Great, I think I need to start reviewing ASAP.
Daniel: Let's get these certificates and get it over with.
Summary: On 26th of October Mrs. Davis cancelled accounting course classes that William, Daniel, Maddie and Will are attending to.
Dialogue: Kate: Hi, when exactly are you coming back from Scotland?
Kate: Cause the last weekend of July is Audioriver and they say it's not the best date for a bachelor party...
Ann: Damn, we're coming back on the 23rd of July 
Ann: or maybe up to 2 days later, if it isn't windy enough...
Kate: :(
Ann: OK, if the last weekend of July isn't a good option, maybe the first weekend of August?
Ann: It's still two weekend to the wedding so it's rather safe
Kate: yeah, OK, that's a good thought
Ann: Most of the things are already done, so you won't have that much on your mind
Ann: And it would be a good idea for you to go somewhere and relax before the wedding.
Kate: OK, I'll look into it
Ann: Cause for you it absolutely has to be the same weekend as the bachelor party, right?
Kate: Yeah... 
Ann: OK, don't worry, we'll think of something!
Kate: Thank you. :*
Ann: Oh, come on, I'm just sorry that our cruise can screw some plans for you...
Ann: I was sure it was a safe distance from the wedding and we could go without causing any problems
Kate: Ann, it's not a problem :) Really.
Ann: OK, then, let me know what the guys say about the first weekend of August.
Kate: Will do :*
Summary: Kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party. July is not possible so she will check early August. 
Dialogue: Martin: Do fancy going for a run today?
Mark: Yes, what time?
Martin: 7pm?
Mark: That would be great, but I have only one hour.
Martin: Me too.
Mark: Great, see you at the usual place.
Martin: Yes mate.
Summary: Mark and Martin go for a run at 7 pm. at the usual place.
Dialogue: Nick: Hi sis, what are we doing with Christmas this year?
Ethel: present wise?
Nick: Yes
Ethel: I liked last year when we had a secret santa
Nick: Me too, should I ask mum and dad if they want to do that again?
Ethel: Sure
Nick: I'll do that. And how are you btw?
Ethel: Good, busy, as usual you know?
Nick: How's Tom?
Ethel: He's in Milan this week
Nick: Are you to doing okay?
Ethel: He's a bit stressed waiting for this big promotion but other than that it's all fine. How's Wilma?
Nick: She's... Wilma.
Ethel: Haha, I get it <3
Summary: Nick and Ethel had a secret Santa last Christmas. They are going to ask their parents to do the same this year. Tom is in Milan this week. He is stressed out, because he's awaiting a promotion.
Dialogue: Rose: <file_photo>
Delilah: glitter, glitter, glitter! :D
Rose: I bought it on Ali.
Delilah: You are a hybrid freak! You've got like 1000 of them! :D
Rose: It's not a hybrid nail polish! It's a regular one.
Delilah: No way!! It looks amazing! I would never think it's the regular one.
Delilah: I must have it too! What other colurs are there?
Rose: <file_other>
Delilah: Thanks!
Delilah: The blue one is pretty awesome.
Rose: I will buy the red one next.
Summary: Rose bought a beautiful nail polish on Ali.
Dialogue: Leon: Where are you planning to go for your next vacation 
Otto: I am thinking to go to Hawai
Leon: Why there?
Otto: It is a beautiful place to visit
Leon: You have relatives over there?
Otto: Not actually
Leon: Can I come along? :P
Otto: Will have to ask my father
Leon: Oh, Didnt know that he is also going
Otto: He would be driving the car, stupid
Leon: :/
Otto: Wbu?
Leon: I would be at home
Otto: Cool :/
Summary: Otto might be going to Hawaii for the next vacation. Leon will stay home. 
Dialogue: Heather: hey, did you hear who won that community award?
Paulina: yes, i'm not happy. she's a total fraud.
Heather: in know. probably the least deserving person
Summary: According to Heather and Paulina, the person who won the community award is a fraud.
Dialogue: Tenley: charger for ip pls
Woodrow: dont use that crap
Peak: yeah exactly samsung rulezz!!!
Summary: Tenley asks for an ip charger, Peak prefers Samsung.
Dialogue: Jenny: What about our project?
Kim: I forgot about it. Meet me tomorrow after school. We'll talk
Jenny: Ok, see u in the library.
Summary: Jenny and Kim will meet tomorrow after school in the library to talk about their project.
Dialogue: Martha: Hey Hun :*
Daniel: Hey to you too :*
Martha: I just got the sample invitations!
Daniel: That's so great!
Martha: Yeah, I know!
Daniel: How do they look?
Martha: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Daniel: They're a little different than on the site...
Martha: Yeah... but still gorgeous!
Daniel: If you say so... Which one do you like best?
Martha: You first.
Daniel: I'd have to see them irl.
Martha: Oh, c'mon. Tell me.
Daniel: Ok. I liked the second one on the site, but now I think the first one looks better. I still don't like the third one.
Martha: Y not?
Daniel: IDK. Just don't.
Martha: Well, what do you like about the first one then?
Daniel: I like the curves, the lines and the font. It's really nice to look at.
Martha: My bet would be the third one, but actually the first one is also nice.
Daniel: Y don't u like the second one?
Martha: I don't like the colours and it looks a little bit washed out, Don't you think?
Daniel: Hard to say based on the photo, but probably.
Martha: I'll ask my mom and you ask your parents and we'll talk about it irl 2nite?
Daniel: Sounds like a plan. Ur place or mine?
Martha: Mine. Come after work?
Daniel: Sure. I'll be there B4YKI.
Martha: Great! CU 2nite :*
Daniel: Bye Babe :*
Summary: Martha and Daniel are analyzing three sample invitations. They've decided to consult their choices with parents, and to make a decision tonight at Martha's place.
Dialogue: Lisa: Tom has just left. He'll be out for a few hours. Wanna come?
Sam: I'm coming right now! I'm gonna fuck you hard!
Lisa: My pussy is already wet!
Summary: Tom has left for a few hours, so Lisa invites Sam to come and have sex with her. Sam's coming right now. 
Dialogue: Jane: this has honestly been the worst breakup i've ever had :-(
Jane: thanks for theing there for me <3 
Stephanie: that's what friends are for
Stephanie: you should come out with me tonight for a ocuple of dirinks?
Stephanie: it'll be fun and maybe you'll meet a cute guy
Jane: lol i'm not sure i'm ready for that
Jane: but thanks for taking care of me
Jane: i appreciate i t a lot xoxo
Summary: It was the worst breakup for Jane. Stephanie wants to take Jane for drinks. Jane is not sure she is ready for that. Jane appreciates Stephanie's care.
Dialogue: Sarah: did you hear the record store on anderson rd is closing?
Vince: NO WAY!!!
Vince: REALLY?!??!?!
Sarah: yes, i'm on their mailing list and they just announced it
Sarah: they say business is bad and they can't afford the rent
Vince: that sucks
Vince: it's the only place in town where you can find punk and heavy metal vintage records
Sarah: the email said they're going to use kickfunder to raise funds to keep the store open
Vince: i doubt that'll work
Sarah: don't be such a pessimist!
Vince: you're right, let's hope for the best
Vince: online campaigns have worked in the past
Sarah: i hope this one does :-)
Sarah: it would be a shame is the store closes
Summary: The record store on Anderson Rd. is about to close. There will be a fundraiser to keep it open. 
Dialogue: Helen: Did you return the car.
Laura: Yes, I was so panicked
Rebecca: Me too
Helen: What did they say?
Rebecca: Actually nothing LOL
Laura: we had an elaborated plan that I was going to talk to the guy and Rebecca was supposed to pretend a horrible headache etc. just to divert his attention from the car
Rebecca: but they just sent a very young guy that was eating a sandwich and didn't even look at the car
Helen: so they didn't notice the scratches?
Laura: Not at all, I think they don't care as much as we thought
Rebecca: so went easy
Helen: But we still have to wait for the deposit
Rebecca: Yes, but we signed a document that everything was ok with the car at the moment we retuned it
Helen: great! I'm relieved
Rebecca: :)
Summary: Laura and Rebecca successfully returned the car even though it had some scratches. 
