Dialogue: Olga: Hey, guys, could you help? I’m sooo fed up with the food in the Humanities building. Is there a better place to go on campus
Rosemary: ehem not really but you can try Medical Sciences
Rosemary: They’re more aware of hygiene
Rosemary: And always have fresh meet ⚰️
Olga: LOOOL sounds tempting
Troy: Yeah, I guess they’re the best
Troy: I could actually go with you today?
Olga: Sure, I wanted to have lunch around noon
Troy: Splendid, let’s meet at 12:00 at the entrance to our building
Olga: Cool
Rosemary: Have a good time
Olga: We sure will
Summary: Olga is sick of the food in the Humanities building. Rosemary advises her to try Medical Sciences. Troy will go there for lunch with Olga. They'll meet at 12:00 at the entrance to their building.
Dialogue: Mary: Already after exams?
Adam: Not yet.
Adam: I'm still waiting for a physics exam.
Mary: What about the rest? 
Adam: I think it's ok
Adam: I'm just afraid if I have enough mathematics points.
Mary: I'm sure u will :*
Mary: Good luck!
Summary: Adam is waiting for physics exam, but he's already afraid he won't have enough math points.
Dialogue: Tim: hey there
John: Hey there, what's up?
John: How's life in Spain treating you?
Tim: Actually quite awesome :) Finally landed a decent job and was able to rent a proper apartment
Tim: And the weather is awesome here :)
John: yeah, I can imagine. It's abysmal here
Tim: that was one of the reason of me moving :)
Tim: but to the point - I'm actually coming to our hometown in a couple of weeks
Tim: And I was thinking about throwing a party for the whole gang
John: That's awesome! When will that be?
Tim: Not sure yet - probably the last week of May or the first week of June
Tim: Depends on my boss and the ticket prices - I will know for sure by the end of the week. I'm now just trying to find out a best date so that nobody is on vacation or something
John: Cool, that's really awesome. Everyone will be happy to see you - from what I know everyone will be here
John: Just set up an event on facebook - this will save you a ton of time
Tim: yeah, will do that - just saw you online and thought that I'll that to you first :)
John: I'm flattered :)
Tim: Okay, so I'll set up the event and make a group chat - see you there:)
John: yeah, see you! 
Summary: Tim lives in Spain. He will probably come to his hometown the last week of May or the first week of June. He wants to throw a party. In order to do that he will set up the event on Facebook and make a group chat.
Dialogue: Leisha: So, how are you
Zelda: Good, the first shower in 10 days, I’m in ecstasy xd
Leisha: Yea, me too, I spend there like half an hour straight ;p
Zelda: Me not that much, I wanted my bed too much ;d
Leisha: Eh it was tough, but so great!!
Zelda: Yes, now I know scouting is hardcore ;p
Leisha: Do you think you’re going for the next camp?
Zelda: I think so, yes, but now I just need to rest and do nothing for 3 days xp
Leisha: Me too! Good thing theres no school
Zelda: Yea that would kill us definitely, that’s why I’m concerned about the next one
Leisha: What do you mean?
Zelda: It’s in the winter and we will have classes right after coming back
Leisha: Well my parents will let me not to go, to rest
Zelda: Mine probably not ;/
Leisha: It sucks o.o But it’ll be cold, we’re not going to live in tents like this time???
Zelda: No, they always find some places, empty schools, government building or sth
Leisha: Creepy ;p
Summary: Zelda and Leisha came back from a scout camp. They had their first shower in 10 days. They would like to go for the next camp, but their parents probably won't let them. In winter scouts don't sleep in tents but in empty schools or government buildings etc.
Dialogue: Mattie: guys sorry for not hanging out lately, I'm broke :c
Will: chill dude we can buy u a drink or sth
Mattie: I had to pay a fortune for a dentist
Bill: that's shitty dude but don't worry we can meet up at my place for ex.
Will: no homo tho :D
Mattie: :D
Summary: Mattie is broke as he had to pay a lot for the dentist.
Dialogue: Dan: Write me as soon as you land.
Grace: I will, don't worry.
Dan: Kisses.
Grace: :*
Summary: Grace will text Dan when she lands.
Dialogue: Josh: I'm inviting you for dinner
Don: Today?
Josh: Yes! I have great news that I wanted to share with you :-)
Don: Exciting. Can't wait!
Summary: Josh invites Don for dinner. He will announce great news.
Dialogue: Paul: I think we need to talk.
Kate: huh?
Paul: Martin told me what you've been telling him.
Kate: About what?
Paul: You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Kate: No I don't
Kate: But maybe it's better to meet and not do this on messenger?
Paul: lol, do you DO know!
Kate: ...
Kate: You're so immature
Paul: okey then, let's meet
Kate: As you wish
Paul: I'll swing bu at 8 tonight
Kate: can't tonight
Paul: are you kidding? 
Kate: OK, I'll figure sth out.
Paul: see ya
Summary: Pete and Kate are meeting tonight to talk.
Dialogue: Edward: U have a nice trip back to Turin
Valerie: Thanks. It turned out our return tickets weren't valid anymore and we had to buy new ones... that's why we stayed a little in Bologna and now we're going to turin through milan
Edward: Ok.I'm going back to Amsterdam
Valerie: When?
Edward: Next month
Valerie: Nice. It's nice the things go like you want it :)
Edward: I should get my documents ready
Valerie: :)
Summary: Valerie had to stay longer in Bologna because of invalid tickets. Now she is going back to Turin through Milan. Edward is going back to Amsterdam next month.
Dialogue: Hazel: Hello Brad. That's insane, we havent seen each other at all haha perhaps today well be able to catch up 8-)
Brad: Yo Hazel. Sad indeed :) yesterday i went to the cinema and around the block, and today I'm visiting my parents.
Hazel: Life
Brad: I'm coming back on Sunday. We'll catch up next week ;) how was your yesterday?
Hazel: yesterday was OK. It turned out the show is only for the association memebers wtf? today im going to that studio to take some photos. I also got this job in theatre. your parents are cool. 
Brad: Wow you got that! Applause!!! so our tete-a-tete not earlier than on Sunday :)
Hazel: Yep, cool. Do you have by any chance a clothes horse?
Brad: Yeah, behind the closet.
Hazel: Got it, thanks 🙏 I have a shy question.... :P Could - I - take - some - honey? :)))) haha
Brad: Oh Haze, of course you can :) what kind of q is that? take anything you find, olive oil etc.
Hazel: Awesome, thanks :P
Brad: Are you OK? :D
Hazel: I'm great, working
Brad: <file_photo>
Hazel: Flowers after the premiere plz :D :D :D
Brad: hahaha
Hazel: btw how does it work with cleaning the house? I can do it, do you have a vaccum cleaner?
Brad: no need
Hazel: but the floor is calling us
Brad: I will do it, or is it your relaxation thing? :) then I won't stop you
Hazel: Could be
Brad: mop is outside
Hazel: good, what about a vaccum, brush etc?
Brad: But i vaccumed 2 days ago haha
Summary: Brad is visiting his parents today and cannot meet with Hazel. She has got a job in the theatre and is going to the studio today to take some photos. Brad lets her use whatever she needs in his place. She is also going to do some cleaning.
Dialogue: Tom: Any news on Jessie?
Chris: Nope, he’s still off the radar.
Tom: Maybe he decided to cut off from you, guys?
Chris: Well, maybe, he’d say a few times he was tired of our  silly jokes…
Tom: Oh, c’mon, silly jokes is no reason to be silent for almost a week…
Chris: You know him. He’s kind a stubborn guy. I think we’ve got to just wait.
Tom: Yeah, I think it’s the only solution as for now.
Chris: Kinda. Will keep you posted.
Tom: OK, take care then.
Chris: You too, bro.
Summary: Tom and Chris haven't heard from Jessie for almost a week. They suspect this is because of their jokes. They are going to wait.
Dialogue: Walter: hey mate, can i borrow your driller? I need to hang some pictures
Simon: sure, when do you need it?
Walter: how about know? Are you home?
Simon: no... just got to the gym, but Julie should be home, call her and she will give it to you
Walter: ok i will, thanks! I will bring it back with some beers along!
Simon: haha, no need bro - good luck :)
Summary: Walter wants to borrow a drill from Simon. Simon is at the gym, Julie is at home. 
Dialogue: Ava: I've had enough of Tinder.
Tracy: For today? 
Ava: don't know.. 
Ava: Either they're good looking and have nothing to say, not even a short description, nada! or they're ugly, but interessting... 
Tracy: 8D
Tracy: Poor you! ;)
Ava: I'm serious! 
Ava: Oh, let's talk about something else!
Tracy: And what about that guy you met Thursday?
Ava: Tracy, please, I've really got enough. Anyway, he was okey, quite handsome, nice, but I'm 99% sure he doesn't know what he wants. 
Tracy: I get it. Pity, he seemed fine.
Ava: Thought so too! 
Ava: But I think he has too many problems with himself. 
Ava: He's got to sort that out first.
Tracy: yeah, I know what you're talking about. 
Tracy: It's not easy to find someone on Tinder. Nor in real life. 
Summary: Ava is fed up with Tinder. The guy Ava met on Thursday was fine, but he did not know what he wanted and seemed to have issues.
Dialogue: Pamela: Do you have a minute?
Meg: Yes, tell me
Pamela: Quite frankly, I'd like you to know I'm not pleased with what you did yesterday
Meg: Oh no, is it still about John?
Pamela: Yes it is
Meg: Oh, come on...
Pamela: You should feel ashamed!
Meg: Well... I really have to go, sorry
Pamela: Yeah, so predictable
Summary: Pamela isn't pleased with what Meg did yesterday with John.
Dialogue: Tom: we're going tomorrow to Mount Karthala tomorrow
Patricia: Anybody wants to join us?
Jenny: how long are you going to stay there?
Tom: the standard overnight camping on the slopes
Lucy: I'll join you
Lucy: what time are you leaving?
Tom: 6.30 from our place
Lucy: ok, I'll be there
Lucy: should I have breakfast before?
Tom: no, let's eat something on the way
Patricia: I'm pretty excited
Lucy: hopefully it won't erupt tomorrow :P
Tom: who knows?
Lucy: we will die beautifully at least
Tom: we would just be suffocated by fumes I think
Patricia: an amazing picture
Tom: haha, sorry
Jenny: May I join you also?
Tom: sure!
Summary: Lucy and Jenny will join Tom and Patricia for a hike to Mount Karthala tomorrow. They will camp overnight on the slopes. The meeting is tomorrow at 6:30 at Tom and Patricia's place. They will have a breakfast on the go.
Dialogue: Beth: hey, you know what's up with Dana?
Beth: I called her yesterday, today... she doesn't pick up my calls, I'm worried :(
Cristina: another failed IVF :(
Beth: oh dear... :(
Julia: I talked to her before weekend she's very depressed
Julia: honestly, I have no idea how to help her
Cristina: and her sister is pregnant again...
Beth: omg
Cristina: yeah... she doesn't want to talk to anyone right now
Cristina: Harry says she goes to work everyday and so on but she's very very sad and anxious :(
Julia: I can't even imagine what she's going through
Julia: Just want her to know we are here for her
Cristina: it was 3rd attempt and Harry says she doessnt want to try anymore
Beth: well I can understand that, after all these disappointments...
Cristina: plus its so expensive
Beth: they could apply for a refund but u know, thats not the real problem
Julia: it just seems so unfair
Julia: she wants it so much
Cristina: I think she just needs some time on her own now
Beth: you know, Dana is a bit of a control freak
Beth: dont mean this in a bad way
Beth: but this situation is out of her control, again and again. she did everything and it's not working, so its hard for her
Cristina: totally agree
Beth: ok, please let me know if you get any news
Cristina: okay I will
Julia: I will
Summary: Dana had a failed IVF and doesn't want to talk to anyone, she is depressed. Dana's sister is pregnant again. Cristina said it was Dana and Harry's third, and last attempt. Beth said that it's especially hard for Dana since she's a control freak.
Dialogue: Sam: My wife doesn't satisfy me
Adam: Not enough sex?
Sam: We have sex every second day, sometimes even everyday
Sam: But it's always the same
Don: You want to try new positions?
Sam: I want to try something more hardcore
Don: Have you talked with her about it?
Sam: Yes. Multiple times. 
Sam: But we always end up having this boring, routine sex
Summary: Sam is not satisfied with boring, routine sex he has with his wife. They have sex every one or two days.
Dialogue: Jon: so what do you think about new iphones?
Rodney: pure crap
Jon: why?
Rodney: at first - they removed the headphone jack
Jon: so what?
Rodney: so what? How do you expect me to plug in my headphones there?
Jon: don't you already have bluetooth ones? lol
Rodney: no i don't, they are usually crap, i have my Denon ones with a cable
Jon: i see.. but i am sure you can buy some extension cord to plug them in
Rodney: for sure and it is probably another 100 dollars lol
Jon: but it's available
Rodney: dude if i am paying 2 salaries for one phone i expect to have everything and not to buy expensive extension cords
Jon: depends what you expect i guess... i personally really like it, the new screen looks amazing
Rodney: have you seen it live?
Jon: of course not, they just introduced it
Rodney: so how can you say it looks amazing? It was just a video
Jon: but it is retina i think, they always look good
Rodney: dude you are so gullible, perfect client for them
Jon: haha don't insult me just because you prefer samsung phones :D
Rodney: i actually have a huwaei now, paid three times less than for an iphone and it's ten times better
Jon: i would never switch my iphone for anything else
Rodney: that's why they still got their clients :)
Jon: i am so used to it and i have everything on my cloud... it would be too hard to switch now
Rodney: i know, they are perfect in making traps like that hahah
Jon: you are such a hater dude :P
Rodney: and proud of it!
Summary: Rodney doesn't like the new iPhone because it's expensive and there's no headphone jack. He has a Huwaei mobile phone. Jon is a fan of Apple and keeps his data in the cloud.
Dialogue: Gabriel: should we take a car for minutes?
Danielle: what is it?
Gabriel: like car2go or something similar
Amber: it's a great idea, we can share and it'll be cheaper than a taxi
Gabriel: this is exactly, what I thought
Danielle: ok, sounds good, I've never used them
Gabriel: But you know what I'm talking about
Danielle: I think I saw them in the city
Gabriel: ok, i'll find one
Summary: Gabiel, Danielle and Amber are going to take a car for minutes. Danielle has never used it before.
Dialogue: Lewis: guys. what do you think about Brooke?
Sebastian: why?
Tyler: Lewis is in love <3
Sebastian: hehe
Lewis: ... well?
Tyler: i don't know her that well
Tyler: she's quite pretty i guess
Sebastian: she's really good in bed
Lewis: huh?
Sebastian: yeah that's what I think
Tyler: well, I have to agree with Sebastian on that, she really is
Lewis: ...
Summary: Sebastian and Tyler think Brooke is good in bed.
Dialogue: Evan: You coming to the pub tonight?
Jez: Yeah, will that new girl, Gizzi, be there?
Evan: No idea, buddy! You got your eye on her, eh? Poor girl!
Jez: Well, um, just wondered, she seems nice to chat to, that's all!
Evan: Yeah, right, just as a friend, I know!🙄 Just come along, we'll have a good laugh and I'll trash you at pool, as usual!
Jez: Why not! See you 8ish.
Summary: Evan and Jez are going to the pub tonight. Jez hopes that Gizzi will be there too.
Dialogue: Luke: Anybody seen my head phones? 
Patrick: Nope
Matt: no, sorry buddy
Luke: Damn it
Summary: Luke has lost his headphones.
Dialogue: Karine: hi ! Brunch at the lake today?
Anne: great
Karine: we'll decide there about activities, there are plenty for all ages and all tastes
Anne: i love it
Karine: Here is the exact adress
Karine: <file_other>
Anne: Could Vicky join us?
Karine: of course, we have room for her in the  car. Tell her to be home at 12
Anne: Fine,  i'll tell her to bring her lunch... and her swimming suit
Karine: We're on the  road. Estimated arrival at 13:22. The first in keep the place.
Anne: Still home, waiting for Dave...
Anne: 14:02!
Karine: you 'll be the last one!!
Anne: what is your parking number?
Karine: car park number 5. Give me your plate number
Anne: what for?
Karine: you need to be register at the entrance of the park
Anne: <file_photo>
Karine: I've got your ticket. I'm waiting at the entrance
Anne: we should be there in 3 minutes
Anne: we 're at 500 meter
Anne: Here we are. I see you
Karine: it's not too late!
Summary: Karine and Anne will have brunch at the lake today. They will go by car, Vicky will join them. She should be home at 12. Karine's parking number is 5. Anne arrives at the lake.
Dialogue: Milena: Are you in Moscow as well?
John: I didn't get a visa this time
Milena: What?! Bastards!
Irina: sad. I'm alway here of course
Galina: me too
Milena: ok, let's meet theses days
Summary: Milena, Irina and Galina are in Moscow, John is not.
Dialogue: Tim: Hi
John: How are things?
Tim: Cool, man!
John: Take it that Sara is looking after you then?
Tim: Yes, defo
John: Do you fancy going for a drink on Friday?
Tim: Sure - might have to make it an early night though
John: Shame.....it's a long time since we pulled an all nighter. Getting old?
Tim: No it's not that. I am going for lunch with Sara's mum on Saturday and want to create a good impression.
John: Have you met her before?
Tim: No, hope she's ok!
John: What about Sara's dad?
Tim: He died a long time ago/
John: Shame!
Tim: Well if she is like Sara I am sure you will get on
John: Yes,hope so! Feel really nervous about it!
Tim: I am sure you will charm the pants off her....not literally of course! Lol!
John: Indeed!!!!!!! What wouldn't be a good move!
Tim: Ok, say 7 on Friday?
John: Yeah - outside the railway station?
Tim: Yes, I'll be waiting! See you then.
John: See you!
Summary: John and Tim will meet outside the railway station at 7 pm on Friday and go for a drink. On Saturday Tim is having lunch with Sara's mother. He has not met her before. Sara's father died long ago.
Dialogue: Ula: GUYS! Have you seen the new Lion King trailer??
Teresa: It looks gorgeous :)
Monika: I haven't seen it yet, but I heard about it. Is it a sequel or what?
Ula: It seems to be the same, just with updated graphics :)
Monika: That would be cool, I really hope they won't ruin it. It is my favorite childhood movie next to Pocahontas :)
Teresa: And Mulan! :D
Summary: Ula and Teresa have seen the new Lion King trailer, while Monika hasn't seen it yet. It's the same movie as the original, only with updated graphics.
Dialogue: Ari: Hi, you busy today?
Ian: I'm in a meeting
Bruce: in Manchester till Wednesday
Ari: Ok, want to meet over to discuss the case?
Ian: I can meet tomorrow, have to rush home now
Bruce: call me tomorrow if you meet
Ari: It's okay we can wait for you and meet on wednesday
Bruce: did you have a chance to talk to the client
Ari: I called them yesterday but Oliver was busy. I'll meet him on Friday morning.
Ian: Theyre not in a hurry
Ari: No but it would be great to close the deal this month...
Bruce: unreal :)
Ari: I know
Ian: Hanson is crazy about the deal he wants it closed NOW
Ari: So why isnt he helping?
Bruce: ask him :)
Ari: I really should...
Bruce: I'll ask on your behalf :)
Ari: Yeah... thanks friend ;)
Ian: Ari let's meet for a lunch tomorrow
Ian: 1pm?
Ari: Let's meet after lunch. I dont want to think about Hanson while eating...
Ian: ok :)
Ari: I'll give you a call tomorrow morning
Ian: ok. maybe we should invite Hanson?
Ari: lol
Summary: Ian is in a meeting. Bruce is in Manchester till Wednesday. Ari will meet the client on Friday morning. They all need to meet to discuss the case. Ian and Ari will meet tomorrow after lunch.
Dialogue: Pat: Why not?
Norrie: He says it's either the garage or the fridge.
Lynn: Ouch. That really is a toughie.
Pat: I told mine that he can keep the equipment in the garage, but not the bugs.
Norrie: And what did he do?
Pat: I don't know. But there are no bugs in the house :)
Lynn: Are you absolutely sure? Maybe he found a secret place to hide them?
Norrie: Yeah. And u don't know about it ;)
Pat: Don't do this. Now I'll be wondering all day and night.
Lynn: Nah. Probably keeps them somewhere else.
Norrie: So what are we going to do about them?
Pat: Don't' know. I'm letting mine have his pleasures, but he has to respect mine.
Lynn: And does he?
Pat: Well, he does, but doesn't understand them.
Norrie: I think I'll tell mine that's it with the fishing and that I'm fed up with him not helping around the house.
Lynn: And you think that'll work?
Norrie: Well, he doesn't go out with the guys anymore, does he? ;)
Pat: That's devious!
Summary: Norrie is sick of her partner keeping the bugs in their house. Pat lets her partner keep the fishing equipment in the garage, without the bugs. Lynn suspects they might be somewhere else in the house.
Dialogue: Jess: When the fuck am I going to stop thinking about him? :/ 
Lindsay: I honestly don't know, man. I've been there, believe me.
Jess: It's just so fucking exhausting, I wish I could just move on I really do but this asshole is just stuck in my head :( 
Lindsay: Well... you wanna get drunk or something?
Jess: Yeah, every day, but that won't solve anything
Lindsay: I know it's cliche but just give it some time
Summary: Jess is frustrated as she can't stop thinking about a certain man.
Dialogue: Allisson: Jake!
Allisson: I'm so sorry, I'm gonna be late! Can you wait for me a little? My bus broke down but I'm on my way already
Jacob: Babe, don't worry. I'll just have a look around in the meantime
Jacob: Ring me when you're about to arrive?
Allisson: Will do! Love you!
Summary: Allison will be late to a meeting with Jake.
Dialogue: Gina: Who’s waiting for 4 day weekend?
Kevin: I am! ;)
Emma: Friday night hurry up please!
Ben: no work for 4 days!!!
Gina: bad week at work?
Ben: yeah, something like that
Kelly: So glad it’s almost Friday! 
Emma: the countdown to friday!
Kevin: 6 o’clock come quicker!
Summary: A 4-day weekend is coming up. Kevin, Emma, Ben and Kelly are looking forward to it. 
Dialogue: Bronn: you told me the gym was gonna be open on saturdays -_-
Zack: ohh
Zack: i said they were thinking about it
Bronn: no you did not
Bronn: i can show you a screenshot of our conversation from last week 
Bronn: <file_photo>
Zack: shit
Zack: sorry man
Zack: i forgot to tell u.. this could maybe take a month
Bronn: grrreat :/
Summary: Zack told Bronn that the gym was open on Saturdays but it was closed and it could take a month. 
Dialogue: Kate: How was your New Year's Eve?
Olivia: Oh, it was amazing! Except for the fact, that someone took my coat... :(
Kate: What?! How? When?
Olivia: I don't know, I think someone took it by mistake or because someone else must have taken their coat, I don't know.
Kate: Jesus, how drunk you need to be to take someone else's coat. I don't get people :/
Olivia: Tell me about it... I had to go back home just as I were, in December...
Kate: Have you talked to the organisers? Have you posted this on Fb?
Olivia: Yeah, right away, but no luck so far. I'm afraid that someone must have "liked it" too much :( Also, my coat wasn't the only one that is missing.
Kate: Omg! Great job, organisers, really, thumbs up!
Summary: Someone took Olivia's coat at a New Year's Eve party.
Dialogue: Paul Sheehan: Heya Ciaran, do you have time for a coffee b4 heading back?
Ciaran: Yeah, I have about 30 mins.
Paul Sheehan: If your pressed for time, leave it off. I'm stuck in Turners Cross 'til about 1
Paul Sheehan: and Mike has to be back at work at 1:15 today.
Ciaran: Yeah, meeting Mike on Grand Parade.
Ciaran: I have an appointment I need to get to in Clonakilty
Paul Sheehan: Mike messaged me, will be in asap but I know you're under pressure for time so if we don't meet today, 
Paul Sheehan: I hope you'll accept my accept my apologies!
Ciaran: Hey man it was good meeting up with you today :)
Paul Sheehan: Yeah, it's something we should definitely do more often <emoticon_smile>
Paul Sheehan:  Maybe when you get your gaming room sorted, you might check out World of Warships.
Ciaran: Yeah for sure.
Ciaran: See you later. 
Summary: Ciaran and Paul discuss a number of appointments. Ciaran is going to have a gaming room and Paul Sheehan recommends World of Warships to him.
Dialogue: Hunter: so, have I convinced you to give tennis a go? :)
Natalie: maybe :)
Natalie: definitely today’s class was less traumatic than what I remember from the middle school
Hunter: “less traumatic”
Hunter: you don’t seem to be overly enthusiastic :D
Natalie: i didn’t mean it this way ;)
Hunter: actually, why do you dislike tennis so much?
Natalie: when i was in my early teenage years my parents used to make me play tennis, although i absolutely hated it
Hunter: why?
Natalie: my dad wanted me to become the next Steffi Graf
Natalie: plus i was a little bit overweight and he thought that playing tennis would help me to slim down
Hunter: i see...
Hunter: that’s why you were so reluctant, huh?
Natalie: mhm
Natalie: but i had fun today, so maybe i’ll change my mind
Natalie: i just have really bad associations with this sport
Hunter: well, i hope you’ll rediscover tennis for yourself, you’re really good at it :)
Hunter: you know, there’s no pressure this time :)
Natalie: thanks! :) maybe, who knows... ;)
Summary: Natalie has bad memories of tennis, because as a teenager her father forced her to play it. Hunter tries to convince Natalie to give tennis another shot, because she's good at it.
Dialogue: Eleonore: Honey, can you explained what is that thing in the garage??
Pike: What ya mean
Eleonore: You know very well what I’m talking about!!
Pike: No I dont
Eleonore: A bunch of ladies underwear!!!
Pike: haha xd
Eleonore: Young man, if you think this is funny…
Pike: Idk I invited Tim and Frank, we were drunk, who knows what they did, its probably a prank
Eleonore: A prank?
Pike: Likeee… a joke xp
Eleonore: A nice one, I think I need to talk to their parents.
Pike: pleaseeee don’t they’ll be angry
Summary: Eleonore is angry at Pike, because she found women's underwear in the garage. Eleonore wants to talk to Tim's and Frank's parents.
Dialogue: Carolina: This humanitarian crisis in Venezuela is getting out of hand. It is totally unacceptable to starve the population like this!
Hugo: yes, unfortunately the population is paying with her flesh for the political tension.
Carolina: I know, Maduro isn't doing so great.
Hugo: can you believe  40% of the medical staff had left the country? it is astonishing 
Summary: Carolina and Hugo disapprove of the situation in Venezuela.
Dialogue: John: How are you doing guys?
Georgina: very good, we're crossing the border to Laos in a few minutes
John: wow, how exciting! 
Molly: then we will go down the Mekong river for about 2 days
John: I envy you so much
John: i've heard from a colleague that Laos is very beautiful and pristine
Molly: seems so!
Molly: <file_photo>
John: wow
Summary: Georgina and Molly are about to cross the border to Laos. John is envious.
Dialogue: Susanne: hi
Ursula: hello 
Susanne: how are you? 
Ursula: not so good 
Susanne: why? 
Susanne: :(
Ursula: my boyfriend broke up with me 
Summary: Ursula is feeling low because her boyfriend has left her.
Dialogue: Connor: What are you doing tomorrow?
Rachel: I was going to stay at home.
Connor: Do you want to go swimming with us?
Rachel: Where?
Connor: The big lake near the mountains.
Rachel: Isn't that dar away?
Connor: About an hour's drive. We're thinking of staying the weekend, tough.
Rachel: Who's going?
Connor: Everyone is in.
Rachel: OK, cool. Count me in as well.
Connor: Awesome! Do you have a tent?
Rachel: Yes, a big one. It fits six people, easy. I also have a portable barbecue I can bring.
Connor: Great, I'll go check on everyone else and then I'll text you.
Rachel: OK.
Connor: I think I'm going to create a group chat. It's easier that way.
Summary: Rachel, Connor and others are going for a weekend away by the lake in the mountains. Rachel is bringing a six people tent and portable barbecue.
Dialogue: Jane: I think I may be getting old
Brian: Newsflash honey - you do
Sandra: What led you to this conclusion? ;)
Jane: I went to the cinema and they were showing the last trailer of that new Lars von Trier film
Brian: The House That Jack Built?
Jane: Exactly! So, I used to love films like that, you know with serial killers, psychopaths, quite gore and everything, but yesterday I could barely watch the trailer
Sandra: I've heard people were going out of the screening because it was too much
Brian: Yeah, he's famous of doing films to hard to handle
Jane: It's not that. I watched his previous films, I watched more hardcorde films, but I was... bored? 
Brian: Bored? At the trailer? How long is it? 2 minutes? :D
Jane: Hahahaha, it wasn't too long :P
Jane: I was bored because it was boring. That's why I think I'm just getting old. A couple of years ago I would be crazy excited about this film.
Jane: Now I'm only thinking - another serial killer, another film about psychopaths and murderers, it seems awfully tedious
Sandra: I think I get what you mean
Brian: Maybe it's different and you should give it a shot? The same rule applies to films about love
Jane: I guess so, but I now kind of enjoy more films in which people don't murder each other
Jane: Maybe it is the age thing after all, I don't think I can handle all those negative emotions to that extent
Sandra: I never liked films like that exactly because of that
Sandra: You can just watch daily news instead of an horror
Brian: I'd give it a go if I were you, wait a bit and watch it. I've heard it's a masterpiece
Jane: Well, maybe, will see, now I don't feel like watching. I was yawning at the trailer
Summary: Jane got bored by the new Lars von Trier movie trailer. 
Dialogue: Laura: Mew is not feeling very well today. He's not eating at all.
Vic: He's been like that for a couple of days. I think it might be time to take him to the vets to get him checked.
Laura: Yeah, been thinking that. He's definitely off colour.
Vic: Poor Baby! Tell you what, when I come home tonight let's take him to the vet. Hopefully it is nothing serious but you know it's always better to be safe than sorry.
Laura: I'll try to give him some warmed up tuna see if that gets him eating.
Vic: Great Idea! If not then maybe some boiled up chicken breast with lots of broth. That sometimes works.
Laura: Yeah I'll try that. I really hope that he's all right. 
Vic: I'm sure he'll be just fine. Let me know how you go, ok?
Summary: Laura's cat, Mew is not feeling well, so she will give him some warmed up tuna or boiled up chicken breasts. She might take him to the vet.
Dialogue: Seth: i bought a new guitar...
Seth: <file_photo>
Jamie: How about you buy 1 good guitar instead of buying many cheap ones? :D
Austin: congrats :d what brand is that?
Seth: it's a hagstrom
Seth: XL-2P
Seth: it looks exactly the way i wanted my guitar to look <3
Austin: oh it's that swedish brand
Seth: yeah well jamie i can also afford a good guitar in addition to that, no problem, i just liked these ones :D
Jamie: Rich people...
Summary: Seth has bought a new Hagstrom XL-2P guitar. According to Jamie, he should have bought a better guitar.
