Dialogue: Sam: I'm so tired after the journey
Ben: me too. have you arrived home?
Sam: almost
Ben: let's skip the bier tonight
Sam: with pleasure!
Summary: Both Sam and Ben are tired after the journey so they won't go out tonight.
Dialogue: Guillaume: Hello there, how's Stoke these days?
Paul: Hi man, just as beautiful as Paris, I'm sure.
Guillaume: Well the girls there are gorgeous, naturellement! 
Paul: Well, some are, not sure about my sister though!
Guillaume: Kate is a beauty to me! How is the office, they miss me?
Paul: Well, Tracy certainly does, she asks me about you quite often. Lucky escape there, mate!
Guillaume: Ah, La Tracy, she was quite a woman! Very strong, too!
Paul: Yes, you two were quite an item when you first came over, thought it was serious!
Guillaume: Yes, but I met Kate at your Barbecue party, it was a coup de foudre, as we say!
Paul: What's that mean?
Guillaume: Well, love at first look, I think.
Paul: Oh, Love At First Sight!  That's what I want to find!
Guillaume: You are young man, don't hurry!
Paul: Maybe! I wouldn't want to deprive the girls of Stoke of my manly hotness!
Guillaume: You kidding, man, I hope so!
Paul: Course, mate! How's Sis, Anyway?
Guillaume: Well, her French is getting good, but she speaks a lot of English at the hotel, lots of Americans there.
Paul: Is she ever homesick for Stoke?
Guillaume: She sometimes say she miss Marmite, madness!
Paul: Well, we do love it in this house! Not a fan, Guill?
Guillaume: No, it is shit!
Paul: Fair enough! Anyway, love to Kate, keep in touch now!
Guillaume: Love to the family! We will visit at summertime, we hope.
Paul: Great, looking forward to it, bye!😎🙃
Summary: At Paul's barbecue, Guillaume met his sister, Kate, and fell in love. They live together in Paris. Her french is getting good and she misses Marmite. They want to visit Stoke at summertime.
Dialogue: Isabella: Hi Jess, have I left my mobile at your place? On the sofa most probably.
Jessica: Wait a sec.
Jessica: Yes, you have.
Isabella: How stupid of me. I'll pick it upon my way back from town. Are you at home?
Jessica: All day long!
Summary: Isabella left her mobile at Jessica's and she will pick it up on her way back from town.
Dialogue: Joyce: I’m back
Jerry: Not me 
Joyce: I’ve noticed your absence :P
Summary: Joyce's back and Jerry isn't. 
Dialogue: Kelly: My guts are not ok
Jody: Constipation?
Kelly: Quite the opposite... 
Kiara: What have you eaten?
Kelly: A fishburger
Kiara: Maybe the fish wasn't fresh
Kelly: It tasted ok
Jody: Have you taken medicine?
Kelly: I don't like medication if not absolutely necessary
Kelly: But it's so annoying
Kelly: I'm a toilet prisoner today
Kelly: Again I need to poop 
Jody: Poor Kelly
Jody: Try to relax. It will pass... 
Summary: Kelly has diarrhea. Kiara suspects a fish burger to be the cause. Kelly doesn't take medication unless she really has to.
Dialogue: Lucy: Hi Patty. Is dad with you?
Patty: No. He never is on Thursdays.
Lucy: Can't reach him on the phone.
Patty: Tried landline?
Lucy: No. I thought he'd had it disconnected long ago.
Patty: Of course not. The same number for the last hundred years.
Lucy: OK. But his mobile isn't answering!
Patty: Good Lord!!! Lucy!! SO WHAT?
Lucy: Just worried! He felt off color last night.
Patty: Most likely drunk too much. As usual.
Lucy: Don't  be so flippant about him pls. He is my dad and I am worried.
Patty: So why don't you just move your ass and drive over to him?
Lucy: Because I bloody hell can't.
Patty: And you want me to drop everything and go to Brighton?!
Lucy: Didn't say that.
Patty: But meant it.
Lucy: No, I did not. I think I can cope without you.
Patty: Very well indeed.
Lucy: Just give me his landline number.
Patty: 761 761535
Lucy: Ta.
Patty: As far as I know he's having his palls in every Thursday morning. They are rehearsing or something.
Lucy: WHY didn't you me that at once?
Patty: You didn't ask.
Lucy: You are really a pain the ass Patricia.
Patty: Thank you. And tell your precious dad about it.
Lucy: Be sure I will.
Summary: Lucy is looking for her dad, she is worried. Patty suggests he probably has been drinking last night, and had his friends over. 
Dialogue: Bob: Dear friends! For those who don’t know, Nancy and I are moving to Spain. We off in a week! 
Kelly: good luck! X
Joanna: all the best! keep posting!
Kim: Congratulations.. I guess ;)
Emma: Wow! Sounds like constant holiday!
Jo: keep us updated! good luck guys!
Andy: can't wait to visit! ;)
Bob: you're more than welcome to visit ;)
Andy: cheers mate! hope the move goes well
Helen: How exciting! oh, i wish you could take me with you!
Steven: enjoy your new life! we're gonna miss you! 
Marisa: looking forward to hearing all about it! x 
Summary: Bob and Nancy are moving to Spain in a week. 
Dialogue: Jules: Jo came back from their trip and had shivers
Jules: she had wet socks and shoes
Jules: she's got a running nose
Minnie: Oh dear, so she stayed at home!
Minnie: Should be ? instead of I
Jules: Yes
Minnie: Is it a cold or something else?
Jules: a running nose so I think it's a cold
Minnie: so take care!
Summary: Jo came back from the trip with cold symptoms. Jo stayed at home.
Dialogue: John: Are you home?
Ann: yes, in bed
John: what? do you feel sick?
Ann: No, just very tired and it's so cold today
John: just try not to sleep to long, you will have problems to sleep at night
Ann: I don't know if I'm going to sleep, I just feel so good in bed
John: Oh, I understand you so well
Summary: Ann is at home in bed.
Dialogue: Claire: Have you seen the news?
Greg: No. What’s happened?
Claire: That bitch my neighbor became an MP 🤮
Kevin: Ooo, well done! You must be so jealous 🤣
Claire: Stop it. I hate her so much. She killed my cat 🙈
Greg: Whaaaaat???
Claire: Really. It was 5 years ago. She hit it with a car.
Greg: Okay. I understand 😒
Summary: Claire is unhappy about her neighbour becoming an MP. 
Dialogue: Sean: Hi Buddy. How you doing?
Keiran: Not too bad, bit knackering working every night, mind!
Sean: Saw you last night, me and sis were there, 3rd row back. You were ace!
Keiran: Should have said hello or waved!
Sean: Didn't want to disturb your acting genius! Never seen a wizard so evil!
Keiran: Based it on old Frank Murphy, remember that physics teacher we had for a bit in year 8!
Sean: That old bastard! You had his voice just right, mannerisms too!
Keiran: Thanks mate! Honestly, next time you watch me treading the boards, just make yourself known!
Sean: Will do, you coming to Andy's party Saturday?
Keiran: Well, I've got a matinee performance that day, may pop in for an hour, can't get pissed or any thing, though.
Sean: I'll buy you a drink, say Break a Leg etc. Won't mention a certain Shakespeare play!
Keiran: 😆 That'd be great. See you then!
Summary: Sean enjoyed Keiran's performance last night. Keiran tried to mimic Frank Murphy who was their physics teacher. Keiran has got a matinee performance on Saturday, but he may go to Andy's party.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Sophie
Sophie: Hi Chris
Chris: How r you doing today?
Sophie: Oh, fine thanks😉
Chris: Great, have plans for the evening? Maybe we can grab a dinner?
Sophie: That’d be great, but not today. I’ve got to catch up on work
Chris: Maybe tomorrow, then?
Sophie: Perfect!
Summary: Chris and Sophie are having a dinner together tomorrow.
Dialogue: Leo: You have a sports car don't you?
Terrence: Yes, I do.
Leo: What kind of car do you have?
Terrence: It's a Fiesta ST 2013.
Leo: Is it new?
Terrence: It was new in 2013 xD
Leo: So it's old now..
Terrence: Yes, it is. But it still looks and performs good.
Leo: Do you take good care of it?
Terrence: Oh yes, it's my precious and I love it.
Leo: You have to take me for a drive someday.
Terrence: Oh it will be my pleasure :p You will love it.
Summary: Terrence has a sports car and invites Leo for a drive.
Dialogue: Arnold: ever been to russia
Brock: no whats that Lol
Arnold: just saw a trip and its pretty cheap so prhaps 
Dimitry: where to excatly?
Brock: ur name sounds russisch
Arnold: shut up brick brock. St. Petersburg mainly and some other places
Dimitry: stp is absolutely stunning. go there if the price is right.
Arnold: yeah I know just wanted to make sure
Summary: Arnold is thinking of going on a trip to St. Petersburg.
Dialogue: Vanessa: Hi Darcy, can you recommend any places to ear in Florence?
Vanessa: to EAT!
Darcy: Hi! I was there like... 6 years ago :) Marcus do you remember any nice place?
Marcus: The one close to that old church... haha 
Darcy: yeah, so funny... wait a sec Vanessa I'm going to check in google maps
Vanessa: ok, don't bother, let me know if you remember anything nice and affordable
Marcus: Darcy where was that one with that mexican family? close to that old bridge?
Darcy: it's called ponte vecchio... 
Marcus: could be. whatever :)
Darcy: I know what you mean, just found it in google: Trattoria Boboli, via romana 45R
Vanessa: ok, thanks a lot! we're going in 2 weeks. 
Darcy: why don't you ask Natalie? she lived there for a couple of months
Vanessa: oh really?? I didn't know that :)
Marcus: that was like 50 years ago... ok maybe 15 ;)
Darcy: are you going anywhere else in TUscany?
Vanessa: I don't think so, not this time, it's just 4 days
Darcy: for me 2 days was enough for FLorence. why don't you go to Siena? it's fantastic and you can go there by train. it's cheap and fast.
Marcus: totally agree. Siena was great.
Summary: Vanessa is going to spend 4 days in Florence. Darcy recommends a restaurant called Trattoria Boboli near the Ponte Vecchio and suggests they visit Siena. Natalie might be able to give further recommendations.
Dialogue: Jane: Hi Mel, did you pass you exams?
Mel: i didn't work enough, so... it was'nt a surprise!
Jane: sorry
Mel: No i have to work harder, but i wonder how i'll do to memorize the all year.
Jane: you'll do it, i'm confident
Mel: thanks. i'll show you my program
Jane: when are you coming?
Mel: march 4th to march 8th, if still ok with  you.
Jane: of course it is.
Mel: On the 5th i'll have diner with  my friends from the painting club and on the 6th, i'll meet Victor and his girlfriend.
Jane: fine, we still have a couple of evening together
Mel: But what about your friends coming for the week end? 
Jane: Don't worry, i'll have time to prepare everything.
Mel: Are you sure?  If not, i can postpone my trip
Jane: no way. i wait for you.
Summary: Mel didn't pass the exams. On March 5 Mel will have dinner with friends from painting club and on March 6 she will meet with Victor and his girlfriend. Mel is also planning to meet up with Jane. Jane's friends are coming for the weekend.
Dialogue: Vanessa: Do you have any extra work?
Vanessa: This month's quite tough for me
David: You don't have any work?
Vanessa: No, unfortunately. Just finished my last project and the agency said they don't have anything for me this month...
Vanessa: I thought that maybe you may have a bit too much?
David: I'm currently translating a book, it's a long term project so there's no way we can split
Vanessa: Ok, I understand. If you hear about any work, will you let me know?
David: Sure! I'll ask Kate, she may have something
Vanessa: Much appreciated
Summary: Vanessa doesn't have any work this month. David is currently translating a book. He will let her know if he hears about any work.
Dialogue: Blaine: I don't feel comfortable here. I will tell u about this later on .
Marc: What's wrong?
Blaine: Since I got here, I've been ignored by Elvira. I asked her what's wrong but she said everything is ok. Even when I came to them to dance with them, immediately she went somewhere else to dance ignoring me totally. I will take one more beer and probably I will go home
Marc: So leave there and return home
Summary: Blaine feels uncomfortable at a party, because Elvira is ignoring him. He plans to drink one more beer and go back home.
Dialogue: Kate: <file_video>
Kate: GUYS LOOK LOOK LOOK
Kate: SCREEEAM!!!!!
Daniel: is this it?! Can't believe it's already here
Frank: ALREADY? yeah, not like we haven't been waiting for two years for this
Daniel: watched it, looks awesome
Julia: and I'm here still waiting for the book...
Frank: good luck with that girl, I think he'll die before finishing it
Daniel: that's a bit cruel, don't you think?
Kate: well, the guy's not the youngest and a bit obese?
Frank: hm, just watched the trailer and I'm not sure
Julia: about what? looks pretty cool
Frank: yes, but... I'm not into this whole Jon Snow with Daenerys thing
Kate: I think it's great, I've been waiting for it!
Frank: me too, but when it happened - i don't know, looked wierd
Daniel: Especially now that we know they're related...
Julia: Give them a shot, we've seen just a couple of scenes, maybe the actors don't have the chemistry... yet?
Summary: Kate, Daniel, Frank and Julia are discussing 'Games of Thrones'. Frank, unlike Kate, doesn't like the romance of Jon Snow and Daenerys.
Dialogue: Wendy: Good morning. I'd like to report some problems with my computer.
Bill: What's the problem?
Wendy: It won't turn on.
Bill: Check all the connections, please.
Wendy: What do you mean?
Bill: Could you make sure that there are no cables disconnected?
Wendy: Ok. Checked.
Bill: Are all the plugs connected?
Wendy: Yes.
Bill: Can you work at another station this morning? I can come and deal with it only after lunch.
Wendy: I think I can. My colleague is out today so I can use another computer.
Bill: Splendid. So I'll come about 2pm and I'll see to that.
Wendy: Ok. Thank you. There's one more thing.
Bill: Yes?
Wendy: Our xerox machine is on its last legs. Could you bring some catalogue with office machines?
Bill: Of course. In the meantime here's the digital version. Have a look at the offer and I'll suggest something best suited to your needs.
Wendy: That's wonderful. Thank you.
Bill: Anything else?
Wendy: I guess that's all.
Bill: Ok. See you around 2pm then.
Wendy: See you.
Bill: oh... here is the file
Bill: <file_other>
Wendy: Thank you
Summary: Wendy's computer does not turn on and Bill will come about 2 pm to fix it. The Xerox machine at Wendy's office needs to be replaced. Bill has sent Wendy a digital copy of the catalogue. Bill will bring Wendy the hard copy of the catalogue.
Dialogue: George: guys, I will be late, there was a huge traffic jam in Austria
Maria: what happened?
George: maybe just an accident, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was weather related, there's so much snow everywhere
Joseph: Where are you know?
George: close to Kufstein
Teddy: so almost Germany!
George: Yes, but I am driving very slowly, and at this time I was supposed to be close to Munich
Maria: Don't worry, just drive safely
George: but don't wait for me with dinner
George: it may take even 2 hours I think
Maria: ok, I'll warm it up for you as soon as you arrive
Maria: just inform us how it is going
George: I will!
Summary: George will be late because of the congestion on the road in Austria. There is a lot of snow everywhere. He is close to Kufstein now. Maria will leave a dinner for George.
Dialogue: Abigail: Hey guys
Abigail: Don, this is Brian. Brian, this is Don :D
Donald: hi
Brian: oh hey;)
Abigail: I created this chat so you can talk without me having to be a go-between;D
Abigail: I can’t understand what I’m pasting anyway xD
Donald: ok
Brian: ok thanks
Donald: well I guess I know more or less everything;)
Brian: ok if you have any more questions write here:) 
Donald: ok 
Donald: oh I know. One more thing. What bits did you use?
Abigail: ok I’ll leave you to it, boys :D
Summary: Abigail created a chat, so Brian and Donald can communicate with each other without involving her in the conversation.
Dialogue: Sofia: My sister is coming from Spain at around 7-8pm. Are you at home?
Robert: Yes. I didn't go to the university 🙂 so I'm at home. Does she speak English? 🙂
Sofia: No, she does not speak English 😬 Only French
Robert: Ok 😀 so i will have to speak Spanish
Sofia: Thank you!
Summary: Sofia's sister is coming from Spain at around 7-8 pm. Robert didn't go to university, so he's at home. Sofia's sister doesn't speak English, only French. Robert will have to speak Spanish. 
Dialogue: Zoe: uncle Stephen died
Ryan: do you know what happened?
Zoe: he had a heart attack
Zoe: grandpa is really depressed. could you check up on him later?
Ryan: yes, sure, i'll see how he's doing when i come back from work
Summary: Uncle Stephen Died of heart attack. Grandpa is crushed. Ryan will check up on him after work.
Dialogue: Nadia: I started watching Russian Doll but I'm afraid it will be like the groundhog day
Jolene: i love the groundhog day!
Nadia: me too but I don't want the show that's just a rip-off
Jolene: I think it's good, the reviews are very good
Nadia: if it's gonna end in the same way I'm gonna be so pissed off
Jolene: lol
Jolene: calm your tits, it's just a show
Summary: Nadia is watching Russian Doll and is afraid that it will be a rip-off from Groundhog Day. 
Dialogue: Therese: Should we prepare some food for tomorrow evening?
Janusz: I brought a lot of good food from Poland
Therese: by car?
Janusz: yes, it's very good, really, a few kgs of sausages and a thing called "kaszanka", it's just delicious
Andy: what is it? meat?
Janusz: it's a blood sausage, my mother prepares is at home
Andy: gosh, Jan, it's a bit gross 
Janusz: why? it's fresh meat
Andy: you had it in your car for 2 days, let's just leave it
Janusz: you're so annoying Western boring people, as you wish. More for myself :P
Summary: Therese, Janusz and Andy are meeting tomorrow. Janusz brought some sausages and kaszanka from Poland, but Andy doesn't want to eat it.
Dialogue: Cherry: Hey, have you finished the book I gave you?
Richard: Yes! It was amazing, thank you!
Cherry: Glad you liked it :) Do you have something to read right now? I'm just finishing Catch 22 and it's absolutely brilliant.
Richard: Read it, brilliant indeed! But yeah, I'm following up on some classics right now.
Cherry: Such as?
Richard: Hate to admit, but I've never read Master and Margarita.
Cherry: Whoa, no way! Although I'm kind of jealous it's still ahead of you, such a gem.
Cherry: By the way, have you set a reading challenge for this year?
Richard: Sure thing! :D My goal is 50 as last year I managed to read 40. What about you?
Cherry: Same, though it may be a tad optimistic of me, we'll see.
Summary: Richard has read a book Cherry gave him. Richard has never read Master and Margarita. Cherry's reading challenge is to read 50 books this year.
Dialogue: Sarah: What do you think of it?
Victoria: Uhm, quite dreadful
Sarah: It is, isn't it?
Victoria: I don't know what happened. She said she hired an architect
Sarah: An interior designer, yeah, apparently not a very good one
Victoria: But seriously, blue and pink? I'm surprised Jack agreed to it, it looks sickening
Sarah: Oh my god, it does!
Sarah: The living room is not that bad, but the bathroom and the bedroom...
Victoria: They sure spent a lot of money on it, but there's definitely no taste in it. The bathroom is definitely the worst, really bad taste
Sarah: I think she knows we're texting
Victoria: Hm, doubt it
Victoria: We're safe ;) I'm really bored and hungry, of course everything's with gluten
Sarah: "Of course" ;)
Victoria: What?
Sarah: Nothing, I'll be really careful when I invite you to dinner to my place :D
Summary: She hired an interior designer. He chose blue and pink. Sarah and Victoria are secretly texting during the meal and agree the interiors, especially bathroom and bedroom are terrible. The food is with gluten so Victoria can't eat it.
Dialogue: Kate: We're at the cafe downstairs
Kate: join us everybody
Tom: there is a cafe in the building?
Yigal: lol, Tom, you'll never stop surprising me
Tom: The college will never stop surprising me
Margot: are you working there or chatting?
Kate: a bit of both i'd say
Summary: Kate is chatting and working in a college cafe downstairs.
Dialogue: Amber: girls check this out!!
Amber: <file_photo>
Amber: what do you think about it? should i take it?
Joanna: <file_gif>
Joanna: TOTALLY! you look like a model!
Sabrina: i second that, buy it NOW
Amber: hahaha there is also another one in blue
Sabrina: show us
Sabrina: you will probably end up buying both haha :D
Amber: <file_photo>
Joanna: oh my god this one is even better
Sabrina: see? Told you. now you have to buy both ;)
Amber: ahhh hahaha come on, i only have money for one, which should i take?
Joanna: take the blue one
Sabrina: i would still say both...
Sabrina: but if that's the case then blue :)
Summary: Joanna and Sabrina like both dresses but they like the blue one better. Amber will go for the blue one as she only has money for one.
Dialogue: Monica: What time are you coming home?
Larry: 6 
Fiona: 7:30
Summary: Larry is coming home at 6, Fiona at 7.30.
Dialogue: John: Anything from the store?
Tracy: Hmmm... there was this goat cheese last time that I really liked. You remember which one.
John: I think I do. Anything else?
Tracy: Maybe milk, cause we're running out. And like a couple of rolls, the grainy ones.
Tracy: oh and tissues.
John: Ok, roger that.
Summary: John will buy the goat cheese Tracy liked, milk, a couple of grainy rolls, and tissues.
Dialogue: Shelley: Yeah, maybe as an ingredient in strongly flavored recipes. But nauseating on its own. 
Shelley: Nobody will eat those macarons.
Guy: I would pity anyone trying to eat the French President.
Elma: Shelley, I've had meringues made with it - they were delicious...really light and crisp.
Elma:  Honestly you would never know they weren't made from egg.
Shelley: I could tell!!!
Vicki: Shelley, certainly do eat them, with relish. Many people find the taste of egg white nauseating.
Chris: Have you actually tried them or is it just an imagined taste? Or maybe you can't make the connection between the liquid from a pulses' tin? Couldn't make it from pure eggwhites either.
Shelley: Yes, I've tried them. 
Shelley: The flavor is ... not appetizing. To me. 
Shelley: YMMV.
Summary: Shelley finds the taste of an egg substitute nauseating. Elma has made meringues with it and they were delicious. Chis reckons is it just an imagined taste.
Dialogue: Jayden: <file_video>
Cass: Woahaha
Annie: all muddy eh! 
Summary: Jayden shares the video that excites Cass and Annie.
Dialogue: Julia: Will you be coming for the graduation?
Cecilie: Sure! You?
Julia: Me too, I just bought my flight tickets. 
Summary: Julia bought the plane tickets to come to the graduation. Cecile is coming, too.
Dialogue: Erik: my car broke down, i need your help
Rory: what happened?
Erik: I was driving and when i tried to shift gear i heard a loud noise and the gearbox went loose
Rory: gearbox?
Erik: ye, like it broke or something... i can't switch gears anymore, i towed it to the parking lot with Chris
Rory: oh man you are fucked
Erik: is it that bad?
Rory: your car is how old... 10 years?
Erik: 13 or 14
Rory: yeah, well the fix will probably be more expensive than getting a new car lol
Erik: shit... you think so?
Rory: almost certain
Erik: can you come by anyway and have a look at it? Maybe I miss interpreted something
Rory: sure i, can come by sunday, is that good?
Erik: yes, thanks - i will make it up to you obviously
Rory: don't mention it :) just hoping i can help
Summary: Erik's car broke down and Chris helped him to tow it to the parking lot. The car's 13 or 14 years old and Rory claims that fixing it may be more expensive than a new car. Rory agrees to come and see the car on Sunday anyway.
Dialogue: Karine: there is a sleepover scheduled at Angie's saturday
Charlotte: Vicky didn't tell anything
Charlotte: i'm not found of it
Karine: girls organize it for Kira's birthday, you can't refuse
Charlotte: who's going to drive them there?
Karine: Philippe could do it
Charlotte: who's in charge of the present?
Karine: ask Vicky, she must know.
Summary: Girls organize a sleepover at Angie''s for Kita's birthday. Vicky knows who's responsible for the present.
Dialogue: Mila: I have some exciting (for me at least) news 😀
Ellie: Go on, tell me
Mila: I’ve bought a new laptop!
Ellie: And what about the old one? From what I remember it was pretty good
Mila: Well, a terrible thing happened 😕 I was cleaning it the other day, and I guess the cloth I was cleaning it with must have been too wet or something, because the keyboard died ;( 
Mila: RIP keyboard
Ellie: Yeah ;(
Ellie: And how is the new one?
Mila: Oh, I haven’t got it yet, but I’m pretty excited 😀 It cost me a fortune, BUT I really believe it’s worth it
Ellie: Ok, so tell me about the specs
Mila: It has 8th gen processor (i7), 16gb RAM, 120gb SSD and 1t HDD
Ellie: What about the graphics card?
Mila: Oh, it’s geforce 1060, so it could have been better, but still I think it’s decent enough
Ellie: So how much does it cost? 
Mila: 1650$
Ellie: That’s a lot
Mila: Yeah, I know… but hopefully it will serve me a couple of years
Ellie: Yeah, hopefully… have you thought about an upgrade?
Mila: Well, I was thinking about buying some extra RAM, but I’m not an expert, and I’m afraid I’m going to beak something
Ellie: And what about warranty?
Mila: You can open the laptop for sure 😀 you just can’t break anything
Ellie: Well, I got to run, but I will write to you later
Mila: Yeah, bye 😊
Summary: Mila bought a new laptop for $1650 as in her previous one the keypad died. Mila's new laptop has the 8th generation processor (i7), 16gb RAM, 120gb SSD, 1t HDD and the graphics card is geforce 1060.
Dialogue: Victoria: Had you put the laptop on charging?
Jackson: Yeah I already have
Victoria: Ty. I thought I would have to come downstairs :P
Summary: Vitoria plugged Jackson's laptop to power.
Dialogue: Max: I hate shopping!
Payton: Y?
Max: I treat it as a necessity.
Payton: Still, y do u h8 shopping?
Max: I hate having to choose the things, to try them on and go from shop to shop in the hope of buying something, but eventually returning home emptyhanded.
Payton: So u h8 buying clothes?
Max: Yup.
Payton: What about other stuff?
Max: Like what?
Payton: Food?
Max: That's easy. I just go to the supermarket and pick up some groceries. No problem.
Payton: Books? Electronics? And so on.
Max: Online. Those are the things I can buy online and it doesn't take much time :)
Payton: So it's not the shopping u h8, but shopping 4 clothes.
Max: It seems so.
Payton: Have u tried shopping online 4 clothes?
Max: Not really.
Payton: U should :)
Summary: Max hates shoping for clothes. He prefers buying books and electronics online.
Dialogue: Nancy: could any of you please create an event on facebook
Nancy: you know the badminton one
Holly: ok
Patricia: I can do it too
Holly: I'll leave it to you then ;)
Nancy: thanks a lot
Nancy: thanks! I didn't have time and I'm stuck now in a meeting haha
Patricia: no worries!
Summary: Patricia will create a badminton event on Facebook.
Dialogue: Cheryl: Are you coming back?
Ann: Yes mom
Liam: Ann, it's 1, you were supposed to be here at 23
Ann: I'm sorry, we had a problem with the car
Liam: peter's car?
Ann: yes, he is very tired, too tired to drive I think
Liam: tired, right
Cheryl: are you at Paula's?
Cheryl: I'm going to pick you up
Ann: please don't
Cheryl: are you so tired too? I'm on the way anyway
Ann: yes, I am a bit tired as well...
Summary: It's 1. Ann hasn't come back at home at 23 as she was supposed to. She's at Paula's. Peter can't drive her back. Cheryl, her mother, is going to pick her up.
Dialogue: Joan: Have you done the evaluation set for tomorrow?
Becky: Not yet, I'm still thinking how to do it
Becky: Can you send me the template?
Joan: sure
Joan: <file_other>
Summary: Joan sent Becky a template of the evaluation set for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Edward: Until further notice, the canteen staff will not be offering made-to-order food of any kind.
Edward: This is to save costs and staff shortages.
Wendy: I'll put out a memo.
Edward: Signs for the canteen tables would be appropriate as well.
Wendy: No problem.
Summary: The canteen staff will not offer made-to-order food to cut costs. Wendy will put out a memo about it.
Dialogue: Jenny: They have great deals at mxdonalds rn
Jenny: Mc Donalds* 
Steven: Ye? 
Steven: What do they have? 
Jenny: A bigmac with large fries for 5 bucks
Jenny: Only today 
Ivana: Oh 
Ivana: tempting! 
Jenny: haha 
Summary: Today McDonald's offers a bigmac with large fries for 5 bucks.
Dialogue: Sam: I have sent you the invoice for last month.
David: Thanks! I'll check it later.
Sam: Also I think it makes sense to part ways after this month unless you can find someone to replace me sooner.
David: OK. Why do you want to leave?
Sam: Originally you said that you can provide me with 80-100 hours per month but it's never been more than 50 pcm.
David: ...
Sam: ATM it is even less. It's not really viable for me when all I get from you is about 5-6 hours per week spread over 3 days.
David: I see.
David: If you want to leave that's fine. We have been looking for someone to replace you in the meantime anyway.
Sam: OK. How soon do you think you can release me from the contract?
David: Hopefully next week.
Sam: When will you know?
David: Next week. :-)
Sam: OK.
Summary: Sam wants to end the contract with David. In the meantime David was already looking for someone to replace Sam. Hopefully Sam will be released from the contract next week.
Dialogue: Naina: So, what is today's schedule?
Secretary: You have an appointment with the Vice President of Narnia Industries at 11am following which is the lunch party of Amber Group. Mr. Jain has an appointment with you to discuss about a case at 4pm and the dental appointment at 6pm.
Naina: Ok, good. You may go.
Secretary: Thankyou mam.
Summary: Naina wants to find out about today's schedule from her Secretary. Naina has an appointment with the Vice President of Narnia Industries at 11 am. Then she is having lunch party of Amber Group. Naina is seeing Mr. Jain at 4 pm and has the dental appointment at 6 pm.
Dialogue: Peter: I don’t believe in the afterlife but I’m happy to be convinced. Let’s agree on a code word now so whoever goes first can make contact and, importantly, authenticate themselves. Something a charlatan medium would never guess? I suggest ‘full bush’?
Linda: Why full bush?
Peter: Why not?
Linda: Ok, I'm in. But you know this has been done before right?
Peter: What do you mean?
Linda: Houdini. He promised if there was an afterlife, he'd find a way to send a message. If anyone was going to come back it was him
Peter: Everyone's a critic
Summary: Peter doesn't believe in the afterlife but he's happy to be convinced. Linda and Peter agree on a code so whoever goes first can contact the other one.
Dialogue: Kathy: Look what I've bought today
Kathy: <photo>
James: Looks like an old sweater from a second hand ;)
Kathy: You're very kind James
Kathy: I've always known that I can count on you...
James: Sweetie, I'm not dissing you
James: I really like your sweater ;)
Kathy: Oh, are you sure?
James: <gif>
Kathy: <gif>
Kathy: I've got to go. See you tomorrow
James: Ok
James: <3
Summary: Kathy bought a sweater today.
Dialogue: Reese: hey I found another course, it's a bit cheaper and close to my office
Reese: take a look
Reese: <file_other>
Stella: I heard about it... it has good reviews
Alison: is it only Mondays and Thursdays?
Reese: no, it's almost every day, we could choose
Summary: Reese found a cheaper course which is close to her office.
Dialogue: Monica: pls help
Monica: he texted me
Olympia: don't answer!
Olympia: I'll be at your place in 10minutes!
Monica: love you
Summary: Olympia will come to Monica's place in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Paulina: What time are you arriving tomorrow?
Tom: we should land about 1PM
John: But we won't get to Antwerp before 6PM
Paulina: Perfect, since I'm finishing work at 5.30
Paulina: So I can pick you up from the station Berehem
Tom: So nice of you!
John: you don't have to
Paulina: but I'm so happy you're coming
John: <3
Summary: Tom and John are landing at 1PM, and will be in Antwerp around 6PM. Paulina will pick Tom and John at Berehem.
Dialogue: Jeff: You're up late. What are you doing?
Patricia: It's not that late
Jeff:  I'm 5 hours behind, but I know what time is in London now :)
Patricia: I'm writing a translation for an important client
Jeff: You and your translations... won't you try something new?
Patricia: I'm working on it, but you need to have time to look for a job
Patricia: and I have no spare time
Summary: Patricia is in London working on an important translation now and has no time to look for a job. Jeff is 5 hours behind her. His disapproves of her translating activity.
Dialogue: Joanne: where are you?
Phil: on my way 
Phil: give me 15 minutes
Joanne: the dinner is waiting for you 
Joanne: and I am waiting for you 
Phil: I know sweetie 
Phil: I will be home asap 
Summary: Joanne made dinner for Phil and is waiting for him. Phil is going home.
Dialogue: Florence: I've just landed :)
Jack: great, we're planning to have dinner together
Ottilie: Do you have any preferences, Florence?
Florence: not really, I don't know the city
Eleanor: we should go to the riverfront 
Eleanor: it's a nice place
Ottilie: Maybe Mami Wata?
Jack: what is it?
Ottilie: the one with mermaids and a terrace just by the river
Jack: oh, this is not a bad idea
Eleanor: Another option is la terminalia
Ottilie: I really don't like it
Eleanor: why? they have good food
Ottilie: but you've the street just in front of your table
Ottilie: and Mami Wata is calmer 
Eleanor: ok, as you prefer
Jack: so let's go to Mami Wata
Ottilie: I'll make a reservation for 4
Florence: John will join us, so 5 
Ottilie: ok!
Summary: Florence has just landed. Florence, Ottilie, Eleanor, Jack and John will have a dinner at Mami Wata tonight. Ottilie will make a reservation.
Dialogue: Moris: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight? 
Natalia: Hi, Moris! 
Natalia: No, I dont's think so. 
Natalia: I'm not in a social mood today...
Moris: Sorry to hear this :( 
Natalia: Have fun!
Moris: Thank you! Take care Natalia! 
Moris: Hi, it's me again. 
Moris: I know you're not in a social mood today, but I was wondering...
Moris: Maybe you'd like to see a movie instead of going to the pub with everyone? 
Natalia: Hm, sounds better :)
Moris: I've checked some cinemas and this sounds all right: <file_other>
Moris: But I don't know what kind of movies you like. 
Natalia: It seems intersting. We can try it. 
Moris: Really? Great! :)))
Moris: Is 8:30 ok?
Natalia: Where?
Moris: Cinematos
Natalia: yes, I should get there on time
Moris: I can pick you up if you want. 
Natalia: No, that's fine. I'm gonna be quicker by train. 
Moris: OK. So let's me at the cinema. 
Natalia: yep
Summary: Natalia doesn't feel like going to the pub today. She will go to the cinema with Moris instead. They'll meet at 8:30 at the Cinematos.
Dialogue: Dean: Hey, dude, I'm gonna be late.
Bobby: Not again!
Dean: Yeah, well. Tell the guys to wait, ok?
Bobby: Ok, ok. How long? 
Dean: Dunno, 15 minutes? Maybe 20.
Bobby: Shit, dude, it's freezing!
Dean: Sorry. It's not my fault, it's the damn bus, it's late again!
Bobby: Next time take an earlier one :P
Dean: Can't. FIFA isn't going play itself XD
Bobby: Loser! Are you already on the bus?
Dean: Nope, still waiting. 
Bobby: Maybe start walking? :D
Dean: Piss off :P
Bobby: Chad says 10 more minutes and we're starting without you.
Dean: Yay, the friggin' bus is here. Hang on, I'm coming! :D
Summary: Dean is going to be late because he was playing the FIFA video game. If Dean does not arrive in 10 minutes, Bobby and Chad will start without him.
Dialogue: Carly: I'm home now and in all evening
Carly: any news?
Don: Dons gonna be up in the morning to pick the car up
Carly: thank you
Summary: Don will pick the car up in the morning.
Dialogue: McKayla: How do you find your mattress? You guys got a Tempur one, didn't you?
Braden: Yeah
McKayla: I've been thinking about getting one but it's so expensive I thought I'd ask
McKayla: You never know if these reviews online aren't written by employees...
Braden: True
Braden: Well, I like it, I think there's a huge difference compared with my previous one. I feel muuuch more rested.
Braden: And when you consider that you spend a good part of your life in bed... it doesn't hurt as much, haha
McKayla: Yeah, it's an investment
Braden: There are some similar ones from other manufacturers, I guess they might be decent substitutes if you don't want to spend as much?
Braden: We decided to splurge but I think a similar one might be just as good.
McKayla: I'll do some research then. Thanks a lot!
Summary: Braden is happy with his Tempur mattress and advises McKayla to do some research on its cheaper substitutes.
Dialogue: Liz: r u home?
Tim: yeah, why?
Liz: I'm in the neighborhood, can I come by?
Tim: sure, come on in.
Liz: be there in 5.
Tim: perfect :)
Summary: Liz will come by Tim's place in 5 minutes as she's in the neighborhood.
Dialogue: Logan: guys, did you apply for the grant?
Rebecca: I did
Patty: I missed the deadline :(
Logan: Patty, but you had the best chance of us to get it
Patty: But I've been so busy the last days, I've barely slept even
Logan: but it took 10min to apply
Patty: but you need to write a letter of motivation and I just did things mechanically, always late everywhere
Logan: poor you, take a rest!
Patty: I think I will just stay in bed tomorrow
Logan: that's a great idea if you have no obligations tomorrow
Patty: I just don't give a shit anymore
Rebecca: take a meek off, not only a day
Patty: maybe you're right
Summary: Patty has been busy so she has forgotten to apply for a grant. She will spend tomorrow in bed because she is tired. Rebecca thinks a week off is a better idea.
Dialogue: Greta: what do u want 4 dinner?
Mark: maybe some fish?
Greta: with chips?
Mark: and is there any fish without chips?
Greta: right, forgot whom I talking with
Greta: need a lemmon, buy some on your way home
Mark: everything for my fish :D
Summary: Mark wants fish and chips for dinner. He will get some lemon for it on his way home.
Dialogue: Frances: <file_picture>
Frances: Look and guess! Where are we? :D
Harold: OMG, is that Strawberry Café?
Frances: Yes indeed!
Harold: You said you wouldn't have time off?
Frances: well one of the meetings got cancelled so we decided to go for a coffee :D
Harold: lucky ducky! Have fun then…
Harold: <file_gif>
Frances: we surely will! Hugs!
Summary: One of the meetings was cancelled and Frances is at Strawberry Café.
Dialogue: Patrick: Is Daniel still fixing phones?
Greg: No idea, did you break it again?
Patrick: This stuff's shit. I dropped it once, ONCE!
Greg: Geez man
Patrick: what?! It fell on a carpet and it broke, how's this even possible
Greg: It happens. Does it work?
Patrick: Yeah, I think. It's probably just the screen
Greg: Hm, I'm afraid Daniel won't fix it then. He deals with more technical stuff.
Patrick: Oh great, it's going to cost a fortune ;/
Greg: Sorry man, what do you have?
Patrick: Iphone 7, just got it
Greg: damn quite pricey
Patrick: Tell me about it, here goes my ticket to Tomorrowland
Greg: You sure you can't use as it is? Mine broke half a year ago, but as it works and I still see everything...
Patrick: I can barely text you bro, no way, I have to change it
Summary: Patrick broke the screen in his iPhone 7 and can barely see anything. Greg is afraid that Daniel can't fix it as he deals rather with technical problems.
