Dialogue: Greta: Hello, how are you doing?
Raisa: Good, things are ok, you too?
Greta: Well, my family are nice, mother not so much!
Raisa: She is bitch? Oh no, bad luck for you.
Greta: Not bitch really, she follows me around the house, though!
Raisa: Oh, sorry! I had mother like that 2 years ago, I did leave, went home to Estonia!
Greta: No, I do not want to return to Germany, I have the boyfriend here!
Raisa: Oh yes, I know😁, what he named?
Greta: It's Ieuan, he's Welsh😍
Raisa: I do not know how you produce that name!
Greta: Hmm, is difficult, it is said Yi-an, to rhyme like Lion.
Raisa: Oh, I see, still difficult, you tell me on cell phone later?
Greta: Of Course! No, mother is suspicious, she thinks I am theef.
Raisa: You are not thief! She is English cow!
Greta: I agree, I am nervous there, but the kids are lovely.
Raisa: You must decide what to do! Call agency?
Greta: Yes, speak to Miriam! She will advise, good thought!
Raisa: Thanks, you're welcome! You come pub after work Friday?
Greta: Yes, I love English pubs! Will be there at 7.30pm.
Raisa: Love to see you, look forward.
Greta: Me too, bye. I will call Miriam for good advice, bye!
Summary: Greta works in Englad as an au-pair. She doesn't like the mom's behaviour. Raisa advises Greta to call the agency. Both girls are meeting in a pub on Friday after work.
Dialogue: John: Hi Hun, just please don't panic.
Allison: What happened?
John: Were @ the emergency, Tommy fell off the monkey bars.
John: It seems like he broke his arm.
Allison: OK, I'm leaving the office.
John: Just please don't drive, take a taxi.
Summary: Allison is taking a taxi from her office to the emergency, as Tommy fell off the monkey bars.
Dialogue: Kate: Can I bring sb to the party?
Kai: Is the "sb" me?
Ann: Sure, you can! Everybody can, even should!
Kate: Lol, Kai!
Summary: Everyone can bring someone to Ann's party.
Dialogue: Parker: I want to buy a new jacket.
Stephanie: What's wrong with the one that you have?
Parker: I want diversity LOL
Andy: Do you need us?
Parker: Actually YES ;-) I could use your opinion.
Andy: Go ahead!
Parker: So I have those two models...
Parker:  <file_photo>
Parker: <file_photo>
Parker: Which do you think is better?
Andy: 1, no doubt about it!!
Stephanie: I prefer the 2nd 
Andy: No way, where would you wear that? It's not your style at all...
Summary: Parker wants to buy a new jacket and needs his friends' opinion. Andy likes the first model better, while Stephanie would choose the second one.
Dialogue: Tracy: Are you ok?
Lottie: I'm fine. Why?
Tracy: You didn't come to the dinner
Tracy: I thought you might be sick
Lottie: I told you I couldn't come. I'm out of town
Tracy: You did
Tracy: Sorry, menopausal brain...
Lottie: lol
Lottie: Did you guys have fun?
Tracy: It was really nice
Tracy: It's a pity you couldn't make it
Tracy: But maybe next time
Lottie: For sure
Summary: Lottie couldn't come to dinner. Tracy forgot Lottie couldn't come. 
Dialogue: Perpetual: Hey baby
Kelvin: What's up hun?
Perpetual: Frank stepped by today. He wanted to talk to you.
Kelvin: Ooh. I saw his missed call.
Kelvin: I'll call him later to know what he wanted.
Perpetual: Okay.
Kelvin: See you later. I love you
Perpetual: Love you more.
Summary: Frank was trying to reach Kelvin on the phone. He even stepped by his place. Kevin will call him back as he was informed by Perpetual about Frank looking for him.
Dialogue: Joan: How was the date?
Linda: Surprisingly nice
Joan: Why "surprisingly"?
Linda: I really don't like blind dates
Joan: So why did you go there?
Linda: I didn't want to offend Lia, who arranged the whole thing.
Joan: But after all it was nice!
Linda: Yes, it was. He's quite cute and very clever.
Joan: What's he doing in life?
Linda: He's an architect 
Joan: a bit of money, a bit of art
Linda: HAHHAHA
Joan: Will you meet again?
Linda: We exchanged numbers, so we will see
Joan: Great!
Summary: Linda went to a blind date organised by Lia. She liked it. Her date was cute and clever, he is working as an architect. They exchanged numbers.
Dialogue: Daniel: man, I just finished the best anime ever!
Daniel: and that's only a bit of an overstatement ;)
Tyler: what's the title?
Daniel: Grand Blue
Tyler: doesn't ring a bell
Tyler: what it's about?
Daniel: technically it's an anime about diving
Tyler: technically?
Daniel: at least that's the premise
Daniel: but in reality it's more about drinking
Daniel: a lot of drinking
Daniel: it should be called - Alcohol The Anime :P
Tyler: what's so good about that?
Daniel: it's just hilarious
Daniel: you know that I love funny stuff
Daniel: and it was funny as hell
Tyler: do you think I'll enjoy it?
Daniel: can't say that for sure
Daniel: but I would definitely recommend trying it
Tyler: I'll put it on my "to watch" list
Daniel: you won't regret it
Tyler: your last recommendation was pure gold so I'll trust you on this as well ;)
Daniel: Eyeshield 21?
Tyler: yeah
Daniel: best sports anime by far!
Tyler: it's up there at least
Tyler: with a few others ;)
Daniel: blasphemy ;)
Tyler: :P
Summary: Daniel has just finished watching Grand Blue anime series, recommending it to Tyler. Tyler will put Grand Blue on his "to watch" list. 
Dialogue: Frida: hiya where u at?
Samuel: 2 stops away
Frida: it's coooold gonna wait inside
Samuel: k be right there
Summary: Samuel is two stops away. Frida will be waiting inside.
Dialogue: Bradley: It's very safe. Not like they make it look on TV
Julianna: Hehe I told them that also that tv will never show anything nice
Bradley: True...
Julianna: But in general I think Europe is safer because here we have different law. I mean we have too much law
Bradley: Haha
Julianna: E.g here if a teacher even touches a children's arm, he or she can have problems with police and law. Because it might be a sign of pedophilia or children sexual harassment
Bradley: Ok
Julianna: That's sick a bit hehe but on the other hand sometimes it's ok
Bradley: Haha ok how ?
Julianna: Because there are pedophiles in that world
Bradley: They are everywhere
Julianna: And when someone hits a child that person should be punished
Summary: Julianna tells Bradley about Europe's law and the approach towards pedophiles.
Dialogue: Mike: Let's go for a bike ride
Brenda: Let's! The weather is great!
Fred: 👍
Fred: Maybe we can go to Grantchester?
Brenda: Great idea!!
Mike: When are guys ready?
Brenda: I'm ready!
Fred: Me too
Mike: Ok. let's meet at the PL in 10 minutes.
Summary: Brenda, Fred and Mike will go on a bike ride to Grantchester. They will meet at the PL in 10 minutes. 
Dialogue: Macy: when is the deadline for our project?
Macy: next monday or thursday
Sloane: next monday :)
Macy: oh shit, i better start working faster
Veronica: yeah, monday - please make sure you have your part ready
Veronica: Monica will be mad if we don't deliver it on time
Summary: The deadline for the project is next Monday. Monica will be angry if Veronica, Macy and Sloane don't meet the deadline. 
Dialogue: Fred: Wanna go see the match
Fred: at the pub 
Brian: sure
Brian: just let me check
Fred: wifey not letting you go lol
Brian: fuck off, the kid is sick
Summary: Fred and Brian want to go to see the match at the pub, but Brian has to check if it's possible for him. Brian's child is sick.
Dialogue: Steve: we went to see 'Clergy' yesterday. Have you seen it?
Paul: I have.
Luke: me too. 
Luke: what do you think? 
Steve: they made so much publicity about it beforehand, and I expected god knows what.
Steve: in fact, it was not so shocking to me. 
Paul: right, but it was quite impressive.
Paul: I particularly liked the scene when they were partying and drinking hard, at the beginning.
Luke: yeah, it was good! Drinking, crazy games.
Paul: Janusz Gajos rocked as a priest. His drunken scene was a masterpiece!
Luke: yeah, respect to the man.
Steve: and the ending was shocking to me. 
Steve: the only good dude didnt end up well
Luke: sad
Paul: yep
Summary: Steve, Paul and Luke have all seen the film 'Clergy'. It was not as shocking as they'd thought. 
Dialogue: Norma: Should we meet tonight for a pint?
Lenny: yes yes yes!
Jackie: sure, would be nice to catch up
Norma: about 8?
Lenny: I'd prefer 6-6.30 even
Lenny: Marie wants to go out later as well and we can't leave Nicky alone
Norma: sure, 6.30 is fine for me
Jackie: for me as well
Summary: Norma, Lenny and Jackie are meeting tonight for a pint around 6.30.
Dialogue: Heather: Was that his brother?
Emery: which one?
Heather: One with muscular body
Emery: yeah he was Emily's brother
Heather: He looks cool
Emery: Yeah He is
Heather: But i dont like Emily
Emery: neither do I :p
Summary: Emily's brother has a muscular body.
Dialogue: Gabriela: hey i just wanted to ask you something
Malik: yeah?
Gabriela: i mean, i don't want to argue or sth, jus curious
Malik: ok....?
Gabriela: why didn't you two sit with me at the meeting?
Malik: what do you mean?
Gabriela: i mean, there were exactly two empty seats next to me and you sat right in front of me
Malik: oh. sorry. i didn't even notice that
Malik: we were discussing sth and didn't really pay any attention to where we were sitting down
Gabriela: ok  
Malik: u sure?
Gabriela: yeah it's fine. tx.
Summary: Malik didn't sit next to Gabriela because he was engaged in conversation.
Dialogue: Lia: Are all of the things served there Polish?
Marion: hahah, I doubt
Tomasz: I have never drunk vodka with milk
Tomasz: so I'm not sure really
Patty: and the sausages?
Tomasz: yes, they are fairly Polish
Marion: and the strange thing like sponge in chocolate?
Tomasz: it's called bird's milk hahaha
Marion: sorry, it's quite disgusting
Marion: but vodka is delicious hahaha
Tomasz: I like the sweet
Tomasz: reminds me of my childhood, but most of foreigners dislike it indeed
Marion: but they like vodka :P
Tomasz: LOL
Summary: Lia, Marion, Patty and Tomasz are in a place where Polish food and drinks are served. 
Dialogue: Bob: Wheres my iPad again?
Rose: Oh, my room, I’m sorry 
Bob: How many times will I have to tell you? You don’t touch my stuff!!!
Rose: I know, I just needed to check sth and my laptop was…updating xd for hours!
Bob: I don’t care, its shitty behavior, plus its disrespectful.
Rose: Cmon, I just borrowed sth from you! Which I REALLY needed!
Bob: Borrowed. Without me knowing about it, perfect -_-
Rose: It was a school thing!
Bob: Yea I bet.
Rose: U get angry about stupid things.
Bob: I just don’t fell good about you entering my room whenever you like! Taking my things!!
Rose: It’s nothing, you wouldnt have noticed anyway.
Bob: So it is NOT the first time??!!!
Rose: … I didn’t… say that
Bob: That’s it, my calling mum.
Rose: No! Just… Please, she’s already angry at me, I’ll do what you want!
Bob: I’m having a party when parents will be away. You are out and you don’t say a thing to them about it.
Rose: Deal!!
Summary: Bob can't find his iPad, because Rose borrowed it. He is upset, because Rose borrowed it without asking. He doesn't like Rose entering his room without his permission. Bob threatens Rose to call parents. Bob won't call parents, if Rose won't tell them about his party. 
Dialogue: James: Hi Abby, could you remind me where we meet?
Abby: Bella Italia :)
Abby: in the city center
James: Right, forgot - is it any good? Never been there :)
Abby: It's great. Delicious food, cheap wine and they play wonderful Italian music in the background <3
James: nice!! 7 o'clock?
Abby: <file_photo>
James: I'm drooling :D
Summary: James and Abby meet in Bella Italia at 7 PM.
Dialogue: Gale: Hey hon, Ralph's teacher just called and told me that Ralph was caught fighting some other boys. They want us to go in after school.
Nick: Again? That's the third time this week!
Gale: I know :/ Do you think he's acting out because of the move?
Nick: Hon, we knew this might happen.
Gale: I know, I just didn't think things would get this bad.
Nick: We'll figure it out :) We always do ;)
Gale: Thanks hon :)
Nick: Do you want me to go to the meeting?
Gale: Are you sure that won't be a problem? I have some things that still need taking care of at work.
Nick: It's no problem love :) Although I was hoping you'ld relax a little more after the promotion.
Gale: I know, i've been needing a little downtime too. xx
Summary: Ralph was caught fighting some boys at school and his teacher wants to meet Gale and Nick. This is the third time this week already. As Gale is busy at work, Nick will go to the meeting with the teacher.
Dialogue: Alison: Alright everyone. Jeff is turning 35 on Dec 18. Eli is planning a surprise party for him at his house. He waned us all to come to make Jeff feel somewhat young again and bring back memories. So let's do this!
Nick: I'm down
George: I'm in
Lisa: sound cool! what do I bring?
Allison: you don't have to bring anything unless you have some special dietary requirements.
Helen: I would be happy to chip in for a gift or supplies of whatever
George: Same here
Alison: That's cool guys! donations always welcome
Helen: I will bring sangria too and some old pics
Summary: Eli is planning a surprise party for Jeff at his house on his 35th birthday on December 18th. Alison, Nick, George, Lisa and Helen will attend. Helen and George want to chip in for a gift for Jeff. Helen will bring sangria and old pictures.
Dialogue: Donna: could I borrow 10 bucks? didn't take my wallet with me this morning
Alex: sure
Donna: thanks <3
Summary: Donna does not have her wallet on her this morning. Alex will lend her 10 dollars.
Dialogue: Jim: hi guys! Come to visit me in Edinburgh
Tony: I've never been to Scotland, but I'd prefer to go to the seaside
Jim: lol, Edinburgh is on the coast
Tony: what?
Mia: hahah, of course it is
Grace: I think Tony confused it with Glasgow
Tony: I've just googled it. Fuck! It's true
Tony: I've been so sure all my life that it's inland
Jim: so now you've to visit me here
Tony: I really should
Tony: also to say sorry to the royal city
Tony: I could come next weekend
Jim: perfect
Jim: and everybody else is silent... 
Grace: I'm planning to visit as well, write you later
Summary: Tony didn't realise that Edinburgh is on the seaside. He and Grace are going to visit Jim in Edinburgh.
Dialogue: Kelly: any healthy dessert ideas for kids?
Robin: homemade pumpkin or carrot muffins, banana ice cream, (fruit juice) jelly 
Kelly: fruit juice jelly- love the idea! :)
Tara: dried fruit (eg prunes), kale+banana smoothie, pear muffins
Sam: kale?! seriously?
Tara: if you mix it with bananas you won't notice it! promise! 
Gina: yoghurt + fresh fruit 
Kelly: don't mixing dairy products with fruit..
Nancy: dark chocolate 
Alice: pancakes with maple syrup and fresh fruit
Daniel: all sounds yummy and healthy! ;)
Summary: Kelly is looking for healthy dessert ideas for kids. She should try homemade muffins, banana ice cream, fruit juice jelly, dried fruit, kale+banana smoothie, yoghurt and fresh fruit, dark chocolate, pancakes with maple syrup and fresh fruit.
Dialogue: Donovan: hey love, the fridge smells really bad
Donovan: gross, actually
Donovan: the smell is coming from a green plastic box
Donovan: can i throw it away?
Beverly: NO!!!!
Beverly: DON'T THROW IT AWAY!!!!
Donovan: ok....
Donovan: why?
Beverly: it's some very expensive imported cheese
Beverly: i got it yesterday :-D
Beverly: it smells horrible but tastes delicious lol
Summary: Donovan doesn't like the smell of Beverly's very expensive cheese.
Dialogue: Jamal: <file_photo>
Terry: Taj Mahal!
Maria: Yes, we visited it today with Jamal
Ken: it's such a beautiful mosque!
Maria: it's not a mosque!
Ken: what?
Maria: it's a mausoleum
Ken: I've always thought it's a mosque
Jamal: many people think so
Maria: it is a mausoleum that an emperor commissioned for his favourite wife
Maria: I think her name was Mumtaz Mahal
Jamal: correct! :D what a good pupil!
Maria: haha, because it's such a romantic story
Maria: 20000 people built the Taj Mahal, it's so monumental
Ken: what does the name mean?
Maria: Taj is a short version of Mumtaz
Maria: and Mumtaz Mahal means "Crown of the Palace"
Ken: wow
Maria: Jamal was an amazing guide today
Ken: I wish I was there with you
Summary: Maria and Jamal visited Taj Mahal today. It's a mausoleum that an emperor commissioned for his wife Mumtaz Mahal.
Dialogue: Jackson: <file_video>
Martha: wtf xD
Mike: god XDDDDD go buck to studying Jackson
Martha: exactly!!!!!!
Jackson: fuck studying, I'm not even gonna pass this year xd
Summary: Martha and Mike got a video from Jackson. He doesn't want to study as he is not gonna pass this year.
Dialogue: William: Are you going home for Christmas?
Brian: I'm staying in Italy
Amy: I'm going to Paris to visit a friend
William: so I'll travel alone this time :(
Summary: Brian and Amy are not going home for Christmas, so WIlliam will travel alone. 
Dialogue: Elen: change of plans!
Jim: Again?!?
Elen: yup, but look at the weather
Jim: oh, I see
Summary: Elen changed the plans due to the weather.
Dialogue: Aly: Did you watch the news tonight?
Mick: Yep. The Tories are falling to bits. Good riddance to them I say.
Aly: The less Gammon the better. LOL
Mick: You can say that again!
Aly: I hate them all! Smug fat pigs the whole lot of them!
Mick: Oh but they're giving us our country back... and installing the will of the people... LOL
Aly: Like it wasn't ours before... If I hear the will of the people one more time I'll vomit. 
Mick: Well the Gammon have spoken and the gov't is just doing it's job ;-)
Aly: Like fuck they are! The only thing they're doing or installing is a dictatorship with the Orange Baboon at the helm.
Mick: Are you throwing your dummy out the pram Aly? ;-)
Aly: Damn right I am! Along with a home made Molotov... 
Mick: Careful GCHQ might be listening.... 
Aly: Hope they bloody well are! 
Mick: They'll mark you as a person of interest and you'll become a domestic terrorist...
Aly: [pulls back the curtain and checks out the window]. Nah, all clear no man in black out there. LOL
Mick: Hehe... yeah cause this is not a police state at all.
Aly: The whole damn thing is a farce. I wish people would get up off their arses, realise that they've been duped and do something about it.
Mick: Nah, you'll never get a keyboard warrior out onto the streets. They'll sit and whine, fight and judge but when it comes to any action they'll all of the sudden have better things to do or another cause to fight on social media. Eh, people!
Aly: Yep. Sometimes I wonder why I even bother.
Mick: Me too.
Summary: Aly and Mick are discussing the current political situation in the UK.
Dialogue: Mary: Hi guys, we (me & Tom of course) want to go for some bigger holidays this summer, and for the first time with the children
Mary: Do you have any suggestions? We were thinking about the Maldives, but they seem quite expensive
Tom: So maybe you have some other ideas/experiences/alternatives?
Jeff: oh, wow! I would never go to the Maldives with my salary
Tom: Is it that bad?
Jeff: of course! and I don't think it's particularly good for families
Amanda: No, it's one of those typical lovers destinations I think
Mary: So what? We'd like to do something more exotic for once
Amanda: If you want to go the Indian Ocean you should rather choose Mauritius 
Jeff: Yes, we really enjoyed it 2 years ago
Jeff: it's safe, not too expensive and amazing for children
Mary: ok, we didn't know, magazines are full of the Maldives now
Jeff: I think they are having an advertisement campaign now
Mary: what air lines would you suggest to make it comfortable but also cut the costs?
Jeff: British Airways has some good offers sometimes
Jeff: But we always fly with Air France honestly 
Mary: why?
Jeff: I like their style, offers, even food on board 
Mary: haha, ok, so we will check them
Tom: we'll keep you posted here in case we have some more questions
Jeff: sure, feel free to ask!
Mary: thanks!
Summary: Mary and Tom need some suggestions for bigger summer holidays with children and Amanda. Jeff recommends Mauritius instead of Maldives as it's not that expensive and nice for children. Jeff suggests flying with British Airways even though he always flies with Air France.
Dialogue: Jackie: I dont know why I've been shaking
Jackie: all day
Hiram: Werent u shaking before?
Jackie: Nope
Jackie: I mean yes, sometimes
Hiram: Maybe you're just tired
Jackie: :( probably
Hiram: Go to sleep early :)
Jackie: I will try 
Hiram: Sleeping is good for you
Hiram: I guess you've been working a lot lately 
Jackie: Yeah
Jackie: Also its been a lot of overthinking lately
Hiram: I see 
Hiram: Dont worry too much 
Hiram: Dont drink coffee
Hiram: Water tea
Hiram: If you feel worse then tea and water 
Jackie: Hiram thanks 
Hiram: take care yo 
Summary: Jackie has been shaking all day. She should go to sleep early, not worry too much and drink tea and water instead of coffee.
Dialogue: Nina: Did you get paid this month?
Tara: I think so.
Tara: Haven't checked the bank TBH.
Nina: Can you pls?
Tara: OK. Give me 15 min.
Nina: No worries.
Tara: Checked and this month's pay has gone through.
Nina: Mine hasn't.
Nina: That's why I was asking.
Tara: :-( That sucks!
Tara: Specially with it being a weekend and all that.
Nina: Yep. Exactly.
Tara: Since my one went through it is probably just your bank being slack.
Nina: Yeah prolly.
Nina: Have to get onto them first thing Monday morning.
Tara: Then straight onto HR to make sure they didn't fuck shit up again.
Nina: Happy Happy! Joy! Joy!
Nina: Yet more shit to deal with.
Nina: As though the list wasn't long enough already.
Tara: Hope they sort it out for you on Monday. It sucks being without money.
Summary: Tara's salary for this month has enterd in her bank account while Nina's still hasn't. Nina's going to ask her bank about the transfer on Monday morning.
Dialogue: Sarah: <file_photo>
Sarah: What should I call him? :)
Kate: omg he's sooo cute!!! <3
Kate: How did you get him?
Sarah: My friend's dog gave birth and here he is, he has one brother and two sisters if you're interested ;)
Kate: hahaha, no, I can't afford having a dog now
Sarah: So what should I call him? Biscuit or Adonis?
Kate: I don't like Biscuit, so maybe Adonis?
Sarah: I was also thinking about Button
Kate: Perfect! much better, Button's cool :)
Summary: Sarah has a new dog and is thinking about calling him Button. 
Dialogue: John: Hello everyone! I’m thinking about buying a cross trainer. Does anyone of you have any experience in using it at home? Could you maybe recommend me something?
Anna: Hi John! I bought my first cross trainer a couple of years ago and I have been using one ever since. The type of the machine greatly depends on your built and how much many you would like to spend.
John: My budget is quite limited as is the space in my living room…
Michael: I’d advise you to first measure the room to know how big the machine can actually be for you to exercise comfortably and effectively.
Tom: Waste of money, most expensive cloth hanger
John: Hahaha, I hope it won’t be in my case. I’m quite determined to lose some weight. I’m tall and a bit overweight, so I worry that I may break the machine
Anna: Don’t worry about that. It shouldn’t be a problem, but have a look at the specs just in case.
Michael: When it comes to the price, cheaper models don’t have as many electronic options as the more expensive do, but I’d advise you to invest in it if you’re being serious about losing weight.
John: Why’s that?
Michael: You can always exercise with your phone and an app, but it’s not the most comfortable way (tried it myself). It’s good to have at least three preinstalled programmes like weight-loss, interval, etc. Then the machine will think for you.
Anna: My first cross trainer didn’t have such options and I must admit that I was also training with my phone and keeping my times. Now, when the old broke, I bought a “fancier” model and I definitely don’t regret it
John: Do you have any company you can recommend? Or a specific model?
Susan: I have OBE8731 Powerstride 18" Rear Drive and I think it’s ok.
Anna: I think that in case of cross trainer it really goes down to the price range. You won’t be able to buy a really good equipment cheaply.
Michael: I agree, especially if you’re determined and interested in your scores. It may sound silly, but I think tracking your progress helps to lose weight.
John: Thank you so much for your advice! I can’t spend too much, but I don’t want to throw my money away on something that won’t serve me…
Anna: Sure, again, in my opinion it is a thing worth investing in. Look up some tutorials and exercise plans in Google, it will also help you out to achieve your goal.
Michael: Good luck!
Summary: John wants to buy a cross trainer but he has both a limited budget and space for it. His friends advise him to invest in more expensive machine if he's determined to achieve his goals.
Dialogue: Brayden: You won't believe it. This dumb doctor prescribed me only 1 box of my medication.
Brayden: It will last me 15 days.15 DAYS!!!
Zane: That's weird... Maybe he made a mistake?
Brayden: Idk, a lady that handed me the prescription didn't let me talk to the doctor.:/
Brayden: I told her that it's nonsense, that I have a chronic disease.
Brayden: You know, that I need to take this medication for my WHOLE LIFE and that this prescription looks like a joke to me.
Brayden: It was like talking to a brick wall.
Zane: So what are you going to do?
Brayden: I'll probably have to make an appointment and talk to the doctor personally.
Brayden: But it's just a complete and utter waste of time.
Zane: :/ I don't know, how could I help you. :(
Brayden: Oh, I just needed to let off steam.
Brayden: Sorry for complaining to you.
Zane: It's ok, you can complain to me whenever you need to. ;)
Brayden: :)
Summary: A doctor prescribed Brayden medication for 15 days. Since Brayden has a chronic disease, he has to make another appointment with the doctor soon.
Dialogue: Tia: Hiya, I wanted to take Ollie to the cinema Saturday is that ok with you?
Claire: Yeah of course, he'll love it! x
Tia: have you got his discount card somewhere? 
Claire: Yeah I'll bring it when I drop him off. Are you still ok to keep him until after dinner? x
Tia: yup, Betty will love it. Not sure how much they will eat after a bucket of popcorn though! 😆
Claire: I'm sure deep down popcorn is a vegetable! x
Tia: indeed. Elaine, are you joining us?
Elaine: ah that sounds lovely but we are going to see family in York this weekend. Have fun!
Claire: which film are you watching? x
Tia: the new Mary Poppins, Betty has been asking for it for ages. Thought Saturday might be a good opp. Enjoy your trip Elaine!
Claire: Cool! I heard it's good. Hope Ollie behaves for you... x
Tia: I'm sure he will!  
Summary: Tia will take Ollie and Betty to the cinema on Saturday. They will watch Marry Poppins. Claire will bring Ollie and his discount card. Ollie will stay at Tia's for dinner. Elaine won't join, she will visit her family in York.  
Dialogue: Scarlett: I got two tickets for a ballet on Friday evening.
Scarlett: Would you like to go with me?
Victoria: Hi, thanks for asking, but I already have plans. 
Scarlett: It's a pity :( 
Victoria: Yes. I'd like to go with you, but we are invited to Peter's friends for diner. 
Scarlett: I see. 
Scarlett: So, how is it between you two?
Victoria: Oh, you know. 
Victoria: Sometimes it's better, sometimes worse...
Scarlett: You don't sound enthusiastic about it...
Victoria: Maybe I'm a bit tired.
Scarlett: Of Peter?
Victoria: Of some of his vices.
Scarlett: Like what?
Scarlett: Not that he doesn't have vices...
Victoria: Well, sometimes he's very undecided and it drives me mad. 
Victoria: Or too childlish. 
Scarlett: Did you talk about it?
Victoria: I hinted it once or twice.
Scarlett: If you want him to understant what you mean, you have to shout it loud and clear, not hint.
Victoria: You're probably right... 
Victoria: Maybe I'll try. 
Scarlett: I know it may be tiring, but don't give up so easily. You make a lovely couple!
Victoria: Thanks! 
Summary: Victoria can't go to a ballet with Scarlet as she's having a dinner with Peter's friends. Victoria will probably talk to Peter about his behavior. Scarlet doesn't want her to give up easily but just be clear.
Dialogue: Mary: Love to know your tips on saving money on a daily basis!
Greg: we cut back on heating, water, electricity
Mary: seems easy!
Ben: we always follow our shopping list and buy non-brand products at the supermarket
Greg: they are much cheaper and of good quality too
Nick: try cheaper shops like Asda, Lidl, Aldi
Peter: we plan meals so as not to throw food away and we have take-away only in emergency
Greg: some people throw away loads! such a waste!
Mary: we try not to do that, my mother taught me it’s a sin! ;)
Ben: some products are cheaper in huge bags, buy seasonal fruit & veg, eat less meat
Mary: meat is very expensive, isn’t it?!
Emma: i save a lot on packed lunches, homemade soups and cakes
Peter: cancel Sky and go for Netflix
Tom: give up alcohol and cigarettes perhaps
Mary: i don’t drink at all and i’m not a smoker! X
Tom: at all?! Yeah, whatever!
Sam: never leave a house without snacks for kids! Haha!
Greg: we simply try not to buy thing that we don’t need!
Tom: when i go shopping for extra stuff i always carry cash with me and i leave my card at home!
Peter: quit the gym, netflix and other stuff if you don’t actually use them!
Zara: i save up every month to pay off my mortgage quicker
Greg: switch to tap water- a lot cheaper than bottled water and better for the environment too!
Mary: that is awesome!
Summary: They give Mary a lot of advice on how to save up money. For instance, she can do her shopping in cheaper supermarkets, buy non-brand products and avoid throwing food away or switch to drinking tap water.
Dialogue: Brooklyn: hi!
Brooklyn: could you give me a lift from the railway station?
Brooklyn: i've packed too much luggage, i look like a loaded camel
Emerson: hey
Emerson: yeah, sure
Emerson: at what time does your train arrive?
Brooklyn: at 15.40
Brooklyn: thanks a lot!!
Emerson: no problem ;)
Summary: Emerson will pick up Brooklyn at the train station at 15.40.
Dialogue: Jude: Did you say you’re going to take a vacation next month?
Ruth: Yes, my family and I are going to New York for a week. Can't wait for it, never been there.
Jude: I envy you. I haven’t had a vacation for a long time. I wish I could get away for a while.
Ruth: You can take a vacation sometime soon, can’t you?
Jude: No, there’s too much work to do. Maybe next year, though.
Summary: Ruth is going for a 1-week vacation to New York with her family.
Dialogue: Luke: Hey, do you have the latest episode of suits?
Daisy: ep 8 or 9?
Luke: i think 9, 8 i have watched
Daisy: well, if its 9 i already have.
Luke: Save it in your flash drive then i'll come for it
Daisy: cool, youll let me know when you come
Luke: okay, i will
Daisy: Nice
Summary: Daisy will save episode 9 of Suits on a flash drive and give it to Luke.
Dialogue: Mateo: Could you lend me the latest Cabre's novel?
Alaina: Sure :)
Alaina: Which one is it?
Mateo: "I confess", I guess. But it doesn't really matter, I've only read "The Voices of Panamo".
Alaina: And you've fallen in love, huh? :)
Mateo: Of course, I have! He's absolutely amazing!! 
Alaina: Yeah and the best thing is that all of his novels are very similar yet very different from each other. You'll see it yourself. ;)
Mateo: I can't wait! :)
Summary: Alaina will lend Mateo a novel by Cabre. 
Dialogue: Emily: hey Paul 🙂 long time no see
Paul: Emily 🙂 what's new?
Emily: idk where to start
Emily: I moved to Glasgow with my new boyfriend Jamie
Emily: I study economics there
Paul: that is a lot to take in at once, wait
Paul: what happened to your old boyfriend?
Emily: nothing really. like it was nothing going on between the two of us lol
Paul: I understand
Paul: hope you're feeling better in a new relationship 🙂
Emily: I do
Paul: so how is Glasgow treatin you?
Emily: I'm stilll exploring the city, but so far so good
Paul: good to hear that
Emily: this is a new beginning for me, new people, new place 🙂
Paul: good luck with all that
Emily: thanks, I gotta go now, I'll talk to you later
Paul: okie dokie
Summary: Emily moved to Glasgow with her new boyfriend Jamie, and she's studying economics there.
Dialogue: Danielle: Did you feed the cat?
Dustin: yup, why do you ask?
Danielle: You forgot to the other day, just wanted to make sure you had fed it.
Dustin: well, i did
Danielle: Thanks!
Summary: Dustin fed the cat.
Dialogue: Raj: Mom, have you seen my good winter jacket? can't find it anywhere
Lakshmi: Sweetie, did you check the hallway closet? All our winter stuff should be there.
Sanjay: You should start paying more attention to your belongings, Raj, your mother will not always be around to find everything for you
Raj: Thank, Mom! will check! Dad, if you can;t help, please stay out of it, thanks! I just thought it would be faster to ask Mom, geez... like you don't do the same thing!
Summary: Raj is looking for his winter jacket. He should check in the hallway closet.
Dialogue: Adam: Good evening! I am your neighbour from 4, I got your number from our landlord. I have some bad news - from your apartment I can hear some weird and loud noises. I was knocking on the doors but no one answered and the noises didn't stop
Ewa: so what?
Adam: Noises coming from your apartment bother not only me but all the neighbours
Ewa: once again, so wat? that my house and i do what i want
Adam: We are sharing the building together and we have to take into account we are not alone here. There are old people that deserve some peace, small kids that want to sleep and adults, that need to rest after hard work. Please be more considerate
Ewa: wtf dude, leave me alone
Adam: I am asking you one more time, turn off your music
Ewa: fuckk off
Adam: I am calling police
Ewa: fuck you too
Summary: There is a loud noise coming from Ewa's flat, which bothers Adam and her other neighbours. Ewa refuses to turn it down. Adam is calling the police.
Dialogue: Ingmar: hi guys I'll be visiting London this week so please give me some recommendations on restaurants and places that locals like
Kevin: I'm not going out much but my favorite place is Dino's pizza place at Bottom Alley 50
Miranda: Soho is great but it's expensive as fuck
Xiao: Mimi Creperie is mindblowing, especially if you love French sweets
Ingmar: cool thx
Summary: Ingmar's coming to London and asks for recommendations. Kevin recommends him Dino's pizza, Xiao Mimi Creperie.
Dialogue: Tony: Dear Ann and Mark, have a wonderful Christmas and salsa-filled New Year's night!
Tony: <file_photo>
Mark: And a merry Christmas and happy New Year to you and Helen!
Mark: <file_photo>
Summary: Tony and Mark are exchanging Christmas greetings.
Dialogue: Mike: Did you watch Juventus yesteday?
Annie: Nope
Mike: I thought your Italian boyfriend turned into a fan
Annie: Well, he kind of did
Mike: So why didn't you watch the match?
Annie: Because, you know, I dumped him
Mike: Whaaaaaaaaaaat?!? When? Why?
Annie: Oh come on, Pietro was a prick
Mike: Actually I thought you were some kind of perfect couple
Annie: Yeah, right... nope, he was an asshole
Mike: I'm really confused now
Annie: Yep, after the first couple of months he became unbeararable
Mike: Why? I would have never imagined that
Annie: Well, we were good at pretending
Mike: Damn, I'm sorry
Annie: He's a really awful guy
Mike: But did he do something bad? I mean...
Annie: Yep, he did one awful thing
Mike: And what was that?
Annie: He saw his girlfriend's messenger was open and wrote some fake messages to Mike to troll him XD
Mike: What? :O
Annie: I trolled you hard, Mikey! Lol
Mike: Wtf... Pietro?
Annie: Yeah, it's me XD And by the way Annie and I are the perfect couple indeed
Mike: Shit
Annie: And she loved watching the match with me
Mike: Ok XD But you're still a douchebag XD
Annie: Only to my best bros XD
Summary: Pietro fooled Mike into believing he broke up with Annie. Pietro and Annie watched Juventus match yesterday.
Dialogue: Smith: Did you hear a cat last night?
Audree: No! I sleep through everything. Was it meowing or what?
Smith: Like howling!
Audree: Probably in heat!
Summary: Audree didn't hear the cat howling last night.
Dialogue: Sam: I have those samples for your wife Jack
Jack: Oh awesome, she's gonna be so happy
Sam: Sorry for the delay, we were waiting for new colors
Jessica: Sam, finally! I have the crew on hold for weeks 
Summary: After weeks of delay, Sam has got those samples for Jessica.
Dialogue: Gene: When will you be home, hon?
Rosa: I should be home by 6.30. Why?
Gene: I'm thinking what we'll do for dinner.
Rosa: And?
Gene: And what?
Rosa: Have you come up with an idea?
Gene: Just one.
Rosa: Yeah? What is it?
Gene: I think we should go out.
Rosa: Mustn't be too hard to come up with that. Any particular place.
Gene: Not really. What do you think about Chinese?
Rosa: Not Chinese.
Gene: What would you rather have?
Rosa: I haven't thought about it. But not Chinese.
Gene: Italian?
Rosa: No. I don't feel like Italian either.
Gene: Mexican?
Rosa: Nada.
Rosa: But you know what, just surprise me. In a pleasant way, though.
Gene: Sure. It won't be a problem , will it?
Summary: Rosa should be home by 6.30. She and Gene will go out or dinner.
Dialogue: Alex: Is everyone going home or should we organize something this weekend?
Phillip: My girlfriend's brother has a birthday :(
Jack: I am already on the train
Alex: I guess I will find something else to do this weekend...
Summary: This weekend Philip is going to a birthday party, Jack is traveling home so Alex needs to find something else to do.
Dialogue: Martha: hey I'll be in Cracow on Thursday morning and I'll be staying there till Friday afternoon
Martha: if you have time
Sharon: I do
Martha: <file_gif>
Matthew: I don't know when I'll be done with my work, when you're seeing each other?
Sharon: 9 PM I guess
Summary: Martha will be in Cracow on Thursday morning and will stay there until Friday afternoon.
Dialogue: Ann: Could we meet some other day?
Brandon: I thought you were on the way!
Ann: I have a headache.
Brandon: I won't force you to anything. Let's just forget it.
Ann: I am really sorry. 
Summary: Ann would like to meet with Brandon another day as she has a headache.
Dialogue: Mackenzie: hi! how is the work going?
Joey: we've just finished the first part of the presentation
Melissa: and we're quite happy with it
Mackenzie: only the first part?!
Melissa: what do you mean by "only"?
Mackenzie: it should be ready on Friday
Melissa: it will be for sure!
Melissa: you're really a troll
Melissa: You should work as an internet troll for Russia
Mackenzie: hahaha, sorry, I believe in you!
Joey: lol
Summary: Joey and Melissa have just finished the first part of the presentation. The whole presentation should be ready by Friday. Melissa and Joey intend to keep this deadline.
Dialogue: Roberta: Guess who invited us for a birthday party
Yuki: Don't tell me it's her
Roberta: Yep, it's Jenna
Yuki: That's sad
Roberta: And you know who else is invited?
Yuki: I bet every person she has ever met
Roberta: Probably you are right. She invited Marika
Yuki: omg she probably has no idea Marika cannot stand her
Roberta: Do you think someone will show up?
Yuki: last year two guests showed up and her boyfriend's friends
Roberta: :c
Yuki: tbh I was thinking about talking to her about that but I had no idea how to approach this topic
Roberta: it's not your job to make her more likable
Yuki: you're right, but she's lonely and she's not a horrible person, she's just REALLY annoying
Roberta: I remember I met her just once and she got completely wasted
Yuki: that's so her
Roberta: so will we tell her we're not going?
Yuki: nooooope!
Summary: Jenna invited everybody for the birthday party, including Roberta, Yuki and Marika, but people don't like Jenna.
Dialogue: Joseph: Okay, round two. Retail Jedi!
Gabriel: Marketing.
Alonzo: Shop assistant!
Joseph: You're right! It's a shop assistant! 
Gabriel: Darn. 1:1.
Joseph: Don't worry, Daniel, you'll get your chance! Round three: Wet Leisure Attendant!
Alonzo: This has to be a pimp! I'm sure of it!
Gabriel: A masseuse!
Joseph: Sorry, guys. No points this time! It's a lifeguard.
Alonzo: You've got to be kidding me!
Gabriel: Lol
Joseph: Okay, round four: Colour Distribution Technician!
Alonzo: Easy! Painter.
Gabriel: Not so fast! Decorator!
Joseph: I see ur getting the hang of it! Both answers correct! Point each.
Summary: Joseph, Gabriel and Alonzo are playing a game.
Dialogue: Angel: You went to the uni?
George: yes i had a class, now i have 1h of a break and i'm working and then 2h of classes
Angel: Okay. Good luck
George: thanks.
Summary: George has 1h break from classes at the uni.
Dialogue: Harriett: Tony, could you change the reservation?
Tony: Hm, I think so, why?
Harriett: Tina just told me that she may be her plus one… ;>
Nina: Wow! You go Tina ;D
Tony: And here I was worrying that you’re not coming
Harriett: Me?! Hahaha no such luck :P
Nina: Who’s he?
Harriett: I don’t know, Tina’s being really secretive about him
Tony: Guess we’ll find out this evening
Nina: Can’t wait!
Nina: <file_gif>
Summary: Harriett, Tony, Nina and Tina are meeting this evening. Tony has to change the reservation because Tina will bring someone with her. 
Dialogue: Walter: how are you liking working from home?
Andrea: it's great!!!!
Andrea: i love it :-D
Walter: i thought you wouldn't like it, you like being around people
Andrea: that's true, but i feel i'm being more productive here
Walter: that's great!!!
Andrea: i have to say that there's more distractions though ;-)
Andrea: i'll take longer lunches and maybe even do laundry lol
Walter: you're a multitasker!!!! lol
Andrea: always and forever!!! hahaha
Walter: would you go back to working to an office?
Andrea: no, definitely not!
Andrea: i miss the people and the social interaction
Andrea: but I'M SO HAPPY i don't have to deal with the commute anymore
Summary: Andrea loves working from home and feels she's more productive that way. There are more distraction and Andrea misses the people, but she wouldn't go back to work in the office as she doesn't have to commute now. 
Dialogue: Alex: <file_photo>
Mary: what the hell is that?
Alex: I know right? my bosses new lamp
Mary: That is one ugly lamp
Alex: it's so her style
Mary: gees I know I saw her on TV
Alex: When? what did you think?
Mary: Sunday on the news Her make up was soooo horrible
Alex: What exactly?
Mary: well her eyebrows werent done, her hair os off... in general a mess
Alex: how is her hair off?
Mary: you never should dye you hair that color with that skin tone
Alex: so what color should it be
Mary: it can be blond just a much cooler tone 
Summary: Alex dislikes his boss' new lamp and finds her style ugly. Mary saw Alex's boss on TV and she criticizes her make up as well as her hair color.
Dialogue: Barbara: Are you departing tomorrow? What time is your flight?
Karen: 2 35 pm😭
Barbara: You are going to Canada, right?😐
Karen: Yeah. Kinda scared to study and work there alone.┐('～`；)┌
Barbara: You have been doing everything well. 😊😊
Barbara: Worry not. I know you would be okay.
Karen: We should have met before I go.😭😭😭
Barbara: Yeah..But you are coming this summer. 
Barbara: We can meet then.😁😁
Karen: Of course. You know we haven’t met that often. Only once or twice a year. But it feels like we get farther than now.
Barbara: I feel the same. But what an amazing world now!
Barbara: We can keep in touch with kakaotalk anytime we want. 
Karen: That’s true. 👼👼
Barbara: Send me some nice pics whenever you find some awesome places. <丶´Д｀>
Summary: Karen is flying to Canada at 2:35 pm tomorrow and is apprehensive about her being alone there to study and work. Barbara is confident that she will manage all right and suggests they keep in touch via kakaotalk. The women have met only rarely so far but they declare their mutual rapport.
Dialogue: Faith: You didnt tell me about the test results
Jason: You didnt ask
Faith: You knew I did not come that day
Jason: Guess i was supposed to tell you
Faith: Yeah you were
Jason: Wait let me send you the results
Faith: Waiting
Jason: <file_image>
Faith: Yeah I god 90%
Jason: Ik you are good at studies
Faith: wbu ?
Jason: 70% is good for me :)
Faith: You can ask for the things which you cant understand
Jason: Sure I will.
Jason: Thank you
Faith: I am about to study you can come to my place
Jason: I might not be able to come
Faith: why ? :/
Jason: Coz I am at Harrison's
Summary: Faith got 90% on the test and Jason got 70%. Faith offered to teach Jason if he thinks he needs help.
Dialogue: Nathalie: wanna grab a coffee?
Margo: nah I'm busy sis
Nathalie: doing what?
Margo: sleeping :D
Nathalie: whaaaaat
Margo: couldn't sleep last nite :(
Nathalie: say no more :)
Summary: Margo will not join Nathalie for a coffee.
Dialogue: Alicia: <file_photo>
Eddie: wow
Alicia: it will do :D
Alicia: it’s reaaaally nice on the inside
Eddie: :D
Summary: Alicia is sending a photo to Eddie and finds its content nice on the inside. 
Dialogue: Jerry: Hello. I just wanted to write and ask, what time is training tomorrow?
Larry: Training starts at 6:30.
Jerry: Ok, because there's no information on the website.
Larry: Yeah, I'm aware of the problem. There were some issues earlier today.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Larry: You're welcome. Don't forget your clothes for dryland training later on.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Summary: Training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry about taking clothes for dryland training.
Dialogue: Francis: I need some new shirts honey, the old ones are worn out already...
Skyler: I thought you bought 3 new ones recently
Francis: I did but I forgot one at the hotel on a trip to Spain last month
Skyler: and the other two?
Francis: well one was ruined during ironing...
Skyler: ahh right... my fault :( sorry again about that
Francis: don't worry, accidents happen
Skyler: it's good that i did not burn down the house :D
Francis: hahah ye :D
Skyler: well so shall we go to the store during the weekend?
Francis: you know how much I hate going there :/
Skyler: how are you gonna get new shirts then sweetheart?
Francis: you know this store we always go to, Peek&Cloppenburg
Skyler: how could I not? ;) what about it?
Francis: they opened a new online shop, like Zalando :D
Skyler: really? :D That's perfect for you!
Francis: yeah, i already looked something up, can you help me choose?
Skyler: sure my handsome man :*
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: mmmm do they have this in dark blue?
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: that's the one! get it pleeease! :*
Francis: haha okey, I also need a white one, let me find something
Skyler: sure, waiting
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: i don't really like the buttons... too flashy
Francis: they have one with regular buttons too, i thought you would like this one
Skyler: no.. not really sorry :( but if there is one with regular ones then it will be perfect
Francis: <file_photo>
Skyler: this one is great, you can take it too! :)
Summary: Francis needs to buy new shirts, because the old ones are worn out. Francis will buy new shirts in an online shop opened by Peek&Cloppenburg. Skyler advised him to buy a dark blue and white shirt.
Dialogue: Sophie: <file_photo>
Ava: You look so happy with him
Ava: Where are you guys?
Sophie: In Kutno
Ava: On the way to Warsaw?
Sophie: Yes, we should be there in 1.5h
Ava: I'll be in Brussels in 2 hours
Ava: Then I'll catch a train to Antwerp
Sophie: Oh still a long way to go
Ava: It's not bad
Ava: I can work in the bus
Ava: so it's not a wasted time :)
Sophie: Good attitude!
Ava: And the driver is really funny
Ava: His jokes made me feel better
Ava: Thanks to him the passengers started interacting with each other
Ava: He said that when we are in the Eurotunnel we can see little fish swimming around if we look out the window
Ava: It made me laugh
Sophie: That's nice :-)
Summary: Sophie is in Kutno. Ava is on her way to Brussels. She's going to work in the bus. 
Dialogue: Francis: I'm stupid af
Francis: I've been looking my car keys for 15 minutes around the house
Francis: Forgot to check my pockets LOL
Francesca: Hahaha. You dummy.
Francesca: Get going then. Hope you won't be late for your flight xD
Summary: Francis lost his car keys but found them in his pockets. 
Dialogue: Nora: let's meet in front of the main entrance
Tanya: perfect
Jenny: I'm already here
Summary: Nora, Tanya and Jenny will meet in front of the main entrance.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi. Seems like there are some problems at my building site. May I leave earlier today?
Hanna: Bill, it's the second time this week.
Bill: I know. I hate that myself. I'm sorry. Susie called and she was all in tears.
Hanna: Ok. But, please, don't do that too often.
Bill: I'll try. I promise. Thank you!!!!
Hanna: Don't talk about these shorter days too much in the cafeteria, ok?
Bill: OK. I get your point.
Hanna: What time are you going to finish today?
Bill: 3pm?
Hanna: Fine.
Bill: Thanks!
Summary: There are problems at Bill's building site. It's the second time this week. Hanna agrees to let Bill go earlier today again, but urges him not to talk about too much.
Dialogue: Jayson: Where you guys at?
Carson: Outside Sasktel centre
Jake: Im in the bathroom will be down there soon 
Summary: Carson's outside Sasktel centre while Jake's in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Edward: Yo son. I have a favor to ask.
Kevin: Yo. What's up dad?
Edward: Would you pick up me and your mother from the party at Greg's around midnight and drive us back home?
Kevin: Sure. No problem. 
Edward: Thank you.
Kevin: Anything for you :)
Summary: Kevin will pick up his mother and Edward from the party at Greg's around midnight and drive them home.
Dialogue: Marylin: Hey Wayne!
Marylin: <file_photo>
Wayne: aw how sweet! 
Wayne: how did u end up there?
Marylin: I'm on a business trip and it turned out
Marylin: that the company's office is near to the museum
Wayne: oh I remember these good old times :D
Wayne: <file_gif>
Marylin: yeah, I miss them a lot!
Marylin: <file_gif>
Summary: Marylin is on a business trip. The company's office is near the museum.
Dialogue: Bill: can you pick up my package from the post office on the way home?
Stacy: is it something heavy? :)
Bill: no, it's a new battery for my cellphone
Stacy: sure thing then honey :*
Bill: thanks baby :*
Summary: Stacy will pick up a battery from the post office on Bill's request.
Dialogue: Jimmy: so how is the dispute between your countries going? hihi
Jimmy: I think it's a never-ending epic
Jose: Actually, it seems it's better now
Jimmy: is it?
Dean: yup. they held a referendum in Guatemala last year
Jimmy: only Guatemala? I thought the referendums were supposed to be held simultaneously
Hugo: yes, but they decided to change it
Jimmy: so what about Belize?
Hugo: Belize will hold a referendum in April 2019
Dean: at least it's the official plan
Jimmy: wow, that's amazing after a few centuries hahaha
Dean: true, but it's not settling the dispute, they will just send the case to the international tribunal
Jimmy: I see, it's interesting
Summary: Two countries haven't been able to reach agreement for centuries. There was a referendum in Guatemala last year. According to the plan, Belize will hold a referendum in April 2019. However, it's not settling the dispute and they'll send the case to the international tribunal.
Dialogue: Toby: We finished renovating our house! 
Rose: You finally did it! Congratulations!
Emily: It looks lovely! Can I drop by? X
Eric: You’ve got a great taste! Well done you!
Joanna: very nice! X
Kelly: It looks awesome! Congratulations! So happy for you!
Summary: Toby finished renovating his house and everyone is excited about it.
Dialogue: Bridget: Some workout today?
Kristen: Can’t make it. I have a terrible hangover.
Bridget: Hahah! Where were you last night???
Kristen: Better ask where I wasn’t.  I went to all the bars in the area then headed for havana club
Bridget: With whom
Kristen: First I met with Ann then we bumped into her colleagues
Bridget: Sounds like somebody had a fun night yesterday
Kristen: Yeah.. I met someone
Bridget: Show me!
Kristen: <file_photo>
Bridget: OMG xD Damn, he’s so hot!
Kristen: Told u
Bridget: I so envy you right now. Did he ask you out?
Kristen: We’re texting now, so will see.
Bridget: <file_gif>
Kristen: Stay tuned, haha
Summary: Kristen has hangover today, so she can't join Bridget for workout. Last night Kristen met with Ann and her colleagues, they went to a few bars and the Havana club. She met a handsome guy who is texting her now. She shares his photo with Bridget. 
Dialogue: Isabelle: OMG this racist jackhole!
Isabelle: Some Aussie MP talking about "brown men" and Uber jobs! OMG...
Jude: OMG srsly?
Isabelle: YES!
Isabelle: Shocked...
Jude: I've always heard that Aus and NZ were racist as hell.
Jude: This seems to prove it!
Isabelle: They're saying he has good intentions...um, dumbass!
Isabelle: This is why younger people don't get into politics. Too many old white dumb asses...
Jude: Yep. Politics are dead.
Isabelle: Fraid so, but then what? Free for all?
Jude: Appointed, hired people to run things. Nobody has to oppose just because of party lines. Everybody gets the job done.
Isabelle: Interesting concept. 
Jude: Run it like a business and fire and hire at will.
Isabelle: I think the idea is to keep someone from having too much power, but the system is broken. Look at Trump.
Jude: Beyond broken. Time for a new way. The founding fathers couldn't have seen this one coming!
Isabelle: Now you're getting too deep for me...
Jude: Thought so!
Summary: The present political system has gone wrong and it is time for change. There are too many brainless old white people in politics for the young to get involved.
Dialogue: Marion: Are you at the airport?
Jeff: Yes, but the flight was delayed 
Jeff: They're going to land much later
Peter: So we're having dinner in a super expensive and equally bad restaurant
Marion: haha, ok
Marion: let me know when she arrives
Jeff: sure we will!
Summary: Jeff and Peter are waiting at the airport restaurant for a delayed flight. They will tell Marion when it lands.
Dialogue: Debbie: Hi Viv, how's it going?
Viv: Yeah, fine, work is crazy at the mo though.
Debbie: Yes, end of the month is always mad, isn't it?
Viv: How was your weekend?
Debbie: Not too bad! There wasn't much parking, so we had to park in a muddy field, so not too great there.
Viv: What about the meal, worth the money?
Debbie: Well, I had a very watery duck broth to start, then shepherd's pie, followed by choc mousse, lots of red wine, of course. Was ok, not thrilling.
Viv: What was the hotel like then?
Debbie: It was a country house thing, but each lounge had an eclectic theme, and they were very warm and cosy. Jean Paul himself was there looking grumpy in an armchair! The breakfast, however, was delicious!
Viv: Hmm, doesn't sound amazing, considering the cost! I may try somewhere else.
Debbie: Look up Richard Rouge's place near Oxford, supposed to be lush, but pricey, though! Anyway, see you on Sunday!
Summary: Debbie had to park in a muddy field on the weekend. She didn't like her meal but she enjoyed the hotel. She will see Viv on Sunday.
Dialogue: Paige: So happy Harry won!
Rick: Me too, I've liked him from the start.
Paige: Team Hazza!
Rick: LOL!
Paige: I guess he was always the favorite of the fans.
Rick: Not surprised; it's usually someone who is natural and honest.
Paige: Some of them play to the cameras. 
Rick: Harry's just a regular guy, that's why he won!
Summary: Harry won an award. Fans like him, because he's natural and honest.
Dialogue: Joseph: hey there
Joseph: I visited parents last night, dad doesn't look well
Sienna: I've also noticed the last time I saw him
Joseph: we need to make him get checked somehow
Sienna: mum told me she tried to talk to him about that
Sienna: but you know dad, he got angry quickly
Sienna: and said he was fine
Joseph: he didn't look fine to me
Joseph: perhaps we could give doctor Phillips a call
Joseph: and he could drive over like for a coffee or something
Sienna: dad is clever, he would figure it out
Joseph: but he might listen to Philips, he's an old friend of his
Sienna: I guess we could give it a try
Sienna: there's no harm in that
Joseph: ok, I'll give Philips a call then
Summary: Joseph and Sienna are concerned about their dad's health. They want to call doctor Phillips and ask him to drive over and talk to dad.
