Dialogue: Ian: hi, I made a reservation at Fergie's, who's in?
Courtney: Tom and me for sure
Courtney: what time?
Ian: 2:00pm but can change it to 1:30 pm
Doris: We're going too but we will join you only for lunch
Ian: ok
Frank: So what time do we meet?
Ian: 11 am? to take a walk and then lunch
Courtney: 3 hours walk? with kids? I don't think so :)
Frank: is 2 hours ok for you Courtney?
Courtney: ok, let's try. how far is it from the parking to the lake and then back to the restaurant?
Frank: like 4 km, more or less
Courtney: ok, no problem
Ian: let's meet around 12:00 
Doris: ok we'll try to make it before 2pm
Ian: leave your cars next to the castle, the other parking is very small
Doris: ok thanks
Summary: Ian made a reservation at Fergie's for 2 pm. Courtney, Tom, Doris and Frank will join him. They will gather together at 12:00 to take a walk before lunch. Ian suggests to leave cars next to the castle, because the other parking is tiny.
Dialogue: Morgan: Bt y?
Hillary: Don't know. Have been trying to reach him all morning, but couldn't. 
Morgan: Can u send me his location?
Hillary: Sure thing <file_other>.
Morgan: Thanks:
Lona: And what about me?
Hillary: Oh, I've got a special task 4 u :)
Lona: What is it? :)
Hillary: Ur husband's still got that big car?
Lona: Yeah. In the garage. Not used right now.
Hillary: Gr8! Can u go to the florists and pick up the flowers for the reception?
Lona: All of them?!
Hillary: Yeah. They'll help u. Already called them and told them to. 
Lona: Okay. And what's next?
Hillary: Well, bring them to the venue. Don't worry, don't have to put them anywhere. Just tell them u've got the flowers and they'll know what to do with them.
Lona: Okay. I'll get on it 2moro.
Jess: What about me? Any tasks 4 me? :)
Hillary: Sure :) I want u to go to the printing-house and pick up the place cards?
Jess: Sure, no problem. That's it?
Hillary: Oh, no! Please check them if everything is fine. I've already sent them one batch back. 
Hillary: Here's the guest list <file_other>.
Jess: That's a lot of names...
Hillary: I know, but I also know how accurate u r :)
Jess: Well, fine. I'll get on it in an hour or so.
Hillary: Thanks, girls! Ur all lifesavers :) talk to u all 2moro?
Jess: Sure, bye.
Morgan: Bye.
Lona: Bye.
Summary: Hilary couldn't reach him all morning. She sends Morgan his location. Hilary wants Lona to get flowers for the reception. Hilary wants Jess to go to the printing-house and get the place cards. She sends her the guest list. Jess will get it in about an hour.
Dialogue: Stowe: <file_gif>
Lorelle: u bored stowe?
Graham: i can give u stuff 2 do. just say it
Summary: Stowe is bored. 
Dialogue: Sue: HEY! Are you alive? :)
Joanna: Barely...
Simona: I am!
Sue: Jo called me at 1 pm
Joanna: what??!!
Simona: What did she want?!
Sue: I don't know... didn't pick up... 
Joanna: hahah
Sue: I need to call her back
Simona: Let us know what it is about
Summary: Joanna doesn't feel well. Simona feels ok. Jo called Sue at 1pm, but she didn't pick up. She will call her.
Dialogue: Griff: hello buddy
Tea: hi
Griff: whats up?
Tea: reading
Griff: wanna go out?
Tea: yeah
Griff: i just wanted walk around
Tea: will be great
Griff: good
Griff: so see you in the park?
Tea: ok
Tea: in 10 mins?
Griff: okay
Summary: Tea and Griff will meet in the park in 10 minutes to go for a walk.
Dialogue: Zoe: <file_other>
Zoe: the ranking list at last!!!!!
Eveline: wat? I'm checking it
Irma: me too
Zoe: did you ladies get it? cause I don't know your index number
Irma: yes!!!!!!!!!!
Eveline: me too!! money money money B-)
Zoe: at last...after 3 years of hard work and nights spent on learning shit
Eveline: we gotta celebrate that
Irma: indeed we should B-)
Summary: Zoe, Eveline and Irma are checking the ranking list they've been waiting for.
Dialogue: Olivia: Remember Poppy will be turning 100 in march.
Megan: omg! 100 already!
Olivia: we should organize a kind of birthday party.
Megan: but it's in 2 months, who knows what could happen!
Olivia: don't think about the worse! Still it's a good purpose to meet altogether. She'll be happy to have us all.
Megan: who "all"? Her children? Grand children? Friends?
Olivia: no obligation of course, only the one who could come.
Megan: i don't think we should  invite friends. I mean her real friends all passed away! 
Olivia: but the youngest?
Megan: no way. Only family and the few old friends. Like James and Henry. And Mrs Harding  of course. That's all.
Olivia: don't you know that Henry died two weeks ago? He was 97!
Megan: you see...let's invite only family. Better to have a  small intimate party. Still with us five and our own children
Megan: quite a lot of people.. how do you want to accommodate all of them? 
Olivia: we could open the house. Jerry  will put the heat on.
Megan: what if we have some visits?
Olivia: only for one night. We'll  ask  them to  come with sleeping bags and i'll invited them all for meals.
Olivia: i've found a nice small place, with a kitchen and everything we'll need. Not expansive. We can cancel  at  the  last  moment.
Megan: how many answer do you have?
Olivia: for now we should be 25, but William's children didn't answer yes.Did you find a good caterer?
Megan: Chris will take in charge all the beverages and we could cook ourselves the  main course and dessert. 
Olivia: so the caterer would only do the fingerfood?
Megan: that's the boring part!
Megan: we forgot the present!
Olivia: no, Jamie will do an album with some pictures of all of us
Megan: fine.
Summary: Olivia thinks they should organise a birthday party for Poppy turning 100 in March. Megan thinks they should invite only the family with them five and their own children. They could open the house and Chris will take of beverages and they could cook themselves.
Dialogue: Katya: Hello!
Katya: Happy Birthday!
Katya: /hug
Marcin: Thank you very much, Katiusha
Marcin: And happy new year to you too!
Katya: Zakharovs are sending their regards too :)
Marcin: Please say thank you for me ;)
Summary: Katya wishes Marcin happy birthday and Marcin wishes her a happy new year. Zakharovs are sending their regards to Marcin.
Dialogue: Sara: i can't find the shop you were telling me about, i am walking in circles
Sofie: it's right next to Rossmann
Sara: on the first floor?
Tom: Rossmann is on the second as far as i remember
Sofie: yeah Tom is right
Tom: it's near the elevator too, not the stairs
Sara: ok i am going there, wait please
Sofie: Did you find it?
Sara: yes i am here :D
Sara: <file_photo>
Sara: thanks for help
Summary: The shop Sara was looking for is on the second floor next to Rossman, near the elevator.
Dialogue: Daniel: any plan for dinner?
Anna: I want to go get some food I’m getting cabin fever
Daniel: saaaame
Summary: Anna wants to go and get some food for dinner. She and Daniel are getting cabin fever. 
Dialogue: Sara: look, what I've found  :D :D :D <file_other>
Josh: pics are nice but u know they sometimes cheat a lot...
Sara: it looks like a new flat...
Josh: I wouldn't be that sure
Josh: the building is from 90s
Sara: I sent them an email
Josh: why don't u just call them?
Sara: strange but u can't call them..
Sara: I can't see any number there...
Josh: anyway, when can we go there?
Sara: I can make it even today!
Sara: oh, she's just  replied..
Sara: She says we can come tomorrow, hm?
Josh: I won't be free before 8...
Sara: for me 8 is fine
Josh: yeah, but it's better to go there in the day time, coz we need to check the light
Sara: true
Sara: so. Sat?
Josh: Sat sounds good
Josh: afrernoon??
Sara: I'll ask her about Sat, 3pm,
Josh: ok!
Josh: I'm quite flexible, so let me know once she replies
Sara: sure!
Summary: Josh and Sara can go to see the flat that Sara has found on Saturday at 3 pm to see it in the daylight.
Dialogue: Ken: hi guys, Ivy's birthday is coming up, wanna chip in to buy her something nice?
Otis: sure!
Elen: yes!
Liam: absolutely! does anyone have an idea what to buy
Ken: i was thinking of buying her a weekend in a spa
Elen: so nice! I approve this :) and am a bit jealous!
Liam: agree, great idea, how much does it cost?
Ken: that's the deal, quite a lot, that is why i need your help, can you think of anyone else who would like to join us?
Otis: yes, sure, I'll add them to the conversation
Elen: same, let me think
Liam: i can help with that as well!
Ken: thanks guys! 
Liam: no problemo!! 
Elen: you can count on us ;)
Otis: <file_gif>
Summary: Ivy's birthday is coming up. Ken suggests buying her a weekend in a spa, but it's expensive, so they need more people to chip in.
