Dialogue: Zeynep: <file_photo>
Zeynep: what do you think?
Hazal: you look nice 
Zuleyka: depends on the occasion
Zeynep: I'm trying to pick sth for my job interview
Hazal: where are u applying for? what job position?
Zeynep: PR assistant at Jameson
Zuleyka: imho it's perfect for it
Hazal: you could braid your hair or sth but the outfit is great
Zeynep: phew
Zeynep: <file_photo>
Zeynep: like this?
Hazal: YES
Zuleyka: <file_gif>
Hazal: and tell us later on how it went!
Zeynep: sure thanks for your advice
Zuleyka: you've got this!
Hazal: <file_gif>
Summary: Zeynep is trying to pick an outfit for her job interview. Hazal and Zuleyka advise her on the outfit and the hairstyle. 
Dialogue: Clara: We haven't paid the bill yet. It's due tomorrow. I'll need you to give me 30 £ each.
Hannah: OK
Ben: I'll leave it on the kitchen table. I'm going out right now.
Clara: OK guys. I'm gonna go to the post office. Ben, can you please check the mail box?
Ben: Sure, on my way out. Btw, we need to make a copy of the keys. Just in case...
Clara: Will you have time to do that?
Ben: Not today, maybe tomorrow.
Hannah: I can do it. I have the afternoon free. Ben, leave the keys on the table.
Ben: OK!
Summary: The bill is due tomorrow, so Hannah and Ben need to give Clara 30 £ each. Hannah will make a copy of the keys in the afternoon. Ben will leave the money and the keys on the kitchen table.
Dialogue: Maya: Chris, I'll be a little late
Christina: okay I'm waiting
Maya: sorry!
Christina: no prob
Summary: Maya will be late. Christina is waiting.
Dialogue: Mary: <file_photo> new kitchen :) turned out better than expected!
Rose: Looks gorgeous. So everything is done?
Mary: No really. Still working on the guest bathroom. Have to lay tile etc.
Rose: Have you chosen and bought everything yet?
Mary: Yes, we've had it for months, just haven't got around to working on it...
Rose: And do you have to do it?
Mary: Yes... it's very dated and we're already halfway through anyway
Dan: Kitchen looks very good! Good job you two!
Mary: Thanks, Dad! we're happy too!
Dan: What's the countertop?
Mary: It's quartz. We wanted granite but this is apparently better and less porous. So we will see.
Rose: Looks very shiny. I like the back splash too but I think I would have chosen something darker.
Mary: Darker shows water spots more, apparently.
Summary: Mary shares a photo of her new kitchen with her Dad Dan and Rose. Work on Mary's new house is not finished, they are still working on the guest bathroom. She has already bought all the materials. The countertop in her kitchen is quartz. 
Dialogue: Linda: Why are Broadway tickets so damn expensive? :(((
Liz: I know right?
Barbara: It's not even the tickets themselves, but there's also all the money you'd need for the flight, some food, a hotel...
Liz: Exactly!
Linda: I don't know, even the tickets themselves are far beyond my reach. I don't even want to consider those other things.
Barbara: Thank heavens for bootlegs! :D
Linda: Yeah, but it's not the same as seeing those shows live.
Liz: Which show would you choose if you suddenly won a million dollars?
Linda: A million? I'd go see all of them :D
Liz: Okay, a thousand dollars then.
Barbara: I'd go with either Cats or Lion King.
Liz: And you, Linda?
Linda: Are you kidding me? I can't choose just one! There's the Phantom, Les Miz, Wicked, Lion King...
Barbara: What about you @Liz?
Linda: Wait, let us guess!
Barbara: Haha, yeah, I think it's pretty easy to guess.
Linda: Hamilton?
Barbara: Hamilton!
Liz: LOL, you know me so well :D
Summary: Linda, Liz and Barbara are complaining about the tickets to Broadway being so expensive. If they had lots of money Linda would see Phantom, Les Miz, Wicked, Lion King, and Liz would go to see Hamilton. Barbara'd go with either Cats or Lion King. 
Dialogue: Laura: have you guys seen Riri after the party?
Arvo: no, why?
Laura: she was supposed to drop by and she's not answering her phone
Jake: <file_photo>
Jake: she's still asleep, she came home at 8 a.m.
Laura: ok I was worried
Summary: Laura is worried about Riri because she's not answering her phone. Jake informs that Riri is sleeping.
Dialogue: Scarlett: hi there! You know whom Ive just met? You won't believe me.
Scarlett: Anna Smith, that famous actress! 
Rett: Oh wow! And what does she look like?
Scarlett: not as pretty as on tv;)
Sue: No wonder ;) they always make them look so mich better on tv!
Rett: definitely!
Scarlett: sure. And I guess she was followed by some paparazzis.
Scarlett: I felt like in a movie!
Susie: haha
Summary: Scarlett met Anna Smith, famous actress, who was followed by some paparazzis. Scarlett feelt like in a movie.
Dialogue: David: Will you be ready in about 30 min?
David: I'm leaving work now and picking up mum
Jess: Yes I'll be ready :)
Jess: I'll meet you downstairs
David: 👍
Summary: Jess will meet David downstairs in half an hour after he picks up mum on the way from work.
Dialogue: Lucille: But first I will go for another erasmus program next year hopefully.
Skyler: Hmm ok. What country ?
Lucille: Probably italy again because they offer me 10 month long staying
Skyler: Torino again ?
Lucille: Or 5 months in Malta or 5 months in Belfast. I will be choosing between those 3. Because I don't speak Spanish to go to Spain or french to go to France. Pavia this time in italy
Skyler: Oh ok
Lucille: But I would have to practice my Italian because I will have to study in this language. But no time for this because of studies
Skyler: Haha so what then? What will you do
Lucille: I don't know. I still have time
Skyler: Ok
Summary: Lucille went to Torino for her Erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year. She is considering a 10-month stay in Pavia in Italy, or a 5-month stay in Malta or Belfast. She does not want to go to Spain or France.
Dialogue: Oliver: So, he starts walking without looking towards the lunch ladies.
Sid: He even tripped me over!
Victor: Yeah, saw that!
Oliver: And he started shouting and Jeannie!
Shanon: Rly? Y?
Victor: Something about that she knew, they were friends and she hadn't told him and so on.
Sid: One of the students told him to shut up.
Oliver: and then all hell broke loose.
Victor: He turned round and started yanking the student.
Sid: He was screaming and trying to defend himself, but couldn't. 
Oliver: Afk, he almost choked him.
Victor: I don't know what would have happened, hadn't Mr. Black come.
Shanon: So what happened next?
Oliver: Mr. Black grabbed him and dragged him out of the cafeteria!
Victor: He was shouting mother fucker this, mother fucker that.
Shanon: Creepy!
Oliver: You can say that again!
Shanon: Creepy!
Summary: Oliver, Sid and Victor saw him starting a fight in the cafeteria. Mr. Black came and dragged him out. 
Dialogue: David: Hey Joey, have you done breakfast yet?
Joey: No David, I was about to leave for mess.
David: Wait! take me with you
Joey: Okay! Hurry up
Summary: David and Joey will eat breakfast at the mess.
Dialogue: Sebastian: Hi, how are you?
Betty: Hi, I'm fine, thanks for asking. How are you?
Sebastian: I'm fine too… It's been a long time 
Betty: Yeah, quite a long time
Sebastian: You stopped talking to me 
Betty: Well, I wasn't sure if you want to talk to me anymore
Sebastian: Why so?
Betty: I don't know, I had such a feeling
Sebastian: After our last conversation?
Betty: Exactly.
Sebastian: Well… You know I was only supposed to come for three days
Betty: I know, but it seemed like we won't meet up again, like never…
Sebastian: But you know, if we're supposed to meet one day, we'll meet
Betty: Yeah and exactly that sounds like "one day = never"
Sebastian: One day you also gave me an answer like that…
Betty: So now we're 1:1 :P
Sebastian: But you're happy about that?
Betty: Well… not really? But if it's like this…
Sebastian: Uh… see, I'm coming to Paris next week, would you like to meet? It'll be nice to see you again
Betty: When exactly?
Sebastian: Monday till Thursday. 
Betty: So what about Tuesday? I have the whole afternoon free
Sebastian: Perfect! I'm really glad :)
Betty: Me too.. Nice that we'll see each other again
Summary: Sebastian and Betty haven't talked for a long time. Betty thought Sebastian doesn't want to talk to her anymore. Sebastian's coming to Paris next week. They decided to meet on Tuesday.
Dialogue: Barry: are u sure he said that?/
Garay: iam sure
Barry: hes so gonna pay for it
Garay: ...
Summary: He is going to pay Barry for saying that.
Dialogue: Jim: can you talk?
Tom: not really, call you around 6?
Jim: ok
Summary: Tom can't talk right now and will call Jim back around 6.
Dialogue: Mackenzie: hi! how is the work going?
Joey: we've just finished the first part of the presentation
Melissa: and we're quite happy with it
Mackenzie: only the first part?!
Melissa: what do you mean by "only"?
Mackenzie: it should be ready on Friday
Melissa: it will be for sure!
Melissa: you're really a troll
Melissa: You should work as an internet troll for Russia
Mackenzie: hahaha, sorry, I believe in you!
Joey: lol
Summary: Joey and Melissa have just finished the first part of the presentation. The whole presentation should be ready by Friday. Melissa and Joey intend to keep this deadline.
Dialogue: Martin: knock knock
Nora: who's there?
Martin: you're boyfriend
Nora: oh hey :* I was thinking about you
Martin: let's meet at my flat, darling
Nora: tonight?
Martin: That's what I had in mind :)
Nora: Okay, I'll bring wine.
Summary: Martin and Nora will meet at his flat tonight. Nora will bring wine.
