Dialogue: Gabi: I saw this gorgeous man in the subway....
Linda: That one???
Gabi: Yes!!
Petunia: OMG did you follow him?
Gabi: He got off at the Piccadilly Circus 
Gabi: I was in a hurry to get to work
Gabi: Couldn't follow him
Gabi: But I studied him carefully
Gabi: he's pure perfection
Summary: Gabi saw a man on the subway.
Dialogue: Tom: hey do you watch brooklyn 99
Holt: no, is it good?
Tom: there's one Captain Holt in the show xD
Holt: yeah i've heard it before :D
Summary: Tom enjoys watching brooklyn 99.
Dialogue: Emily: Is the light suppose to blink?
Michael: Which one?
Emily: Red one on generator
Michael: It is running low on fuel.just pour some init
Emily: Where have you placed the diesel can?
Michael: It is behind the main door.
Emily: Yeah got it
Summary: Emily is going to pour fuel in the generator because the red light is blinking. The fuel is in a diesel can left behind the door by Michael.
Dialogue: Rita: Hi, Ann, you all right?
Ann: Yes, I'm fine:), you?
Rita: Not bad. Would you be able to spare a few hours on Sunday?
Ann: Sure, what's up?
Rita: Jack told me you are considering getting a dog.
Ann: That's right. I am playing with the idea.
Rita: There is this animal shelter I am a volunteer at.
Ann: Well, I was thinking about a puppy, not a grown-up dog.
Rita: There are puppies at the shelter as well.
Ann: I don't know.
Rita: C'mon, you can take a look. No obligations.
Ann: All right. Let's go and take a look.
Rita: Cool. I'll pick you up Sunday morning.
Summary: Ann considers getting a dog. Rita is a volunteer at an animal shelter. Rita wants Ann to go there and take a look. They will go there together on Sunday morning.
Dialogue: Kian: What do you do to relax?
Carmen: I watch TV
Trudy: I smoke weed
Carmen: Sometimes I do yoga
Carmen: But rarely
Carmen: I should do it more often
Kian: I'm super stressed recently
Kian: I need a vacation badly
Kian: I don't have time for anything 
Trudy: I'm sorry to hear that
Trudy: Wanna come for a smoke?
Trudy: You'll chill
Kian: Thanks Trudy but it's not really my thing 
Summary: Carmen watches TV and do yoga to relax. Trudy smokes weed for the same reason. Kian complains she is very stressed lately, she needs holidays. Trudy invites her for a joint. Kian renounces.
Dialogue: Jamie: Whats better, Samsung Galaxy or iPhone?
Don: hmmm, hard question
Don: iPhone, I think
Johnson: Galaxy! Im a great fan
Johnson: it has a great camera
Don: iPhone's got a nice camera too
Johnson: but its so expensive
Don: true
Don: but worth it
Jamie: look, I really need a new phone
Jamie: my Nokias gettin frozen all the time
Jamie: it sucks
Don: how much money can you spend
Jamie: not so much
Johnson: Galaxy then! 
Jamie: probably
Jamie: will check it out
Summary: Don thinks iPhone is expensive but it's worth it. Jamie's Nokia sucks so he will check Samsung Galaxy on Johnson's recommendation. 
Dialogue: Kris: but it's becoming real now, leaving this place
Herbert: Thats good. You'll finally get some distance
Kris: yea, it's scary though
Kris: i am afraid of lonelyness
Kris: i've had sad thoughts about the chances of future relationships
Kris: i still don't know how we ended up together with nicola, other than she was patient and persisting
Herbert: Technically iy should be easier,  as you have experience now
Herbert: Also you making her pregnant forced ypi to stay with her
Herbert: I still remember the talk we had in baigle place
Kris: which one was that?
Herbert: When you told me shes pregnant and you dont know what to do
Kris: yeahh.. there was no easy answer
Kris: i think i did what eero is doing now
Kris: didn't make a decision, which is, as witcher teaches us, a decision on its own
Kris: my options were to call it quits, or really embrace it
Kris: in hindsight, at least the 2nd option would likely have been a good one
Herbert: You have to move on
Kris: hey you were the one to bring this part up! 😛
Summary: Kris is leaving the place and is afraid of loneliness. Nicola was pregnant with Kris. 
Dialogue: Nancy: I almost missed my flight!
Steven: Why? You had lots of time
Nancy: I also thought so
Nancy: But they have two airports in Brussels!!
Nancy: I went to the wrong one
Nancy: Brussels-Charleroi or something like that
Nancy: I was supposed to go to Zaventem
Steven: Oh shit!
Steven: It's far
Steven: How did you manage to catch the flight
Nancy: Fortunately someone on the train told me that I was going to the wrong airport
Nancy: I had to take a taxi
Nancy: I paid a fortune
Nancy: But still better than losing a flight to NY 
Summary: Nancy went to the wrong airport in Brussels and almost missed the flight. Someone on the train advised her she was going to Charleroi instead of Zaventem, so she took a taxi for which she paid a fortune to get to the right airport. 
Dialogue: Meghan: R u a True Blue? 
Lily: Yep! I'm from Sydney but I used to live out woop woop ;)
Meghan: I'm from NYC
Lily: <file_gif>
Meghan: <file_gif>
Summary: Lily is a True Blue from Sydney. Meghan is from New York City.
Dialogue: Harry: I've been trying to figure out why I suddenly stopped drinking orange juice
Harry: And I reached interesting conclusion
Harry: During highschool times i drank too much vodka washed down with orange juice :D
Pauline: No kidding? It works that way?
Pauline: Does your brain think you drink vodka anytime you drink orange juice? 
Harry: Seems so. <file_gif>
Summary: Harry stopped drinking orange juice. He used to drink too much vodka with orange juice in highschool.
Dialogue: Therese: Should we prepare some food for tomorrow evening?
Janusz: I brought a lot of good food from Poland
Therese: by car?
Janusz: yes, it's very good, really, a few kgs of sausages and a thing called "kaszanka", it's just delicious
Andy: what is it? meat?
Janusz: it's a blood sausage, my mother prepares is at home
Andy: gosh, Jan, it's a bit gross 
Janusz: why? it's fresh meat
Andy: you had it in your car for 2 days, let's just leave it
Janusz: you're so annoying Western boring people, as you wish. More for myself :P
Summary: Therese, Janusz and Andy are meeting tomorrow. Janusz brought some sausages and kaszanka from Poland, but Andy doesn't want to eat it.
Dialogue: Kim: heeeeey Kourtney!!! What's up? I miss you all guys so much!!!
Kourtney: Kim, at last! We miss you too. I'm fine, just busy as always. How's your university? Your work? Everything?
Kim: Good to hear that :) Well...I'm just getting used to the new place and the people, but as for now, it's really good. 
Kourtney: Last time we've seen each other you told me something about work at the hotel, right? Did it work out?
Kim: Yes! Listen, it's such a nice job, people are so friendly there. The only thing I could complain about is that sometimes I have to take the night shifts, even three times a week. It's really tiring...
Kourtney: gosh...really? how do you manage to accomodate the job with university?
Kim: Well, I can choose whether or not I want to take a particular shift and that's a big plus. But to be honest, I think I have exagerrated a little bit cause I don't even have enough time to sleep :/
Kourtney: How many hours do you sleep?
Kim: Well, it depends but usually it's about 6hrs and sometimes less, I also sleep during a day...
Kourtney: I don't think it's good for your health, maybe you should work less? 
Kim: Yeah, that's for sure...but I'd like to see you all so much...
Kourtney: and you will, are you coming back for the weekend?
Kim: Yes, but I'm not sure if for this one or maybe the next one...I still have a lot of things to do here...
Kourtney: I get it. So...just inform me
Kim: Of course! I hope you're doing well?
Kourtney: yes, I'm a little bit tired too, but it's not that bad.
Summary: Kim has a nice new job at a hotel. However, she sometimes needs to take night shifts, up to 3 times a week. She's busy accommodating her job with the university and doesn't get much sleep. Kim is coming back for this or next weekend - she will inform Kourtney. 
Dialogue: Kai: Hi man, you going town later?
Will: Yeah, need some new jeans and a couple of work shirts.
Kai: Got any cash, I'm skint, bro
Will: Yeah, ok, I'll lend you a tenner or summat, want it back this time, mind!
Kai: Fuck off! When didn't I pay you back?
Will: Err, last week at the club, at the chippy the week before, curry at Gary's, present for Kat, do I need to carry on?
Kai: Oh yeah, sorry man. Look, I'm working next week, got a job at the site again, I'll pay you next Friday, honest!
Will: Right! I'll remember that, you sponging bastard!
Kai: Well, I get 300, cash in hand next Friday, don't tell the DWP, will ya? So I'm good for it, what did you say, £40 was it?
Will: You jammy sod! It's loads more than that, but ok, let's call it 40 and you buy me all my drinks Friday at the club! 😀 😉
Kai: Deal! I suppose! Pick me up 1ish?
Will: OK, see you in a bit.
Summary: Will is going to town to get new clothes. Kai wants to borrow money from Will. Kai already owes Will money. Will and Kai settle the debt on 40 pounds. Kai promises to pay Will back next Friday as then he will get paid for his new job. Will will pick Kai up around 1.
Dialogue: Austin: Hey, my car broke down, I'm going to be late for the party :(
Emma: Oh no, do you need help? Should I come and give you a lift?
Austin: No, it's fine, I'm waiting for the tow truck
Emma: I hope it's  not serious
Austin: It doesn't look good though I must say
Emma: Stay strong and see you soon :*
Summary: Austin's car broke down and he'll be late for the party.
Dialogue: Michael: hey, do you have a sec?
Susy: just a moment, I'm eatin'
Michael: ok, I got all the time in the world :)
Susy: what's up?
Summary: Susy is eating. Michael needs her for a moment. 
Dialogue: Adam: <file_record>
Brian: What is it?
Adam: Just listen it.
Brian: Ok, give me a sec!
Adam: Sure...
Adam: Do you know this song?
Adam: I am looking for a band name everywhere.
Brian: I have no idea, but the song sounds interesting.
Brian: It must be sth completely new.
Adam: It is Samantha's favourite song.
Adam: I wish to buy CD for her but I can't find info about the band...
Brian: U should ask Lizzy. 
Brian: I'm sure she will now it!
Summary: Adam will ask Lizzy about the name of the band whose CD he wants to buy for Samantha.
Dialogue: Owen: New James Bond movie is out!
Lara: Oh, I have been waiting for ages!
Owen: me too
Lara: Have you watched it?
Owen: not yet
Lara: I got an idea
Owen: what's that?
Lara: How about we watch it together?
Owen: I like it. Booking the tickets :)
Lara: Let me know when you're done.
Owen: sure thing
Summary: Lara and Owen will watch the new James Bond movie. Owen is booking the tickets.
Dialogue: Ann: Could anybody buy some bread? it's just finished :(
Mary: I'm at work till 11pm, at least..
Elisabeth: I'll do it, no worries
Ann: thx!
Summary: Elisabeth will buy some bread for Ann.
Dialogue: Sid: Casie, you gotta help me
Casie: what happened?
Sid: I have this song stuck in my head and I can't remember what it is
Casie: haha it happens to me a lot
Sid: It's about a girl like she's sad but she gets better
Casie: that's like a milion songs
Sid: It was sang by a guy and now it's again on the radio but sang by a girl
Casie: Hmmmmmm
Sid: It's from the 90s I guess?
Casie: <file_other>
Sid: no, that's not it. cool song, though
Casie: Right? 
Sid: i just can't get it out of my head
Casie: Oh! I know!
Sid: ??
Casie: <file_other>
Sid: YES
Casie: Haha, I didn't know you were into Super Girl
Sid: It's a great song
Casie: I know, I like it too
Sid: Thanks Cas!!
Casie: No prob!
Summary: Sid has a song stuck in his head and Casie discovers it is Super Girl.
Dialogue: Caleigh: Did you plan anything for us for the weekend? Anything you'd like to do?
Pete: Bike ride?
Caleigh: Sounds good. I'd like that. Where?
Pete: Maybe let's take a train to get us out if the city?
Caleigh: Great idea! 
Pete: You can choose the direction!
Caleigh: South!
Pete: (thumb up) Skierniewice for example?
Caleigh: (thumb up)
Pete: OK, I'll check timetables. Do we want to come back by train as well?
Caleigh: Hm, I don't know. But I think yes. Skierniewice is quite far. We can have a look around and then chatch a train from another station.
Pete: I like the idea.
Caleigh: Do we plan it for the whole day?
Pete: Rather. 
Caleigh: Okey. Do you want to have a picnic somwhere.
Pete: Awsome idea!
Caleigh: :D OK, I'll take care of that! 
Pete: :D
Summary: Pete and Caleigh will go for a bike ride during the weekend. They will take a train to Skierniewice. They will have a picnic somewhere.
Dialogue: David: how much do I owe you?
John: don't remember
John: let me check :)
Summary: John doesn't remember how much David owes him. He's going to check.
Dialogue: Victoria: Hi! I just started watching Outlander
Anna: Wow - finally! Took you long enough :D
Victoria: I know, it's my third attempt actually.
Anna: Third?! You haven't said a thing before.
Victoria: Yeah, it was kind of pointless as I watched only 2 episodes.
Victoria: First time I watched just the first one, then first two episodes.
Anna: And? Couldn't get hooked? ;)
Victoria: No, surprisingly. I thought I was going to love it on the spot. It has everything I love - history, costumes, plot, time travel, and Scots.
Anna: That's why I recommended it you, thought you may love it.
Victoria: Maybe it wasn't the right time? I don't know really.
Victoria: I watched the first season already and can't wait for more :D
Anna: Hahaha, I'm so happy to hear it! Finally I will have someone to talk with and fangirl <3
Victoria: I must admit that Jamie Fraser is one of the reasons why I decided to keep watching ;)
Anna: No wonder! He's the reason I'm watching it at all, especially at the beginning.
Anna: I get why many people couldn't watch it. It's really good, but I also think that there's something missing.
Victoria: Yeah, I can't put my finger on it either, but I think I know what you mean. The show seems perfect, well done, good plot, characters, but it may come... bleak?
Anna: Hm... I love it to bits so I'm biased. I'm probably watching it for too long.
Victoria: Have you tried Black Sails? It's not the same obviously, but it's the same genre.
Anna: I did and I know many people love it, but this one of the show I couldn't make myself watching.
Victoria: Hahaha, same here. It's the same as I had with Outlander - watched 2-3 episodes and nothing.
Victoria: But so fair I only had two attempts ;)
Anna: I had one and decided I don't have enough time to force myself :P Too many good shows waiting 
Summary: Victoria and Anna discuss the show "Outlander" which Victoria recently started watching. They both enjoy "Outlander" but not "Black Sails".
Dialogue: William: hey :) are you busy rn?
Madison: hi! no :)
William: do you want to come over for the dinner?
William: i've made a TON of spaghetti and meat balls and it's freaking good
William: i feel like gordon ramsay now :D
Madison: i'm on my way!!
Summary: Madison is on her way to join William for dinner. 
Dialogue: Lacy: <file_video>
Lacy: <file_video>
Lacy: you like?
AJ: 👀👀
AJ: more👌😍😍
AJ: I like😍😍
Lacy: ur just a dirty ol man
AJ: I make no apologies for that when I got a hot chic like u to send me hot vids like that
AJ: more PLEASE
AJ:😜😜😜😜😜
Lacy:<file_video>
Lacy:<file_video>
Lacy:😍
Lacy:<file_video>😍😍
AJ: u r a tease
Lacy: I no as if i was gonna take it off lol
AJ: u kill me but I love ya❤
Summary: Lacy is sending hot videos to AJ.
Dialogue: Bonny: Hi, Clyde. You doin something?
Clyde: Not really. You?
Bonny: Just fucking bored to death.
Clyde: Me too. Let's do something!
Bonny: Yeah, let's do!
Clyde: What're we doing then?
Bonny: I don't know. Let's meet.
Clyde: Yeah. I'll pick you up.
Bonny: You do that. We'll think of something.
Summary: Bonny and Clyde are going to spend time together.
Dialogue: Becky: What's the wifi password?
Sylvia: <file_photo>
Becky: Is it Chester House 5 or 4?
Dan: which floor are you?
Becky: 4, so 4?
Dan: Hm, 5 works better in my opinion, fewer users ;)
Summary: Becky is on the 4th floor. There are fewer WIFI users on 5th floor.
Dialogue: Tom: Oh no! I lost my keys
Matt: Again?
Tom: Cannot find them anywhere... 
Summary: Tom lost his keys again.
Dialogue: Jason: Hi
Jason: Any suggestions for Oahu Hawaii? 
Rio: Haha you asking me? 
Jason: Ye I thought you lived in Hawaii for a bit
Rio: Ye but I have never been to Oahu actually? 
Jason: Really?? 
Rio: Im going there this December 
Rio: Just lived in Honolulu for 4 months
Jason: I see 
Rio: Oahu is a nice place tho! 
Rio: Vacaying?
Jason: Yep 🤟
Jason: planning on going there with my lady 
Rio: For how long
Jason: one week
Rio: You can go with Marlin travels
Jason: I gotta check it out thx!
Summary: Jason seeks suggestions for Oahu in Hawaii, where he will stay for a week with his lady. Rio lives in Hawaii but never visited Oahu, and he recommends going with Marlin travels.
Dialogue: Meg: Are you watching 'Who wants to be a millionaire'?
Harry: Yes
Will: I am too.
Meg: did you see the last question? 
Meg: the one about strobing, what is needed to do that?
Meg: I cant imagine that a woman didnt know!
Harry: well, I didnt know either
Meg: But ok, you're a guy!
Meg: Will, you didnt know either?
Will: thats right, I didnt.
Will: but Kate knew ;)
Meg: Of course!
Meg: How can a woman not know such a thing? Im really shocked!
Will: and the question the guy got about 1 dollar bill
Will: this kind of questions is really difficult
Harry: yeah
Harry: its funny that you see something quite often, but when they ask you to visualize it, you dont know
Will: yes, its funny
Will: I wouldnt know either
Meg: I'd say in general the questions were rather difficult today
Harry: you're right
Summary: The general questions in "Who wants to be a millionaire" were difficult today. The one about strobing and the one about the 1-dollar bill were of special interest to Harry, Will and Meg. Any woman should be able to answer a question about strobing.
Dialogue: Britney: Sorry can't respond right now. I'm at the doctor's.
Claire: Oh, don't worry, hope you're OK. Call you later!
Britney: Everything's OK. I'll hear you soon!
Summary: Britney is at the doctor's. She will contact Claire later. 
Dialogue: Ann: Hi July :) Any plans for 2night?
July: I'm going to the Cinema with Gus. U can go with us if u want.
Ann: i wish but I've to buy new dishwasher for my mom. 
July: Oh, I see. 
July: If u need any help I'll call Gus and we will help u.
Ann: Really?! You are great! :x
July: No problem sis :x
Summary: July and Gus are going to the cinema tonight. Ann has to buy a new dishwasher for her mom.
Dialogue: Ula: Good evening, could we meet up in order to sign our lease renewal?
Anna: Good evening, yes. Can we meet next week? Which days would be suitable for you?
Ula: Of course, no problem. The best would be Tuesday after 5:30pm or Friday after work
Anna: Unfortunately my schedule after work is packed.
Ula: And what about the weekend?
Anna: Sorry, but we won't be in the city. Perhaps we could sign it over the email?
Ula: Of course, my email is: <file_other>
Anna: Ok, I will send it by the end of the week.
Ula: Thank you. Actually, we also have one more issue :) Recently we have had a problem with the front entrance, the code for opening the doors didn't work and as you know we don't have the key.
Anna: We also don't have the key, otherwise we would have given it to you
Ula: Could we get one from the building's manager?
Anna: I will give him a call tomorrow. 
Ula: In case he doesn't have the key, we can ask a neighbor.
Anna: That is a good idea. After you make the key be sure to deduct the cost from your rent. Are there any other problems with the apartment?
Ula: No, the first year here has been great. Hopefully the second will be similar
Anna: I am happy to hear that. Let me know in case of any issues.
Ula: I will be sure to. Have a nice evening :)
Anna: You too :)
Ula: Thank you
Summary: Anna will e-mail Ula the lease renewal agreement. Anna will call the building's manager to address Ula's problem with the front door.
Dialogue: Alex: I passed it :)))
Monica: Woooooooww!! Was it hard??
Alex: A bit
Emma: Congrats :))
Alex: Thx :* And when is your exam @Mon?
Monica: next Tue, so still practising...
Emma: :<
Monica: But i think it'll be OK
Monica: Wish me luck
Emma: Ofc it'll be OK!!!! You are well prepared
Monica: <file_gif>
Alex: xDD
Summary: Alex passed her exam. Monica's exam is due next Tuesday.
Dialogue: Mandy: new academic year is coming!
Mandy: can't wait to see you guys!
Troy: hey, how was your holiday?
Mandy: 2 months in Brazil, amazing place
Nate: hey, I missed ya
Mandy: :*
Troy: I wonder about curriculum
Nate: ya, last one sucked
Mandy: They should pay more attention to our remarks
Nate: maybe they will improve that
Troy: that would be great
Mandy: it cannot be worse than last year
Nate: haha true
Summary: A new academic year is coming. Mandy spent her holiday in Brazil.
Dialogue: George: Do you have Amy's number?
Harry: Wanna ask her out?
Lucas: I have but it will cost you!! :P
George: Come on!
Lucas: What will I get?
George: I will buy you a beer
Lucas: Two!
George: ok
Lucas: <file_other> 
Summary: George will buy Lucas two beers in exchange for Amy's number.
Dialogue: Katherine: I've got an idea
Jonas: I'm all ears...
Katherine: Let's shoot him an email saying that we can't do the assignment for the next class
Jonas: He's got to postpone it for the next week, we're swamped with work
Jonas: I'm pissed off. We've got no private life since the beginning of the semester!!!
Katherine: Me too
Summary: Katherine and Jonas will send him an email to extend the deadline for their assignment as they have been too busy since the semester started.
Dialogue: Mary: I've found ur skirt in my case!
Lizzy: LOL :)
Lizzy: u can put it if u want :)
Summary: Mary has found Lizzy's skirt in her case.
Dialogue: Chris: At home?
Paul: Yeah.
Chris: Want to play some Overwatch?
Paul: Sure but I need to eat first.
Chris: Not a problem, just log in when ready.
Summary: Paul will log in to play Overwatch with Chris after he's eaten.
Dialogue: Eric: 9.30 PM in front of the Steakhouse
Eric: we'll be eating there
Eric: afterwards we're going drinking not quite sure where yet
Greg: sounds like a plan ;)
Greg: I'll be there
Summary: Eric, Greg, and others will have dinner at Steakhouse at 9.30 pm and have drinks later.
Dialogue: Boris: Hey guys, I am too lazy to type to everyone :)
Boris: Basically, Radek and I want to make a party and your all all invited for the usual party, beer, food and chill :)
Hubert: Is the entrance free? ;)
Boris: It is, but leaving costs :D
Piotr: I will probably be working over the weekend :(
Gabriel: I think I will also be working, but I will make sure I drop by
Ozan: You must have a huge flat to invite this many people :D
Radek: Well, we are counting on not everyone coming :p
David: Do you have a shop near your flat?
Radek: Yea, one is just under. Sells alcohol ;)
Ozan: Sorry, I won't be in the city for the weekend :( But have fun anyway!
Boris: You know we won't have fun without you :(
Luke: Since I already have some plans, can I be +1? 
Gabriel: Are you really going to introduce a girl to us?? :D
Luke: Sorry, it will be a guy :D
Boris: Haha, no girls are allowed on my parties! :)
Summary: Boris and Radek want to invite all to the party. Piotr will be working but Gabriel will drop by. Ozan will be away for the weekend. Luke wants to bring a friend.
Dialogue: Heather: Dad, everything ok?
Peter: Heather, love, your sister's just been on, she's popping over with some dinner in half an hour.
Heather: Just worried about you, after all, it's only been 2 weeks. Glad Stace is coming over.
Peter: Twins ok, lovey and Alistair?
Heather: Well, they've been off nursery with a nasty bug, but they're going back tomorrow, thank goodness! I'm working tomorrow, so that fits in well. Ali is ok, busy as ever!
Peter: Do they understand what happened with Mum?
Heather: Well, they saw Nanna was getting smaller and smaller in hospital and I told them she was very very ill and tried to explain about what will happen, but, no, I don't think they get it.
Peter: Well, they are only 3, they won't really remember her.
Heather: Maybe, but I am always talking about Mum to them, so they hopefully will understand when they're older. Course, there's all the photos too.
Peter: You're doing the right thing, love, mum would do the same. It seems so odd here now.
Heather: Dad, you need to get out and about whenever you can, stop you dwelling on it.
Peter: Bit difficult after 45 years not to dwell on it, maybe I want to!
Heather: Fair enough. Look, I'll pop over with the kids after school, bring a cake, we'll have a cup of tea.
Peter: You and your sister are determined to fatten me up! I'd love to see you all, see you tomorrow afternoon.
Heather: Bye, Dad xx
Summary: Heather's sister will bring Peter dinner in half an hour. Lovey and Alistair are off nursery and going back tomorrow. Heather is working tomorrow. Heather's mother passed away. Heather and her kids will visit Peter tomorrow afternoon and bring a cake. 
Dialogue: Carl: are you planning to buy anything on black friday?
Douglas: so many things
Carl: what then?
Douglas: TV, vacuum, some external hard drive probably 
Carl: that's quite a long list
Douglas: how about you?
Carl: well I am hunting for new TV as well...
Douglas: got anything particular selected?
Carl: i was thinking about Philips
Douglas: because of ambilight?
Carl: yeah, this feature is dope, I saw it at Matthew's and i instantly wanted it haha
Douglas: i feel you, I am looking at the same models probably haha
Carl: 55 inch screen?
Douglas: only 50, our living room is not as big as yours
Summary: Douglas and Carl are going to buy TVs on Black Friday. In addition, Douglas wants to buy a vacuum cleaner and an external hard drive.
Dialogue: Charles: guys, we're forming a band!!!!!!
Martin: what are you talking about man :D
Charles: a fucking band man, guitars, drums, keyboard and off we go!
Daniel: ok, but are you playing any instruments? I'm playing a guitar as you know, but I guess it's not enough for the band xD
Martin: yep, and the vocals :P
Charles: you always know how to destroy childhood dreams...I'm gonna cry
Martin: xDDDDDDDD
Daniel: oh c'mon...but seriously, why such an idea?
Charles: listen
Charles: Daniel knows the guitar, I know THE DRUMS perfectly ( yep, a secret weapon of mine), Martin can be a singer and we can always find a drummer
Charles: why not to do it? are we gonna spent the entire university drinking and banging?
Daniel: actually...it's not that stupid
Charles: you see!!! let's do it
Martin: have you ever heard me singing? I sound like a dying whale
Charles: you're exaggerating, I've heard you once or twice and I liked it, so don't fuck with me
Martin: ok I'll think of it
Martin: but wait...you're playing drums???????? :o
Charles: there are still a lot of things you don't know about me B-)
Summary: They might form a band. Daniel will play the guitar, Charles will play the drums and Martin will sing. They will need to find one more musician .
Dialogue: Amy: hey you know about web design right?
Calvin: not really
Amy: i thought you did :-/
Calvin: i mean i know the basics of it
Calvin: but i'm by no means an expert
Amy: i found a lot of typos on my personal website
Amy: i don't want my clients to think i'm unprofessional
Calvin: yeah typos never give a good impression lol
Amy: could you help me correct them?
Amy: is it hard for you to do that?
Calvin: i think i can do that easily
Calvin: i thought you wanted me to do something complicated lol
Amy: not at all just correcting text
Calvin: yeah! i can do it easily
Calvin: just send me an email with the changes you want
Amy: i'll send it soon
Amy: THANKS SO MUCH!!!
Summary: Calvin will help Amy correct some typos on her website. 
Dialogue: Hariet: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight?
Kimberley: Who's coming?
Hariet: Me ;) :P
Kimberley: I'm in!
Hariet: Oh, so sweet! 
Kimberley: OK, ok, seriously. Who's gonna be there?
Hariet: Usual team: Greg, Tony, Ana, Kate, Caroline, Ben and Andrew.
Hariet: although yesterday  Andrew said he might not make it
Kimberley: ok, I can go.
Kimberley: my boss, can't talk
Kimberley: see u at the pub
Summary: Kimberley will join Hariet, Greg, Tony, Ana, Kate, Caroline, Ben and probably Andrew at the pub tonight. 
Dialogue: Lola: Did you find the lake?
Flora: no! we got lost?
Lola: how is it possible?
Flora: no idea
Lola: did you use google maps
Amalia: no, not really
Flora: we asked people
Amalia: I think they told us a wrong way
Lola: how silly
Summary: Flora and Amalia got lost and didn't find the lake. They asked people instead of using google maps.
Dialogue: David: Hi Terry , How’s the work progress,
Terry: Sorry for the delay boss in posting my work, Its been a rough week, one I have finally caught upto.
David: Well don’t take too long I need the work finished by now, its approaching the deadline.
Terry: Ok. I will submit right away.
Summary: Terry's having a rough week and there's some delay in his work. David, his boss, needs it finished. Terry will submit it now.
Dialogue: Sue: HEY! Are you alive? :)
Joanna: Barely...
Simona: I am!
Sue: Jo called me at 1 pm
Joanna: what??!!
Simona: What did she want?!
Sue: I don't know... didn't pick up... 
Joanna: hahah
Sue: I need to call her back
Simona: Let us know what it is about
Summary: Joanna doesn't feel well. Simona feels ok. Jo called Sue at 1pm, but she didn't pick up. She will call her.
Dialogue: Kurt: Dad, wanna get this 2000 piece puzzle?(・∀・)
Kyle: How did you know?(＠_＠;)
Kurt: I saw you could not take your eyes off from this puzzle at the shop(~_~)
Kyle: I should wait till next month to buy it😟😓😟😓
Kurt: Cause mum gives you allowance every month? T.TT.TT.T
Kyle: Yes, son T.T I should collect my allowance first.
Kurt: Do you maybe want me to ask her? ✌️✌️
Kurt: Maybe I can pretend I would like to have it✌️✌️✌️
Kyle: ..really? Will you do that?😜😜😜
Kurt: I know you have wanted to get it and now mum is managing our finance at our home. -_-;;;
Kurt: right?Q_Q But I think mum should buy you this puzzle! So i will tell mum!
Kyle: Thank you son!😜
Kyle: Just try as much as you can that it is you who wants to get this puzzle😸😸😸
Kyle: Alright? 
Summary: Kurt will try to convince his mother to buy him a puzzle that is in fact for his father.
Dialogue: Miguel: How was it at the shop today?
Florence: It was ok. I picked up that bag I told you about. 
Florence: Sending over some images
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: <file_photo>
Florence: Can you see?
Miguel: Yes
Miguel: It's really nice!
Miguel: You can see the coach and horses label
Miguel: Will you resell it?
Florence: I'll probably keep it for myself
Florence: I always wanted one like this, in this colour and style
Miguel: It's really nice actually, well done on the purchase 😉
Miguel: Are you going to watch any of your shows tonight?
Florence: Yes, there is one starting at 8
Miguel: Which one?
Florence: Do you remember that program I had told you about? The one on the organic farm?
Miguel: The one with the farm animals?
Florence: Yes 😃
Florence: A lot of people think the show is quite childish, because they interact a lot with the animals, but I think it's nice
Miguel: I agree, I will try and find it on YouTube. It sounds interesting 
Florence: It's starting ;)
Miguel: Chat later ;)
Summary: Florence has bought a bag today, in a colour and style she always wanted. Now she is watching the TV show with farm animals on the organic farm.
Dialogue: Rachael: Hi Sam, did you finish your project in time? 
Samantha: I got an extension from the professor. Mom was in the hospital last week for her operation, so I didn't have much time to work on it.
Rachael: That's right. I remember you telling me about that. Did everything go smoothly?
Samantha: Yes, it went fine. We were all a little worried, but in the end there were no problems.
Rachael: Very glad to hear that. 
Samantha: Thanks! I'll be able to start working on the project again tomorrow. I have until Tuesday to finish it. 
Rachael: Great. I'm sure you'll do a good job with it.
Samantha: Thanks! 
Summary: Samantha got an extension as her mom was in hospital and she had no time. Rachael is glad her operation went fine. Samantha has to finish the project until Thursday.
