Dialogue: Lucy: Hi Patty. Is dad with you?
Patty: No. He never is on Thursdays.
Lucy: Can't reach him on the phone.
Patty: Tried landline?
Lucy: No. I thought he'd had it disconnected long ago.
Patty: Of course not. The same number for the last hundred years.
Lucy: OK. But his mobile isn't answering!
Patty: Good Lord!!! Lucy!! SO WHAT?
Lucy: Just worried! He felt off color last night.
Patty: Most likely drunk too much. As usual.
Lucy: Don't  be so flippant about him pls. He is my dad and I am worried.
Patty: So why don't you just move your ass and drive over to him?
Lucy: Because I bloody hell can't.
Patty: And you want me to drop everything and go to Brighton?!
Lucy: Didn't say that.
Patty: But meant it.
Lucy: No, I did not. I think I can cope without you.
Patty: Very well indeed.
Lucy: Just give me his landline number.
Patty: 761 761535
Lucy: Ta.
Patty: As far as I know he's having his palls in every Thursday morning. They are rehearsing or something.
Lucy: WHY didn't you me that at once?
Patty: You didn't ask.
Lucy: You are really a pain the ass Patricia.
Patty: Thank you. And tell your precious dad about it.
Lucy: Be sure I will.
Summary: Lucy is looking for her dad, she is worried. Patty suggests he probably has been drinking last night, and had his friends over. 
Dialogue: Rick: Hi Bev
Beverly: Hi Rick
Rick: I couldn't come to class today because I had a medical appointment
Beverly: Oh! Are you ok?
Rick: Yes, I'm fine but I missed Ackerman's course and you know how tought that subject is
Beverly: And I guess you need my notes ;)
Rick: If possible, obviously
Beverly: No problem, I just have to rewrite them in Word because my handwriting is... well, you know it
Rick: Still better than mine :D
Beverly: And still not entirely readable ;) I will send you the file tomorrow, ok? I like to type all of my notes on the computer but it takes time
Rick: Ok, no problem, thank you in advance
Beverly: This made me think of that Polish friend of mine
Rick: Ah, Janusz! He always wrote "thank you from the mountain", was it some Polish play on words?
Beverly: Yes, he explained it to me once :) I really have to go now but I will send you the notes tomorrow in the afternoon, ok? Bye!
Rick: Ok, see you
Summary: Rick missed Ackerman's class today because of a medical appointment. Beverly will send him her notes tomorrow in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Wesley: How are your fury friends doing today?
Hailey: They are good, looking cute as always
Hailey: <file_photo>
Hailey: <file_photo>
Hailey: <file_photo>
Wesley: 😍😍😍😍
Wesley: Cuteeee
Wesley: I love that little window
Wesley: You have a lovely home
Hailey: Thanks
Hailey: Yes it's perfect for the cat too
Hailey: Hahaha
Wesley: For sure :)
Hailey: We also put her food up there
Hailey: To keep it away from the dog
Wesley: Of course hehe
Wesley: Dogs have no limit 😝
Hailey: Yeah hahaha
Summary: Hailey's fury friends are doing well. They are well-behaved and cute. Wesley likes their photos and this of Hailey's home, too, especially the little window. It is the cat's favourite place. She also gets her food there so that the dog cannot reach it.
Dialogue: Brook: Hello, It is an American company that's been on the market for 30 years. From 24 on the stock exchange, 3rd on the cosmetics market. 75 scientists work for the company. It was the first to market hyaluronic acid and as the only ethocne that improves skin elasticity. We have patented formulas and devices with galvanic currents. These decisions created many possibility, thanks to which we were able to form our beauty empire with pleasure. I'll explain everything to you and help you, if you're interested.
Erica: Hi, currently I am interested, but I still have a lot of questions... does this job entail me to promote certain products of this company on for example fb marketplace?
Brook: You promote products on your group or via fb messenger - but we don't promote our products through other selling groups on Facebook
Erica: Oki, so that's a no on fb selling product groups - does that include Facebook marketplace? (because that's general fb and everyone promotes their products there)...
Brook: No, on those fb groups, you can't create a secret group on Facebook (and it's on such a group that you'll sell items)
Erica: Sorry, could you explain that again?
Brook: You create a private/secret group in Facebook and on there you'll promote company products
Brook: <file_photo>
Brook: <file_photo>
Brook: Here i an example of a post of what you would write
Erica: I see... Thank you, however I think I'll have to turn down this job offer. Thank you for you time and have a nice day!
Brook: Let me know if you change your mind. Have a nice day!
Erica: I will. Thanks again!
Summary: Brook works for American company, present on the market for 30 years, 24 on stock exchange, 3rd position on the market with 75 scientists working. They patented formulas and devices with galvanic currents and marketed hyaluronic acid as first. Erica turns down the job offer presented by Brook.
Dialogue: Alan: guys, you're Americans, could you tell me how much should I tip in NYC, I'm always confused
Peter: I'm British :P
Alan: Once sb told me it's about 10%
Alan: that it's decent
Josephine: No, I'd say at least 15%
Melissa: In NYC I always give at least 20%
Jay: me too
Alan: What? That's a lot!
Melissa: I know, but there are good reasons for that
Melissa: waiters get paid very badly in NYC
Jay: if they get paid at all
Melissa: exactly
Alan: what?
Melissa: it's said that nowadays a lot of business owners don't pay waiters because they assume they would get tips
Jay: and of course they don't have health insurance and so on, very often
Jay: so conditions of this work are very bad generally
Alan: So we basically chip in their salary?
Jay: yes, it seems so
Melissa: I believe in most of cases it's true
Summary: Alan isn't sure if a 10% tip is enough in NY. Josephine usually tips minimum 15%, Jay and Melissa more than 20%. Many NY waiters don't get regular wages or don't have health insurance so they have to rely on tips as only income.
Dialogue: Harry: <file_video> 
Gia: Is that you when you were young xd
Harry : ye playing soccer at 3 already 
Gia: Omg that's why u so talented
Harry: 😄
Summary: Harry played soccer when he was 3 years old.
Dialogue: Julius: dude, your assessment of manutd
Lawrence: i have nothing to say, im so offended and hopeless of them this season
Julius: me too
Lawrence: i dont even know whats wrong with the team
Julius: the quality is there but nothing is happening
Lawrence: the players look tired of something
Julius:  with mourinhos conservative football!!
Lawrence: its so boring
Julius: so lifeless
Lawrence: man!!
Julius: it needs to change, hope the board sees it
Lawrence: sooner than later
Julius: yeah
Lawrence: yeah
Summary: Lawrence is disappointed with Manchester United's performance this season. Both he and Julius believe the team needs changes to improve.
Dialogue: Dominique: I must say I was shocked by Lisa's behaviour
Glesny: I wasn't 
Glesny: I know she's been through hell
Roberta: What do you mean?
Glesny: Her husband abuses her verbally and physically
Glesny: Don't tell me you've never seen her bruises
Dominique: She always said it was from her son who is hyperactive and lacks motor coordination
Glesny: Bullshit
Glesny: Have you ever seen the kid?
Glesny: He's a little angel. Very shy and peaceful. Just a normal kid...
Roberta: I had no idea about the violence
Glesny: It's been going for years
Glesny: I tried to help her
Glesny: But it's not easy
Glesny: She's trapped in her marriage 
Dominique: But what does Mrs Owens have to do with it?
Dominique: She shouldn't have shouted at her.
Glesny: I wouldn't blame her 
Glesny: This whole situation is costing her a lot
Glesny: She's on a verge of a nervous breakdown 
Summary: Lisa's on a verge of a nervous breakdown because of domestic violence she's been going through for years. That's why Glesny wasn't shocked by her behaviour when Mrs Owens had shouted at her.
Dialogue: Tim: When are we meeting up again?
Tim: My phone calendar is playing up and I totally lost the schedule.
Fran: Thursday at 4pm.
Tim: OK.
Fran: De Grasso pizza place.
Tim: How do I get there?
Fran: It's in the center.
Fran: Not far from the church.
Fran: How are you getting there?
Tim: By train.
Fran: Get off at Lawrence Hill.
Fran: Head towards the courthouse.
Fran: Keep walking past, then past the church and all the way down to the end of the road.
Fran: It'll be on your right about 50 yards before the end of the street.
Tim: Is it easy to spot?
Fran: Fairly easy.
Fran: If you have problems finding it give me a call.
Tim: OK. I shall. See you there.
Fran: See you.
Summary: Fran explains to Tim how to get to De Grasso pizza place where they should meet on Tuesday, 4 pm.
Dialogue: Foster: sorry i couldn't be there
Ben: thats okay, i knew you were busy
Foster: yeah thanks for understanding man 
Ben: family comes first man :)
Summary: Foster couldn't be there for Ben. Ben understands. 
Dialogue: Francesca: girls, I need your advice
Blake: what's up?
Vivienne: yes?
Francesca: Brian wants us to go on a dancing course, it's not that i don't like it but I'm stressed out...i can't dance, I can barely walk :/
Blake: you know, the courses are to go and learn from them...so you're a perfect candidate to try it
Vivienne: that's right, nobody who can dance would pay to go on a dancing course
Francesca: I get it, but I'm so impatient when something doesn't work out as I want :/
Francesca: and Brian is 100% sure and is almost bullying me to stop freaking out
Blake: oh come on, maybe it's something you will love? you won't know until you try
Blake: sometimes you just have to jump in the deep end and see what happens
Vivienne: Blake's right
Vivienne: c'mon
Francesca: I'll reconsider it...maybe
Vivienne: just think about all the parties where you can be the couple of the night
Blake: exactly!!!!!
Blake: If you're scared then Viv and I can go as a couple on that course hahahaha
Vivienne: Blake....this is absolutely fantastic, I'm in XDDDD
Francesca: omg, really? xddd
Blake: why not
Blake: Viv, will you be my gf during that course? xd
Viv: of course DARLING hahahahahaah
Francesca: I can't believe it XDDDD I already see myself introducing you to my boyfriend as the lesbian couple I know and respect XD
Summary: Francesca is stressed as Brian wants them to go on a dancing course. She can't dance and she's afraid she's not going to learn, whereas Brain is very insistent. Blake and Vivienne persuade her it's a good idea. In case the course doesn’t work for her the girls can take this course instead.
