Dialogue: Peter: How is your day going?
Peter: Hmm?
Jess: Ah Peter, I'm sorry but I can't really talk right now. Maybe some other time. 
Peter: Ok.
Summary: Jess cannot talk right now.
Dialogue: Eva: i have nothing to wear
Grace: as always
Eva: but today i MUST look gorgeous
Grace: as always
Eva: but today im going out with Tom
Grace: Tom Morgan?
Eva: of course, Tom Hotty Morgan
Grace: restaurant?
Eva: yes, La Donna Pasticella 
Grace: so maybe this red dress?
Eva: too long
Grace: hmm, this orange is shorter
Eva: i will look like Orange tree, with my green hair
Grace: black is too obvious
Eva: black is always a good idea ;)
Summary: Eva is going out with Tom Morgan and she wants to look gorgeous. They are going to La Donna Pasticella restaurant. Grace suggests a red or orange dress but Eva prefers a black one.
Dialogue: Randy: let's meet up at 7pm
Bartek: sweet where exactly
Bartek: i live near central station
Randy: I'm in subburbs, maybe middle way?
Bartek: aight
Randy: Great! I will be with my boyfriend
Bartek: boyfriend
Bartek: i didnt know you have one
Randy: Yes, I do! I'm glad you guys can meet
Bartek: you know i forgot i have plans already
Bartek: maybe next time
Summary: Randy wanted to meet with Bartek at 7 p.m. halfway between the suburbs and the central station. Bartek did not know that Randy has a boyfriend. Randy wanted to go with her boyfriend at the meeting. Bartek was surprised by that and decided not to meet at all.
Dialogue: Ross: Hey Isabella ! you have lost weight. you must be on a diet 
Ayehsa: No Ross, I have started jogging.
Ross: Well that's great.
Ayehsa: Thank you
Summary: Ayehsa has started jogging.
Dialogue: Helen: Are you going to the dance on Saturday?
Hannah: Of course! I'll be singing there
Helen: What are you talking about?
Hannah: We will have a small perfomrance
Helen: What do you mean with 'we' I thought you'll be solo
Hannah: Don't be funny I couldn't make something like this solo
Hannah: We are 15 people, 10 are singing and rest is playing instruments
Helen: Wow that sounds great, what instruments?
Hannah: A guitar, 2 violins, an alto and one small drum
Helen: That's almost a band
Helen: What are you singing?
Hannah: That should be a surprise for everyone so I can't tell you
Helen: Please...
Hannah: The only thing I can tell you that it will be a Christmas performance
Helen: Yeah I can't wait!
Hannah: What you are wearing for the dance?
Helen: That's why I'm texting you...I honestly have no idea what to wear...
Hannah: You have this gorgeus red dress that you wear on my birthday I think it wil fit for the Christmas theme
Helen: That's actually not a bad idea
Helen: I honestly forgot about that dress
Hannah: It's really pretty. I will have a black long dress because we will all were black 
Helen: It will be looking great, I'm sure!
Summary: Hannah accompanied by 15 people will perform at the Saturday's dance. The song is a secret. Hannah thinks Helen should wear the red dress for the dance. Hannah will wear black, just like the other performers.
Dialogue: Kamren: What a game today
Kamren: 7-0
Hattie: For who?
Kamren: Portugal vs Estonia
Hattie: Mm
Hattie: Ok. Enjoy the match. We'll talk later
Kamren: Game is done
Summary: Portugal beat Estonia 7-0.
Dialogue: Aurelia: Rory, you know that you‘re group admin 😂
Rory: Oops
Rory: She told me that’s her new number.
Aurelia: Is she joining us in Belgium? I thought she has to work 💁‍♀
Rory: She was going to check
Rory: But I don’t think she can change her schedule
Julia: I can! I’m going with you!!!! 🍾🍾🎉
Aurelia: No way! I’m so happy! 😍 That’s going to be the best day ever!
Rory: Awesome!!! I kinda miss you… 😘
Summary: Julia will join Aurelia and Rory in Belgium. 
Dialogue: Pam: Have you seen my hairdryer?
Pam: I can't find it anywhere.
Lisa: Oh, damn, I forgot to tell you...
Lisa: It has broken down this morning
Lisa: So I called Chris and he told me to bring it to him and he'll cast an eye over it
Pam: For fuck's sake!
Pam: What am I supposed to do now?! Shit!
Lisa: I'm really sorry, but it's nobody's fault
Lisa: It's called perversity of inanimate objects, nothing more
Pam: Fuckin' bad luck
Summary: Pam's hairdryer broke and Lisa gave it to Chris to fix it.
Dialogue: Nathalie: hey we're going downtown to do some shopping
Nathalie: let me know if you wanna come
Therese: oh sure why not
Nathalie: ok I'd like to pick you up at 2, is that fine?
Therese: yeah, that's ideal, my dear ;-)
Nathalie: we're gonna have so much fun haha!
Summary: Nathalie will pick up Therese at 2 to go shopping.
Dialogue: Aaron: Hi Abbey! :)
Abbey: Hi Aaron! It's been a while!!!
Abbey: How are you? Where are you now? 
Aaron: Well, acctually I'm back in town and... I thought I saw you yesterday at the bus station. 
Abbey: I was there!
Abbey: Why didn't you say something?
Aaron: At first I wasn't sure if it was you and then your bus arrived. 
Abbey: I see. So how are you?
Aaron: I'm fine. 
Aaron: I came back to town for good. 
Abbey: Wow, that's uite a news! 
Aaron: Well, yes. 
Aaron: It was a spontaneous decision to quite my job at the city and come home.
Abbey: Why? What happened?
Aaron: It's a long story.
Aaron: Maybe you'd like to meet for a coffee and a chat?
Abbey: I'd like to hear about that, so yes. 
Aaron: Are you free tomorrow midday?
Abbey: Yes, I'm on maternity leave, so yes.
Aaron: Wow, you have a baby?!
Aaron: That's wonderful! Congratulations!
Abbey: It's not quite that simple. But we can talk tomorrow.
Aaron: Okey... I'm not asking any more questions now. 
Aaron: Can I come for you at 12:00?
Abbey: I'd rather meet at a coffee, as I have thigns to do in town in the morning. 
Aaron: Can you chose a place? Cos I have absoultely no idea where we could go now. 
Aaron: So much has changed!
Abbey: Yes, indeed it did change..
Abbey: I'll write you an address later, ok?
Aaron: OK! I'm so happy to meet you! :)
Summary: Aaron quit his job in the city and came back home for good. He saw Abbey at the bus station. She now has a baby. They will meet for a coffee a chat tomorrow at noon.
Dialogue: Josh: Hey there buddy! When are you coming to England to visit?
Peter: What's up Josh! It's going to be a little difficult this year I'm afraid... Work has just been terrible lately.
Josh: Oh I'm sorry to hear that :(  
Peter: It's alright bro, I'm also changing houses btw. I bought a new flat and sold that big old one.
Josh: Oh cool! I have to check it out next time I visit you in sweet sunny Portugal :D
Peter: Dude it's gonna be so cool, going to make a gaming room and it's going to be awesoooome. 
Josh: Sweeeet. Still playing PS4?
Peter: Oh yeah, been playing Spiderman 4 and the game is just amazing, you should definitely check it out!
Josh: Uuuh sounds good, is it really worth it?
Peter: It really is, a little bit expensive but totally worth it.
Summary: Peter is moving to a new flat. Josh wants to visit him in Portugal. Peter's been playing Spiderman 4 and reckons it's a bit expensive but worth the money.
Dialogue: Jacob: soo how was the partyyy last night?
Jacob: Did I miss much?
Cynthia: tbh you missed indeed much! You have no idea who came to the party!
Jacob: gimmie gossip girl :D
Cynthia: Sweet Tooth Penny and her newest boyfriend :D
Jacob: OMG srsly? How is she doing these days?
Cynthia: Well she has recently started new work as a secretary
Jacob: no wonder, she was born to do this kind of job XD
Cynthia: and her boyfriend is a sailor
Jacob: LOL 
Jacob: do you have pics?
Cynthia: sure
Cynthia: <file_photo>
Cynthia: <file_photo>
Jacob: awww…that looks pretty awesome
Jacob: and Penny is still pretty :D
Cynthia: <file_video>
Jacob: XD
Summary: Cynthia went to a party last night that Jacob didn't go to. Penny came to the party with her new boyfriend who is a sailor. Penny has recently started a new job as a secretary. 
Dialogue: Sebastian: How many days until end of school year ?
Marta: 53 days
Sebastian: So many days ? Looking forward to the holidays !
Marta: You still have some time to buy your swimming suit :)
Summary: Sebastian and Marta count down days until the end of school year.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: Your homemade food is amazing babe!!
Jacqueline: I will order more meals for next week :)
Kaylee: Thank you darling :)
Jacqueline: How are you managing to prepare so many meals each week?
Kaylee: I'm not doing it alone, I'm doing it together with another girl from the gym 😉
Jacqueline: Ah! Amazing!
Kaylee: Tomorrow I'll send you the menu we have for next week
Jacqueline: Perfect babe, thanks!
Summary: Jacqueline will order more meals from Kaylee next week. Kaylee and another girl from the gym prepare the meals together. Kaylee will send Jacqueline the menu for the next week tomorrow.
Dialogue: David: Guys, as you might already know, Tom won't be able to come with us to the Festival
Olga: What happened?
Fred: Just some work related stuff, don't worry.
David: Still that leaves us with a spare ticket that we won't be able to return
David: So ask around if anyone would like to come with us
Nancy: What about the sleeping arrangements?
David: We still have the rooms booked as before, depending on who'll replace him, we can always rearrange...
Nancy: True
Fred: If I remember Steve was interested when we started planning, maybe we can ask him?
David: Already did, unfortunately he can't...
Olga: I'll ask my brother, he likes that kind of stuff, so he might be interested to come
David: Great, please do
Nancy: What about the rest? They're not here atm
Fred: I'll call them later and ask if they know anyone who would like to come.
David: Great, that way I don't have to do it :P
David: Anyway, we still have some time before the Festival so it's not super urgent
David: but keep that in mind and if anything changes keep each other updated!
Summary: Tom can't make it to the Festival so David suggests everyone asks around for someone to replace him. 
Dialogue: Hunter: so, have I convinced you to give tennis a go? :)
Natalie: maybe :)
Natalie: definitely today’s class was less traumatic than what I remember from the middle school
Hunter: “less traumatic”
Hunter: you don’t seem to be overly enthusiastic :D
Natalie: i didn’t mean it this way ;)
Hunter: actually, why do you dislike tennis so much?
Natalie: when i was in my early teenage years my parents used to make me play tennis, although i absolutely hated it
Hunter: why?
Natalie: my dad wanted me to become the next Steffi Graf
Natalie: plus i was a little bit overweight and he thought that playing tennis would help me to slim down
Hunter: i see...
Hunter: that’s why you were so reluctant, huh?
Natalie: mhm
Natalie: but i had fun today, so maybe i’ll change my mind
Natalie: i just have really bad associations with this sport
Hunter: well, i hope you’ll rediscover tennis for yourself, you’re really good at it :)
Hunter: you know, there’s no pressure this time :)
Natalie: thanks! :) maybe, who knows... ;)
Summary: Natalie has bad memories of tennis, because as a teenager her father forced her to play it. Hunter tries to convince Natalie to give tennis another shot, because she's good at it.
Dialogue: Dan: Hi Jack, can I come over to play
Jack: Don know, I'll ask mum.
Dan: please ask her for mini choc rolls!
Jack: mum say yes come now
Dan: Mini roll?
Jack: Yes!
Summary: Dan will come to Jack to play and his mum will get them mini choc rolls. 
Dialogue: Tay: Awesome deal! Sodastream Spirit for 39!
Becca: No way!
Tay: Yeah! Like 60 percent off!
Becca: Where?
Tay: Amazon...
Becca: Sweet! I want one!
Tay: Order! LOL!
Becca: Can't afford it.
Summary: Tay is happy about 60% discount on Sodastream Spirit on Amazon, but Becca can't afford it.
Dialogue: Ellen: Are you taking a break now?
Susie: Yep, in five, I just need to finish the report
Ellen: Wanna get some coffee?
Susie: Love to
Summary: Susie is taking a break in 5 after she's done with the report. Ellen wants to get some coffee with Susie.
Dialogue: Beth: Did you see what Lisa was wearing???
Renee: YES!!!! GAG!!!
Beth: I know!
Renee: I mean, if you had that gut, would you dare?
Beth: I don’t and I don’t! LOL!
Renee: LOL!
Beth: Does she not have a mirror?
Renee: No way she has a mirror! LOL!
Beth: I know crop tops are in but gawd!
Renee: LOL!
Beth: Maybe she borrowed it from her mom!
Renee: LMAO!!!
Beth: That’s even worse! LOL!
Renee: See? Could be worse! LOL!
Beth: Mom top!
Renee:  Muffin top! LOL!
Beth: LMAFO!!!!
Summary: Beth and Renee are laughing at Lisa's crop top.
Dialogue: Monika: say hi to your new Facebook friend, Monika
Keith: Hi, Monika.
Monika: Hello. Do I know you from somewhere?
Keith: Yes, you remember, I am Sophie's dad. Our kids were friends at school. 
Monika: Sophie from England?
Keith: That's right, you do remember.
Monika: I remember your Sophie punching my Paweł in the face, and me complaining to the school about it. How is she, anyway? Has she managed to stay out of prison?
Keith: Yes, she is in Croatia now, for the holiday. She only punched him in the face because he was hitting her, by the way.
Monika: Yes, but he was only hitting her because he liked her. But when she punched him back she broke his glasses, and you refused to pay for a new pair.
Keith: That's right! So glad you remember us.
Summary: Monika's son Paweł and Keith's daughter Sophie were going to school together. Paweł used to hit Sophie, because he liked her. Sophie hit Paweł back once and broke his glasses. Keith refused to pay for Paweł's glasses. Sophie is in Croatia now for holidays. 
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Abby: What are you doing tonight?
Gaby: Nothing much, Netflix and chill probably
Abby: Really? No Valentine's Day romantic getaway?
Gaby: We talked about and came to a conclusion that it's completely overrated and that we will not be forced to manifest our love just because a population of morons decides to do so
Gaby: and to be truly honest
Gaby: we forgot to make a reservation and everything's booked :P
Abby: Haha I could help you with that
Gaby: How so?
Abby: We have a table for four at Boscaiola cause Mark's sister was supposed to bring her new boyfriend
Abby: but stable as her life is -- they broke up with a huge fight last night :D
Gaby: Poor Sandy!!
Abby: Anyway, woulkd you like to join us?
Abby: sorry it's last minute
Gaby: What's the deal?
Abby: It's a prefixed menu with three price option
Abby: <file_other>
Gaby: Wow, the appetizers looks amazing!! I'll run it past Jeff
Abby: Ok let me know by tonight?
Gaby: Sure, thanks!! :)
Summary: Gaby will talk with Jeff about going with Abby and Mark to Valentine's dinner at Boscaiola.
Dialogue: Harvey: Hey Dona, i'll be running late. please reschedule my meeting
Dona: but its an important one
Harvey: yeah, i know, but please find a way
Dona: Okay Harvey, but better have an explanation for the client
Harvey: Dont worry, i have one, but ill explain later after i arrive
Dona: okay sir
Harvey: thanks Dona
Summary: Dona will reschedule the meeting on Harvey's request.
Dialogue: Amka: Have you ever been to Erasmus? 
Amka: and how are you spending Halloween?
Mick: I've never done any student exchanges before.
Mick: That sounds like a lot of fun.
Mick: It's good you're doing a lot of this.
Mick: T'll make your CV 10x better.
Mick: Im'm gonna go to da club with my friends for Halloween loool
Amka: I propably won't dress up.
Mick: There was a plan for me to go to London for Halloween 
Mick: with my grandparents
Mick: But my grandma is having some health issues 
Mick: and the plan does'nt exist anymore
Amka: :(
Summary: Mick has never dons student exchanges, but it may be good for the CV. For Halloween, Mick is going to go to a club with his friends. He had a plan to go to London with his grandparents, but his grandma is ill, so they aren't going. Amka probably won't dress up for Halloween. 
Dialogue: Kaisey: Aiii hope you guys found a place to find shelter for the rain!!
Luke: Just made it back. Was only sprinkling on our walk at least
Fred: Same here ;)
Kaisey: Oh. Not too bad :p
Summary: Luke and Fred managed to return before a downpour.
Dialogue: Anne: Hi Girls, r u going 2 the integration party tomorrow?
Chantal: Of course I am!
Meghan: Me 2!
Anne: But Maggie's not.
Chantal: Well no surprise there.
Meghan: What's wrong with that girl?
Anne: Dunno, she's so antisocial.
Chantal: That's true, I don't think I've seen her at any of our company integration parties.
Meghan: Oh well, her loss.
Anne: That's right. We work hard & party hard :)
Summary: Anne, Chantal and Meghan are going to the integration party tomorrow.
Dialogue: Leo: Hello grandpa, can you come over and help me do my maths? please
Leo: Grandpa, are you there?
Grandpa: Hello Leo! I didn't notice your message at once. So you need help?
Leo: Dad is busy and mom doesn't know
Grandpa: But you know it's quite late now. By the time I'm at your place it will be midnight. Do you need my help NOW?
Leo: No tomorrow will do
Grandpa: OK, kid. I'll be there when you come back from school tomorrow.
Leo: You are the best!
Leo: Thank you
Grandpa: Sleep tight, kiddo!
Summary: Grandpa will help Leo tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Patty: what are we doing for New Year's Eve?
Jill: I was just thinking about that... not to many prospects this year
Patty: Dean is having a party
Jill: Dean's parties are the worst :/
Patty: A little dull but he does have some cute friends
Jill: a trip to the seaside?
Patty: isn't everything booked?
Jill: we'll have to check.
Summary: Patty has no plans for New Year's Eve, so Jill will check if there is any accommodation available at the seaside. They won't go to Dean's party as it's dull.
Dialogue: Lauren: i tried calling you at the office today
Lauren: but you never picked up :-(
Lauren: and you're not picking up your cell phone either
Lauren: is everything ok?
Frances: YES! lol
Frances: i've been on a meeting all day so i can't talk
Frances: but i can text :-D
Lauren: hahaha ok, i was beginning to get worried
Frances: i'm bored out of my mind :-/
Frances: we're not discussing anything important!!
Frances: it's just a waste of my time!!!!!!
Lauren: how long till it's done?
Frances: i'm guessing a couple of hours :-(
Lauren: sounds like torture
Frances: it is, i've been playing angry birds through most of it
Lauren: hahahaha, ok, that's not bad, you've been entertained at least
Frances: kind of
Lauren: anyway, i just wanted to text you to invite you to my birthday party
Lauren: it will be this friday at my place
Lauren: very casual, no gifts, just friends and drinks
Frances: that sounds incredible!!! just what i need!
Lauren: so i'll take that as a yes?
Frances: YES! count me in!!! :D
Lauren: i'll text you the details later :-D
Lauren: also, enjoy your meeting!!!
Frances: lol you're so cruel
Summary: Frances is at a boring meeting at work. She will come to Lauren's birthday party on Friday. 
Dialogue: Pete: Anyone up for movie tonight?
Jo: I am, I'll be free at 7
Jules: I can't today, have plans already
Paul: I can too, around 8?
Pete: Let's meet at the usual cinema at 8
Summary: Pete suggests a movie tonight. Jo and Paul can join, so they will meet at the usual cinema at 8. Jules can't join, he has plans already. 
Dialogue: Ruth: Hey guys! What are you wearing on our night out? Don’t want to look too dressed up! 
Anna: i’m gonna wear off the shoulder bodycon. What about you Em?
Emily: i’m gonna go for sequin mini dress and you Ruth?
Ruth: i can’t decide between midi dress in leopard print or lace dress with pephem
Emily: i don’t like animal prints so go for the lace one
Anna: yeah, i’d go for the lace one as well
Ruth: thanks guys! are you wearing heels?
Anna: obviously! 
Summary: For their night out Anna is going to wear off the shoulder bodycon, Emily — a sequin mini dress, and Ruth — lace dress with pephem. They are all planning to wear heels.
Dialogue: Mike: hey let me help you with the project
Blake: no i got it
Mike: are you sure
Blake: yes
Mike: you had that assignment as well
Blake: oh i did that last night
Mike: oh, cool
Blake: i will text you if i need any help with it
Mike: okay..
Summary: Mike offers to help Blake with his project. Blake doesn't need any help but will text if he does. 
Dialogue: Kirk: this is crazy!!
Kirk: i have two front row tickets for the basketball game tonight and i can't give them away
Kirk: either they don't want them or they can't go
Edward: WHAT?!!?!?!?!
Edward: FRONT ROW TICKETS!!!!
Edward: I'LL TAKE THEM!!!!!
Kirk: really?
Kirk: i'm so glad they're not going to waste
Kirk: i didn't know you liked basketball!!
Kirk: otherwise you would've been first on my list
Edward: i love basketaball! it's my favorite sport
Edward: and i really wanted to go to this game!!!
Edward: i'm so stoked
Kirk: who are you taking with you?
Edward: my friend tony :-)
Edward: he's really into basketball too
Summary: Kirk has front row tickets to give away for the basketball game tonight. Edward is willing to go, and he will take his friend Tony, who is into basketball too.
