Dialogue: Zuri: Are you a cat person or dog? 
Fisher: cat
Zuri: I thought the opposite :/
Summary: Fisher is a cat person. Zoe though the opposite.
Dialogue: Brody: my gym pass is over;(
Carlos: already??
Brody: yeah time flies when you're having fun:D
Carlos: but it seems u went like 3months ago
Brody: well apparently it's been a year :D
Carlos: are you staying with the same place
Carlos: what's its name? Gladiator?
Brody: yeah, that's it. 
Brody: well i guess so. no other places in the area worth going to really
Brody: i mean i was thinkgn maybe cross fit but it sooooo expensive
Carlos: oh yeah it is 
Brody: so i guess i'll just stay with them
Summary: Brody's gym membership in Gladiator is over. He plans to renew it.
Dialogue: Tom: are you coming here? I am waiting for like 30 minutes already
Stacy: yes we are, i had to wait for Jill as usual
Jill: this is SO NOT TRUE
Tom: are you both walking together and still texting me separately?
Jill: yeah lol
Stacy: yeah, so what?
Summary: Tom's been waiting for Stacy and Jill.
Dialogue: Lea: Lovely weather we are having 😒
Eva: Heey
Eva: Sorry, I didn't text much, I was needed everywhere today 🙄
Lea: How was the day? Long I bet..
Eva: Thursdays are the worst..
Lea: That's ok, don't worry
Eva: I was working with Claudia on reports
Lea: Ouch..
Lea: 😩
Lea: At least Claudia is a very easy going kind of person
Lea: Oh, btw, do you mind helping me on that letter that I mentioned the other day?
Lea: I can't get my head around it 
Lea: It's driving me nuts!!
Lea: Maybe one day next week? If that works for you?
Lea: I'll try and correct as much as possible beforehand, tidy up paragraphs, etc..
Eva: Of course 😉
Eva: I'm really not the best person, but I can try, np 😉
Lea: Great! Thank you! 🤗
Eva: No worries, I'll try my best 💕
Summary: Eva had a busy Thursday working with Claudia on reports. Eva will help Lea on the letter she mentioned before someday next week.
Dialogue: Andrea: Have you heard about Mitch?
Rebecca: No, what happened?
Andrea: He broke up with Melanie!
Rebecca: Are you kidding me?
Andrea: No, it's for real! I couldn't believe it! They were supposed to get married next month!
Rebecca: What happened? I don't know, rumor has it Melanie cheated on him!
Summary: Mitch broke up with Melanie just before the wedding because she cheated on him. It's hard for both Andrea and Rebecca to believe it. 
Dialogue: Simona: hey dennis, how was your day canvassing?
Dennis: good. we had our share of doors slammed in our faces, but also managed to really connect with some people
Simona: good! how long were you out there?
Dennis: 5 hours. i'm exhausted. not easy talking to people all day
Simona: no, i can imagine
Dennis: what are you doing right now?
Simona: watching some John Oliver
Dennis: oh nice. is that last nights episode?
Simona: yes. its a good one.
Dennis: i thought so too. very on point
Simona: it was the season finale unfortunately. 
Dennis: bummer. we'll have to wait a while for the next season
Simona: yeah
Summary: Dennis has been talking to people for 5 hours and he was able to find a common ground with some of them, others rejected him. Simona's watching the last episode of John Oliver now.
Dialogue: Isaac: Hey babe :)
Khadija: hi my love <3
Isaac: I just got off of work
Khadija: ooh goodie :)
Isaac: I'll pick up some dinner and come right over
Khadija: Can't wait <3
Khadija: see you soon :-*
Summary: Isaac has just finished work. He will pick up some dinner and come to Khadija soon.
Dialogue: John: Hi there :) What's up?
Tim: Not much. Working :)
John: You busy after work?
Tim: No, why?
John: I'm seeing an apartment I was thinking about renting today
John: And it's near your place
John: Wanna join me? Good to have second opinion :)
Tim: Sure. What time? 
John: 6.30. So we should meet around 6.20 Let's meet by the liquor store, you know which one. I will be coming from work and it's on the way
Tim: Cool, see you there!
John: Cu! :) 
Summary: Today Tim is going with John to the apartment John is considering renting. They will meet at 6.20 by liquor store.
Dialogue: Risa: how's your head?
Jack: ok
Risa: what the doctor said
Jack: nothing special
Risa: Jack!
Jack: seriously nothing special
Jack: little concussion
Jack: I have to res for day or 2
Risa: sure it's not dangerous?
Jack: ofc
Jack: I'll go home tomorrow
Risa: ok, call me if u need anything
Jack: ok,ok
Summary: Risa is worried about Jack's health. He had concussion and has to get some rest. Risa wants him to call her if he needed anything.
Dialogue: Zoe: Sorry dude, But I tried my best :(
Johnathan: Dont worry we would win the next match
Zoe: But i let you down :(
Johnathan: Its oK. either you lose or win in a game
Zoe: Thanks for understanding me
Johnathan: :)
Zoe: I will try my best in the next game :)
Johnathan: We all would try to do our best 
Zoe: Should we do training together?
Johnathan: I have been doing training since morning with Ethan and others
Zoe: Why didnt you inform me?
Johnathan: I tried to call you but your cellphone was switched off
Zoe: I will be there in no time  
Summary: Zoe and Jonathan lost. Zoe promises to improve. Jonathan is already training, buy the can't reach Zoe's phone. Zoe will come to join him immediately.
Dialogue: Peter: <file_photo>
Peter: Einar Selvik in Poland 
Reginald: AT LAST
Reginald: my prayers have been heard
Samuel: how much for the tickets?
Peter: 40$
Samuel: sounds cool, i'm in
Reginald: me too
Summary: Peter announces that Einar Selvik is coming to Poland. Reginald and Samuel want to buy tickets for the concert.
Dialogue: Daniel: good morning, beautiful! :* :* :*
Daniel: are you feeling any better?
Layla: hi, bae <3 yeah, a lil bit. i still have a runny nose and a sore throat, but at least fever is gone
Daniel: my poor thing :( i'll drop in with some cookies to cheer you up ;)
Layla: awww, love ya so much!! you're the best bf ever!
Daniel: love you too :*
Summary: Layla has a runny nose and a sore throat. Daniel will bring her some cookies.
Dialogue: Ann: Hello friends, we wish you a very happy new year. See you soon. The Maugh's family
Bea: a bit late for the McKeen with the opening of the message. Even if i've already seen you this morning i wish you again a happy new year.
Ann: 😜
Ann: we'll meet at Café de Paris in 10 minutes?
Bea: Ok but i'll be a bit late, wait for me
Ann: ok. By the way i confirm that your son is invited tomorrow for LG 's birthday from 11am to late in the afternoon.
Bea: Sorry but i didn't know. Bastien didn't tell me about it. It's tomorrow?
Ann: yes, luckily i'll check with you
Ann: foot, lunch and foot again till they're all too tired
Bea: ok, we'll manage, but Bastien will be at 11.30am 
Ann: He could join them on the soccer field
Bea: I'll tell him
Ann: could you give me tom's mum number, i'll also have to check with her.
Bea: <file_others>
Ann: thanks a lot
Bea: Sorry Bastien is late, don't wait for him before lunch
Ann: no panic, they're still playing outside
Bea: Thank for the party, Bastien was very happy. He came so tired that he didn't even eat for dinner and went to bed straight
Ann: Here is a picture of the guys
Ann: <file_photo>
Bea: What a team!
Summary: Bea and Ann met at Cafe de Paris. Bea's son, Bastien, was invited for LG's birthday and he had a lot of fun. 
Dialogue: Margaret: Hey there! What r u doing for your 30th birthday?
Margaret: It’s coming up soon?!
Jenny: I’m going to break up with John 😉
Margaret: No, u can’t! U seem to be like an institution
Jenny: That’s my point 😉 I was just thinking of exciting ways to change my life
Margaret: I don’t think that you should change your life. It’s great as it is!
Jenny: 😉
Summary: Jenny wants to break up with John for her 30th birthday because she wants to change her life. 
Dialogue: Mia: Are you going to the party
Philip: no way, I can't drink anymore, I almost died yesterday
Ella: hahaha, I will go with you Mia
Summary: Philip isn't going to the party, but Ella will go with Mia.
Dialogue: Ivy: Why are you angry with me?
Ivy: Today at school you didn’t say hi
Ivy: You didn’t even talk to me
James: I think you know why I’m angry
Ivy: Is it because of Tracy?
Ivy: Come on it was a joke!
James: Don’t you ever dare to talk to her like that
Summary: James's angry at Ivy, because of the way she talked to Tracy.
Dialogue: Ann: We're going toning to the ice rink at Rockefeller Center
Elias: great idea!
Ann: wanna join?
Elias: How much does it cost?
Ann: hmm, 35$ per session and 15$ for renting gear
Elias: oh, that's a bit expensive, I think I'll skip it
Ann: ok, I understand, no worries
Elias: have fun!
Ann: Thanks!
Summary: Ann is going to skate at the Rink at Rockefeller Center tonight. It costs 35$ per session plus 15$ for renting the ice skates. It is too expensive for Elias. He decides not to go.
Dialogue: Sarah: I like being a single! What’s wrong with me? X
Ben: oh, there is definitely something wrong with you! X
Sarah: i didn’t ask you!
Kelly: you are a mean person Ben!
Holly: i like being on my own as i can properly rest at night!
Sarah: haha!
Kelly: there is nothing wrong with you! I admit i enjoy it as much as the rest of you
Andy: i like it too- can stay in touch with all my friends, flirt with whoever i want, go to the gym regularly
Kelly: yeah, i can do whatever i want to and whenever i want to
Andy: i’m too young to be in a serious relationship just wanna have fun! x 
Summary: They all jokingly agree that being single is fun, at least when you are young.
Dialogue: Carol: hey i need your help
Carol: my computer stopped working
Michelle: that sucks :-(
Michelle: your laptop or desktop?
Carol: laptop
Carol: wha's the name of your guy?
Carol: the one you told can fix any computer
Michelle: his name is bill
Michelle: would you like his number?
Carol: please
Michelle: it's 717-222-4877
Carol: thank you so much
Carol: i owe you one
Summary: Carol's laptop stopped working, he needs help. Michelle gives Carol a phone number of a computer specialist to fix the laptop.
Dialogue: Thomas: Hi! I just want to confirm your appointment with Mr Brown 23 Nov at 10.
Freddie: I am glad to hear from you. Yes, I will be there.
Thomas: Though I have to tell you he is leaving for the airport at 11 o’clock so you’ll only have an hour.
Freddie: That’s fine.
Thomas: I see you Thursday then.
Freddie: Yes, see you on Thursday. 
Summary: Thomas is confirming Freddie's appointment with Mr Brown 23 Nov at 10, though he is leaving for the airport at 11 o’clock, so Freddie will only have one hour.
Dialogue: Polly: Tonyyyyyyy
Tony: Yeah?
Polly: Have a sec?
Tony: Yeah what up?
Polly: I'm trying to buy a ticket but the website keeps rejecting my card! Do you have a credit card?
Tony: I do
Polly: Could you please please buy my ticket? I will transfer the money asap
Tony: No prob. 
Polly: THANK YOU!!!! I'm still trying one thing, one moment
Tony: Ok
Polly: So I called my bank and apparently I had some transaction limit but they managed to changed it!!!
Tony: So you don't need my card anymore?
Polly: No but thank you so much!!!
Tony: No worries. Btw do you have Revolut?
Polly: What's that?
Tony: It's a digital banking account, you can have as many currency accounts as you want, it's for free and you get a virtual cc
Polly: Ohhh so they don't charge you for exchange?
Tony: No. it's free, it follows interbank currency exchange rates
Polly: OMG I need that! How do I get it?
Tony: Hang on, I'll send you an invite. It's really simple to use but ask if you have any q
Polly: Thank you!!!! You totally saved me today
Tony: Not at all
Summary: Polly called the bank and they changed her transaction limit. Now Polly can use her card and doesn't need Tony's card. Polly will set up a Revolut account. Tony will send Polly an invite to Revolut. 
Dialogue: Victoria: Hi! :) How are you? Haven't heard from you in awhile!
Connor: i'm fine, thanks :> and you?
Connor: sorry, i've been quite busy lately, i've started postgraduate studies in programming
Victoria: I'm great, thank you! Sounds cool! ;)
Victoria: What programming languages are you learning?
Connor: java and python
Victoria: Great choice, although i personally prefer C++ :) It just seems more logical to me.
Connor: i didn't know that you're into this kind of things :o ;)
Victoria: Well, if you called me more often, you'd know :P
Summary: Connor is learning to code in Java and Python. Victoria programs in C++.
Dialogue: Felix: can you let me in?
Felix: it's freezing
Hanna: no
Hanna: i told you you shouldnt smoke
Felix: you know it's not so easy
Felix: but i will try to stop smoking
Hanna: promise?
Felix: promise.
Summary: Hanna will let Felix in after he promises to quit smoking.
Dialogue: Wanda: hey
Zoe: heya
Wanda: i'm so bored
Wanda: <file_gif>
Wanda: please entertain me while I wait in this never-ending line
Zoe: hahaha
Zoe: what are you waiting for?
Wanda: lost my metro pass, have to make a new one
Wanda: and literally everyone else on earth is here doing the same thing
Wanda: :'-(
Zoe: awwwww poor thing
Zoe: can't you listen to music?
Wanda: i forgot my headphones at home
Wanda: <file_gif>
Zoe: face palm is correct
Zoe: we could play I Spy... it would be more challenging because we are in different locations :P
Wanda: LOL sure
Zoe: what are you doing after you accomplish this slow-moving quest?
Wanda: no plans
Zoe: wanna meet for coffee?
Wanda: sure :) 
Zoe: I spy... with my little eye... the end of the line!
Wanda: lol not exactly 
Wanda: i'll let you know when i finish here :D
Summary: Wanda has lost her metro pass. Now she's waiting in line to make a new one. After she's done, she and Zoe will meet for a coffee.
Dialogue: Anton: Hello, i can offer you a room  with private bathroom . Don't hesitate to contact me
Clem: Hi sir, i'm interested. What is the price for  the room?
Anton: hello Clem, i offer you the  room for 400 zlotys a  month. You have shared access to the kitchen and the  laundry
Clem: Is internet included in the price?
Anton: yes of course, you have free internet.
Clem: Could you tell me if there are some buses or tram around?
Anton: The room is very well located at 2 minutes from buses and trams
Clem: How is the area?
Anton: the area is very quiet and  safe. You're not far from  the very center, where you can find all facilities for students
Clem: That's sound good. Can i come and visit it?
Anton: the room would  be available only next week at the beginning of march. 
Clem: I was in Warsaw  only these week in order to find accomodation for march.
Anton: I send you some pictures
Anton: <file_photo>, <file_photo>
Clem: thanks a lot. It's very nice. I'd be very pleased to live there.
Anton: Previous students were very happy here. They enjoyed their stay in Poland
Clem: Do you think  I could talk to them about it?
Anton: I may ask the actual student to get in touch  with  you but no, i cannot give their mails. Hope you understand
Clem: thanks. Let me think about it
Anton: No problem
Clem: Hello  sir, i  come back to you about the room, i'd like to rent it.
Anton: Hello  Clem, i'm sorry, but some one already ask me for the room . I wish you good luck for your search and a good stay in Poland
Clem: thank you
Summary: Anton has a room in Warsaw to offer. The rent is 400 PLN a month. Clem isn't sure whether he will take it. When he writes to Anton the second time, the room is no longer available.  
Dialogue: Mary: Happy birthday... to me! my dear friends! xxx
Kevin: Happy birthday!
Ian: So sorry! all the best love!
Rob: Did you have a fab day?
Mary: i did! 
Francis: Lots of hugs and kisses!
Summary: It was Mary's birthday today and she enjoyed it. 
Dialogue: Acker: who's going to the tournament 2moro?
Boswell: what tournament Acker?
Acker: chess tournament in the students club
Boswell: oh wow I never knew how to play that. Not clever enough I guess
Dayton: cool anybody can sign up?
Acker: sure thing. the level doesn't matter. It's all about fun
Jetta: frankly I dunno what fun there may be
Acker: if you dont try you'll never find out you know
Jetta: I guess but youd have to give me lessons first
Acker: anytime
Jetta: and make me start thinking at one stage as well
Dayton: which may not be that easy
Jetta: Dayton shut it. Like you play
Dayton: my granpa used to teach me how to play years ago
Acker: could be cool to start again
Dayton: yeah sure but havent played since then 
Acker: it's like riding a bike or sex
Jetta: what do oyu mean?
Acker: you dont forget certain things
Dayton: sounds good I might give it a try then
Acker: starts at 4 in the club. We can meet earlier to practice
Dayton: oh yeah that would be handy. Talk to you later
Acker: sure thing. Later
Summary: Acker will give Jetta chess lessons. Dayton's grandpa used to teach him. Acker, Jetta and Dayton will meet to practice before the tournament starts at 4.
Dialogue: Ben: Morning. Are you the creator of the video "Funny cats compliation #23 you'll die laughing"?
Samantha: Yes. Do you like it?
Ben: You're gonna need a lawyer, mate.
Samantha: What's the problem?
Ben: One of them cats in the video is my cat, Tibbles and I didn't give no permission to use that clip and I'm gonna sue you.
Samantha: Your cat is gonna sue me?
Ben: No, stupid. I am. Cats don't sue people. Their owners do.
Samantha: I'm sure we can come to some arrangement. Which cat is it?
Ben: The black and white one falling into the bath at 2:25.
Samantha: I'm afraid you must be mistaken. I know that cat. It belongs to my neighbour who gave me the footage.
Ben: Aha. It's OK, then. Sorry to bother you.  
Summary: Samantha made a video "Funny cats compilation #23 you'll die laughing", which supposedly features Ben's cat Tibbles. As Samantha hadn't asked  Ben for permission to use the image, Ben is going to sue her. Samantha finds out it isn't Ben's cat, but her neighbour's, who gave her the footage. 
Dialogue: Cynthia: Does anyone have a moment? I need a hug :(
Julie: I'm here! And I'm sending you a huge virtual hug! <file_gif> Better?
Cynthia: Not much, but thanks for the effort :)
Vivi: What's wrong, hun?
Cynthia: I've just had a job interview.
Vivi: It's like the 4th one this week, shouldn't you be less terrified by them by now?
Cynthia: I know, but this one was a train wreck from beginning to end. I feel like a total loser ;(
Julie: You're not a loser, darling! It's just that life sucks sometimes.
Vivi: Exactly! And even if you weren't at your best today, you probably won't meet those people ever again.
Julie: It will be better next time, I promise!
Cynthia: I sure hope so. Cause it can't get any worse than that.
Julie: See? The only way is up! :D
Cynthia: LOL, actually this sounds quite uplifting. Thanks, guys!
Vivi: Always at your service!
Summary: Cynthia is not satisfied with her job interview today.
Dialogue: Jon: Hi! I saw you were looking for a Swedish-speaking person. Here I am! What's up?
Rory: Hey Jon!
Rory: Thanks for your message
Rory: Have you got any experience in translation of a web page then placement on translated text in to code?
Jon: Nope, I have never dealt with translations of this sort so far.
Rory: Well, I guess I can shoot you an email with what i need and you can see if you can manage it 
Rory: If that's ok.
Jon: That sounds like a good idea
Jon: There you go: jon.jonsson (at) gmail.com
Rory: And if it's not interesting, I appreciate this as well.
Rory: Perfect thanks will send it to you by the end of the day or first thing tomorrow.
Jon: Thanks so much! I'll let you know as soon as I chew it over. 
Summary: Rory is looking for a Swedish-speaking translator for a website. He will email Jon the details tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Mary: I cannot find the car, crap
Jospeh: You forgot where you parked it?
Mary: yes...
Jenny: you parked it in front of the main entrance to Tesco
Mary: you're a treasure Jenny!
Summary: Mary can't find the car. Jenny reminds her that she parked it in front of Tesco's main entrance.
Dialogue: Jenny Morris Sharpei: Morning chic yeah I was thinking the same lol xx I’ll pop over for 12 ? Xxx
Caron: Ok.. bring some drops for Molly  xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok and wormer xx
Caron: Oh yeah xxx
Caron: <file_photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Lol aww xxx
Caron: <file-photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww xx
Caron: Hiya hun.. how are you? How's the paper work going? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Hiya Hun hopefully council is coming out this week xx
Caron: Good.. we need to get together and finish off everything have you managed to look.over the stuff I gave you for any alterations before the council?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah it’s all good but was wondering about the deposit and payment on the same sheet is that ok do u think ? How’s molls ? Xx
Caron: We can do it however you like.. Molly is great.. she's lost loads of weight now she's running around.. her coat is so soft with the coconut oil.. she's really happy bless her eyes are good we wash them out every morning.. she comes upstairs all the time now and sleeps on my bedroom floor.. Luna won't let her on the bed lol.. me and Andy going to take them to westonbirt on Sunday for a big walk around the trees should be nice this time of year xx how's you and your chap? I've seen a few Facebook posts Is it still on? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww glad she’s happy love her . Yeah we’re still ok but I don’t know really lol xxx
Summary: Jenny Morris Sharpei will pop over for 12. She will bring some drops for Molly and wormer. Council should come out this week. Jenny Morris Sharpei and Caron has to finish off preparations. Andy and Caron will take Luna and Molly for a big walk on Sunday. Jenny is fine with her new chap.
Dialogue: Louie: Have you talked to Claire?
Louie: The accountant.
Arlo: What?
Louie: Have you talked to Claire? 
Louie: From our HR?
Louie: She was supposed to call you.
Arlo: No, nothing like this has happened. 
Louie: OK, noted! 
Summary: Claire, the accountant, was supposed to call Arlo but she did not. Louie has made a note of it.
Dialogue: Hazel: Hello Brad. That's insane, we havent seen each other at all haha perhaps today well be able to catch up 8-)
Brad: Yo Hazel. Sad indeed :) yesterday i went to the cinema and around the block, and today I'm visiting my parents.
Hazel: Life
Brad: I'm coming back on Sunday. We'll catch up next week ;) how was your yesterday?
Hazel: yesterday was OK. It turned out the show is only for the association memebers wtf? today im going to that studio to take some photos. I also got this job in theatre. your parents are cool. 
Brad: Wow you got that! Applause!!! so our tete-a-tete not earlier than on Sunday :)
Hazel: Yep, cool. Do you have by any chance a clothes horse?
Brad: Yeah, behind the closet.
Hazel: Got it, thanks 🙏 I have a shy question.... :P Could - I - take - some - honey? :)))) haha
Brad: Oh Haze, of course you can :) what kind of q is that? take anything you find, olive oil etc.
Hazel: Awesome, thanks :P
Brad: Are you OK? :D
Hazel: I'm great, working
Brad: <file_photo>
Hazel: Flowers after the premiere plz :D :D :D
Brad: hahaha
Hazel: btw how does it work with cleaning the house? I can do it, do you have a vaccum cleaner?
Brad: no need
Hazel: but the floor is calling us
Brad: I will do it, or is it your relaxation thing? :) then I won't stop you
Hazel: Could be
Brad: mop is outside
Hazel: good, what about a vaccum, brush etc?
Brad: But i vaccumed 2 days ago haha
Summary: Brad is visiting his parents today and cannot meet with Hazel. She has got a job in the theatre and is going to the studio today to take some photos. Brad lets her use whatever she needs in his place. She is also going to do some cleaning.
Dialogue: Lucas: I work for Deliveroo. I started yesterday. 
Don: Bring me some pizza 😁
Adam: How is it?
Lucas: Not too bad. 
Summary: Lucas started a job at Deliveroo yesterday.
Dialogue: Nailah: hi Jed
Nailah: wanna play badminton with us today?
Jed: hey there
Jed: sure, 6 PM as always?
Nailah: yup
Jed: cu there :)
Summary: Jed and Nailah are going to meet at 6 pm today to play badminton.
