Dialogue: Alex: could you text me that pic that we took with your phone yesterday?
Alex: the one where i'm @ the center of the group
Alex: I want to make it my new facebook profile pic
Kim: don't get angry...
Kim: but i deleted it by mistake :-(
Alex: lol don't worry about it 
Alex: i'm sure someone else has it too
Summary: Alex wants to set the picture they took as her profile picture on Facebook, but Kim already deleted it by mistake.
Dialogue: Patricia: <file_video>
Patricia: P'TRICIAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Preston: aaahahhhah 
Reynold: ahhaha I see it's vines evening
Patricia: of course xd
Preston: <file_photo>
Reynold: is that a dog? xd
Preston: yeah XDDDD
Patricia: god :o creepy
Summary: Patricia, Preston and Reynold are sharing vines.
Dialogue: Kate: Good morning Professor
Mary: Good morning Kate
Kate: I would like to postpone our tomorrow’s lesson to Monday. Would it be convenient for you?
Mary: Wait a minute, please. I need to check in my calendar
Kate: Of course
Mary: Well, I would have time for you between 5 and 7 p.m.
Kate: Thank you, professor, that would be perfect
Mary: Very well. Goodbye, then
Kate: Goodbye
Summary: Kate asks Mary to postpone their tomorrow's lesson to Monday. Mary agrees to between 5 and 7 p.m.
Dialogue: Markus: Heya!! I'm going to be in Porto tomorrow. Will you be around?
Nicole: Aw man! I'm in Toronto at the moment. I will be back on Saturday.
Nicole: Let's figure sth out for soon tho!
Markus: Oh pitty 😞 Yes, we must!! 🤞
Markus: Enjoy your trip! 😊
Summary: Markus is going to Porto tomorrow. Nicole is in Toronto.
Dialogue: Lloyd: are you home?
Judy: no, why?
Lloyd: I can't reach mum
Lloyd: I've been trying to call her but she won't answer
Lloyd: every time it rang and then went to voicemail...
Lloyd: you know I'm not the kind of person to freak out but... 
Lloyd: I can't help being worried with how she had to be taken to hospital 2 months ago
Judy: calm down
Judy: mum's not home either, she forgot her phone
Judy: I noticed that earlier today before I went out
Lloyd: oh...
Lloyd: well that doesn't make me 100% calm bc what if she needs help and doesn't have her phone on her
Judy: she'll be fine, she's not a child, that was a one-time thing
Judy: I'm sure she'll be home soon and call you back. is it that important?
Lloyd: nah, it's nothing really, I just want to know she's okay now
Summary: Lloyd's worried about his mum because she doesn't answer his calls. He's worried because 2 months ago mum was taken to hospital. Judy says mum has left her phone at home and tries to calm Lloyd down.
Dialogue: Thorne: what time ru commin?
Sylvester: i leave the office @5 so 6/6.30
Selvyn: i gueess 7 is doable
Thorne: oh right. i'm out till 6 so we're fine to meet then
Summary: Sylvester and Selvyn will meet Thorne around 7.
Dialogue: Kate: I talked to my boss today
Tom: and?
Kate: I changed my working hours to 11-19!
Kate: Finally I can sleep :D
Tom: Great!
Tom: Can u talk to my boss as well? :D
Kate: haha, I can try, you know I'm sometimes very convincing...
Tom: no doubt :D
Tom: let's celebrate it then!
Kate: any idea?
Tom: tonite, Viva Italia, 9pm
Kate: hmm.. yummy..
Kate: I'm in!
Tom: cu :*
Kate: :*
Summary: Kate talked to her boss today and changed her working hours to 11-19. She will celebrate it with Tom tonight at Viva Italia at 9 p.m.
Dialogue: Ali: I'm very upset by the situation here
Patty: i've just seen on TV, it's worrying indeed
Jim: Do you think the election was rigged?
Ali: I think so, the ruling coalition got 96% 
Ali: it's a bit exaggerated I think
Jim: sure, it's not convincing at all
Ali: and 17 people were killed during the election, it's very sad
Jim: I'm really sorry to read it :(
Ali: Sheikh Hasina has been at power for 10 years
Jim: it's quite long...
Summary: Ali, Patty and Jim are talking about the election which might have been rigged.
Dialogue: Joseph: Okay, round two. Retail Jedi!
Gabriel: Marketing.
Alonzo: Shop assistant!
Joseph: You're right! It's a shop assistant! 
Gabriel: Darn. 1:1.
Joseph: Don't worry, Daniel, you'll get your chance! Round three: Wet Leisure Attendant!
Alonzo: This has to be a pimp! I'm sure of it!
Gabriel: A masseuse!
Joseph: Sorry, guys. No points this time! It's a lifeguard.
Alonzo: You've got to be kidding me!
Gabriel: Lol
Joseph: Okay, round four: Colour Distribution Technician!
Alonzo: Easy! Painter.
Gabriel: Not so fast! Decorator!
Joseph: I see ur getting the hang of it! Both answers correct! Point each.
Summary: Joseph, Gabriel and Alonzo are playing a game.
Dialogue: Rivka: Why green?
Rivka: :)
Brecken: Why not green though
Rivka: But why green lol
Brecken: Hope color
Rivka: Hope for what? Lol
Rivka: Just kidding
Brecken: Green eyes are beautiful too
Summary: Rivka and Brecken are talking about the green colour. 
Dialogue: Cole: hi, is our meeting still on?
Hannah: yeah, it is
Cole: glad to hear that :D
Hannah: <file_gif>
Cole: see you in the evening <3
Summary: Cole and Hannah are going to meet in the evening.
Dialogue: Linda: Charlie! I can't find the small knife. The one with a yellow handle.
Charles: ups. I needed it in the garage.
Linda: Just great!
Charles: I'll bring it home when I'm back form work.
Linda: Sure, and you will peel potatoes and cook us a dinner as well! :P
Summary: Charles took a knife that Linda needs to the garage. Charles will bring it with him when he gets home from work.
Dialogue: Julie: What's your star sign?
Egbert: I haven't got one.
Julie: What do you mean, everyone has one. It depends when you are born.
Egbert: I had one earlier but then I handed it back. I resigned from it.
Julie: You can't. You cannot "identify" as a different star sign. It's not like gender.
Egbert: I just don't have any labels. I don't have a star sign.
Julie: When were you born?
Egbert: May.
Julie: Probably Taurus then, hence why you are so stubborn about it.
Egbert: May 26th
Julie: Gemini. Yeah, you are a typical Gemini.
Egbert: Whatever I said, you'd find some reason to say I was a typical one of that sign.
Julie: OK, you don't need to believe in it, but it doesn't do anyone any harm.
Egbert: I think sticking any kind of labels on people and having any prejudices about how they might behave because of the label is actually harmful.
Julie: That's a sort of typical Gemini thing to say.
Summary: Egbert was born on May 26th, which makes him a Gemini. He doesn't believe in zodiac signs.
Dialogue: Jeremy: Ok, you really crossed the red line this time Theresa
Theresa:???
Wally: oh no, why are you bringing it to the group?
Jeremy: because I want witnesses
Wally: I understand you're both frustrated but please, let's not infect the group with this kind of stuff, people will just leave
Jenny: I agree!
William: yes, guys, solve it between you
Summary: Jeremy is angry with Theresa. Wally, Jenny and William don't want Jeremy and Theresa to argue on the group.
Dialogue: Adam: <file_photo>
Adam: <file_photo>
Jane: Oh hey! These are great, thanks!!
Hannah: This is so kind of you Adam 😍
Hannah: Do you mind if I post one of them on Instagram?
Adam: Please do, I’ve sent them for this 😎
Hannah: Thanksss 🤩
Jane: Tag me
Hannah: Will do
Hannah: Before I forget, here are the ones I took:
Hannah: <file_photo>
Hannah: <file_photo>
Hannah: Hope you like them 🤗
Adam: Haha sure, Jane’s face is somewhat grayish though. Jane, do you mind me cutting you out if I happen to post this? 😂
Jane: Not at all. You can also use a filter if you happen to have one at hand
Adam: 😜
Summary: Adam and Hannah exchange photos they took. Hannah wants to post them on Instagram. As Jane doesn't look good, Adam offers to edit them.
Dialogue: Mel: how about a movie night
Tessa: when?
Mel: this saturday
Tessa: I'm free
Tessa: what movie night?
Mel: mayby some action...
Mel: die hard?
Tessa: no, I just watched it with dad :/
Mel: ok, so maybe sth funny...
Mel: Whoopi Goldberg?
Tessa: sounds good, but Norman wont like it much
Mel: right
Mel: ok, so maybe Avengers?
Tessa: yes! everyone like it!
Mel: good
Mel: I will organize the food
Tessa: I'll inform the rest
Tessa: and tell them to bring drinks ;)
Mel: fantastic!
Summary: Mel and Tessa are meeting on Saturday for a movie night, they'll watch Avengers, Mel will bring food.
Dialogue: George: Hey, tomek!
George: How is it going? 
Tomek: Hi George! Long time no see! It's going great, I'm back home, going to the gym, eating a lot and enjoying life of a jobless bum ^^. How are you?
George: I'm glad to hear that. You deserve a little break from everything that's on the other side (of the world)
George: You're coming to Ania's we'd, right?
George: wedding*
Tomek: Sure thing! Are you :d?
George: It would be weird if I won't
George: Yep, of course :D
Tomek: Haha! Awesome!
Tomek: I was hoping we could meet there:D
George: Aaam, I want ask you about the tradition of the whole thing
George: I don't want to be caught of guard
Tomek: Sure thing, as whatever you want
George: For example, what do you guys give to married couple?
George: Random gifts, money...
George: A slap on their butt??
George: :D:D:D
Tomek: So it goes like that: we go to the church for ceremony. After that young couple is receiving gifts from guests, it's in front of the church. Nowadays usually money, typically about ~300 PLN per couple, but if you're short on cash you don't have to give anything, no pressure here. Then you wish them quick divorce and you step back so other guests can make it rain as well ;)
George: So money is right choice
George: Hahhah
Tomek: But you're coming all the way here, I'm sure your presence will be the best gift for them
George: Yeah, nah
George: It wouldn't be a nice thing to do
George: Besides I don't think it's so far
George: It takes an hour and 45 minutes to get there
Tomek: Are you coming with someone? 
George: I'm coming solo
George: Not because I'm cheap
Summary: George is coming to Ania's wedding from abroad. He doesn't know what to give to the newlyweds and he is quite unaware of Polish wedding traditions. Tomek explains him the usual turn of events: the holy mass, the gifts and the wishes.
Dialogue: Amber: new song from BTS is up!
Maya: already?
Maya: where? yt?
Maya: what's the title?
Amber: <file_other>
Amber: no doubt about it
Amber: yet another hit
Maya: listening
Amber: and?
Maya: it's BTS what did you expect?
Maya: love it!
Amber: keep streaming during the day
Amber: need to get the views up!
Maya: will do!
Summary: There's a new song from BTS. Maya and Amber both love it. 
Dialogue: Luke: What is the best time to visit Mine?
Molly: I think early autumn to see all the colours
Luke: colours?
Molly: yes, there are very few conifers in New England
Molly: so in autumn you have this amazing brilliance of colours, from red to yellow and everything between
Luke: sounds nice!
Molly: <file_photo>
Luke: wow, very beautiful
Molly: yes, go there in late September
Summary: The best time to visit Mine is early autumn, when the trees are full of colours.
Dialogue: Leopold: This coffee's terrible. Where did you buy it?
Annie: Whole Foods. You really think it's bad? I kinda like it.
Leopold: You like everything. I'll have to pick up something else this evening.
Annie: They have a lot of good brands. One of best gets their beans from Peru. Fair trade too
Leopold: Thanks. I'll see what I can find.
Annie: I hope so. You're very choosy. 
Leopold: I know, you're right.
Summary: Leopold hates the coffee that Annie bought at Whole Foods. She likes it. Leopold will have to buy something else.
Dialogue: Steve: Bit of a problem! :‑J
Don: What?
Steve: They're trying to interview people and nobody is around!
Don: It's too early, but yeah, nobody goes there anyway!
Steve: Exactly!
Don: Pretty stupid, really!
Steve: Did they really think that was a good idea???
Don: I guess!
Steve: That producer is so fired!
Summary: Neither Steve nor Don think it's a good idea that they are trying to interview people.
Dialogue: Lilly: HII does David wear a medium still? like for a hoodie lol. starting to look for Christmas 
Susanna: hey sorry! I forgot to write you back! Edd id say small oh man Christmas its to soon! haha
Lilly: its ok! ugh I know its coming up so fast lol
Susanna: I haven't even thought about it but it will be here tomorrow haha
Lilly: right!
Susanna: tho when I come back for Christmas I wanna get a tattoo
Lilly: OMG YES what ya want?
Susanna: I want a elephant but very simple 
Lilly: ohh right you told me this, I love it where?
Susanna: on my back but more on my shoulder 
Lilly: OMG yes I love, thats where my wave is but a little higher 
Susanna: yeah I think its cute too! I think its a nice spot 
Lilly: depends on how big too
Susanna: right and I want it on the smaller side, so not so big 
Summary: Susanna will get an elephant tattoo on her shoulder when she comes back. 
Dialogue: Peter: Can you forward to me all emails about the sale.
Alex: There must be a few dozens of them.
Peter: No problem, send them all.
Summary: Alex will send Peter all emails about the sale.
Dialogue: Monica: Jessica has a boyfriend?!?! WHAT?
Jasmine: yes, she does, finally - I talked to her about it last week
Monica: no way... who is he?!
Jasmine: yeah, she is sooo in love , well I don't know much really, he is a fireman and that's it
Monica: can't believe it
Jasmine: hahaha yeah, me neither, i don't really talk to her that much anymore to be honest
Summary: Jessica has a boyfriend finally. He is a fireman. Monica can't believe it, neither Jasmine.
Dialogue: Olaf: Where is Jesse now? 
Olaf: Just saw his fb
Isiah: At his house
Olaf: No, I mean, what's he doing nowadays? 
Isiah: He's in Regina, getting married next year 
Olaf: Oh wow really 
Summary: Jesse is getting married next year.
Dialogue: Leo: When are you coming back?
Lin: In about an hour. Why?
Leo: You took my home keys. Hurry!
Summary: Lin is coming back in about an hour. Lin took Leo's home keys.
Dialogue: Anna: Hey there!
Anna: I really need your help
Oscar: What's up?
Anna: Are you home?
Oscar: Sure
Anna: Can you print me a ticket, I know you have a printer at your place :)
Oscar: We can certainly try :)
Anna: Yay, great
Anna: Okay
Anna: And how's it going? :P
Oscar: We'll trying and we're not giving up
Oscar: But it should be okay
Anna: Ok just let me know
Oscar: <file_photo>
Anna: Awesome, thank you so much!
Oscar: NP
Oscar: and you're welcome :)
Anna: I owe you one!
Anna: Thanks again! Bye!
Oscar: See you soon :)
Summary: Oscar printed a ticket for Anna.
Dialogue: Ross: Hey guys, do you want to order the college team kits?
Martin: Yeah sure. Actually I've been meaning to ask you about it.
Ross: What about you Paul?
Paul: Only if I like the design.
Ross: It's all black with the a bit of red lining on it.
Paul: Are you kiddin'? Just like AC Milan's 2014 kit?
Ross: That was the idea.
Paul: Cool.
Martin: I still want to see it. Do you have a photo?
Ross: Yes I have it in my phone.
Paul: I don't need to see it anymore. Just fill my form Martin.
Martin: Okay yeah that does look cool.
Ross: Yeah I know.
Martin: Oh hey what about the sizes?
Ross: I have the complete size chart.
Martin: Send me the chart and the link to the form.
Ross: Sure.
Paul: Don't forget to fill mine Martin.
Martin: I'm your room mate not your mom. -_-
Paul: What are room mates for?
Martin: Whatever dude, don't worry I'll fill in for you too.
Paul: Cool, thanks.
Summary: Ross shows Paul and Martin the new design for the college team kits. Paul and Martin would like to order them. Ross will send them the size chart and link to the form, Martin will order for Paul as well.  
Dialogue: Howard: Have you heard that the company is organising a fund-raiser campaign to support LGBT rights.
Anna: Wow, really?! Sounds really progressive. Thought the board is pretty rightist?
Howard: My thoughts exactly, do you know anything about this? Maybe it's just a rumour.
Peter: I've heard about it from John, not sure what to think though.
Anna: As what to think if it's true or about the fund-raiser?
Peter: You know I'm a republican at heart, can't see a point in organising a campaign for someone's rights. What does it have to do with IT?
Howard: Even IT people can do something good for others once in a while ;)
Anna: If you don't like it, you simply don't have chip in.
Peter: I don't think it's that simple. Would it be for you if the board decided to organise a campaign to support the anti-abortion movement?
Howard: Uhm, no, but I think it's not exactly the same...
Anna: Especially as supporting LGBT rights doesn't hurt anyone.
Peter: Just as I thought, tolerance as long it is all right for you.
Anna: And what's that supposed to mean, Peter?
Peter: Just that I think work is not the best place for politics... They could've organise a fund-raiser for a homeless shelter instead.
Howard: Oh, yeah, sorry that LGBT people may not be the best PR choice.
Peter: Are you kidding me? Now, with all this leftist vibe all over the world and tv?
Anna: Ok, Peter on his quest against the communists, again ;)
Summary: The company sets up a fund-raiser for LGBT rights. Howard and Anna are pleasantly surprised by it. Peter considers it wrong and goes on a rant about the leftists. He prefers to separate the work and the politics. 
Dialogue: Mona: Honey… do you know where I left my key?
Mike: Look at you bag, there is a lot of everything 
Mona: It’s not funny, I can’t find it…
Mike: Maybe bookcase?
Mona: no 
Mike: dinner room?
Mona: no
Mike: shelf in the bathroom
Mona: I checked, nothing….
Mike: Maybe you left key in car.
Mona: You’re brillant! I left them in Rother bag that is in car!
Mike: So… my frist idea was the best 
Mona: Love u :*
Summary: Mona can't find her key. Mona left it in Rother bag that is in car. Mike was right. 
Dialogue: John: What time is your train?
Jane: 5 pm
John: I'll wait for you at the station.
Jane: Thanks, don't worry I can take a cab!
John: No trouble, I will get you!
Summary: Jane is arriving at the train station at 5 pm. Jane wants to take a cab but John offers a lift.  
Dialogue: Bruce: I need to change job soon!
Bruce: <file_gif>
Julia: Mr. Hawkins again? XD
Bruce: yeah, he's just impossible to stand on a daily basis!
Julia: you go man! Just leave him! :)
Summary: Bruce needs to change a job soon because of Mr. Hawkins.
Dialogue: Layla: thanks for dropping me off!!
Layla: i just took a shower and I'm going to bed
Luke: r u feeling better?
Layla: 100%
Luke: ull probably wake up with a headache tomorrow
Layla: i know
Layla: i shouldn’t have drank so much
Layla: but we were having such a great time!!!
Luke: that's fine, you've learned your lesson
Layla: i learned my lessonm, I won’t overdo it next time
Luke: go to sleep and rest
Luke: good night
Summary: Layla is feeling better now and realises she shouldn't have drunk so much.   
Dialogue: George: Hey, let me know when you can make it this week, and if there is some specific topic you'd like to talk about.
Alex: George ! Hey! Yes, so Tuesday at 10 AM works for me this week!
George: Ok great, see you soon then. 
Summary: George and Alex are going to meet on Tuesday at 10 A.M. this week.
Dialogue: Paul: coffee break?
Jane: and a cigarette?
Paul: Yesss! in 5?
Jane: see ya :)
Summary: Paul and Jane will have a coffee break and a cigarette in 5 minutes. 
Dialogue: Griezman: say hi to your mum
Kylian: okay i will
Kylian: but next time stick around for lunch.
Griezman: okay, i will
Summary: Kylian wants Griezman to stick around for lunch next time.
Dialogue: Natalie: Someone stop me, please! :D
Catherine: What did you do?
Edith: I'll bet she bought Broadway tickets again.
Natalie: Yup. But what else was I supposed to do? I can't see free seats in the front row and not buy them, I just can't!
Edith: Maybe try simply not looking? :D
Natalie: Well, theoretically I could, but then I wouldn't have the tickets :D
Catherine: What show?
Natalie: Hamilton.
Catherine: Aww, lucky you! I'd go without hesitation if I could afford it ;(
Natalie: I'm not sure it I can afford it either. But it's Hamilton! Front row! You'll feed me for the rest of the month if I come back broke, won't you? :D
Edith: I suppose that's what friends are for.
Summary: Natalie bought Broadway tickets in the front row. Catherine'd go if she could afford it. 
Dialogue: Mash: Hi Gorgeous! And? What is your news? Are you getting much work these days?
Gina: Hi there! Can't complain. Just enough commissions to keep me busy without overworking. Enough money too. And you?
Mash: I still work about 12-15 hours a week, which with my rental means that I am not dipping into my savings too much.
Gina: Sounds good. Is this journal Rose was an editor of still around?
Mash: Amazingly ATLA has continued for another year in 2018. I have always believed that they would not stop publishing it, or change how they produce it, in the middle of a year’s editions, so I am now at that stage of waiting for the first paper of the 2019 edition to arrive on my desk. Each year I think it will stop, and each year, somehow, it staggers on! Fingers crossed.
Gina: Fingers crossed. Happy for you. And Rose's ALTA. How is she?
Mash: Don't see much of them. The last do we had together was in November! Michael's birthday party at Carriage and Stallion in Buxton. But I hear they're doing well. Rose's granddaughter will be graduating from college this summer. You met her, remember?
Gina: Tina?
Mash: Tilla. A short for some name but can't remember.
Gina: Always wanted to ask you: how old is Rose?
Mash: Not sure. My age? Must be older as she's bound to be getting her pension by now.
Gina: Has she retired yet?!
Mash: So I hear. ALTA secretary told me the other day.
Gina: And you, old man?
Mash: I get my state pension in 2021. But not having paid much into my pension plan I can't expect it entirely to support me.
Gina: And the estate? The rents?
Mash: That will do, though I'd have to cut on booze
Mash: D‑':
Mash: The smallholding is looking fairly neat these days (mainly due to Hellie). So I don’t work too hard there, but over the course of a year, I probably spend 4-5 hours a week working on it. Through butcher problems, we kept our pigs for a month longer than we expected this year, and in that time they grew by about 15-20 kilos each!. So my freezers are full to overflowing.
Gina: Pork is not good for you, they say. Especially for older folks.
Mash: We have decided to give the pigs a rest next year, since we should have plenty of meat. I really don't care if it's healthy or not as long as it tastes good.
Gina: Good old Mash!
Mash: It's me!
Gina: How grand to hear your news! 
Mash: You must come and visit me again.
Gina: We'll think about it!
Mash: :)
Summary: Gina has enough commissions to keep herself busy and they bring her enough money. Mash works about 12-15 hours per week, which also works for him. The ALTA journal is still going strong. The last time Mash saw Rose was in November at Michael's birthday party. Rose is about his age and retired now.
