Dialogue: Leighton: Hey!
Leighton: How's the bun in the oven? ❤️
Leighton: <file_gif>
Georgia: Bun is growing cutely
Georgia: I'm just very tired most days
Georgia: Today I woke up and I just wanted to go back to sleep
Leighton: Well, as you said the other day, it's part of the magic 😊 hehe
Leighton: 😍😍
Leighton: 🍓
Leighton: 🍒
Georgia: It's the size of a raspberry today 😜
Leighton: 😂❤️
Georgia: Wat u up to?
Leighton: <file_gif>
Georgia: Hehehehehehehe
Leighton: I'm chatting to people from work and browsing vegan accounts on Instagram 🌿
Leighton: Went down to the park yesterday
Georgia: Did you go to one of the Tai chi classes?
Leighton: <file_photo>
Georgia: Nice! 
Leighton: It makes a huge difference when the sun is out
Georgia: True happiness  
Leighton: Indeed
Summary: Georgia is tired most of the time because of her pregnancy. Leighton is chatting with people from work and looking at vegan accounts on Instagram.
Dialogue: Mike: I can't believe that we are all turning 30 this year.
Jack: Yeah. Time flies!
Robert: I was thinking about it recently
Robert: I'm quite happy with my life
Jack: Good for you.
Robert: Aren't you?
Jack: I could improve some things 
Jack: Maybe if I lost 20 kg girls would be interested in my fascinating personality 😂
Mike: 😂😂😂
Mike: Come on you don't have it that bad.
Mike: You're a programmer.
Mike: With what you earn you could easily afford a private trainer and a dietician
Mike: Whatever it takes to get back it shape
Mike: I haven't even finished high school...
Mike: I'll be probably doing shitty low-paid jobs for the rest of my life...
Mike: When I was younger I always had lots of girls
Jack: Because you're handsome and very fit 
Mike: The older I get the more difficult it becomes 
Mike: Girls just want to have fun with me 
Mike: But no one wants to have a relationship 
Mike: I think they see me as a good looking looser 
Robert: I think you're interested in the wrong type of girls 
Summary: Mike, Jack and Robert are turning 30 this year. Robert is happy with his life. Jack is a programmer. Mike hasn't finished high school.
Dialogue: Bob: Dear friends! For those who don’t know, Nancy and I are moving to Spain. We off in a week! 
Kelly: good luck! X
Joanna: all the best! keep posting!
Kim: Congratulations.. I guess ;)
Emma: Wow! Sounds like constant holiday!
Jo: keep us updated! good luck guys!
Andy: can't wait to visit! ;)
Bob: you're more than welcome to visit ;)
Andy: cheers mate! hope the move goes well
Helen: How exciting! oh, i wish you could take me with you!
Steven: enjoy your new life! we're gonna miss you! 
Marisa: looking forward to hearing all about it! x 
Summary: They wish good luck to Bob and Nancy, who are moving to Spain in a week.
Dialogue: Mary: <file_video>
Mary: Carlos, look! What an awesome trailer!
Carlos: The Lion King!
Carlos: OMG, I already love it.
Mary: We gotta go and see it next summer!
Carlos: ABSOLUTELY!!
Summary: Mary and Carlos will see 'The Lion King' next summer.
Dialogue: Maxwell: Hi Ted, you just need to run ESET in your laptop to clean any possible problem.
Maxwell: First you open ESET update the database and click on Smart Scan.
Maxwell: It will run in the background and would not interrupt your work. 
Maxwell: If you already did it, please disregard the message.
Ted: Oh, cool! Will do! Hope my computer doesn’t explode.
Ted: Thanks so much!
Maxwell: No worries, if I find a bomb here, I think we will manage to defuse it :D
Summary: Maxwell advises Ted to run ESET on his laptop in order to clean any issues.
Dialogue: Emily: Do you speak any other languages than English?
Jem: Well, we had Spanish at school, but I don't remember much.
Cory: Same here. We had French.
Emily: I'm thinking of learning a foreign language :)
Jem: Have you decided yet?
Emily: Unfortunately, no.
Summary: Jem learnt Spanish and Cory had French. Neither of them remember much. Emily is thinking of learning a foreign language but she hasn't decided which one.
Dialogue: Sharly: Hey girl
Makena: hey love
Sharly: so listen, the date of the photo shoot was pushed to yesterday
Makena: WTF??😥😥😢
Sharly: yeah i know, it sucks right?!!
Makena: very
Sharly: no one is ready for tomorrow
Makena: just imagine my hair is not yet piled
Sharly: haha, thats really bad for us
Makena: cant we talk to the director or something?
Sharly: he cant, he was the one who gave out the notice
Makena: hope they'll pay extra cash for compensation
Sharly: they must!!
Makena: this has to do with the magazine right?
Sharly: yeah, i think so
Makena: okay then, let me get my shit together
Sharly: 👍😂😂😂
Makena:😂😂
Sharly: let me go to the salon first
Makena: cool
Summary: The date of photo shoot was changed to yesterday. Makena is not ready yet. They should pay them extra for compensation.
Dialogue: George: Dude, the cutest thing just happened!
Clara: What???
George: I was waiting for my coffee at Starbucks and the fluffiest, softest cat just like, sat in my lap. 
Clara: awwww. That sounds so cute! I'm so jealous!
George: It was honestly the best moment ever. I really thought about keeping it! 
Summary: George went for a coffee at Starbucks and a cat sat in his lap. Clara is jealous. George wanted to keep the cat. 
Dialogue: James: we'll do the photos when i come, ok?
James: i mean upload them
William: oh
William: sure
James: and we'll choose a citation
James: :D
Summary: James and William are going to upload the photos and choose a citation.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hey gals! :)
Charlotte: Hey Liv & Mia!
Mia: Hi, what's up u 2?
Olivia: We rly need 2 start planning Sophie's bachelorette party!
Mia: Oh yeah, a month 2 go!
Charlotte: Time's running out.
Olivia: So we have the club booked, but what else should we do?
Mia: Well I think we can meet earlier @ my place before we go out.
Charlotte: Yup, we need to make a list of things each person should bring.
Olivia: And agree on a dress code.
Mia: And buy a present.
Charlotte: I'll create a FB group for all the invitees.
Olivia: That's a great idea.
Mia: We can brainstorm there.
Olivia: Send us the invite.
Charlotte: Will do!
Summary: Sophie's bachelorette party is in a month. They have booked the club. Charlotte will create a FB group for all the invitees and organizers and they will brainstorm there. 
Dialogue: Jarrell: hi, didn't i leave my phone at your place last nite?
Abilene: i didn't see anyting
Culver: ha! was that note 8?
Jarrell: have you just saved my ass?
Culver: probably. it was under bed. battery dead
Jarrell: might be. we played the whole evening right
Culver: wanna pick it up now?
Jarrell: if possible yeah. ill be there in 20 mins
Abilene: ill make coffee just in case. cu :)
Summary: Jarrell left his phone under Culver's bed. He will come and pick it up in 20 minutes. Abilene will make coffee.
Dialogue: Armstrong: <file_other>
Armstrong: what do you think
Benton: yeah, seems interesting. u going?
Armstrong: not alone no. u?
Benton: ok just ask mon and let you know
Hayley: looks cool. count me in
Summary: Armstrong, Benton and Hayley will probably go on some event together. Benton will ask mon and let them know.
Dialogue: Ivy: I have the best Christmas playlist!
Logan: What is it?
Ivy: It's on Spotify. Christmas Piano or something.
Logan: Sounds boring!
Ivy: It's actually good when you're working.
Logan: Probably not distracting.
Ivy: Not at all.
Ivy: Just background music.
Logan: I'll give it a try. Need to get in the spirit!
Ivy: I hear you!
Logan: Too depressed for Christmas this year.
Ivy: I'm in touch.
Logan: It's the weather. And the president. And the world!
Ivy: Whoa! You need a drink!
Logan: TGIF...
Summary: Ivy has good Christmas music on Spotify. Logan might like to try listening to it, too, as he doesn't feel the Christmas spirit yet.
Dialogue: Hanna: hey Katie!! :*
Kate: hi cutie, what's up?
Hanna: are we gonna see each other in december??
Kate: on Marie's birthday party?
Hanna: yeah, i am coming from Berlin for a few days
Kate: nice!! i have missed you
Hanna: yeah me too, maybe we can also meet together, just the two of us? not just at the party
Kate: i was thinking the same!!! when exactly are you here?
Hanna: i will be in Poland from 6 to 11 December
Kate: when is the party??
Hanna: it's on the 7th
Kate: how about we meet for coffe and breakfast on the 8th then? we can be hangover together hahaha
Hanna: like the old times ?:D
Kate: like the old times hahaha
Hanna: sounds like a plan!!!
Summary: Kate and Hanna meet at Marie's birthday party on the 7th of December. Hanna will be in Poland from 6 to 11 December. Kate and Hanna will meet for coffee and breakfast on the 8th of December.
Dialogue: Carl: How has this disgusting man still got a career?
Sam: Why is he disgusting ?
Carl: gave a 20 year old HIV then she killed herself, read a little mate
Edd: Carl, do English,
Sam: Carl, read a little better mate. The allegation was for herpes not hiv and he got cleared, by a judge, you know more than the judge who saw all the relevant evidence? Please
Summary: Carl thinks the man is disgusting. Sam read he got cleared by a judge.
Dialogue: Jake: Hey you free? 
Mike: what's up 
Jake: Nothing much!
Jake: Going to see the kids playing tonight! 
Mike: Wooo hockey game! 
Jake: You coming! 
Mike: Pre sure I will be there!
Jake: Shoot me a text when you get there! 
Mike: 🤟
Summary: Jake is going to see kids' hockey game. Mike will join him.
Dialogue: Lin: horrible weather :(
Lin: so cold and dark
Kim: Yeah, winter is coming
Kim: We'd all better get used to it
Shane: I hate winter
Shane: I could sleep all of it
Shane: From october until April
Lin: You're right, winter lasts 6 months most years!
Kim: right
Shane: What can we do about it?
Lin: nothing, Im afraid...
Summary: Lin, Kim and Shane aren't happy about the coming winter.
Dialogue: Hayley: Will you tell me at last?
Rodrigo: Tell what?
Hayley: Where were you last night?
Rodrigo: Anywhere, I was sleeping in my cabinet
Hayley: No you didn’t, I checked, you were not there
Rodrigo: I went for a walk, leave me alone
Summary: Hayley wants to know where Rodrigo was last night.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Hey babe
Cindy: Hi <3
Jonathan: I have a brilliant idea :D
Jonathan: How about we do a couple massage course
Cindy: Sounds amazing!
Jonathan: I found a course online
Cindy: ??? Online?????
Summary: Jonathan will find a couple massage course for Cindy and him.
Dialogue: Laura: how is France?
Jesse: I like it a lot
Alex: Me too, only quite expensive
Jesse: Paris is hyper-expensive, the rest not so much
Laura: I've recently talked to a French friend and he claimed that there is a different beauty standard for women in Europe
Laura: or at least in France
Laura: do you think it's true?
Jesse: 🤔 Hmm, maybe there is something about it. I'm not sure about Europe though 
Alex: Yes, I noticed some difference between French and American women
Jesse: Really? Like what?
Alex: there are very few boob jobs here, they seem to like skinny girls with an almost boyish appearance 
Jesse: right!
Laura: the guy said the same
Jesse: they don't seem so obsessed with a certain type of woman like in America\
Laura: what type?
Jesse: the ... Fox-News-woman-type
Laura: hahah, true, they all look the same
Jesse: exactly, and even if not, they get an operation to look similar
Alex: and pop stars here are like this, for example the girl from Yelle
Jesse: Julie Budet
Alex: exactly - skinny, no boobs
Alex: I think they find American pop stars vulgar - with implants everywhere, huge boobs, huge asses, false eyes, false teeth
Jesse: haha, possibly 
Laura: interesting 
Summary: Jesse and Alex are in France. They noticed some differences between French and American women. Jesse and Alex think French appreciate more skinny girls with an almost boyish appearance than vulgar American pop stars.
Dialogue: Craig: thanks to those FOUR of you who did send essays
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Carrie: well.. I guess you could have expected that….
Craig: …
Mark: i was planning on sending all of them at one go next week
Craig: yeah right. send them then next week.
Carrie: <file_gif>
Craig: <file_gif>
Summary: Mark will send his essays next week.
Dialogue: Irwin: Damnit, I left my backpack at your place
Irwin: Can I come and get it tomorrow afternoon?
Jeremy: No problem homie, it's safe here
Irwin: Sweet, thanks! I don't know what's wrong with me, dude
Irwin: This is not the first time I forget my stuff
Jeremy: Maybe you've a crush on some chick
Irwin: Bullcrap Jer, I don't need any more worries
Jeremy: So I dunno, but being forgetful isn't the end of the world
Irwin: You sound like my mother, but appreciate your positive thinking
Jeremy: I'm the last dude to be a wet blanket though
Irwin: That's your greatest virtue
Summary: Irwin will come and get his backpack from Jeremy's tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi, I won't make it today. I have an awful cold.
David: Hi, Sam, sure, no problem.
Sam: Thanks. Is there anything I could do from home?
David: No, that's okay, Carl just got back from his vacation so we can handle the workload.
Sam: Great, if you need anything just text me. I should feel fine in a day or two.
David: Okay, let me know tomorrow.
Sam: I will, thanks!
Summary: Sam has a cold and won't make it today. Carl got back so they can handle without Sam. Sam will let David know tomorrow.
Dialogue: Kaden: Hi Zoé
Kaden: I have searched our database and the only place that is available is the one we spoke about earlier today
Kaden: When can we meet so that I can show you the place?
Zoé: Hi Ines, how about tomorrow afternoon at 2?
Kaden: I think that's ok, but I will confirm with the owner and let you know
Zoé: Great! Many thanks
Summary: Kaden wants to show Zoé the place at 2 pm tomorrow.
Dialogue: Martin: hi
Tony: hello
Martin: i was wondering if you'd like to go with us to Oslo..
Tony: with us?
Martin: with me and my wife
Martin: of course you and your wife
Tony: hmm
Tony: when do you go there?
Martin: for Christmas
Tony: oh, im sorry, we have to visit our parents
Tony: but thanks for offer
Martin: no problem
Martin: if you change your mind just let me know
Summary: Martin and his wife are going to Oslo for Christmas. Tony is visiting parents, and can't go.
Dialogue: Dianne: i can't believe what andy told me yesterday at lunch
Barrett: what did he said
Dianne: he told me he was making a lot of money
Dianne: that's really tacky and gross :-/
Barrett: lol you know andy
Barrett: he's always been like that
Dianne: showing off about doing great in school and how many girls you've dated is one thing
Dianne: but talking about money and how rich you are... i don't like that
Barrett: how did the conversation come up anyway?
Dianne: it was time to pay and i forgot my purse
Dianne: and he was like don't worry i know you're going throug a rough time
Dianne: wtf
Dianne: that's when he said lunch was on him
Dianne: because he's supposedly making a lot of money $$$
Barrett: lol calm down that's andy
Barrett: he's always been like this he'll always be like this
Dianne: i guess so
Dianne: he just makde me feel that crap :-(
Barrett: don't worry about it
Barrett: just let it go
Barrett: it's really not important lol :-D
Dianne: hahaha i know
Dianne: you're right
Dianne: i'm still pissed off though!!! lol
Summary: Yesterday Dianne ate lunch with Andy. Dianne forgot her purse, so Andy offered to pay, because he's earning a lot of money. He has always liked showing off.
Dialogue: Winnie: Hello dear, how are you?
Hilary: I'm fine, looking forward to your visit next week!
Winnie: Well, yes, I'm afraid there's a bit of a problem with that. I've broken my leg, you see.
Hilary: Oh, you poor thing! How did it happen?
Winnie: Well, I slipped in the shower, of all things! Bert found me on the floor, crying in pain!
Hilary: That's awful! Did you need an ambulance?
Winnie: Yes, it was very embarrassing, me in my birthday suit with those young paramedics helping me. I did have a towel to cover my modesty a bit!
Hilary: They don't mind, they've seen all sorts of sights!
Winnie: Thanks a lot! Well, Bert managed to get a nightie over my head with their help and off I went! I actually need morphine as it was a spiral fracture, it bloody hurt!
Hilary: I bet it did! Did you get seen to quickly?
Winnie: Well, not immediately, but quick enough, I was past caring with the morphine kicking in, though!
Hilary: Well, I am so sorry you can't visit, we had lots of lovely things planned for you both.
Winnie: Well, it'll take me a few months to get over this, love. Perhaps we can come up in the spring.
Hilary: That would be lovely. Look after yourself! 
Winnie: I'll try not to break the other one! Bye dear!
Summary: Winnie has broken her leg. She slipped in the shower and she needed an ambulance. She was given morphine. She can't visit Hilary. They postpone for the spring.
Dialogue: Joey: Lets pass the ball to Mike, he's the one!
Mike: We need to wise up guys, otherwise we'll loose the next match!
Pierre: Maybe me in 2nd line?
Don: I can switch with Clark! We cannot go another season without anything.
Clark: Sure!
Joey: So, when's the next training?
Pierre: Maybe we should do some more prep before playing? Just to pump us up.
Don: Friday? Some weighs?
Mike: And some cardio before, what do you think?
Summary: Joey, Mike, Pierre, Don and Clark plan to do physical preparation before the next match.
Dialogue: Victor: Hello.
Victor: Did you hear that 6ix9ine as arrested.
Raymond: Yeah I had
Raymond: The worst part is that he has been accused of multiple charges.
Victor: Yeah. At some point his rap career is over
Raymond: Kinda
Raymond: But I doubt if he will be serving his time in jail.
Raymond: Most probably it will b a house arrest.
Victor: Haha or rather he will plan a jail escape
Victor: You know he is a psycho.
Raymond: Yeah
Raymond: He is that crazy
Victor: 😂😂 Let the law do its job
Raymond: Definitely.
Summary: Rapper 6ix9ine has been arrested. Raymond doubts he will be serving time in jail for the multiple charges. 
Dialogue: Ruth: hey, are we going to buy anything for Dev?
Mira: Hi 
Mira: Good idea
Ruth: no ideas yet :) just asking who's in
Mira: Me and Chris for sure
Martin: I've already bought him something but I can join you anyway
Ruth: what did you buy?
Martin: nothing special, just a book 
Ruth: okay. let's see who's in first 
Tamara: I want to participate too!
Tamara: but I dont know him so well, cant think of any ideas...
Mira: Dev loves hiking
Martin: how about some equipment?
Chris: hi guys, great idea! let's get him something big :)
Ruth: so who's going shopping? :)
Martin: you Ruth? :)
Ruth: ok but I'm not going alone!
Martin: I'm out of town till Friday night :(
Chris: l can go with you Ruth
Chris: Wednesday afternoon?
Ruth: that's perfect, thanks
Ella: hi all! Ruth I can't go with you on Wednesday but I have an idea. Dev needs a new backpack!
Ruth: thanks Ella! ok... Chris I'll definitely need your help with this :)
Ella: I would suggest a Deuter, at least. or something better
Chris: ok! :)
Martin: totally right ella I saw his old backpack lol
Ella: I know right? :)
Ruth: oh you mean the red one?!
Ella: the red and stinky one ;)
Summary: Martin has already bought a book for Dev. Martin is out off town till Friday. Chris, Ruth and Ella want to buy a new backpack on Wednesday afternoon.
Dialogue: Jenny: I am doing ham egg and chips for tea do you want some?
Caron: oh I think I will thank you very much
Jenny: I thought you would like that
Caron: I was just thinking what will I do for dinner
Jenny: well now you wont have to worry
Caron: no I wont
Jenny: have you been working hard today?
Caron: yes I have all day I am still in my pyjamas
Jenny: oh bloody hell.. dont bother to get changed now
Caron: no I wont I will run round in my slippers
Jenny: Aw bless you
Caron: do you need anything
Jenny: I will have a bit of mill if you have any spare
Caron: yes anything else?
Jenny: no I'm fine for everything thank you darling
Caron: what time shall I come round?
Jenny: in about half an hour
Caron: ok darling see you in a while  thank you xx
Summary: Jenny is cooking ham, eggs and chips for tea. Caron will join her. Caron has been working hard today, but she's still in her pyjamas.
Dialogue: Drake: gentlemen look at that <file_other>
Edison: that is YOU on top!
Drake: that is ME. first time!
Miller: well done!
Edison: congrats mate
Summary: Drake has reached the summit.
Dialogue: Zach: hiyo
Zach: name of that barber plase
Wilfred: Route 66
Zach: thanks
Wilfred: changing the image?
Zach: nahh
Zach: just regular haircut and trimming
Zach: oh cool
Summary: Zach will get a hair trim at the Route 66 barbershop.
Dialogue: Mom: Where are you? 
Anne: I am getting my blood tested! 
Mom: For your acne? 
Anne: Yes : ( 
Mom: Poor you
Mom: I will cook something delicious for you
Anne: Thanks mom! 
Anne: I will be tonight then! 
Mom: be waiting at home! 😚
Summary: Anne is doing blood tests for her acne. Mom will cook something special for her.
Dialogue: Andrew: I got the job
Gala: You’re kidding me!!!!!
Andrew: No, it’s true :]
Gala: OMGGGG congratulations!!!
Gala: We have to drink tonight ;p
Summary: Andrew got the job and is meeting with Gala to celebrate it with a drink.
Dialogue: Andrea: hey Babes, how's it going? I've got some job to do. 20 short texts for an online shop. 50% for correction. Deadline in two weeks. Will you help me?
Sondra: Hi, sorry I don't think Im gonna make it. It is hard these days.
Andrea: ?
Sondra: My cat is dying and nanny's leaving... :/
Andrea: damn.. sorry to hear that. I f you could give me someone, maybe you know somebody suitable? I know aleady Jill can't do it :/
Sondra: Jill is the best. Other people need assitance. Do you want these contacts?
Andrea: not really...
Sondra: :)
Andrea: If you found a window in a spacetime, please let me know. Ill get the texts on Friday.
Sondra: OK, but I dont think it will happen. The first window I see is probably in June.
Andrea: I understand. I hope the kitty is going to make it, I keep my fingers crossed for him..
Sondra: In march Im gonna have as many as ONE free evening if everything goes well. Thanks he is still alive, maybe he is stronger than it looks now.
Andrea: <file_gif>
Summary: Andrea must correct 50% of 20 short texts for an online shop. She has a deadline in two weeks. Sondra cannot help Andrea, because her cat is dying and nanny's leaving. Jill also cannot help. Sondra will probably have only one free evening in March and more free time probably in June. 
Dialogue: Andy: Suh?
Luke: Not much. S'up?
Andy: You played dat new game yet?
Luke: What new game?
Andy: OMG! You dunno?
Luke: No. Tell me.
Andy: OMG! OMG! OMG!
Luke: Still waiting...
Andy: Oh, c'mon! Srsly?
Luke: Yeah, seriously. What new game?
Andy: The new Assassin's Creed is out!
Luke: U joking?
Andy: Nah. Got it. Playin it.
Luke: Don't believe it. Show me.
Andy: <file_photo> Well? :)
Luke: You... Dunno wat to say...
Andy: LOL :P 
Luke: What's the plot?
Andy: Not tellin. Go and buy it. 
Luke: Short on cash now. Can I come over?
Andy: Y? 
Luke: Well, you can let me play, eh?
Andy: Nope. Not a chance.  
Luke: Y?
Andy: Just got it. Need to have some fun first.
Luke: Oh c'mon! PLEASE!
Andy: Fine! Stop whining!
Luke: THANK YOU!
Summary: Luke will visit Andy to play the new Assassin's Creed.
Dialogue: Alvin: Have you paid for the rent in this month?
Bert: Nah, I've lost the data in order to make the bank transfer
Alvin: wait a second, I will send you all the info that you need
Bert: Thaaaaaanks
Alvin: Here you are <file_photo>
Summary: Alvin's sent Bert the data in order to make the bank transfer for the rent this month.
Dialogue: Moll: And don't forget to sign it! And date it!
Das: Sister!!! Mercy! I'm not THAT stupid.
Moll: But under pressure.
Das: Talk to you tomorrow.
Summary: Moll reminds Das to sign and date it.
Dialogue: Laura: Mom had asked me to go grocery shopping before she left for work this morning, but I need to finish my school project. Can you go for me, Martha?
Martha: I guess I can. I am done with my homework. What did mom want you to buy?
Laura: Well, she wanted me to buy enough groceries for the whole week. Besides meat, some fish and vegetables, we can buy whatever else we want for snacks and breakfast.
Martha: What do you want for breakfast?
Laura: I guess some cereal as usual.
Martha: I do not want cereal every day. I will buy some pancakes and syrup then.
Laura: Get the new Fine Food pancakes in the frozen food section please. I want to see how it tastes.
Martha: Do we still have enough coffee and cream for mom and dad?
Laura: Yes, we do. Talking about coffee and cream, you better buy some milk also. We almost ran out of it.
Martha: Next, what do you want for snacks?
Laura: Some chips would be fine with me. You probably want your chocolate cookies.
Laura:  As far as meat, mom wants some pork and some chicken.
Martha: Just any kind of pork?
Laura: I forgot to ask mom about that. Anyways, you can ask the butcher for his opinion. He knows what is best.
Martha: How about fish?
Laura: Mom wants some salmon and some catfish. Make sure that they are fresh.
Martha: How much salmon and catfish should I buy?
Laura: Oh, buy four pieces of salmon filet and four pieces of catfish filet. Mom does not like to get the whole fish.
Martha: Are these fish filets sold by weight or by the piece?
Laura: I am not very sure. Just buy four decent sized pieces. Not too big and not too small.
Summary: Laura was asked by her mother to buy groceries. Laura wants Martha to help her, because she has to finish a school project. Martha will buy pancakes, syrup, milk, chips, pork, chicken, 4 salmon fillets and 4 catfish fillets.
Dialogue: Maria: Toby, have you thought where we should spend Christmas?
Toby: I though we would go to my parents
Maria: Again?
Toby: Why not? It's Christmas
Maria: It was so tiring for me the last time and you know it perfectly 
Toby: But I talked to my mother about it, she promised to be more respectful this time
Maria: I can't believe she will manage to skip her little baiting remarks
Toby: Let her try at least
Maria: But it seems you've already decided without even asking me
Toby: No, I assumed that we would go there, it's Christmas, it's what people do for Christmas
Maria: And now it would look even worse if we don't go there
Toby: 🤷🏻‍♂ I guess so
Maria: Very unfair, maybe we'll just separate for Christmas, I need to rest
Toby: What? Are you insane? I'm not going to spend Christmas without my wife
Maria: But with your mother!
Toby: No, if you really don't  want to go there, we won't
Maria: I would like to relax, to rest. Maybe we could find some flights and go somewhere where's no winter?
Toby: That's really much more expensive than my parents.
Maria: But beautiful
Toby: Let's talk about it at home, tonight 
Maria: ok!
Summary: Tonight, Toby and Maria are going to discuss flying somewhere for the Christmas holiday instead of visiting Toby's parents.
Dialogue: Jane: You won't guess what happened to Fiona!
Fred: No, I probably won't :D
Fred: Isn't she in Portugal?
Jane: Well... that's not that simple ;)
Fred: What? what do you mean?
Jane: She went to Portugal with Mario, but now she's in Spain
Fred: Oh, that's nice
Jane: Listen up
Jane: She met Lisa in Portugal, Mario ditched them, god knows why, the guy's weird, but, anyway, the girls went a bit wild
Jane: They partied for the entire weekend and were supposed to go back on Sunday, they had the same flight
Jane: The thing is they boarded a wrong plane and ended up in Spain
Fred: They did what?!
Jane: I know, right? How crazy is that? :D
Fred: It's not crazy, it's not possible
Jane: Tell that to Fiona and Lisa, they say hello by the way
Jane: <file_photo>
Fred: But how did it happen?
Jane: They were flying with Ryanair. Fiona said they were crazy tired and almost missed their boarding, but were admitted eventually. They followed the crowd and ended up in a wrong queue. It was an early morning flight, I think the flight attendant was simply tired and missed that tiny detail that they were flying to Manchester, not Madrid
Fred: This is crazy. What are they going to do?
Jane: They're probably to stay as long as they won't find a flight back, they didn't seem too bothered about this
Fred: Well, this doesn't surprise me
Summary: Fiona met Lisa in Portugal. They were partying all weekend. They were supposed to go back on Sunday. They boarded the wrong plane and ended up in Spain because of fatigue.
Dialogue: Deborah: I'm going to the library.
Deborah: Do you need anything?
Kimberly: Main or ours?
Deborah: Main.
Kimberly: Pascal only. For next week. 
Kimberly: Whatever it is that we need...
Deborah: OKey! 
Summary: Deborah is going to the main library.
Dialogue: Ava: You saw the new  painting  just made?
Noah: Nah. Send me the pics
Ava: Sending and tell me where does It need improvements
Ava: <file_photo>
Noah: Omg . Thats so amazing :o You made it alone?
Ava: Took a bit help from my elder  brother
Noah: Will take a close look at it when I will meet you at your home 
Summary: Ava did a new painting with some help from her elder brother. Noah will study it when visiting Ava.
Dialogue: Judy: What does John’s last message mean?
Anne: Judy! Stop reading my messages!
Judy: Why?
Anne: I don’t see what’s so private about them. After all, you haven’t changed your password yet.
Judy: I’m going to.
Anne: Good, but until then – what does his message might mean?
Summary: Judy wants to know what John's last message to Anne might mean. Anne wants Judy to stop reading her messages.
Dialogue: Luka: Gdnyt jackie
Jackie: nyt nyt, talk tomorrow
Luka: ok
Summary: Luka and Jackie say good night.
Dialogue: Kim: Imagine Dragons are playing a concert in Prague next month!
Kim: Wanna come with me?
Jennifer: That's absolutely wonderful!
Jennifer: How much are the tickets?
Kim: Not much, I'll tell you later
Kim: Gotta go now
Jennifer: ok, bye
Summary: Kim has invited Jennifer to an Imagine Dragons concert in Prague. She is going to tell her how much the tickets cost.
Dialogue: Trina: Lunch at 13?
Ronnie: Sure, I'm already hungry :)
Trina: great, see u soon!
Ronnie: see u!
Summary: Trina and Ronnie are going to eat lunch together at 13 o'clock.
Dialogue: Earl: did you buy your plane ticket to the UK?
Samantha: yes, i did. what a time to be heading over there.
Earl: i know. the situation seems to be changing constantly.
Samantha: very true. a lot could happen over just one week.
Earl: where will you be staying?
Samantha: in some hostel near Kensington Gardens
Earl: oh wow, that's a nice area
Samantha: yes, i have fond memories of it from my last visit
Earl: when is veronika meeting up with you?
Samantha: Thursday. She's flying in from Prague that morning.
Earl: cool. whens the last time you saw her?
Samantha: 4 years ago, actually
Earl: Will be great to meet up with her finally
Samantha: indeed
Summary: Samantha travels to the UK and will stay in some hostel near Kensington Gardens. Veronika flies from Prague and will meet her on Thursday. They didn't see each other for 4 years. 
Dialogue: Philip: Hello beautiful
Mary: heyyy
Philip: you look so beautiful in in your profile pic
Philip: you look good enough to eat
Mary: ok...
Philip: youre just so hot
Mary: uhhh thanks???
Philip: I just thnik youre beautiful
Mary: thanks
Philip: youre not being very nice
Mary: excuse me?
Philip: you could say something
Mary: there's reallyu nothing I can say
Philip: you could tell me I'm cute
Mary: ????
Philip: yeah, you could be nice and answer with something nice!
Mary: I really don't know what to write to you 
Mary: this conversation got very weird
Philip: yeah you grils don't know how to be nice
Philip: you're all the same
Mary: ??? what the hell
Philip: <file_photo>
Mary:  a dick pic! really 
Mary: Ok Im out of this conversation
Philip: yeah well fuck you! 
Summary: Philip is hitting on Mary. She is confused. When he sends her an improper photo, she leaves the conversation.
Dialogue: Leo: Ssup Bro.
Leo: When are you coming to Italy?
Chiellini: Yow ssup
Chiellini: I don't know but not anytime soon. Espana is fun.
Leo: Eeish. I can see you are the same party boy
Chiellini: Haha.
Chiellini: Same old dog... same old me.
Leo: 🤣🤣 Okay enjoy your life boy!
Chiellini: 😎😎
Summary: Chiellini is in Spain now. 
Dialogue: Fiona: I need to paint my room
Larry: why?
Fiona: it's ugly!
Fiona: time to change sth :)
Larry: got it
Fiona: so... will u help?
Larry: how?
Fiona: can u go with me to buy some pain?
Larry: do u know the colour already?
Fiona: no
Larry: pick the coloyr first
Fiona: why?
Larry: I don't wanna to spend ages in the shop
Larry: <lol>
Fiona: uh, u!
Larry: that's the true :D
Larry: let me know when u pick sth
Fiona: ok, some advice?
Larry: just not the pink
Fiona: :D
Summary: Fiona wants to paint her room and asks Larry for help. He'll help her buy paint when she decides on the colour.
Dialogue: Dad: I am making some pancakes come downstairs
Olaf: Ohh nice of you
Olaf: Coming right away! 
Summary: Dad wants Olaf to come downstairs to have some pancakes.
Dialogue: James: Hi Andy, do you have plans for the long weekend?
Andy: Don't know yet, why?
James: We are renting a yacht in Croatia and need 3 more people :) interested? 
Andy: sounds good, how much?
James: if we have 8 people it's gonna be around 500 euros including basic food
Andy: and the flights?
James: we are going by car, gas not included
Andy: Croatia is expensive, isn't it?
James: going by car we can take booze with us ;) and use boat resources to maximum
Andy: true true who's we btw, who's going? :)
James: Amy and me, Josh, Patrick and Laura.
Andy: Laura Michaels?
James: I knew you'd be interested :D
Summary: James is renting a yacht in Croatia. He wants to know if Andy would be interested in joining them. Amy, Josh, Patrick and Laura are going with James. They are going by car.
Dialogue: Poppy: Jack?
Mia: hi
Poppy: ... ;d
Jack: Yeah?
Poppy: send me the materials plz
Jack: Oh! Sorry, on it!
Summary: Jack will send Poppy materials she asked for.
Dialogue: Nicky: Got a letter from the bank. Need to talk.
Phil: S'up?
Nicky: Promise u won't be angry.
Phil: What's wrong?
Nicky: Promise.
Phil: Fine. I promise.
Nicky: Remember I luv u.
Phil: That bad?! How much do we owe?
Nicky: $3k
Phil: What?! How could u?!
Nicky: U promised.
Phil: So did u!
Summary: Nicky and Phil owe the bank $3K.
Dialogue: Nora: Can sb send me photo of our homework??
Emma: Yeeees, wait a minute
Julia: What homework??
Maria: xDD
Emma: @Julia we talked about it yesterday...
Julia: ??
Emma: Describe your daily routine using given phrases
Julia: Ahhh, yes
Emma: (－‸ლ)
Julia: :D
Emma: <file_photo>
Nora: Thx!!
Emma: Anytime ;-)
Nora: And that's all?
Emma: Yep
Nora: Thank god, I'm so tired
Nora: I'll do it tmrw
Nora: And now (-_-)zzz
Summary: Emma sent Nora the photo of their homework.
Dialogue: Emma: How did the meeting go?
Julia: Not very well :( We kept fighting over details and wound up doing half the work we planned to be done with :/
Julia: So I have a never ending file of things to do this week
Julia: on top of my personal drama of course
Emma: Mike still hasn't called?
Julia: No and he keeps posting stuff on fb
Emma: that's just mean :/
Julia: I know. He's out with friends here and getting drunk there, traveling having fun
Emma: fuck him Jules! This is not okay.
Julia: he's coming home Friday we'll see then
Emma: be strong :*
Julia: thanks <3
Emma: call me with anything!
Summary: Julia's meeting has not had the required outcome and has left her with more work to do. Mike still hasn't called. 
Dialogue: George: Hi Peter. So what do you think about all this Brexit business?
Peter: Don't even talk about it. I don't wanna even think about it.
George: Why not?
Peter: I am starting to get depressed about it.
George: Why?
Peter: The government have now used up 80% of the time available between the Referendum and the 29th March 2019 and have achieved precisely nothing. 
Peter: I can't put my finger on anything, not one thing, that has been agreed and signed off on.
George: That's what they said. "Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed". 
Peter: You know that Wilf Pareto, right?
George: The 80-20 rule guy? 
Peter: Yeah, him. He said you can do 80% of the work with 20% of the time, and I suppose the government must be trying to prove him right, because now that's all the time we've got left. 
George:  Problem is, I don't think we did the other 20% of the work with the first 80% of the time. 
Peter: Don't even talk about it.
George: The issue is that May is useless and all the people in government have either no solutions or no ability to take command, and the EU negoiators intentionally sabotaged the process.
Peter: The simplest thing to do now would be to simply withdraw Article 50, stay in and make as much trouble for Merkel and Macron as we possibly can so that they wish they had let us go when they had the chance.
Peter: But let's leave the topic. I'd rather talk about just about anything else. 
Summary: George asks Peter about Brexit. Peter is upset about this topic. In his opinion the politicians don't work effectively. For Peter the simplest thing to do would be to withdraw Article 50, stay in and make much trouble for Merkel and Macron. Peter would rather talk about something else.
Dialogue: Aisha: What on Earth have you been doing in my bedroom?
Megan: What are you talking about?
Aisha: Don’t pretend you don’t know
Aisha: I can smell your perfume
Aisha: You were snooping around 
Megan: Why would I do that?
Aisha: You tell me! 
Aisha: I will buy and lock and this will end!
Aisha: I’m tired of it!!
Summary: Aisha suspects Megan of snooping around in her bedroom. She can smell her perfume. Megan doesn't admit to doing that. Aisha considers locking her bedroom.
Dialogue: Lisa: Hi there. You all right?
Dan: Hi, Lisa. I'm much better now.
Lisa: Good to hear, Dan. Good luck.
Summary: Dan is much better now.
Dialogue: Martin: Word of warning my fellow fast food lover.
Martin: Be aware of McDonald's near the city square.
Martin:  I've been sitting on the loo for 15 minutes now after I ate a pack of fries
Henry: Lol. 
Henry: Thanks for warning.
Summary: Martin felt sick after having a pack of fries at McDonald's near the city square.
