Dialogue: David: Whats up? 
Nathan: Nothing much
Nathan: Gotta hit the pool
David: Really?
David: I don't feel like swimming if its raining
Nathan: Ye well 
Nathan: I am going
David: Who you're going with? 
Nathan: By myself
Nathan: highway dont care
David: Lol 
David: I hate that song
Nathan: I hate Taylor Swift but Tim McGraw is ok 
Summary: Nathan is going to the pool. David doesn't want to because of the rain.
Dialogue: Jeffrey: Hey Ryan can you recommend a good restaurant in Cambridge?
Ryan: Hi. What kind of food?
Jeffrey: English
Ryan: The Eagle is ok or the Granta.
Jeffrey: Thanks mate
Ryan: When are you leaving?
Jeffrey: Today in the evening.
Ryan: It’s a pity I’m not there this time
Ryan: We could hang out
Jeffrey: Indeed
Ryan: Maybe next time.
Jeffrey: I’ll let you know when I’m around.
Ryan: Ok. Cheers.
Summary: Ryan recommends restaurants in Cambridge for Jeffrey. Jeffrey is leaving today in the evening.
Dialogue: Daniel: hi! any free slots this week?
David: Hey. Thursday 6pm or Friday 5pm only ;o.
Daniel: :( i'll be at work
David: :/ Weekend?
Daniel: ok i'll let you know
David: Ok!
Summary: Daniel will let David know about free slots at the weekend. 
Dialogue: Peg: Did you pick up the laundry
Nel: no
Peg: why?
Nel: didn't feel like it
Peg: PICK UP THE GODDAMN LAUNDRY 
Nel: gees fine!
Summary: Peg demands that Nel pick up the laundry.
Dialogue: Thomas: Hey, wanna meet today?
Kate: Sure, when and where?
Thomas: at Jeff's at 6 p.m.?
Kate: Ok. See you then
Thomas: Gr8
Thomas: Bye
Summary: Thomas and Kate will meet at Jeff's at 6 pm. 
Dialogue: Maggie: Have you been to the fabric store recently?
Maggie: <file_gif>
Liz: no, recently not really
Liz: why are you asking?
Liz: <file_gif>
Maggie: oh, I could do with some nice coton 
Maggie: cotton
Liz: i will HAVE to go before the winter break, that's for sure, what do you need it for?
Liz: <file_gif>
Maggie: <file_gif>
Liz: what am I supposed to do with that info now? 
Liz: would you like me to buy sth when i'm there?
Maggie: naaah, I'm just asking if it's worth going
Liz: oh, sorry then. 
Liz: but i guess you'll find sth once you go
Liz: in New Market Square there used to be a really good choice 
Maggie: you mean the Old Market?
Liz: No, the further one. the shop where you had to go down the stairs. 
Liz: the old-fashioned one
Maggie: I don't know where
Liz: <file_photo>
Liz: It's here
Maggie: they have fabric there?
Liz: here's where i get what you meant
Liz: n-o.
Liz: <file_gif> 
Maggie: hahaa what could i have had in mind when i wrote 'cotton'?
Liz: well at least you know there's a haberdashery shop in New Market Square
Summary: Maggie wants to know if there is any nice cotton fabric in the shops. Liz doesn't know but she will go before the winter break. There's a haberdashery in New Market Square. 
Dialogue: Zack: Hey, I think I've lost you guys. Any chance of seeing you later on? I'm leaving for London tonight so it'd be great if we managed to hang out
Louise: Sorry Zack!! 
Zack: No worries
Louise: We'll be attending the keynote speech and we've booked the dinner as well, so there's still chance to talk. Will you be joining us?
Zack: Ahh that's great, thanks. Yeah, I'll see if I can catch up with you at the keynote speech. Otherwise, see you at the dinner
Louise: Perfect, we'll be looking out for you
Zack: Thanks!
Louise: See you in a bit
Summary: Zack lost them ant wants to catch up later because he is leaving for London tonight. Louise is going to the keynote speech and dinner. Zack will see if he can make it for the keynote speech, but will join them for dinner.
Dialogue: Laura: Hey, babe, wanna sth from Wal-Mart?
Eric: No thanks. Are you going?
Laura: Yeah, I need some things.
Eric: OK, I don't need anything. What time will you be back?
Laura: Not sure, Why?
Eric: Thought maybe we could do sth 2gether
Laura: We still haven't watched the Shining 
Eric: Great, we could finish that or we could plan our holiday
Laura: tonight?? 
Eric: Why not 
Laura: Cause I don't even know if or when I'll be able to leave work for two weeks!
Eric: c'mon it's the same thing every year, you're not a slave there; you know!
Laura: God, you don't know what it's like! I cant just say hi and leave 
Eric: And I can cause my job is so meaningless and dumb?
Laura: That's not what I said! 
Eric: But that's what you meant... 
Laura: Jesus, Eric, get over yourself, srsly 
Eric: Why should I? Nothing I do means anything anyways 
Laura: I won't talk to you when you're like that.
Eric: Whatev
Summary: Laura is going to Wal-Mart. Eric wants to start planning their holiday. Eric feels nothing he does means anything. Laura won't talk to Eric when he's like that.
Dialogue: Sophie: <file_gif>
Jay: oh yeah!!!
Jay: <file_gif>
Jay: tonight's gonna be liiiiiittttttt
Sophie: getting ready babe
Sophie: <file_photo>
Jay: damn girl, lookin' hot tonight!!!
Jay: <file_gif>
Summary: Jay and Sophie are getting ready for tonight.
Dialogue: Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: <file_photo>
Fiona: My oh my that cat sure does have a strange way of sleeping.
Fiona: LOL
Tina: Sometimes I think there's something wrong with him.
Tina: It's like he's broken.
Fiona: He's a big silly kitten!
Fiona: <file_gif>
Tina: Me cat. I sleeps any way I like>
Fiona: LOL
Fiona: Preferably in the most inconvenient place for human.
Tina: Of course!
Tina: So human has to avoid stepping on me. LOL
Summary: Tina and Fiona are making fun of Fiona's cat. They are joking it is broken and mean to humans.
Dialogue: Katy: look: <file_other>
Keira: nice!
David: haha "Twin Peaks" is very hipster now
Oscar: it is!
Katy: but it's a great series
Kate: let's go to this party
Keira: I assume it's just the 80's style
Oscar: seems so
Summary: Katy likes "Twin Peaks". Kate wants to go to a party.
Dialogue: Greg: did u wish dustin a happy bday?
Dan: no
Greg: why?
Dan: we had a falling out
Greg: what happened?!?!?!
Dan: he's a bad friend
Dan: he only goes out with his girlfriend now
Dan: he has no time for friends
Greg: that's normal dude
Greg: he hasn’t had a girlfriend in ages
Greg: he's very excited
Dan: i understand that and that's cool
Dan: but he stood me up last tuesday!!!
Dan: we were meeting for drinks and he just didn't show up
Greg: oh man, you're right, that's crappy
Greg: i would still try to hash things out with him
Greg: you've been friends forever
Dan:  i know you're right,  but I I just need some time for myself right now
Dan: i know things will be alright again soon
Summary: Dan didn't wish Dustin a happy birthday because he stood him up last Tuesday. Dan is angry because Dustin has a new girlfriend and doesn't have time for friends. 
Dialogue: Steve: Did you get tickets for the foam party 
Max: I havent! :(
Max: You think they still have them
Steve: They should
Steve: Im going to the AG building rn 
Max: kk 
Steve: How many do we need? 
Max: I think 3 
Max: me you and Tyler
Steve: Is Blake going?
Max: I don't think so
Max: Hes going to Cuba
Steve: What?
Steve: I didn't know that
Max: They got a last minute deal I think 
Max: I don't know what it happened
Steve: Who hes going with? 
Max: with his parents
Steve: Lol really xd
Max: yep!
Summary: Max and Steve want to go to the foam party with Tyler, so they need 3 tickets. Blake cannot join them, because he's going to Cuba with his parents.
Dialogue: Hiram: Where u at?
Wanda: is the bus coming?
Hiram: Yes
Wanda: shiiit!!!
Summary: Wanda's and Hiram's bus is coming and Wanda's not there.
Dialogue: Andy: and how did it go, Hugh?
Andy: everything ok?
Hugh: not too bad, thanks.
Hugh: I called Dr Smith after work and he had a free slot luckily
Hugh: the toothache is gone :)
Wade: That's good, man!
Wade: I need to go to a dentist soon, Im afraid
Wade: Havent been for ages :(
Andy: You should go asap, Wade
Andy: its always better to do the unpleasant stuff sooner
Andy: And to be done with it
Wade: Yeah, I know
Wade: I'll try to call and make an appointiment tomorrow
Andy: Good idea!
Hugh: Yeap! Fingers crossed!
Wade: thanks guys
Summary: Dr Smith took care of Hugh's toothache. Wade wants to make a dental appointment tomorrow.
Dialogue: Leopold: what do u think about Kate?
Elizabeth: I think she’s rather nice 😊 Why?
Leopold: I don’t know… I guess I find her a bit unsettling, that’s all…
Elizabeth: now I’m intrigued 😀 how so? 
Leopold: for starters: is it humanly possible to smile all the bloody time?
Elizabeth: wait, so you’re on edge because she SMILES?
Leopold: yes, and naturally at that! I mean with bloody crinkles about her eyes and all that! I think she might be a psychopath…
Elizabeth: and I think you’re overthinking it^^ it’s a bit suspicious, don’t you think? 😀
Leopold: forget I’ve said anything
Elizabeth: I won’t, you might be certain of it 😀
Summary: Elizabeth thinks Kate is nice but Leopold finds her unsettling. Leopold reckons Kate might be a psychopath because she smiles all the time. Elizabeth suggests he is acting suspiciously. 
Dialogue: Jerry: Hello. I just wanted to write and ask, what time is training tomorrow?
Larry: Training starts at 6:30.
Jerry: Ok, because there's no information on the website.
Larry: Yeah, I'm aware of the problem. There were some issues earlier today.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Larry: You're welcome. Don't forget your clothes for dryland training later on.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Summary: Larry answers Jerry that tomorrow's training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry to take his clothes for dryland training which takes place later on.
Dialogue: Josh: going to the pub to watch the game
Josh: wanna tag along?
Eric: can't today
Eric: got some work that I need to finish by tomorrow
Josh: oh well, have fun then :P
Summary: Eric can't watch the game with Josh, because he has to finish a project by tomorrow.
Dialogue: Kevin: Need a new phone
Kevin: what do you recommend?
James: Depends what you want
Kevin: anything other than the Iphone
James: thats still not enough info
Kevin: fine something good and fast
James: ehhh meet me at the mall and we'll go look at some phones
Kevin: when?
James: in 2 h?
Kevin: ok
Summary: Kevin needs a new phone and James will go with him to look at some phones at the mall in 2 hours.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: <file_photo>
Gabrielle: <file_photo>
Gabrielle: homemade bread :D
Anette: wooow!!! you perfect housewife! :D
Gabrielle: I took these pics before it disappeared lol
Anette: looks delicious :)
Gabrielle: it is! and super easy
Anette: it's amazing you find the time to do such things
Gabrielle: it takes like 4 minutes to put all ingredients together
Anette: really?
Gabrielle: then you have to let it rise a couple of hours and bake it
Anette: I have a great book about baking bread, I'll show you
Anette: it's in Spanish but I'm sure you'll understand
Gabrielle: awesome! cant wait! :)
Anette: I'll bring it on Monday
Gabrielle: thanks! I would bring you some bread... ;)
Anette: :) please send me that recipe I'll try to do this myself :)
Gabrielle: <file_photo>
Summary: Gabrielle has made some bread and is sharing some photos and the recipe will Anette. Anette will show her a Spanish book about making bread on Monday. She will also try the recipe.
Dialogue: Jason: Toxic main office now causing me problems!
Sally: Oh no!
Jason: They cost our office a 2.5 million relationship. I'm pissed. Just between us.
Sally: Well that was stupid! My lips are sealed.
Jason: The President is a moron.
Sally: Is he new?
Jason: They lost 7 employees from the main office since October. 35 years here. It's ridiculous.
Sally: Is he going through menopause or what?
Jason: LOL!
Summary: Jason's office lost a 2.5 million relationship and 7 employees since October.
Dialogue: Rowan: Hi there
Jo: Hey, are you joining us for lunch before the workshop?
Rowan: Sure! Where?
Jo: I was thinking of the Pret which is just next to the BL. Wait, there probs are plenty so I'll send you the location <file_location>
Rowan: Cool. What time?
Jo: I'd say 1 pm if that's ok for you
Rowan: Yeah sure
Jo: See you there and then. I can't wait to see you actually!
Rowan: Likewise pretty!
Jo: See you tomorrow then
Rowan: Cool. Toodles!
Jo: Byeee
Summary: Rowan is joining Jo for lunch tommorow at 1 pm at the Pret next to the BL.
Dialogue: Thom: hey you need my help with the dog?
Madison: oh hi, sorry I forgot to tell you
Madison: I won't bother you today
Madison: I have 2 meetings in the afternoon and the last one is in my neighborhood
Madison: so I won't go back to the office and I'll walk him
Thom: ok
Thom: let me know next time you need
Madison: thank you!
Summary: Madison no longer needs Thom's help with the dog today. Her last meeting takes place in her area so she can take care of the dog herself.
Dialogue: Samuel: hey, have you taken the algebra final exam?
Adam: just did
Samuel: really?
Adam: yeah, just walked out of the classroom
Samuel: i'm taking it in a couple of hours and haven't had any chance to study for it
Adam: it's not that hard, don't sweat it
Samuel: how many questions are there?
Adam: 15
Samuel: do you remember what they were?
Adam: not really
Samuel: you just took the exam!!! did you forget already?
Adam: you'll be asked to graph some equations using the quadratic formula...
Samuel: what else?!
Adam: there's also some absolute value inequalities
Samuel: are there exponentials?
Adam: yes
Samuel: oh no!!! I'm freaking out, i don't think i'm prepared to take it
Adam: calm down, you'll be fine
Samuel: i think i'll talk to the professor and see if i can take it next week
Adam: good luck with that
Summary: Adam has just taken the algebra final exam. There were 15 questions. They concerned quadratic formula, absolute value inequalities and exponentials. Samuel wants to take the exam next week.
Dialogue: Nicole: We have just picked up the car
Pamela: great, was it difficult?
Brenda: not really, just a bit long
Nicole: yes, they wanted 1000 documents
Brenda: and we had to pay a bit more since the driver is under 25
Pamela: I thought so, it's a standard procedure it seems
Brenda: Yes, they told me so
Brenda: So we're coming to pick you up!
Summary: Brenda and Nicole picked up the car. They higher fee for under-25 drivers. They are going to pick up Pamela.
Dialogue: Austin: Hey you, put channel 8 on
Darcy: why?
Austin: they play the new episode of Criminal Minds :D
Darcy: wohoo, thx man you're the best!
Darcy: <3<3<3
Summary: Austin tells Darcy to put Channel 8 on as they play the new episode of "Criminal Minds". 
Dialogue: Jeff: This is outrageous what they wrote in the New York Times
Jeff: have you seen the article?
Tony: no, what is it?
Jeff: look: <file_other>
Mary: how ugly of them
Mary: Americans...
Jeff: they called Guyana "a vast watery wilderness with only three paved highways"
Mary: and the paragraphs about children playing in mud, so colonial
Mart: very colonial and patronising
Jeff: but there's been a twitter storm since
Jeff: have you seen #LifeInTheWateryWilderness?
Mart: I don't have twitter
Mary: I'm looking at it right now
Mary: quite funny the reaction of people
Mary: but also obvious that they took umbrage at the article
Jeff: but the author said he's proud he spurred a debate
Tony: I actually agree with him, he was just sincere about this country
Tony: without the common hypocritical buttering up
Jeff: I think it's an orientalisig and patronising article
Tony: but he did it on purpose, to make us think!
Summary: New York Times wrote a controversial article about Guyana. The country was called a vast watery wilderness with only three paved highways. People are posting their reactions on twitter.
Dialogue: Allie: my wallet
Melody: what about it?
Allie: goneeee
Melody: u lost it yesterday, at Pike’s?
Allie: I gues soo
Melody: call him
Allie: I tried, still sleeping I think
Melody: sooo you need to wait im sure it is somewhere there
Allie: someone couldve taken it, so many strangers
Melody: don’t worry just wait for him to wake up
Summary: Allie lost her wallet. It may be at Pike's as Melody suggests. 
Dialogue: Lena: that new professor is the worst!
Lena: i mean, how can you give 5 pages of homework at the FIRST CLASS?
Brian: this sucks 😟
Brian: didn't even listen to him.
Brian: wait. what homework AHAHA
Lena: jeez
Lena: excercises on pages 12-16
Brian: he's psycho
Lena: agreed.
Brian: maybe he just tryna be tough
Brian: lets NOT do the homework and see what happens
Lena: do what you want I won't risk it
Brian: no pain no gain, no game - you're lame
Lena: this is a really nice poem, thanks! 😆😆
Brian: you're welcome 😚
Brian: anywaysss
Brian: see tou tomorrow at philosophy class
Lena: they want to kill us
Brian: be brave! we'll survive! I'll protect you!
Lena: my hero 😆😍
Brian: ekhm..
Brian: see you tomorrow 😉
Summary: Lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given. 
Dialogue: Alaina: Hey!:)
Alaina: Can I ask you something?
Jocelyn: sure, sup
Alaina: I need your advice: what would you do, if you got a gift that is too expensive.
Jocelyn: how expensive?
Alaina: VERY expensive
Alaina: Jerry bought me a PC.
Jocelyn: whoa
Jocelyn: THAT expensive
Jocelyn: idk, i think i wouldn't take it
Jocelyn: it's too, hmm, bonding
Alaina: I tried to explain this to him, but as a result he sulked. :/
Jocelyn: so maybe you should try to set a gift limit?
Alaina: hmm, that's a thought
Alaina: thanks :)
Summary: Alaina got a very expensive gift from Jerry. She asked Jocelyn if she should accept it. Jocelyn suggested setting a gift price limit.
Dialogue: Kamil: Hey
Thomas: Hey, what's up?
Kamil: I've been wondering if you want to go bowling tomorrow
Thomas: nice, who else is coming?
Kamil: me, Godek and Prosty with his girl
Thomas: Hmm...
Kamil: come on, it will be fun
Thomas: Well, ok!
Kamil: Great!
Thomas: one more thing
Kamil: Ye?
Thomas: Can I bring my girlfriend?
Kamil: Sure thing, more people more fun
Thomas: Good, when and where exactly are we going there?
Kamil: 8PM at the same place as the last time
Thomas: Ok, see you there
Kamil: See you!
Summary: Kamil, Thomas with his girlfriend, Godek and Prosty with his girl are going bowling tomorrow at 8 p.m. at the same place as the last time.
Dialogue: Finn: hey I need your help with something 
May: yeah sure what's up?
Finn: you know my band?
May: yeah
Finn: we play Friday but I ran into a problem 
May: ??
Finn: my car broke down and the show is 100 miles out of town
May: oh no when's the show??
Finn: this weekend
May: can you get it fixed in time?
Finn: no the guy said it take 2 weeks so I wanted to see if I could use your car for the weekend?
May: oh yes!! this is no problem!
Finn: thank you thank you would you like to come with us and watch the show? id love if you could come
May: yes I love too!! I work Friday night but I may be able to get out of it
Finn: yeah because we are thinking leaving Friday because the shows Saturday and Sunday night
May: Yeah! perfect! let me ask my friend if she can cover me 
Finn: aweseom! :)
May: but either way you can take the car its not a problem :)
Finn: thanks so much, and I hope you can come with us :) 
Summary: May will lend her car to Finn to drive to the concert. She will ask a colleague to cover for her on Friday.
Dialogue: Caroline: I'm on way...
Caroline: can u put my lunch box in the microwave? 
Jeff: kk, done :D
Caroline: <3
Summary: Caroline asks Jeff to warm up her lunch box in the microwave.
Dialogue: Joe: That was a good speech. Congrats!
Nick: Thanks. I'd been really stressed-out, though.
Joe: I guess no one noticed. In front of the 200-strong audience. That's a big WOW!
Nick: :-) I didn't see all those faces. I was so concentrated that nothing else existed.
Joe: Good job. Now relax, man :-)
Nick: I need that.
Summary: Nick has given a speech in front of 200 people. He was nervous, but, according to Joe, it was good.
Dialogue: Scarlett: hi there! You know whom Ive just met? You won't believe me.
Scarlett: Anna Smith, that famous actress! 
Rett: Oh wow! And what does she look like?
Scarlett: not as pretty as on tv;)
Sue: No wonder ;) they always make them look so mich better on tv!
Rett: definitely!
Scarlett: sure. And I guess she was followed by some paparazzis.
Scarlett: I felt like in a movie!
Susie: haha
Summary: Scarlett met Anna Smith, famous actress, who was followed by some paparazzis. Scarlett feelt like in a movie.
Dialogue: Jenny: Are you at the office?
Peter: Not yet, horrible traffic today
Mary: I've just entered
Summary: Mary has just entered the office. Peter is stuck in traffic and he hasn't got to it yet. 
Dialogue: James: hi! :) how's the move going?
James: have you unpacked already?
Shane: hi! :) it's frustrating, tiring and exciting in the same time :)
Shane: we haven't unpacked even one third of the boxes!
Shane: you'll have to wait for a housewarming ;)
Summary: Shane hasn't finished unpacking yet.
Dialogue: Bianca: heyyy, wanna meet up? like in the afternoon?
Alice: i was just leaving. i'm going to the mall. wanna join me?
Bianca: shit, i have something right now. but we can meet after that.
Alice: sure, so maybe catch me up then? :) we can go grab a coffee
Bianca: ok, i should be done at bout 3pm. should I call you when i'll be leaving?
Alice: Cool
Bianca: <file_gif>
Alice: where do you have the thing
Bianca: buy yourself smth nice in the mall :) downtown
Alice: ooooh
Bianca: bu that's ok, I can find you.
Alice: take a tram, will be quicker :)
Summary: Bianca and Alice are going to meet for a coffee at the mall at 3pm. 
