Dialogue: Jess: Daniel, you're kind of past the point when it's "you broke up with a girl, it's okay to be sad" and went straight into pathetic
Daniel: :(
Jess: Fuck it, we're going out this weekend
Daniel: can I go out in my pyjamas?
Jess: you sleep in pyjamas?
Daniel: yes.
Daniel: she gave them to me
Daniel: she was an angel
Jess: Daniel, she was a selfish chick who dumped you the minute she spotted someone with more money
Daniel: :(
Jess: stop stop stop
Jess: there's plenty of fish in the sea
Daniel: you think?
Jess: I KNOW
Jess: <file_photo>
Jess: come on you like boobs, right?
Jess: <file_photo>
Daniel: I do like boobs
Daniel: I like the second ones better
Jess: See? You can appreciate boobs. You're one step away from recovering
Daniel: I liked her boobs.
Jess: ...............
Summary: Daniel's ex-girlfriend broke up with him. Daniel is still depressed and in love with her. Jess wants to cheer Daniel up and take him out this weekend. 
Dialogue: Tommy: Jack, how are you doing? Are you going with us to Florence?
Jack: not amazing, being honest
Jack: I think I'll skip it
Alice: c'mon, is it still about the car?
Jack: yes, first the robbery, then the car
Jack: I'm quite depressed
Micky: but it's only money, after all
Jack: I think you can afford to say that when you have them
Jack: I really hoped to fix my life finally with this little savings that I made
Jack: and then these blows one after another
Jack: I can't stand it anymore
Jack: it almost doesn't make sense to even try
Tommy: you can't give up
Tommy: if you need any help, just let me know
Summary: Jack won't go to Florence with Tommy, Micky and Alice because of the financial problems. He was robbed and he had problems with his car, which made him depressed.
Dialogue: Norman: Hello. Are you open tonight?
Mr. Blackwell: Hello. Yes, we are. 
Norman: Great! Can I make a reservation?
Mr. Blackwell: Of course. What time would be suitable for you?
Norman: 7:30.
Mr. Blackwell: Very well. And can I take your name?
Norman: Norman Jackson.
Mr. Blackwell: Certainly. A table for two?
Norman: As a matter of fact, for 4.
Mr. Blackwell: Of course. Any preferences for your seating?
Norman: By the window if that's possible.
Mr. Blackwell: Certainly. I've reserved a table for 4 for 7:30 by the window.
Summary: Norman is booking a table for 4 for 7:30 by the window.
Dialogue: Thomas: well i hope you have some success :)
Thomas: I bought a car on Wednesday! :)
Geoff: you did what?
Geoff: like real one?
Geoff: for use in Ireland?
Geoff: why would you do that?
Thomas: just seemed like a good idea at the time
Thomas: 2004 Ford Focus 1.4
Thomas: I feel like driving and I need to get my licence and everything and get practice so that if I want a job where I can work on call like in service desk on-call role then I don't have any issues with doing that
Geoff: oh well
Geoff: why not - on plus side - that car will work in UK as good as it works in Ireland
Thomas: haha yeah I can take it to the UK and having driving licence will be helpful in future
Thomas: anyway I'm going to bed, work tomorrow. nice to chat, speak soon xoxoxoxoxoxox
Geoff: nn sweet prince
Summary: Thomas bought a 2004 Ford Focus 1.4 on Wednesday. He needs to get his licence and some practice to be able to work in service desk on-call role. The car works in the UK and in Ireland as well. 
Dialogue: Lucy: Its been too late, get back to home right now :/
Ian: I am on the way to home
Lucy: Hurry up!
Summary: Ian is on his way back home. Lucy hurries him up.
Dialogue: Brian: Scarlett, how are you today?
Scarlett: Better. Thanks.
Scarlett: I’m sorry I left you guys yesterday. 
Sophie: It’s ok. We're glad you’re feeling better.
Summary: Scarlett left Brian and Sophie yesterday. She is getting better today.
Dialogue: Lucy: What's an eight tract tape?
Arlo: A what?
Lucy: An eight tract tape! 
Lucy: Spotify keeps talking about it.
Arlo: Well, let me google that for you...
Lucy: Smartass...
Arlo: Well!
Arlo: It is exactly what it says. A cassette with a tape in it that has music recorded to eight tracks.
Lucy: Weird.
Arlo: They were popular in the 70's but replaced by cassette tapes.
Lucy: What's that?
Arlo: You are such a baby!
Lucy: Sorry!
Arlo: Another, smaller tape style way to listen to music.
Lucy: Oh. So they were sticky?
Arlo: No! God!
Arlo: <file_other>
Lucy: Oh, weird! You had to rewind?
Arlo: Yep.
Lucy: Much better now!
Arlo: Maybe... I miss the art and actually holding the music in your hand, but whatevs.
Arlo: And miss listening to a whole album, as intended.
Lucy: Mkay...whatever! 
Summary: Arlo googled what an 'eight-track tape' is. 
Dialogue: Tom: are you working in Tamgaly now?
Kai: yes, we are
Tom: and how is it?
Conor: just amazing, about 5000 petroglyphs
Tom: when were they discovered?
Emily: 1957 by an archeologist
Emily: but it's an amazing experience to work here with this Kazakh team
Conor: they're very friendly and hospitable
Conor: pity you didn't come with us
Tom: I know
Conor: how is your health?
Tom: better, I can stand again without any help :)
Emily: great!
Tom: I'm very happy
Tom: so we are!
Summary: Kai, Conor and Emily are working in Tamgaly with Kazakh team. There are about 5000 petroglyphs discovered by archeologist in 1957.
Dialogue: Ada: Hey, do you think you will be able to work on the report today?
Harmonie: Hey Ada! yes sure
Harmonie: I'll just finish the work on the file that Cynthia gave me
Ada: Ok no problem 
Ada: When you are ready let me know :)
Harmonie: 👍
Summary: Harmonie will work on the report for Ada today, after she finishes working on the file from Cynthia.
Dialogue: Zack: are you sure the exam is next week?
Theo: pretty sure, why?
Zack: I don't know
Zack: I was under the impression that our professor is on leave until the end of the month
Theo: maybe someone else will do it
Theo: I don't think they need him for a written exam
Zack: you might be right
Zack: but that means that we don't have much time left to study for it
Theo: don't worry
Theo: from what I heard it's not that difficult
Zack: who told you that?
Theo: my sister's friend took it last year
Theo: and she claims it was one of the easiest one
Zack: maybe for her
Zack: I'm still not confident about it
Theo: we'll see
Theo: there's no point in speculating
Theo: or worrying in advance
Summary: Zack and Theo are taking the exam next week.
Dialogue: Alan: I have reached the age I can't remember my password! 
Harry: getting older mate.. get used to it!
Alan: i used to be good at remembering
Nancy: join the club darling! haha!
Greg: consider 1 2 3 4 
Alan: not working!
Greg: date of birth?
Alan: not working either!
Summary: Alan has forgotten his password.
