Dialogue: Mary: Which islands would you recommend in the Azores?
Tim: Flores is the most beautiful, but quite remote 
Tomas: All of them are beautiful
Jenny: Terceira is nice, because the main town there is very cute
Mary: thanks :)
Summary: Tim thinks Flores is the most beautiful island in Azores. Jenny recommends Terceira. Tomas thinks all the Azores islands are beautiful.
Dialogue: Bernie: You there?
Lisa: I sure am. What's up?
Bernie: Just checking. Have fun!
Lisa: I intend to!
Summary: Bernie checks on Lisa.
Dialogue: Taylor: John 
Josh: John 
John: what what
Josh: Why you're not in class? 
Taylor: She's taking attendance
Josh: I am here
Taylor: Where? 
Josh: The other end of the class xd
Summary: Taylor and Josh are worried that John is absent. In fact, John is sitting in the other end of the classroom.
Dialogue: Alex: Hey, ciao!
Alex: You're there?
Layla: Sorry, I'm busy at the moment.
Alex: No problem!
Layla: Hey, hey, now I'm free, sorry got loads of papers to review. What's up?
Alex: Same here. I wish I could be somewhere else. In the end you can read papers anywhere in the world.
Layla: I know what you mean. I'm so fed up with this weather.
Alex: Wait, let me just check one thing.
Layla: OK
Alex: There is a cheap flight to Athens, what do you think?
Layla: How cheap?
Alex: 120 £ return ticket. Friday to Tuesday. Are you up for this?
Layla: You know you're crazy!
Alex: Come on, you said you didn't have plans for the weekend.
Layla: Well, that's true.
Alex: Come on! We can work in a bar and have walks in the afternoon. Besides, it's low season so it's we're not gonna spend much.
Layla: Well, I don't know, what about the accommodation?
Alex: Wait, I'll check on Booking.com.... Well, it's super cheap! 40 euro per night, quite close to the centre.
Layla: What's the name of the place?
Alex: Psyri hotel.
Layla: Let me check it.
Alex: And you know what, now it's 20 degrees!
Layla: Well, the place looks nice and cozy...
Alex: Are you in?
Layla: Okay, okay - I'll book the hotel and you the tickets, alright?
Alex: Great, I'm so excited!
Summary: Alexa and Layla are going to Athens for the weekend. Alex found a cheap flight Friday to Tuesday and Layla'll book a hotel on Booking. They'll work in a bar and then sightsee.
Dialogue: Tom: How are you today?
Jenny: I'm fine, already at the office
Mia: Me too!
Tom: Great, I was afraid it could be difficult after last night
Summary: Jenny and Mia are feeling fine after last night.
Dialogue: Mia: 8pm in front of the church?
John: I won't manage that. 8.30?
Mia: ok! 
John: good, see you there
Mia: see you
Summary: Mia and John will meet at 8:30 PM in front of the church.
Dialogue: Hannah: Hello, how many spares do you have? Tbh I'd need a few. I don't have anything in exchange sadly, but I could just pay :) :) :)
Kate: I have one to give away, peace lilly. It is easy to split up. You can make 3 out of one easily, they grow fast. I don't need anything in exchange.
Hannah: Aaww... that's sweet thank you
Hannah: How can I get it? Where and when would be themost suitable?
Kate: green street 15. I'm on maternal, at home, so it is fine anytime.
Hannah: Is the plant in the pot already? I think I live pretty close - Grand Square
Kate: yeah, it's in a plastic pot
Hannah: (Y)
Hannah: Could I come tomorrow at around 12:00?
Kate: Sure, it's fine.
Hannah: I will write to you :D
Hannah: Hi, im a bit delayed, I will be in an hour
Kate: OK
Hannah: is it just 15, or A B C?
Kate: just 15 next to the Green Smoothie Bar, flat 9
Hannah: Alright, im gonna look for it 8-)
Summary: Hannah will pick one peace lily from Kate at Green Street 15 flat 9 tomorrow at 12. Kate is on maternal and her place is located next to the Green Smoothie Bar.
Dialogue: Rhett: Can you please check if Dr. King will see me this week?
Harriet: sure
Harriet: what happened?
Rhett: I threw my back out
Harriet: ok I'll see when he can see you asap
Rhett: thanks 
Rhett: oh and you could also check if the dentist will see me
Harriet: ok but I assume after Dr. King
Rhett: naturally
Harriet: ok I think I should get back to you in an hour or so
Harriet: do you need anything else
Rhett: no that will be all
Summary: Rhett wants to make an appointment with Dr. King and with the dentist. Harriet will check if they can see her this week. 
Dialogue: Hailey: heyoooo, I got an important question for you
Peter: hi, listening
Hailey: are you doing anything on Sunday?
Peter: I guess not. Why are you asking?
Hailey: cool, causei'm throwing a house-warming party and wanted you to come :D
Peter: coooooool, Sunday you say?
Hailey: Yes. In the evening I guess, a lot of fun, a lot of alcohol, party hard as we like 
Peter: then I can't say no xD I hope I'll come home under my own steam xDdd
Hailey: Don't worry, there are many beds to take a nap here :D
Peter: You're talking about a nap, I'm considering dying from intoxication...:'D
Hailey: Don't you piss me off xD Just come and have fun
Peter: Ok xDDD Just let me know about the details soon
Summary: Hailey invites Peter for a house-warming part on Sunday evening. He's planning to get drunk.
Dialogue: Chloe: Call Ethan to return my Guitar, I am out of credit. Been waiting for her text for half an hour
Daniel: He is with me and he dont have his phone right now. I have shown him your texts
Chloe: Ask him to bring it back ASAP
Summary: Chloe needs Daniel to ask Ethan to bring back her guitar at the earliest.
Dialogue: Olga: How did the concert go?
Adam: It was incredible :D
Asia: It really was, once in a lifetime experience
Olga: Too bad I missed it :/
Adam: You said yourself that you aren't too much of a fan of his music :p
Olga: Well true, but everyone is saying that it was great :)
Asia: I am sure being back home is also cool
Olga: True, I haven't been for quite some time. Did he play his newer songs or?
Asia: I was afraid of that, but he mostly played older songs
Adam: 3 new ones, 3-4 from The Wings and the rest was oldies ;)
Asia: It started out quite slowly, he even seemed sad at the start, but the second part was amazing
Adam: And everyone was sitting, we were the youngest in our row haha
Olga: Haha, well he isn't the youngest himself :D
Asia: 75, same age as my grandpa
Adam: And I can't imagine your grandpa jumping around like that ;)
Asia: I can barely imagine him getting up from his sofa haha
Adam: I also loved that joke with Saiko, it was so British :D
Asia: The guy followed him all they way from Japan, he deserved some recognition :p
Adam: You are saiko man hahaha
Olga: What does it mean?
Asia: Saiko according to him means awesome in Japanese, so he called the guy saiko :D
Summary: Adam and Asia went to a concert. Olga didn't go as she is back home. Olga is not a big fan of his music but regrets not going to the concert. He played mostly his old songs and several new ones. He is 75. A man came to the concert from Japan. He made a joke about it. 
Dialogue: Jade: Hi, If you want tickets to "Pirates of Penzance" I will gladly buy you some and deliver them at Swimming.
Jade: The show is on the 12th, 13th, 14th and 15th July at 7pm.
Millie: Can I get 3 tickets?
Millie: How much do they cost??
Jade: Sure ;) They're £4.50 per ticket
Millie: Ok, thanks :)
Millie: How's preparations going?
Jade: Pretty well :) We got our costumes yesterday so it was pretty cool seeing everyone all dressed up
Jade: <file_photo>
Millie: Wow! They look amazing! 
Jade: I know ;) They're pretty heavy thoguh
Summary: Jade is buying tickets for "Pirates of Penzance". Millie wants Jade to buy her 3 tickets as well. They cost GBP 4.50 each.
Dialogue: Martin: <file_other>
Suzie: hiya, thanks. Beautiful! do you happen to know how much?
Martin: hola - 2200 plus bills 100 per month plus 160 for upc (tv and internet) plus deposit 2200
Suzie: :-O
Martin: I fucking laughed my socks off when i heard that :'-D :-O
Suzie: Exactly
Martin: hell no. and the argument that it is close to the centre doesn't really convince me... :'-D
Suzie: i prefer to rent a room in the outskirts and save the rest for my own flat
Martin: and travel on the citizen card. hey let's grab a coffe or somethin
Suzie: i travel with an open app and buy a ticket when there's a control :D haha
Suzie: yes we can, are you still in da city? when are those premieres?
Martin: yeah still here :D its in a moth, babe! :D
Suzie: get me a ticket :P
Martin: we'll see. I thought we could go now to the national, tosca, carmen etc
Suzie: when?
Summary: Martin found details of a residence which he feels is overpriced. Martin invites Suzie for a coffee as he is still in the city. 
