Dialogue: Kevin: hey 
Stan: yo! what are you up to
Kevin: nothing really, wanna hangout
Stan: sure, let's wait for Tim
Kevin: ok but you know it may take ages
Tim: hi there, stop talking about me, wanna to the movies?
Stan: excellent idea my friend
Kevin: agreed!!
Summary: Kevin, Stan and Tim are going to the movies.
Dialogue: Amanda: We were at a Christmas Market today. Toby loved it! <file_photo> 
Flora: Aww, what a cutie!
Elena: Did you guys meet Santa?
Amanda: Yes, but it didn't go very well. Toby was scared of him :D <file_photo> 
Flora: Haha, he looks as if Santa was trying to murder him!
Elena: Daddy looks happy though!
Amanda: LOL, yes, daddy had a lot of fun today. I'm not sure which one of my boys is happier now :D
Elena: I bet you're as tired as they're happy ;)
Amanda: I'm exhausted! But it was worth it, you know?
Flora: Did you buy something nice?
Amanda: Lots of sweets and some Christmas decorations.
Flora: Cool!
Amanda: And they had this cool castle with artificial snow falling down all the time. Look! <file_video>
Elena: Wow, it's really beautiful. 
Flora: Looks kind of like the ice castle from “Frozen”.
Amanda: Yeah, I thought about it too when I saw it!
Summary: Amanda was at a Christmas Market today with Toby and her husband. Her husband loved it, but Toby was scared of Santa. They bought sweets and Christmas decorations and filmed a castle with artificial snow.
Dialogue: Paul: need a hammer
Paul: a big one
Paul: mine is to small
Paul: do u have one?
Carlos: not really
Carlos: but I think Derek have
Carlos: ask him
Paul: ok, thx
Summary: Paul needs a big hammer. Derek might have one. 
Dialogue: Madison: Hey Will, what are you and Trina doing on Saturday?
William: We wanted to go for a walk and see the illumination
Madison: Oooh, it's this Saturday??
William: Yes, wanna come too?
Madison: I was just about to propose a movie night but we could do both
William: Sounds great, double date?
Madison: Triple date, Josh and Hannah are free too, is that all right?
William: Sure, the more the merrier :)
Madison: What time do you wanna meet?
William: 5? It's dark at 4 already but 5 might be better
Madison: Great I will let everyone know
William: <file_photo>
Madison: woow, is that from last year?
William: Yep. I love the illumination
Summary: William and Trina are going to see the illumination on Saturday. Madison will join them with a partner and so will Josh and Hannah. They will meet at 5.
Dialogue: Alexa: My dear Linda, I am back at home!
Linda: Very good! And how do you feel?
Alexa: A bit jet-lagged of course but happy to be at home. This time it was much too long to be away.
Linda: But your photos were fantastic, so it wasn't that bad ;)
Alexa: Shall we talk on the phone some time at the weekend?
Linda: Absolutely! Anytime on Saturday or Sunday. Shall call you?
Alexa: Yes, please.
Linda: Now have a good night's sleep after that long flight. Love!
Alexa: :*
Summary: Linda will call Alexa over the weekend for a catch up chat. 
Dialogue: Cosmo: Hi...
Anna: Do I know you?
Cosmo: I've been watching your fb and instagram profiles for a while... would you like to meet me?
Anna: I don't even know you!
Cosmo: I find you're very attractive, saw your legs and ass on your pictures
Anna: It is with the utmost satisfaction that I'm clicking on the "block" button. Farewell, creep!
Summary: Anna blocks Cosmo as he gets creepy.
Dialogue: Missy: how was the party last nite
Kelsey: not much of a party. Twas like 10 ppl and mnly talking
Saige: yeah, midweek is no good for parties
Missy: i guess nothin 2 regret
Kelsey: I mean it was kinda cool to have a chat and all but that's it
Saige: exactly. Two beers and cab home lol
Missy: my bday party gotta be better then
Kelsey: its always better than anyting
Summary: Kelsey and Saige went to a meeting last night. It was midweek. There were around 10 people there, who were mainly talking to each other. Missy is planning a birthday party.
Dialogue: Mary: That’s great news! I’m so happy that you’re coming home! Would you like to say over at your parents’ house?
Josh: Don’t no yet. Probably I’ll stay at the hotel close to the city center. My parents live an hour from the city…
Mary: Sure, we should meet when you come. 
Josh: Of course! 
Mary: Call me when you’re in London. I don’t have any plans for the weekend
Josh: Do you want to meet at Gary’s?
Mary: Yes, that’s our favorite pub 😊
Mary: Maybe John and Lucy can join us
Josh: Perfect 😊
Mary: I’ll call them today
Josh: <file_gif>
Mary: <file_gif>
Josh: 😊
Summary: Josh is coming to London. He is going to stay at a hotel. He is going to meet Mary at Gary's pub on the weekend. Mary is going to invite John and Lucy as well.
Dialogue: Anna: Hey, I’d like to invite you over to my place for movie night & food tonight :) Everybody good with 8pm?
Liz: Yaaay! Are we cooking or ordering?
Anna: Whatever you guys prefer, I don’t mind cooking
Liz: Sweet, let’s cook something? Some pasta maybe? I can come early and help you :)
Anna: Alright, perfect :)
Aretha: I’m totally in! What are we watching?
Liz: Horror movie?
Anna: Nooo I hate horror movies! How about something nice and smart?
Aretha: Like a drama? Sounds good to me ;)
Karen: Yes for drama, yes for pasta!
Liz: Awesome, everybody’s on board! Has anybody seen Lady Bird?
Anna: No, but I hear it’s super good
Karen: Good!
Aretha: Yeah it’s been on my list for a while! Let’s do this!
Liz: Last question, what are we drinking? Wine?
Anna: I’ll get some wine :) 
Liz: We’re doing white or red?
Anna: I’ll get both, no worries :)
Aretha: I can’t wait!
Liz: <file_gif>
Summary: Anna has invited them for 8 pm to come over for dinner and watch "Lady Bird". Liz will come earlier and help prepare the pasta. Anna will buy both red and white wine.
Dialogue: Donna: I gotta go check out this movie
Bruce: What movie?
Donna: Venom, you know new superhero one
Bruce: With Tom Hardy?
Donna: Exactly, I've been waiting so, so long for it
Bruce: Really? What do you girls see in him?
Donna: In this actor? I am not going to see this movie for him, come on:D
Bruce: Yeah right, it's like saying that when Charlize Theron is on the screen it is completely irrelevant for men's attitude towards the movie:D
Donna: hahahah what are you talking about:D I just really like Marvel stories
Bruce: Oh I do to, I'm just teasing you babe
Donna: You wanna go with me?
Bruce: On a date to watch some handsome dude?
Donna: Oh just stop it finally:D
Bruce: hahaha sure I'll go with ya, probably there is gonna be some pretty lady there too, I'll be fine
Donna: OMG one more word:D:D 
Summary: Donna is eager to see the new superhero movie Venom with Tom Hardy. Bruce is surprised as to what girls see in this actor. Donna wants to see the film because she likes Marvel stories. She suggests that Bruce joins her. 
Dialogue: Jennifer: Girls, let's decide where we're going to have our "girls' holidays"
Amalia: we need: hot men, beaches and cheap alcohol
Amalia: I don't have other needs 
Michel: hahah, but also not to expensive, we'll be wasted all the time anyways :P
Theresa: ok, I'll check the cheapest flights to the South in April 
Theresa: what about Malta?
Jennifer: I'd go for the safest party choice
Amalia: which is?
Jennifer: Ibiza/Canaries
Theresa: Ibiza is horrible, I really disliked the place
Jennifer: so what about Tenerife?
Theresa: we can try, seems nice
Theresa: 1-14 April?
Jennifer: I can stay only till 10th, but I can leave you a bit earlier
Theresa: ok, I'll check the prices and let you know
Summary: Theresa, Jennifer and Amalia are most likely going to Tenerife between 1-14 April for their "girls holidays". Theresa is going to check the prices for Tenerife. Malta is not safe enough. Theresa didn't like Ibiza or Canarie Islands.
Dialogue: Yuval: Guys I think I have haemorrhoids 
Riki: Eew! 
Omer: Is it painful?
Yuval: Not really. But I feel strange polyps when I touch my anus. 
Yuval: I thought only old people have haemorrhoids 
Omer: Maybe you should go to a doctor
Riki: This is disgusting. You should keep it for yourself!
Summary: Yuval thinks he might have haemorrhoids.
Dialogue: Olivier: Yo , how are U?
Pierre: yes and U?
Olivier: ok
Pierre: new number?
Olivier: yep
Pierre: ready for a skype this week end?
Olivier: I can't. I 'll go away with my parents
Pierre: no problem. Ciao
Summary: Olivier is leaving with his parents this weekend, so he can't skype with Pierre.
Dialogue: Joey: <file_gif>
Heather: hahahaha
Betty: I've seen it :D
Jodie: L O L
Dennis: hahaha made my day
Summary: Joey sent a funny gif. 
Dialogue: Nancy: Mary, do you know where mom is?
Mary: I have no idea.
Mary: Why do you ask?
Nancy: I have an important question for her.
Summary: Nancy is looking for mom, because she has an important question for her.
Dialogue: Carol: Hello my dear, how's your summer this year? One hears about awful heat waves in Australia.
Resa: Not so bad here! Maybe slightly warmer than average but rarely above 30. Very pleasant indeed.
Resa: If you were staying with us, I image you'd be in the pool all the time.
Carol: Sure I would. Are you?
Resa: No. You know me.
Resa: Bill saw the ENT doc today. He will have an MRI scan soon to determine if he has growths on the ear nerves.
Carol: What?! What does it mean?
Carol: Any suspicion of spreading????
Resa: No, the doc says these are usually benign.
Carol: Thank goodness for that.
Resa: And slow growing, but the damage to the nerve is the issue.
Carol: Has he got any hearing problems?
Resa: I'm frustrated because everything Bill has suffered from, I've asked him to seek medical attention and he's declined. So he's suffering now (and am I) from lack of preventive care.
Carol: Typical male. Thomas is not different.
Carol: Of course the partner suffers along, sometimes even more.
Resa: So true...
Resa: It's bad Carol. We cannot hold a decent conversation. He can no longer watch television.
Carol: That really sounds awful. So sorry for you.
Carol: And what about hearing aids? Also refused??
Carol: But he loved television so much!
Resa: Another challenge to deal with.
Resa: Hearing aid will come once the cause of deafness is diagnosed.
Carol: My mother in law had a pair of earplugs connected to the TV set via Bluetooth, so she could walk around her room and still hear tv.
Carol: I mean the technology is there to grab it.
Resa: Yes, that's  a fantastic option.
Resa: We'll go that route soon I'm sure.
Carol: You are a very brave and strong woman Theresa!
Resa: Thank you dear. I know I'm strong. And that keeps us both going.
Carol: Lucky Bill to have you!
Summary: There are heatwaves in Australia. It's over 30 degrees where Resa stays. Bill will have an MRI scan soon. He declined to look for medical help before. Bill can't hear properly.
Dialogue: Bill: Maybe try this one <file_other>
Nate: Nah, the indoors are too modern.
Bill: Is there a restaurant they'll like?
Nate: Probably an old-fashioned one with traditional food.
Bill: I don't think we have such places here.
Nate: Me neither.
Summary: They probably like an old-fashioned restaurant with traditional food. There is no such place in the city.
Dialogue: Carmen: Hi Diego, hello Tom. I wanted to introduce you to each other. Diego is a researcher at the University of Salamanca. He works on mid-century queer history. Tom is currently preparing his PhD. He's looking into lives of non-heteronormative individuals during Franco regime. He will be coming to Salamanca for his research. 
Diego: Hi Tom. Nice meeting you. I'm here in Salamanca. I'd be happy to hear more about your fascinating research. 
Tom: Hello Diego! I'm looking forward to meeting you. I've read your recent paper.
Diego: Which one?
Tom: The one about Spanish force units....
Diego: Ah that one! And what do you think?
Tom: It's very inspiring and relevant for my own work.
Diego: I'm glad to hear that.
Tom: If possible I'd like to talk about your methodology when we meet.
Diego: Sure! When are you coming to Salamanca?
Tom: Next month.
Diego: I'll be looking forward to meeting you!
Tom: Me too.
Summary: Carmen is introducing Diego and Tom. Diego is a researcher at the University of Salamanca, and is interested in Tom work on Spanish force units. They are meeting up in Salamanca next month.
Dialogue: Taylor: Will you watch Ben10 tonight?
Owen: I would not be at home tonight
Taylor: Oh :/
Summary: Owen will not watch Ben10 tonight, as he will not be at home.
Dialogue: Violet: The evening was so nice!
Tabitha: that's true
Scarlett: and the pizza there was just amazing, the best in town I'd say
Benjamin: it is!
Violet: thanks Benjamin for organising it
Benjamin: was not easy, hahaha
Violet: I know!
Summary: Violet, Tabitha, Scarlett and Benjamin had a nice evening. Benjamin organized it. 
Dialogue: Kate: Someone beat up Peter!
Harry: What?! When?!
Kate: We're on our way to the hospital
Peter: I'm with Kate. Someone attacked him on his way back from work
Harry: Is it serious? Is he already at the hospital?
Kate: Yes, we're going to meet Julia, she's already there
Peter: Don't know how serious it is, he was attacked in the park
Harry: Damn, I told him so many times not to go there :/
Julia: Peter has a broken arm and a light concussion, I'm in the hall
Kate: Should be there in 10 sweetie, hang in there
Summary: Peter has been attacked in a park and has a broken arm and a concussion. Julia is already at the hospital. Kate will be there in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Jude: Hi sister! Am on the train now. You know what? I've forgotten my reading glasses on the table.
Bora: Typical! You can always get a pair of glasses at any supermarket. Maybe even at the airport?
Jude: Am a bit annoyed with myself. I had ample time at home. Just didn't go around.
Jude: Yes, I'll buy a pair at the airport. Till later!
Bora: Take care!
Summary: Jude has left his reading glasses on the table. He will buy a pair at the airport.
Dialogue: David: Hey, may I have one delicate question?
May: Oh hi!
May: Of course you can, shoot
David: How was your flight to Japan?
May: Great, why are you asking?
David: I'd like to go to the US, but the flight's so long and I'm kind of afraid of flying
David: Mike told me that you're as well so I thought I may ask you for some advice how to survive a long flight. I was reading different articles online, but I'd rather talk with someone I know
May: Sure thing! Well, the flight was amazing, I was really scared before, but then it was really all right. The plane was big, there was a huge variety of films and even games and ebooks.
David: How long was the flight?
May: To Tokyo 9 hours and 11 on our way back.
David: Whoah, that's long...
May: I know, but I really didn't notice when we landed. It was worse on the way back, because you know I wasn't so excited to go back and it was slightly longer
May: I watched like three films, slept a little, had dinner and there we were. If you're really scared you can always take some calming pills, they always help me
David: Which ones are you taking?
May: I always stick to the natural ones with valerian, I buy different ones, it doesn't matter as long as they're natural. I wouldn't take something strong or chemical
David: Ok, thank you so much May!
May: No problem, enjoy your trip and send me some pictures ;)
Summary: David wants to go to the US, but he's afraid of flying. May tells him about her journey to Japan. She gives David some tips how to survive a long flight.
Dialogue: Sid: Wanna catch a movie?
Annie: sure what do you have in mind?
Sid; the Aquaman? :D
Annie: haha isn't it a bit childish
Sid: noooooo I mean yes but it's the highest grossing movie this week
Annie: seriously?
Sid: yeah?
Annie: okay let's see what the fuss is all about
Summary: Sid and Annie are going to watch Aquaman, highest grossing movie this week.
Dialogue: Alexis: Guys, do you remember Codrington, where we spent the amazing summer 1999?
Joan: Sure, how could I forget?
Alexis: I just discovered that the town is empty, all people moved to Antigua
Joan: what?! what happened?
Heather: Yes, I read about it. The hurricane Irma in 2017 was so devastating that they evacuated the whole town, and it's remained empty since
Joan: so sad!
Alexis: very. 95% of the island was destroyed apparently
Alexis: so the government of Antigua and Barbuda evacuated the population to the main island leaving Barbuda empty for the first time in modern history
Joan: I'm wondering what happened to that lovely lady that hosted us
Alexis: me too
Summary: Alexis, Joan and Heather were in Codrington in the summer of 1999. The town is empty, because the hurricane Irma devastated it in 2017. All the people had to flee to Antigua.
Dialogue: Ruby: It is Our Lord Jesus Christ who is the Way, the Truth and the Life.
Ruby: When you believe God, you are saved.
Elyssa: I feel really uncomfortable now.
Elyssa: Please stop sending me the text like this
Elyssa: Your missionary text makes me uncomfortable.
Ruby: If you felt uncomfortable I am sorry.
Ruby: I will send you only the bible verses from now on. 
Elyssa: Please don’t.
Elyssa: I hope you get what I mean. Please don’t contact me anymore.
Summary: Elyssa does not want to receive religious messages from Ruby anymore.
Dialogue: Ben: Should we talk to her about the plan?
Bill: Sure, but I would wait till the last day.
Dominic: I agree with Bill, I just don't trust her
Ben: But quitting together at the same time from day to day may kill this business 
Bill: Wasn't that the point? Has she every respected us?
Dominic: if we tell her now, she will fire us anyway, but not in the convenient moment. you know I need money for the instalment 
Ben: Sure, maybe you are right 
Ben: I know she's a bitch, but I pity her a bit, she doesn't know how troubled she's going to be without us
Bill: She had too many chances to show some basic respect
Summary: Ben, Bill and Dominic will wait with talking to her about the plan till the last day, so she doesn't fire them in an inconvenient moment. Dominic doesn't trust her and needs money for the instalment.
Dialogue: Brad: Beer tonight??
Sam: Good idea
Theo: Sure %) %) %) 
Summary: Brad, Sam and Theo will go for a beer tonight.
Dialogue: Anthony: Has anybody read The picture of Dorian Gray?
Donald: sure, who hasn't?
Mark: but it's an overrated book
Mark: I really dislike his style
Donald: but isn't it beginning of camp?
Anthony: I think it is, that's why I need to read it for my art project
Anthony: does anybody have the book
Mark: I can lend it to you
Anthony: perfect!
Summary: Mark dislikes The Picture of Dorian Gray. Anthony needs to read it for an art project. Mark will lend the book to Anthony.
Dialogue: Mom: remember about your doctor appointment
Son: when is it?
Mom: tomorrrow, 5 pm
Son: thanks, mom!
Summary: Son has a doctor appointment tomorrow at 5 pm.
Dialogue: Mark: <file_other>
Mark: Dear Julie, @Johnson, we are now urgently searching for Polish Translators for a 6 months internal assignment (either freelance or interim). 
Mark: I saw your profile and I think this could be a fit with what you are  searching
Mark: Here is the link to the ad we published  <file_other>
Mark: Let me know if you are interested.
Julie: Dear Mark, thank you for your interest in my candidacy for the position of Polish Translator. Please find my CV attached. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Mark: Dear Julie, I would like to have a quick call with you to discuss this.
Mark: Here are some open slots for me to call you:
Mark: 1/3: 9h30 – 11h00; 5/3: 12h00, 13h00; 6/3: 9h00 – 10h00
Julie: Dear Mark, I will be available tomorrow from 15h00 – 17h00 CET.
Mark: Dear Julie, I propose to call you tomorrow Thu 1/3 at 15h00 CET. Is it ok with you?
Mark: The call will take max 30 min
Julie: Ok, 15h00 CET is fine with me. Thank you.
Mark: Perfect, I’ll call you then.
Mark: Bye!
Julie: Bye!
Mark: Dear Julie, I just tried to call you now-sorry if I have disturbed. In fact, I would like to replace the phone call to this afternoon with a videoconference, so that I can invite other colleagues and decide faster. 
Mark: Is it OK for you (you just need a laptop or a smartphone to connect).
Julie: Yes, of course, no problem 
Mark: Thank you.
Julie: Thank you, too
Summary: Mark's company urgently needs a Polish Translator for a six-month-long internal assignment. Julie agrees to an improvised video conference with Mark and his colleagues.
Dialogue: Bonnie: Did you hear? Your brother is going to Vegas alone.
Branden: Yep. So?
Bonnie: I wish he'd find a girl.
Branden: None of my business.
Bonnie: He's just so lonely.
Branden: I think he's happy.
Bonnie: I don't think so.
Branden: How would you know?
Bonnie: A mom knows! Never mind...
Branden: Stay out of it!
Summary: Branden's lonely brother is going to Las Vegas alone and Bonnie wishes he would find a girlfriend there. Branden advices Bonnie to keep out of this.
Dialogue: Steve: Was the technician already there?
Aria: Nope... still waiting
Steve: OK, let me know
Aria: <file_gif>
Summary: Aria is waiting for the technician. Steve wants to know when he arrives.
Dialogue: Ian: where u at
Adam: almost there, u?
Ian: im at the gate waiting for
Adam: just a couple of mins
Ian: okay im waitin'
Summary: Ian waits for Adam, who will show up in a couple of minutes.
Dialogue: Elena: What was the title of the essay that we wrote in class?
Blake: The one on ideology?
Elena: no
Elena: er...
Elena: the one we wrote last Friday
Blake: I don't remember
Elena: could you check?
Blake: What was the impact of superpowers on economy and society in cuba
Elena: thanks!!!
Summary: Elena cannot remember the title of the essay they wrote in class last Friday and Blake finds it out for her. It was "What was the impact of superpowers on economy and society in Cuba?"
Dialogue: Wacky: Hello Mona, just wanted to remind you about the club meeting at 6 pm on Monday.
Mona: Hi Wacky, thank you but I haven't forgotten.
Wacky: And you'll bring the slides.
Mona: Of course I will.
Wacky: Then everything is ok. CU
Summary: Wacky and Mona are going to the club meeting at 6 pm on Monday. Mona will bring the slides.
Dialogue: Frank: Mike, I'm glad you didn't risk it.
Mathew: Exactly, the police was there.
Michael: Wow, I didn't see them.
Frank: Next time you have to keep your ears open.
Summary: The police could have caught Michael if he did something illegal.
Dialogue: Mary: can you do some groceries on the way home??
Charles: why me again? I am so tired
Mary: please, i will make it up for you...
Charles: ok, what do we need?
Mary: which store will you go to?
Charles: why does that matter?
Mary: it doesn't... ok just get something for breakfast and supper, you know, bread, some cheese, ham maybe
Charles: want me to make pancakes today?
Mary: Yes!!! <3
Charles: <file_gif>
Summary: Charles will buy something for breakfast and supper for Mary on his way home. He will also make pancakes today. 
Dialogue: Bob: Dear friends! For those who don’t know, Nancy and I are moving to Spain. We off in a week! 
Kelly: good luck! X
Joanna: all the best! keep posting!
Kim: Congratulations.. I guess ;)
Emma: Wow! Sounds like constant holiday!
Jo: keep us updated! good luck guys!
Andy: can't wait to visit! ;)
Bob: you're more than welcome to visit ;)
Andy: cheers mate! hope the move goes well
Helen: How exciting! oh, i wish you could take me with you!
Steven: enjoy your new life! we're gonna miss you! 
Marisa: looking forward to hearing all about it! x 
Summary: They wish good luck to Bob and Nancy, who are moving to Spain in a week.
Dialogue: Javier: Just finished the first 20 lines of code. Took me a while but it's done.
Sergio: Nice! Paul also finished his ones so now we can start making the base of the program.
Javier: Wanna meet at the library and start working asap?
Sergio: That's a good idea, we don't have a lot of time.
Summary: Javier and Paul have both finished their lines of code. Javier and Sergio will meet in the library soon to start making the base of the program. 
Dialogue: Billy: I need new suitcase
Tom: why? 
Tom: your old one is not so bad 
Billy: I have won a cruise in a lottery 
Billy: and I can't go there with an old one 
Tom: I see 
Tom: I will help you in research 
Summary: Billy has won a cruise and wants to buy a new suitcase.
Dialogue: Otto: Hey, should I wait at the reception desk in case someone doesn’t know where room 456 is?
Vincent: Yeah, that’s a good idea
Jodie: Splendid idea
Otto: Cool. See you guys at 10
Jodie: xx
Summary: Otto will wait at the reception desk to show the way to room 456. He'll meet Jodie and Vincent at 10.
Dialogue: Ben: Hi, uncle, it's Ben.
Uncle: Hi Ben. How're you?
Ben: I am fine, and you.
Uncle: I am all right. Anything happen?
Ben: No, nothing.
Ben: Just wanna make sure you'll come.
Uncle: What d'you mean? Come to your place?
Ben: So, you don't remember.
Uncle: Of course, I do. It is...
Ben: My birthday, Uncle.
Uncle: Of course, it is=)
Ben: You forgot, didn't you?
Uncle: maybe a little:)
Ben: But you'll remember now?
Uncle: Of course, I will.
Uncle: Will have a little something for you too=)
Summary: It's Ben's birthday. His uncle forgot a little, but he will come to Ben's place and will have a little something for Ben. 
Dialogue: Father: Hi Brian, could you pick up Danny on your way to FR? Say at 15:45?
Father: I've tried to call you but your phone is offline or something.
Brian: Hi dad, I was jogging. Didn't get calls. Sure we'll pick her up.
Summary: Brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call. At his dad's request, Brian will pick up Danny around 3.45 pm on his way to FR.
Dialogue: Clare: has anyone got any ideas what is happening with the busses right now???
Bethany: there just aren't any
Clare: it definitely looks that way!! 
Susan: I think nr 56 has been stopped altogether, number 28 goes the long way around Bartons Gate and across the flyover and nr 2 does its normal route but at different times than before. that's how I deciphered the leaflet at least!
Clare: right ok, that's really helpful, thanks Sue. 
Bethany: What about the prices though, have they gone up as well? I saw something in the evening post?
Clare: they are going up next month I believe
Susan: that's right, on the 11th.
Bethany: lots of changes then eh?
Clare: and not for the better by the sounds, we will have to wait and see.
Summary: The bus timetable has changed. The prices will go up next month.
Dialogue: Lucy: Hi son
Gary: Hi mum
Lucy: How are you doing today
Gary: Not in the best mood, Mum. 
Lucy: Oh? Why's that?
Gary: I really felt like hitting this bloke earlier. He was in the training session and kept on talking to his mate.
Lucy: That's very rude.
Gary: I was going "shush!" all the time but they ignored me. I lobbed a bit of orange peel at the back of his head and he still ignored me. I was really at the point where I was going to smack him one.
Lucy: Good job you didn't. You'd probably lose your job.
Gary: Yeah. But it was a trip down memory lane, though.
Lucy: Oh? You're thinking of old Pecky?
Gary: That's it. The time Pecky was teasing me in the maths class for actually wanting to learn something from the teacher. I had to clock him one in order to get him to shut up and let me learn.
Lucy: History repeats itself. 
Gary: He then pushed my chair over and I got the scar inside my lip I still have.
Lucy: Yes. I remember. And you both got put on report for two weeks.
Gary: which was unfair because I was only trying to get something from the class.
Gary: Still, thinking of that stopped me from doing the same again today.
Summary: Gary was annoyed by a man who was talking to another person during a training session. Gary wanted to hit him. He reminded Gary Pecky. Pecky had teased Gary in the school.
Dialogue: Hun: Just saw a couple arguing over fries 😂😂
Hun: reminded me of us 😍
Jim: hello my lady, i see you're not angry at me anymore
Hun: no I'm not, I just realized how stupid this must have looked like
Jim: I'm sorry anyways, we will solve our food problems better next time
Hun: I swear any time I'd think I'm not hungry I'd buy myself something small so that I don't eat your food
Jim: that would be lovely darling 😍
Hun: I'll try my best 🙂
Jim: love you ❤️
Hun: love you too boo ❤️
Summary: Hun isn't upset with Jim anymore after seeing a couple fight over fries. She promises to order something small for herself next time, even if she doesn't feel hungry.
Dialogue: Jenna: I'm cooking 2nite :)
Eaton: yeah we know
Lilly: so whatever are we going to eat?
Jenna: chicken? indian way?
Lilly: with rice? yummy
Eaton: fine w me as long as you let me add my spices this time
Jenna: if you don't add them to my food i don't care
Lilly: kids, cut it, we'll enjoy it anyway
Summary: Jenna is going to prepare some Indian-style chicken with rice tonight. Eaton will use his own spices.
Dialogue: Eugene: <file_video>
Jasmina: Owwww! So qt!
Eugene: Ik.
Jasmina: Where did you find it?
Eugene: The internet, ofc!
Jasmina: Duh!
Summary: Eugene found it on the internet. Jasmina finds it really cute.
Dialogue: Jordan: Hey. Watcha doin? ;)
Alonzo: Not much. Watchin telly.
Jordan: Wanna come over? Parents not home ;)
Alonzo: OMW!
Jordan: Bring some wine ;)
Alonzo: Gonna have some fun :)
Summary: Alonzo is watching TV. Jordan's parents aren't home. Alonzo is going to visit Jordan and bring wine.
Dialogue: Emma: hey, are you at the apartment?
Andrew: yup
Emma: I forgot to turn off the stove, i'm freaking out
Andrew: shoot, i'll turn it off, no worries
Emma: I feel really bad, I should have paid more attention
Andrew: that's fine, it can happen to the best of us
Emma: that's right
Andrew: ok, it's off now, you can relax
Summary: Andrew turns off the stove because Emma forgot to.
Dialogue: Alan: sweetie when wil you be home?
Joan: I'm studying with Laura after classes Dad
Alan: will you be home by 7?
Alan:  I'm making my famous chicken wings :)
Joan: dad my grades are important aren't they?
Alan: more important than my wings?
Alan: I'm hurt :D joking. study away!
Summary: Alan is making his famous chicken wings and would like Joan to be home by 7. Joan won't make it as she is studying with Laura.
Dialogue: Dustin: Dear Sammy, we wish you all the very best for your 47th birthday! May good fortune beam upon you and all your undertakings! Love from Dustin and Catherine
Dustin: <file_gif>
Sammy: Thank you so much, Dustin and Cathrine, for your good wishes so early in the morning!
Dustin: Were we again the first ones to reach you via whatsapp?
Dustin: What are your plans for today?
Sammy: Yes, your message came as first. Nothing much. Lawrie with his wife are coming in early afternoon and drive us to one of his favorite restaurants, somewhere in the mountains. This being a workday, it's only the four of us.
Dustin: Sounds pleasant enough. There are a few excellent places in the Credence Creek Valley. Well, we wish you a lovely meal in a fantastic atmosphere.
Sammy: Thanks a lot!
Sammy: And I'll be seeing you two on Friday, just as scheduled. Love to you and Catherine!
Summary: Dustin wishes Sammy a happy 47th birthday. Sammy will go to a restaurant in the mountains. 
Dialogue: Kate: Hey guys, I created the group because I don't know if you realise but it's Michelle's brithday next week :)
Agatha: Oh cool! :) Hey everybody :)
Monica: Hey girls :) How is everybody? What are we thinking for Michelle?
Paula: Hey hey, whatever you guys decide, I'm in :)
Kate: Okie dokie, happy to hear! I was thinking to send her some flowers and maybe earrings? unless you have some other ideas?
Paula: I'm not sure she'd like flowers, I know she's all about the environment and all... but jewellery sounds good!
Agatha: Yeah, she always wears some stones, I think she likes long hanging earrings
Monica: I went with her last time to this cute little boutique store and there was a pair she loooooooved. There were a bit pricey so she didn't get them but I think if we all chip in?
Agatha: sounds awesome, thanks Monica! :) do you think you could get the and we will all pay you back?
Monica: Yeah, no prob at all! it's like 5 min from my house
Agatha: how much are they?
Monica: I think something around 80 quid, is that okay?
Paula: thats 20 each, I'm cool with that!
Agatha: yeah. me too, I'm in! Kate?
Kate: Absolutely! Monica, that's so awesome you can just walk there! I'm gonna get a card for her, if you are okay with that too?
Agatha: sounds fab! fantastic idea, girls :)
Summary: It is Michelle's birthday next week. Monica will buy a pair of earrings Michelle liked, which cost 80 pounds. They will pay Monica back.
Dialogue: Claire: I'm in the bus going home
Patrick: A bus? Are you insane??
Claire: The flights were so expensive
Patrick: They always are on Fridays
Patrick: What time will you be in Brussels?
Claire: Around midnight
Patrick: So many hours....
Patrick: I feel sorry for you
Claire: What to do?
Claire: At least I can work.
Patrick: Work?
Claire: Yeah. I need to write some dialogs.
Patrick: Humm... for a movie?
Claire: haha I wish...
Claire: And how about you? What's up?
Patrick: I'm leaving the office soon
Patrick: Heading back home.
Claire: Any plans for the weekend?
Patrick: Nothing. Just chill. 
Summary: Claire is going home by bus. She will be in Brussels around midnight. Patrick is going home soon.
Dialogue: Patty: Happy b-day darling, may all your dreams come true!
Agatha: Thank you <3 <3
Patty: <file_gif>
Summary: Patty is sending Agatha birthday wishes. 
Dialogue: Tom: Should we order a pizza tonight?
Peter: isn't it your turn to cook?
Tom: it is, but I'm very tired today
Chris: pizza is good for me, don't worry
Peter: I don't mind it as well
Tom: thanks!
Summary: Tom, Peter and Chris are having pizza tonight. Tom's too tired to cook.
Dialogue: Ashley: Karen, I loved your presentation.
Karen: Thanks, dear 😘
Peter: It was great!
Ashley: I loved the anecdotes 
Ashley: It was so interesting
Karen: I'm happy you liked it
Karen: 🙃
Summary: Karen had a presentation. Peter and Ashley participated and liked it.
Dialogue: Malia: Have you got  prom partner for yourself?
Colby: Nope, 
Malia: :/
Colby: Wbu?
Malia: same
Colby: Have you asked Edward?
Malia: Nope
Colby: Should I ask him about you?
Malia: Dont tell her I asked you to do so
Colby: dont worry
Malia: k
Colby: Whom should I go with?
Malia: What about Lilli?
Colby: She wont be coming 
Malia: Why
Colby: She has to go somewhere else
Malia: Oke
Colby: See you at prom night then
Malia: Bye
Summary: Malia and Colby don't have prom partners yet. Colby is going to ask Edward on Malia's behalf.
Dialogue: Richard: I'm thinking seriously about moving back up to Byron next year
Susan: (y) yay!
Richard: I'm over Sydney
Susan: Something to think about. Seriously
Susan: When you coming up for a visit?
Richard: I'm going to try for 1st week in December. Atm I'm getting flogged with work
Susan: 1st week December ok, but we are back in Sydney for the following weekend ie the 8/9th December, so don't come then
Richard: Ok. Won't know definitely until the Dec roster comes out. And I have a second job between Nov and Feb so things are pretty crammed but we've got a few newbies on atm so if I can't find wiggle room I'll just get sick for a week ;)
Susan: 2nd job? Sounds busy
Richard: I did it the last two years over Xmas. 
Susan: Doing?
Richard: My girlfriend does massive Xmas decoration installs. I drive the cherry picker and knock things over
Susan: lol
Susan: you funny :))
Summary: Richard is thinking about moving back to Byron next year. Richard wants to visit 1st week of December but Susan asks him to pick a different date. Richard is busy with two jobs.
Dialogue: Kitty: I don’t have your account numbers, could you send me them? I want to wire you money
Barb: Sure, I’ll leave you a voice message with it 
Ken: Mine is 2145 8900 0000 0012 0921 21 
Kitty: Thanks, that helps a lot
Summary: Kitty will convey money to Barb and Ken.
Dialogue: Horacy: hi Flora
Flora: hi
Horacy: thank you for yesterday
Flora: :*
Horacy: it was lovely
Horacy: would yo like to repeat it?
Flora: would be great ;)
Horacy: i thought we can go iceskating together
Flora: i cant ice skating
Horacy: no problem, i will teach you
Flora: okay than ;)
Horacy: do you have time tomorow?
Flora: im finishing classes at 3 and i have no plans for afternoon
Horacy: great i will pik you from school
Flora: ok, do you know where is it?
Horacy: yeah, you've told me, remember?
Flora: true, so see you than :*
Horacy: bye
Horacy: :*
Summary: Horacy and Flora are going iceskating tomorrow. Horacy will pick her up from school at 3.
Dialogue: Eve: Would you like to join us and go horse-riding?
Eve: I'm sure you'll love it!
Mary: And where is that?
Eve: Smarzewo, 40mins drive
Eve: We're all in love with this place
Mary: Sounds good. What time are you going?
Eve: Friday 5pm
Mary: You're sure that we can come too?
Eve: yes!
Mary: Ok, so I'll meet you at the shops and will join you then!
Eve: That's great! See you soon :)
Summary: Eve invited Mary for horse-riding in Smarzewo. They are going to meet at the shops on Friday at 5 P.M.
Dialogue: Bobbi: Hi girl, you going to Jaguar Jaguar later?
Kristy: Nah, not really up for it tonight, getting an early one.
Bobbi: Oh, right! See you at lectures tomorrow then?
Kristy: Sure, we'll have coffee after.😁
Bobbi: Cool! See you then!😀
Summary: Bobbi will see Kirsty at lectures tomorrow and have a coffee afterwards. 
Dialogue: Nick: Thanks for an enjoyable evening all. Still laughing at the egg tossing exploits! Lucas and I swapping wet Derry for wet Dublin, joy😩
Alex: Haha it was a good one! Enjoy Dublin! 😉
Zoe: Good luck guys!
Anna: Disappointed to have missed another fun night out. A wet one here in Barcelona too so heading to swimming pool (indoors I hope!) and the aquarium! Hope you have fun in Dublin... Lukas please pass on my regards to all there 😊
Summary: Nick has spent an enjoyable evening with his friends. Nick and Lucas are leaving Derry for Dublin. Anna is in Barcelona and is going to the swimming pool and the aquarium. 
Dialogue: Terry: What time are we going to land in Pisa?
Matt: about 11PM
Kai: I thought the flight lasts about 4h
Matt: sure, but there is one hour difference between Portugal and Austria
Martina: right!
Martina: i completely forgot
Matt: we will get our hour back
Summary: Terry, Matt and Kai are going to land in Pisa at about 11 pm. There is one hour difference between Portugal and Austria.
Dialogue: Ryan: oh man, that was a poor start
Daniel: you're talking about the match?
Ryan: yeah, I was so pumped for this season
Ryan: and look what happened
Daniel: it's only the first match
Daniel: there's like 37 more before the end
Ryan: I'm not worried about the defeat, that can happen to anyone
Ryan: but they didn't show any will to fight
Daniel: from what I read the training camp was pretty tough
Daniel: it's possible that they still haven't recovered completely
Ryan: I hope so
Ryan: I don't want it to be a repeat of the previous season
Daniel: give them some more time before pressing the panic button
Daniel: they may be a young team but the coach is experienced
Daniel: I'm sure he knows what to do
Ryan: you're always optimistic when it comes to this team
Daniel: what else can I do?
Daniel: their job is to win
Daniel: our job is to support and believe in them
Ryan: that means that I suck at my job :P
Summary: Ryan is disappointed about the first game of the season. Ryan believes the team may still be tired after the training camp and they still have 37 games to get better. 
Dialogue: Nicole: Dinner's ready, where are you?
Matt: Sorry, got delayed.
Matt: I'm coming, though.
Nicole: OK, drive safe!
Summary: Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
Dialogue: Parker: Ok, its confirmed :D
Cody: Youre really pregnant <3
Parker: I am :) The doctor says everything is fine, I got a bunch of leaflets and everything xp
Cody: I’m so happy, you have no idea
Parker: Me too :*
Cody: When do you want to tell your parents?
Parker: I want to invite them for dinner, what do you think?
Cody: Great, tell me when, we can invite mine too!
Parker: Cool, I’ll call you later :D
Summary: Parker is pregnant. Parker and Cody want to invite their parents for dinner to tell them about the pregnancy. 
Dialogue: Parker: Have you seen the game?
Tom: It was mind-blowing !!
Greg: Awesome!! 
Summary: Parker, Tom and Greg have watched the game. 
Dialogue: Anna: I have to stop watching these ultra romantic movies and series on Netflix
Anna: I will never find me a man!!!
Julia: When calls the heart again?
Anna: and again and again
Anna: <file_photo>
Julia: I can't imagine what you could possibly see in him. he's so ugly :P
Anna: He gets cute when you see how noble and gentleman like he is
Julia: gentleman caller you need?
Anna: I do ;(
Julia: Haha I am more into guys like Richard Madden in Bodyguard
Anna: manly, silent, able to get out of any shitty situation bruce willis style?
Julia: and gentle in bed
Anna: of course because it almost always goes hand in hand...
Julia: so you too are a helpless romantic admit it
Anna: when was the last time you slept with someone
Julia: there is no connection xD
Anna: you say? haha, I know, I just said I need to stop watching these movies
Julia: Let's watch something strong and feminine tonight
Anna: you go sister!!
Summary: Anna watches romantic movies and series on Netflix. She's dating a guy. Anna and Julia will watch some strong and feminine movie tonight.
Dialogue: Jared: Just send me a scanned copy and I will read it later
Isabel: I prefer not to send it via messenger
Isabel: I'm going to leave you a copy in your mailbox ok?
Jared: Whatever is fine for you
Jared: I just won't be able to read it before the evening
Summary: Isabel will leave Jared a copy in his mailbox. Jared won't be able to read it before the evening.
Dialogue: Sam: happy birthday Zoe
Zoe: thankyouu ^.^  ^.^
Sam: you're welcome :)
Zoe: wow i didnt think youd remember
Sam: why wouldn't i
Zoe: i dont know
Sam: how could i forget
Zoe: ...
Summary: It's Zoe's birthday. Sam gives her wishes. Zoe didn't expect Sam to remember her birthday.
Dialogue: Eva: Karolina stood me up again
Carson: How come?? 
Eva: I was supposed to go for a coffee because 
Eva: We havent seen each other for so long
Carson: Shes probably busy with work
Eva: Shes not working anymore
Eva: Shes looking for another job
Carson: Hmm maybe I should text her
Eva: try
Summary: Karolina and Eva haven't seen each other long. They were supposed to have a coffee, but Karolina stood Eva up. Karolina is not working anymore and she's looking for another job. 
Dialogue: Amelia: Want to go shopping tomorrow? :)
Anna: can't :(
Anna: I'm meeting my study group in the morning
Amelia: noon?
Anna: I'm visiting my grandma, she turns 86
Anna: Then I have to do some work cause I am sooo behind and have to make up for it by Monday
Amelia: Omg that doesn't sound like a Sunday at all :(
Anna: and then in the evening
Anna: I have to help my mum cleaning windows
Amelia: cherry on top
Anna: I'm looking forward to Monday :(
Amelia: shopping next weekend perhaps? :)
Amelia: <file_photo>
Summary: Amelia wants to go shopping on Sunday with Anna. Anna can't join her, because she has already plans for the whole day.
Dialogue: Luis: Tell me something about this event.
Ashley: It was organized by the Spanish & Portuguese society
Luis: Ah okay nice. How was it?
Ashley: Oh, I could have asked you to join…
Luis: Ha no, I was good. I was doing yoga! There’s also a big game tonight for NI.
Ashley: It was nice. BTW. David got a job offer from his company
Luis: Really! Nice... do you think he’ll stay?
Ashley: Unfortunately, they cannot offer him a full-time job. He can work as a freelancer from Spain, but he told me he would like to come back here.
Luis: Maybe he can search for another job?
Ashley: Imagine that he had the only copy of the company’s project on his external disc, and it broke 2 days ago 😳
Luis: Really? So he is fucked…
Ashley: Yes. He has to do everything again from the beginning.
Luis: Shit. Well, stupid he had no back up. Does his boss know?
Ashley: They say everything happens for a reason. He thought of it actually, so he ordered a new disc for that purpose 5 days ago. It arrives tomorrow.
Luis: Ah damn. The company should have given him something
Ashley: His company works on macs. David prefers using Linux, so he was doing the project on his own computer.
Luis: Life is a box of chocolates ❤
Ashley: It sucks…
Luis: Damn. I guess he can work on it from Spain 🙄
Summary: David was offered to work for the company as a freelancer from Spain. He broke the only copy of the project they had.
Dialogue: Ellen: recommend a movie
Mira: hmmm
Mira: what genre?
Ellen: idk, sth entertaining!
Mira: superheroe movies included?
Ellen: yup
Mira: have you seen Thor?
Ellen: I think so, the one from like 8 years ago?
Mira: and Thor: ragnarok?
Ellen: nope!
Mira: it's on netflix now :)
Ellen: sounds good!!
Mira: and you can watch it with Sam :P
Ellen: that's another plus, thanks!!
Mira: no prob :*
Summary: Mira recommends Ellen the movie Thor: Ragnarok.
Dialogue: Nel: How was your day?
Sam: Long. 
Nel: Right. 
Nel: And how's your cold?
Sam: I'm feeling better. 
Sam: And how was yours?
Nel: Fine, no bad surprises. 
Sam: I'm glad to hear that :)
Summary: Sam is feeling better now. Nel's day was fine.
Dialogue: Maola: Nethan still doesn't speak 
Ontina: How old is he you said?
Maola: 12 and half months 
Maola:  It worries me
Ontina: But he speaks some simple words, right?
Maola: Yes. For example...like "mama" or "daddy"or"hungry"
Ontina: Then do not worry too much
Ontina: Most of my friends said their kids started to talk around 16 months 
Ontina: And suddenly talk so much 18 to 19 months and reach at pean between 22 and 24 months
Ontina: peak*
Maola: Isn't there good way to make this period earlier?
Ontina: There were 2 ways that actually helped my son speaking faster
Maola: What were they?
Ontina: Try to answer him back with longer sentence
Ontina: For example, when he says "mama"
Ontina: Then "mama, thank you" like this
Ontina: Or sing his favourite song together
Maola: How about reading the book together?
Ontina: That was the 2nd method I used.
Ontina: Try it. 
Ontina: And don't worry!
Summary: Maola worries that her son does not speak at the age of over 12 months. According to Ontina, she shouldn't worry, and she can try different language development methods.
Dialogue: Judith: Hi Abe how are you?
Abel: Good and you?
Judith: fine thanks listen I was wondering if you could give Suzie a ride to the sports centre this evening
Abel: Sure no problem I can pick her up around 6:30
Judith: perfect thank you so much Abe
Abel: no problem
Judith: see you soon!
Abel: see you!
Summary: Abel will drive Suzie to the sports centre at 6:30. 
Dialogue: David: so it seems it's the end of the story
Kevin: between you and Joan you mean
Laurent: what???
Kevin: you don't know? Joan left 
David: true enough. officially confirmed now
Laurent: did she have any, you know ...
David: legitimate reason you mean?
Laurent: i guess that's what I mean
Kevin: only david's gay 
David: hahaha very funny. it just burnt up & down
Kevin: shit man. i had no idea at all. the last time we met
David: a couple of months ago mate
Kevin: right, time flies man
Laurent: believe me Kev, David's doing well
Kevin: i hope so. keep it up man
David: cheers mate!
Summary: Joan left David because the relationship burnt up.
Dialogue: Jackie: Did you forget about me??
Freddie: Of course not! I'm on my way! Give me another 5 minutes please
Jackie: Hurry up
Freddie: Are you mad?
Jackie: Not yet 😆
Summary: Freddie is on his way, he will be with Jackie in 5 minutes. 
Dialogue: Janek: Przemek is pissing me off
Janek: Look
Janek: <file_photo> 
Milena: Who is that fucking asshole? 
Janek: He worked at our company
Janek: In the IT section
Milena: I dont know him 
Milena: But sounds like a douche
Janek: He doesn't leave me alone
Janek: Hes a hypocrite and idk what to write him back
Janek: He pisses me off all the time and then he tries to say that he was just kidding 
Milena: Ignore that piece of shit 
Summary: Przemek from the IT department annoys Janek. Milena tells Janek to ignore Przemek.
Dialogue: Terry: we have to discuss our presentation this week
Kim: Coudn't we postpone it till Monday? We've so much work in our department right now
Terry: there is nothing more important than this presentation 
Bill: I'm afraid Terry is right
Kim: gosh, then we have to do it I guess
Terry: Yes Kim, you should know that it can get the company the biggest investment in our history
Terry: so nobody will remember the little tasks of the HR department in even a week, but this may get you a whole new position in the company
Kim: sorry, I didn't know it's so important
Terry: come over to my office today, I'll show you some unbelievable data
Bill: hmm, I thought Kim was better informed about it than anybody
Terry: no, they don't care about the HR people, which is super stupid of Jeffrey 
Bill: yes, he is fucking up everything now
Terry: that's why we have to keep our own agenda and don't let him drag us down with him
Kim: I'll be there in 10min, sounds too good
Summary: Kim will be in Terry's office in 10 minutes to discuss their presentation.
Dialogue: Walter: Have you bought Dad a Christmas gift yet?
Susan: No. Have you?
Walter: No, not yet.
Susan: What are you thinking of getting him?
Walter: A new razor, maybe. And you?
Susan: The same.
Walter: Oh. Well, I can get him a CD I guess. It's more interesting than the winter socks he always asks for.
Susan: Whatever you want to do. I may not end up getting him a razor after all. 
Summary: Walter wants to buy a new razor for their dad for Christmas. He will buy a CD as Susan wants to buy the same. Susan may change her mind about the gift.
Dialogue: Sam: r u ready 4 tomorrow exam?
Cal: not realy, no. U?
Sam: More or less, we'll see
Cal: Hope it won't be too difficult like last year...
Sam: yeah, that was massacre
Summary: Sam is more prepared for the exam than Cal. They hope that the exam will not be as difficult as last year. 
Dialogue: Kyle: ok Ive had it
Stan: what? what did i do
Kyle: not you I just have to change jobs
Stan: ok... 
Stan: sooo what happened
Kyle: doesn't matter I'm changing jobs asap
Stan: ok I'll let you know if we're looking for anyone
Kyle: ok thanks
Summary: Kyle needs to change the job immediately. Stan will let him know if they have vacant positions.
Dialogue: Jessica: Have you seen Linda's outfit today?
Martha: OMG, no! I've missed classes.
Jennifer: That was... I don't even know how to describe it.
Jessica: Yeah... our friend got creative!
Jennifer: That was mind-blowing!
Martha: What did she wear?
Jennifer: Jess, you have some pictures...
Jessica: Nooo... I accidentally deleted them... :////
Martha: Come on, girls!
Jennifer: If we describe it, we won't do her justice...
Jessica: Yeah, even a picture wouldn't do justice
Martha: What did she wear???
Jessica: Nothing special, we just wanted to make you curious! :d 
Martha: You both are insane!
Summary: Linda wore an interesting outfit in Jessica's and Jennifer's view.
Dialogue: Max: My dad just quit smoking
Max: But bought e-cigarette instead
Max: Not sure if it's less poisoning or there are just too few studies about it, but as I can see he vapes much more often than he smoked a normal cigarette
Jake: Yeah. I know.
Jake: It's like even while reading a book you still have this robotic ciggy in your mouth.
Max: Hope he quits that too :/
Summary: Max's dad doesn't smoke anymore. Max wants him to stop vaping too.
Dialogue: Yigal: Wanna ride a bike tomorrow?
Kate: great idea!
Kai: sure, if the weather is good
Yigal: I'll show you the famous Sint-Annatunnel
Kai: the one built in the 1930s?
Yigal: yes, the pedestrian & bicycle tunnel under the Scheldt
Kai: great! I really wanted to see it
Yigal: I know, then we can grab some Chinese food on the other side of the river
Kate: sounds good
Summary: Yigal is going to show Kai and Kate the Sint-Annatunnel. They are planning to eat some Chinese food after crossing the river.
Dialogue: Martin: short break now?
Fred: ok
Martin: so in the kitchen in 5 mins?
Fred: give me 10
Martin: ok
Summary: Martin and Fred will meet in the kitchen for a short break in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Geoffrey: hey guys, got some business for you
Jeff: hey, what's up?
Jim: yo man
Geoffrey: how about playing footbal or whatever, at the weekends for example?
Jeff: like every week?
Geoffrey: yep
Jim: sounds cool
Jim: but we need a team and a place
Geoffrey: I'll ask around
Geoffrey: but all in all, are you in?
Jeff: If we choose a day when we're all free, then sure, I'm in
Jim: me too
Summary: Jeff, Jum and Geoffrey will play football at the weekend after arranging the team and place.
Dialogue: Felicity: Hi, Gene. Have you seen this Polish movie?
Gene: What Polish movie?
Felicity: It's called Cold War. Nominated for Oscars.
Gene: No, I wouldn't mind though.
Felicity: Let's go tonight, the show is at 8.
Gene: Cool. Pick you up at 7:30.
Summary: Gene will pick up Felicity at 7.30 to watch an Oscar-nominated Polish movie Cold War at 8.
Dialogue: Charlie: Hey Marie as mentioned before, we explored the option of giving you some credit towards future trips as compensation for the unsatisfactory apartment situation. It is not easy for us, as accommodation is different and there might always be someone that draws the short straw one way or another
Marie: Sure, I get it
Charlie: We agreed that we can give you 100USD credit for a future trip, how does that sound?
Marie: Ok, we’ll take it :)
Charlie: We'll also leave a note on the system informing the future manager to give you a nicer room
Marie: I appreciate it that you took it seriously and tried to make it better
Charlie: Thanks for your understanding guys and sorry for any inconvenience
Summary: Marie's accommodation was not up to standard. Charlie offers Marie a $100 credit for future trips as a compensation for the inconvenience. Charlie will also make sure Marie gets a nicer room then. Marie appreciates and accepts the offer. 
Dialogue: Christopher: Okay, I think I've added everyone who's in our group. Hi, guys!
Joan: Hi there! So how do we share the work?
Lindsay: And what's more important, who's gonna present our project before the class? :P
Brian: I can present whatever you give me :P
Joan: Yeah, as long as you don't have to prepare it yourself? :P
Lindsay: I can do the work for Brian as long as he does the presenting part for me. You know how I hate speaking in public.
Christopher: I think it's time to start learning :P
Lindsay: If you want me to pass out in front of everyone then OK.
Kenneth: Calm down guys, we don't have anything to present yet :P
Joan: Yup, Ken's right.  How about this: points 1-3 for me, Ken & Chris, 4-5 for Lindsay and Brian (and we don't care which one of you does more work as long as it's done ;))? And then we'll send our parts to one person who'll combine them into one presentation.
Brian: I can do it! I'm good at PowerPoint :D
Kenneth: Just don't go too crazy with the transitions between slides :P
Brian: No worries, it will be pretty as hell! 
Lindsay: I don't think I believe you, but OK :D
Joan: Okay, guys, do you think we could meet tomorrow after school? @Kenneth @Christopher
Kenneth: I bet the two of you meet every day after school :P
Christopher: Shut up!
Joan: Come on, boys, stop acting like kids! We're almost out of high school!
Kenneth: Uh huh, looks like someone's girlfriend's mad XDDD 
Joan: Lindsay, I've changed my mind, can I get Brian after all? :P
Lindsay: Forget it, Brian's going to by my voice, I'm not giving him up :P
Brian: Thanks, Lindsay ♥ 
Joan: Grrrr, I hate group projects!
Christopher: And who doesn't? :)
Kenneth: Yeah... OK, I promise to behave. Can we just get it over with?
Joan: YES!
Lindsay: I think everybody agrees ;) So if we're done here now, I've gotta go. Talk to you later, guys!
Joan: Bye!
Kenneth: See ya!
Brian: Laters!
Summary: Christopher, Joan, Lindsay, Brian and Kenneth have to prepare a project. Brian is willing to present in front of the class and make a PowerPoint presentation. Joan proposes a way to divide the work that everybody agree on. Joan proposes a meeting in person. 
Dialogue: Jim: Don't forget to check the tyre pressure when you go to fill up the car today.
Val: Damn... Almost forgot! Thanks for reminding me.
Jim: :-)
Summary: Val will check the tyre pressure, as reminded by Jim.
Dialogue: Annick: have you seen mum today?
Béatrice: i spend the all afternoon with her.
Annick: how was she?
Béatrice: as usual. Asking for going back home, but she doesn't remember
Annick: did you talk with the people in charge of the room
Béatrice: I saw this woman Angie ou Angela, and asked her about the cleaning
Annick: Don't know her
Béatrice: she said that it's done every 2 days and the bathroom everyday.
Annick: impossible, at least once a week for the room. 
Béatrice: the bathroom wasn't very clean either. I'll buy some household products.
Annick: i booked the hairdresser for next monday
Béatrice: ok i'll ask the caregiver to give her a shower in the morning
Annick:  shower has to be given twice a week. Mum never complains but ...
Béatrice: elderly people are not so clean...
Annick: caregiver are overwhelmed. The rule is shower on demand, but some never ask
Béatrice: Mum asks very often, but they don't have time
Annick: a real shame. It costs us a lot for such a poor service
Béatrice: Some people are nice. Véronique !
Annick: and Amélie too!
Béatrice: and the room is quite confortable. Mum is fine. She's happy there
Annick: hope so.
Summary: Béatrice spent the whole afternoon with their mother today. She tried to sort out the issues of cleaning in her apartment and giving her a shower when she asks for it. Both Béatrice and Annick think their mother receives a poor service for the money the home costs, though some caregivers are nice.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: How about the cathedral?
Kathleen: Eh probably there’s a tower…
Elizabeth: Yes, there is ;]
Kathleen: No way, I’m not climbing some stupid stairs
Elizabeth: You can wait outside, it’ll not take long…
Kathleen: Great, standing there alone, nice organization!
Elizabeth: How on earth am I supposed to organize anything when you are against anything I come up with!!
Kathleen: Maybe you just have bad ideas ;/
Elizabeth: The rest of the group is not complaining, only you
Kathleen: Maybe you just don’t know about it
Elizabeth: Listen, I’m done, I will not ask you about anything, you’ll see the program in a few days and tell me if you want to go or not
Kathleen: It’s even worse, you promised everyone will have a chance to express their opinions!
Elizabeth: But I didn’t expect anyone to behave in a way that you do, sorry
Kathleen: I’m just not agreeing to everything, unlike others! I have my own views about all that, I won’t change my mind
Elizabeth: Soo you’ll decide in a few days
Kathleen: That’s a bitch move
Elizabeth: Alright, we’re getting that far… Be careful
Kathleen: Pff stop threatening me
Elizabeth: I’m not threatening, those messages are being saved, I can show them to coordinators and you may have to leave the group because you behave in an inappropriate way
Kathleen: Seriously!
Summary: Kathleen does not agree with the suggestions Elisabeth does for the trip. Elisabeth finds Kathleen's behaviour difficult to organise something for. She threatens to show Kathleens messages to the coordinators.  
Dialogue: Natalie: ciao!
Natalie: so here are the samples of what we do
Natalie: commercial1  <file_other>
Natalie: commercial2 <file_other>
Brian: nice :D
Natalie: thx, and more artistic stuff
Natalie: <file_other>, <file_other>
Brian: I'm a bit busy now.. can we talk 2morrow?
Natalie: sure!
Summary: Natalie is sending Brian the samples of what they do and they'll talk tomorrow. 
