Dialogue: Sarah: we are planning to have a group study sessions of psycology class at Carol's house every day from 5-6 pm would u like to join in?
Gerry: sure would love to, 
Sarah: ok so everyone is choosing one topic and would do brief reading about it and understand the topic completely and then  would explain it to others in the group so every one doesnt have to read each topic.
Gerry: very nice idea. how many are we in a group.
Sarah: 12 since we have to cover 12 chapters
Gerry: good! count me in.
Sarah: great so we are starting next week but this Thursday we would stay after college to decide who is going to do which subject.
Gerry: ok i will be there!
Sarah: good see you
Gerry: see you
Summary: Sarah and Gerry will attend group study sessions for their psychology class at Carol's house every day from 5-6 pm. There are 12 people in the group and each will present 1 of 12 topics to others in the group. The group will stay after college this Thursday to assign topics.
Dialogue: Florence: pls remember to buy broccoli and potatoes for dinner
Arthur: sure thing, do we need anything else?
Arthur: what about dessert?
Florence: I'll buy strawberry muffins and a bit of chocolate brownie on my way home
Arthur: sounds good, but wasn't Sheila allergic to gluten?
Florence: no, Shawn was XD
Arthur: sorry, I always mix them up, they're so similar to each other
Florence: anyway, Sheila and Thomas are coming at 6
Arthur: I should be back around 4.30
Florence: <file_gif>
Florence: see you in the afternoon :*
Arthur: :*
Summary: Arthur and Florence are going to buy some food for a dinner party. Sheila and Thomas are coming at 6.
Dialogue: Daryl: Where did u find this?
Jo: Just googled it.
Lou: It says that nearly 50% of teens can be addicted to games. 
Daryl: Rly? Do u feel addicted?
Jo: Nope. I'm a casual gamer. Once or twice a week for 2/3 hrs. And that's it.
Lou: Well, I play every day. Bt I don't feel addicted.
Daryl: Ru sure? Tried stopping for a week?
Lou: Y would I?
Jo: Just for the sake of it. Maybe u'll like the outside world better ;)
Lou: Stop mocking me. I'm not a junkie!
Daryl: Sure ur not. Probably already thinking about Battlefield, eh?
Lou: No!
Summary: Jo found a text about teenagers addicted to games. Lou plays games everyday. Daryl and Jo think Lou is addicted. 
Dialogue: Marshall: what are you planning for thursday evening? :>
Alice: nothing special, why?
Marshall: would you like to grab something to eat maybe?
Alice: are you asking me out?
Marshall: maybe I am...
Alice: so maybe I agree...
Marshall: that's so great! Can i pick you up at 8?
Alice: should I wear something nice? :)
Marshall: if you want to... :)
Alice: can't wait then!! :)
Summary: Marshall has asked Alice out. They will have something to eat at 8 pm on Thursday. 
Dialogue: Michael: Hi Paul, I know it's a bit strange I'm contacting you, but I would like to talk
Paul: Hmm, hi. Yes, it's a bit awkward. 
Michael: As you suppose, probably, it's about Camilla 
Paul: Sure, what about her?
Michael: We have some problems, or rather I have some issues 
Paul: But how can I help you with it?
Michael: As her ex, I think you're probably the only one that could understand my situation.
Paul: Ok, would you like to have lunch together tomorrow?
Michael: That would be perfect!
Paul: at 1pm, at the blue building?
Michael: ok, good, I'll be there. See you tomorrow!
Paul: See you!
Summary: Michael will have lunch with Paul tomorrow at 1pm to talk about Camilla.
Dialogue: Brian: have you seen Ray today?
Anastasia: not me. he was not at the uni today
Tim: I saw his yesterday. he looked no good. why?
Brian: nix. just tried to reach him. hes out all day
Anastasia: might be sick in bed
Brian: yeah, i guess you're right
Summary: Ray wasn't at the uni today, Anastasia thinks he might be sick in bed. 
Dialogue: Kevin: anyone here that would like to help me greet the visitors from Greece this weekend?
Alma: would love to but unfortunately I'm working this weekend :(
Winston: I might. When exactly are they coming?
Kevin: their plane arrives at 10 am on Saturday. We need just one more person.
Winston: I'm not sure if I'm gonna make it for 10. I'm going out on Friday night, you know the deal :D
Kevin: If you don't, I am gonna need to know now, or else I won't be able to find someone else in time.
Winston: Can I let you know tomorrow by 6?
Daphne: I can be there at 10 :)
Kevin: are you sure? :)
Daphne: 100%
Winston: looks like you guys don't need me anymore :D
Kevin: I'm sorry, Winston, I needed the 100% :)
Winston: no problem, I get it
Kevin: maybe next time ;)
Kevin: Daphne, I pm'ed you to discuss the details
Daphne: ok :)
Summary: Kevin is looking for one more person to greet the visitors from Greece, who arrive at 10 PM on Saturday. Alma is busy at that time. Winston is not sure, if will make it. Daphne is available and willing to go. Kevin sends Daphne a private message about the details.
Dialogue: Charlotte: Are you going to the therapeute  tonight?
Bob: yes at 6:30
Charlotte: ok. Do you prefer bracelet or glasses? I found some this morning
Bob: Glasses
Charlotte: Ok
Bob: Charlotte, the therapeute send me a message, the session  is cancelled
Charlotte: why?
Bob: yes her son is ill, i'll meet her next week
Charlotte: ok. so don't come back to  late
Summary: Bob's therapist has cancelled the session, but he will meet her next week.
Dialogue: Sam.Brown: Hello dear Oli and Natt, hope you are doing well. Sophy gave me your number, hope it's ok. I just wanted to ask about that juice producer you know in the area. Did you have your apple juice pressed last year?
Oliver: Hello Samantha! Donkeys' years. Great to hear  from you! You and Michael doing fine?
Sam.Brown: Oh yes, we're fine. Ths. Only these tons of apples this year! We don't know what to do with them. What are you doing?
Oliver: We've manged to sell the lot to wine grower in our village. We managed to talk him into experimenting with cider. It's a great drink, cheap and tasty, and nobody produces it here in the region. So a new business idea!
Sam.Brown: A bit risky eh?
Oliver: Not really. We've put some money in it but we don't think there'll be losses. At the worst we'll break even.
Sam.Brown: Is it the same person who pressed your apples for juice last year?
Oliver: No. He's a wine producer. The other one's a fruit grower. He's got these fruit plantations east of Dillon.
Sam.Brown: I see. Do you think he could take our apples and press them for us? I'd love to have my own apple juice.
Oliver: I may ask if you want. He only takes organic apples, you know. But yours are.
Sam.Brown: Sure they are! Never seen any chemicals in their life.
Oliver: If you have too much apple, why don't you join us in the cider business? Wouldn't Mike be interested?
Sam.Brown: Not sure. We're so clumsy with money, you know. But I'll ask. D'you want his mobile number? Why don't you talk to him directly?
Sam.Brown: 0167 287 43 12 Michael Brown
Oliver: Thanks! I'll call him. We could still do with more apples but they have to be absolutely and doubtlessly organic. Of course I know your trees. They're clean.
Sam.Brown: My head's reeling! Apple cider business! How funny...
Oliver: And tasty. And healthy. Samantha, great to chat with you. We'll be in touch again soon.
Sam.Brown: Cheers!
Summary: Sam.Brown is asking about the local juice producer because he has a lot of organic apples. Oliver started a new business producing apple cider and invites Sam.Brown who is unsure. She recommends talking to Michael about it.
Dialogue: Nathanael: I will move back to the student dormitory
Uriah: Really?
Nathanael: No choice
Summary: Nathanael has to move back in the dorm.
Dialogue: Mona: I've bought a dress for the party!
Lisa: show us!
Mona: <file_photo>
Gioconda: Wow, you look gorgeous!
Lisa: Red is your color
Gioconda: definitely
Mona: Thanks!
Mona: Im thinking which shoes to wear
Lisa: I guess black stilettos! They suit every opportunity
Mona: I hope so :P
Summary: Mona has bought a dress for the party. Gioconda and Lisa think Mona looks great in red. Lisa suggests black stilettos as they suit every opportunity.
Dialogue: Ella: I'll come a bit later 😬
Kim: Ok, no problem
Holly: missed the bus?
Ella: As always 😆
Summary: Ella has missed the bus and will be a bit late. 
Dialogue: Nancy: Please do tell :)
Jody: This year I'm volunteering for the Make-A-Wish foundation :)
Vic: Rly? I thought they didn't take any more volunteers!
Jody: Because they don't. I was lucky enough to be one of the last ones to get approved. 
Nancy: So what will u do?
Jody: Every sick kid has a dream and the foundation helps children fulfil their dreams.
Vic: Dream like what?
Jody: Depends on the kid. There was one that wanted to fly a helicopter, another one wanted to meet his idol and yet another one wanted a very expensive toy. 
Nancy: And what will u be doing personally?
Jody: Don't know yet. They'll call me next week and then we'll talk more.
Vic: Good luck!
Jody: Thanks :)
Summary: This year Jody is volunteering for the Make-A-Wish foundation, which helps sick children fulfil their dreams.
Dialogue: Tom: I think your car has a flat.
Renee: Oh no!
Tom: Yeah.
Renee: Thanks!
Summary: Renee's car has a flat. 
Dialogue: Elisa: Who wants to come for drinks tonight at Mombasa?
Alice: me!
Sadie: I'm in as well
Carol: may I bring some people?
Elisa: sure, the more the better!
Carol: amazing
Arthur: count me in! I'll come with Alice of course
Liam: me too!
Kai: I will join you but after my courses, around 8
Elisa: No problem, we'll be there till midnight at least
Tom: i may come over :)
Elisa: Anybody else? I'd like to book the corner table
Tom: the big one?
Elisa: exactly
John: So count me in as well
Elisa: Perfect, the table is for 15 people so we should manage! See you there
Summary: Elisa, Sadie, Carol, Liam, Tom and John want to go for drinks tonight at Mombasa. Arthur will come with Alice. Kai will join them around 8. Elisa will book the big corner table for 15 people.
Dialogue: Jasmin: I'm organising our bills
Jasmin: I gathered all I found around the house
Patrick: Cool
Jasmin: And I have a few which I don't know where to put 
Jasmin: <file_photo>
Jasmin: Is it a medical bill?
Patrick: It's my insurance that I need to pay
Jasmin: I'll put it with the medical bills. Later you can rearrange it
Summary: Jasmin organized hers and Patrick's bills. She will put the insurance bill with their medical bills.
Dialogue: Walter: Has anyone seen last month's sales numbers yet?
Khandi: Not yet. I think they're still being corrected by accounting.
Walter: Oh, geez! Will that make our bonuses late?
Khandi: Three guesses...
Walter: They come up with every excuse NOT to pay us!
Khandi: Can you blame them? This place is a wreck.
Walter: I know. The men's room toilets have been out of use on this floor for a week. We all have to go down to the factory!
Khandi: I saw the sign on the door.
Walter: Yeah, can't they afford to get it fixed if they pay our bonuses?
Khandi: Seems like no!
Walter: It's ridiculous the amount of time we waste around here on silly things. That would save a lot if we were more efficient!
Khandi: Well, tell someone!
Walter: I have a good mind to, but why bother?
Khandi: You never know.
Summary: The company where Walter and Khandi work is late with payment of bonuses and won't fix the mens' toilet.
Dialogue: Victoria: r u back in town?
Sara: nope, still at my parents :D
Victoria: msg call?
Sara:  i can't talk now...:/
Sara: dad's sleeping next to me.
Victoria: how's he doing?
Sara: good, thx
Sara: I'll catch u 2morrow around noon, hm?
Victoria: ok!
Summary: Sara is at her parent's. Her father is sleeping next to her.  She will call Victoria tomorrow around noon.
Dialogue: Avery: I've been on a date!!!
Sofia: nice!
Ella: Who was the lucky one?
Avery: Josh, the one from the movie theater 
Sofia: Avery... he is not good for you...
Ella: I've seen him kissing with Abby like 2 days ago... Sorry :(
Summary: Avery went on a date with Josh from the cinema. Ella saw him kissing with Abby two days ago.
Dialogue: Ari: It was great to have you here
Kai: thanks for your help and everything
Kai: it was really amazing
Ari: have you continued to Yazd?
Tim: yes, we're in Yazd now
Aldo: tomorrow we're planning to go to Esfahan
Ari: how is the weather there?
Tim: extremely hot
Ari: of course, it's desert
Kai: I like it a lot here
Kai: the place is amazing
Kai: especially the architecture, I've never seen anything like this
Ari: hehe, very different than Europe, I know
Summary: Kai, Tim and Aldo visited Ari. They are in Yazd now. Weather is hot in Yazd. Kai, Tim and Aldo will go to Esfahan tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jenny: Can you buy some milk on your way?
Danny: Sure, the usual one?
Jenny: Yeah. The kids are sick again so I can't leave them alone.
Danny: Don't worry, I can still manage to buy some milk. Need anything else?
Jenny: No.
Danny: Okay. I will be there in 2 hours.
Summary: Danny will buy some milk. Jenny and Danny's kids are sick. Danny will be home in 2 hours.
Dialogue: Isabella: Why oh why is my complexion so rubbish!??
Poppy: have you considered going on the pill?
Isabella: i did but what if i decide to go off the pill? 
Poppy: yeah, there must be a reason why your skin is bad 
Mia: have you seen a dermatologist? 
Isabella: he prescribed me meds that i don’t want to use! Only as a last resort!
Mia: big no no to touching your face with dirty hands!
Isabella: i know and i use beauty products for acne prone skin
Mia: Clean your phone, makeup brushes & sponges, wash pillow case & scarf- see if it helps
Poppy: change your diet  
Isabella: i stay away from fast food and try to eat as healthy as possible
Poppy: that’s not enough- dairy, gluten, too much fruit/veggies, sugar, wine can all cause acne
Isabella: OMG! So what am i supposed to eat? Whatever! i’ll try anything!
Poppy: and drink lots of water! X
Mia: do you still smoke?
Isabella: no! I quitted last year!
Mia: good girl! X
Poppy: try supplements 
Isabella: i try to relax as it can be related to stress
Poppy: sure it can be related! Go get some blood tests done!
Summary: Isabella's complexion is rubbish. Mia suggests focusing on hygiene and Poppy on a proper diet. 
Dialogue: Hollie: hey sis
Mollie: hi
Hollie: today's mum's birthday. don't forget to call her
Mollie: thanks for reminding 
Summary: Hollie reminded her sister, Mollie, about their mother's birthday today.
Dialogue: Tillie: how did you do?
Butler: u mean nite?
Tillie: I dont give a fuck bout you fuck. 
Clemency: basterd won!!
Tillie: what really? omg!
Butler: yeah. happens
Tillie: so beat pistol pete?!?
Butler: lets' say he didnt make it to the final lol
Tillie: what you mean?
Clemency: got injured in quarters
Butler: yeah but still
Tillie: sure thing you need to win a couple of other guys who was there. Respect
Butler: Prosko was there lost in semi and I beat Rehts in final.
Tillie: so you beat Prosko in semi?
Clemency: nope bye for pete injured yeah
Tillie: lucky basterd. How was you clems?
Clemency: I came 15. And im satisfied with my progress lol
Tillie: congrats mate
Clemency: right. Next you play and we see how you do
Tillie: sure thing. <file_gif>
Summary: Butler won the game, he beat Prosko in semi-finals, Pistol Pete got injured in quarters, and Clemency came 15.
Dialogue: Ashlee: Wheres Cash?
Bob: What?
Ashlee: Hes not home
Bob: Impossible, I closed the door, are u sure?
Ashlee: I looked everywhere, he always reacts to his name, hes not here!!!
Bob: This crazy dog went for a deer hunting again…
Ashlee: And you let him do that AGAIN!!
Summary: Ashlee and Bob are looking for their dog Cash. The dog went for a deer hunting again.
Dialogue: Mary: hi dad
Mary: can you check the breaks in my car? 
Mary: I think they are a bit different 
Dad: ok
Dad: I will check them tomorrow 
Dad: please don't use your car till this time
Mary: okay 
Summary: Mary asks Dad to check brakes in her car. He will chem them tomorrow. 
Dialogue: David: Are we meeting this evening?
Linda: Yes. At 7.
David: Ok. See you later.
Summary: Linda and David are meeting at 7 this evening. 
Dialogue: Julio: hey u home?
Byron: yeah i am, the rest went to church
Julio: ok i'll be there in 15
Byron: ok
Summary: Julio is going to visit Byron in 15 minutes. Byron is alone at home.
Dialogue: Mike: Don'r get mad
Dina: ?????
Mike: I've got the car keys in my jacket
Dina: you always do that
Mike: but I will uber them to you when you need it
Dina: perfect spending even more money when we are already using our savings this month
Mike: why do you make a bigger deal of everything than it has to be
Dina: why are you 4 and never think of anything more than your own comfort
Mike: ouch
Dina: sorry babe but this is exactly why I am angry with you in the morning - I don't know where your head is!
Mike: <file_photo>
Dina: yes this is a nice picture of us
Dina: but you're still four
Summary: Mike took the car keys with him in his jacket. Mike will send the keys to Dina via Uber, when she needs them. Mike and Dina are using their savings this month. Dina is angry with Mike.
