Dialogue: Caron: are you getting the last c/s message?
Rob: can you?
Caron: yes ok
Rob: I'm tied up
Caron: that was good.. they wanted referrals for people top drove their food bank vans after they have done one of our courses
Rob: I dont understand?
Caron: they thought we were a training school and had a list of trained people looking for work
Rob: oh??
Caron: so I said no but if he had volunteers driving his vans then he may have problems and he should look at giving all his drivers a advanced driving course
Rob: oh right so how will that work?
Caron: its a charity so the charity will pay for the courses and the volunteers will have a certificate they can use after to get a job
Rob: oh right its a win/win situation?
Caron: exactly.. the charity will get more volunteers if there is something in it for them
Rob: yes
Caron: the Food bank will get more deliveries
Rob: and we will get more curses
Caron: they are based in Bristol
Rob: thats Graham Masons territory
Caron: yes I was going to drop him an email
Rob: he is tied up until the end of November
Caron: I shouldn't think these guys will need anything until after new year
Rob: well done
Caron: cheers
Summary: Caron and Rob will train the charity's volunteer drivers. The charity will pay for the courses and it will attract more volunteers for the charity.
Dialogue: Tim: Is Benny there?
Sarah: No he set off about 5 mins ago.
Tim: Ok, cheers
Summary: Tim found out from Sarah that Benny left 5 mins ago.
Dialogue: Bill: Yow
Morris: Ssup
Bill: Have decided on what we talk
Morris: Not yet
Morris: I need some time
Bill: Okay you just take your time
Morris: Thanks
Summary: Morris needs more time to decide on what they talk with Bill.
Dialogue: Bernard: I'm doing laundry today
Bernard: do you want me to wash something yours?
Nina: nah I'm fine
Bernard: ok
Summary: Bernard is doing laundry today.
Dialogue: Meg: hey did you get the money? I made the transfer yesterday
Robert: yep, thanks
Meg: sorry so late!!!
Robert: no problem :) we've already paid it all. the gift is wrapped and ready :)
Meg: I know, thanks a lot!
Summary: Robert received money Meg transferred. Robert has already wrapped the gift so it's ready.
Dialogue: Ray: I invite you to my birthday party next Saturday
Emily: Great news ! How old will you be ?
Ray: 29
Emily: You're quite young ! I thought you were already 35 years old !
Ray: Thanks, I assume it is a compliment ?
Emily: Yes, it means you look so smart and experienced :)
Ray: Because it could also mean I look old and boring
Emily: Could be, but I didn't mean it to be rude
Ray: Alright :) Will you join us ?
Emily: I think so, at what time will be the party
Ray: From 6:00 pm
Emily: Sure. I was asking because I have my yoga class at 4:00 pm, but 6:00 pm is right
Ray: So you will come relaxed and ready to have fun
Emily: Exactly! Ready for dancing all the night !
Ray: I think it will be fine. There will also be Mike, Paul, Laura, Nicholas, Emma, Samantha, David...
Emily: OK, OK! Anyway, looking forward to Saturday !
Ray: Me too !
Emily: Tell me, Ray, what do you want me to bring to the party ?
Ray: Don't know, maybe some beers and a mixed salad ?
Emily: It's OK, I will prepare it before my yoga class. See you on Saturday !
Ray: See you on Saturday !
Summary: Emily is going to Ray's birthday party next Saturday. She will prepare mixed salad and bring beers to the party at 6 after her yoga class.
Dialogue: Julia: Missed my uber, could you order me another one?
George: Julia...
Julia: What? He left too early :/
Anne: I'll order you one, where are you exactly?
Julia: George Street 32, thanks dear!
Summary: Julia missed her uber. Anne will order one for her. Julia is at George Street 32.
Dialogue: Jenny: Hey girl! What’s up?
Audrey: hey you, I am doing great! And you?
Jenny: good, good. So Nadia is getting married in two months, and we need to organise an awesome bachelorette party for her 💃. Are you in to do it in the last week of June?
Audrey: Oh yass!! That will be great if we can also gather the other girls. Do you have anything planned yet? 
Jenny: well I though about organising a spa day with the girls, a nice restaurant afterwards…. And of course we can party all night long somewhere.
Audrey: that sounds great, she loves pampering herself! So a day at a spa is PERFECT! 
Jenny: yeah thought so too. 
Audrey: oh, we can buy some matching robes for us bridesmaids 😍and one in white for her… you know like the things we see on Instagram lol 
Audrey: <file_photo> 
Jenny: oh yeah, these are so cute she would love them. And we will buy her a cute crown… gotta make her feel extra special. 
Audrey: haha 😹 yeah she’s so extra!
Summary: Jenny enlists Audrey to help organise a hen party in the last week of June for Nadia who is getting married in two months. Jenny thinks about spending the day in a spa and going to a restaurant afterwards. Audrey suggests they buy matching outfits for them as bridesmaids and for the bride.
Dialogue: Alexis: Can you tell me the name of that song DJ played at party? 
Samuel: Which one?
Alexis: 2nd one he played
Samuel: Ok I will send you the link in a while
Alexis: Waiting :)
Samuel: <file_link> Here you go
Alexis: tysm <3
Summary: Alexis is looking for a song that the DJ played at the party. Samuel sends her the link.
Dialogue: Merill: Did you see how many people want to come to say goodbye to Greg?
Wendi: Yes! It’s incredible! He was such a good man…
Merill: And people recognized it!
Merill: It will be an incredible event.
Wendi: Yes, a lot of good energy :*
Merill: It really helps, knowing there are people who care
Wendi: We have almost no family…
Merill: Friends may be family too :]
Wendi: Yes and tomorrow all of those people will be my friends…
Merill: Be strong honey, if you need anything I’m always here for you.
Summary: Greg's funeral will be held tomorrow. Many people will be attending.
Dialogue: Thomas: Good evening Madam. I am Frank's teacher and I would like to tell you that Frank hasn't submitted his report yet.
Barbara: Hello Mr. Smith. When was it due?
Thomas: Everyone was asked to submit it until the end of the week. Frank asked me for an extra day and I agreed to give him time until Monday. Unfortunately, he didn't turn up today.
Barbara: He didn't go to school today?
Thomas: No, Madam. I thought that you have been notified.
Barbara: I haven't. Thank you for contacting me, Mr. Smith. I will talk to Frank and make sure he submits his report tomorrow.
Thomas: Thank you. Should you need any help, do not hesitate to contact me. Frank is a good student and I will happily help him with his studies.
Barbara: Thank you, Mr. Smith. I really appreciate it.
Summary: Thomas notifies Barbara that Frank didn't turn up at school today and hasn't submitted his late report. Thomas offers help if needed. Barbara will check on the issue.
Dialogue: Anna: Can you upload an update for my car navigation?
Anna: I have problem with this device.
Adam: Bring it to Mike, we try to do something with it.
Anna: Ok, thx!
Summary: Anna will bring her car navigation to Mark. He and Adam will try to fix it for her. 
Dialogue: Jake: So I'm leaving an hour earlier today.
Renee: Why?
Jake: Dana made an appointment for me on my lunch with a customer. Wasn't that nice?
Renee: Is she bringing you lunch at least?
Jake: No leaving early is fine though.
Renee: Won't you be starving?
Jake: Probably but I can live off my fat!
Renee: LOL!
Summary: Jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat.
Dialogue: Heather: Was that his brother?
Emery: which one?
Heather: One with muscular body
Emery: yeah he was Emily's brother
Heather: He looks cool
Emery: Yeah He is
Heather: But i dont like Emily
Emery: neither do I :p
Summary: Emily's brother has a muscular body.
Dialogue: Dane: This is the drawing tutorial I told you guys about last night. It did me a world of good <file_other>
Charlie: awesome
Lana: thank you!
Dane: As I said it's not for free, but the fee is really affordable and there's A LOT of content to choose from.
Lana: I was looking for something like that, just to give me some structure while I'm learning.
Charlie: and the art is really beautiful
Dane: Yes, exactly, the guy who makes this tutorial has some amazing skills.
Charlie: Was this where you taught yourself to draw?
Dane: I had some previous experience, but this course has really polished me as an artist.
Lana: Nice, can't wait to start.
Dane: Btw if you guys have any questions, that you won't find the answers to in the tutorial - though I highly doubt it, as it has all the basic stuff you need - just pm me ;)
Charlie: great, thanks a lot
Lana: That's so nice of you :)
Dane: No problem ;)
Summary: Dane recommends his friends a drawing tutorial. It's affordable and very helpful.
Dialogue: Brian: Hi, Frank, how's it going? Snowed in?
Frank: Yes, we bloody well are! The farm was cut off for a couple of days, awful, worst winter for a long time.
Brian: Yes, wasn't it? Did you manage to dig yourselves out?
Frank: Yes, eventually, they actually sent over some boys from the barracks down the road and a digger too! It took a few days, but it all got done.
Brian: Well, I haven't been in work for almost a week, the office was shut. Oh, and the supermarket shelves were almost empty, no deliveries were able to get through.
Frank: Wish that was the extent of my problems! I haven't been able to get fresh feed for the animals myself so, guess what? They helicoptered it in on Wednesday! They sent me and Dotty some food supplies too.
Brian: What about electricity etc?
Frank: Well, yeah, trouble with that and water for a day or two, then it was ok, but no fun sitting around with candles. We did have our log fire, though!
Brian: You managing to work now, animals ok?
Frank: Yes, so far, but we're going to be lambing soon, so hope the cold weather holds off, we really don't want to lose livestock.
Brian: Wonder how Gran and Grandpa managed in the old days, must have been hell.
Frank: Oh, yes indeed! Perhaps they stocked up just in case, rather than just being able to pop out in the jeep for supplies.
Brian: Yes, anyway, give my love to Dot! Keep in touch and keep warm!
Frank: Thanks cuz.
Summary: Because of the snow Brian didn't go to work for almost a week. Frank's farm was cut off for a couple of days until some boys with a digger helped them. They didn't have electricity, and the fresh feed for animals had to be helicoptered. 
Dialogue: Chris: How are you feeling today? Any better now?
Meghan: Oh, thanks, I feel much better. The worst is over, I hope
Chris: How’s your leg after the operation?
Meghan: It still hurts but doctors told me that it should heal in about one month
Chris: Poor dear ;( If you need some help with anything, just call me. I’ll be more than happy to help 😊
Meghan: Thanks Chris. You’re my best friend
Chris: No probs
Summary: Chris is asking Meghan how she feels after her leg operation.
Dialogue: Noah: Sorry, my voice mail is packed
Karl: Dude what happened newspapers are writing only about you
Noah: Thank for reminding me that -_-
Karl: Seriously, talk to me!!
Karl: It’s sick what they accuse you of…
Noah: The thing is I was questioned as a witness and they all started gossiping I had sth to do with it
Noah: And media used it with pleasure
Karl: You need to fucking sue them all!
Noah: My lawyer is working on it, but it won’t help
Noah: People will think I’m a rapist
Karl: You’ll figure sth out, you’ll go for some long interview and explain it
Noah: Fuck it, I’m done
Karl: What??
Noah: I’m going to my summer house, will spend there like 6 months
Noah: It’s a fortress, many security systems and guards
Karl: But it will look bad
Noah: I don’t care
Karl: Are you sure? It really won’t help
Karl: People will think you’re guilty
Noah: My lawyer will take care of all those things
Karl: Eh what can I say…
Karl: Can I visit you there?
Noah: Sure, just… not right now, maybe in a month
Karl: Take care man, anytime you want to talk, I’m here for you
Summary: Noah was questioned as a witness and media accuse him of rape. He's going to his summer house. His lawyer will take care of all the things.
Dialogue: Adam: Let's try to catch the 5 p.m. train.
Sarah: I'm already at the platform!
Liz: Should be able to make it
Summary: They are going to try and catch the 5 pm train.
Dialogue: Ash: Judging for website of the year has begun. Please have your ballots in no later than 25 November.
Gin: No way I can make it, I'm out of town for today and tomorrow. Can I have an extension?
Ash: Will Monday be better?
Gin: Yes, I think I can get it done by then. Thanks!
Ash: Anything for you!
Gin: Aw, shucks!
Ash: You worked really hard on the categories, so no way can I leave you out.
Gin: Well, I was going to say!
Ash: LOL!
Gin: I'm not shy, you know!
Ash: Oh, I know!
Gin: How are the rest of the votes coming?
Ash: Slow. You'll probably see another reminder or two over the time you're gone.
Gin: Okay,  no problem. You'll have mine Monday.
Ash: Thank you!
Summary: Ash informs Gin that voting for the website of the year has begun. Gin won't be able to have his ballot in until 25th November so Ash extends the deadline to Monday for him.
Dialogue: Lisa: Are you baking?
Sam: Yes but only just gone in the oven
Lisa: ok no probs will take the dog out first
Sam:  Penny v excited - managed to toss the pancake without burning the pan!
Lisa: you are improving!
Sam: Have you heard from Benji
Lisa: no, hope he is ok
Sam: yeah, same
Lisa: Still, he chose to leave, so up to him what he does
Sam: that's true
Lisa: still a bit disconcerting though
Sam: Guess he will turn up when he's read
Lisa: Let;s hope so
Sam: the dog desparate to go out so will catch up with you when I pop up for Penny
Summary: Sam is baking and making pancakes. Lisa will take the dog out. Sam and Lisa haven't heard from Benji.
Dialogue: Ross: Hey
Ross: I am at the mall
Ross: What shoe colour would you love?
Rose: Hey
Rose: Pure black would work for me
Ross: Okay. See you later
Ross: Can't wait😍
Summary: Ross is at the mall. Rose prefers black shoes. 
Dialogue: Faby: good morning gorgeous! how are you?
Amal: hey girl! I am fine and you?
Faby: good 👌🏿
Faby: I am organizing a workshop as the ambassador of Younique, an american brand of cosmetics and I am inviting all my friends to join me and have a great time while discovering their products 😍
Amal: I have heard of this brand before, I tried their mascara but it wasn't that great ☹️
Faby: Oh, I am sorry to hear that! the brand has made a make over of their products and generally people are satisfied. When did you use it?
Amal: well, 5 years ago.
Faby: ok, a long time then 😃 just come and you may be surprised, you might like the new products.
Amal: sincerely I am not interested into buying more products, and not this brands.
Faby: for me it is not just for selling, it is more to spend quality time with my girls and pamper ourselves with the products
Faby: there is no obligation of buying! 
Amal: humm ... putting it that way... well maybe I will give it a try, just because it is you 😉
Faby: awww thanks love 💜💜💜
Amal: so, when is it then?
Faby: Saturaday @ 4 p.m, does that work for you?
Amal: yup, I have nothing planned already! 
Amal: count on me.
Summary: Amal is coming to Faby's place on Saturday at 4 pm for a cosmetics workshop.
Dialogue: Namir: You lost so much weight!!
Namir: What is the secret?
Muriel: I guess I met a right trainer at the gym 
Namir: Really? Is he different from other trainers?(・∀・＊)
Namir: I also tried some of them but i failed😔😔
Muriel: He checks every single meal you have so thoroughly (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Muriel: This is the menu he sent to me (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Muriel: <file_others>
Namir: I cannot open it! Is that PDF?(@_@)
Muriel: No, Microsoft Excel
Muriel: I will send you through email if you want!=_^=
Namir: Thanks! So how did he check?
Muriel: He was like a devil from the hell.●～*●～*●～*
Muriel: He made me write down all the things I ate and texted me like hell
Muriel: I wanted to quit. 😔😔😔
Namir: But you lost so much weight! Could you introduce him to me as well?^m^^m^^m^
Muriel: Yes of course （*^_^*）
Summary: Muriel lost a lot of weight. Muriel sent Namir a menu that his trainer prepared for him. Namir is interested in this method and Muriel will introduce him to the trainer.
Dialogue: Natasha: Guys, I'd like to see you at my farewell party
Sasha: is it tonight?
Natasha: yes, at Palazzo
Jenny: Nat, are you going to come back to Russia?
Natasha: I think so, I don't like it here
Mike: I will be there tonight for sure
Jenny: me too, I want to talk to you before you leave
Summary: Natasha is having her farewell party tonight at Palazzo. Natasha is keen on coming back to Russia. Mike and Jenny will come for the party.
Dialogue: John: How are you doing guys?
Georgina: very good, we're crossing the border to Laos in a few minutes
John: wow, how exciting! 
Molly: then we will go down the Mekong river for about 2 days
John: I envy you so much
John: i've heard from a colleague that Laos is very beautiful and pristine
Molly: seems so!
Molly: <file_photo>
John: wow
Summary: Georgina and Molly are about to cross the border to Laos. John is envious.
Dialogue: Randy: it may be a little awkward of me to suddenly write after such a long time but... how are you?
Randy: I've been thinking about writing to you but I never knew how
Randy: then today I thought, ah well, there's nothing to lose
Joyce: hi Randy
Joyce: it really has been ages, hasn't it
Joyce: I'm happy you decided to write, don't worry about it :) I'm fine, you?
Randy: I'm okay! managed to graduate from uni, currently looking for a job or internship
Joyce: oh, congrats and good luck with that!
Joyce: are you still with Sarah?
Randy: no, we broke up last September, but it was for the better
Joyce: I'm sorry to hear that :(
Randy: don't worry about it :) I'm fine. actually, how about we catch up over some coffee?
Summary: Randy has contacted Joyce after a very long time. Joyce graduated from the university and is currently looking for a job or internship. Randy broke up with Sarah last September.
Dialogue: Shelly: So, what do u do, Jody?
Jody: Last year I dressed up as Santa and visited a couple of hospitals
Tracy: That's so cool! Do u have to qualified?
Jody: Nah. They provide basic training. 30 mins or something. 
Tracy: Maybe I'll do that this yr!
Jody: Don't want to rain on ur parade, but if u haven't signed up last month, there's no chance. They have more volunteers than needed.
Tracy: Rly? :(
Jody: Yup. And that's a good thing. Every Santa gets at least 2 elves and there are ppl who pack presents, distribute them and so on.
Tracy: Still, can u drop me a link?
Jody: Sure <file_other>
Nancy: And what about this yr?
Jody: I have something really special going on :)
Summary: Last year Jody dressed up as Santa to visit some hospitals. Tracy would like to do the same this year but it's too late to apply.
Dialogue: Tom: What is the weather like in Rybnik?
Konrad: Well, this week is really hot, it can be sth like even 22 degrees but it will have been colder by the start of the weekend.
Tom: Nice!
Konrad: Yeah! We are very pleased with that weather. 
Tom: Are you looking forward to Erasmus?
Konrad: Yes, of course! But I feel a bit stressed to be honest.
Tom: Why do you feel stressed?
Konrad: Well, I’m always somehow stressed before something that much important as this project :D
Tom: Have you been on any of this trips before? 
Konrad: But I hope everything will work out 😊
Konrad: Yes. To the Italy.
Konrad: It was lovely time there. 
Tom: So you met Roisin and Nikita?
Konrad: Yes, I really like them.
Tom: Yeah, they’re really nice
Summary: Temperature in Rybnik this week can reach up to 22 degrees but will drop by the start of the weekend. Konrad is looking forward to his Erasmus exchange. Konrad is nervous about his Erasmus because it is important for him.
Dialogue: Chanel: Hiya!
Kat: Hey
Chanel: what are you doing this weekend?
Kat: I'm at home with kids
Chanel: :D
Kat: Wanna come by for a chit chat?
Chanel: Can I visit you?
Kat: yea awesome
Chanel: :********************* :D
Kat: when what and how. On Friday I have work and you have to give me some time to clean the house. Maybe come on Saturday or Sunday :D I will get better by then
Chanel: don't be silly, I can help you out with the house
Kat: some virus or other shit
Chanel: Oh no, are you alright? 
Kat: Babes, let's make it on Saturday. Where will u be travelling from? I won't have a car, because Tom is taking it for a weekend. But I will arrange it how to pick u up.
Chanel: the sooner the better, from Cracow, give me your number please, cause I have a new phone.
Kat: 123456789
Chanel: u switched it off? :'(
Kat: i was talking to my dad. Call me
Chanel: I could be in Rzeszów at 12:30 on Sat. I'm listening to your piece - it's amazing <3
Summary: Chanel is visiting Kat on Saturday. She will be in Rzeszów at 12:30. Kat is arranging a pick up for her. Kat is sick at home with the kids.
Dialogue: Julie: Wanna go to theatre? 
Marie: Lol, we never go to theatre 
Janice: exactly, we're perfectly uncultured people
Julie: ahaha, I found 4 tickets on the pavement today
Janice: what is it?
Julie: Something by Ibsen
Julie: "Nora"
Marie: God, I used to love Ibsen when I was in high school
Julie: so let's go!
Summary: Julie found 4 theatre tickets on the pavement today. The show is "Nora" by Ibsen. She will go to see it with Marie.
Dialogue: Angie: Did you prepare some lunch for tomorrow?
Charlotte: No, I was planning to go to Sushi Project
Angie: Wanna some chili? I made way to much again
Charlotte: Sure!! I love chili!
Angie: Big portion or really big portion? :D
Charlotte: you know me.
Angie: really big portion it is
Charlotte: ;D
Summary: Angie will put aside a big portion of chili for Charlotte.
Dialogue: Daisy: Good morning, parents! Please remember the kids are having a fancy dress party today so don't forget to pack their costumes :)
Riley: Good morning, Ms Daisy, Kevin is ready and all excited for the party, thank you!
Barbara: Good morning! Do parents who are coming need to wear costumes?
Daisy: Completely up to you :) I'm sure pupils would love that and it would look great in pictures!
Mitch: I know it's not the right place but does anybody have an emergency costume I can borrow for Mila? We completely forgot!
Daisy: Oh no! But don't worry, I have two princess dresses she can wear! She can even choose one she likes! 
Mitch: Phew! Thank you! You really are the best teacher! No wonder all the kids love you!
Riley: Oh, Ms Daisy has always been the best :)
Summary: The children are having a fancy dress party today. They will need their costumes. The teacher, Daisy, will lend Mila a princess dress. Costumes for parents are optional.
Dialogue: Travis: so u got a fever or sth?
Riley: no, not a fever
Riley: i just feel so weak. and the throat
Travis: hmm.. linseed? salt?
Riley: salt, in the morning
Travis: yeah you should do it like twice and hour, otherwise it won't work 
Riley: and ginger
Travis: haha so u finally bought it :D
Riley: yeah ;)
Travis: well done, ginger is the best ;)
Riley: hope it will work ;)
Summary: Riley is feeling sick. 
Dialogue: Horacy: hi Flora
Flora: hi
Horacy: thank you for yesterday
Flora: :*
Horacy: it was lovely
Horacy: would yo like to repeat it?
Flora: would be great ;)
Horacy: i thought we can go iceskating together
Flora: i cant ice skating
Horacy: no problem, i will teach you
Flora: okay than ;)
Horacy: do you have time tomorow?
Flora: im finishing classes at 3 and i have no plans for afternoon
Horacy: great i will pik you from school
Flora: ok, do you know where is it?
Horacy: yeah, you've told me, remember?
Flora: true, so see you than :*
Horacy: bye
Horacy: :*
Summary: Horacy and Flora are going iceskating tomorrow. Horacy will pick her up from school at 3.
Dialogue: Amy: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-12-01/china-s-radical-plan-to-judge-each-citizen-s-behavior-quicktake?utm_content=business&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&cmpid=socialflow-facebook-business&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwAR17zyPq7YoAYC617-s34PHvJkoUPGqaKCmVNA3uswDzhQpoOrU84GdJ5PE
Jimmy: That's insane! Han how about your score? :P
Han: Not good enough I'm afraid... 
Summary: Han's not sure about his Chinese citizen's credit score.
Dialogue: Leo: im at the place
Nick: ok i will be in 5 mins
Leo: ok i will order a pizza
Summary: Leo is going to order pizza. Nick will join Leo in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Andrew: afternoon classes are cancelled 
Matilda: oh nooooooo 😭
Hope:  😍😍😍
Summary: The afternoon classes are cancelled.
Dialogue: Pat: Have u guys hear about this surgery online project?
Kevin: No! Who came up with the idea?
Lou: I've heard about it. Some Polish hospital is going to stream the whole surgery.
Kevin: Rly?
Pat: Yeah. And there are a couple more hospitals that are going to do the same.
Lou: As far as I've heard simultaneously.
Pat: Rly? Didn't hear that one. 
Kevin: But y?
Lou: So that other surgeon can learn.
Pat: I thought it was because ppl are curious what's it like.
Kevin: Well, I'm not. Do you know who came up with the idea?
Lou: Nope, sorry.
Summary: Some Polish hospitals will stream surgeries on the Internet.
Dialogue: Ben: Rafal, how are you?
Rafal: Awesome, getting ready for the evening:D
Ben: In 2h and 30min, we can meet up:)
Ben: Cool
Rafal: Yee
Ben: Which subway exit is comfortable for you?
Rafal: All are fine, I haven't been there yet. Do you have any preferences?
Ben: I heaard that from exit 9 there are lots of restaurants, look at the map
Ben: <file_picture>
Ben: Which line are you supposed to take?
Rafal: I take blue line, so exit 9 will be perfect
Ben: good then I will be there
Rafal: Perfect, see you soon! 
Ben: Ah and if I arrive there I will contact your wife
Ben: If you have something trouble
Ben: can you send me text message 0123456789
Ben: I don't have any data left, hahhah
Summary: Ben and Rafal are meeting in 2.5 hours at the subway exit 9.
Dialogue: Clarie: Is that offer still available? 
Aaron: Which one?
Clarie: That home teaching :/
Aaron: Yeah it is
Clarie: What is the salary package?
Aaron: They would deduct 50% from the first income and 10% from every month from then, as their comission
Clarie: Not good :/
Summary: The home teaching offer is still available. Claire is not happy with a 50% income deduction after the first month and a 10% monthly commission afterwards.
Dialogue: Mike: I kinda forgot to sign up for Thursday morning classes 
Caroline: You don't need too
Mike: wtf? how come?
Hannah: they do that for us, Dean's office
Mike: That's new. Know why?
Hannah: There's just 12 of us now, it's just easier for them to make us a ready made plan
Mike: That's cool, nothing to worry about 
Caroline: Yeah, and no choice, there is too little of us, they're just gonna sign us up for those classes that are left with places
Summary: Dean's office is going to sign Mike up for classes. It is more convenient for the office as the group is only 12 students.
Dialogue: Tracy: Babe i got new online work 
Kate: really thats nice
Tracy: yes so i need your help
Kate: ok go ahead tell me what you want me to do
Tracy: you need to make 2 min video of yourself talking about the perfume you use and why?
Kate: thats not a big deal so i need to show my perfume
Tracy: oh yes u dont need to show your face your voice would be enough but need to hold your perfume and  make video of it
Kate: lol ok good you told me otherwise i would have only shown my face and not perfume bottle
Tracy: lol ... sorry i gave such impression
Kate: dont worry! will do it
Tracy: thank you so much! your always there too help
Kate: no problem any time for a friend like you
Tracy: i am so lucky to have you as a friend... if you ever need help let me know
Kate: sure no worries i will send you video by night
Tracy: yes no rush:)
Summary: Tracy needs Kate to make a two-minute video of herself talking about the perfume she uses. She doesn't have to show her face. Kate will send Tracy the video by night.
Dialogue: Al: hi pretty girl
Kyra: umm hi?
Al: wanna talk?
Al: u pretty
Al: hello
Summary: Al wanted to chat with Kyra, but she did not seem interested.
Dialogue: Frank: I have an idea
Frank: And I think you'll love it
Susy: Sushi?
Frank: Yup.
Susy: Hurray!!! 
Susy: <file_gif> 
Summary: Frank and Susy will get sushi, which makes Susy happy.
Dialogue: Susan: Hello William!  I forgot to ask you yesterday: I've been trying to track down this biography of Droste by Karschunov. They don't seem to have a copy at the college library and I don't fancy buying it. Could I borrow it from you?
William: Hello Susan, but I'm not sure I have it. What's the title?
Susan: "Das Spiegelbild"
William: Rings a bell. Let me check and I'll get back to you, Susan.
Susan: Thank you William.
William: Yes, I have a copy. A bit bashed but readable :) If it's urgent, I can send it to you.
Susan: Great that you have it. No, it isn't urgent at all. Droste is just on my list and I'll tackle her in due time. I just have to remember about the book before we meet next time.
William: Isn't it pretty soon? Hasn't Rita arranged for some meal together these days?
Susan: True! St Martin's Goose on the 10th! It is this coming Friday. Will you be as kind and bring the book with you?
William: But of course! Pleasure.
William: And you can keep it. I don't  think I'll be reading it again.
Susan: Thank you! Lucky me. So see you and Rita on Friday.
William: Looking forward to. Give my regards to Harry please.
Susan: I will. Thank you.
Summary: Susan will borrow "Das Spiegelbild" book from William. William will bring the book to their meeting together with Rita on Friday 10th. Susan will pass regards to Harry from William.
Dialogue: Renee: i'm sick and tired of this diet that i'm on
Renee: i can't eat anything but whole, green foods
Calvin: what does that mean?
Renee: lettuce, celery, green pepper, etc
Calvin: i guess you can prepare some yummy salads
Renee: NOT ERALLY
Renee: i want pizza and a burger
Renee: also... I'M IN A CRAPPY MOOD BECAUSE OF THIS STUPID DIET!!!
Calvin: maybe you should explore other ways to lose weight
Summary: Renee has enough of a diet based on green food.
Dialogue: Jojo: another idiot sent me dick pic today
Helen: what?
Jojo: why are they doing it?
Helen: some women find vulnerability sexy ;)
Jojo: I don't find it funny
Jojo: his armadillo traumatised me
Helen: <file_gif>
Helen: armadillo?
Jojo: uncircumcised
Helen: oh
Jojo: I don't know how you're not mad about it
Jojo: dudes are harassing women and you're like lol whatever
Helen: I didn't think it's such a big deal
Jojo: it is!
Jojo: that's what perverts do
Helen: but maybe they use apps for sex
Jojo: see? that's the problem
Jojo: you defend them and try to find justification for what they do
Helen: maybe you had revealing photos or sth?
Jojo: oh so it's my fault  had been sexually harassed
Jojo: no photo says I want to see your dick pic
Helen: I didn't say that
Jojo: but you implied it
Jojo: you know what? fuck you, Helen
Helen: wow
Jojo: if you can't be empathetic towards me and can towards a perv I don't have nothing to say to you
Summary: Jojo is upset with Helen. Jojo feels sexually harassed by a picture sent to her, Helen doesn't think it a big deal. 
Dialogue: Ethan: missing you already!
Ethan: <file_gif>
Vera: missing you too
Vera: we're seeing each other next week 😍
Ethan: i know, i'm very excited 😍😍
Summary: Ethan and Vera will meet each other next week.
Dialogue: Daisy: any plans for the weekend?
Fred: no
Daisy: wanna hang out?
Fred: sure why not
Daisy: movies?
Fred: ugh no 
Fred: maybe a museum?
Daisy: oh yeah!
Daisy: haven't been in so long
Fred: so the van gogh exhibition?
Daisy: yes! sounds great
Summary: Fred and Daisy are going to Van Gogh exhibition at the weekend.
Dialogue: Jane: <gif_file>
Jane: Whaddya think? 
Shona: This ur tinder profile thing?
Jane: Yeah, I'm updating my profile tonite. Kinda nervoous though... :( 
Jane: What if i get another guy like John? o.O
Shona: John was a dickhead
Jane: preach sistah!
Shona: anyhoo - this time I've got u :D No slimeballs for you 
Jane: Not again *shudders*
Jane: You know he forgot my birthday??!!
Shona: wanker
Summary: Jane is updating her Tinder profile. She's nervous and worried that she might get a bad match again. Shona reassures her.
Dialogue: Donna: do you guys happen to have any spare blankets, duvets or winter clothes?
Audrey: hm, I'll go check, what do you need them for?
Tess: Is this for your volunteering thing?
Donna: yes, we're collecting things like this for the homeless, so they have it for thw winter.
Tess: I checked and I may have a winter jacket and a duvet I don't really use.
Audrey: Mike has 2 winter jackets and a ton of sweater he never uses. I'll ask if he can part with them.
Audrey: yep, he says you can have them.
Donna: Thank you guys, you're the best! When can I pick these things up?
Audrey: I'm free Saturday.
Tess: same here, but I'm going out like 7 PM
Donna: Can I make a round between your houses around 3-4 PM. I'll text you before I arrive.
Tess: Sure thing
Audrey: no probs
Summary: Donna is collecting things for winter for the homeless. Audrey is going to give Donna Mike's winter jackets and sweaters. Donna will collect things from Audrey and Tess on Saturday between 3-4 PM.
Dialogue: Edward: Clementine, have you looked over the notes that I sent you? It's imperative that this task is finished as soon as possible.
Clem: No, I'm sorry but I haven't - I'm still reviewing the Damocles case. I'll get right on it once I've finished that.
Edward: You can leave the Damocles case for now. Or give it to Ida or Rick to look over. It's more important that you finish this.
Clem: With all due respect, didn't Mr Jones say that he wanted the Damocles case first? It's due tomorrow, while this still has a week left. Also, I can't give it to Ida because she's away on maternity leave.  
Edward: The Damocles case has been rescheduled, so it's not longer a priority. Is Rick available? I'll contact him to let him know.
Clem: There's no need - I'll ask him. However, I believe he mentioned that he was going on a business trip.
Edward: That's true - Gordon needed someone to help him review a client. Ask him to be sure. 
Clem: Of course.
Summary: Edward would like Clem to prioritize the notes he sent her. Clem is still reviewing the Damocles case. Edward suggests she hands this over to Rick and focuses on the notes. Clem will contact Rick. 
Dialogue: Christina: At what time does the concert start?
Leslie: 8 PM
Leslie: Still we need to be there earlier.
Christina: So when?
Leslie: Let's meet at 7 in front of the Dome?
Christina: It's a big place, I don't think "in front" will do the trick.
Christina: Especially before the concert, there's bound to be lot of people.
Leslie: True.
Leslie: How about near the statue?
Christina: There's two of them near the Dome.
Leslie: I'm still talking about the front, so the one with the birds.
Christina: Sure, shouldn't be hard to find each other if we stay close to it.
Leslie: Great, it's settled then.
Leslie: 7 PM, in front of the Dome, near the "birds" statue.
Summary: The concert starts at 8 PM. Leslie and Christina will meet at 7 PM in front of the Dome near the statue with the birds.
Dialogue: Hilary: thank you for the birthday card
Muriel: Glad it had reached you. You never gave me your new address.
Hilary: the old address that is the one of the garage works
Muriel: Has Chris kept the business?
Hilary: I sold it to him
Muriel: And the house? Have you managed to sell it?
Hilary: letting it to a firm employing short term workers
Muriel: Hope they don't do any damage. And how is your business going?
Hilary: they do but the firm pays for damages
Hilary: my boutique? making enough for me and Pater to live on
Muriel: That sounds a lot. Congrats!
Hilary: ta
Muriel: I was in Buxton last summer and saw the lights on in your boutique. It looked very pretty.
Hilary: why didn't you come in?
Muriel: It was at night and I was only driving past.
Hilary: why didn't you come the following day?
Muriel: Truth to tell I thought it might be awkward. We hadn't had any contact for a couple of years.
Hilary: not my fault
Muriel: Mine?!
Hilary: yes
Muriel: But you never replied to my messages or emails!
Hilary: this is the first birthday card I've got from you in 3 years
Muriel: Exactly! I wrote a card because you broke off our whatsapp contact.
Hilary: how about fb? aren't you checking your fb account?
Muriel: No, I don't. I haven't deleted my account but I haven't checked it for what must be years.
Hilary: exactly
Hilary: all my messages to you are on fb
Hilary: unanswered
Muriel: So sorry Hilary... Can I call you now?
Hilary: yes
Summary: Hilary sold the business to Chris and she is letting the house to a firm employing short-term workers. Hilary's boutique brings profits for her and Pater to live on. Muriel was in Buxton last summer and saw Hilary's boutique. Muriel and Hilary haven't had contact for a few years.
Dialogue: Betty: <file_photo>
Betty: Check this out!
Betty: It's Kevin
Betty: Caught red handed kissing with Jessica
Angela: You don't know they're together now?
Betty: What?
Betty: Why nobody told me?!
Angela: It's no secret.
Betty: He recovered fast after Natalie dumped him.
Angela: Maybe
Angela: Maybe not
Betty: Right. God knows what's up his head 
Summary: Betty is surprised to hear that Kevin is seeing Jessica so soon after Natalie left him. 
Dialogue: Maggie: Remember our conversation about health? Turns out my friend has myoma… That’s like fourth person this year ☹
Tina: I’m sooo sooo sorry, Maggie. How does she feel?
Maggie: Not that bad, actually. She’s gonna have a surgery though.
Summary: Maggie's friend has myoma. She is going to have a surgery.
Dialogue: Jane: hey do you know of any good movies I could watch?
Lisa: Well, it depends. What kind of movies do you usually watch?
Jane: Usually some sort of romantic comedy 😂😅
Lisa: Ha ok 
Jane: And I wanted to try something different. I thought you'd know a bit more about the "critically acclaimed" sort of movies 
Lisa: lol, well it is all a matter of preference 
Lisa: Hard for me to say, since there are usually pretty mixed opinions on every sort of genre
Jane: Ha you are making this way more complicated than it needs to be
Jane: 😂😂😂
Jane: Alright, just tell me the most recent movie you have watched?
Lisa: Oh gosh, no, that is so not up your alley 
Jane: dude come on, just tell me!
Lisa: American Psycho
Jane: Ha, the one with Christian Bale 
Lisa: Yeah, exactly 
Jane: ok ok, yeah, not my typical watch, but he's a cutie so I could definitely give it a go 
Lisa: alright 😂
Summary: Jane will watch "American Psycho".
Dialogue: Rami: did you see the programme?
Rami: <file_other>
Silvia: im checking right now
Silvia: cant see any link to the tickets
Rami: not available yet
Silvia: ?
Rami: sales start is next week
Rami: tuesday 12:00 cet
Silvia: oh ok, have to set a reminder
Silvia: you already know your plan?
Rami: definitely 19/08 Grosvenor
Silvia: me too
Rami: and more importantly 26th at 8pm - Avdeeva
Silvia: heard her last year and she was fantastic
Silvia: a true artist
Rami: i think you mean the concert with kremer?
Silvia: yes
Rami: i missed that one but i heard it was good
Silvia: it was magical and the venue was just perfect for this kind of music
Silvia: but there was another concert in another part of the city right after that concert
Silvia: so some people had to leave before they left the stage
Rami: aww
Silvia: and she looked really confused but anyway the concert was awesome and applause too
Silvia: i have to take a look now and decide
Silvia: is there any full pass or something available?
Rami: no and I dont get it
Rami: would definitely buy one
Summary: Rami sent Silvia the program but the ticket sales start next Tuesday. Rami's plan is 19/08 Grosvenor and  26th at 8 pm Avdeeva. Silvia was at her concert with Kremer last year and found it fantastic. Rami missed the concert. She would like to buy a full pass.
Dialogue: Nick: you sleeping?
Tim: No, why?
Nick: Can I call you?
Tim: sure, shoot.
Summary: Nick will call Tim.
Dialogue: Jurek: we're on our way
Jurek: remember that there's no time for dillydallying, we're already a little bit late
Diana: fine fine don't panic
Diana: I'm ready and waiting for you
Jurek: wow, I'm surprised but glad. Cya
Summary: Jurek is on his way. They are running late. Diana is ready and waiting for Jurek.
Dialogue: Tess: What should I bring to the party?
Kaila: People bring a lot of food, but we’re still short of cookies!
Tess: I see, I’ll think what I can do ;)
Kaila: I’ll have types of alcohol so don’t be concerned about that :D
Tess: Looks like the best party even in our department ;p
Kaila: Sure!
Summary: Tess should bring some cookies to the party, no need to bring any alcohol as Kaila has plenty.
Dialogue: Megan: can you teach me to swim?
Phil: wow, you can't swim?
Megan: no..
Megan: i have never tried to..
Phil: have you ever been to swimming pool?
Phil: or lake or sea?
Megan: not really
Megan: my parents are fans of mountains
Megan: so i have never had an opportunity
Phil: okay, i understand
Phil: what would you like to learn?
Megan: don't know, just not to drown
Megan: for the beginning
Phil: i'm sure you will not drown
Phil: even babies can swim
Phil: it is in our genes
Megan: maybe not in mine?
Phil: don't worry :)
Megan: do you have time on Thursday?
Phil: yes, we could meet at 7
Megan: okay, see you :*
Summary: Megan can't swim. Phil will teach her at 7 on Thursday.
Dialogue: Amy: can I dropp by after work?
Mom: sure, sweetie, something happened?
Amy: no, just wanna see you:)
Mom: ok, I'll bake your favorite cake
Amy: can't wait!
Summary: After work Amy will visit Mom, who will bake her favorite cake.
Dialogue: Ryan: May decided to postpone the vote on the Brexit deal
Sam: really? why?
Ryan: I think she wants to get some extra time for campaigning 
Ryan: although they suggest she may want to negotiate again
Sam: I don't think Europe would agree
Ryan: oh, I'm sure Europe won't
Sam: so it's quite silly
Ryan: So we're heading for the hard Brexit
Sam: it seems so
Ryan: the pound plummeted after the announcement 
Sam: I'm not surprised
Ryan: but maybe it would be even worse after the vote
Sam: yes, she had no chance to win it
Sam: it has grown like a snowball against her
Ryan: I'm pretty sure she'll be out of the office soon
Sam: do you think she'll resign?
Ryan: I think the Tories will topple her soon
Sam: a rebellion?
Ryan: haha, rather a dirty coup d'état
Sam: by the conservative wing?
Ryan: yup, the dirty nationalists
Summary: May put off the vote on Brexit. Ryan explains some reasons why. The pound went down after the information. 
Dialogue: Lisa: Your Royal Highness, I was cooking the whole day in order to welcome you at our mansion. I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Paul: Hahahahahaha you shouldn't have done this
Lisa: Just stop complaining and come
Paul: Coming. I’ll tell you about my new intern.
Lisa: Ooo. Who is it? Tell me it's a boy
Paul: It is haha. Don't touch my intern tho!
Lisa: Send me a photo. When is he starting? Don't ignore my excitement!
Paul: Not sure yet. CV with photo available in the office haha
Lisa: Omg, I saw it… I've found him on Facebook. So hot!
Paul: Pshhhhhh. NO! Don't touch him!
Lisa: Ohhh, ok. My excitement is gone.
Paul: You can't touch my intern. It is forbidden. Btw, he will live in your house.
Lisa: Nooo, no. You can’t do that to me!
Summary: Lisa prepared a meal and she waits for Paul. Paul is on his way. Paul will tell Lisa about his new intern. Lisa is very excited about the intern. Lisa saw his photo on Facebook and she found him attractive.
Dialogue: Karen: Hey guys! Is anyone in the office. I forgot my key... :/
John: I'll be there in 1 hour.
Patrick: Oh no! I'm sorry, can't help you. I'm out of office today.
Mary: Are you by the entrance? I should be there soon.
Karen: Thanks Mary, yes, I'm here.
Mary: I think I see you. 2 minutes I'm there.
Karen: Thanks a lot!
Summary: Karen forgot her key to the office. She's waiting at the entrance. Mary will be there in 2 minutes to let her in. 
Dialogue: Bethany: You won't believe who's knocked up!
Laura: Tell me!
Bethany: Mary, I just found out!
Laura: No way! She just split with Simon, is it his?
Bethany: Allegedly, but I doubt it. 
Laura: What a mess! Can't wait until he hears about it.
Bethany: It will be hell, that's for sure, lol it's a circus with this gang. OK, gotta go, talk later!
Laura: Sure, see ya! :*
Summary: Mary is pregnant. Mary has just split with Simon.
Dialogue: Mike: did you order sushi already?
Lisa: yes :)
Mike: great I'm on my way home <3
Summary: Lisa ordered sushi and Mike is coming back home.
Dialogue: Ariel: what do you eat for breakfast when you avoid bread?
Muriel: some kind of flakes with milk I guess
Rachel: scrambled eggs or sth like that
Ariel: I hate oatmeal  and I'm running out of ideas
Muriel: try rice with fruits
Rachel: can't help u, I don't do breakfasts
Muriel: I always go for sth with fruits
Ariel: ok thx
Summary: Ariel wants to avoid bread for breakfast. Muriel and Rachel propose flakes with milk, scrambled eggs and fruits.
Dialogue: Apollo: Hi how are you guys?
Venus: Hi Apollo. 
Venus: not too good. I've failed my driving test:(
Mercury: oh, thats too bad. Im sorry.
Apollo: Im sorry Venus...
Apollo: did you fail the theory or the practice?
Venus: the theory was a piece of cake.
Venus: I failed the practical driving test.
Venus: the instructor was very strict. I think I just made one mistake, and he said I failed:(
Mercury: oh I see, that must really be painful
Apollo: but they must be quite strict, Im afraid. 
Apollo: it is about safety after all.
Venus: Of course I understand, but Im still very sad and very angry
Mercury: Yeah, I imagine. 
Mercury: but you can take it again soon.
Venus: I guess I need to take a few more lessons first.
Apollo: I have a friend who's a driving instructor, I may ask if he could give you a few lessons
Venus: That would be lovely!
Venus: thanks
Apollo: no problem
Summary: Venus failed the practical driving test. which made her angry and sad. Her instructor was really strict. She will take a few more lessons with Apollo's friend, who is a driving instructor.
Dialogue: Michael: <file_photo>
Michael: whose are they?
Grace: no 19 is Ethan
Logan: 21 is Ray
Logan: 22 is me
Jose: guess 31 is Josh
Josh: yeah 31 is me
Michael: Grace you got 100%
Michael: <file_gif>
Mel: our honour is saved
Grace: whaaaaaaa
Grace: there must be sth wrong with the key 
Michael: well, there’s hope… haven’t checked the key itself :D
Michael: ok results, basic level
Michael: Josh -2
Michael: Logan -5
Michael: Mel -1
Michael: Ray -8
Michael: Ethan -2
Michael: Jose -12
Michael: Patricia -3 and you wrote in blue (!)
Mel: so what is it? Lost points?
Michael: yes. With each point you lost 2%
Mel: oh, ok, I see. 
Patricia: what’s wrong with blue?
Michael: can’t use blue in the proper exam… 
Patricia: oh. right :D
Michael:  ;)
Summary: Josh, Logan, Mel, Ray, Ethan, Jose and Patricia got their test results from Michael.
Dialogue: Isabelle: Have you heard about the demonstration of nationalists at Auschwitz?
Isabelle: I feel sick to my stomach, when I think about it, it's so disgusting.
Madelyn: I haven't heard about it! What happened?
Isabelle: Well, a bunch of fascist idiots demonstrated during the Holocaust Memorial Day ceremony.
Isabelle: Oh, and Polish police did NOTHING to stop them...
Isabelle: See it yourself: <file_other>
Isabelle: They just stood there and watched those jerks...
Madelyn: What a disgrace... I can't wrap my head around it.
Madelyn: How people can be so hateful...?
Isabelle: I know, it's just scary...
Isabelle: First this murdered mayor, then neo-Nazis... What a scary place to live in.
Madelyn: :( I feel like the world's going to hell in a handbasket.
Isabelle: I agree! All these far-right movements terrify me.
Isabelle: As if we haven't learned a lesson from the recent history...
Summary: There was a demonstration of nationalists at Auschwitz during the Holocaust Memorial Day. 
Dialogue: Nick: Death on two legs
George: What?
Nick: You're tearing me apart
George: What are you talking about?
Nick: Death on two legs
George: ...
Nick: You've never had a heart
George: Googled it up, it's a Queen song. So what?
Nick: You're a bloody bastard :P
George: Oh, bugger off, mate
Nick: I'm the one who was supposed to hit on Tatiana last night
George: Well, sorry, things turned out the way they turned out :P
Nick: Sod off :P
George: Right, have a nice day
Timothy: Why are you guys writing this crap on our group chat?
Nick: Oh
George: XD
Nick: Sorry, Tim
Summary: Nick is angry with George as George picked up Tatiana last night.
Dialogue: Sonya: Hi, I heard from Anna Davies that you've joined our team. I'm from the AE (Audio Engineering) branch and every so often we'll be needing you for our recordings. At the moment, we only have two recordings needed for British English, but I think it's a smart idea to become familiar with the equipment as soon as possible. Therefore, I was wondering whether you could tell us what hours will you be at the office, so we could plan things out. All the best, Sonya Bennet
Adam: Hello! For now I can declare that I'll be definitely be in the office on Thursday and Friday - I should be there tomorrow and on Wednesday, but right now I can't state exactly when.
Sonya: That's alright, we don't have to declare exactly when to meet - I'm in my office everyday.
Adam: Okay - I'll let you know when I'm at the office. 
Sonya: Sorry, I should have aksed. Can we say "you" to each other, rather than Mr Jones?
Sonya: *asked
Sonya: Great, I'll send you more instructions when you arrive.
Adam: Of course! It's not a problem :) 
Adam: Okay, we'll be in touch.
Summary: Adam is joining Sonya's team. She wants to know when he will come to the office. Adam will be there on Thursday and Friday, and maybe tomorrow and on Wednesday. Sonya is going to send him more instructions then.
Dialogue: Barbara: Guys, how much it take to go buy train from Venice to Rome?
Susan: not that long actually 
Jessica: Why?
Barbara: We're planning with John our honeymoon in Italy, and I wonder if we should reserve a whole day for the journey 
Jessica: Lol, no, they have those fast trains that are quite amazing
Susan: and really super fast
Susan: I took us about 3,5h from Venice to Rome, so you can do it in one morning/evening
Barbara: nice! thx!
Summary: Barbara and John are planning their honeymoon in Italy.
Dialogue: Paula: Hello?
Jane: Yes? What?
Paula: Just making sure you are getting my messages.
Jane: I am. Did I miss something?
Paula: Just didn't hear from you about going out the other night.
Jane: Oh, I was busy. Sorry.
Summary: Jane was busy and did not reply to Paula's previous messages.
Dialogue: Tracy: Carol, what's the password Mihiko can use for the first login?
Carol: It was a random one. please ask her to request a new password so she can set it for herself.
Carol: I am not allowed to store them :D
Tracy: Okay, thanks a lot! :)
Tracy: When she's trying to submit for the new password, nothing happens.
Tracy: Would you have any idea why?
Carol: Okay, let’s do something different i set something basic so she can log in, then will take a look at the issue later as I have to get in a call now.
Carol: One second please
Tracy: Sure!
Summary: Mihiko needs a password for the first login. Carol will set a temporary password for Mihiko since the request for password cannot be filed.
Dialogue: Tom: Can you try to open this link? <file_other> 
Tom: Does it work??
Kim: Yes, it works.
Tom: How long is this video?
Kim: around 3 min.
Tom: perfect, thx a lot for your help.
Kim: no problem, you're welcome.
Summary: Tom asks Kim to check if a 3-minute-long video he forwarded is working.
Dialogue: Adam: what do i need to bring with me? Anything besides liquor and a sleeping bag? :D
Johnny: :D hahaha, liquor, sleeping bag maybe a pillow, swimming clothes
Adam: are we going swimming? What?
Johnny: we might, who knows what's gonna happen
Adam: guitar?
Johnny: Ye you can bring your own, Mike and Lukas are also bringing theirs
Adam: food will be there, right?
Johnny: ye, all paid for - barbecue, breakfast, soda's etc.
Adam: awesome, i am not sure if i should bring a guitar though, there will be a lot of noise and I will make a fool of myself because I can't play that well
Johnny: don't be stupid, everyone will be drunk anyway
Adam: maybe
Johnny: and get some old clothes also, for the paintball
Summary: Adam and Johnny are going to meet. Adam needs to bring several things like a sleeping bag and liquor. They will go for paintball and might go swimming.
Dialogue: John: Mary, where r u?
Mary: I'm home now
John: What took you so long?
Mary: Shopping :)
Summary: Mary has now returned home from shopping.
Dialogue: Evie: Did you get a bonus this year?
Harry: Yes, just a few hundred. You?
Evie: Nothing! I'm not sure I'm the only one or not!
Harry: Can you ask around? Carefully?
Evie: Will try!
Summary: Harry got a bonus this year but Evie didn't get one.
Dialogue: Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok Sean is coming to help finish drainage on kennels as need to get my license there nearly finished now xxx
Caron: Will you be in tonight?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah my chap will be here too just come xx
Caron: Hmmmm.. the new fella..Lucky you.. I've got an old one on The go lol.. I'll pop over with Luna for a cuppa.. Will you still be able to have her for a few days in Oct?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: YeH. Defo xxx
Caron: Brill.. I'll be over about 7 xxxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok Hun
Summary: Caron is going to pay a visit to Jenny Morris Sharpei and her new boyfriend at around 7 pm. Caron is going to bring Luna over. Jenny Morris Sharpei will be able to have Luna for a few days in October.
Dialogue: Irena: guys i was expecting more then a blue eye coments 😂 Dont you see the poor man needs an oxygen?
Steven: Yes, true, but, the positioning of your hands in this photo just makes the "blue eyes" comment seem sooooo appropriate :)
Kim: I agree with you 😊
Irena: Steven too easy 😋
Irena: it looks like im holding an invisible beer glass, waithing for Mario to get back at dancing
Steven: Well it certainly does look like you wore him out :)
Summary: Irena has shared a photo with Steven and Kim. Irena's friends commented on the photo with the "blue eyes" comment. The man in the picture with Irena looks tired.
Dialogue: Gabriel: I'm picking up my new car today!
Charles: You bought a car?
Gabriel: Well, yes and no.
Charles: Parents bought it for you?
Gabriel: The lent me some money. I had some of my own and took a loan on the rest. 
Charles: Did you buy a Lamborghini or what? How much did it cost?
Gabriel: 55k.
Charles: So a new one?
Gabriel: Yup. 
Charles: Tell me about it. 
Gabriel: Mercedes-Benz, sedan, 180hp, 0-100 kmh in 6.2 seconds
Charles: Nice!
Gabriel: I know :) they just gave ma a call that after I provide them with insurance data, I can pick it up.
Charles: So going to insure it now?
Gabriel: Yeah, have to. Wanna go for a ride later?
Charles: Hell yeah! Will you let me drive?
Gabriel: Not in a million years!
Charles: Still ;)
Summary: Gabriel is picking up his new car today. He bought it with his own money, the money from his parents and a loan. It's a new Mercedes-Benz, sedan, 180hp, it goes from 0 to 100 km/h in 6.2 seconds. It cost 55 k.
Dialogue: Ryan: where's mum?
Alice: don't know, she just left
Ryan: did she say when she's coming back?
Alice: no
Summary: Mum just left.
Dialogue: Miles: Hey man, I remember you mentioned a mechanic that you can recommend
Josh: Yes, I did, it's my body, Rick
Miles: Where is his garage?
Josh: He works at AllForCars in the city centre
Miles: That's perfect! I really need some help with my automatic transition
Josh: Noo, not again?
Miles: I curse the day I bought that car
Josh: Sell it man, sell it soon!!!
Summary: Miles needs a mechanic's help with the automatic transition in his car. Josh knows a good mechanic, who works at AllForCars in the city center.
Dialogue: Sam: Do you still work with the company from Mali?
Lenny: No, not really
Sam: why?
Lenny: hmm, it just happened at some point
Kim: The problem was the political instability a few years ago
Arlene: The islamists?
Kim: exactly
Kim: when they took control of a significant part of the country
Kim: we could not risk to send there people anymore
Sam: I see, haven't you thought about reviving this connection?
Kim: we found a new company in Burkina Faso and we're quite happy with them
Lenny: Yes, even the personal connection is very good
Lenny: They turned out to be very reliable
Sam: better than the Malians?
Lenny: hmm, maybe
Kim: it doesn't matter now, we can't leave them
Arlene: And the situation in Mali is still not very stable
Kim: exactly, it's a mess
Sam: I see
Summary: Lenny does not work for a company from Mali anymore. Islamists took control over a significant part of the country which made it unsafe. Lenny and Kim are now working with a company in Burkina Faso.
Dialogue: Rob: So how's the cat?
June: fine I guess
June: <file_photo>
June: the vet said she's gonna have to wear that for 10 days
Rob: 10 days? yikes? what ca I do to help?
June: I don't think there's anything
Rob: you sure?
June: yeah
Rob: well if you think of anything
June: you busy on thursday?
Rob: no why?
June: maybe you could take us to the vet?
June: for a control visit?
Rob: see there is something I can do :P
June: please :) 
Rob: Sure
Rob: what time?
June: around 6?
Rob: 6 am!!??
June: god no, 6pm
Rob: Sure
Summary: June's cat is recovering from a health issue. Rob will take them to the veterinarian on Thursday at around 6 pm.
Dialogue: Tim: Are you at the station already?
Helen: Yes, our train is leaving from platform 3.
Andrew: Hurry up!
Helen: In 5 minutes
Tim: I should make it
Helen: Are you far?
Tim: Just around the corner
Summary: Tim, Helen and Andrew have a train in 5 minutes Tim is almost there. 
Dialogue: Tony: We're leaving soon, where are you?
Laura: still home
Peter: where should we meet?
Laura: maybe close to the H&M in the city centre?
Peter: fine, I have to go to TKMAXX first
Laura: ok, so let us know when you're free
Peter: ok
Tony: We'll be there in about an hour
Peter: perfect
Laura: ok!
Summary: Tony, Peter and Laura will meet near H&M in the city centre in about an hour. 
Dialogue: Julie: We need to start preparing for the trip.
Naomi: Stop panicking, we still have plenty of time
Julie: Sorry, I always tend to forget something so I like to be prepared in advance.
Naomi: Does it help?
Julie: Not really :)
Julie: Last time I forgot my second pair of shoes.
Julie: Had to buy one when we arrived.
Naomi: That's a cool way to get new things ;)
Julie: Might be but you always end up paying much more that way.
Naomi: Just make a list of what you need on the trip and pack accordingly
Julie: Knowing me I'll forgot to put something on that list...
Naomi: You're hopeless :)
Julie: Trying my best :)
Naomi: Just send me the list after you make it and I'll see if it has all the essentials
Julie: That I can do.
Julie: I'll send you one tomorrow.
Naomi: Can't wait ;)
Summary: Julie tends to forget things when she's packing before a trip. Julie will send the list to Naomi tomorrow. She will check if it has essentials.
Dialogue: Sarah: What are you doing for Xmas day dinner?
Jim: Nothing. Was planning of kicking back with a beer or two and watching some telly.
Sarah: Home Alone? ;-)
Jim: In more ways than one! 
Jim: BTW did I ever tell you how much I hate that film. LOL
Sarah: I can't think of a single person that likes it. Makes you wonder why they always put it on over Xmas.
Jim: Guess they consider it to be a safe family choice and it must be cheap for them to screen.
Sarah: Yep. LOL
Sarah: Do you want to come over to mine for Xmas dinner?
Jim: Thanks for the offer. sounds really tempting.
Sarah: Is that a yes? ;-)
Jim: It's a cautious yes or a firmer maybe... ;-)
Sarah: You're so hard to pin down! LOL
Jim: Always ;-)
Summary: Jim was planning to spend Christmas alone, watching TV. Jim and Sarah do not like the film "Home Alone". Sarah invites Jim over for Christmas dinner.
