Dialogue: Monica: what time u finish work?
Rob: don't know yet
Rob: might stay overtime :/
Monica: again?
Rob: yes, lots of work, sorry...
Monica: ok, let me know when u finish
Rob: ofc
Summary: Rob might do overtime at work again. Rob will let Monica when he finishes work.
Dialogue: Love: The party was awesome!
Jesus: Oh yes 
Armstrong: What did I miss?
Jesus: So much!! 
Summary: Love and Jesus were at the awesome party. Armstrong missed it.
Dialogue: Mike: Suze, have you seen Sam today?
Susan: he's your brother
Mike: I know but he's your boyfriend. Or he was?
Susan: you know what. don't even tell me about this guy
Mike: You argued again?
Susan: Argued? No.
Mike: So? What's wrong?
Susan: You need to see someone to argue with him.
Mike: Shit, you got stood up?
Susan: Again!
Mike: Sorry Suze, he's my brother but he's a real jerk sometimes.
Susan: None of your fault. I'm fed up with him for good now.
Mike: No wonder. I've been trying to get him all day and he doesn't think it's a good idea to answer the phone.
Susan: I know what you're saying. I can't help you.
Mike: I know. I need to call some other guys. Stay good.
Susan: yeah, good luck with your search.
Summary: Mike's looking for his brother Sam. Sam's girlfriend, Susan, hasn't seen him either as he stood her up.
Dialogue: Tyree: But to be honest I like the power to order
Carleigh: 😉
Carleigh: No one will ever give me orders
Tyree: In any situation?
Carleigh: In life, never
Tyree: Even if that person is holding you into the wall and grabbing your hair from the back
Carleigh: Hahahhah
Tyree: You..! 😉
Carleigh: Me?
Tyree: You don't like does things ?
Carleigh: Depends
Tyree: On what
Carleigh: On my mood
Summary: Tyree likes to order. Carleigh usually does not like to be told what to do.
Dialogue: Cory: it's time!
Bobby: already?
Bobby: I need 5 more minutes
Cory: come on
Cory: we always have to wait for you
Bobby: I'm almost done
Bobby: it's just 5 minutes
Cory: alright
Cory: but that's the last time we're waiting for you
Summary: Cory is waiting for Bobby but he needs 5 more minutes to finish what he's doing.
Dialogue: Bianca: The dinner is almost ready
Agnes: I'm almost home
Angelica: I'm in the market buying dessert 
Summary: Bianca, Agnes and Angelica will eat the dinner together in a moment. Angelica's buying dessert in the market.
Dialogue: Andy: Suh?
Luke: Not much. S'up?
Andy: You played dat new game yet?
Luke: What new game?
Andy: OMG! You dunno?
Luke: No. Tell me.
Andy: OMG! OMG! OMG!
Luke: Still waiting...
Andy: Oh, c'mon! Srsly?
Luke: Yeah, seriously. What new game?
Andy: The new Assassin's Creed is out!
Luke: U joking?
Andy: Nah. Got it. Playin it.
Luke: Don't believe it. Show me.
Andy: <file_photo> Well? :)
Luke: You... Dunno wat to say...
Andy: LOL :P 
Luke: What's the plot?
Andy: Not tellin. Go and buy it. 
Luke: Short on cash now. Can I come over?
Andy: Y? 
Luke: Well, you can let me play, eh?
Andy: Nope. Not a chance.  
Luke: Y?
Andy: Just got it. Need to have some fun first.
Luke: Oh c'mon! PLEASE!
Andy: Fine! Stop whining!
Luke: THANK YOU!
Summary: Luke will visit Andy to play the new Assassin's Creed.
Dialogue: Xavier: what scenario we will be doing next week?
Peter: not sure, we have at least 3 we can choose from
Peter: does it make a difference?
Xavier: not really but one of them should allow me to retire my char
Xavier: so I need to start thinking about what class to choose next
Peter: does your quest unlocks any new one?
Xavier: I think it does
Xavier: the "saw" one
Peter: that might be a good one for you
Xavier: not sure
Xavier: we need some firepower so unless it has crazy dps I'll need to choose something else
Peter: why not the berserker?
Xavier: that's the one I'm thinking about
Xavier: it might be tricky to keep him alive but I'm willing to give it a try
Peter: we still want to try all the classes
Peter: and you usually go for melee characters anyway
Peter: can't imagine a more melee character than the berserker
Xavier: maybe the brute
Xavier: but I already played that one
Xavier: so I guess this time it will be the berserker
Peter: we still need to retire your current character before that
Xavier: won't cry about it 
Xavier: the sunkeeper turned out to be pretty boring
Peter: it did help us with some of the scenarios
Xavier: sure but there was no excitement for me
Xavier: so now when I think about it we need to do the scenario that will allow me to retire!
Peter: sure we can always do that
Xavier: great! I will check the berserker deck and try to come up with a decent hand for next time
Summary: Xavier and Peter have at least 3 scenarios to choose from. Xavier wants to try the berserker. Xavier needs to retire his current character first.
Dialogue: Gerard: Heiooo wassup
Joey: I'm going for a nap now
Gerard: OH kk
Joey: Ttyl
Summary: Joey is about to take a nap. He will talk to Gerard later.
Dialogue: Elsie: jesus........i can't sleep
Bonnie: me too...i don't know why :/
Camille: you crazy? it's 8pm
Elsie: had a rough night....xd
Bonnie: me too xD
Camille: aaaa I get it ;p
Summary: Elsie and Bonnie are unable to sleep.
Dialogue: Alex: Hello cutie, how's it going?
Kira: Well, good. Just had my 20 week scan, everything looks Great!
Alex: Oh, that's great, boy or girl, or didn't you want to know?
Kira: We're having a little girl! So happy!
Alex: Thought of any good names yet?
Kira: Well, we've got a few, want something different.
Alex: Right! What's on your shortlist, then?
Kira: Crystalline, Kaytee, Otterlee and Zowie.
Alex: Well, yes, they are certainly unique!
Kira: Roobee is another possibility!
Alex: They are all great, but you may need to consider that the spellings might cause confusion!
Kira: Well, we did want something completely different. No boring Chloe, Issy and Rosie for us!
Alex: My Issy is not at all boring! We love her name too!
Kira: OK, sorry, I just mean I'd like a name that stands out from the crowd! 
Alex: What about Leah or Lyra or Hermione?
Kira: I do like Lyra, it's pretty out there but not Moon Unit out there!
Alex: Yes, it's from a Philip Pullman book, the Golden Compass.
Kira: I don't know that book, but I like the name. I'll suggest it to Dan. Anyway, see you Friday! Bye!
Summary: Kira is having a little girl but can't decide on her name. Kira is going to suggest the name Lyra to Dan. Kira will see Alex on Friday.
Dialogue: Kate: <file_photo>
Kate: <file_photo>
Silvia: <3
Kate: my size not available now :( :( :(
Silvia: some other shop?
Kate: nope. I'm afraid it's an old model
Silvia: try on ebay
Kate: I will
Kate: no results :/
Silvia: I'm still looking for my black melissas...
Kate: didn't you find them? last year?
Silvia: I did! and I lost them in Morocco, remember?
Silvia: I would buy 10 pairs now and wear them for the rest of my life
Kate: hahaha totally understand
Summary: Kate wants to buy some new Melissa shoes, but her size is not available anywhere. She lost her old pair in Morocco.
Dialogue: Helen: Have you bought your tickets already?
Emily: What tickets?
Helen: To Toronto. We are going to Canada in 2 months!
Patrick: Not yet... Was looking at the prices though
Helen: I'm thinking about buying mine soon
Patrick: there is a flight from Heathrow on the 25th coming back on the 2nd
Emily: You guys want to stay so long there...
Patrick: What's the point of going just for the conference
Helen: Exactly. If we are already going that far...
Emily: I wish I could stay so long
Helen: And how about the hotel?
Patrick: I think I will stay with all the participants.
Helen: Me too. I was thinking about Sheraton. It's pricy but hopefully we get funding.
Summary: Helen and Patrick are going for the conference in Toronto in 2 months. They want to stay with all the participants from the 25th till the 2nd. Emily wishes she could stay so long. 
Dialogue: Lucas: Is there any radio you listen to?
Marcus: I listen to BBC world service every day
Marcus: Because it's much better to listen to music on spotify
Marcus: So I don't expect music from a radio any more
Audrey: Hmm, I don't really listen to radio
Lucas: It's a good thing if you drive a car, or do washing etc.
Lucas: When you have to do something that doesn't require much attention or is just boring
Marcus: exactly, and they have quite interesting podcasts in BBC WS
Audrey: Hmm, I haven't thought about it, I mostly listen to music
Audrey: but it's a good idea
Audrey: The problem is that I don't have a device for it
Marcus: oh, this is not a problem, you can listen to any radio online
Lucas: I don't have a radio either but it doesn't stop me from listening to different radio stations all the time
Audrey: right, maybe I'll try it
Audrey: seems so old-fashioned
Summary: Marcus listens to BBC World Service every day. He prefers listening to music on Spotify. Audrey doesn't listen to the radio and doesn't have a radio set. Lucas doesn't have it either. Marcus advises her to listen to the radio online.
Dialogue: Andrew: Hi Peter, my son is going to Lille next september. I'd like to know if you have any contacts for renting a small flat?
Peter: Hi Andy. Good news for you son. Congrats
Peter: <file_other>
Andrew: is that John from HK?
Peter: yes! his daughter has been in Lille for 2 years.
Andrew: thanks! Say hello to Lisa. I'll may come next month, i let you know
Peter: please come. We'll celebrate !
Summary: Andrew's son is going to Lille next September and is looking for a flat to rent. John's daughter has been in Lille for 2 years. Andrew might come visit Peter next month.
Dialogue: Jacob: let's play a bit!
Emily: ???
Jacob: <file_photo>
Emily: I really love your dick, Jacob, but I am not sure I'm in the mood for it right now.
Jacob: But I'm really horny, and you're not going to be here for the next week.
Emily: You know I am sorry. We can try to play during the weekend.
Jacob: It's Tuesday!
Emily: But I'm extremely busy and when I finally get back home, I just die.
Jacob: I am so frustrated. I will fuck a wall.
Emily: I am sorry, but please don't be so self-centred.
Jacob: Me???
Emily: Yes, you haven't even asked how I am.
Jacob: You never consider me in your plans, just like with this trip.
Emily: they are not my plans, it's my fucking work!
Jacob: But they ask you if you want to go.
Emily: Please, let's talk later, I am too tired to deal with a child right now.
Jacob: just great ...
Summary: Emily is busy and is going on a business trip next week. Jacob wants to have sex with her and is angry that she works a lot. 
Dialogue: Steeve: I left you something in your mailbox 🤭
Cristina: ooh baby thank you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cristina: I love this bouquet! it is sooo sweet of you baby ❤️
Steeve: thought it will cheer you up 😘 
Summary: Cristina is amazed by the bouquet she received from Steeve.
Dialogue: Jacob: I have a surprise for you
Miles: ho ho whaat?
Greg: For me too?
Jacob: Both of you! I'm on my way home, be prepared for some drinking too
Greg: But I work tomorrow
Jacob: I am too, so is Miles
Greg: well then:D
Summary: Jacob's coming home and wanted to have a drink, but Greg and Miles are working tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ivy: Why are you angry with me?
Ivy: Today at school you didn’t say hi
Ivy: You didn’t even talk to me
James: I think you know why I’m angry
Ivy: Is it because of Tracy?
Ivy: Come on it was a joke!
James: Don’t you ever dare to talk to her like that
Summary: James's angry at Ivy, because of the way she talked to Tracy.
Dialogue: Ian: Hi, r u at home?
Mary: Not yet.
Mary: I'm still at sql.
Summary: Mary is at school.
Dialogue: Lizzy: Hey Barry
Barry: Hey Lizzy, what's up?
Lizzy: I have a question to ask of you.
Barry: Shoot
Lizzy: Well, my cousin is looking for a piano teacher and I immediately thought of you. Of course, she will pay you. Do you think you can fit in 1 lesson sometime during the week?
Barry: Hmm...I don't know. How old is he/she?
Lizzy: Adrian is 10, but he's had lessons before, so he's not a total beginner.
Barry: Ok, let me think about it and I'll get back to you, ok?
Lizzy: Ok, thanks. If you're wondering how much, they paid their last teacher 40 per hour.
Barry: Ok, that's fine. I'll get back to you tomorrow. I just have to think about it and check my schedule.
Lizzy: Thanks, really appreciate it.
Summary: Barry will think about giving piano lessons to Adrian and will get back to Lizzy tomorrow.
Dialogue: Patricia: hey, finished?
Zach: almost
Patricia: can u send it to me asap?
Zach: yeah sure
Zach: 10-15 mins
Patricia: ok thanks
Zach: ok i'm finished. sending.
Patricia: thanks a lot!!
Summary: Zach has finished and is sending it to Patricia. 
Dialogue: Joe: sorry, Illl be late!
Joe: horrible traffic :(
Jordan: no problem man
Jordan: I'll wait
Joe: thanks
Summary: Joe will be late because of traffic.
Dialogue: Justin: Ella, Ed was asking what age u were 😏
Nicole: Ouh... nice one
Patrick: 25 😃
Ella: Thanks Patrick!! Did you tell him the real truth Justin? And that I've had a tough paper round!
Justin: He reckons you and him may have hooked up in Donegal in a pub, back in the old days... He said u looked very familiar 🙄🤔😂
Nicole: No way! 😱
Patrick: Wishful thinking I reckon 😃😘
Ella: Which part looked familiar?? 😂😜 Whilst you wouldn't believe it now, I was often leading the skinny dippers in for a midnight swim after a visit to the local pub!
Justin: No, I think we'd believe it
Ella: Hah. I was a bad lady 😝
Summary: Ed asked about Ella's age, as he thinks they might have become intimate once in a pub in Donegal. Ella admits she often used to take people for a late night swim after visiting a pub in that area. 
Dialogue: Kyle: hey doc, i am feeling drowsy these days and my digestive system is not working properly...
Samantha: Are you taking any prescriptions??? Did you see any doctor??
Kyle: No Samantha, i haven't taken any medications.. Neither have i seen any doctor
Samantha: well i can't write you a prescription here.. you must come to my clinic ..so i can check you up before writing medications
Kyle: I am a bit busy these days but i am sure i can make time..
Samantha: You can come tomorrow at 1800
Kyle: Thanks Kyle :thumbs
Samantha: :thumbs
Summary: Kyle is having issues with his digestive system and is feeling drowsy. Samantha invites him to her clinic tomorrow at 1800 for a check-up.
Dialogue: Pam: Have you seen the new Woody Allen movie?
Steve: No and I'm not going to. He's a creep. All that stuff with his family - yuk. Never watching a movie of his again
Pam: I hear ya
Summary: Steve is never going to watch a movie by Woody Allen again.
Dialogue: Jennifer: <file_other>
Jennifer: This cover is so damn goooooood
Alexandra: Listened to that, I have mixed feelings...
Zoey: Why?
Alexandra: This voice is I don't know
Alexandra: A bit strange
Summary: Jennifer loves this cover. Alexandra finds it a bit strange.
Dialogue: Kluivert: hey son
Justin: hey dad
Justin: i arrived a few minutes ago BTW
Kluivert: ooh, your mom was worried, how is spain?
Justin: its amazing, im planning on visiting the  capital city tomorrow
Kluivert: im sure youll have fun in Madrid
Justin: yeah, im sure of it
Kluivert: okay then, take good care
Justin: i will
Kluivert: ok, you mom says hi
Justin: tell her ill call her when i settle down
Kluivert: okay then
Justin: ok
Summary: Justin has just arrived to Spain and he is visiting Madrid tomorrow. He will call mom when he settles in.
Dialogue: Ralph: Have you ever heard of a company called "Venque"?
Victoria: No. what is this?
Ralph: <file_other>
Ralph: Check it out
Charles: it's a Canadian company
Charles: They have very beautiful but expensive products. 
Ralph: What do think about this bag?
Ralph: <file_other>
Charles: Very stylish 
Summary: The Canadian company Venque has beautiful but expensive products. 
Dialogue: Benedict: Where are you, I have already got my 2nd beer opened
Bernard: Look behind the window
Brian: 10 min and Imma be there, don't be so impotent
Brian: Sorry, I meant impatient :)
Benedict: you son of a bitch, you don't need to come at all
Bernard: Ding dong, open
Summary: Benedict has opened his second beer. Bernard has already arrived. Brian will be there in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Angela: Good morning
Abraham: What's up?
Angela: I feel lonely here
Abraham: I do too here
Angela: What about that girl? Everything is done?
Abraham: She lives in France
Angela: Oh.. so she was a tourist there only?
Abraham: Sort of
Angela: And u told me u aren't into one night stands
Abraham: No I'm not. She was here for a while so we were seeing each other. So no it wasn't a one night stand
Angela: But for me it's the same. Meeting someone just for a while, 1 night or 1 week. That's the same.
Abraham: More like months
Angela: Oh...
Summary: Abraham and Angela feel lonely. Abraham split up with a girl that moved to France.
Dialogue: Mila: IDK what to get dad for x-mas!
Calum: I got my dad some golf stuff and a shirt.
Mila: That's good. My dad doesn't play golf or do anything but work.
Calum: He likes beer!
Mila: I'm too young to buy it!
Calum: Get your mom to, silly!
Summary: Mila doesn't know what to buy her dad for Christmas. Calum advises beer, but Mila is too young to buy it and she should ask her mom to.
Dialogue: Delia: Hi Martha, I hope everything is OK. I don't know if you are still in Rome, but if yes I'd like to do some more Italian lessons. Have a good day!
Martha: Hi Delia, nice to hear you. I'm sorry, but I've moved out... 
Delia: Oh, what a pity!
Martha: I'll be back in January for few months, so maybe we can have some conversation then.
Delia: That'd be great!
Martha: If you're looking somebody for now, I can ask around.
Delia: If you can...
Martha: I'll let you know. Have a nice day!
Delia: You too! 
Summary: Delia wants to have some Italian lessons with Martha. Martha moved out of Rome and she will be back in January for a few months. They will have conversations then. Martha will look for somebody for now.
Dialogue: Molly: Any news about Bill's condition?
Patty: A slow progress, as he seems to regain more colours. The doc is optimistic.
Molly: Fingers crossed!! Give him our love!
Summary: Patty is informing Molly of Bill's condition. He's regaining more colours and the doctor is positive.
Dialogue: Jerry: We are planning to spend Christmas in our house on Cape Cod
Jerry: So we wondered with Jenny if anybody would like to visit us over the Christmas break
Margaret: what a nice idea, I'm staying in Boston, so I may come over for 1-2 days
Jerry: great. you can relax here quite well, take a walk on the beach etc.
Pat: Can I come with children?
Jerry: sure, it's perfect for children here
Margaret: you may also come with me Pat
Jerry: when would you like to come?
Jerry: we'd prepare the rooms etc
Margaret: maybe 26 of December?
Pat: yes, I have to be in New York on 24th
Sigmund: I will go from New York to Boston on 25th, so I can bring you back
Pat: god, guys, you're so nice!
Sigmund: c'mon, it's normal, and it's nicer not to drive alone for 3 h
Jerry: ok, so we will expect you on Cape Cod 26 of Dec
Pat: where exactly is the place?
Jerry: in Chatham
Margaret: lovely! it's such a charming town
Jerry: it's indeed
Jerry: and we want to share it with friends
Margaret: so nice!
Summary: Jerry and Jenny are planning to stay in their house in Cape Cod for Christmas and invite Margaret and Pat to visit them. Margaret and Pat together with her children are expected in Chatham on December 26th.
Dialogue: Kayla: did you get the letter?
Josh: no :/
Kayla: wow that's odd
Josh: yeah
Josh: something's wrong :/
Kayla: what could possibly be wrong??? come on
Kayla: maybe you should call them and just ask
Josh: I dont know
Kayla: you can just ask if they already sent it
Kayla: maybe wrong address or sth
Josh: you're right
Josh: I'm gonna call first thing in the morning
Josh: when is your interview?
Kayla: May 16th
Kayla: wish me luck...
Josh: oh you're always perfectly prepared ;)
Kayla: hahaha I don't know if it's enough in this case
Summary: Josh has not received the letter yet, so on Kayla's insistence he will phone and ask them about it tomorrow. Kayla's interview is on May 16th.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: do you want us to come for lunch?
Timothy: sure, at 2?
Gabrielle: ok we'll be there
Timothy: do the kids eat carrot?
Gabrielle: if they get a carrot they'll have carrot. 
Timothy: i mean do they like it
Gabrielle: depends on the mood ;) don't bother, just make what you feel like eating
Timothy: ok t's carrot then ;D
Gabrielle: great :D
Gabrielle: see u at 2
Timothy: ok
Summary: Gabrielle and her children are coming to Timothy's for lunch at 2. They will eat carrot.
Dialogue: Ali: <file_photo>
Lucie: Nice colour ;)
Ali: Found shoes for you and Jiri
Lucie: :)
Ali: In chinese minimarket in my building
Ali: Less than €10
Lucie: So it is good reason to come to Senegal soon ;)
Ali: BRAVO
Ali :) :) :) :) :)
Ali: Jana, Stefan and girls and my daughter are coming 30 March to 12 April
Ali: Still have 2 free rooms :D
Lucie: Wow, it's so great
Ali: You better come. Before we send police to arrest you
Lucie: Hehehe
Ali: My toothpaste was not full when Caro brought it back
Ali: You stole some
Lucie: Isn't it obvious that Caro used it?!
Ali: Stealing toothpaste is a serious crime
Lucie: But I can buy you a new one if you want ;)
Ali: Caro says she knew that you will accuse her
Ali: OK buy one and deliver it in person soon
Lucie: I was afraid that you want to tell the police about my car accident ;)
Ali: Nooo are you out of your mind?
Ali: I dont care about that car its not mine
Ali: Toothpaste is mine ;)
Lucie: Heheh
Ali: Good night!
Ali: We are waiting here for you :*
Summary: Ali has invited Lucie to visit him in Senegal. Jana, Stefan with daughters and Ali's daughter are coming to stay from 30 March to 12 April. Ali tells Lucie to bring toothpaste with her. Lucie had a car accident.
Dialogue: Donald: Hey man
Adam: Yo
Donald: Do you have my copy of Delgado's book?
Adam: Let me check
Donald: Ok
Adam: Yeah, it's here, sorry, I forgot about it
Donald: No problem, can I drop by later? I really need it
Adam: Ok
Summary: Donald will drop by Adam's place later to pick up his copy of Delgado's book.
Dialogue: Leo: Hello grandpa, can you come over and help me do my maths? please
Leo: Grandpa, are you there?
Grandpa: Hello Leo! I didn't notice your message at once. So you need help?
Leo: Dad is busy and mom doesn't know
Grandpa: But you know it's quite late now. By the time I'm at your place it will be midnight. Do you need my help NOW?
Leo: No tomorrow will do
Grandpa: OK, kid. I'll be there when you come back from school tomorrow.
Leo: You are the best!
Leo: Thank you
Grandpa: Sleep tight, kiddo!
Summary: Grandpa will help Leo tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Mariah: Dad, I need your help
Joshua: what happened sweetie?
Mariah: we are doing a business project for school and we need an adult supervisor
Joshua: and you thought of your old man ;>
Mariah: and no one else is available :D
Joshua: ouch
Mariah: but at the same time there's no one better to assist us
Joshua: now you're talking
Summary: Joshua will assist his daughter Mariah with her business project for school as she needs an adult supervisor.
Dialogue: Brian: Are you going to the library tonight?
Taylor: I don't know yet. Why?
Brian: I need a ride xD my car wouldn't start this morning and I'm seriously afraid it's over for my baby toyota
Taylor: fuck really? too bad, she's been a good companion
Brian: the best. So many shugs and bjs
Taylor: classy lady
Brian: so will you give me a ride?
Taylor: is 7 OK?
Summary: Brian will give Taylor a ride to the library tonight. Taylor's toyota did not start this morning and it probably cannot be repaired.
Dialogue: Noel: Butterball and Pump Truck aren't coming?
Patrick: So those were their real names! ;)
Morgan: No wonder they won't be there...
Miranda: Y?
Morgan: Despite the nicknames, don't you remember what happened to them?
Miranda: No.
Louise: Well, Butterball was so fat that one time he slipped under the shower and couldn't get up so all the jocks took pics of him and posted them on fb.
Miranda: Geez. That's painful. 
Noel: Yeah. He broke down completely after that. Started skipping school and didn't even show up for a few weeks at first.
Patrick: He probably thought it would all just wash away, but it didn't.
Louise: When the kids got word he was coming back to school, they put his naked photos on every wall and loads of lard in his locker.
Morgan: I think he changed schools after that.
Miranda: Poor thing! Y don't I remember this?
Patrick: Dunno. 
Noel: idk
Miranda: And what about Anna?
Louise: That's a completely different story.
Summary: Butterball will not be coming because he was bullied at school. Pump Truck will not be coming either.
Dialogue: Wendy: Anything interesting on Netflix lately?
Wendy: I want to binge watch a good series.
Gina: Hmmm... Black Mirror?
Wendy: I've seen it already. :-(
Gina: Did you like it?
Wendy: Loved it! :-)
Gina: Jack Ryan?
Wendy: Don't know him.. who is he?
Gina: It's a series, silly! :-)
Wendy: What is it about?
Gina: A good spy thriller. Worth a watch.
Wendy: Not really into thrillers and spies. Any other suggestions?
Gina: Last Kingdom?
Wendy: I've seen it.
Gina: But have you seen the latest series?
Wendy: Not sure. Will check it out cause I did like it.
Gina: Do. It is maybe not as good as the first series but still worth watching.
Wendy: Thanks for the tip. Will binge watch accordingly. :-)
Gina: Let me know what you think. xo
Summary: Wendy is looking for a show recommendation on Netflix. Gina suggests a number of shows and Wendy decides to watch the latest season of Lost Kingdom.
Dialogue: Gwen: can Carla sleep at us tonight?
Mandy: sure, no pro
Gwen: thx sis!
Summary: Mandy agrees to put Carla up at their place tonight.
Dialogue: Margaret: How is my favourite granddaughter? Does she feel better?
Zachary: Much better. :) Thanks for asking.
Margaret: There's carol singing in the church and dad and I are going. We thought about taking Sophie with us. What do you think about this?
Zachary: Yes, sure, she's gonna be delighted. ;)
Summary: Margaret's granddaughter is feeling better. Margaret is going to church for carol singing. She wants to take Sophie with her. Zachary agrees.
Dialogue: Caroline: It's so nice outside! ☀️ ☀️ ☀️ 
Caroline: Let's go to English bay
Branson: You're right haha
Branson: It rained the whole week time for some sun 
Caroline: Let's call Evan
Caroline: Set up a grill on the bay ☀️ 
Branson: Sounds like a good idea
Branson: We have to go to Walmart to get some food then 🧺
Caroline: Yep, I can drive
Caroline: You all can drink 
Branson: Thats nice of you! 
Caroline: Let's meet up at my place! 
Caroline: 5pm works?
Branson: Sure thing 
Summary: Caroline and Branson are going to go to the English bay. They'll call Evan to join them.
Dialogue: Jordan: How are you doing today guys?
Kate: horrible, I woke up at 4 and couldn't sleep any more 
Jose: I slept all night
Jose: Until 10
Jose: Everything is fine, I feel a bit confused, but mostly no effects
Jordan: lucky you, my jet lag is horrible
Jordan: the body seems completely out of order
Jose: Just try not to sleep during the day and be really tired in the evening, your biological clock will do the rest
Summary: Kate couldn't sleep. Jose slept until 10. Jordan has a horrible jet lag. Jose advises not to sleep during the day.
Dialogue: Mike: I don't know if you noticed, but Fiona's views on reproduction right are excruciatingly archaic.
Glen: what do you mean?
Mike: Did you now that she believes that abortion should be entirely banned? And that the morning-after pill terminates pregnancy?
Glen: I wouldn't say these views are archaic. They are simply wrong! It's weird I haven't noticed before how right wing she sometimes is.
Mike: I wonder how she's taking the fact that almost all our friends are far more liberal.
Glen: She should live in Poland.
Mike: Is it that bad in Poland? I haven't heard.
Glen: Red this and you will know what I'm talking about <file_other>
Summary: Fiona's conservative views seem wrong and archaic for Mike and Glen.
Dialogue: Charles: hey betty
Charles: i'm outside your place
Charles: can I come in?
Betty: i'm not home, sorry
Charles: i should have called before i dropped by
Betty: that would've been a good idea, lol, :-P
Charles: do u know what time you'll be here?
Betty: not sure
Betty: i'm pretty swamped up at the library
Charles: mmmm
Charles: what to do what to do
Betty: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Betty: u know what? stay there, i'll met u there
Charles: awesome thanks!
Summary: Charles wants to come in Betty's place but she's busy in the library now. Betty eventually decides to meet Charles where he is.
Dialogue: Nylah: So strange
Camilla: What?
Nylah: The ticks are blue
Camilla: What ticks?
Nylah: Below the every msg. Oh I think it's a new option. When u read the msg the ticks become blue
Camilla: Oh really. Still the same on my phone
Nylah: Ok
Summary: Nylah is surprised about the blue ticks below her messages.
Dialogue: April: so bored, what are you doing?
Andy: just watching tv
Andy: you?
April: same
April: i went online and i saw this vegan chocolate chips cookies recipe
April: interested in coming over and helping me?
Andy: YES!!! that sounds like fun.
April: niiiiiiiiiice!!!
Andy: i was being sarcasting lol
April: hahah screw you
Summary: Andy doesn't want to come and help April make cookies. 
Dialogue: Harry: Have you seen the handmaidens tail?
John: no why?
Harry: Was wondering hwat the hype was about
John: don't know sorry can't help
Harry: no prob
Summary: Harry was wondering why there has been so much hype about the handmaidens tail but Harry has no idea.
Dialogue: Johana: Hi Yoli, this is my new number
Yoli: thank dear, got it. xxx
Johana: Hello dear, are you free for a pre-election diner at home - or pre-vacation- friday the 21th?
Yoli: I think so, i'll confirm to you tonight
Johana: cool
Yoli: It's ok for us 
Yoli: hum ... you didn't confirm for tomorrow and Ben would like to report as he's running the marathon this sunday
Johana: no no .. i confirm the diner. It's tomorrow 8.30 pm .Ben will have the all saturday to recover.
Yoli: 😃😃
Johana: I hope Ben was happy with his sunday's run. Enjoy your holidays
Yoli: No 😜, he was sick 😱
Johana: poor dear...
Yoli: i'm kidding, he ran it in 4.00
Johana: 👏 👏
Summary: Johana, Yoli and Ben met for dinner on Friday 21th at 8:30 PM. Ben ran a marathon on Sunday.
Dialogue: Phoebe: I had a terrible day. Anyone up for some cheerful movie today?
Jennifer: There is Despicable Me in Helios at 8.
Phoebe: Sounds lovely, thank you, hon.
Patrick: Sorry, ladies, no can do today. But, Phoebs, I’m sending you a virtual hug
Patrick: <file_gif>
Phoebe: Thank you, sir <3 Next time! Jen, let’s meet at the entrance at 7.45, OK?
Jennifer: Sure, see you then.
Summary: Phoebe had a terrible day. She will meet at 7:45 with Jennifer to watch Despicable Me in Helios. Patrick can't go.
Dialogue: Vic: What RPGs have u played?
Natty: Not many. I played Mines of Mars.
Vic: Never heard of that one.
Natty: Oh, u basically run around a mine and dig stuff out. Sometimes u have to fight monsters, but that's rare.
Vic: So, something like Prince of Persia?
Natty: Basically.
Summary: Natty used to play a RPG called Mines of Mars. It is similar to Prince of Persia.
Dialogue: Missy: how was the party last nite
Kelsey: not much of a party. Twas like 10 ppl and mnly talking
Saige: yeah, midweek is no good for parties
Missy: i guess nothin 2 regret
Kelsey: I mean it was kinda cool to have a chat and all but that's it
Saige: exactly. Two beers and cab home lol
Missy: my bday party gotta be better then
Kelsey: its always better than anyting
Summary: Kelsey and Saige went to a meeting last night. It was midweek. There were around 10 people there, who were mainly talking to each other. Missy is planning a birthday party.
Dialogue: Bradley: It's very safe. Not like they make it look on TV
Julianna: Hehe I told them that also that tv will never show anything nice
Bradley: True...
Julianna: But in general I think Europe is safer because here we have different law. I mean we have too much law
Bradley: Haha
Julianna: E.g here if a teacher even touches a children's arm, he or she can have problems with police and law. Because it might be a sign of pedophilia or children sexual harassment
Bradley: Ok
Julianna: That's sick a bit hehe but on the other hand sometimes it's ok
Bradley: Haha ok how ?
Julianna: Because there are pedophiles in that world
Bradley: They are everywhere
Julianna: And when someone hits a child that person should be punished
Summary: Julianna thinks Europe is safer than here, because there are less laws there. Here teachers may get accused of children sexual harassment for just touching a student, which Julianna thinks might be a bit too strict, but sometimes can be good too, because some people are pedophiles after all.
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Marisol:  omg congrats!
Carlita: :O
Eunica: I'm so happy for you1
Carlita: <file_gif>
Marisol: how did he propose?
Eunica: when will u get married?
Jackie: when we were walking in a park he dropped on his knee next to this fountain in the Central Park
Marisol: *o*
Carlita: how sweet
Jackie: he told me he wants to share everything what's beautiful with me 
Marisol: awwww
Jackie: he must have carried that ring for a while because I remember him complaining about the weather lately :D
Marisol: it's so sweet he had been waiting
Jackie: we don't know yet when we'll get married but you are all invited ofc
Carlita: PLEASE don't pick June, I'll be in Canada then
Eunica: I hate weddings but I'll make an exception
Marisol: can't wait!
Summary: Jackie got engaged in Central Park. Marisol, Carlita, Eunica are excited. Jackie doesn't know the date yet but they are all invited. 
Dialogue: Thalia: What's up?
Cayson: Just took a shower
Thalia: Cool
Cayson: And you?
Thalia: Coming  back from the beach
Thalia: It was nice
Thalia: Very  hot
Thalia: I stayed under the umbrella all the time almost
Cayson: Hum ok
Summary: Cayson took a shower, Thalia was at the beach.
Dialogue: Ula: Hey, you can kiss my ass!
Molly: What? 
Ula: Yeah, for that little stunt you pulled at school today.
Molly: I'm sorry, I had no choice.
Ula: There's always a choice! You could have stood by my side!
Molly: :( 
Ula: I've never been so humiliated in my whole life!! Now I don't even want to show up at school.
Molly: No one saw it.
Ula: What do you mean? I felt like the whole school was looking at me, certainly our whole class!
Molly: I'm really sorry, it was stupid. If it's any consolation, I'll say it was my fault.
Ula: Well, that would be a start, but it still won't undo everything.
Molly: I know, but I promise, I'll make it up to you somehow. For starters, let me take you out for ice cream.
Ula: I'll be around 7eleven at 12.
Molly: :) You'll see, it'll be ok, I promise.
Ula: Bye
Summary: Ula feels humiliated by the behaviour of Molly at the school. Molly promises to make up for it, she invites Ula for ice cream. Ula will be around 7eleven at 12.
Dialogue: Patti: Let's go for a swim
Libby: im not feeling very well
Lindsay: me neither. too much work
Patti: shame. next time then
Summary: They will not go swimming today.
Dialogue: Ida: Can you bring me my sweater? I left it at school.
Rachel: Where?
Ida: In the chemistry lab
Maurice: It's locked
Summary: Ida left her sweater in the chemistry lab.
Dialogue: Tim: Guys, have you ever had problems with wisdom teeth?
George: No, not really, but I heard they can be horrible
Tim: I'm having strange pains now
Gloria: where?
Tim: the lower jaw, also the left ear
Damian: can be the tooth I'm afraid
Tim: so what's now?
Damian: you should see a dentist of course
Tim: but it's Saturday
Damian: so wait till Monday
Damian: if the pain gets worse, go to emergency
Tim: I hate it
Gloria: it happens
Summary: Tim's having trouble with his lower jaw and left ear. It's probably the wisdom tooth. He will wait for the appointment till Monday or go to the emergency if it gets worse. 
Dialogue: Judy: the traffic in this city keeps getting worse and worse
Will: that's why i don't drive :-)
Will: you can always depend on the bus or the train
Judy: that's not true, they're never on time, that's why i got a car
Judy: but now I have a car and can't go anywhere because of the traffic!!!
Will: lol i know
Judy: i'm in a really pissy mood
Will: are you in a rush? :-/
Will: where are you going?
Judy: i'm supposed to meet some friends for coffee
Judy: but i don't think i'll make it
Will: that's fine, there'll be another time
Judy: i know, but i really wish i was there, instead of being trapped in my car
Will: it'll soon be over, you'll see
Summary: Judy was supposed to meet some friends for coffee, but she got stuck in the traffic and might not make it in time.
Dialogue: Chris: I left my house keys at work. What time are you coming home tonight?
Anna: Oh Shit! I'm working late tonight. Should be home by 10pm though.
Chris: No worries. I'll go down the pub and wait.
Anna: Any excuse will do, right? ;-)
Chris: You got it! LOL
Summary: Chris left his house keys at work. Anna is working late tonight and will be home by 10 PM. Chris will wait for her at the pub. 
Dialogue: Shannon: <file_video>
Karen: OMG she's sooo cute
Lucy: Adorable little Jackie <3
Summary: Shannon sends Karen and Lucy a video of Jackie. 
Dialogue: Melina: Hi, Just wanted to say thank you for favouriting me - it really means a lot :) Thanks again!
Jada: Hi! It's been a long time since we contacted each other-I think it's because of something in FictionPress. It happened to my other fellow writers too. So anyway, I just wanted to say hi. I haven't forgotten about you, dear first FictionPress buddy.  :D
Melina: Hey!! I'm so sorry for not being in contact with you. I keep meaning to write, and having to put it off because of something or another. So how are you? Written anything new recently? I recently wrote a poem which I most soon... And I'm glad you wrote :) xx
Jada: I'm great! Today at school we learned hockey, and I discovered that I pretty good as a striker, but not as a goalie. :P So I posted my story so far on FictionPress, and another story, and a story that was chosen to be sent to a competition. Unfortunately, that story did not make it to the finals. :D I'm fine about it. My teacher was still proud of me. So what's your poem about? I've been reading more FanFiction things, I like reading them. 
Melina: Nice... Hockey's fun, but I prefer basketball or running. You planning on joing any clubs? :)
Melina: Lately I haven't been writing as much :( My creative juices are running pretty low. But I'm going to have to check out your stories!! :) Had any reviews yet? ANd well done for getting one sent to that competition! As for winning... there's always other opportunities :)
Jada: Oh, believe me, I prefer running too... I can;t join any after-school clubs, because my dad didn't want to learn how to drive in Hong Kong, since Hong Kong drove on the opposite side of Shanghai, aka on the right side of the road. My dad was afraid his instincts might come back again and he might start driving on the left side of the road, so we didn't but a car. And I was too lazy to join any other clubs, and besides, Battle of the Books was just reading. Just reading and memorizing authors and book names, which didn't appeal to me, even though I love reading.
Summary: Jada favourited Melina. Melina wrote a poem. Jada posted some stories on FictionPress but didn't make it to the finals of the competition. She can't join any after-school clubs. 
Dialogue: Kate: Mom, you there?
Carol: Yeah, honey, what's up?
Kate: Where's dinner?
Carol: There's no dinner, I didn't have time, just order what you want, money is on the counter
Kate: Dope! thanks mom
Summary: Kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner, so she left her money on the counter to order something.
Dialogue: Caron: Hiya jen..  are you still ok to have Luna from next Thurs to Monday?.. my bloody fantastic new car turned out shit..  the cam belt snapped while I was on the way to visit my dad in hospital I'm Coventry.. no the fuckers won't give me my money back so have to wait it out.. I'm pissed right off.. can't do anything cos I've given them 14 days to reply to my letter... just gets worse.. hope you are good and still with new fella.. I can't get to you before Thurs but your welcome for a cuppa if your my way xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Hi kar yeah that’s fine Hun xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: If u want me to pick her up I will Hun xx
Caron: Hiya hun.. I should be ok to bring her over cos Andy will he here with his car xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok chic xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Wot time you coming Thursday Hun ? Xxx
Caron: Hiya not sure yet.. what time are you home or is it easier to pick her up.. and may not be over til later
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Anytimes good after 10am as on night shift Wednesday night xx
Caron: Ok chic. I will text you before I come xx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok 👍xxxx
Caron: Hiya jen.. can we bring Luna over in about an hour? Xx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah that’s fine Hun xxx
Caron: Cheers babes see you soon x
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Xxx👍
Caron: Hiya chic.. what time are you working today?
Caron: We have just docked
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Morning I’m on night now but off the rest of day Luna is so lush she really has got attached to me sleeps on my face cuddles up by me won’t let ty by me lol absolute love her she’s so funny xxxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Luna
Caron: Ahh it will take us a couple of hours to get to glos shall we come straight to you half 10 ish?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah ok chic that’s fine xxxx hope u had a great time xxxxx
Caron: Yes we did see you soon xx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok chic xxxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Hi Hun can I pop next week so we can sit down and right up some things I’ve got to put in place xx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: How did she go last night Hun xx
Caron: Hiya yes fine.. she doesn't do stairs so she slept down stairs.. her eyes are quite gunky but I've cleaned with salt water xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok I’ll bring up the cream xx
Caron: Ok chic x
Caron: Hiya do you want to pop over today and go through this paper work I've done xxx
Summary: Caron's car broke down. Jenny Morris Sharpei will have Luna from Thursday to Monday. Caron will bring Luna over with Andy. Caron came back and will pick Luna up around 10:30. Jenny Morris Sharpei will visit Caron next week. 
Dialogue: James: sorry boss, I will be late
Christian: why?
James: my dog got sick but I'm on my way already
Summary: On his way to work, James informs his boss Christian that he will be late because his dog got sick. 
