Dialogue: Jeremy: Hey sunshine, how was your day?
Lisa: quite hectic
Jeremy: I miss you so much
Lisa: me too :( I'll be back home this weekend so we can meet
Jeremy: I can't wait!
Summary: Lisa had a hectic day. She will be back home this weekend and she will meet Jeremy. 
Dialogue: Darren: Look! 10am!
Frank: Whoa! They're awesome knockers.
Darren: Stop staring or she'll notice us! LOL
Summary: Darren and Frank are staring at a girl's tits.
Dialogue: Adam: Hello, do you serve coffee with lactose-free milk?
Vanessa: Hello Adam, yes, we do. In our offer you'll find soy milk, almond milk and oat milk.
Adam: Thank you so much for your quick answer! Can I book a table then? Tomorrow at 12?
Vanessa: Of course, thank you for choosing us :)
Summary: Adam books a table in Vanessa's café for tomorrow at 12 PM. 
Dialogue: Jay: where did you get this tea from babe?
Mike: do you not like it?
Jay: I really like it!
Mike: it's from Tea Nepal in the mall
Jay: it's really nice, I think my mum will like it too
Jay: do they have gift packs or anything?
Mike: yeah they do hamper type of baskets
Jay: oh nice, I'll get one for my mum's birthday then
Mike: cool, maybe one for Lindsay as well?
Jay: why is that?
Mike: it's her birthday next Tuesday
Jay: ok, good idea 
Mike: laters
Jay: see ya!
Summary: Jay likes the tea Mike got from Tea Nepal in the mall. Jay decides to get the tea in a gift pack for her mom's birthday. Mike suggests Jay to get another such present also for Lindsay as the next Tuesday is her birthday.
Dialogue: Gerard: Heiooo wassup
Joey: I'm going for a nap now
Gerard: OH kk
Joey: Ttyl
Summary: Joey is about to take a nap. He will talk to Gerard later.
Dialogue: Kinga: I came out to my parents
Matthew: How did they react?
Kinga: Totally cool
Kinga: They said they knew
Kinga: And it doesn't change anything how they see me
Kinga: And what they feel for me
Matthew: You have great parents
Kinga: They are cool
Kinga: But I was a bit nervous before coming out
Kinga: I heard horrible stories from my friends
Matthew: And how about other people?
Matthew: Do they know?
Kinga: The closest people know
Kinga: The rest, well, I would have to come out everyday
Kinga: Let's say in a shop, good morning I'm gay, two kilo of potatoes please
Kinga: I don't see a point
Matthew: hahaha
Summary: Kinga came out as gay to her parents. They already knew that and were fine with it.
Dialogue: Mark: Hey, sorry to be disturbing you. I know you're probably busy with classes, but can you call me when you finish? I have something important to tell you...
Cynthia: You know what, I probably can't make it today - I end pretty late. Can't you send me a text about whatever is going on?
Mark: It's... about money... Something doesn't add up. Okay, I'll wait, if you find 5 minutes in the evening that would be great - it's not that important.
Mark: But seriously, don't worry about it ;)
Cynthia: I don't think I ever gave you money back for the pasta... How much do I owe you?
Mark: Nooo, it's not about the pasta, something different - just call in the evening and I'll explain everything calmly and you really have nothing to worry about
Cynthia: Yeah, but you also covered my stay... I'll call you if I get the chance, but I really am ending late (which is why a text message would be better)
Mark: Look, if you don't manage to call me today, then you can call me tomorrow. And please, stop worring because you don't have to - when we'll talk I'll explain :)
Summary: Mark wants to talk with Cynthia about money today. She ends classes late so she suggests sending a text message. Mark insists on calling, today or tomorrow.
Dialogue: Svetlana: Hello, I am Svetlana from Moscow.
Manpreet : Hello, I am Manpreet from Punjab. 
Svetlana: Where do you study?
Manpreet: I study in St. Anne's college, the one opposite to Herald Hospital.
Svetlana: Yes, i know. I too study in the same college. 
Manpreet: Is it? which stream are you in?
Svetlana: I'm pursuing Law.
Manpreet: Oh, ok. I'm  into Fashion Designing.
Summary: Svetlana and Manpreet introduce themselves to each other and find out they both study at the same college.
Dialogue: Adam: Hi Mona said you bought a new TV?
Carl: Yes, we broke old.
Adam: Which model?
Carl: Philips Ambilight 55 E524532.
Summary: Carl bought a new Philips Ambilight 55 E524532 TV because the old one is broken.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi sweetie
Daniel: How are you?
Daniel: How are kids?
Irene: Hi honey, I miss you!
Irene: I'm fine and the kids are naughty as always :)
Daniel: I can't wait to see you all
Irene: What time do you think you'll be home?
Daniel: 10 p.m. hon
Irene: I should be still awake, I'm waiting for you
Daniel: You're the best, I love you
Irene: Love you too <3
Summary: Daniel will come back home after 10 pm. Irene will wait for Daniel.
Dialogue: Julian: first of all, my gf has birthday tomorrow
Julian: I need your help
Susan: She will probably enjoy cosmetics
Wanda: yes, I saw her instagram. She knows how to deal with make-up
Julian: Can you recommend any brand?
Susan: Buy Burberry Lip Velvet Crush lipstick
Susan: She will be satisfied for sure.
Wanda: I heard about that brand. ppl love it.
Julian: Thanks, she adores lipsticks
Wanda: good for u!
Susan: Don't forget about flowers, we love them!
Julian: ya, I remember about that
Julian: thank you girls
Summary: Julian's girlfriend has birthday tomorrow. Wanda and Susan recommend Julian to buy some flowers and cosmetics for her, eg. Burberry Lip Velvet Crush lipstick.
Dialogue: Bob: hey, can you bring me the external drive from the office?
Ann: yeah, just give me 2 minutes, need to finish this email
Bob: ok :) thx!
Ann: np :)
Summary: Ann needs to finish an e-mail. Then Ann will bring the external drive from the office to Bob at his request.
Dialogue: Mia: hey, what are you up to tonight?
Ruby: Dunno yet, why?
Mia: there's a party at john's place
Mia: wanna go?
Ruby: Hmm. How come I don't know about it?
Mia: no idea :O maybe you forgot or he forgot or something
Ruby: Heh, I guess... Okay, I'm going.
Mia: wonderful! meet me and olivia at her place at 5:30pm and we'll go together?
Ruby: Sure! See you :).
Mia: <3
Summary: Mia and Ruby are going to meet at Olivia's place at 5:30pm to go together for a party at John's place.
Dialogue: Mary: what are we having for dinner?
James: fried shrimp?
Mary: not again
James: I love fried shrimp
Mary: do you love me?
James: yes
Mary: as much as fried shrimp?
James: ........yes.
Summary: James and Mary will have fried shrimp for dinner. Mary is fed up with it but James loves it and does not mind eating it often.
Dialogue: Greg: can't log in
Sam: same, still in queue
Greg: 20000 people ahead, what's wrong with this game?
Sam: new event patch, you shouldn't be surprised by that anymore
Sam: it's always the same thing when they release a new event patch
Greg: still having to wait for so long just to log in
Sam: I'm more worried about the lack of estimated time
Sam: it just says 20000 people ahead
Sam: without any changes for like 10 minutes already
Greg: I guess we have to postpone our games for tomorrow
Sam: yeah it's probably the best thing to do
Sam: even if we manage to log in, I'm not sure how stable the servers would be
Summary: Sam and Greg decide to postpone their games until tomorrow as it is taking too long to log in. 
