Dialogue: Madeline: How are you doing guys? any news?
Harrison: I'm fine, but super busy at work these days
Robert: I'm ok! you?
Madeline: Not bad, when are we going to see each other again? I miss you guys!
Robert: and where?
Harrison: I live in Berlin now, Robert in Sevilla, are you at least still in Edinburgh?
Madeline: Yes, I think I'll never move from here, too settled 
Harrison: Maybe we could meet in some warm place, like Malta?
Robert: or at my place in Spain?
Madeline: It can be a bit difficult for me with the kids. Do you hate Edinburgh so much?
Harrison: It's not about Edinburgh. I hate winter and rain. I want some SUN finally 
Harrison: Can't you take Tom and kids to sevilla?
Madeline: Actually I could probably, the problem is that it's always difficult for Tom to give on holiday
Madeline: and I don't work right now, taking care of the kids
Harrison: I can't believe it. Such a feminist once, such a housewife now!
Madeline: I know 😅 but it's rather a coincidence 
Robert: What do you mean?
Madeline: Tom was on paternity leave but then I lost the job, so it just happened 
Madeline: and as a programmer he earns much better than I ever could 
Robert: sure
Madeline: a separate question is how much there is structural inequality in all of this
Madeline: you see! We have to meet and talk, spend some time together. Free me from this housewife's prison
Robert: Talk to Tom first, then we will know what the situation is
Madeline: ok!
Summary: Harrison lives in Berlin now and he's been busy at work lately. Robert setlled in Sevilla and Madeline in Edinburgh. Madeline lost her job and she is a housewife now. She will talk to her husband, Tom, about going to Sevilla with kids to meet Robert and Harrison.
Dialogue: Hetty: do you know how I can get an app on the ipad from internet
Alfred: through the app store
Hetty: no I mean if you are already on a site
Alfred: what site?
Hetty: if you are on a website and you want to make it an app
Alfred: oh like a shortcut to a link
Hetty: yeah that
Alfred: when you are on the website there is a square with an arrow at the top
Hetty: hold on, just opening the website
Hetty: where is the square?
Alfred: In the top right somewhere
Hetty: where? I can't see it
Alfred: <file_photo>
Hetty: oh yeah, got it
Alfred: if you look in there there should be a button called add to home screen or link to homescreen or something
Hetty: hold on
Hetty: is it in more?
Alfred: No I don't think so, bottom row I think
Hetty: oh yeah I found it
Alfred: then give it a name and off you go!
Hetty: oh wow, thanks lovely xx
Alfred: no worries mum
Alfred: what site are you on anyway
Hetty: in my Hotmail
Alfred: but that has  a link already!
Hetty: where?
Alfred: the envelope in the bottom row of your ipad!!!!
Hetty: oh is that my Hotmail? I didn't know!
Alfred: there you go, learned two things!
Hetty: thanks lovely xx
Summary: Alfred tells his mum, Hetty, how to create a shortcut on an iPad and where to find her e-mail app.
Dialogue: Mary: Where are you?
Tom: in Grenada :P
Poppy: lucky bastard
Tom: I am!
Poppy: I'm at the office Mary
Mary: me too :(
Summary: Tom is in Grenada while Mary and Poppy are at the office. 
Dialogue: Darrell: Hey, are you back yet?
Heidi: Hi, yes, I actually came back!!!
Darrell: Cool. How was it?
Heidi: It felt like I woke up from a coma.
Darrell: hehe
Heidi: Yeah, really weird. Have you moved to lublanska yet?
Darrell: Yeah, we moved. It sucks now, it's so far.
Heidi: Yeah, but now we work so close to each other.
Darrell: That's about the only positive. You know it takes me an 1h 20m to get here. That's over 2.5 h for commuting.
Heidi: Maybe you should consider taking your car.
Darrell: Maybe, but it burns so much.
Heidi: Get a new car! The newer cars burn like 5 nowadays.
Darrell: Yeah, I'd love to, but no moollah!
Heidi: I know what you mean. Everything keeps going up except our salaries.
Darrell: Tell me about it. All my fav. restaurants jacked up their prices.
Heidi: Speaking of which, let's have lunch? :)
Darrell: Ok. See you at 12:30
Summary: Darrell has moved to Lublanska. He spends over 2.5 h commuting, so he should get a new car. Now he and Heidi work close to each other. They'll have a lunch together at 12:30.
Dialogue: Norma: Should we meet tonight for a pint?
Lenny: yes yes yes!
Jackie: sure, would be nice to catch up
Norma: about 8?
Lenny: I'd prefer 6-6.30 even
Lenny: Marie wants to go out later as well and we can't leave Nicky alone
Norma: sure, 6.30 is fine for me
Jackie: for me as well
Summary: Norma, Lenny and Jackie are meeting tonight for a pint around 6.30.
Dialogue: Libbie: mom when you will be at home?
Mom: in 20 minutes
Libbie: can you buy bread on your way?
Mom: ok
Summary: Mom will be home soon and she will buy bread on her way.
Dialogue: Amit: How many foamed cabinets are left in the first bay?
Choula: Dunno. Will have to count.
Amit: K. Quickly please.
Choula: Right away.
Amit: The meeting is waiting for the info.
Choula: I'm doing it!
Amit: KK
Choula: 3,432
Amit: That sound wrong.
Choula: You can count them yourself.
Amit: I believe you.
Choula: I can count again to verify. One sec.
Amit: I'll go with 3432.
Choula: Yes. 3,432.
Amit: That won't go over well!
Choula: Oh well!
Summary: There are 3,432 foamed cabinets left in the first bay according to Choula. Amit is afraid that won't go over well.
Dialogue: Monica: Have you seen that hottie on your left?
Monica: He's been checking you out since we walked into the bus
Sarah: Yeah
Sarah: I felt his eyes on me
Sarah: I got used to such situations
Sarah: It's normal cuz I'm hot
Sarah: I'm a realist and I'm self-conscious
Sarah: I don't even bother paying attention to those horny losers
Monica: Wow, Sarah, I didn't expect you're so prideful!
Sarah: I told you, I'm a realist
Sarah: Look, I don't care if a boy is handsome, it's actually a common quality
Sarah: Of course, it could be a nice bonus but what I value the most is inteligence
Monica: That's very profound. I've never seen this side of you before
Monica: I feel surprised. In a positive way ofc
Monica: Hope you'll find someone with all the qualities you like someday :)
Sarah: Thanks Monica, you're a good friend :)
Summary: Sarah doesn't care about a handsome guy who was looking at her in the bus. She's self-aware and values inteligence more than the looks. Monica is positively surprised and impressed.
Dialogue: Leah: got 1 free ticket for split tonight at 7:45pm, who's in?
Zara: me! me!
Rose: meeee
Rose: noooo
Leah: Zara was first, sorry Rose :<
Rose :(
Summary: Leah will give Zara 1 free ticket for tonight at 7:45 pm. Rose responded too late, so she won't get any.
Dialogue: Chloe: what do you want for dinner?
Bella: idk veggie burgers?
Bella: btw i'll be late, i need to pick up my order from h&m
Chloe: ok
Chloe: can you buy two tins of beans on your way home?
Bella:  black, white or kidney beans?
Chloe: i usually use white beans, but it doesn't really matter
Bella: ok, i'll buy them. do you need anything else?
Chloe: no, thanks! :)
Summary: Bella and Chloe will have vegetarian burgers for dinner. Bella will pick up her order from H&M and buy the ingredients for the burgers.
Dialogue: Monica: Jessica has a boyfriend?!?! WHAT?
Jasmine: yes, she does, finally - I talked to her about it last week
Monica: no way... who is he?!
Jasmine: yeah, she is sooo in love , well I don't know much really, he is a fireman and that's it
Monica: can't believe it
Jasmine: hahaha yeah, me neither, i don't really talk to her that much anymore to be honest
Summary: Jessica has a boyfriend finally. He is a fireman. Monica can't believe it, neither Jasmine.
Dialogue: Tyler: wanna go to the basketball game tm?
James: who's playing?
Tyler: UofL and UK
James: wait really??
Tyler: yes haha 
James: thats a super big game how u get tickets??
Tyler: I have a friend thats working it and got me tickets
James: yes yes I wanna go its Saturday right??
Tyler: you all ready know hahaha 
James: because I wanted to go and couldn't get tickets 
Tyler: well now we can go, maybe drive together? parking will be crazy 
James: yeah!  we can take my car
Tyler: awesome I will sen you a copy of the tickets 
James: ok great!
Summary: Tyler has tickets for Saturday's UofL and UK basketball game. He got them from a friend who works it. James will go with Tyler by car. Tyler will send him a copy of the tickets.
Dialogue: Robert: Hey, what are you up to tonight?
Sandy: I was supposed to meet up with Janet, but she cancelled on me. U?
Robert: I was thinking about going out myself. Wanna do something fun?
Sandy: Sure. Anything particular in mind?
Robert: Not really. You know of anything going on tonight?
Sandy: Well, there's this exhibition of modern art...
Robert: Sorry, not a fan. Don't really get modern art. Don't know why. 
Sandy: Really? I love modern art.
Robert: How come? You don't seem the type...
Sandy: And what "type" likes modern art?
Robert: You know, the geeky type...
Sandy: So, I'm a geek?
Robert: Still, better than a nerd ;)
Sandy: LOL. Probably. 
Robert: Anything else? Maybe the movies?
Sandy: Haven't been to the cinema in a while. Anything good on at the moment?
Robert: I'll check. Brb.
Sandy: Ok.
Robert: Sorry to keep you waiting. There are three to choose from: horror, romantic comedy, documentary.
Sandy: Well, I'm not a fan of horrors... They scare me to death...
Robert: That's the point, isn't it? ;)
Sandy: Maybe. Still...
Robert: Okay then. Not the horror. The documentary? Building dams in Afghanistan. Sounds fun?
Sandy: More fun than the vampires, blood, scary creatures...
Robert: What time do you want to go? 6:30? 7:30? 8:30?
Sandy: 7:30 is fine. 
Robert: So 7:00 at the cinema?
Sandy: Let's make it 7:15. 
Robert: Sure. See you there.
Sandy: Bye. 
Summary: Robert and Sandy are planning to go out together, but Robert doesn't like modern art, although Sandy loves it. They are considering to go to the movies. Sandy doesn't like horrors. They decide to go to see a documentary about Afghanistan at 7.30. They will meet at 7.15 at the cinema.
t 
Dialogue: Anne: Mum's seeing someone :/
Yvonne: I had my suspicions
Anne: And you didn't tell me?!
Yvonne: Why wouldn't I? it's her life, if she didn't tell you, maybe she wasn't ready, it's her choice
Anne: Ok, but she's still my mother. I think she should have told us
Yvonne: Have you told her about your every single boyfriend?
Anne: Come on! It's not the same, she's our mother for fuck's sake!
Yvonne: And still a person. I don't get why you're so upset about this
Anne: It's been only four months since dad left her, isn't it a bit early for going out with other people?
Yvonne: you really think that? Dad left her for another woman
Anne: So?
Yvonne: So his own marriage didn’t stop him from meeting other women, I’m proud of her, she deserves to be happy
Anne: Of course she does, I just think it’s too early
Yvonne: You’re just upset she didn’t tell you and that she has her secrets
Anne: Don’t be ridiculous, I worry about her
Anne: At this stage she’s too vulnerable
Yvonne: She’s an adult, I think she can handle her love life perfectly fine ;)
Summary: Mum's seeing someone and she didn't tell Yvonne or Anne. 
Dialogue: Tony: Do you have any recommendation for us? What we should see in NYC?
Sally: the regular stuff: MOMA, Guggenheim, empire State Buiding etc.
Tony: but maybe anything not so well known?
Sally: go to Ellis Island
Sally: they have an amazing museum about immigration
Tony: that sounds good!
Sally: you'll like it
Tony: thanks!
Sally: you're welcome
Summary: Tony gives recommendations on what Sally should see in NYC.
Dialogue: Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: Dear Ella and Jamie, we wish you a wonderful Christmas - wherever you are going to celebrate it!
Ella: <file_photo>
Ella: Thank you my dear! From our Havana abode we are wishing you a lovely time with your family at Christmas!
Ella: Have you got some Xmas tree? Here in Cuba nobody celebrates Christmas, it seems. But a holiday flat opposite ours has some sort of Xmas decoration.
Ella: <file_photo>
Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: My little Christmas tree, bought on the side of the road, made by Africans.
Ella: I think I like this tree very much!
Tina: :)) Bill is rather skeptical and says that its only good feature is that it will shed no needles. Will you be celebrating?
Ella: Not really. In fact we never do, apart from a few jokes about a Xmas dinner. In a country like this it is easy to forget it is Christmastide. We really don't care. I would still do something at home but don't bother while travelling. And you?
Tina: My daughter Laura and her hubby are coming down from Jo'burg, so I guess we'll have a grand Christmas meal. Bill loves preparing all these English things and Laura is quite mad about them too. I'll bake a proper south African sugarcane cake.
Ella: Never tried this one!
Tina: It's really a joke, more of a traditional name than anything. And too sweet to be enjoyed. Just a Xmas treat. Did you have traditional dishes in Poland, the ones your mother used to prepare for Christmas?
Ella: Oh yes, plenty! But I liked only few of them. I wish I could taste them again though. :( weep,weep..
Tina: Good old days of childhood... When I think about Howick in the days of my childhood and how it has changed for worse, it makes me cringe. Good that my mother didn't live long enough to experience all this deterioration. No good thoughts for Xmas.
Ella: But good to remember our loved ones!
Tina: Right you are. Then once more: Happy Christmas to you both!
Ella: And a happy Christmas to you, dear Tina and Bill! With kind regards to your family!
Tina: Thank you dear.
Summary: Tina and Ella wish each other a happy Christmas. Ella and Jamie are spending Christmas in their Havana abode and they do not plan to celebrate. Tina bought a Christmas tree. Tina's daughter Laura and her husband are coming from Johannesburg. Tina and Bill will prepare a grand Christmas meal.
Dialogue: Ronnie: hey, I'm in Tesco and look
Ronnie: they've got discount on your dad's favourite coffee
Ronnie: <file_photo>
Georgia: wow, that is a really good price!
Georgia: pls buy 5 packs
Georgia: I remember that granny likes this coffee too
Ronnie: okie dokie
Ronnie: do you want anything else?
Georgia: buy some chocolate cookies :D
Ronnie: <file_gif>
Summary: Ronnie is in Tesco and there's a discount for Georgia's dad's favourite coffee. He will get 5 packs for her, and some chocolate cookies. 
Dialogue: Pete: hey
Laura: hello 
Pete: how are you? 
Laura: fine thanks 
Pete: will we meet today? 
Laura: sure 
Laura: :) 
Summary: Laura and Pete are going to meet today. 
Dialogue: Felicity: <file_photo> combines impact and effort
Joe: I know it... unfort it doesnt cover my problem completely
Felicity: what do you mena?
Joe: I used this chart, but it doesn't include shortage of time unfort, and this is the main thing
Felicity: uuu I get it :P
Summary: Felicity sent a photo to Joe. He is not satisfied with it.
Dialogue: Martha: I just got accepted!!!
Jay: Whaaaat!!! Congratulations! This is amazing!
Martha: <file_photo>
Martha: Here's my unconditional offer :)
Jay: So proud of you <3 Are then ready to go?
Martha: I just booked my tickets, I'm flying on 12 September
Jay: That's in less than a month!
Martha: hahaha I know, time flies
Martha: I'm worried though because I still have no place to stay
Jay: Hm, are you looking for a flat, a room or student halls?
Martha: Honestly? I'd take anything at this stage
Jay: Have you checked if the university has a student accommodation programme?
Martha: Yes, they do, but it's only for full time students ;/ it's ridiculous, because I applied for the part time as I can't afford to just study, therefore I need to pay more for my accommodation. Fuck logic
Jay: Hah, seems like that, doesn't make any sense to me either
Martha: So I'm not entitled to any accommodation programme and I'm probably at the end of the list to get a room at student halls
Jay: Maybe a private one? How expensive are the flats?
Martha: Crazy expensive... I most probably can't afford it, but maybe it'll be possible to share with someone
Jay: I may ask around, I think I have some friends there, I can ask around, maybe they'll have a spare room
Martha: Could you that? I'd need to stay somewhere until I can get my head around the city, uni, people...
Martha: Oh my, I am excited, but also scared as hell...
Jay: It'll be fun, you'll see!
Martha: It definitely would be fun if I have a place to stay
Jay: Don't be so overdramatic, it'll work out :D
Summary: Martha got accepted at university as part time student. She's just booked a ticket for 12th September. She doesn't have a place to stay. Flats are expensive and she doesn't have right to any accommodation program. Jay will ask around if his friends have a spare room.
Dialogue: Des: I'm hungry
Wanda: already?
Des: <file_gif>
Wanda: ok, ok
Wanda: in a half?
Des: yes!
Wanda: see u :)
Summary: Des is hungry. He and Wanda are going to meet in half an hour.
Dialogue: Lucas: Howard and Nancy are coming to visit me on Saturday
Lucas: how about you John? Wanna join us?
John: this Saturday?
Lucas: that's right, in the afternoon.
John: damnit. I want but I can't...
Lucas: Come on, why?
John: this Saturday I'm working until 5 p.m. and then I have an appointment at the dentist's
Lucas: oh my... looks like a busy and unpleasant time...
Lucas: I'm sorry for you, John
John: there certainly are things in life you cannot skip
John: but thanks a lot Luc, I appreciate that you invited me anyway :)
Lucas: no problem, you're my friend, bro :)
Lucas: hope you won't suffer too much at the dentist's
John: thanks!
John: don't worry, he's a real professional, I trust him
Lucas: good for you
John: yeah. Have fun on Saturday and say hello for me, please. Bye
Lucas: Thanks, I will! Bye
Summary: Howard and Nancy are visiting Lucas on Saturday, but John can't join because of work.
Dialogue: Glenda: Have you seen weather forecast ?
Martin: Yes, it is going to be warm and sunny
Glenda: Damn, why did I already pack all my summer stuff ??
Summary: According to the forecast, the weather is going to be warm and sunny.
Dialogue: Peg: i got a cold :(
Tyson: typical this time of year 
Peg: here's the voice of a sympathetic man, thx Ty!
Ridge: u take anything?
Peg: some pills. aspirin and stuff
Landry: i feel shit too. any good ideas?
Landry: i mean home recipes
Nettie: i know. hot water, cinamon, lemon, honey
Nettie: plenty of all, drink hot
Nettie: go to bed straight after. sweats a lot
Landry: sounds better than garlic my mum tortuted me with all life
Peg: ill try this one out too
Tyson: i know 1 too, but pretty hardcore
Peg: ok
Tyson: lemon and honey are the same. only 190 proof alc
Landry: that is srsly cool
Summary: Peg and Landry are sick. They receive pieces of advice how to get better.
Dialogue: Mark: We'll be late 1 hour, sorry guys, you can start without us
Paul: No, we will wait with the dinner
Steven: Take your time, we're enjoying a nice chat
Mark: ok, thanks a lot
Summary: Mark will be an hour late for the dinner.
