Dialogue: Franklin: Juan, I badly missed your jokes. Tell me a joke now.
Juan: Sure. Ok, tell me, how do you put an elephant in a fridge?
Franklin: I don’t know.
Juan: It’s easy. You just open the fridge and put it in. I have another question.
Franklin: Okay. Ask.
Juan: How to put the donkey inside the fridge?
Franklin: It’s easy. You just open the fridge and put it in.
Juan: No. You just open the fridge, take out the elephant and put the donkey inside.
Franklin: Oh ok.
Juan: Let me ask another one. If all the animals went to the lion’s birthday party and one animal went missing. Which one would it be?
Franklin: I don’t know
Juan: It’s the donkey. Because it’s still inside the fridge.
Franklin: Are you kidding me?
Juan: No Franklin. One last question.
Franklin: Ok.
Juan: If there is a river full of crocodiles and you wanted to cross, how would you?
Franklin: There is no way. I would need a boat to cross.
Juan: No man. You just swim and cross the river. Because all the animals including crocodiles went to the lion’s birthday party.
Franklin: It’s enough buddy, I never ask you to tell a joke again.
Summary: Franklin wants Juan to tell him a joke. Juan tells a joke about an elephant, a donkey, the lion and crocodiles. For Franklin it's enough and he doesn't want any other jokes. 
Dialogue: Martha: My vacuum cleaner is dead!
Andrew: When did it break?
Martha: Just now. 
Martha: The guests are coming and it's Sunday
Martha: No way I can get a new one now
Andrew: Maybe you can ask your neighbours if you can borrow theirs
Martha: I guess I have no choice
Martha: I failed miserably
Martha: The neighbours are either gone or they won't lend me.
Andrew: WTF??
Martha: It's really annoying. 
Martha: I'll use the broom.
Martha: Not great for the carpets, but what to do?
Summary: Martha's vacuum cleaner broke. The guests are coming and it's Sunday, so it's not possible for her to get a new one now. She tried to borrow a vacuum cleaner from the neighbours, but didn't succeed. She will have to use a broom then. 
Dialogue: Dave: OMG, I'm a dork!
Lynn: ???
Dave: I was just cranking the volume on my computer when my headset is plugged in!
Lynn: LOL! Couldn't hear? LOL!!!
Dave: LOL!!! Dork!!!
Lynn: Totally!!!
Dave: Oh well, on to my next stupid move of the day!
Summary: Dave was turning up the volume on his computer with his headset plugged in.
Dialogue: Thomas: Tequilla is my favorite strong alcohol
Thomas: You can drink it warm
Thomas: You eat lemon instead of washing down with unhealthy coke
Thomas: And no hangover
Neil: Well... You're right. But it tastes awful and I prefer simple vodka.
Thomas: Nah. Bleh.
Summary: Tequila is Thomas' favorite alcohol. Neil prefers vodka.  
Dialogue: Walter: Have you bought Dad a Christmas gift yet?
Susan: No. Have you?
Walter: No, not yet.
Susan: What are you thinking of getting him?
Walter: A new razor, maybe. And you?
Susan: The same.
Walter: Oh. Well, I can get him a CD I guess. It's more interesting than the winter socks he always asks for.
Susan: Whatever you want to do. I may not end up getting him a razor after all. 
Summary: Walter and Susan haven't bought dad a Christmas gift yet. They're thinking of giving him a razor or a CD.
Dialogue: Ellie-Mae: Hi Nanna, how are you in Spain?
Pearl: Hello, darling, Happy Birthday!
Ellie-Mae: Thank you, can't believe I'm 14!
Pearl: Enjoy it, darling, best time of your life!
Ellie-Mae: Thanks for the gift card, Nanna. I'm going to use it for make-up!
Pearl: I thought you would dear! I loved make-up at your age, course, rationing had only just finished, wasn't the choice then!
Ellie-Mae: I'm getting pearly highlighter, a contouring set and a brow kit.
Pearl: Sounds lovely, you'll look ever so glam!
Ellie-Mae: I'll give you a make over when you come at Christmas, Nanna.
Pearl: Oh, yes please! People will think we're sisters then!
Ellie-Mae: LOLZ 😂
Pearl: Ok, cheeky! You know Step-Grandpa Vince is coming too, he's so looking forward to meeting you all!
Ellie-Mae: Yes, he sounds fun! Will he play Xbox with me and Jamie?
Pearl: I'm sure he'll give it a go! Love you darling, bye!
Ellie-Mae: Bye Nanna xxxx
Summary: Ellie-Mae is turning 14 today. Pearl is in Spain. She's sent Ellie-Mae a gift-card. Ellie-Mae is going to buy pearly highlighter, a contouring set and a brow kit with it. Pearl is coming for Christmas, and so is Step-Grandpa Vince. He will play Xbox with Ellie-Mae and Jamie.
Dialogue: Alex: where are you?
Nicole: at the National Library
Alex: why? After the deadline?
Nicole: the university deadline, but I have another work as well...
Alex: oh, I'm sorry
Alex: so when are you free?
Nicole: I'll finish about 10PM
Alex: wanna have a bier afterwards
Nicole: with pleasure. At the bookstore bar?
Alex: perfect :)
Summary: Nicole is working at the National Library and finishes at 10PM. Nicole is eager to have a beer with Alex at the bookstore bar afterwards.
Dialogue: Natalie: Where are you in June?
Simone: in Italy
Tim: how long?
Simone: more or less the whole month
Summary: Simone will be in Italy for more or less the whole month of June.
Dialogue: Lupa: Risk Management, know anything about it? :)
Martha: Yeah, I had it as one of my electives last year.
Lupa: Was it hard?
Martha: Umm... let's say, boring :)
Lupa: Hmm... I've already selected it, and I can't opt out now. Did you have to study a lot, though?
Martha: Not really. We had a great teacher. He explained things really well in class, so it was quite comprehensible :)
Lupa: I wonder who I'll get. Do you think male teachers are better?
Martha: In business courses or overall?
Lupa: Overall.
Martha: I don't know, it depends whether they're dreamy or not :) Just kidding! It really depends on the subject.
Lupa: Which book did you have?
Martha: I couldn't tell you the name of it; it's all in the past and long forgotten. If I find it, I'll send you a pic.
Lupa: Ok, thanks. See you next week.
Martha: Take care
Lupa: Oh wait, there's something I've been meaning to ask you.
Martha: Ok
Lupa: We have to meet in person for me to explain it all. We'll talk later, bye.
Summary: Lupa will be taking Risk Management classes. Martha had it last year. It was boring, but didn't require much studying, as they had a good teacher. She can't remember the name of their book, but if she can find it, she'll send Lupa a picture. Lupa needs to talk to Martha in person about something.
Dialogue: Mr. Smiths: Good morning. We need one scientist, who's a natural sciences specialist, preferably an archeologist or a chemist.
Dalia: Good morning. I will think about it. I know one geologist.
Mr. Smiths: Geologist would be fine. Remember that this person has to entertain people with science.
Dalia: I am aware of that. I will contact him ASAP. I am going to ask around too. 
Mr. Smiths: Thank you. The conference will be held on 15th of April.
Mr. Smiths: I am creating a guests list. Are you willing to help on this one?
Dalia: Sure, when would I be needed?
Mr. Smiths:  You're already in the process of planning it. But if you wish, you can help with organization, on 14th and 15th.
Mr. Smiths: I'll send you the details if you're interested.
Dalia: Ok, I 'm in. It sounds exciting.
Mr. Smiths: I'm sure this will be a nice experience, for sure different than being at the office.
Dalia: Thank you for this opportunity. 
Mr. Smiths: No problem.
Mr. Smiths: Check your emailbox please.
Dalia: Okay, checking.
Summary: Dalia will help Mr. Smiths in organising a scientific conference that will be held on 15th of April.  
Dialogue: Luke: I really suck at this game
Ryan: welcome to my world friend ;)
Luke: I don't understand it
Luke: usually I'm pretty good with such games
Ryan: you'll get used to it
Ryan: after all you just started
Ryan: others have tons of experience
Luke: maybe you're right
Luke: it's just frustrating to die over and over again
Luke: sometimes I feel that I'm waiting for respawn much more than I'm actually playing
Ryan: what do you want me to say?
Ryan: I feel that way with every multiplayer game
Luke: stick with single player ;)
Ryan: I'm trying :P
Ryan: but there are interesting games without single player mode
Ryan: and I want to try those as well
Ryan: there's always a chance that I will suck less at one of them ;)
Luke: good luck with that ;)
Luke: I know how you play so that will be hard :P
Ryan: you see, I even suck at my own expectations :P
Luke: you used to play quite a bit of FPS games
Luke: so I don't know why you got so bad at it
Ryan: I'm getting older ;)
Ryan: not to mention that I don't have the time to put hours into grinding and getting better ;)
Luke: priorities, we all have to choose between being really good at video games and having a life ;) 
Ryan: RL for me
Ryan: all the way ;) 
Luke: smart choice :P
Summary: Luke is surprised to be so bad at the new game. Ryan is always bad at multiplayer games. He doesn't have time to play and instead he chooses real life. 
Dialogue: Pamela: Are you asleep?
Karin: Not yet
Karin: Reading :)
Pamela: Can you tell Sam to please check her phone 😁
Karin: Hahaha ok
Summary: Pamela asks Karin to tell Sam to check her phone.
Dialogue: Kay: I would never date a man younger than my kids and grandkids. :)
Ira: don't worry we not looking for old wrinkled ladies.
Kay: :)
Paul: why not
Kay: Ira---exactly.
Jeff: Well guess what were not your kids thank god...
Alan: Ira, grow up dickhead! You are 30 + year old still living in his parents basement.
Kashif: Kay, I think you don't know about the charm of a men younger than you...
Summary: Kay would never date a much younger man.
Dialogue: Noah: I'm gonna be late!
Clair: OK. I'll wait. 
Noah: Sorry. Some traffic jam. 3 more minutes. 
Clair: OK. Chill. 
Summary: Noah is late because of some traffic jam.
Dialogue: Colin: good news for omar!!
Colin: he got accepted into grad schol!
Rachel: good for him!
Rachel: i have a question for you though...
Rachel: who's omar? lol
Colin: what do you mean who's omar?
Colin: he's annie's friend
Colin: you've met him a thousand times!!!
Rachel: I LITERALLY have no idea who that is ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Rachel: lol -- no idea!!! hahaha
Colin: he works at that record shop on victory street
Colin: long greasy hair
Colin: always smiling :-D great guy
Rachel: ooooohhhhhh...
Rachel: OMAR!!!!!!
Rachel: lol jk i STILL have no idea who this omar is
Colin: i'm getting confused now
Colin: maybe you haven't met him after all lol
Rachel: i'm sure i haven't
Rachel: but congratulations to him!! lol
Summary: Omar got admitted into grad school. Rachel doesn't know who Omar is.
Dialogue: James: Miss Smith, are you there?
Sarah: Yes, James. What's the matter?
James: I'm afraid there's a problem with my essay.
Sarah: Oh?
James: Well, our history teacher told us today that we're having a big test tomorrow. It's a bit unexpected
James: Could I send you the essay one day later?
Sarah: Ok, but make sure I get it by Friday! 
James: Of course, thanks so much!
Sarah: No problem. :)
Summary: James asks Sarah if due to a big history test tomorrow he can submit his essay one day later. Sarah agrees.
Dialogue: Elena: My battery is getting off soon
Catherine: Damn
Elena: 10% more and no possibility to charge it :/
Catherine: ok, so we will talk when you will get home
Elena: sure, it will be in around 6 h
Catherine: ok, i will wait, bye!
Elena: 
Catherine: 
Summary: Elena will talk to Catherine in around 6 hours when she gets home, because she only has 10% battery left.
Dialogue: Joan: the weather is so nice today 😍
Layla: ikr 😍
Joan: let's go somewhere
Layla: Camden?
Joan: good idea
Joan: i am ready to go, i can be at your place in 15 minutes
Layla: me too
Layla: see you very soon!
Joan: coming!
Summary: The weather is nice, so Joan and Layla are going to Camden Market together.
Dialogue: William: hey :) are you busy rn?
Madison: hi! no :)
William: do you want to come over for the dinner?
William: i've made a TON of spaghetti and meat balls and it's freaking good
William: i feel like gordon ramsay now :D
Madison: i'm on my way!!
Summary: Madison is on her way to join William for dinner. 
Dialogue: Brenda: Hello bro, you've got an invalid sister. I fell in the bathroom and badly hit my side. Can hardly move now.
Andy: Good gracious! How did you manage that?
Brenda: The floor was wet after I had a shower and I wanted to shake the rug, moved too fast, slipped, and hit with a thump my left side below the breast against the edge of the bathtub. Took my breath away for a sec. I even yelled or groaned or gasped. Anyway I was on the floor, shocked. Absolutely shocked. I thought, so that's how it happens. But I managed to get up and didn't realise the pain until I stretched to put my nighty on. Oh bro... Horrible....
Andy: You could have killed yourself. Where are you now?
Brenda: In bed. But I can hardly move. It's very painful all over the body. SHIIIIT!
Andy: Maybe you should call in an ambulance? Are you sure you haven't broken something? A rib?
Brenda: No, then I'd be howling with pain. It's just the impact of the fall that has, I don't know, damaged the tissue. Whatever I have here. Fat I suppose. It has to heal by itself.
Andy: Can you breath normally?
Brenda: Yes. I can't take a deep breath though.
Andy: Can you touch your bruised side? Is it swollen? Red?
Brenda: I can touch it, not press of course, but stroke. No, it isn't swollen. The skin is as usual, no discolouration. But this will come later, I suppose.
Andy: Not necessarily. It might as well remain unaffected. I mean the epidermis, the skin itself. Though I'd expect it to develop a bruise.
Andy: Are you coughing? Coughing blood?
Brenda: God! No! I'll see how I feel in the morning. I just need a rest. I feel so rotten, bro...
Andy: My worry would be that you've damaged something inside you. You know, split spleen, punctured lung.That sort of thing.You just watch your body.
Brenda: Yes, I will. I understand what you mean. I thought so as well. Just see how I feel tomorrow morning. Fucking hell! I can hardly pull myself up.
Andy: If I were you, I would go and see the doc first thing in the morning.
Brenda: And he'll send me to have an x-ray. I can't bear the thought of driving or even walking.
Andy: Well, he can come to your place and you'll be driven to hospital in an ambulance.
Brenda: You stop scaring the shit out of me! I am not that invalid. It's just bloody painful but I think I'm in one piece.
Andy: I don't know Brenda. One shouldn't take it too light those falls. You may still be in a state of shock and are underrating your condition. Will you phone me first thing in the morning please? Still from bed? Luise is gone by 7:30, so you won't be waking anyone up.
Brenda: OK brother. I will give you a call. Of course if I'm still alive.
Andy: Sister!! Anyway I wish you a good night's sleep. Have a good rest!
Brenda: Thanks bro. Sleep tight too. 
Brenda: And don't worry about me.
Summary: Brenda fell in the bathroom and badly hit her site. She is now in bed with a lot of pains. She can't take a deep breath. Her brother, Andy, is afraid she damaged something inside her body and tells her to watch it. He wants her to call him in the morning to report how she feels.
Dialogue: Aiden: Have you subscribed my channel?
Mia: Nop I havent 
Aiden: :/
Mia: Whats the name?
Aiden: Tuberflicks
Mia: Send me the link
Aiden: wait
Mia: k
Aiden: <file_link> Here you go
Mia: It has pretty much grown now
Aiden: Yeah it is
Mia: Since when have you been working on it?
Aiden: Its been 6 month now
Mia: wow
Summary: Mia hasn't subscribed to Aiden's channel yet but she wants to. Aiden has been working on it for 6 months.
Dialogue: Walton Domingos: Hello beautiful
Mattie: Hey
Enoch: How are you?
Mattie: I'm fine and u?
Enoch: Just woke up back to life
Mattie: Good
Enoch: I think the fever is gone for good
Mattie: Good!!!
Enoch: But I still need to wait for the spots to go
Mattie: Yeah
Enoch: After all of this I want to commemorate your way and have a bottle of vodka
Mattie: Hahahahhahahhahahhaha
Enoch: Will you help me?
Mattie: Lol
Mattie: We will see
Enoch: Did you go shopping?
Mattie: What shopping?
Enoch: Didn't you go to grocery shopping?
Mattie: Yeah I did
Enoch: Are you ok? I feel you kinda different
Mattie: I'm in a club
Mattie: We'll  talk later ok?
Enoch: Lucky you
Mattie: 😉
Enoch: Have fun
Mattie: Thank you
Summary: Enoch woke up and hopes the fever's gone, but waits for the spots to go. Mattie went shopping to the grocery store and is in a club.
Dialogue: Sara: check this out <file_other> :D
Josh: Woah! looks good!
Sara: not too expensive, 3 rooms:P
Josh: but isn't it too far?
Sara: no, I don't think so...
Josh: google maps says it's around 30 min to my office...
Sara: that's not far! 
Sara: you can even get there by bike then!
Sara: I'll call the owner ok?
Josh: kk
Summary: Sara and Jason are looking for a flat. The one Sara found is not far from Josh's office. She will contact the owner.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi 
Fizza : Hi
Alex: What about your final exam results ?
Fizza : tell me your's
Alex: 76 % marks. What about you ?
Fizza : Not a good one.
Alex: No problem tell me.
Fizza : 83 %
Alex: !!! You have got this much of marks then why  are you sad ?
Fizza : I have expected more than this.
Alex: No problem. Are you coming with me tomorrow to the city ? A good film is running in a Theatre there.
Fizza : Ok. I will try to be there.
Alex: Forget the past man. You will get a better one next time.
Fizza : Ok. I will come
Summary: Alex got 76% from the test. Fizza got 83%. She expected more. Fizza and Alex will go to the movies tomorrow.
Dialogue: Margaret: Good morning
Brad: Good morning Margaret
Margaret: How are we on this guest list?
Brad: I'm in the middle of negotiations.
Margaret: No negotiations needed, just ask everyone if they want to come.
Brad: Well, it looks a bit different, but don't worry, I got it under control.
Margaret: If you say so. I just booked the venue for the main events on 8th-9th of March.
Brad: What else has to be done?
Margaret: As soon as you establish who accepted our invitations, we need to think about accomodation for guests.
Margaret: And catering of course.
Brad: I was also thinking to announce on our social media that we are looking for volunteers.
Margaret: I hope you realise how much more work that is for us. We have to provide necessary documents.
Brad: I'll tel Alice to take care of that.
Margaret: Good idea.
Margaret: I'm sending you Docs with plan of the conference.
Margaret: <file_other>
Brad: Thank you.
Brad: I'll look at it.
Margaret: Should you have any questions, ask here or come to my office.
Brad: Sure thing.. I'm going back to my tasks.
Margaret: Have fun.
Summary: Brad and Margaret are planning a conference for the 8th and 9th of March. Margaret booked the venue, Brad is chasing the invitations. Accommodation, catering and volunteers are still to be done.
Dialogue: John: Hey
John: what are you doing? 
Karissa: Watching the millionaires 
Karissa: what art you my love
John: Watching Price is right 
Karissa: Anything interesting happenin? 
John: Nope
John: Wanna head off to mc Donalds? 
Karissa: After the show
Karissa: Sure 
John: I will pick u up then 
Karissa: K 
John: Im cravin for a Big Mac combo
John: Havent eaten since breakfast
Karissa: Poor u 
Karissa: I wanna pick up some notes from Lauren 
John: Where does she live? 
Karissa: On clearance ave
John: we can stop by her place then 
Karissa: I just wanna pick up some notes
Karissa: I will wait here then! 
John: 💑
Summary: Karissa is watching the Millionaires and John is watching Prince is right. After the show, John will pick her up and they will go to McDonald's. John hasn't eaten since breakfast and he will have a Big Mac combo. On their way, Karissa will pick up some notes from Lauren. 
Dialogue: Alene: Hello, do you have swimming suits in your shop?
Jake: Of course we do, fell free to visit us any time you need it :]
Alene: Do you have an XXXL size?
Jake: Oh, that may be a problem, I think the biggest ones are XL
Alene: That’s too bad… Anyway, Thank you.
Summary: Jake sells swimming suits in his shop, but he doesn't have an XXXL size there.
Dialogue: Andrea: Hey Sophie, omg I'm so stressed.
Sophie: Hi Andrea, what happened??
Andrea: I got stuck in the elevator :O
Sophie: OMG, were you there alone?
Andrea: No, luckily one of my neighbour's was with me.
Andrea: And thanks to him I didn't have a panic attack...
Sophie: I can only imagine...
Sophie: Were you stuck for long?
Andrea: About 20 minutes, but it felt like eternity.
Andrea: But were safe and sound.
Sophie: Thank goodness!
Summary: Andrea had a very stressful experience because she got stuck in the elevator.
Dialogue: Marnie: Hello darling, how are you feeling?
Tonya: the session's begun :/ :/
Marnie: thats why im askin babes :D
Tonya: you the drill, i had so much time to cram it and i left it for the last weekend, usual stuff hahah
Marnie: thank God i finished with this evil heheh
Summary: Tonya has a session. She had a lot of time to learn, but she left it for the last weekend.
Dialogue: Frank: We have spoken of this before; please reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space. Dan just tried to take a customer in there for a meeting and interrupted your group.
Joe: A sign-up sheet beside the door or a group calendar would be better than the current system. It’s too hard to use!
Frank: At any rate, please use the system we have for now. A new method can be discussed later.
Joe: Sure. Sorry!
Frank: No problem.
Summary: Frank asks Joe to reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space. He shall use the system they have for now even though he suggests a sign-up sheet beside the door or a group calendar.
Dialogue: Scarlett: <file_photo>
Scarlett: look what I cooked :D
Lucas: omg, looks incredible!
Lucas: are you telling me this is our dinner?
Scarlett: exactly :D
Lucas: what's the occasion? 
Lucas: I just can't believe it you did out of the blue :P
Scarlett: <file_gif>
Scarlett: I invited our new neighbours Mark and Mia over
Lucas: hmm…
Scarlett: what? We need to get acquainted with them eventually
Summary: Scarlett cooked dinner. She invited their new neighbours, Mark and Mia, to get to know them. 
Dialogue: Jackie: I dont know why I've been shaking
Jackie: all day
Hiram: Werent u shaking before?
Jackie: Nope
Jackie: I mean yes, sometimes
Hiram: Maybe you're just tired
Jackie: :( probably
Hiram: Go to sleep early :)
Jackie: I will try 
Hiram: Sleeping is good for you
Hiram: I guess you've been working a lot lately 
Jackie: Yeah
Jackie: Also its been a lot of overthinking lately
Hiram: I see 
Hiram: Dont worry too much 
Hiram: Dont drink coffee
Hiram: Water tea
Hiram: If you feel worse then tea and water 
Jackie: Hiram thanks 
Hiram: take care yo 
Summary: Jackie has been shaking all day. She should go to sleep early, not worry too much and drink tea and water instead of coffee.
Dialogue: Nancy: Hi Sue, did you get the note from Jane?
Sue: yes I did Nancy thanks are you going?
Nancy: yes I am see you there?
Sue: Yes I will be there for 3
Nancy: see you there then It will be nice to catch up 
Summary: Sue and Nancy are going to meet up at Jane's.
Dialogue: Paula: I need a cleaner, can you recommend someone?
Olivier: I never had a cleaner... 
Olivier: Sorry I can't help
Irene: Me neither... but I can ask some friends
Paula: I need someone to come to me once a week
Paula: If you could ask around I would be grateful
Irene: OK  
Summary: Paula needs a cleaner who would come to her once a week. Irene and Olivier will ask around for someone recommendable.
Dialogue: Diane: Hellooo
Diane: Ready for coffee this am
Diane: U?
Mia: Hellooo, decaf?
Mia: Shopping and work for me
Mia: 💪💪
Diane: Chai Love and gluten free bread with vegan cheese ❤️
Diane: <file_photo>
Diane: <file_photo>
Mia: 😍
Summary: Diane is having Chai Love coffe and gluten free bread with vegan cheese. Mia is doing shopping and work.
Dialogue: Jeanette: Hello Guy, how are the family?
Guy: They're OK, thanks. Yours?
Jeanette: Not bad Phillip went off to Belarussia for a charity trip to tend the Polish graves
Guy: What about Patrick.
Jeanette: Not so well. He is in a sanatorium until Christmas getting treatment for his alcoholism. I yold him I'm leaving him if he doesn't get cured.
Summary: Philip went to Belarussia for a charity trip and Patrick is in alcohol rehab until Christmas.
Dialogue: Anna: Tomorrow! in Cineworld 8:45, hm?
Sam: Perhaps a bit earlier, say 7:30? coffee tea
Anna: good idea! in the cafeteria?! Beer!!!
Sam: (Y)
Summary: Sam and Anna will meet tomorrow in Cineworld at 7.30 for a beer. 
Dialogue: Olivia: i hate it that people get subborn as they grow older
Olivia: are you busy? can i tell you what happened? :-D
Tanner: are you talking about your date with Josh last night?
Olivia: yes!
Olivia: so, we're at the restaurant having small talk
Olivia: and then politics come up >-(
Tanner: was it you or him?
Olivia: him!!! he brought it up and it was totally random! out of the blue
Tanner: what did he say?
Olivia: all of a sudden he got angry because people don't vote
Olivia: he said that it was more than a right, that it was an obligation
Tanner: hahahaha, that's weird!!!
Tanner: i mean, not the voting part, the fact that he's suddenly political
Olivia: i know! i told him he didn't use to be like that
Olivia: and then he told me that we're not adults and should care about these things
Olivia: i don't know if i'll go out with him again :-/
Summary: Olivia was on a date with Josh last night. Josh suddenly brought up a political subject during the date. Tanner and Olivia are surprised as Josh didn't use to talk about politics. Olivia didn't like it and might not go out with Josh again.  
Dialogue: Andrea: i feel sick from our our dinner last night
Andrea: i feel like something is stuck in my throat
Mariah: i'm perfectly fine
Mariah: do you think you ate something that didn't settle
Andrea: those meatballs had green pepper, right?
Mariah: i believe they did
Andrea: i know that it is then
Mariah: i can never digest them properly
Mariah: damn!
Mariah: i'll be feeling sick for a couple of hours
Mariah: i hate it
Summary: Mariah is feeling unwell after eating green peppers in her dinner last night. 
Dialogue: Lynda: Which shirt should I choose for the job interview?
Lynda: <photo_file>
Lynda: <photo_file>
Lynda: <photo_file>
Ela: The white one. It's the most classy.
Parker: What kind of job is it?
Lynda: In a restaurant. I want to be a waitress. 
Parker: Take the white shirt. 
Summary: Lynda will have a job interview for a waitress position.
Dialogue: Noah: can you pick up the boys from training today?
Maddison: sure
Noah: thanks, I'm having a late meeting at work so I will be late
Maddison: do you know when?
Noah: around 8PM maybe even 9PM
Maddison: ok
Summary: Noah asked Maddison to pick up the kids because he has to stay longer at work.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Ben, guess what?
Ben: you' ll be on holiday next week?
Chris: yes and i'm really looking forward to it
Ben: where are you going?
Chris: you'll never guess?
Ben: What?
Chris: i'm going Interrail  for a week
Ben: are you kidding, you're not a pennyless student anymore
Chris:  of course, but as an adult you can do Interrail  very comfortably
Ben: really? how can you?
Chris: you may travel first class and have meals in the dining train
Ben: Nice! Like a businessman... lol
Chris: No but I need to make a break, i'm too busy at work
Ben: which countries are visiting?
Chris: i'll go to Italy and France
Ben: will you really sleep in the train like students.
Chris: no,only on the night train from Paris to  Venice
Ben: very romantic..
Chris: yes we have a two-bed sleeping compartment. Apart from that we'll be sleeping in hotels
Ben: well, it's gonna be quite different from the trip we went on as students
Chris: sure. It's going to be very different, but i'm sure we'll have lot  of  fun
Ben: so enjoy, and call me when you're back
Chris: bye
Summary: Chris is going Interrail to Italy and France for a week-long holiday next week. He'll be sleeping in hotels besides the night train from Paris to Venice. 
Dialogue: Todd: Please wake up and talk to me? Just for 5 minutes ?
Cheyanne: I'm sleeping
Todd: You're awake now to reply my message. Just 2 minutes
Summary: Todd wants to talk to Cheyanne, but she's sleeping and doesn't want to talk.
Dialogue: Bob: did you reserve the tickets for tomorrow?
Melanie: Jake promised me he will do that
Melanie: he has some workplace discount on them
Bob: Jake are you here?? Did you reserve the tickets?
Jake: yes I did, 3 tickets for tomorrow, 7 pm
Jake: and we got a 30% discount on them too :)
Summary: Jake has booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Dialogue: Randy: Are you ready for the test?
Jack: I think so
Kelly: I studied a lot!
Randy: Me too, but I'm still nervous
Jack: It's a difficult test. Lots of people fail it every year
Randy: That's why I'm stressed
Randy: I talked to some people from the third year
Randy: They said it was an armageddon 
Jack: Yeah
Jack: But I don't think that if you studied a lot you will fail it
Jack: And we really put a lot of effort
Kelly: Exactly.
Kelly: I might not get the best grade. But I don't care. I just want to pass. 
Summary: Even though Randy Jack and Kelly have studied for the incoming difficult test, they're still nervous of passing it.
Dialogue: Ralph: Have you been out with the dog?
Ruth: Not yet. Can you do it please?
Ralph: Don't want to. It's dark and rainig.
Ruth: I know, but someone has to, last time it was me. Dogs can't stay all at the time at home.
Ralph: OK, I'll go. Where's the umbrella?
Ruth: In the entrance, next to the coat track
Ralph: Found it. I'm going. Tell me good luck
Ruth: Don't you exagerate? It's only a walk and it's just raining
Summary: Ralph wants Ruth to take the dog for a walk. She doesn't want to because it is dark and raining, but gives in.
Dialogue: Chandler: honey, I'm shopping and will be home soon
Chandler: do you need anything?
Monica: I'd be grateful if you could buy some good washing-up liquid
Monica: you know :)
Chandler: I'm on it!
Summary: Chandler is doing the shopping, he will buy some good washing-up liquid. He will be home soon. 
Dialogue: Marsha: I mean... what was she thinking?
Neal: yea... acted like a bitch
Oliver: she's untouchable tho 
Marsha: it's a pity, she should be fired
Neal: agree
Summary: Marsha, Neal and Oliver are gossiping about their colleague. Marsha and Neal believe she should be fired.
Dialogue: Niall: Hey my dear tech geek. I have to buy a new phone. Any recommendations?
Jack: Hey, have chosen any favorites already? What’s your budget and expectations?
Niall: I want an android phone that doesn’t crush every 5 minutes and doesn’t freeze after opening 3 apps. I don’t want to spend a fortune, I don’t want to regret spending a massive amount and breaking it after a month.
Jack: Yeah, I get you. You should try some older Samsung models. They are not that pretty, but really good equipment-wise. Good value for money. Try staying away from chinese models, they don’t endure that long.
Niall: All right, thank you mate. I will come back to you when I'm ready. See you! 
Summary: Niall wants to buy a new phone. He wants an inexpensive Android. He will speak to Jack soon.
Dialogue: Kelly: I dont think I can manage to wake up tonight
Louis: Should I refuse her then? 
Kelly: Maybe yes
Louis: Ok i am calling her
Kelly: thanks
Louis: Whats the big deal?
Kelly: I have been studying late last night
Louis: ahan?
Kelly: So I need to sleep
Louis: Ok Have rest
Kelly: Thanks for understanding 
Louis: :)
Kelly: Maybe we can manage time next week
Louis: We would have to :( 
Kelly: Yeah our finals are approaching
Louis: Should we ask professor to help us?
Kelly: I have already tried that
Louis: What did he say
Kelly: He is on vacations
Louis: :(
Summary: Kelly is not going out tonight because she is tired after studying until late last night. She and Louis have their final exams soon. Their professor has gone on vacation so he can't help them.
Dialogue: Aubrey: how was your trip, babe? are you already in the hotel?
Jackson: no, i'm not, my train is delayed by two hours... :/ there was an accident on the railway line and all trains were held up for 40 minutes
Jackson: and i sit next to the guy who's constantly humming
Jackson: he's driving me CRAZY!!
Aubrey: why won't you tell him to stop?
Jackson: because i've already asked him not to this
Jackson: he just stared at me for a while and then started humming even louder
Aubrey: what a jerk!
Aubrey: babe, let me know when you get to the hotel, ok?
Jackson: sure. i'm going to lose my mind here!
Aubrey: be brave, hon ;) love you :*
Jackson: I love you too! :* :*
Summary: Jackson is on a trip. His journey on the train is not pleasant. He is annoyed by one of the passengers. The train is delayed because of an accident on the railway. Jackson will contact Aubrey once he arrives in the hotel.
Dialogue: Sam: Hey Mel, are you free on Sat.?
Melanie: Hey Sam, not this one, it's my Grandma's b-day, but the next one I'm free.
Melanie: What's up?
Sam: Well my aunt is getting married in a month.
Sam: Or rather re-married.
Sam: Uncle and her got divorced, and after 8 yrs apart they got back together, long story.
Melanie: Haha, that sounds interesting.
Sam: And the thing is that the wedding is all like fancy.
Melanie: And you have nothing to wear.
Sam: That's the point.
Sam: You know me well, my style is not exactly "fancy".
Sam: Or maybe even very far from it.
Melanie: LOL, I'm sure we'll find something.
Melanie: And you will look fab!
Sam: OK, so Sat. 10am at St. Laurent Shopping Centre?
Melanie: Sure, count me in :)
Summary: It's Melanie's grandma's birthday this Saturday. Melanie will be free on next Saturday. Sam's aunt is getting married in a month. Sam and Melanie will meet at St. Laurent Shopping Centre at 10am on Saturday.
Dialogue: Maya: Hey, do you have plans for the New Year's Eve?
Susan: Hi! No ...
Maya: Same here ...
Susan: every year the same shit ...
Maya: I agree! The pressure to spend this evening in an extrordinary way! What a fuss!
Susan: How about we organise something laid back ... ?
Maya: You have my attention ... continue!
Susan: you know, at Bob's house, some booze, films, board games, good music, no dress code - just comfy and warm stuff ...
Maya:  I like to sound of it ... 
Susan: Me too!
Maya: No pressure to celebrate another wasted year, just hang out and chill!
Susan: Great, love this idea
Maya: Ok let's talk to others, I will ask Bob if he has plans and if he minds hosting the lazy party 
Susan: I will talk to the laziest people I know if they'd like to join ;)
Maya: Great!
Susan: I think it will be a crowded party!
Maya: hahah agree! no fuss party, no stress ...
Susan: We should just think of some good food and drinks
Maya: aah perfect, can't wait!
Susan: Me too! 
Maya: Here, I've created an event on facebook, i bet others are also thinking what to do this evening
Maya: <file_other>
Susan: you're fast ;) 
Summary: Susan and Maya want to organize new year's eve party at Bob's house. Maya created an event on facebook and invited others.
Dialogue: Cory: Any ideas?
Emily: I don't want to learn neither French nor Spanish. Everyone speaks these languages!
Jem: Maybe Suahili?
Emily: What's that?
Cory: A language used in some parts of Africa.
Emily: I was rather thinking of a European language.
Jem: So no Chinese, Japanese, Korean and so on?
Emily: Have u seen their alphabets?
Cory: Technically, it's not an alphabet, but a system of signs. That's not related to the topic.
Emily: What about German?
Jem: Have you heard how the language sounds?!
Emily: I have. And quite like it.
Cory: Maybe a Scandinavian language then?
Emily: Swedish or Norwegian? Never thought of that.
Jem: I prefer Norwegian, by the sound of it. But they're quite similar.
Cory: I'd choose Sweedish, but that's just me.
Emily: Know what? I think I'll stay with German!
Summary: Jem prefers Norwegian and Cory would go for Swedish. Emily will start learning German.
Dialogue: Sue: I've just got home...
Sue: feel like a wrinkly shirt
Jack: ;)
Jo: Get a nice bath
Jo: and go to bed earlier
Jack: You need to get ready for the event!
Sue: I'll try
Sue: for you
Summary: Sue is exhausted but needs to rest before the event.
Dialogue: Pam: Is anybody going for the conference in Czech Republic in June?
Tony: I'll apply I think, it's very close to my research
Jeff: No, in June I'm going to San Fransisco and I have anyway a lot of work, so I won't manage to do everything
Mila: Could you send me the call for papers?
Mila: I can't find it
Pam: Serge sent it to everybody yesterday
Pam: just check spam or the clutter
Mila: right
Mila: this sounds interesting. Are you going there Pam?
Pam: I'll apply, yes
Mila: but they'll take you for sure, you have a hot topic
Pam: I hope so, I would like to see what's new in the field
Mila: yes, this is always good to know
Summary: Tony and Pam will apply for the conference in Czech Republic in June. Jeff won't, as he's already going to San Fransisco in June and has a lot of work. Serge sent the call for papers for the conference to everybody yesterday.
Dialogue: Ana: Hey, what time are you coming?
Lisa: four or five p.m. 
Lisa: How that suits you?
Ana: Ok I'm going to order pizza
Ana: Any wishes?
Lisa: Just pick some, no meet
Ana: Done
Ana: I'm glad you'll be our guests finally
Ana: And kids will have fun with a puppy
Lisa: They can't wait actually
Lisa: very curious to see their favourite auntie running a new house ;-)
Ana: Oh, what have you told them?
Ana: I could imagine
Lisa: All the good things, don't worry
Lisa: We'll have a great time together
Lisa: Text me in case, we have to bring something and see you soon
Summary: Lisa and the kids are coming over to Ana's house in the afternoon. Ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you walked the dog?
Theresa: yes! can we go now?
Lia: please! it's starting in 30 min
Anna: now you can :)
Summary: Theresa walked the dog, so she can go now.
Dialogue: Louis: shit, I'm on the bus
Louis: and I realized that I forgot the charger :(
Brittany: LOL, you always forget the charger :D
Brittany: Perhaps Nick has one that will suit you phone
Louis: I hope so! I'll let you know when I arrive
Brittany: <file_gif>
Summary: Louis is on the bus and has realised he has forgotten the charger. Brittany thinks Nick might have one. Louis will inform Brittany when he gets there.
Dialogue: Adrian: Michal! Do you have suit for the wedding:D?
Michal: Hi
Adrian: I wanted to ask about details of your staying in here
Michal: Yeah, I have one :D
Adrian: When exactly will you come and how many days you want to stay
Michal: Ah
Adrian: I'd like to take care of your accomodation if you don't mind :)
Michal: I won't stay for too long
Adrian: No more than a week?
Michal: 2 days :D
Adrian: Really! So only one night?
Michal: 2 days and 2 nights :)
Summary: Michal is coming for 2 days and 2 nights. Adrian will take care of Michal’s accommodation.
Dialogue: Ari: Hi, you busy today?
Ian: I'm in a meeting
Bruce: in Manchester till Wednesday
Ari: Ok, want to meet over to discuss the case?
Ian: I can meet tomorrow, have to rush home now
Bruce: call me tomorrow if you meet
Ari: It's okay we can wait for you and meet on wednesday
Bruce: did you have a chance to talk to the client
Ari: I called them yesterday but Oliver was busy. I'll meet him on Friday morning.
Ian: Theyre not in a hurry
Ari: No but it would be great to close the deal this month...
Bruce: unreal :)
Ari: I know
Ian: Hanson is crazy about the deal he wants it closed NOW
Ari: So why isnt he helping?
Bruce: ask him :)
Ari: I really should...
Bruce: I'll ask on your behalf :)
Ari: Yeah... thanks friend ;)
Ian: Ari let's meet for a lunch tomorrow
Ian: 1pm?
Ari: Let's meet after lunch. I dont want to think about Hanson while eating...
Ian: ok :)
Ari: I'll give you a call tomorrow morning
Ian: ok. maybe we should invite Hanson?
Ari: lol
Summary: Ian is in a meeting. Bruce is in Manchester till Wednesday. Ari will meet the client on Friday morning. They all need to meet to discuss the case. Ian and Ari will meet tomorrow after lunch.
Dialogue: Jess: what ur doing at 9pm?
Aron: I got no plans.
Aron: Why?
Jess: actually I'm on my way to Seattle
Jess: wanna go and grab some beer?
Aron: What a nice surprise!
Aron: Sure!
Aron: Maybe you will come over to my place and we'll decide where to go?
Jess: ok, prepare yourself
Jess: haha
Aron: Will do!
Summary: Jess is coming to Seattle. She will come to Aron's place around 9 pm and they will go for a beer. 
Dialogue: Sheila: Hi love, just heading out to Vesuvius now, should be there in 15.
Aisha: Hi, we're on our way too.
Sheila: Great, see you inside.
Aisha: Yes, it's booked under the name Sayeed, table for 4.
Sheila: Thanks babes, see you soon!
Summary: Aisha is seeing Sheila at Vesuvius in 15. Aisha booked a table for 4 under the name Sayeed.
Dialogue: Eliza: i listened to what you sent me yesterday
Eliza: so beautiful, i was literally crying
Leo: woah!
Leo: seriously?
Eliza: yes, i experienced it very emotionally
Leo: i'm really happy you liked it so much :O
Leo: <3
Eliza: what were you thinking about when you were composing it?
Leo: hmm maybe i'll tell you later :)
Eliza: okay
Summary: Eliza was deeply moved after listening to the music piece composed by Leo.
Dialogue: Zana: Did you send the money today?
Katia: Yes I sent it this morning
Zana: What was the amount?
Katia: €290
Zana: Ok
Summary: Katia sent €290 this morning.
Dialogue: Sara: i don't think I can make it tonite
Sara: i still have so much work to do...
Cathie: same here:/
Cathie: I'm stuck at my desk
Sara: what about Sat?
Cathie: 9pm in the centre?
Sara: sounds good;-)
Cathie: ok, need to go back to work:/
Sara: me2, bye!
Summary: Cathie and Sara are too busy with work to meet tonight. They will meet on Saturday at 9pm.
Dialogue: Linda: Hi, Mel. Linda here.
Mel: I know. How are you?
Linda: I'm fine. You?
Mel: If I were any better, I'd be unconscious=)
Linda: That great?
Mel: Silly joke. What's up, Linda?
Linda: Got a little problem.
Mel: What's that?
Linda: I need to be at work in an hour.
Mel: It's a half hour drive, right?
Linda: That's the problem. I don't have a car.
Mel: What happened?
Linda: Something broke down and I had to leave it at a garage.
Linda: I wonder if you could drive me?
Mel: Not today, I'm afraid.
Linda: Oh, I see.
Mel: Let's just say, I'm celebrating today.
Linda: Well, good for you. Enjoy.
Mel: But I tell you what, you can drive. Come by and I'll give you the keys.
Linda: You are the best, Mel. I'll be right over.
Summary: Linda borrows Mel's car to get to work as hers is in the garage. 
Dialogue: Taylor: Are you going for an exchange this year?
Alex: no, I decided to stay here, it seems a bit pointless
Jeff: I am going to Wales 
James: to Wales?!
Taylor: I didn't know there are universities in Wales
Taylor: lol, joking, is it Cardiff?
Jeff: no, Gwynedd
James: a friend of mine was there, he really liked it
Jeff: cool
Summary: Jeff is going for an exchange to Gwynedd in Wales this year. A friend of James was there and he really liked it.
Dialogue: Emmet: what would you like to eat
Lorraine: maybe soup
Emmet: tomato?
Lorraine: okay ;)
Summary: Lorraine'd like to have tomato soup.
Dialogue: Henry: what are your plans for tonight?^^
Ben: Nothing solid yet. I think I’m gonna spend the evening in front of… whatchamacallit… the idiot box! 
Henry: o.O
Harry: that was weird, Ben
Ben: To much of T.H. White… Why, Henry?
Henry: just asking
Harry: and I’m working
Henry: wankers
Summary: Tonight Ben is going to spend the evening in front of the TV. Harry is working.
Dialogue: Zoe: <file_video>
Frank: Love you!
Zoe: :-*
Frank: Have a good day, babe :-*
Summary: Zoe is sending Frank a video and he wishes her a good day. 
Dialogue: Ian: Good morning
Samantha: Good morning
Ian: I would like to invite you to participate in a new course organized by Wellesley College.
Ian: It is Italian Language and Culture course opened on our platform on August 21st
Ian: Register for free to have instant access to all online and join the 5,000+ learner already studying online!
Samantha: Thank you very much. Till when should I sign in to the course?
Ian: Classes start the week of September 25th. The list closes on September 20th.
Samantha: Thank you.
Summary: Ian invites Samantha to enrol in the Italian Language and Culture on-line course organised by Wellesley College. If interested, Samantha has to enrol before the list closes on the 20th September. The classes start the week of 25th September.
Dialogue: Megan: What is your cat's name?
Joyce: Flix, why?
Megan: I was trying to recall it today
Joyce: Why would you need my cat's name? lol
Megan: My friend told me that she has a cat named Felix
Megan: And I thought that your cat had a similar name
Megan: But I couldn't recall :-)
Joyce: Indeed similar
Joyce: Actually I wanted to name my cat Felix
Joyce: But I thought it didn't suit him
Joyce: And then I came up with Flix
Megan: My first dog's name was X
Joyce: X? That's funny :D
Summary: Joyce's cat's name is Flix. Megan's friend has a cat named Felix. Megan's first dog's name was X.
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Ann: Baby please pick up Tia from school  i wont be able to leave...
John: ok babe no worries
Ann: Thank you love :kisses:
John: :kisses: :kisses: :kisses:
Summary: John will pick up Tia from school because Ann won't be able to.
Dialogue: Rebecca: <file_photo>
Rebecca: I finally ate this candy today when I got really stressed out from my work. ┐('～`；)┌
Rebecca: It was nice, thank you. ⊂二二二（　＾ω＾）二⊃
Abigile: I know!! Didn’t it taste sharp? Some people don’t like it for that reason.
Rebecca: ( ^^)( ^^)
Abigile: When are you coming again? 
Abigile: I already found some nice restaurants. It would be really awesome if you join with me. 
Abigile:（ ^_^）o自自o（^_^ ）
Summary: Rebecca are candy today. Abigile found some restaurants for her and Rebecca to eat at.
Dialogue: Mary: Have you took my eye shadow?
Lizzy: No, Anna did.
Mary: I'll kill her!
Summary: Anna took Mary's eye shadow.
Dialogue: Newton: be careful gents this is probbly the worst thing you have seen today
Sealey: what?
Newton: #adultcontentonly #seriouslydisgusting
Lincoln: come on newt!
Newton: <file_video>
Emmett: ive seen it. really disugsting 
Sealey: of fuck why did you do this to me?!?
Emmett: dunno why ppl do this kind of crap
Lincoln: if u ask me it's just plain stupid. Sorry folks
Summary: The video Newton has sent around is disgusting.
Dialogue: Isabella: Good afternoon. What is the price of the pink dress that you posted a few minutes ago?
Grace: Goof afternoon, 30$.
Isabella: Is there also size 10?
Grace: Yes.
Isabella: Thank you for the information. Goodbye.
Grace: Bye.
Summary: The dress that Grace posted costs 30$ and is also in size 10. 
Dialogue: Boris: Michelle's house party's this evening
Boris: What am I supposed to wear, dude?
Cyril: Haha duuude :D
Cyril: I think nobody's going to give a shit what you wear
Cyril: It's not a costume party!
Cyril: Put on sth loose, sth you feel good in
Boris: Don't mock me, dude
Boris: It's always better to make sure than feeling embarrassed afterwards
Cyril: Take it easy man, it's not a big deal :)
Cyril: We're gonna have a gooood time today!
Summary: Boris and Cyril are going to attend Michelle's house party this evening. The party is informal and there is no dress code.

Dialogue: Liam: Guys, how is Denmark treating you?
Terry: couldn't be better
John: maybe a bit more of the sun could be better
Helmut: do you want to join us here?
Liam: yup!
Helmut: I knew it!
Liam: hehehe
Terry: what made you change your mind?
Liam: money, money
John: of course, it's always about money
Liam: studying for free and great scholarships
John: exactly!
John: Copenhagen?
Liam: don't know yet
Summary: Terry, John and Helmut are studying in Denmark and they're pleased with that. Liam's thinking about joining them there.
Dialogue: Jared: Ok I'm coming with the bag :)
Joel: ok :d
Jared: Could you get it from me downstairs?
Joel: sure, let me know here when you're there
Jared: Thanks
Summary: Jared is bringing Joel the bag. Joel will pick it up downstairs.
Dialogue: Harris: How are U?
Lena: Fine, U?
Harris: Been better.
Lena: ?
Harris: My friend Aoki died yesterday.
Lena: O No!
Harris: Yeah.
Lena: What happened?
Harris: Not sure yet. Thinking the worst...
Lena: O how awful!
Harris: Yes.
Lena: You just never know.
Harris: True.
Lena: Had you seen her lately?
Harris: Not for a few months. She lives in Michigan.
Lena: Oh, that's far.
Harris: Not too far but far enough.
Lena: Right.
Harris: Got to go, mom's calling.
Lena: K bi. Feel better!
Harris: K will do
Summary: Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. They suspect suicide. Harris hasn't seen her lately as she lived in Michigan.
Dialogue: Sid: Wanna catch a movie?
Annie: sure what do you have in mind?
Sid; the Aquaman? :D
Annie: haha isn't it a bit childish
Sid: noooooo I mean yes but it's the highest grossing movie this week
Annie: seriously?
Sid: yeah?
Annie: okay let's see what the fuss is all about
Summary: Sid and Annie are going to watch Aquaman, highest grossing movie this week.
Dialogue: Avery: I got home. 🎉🎉 thank you for the night. xx
Brian: Well done Avery
Avery: After "loosing" 2 trains 😂😂
Maya: Those trains are well dodgy!
Daniel: Good news Avery, I hope the rest made it home ok 😂
Amber: Rachel is safely home anyway! And me too! Thanks for a fab night, as usual!
Brian: Thank you all it was an amazing birthday!!!! I'll regret fibbers tomorrow but heh! My birthday is not every day! Awesome night, love you all and thanks again!!! 😘
Amber: Never regret Fibbers Brian! It's like an Irish rite of passage! Thank you for choosing to spend your special day with us. We are the lucky ones! Hasta la vista baby!
Summary: Brian's birthday party was great. Everyone has returned home safely.
Dialogue: Trevor: where are you?
Sam: on my way
Sam: I'll be at your place in 10
Trevor: is there a store somewhere along the way?
Sam: I think so
Sam: what do you need
Trevor: vodka and ice
Sam: ice ice baby will do
Trevor: thanks
Sam: <file_photo>
Trevor: is that Susan?
Sam: yes :D
Trevor: Dibs!!!!!!!!!
Summary: Sam will buy some vodka and ice on his way to Trevor. He will be at Trevor's in around 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Julia: Kate's playing tonite with her new band in Spatiff, wanna join?
Kim: I'd love to, but I'm stuck at the computer tonight :-(
Kim: But hey, let's do sth this weekend. Hm?
Kim: btw: didn't know she had a new band... what happened to the old one?
Julia: Tom, the guitar guy went on a contract  to Dubai, so they're not playing for now.
Kim: uhm. I see. 
Kim: So, how about the weekend?
Julia: :/ I'm out of town. I'll be back on Monday.
Kim: Monday sounds good. 
Kim: Looks like there's a jam session in Harris. 
Julia: acoustic one?
Kim: Yep.
Julia: ok, I'm in! XD
Kim: It starts at 9 p.m. but I'll try to be there a bit earlier so that we can get a table.
Julia: Ok, need to go back to work now. 
Kim: Cu on Monday ;-)
Kim: Cya!
Summary: Kim can't join Julia for Kate's concert in Spatiff. Kim and Julia will go to an acoustic jam session in Harris on Monday at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Frank: <file_other>
Louie: are you going to this event?
Frank: that's why i am sending it ;)
Louie: i will let you know later ok? need to check up with kylie
Frank: okey please do
Louie: kk talk to you later
Summary: Frank is going to the even. Louie needs to check up with Kylie and he will let Frank know.
Dialogue: Ian: Guys, who's watching the game?
Simon: And who isn't? :P
Ian: Me. Because I'm stuck in a damn traffic jam. What's the score?
Simon: 67:53 for the Bulls.
Hank: Hell yeah! 
Simon: Are you hung up in traffic too?
Hank: No, wifey is watching her bloody soap operas.
Simon: I'm telling you, get a second TV!
Ian: Do you know if the game is broadcast somewhere on radio?
Simon: No, sorry. I've got a TV like a normal 21th century person.
Hank: Good idea, pal! I'll look for it.
Ian: Tell me if you find something. And Simon, keep telling me the score!
Summary: Ian isn't watching the game, because he's in a traffic jam. Simon is watching and the Bulls are in the lead 67:53. Hank isn't watching, because his wife is watching soap operas. Ian wants Simon to inform him about the score.
Dialogue: Stella: You play PUBG on cellphone? 
Blake: Used to play but deleted it yesterday
Stella: Welldone
Summary: Blake deleted PUBG from his phone yesterday.
Dialogue: Eva: I'm going to have to cancel our Thursday's lesson this week.
Eva: I have really bad laryngitis and I've totally lost my voice.
Kaz: :-( Poor you!
Kaz: We can reschedule for next week.
Kaz: I have Tues and Wed slots I can fit you into.
Kaz: Tues after 7pm or Wednesday after 7:30?
Eva: I think Wednesday will be better.
Kaz: OK.
Kaz: Sorry I just realised I have an extra lesson this Wed. Can't do Wed.
Eva: When can you do then?
Kaz: Will have to check with the school and let you know.
Kaz: I should know by Monday.
Eva: OK
Summary: Eva has to cancel Thursday's lesson this week, because she lost her voice. Kaz will let Eva know when the lesson can take place next week.
Dialogue: Grayson: nancy are you there?
Grayson: come on, i know you are angry, just text me back
Grayson: come on nancy
Nancy: leave me alone, i'm blocking your number
Grayson: ok, just wanted to make sure you were ok
Grayson: sorry for what i said
Summary: Grayson has said something wrong and now Nancy is mad with him.
Dialogue: David: Hi, how are you?
Janette: All good, hbu?
David: Good
David: Just bought plane tickets.
Janette: Already?
Janette: Ok, I'll take a look at prices now.
David: It's better to buy them sooner than later.
Janette: Give me a sec.
Janette: Are you still there?
David: Yes
Janette: All done. Now I gotta think if I need some extra baggage
David: I know you well enough to know that you do need an extra bag, hun
Janette: Okay, I'll add 20kg bag now.
David: Gotta go, take care and pack wisely.
Janette: Ttyl
Summary: David has just bought plane tickets and Janette will take a look at prices now. She may need extra baggage, so she'll add 20 kg bag. 
Dialogue: Ali: Are you coming to Harissa today?
Samuel: this is a plan at least
Ted: But there is a traffic jam in Beirut
Georg: yes, horrible
Georg: and Ted wants to stop in Byblos
Ali: why Byblos?
Georg: because "it's BYBLOS" as Ted put it
Ali: it's boring
Georg: but it gave it's name to words like bible and Bibliothek (at least in German)
Georg: it's where our culture comes from
Samuel: yes, he has to see it apparently
Samuel: so it will take some time
Samuel: we will write you
Ali: please do
Summary: Samuel, Ted and Georg will stop at Byblos before coming to Harissa. They will write to Ali later. 
Dialogue: Carl: Are you going to James'?
Melissa: Yeah.
Carl: Bring your new friend.
Melissa: Why?
Carl: You know why ;)
Summary: Melissa is going to James'. Carl wants Melissa to bring her new friend.
