Dialogue: Anna: Do you know that our cafe has vanished?
Sarah: What do you mean 'vanished'?
Anna: Vanished! Into thin air! :-(
Anna: <file_photo>
Sarah: I can't believe it! :-(
Anna: I don't get it! There were always so many people. It was so nice and cozy...
Sarah: Do you think it's about some financial issues?
Anna: No idea. Actually, it doesn't matter what the issue was. What's important is that it isn't there any more :-(
Sarah: We need to find another place for our meetings.
Anna: That won't be a big deal. There are plenty of them in the city centre. But I feel really sorry about this one.
Sarah: Me too. And I'm completely surprised.
Anna: The windows are blackened now. There's no information on what's going to be installed there. Maybe another cafe? The place was really convenient for both of us.
Sarah: Let's wait and see.
Anna: Yeah...
Summary: Anna and Sarah are sad because their favourite cafe does no longer exist.
Dialogue: Kaleigh: Heading to the library
Marc: Ok Im still eating
Marc: Be right there
Kaleigh: Ok 
Summary: Kaleigh is going to library. Marc is still eating, he'll come soon.
Dialogue: Linda: So, tell me, Catherine did he finally propose to you?
Catherine: Yes!
Linda: How? When? Tell me everything!
Catherine: It was in a small village near Manchester
Linda: In a small village??? You hate small villages!
Linda: You like cities, noise, tall buildings and lots of people!
Catherine: Actually, you’re right, but it was quite romantic 😊
Linda: Where did you stay?
Catherine: In a small B&B
Linda: You hate B&Bs! You like elegant 5 star hotels. I know you, Catherine!
Catherine: But it was a really nice place 😊
Linda: Catherine, he took you to a crappy B&B in the middle of nowhere!!
Catherine: <file_photo>
Catherine: This is the village
Catherine: Isn’t it beautiful?
Linda: Yes, it is, but you dreamed of a quite different proposal 😊
Linda: This is a hotel of your dreams
Linda: <file_photo>
Catherine: hahahha
Summary: He finally proposed to Catherine in a small village near Manchester and they stayed in a small B&B.
Dialogue: Wyatt: I won 4-1 with Logan :D 
Wyatt: I totally whipped his ass :D
Sadie: Congrats, babe, I'm proud of you! :* :* :*
Summary: Wyatt won 4 to 1 with Logan. Sadie congratulates him.
Dialogue: Florence: I've just landed :)
Jack: great, we're planning to have dinner together
Ottilie: Do you have any preferences, Florence?
Florence: not really, I don't know the city
Eleanor: we should go to the riverfront 
Eleanor: it's a nice place
Ottilie: Maybe Mami Wata?
Jack: what is it?
Ottilie: the one with mermaids and a terrace just by the river
Jack: oh, this is not a bad idea
Eleanor: Another option is la terminalia
Ottilie: I really don't like it
Eleanor: why? they have good food
Ottilie: but you've the street just in front of your table
Ottilie: and Mami Wata is calmer 
Eleanor: ok, as you prefer
Jack: so let's go to Mami Wata
Ottilie: I'll make a reservation for 4
Florence: John will join us, so 5 
Ottilie: ok!
Summary: Florence has just landed. Florence, Ottilie, Eleanor, Jack and John will have a dinner at Mami Wata tonight. Ottilie will make a reservation.
Dialogue: Huey: hi there, what's up?
Luie: hi!
Luie: nothing special. Work work work
Huey: same for me
Huey: lots of work and nowhere near the end of it
Luie: thats it, bro
Huey: I really need a holiday
Huey: maybe next month
Luie: where?
Huey: doesnt matter
Huey: somewhere nice and away from it
Luie: ;)
Luie: I see
Huey: ;)
Summary: Huey and Luie have been working a lot and need a vacation.
Dialogue: Sonia: i'll babysit my sister's child tomorrow
Sonia: i don't know anything about children
Sonia: i'm scared!!!!
Tracy: oh don't worry, it's easy
Tracy: how old is she?
Sonia: 7
Tracy: just turn the tv on and give her some snacks
Tracy: it's as easy as that
Summary: Sonia will babysit her sister's 7-year-old child tomorrow and doesn't know how to do it. Tracy thinks Sonia should turn on the tv and give her some snacks.
Dialogue: Diana: Tommy, please remember it's Dad's birthday tomorrow!
Tommy: Ok mum, no problem.
Diana: Did you and your brother get Dad a gift or something?
Tommy: Jack said he would buy that new Beatles collection, I gave him my half of the money so I hope he didn't forget. :P
Diana: Ok, I bought a set of four ties.
Tommy: You're trying to appeal to Dad's manager side, while we're aiming at his rock and roll soul, heh.
Diana: You got that right. When can you come over?
Tommy: After work, around 5, maybe 5.30.
Diana: Ok.
Tommy: How's Grandma?
Diana: Oh, she's getting stronger and stronger. It's been two months since the operation.
Tommy: I know. Is Aunt Irene coming to Dad's birthday?
Diana: Yes, she's doing the early shift at the hospital tomorrow.
Tommy: Ok.
Diana: Good night, my son! :)
Tommy: Good night, Mother! :D
Summary: Tommy and his brother are getting the new Beatles collection for their dad's birthday. Diana bought a set of four ties. Tommy can come over 5-5.30. Tommy's grandma is getting better after the operation. Tommy's Aunt Irene is coming tomorrow as well. 
Dialogue: Serge: it was great to meet Anna last night
Harry: i know, is't she awesome?
Serge: she is, thanks for introducing us
Harry: she's also really smart, you should know that
Serge: and extremely good looking, lol (✿◠‿◠)
Harry: she's almost too good to be true
Harry: i wonder why she doesn't have a boyfriend ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Harry: i think she's very focused on her studies
Serge: i want to ask her out, should i?
Harry: why not? What's the worst that could happen?
Serge: that she says no 
Serge: and then I'll feel like the biggest loser in the world
Harry: lol don't worry about it
Harry: you're a loser already lol :-D
Serge: NOT TRUE lol
Serge: i think i'll ask her
Harry: do it! 
Serge: should I text her or call her?
Harry: text her, calling her could be awkward
Serge: you're right
Harry: I'm a smart man lol
Serge: not compared to Anna lol
Harry: hey, maybe you could introduce me to one of her friends if you go out?
Serge: sure
Serge: we can even make it a double date
Summary: Serge enjoyed meeting Anna last night and he will text her to ask her out. If it works out, he will introduce Harry to one of her friends and they can go for a double date.
Dialogue: Matt: have you bought your tickets yet?
Chris: yeah I have
Matt: really? fuck, I haven't even looked yet
Chris: check out this page, they have really good deals and connections 
Chris: <file_other>
Chris: I bought my tickets to Chicago through them last year and it was super cheap
Matt: oh sweet, yeah I think I've heard of that site before but never used it
Chris: yeah, sometimes it can just depend, hard to say when is the best time to buy
Matt: well I know since mine are so last minute they will be more expensive
Chris: not necessarily, sometimes it's the last minute deals that are the best
Matt: alright I'll take a look
Chris: make sure your browser is on private tho
Matt: how come?
Chris: so they can't trace your cookies and history and then hike up the prices on you
Matt: ha, smart. Thanks man. 
Chris: yeah no problem
Summary: Matt needs to buy tickets. Chris thinks Matt should check out the website he used last year. Chris advises Matt to use a browser's private mode when he is looking for good deals.
Dialogue: Amy: Something horrible happened to me on the bus last night
Dorothy: OMG are you ok?
Lisa: Fuck! What happened?
Amy: Physically I'm ok but I'm still shaking
Amy: It was in the evening on the bus 446
Amy: I was going back home after uni 
Amy: Somewhere in Duque de Caxias a middle-aged guy entered the bus
Amy: As there was a free seat next to me he sat by my side 
Amy: After a few minutes my hell begun
Amy: "You will get off with me when I tell you" he said in a very low voice
Amy: "And don't even try to scream, I have a knife"
Dorothy: This is horrible!!!
Amy: he told me to stay calm 
Amy: And that we would go to a park and he would rape me
Amy: I'm crying when I think of it
Lisa: Dear, you don't have to tell us if it's to painful
Lisa: Or we can come over and sit with you 
Amy: I was terrified, didn't know what to do 
Amy: Then I saw a guy standing in the aisle, a young guy my age
Amy: He was listening to the music
Amy: I started staring at him and when this monster sitting next to me turned around 
Amy: I managed to let him know that I needed help
Amy: Then he understood what was going on and he pretended that he knew me
Amy: "Hi Bruna" he said "you changed, I didn't recognise you"
Amy: I told him that I changed indeed, I painted my hair and lost some weight
Amy: We started talking about some random stuff pretending we know each other
Amy: Then he said that there were two free seats and we could seat together
Amy: He literally dragged me out of this monster hands
Amy: I was super scared but it worked
Amy: That man got off on the next stop and I couldn't stop crying 
Summary: Amy had an unpleasant encounter with a stranger on the bus 446 in the evening. A young man rescued her from the situation.
Dialogue: Franklin: hey, are we meeting this weekend?
Ricardo: yeah fri
Franklin: what time?
Ricardo: i finish at 3 20
Franklin: hmmmm
Ricardo: or maybe 1 30
Franklin: now you're talking
Ricardo: i don't know yet. i have two maths lessons at the end
Ricardo: or 8 am?
Franklin: jeesus get yourself together man 8 am  
Ricardo: haha
Franklin: i see it like that: you skip the maths lessons and we meet at 2
Ricardo: ok
Franklin: but i'm not giving you any excuses for the teacher, don't count on that;D
Ricardo: lol ok  
Ricardo: got 10 blank excuses from my physiotherapist to use whenever i don't feel like school xD 
Franklin: wonderful, i already like him xD
Ricardo: xD ok so 14 at Dawn st?
Franklin: yeah  
Ricardo: ok see u then 
Ricardo: wait can i park there?
Franklin: yeah there should be some spaces at this time of day
Ricardo: ok bye
Franklin: bye
Summary: Franklin and Ricardo are meeting on Friday at 2 p.m. at Dawn st. Ricardo will skip two math lessons in order to meet with Franklin and will arrive by car. Ricardo has 10 blank excuses from his physiotherapist and he will use one to justify his absence from math lessons.
Dialogue: Emily: Hey George, how are you?
George: Hi, I'm fine thank you. I've jut ended my exams 
Emily: That's great. Did you pass them?
George: The first 3 yes but the last one was today and I don't have teh results yet
Emily: That's great!
Emily: I think we should celebrate it
George: It's a great idea but right now I'm going to sleep because I'm exhausted
Emily: I get it
Emily: Are you already home?
George: No I'm going back tomorrow because I want to see my girlfriend 
Emily: I didn't know that you have a girlfirned. Congratulations!
George: Thanks, but she lives about 400km away from my home so we can't see each other that often
Emily: I see, that's for sure hard
George: Not really, I'm taking hear in to the mountians for holidays actually
Emily: That's great, I'm sure you'll gave a great time
George: I'm gonna have next Saturdat free maybe we can go out for a drink?
Emily: I'm supposed to meet Joe then
George: Could we meet in 3? I would love to see you
Emily: I think that won't be a problem
George: So please ask him 
Emily: Okay I'll ask and then tell you when we can meet
Summary: George has just ended his exams. He passed the first 3, but doesn't have the results on the last one yet. George is going home tomorrow, but will see his girlfriend first, who lives far away. Emily is meeting Joe next Saturday. Emily will ask Joe if he wants to meet with George as well. 
Dialogue: Elijah: Welcome to all the participants of our sailing course. I will be your instructor. We meet on Monday, 6 p.m. in room 12. 
Luis: Hello! Do I need to wear a specific type of clothes? I'll be coming straight from work, so I'd like to know beforehand if I need to pack something to change into.
Elijah: Hello, Luis. The first lesson will be purely theoretical, so you don't need any special gear.
Abel: Will it be okay if I bring my son with me? I've got no one to leave him with. He's six y.o. and he can be quiet when told to behave.
Elijah: Of course.
Abel: Thank you!
Summary: Elijah is an instructor of the sailing course. The meeting with participants is on Monday, 6 p.m. in room 12. Luis and Abel ask him about organisational matters.
Dialogue: Bruce: heyyy fraaand 
Bruce: xD
Kevin: dont -_-
Kevin: just.. DONT 
Bruce: xD
Summary: Kevin asks Bruce not to laugh.
Dialogue: Noel: You know who I hate the most?
Oliver: No...
Noel: Not even going to guess?
Oliver: Tell me.
Noel: Bikers!
Oliver: You mean the ones on Harleys?
Noel: No bikers like the ones with helmets, on their stupid two wheels...
Oliver: You mean cyclists?
Noel: Yup.
Oliver: NTIM, but y?
Noel: I'll tell you y. They blocked the whole damn city centre!
Oliver: So? They have their own competitions and things.
Noel: Yeah, cool, but on Friday night during rush hrs?
Oliver: That's actually weak...
Noel: Tell me about it. Stuck in horrible traffic. Gonna be late.
Oliver: How bad is it?
Noel: Well, I've been waiting for 30 mins now...
Oliver: That's not bad at all. Sometimes it takes me that much to get to the main road...
Noel: Yeah... but I was supposed to have a meeting with a client.
Oliver: Call him?
Noel: Her actually, but will have to. W8.
Oliver: TYT.
Noel: B2K. Turns out she's on the other side of town. Can't get here either. LOL.
Oliver: So did you put it off?
Noel: We had to. No other choice. 
Oliver: So you're free tonight?
Noel: Turns out, yeah.
Oliver: Grab a few beers?
Noel: Y not. 
Oliver: See you at the usual place?
Summary: Noel hates cyclists because they blocked the road in the city centre. Noel's meeting with a client had to be canceled, because both of them are stuck in traffic. Therefore, Noel is meeting Oliver tonight.
Dialogue: Will: Are you on the way?
Billy: yes, we are
Sara: are you ready
Will: yup, waiting outside the building
Summary: Billy is on his way to meet Will. Will is waiting outside the building.
Dialogue: Mark: Cracow?
Lucy: No, Warsaw
Lucy: why?
Mark: I will be 2morrow in Cracow and then we're going to the mountains :D
Lucy: which mountains?
Mark: Tatras..
Lucy: really? 
Lucy: bastard, why didn't u tell me before?
Mark: it's a last minute choice.
Mark: but we still have a place in the car:D
Lucy: how long u wanna stay there?
Mark: till Monday
Lucy: hmm....
Lucy: what time are u leaving?
Mark: 2morrow aftrer work, around 5, I guess.
Lucy: so u want to sleep in Cracow?
Mark: probably yes.
Mark: still not sure..
Lucy: how many pple?
Mark: 4 or 5 if u're coming ^^
Lucy: Yes, I'm in! 
Lucy: and we can sleep at my place ;-)
Mark: perfect, thx!
Mark: I'll add you to the group where we discuss the details
Lucy: thx.
Summary: Mark invites Lucy to join him and 3 other people for a trip to Tatra Mountains. The group is going by car on Friday afternoon. They will probably spend Friday night in Cracow and then head off to the mountains. They will come back on Monday.
Dialogue: Alexander: I'll be running late darling. I won't be home before 7.
Ashleen: Oh no! Not again! 
Alexander: I'm so sorry darling but can't do anything about it.
Ashleen: What is it this time?
Alexander: I'm extremely busy now. I'll text you later.
Alexander: Andrew's lawyer didn't show up himself but sent some half idiot instead. And we had to wait for him like a bunch of pupils and now he can't stop talking.
Ashleen: Corporate life! Can't you just sneak out?
Alexander: I might if he doesn't stop within 10 mins.
Ashleen: Please be here ASAP!
Summary: Alexander is busy at work and won't be home before 7. Ashleen is angry about it.
Dialogue: Jack: Where are you? I can't find you.
Olivia: carriage 3!
Jack: I'm in 15 I believe :/ it's so crowded
Olivia: But slowly you can get through.
Jack: I am not sure, there are people sitting, staying, puking everywhere. It's a mess
Olivia: C'mon, it's a busy weekend
Jack: I already hate this trip.
Olivia: Just don't make a drama, come here.
Jack: Do you have the tickets? I can't find mine.
Olivia: I have both of them, so you have no choice anyway. You should come here asap :P
Summary: Jack has to find Olivia in carriage 3, because she has their tickets.
Dialogue: Andrew: Mom's visiting next Wednesday, wanna hang out?
Mia: Sure! But I've got classes until 8pm so I'll join you after
Andrew: Alright, I'll let you know where we end up
Mia: Sweet, see you!
Summary: Andrew and Mia are meeting with their Mom next Wednesday. Mia has classes until 8pm, so she will join Andrew and Mom later.
Dialogue: Martha: I need a dress for the ball
Martha: I don't have any. I never wear dresses.
Alexa: Buy one.
Martha: Nah. That's waste of money. I'll wear it only for the ball.
Barbie: What's your size? 12?
Martha: Yes.
Barbie: I have a lot of nice dresses and I'm your size.
Barbie: Why don't you come over and choose one?
Martha: Thanks :*** You saved me!!
Summary: Martha will borrow one of Barbie's dresses. Both Martha and Barbie wear size 12.
Dialogue: Teresa: Tomorrow walk me to school..please
Mike: why?
Teresa: I feel nervous, its my first day there.
Mike: haha, keep calm, it will be okay
Teresa: haha, hope youll protect me from bullies..haha
Mike: haha, are you kidding me?
Teresa: hahahaha
Mike: dont worry, if there were, i would smack their face in if they came at you
Teresa: haha, im sure you would
Mike: haha, yeah i would for you
Teresa: thanks, ill need my sleep now
Mike: ill be your alarm in the morning
Teresa: haha, please do
Mike: nyt nyt
Teresa: nyt
Summary: It's Teresa's first day at school tomorrow ans she's nervous about it. Mike will walk her to school. 
Dialogue: Logan: You know, if you like books that contain word play and have an unusual style, you should check out "A Series of Unfortunate Events" ;)
Holly: I love books that have an unusual style and contain word play :D I'll definitely have to read it :D 
Holly: (didn't it come out on Netflix?)
Logan: Yeah, the series pretty good, but the books are better ;)
Holly: :) My kind of book
Holly: How are you?
Logan: Right now I'm preparing the materials for today's classes, also sorting out some stuff, because I'm flying to Paris on Saturday :) You ever been?
Holly: Oh cool! What's the occasion? 
Holly: Yeah, once for my sister's 18th birthday
Logan: Your sister spent her 18th birthday in Paris - lucky girl! 
Holly: I know :) We were only there for one day, so we spent the day in Park Asterix :D
Logan: From Asterix & Obelix - dude, I loved those comics as a kid! :D 
Holly: Me too :) My sister and I would buy all the comics from our pocketmoney... I think we still have some in my room
Holly: Anyway, you never told me what you're up to in Paris :)
Logan: Can't a guy have a few secrets? ;)
Holly: Come on, spill!
Logan: I'm visiting my sister in Paris - I promised her I'ld bring her a few things and I also want a chance to explore the city. I'm also determined to see the art galleries, although I probably won't even manage to see half.
Holly: At least you'll get to got to *Paris*
Logan: Yeah, that is pretty cool :) And it was great that Air France has relatively cheap tickets going both ways (165 euro)
Holly: Nice! :D Get me a souvenir? 
Logan: Sure :) Anything in particular?
Holly: Nothing cheesy - just anything I can use.
Logan: Like a keychain?
Holly: Yeah, that would be great actually :) 
Holly: Just none of those T-shirts saying: "I went to Paris and all I got was this damn T-shirt"
Logan: Oh come off it, they're not bad!
Holly: Yeah, they're just cheesy as hell.
Logan: Note to self - don't get Holly any T-shirts 
Holly: thanks btw :)
Logan: Anytime ;)
Summary: Logan is flying out to Paris on Saturday to visit his sister. Holly has been there once before. Logan will bring Holly back a souvenir.
Dialogue: Jason: Have you seen kaka?
Molly: He must in the ground playing football.
Jason: Great See you then.
Molly: Where you going?
Jason: Ground
Summary: Jason is looking for Kaka. He must be in the ground playing football. Jason and Molly will see each other later. Jason is going to the ground now. 
Dialogue: Tim: I feel like I'm gonna be single forever..
Ava: What happened?
Tim: Nothing. 
Tim: I've been thinking. 
Tim: And in my opinion, I just wasn't born to be in a relatioship.
Tim: Or maybe I'm just having a bad day. 
Ava: Why do you think you're not good at relationships?
Tim: I don't know...
Ava: Maybe an example?
Tim: For example, I'm always placing sb's else interest before mine... 
Ava: That's not good, you're right. 
Ava: But it's not the end of the world either. 
Tim: Maybe...
Summary: Tim thinks he's not good at relationships. He's always placing somebody else's interest before his.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi Leah, it's your favourite former student here! How are you?
Leah: Sam! How are you doing? How's Uni going?
Sam: It's amazing! I love my flat, my friends and course! 
Leah: Oh, I'm so pleased. I know what it's like to have dodgy flatmates, from bitter experience!
Sam: Well, there were a couple of pesky vegans in the flat at the beginning of term, but they decided to leave mid-Oct. We didn't argue or anything though. They were thoroughly disturbed by our burger addiction and quietly found somewhere else. 
Leah: Vegans are people too! 
Sam: Yes, maybe! Anyway, How's college going?
Leah: Hectic as always! Jon is still entertaining us with his guitar playing and freestyle rapping!
Sam: Oh yes, I remember us all working in the studio and him singing Bowie songs when he died. It wasn't bad!
Leah: Yes, I don't mind Jon's singing, but the rapping is another story! I think he practises it in college because it annoys his wife too much!
Sam: 😄
Leah: I think coming in third in that rap battle in Bristol went to his head! Hope you're working hard, my boy!
Sam: Of course I am Leah, what with my 3 deadlines this month and my job at the cinema. No time for partying at the mo!
Leah: I can't believe it, Sam! When I was in Poly it was all raves and glowsticks! 
Sam: I'd love to have seen you then! It's not the 90s anymore, Leah! We've got fees, loans and virtually no grants! It's work, work work now!
Leah: I'm just kidding, I know what my nephew goes through.
Sam: Anyway, just completed some new illustrations. They're on Instagram if you know what that is?
Leah: Cheek! I'm not over the hill yet! I'll check them out.
Sam: I saw one of your book covers again the other day, stunning! 
Leah: Yes, my heady days as a freelancer. I miss it sometimes, then I think of the money...
Sam: Well, it's a precarious profession, isn't it? I've got all this to come.
Leah: Come for a chat in the hols. I'll dig out my old contacts book, give you a few names.
Sam: Thanks Leah. See you next month, probably. Bye!
Leah: Bye Sam. See you soon!
Summary: Sam is Leah's former college student. He likes his university, flat and friends. He lived with some vegans before, but they moved out mid-October. Leah's college is hectic. Sam is working hard, he has 3 deadlines this month and a job at the cinema. He's also an illustrator and designed a book cover.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: Hi
Elizabeth: Feel like a cup of good coffee?
Elizabeth: I've just got back from the cafe nearby
Elizabeth: It turned out they sell coffee beans
Anne: Coffee with you on Sunday afternoon?
Anne: Sounds good
Anne: I'll get going soon.
Elizabeth: I'm waiting :)
Summary: Elizabeth bought coffe beans at nearby cafe. She will have coffe with Anne on Sunday afternoon.
Dialogue: Nash: <file_other>
Raymond: that song is THE BOMB
Nash: i know, feeling the vibes already? :D
Raymond: we gonna hit the dance floor hard today
Nash: oh yeah, ladies beware!!
Raymond: hahahaha EXACTLY
Summary: Nash and Raymond are going to a party today.
Dialogue: Arthur: Buy bread
Isabelle: Already did
Arthur: Thanks sweetheart  
Summary: Arthur tells Isabelle to buy bread. She already did.
