Dialogue: Mark: Anyone fancy a beer after classes? It’s Friday?
Anne: I can’t, I’m tutoring today
Jess: I could, just need to make some rearrangements 
Mark: Nice! Anyone else?
Dee: I am so down, I am craving for a beer
Mark: I can always count on you:* 
Dee: Always at your service:D
Alex: I can, don’t have any plans
Kate: I’ll be there, but I can be late;( Where we meeting up?
Mark: I think like always, Craft Beers on Marszalkowska
Summary: Mark, Jess, Dee and Alex are meeting up at Craft Beers on Marszalkowska today. Kate will be late. Anne can't come due to tutoring.
Dialogue: Bella: What time are you arriving?
Michael: Google maps says 2 hours left
Christian: I'll be there in 1h
Bella: Is there a lot of traffic?
Michael: There is, but I still manage to go quite fast
Michael: Jessy has a heavy foot :D
Christian: I'm in the bus
Bella: I'm so happy you guys are coming!
Christian: Me too! It's been too long
Bella: Michael, tell Jessy there is no need to speed
Bella: If you arrive in 3-4 hours it's still ok
Michael: I already tried. She's not reformable :P
Bella: Just be safe!
Summary: Bella, Michael and Christian will meet together after a long break.
Dialogue: Jill: we should really start booking something for new years eve
Henry: lol it's June, really?
Jill: don't you remember what happened last year? It is always like this
Henry: maybe you are right
Jill: yeah I am, we always postpone this and promise each other we will do it later and then we wake up in november and nothing is available anymore
Henry: i guess so, were you thinking of going abroad this year?
Jill: nope, i would like to do it on a low budget, good old mountains will be great
Henry: did you already talk to everyone involved?
Jill: not yet but I am sure everyone will be on board, maybe except Tom
Henry: why?
Jill: he will probably want to go somewhere with Caroline and spend it alone ;)
Henry: ah ye, hahaha, we rarely see him anymore ;)
Jill: <file_gif>
Henry: exactly! :P
Summary: It was always too late to book something good for New Year's Eve, so this year Jill starts looking in June. She plans something low budget, like mountains. She is sure everyone would join, except Tom, who will probably spend this time with Caroline.
Dialogue: Nadine: In what hospital is she at?
Sam: St James's 
Will: ok, we'll be there in 30 min. thanks!
Summary: Will will be at the St. James's Hospital in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Benny: You can't imagine how much I hate all this New Year crap. As if I should rejoice in being older.
Kate: And wiser. God! You are not old!!
Benny: But my age (and especially the age of my friends) starts to show from the number of friends who have died in the past year, and those who have become incapacitated.
Kate: In actual fact I've been noticing the same. All of a sudden we are all talking about our ailments!
Benny: Or folks that we have just taken to their last place on earth. Or those who are but aren't here any longer. Like your hubby. So terrible for you.
Kate: One learns to cope. Rough time though.
Benny: I know what you mean.
Helen: Something recent?
Benny: In particular, one close friend Rob that I visit, had a stroke 7 weeks ago, and although showing signs of still “being in there” like smiling and squeezing hands, has not spoken or communicated in 7 weeks.
Helen: My dad had recovered after a stroke his understanding and learnt to communicate with us but never regained his power of speech.
Benny: We are not sure how much Rob really understands. Maybe he just greets us the way a friendly doggy reacts to being treated well.
Helen: This may change for the better, given plenty of positive interaction. And time. And patience. 7 weeks is nothing. a recovery process takes months.
Benny: You seem to know a lot. Let's hope you are right.
Helen: The point is we can't let such experiences bog us down! Please!
Benny: Far from it. Maybe just getting pensive from time to time.
Helen: :‑|
Summary: Benny doesn't like New Year's Eve celebration and getting older. Many of her friends are having health problems, like Rob who had a stroke 7 weeks ago, or have died, like Kate's husband. Helen's dad suffered a stroke and could never speak again, but she tries to stay positive.
Dialogue: Jeremy: <file_link>
Crystal: <3
Jeremy: we’re signing up tonight!
Crystal: yeah we just need to talk to sb from the group
Crystal: so we don’t end up on our own
Jeremy: oh fuck it;D
Crystal: u know I’d prefer to have sb to talk to at the table
Crystal: apart from u, of course ;*
Crystal: oh and then I can wear the new dress! pefect :D
Jeremy: u can wear it to the classes as soon as you finish it :D
Crystal: I’m still wondering whether to sew it or not
Jeremy: u considering buying it?
Crystal: not quite. I was rather thinking I would just wear the old one :D
Jeremy: well sewing doesn’t cost u anything, guess it’s worth a try
Crystal: the fabric is 100
Jeremy: ooh I thought you had some in your stash
Crystal: no, remember this photo i showed u?
Crystal: <file_link>
Crystal: red on black
Crystal: <file_link>
Crystal: that’s blue on black
Crystal: they also have black on black
Jeremy: blue is nice
Jeremy: but red and black are also ok
Crystal: u think blue?
Crystal: I thought maybe red…  thought i should go wild ;D
Crystal: but then i’ll need to look perfect, u know, everybody staring 
Jeremy: u always look perfect ;*
Crystal: oooh <3 :*
Jeremy: take red then ;D
Summary: Crystal and Jeremy are signing up tonight. Crystal will wear the new dress.
Dialogue: Lucas: man have u played RDD yet
Marshall: RDD?
Lucas: my bad
Lucas: I meant RDR2
Marshall: Ah
Marshall: Haven't had the chance to do that yet, I'm a little strapped for cash atm
Lucas: ohhh ur missin out
Lucas: man
Marshall: It's not often that I see you freak out like this over a game xD
Lucas: ur only saying that cuz u havent tried it urself
Lucas: its fucking magical im telling u
Marshall: Well, I have read a lot of good things about it too
Marshall: I'm hoping to get it soon
Lucas: like
Lucas: check out the snow physics
Lucas: <file_video>
Lucas: (also prepare for a surprise lol)
Marshall: Oh man, that is pretty sweet, wow
Marshall: It's the first time I've seen snow this realistic
Marshall: WTH
Marshall: Happened there
Marshall: Oh my God
Lucas: hahahahaha xD
Lucas: told u there was a surprise
Marshall: Nothing could've prepared me for that lol
Marshall: If it's a bug, I wouldn't even care because that's hilarious
Marshall: Damn, now you've really made me want to play it
Lucas: ;) ur welcome
Marshall: I don't have this much money, though... unless you can lend me some?
Summary: Marshall can't afford RDR2. Lucas is hyped with the game. Marshall wants to play it too.
Dialogue: Mandy: Do you remember that we are going to grandma today?
Alex: Yes mom, I do.
Alex: I will be at home right after school.
Summary: Mandy and Alex are going to see grandma today after school.
Dialogue: Terry: Are you going to IKEA tomorrow?
Nils: We're thinking about it
Sam: why? would you like to join?
Terry: yes
Cheryl: me too
Terry: I need some towels
Cheryl: and I want to look at couches there
Sam: no problem, I'll write you later
Terry: ok
Summary: Terry, Nils, Sam and Cheryl will go to IKEA tomorrow. Sam will write to them later. 
Dialogue: Alberto: here's my new number
Isaac: what happened to the old one?
Alberto: I lost the phone
Isaac: you know you can ask for a new card, don't you?
Alberto: no I can't
Alberto: it's prepaid
Isaac: still
Alberto: really?
Isaac: what company is it?
Alberto: Vodafone
Isaac: well I know you can do it with Orange for sure
Alberto: anyway it's too late
Alberto: I already have a new one
Isaac: have it your way man
Summary: Alberto gives Isaac his new phone number as he lost his existing phone. Isaac suggests that Alberto can ask for a new card but Alberto says that it's no longer relevant as he has a new number.
Dialogue: George: so what about Monday?
Mike: at 4 pm?
George: ok! 
Mike: great, see U!
Summary: Mike and George agreed to meet on Monday at 4 pm.
Dialogue: Tim: Hi, Tom.
Tom: Hey, Tim.
Tim: Did you talk to Tam?
Tom: Yes I did. It looks like she's no longer mad at you.
Tim: Ok. Thanks, Tom.
Tom: You're welcome, Tim.
Tim: That whole thing was just so... silly... why did I even argue with her?
Tom: Ask Tam, Tim!
Tim: By the way, I must once again say that our parents were shit at choosing names for their kids. XD
Tom: Tam, Tim, Tom, lots of fun!
Tim: XD
Summary: Tim had a fight with Tam but she's no longer mad at him.
Dialogue: Jim: Hey, I've sent you an email about Christmas but please ignore it
Eva: OK. I was going to call Aga's parents this afternoon
Jim: I was going to buy the tickets but have to wait till I get a confirmation of my holidays
Eva: So you're not coming on 24th?
Jim: No, I was not going to come before Christmas. I'll come on 26th or later.
Eva: OK, I didn't know that
Jim: The kids will go before, on the 19th.
Eva: So they're flying with Aga's parents?
Jim: Yes. 
Eva: And you're alone for Christmas???
Jim: I will probably see my brothers.
Eva: Why don't you go to Poland earlier?
Jim: I wish but I can't go with the kids because of my job, I could go on the 24th but they would have to pick me up in the afternoon... it's a trouble.
Jim: And I will have to work on 27th, probably. 
Eva: ok, but if by any chance you can come before Christmas we can pick you up at the airport! it's not a problem
Jim: thank you... but I know everyone's busy on Chrismas Eve
Eva: Don't worry. We'll stay at home with my parents.
Jim: OK. I will know before next weekend.
Eva: Please let me know.
Jim: OK. Thank you. 
Eva: Do you want me to explain anything to them?
Jim: No, we're fine now, thanks. Maybe I will ask you a favor when Iwona is here. We will probably need you to translate the details :)
Eva: OK!
Summary: Jim is going to come to Poland on the 26th of December or later. He might have to be at work on the 27th. If he travels before Christmas or on the 24th of December, Eva can pick him up from the airport. Eva does not have to explain anything to the parents. Her translation might be needed later on.
Dialogue: Walt: Nelly, did you finally get your new computer?
Nelly: No, still waiting ;(
Vincent: Where did you order it from?
Nelly: Here: <file_other>
Walt: I don't know this store.
Vincent: Oh, I've ordered stuff from them once or twice. It's been a few weeks till I got the package, but everything was in order then. They're reliable. Sure, they might be slow, but at least they're also cheap ;)
Summary: According to Vincent, the store providing the computer to Nelly is reliable and inexpensive but slow.
Dialogue: Lia: Are all of the things served there Polish?
Marion: hahah, I doubt
Tomasz: I have never drunk vodka with milk
Tomasz: so I'm not sure really
Patty: and the sausages?
Tomasz: yes, they are fairly Polish
Marion: and the strange thing like sponge in chocolate?
Tomasz: it's called bird's milk hahaha
Marion: sorry, it's quite disgusting
Marion: but vodka is delicious hahaha
Tomasz: I like the sweet
Tomasz: reminds me of my childhood, but most of foreigners dislike it indeed
Marion: but they like vodka :P
Tomasz: LOL
Summary: Lia, Marion, Patty and Tomasz are in a place where Polish food and drinks are served. 
Dialogue: Poly: I've seen a horrible documentary about China last night
Alice: why horrible?
Poly: they are going insane there
Jen: why?
Poly: I don't know why, hahaha
Poly: but the scope of control over people is terrifying
Han: yes, soon there will be no privacy
Han: and everything will be engineered
Poly: exactly, for example there is CCTV everywhere
Poly: if you break a rule, like cross a street at a red light
Poly: and they immediately show your face on a huge screen above the street
Poly: with all information: the ID number, name etc.
Alice: yes, it's a dystopia
Poly: yes, we're entering post-dystopia even
Summary: Poly saw a disturbing documentary about China. 
Dialogue: Kevin: I'm watching a show about magician on Netflix
Kevin: Guy studies magical tricks during which magicians died
Kevin: And recreates them
Tom: Wow. :o
Tom: Have to watch it stoned,
Tom: Might be hell of a show.
Summary: Kevin is watching a Netflix show Tom is also interested in.
Dialogue: Brook: Hello, It is an American company that's been on the market for 30 years. From 24 on the stock exchange, 3rd on the cosmetics market. 75 scientists work for the company. It was the first to market hyaluronic acid and as the only ethocne that improves skin elasticity. We have patented formulas and devices with galvanic currents. These decisions created many possibility, thanks to which we were able to form our beauty empire with pleasure. I'll explain everything to you and help you, if you're interested.
Erica: Hi, currently I am interested, but I still have a lot of questions... does this job entail me to promote certain products of this company on for example fb marketplace?
Brook: You promote products on your group or via fb messenger - but we don't promote our products through other selling groups on Facebook
Erica: Oki, so that's a no on fb selling product groups - does that include Facebook marketplace? (because that's general fb and everyone promotes their products there)...
Brook: No, on those fb groups, you can't create a secret group on Facebook (and it's on such a group that you'll sell items)
Erica: Sorry, could you explain that again?
Brook: You create a private/secret group in Facebook and on there you'll promote company products
Brook: <file_photo>
Brook: <file_photo>
Brook: Here i an example of a post of what you would write
Erica: I see... Thank you, however I think I'll have to turn down this job offer. Thank you for you time and have a nice day!
Brook: Let me know if you change your mind. Have a nice day!
Erica: I will. Thanks again!
Summary: Brook works for American company, present on the market for 30 years, 24 on stock exchange, 3rd position on the market with 75 scientists working. They patented formulas and devices with galvanic currents and marketed hyaluronic acid as first. Erica turns down the job offer presented by Brook.
Dialogue: Sara: <file_photo>
Diane: wow that color totally works for you!
Sara: thanks :)
Diane: is this your cat on a photo?
Sara: It used to be my cat, I moved out and it's my former housemate's
Diane: So chubby, loving in
Diane: do you dye your hair by yourself?
Sara: my housemate used to do my hair, now I do that by myself
Diane: and on that photo?
Sara: that color required bleaching hair so I had my hair done by a hairdresser
Diane: was it expensive?
Sara: It was a part of publicity for a saloon so I paid nothing
Diane: cool!
Sara: now I'm dying my hair purple
Diane: and no one tells u it's unprofessional or anything?
Sara: nope, they kinda got used to it
Diane: that's good
Sara: but I didn't feel good with blue hair, I felt too pale to pull it off
Diane: to me it looked great, but it's a huge difference 
Sara: I was very unhappy about cutting my hair this short
Diane: I totally get it, I did that a year ago and cried 
Sara: me too, but my boyfriend said it looks very cute
Diane: and what is your bf doing, btw? Where does he work?
Sara: he's a salesman, he recommends luxury goods
Diane: nice
Diane: look, i have to go now
Sara: ok
Diane: take care! :)
Sara: you too!
Summary: Sara had her hair done for free as it was a part of the saloon's publicity campaign. People got used to Sara's hairstyles. Sara and Diane were disappointed about having their hair shortened. Sara's boyfriend is a salesman.
Dialogue: Susie: Hey, are you busy?(=^··^=)
Elizabeth: It depends. What's up?😀
Susie: The muffins you made last time..Could you toss me the recipe? _(._.)_ m(_ _)m
Elizabeth: You never bake anything.😜 What's going on really?
Susie: I wanna make them for my boyfriend this weekend. ^m^
Elizabeth: Okay. ＼(-o-)／
Elizabeth: Preheat oven to 165 degrees C. Cut the pumpkin in half, stem to base. Remove seeds and pulp. Cover each half with foil. Bake in the preheated oven, foil side up, 1 hour, or until tender. Scrape pumpkin meat from  shell halves and puree in a blender. Strain to remove any remaining stringy pieces.
Susie: I'm copying it.
Elizabeth: 1 + 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder,1 teaspoon ground cinnamon,1/2 teaspoon ground ginger,1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves,1/2 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature,1 1/3 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs,1 1/3 cups pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. (Are you still there?)
Elizabeth: the rest as with all muffins. 
Elizabeth: I made a lot of pumpkin puree and I keep it in freezer 😀
Susie: (Yes I am(^.^)1111!!!! )How many muffins can you make at once?
Elizabeth: With this recipe? Around 12.
Elizabeth: They are heavier than normal muffins because of the pumpkin puree.
Elizabeth: But they are so nice. (^^)v(^^)v(^^)v(^^)v(^^)v(^^)v(^^)v(^^)v
Elizabeth: Especially during autumn and winter. Mug of autumn/winter tea and pumpkin spice muffins are awesome.
Susie: That sounds awesome! And so many at once! (＠_＠;)(＠_＠;)
Elizabeth: Give it a try. You cook well, so it wouldn't be that difficult for you.ヽ(^。^)ノ
Susie: I will try my best. I don't know if he would like what I bake for the first time in my life.
Susie: But I wanted to try cause your muffins were so nice. 
Elizabeth: If you come over I can let you know more recipes.
Susie: Awwwww1!!!!! Thanks11!!!!! When the muffins done, I will send you some pics. Thanks again!(´∀`)(´∀`)(´∀`)(´∀`)(´∀`)
Summary: Susie will make muffins with the pumpkin puree from Elizabeth's recipe.The recipe is for around 12 muffins. Susie will bake them for her boyfriend.
Dialogue: Chris: i have reserved a table for us for today
Nathan: perfect :D so we meet at 7?
Tom: did you get it for 5 people? Mark and Jake are also coming
Chris: I made a reservation for 6, just in case
Tom: good thinking bro thanks
Nathan: but it is boys-only right? no girls allowed
Chris: yeah of course
Chris: just as we discussed
Nathan: make sure to remind Jake, he bring Sara literally EVERYWHERE
Tom: haha i already called him to make sure he comes alone
Tom: but he was probably surprised
Nathan: that's what i am saying haha
Summary: Chris, Nathan, Tom, Mark and Jake are having a boy's only gathering. Chris booked a table for 7 o'clock.
Dialogue: Evelyn: heyyy, could I ask you a favour?
Douglas: ask away, I'll see what I can do?
Evelyn: I need to throw out our old monitor but it's pretty heavy and unfortunately we don't have a lift
Evelyn: I was wondering if you could help me with that. anytime is fine, really, I'm not in a hurry
Douglas: oh, no prob. I can't this week but the next one should be ok
Evelyn: thank you so much!! let me know when you're free
Summary: Douglas will help Evelyn throw out their old monitor. He will let her know when he can come, probably next week. 
Dialogue: Jane: Philip where are you? It's 4 p.m. and I'm waiting in front of the theatre!
Philip: I'm also waiting for you!
Jane: What? Where are you waiting?
Philip: As we agreed, in front of the Palace Theatre!
Jane: No, we agreed on the Public Theatre you moron!
Philip: I'm sure we talked about the Palace Theatre Jane!
Summary: Jane is waiting for Philip at 4 p.m. in front of the Public Theatre, while he is waiting for her in front of the Palace Theatre.
Dialogue: Liam: so bored
Noah: me too
Liam: what are you up to?
Noah: nothing, i'm literally in bed staring at the ceiling
Liam: lol same here
Noah: what a great way to spend the afternoon
Liam: lol, want to come over?
Noah: sure
Liam: we can play video games and order pizza
Noah: that sounds good
Liam: should we invite charlie?
Noah: why not? the more the merrier
Liam: could you please text him?
Noah: sure. see you in about an hour?
Liam: sounds perfect
Summary: Liam and Noah will meet at Liam's place in an hour to play video games. They will invite Charlie.
Dialogue: Shirley: have you ever had lobster?
Blake: never :-(
Shirley: NEVER!?!?!?!!?!
Blake: never
Shirley: i'm taking you out for dinner tomorrow and we'll have lobster
Blake: i won't say no to that, lol
Summary: Blake is taking Shirley for dinner tomorrow. They will have lobster. Blake has never eaten it.
Dialogue: Harold: Since it's my last day, I brought cookies!
Patty: Awesome!
Harold: They are in the breakroom, get em while they last.
Patty: That's so nice of you!
Harold: I know! LOL!
Patty: We're going to miss you.
Harold: That's nice! I'll miss you guys too!
Summary: It's Harold's last day, he brought cookies.
Dialogue: Bing: Hey, brother.
Tom: Hi, bro, what's up?
Bing: Just curious haw was it after I left.
Tom: You mean the party last night?
Bing: Yep.
Tom: You didn't miss much I tell you.
Bing: Yeah, why is that?
Tom: Well, Darryl got drunk and started fight with Alex.
Bing: I expected that, got to say.
Tom: Yeah. So, Andy obviously got mad.
Bing: Did they make a big mess.
Tom: They did try to that. Just didn't have time.
Bing: Oh, why is that?
Tom: Like I said, Andy got mad.
Bing: And? What did he do?
Tom: Just threw out both of them.
Bing: And they just went?
Tom: Yeah, should’ve seen Andy. Never seen him pissed off like that.
Bing: Really? Too bad I had to leave so early.
Summary: At the party last night Bing left earlier than Tom. After Bing left, Darryl got drunk and fought with Alex, but Andy kicked them out.
Dialogue: Pete: Hey, can I get that recipe for tiramisu that you made? You said it's foolproof.
Suzy: It really is! A monkey could do it. Let me find it.
Pete: I'm no sure I'm as skilled as a monkey but I will try! 
Suzy: Well monkey do go to space and I don't even trust you with that bike of yours! jk
Pete: Yeah, I gotta sell that thing. I'm getting too old for that. And baking cookies isn't very hardcore ;)
Suzy: I don't know, maybe you can have a motorcycle gang that sells cookies! That would be HILARIOUS. 
Suzy: Ok, sent you en email with the recipe. Any questions, just ask. It's real simple.
Pete: Thanks a lot! Do I really need Marsala wine? Can I use anything else? Rum?
Suzy: I really wouldn't do rum... Baileys maybe? or you can skip alcohol altogether and just add some flavor drops. Amaretto would be okay too.
Pete: Cool, thanks. I don't think I would find some fancy Italian wine around here. Already not sure about the savoiardi? You said it was simple!
Suzy: It is! That's just ladyfingers. Most groceries have them, look around other cookies, baking stuff, etc. Should be there. And mascarpone around cream cheese. Easy!
Summary: Suzy sent Pete the foolproof recipe for tiramisu. Pete wants to use rum but Suzy suggests skipping it or adding flavor drops. Pete needs ladyfingers and according to Suzy will find them around baking stuff at most groceries. 
Dialogue: Julia: Emergency, we really need a plumber ASAP. Peter and I can't deal with it
Adrian: What is the problem Julia?
Julia: <file_video> All day long… And this toilet doesn't seem to have any kind of valve.
Adrian: It did have, we checked it all when we first took over the house in Jan, so something has mysteriously gone! I have a plumber coming out, but he will only be able to stop the flow tonight before getting parts tomorrow. Steve will arrive later.
Julia: Can you tell me where the valve might be hidden? I'm not a toilet master…
Adrian: No, haven't got a clue. The plumber will sort it.
Julia: Ok, sorry. We don't want to create problems all the time.
Summary: The toilet is broken and Julia needs help. A plumber will come and stop the flow tonight and finish the repairs tomorrow.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi, how are you?
Evie: I'm good! Finished my first round of holiday prep. Shipping everything to mom tomorrow.
Evie: Haven't done much other than that. I need to work! How are you?
Bill: I'm okay. Still a bit down.
Bill: Work is crazy. Brad is in terrible shape with back spasms and on muscle relaxants and two pain meds.
Evie: Oh, poor Brad! Poor you! D:
Bill: Other than that shit, I'm fine! LOL!
Bill: Just need a break. I'm worn out!
Evie: LOL!
Evie: Well, at least that's something!
Evie: Hang in there, it will get better! I hope!
Bill: It will.
Bill: Gotta run. Love you!
Evie: Love you, too! Try to have a better afternoon!
Bill: Will do. You too!
Evie: :-*
Summary: Evie will ship stuff to her mum tomorrow. She's preparing for holidays. Bill feels down. He has a lot of work. Brad has back spasms and he's taking medicine for that. 
Dialogue: Patryk: Did you guys see that new Netflix series? 
Ola: Which one? 
Patryk: 1983
Ricardo: Oh yeah I watched the first episode of it
Patryk: I am about to watch it rn 
Patryk: Very dark thriller
Matt: I was extra on it
Patryk: You kidding? 
Matt: No I am not
Patryk: You didn't say anything
Matt: What? 
Matt: Well camera shooting was held in April
Matt: It was a while ago
Ola: Wow
Ola: Matt you're famous xd
Ola: What is it abt? 
Ricardo: An alter story about Poland in communism 
Ola: Hmmm 
Ola: Interesting, I should watch it 
Ricardo: Mehh idk so far its going slow
Summary: Matt was starring in the Netflix series called 1983.
Dialogue: Bret: Did you see the Bears score on Sunday? It was a good game but same old same old!
Julie: I did! Can you believe they scored that last TD? Talk about a miracle!
Bret: I no – this team could be so much better if they didn’t have such a lousy running game.
Julie: Yeah…
Summary: Julie and Bret discuss the Bears game they both saw on Sunday.
Dialogue: Tim: I just heard! I'm so sorry:(
Peter: Thank you, Tim.
Tim: do you need anything?
Peter: No, I'm fine, thank you.
Tim: OK, if that ever changes just remember I'm here for you 
Peter: I know, thank you again 
Tim: Don't mention it. It will get easier, you know. 
Peter: Yeah, that's what everyone keeps telling me. It doesn't make it less painful...
Tim: :( I'm here for you. 
Summary: Tim feels sorry for Peter. Peter thanks Tim for his support.
Dialogue: Alex: Can you please broadcast the latest press release to all our Facebook groups?
Chris: Sure. I'm not getting home until 10pm so I can do it then.
Alex: Can you do it any earlier? Need it done by 6pm or so.
Chris: Afraid not. I'm at work until 9pm.
Alex: Any idea who else might be available to do it?
Chris: I'll ask around and let you know.
Chris: Asked around and most people are in Facebook jail at the moment due to too much posting across the groups.
Alex: Damn!
Chris: I'll ask my girlfriend if she can do it. She finishes work earlier.
Alex: OK.
Chris: She said yes but she doesn't have admin rights on the groups. Can you authorize her so she can do the posting tonight?
Alex: Lemme contact Stephen and find out if that's OK.
Chris: OK
Alex: What's your girlfriend's alias again?
Chris: Monalisa
Alex: OK.
Alex: OK. All done. Let me know if it all works.
Chris: Shall do.
Summary: Chris's girlfriend is going to broadcast the latest press release to all Facebook groups. Chris will let Alex know how it went.
Dialogue: Steve: Hi, Matt.
Matt: Hey, how are you?
Steve: Well, I've got some bad news unfortunately :(
Matt: What is it?
Steve: Bridget's Grandma has passed away.
Matt: Oh, I am so sorry...
Steve: Thanks
Matt: What can I do?
Steve: Nothing, thank you, Steve, I just wanted you to know
Steve: in case she doesn't answer her phone or something.
Matt: Sure, I'm with you, guys, if you need anything just let me know.
Steve: Thanks.
Summary: Bridget's Grandma has passed away and Steve wanted to inform Matt about it.
Dialogue: Tom: Hi Dad, are you coming to see me next week end?
Dad: yes honey, i'm so impatient
Tom: when would you arrive?
Dad: i 'll land in Paris friday evening but  my train is only on saturday morning.
Tom: what time is your train?
Dad: i'll arrive at 11:05am at the train station
Tom: Nice. I'll be there
Dad: thanks honey. Do you have any program for the week end?
Tom: yep. I'd like you to discover my favorite restaurant.
Dad: which one?  The Seoul Palace?
Tom: No  the Mikado. You'll eat the best yakitori of the world. Really!
Dad: do we need to book it?
Tom: no need. The chef is a friend of me. He's such a guy!
Dad: and for lunch? I'll be starving !
Tom: don't worry! the best burger in town is waiting for you!
Dad: you're without any pity
Tom: pity for what?
Dad: my coronaries!!!
Tom: i'll  take care of your health
Dad: with burgers and french fries??
Tom: sunday  morning let's run a 10k
Dad: ok, we'll be quite busy this week end
Tom: and quite tired for monday morning!!! lol
Dad: love you son. see you 
Summary: Dad is coming to see Tom next weekend. He will land in Paris on Friday evening but he will arrive at the train station at 11:05 am on Saturday. Tom will take him to try yakitori at his favourite restaurant, Mikado. Dad also wants to have a burger for lunch. They might go for a 10k run on Sunday.
Dialogue: Ellen: Are you available for a meeting this Thursday at 6pm?
John: Let me check my diary and I'll let you know in an hour or so.
Ellen: OK!
John: I've checked and 6pm on Thursday should be fine.
Ellen: Great! I'll email the agenda to you this evening.
John: Thank you.
John: Ellen, I checked my inbox this morning and I can't find the agenda.
Ellen: I definitely emailed it last night.
John: No worries. I'll check again.
John: Can't find it. What email address did you send it from?
Ellen: The usual one ellen@tmi.com
John: Doh! I just found it. It was in my spam folder. Silly me! :-)
Ellen: Yeah it happens. Glad you got it!
Ellen: BTW do you have all the quotes ready for the meeting?
John: Yes, of course. Got them all done last week.
Ellen: Awesome! 
John: No problems. Glad to be of help.
Ellen: See you on Thursday. Let me know if there's anything you need in the meantime.
John: I think I'll be right but if there's anything I'll sure let you know.
Summary: John and Ellen will have a meeting on Thursday at 6 pm. Ellen sent John the agenda for the meeting. Ellen has all the necessary quotes.
Dialogue: Rene: so, I thought they were gonna lose the game
Luisa: yes, they got me worried!
Luisa: but they showed some character in the end
Rene: yeah, a draw is not that bad
Rene: shame it took so long to score
Luisa: mhm they were pretty poor in the final third today
Luisa: but the fought till the end and deserved something from the game
Rene: agree! they're fighters, no doubt about it
Summary: The team that Luisa and Rene were rooting for won.
Dialogue: Mary: That’s great news! I’m so happy that you’re coming home! Would you like to say over at your parents’ house?
Josh: Don’t no yet. Probably I’ll stay at the hotel close to the city center. My parents live an hour from the city…
Mary: Sure, we should meet when you come. 
Josh: Of course! 
Mary: Call me when you’re in London. I don’t have any plans for the weekend
Josh: Do you want to meet at Gary’s?
Mary: Yes, that’s our favorite pub 😊
Mary: Maybe John and Lucy can join us
Josh: Perfect 😊
Mary: I’ll call them today
Josh: <file_gif>
Mary: <file_gif>
Josh: 😊
Summary: Josh is coming to London. He is going to stay at a hotel. He is going to meet Mary at Gary's pub on the weekend. Mary is going to invite John and Lucy as well.
Dialogue: Charles: <file_other>
Charles: It seems that the govt decided to fuck us even harder
Charles: Every year prices go up
Charles: Maybe raising taxes is a source of pleasure for those so called 'politicians'?
Mike: Dude...
Mike: I don't mind people interested in kinky stuff
Mike: But have never expected such political perversion in my own country
Charles: Neither have I. It makes me think
Charles: That wouldn't be a big deal if only the earnings would go up as well
Charles: No wonder people resort to going abroad
Mike: Actually I've been considering working somewhere abroad lately
Mike: I've been looking for a job since May here and there's a few offers available
Mike: Mainly physical, hard work...
Charles: This system sucks!
Charles: You're wasting the best years of your life on education, then it turns out there's no job for you in your profession...
Mike: Yeah, it's true. But complaining rarely changes anything
Mike: It's better to take some action
Mike: Going abroad is not that bad, I think I'll give it a try. Wanna join me?
Charles: And where would you like to go?
Mike: The Netherlands for starters, the perspectives are decent and it'd be a chance to visit Amsterdam, the city of freedom! :D
Charles: Damn, you're pulling me in!
Charles: And actually... besides earning some money it can serve as a good adventure
Mike: So? R U in?
Charles: Give me a few days, I'll ask around and let you know soon
Mike: Fine, remember that I'm going anyway :p
Charles: Sure, I feel I've already decided too! :D
Charles: Talk to you soon
Mike: All right
Summary: Mike and Charles complain about the government and understand young people that leave the country for work. Mike is going to work abroad himself. Charles is still thinking.
Dialogue: Vicky: Bonjour Rita!
Rita: hi!!! greetings from spain! Ive heard youre going to iceland with olivier :P
Vicky: :D happy to hear from you
Rita: and he looks like an arab now
Vicky: ha ha
Rita: without binocles. Great to hear from you too. Have a great game, beat these wankers!
Vicky: I wish I could, but he does not want to go with me ;) Sure I will win
Rita: What?!?!
Vicky: We miss you
Rita: I miss you too, hope this time will pass quickly and well see each other in france
Vicky: Yeahhhhh. Did you know that olivier did not like to play games before? Since you came he enjoys playing
Rita: Glad to hear that 8-) board games are cool tell him that Vicky! :D
Vicky: I will :D
Rita: is he loosing or winning? :P
Vicky: always loosing haha
Rita: hahaha enjoy your games, big kisses and hugs for Kate and Peter too. Ciao ciao
Summary: Rita is in Spain. Vicky is going to Iceland with olivier. Vicky and Olivier are playing board games. 
Dialogue: Ursula: Hey!! Anyone wants to go to Vail with me? 
Ursula: Kevin is dropping out and my parents 🤦‍♀️
Ursula: are willing to replace him with someone
Ursula: If anyone wants to 
Anna: Oh! When are you guys going to Vail? 
Anna: Id like to! Im asking my mom 🙇‍♀️
Ursula: Like in February? For skiing
Anna: I'd love to 
Jason: Nice! I can't for sure. Going to Thailand during the feb reading break 
Anna: Jealous of you Jason! 
Anna: Yeah I have to plans! 
Ursula: Sure Anna, ask your mom! 
Anna: Yeah we're not going anywhere in feb 
Anna: They've been to Vail without me XD 
Anna: K Im down 🙌
Ursula: Ok I will let them know and we will tak about this at our next fam jam meeting
Summary: Anna is going to Vail with Ursula and her family in February. Jason is going to Thailand in February.
Dialogue: John: Do you think he really knows what he's talking about?
Mark: I have sometimes some doubts
Matthias: Me too
John: So good, it's not only me
Matthias: do you remember the women he tried to help?
John: yes, sure
Matthias: he only made it worse, and they had to call an ambulance
John: I know, I'm not sure he even studied physiotherapy 
Mark: maybe we should just ask him about his education?
John: I will!
Summary: John, Mark and Matthias question his competencies.
Dialogue: Lily: You watched the last episode of Teen Wolf? 
Liam: Yeah I did
Lily: I was amazed to see Ethan back from death
Liam: I couldnt believe, How did he survive that shot
Lily: Thats because he is also having the power of wolves right now
Liam: I already knew that much :P
Lily: Lets see what happens next
Summary: Lily and Liam watched the last episode of Teen Wolf and they are discussing it. 
Dialogue: Robert: I'm so sorry for your loss Karen
Karen: Thank you Robert
Tom: I'm sorry Karen, Harry was an amazing man :(
Michael: Are you planning on a memorial service?
Karen: Yes, it's not easy at this stage to get my head around everything, but yes
Karen: We reserved an Italian place, the one Harry loved - La Tomatina
Tom: That's a lovely idea
Robert: I've heard from Janet that the service will be in St. Thomas's Church
Karen: Yes, at 11 am. I hope you will be able to come
Robert: Of course we will!
Tom: We sure will, Karen
Michael: Is there anything you need love? Remember that we're all here for you
Karen: Thank you, I really appreciate it
Summary: Tom and Robert send their condolences to Karen on the loss of Harry. The service will be in St. Thomas's Church at 11 am, followed by a memorial service in La Tomatina. 
Dialogue: Loren: hate him so much
Iren: know what u mean, he's such a moron
Loren: <file_gif>
Summary: Loren hates him.
Dialogue: Uncle Billy: Your scissors came in the post today, your funny scissors.
Abbie: They're mom's. For the cats' claws.
Uncle Billy: That's a relief.
Abbie: Why?
Uncle Billy: I thought you were planning to trim my nose hairs.
Summary: Uncle Billy thought that Abbie's mom ordered scissors to trim his nose hairs. Her mom ordered them for the cats' claws. 
Dialogue: John: Hello Al, you coping ok?
Al: Hi there! Snowed under John, same as you, I'm sure!
John: I'll be so pleased when this bloody term is over!
Al: You and me both! 
John: God! Just remembered we scheduled some revision classes at Easter, so bang goes the second week off!
Al: Oh yes, what joy! We're going to Sara's parents in Leicester for the first week, so I won't be able to pull out my books and laptop there much!
John: Oh yes, the parents-in-law holiday visit, lovely! Don't worry lad, we've got revision stuff all prepped from last year, you should have been sent the file by Brian or Hilary.
Al: Oh, I'll dig it out, (if it's there!) and have a read over it next week.
John: Oh shit, I remember Romeo isn't on there, we didn't do it last year, someone's going to have to write up some sheets for it! I'll mention it to Hilary tomorrow in the staff meeting.
Al: Should I offer to do it?
John: Yeah, if you're up for it! It'll earn you some Brownie points with Hilary and Senior staff when it comes to renewing your contract. 
Al: OK, then, I'll tell her tomorrow at the meeting.
John: Good idea, I haven't got your youthful energy!
Al: Well, I really need to be kept on, we want to start trying for a baby soon!
John: Are you nuts!? No, seriously, you definitely need to be in a secure job first.
Al: When will they decide about my contract, John?
John: After Easter I should think. I'll put a word in, of course, as I'm your line manager.
Al: You're a pal, John, thanks! 
John: Better get back to marking Of Mice and Men, then, the excitement might kill me, though!
Al: I've been running through the themes with my middle group, they are not exactly bright sparks, are they?
John: Had then last year, they may surprise you come exam time, mind! They don't say a lot, but some of their work is promising.
Al: Hmm, maybe, anyway, see you at the meeting first thing!
John: Right, bye!
Summary: John will be working his second week off. Al is visiting his parents-in-law. Al will write some sheets for the revision material. John will put a good word in for Al. 
Dialogue: Ivy: Hey Derek 🙂
Ivy: I need an advice from a professional photographer 😉
Derek: Then why u write me lol
Derek: Jk jk
Derek: Whatsup?
Ivy: Could you tell me what can I do to make it look better?
Ivy: <file_photo>
Derek: That is a nice self-portrait
Derek: Or as you wish, "selfie" lol
Ivy: lol, I prefer portrait 🙂
Derek: First of all, next time before you take a photo, pay attention to the light and balance of composition
Derek: There is too much going on on the right side of the photo, but anyways, for now
Derek: You could choose the option 'enhance', and please, cut out the unnecessary background
Ivy: <file_photo>
Derek: Looks way better, good job!
Derek: And remember not to put too many filters on it 😉
Ivy: I promise I won't! Thank you for your help Derek 😃
Summary: Ivy asks Derek for advice on photography. Derek suggests that she should pay more attention to lighting and framing.
Dialogue: Vlad: I am so pumped for my trip to Santorini this summer!
Nina: What?? who you're going with! 🙆‍♀️
Vlad: I am going with Candice! 💒
Vlad: We'll have a great time!
Nina: You guys are together? 
Vlad:  We haven't made it official 
Nina: Make it facebook official haha 
Vlad: Too cliche 
Nina: omg haha 💑
Jake: Bro what's up!
Jake: You're with Candice now? 
Jake: Congrats! 
Vlad: Yes! And we booked our flights this morning! 
Nina: So in love.. 💑
Summary: Vlad is going with his new girlfriend Candice to Santorini this summer.
Dialogue: Kelly: How was the party last night?
Betty: It was ok. But I didn't like the part when 5 people were jumping inside the elevator.
Kelly: Haha, what?
Betty: Yeah, we were all a bit drunk and started singing a song and jumping,
Betty: Luckily we did not stuck but I was concerned we might.
Kelly: Ehh. Good old college times. I miss it xD
Summary: Betty enjoyed the party last night but she almost got stuck in the elevator. Kelly misses good old college times.
