Dialogue: Matthew: So why Dorota and Kinga aren't invited
Kristof: because they're bosses
Matthew: haha i see
Matthew: that's good 
Annie: I don't feel like going there with bosses
Annie: So ye good haha
Declan: It was a dumb question Matt
Matthew: XDXD
Matthew: Idk I just wanted to make sure
Declan: 🤣🤣🤣
Matthew: Ola is coming tho right?
Kristof: She is bro
Declan: 👍
Summary: Dorota and Kinga are not invited because they are bosses. Ola is coming.
Dialogue: Catherine: How is Thailand?
Lia: warm!
Camille: hahah, that's the most important thing
Lia: I like it a lot, good food, sun
Catherine: Are you going to Laos as well
Lia: I don't want to travel too much
Lia: I need to rest finally
Catherine: sure!
Summary: Lia is enjoying her time in Thailand and won't travel to Laos as she needs to rest finally. 
Dialogue: Frank: who's up for playing some fifa with me?
Maddy: i'm out now! sorry
Alice: i can play a game or two :)
Frank: got it! launching the game now :D
Summary: Alice agrees to play Fifa with Frank.
Dialogue: Ashley: Karen, I loved your presentation.
Karen: Thanks, dear 😘
Peter: It was great!
Ashley: I loved the anecdotes 
Ashley: It was so interesting
Karen: I'm happy you liked it
Karen: 🙃
Summary: Karen had a presentation. Peter and Ashley participated and liked it.
Dialogue: Virginia: do u like reality shows?
Deb: i LOVE them! <3
Virginia: tune in to channel 7!!
Virginia: a super trashy reality show just premiered
Deb: hahahaha ok
Deb: i hope i don't become addicted to it!
Summary: Deb loves reality shows. Virginia watches a trash reality at channel 7.
Dialogue: Irene: You know...
Irene: I have a big problem
Jonathan: Eh? What is it?
Irene: Yesterday I met up with a friend and she told me she was getting married soon
Irene: The wedding is in another city, though, pretty far away
Jonathan: Huh...
Irene: I was shocked, I didn't even know she was engaged. We haven't kept in touch, really
Irene: So I didn't know how to behave and I implied I would be there but now I don't really feel like it
Irene: I feel so stupid, if I had said I wasn't sure I could come, it would be easier to say no now
Jonathan: Yeah, I can see your point... why don't you want to go, though?
Irene: It's just that... I have no one to accompany me AND I know none of her friends
Irene: Since it's so far away, it's not like I'll be able to just leave any time if I feel uncomfortable
Jonathan: That's true
Irene: And really, first she didn't tell me she had a boyfriend, then she didn't tell me she'd got engaged... I don't know
Irene: I haven't even met her fiance... it feels awkward
Jonathan: What? You haven't even met him?
Irene: Yeah, I don't even know what he looks like
Jonathan: I can't blame you for not wanting to go, then, I mean you're supposed to be friends, so it is sort of weird. Don't feel bad if she didn't even bother to introduce you first
Summary: Irene has been invited to a wedding but is unsure if she would like to go. 
Dialogue: Janet: <photo_file>
Julia: I saw that!!
Janice: Who's that guy??
Janice: Never heard of him
Julia: That's obviously the father
Janice: But where is he from?
Janice: I thought Amy was in a relationship with Brody
Janice: They've been together for over 2 years
Janet: Apparently they are not anymore
Janet: She's pregnant with this other guy
Janet: Mister Mysterious  
Janice: Who is he???
Janice: I'm so curious what happened?
Janice: And what Brody has to say about it
Summary: Amy is not with Brody anymore, she's pregnant with someone else. Janice, Julia and Janet are wondering who the father is.
Dialogue: Damon: anybody's got the book for Lidl?
Eleanor: the one with healthy food? not me
Haley: i need one more sticker just in case you have one
Kimberly: i can give you a sticker. AND i've got the book :)
Damon: oh cool how is it then?
Kimberly: no idea
Damon: how come?
Kimberly: didn't even take a look. nice cover tho
Eleanor: haha i have the one with fish and still not open
Summary: Kimberly has the Lidl book and can give Damon the sticker.
Dialogue: Mark: Are you going to vote tommorrow for mid-term elections ?
Monika: Sure I will. And you ?
Mark: I'm not sure. For me all politicians are liars and I don't thing my vote won't change anything.
Monika: Of course it will. If everybody does like you, we soon will have new catastrophes like we had last time
Mark: You're talking about last presidential election ?
Monika: Exactly. If people like you had voted then, results would have been different
Mark: Do you think my vote can change anything ? Maybe you're kidding
Monika: Yours maybe not, but if we add thousends of people like you, yes
Mark: But I still don't know who I should vote for.
Monika: Look at their programs and choose the best, or the least worst :)
Mark: And if my candidate was not as good as I thought ?
Monika: Next time you will know, and at least you will avoid that the worst candidate passes
Mark: OK, you convinced me, I am going to vote
Summary: Monika is going to vote tomorrow but Mark has some doubts. Monika convinced Mark to vote.
Dialogue: Peggy: Hello everyone! The national congress is held in Warsaw (12-13.01). You are going to have 2 days of meetings, workshops, and parties. All regional councils and team leaders are invited. I expect you to confirm your attendance until next Wednesday.
Tim: I don’t want to go! 😟😟
Peggy: Ok, that’s fine 🙄
Peggy: Maria is looking for a logistician to help her with conducting the workshops for parents on Saturday (10am-5pm). We would be forced to cancel the meeting, if none of you could participate.
Jada: I have my own workshops this Saturday 😒.
Tim: What would I need to do?
Peggy: Bring stuff, take it back, look after the participants. As always.
Tim: I’m going with my kid to the cinema. It’s her birthday. But I’ll ask Mark 😉.
Raphael: Where is it?
Peggy: Your school.
Raphael: Really 😱😱😱?
Tim: Oh, Raphael. You’re the host, you should be a logistician 😅.
Peggy: I’m surprised you didn’t know. You work in one team with Maria 😕.
Peggy: I don’t understand why you avoid talking to each other.
Raphael: She can do it herself 😒. I don’t understand why she needs a logistician.
Peggy: Ask her, not me 😒.
Raphael: Ok, I have workshops as well – I’m meeting with my new team members, and I have to explain them how the CRM works.
Peggy: You can take them to the workshops 🦄. 
Jada: Just do it! Just say yes! 😜
Raphael: Naaah 🙄🙄🙄
Raphael: Okay. Yes. 😞
Summary: The national congress takes place in Warsaw, 12-13.01. Maria needs a logistician. Tim and Jada can't come. Raphael doesn't want to, but finally agrees. 
Dialogue: Martha: What do you do to get rid of stress?
Anna: Not much... that's my problem
Anna: Or I drink
Martha: Really?
Anna: :-(
Anna: And you?
Martha: I meditate and do sports
Anna: Sounds like a much healthier option...
Martha: I'm worried about you
Anna: I haven't told anyone
Anna: But everyday after work I have a glass of wine or two
Anna: Sometimes more
Anna: It helps me to relax
Summary: Anna usually drinks or does nothing to get rid of stress, whereas Martha meditates and does sports. Martha is worried about Anna, because she drinks wine after work everyday to relax.
Dialogue: Josh: Thanks! Do you know her size?
Monica: Don't you?
Josh: I tried being discreet about it, but every method I found on the internet failed.
Monica: What did you do?
Josh: I tried tying a string around her finger, but she woke up.
Monica: Yeah, she's a light sleeper. 
Josh: Now I know that. I tried getting her to buy a ring so that I could measure it.
Monica: That's a good idea!
Josh: Not really. We spent the entire evening at different shops, she measured virtually any ring she could find but didn't buy anything.
Monica: Hahaha! I know! I remember one time we went shopping. I came out with 3 full shopping bags and she just got a slurpee.
Josh: Not funny. 
Monica: Don't worry, I'll figure something out. 
Summary: Josh wants to buy her a ring, but he doesn't know her size. Monica will help him to figure it out. 
Dialogue: Elizabeth: How about the cathedral?
Kathleen: Eh probably there’s a tower…
Elizabeth: Yes, there is ;]
Kathleen: No way, I’m not climbing some stupid stairs
Elizabeth: You can wait outside, it’ll not take long…
Kathleen: Great, standing there alone, nice organization!
Elizabeth: How on earth am I supposed to organize anything when you are against anything I come up with!!
Kathleen: Maybe you just have bad ideas ;/
Elizabeth: The rest of the group is not complaining, only you
Kathleen: Maybe you just don’t know about it
Elizabeth: Listen, I’m done, I will not ask you about anything, you’ll see the program in a few days and tell me if you want to go or not
Kathleen: It’s even worse, you promised everyone will have a chance to express their opinions!
Elizabeth: But I didn’t expect anyone to behave in a way that you do, sorry
Kathleen: I’m just not agreeing to everything, unlike others! I have my own views about all that, I won’t change my mind
Elizabeth: Soo you’ll decide in a few days
Kathleen: That’s a bitch move
Elizabeth: Alright, we’re getting that far… Be careful
Kathleen: Pff stop threatening me
Elizabeth: I’m not threatening, those messages are being saved, I can show them to coordinators and you may have to leave the group because you behave in an inappropriate way
Kathleen: Seriously!
Summary: Kathleen does not agree with the suggestions Elisabeth does for the trip. Elisabeth finds Kathleen's behaviour difficult to organise something for. She threatens to show Kathleens messages to the coordinators.  
Dialogue: Leo: Do you guys have a kindle or an iPad I could borrow?
Martha: I have an iPad, but I'm using it :(
Jack: I have a kindle. What do you need it for?
Leo: I'm going to China and I don't have enough space in my luggage for all the books
Martha: Wow! China! How long are you going for?
Leo: A month, that's why I thought a kindle might be useful. The flight's long as well and I doubt I'll be able to buy English books there
Jack: Hm, I wouldn't be so sure, I don't think it'll be a problem
Leo: Maybe, but I think kindle will be a better solution
Jack: Sure, you can use but please bring it in one piece ;)
Leo: No worries!
Summary: Leo is going to China and needs to borrow a kindle or iPad to read during the long flight. Jack will lend Leo his kindle. 
Dialogue: Sabina: Finallyyyy
Sabina: I'm an aunt!!!!
Dacey: Hurrah!!!
Dacey: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Dacey: 👏👏👏👏👏
Dacey: 😻😻😻😻😻😻
Dacey: <file_gif>
Dacey: I'm so happy for you :) Fantastic news!!!
Dacey: I have been thinking about you all morning 😊
Sabina: It's so great!!! 😻😻😻😻😻
Dacey: Congratulations to you and your family 😘😘
Sabina: Thank you 😍
Summary: Sabina is finally an aunt.
Dialogue: Brandon: Mom, I forgot the keys!
Mom: Grrrr...again?
Brandon: I was leaving so fast, I didn't want to be late for school.
Mom: Well, I'm already on my way to work. 
Brandon: So what now?
Mom: Come by my work after school to pick it up.
Brandon: How will I find you?
Mom: Just write me when you get to the reception. I'll come down.
Brandon: Ok, thanks. Bye.
Mom: Bye
Summary: Brandon forgot his keys again so has to come to Mom's work to pick hers up. 
Dialogue: Darline: How have you been?
Christy: I'm ok
Darline: Have you forgotten Haiti?
Christy: I could never forget about Haiti
Darline: When are you coming here?
Christy: I don't know
Christy: My husband also wants to come back
Christy: He really loved it
Darline: Last week it was pretty tense
Darline: This week it's calm
Christy: Manifestations?
Darline: manifestation with violence
Christy: I'm really sorry to hear that
Summary: Christy and her husband would like to revisit Darline in Haiti. Darlene mentions there sometimes are manifestations with violence. 
Dialogue: Dad: I am making some pancakes come downstairs
Olaf: Ohh nice of you
Olaf: Coming right away! 
Summary: Dad wants Olaf to come downstairs to have some pancakes.
Dialogue: Malia: wanna join me for a snack?
Richard: where are you?
Malia: 3rd floor, the Cyber Cafe
Terry: ok, I'll be there in 3 min
Richard: me too
Summary: Richard and Terry are joining Malia for a snack at Cyber Cafe in 3 minutes.
Dialogue: Kate: Hi dear
Karen: Hi sweetheart, all good?
Kate: I'm worried about the math test...
Karen: When is it?
Kate: Tomorrow :/
Karen: I have a geography test on Tuesday. Come over, we can study together!
Kate: I don't know... :/
Karen: Come, come! It will be fine. I can help you!
Kate: Ok...
Karen: No need to be stressed. I'm good at math. If you have any questions I will help you.
Kate: Thanks. Today is Sunday. Busses don't run often.
Karen: Take your bike.
Kate: Ok. I'll be there in 30.
Karen: Great! Waiting for you :*
Kate: I'm coming.
Karen: I'll prepare us some snacks.
Kate: Nice. Your avocado toasts were amazing.
Karen: I have no avocado but I'll make sth better ;-)
Kate: Cool, I'm coming to you. Thanks love!
Summary: Kate is worried about the math test tomorrow. Karen has a geography test on Tuesday so offers to study together. Kate will be at Karen's in 30.
Dialogue: Abby: Hey!! What are you doing this Wednesday?
Jason: uhh, not sure,I think my mom wanted me to stop by for dinner.
Abby:  Ha, you’re not sure!? Well, if you end up being free I’ve got a super fun proposition.
Jason: oh yeah, and what’s that?
Abby:  Well, Wednesday’s are cheaper days at the movies, and there’s this new movie about Queen, I thought we could check it out.
Jason: Queen, Freddie Mercury, the band movie?
Abby: Yeah dude, sounds pretty cool right? 
Jason: I could watch a movie bout that. 
Abby: Here’s a link to the trailer.
Jason: Sweet, looks pretty cool. I’m down. I’ll ask my mom when she’s having dinner, maybe we can catch a late screening.
Abby: cool cool, yeah let me know what time. I’d want to buy the tickets in advance since it’ll probably be full that night. 
Summary: Abby invites Jason to go see the movie about Queen with her this Wednesday, as Wednesdays are cheaper days at the cinema. Jason might have to go to his mom for dinner, but they might still be able to catch a late screening.
Dialogue: Archie: I got a job!
Owen: Congrats, bro!
Giles: At that hardware store?
Archie: Yes. It's not exactly my dream job, but it's not that bad either.
Owen: And it's gonna pay the bills?
Archie: Exactly!
Summary: Archie got a job at the hardware store. 
Dialogue: Ann: Have you not packed my T-shirt?
Carol: Which one?
Ann: This black one, I can not find it.
Carol: Wait, I'll check in my suitcase.
Summary: Ann cannot find the black T-shirt, so Carol will check in her suitcase if she packed it. 
Dialogue: Emily: Hey George, how are you?
George: Hi, I'm fine thank you. I've jut ended my exams 
Emily: That's great. Did you pass them?
George: The first 3 yes but the last one was today and I don't have teh results yet
Emily: That's great!
Emily: I think we should celebrate it
George: It's a great idea but right now I'm going to sleep because I'm exhausted
Emily: I get it
Emily: Are you already home?
George: No I'm going back tomorrow because I want to see my girlfriend 
Emily: I didn't know that you have a girlfirned. Congratulations!
George: Thanks, but she lives about 400km away from my home so we can't see each other that often
Emily: I see, that's for sure hard
George: Not really, I'm taking hear in to the mountians for holidays actually
Emily: That's great, I'm sure you'll gave a great time
George: I'm gonna have next Saturdat free maybe we can go out for a drink?
Emily: I'm supposed to meet Joe then
George: Could we meet in 3? I would love to see you
Emily: I think that won't be a problem
George: So please ask him 
Emily: Okay I'll ask and then tell you when we can meet
Summary: George has just ended his exams. He passed the first 3, but doesn't have the results on the last one yet. George is going home tomorrow, but will see his girlfriend first, who lives far away. Emily is meeting Joe next Saturday. Emily will ask Joe if he wants to meet with George as well. 
Dialogue: Nina: are you at the hotel?
Karina: in the room
Jackie: watching Netflix
Nina: I may join you
Nina: ok
Summary: Nina will come to Karina and Jackie's room.
Dialogue: Andrew: Mom's visiting next Wednesday, wanna hang out?
Mia: Sure! But I've got classes until 8pm so I'll join you after
Andrew: Alright, I'll let you know where we end up
Mia: Sweet, see you!
Summary: Andrew and Mia are meeting with their Mom next Wednesday. Mia has classes until 8pm, so she will join Andrew and Mom later.
Dialogue: Perpetual: Pizza or Burger
Trevor: I'm always team Burger
Perpetual: Ooh really?
Perpetual: Which type?
Trevor: Yeah
Trevor: Beef burger is the best.
Trevor: Why ask btw?
Perpetual: 😂😂 wait for it.
Trevor: 😁 can't wait.
Summary: Trevor prefers beef burgers. Perpetual is planning something but won't share the details.
Dialogue: Matt: What are you doing tonight?
Brian: were watching RuPaul Drag Race
Matt: who's going to be there?
Alex: bunch of people
Jackie: Mark with Armin for sure
Alex: So at least 3 of us and them
Matt: ok, so maybe I'll join you too
Brian: nice!
Summary: Matt, Brian, Alex, Jackie, Mark, Armin, and some other people are watching RuPaul Drag Race tonight.
Dialogue: Vanessa: should we be elegant for today?
Daisy: i heard it's supposed to be casual
Amelia: yeah me too
Daisy: <file_photo>
Daisy: i am going there dressed liked this
Vanessa: ok i'm glad, i will put some jeans on then
Summary: Vanessa, Daisy and Amelia are supposed to wear casual clothes today.
Dialogue: George: I'm going to the sauna
Barbie: I just came back
Tom: Are there many people?
Barbie: I was there alone :-)
Summary: Barbie just came back from the sauna. She was there alone. George is going there now.
Dialogue: Lena: Hi, Mike. How are you?
Mike: I'm fine. And you are?
Lena: Lena. I got your number from Clair.
Mike: Yeah?
Lena: Yeah. Claire says you know a lot about horses.
Mike: If Claire says so. Yeah, I know a little, why.
Lena: There is this Welsh Pony I want to buy for my daughter...
Mike: I suggest you hire a vet, to properly examine the horse.
Lena: Really? Can you text me some contacts?
Mike: Yeah. Will do.
Summary: Lena received Mike's number from Claire. Lena wants to buy her daughter a Welsh Pony. Mike suggests that the horse should be thoroughly examined by a vet first.
Dialogue: Eric: <file_video> Watch it!
Rob: What is it?
Eric: Just watch it! It's great!
Rob: Okay.
Eric: So?
Rob: MACHINE!
Summary: Eric shares a video with Rob. Rob likes it very much.
Dialogue: Lara: Everything okay?
Tom: Yeah, sorry it’s taking so long. The line is terrible
Lara: How much more time?
Tom: Something like 20 minutes
Lara: Okey dokey
Summary: Tom is standing in line. It will take him 20 minutes. 
Dialogue: John: She's fit ain't she?
Paul: Who?
John: What do you mean who? The girl to your right you dumb fuck! LOL
Paul: Oh, you mean her! 
Paul: Yeah she's not too bad.
John: You gonna pick her up or what?
Paul: I might if you stop messaging me. :-D
John: I think you're in with a chance... If you don't want her I'll do her! ;-)
Paul: Ever so romantic!
John: Are you all coy or just stressed?
Paul: Women unnerve me.
John: Yeah I know what you mean mate. I can never work out what they want. Sometimes I think they don't know what they want themselves.
Paul: Are you going to stop messaging me or what? She probably thinks I'm typing with another chick.
John: Make her jealous that usually works a treat.
John: So you going to give her a good porking tonight?
Paul: I heard she takes it up both holes at once.
John: Who did you hear that from?
Paul: Chaz. He had her the other night.
Paul: Not sure if I want his slops.
John: Good point!
Summary: The girl to Paul's right is attractive. Paul might try flirting with her, although he's not sure, as she has already slept with Chaz the other night.
Dialogue: Sara: Do we have something for my uncle Stan?
Tom: Not that I know of
Sara: okay another thing to add to the list
Tom: and did the books arrive?
Sara: yes I picked them up on my way to work
Sara: Which reminds me, they are super heavy
Tom: Pick you up after work?
Sara: That would be great
Tom: no problem
Summary: Sara picked up the book on her way to work. They are heavy, so Tom will pick her up after work.
Dialogue: Scott: <file_photo>
Scott: my cocktail cabinet B-)
Darren: oh man, it looks fucking awesome!
Matt: cool, when are we testing the contents? :D
Scott: even tomorrow 
Darren: can't wait bro :D
Summary: Darren and Matt want to meet tomorrow at Scott's to try out his cocktail cabinet. 
Dialogue: Uladzimir: Are you arriving to Minsk in May?
Josh: yes, that's the plan
Uladzimir: the organisers of the conference will be very happy
Ed: We will be happy to share our discoveries with people there
Will: Could you send us the info about the accommodation etc?
Uladzimir: sure, don't worry, I'll pick you up from the airport and take care of you
Will: thanks! that's very nice
Summary: Josh, Ed and Will are arriving to Minsk in May for a conference. Uladzimir will pick them up from the airport and take care of them.
Dialogue: Emsi: Im watching this new crime series
Emsi:'The Mentalist'
Emsi: I love it! Have you seen it?
Katie: no, Im afraid
Martie: I've heard of it only, but never seen
Emsi: Omg, girls! It's fantastic!
Emsi: and this actor in the leading role is soooooo good lookin!
Katie: ok, now I know why you like it so much 
Katie: ;)
Emsi: :D
Martie: I guess that's Patrick Smith in the leading role, right?
Emsi: I guess thats his name
Martie: oh yeah, Hes quite good looking I guess
Emsi: Very!
Katie: :D
Summary: Emsi's watching "The Mentalist" and likes the actor in the leading role. Katie and Martie haven't watched it. 
Dialogue: Matt: Love you!
David: Oh you big bear! I love you too!
Matt: mmmm.. xoxo
Summary: Matt and David love each other.
Dialogue: Max: Holy cow the bus didn't arrive I'm gonna be late!
Courtney: Honey, why does this always happen to you?
Max: I'm so sorry ☹️ I'll take the cab to get there faster.
Courtney: You still have 15 minutes. Good luck!
Summary: Max's bus hasn't arrived. Max will take the cab to reach his destination in time. Max still has 15 minutes.
Dialogue: James: hiya do you know whats wring with our washing machine?
Sue: how would I know that james???
James: lol.. yes well its stopped and the doors jammed but theres still water in the drum???
Sue: hmmm.. that sounds like the fuse has gone or something.. are your lights working?
James:  lights??? dunno what you mean?
Sue: OMG james, the lights in the flat, you know switches on the wall.. stupid!
James: oh right lol... no
James: no they not
Sue: what about the tv, are the lights on it, any power?
James: no nothing
Sue: ok do yu see the fuse box on the wall by the top of the front door? go to that and there is a big switch that say off and on do you see it?
James: yes
Sue: is it off
James: yes
Sue: switch it on
James:  wow.. that nearly worked, it went on and straight off again
Sue: oh that sounds like a dodgy fuse somewhere.. have any bulbs blown lately?
James: dunno i just go up and saw washing machine was stopped i was gonna hang the clothes out
Sue: ok, i'm gonna call John the electician to come over, are you in for the day or do I have to come over and wait for him?  This is a pain in the ass, i'm busy today
James: no its ok I can be here
Sue:  I'll call him now and get back to you
Sue: right he says he can be there for 12 is that ok?
James: yh thats good thanks Sue xx
Summary: James had problems with washing machine. Sue instructed him to turn on the switch in the fuse box, but it didn't solve the problem so she called the electritian.
Dialogue: Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: Dear Ella and Jamie, we wish you a wonderful Christmas - wherever you are going to celebrate it!
Ella: <file_photo>
Ella: Thank you my dear! From our Havana abode we are wishing you a lovely time with your family at Christmas!
Ella: Have you got some Xmas tree? Here in Cuba nobody celebrates Christmas, it seems. But a holiday flat opposite ours has some sort of Xmas decoration.
Ella: <file_photo>
Tina: <file_photo>
Tina: My little Christmas tree, bought on the side of the road, made by Africans.
Ella: I think I like this tree very much!
Tina: :)) Bill is rather skeptical and says that its only good feature is that it will shed no needles. Will you be celebrating?
Ella: Not really. In fact we never do, apart from a few jokes about a Xmas dinner. In a country like this it is easy to forget it is Christmastide. We really don't care. I would still do something at home but don't bother while travelling. And you?
Tina: My daughter Laura and her hubby are coming down from Jo'burg, so I guess we'll have a grand Christmas meal. Bill loves preparing all these English things and Laura is quite mad about them too. I'll bake a proper south African sugarcane cake.
Ella: Never tried this one!
Tina: It's really a joke, more of a traditional name than anything. And too sweet to be enjoyed. Just a Xmas treat. Did you have traditional dishes in Poland, the ones your mother used to prepare for Christmas?
Ella: Oh yes, plenty! But I liked only few of them. I wish I could taste them again though. :( weep,weep..
Tina: Good old days of childhood... When I think about Howick in the days of my childhood and how it has changed for worse, it makes me cringe. Good that my mother didn't live long enough to experience all this deterioration. No good thoughts for Xmas.
Ella: But good to remember our loved ones!
Tina: Right you are. Then once more: Happy Christmas to you both!
Ella: And a happy Christmas to you, dear Tina and Bill! With kind regards to your family!
Tina: Thank you dear.
Summary: Tina and Ella wish each other a happy Christmas. Ella and Jamie are spending Christmas in their Havana abode and they do not plan to celebrate. Tina bought a Christmas tree. Tina's daughter Laura and her husband are coming from Johannesburg. Tina and Bill will prepare a grand Christmas meal.
Dialogue: Olivia: Girls, I will be back in town for Christmas break. I hope we can organize some meeting, like the good old days :D 
Emily: Hey, am I going skiing with my family from 2nd, but otherwise I am free :)
Sophia: I am free ;)
Amelia: I will be back, but only until 30th. I have to attend a party here :P
Emily: What, HE invited you? ;)
Amelia: Shhh, I won't say more haha
Olivia: So how about 28th or 29th? It's Friday and Saturday, we can meet on the main street for wine and see where it goes from there?
Amelia: 29th works for me :)
Emily: Me too :)
Sophia: I am visiting some family, but should be back before 21 and then join you
Olivia: Great! See you all on 29th <3
Summary: Olivia, Emily, Sophia and Amelia are meeting on 29th of December for a wine on the main street.
Dialogue: Agnes Smith: Good evening, I am writing on behalf of JKO. We would like to invite you to our Natural Products Expo. If you’re a retailer, distributor, supplier, investor, health practitioner, or business that’s related to the natural products industry, the Natural Products Expo is something you won’t want to miss. The event will include an exhibit hall with over 3,000 exhibitors, educational sessions, and speakers. Note that this event isn’t open to the general public.
Agnes Smith: We invite you to sign up here:
Agnes Smith: <file_other>
Jude Wallington: Thank you very much for the invitation. What is the cost of participation in the event?
Agnes Smith: There is no entrance fee. 
Jude Wallington: Thank you very much.
Agnes Smith: You're welcome.
Summary: Agnes Smiths invites Jude Wallington to the Natural Products Expo and asks her to sign up for it. Jude also asks about the price.
Dialogue: Sarah: So I'm the last person on earth who can't drive :')
Kylie: Nooo... There's my little sister... ;)
Sarah: She's 12!
Kylie: Have you ever tried to learn?
Sarah: Once... When I was 16 and it was a disaster...
Summary: Sarah cannot drive.
Dialogue: Bonnie: goddammit I fucking burst into tears after listening to this song <file_other>
Cecily: shit, it's depressing
Anne: I'd call it moving, but it's just my opinion.
Cecily: Bonnie, what's up? You weren't usually the one to cry because of a song.
Bonnie: idk
Anne: is this about Mark?
Bonnie: I guess everything's about Mark lately..
Anne: It's been six months...
Bonnie: I know, I know all that, I know it's stupid. I don't know what's wrong with me but I just can't help it
Bonnie: I've never felt this obsessive need to think about someone all the time. I wish I wouldn't, but what can you really do?
Cecily: Have tried Tinder like I told you?
Bonnie: No, I don't feel like it
Anne: casual dates like this might help take your mind of him
Bonnie: I don't think they would. I'm just really not in the mood lately
Cecily: Yeah, because you're in the mood to sit alone and cry. But you have to fight it
Bonnie: Bleh.. I guess you're right. If you want to come over and look at hunks on the internet, we can.
Cecily: Finally talking some sense!
Anne: Hallelujah! :D 
Summary: Bonnie keeps thinking about Mark even though they broke up six month ago. Cecily told her to try Tinder and Anne thinks casual dates may help Bonnie forget about him, but she's not in the mood for that lately. 
Dialogue: Matilda: Can you recommend me a good doctor?
Martha: GP?
Matilda: GP/gastroenterologist 
Jimmy: I haven't found one yet
Jimmy: But I can ask around
Martha: My GP is ok
Martha: Maybe she could redirect you to specialists
Matilda: Can you give me her details
Matilda: Her name is Dr Keene
Matilda: She works at Woodlands Surgery Clinic
Martha: Ok thanks
Martha: If you hear about a good gastroenterologist please let me know
Jimmy: Ok 
Summary: Matilda needs to go to the doctor, GP or gastroenterologist. Martha recommends her Dr Keene who is a GP at Woodlands Surgery Clinic. 
Dialogue: Blake: Why did you tell Steven all those stupid things?
Alexis: What things?
Blake: That I did not want him. It's just not true and you know it.
Alexis: I remember things differently, sorry.
Blake: You're his mother, I cannot cut you from him, but I really believe you have a terrible influence on him.
Alexis: I would rather say it about you.
Blake: Please, stop. I've taken so much care of him in the last years and I always avoid talking with him about you.
Alexis: Why should you avoid the topic? Is it better to pretend I do not exist?
Blake: Nobody pretends that, but I don't want to drag him into our games. Your games, actually.
Alexis: I don't know why I am still talking to you. You keep insulting and accusing me.
Blake: I'm just trying to stop you from destroying our son's life.
Alexis: I am his mother, I know what's good for him.
Blake: No, you're using him for your stupid games against me.
Alexis: You're really unbelievably self-centred.
Blake: Alexis, it's not possible to talk to you any more. You're either aggressive or defensive. There is no discussion.
Alexis: Try not to attack me first. This is a natural reaction to an attack of every human being, of every living creature actually. 
Blake: I tried to discuss how we are managing our relations with our son. Was it an attack?
Alexis: No, you attacked me saying I told something to Steven that you apparently didn't like. But you will nor censor me. This time is over.
Blake: For God's sake! 
Alexis: I've had enough. I am coming back to my work now. There is more in this world than your huge ego. Bye!
Summary: Blake believes that Alexis is trying to turn their son, Steven, against him and has bad influence on Steven. Alexis believes Blake is self-centered and often attacks her and accuses her of things she didn't do.  
Dialogue: Ovi: Hey I got back from Israel! 
Candice: How was it Ovi? 
Ovi: Great
Ovi: Way warmer haha 
Candice: I bet
Shyann: You had a lot of fun?
Shyann: Saw your snaps
Shyann: They were great
Candice: I agree
Candice: SO jealous 
Candice: That weather xd 
Kayla: WOw So jealous!
Kayla: You coming to school tomorrow?  
Ovi: I am! 
Ovi: I feel like I've missed out on a lot! 
Candice: Nothing special
Kayla: Maybe some parties haha
Ovi: Wow 
Ovi: wild
Kayla: wel'l see ya tomorrow then!
Ovi: Ye see ya! 
Summary: Ovi just returned from Israel and will be coming to school tomorrow. He only missed a few parties. Israel was very warm. Shyann liked his pictures. 
Dialogue: Aron: Is anyone free and near the university? We could go to some coffee
Ivan: I will have a break in 10 minutes, but I planned on eating something
Aron: That is also cool, anyone else?
Karlo: I have a class right after this one...
Luka: And I am home :p
Summary: Karlo and Luka can't have a coffee with Aron. Ivan will have a break in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Julie: we can take you on the way there
Julie: we have a free seat in our car
Lenny: thank you Julie but Luke is already picking me up ;)
Lenny: we will meet at the church
Maya: Julieee can I ride with you please?
Maya: I think i won't be taking my car after all 
Julie: sure but we have only 1 free seat as i mentioned
Maya: it will only be me
Maya: Tom is going there early to help with the flowers and some other stuff
Julie: fine then, we will call before we leave the house
Maya: thank you sweetie! 
Summary: Julie is going to pick up Maya on the way to the church as Lenny is going with Luke.
Dialogue: Clair: Morning! How are the kids? Any better?
Natasha: Morning! No, not really. I think Charlotte caught another cough 😢
Clair: Oh poor baby, hope she feels better asap!
Clair: Did you have a safe trip?
Natasha: Yes thanks. Here safe and sound!
Summary: Charlotte has a cough. Natasha had a safe trip.
Dialogue: Bobby: Girl! How you feeling?
Susie: I feel like death.You?
Bobby: Lol, I'm good. But I didn't drink half the apartment like you did!
Susie: Seriously. I drank so much last night. Why didn't anyone stop me?
Bobby: You were letting loose! You deserved it after the week you've been through.
Susie: I know but like, I can't even open my eyes rn. Literally texting you hurts. 
Bobby: Aw. Go back to sleep then!
Susie: Sleeping hurts too. Did you have a good time last night?
Bobby: For sure. Your friends are always super cool. Thanks for inviting me!
Susie: Of course. I wanted you to meet my work crew.
Bobby: It was really fun! And that place we went too was really cool. What was it called again?
Susie: It's the Abbey. I think it's so fun! 
Bobby: Definitely going back there again. 
Susie: Alright. I got to go back to sleep. My everything hurts!
Bobby: Sweet dreams girlie!
Summary: Susie drank too much last night. She feels like death. They went to the Abbey. Bobby had a great time. He really liked Susie's friends. Susie's going back to sleep.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hi Michael, is everything okay with the system? I can't log in
Michal: there was a problem last night but it should work now
Diego: same thing here, looks like it's the same problem again
Michal: where are you Diego? 
Diego: Barcelona team D
Michal: ok let me check that brb
Olivia: ok
Michal: please try to log in now and let me know please
Diego: it works now! thank you Michal
Olivia: yes it's okay now, thanks
Michal: please let me know if the problem appears again. have a nice day.
Summary: Olivia and Diego can't log into the system. The same problem appeared last night. Michal checks the problem. The problem has been fixed. 
Dialogue: Mandy: hi there
Mandy: are you at home? 
Lucy: still at work 
Lucy: why are you asking? 
Mandy: I wanted to come and give you back your dress 
Lucy: you don't need it any more? 
Mandy: no 
Mandy: the wedding was this weekend
Mandy: it was wonderful 
Mandy: I'm so happy John took me with him ^^
Lucy: are you two OK now? 
Mandy: yes, we had a lot of time to talk at the wedding 
Mandy: he told me that the girl I was him with is his cousin 
Mandy: actually she was there too 
Lucy: I'm so relieved that you are better now 
Lucy: so you're not leaving to London? 
Mandy: no, scholarship is important, but relationships are more important 
Lucy: haha, I understand 
Lucy: wish you luck 
Mandy: thank you so much for support 
Summary: Mandy wants to give back the dress that she borrowed from Lucy. Mandy wore it this weekend during the wedding. Mandy was invited there by her boyfriend John, with whom she had a difficult period recently. Mandy's decided to sacrifice the scholarship offer in London for this relationship.
Dialogue: Tim: I envy my mom's ability to quit eating sweets for longer period.
Tim: She sometimes does that to prove herself she can.
Kimberly: Haha. When you put it that way...
Kimberly: I envy your mom this ability too xD
Tim: I don't know how strong is her will
Tim: But that's one hell of a achievement
Summary: Tim's mother can give up eating sweets for a longer period. Tim and Kimberly envy this ability.
