Dialogue: Tryce: tell you friend  he's very cute!!😊😊
Victor: stop hitting on him haha
Tryce: no i'm not
Victor: Dont think i've not noticed how you looked at him
Tryce: haha, comeon!
Victor: anyway, he'll be around tomorrow, you better come over
Tryce: ok. i will
Victor: lover girl
Tryce: 😒😂
Summary: Tryce finds Victor's friend very attractive. She might see him again tomorrow.
Dialogue: Anne: Well, you certainly managed to upset Renata in that meeting
Sid: No idea why.
Anne: Simply ignored her ideas, treated her like she wasn't there.
Sid: Ideas? What ideas?
Anne: The auction, for example.
Sid: It's all very well talking about having an auction but we haven't got enough artworks for a proper auction, have no idea if we can get enough artists to donate, and what the value of all of this would be.
Anne: I thought it was a good idea.
Sid: And who do we have who would actually do all the work involved? Renata?
Anne: She and other team members.
Sid: To be honest, she will not lift a finger.
Sid: You forgot what happened last year when we were all supposed to come in and clean up the Museum after the repair work?
Anne: True, she didn't turn up
Sid: and didn't even tell us she wouldn't be there.
Anne: Well, she probably will resign from the group now
Sid: Quite frankly, it won't upset me if she does. We need to have people who will do things and not just make work for other people by having "good ideas".
Anne: But the more the merrier, surely? 
Sid: I have no interest in a situation where you and I do all the work and other people simply take the credit. I don't find it motivating.
Sid: I don't care if she is offended and I don't care if she leaves. 
Anne: But at least she is positive about things and not like that Halina. 
Sid: Yes, she is more of a glass half empty than half full person, but she does chip in, if not with time, then with money
Anne: only after making a giant fuss, though. 
Sid: I think it's good that she is there, because without her pessimism we probably would have a lot more "good ideas" from Renata. 
Summary: Sid upset Renata in that meeting. Sid does not care if Renata is offended or if she decides to leave the team. Renata can be unreliable but she has a positive attitude and some good ideas. Halina is more reliable than Renata but has a more negative attitude.
Dialogue: Susan: Can't wait to get home and hug youuu.
George: Me too babe :)
Susan: I'm leaving early today, almost finished with work.
George: I'll be waiting for you
Susan:😚
Summary: Susan is finishing work early today.
Dialogue: Audrey: Matt where are you
Matt: Studying on second floor
Matt: Murray
Audrey: I will be in half an hour
Audrey: On campus
Matt: K 
Matt: I will be here if anything
Audrey: Want something to eat?
Matt: Well
Matt: We can come down to the food court
Audrey: Flaming WOK?
Matt: haha you bet
Audrey: I am so hungry too 
Audrey: We get something to east before
Audrey: studying ok?
Matt: No problem
Matt: I am just procrastinating right now
Audrey: Thats bad
Audrey: You just need food! 
Matt: hahaha
Summary: Audrey will join Matt studying in one of the campus buildings.They will eat at Flaming WOK before studying together.
Dialogue: Bob: Can you send me the instructions on how to send a PDF to a kindle?
Dan: Yeah, sure. What book do you want to copy over?
Bob: Origin by Dan Brown. I got a PDF copy of it, but I hate reading books on the computer.
Dan: Cool. Maybe you can send a copy to me later :)
Bob: Sure, no problem. There's a cool website that has all the latest releases.
Dan: What's the site?
Bob: Allbooks4free.com
Dan: Ok, I'll check it out.
Summary: Bob will get the instructions from Dan on how to send PDF to a kindle. He will read Origin by Dan Brown, which he found at Allbooks4free.com.
Dialogue: Lisa: A very good evening to you, Vicky! CONGRATULATIONS! And my very best wishes!!
Lisa: <file_gif>
Vicky: Hi Lisa! Thank you.
Vicky: How do you know?
Lisa: I had just a short glimpse of you today as you were getting into the car. 
Vicky: Are you back home??!
Lisa: This morning. You were gone before I could have even waved to you.
Vicky: I thought you'd be back in March, like last year.
Lisa: This year earlier since Thomas has to be operated on. Hip replacement. No big deal.
Lisa: And how are you doing? When are we going to welcome a new Sollishod?
Vicky: Fingers crossed.
Vicky: Due on March 28. 
Vicky: It's going to be two girls.
Lisa: I love it! Fantastic!
Lisa: Double congrats!
Vicky: You have to come round for a chat one of these days.
Lisa: With pleasure. Just give me a call.
Vicky: I will.
Summary: Vicky's two girls are due on March 28. Lisa came back earlier this year since Thomas has to be operated on - a hip replacement. Vicky will give Lisa a call to arrange a chat soon.
Dialogue: Chris:: What are your plans now for Halloween?
Amka: Just gonna stay in?
Mick: Yeah
Mick: nothing special <file_gif>
Amka: Fair enough I never used to do anything for Halloween.
Chris: in Poland we actually don't celebrate Halloween and don't do all this dressing up, pumpking curving and so on. 
Chris: on November 1st we just go to the cementary with our families and after that spend time together.
Amka: I like it like this.
Summary: Mick is going to stay in for Halloween. Amka never used to celebrate it either. Chris describes that Polish people visit cemeteries on 1 November. 
Dialogue: Margaret: How is my favourite granddaughter? Does she feel better?
Zachary: Much better. :) Thanks for asking.
Margaret: There's carol singing in the church and dad and I are going. We thought about taking Sophie with us. What do you think about this?
Zachary: Yes, sure, she's gonna be delighted. ;)
Summary: Margaret's granddaughter is feeling better. Margaret is going to church for carol singing. She wants to take Sophie with her. Zachary agrees.
Dialogue: Tom: My mum cooked some soup
Andy: Good?
Leo: I bet it's delicious 
Summary: Tom's mum cooked some soup.
Dialogue: Juanita: I saw you on TV!😍
Trey: (*^0^*)(*^0^*)Hehe...did you?(*^0^*)
Juanita: You looked so cool. I didn't know you sing that well11111 (^<^) (^.^)
Trey: Thanks. 
Trey: I didn't expect you would watch that program.
Juanita: Why didn’t you even let me know?
Juanita: All of our family members watched TV together.😍😍
Juanita: I was so proud of you! (^^ゞ
Summary: Juanita saw Trey singing on a TV show.
Dialogue: Nikki: Hi Jaz, how's it going?
Jaz: Hi Nik, yeah, great, kids have gone to bed and we're just chilling out with a box set binge.
Nikki: Quality time, eh?! What's on?
Jaz: We're getting stuck into Season 3 of the Last Kingdom. Excellent stuff!
Nikki: Oh, right. Don't know that one, what's it about?
Jaz: Its about the Dark Ages when the Danes ie. Vikings, invaded Britain.
Nikki: Sound a bit dry and historical!
Jaz: Not at all! It's really exciting! The main guy in it, Utread, is really fit and it's full of sex and violence!
Nikki: Oh really? Bit bloodthirsty, eh, not sure if it's my kind of thing.
Jaz: That's what I thought too, but it's got other bits with King Alfred and the Saxons and lots of family feuds and things. And, did I mention the hot men in it!
Nikki: I think so!
Jaz: There's a couple of hunky Viking brothers, Sven and Erik, they are quite good looking, they wear lots of eyeliner and have complicated hairstyles. There a bit like an evil version of Jedward!
Nikki: 🤣 Well, now I AM intrigued!
Jaz: Anyway, better get back to it, as hubby has paused the telly. See you in work. In tomorrow?
Nikki: Nah! Got a couple of days off.
Jaz: You jammy cow! Anyway, I'll think of you on the weekend when I'm having a lie-in!
Nikki: See you, Jaz.
Summary: Jaz is watching the Last Kingdom with her husband. Jaz won't see Nikki at work as she's off for a couple of days.
Dialogue: Eli: ready to go?
Spud: yes ma'm! at your service!
Eli: good soldier :) I'll be at your place in 10
Spud: ok, putting shoes on
Summary: Eli will see Spud at his place in 10. 
Dialogue: Jordan: OMG! OMG!
Lee: What happened?
Jordan: Chris invited me to a date!
Michelle: That's gr8! You were waiting for this day for like a year!
Lee: Congrats!
Jordan: Thx! 
Michelle: So where is he taking you?
Jordan: He says it's a surprise...
Lee: Well, this doesn't make things easier.
Jordan: I know.
Michelle: Did he even hint at anything?
Jordan: He only said I should wear something comfortable and no high heels :(
Lee: But high heels are your thing!
Jordan: Ik :(
Michelle: And when's the big day? :)
Jordan: Saturday.
Lee: Maybe it's something outdoors? Like a walk in the wild? ;)
Michelle: Or parachute jumping :P
Summary: Chris invited Jordan to a surprise date on Saturday. Michelle and Lee are excited.
Dialogue: Martha: I feel like drinking banana juice
Sebastian: Are you on your period or what?
Martha: Fuck you! Just buy me a god damn banana juice!
Sebastian: kk
Sebastian: Don't kill me yet
Martha: Shut up and come back without my juice
Summary: Martha wants a banana juice. Sebastian thinks Martha has a period. His remark makes her angrier.
Dialogue: Lynda: Good morning
Mia: Good morning
Lynda: I ordered a mobile phone a week ago and I haven’t received it yet. I would be grateful for any information regarding its shipment.
Mia: I apologize for the inconvenience, but we are still waiting for the confirmation of payment.
Lynda: I believe that there must have been error. Would you be so kind as to check it once again?
Mia: Yes, of course
Summary: Lynda ordered a mobile phone a week ago but hasn't received it yet. Mia explains they are waiting for the confirmation of payment. Lynda wants Mia to check it again.
Dialogue: Simon: Howdy mate! RU done?
Joe: Need half an hour still.
Simon: !? B/C?
Joe: B/C I'm not ready yet FFS!
Simon: Don't get worked up! Just asked.
Joe: I'll text you when done.
Simon: Got it.
Joe: Simon, 10 more mins, ok?
Joe: Simon I'm ready.
Joe: ?? You there? Where RU??
Simon: Hi mate! I'm in Half Moon. Couldn't wait any longer.
Joe: How the fuck am I gonna to get there now?
Simon: A taxi?
Simon: Joking!! 
Joe: You prat! Can never rely on you!
Simon: Look. I've told Masher to pick you up at 7:30. He should be at yours any sec now.
Simon: Joe? Gone yet?
Joe: Nope. Waiting.
Simon: Strange. He should be there by now. Why don't you call him?
Joe: Have already. No answer.
Simon: Holy shit! Here he is. Just ordering a drink at the bar! He must've forgotten.
Simon: Joe I'm so sorry!
Simon: Joe?
Summary: Simon didn't wait for Joe to get ready and went to Half Moon without him. Masher was supposed to pick Joe up at 7:30 and bring him to the pub but he forgot. Joe can never rely on Simon.
Dialogue: Stefano: Are you going through San Marino?
Mike: it was not our plan
Stefano: how come! you have to see it! 
Mia: is it far from Rimini?
Stefano: no, it's very close, like 20 km maybe
Mia: ok, so we will go there
Stefano: you will like the views, and it's such a unique mini-state
Mia: hehe, ok, sounds interesting
Summary: Mike and Mia will visit San Marino.
Dialogue: Sam: :(
Pam: what's up, sweetie?
Sam: we argued again....
Joe: again? :(
Joe: Why?
Sam: my parents, as usual...
Sam: they are pressing us to get married 
Pam: and he doesn't like it, right?
Sam: right....
Joe: but you're adults and your parents cant tell you what you should do
Sam: yeah, but you know them....
Joe: right. But try not to worry and live your life!
Summary: Sam argued with her partner about her parents pressing them for wedding. Joe advices that they should live their lives and not listen what to do. 
Dialogue: Laura: Pete, I need your help.
Pete: what's up?
Laura: My tatoo is really aching :-( I don't think it's normal after two weeks to suffer this much.
Pete: It might be an infection of some sort. Drop by after work?
Laura: That would be perfect. Thanks a lot, Pete.
Pete: No problem, see you soon!
Laura: :-)
Pete: And don't scratch the bloody thing.
Summary: Laura's tattoo hurts. It's 2 weeks old. Pete will visit her after work. 
Dialogue: Matt: have you bought your tickets yet?
Chris: yeah I have
Matt: really? fuck, I haven't even looked yet
Chris: check out this page, they have really good deals and connections 
Chris: <file_other>
Chris: I bought my tickets to Chicago through them last year and it was super cheap
Matt: oh sweet, yeah I think I've heard of that site before but never used it
Chris: yeah, sometimes it can just depend, hard to say when is the best time to buy
Matt: well I know since mine are so last minute they will be more expensive
Chris: not necessarily, sometimes it's the last minute deals that are the best
Matt: alright I'll take a look
Chris: make sure your browser is on private tho
Matt: how come?
Chris: so they can't trace your cookies and history and then hike up the prices on you
Matt: ha, smart. Thanks man. 
Chris: yeah no problem
Summary: Matt needs to buy tickets. Chris thinks Matt should check out the website he used last year. Chris advises Matt to use a browser's private mode when he is looking for good deals.
Dialogue: Teddy: Baby can you get icecream on your way back? i am craving for it like crazy..
George: Sure honey.. which flavor you want.. and is it you or the baby?
Teddy: Off course your son :) kicking me for the ice cream. hmmmm get vanilla
George: Aww sure anything for my baby..
Teddy: which one?
George: haha both.
Summary: George is bringing Teddy ice cream on his way back.
Dialogue: Anne: Red dress urgently needed!
Patricia: Have you tried Zara?
Anne: Sorry, but I’m never buying there anything again.
Gemma: Whoah! What happened?
Anne: Don’t get me wrong. I love their design, but the clothes are really poor quality.
Patricia: Yeah, it happens sometimes, but I think it happens everywhere.
Anne: Well, there’s been a couple of times when I bought something and it shrank, tore or was completely destroyed after the first wash
Gemma: It happened to me as well, but with Bershka and Pull&Bear.
Anne: Same company. I prefer H&M, but there are no red dresses in this collection :(
Patricia: What about that one? <file_other>
Anne: It’s lovely, but I need something longer.
Gemma: Have you tried Zalando?
Anne: Usually it’s my last resort, I don’t get how people can buy anything without trying it on first
Patricia: I get that, I used to think the same, but I found a couple of brands that actually fit me perfectly.
Patricia: Try Dorothy Perkins. The quality is amazing
Anne: Thank you so much!
Gemma: Photo please when you get it!
Summary: Anne needs a red dress urgently. Gemma and Patricia are recommending some shops where she can get one.
Dialogue: Jayson: Hey I am going to Whistler next week
Jayson: Anyone wants to go skiing or 
Jayson: needs a ride? 
Mary: Sure
Mary: Id like to go skiing
Mark: I cant
Mark: Have tones of shit to do 
Mark: I wish I could
Mark: Havent been there a while! 
Jayson: Thats okay
Jayson: You should join us another time
Jayson: Don't get too busy tho 
Mark: I'll try!~ 
Summary: Jayson and Mary are going skiing to Whistler next week.
Dialogue: David: Hi, how are you?
Janette: All good, hbu?
David: Good
David: Just bought plane tickets.
Janette: Already?
Janette: Ok, I'll take a look at the prices now.
David: It's better to buy them sooner than later.
Janette: Give me a sec.
Janette: Are you still there?
David: Yes
Janette: All done. Now I gotta think if I need some extra baggage
David: I know you well enough to know that you do need an extra bag, hun
Janette: Okay, I'll add 20kg bag now.
David: Gotta go, take care and pack wisely.
Janette: Ttyl
Summary: David bought his tickets. Janette buys her tickets, urged by David. She is going to pack her luggage.
Dialogue: Simon: Hi 
Derek: What's up?
Simon: Everytihngs fine. I wondered if you're going to Hannah's party on Friday?
Derek: No, I don't think so
Simon: What? Why?
Derek: Didn't you hear what happend at her last party?
Simon: No, what?
Derek: Oh, I don't want to tell rumors, so better ask Nate about it
Simon: I don't really care.. I wanted to ask you a favor
Derek: What is it?
Simon: You know Yasmine?
Derek: Yes, she's my sisters friend
Simon: Exactly. I really like her, and maybe you could tell her something nice about me?
Derek: No problem! I think she likes you too
Simon: Hopefully, thanks bro 
Summary: Derek is not going to Hannah's party on Friday, but he will tell Yasmine some nice things about Derek anyway.
Dialogue: Ben: Hey Mon do you remember the code?
Monica: u mean the alarm code?
Ben: yep
Monica: hmm i'm not sure
Ben: on Tuesday there will be sb to help you but in Wed you'll be on your own
Monica: hmm
Aaron: yeah I'll be there 
Aaron: i can write it down so you'll have it on Wednesday
Aaron: just in case :D
Monica: great, tx
Ben: ok
Ben: just make sure you don't enter the room without disengaging it ;D
Monica: yeah i'll try to. unlike last time xD
Aaron: XD
Aaron: <file_gif>
Summary: Somebody will come help Ben on Tuesday. Aaron will write down the alarm code for Ben. 
Dialogue: Rob: Hi. Any plans for the New Year’s Eve?
Jenny: Yes, I’m going to see my friends.
Rob: Are you staying in town or travelling?
Jenny: I hate travelling during Christmas. Too much stress
Rob: Why? What do you mean?
Jenny: Oh, you know. Typical stuff. Long lanes at the airport, delays because of the weather, who knows what else.
Rob: Oh, that shouldn’t be that much trouble. The weather’s gonna be fine actually.  
Jenny: I’m going to see my friends. They’re throwing out a kind of a party. 
Rob: Cool, how many people’s gonna be there? 
Jenny: Don’t know exactly, twelveish or so.
Rob: Do I know them?
Jenny: Well, you know Mike and Jessy. 
Rob: OMG, can you ask them if I can join you? I really don’t have any plans.
Jenny: Sure, I’ll call you tomorrow. 
Summary: Jenny is staying in town for the New Year’s Eve as she hates travelling at that time. She's seeing her friends who are throwing out a party for around twelve people out of whom Rob knows Mike and Jessy. He'd like to join as he has no plans, so Jenny will call him tomorrow.
Dialogue: Moshe: What's going on...? You didn't say a word to me, u just left the flat, you don't answer my calls. What happened that u don't want to talk to me at all?!
Haven: :/
Moshe: U should take the key. How can u enter the flat when I'm at school? You hurt me with your behaviour.
Haven: U've been insulting me all day. Calling me stupid. Stupid old child. I hurt u? Lol rubbish
Moshe: I said you were behaving like a child... not that you were a child. I know I shouldn't have said so...I am sorry
Haven: U are lying and apologizing at the same time? Lol
Moshe: No
Haven: Ridiculous
Summary: Moshe and Haven are arguing. Haven left the flat and doesn't answer her phone, because she's angry with Moshe for calling her a child. She has no key to the flat. She refuses to accept Moshe's apology.
Dialogue: Matt: What did you get for Emily?
Jake: ??
Matt: It's Valentine's Day.
Jake: Shit, I forgot :D
Summary: Jake forgot to get a Valentine's Day gift for Emily.
Dialogue: Olga: good evening Danuta, sorry i missed your call. May i come tomorrow?
Danuta: yes of course
Olga: what time would be more convenient for you?
Danuta: around 11am?
Olga: great , see you tomorrow!
Summary: Olga missed Danuta's call. Olga will come to Danuta tomorrow around 11 a.m.
Dialogue: Barba: Have you already been to this boutique on High Street?
Rella: Yeah. So what?
Barba: I think, they've got great stuff in there.
Rella: I don't.
Barba: You don't. Everybody says it's great!
Rella: Not me. Perhaps I am not everybody.
Barba: But you do know, who owns it?
Rella: No. Who?
Barba: It's the daughter of Mr. Smith, the guy who owes most of the High Street.
Rella: No kidding. The little Stella?
Barba: That's her all right.
Rella: Come to think of it, I do need a new blouse.
Barba: And the store is so nearby. I'll pick you up.
Summary: Barba loves the new boutique on High Street and persuades Rella to go there with her as they know the owner.
Dialogue: Sal: It's raining again!
Oliv: nothing 2 do about it
Sal: :(
Summary: It's raining.
Dialogue: Chloe: Hey, you told me about this cream that you find really good
Julie: Ehhm yea, GlamRock
Chloe: Where did you buy it?
Julie: Online, there’s a shop called a GlamShop
Chloe: Cool, thanks
Julie: You said you’re broke now and not going to buy anything
Chloe: I got money earlier than expected ^^
Julie: Oh I get it. So will you give me back the money I borrowed you?
Chloe: Ah ofc, sending it right away
Julie: Thanks, will help me a lot :)
Chloe: Sth wrong? O.o
Julie: Noo haha but me and Jake, we want to get a dog and there’s going to be a lot of costs, vet, vaccination, trying different types of food etc
Chloe: A dog, cool, which breed?
Julie: We just want to take some poor animal from the shelter, so it’s whatever. We want it to be big ;p
Chloe: That’s so sweet of you! Yea you have a big house, you can have a big dog ^^
Julie: Many kids would fit in as well, but my husband’s not interested -_-
Chloe: Seriously O>O
Julie: He keeps saying that we need to wait until we pay more of our debts and that sort og stuff
Chloe: Well, you never complain about money, youhave a big house, looks like you can afford kids!
Julie: I thinks so too, but he doesn’t agree ;/
Chloe: Just stop taking pills, he’ll have no choice ;)
Julie: That would be cruel xD
Summary: Julie recommends the GlamRock cream from the GlamShop. Chloe got the money early so she can pay back Julie. Julie and Jake are getting the dog so they need the money for extra dog-related expenses.
Dialogue: Ashley: I know I'm late!!! please wait for me, I need a ride, I don't want to take the bus.
Hannah: ugh, i'm sorry Ash, but i left 10 minutes ago
Ashley: Why?
Hannah: i told my mom i'd be home by 4
Ashley: That sucks :-/ I guess I'll have to take the bus
Hannah: it's not the end of the world
Ashley: It's not! But it still sucks.
Hannah: lol, that's true
Ashley: Maybe I should get a car
Hannah: you better start saving money to pay for it, my friend
Summary: Ashley is late. Hannah left 10 minutes ago. Ashley will take the bus.
Dialogue: Greg: i heard your brother is in the hospital
Greg: is everything ok?
Kevin: yes, he just got a nasty cold
Kevin: he'll be all right
Greg: I'm glad to hear it's nothing to be worried about
Greg: is there anything i can help you with?
Kevin: we're fine
Kevin: thanks for reaching out
Summary: Kevin's brother is in hospital with a bad cold.
Dialogue: Tom: Have you seen my keys?
Ann: I think you left them on the table in the kitchen
Tom: no, I am sure they were not there
Ann: Have you checked your backpack, pockets
Tom: sure, I have
Ann: oh no, would you loose them?
Tom: i hope not, I'll ask my colleagues 
Ann: ok, let me know
Tom: I will
Summary: Tom can't find his keys.
Dialogue: Connor: sorry i won't be joining you tonight in voodoo ;/
Connor: but if you want you're invited to come over for a beer or something after it's over
Liam: I'm here with my cousin so we're probably gonna get wasted
Liam: But I'll let you know
Connor: haha alright
Connor: anyway
Connor: send me some videos later, cuz i'm really curious about that jam session
Liam: roger that
Connor: thanks!
Summary: Liam will get drunk with his cousin and send Connor some videos of the jam session in voodoo.
Dialogue: Brenda: OMG IT IS SO COLD!!!!
Horace: Yahhhh.....
Brenda: How many months until summer?
Horace: Too many.
Brenda: You are no help!
Horace: Just the truth!
Brenda: I need some tea or something.
Horace: You know where it is...
Brenda: You're all heart.
Horace: Yep. Got my own tasty beverage.
Brenda: Already? It's only 4!
Horace: Who's counting? It's the weekend!
Brenda: No it's not! It's Wednesday!
Horace: Oh, could have sworn it was the weekend.
Brenda: You are really something.
Horace: Yep!
Brenda: Have fun, you lush.
Summary: Brenda is cold. Brenda wants to have tea. Horace thought it was the weekend, but it's Wednesday. Horace is having a drink. 
Dialogue: Matthew: Hey everyone, we need a replacement for Adam's quiz next week. He has an exam and can't make it.
Cara: Which one, Tuesday at 18?
Matthew: Yes, the new place
Cara: I can take it if no one else will be there, but it doesn't really suit me :/
Matthew: Anyone else?
Marcus: I can take it, I have already been there a few months ago
Matthew: Amazing :)
Marcus: Do I use my questions or will a set be uploaded to the sharepoint?
Matthew: I need to check with Adam, give me a minute
Matthew: Ok, I will upload the questions tomorrow. The primary topic will be sports and around 30ish people are expected to come. Abigail will be the organizer, you have met her before?
Marcus: I remember her, she was there last time
Matthew: Great, so in case you have any additional questions just let me know :)
Marcus: No problemo :)
Cara: Good luck :)
Summary: Marcus will replace Adam at quiz which will take place on Tuesday at 18 at the new place. The organizer is Abigail. It is expected that around 30 people will come. Matthew will upload the questions tomorrow. Sports will be the main topic.
Dialogue: Sophie: What are you doing?
Linda: Thinking about doing my nails.
Sophie: Good thing you haven't started.
Linda: Why is that?
Sophie: Well, you wouldn't text back, would you?
Linda: Right. Got to go, though. My nails=)
Summary: Linda is about to do her nails.
Dialogue: Teddy: Are you going to be here on Feb 6?
Ann: possibly
Ann: I haven't bought a ticket yet
Miriam: I'll be "here", you mean Pisa?
Teddy: of course
Sean: yes, I'm in Pisa as well
Teddy: Laura is going to visit
Teddy: I'm renting a car and we're going to Saturnia
Ann: to the hot springs?
Teddy: at least this is the plan
Ann: how nice
Miriam: but what day?
Teddy: we want to avoid crowds
Teddy: so I was thinking about Tuesday
Teddy: what do you think?
Sean: this is a very nice idea
Teddy: you want to join?
Sean: very much, I have to ask my boss first though
Ann: I'll let you know as soon as I've bought the ticket
Miriam: I can't :(
Summary: Laura is going to visit Pisa. Teddy is renting a car and they're going to Saturnia, probably on Tuesday. Sean wants to join but he must ask his boss first. 
Dialogue: Irma: take the garbage when you'll go out
Ross: ok
Irma: :)
Summary: Ross will take out the garbage.
Dialogue: Bruno: hi everyone, I got sick so please decide between you guys who can cover my shift next week
Marnie: I hate messy group texts, I'll create doodle doc for your avaiability
Jose: Marnie's right. Get well then!
Mia: k, get well
Summary: Bruno is sick and won't be at work next week. Marnie, Jose and Mia will decide on who can replace Bruno.
