Dialogue: Felicity: Hi! :)
George: hi
Felicity: Such a question
Steve: ?
Felicity: Do we have sth for Mike??
Clara: Why asking??
Felicity: His bday... tomorrow...?
Clara: Whaaaaaat, tmrw?? Not next week?? 😧
Felicity: Tomorrow, for sure
George: damn, i've also forgotten
Felicity: Sooooo......
Clara: So we're screwed xD
George: what time is it?
Felicity: Starts 6pm
George: well
George: i can buy sth tmrw after work
Felicity: Really? Would be gr8
George: i can finish a bit earlier
George: on Fridays nobody cares
Felicity: :D
Summary: Mike's birthday is tomorrow. Clara thought it was next week. George didn't remember at all. George is going to leave work earlier tomorrow to get the present for Mike.
Dialogue: Meg: Hi, I can't make it today, sorry.
Jeff: It's like the third lesson you cancel just hours in advance.
Meg: Sorry Jeff :(
Summary: Meg can't have a lesson with Jeff today. It's about the third lesson Meg cancels just a few hours in advance.
Dialogue: Sue: I've just got home...
Sue: feel like a wrinkly shirt
Jack: ;)
Jo: Get a nice bath
Jo: and go to bed earlier
Jack: You need to get ready for the event!
Sue: I'll try
Sue: for you
Summary: Sue is exhausted but needs to rest before the event.
Dialogue: Benjamin: What will our book club be called?
Ashley: How about B&A Book Club?
Benjamin: Why not A&B?
Ashley: More intriguing that way ;)
Benjamin: Ok, so it's settled! B&A Book Club is up and running ;)
Ashley: W8! Where will we meet?
Benjamin: Meet? I thought it would be an internet project?
Ashley: What? No, we have to meet up from time to time. That's the whole point!
Benjamin: Suppose ur right. So, where?
Ashley: Maybe first meeting ur place, next mine and then back again?
Benjamin: Sounds fair. How do we get new members? ;)
Ashley: Facebook page?
Benjamin: Cool! I'll get on it right away!
Ashley: What book will go first?
Benjamin: That's a tough question!
Ashley: Ik.
Summary: Benjamin and Ashley's bookclub will be called B&A Bookclub. They have arranged the first meeting at Benjamin's place. They will make a facebook page to get new members.
Dialogue: Barry: hey that page 18 thing is not our fault xD
Charlie: cool xD did you ask her
Barry: yeah she says she'll take care of it 
Charlie: job done
Summary: Barry talked to her about the page 18 thing that is not either Barry's or Charlie's fault. 
Dialogue: Akira: hey, im at the airport now. where are you?
Yasujirō: getting out of my cab in a second. are you at the luggage dropoff
Akira: yeah, theres a bit of a line. ill save a spot for you
Yasujirō: thanks. be right there.
Akira: dont forget to lighten your bags before they weigh them. remember how u overpacked last time?
Yasujirō: I should be fine this time.
Akira: Ok
Summary: Akira is at the airport standing in line at the luggage dropoff. Yasujirō is getting out of his cab and will join Akira shortly. Yasujirō overpacked his luggage last time.
Dialogue: Lucas: yo! 
Evan: hi!
Lucas: what's up?
Evan: just chilling
Evan: had a busy day
Lucas: work?
Evan: I wish
Evan: my car broke down again
Evan: so I had to take care of it
Lucas: you should replace that piece of crap
Evan: I'm planning to
Evan: just need to save some money first
Lucas: stop repairing your old one
Lucas: you'll save a lot that way :P
Evan: maybe
Evan: but I still need to drive to work
Lucas: what about public transport?
Evan: there's like one bus that goes there
Evan: twice per hour
Evan: not really convenient
Lucas: sucks to be you :P
Evan: I know...
Summary: Evan's car has broken down again and he needs to save money for a new one. He cannot use public buses to go to work because of their schedule.
Dialogue: Demi: Wanna go to yoga?
Wren: ooo sounds great
Demi: Sunday at 9?
Wren: ok brunch after?
Demi: ok :) c ya
Wren: c ya
Summary: Demi and Wren will go to yoga on Sunday at 9 and have a brunch afterwards. 
Dialogue: Arthur: Have you not forgotten to take the keys with you?
Toby: Sure, I'll be there in 5 min.
Arthur: Good, I'm waiting outside.
Summary: Toby will bring the keys in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Vivian: I had a lot of fun today!! Thanks again :**
Jordan: my pleasure :) I wish we could stay longer though
Vivian: I knoooow but I have to go to work tomorrow, you know that
Jordan: yeah me too, but maybe we can go out again on friday? :*
Vivian: i would love that!!
Jordan: it's a date then! good night ;*
Summary: Jordan and Vivian had a lot of fun today. They will meet again on Friday.
Dialogue: Mike: Hey, we're organizing an event in your city and I wanted to ask if You are interested in taking part in it.
Mike: The event can be marked as "technological picnic" aimed at families with children who are eager to take part in technological workshops such as programming lessons, basics of robotics etc.
Mike: Event will take place on Saturday from 10 -17 on Theater Square and I wanted to ask you if You are interested in bringing your foodtruck to the event. The event is completely free and so is your participation. We will provide space and electricity. Please let me know untill 5 p.m today.
GastroMachina Foodtruck: Hey, we are interested in your proposal. Please write us an email with all the details and we will reply within few hours. I think we are free this Saturday, but we need to check it with schedule.
Mike: Great! I'm writing an email right now!
GastroMachina Foodtruck: The email adress is written on our website. Let's stay in touch then.
Mike: Thanks. Bye.
Summary: There is going to be a "technological picnic" event aimed at families with children. It will take place in Theatre Square on Saturday from 10am to 5pm. GastroMachina Foodtruck wants to participate in the event. Mike will write them an e-mail.
Dialogue: Kim: hey did you see mikes email?
Kim: why do we have to pay more money???
Lars: <file_gif>
Linda: how much did you pay in septermber?
Kim: cant remember now. around 50-60
Lars: we had 1500 in total end of sept. like... where is it?
Summary: Kim doesn't understand why she, Lars and Linda are supposed to pay Mike more money. Kim has already paid about 50-60 and 1500.
