Dialogue: Julia: Hi babe, how was your evening?
Max: Hello baby, was good fun thanks
Julia: Did you win anything?
Max: No, we got nominated twice but the Dutchies scooped up all the prizes...
Julia: Damn those dutchies! At least May will Brexit them out soon!😉 😂 
Max: I know, they're bloody everywhere! Taking over wherever they go! 😂 
Julia: Terrible! But you had a good night though? Drunk?
Max: Yes was good, 5 course dinner, very posh, with different wine at every course...
Julia: Nice!!
Max: No time to get drunk though, straight back to hotel after dinner... And the boss was watching, so I thought I'd keep it reasonable! 😂 
Julia: fair enough. What time is your flight tomorrow?
Max: 11 I think
Julia: Are you coming home or staying in London?
Max: Argh, I need ot stay in London for a bit baby, sorry, until Saturday...
Julia: Ouch! you'll owe me dinner on Saturday eve...
Max: Definitely, name the place and I'll take you there! 
Julia: I'll have a think. Love you, safe travels x
Max: love you XX
Summary: Max was at a work-related event this evening. They didn't win anything, but they got nominated twice. His flight is tomorrow at 11. He will stay in London until Saturday. On Saturday he is coming home and taking Julia to dinner.
Dialogue: Binni: I missed class today, did you take notes?
Lewis: Again?
Binni: I was sick!
Lewis: Bottle flu!
Binni: No! A cold!
Lewis: Yes, I took notes. I suppose you want them?
Binni: If its not too much trouble?
Lewis: It is but you can have them anyway.
Binni: Thanks! IOU!
Lewis: Yes! You do! More than one!
Binni: What do you mean? I was only out once this semester.
Lewis: Twice! Remember?
Binni: No...
Lewis: Your Grandma?
Binni: Oh, right. Well that's not my fault!
Lewis: Fine. You can have the notes but you have to come get them.
Binni: I will. Be there tonight.
Lewis: I'll leave them with my mom; I have practice.
Summary: Binni was sick, so she missed her class today. Lewis agreed to share his notes with Binni. Binni will get the notes tonight from Lewis's mother.
Dialogue: Jenna: I'm cooking 2nite :)
Eaton: yeah we know
Lilly: so whatever are we going to eat?
Jenna: chicken? indian way?
Lilly: with rice? yummy
Eaton: fine w me as long as you let me add my spices this time
Jenna: if you don't add them to my food i don't care
Lilly: kids, cut it, we'll enjoy it anyway
Summary: Jenna is going to prepare some Indian-style chicken with rice tonight. Eaton will use his own spices.
Dialogue: Vicki: Happy birthday, Patricia! I wish for you to always be happy and have loving people around you :) Hope Archie brings you flowers every day! Always be yourself and never change, sweetheart :* All the best!
Patricia: Thank you so much, Vicki :* Haha, Archie and flowers, bitch please :D
Vicki: Just wanted to be nice to you :D 
Summary: Patricia has her birthday and gets birthdays wishes from Vicki.
Dialogue: Silvia: hi, are we seeing each other tomorrow?
Lawrence: no, on thursday
Silvia: kk
Lawrence: what was my homework once again?
Silvia: gimme a minute
Silvia: just checked
Silvia: i wanted you to summarize the article about high-tech solutions
Lawrence: yeah, how long should it be?
Silvia: i'm pretty sure you wrote it down, find your notes from our last class
Lawrence: got it
Silvia: on thursday we'll focus on innovations and the future of technology
Silvia: it'd be good if you prepared some vocab to this topic
Lawrence: will do, boss
Silvia: good
Silvia: what time do you want to meet?
Lawrence: 4:30?
Silvia: I can come at 5
Lawrence: it's fine
Lawrence: 5 it is
Silvia: see you on thursday
Lawrence: have a nice evening
Silvia: you too
Summary: Lawrence's homework was to summarise the article about high-tech solutions.  He is meeting Silvia on Thursday at 5 pm and will focus on innovations and the future of technology. He should prepare some vocabulary to this topic.
Dialogue: Madison: Hey Will, what are you and Trina doing on Saturday?
William: We wanted to go for a walk and see the illumination
Madison: Oooh, it's this Saturday??
William: Yes, wanna come too?
Madison: I was just about to propose a movie night but we could do both
William: Sounds great, double date?
Madison: Triple date, Josh and Hannah are free too, is that all right?
William: Sure, the more the merrier :)
Madison: What time do you wanna meet?
William: 5? It's dark at 4 already but 5 might be better
Madison: Great I will let everyone know
William: <file_photo>
Madison: woow, is that from last year?
William: Yep. I love the illumination
Summary: William and Madison are planning to meet up for a triple date at 5 on Saturday to watch the illumination.
Dialogue: Sean: Damn
Kate: ?
Sean: I just don't get people sometimes.
Kate: What happened?
Sean: I have this thing with Karen that I told you about and she's still mad. And I tried to talk this out with with her, I told her like all the things you told me to say and still nothing.
Kate: But you guys are talking to each other right? Just in general.
Sean: Yeah, I mean she's not angry. She's just like... kinda quiet and sad and I think she's still holding a grudge or something.
Kate: Ok, so when you say you wanna talk about what happened, what does she say? 
Sean: "There's nothing left to talk about."
Kate: And what do you reply?
Sean: I say that there's still visibly something wrong and I don't like seeing her this way and I want us to talk about our problems. 
Kate: And she says...?
Sean: That it's all ok and I shouldn't worry. And it just seems so passive-aggressive, you know. And believe me I tried that several times and wvery time she just doesn't want to talk about it. 
Kate: Hm.. maybe just give her some time. Maybe rationally she knows everything's ok, but she just can't let go of these emotions. Btw you have said you're sorry, right?
Sean: Man, like a 1000 times. I don't know maybe it'll just pass.
Kate: Hope so. Keep me posted. 
Sean: Sure thing. 
Summary: Sean can't figure out why Karen won't talk to him about their problem.
Dialogue: Alfonso: Hi there
Marga: 👋👋👋
Claire: Hey
Alfonso: Are we meeting tomorrow?
Claire: Yeah, sorry I didn't say anything, I'm drowning in work. But I'm totally up for it
Marga: Same here, sorry Alf 👽
Alfonso: No worries, earthlings. Shall we meet for breakfast first, as we were saying?
Marga: Yeah, totally. There is this bar which serves churros just next to La Latina metro station, we could meet there
Alfonso: Sounds good to me
Marga: <file_other>
Claire: Perfect. I think I've never been
Marga: Well, you haven't missed anything. The bar is as disgusting and dirty as any other bar in Madrid
Claire: Looking forward to the experience. They are one of the things I most miss of Madrid 💔
Alfonso: Well then, we'll have to take you somewhere else then if it happens to be too clean
Marga: I can bring some take-away coffee and Claire can have it in a waste container
Claire: How kind! The other thing I most missed were my beloved friends
Marga: I'm sorry, your friends have melted because of global warming ⛄💦
Claire: RIP
Alfonso: 🔥 
Marga: So what time are we meeting? 😇
Alfonso: 9:00? Or would that be too early? I know it might be difficult to get up so early on a Sunday, but it really makes sense to be there early...
Claire: Yeah, I mean, I know I'll be late and half asleep but let's try
Marga: I agree... it has to be done
Alfonso: Ok then, it's Sunday at 9. I've just checked and the bar is called La Tienda de la Cerveza. Funny name...
Marga: Sounds good
Claire: Sounds like it's going to be dirty enough. See you there
Alfonso: 👋
Marga: Claire, please be there less than an hour late
Claire: 👹
Alfonso: 😂
Summary: Alfonso, Marga and Clair are meeting up for breakfast tomorrow, at 9:00. They are meeting in La Tienda de la Cerveza bar next to La Latina metro station. Marga compares this bar to disgusting and dirty bars in Madrid. Claire is looking forward to see her friends. 
Dialogue: Ignacio: What you doing?
Liv: I'm on the train
Liv: Going to the beach
Ignacio: Oh fuck my life lol
Liv: 😂
Ignacio: Thats where I need to be
Liv: But I may burn my skin today ...
Liv: And I really don't want it
Ignacio: Why do you go at this time
Liv: I don't want to stay home alone
Liv: And I want to get some tan
Ignacio: You could have come here
Ignacio: And prepare lunch with me
Liv: Next time
Liv: 😏😊
Ignacio: Of course that would be nice
Liv: Sure!
Ignacio: But with your skin sun at this time will burn more than tan
Liv: I will be careful
Liv: If I feel it's too much I will just cover the skin
Summary: Liv is traveling by train to suntan on the beach. Ignacio wishes she would come over and make him lunch. He thinks she might get a sunburn because of her fair complexion.
Dialogue: Cailyn: Good morning. How was Ur yesterday weekend? Haha
Alden: Morning. It was boring
Cailyn: Oh why?
Alden: Still is
Cailyn: Why u didn't go out with friends?
Alden: Because I don't have any friends
Cailyn: Ah I meant e.g flatmates
Alden: I'm alone. They moved me out the house I was in before yesterday. And the work mates I usually go out with are away working
Cailyn: Why they moved u out?
Alden: They moved everyone
Cailyn: Ah ok. Anyway I know how annoying it is when u don't have anyone to go out with.. it's like me here in turin
Alden: It's ok I'm used to it
Cailyn: Ok. I wanted to find some fob here in turin. As a teacher of English or any other job with polish or English. But it's not possible here. I noticed that for italian people it's more important when a person who is going to teach is a native speaker of English than has teaching skills
Alden: Oh really. That sucks
Cailyn: I know my English is not like English of any native speaker of English. For me it's stupid. Italian people don't speak English and they look for only native speakers haha I'm a native speaker of polish but I would never be able to teach polish. Yesterday i called one number from the advert. As the first question I was asked if I'm a native speaker of English. When I said no the guy just said "thank you, have a nice day" and he ended the call. He did it when I was trying to tell him what I study etc that I have teaching skills
Alden: Haha that's bad
Cailyn: Yes
Summary: Alden does not have any friends or flatmates to go out with at the weekend. Cailyn understands him because she does not have many friends in Turin. Cailyn has been unable to find a job because he is not a native speaker of English.
Dialogue: Craig: thanks to those FOUR of you who did send essays
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Carrie: well.. I guess you could have expected that….
Craig: …
Mark: i was planning on sending all of them at one go next week
Craig: yeah right. send them then next week.
Carrie: <file_gif>
Craig: <file_gif>
Summary: Mark will send his essays next week.
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Theo: hey dad, my plane is landing at 3 pm. 
Franck: hi, perfect. I will be waiting for you there
Theo: is mom coming too?
Franck: of course! she is excited since this morning.
Theo: 😄 so sweet!
Summary: Theo's plane is landing at 3 pm. Franck and Theo's mum will be waiting for him.
Dialogue: Molly: Any big plans for 2019?
Isaac: hmm, I'm considering going to the conference in San Fransisco in 2019
Isaac: and then maybe flying to Tahiti, I've always dreamt about it and I think it's an opportunity
Jose: wow, that sounds really nice, maybe it's a good idea
Isaac: I think so, it's not even too expensive when one flies from San Francisco
Isaac: maybe anybody would like to join me?
Jose: I'd love to! But it's still very expensive I suppose?
Isaac: about 1000€ for the flights
Molly: really? I thought they are much more expensive
Isaac: no, they are actually not that expensive
Isaac: I mean still a lot, but not undoable
Molly: True, I may consider it
Isaac: Think about it guys and let me know
Jose: I will!
Summary: Isaac wants to go to Tahiti in 2019. Jose and Molly consider going with him.
Dialogue: Stan: Did you bring me my books?
Monica: fuck, i forgot :c sorry!
Stan: I need them on Friday so make sure to bring them tomorrow
Monica: ok
Summary: Monica forgot Stan's books. Stan needs them on Friday. Monica has to bring them tomorrow.
Dialogue: Olivia: Have you seen mom?
Jayden: She has gone to grandma's house
Olivia: What about the dinner now?
Jayden: She cooked it before she left
Olivia: I cant see it anywhere
Jayden: Its in the fridge.
Olivia: Ok ty
Summary: Mum has gone to grandma's house. She cooked dinner before and put it in the fridge.
Dialogue: Brice: Hi! Wanna come over for a drink?
Axel: Hey, sure!
Brice: Guys and I wanna play Dungeons & Dragons, is that okay with you?
Axel: Yeah! I love D&D!
Brice: Cool! Okay, see you. :)
Axel: See ya!
Summary: Axel will come over for a drink to Brice who will play Dungeons & Dragons and Brice loves the game. 
Dialogue: Linden: Hi Litia, this is my new email linden@gmail.be
Litia: thank , new life and new email adress, isn't it!
Linden: you're right 👏
Litia: i'll use it right now to send you pictures of my dog🐶
Summary: Linden has a new e-mail address linden@gmail.be. Litia will use it to send her pictures of her dog.
Dialogue: Vic: What RPGs have u played?
Natty: Not many. I played Mines of Mars.
Vic: Never heard of that one.
Natty: Oh, u basically run around a mine and dig stuff out. Sometimes u have to fight monsters, but that's rare.
Vic: So, something like Prince of Persia?
Natty: Basically.
Summary: Natty used to play a RPG called Mines of Mars. It is similar to Prince of Persia.
Dialogue: Carol: Do you have my book "the secret desire"?
Charles: I do have it
Carol: Have you finished reading it?
Charles: I did, I'll bring it tomorrow with me.
Carol: Perfect
Summary: Charles finished reading "the secret desire" and will give it back to Carol tomorrow.
Dialogue: Vincent: did you know jake a beard?
Amanda: HAHAHAHAHA
Amanda: did he really?
Amanda: he must look UGLY as HELL :D lol
Vincent: i'd knew you react that way
Vincent: but maria said jake looked hot
Amanda: ewww don't say hot and jake 
Vincent: jake hot jake hot jake hot :-P
Amanda: lol stop it hahahha
Vincent: you've never liked him
Vincent: why?
Amanda: he was kind of an a-hole when we met 
Amanda: so now he better not mess with me
Amanda: (ง'̀-'́)ง
Amanda: or he'll get in trouble lol
Summary: Amanda doesn't like Jake and she makes fun of the fact that he has a beard now.
Dialogue: Larry: Hi Jon did you get your papers today
Jon: yes why?
Larry: mine didn't turn up
Jon: no mine were here as normal
Larry: thats odd
Jon: I'm going down the shop later I will get yours for you what do you have?
Larry: the express please
Jon: I will ask why they didn't deliver to you
Larry: thanks mate
Jon: I'm at the shop mate, they said the express hasn't been delivered to them today so I will pick you up the mail
Larry: oh that makes sense then, that will do thanks mate
Summary: Larry's papers didn't turn up, so Jon went to the shop and discovered the express hasn't been delivered yet. 
Dialogue: Paul: Are we going shopping this afternoon?
Ashley: Yes of course, we still haven't bought Christmas gifts!
Paul: Just great, I love buying presents for your family XD
Ashley: Believe me I know how special they are!
Paul: So I'm leaving work about 3.30 p.m. and we meet near the Queens Place Mall?
Ashley: Yeah, I'll be there around 4
Paul: Do we have some ideas about what to buy?
Ashley: Well I do have some ideas, I don't know how about you :)
Paul: Very funny, see you there!
Ashley: See you :*
Summary: Paul and Ashley are going to buy Christmas gifts for Ashley's family. They meet near the Queens Place Mall at around 4.
Dialogue: Talia: I hate going outside.
Olga: Me too..
Talia: Why do you hate to go outside?
Olga: There are just too many jerks.
Talia: We can both agree on that.
Summary: Talia and Olga hate going outside. They disapprove of the men you can meet there.
Dialogue: Lia: <file_other>
Lia: I have no words
Therese: how is it possible?!
Aileen: very strange, I though that abortion has been available since 1 of January
Siobhan: that's the law, but Coombe Hospital claims they are not prepared to provide it yet
Lia: we fought so much for it last year
Lia: we won the referendum
Lia: and now this woman has to go through this kind of nightmare
Aileen: the woman apparently has to go to England to have an abortion
Lia: I don't understand here something
Lia: can't she just go to another hospital?
Siobhan: I also don't get it
Aileen: maybe the foetus is quite big already, I mean old?
Lia: maybe, but it has fatal abnormality as 2 independent doctors confirmed
Aileen: right
Therese: this must be horrible for the woman
Therese: she should get an abortion as soon as possible
Therese: it's good for everybody involved
Lia: I hope she will!
Summary: A pregnant woman whose foetus has fatal abnormality has to go to England to have an abortion. Even if, according to law, abortion has been available since 1 January, Coombe Hospital is not prepared to provide it yet.
Dialogue: Martha: I feel like drinking banana juice
Sebastian: Are you on your period or what?
Martha: Fuck you! Just buy me a god damn banana juice!
Sebastian: kk
Sebastian: Don't kill me yet
Martha: Shut up and come back without my juice
Summary: Martha wants a banana juice. Sebastian thinks Martha has a period. His remark makes her angrier.
Dialogue: Eva: happy birthday honey!! All the best!! :**
Kate: thanks Eve!!! visit us at the office sometime!
Eva: well I live closely but I work far away ;) but if you will plan anything after work then I would be happy to come :)
Kate: the doors are always open for you, no need for special invitation! :)
Eva: let me know!! Especially since I live in the same district right now ;)
Kate: uuu, congratulation! :D welcome to the elite hahahah
Eva: yeah i love it ;) way nicer than my old one
Kate: it seems that it is already 5 of us living here haha
Eva: who else?
Kate: me, you, Jake, Monica, Alice
Summary: It's Kate's birthday. Eva lives close by, but works far away. Kate, Eva, Jake, Monica and Alice all live in the same district.
Dialogue: Leila: Should we buy a new microwave for the kitchen
Lora: we have to sooner or later
Leila: I'm at tesco right now and there is a special offer
Tim: so take it
Jeremy: we will share of course
Leila: I think it's a really good deal
Tim: perfect!
Summary: Tim will buy a new microwave at Tesco.
Dialogue: Ian: God damn! I'm not gonna make it on time!
Phil: What happened?
Ian: Long story. I'll be there in about an hour.
Phil: So, we'll begin the meeting without you?
Ian: Certainly, you do that.
Phil: Should I go into details?
Ian: No, wait for me. Just give them the overall picture.
Phil: No problem. Drive safely!
Summary: Ian will be there in about an hour. Phil will start the meeting but won't go into details until Ian arrives.
Dialogue: Jarod: So we're planning to go to Cabo for Easter? 
Jarod: I am asking because I just got to my office
Jarod: to find the greatest deals for us
Jarod: Theres is four of us from what I see on the mail 
Jayden: Yes 4 of us 
Jarod: When do we want to leave Toronto 
Jarod: Like what days? 
Jayden: 25 March - 5 April 
Jayden: Works?
Eva: Ye im ok with that period of time
Marie: Me too 
Jarod: K I will take into consideration these days
Jarod: Its for one week right? 
Jayden: Yep
Jayden: For one week so 7 days during that time 
Jayden: that I just mentioned
Jarod: K good 
Jarod: We're all staying going on a boat excursion for one day too? 
Eva: Yes
Marie: Yepp
Jayden: How much is the excursion? 
Jarod: 25 Canadian per day
Jayden: good
Jarod: 👏 🤝 👍
Summary: Jarod is organising a trip for 4 to Cabo. 
Dialogue: Lee: Stop making that racket!
Issac: We're just redecorating, sorry.
Lee: It's so loud down here. It's Sat morning. Couldn't you wait till at least after 9?
Issac: Sorry, we have lots of stuff to do today, so we wanted to get an early start.
Lee: Ok
Summary: Issac will not stop making noise because he has a lot of work to do today.
Dialogue: Mark: Do you know what happened today in California?
Barry: I have no idea. Tell me!
Mark: 12 people have been killed in a shooting at Borderline & Grill in Thousand Oaks
Barry: Who is the suspect and what was his motive?
Mark: The suspect has been identified as 28-year-old Ian David Long. He was a US Marine Corps veteran
Mark: There’s no motive known yet…
Barry: Why all these things always happen in the US?
Mark: Because of the law. Everybody can have a gun
Barry: I guess it’s the only country which has problems like that. There’s a shooting just every month!
Mark: The law needs to be changed but it’s not that easy to do it…
Mark: Each president promises to do something about it
Mark: The California’s newly elected governor ordered flags to be flown at half-staff
Barry: Who is the new governor of California?
Mark: Gavin Newsom
Summary: Today in California 12 people have been killed in a shooting. The suspect is a 28-year-old veteran. Mass shootings happen often in the US due to lax gun laws. Lawmakers don't do much to change it. California's governor ordered flags to be flown at half-staff.
Dialogue: Sarah: where r u?? mr richardsons not happy
Bill: what? Jess was supposed to tell him im not coming - i have rugby practise
Sarah: jess isnt here... and mr richarsdons looks like hes gonna blow a fuse
Sarah: <file_gif>
Bill: that girl - grrr -_-
Sarah: he says to come anyway
Bill: Fine. tell him Im on my way
Bill: Ill be there in 20 min
Sarah: okay :)
Bill: wy do i have to come?
Sarah: the choristers needs there solo tenor :P
Bill: so do the rugby team >:(
Sarah: yeah, but we're cooler
Sarah: u close?
Bill: yeah, im just passing the quad - mr harvey wasn't happy, but he understood :)
Sarah: he'll probab give u extra laps
Bill: probably :(
Summary: Bill has to interrupt his rugby training to come to the choir tryout.
Dialogue: Olga: guess what..
Anna: what?
Olga: guess who've written..
Anna: Antonio?
Olga: no.. :(
Anna: aunt Rosie?
Olga: YES! :D
Anna: wow!
Olga: she's coming in a week! <3
Anna: got bored of Austria? :P
Olga: finally!
Anna: she's coming back home?
Olga: and getting married ;)
Summary: Aunt Rosie wrote to Olga. Aunt Rosie is coming back home from Austria and getting married.
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Tina: How beautiful <3 <3 <3 and elegant he is, Congrats again Monica
Monica: thank you! <3 how are you doing?
Tina: trying ti fit in in the jungle, weel see how it goes
Monica: fingers crossed :) i saw pics, looks good though\
Tina: man have to survive somehow :P
Monica: Aaa, so what are u doing on the daily basis?
Tina: mainly managing myself :P
Monica: (Y) and how are you feeling, are you ok?
Tina: I take care of myself
Monica: (Y)
Tina: I hope you do too. Mama is also important :P
Monica: I do I do, despite the fact the life has completely turned upside out
Tina: I can imagine
Monica: We ticked off the pediatrician this week, now the surgeon. it'sbaby acne and runny nose is killing us
Tina: My sister told that she has never got rid of this fear at the back of her head since she had her first kid
Monica: our neghbours fiance is a pediatrician, so we have instant consultations in emergency
Tina: (Y)
Tina: its going to be ok
Monica: charms of motherhood i suppose
Tina: I'm sure everything is going to be perfectly fine. All the best to your baby and hubbie
Monica: Thnks a lot <3
Summary: Monica is busy taking care of her firstborn. 
Dialogue: Martina: Hey! Want to grab a coffee today?
Evie: Sure, I was just thinking the same thing!
Evie: The usual spot? :)
Martina: Of course
Evie: 5?
Martina: Sure, see you there!!!
Summary: Martina and Evie will have a coffee together at 5 at the usual place. 
Dialogue: Lia: where should we eat tonight?
Teddy: same place?
Lia: never. They gave me frozen potatoes yesterday.
Ann: hahaha, yes, they were outrageously disgusting
Kai: but the meat was good, wasn't it?
Teddy: tolerable at best
Lia: so the question is: where tonight?
Teddy: no idea
Lia: trip advisor?
Ann: that will be crowded, we can be sure
Teddy: look at that place:
Teddy: <file_photo>
Ann: looks good! what is it?
Teddy: Columbia Plaza
Teddy: should we try it out?
Lia: let's do it
Kai: fine. 7PM there?
Ann: 7.30 maybe? I'm not hungry yet
Lia: ok!
Summary: Lia, Teddy, Ann and Kai will go for dinner at Columbia Plaza at 7.30 pm today.
Dialogue: Elle: Where are youuuuuuuuuuu <file_gif>
Miles: running sorry!!
Miles: Missed the bus
Elle: hurry up I'm freezing
Miles: just find the nearest coffee place and meet me there in 20
Miles: send your location
Elle: ok!
Elle: <file_other>
Summary: Elle and Miles are about to meet. Miles missed the bus and is running late.
Dialogue: Bradley: It's very safe. Not like they make it look on TV
Julianna: Hehe I told them that also that tv will never show anything nice
Bradley: True...
Julianna: But in general I think Europe is safer because here we have different law. I mean we have too much law
Bradley: Haha
Julianna: E.g here if a teacher even touches a children's arm, he or she can have problems with police and law. Because it might be a sign of pedophilia or children sexual harassment
Bradley: Ok
Julianna: That's sick a bit hehe but on the other hand sometimes it's ok
Bradley: Haha ok how ?
Julianna: Because there are pedophiles in that world
Bradley: They are everywhere
Julianna: And when someone hits a child that person should be punished
Summary: Julianna thinks Europe is safer than here, because there are less laws there. Here teachers may get accused of children sexual harassment for just touching a student, which Julianna thinks might be a bit too strict, but sometimes can be good too, because some people are pedophiles after all.
Dialogue: Amanda: Why don't you ever wear make-up?
Freya: I don't need it
Amanda: You could look prettier
Freya: I don't like the idea of having some foundation entering my pores
Freya: I don't even have make-up products
Amanda: Not even a mascara?
Freya: Nope.
Summary: Freya never wears make-up and she has no make-up products. Amanda is surprised about it.
Dialogue: Mark: <file_photo>
Matther: haha so true
Mark: thought of you immediately when I saw it :P
Summary: Mark sent Matther a photo.
Dialogue: Tom: Just landed :)
Chris: Great!
Chris: On which airport have you just landed? 
Chris: I mean what's the name of it?
Tom: Krakow
Chris: Ok, thanks
Tom: No problem
Tom: I think your teacher is collecting us
Chris: Cool then
Tom: I can be very shy when I first meet people
Tom: so please don't be afraid to make conversation and get me to talk
Tom: I should be fine after a few minutes
Chris: Ye sure no problem
Chris: I will take that
Chris: Are you tired after the flight?
Chris: I mean that I don't know if you want to to sth tonight or prefer just to go straight to bed?
Tom: No, I'm not tired. 
Tom: I think it will be tomorrow when the journey hits me.
Chris: Yee, maybe
Chris: Do you know how far from the hotel are you now?
Tom: Beata said we're just passin "the teletubbies" houses
Tom: if you know where it is
Chris: I don't know what these are XD But we are on the way to the hotel
Tom: See you there!
Summary: Chris is on the way from the Krakow airport to the hotel.
Dialogue: Ella: im out 2nite
Bentley: whats wrong?
Kinsley: i knew
Bentley: what? you were out yesterday?
Ella: yeah. but not that. im feeling sick all morning
Kinsley: ah hope you get better soon. ill come round l8r
Summary: Ella won't be there tonight as she is sick.
Dialogue: Ralph: The lawn needs mowed. You busy today?
Kate: Nope. I can be there in an hour. Okay?
Ralph: Yes!
Summary: The lawn should be mowed. Kate will be there in an hour.
Dialogue: Guillermo: Hey!
Anabella: Hey!!!
Guillermo: I have just finished my presentation. Guess the grade!
Anabella: Just tell me
Guillermo: The teacher gave me the highest possible amount of points and said it was the best presentation so far
Anabella: Hurray, rolling on the floor with my pants on my head
Guillermo: Haha Anabella!
Summary: Guillermo has finished his presentation and the teacher praised him for it. Anabella is very happy to hear it.
Dialogue: Ann: Oh, I love the pictures! Sorry for responding late, but travelling was a busy time! 
Brian: Back home again?
Ann: Yep, We've just arrived.
Brian: Cool. Listen to that: we bought an old camper van last week!
Ann: Really? Wow, that sounds great! Scooby doo style?
Brian: Ahahaha exactly! We are planning to take off south for a couple of months.
Ann: Escaping from winter, huh?
Brian: Word! Well, we may be passing through Poland, but nothing is set yet.
Ann: You can always stay a few days with us and then continue south, you are always welcome!
Brian: Thanks, that'd be cool.
Ann: How is Pieter? Will he work during your journey?
Brian: He's fine, superexcited about the road trip. And yeah, he can work while travelling.
Ann: I wish I could do the trip with you, guys.
Brian: Think about it! We can always squeeze you two in the camper!
Summary: Ann has just come back from her travels. Brian bought a camper van and he's going south for a few months. He can stay with Ann for a few days if he passes through Poland. Ann regrets not being able to join him for the trip.
Dialogue: Kaden: Hi Zoé
Kaden: I have searched our database and the only place that is available is the one we spoke about earlier today
Kaden: When can we meet so that I can show you the place?
Zoé: Hi Ines, how about tomorrow afternoon at 2?
Kaden: I think that's ok, but I will confirm with the owner and let you know
Zoé: Great! Many thanks
Summary: Kaden wants to show Zoé the place at 2 pm tomorrow.
Dialogue: Charles: Yo. 
Simon: Hi there.
Charles: I need your help with moving some furniture downstairs.
Charles: Mary can't help me, because it's too heavy.
Simon: Sure thing.
Simon: If you have everything ready I can drop by for a cup of coffee and help you with it.
Charles: Would be great
Charles: I finally managed to clean it up and I just want to take it from the living room.
Charles: I prepared space for it downstairs
Simon: Do you even rest sometimes?
Charles: No :D
Simon: Thought so.
Simon: I'm gonna take a dump, and will drive to your place :D
Charles: You could've spared me that info
Simon: I couldn't resist.
Charles: See ya
Summary: Simon will come and help Charles with moving some heavy furniture downstairs.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi! We have to cancel Lisa's birthday party, sorry.
Zoe: Oh, ok.
Daniel: Lisa's sick and we don't think she'll get better before Sat.
Zoe: Oh, so sorry! 
Daniel: I'll let you know about next Sat.
Zoe: Take care.
Summary: Lisa's birthday party on Saturday is cancelled because she is sick. Daniel will get back to Zoe regarding next Saturday.
Dialogue: Florence: I've just landed :)
Jack: great, we're planning to have dinner together
Ottilie: Do you have any preferences, Florence?
Florence: not really, I don't know the city
Eleanor: we should go to the riverfront 
Eleanor: it's a nice place
Ottilie: Maybe Mami Wata?
Jack: what is it?
Ottilie: the one with mermaids and a terrace just by the river
Jack: oh, this is not a bad idea
Eleanor: Another option is la terminalia
Ottilie: I really don't like it
Eleanor: why? they have good food
Ottilie: but you've the street just in front of your table
Ottilie: and Mami Wata is calmer 
Eleanor: ok, as you prefer
Jack: so let's go to Mami Wata
Ottilie: I'll make a reservation for 4
Florence: John will join us, so 5 
Ottilie: ok!
Summary: Florence has just landed. Florence, Ottilie, Eleanor, Jack and John will have a dinner at Mami Wata tonight. Ottilie will make a reservation.
Dialogue: Kate: We're at the cafe downstairs
Kate: join us everybody
Tom: there is a cafe in the building?
Yigal: lol, Tom, you'll never stop surprising me
Tom: The college will never stop surprising me
Margot: are you working there or chatting?
Kate: a bit of both i'd say
Summary: Kate is chatting and working in a college cafe downstairs.
Dialogue: Samantha: Who's going to Fiasco tonight?
Amy: Me!
Nicolas: Me too!
Samantha: Great! I'm going too.
Summary: Samantha, Amy and Nicolas are going to Fiasco tonight.
Dialogue: Konrad: Hi Tom
Tom: Hi, how are you?
Konrad: Good thanks and you?
Tom: Very tired I haven’t  packed my suitcase yet
Konrad: Unlucky :// But u have still a little bit of time before departuring to Poland 😊
Konrad: So I will tell you something about me and my brother Wojtek.
Tom: Yeah, sure 😊
Konrad: Actually I’m a triplet so I have 2 brothers – Wojtek and Piotrek. 
Konrad: I guess that we will try to make these names easier to pronounce:D
Tom: would be great :P
Konrad: We are 16 years old and we all are interested in volleyball and computer games. Despite all this things I also like learning other languages (especially english and spanish)
Konrad: I also like dancing. 
Konrad: Now it’s your turn 😊
Tom: I’m Tom, as I’m sure you can already tell, I’m 17. I enjoy listening to music, talking to friends on Snapchat and computer games also.
Konrad: Cool! What kind of music are you listening to?
Tom: Irish country music or pop music.
Konrad: I don’t know Irish music well but I also listen to pop music.
Tom: That's great! 
Konrad: And which game do you enjoy to play in?
Tom: Grand theft auto and farming simulator, sometimes fortnite but I’m not goog at fortnite
Konrad: My brother has played fortnite for sometime too but now we are kinda League of Legends.
Tom: I’ve never heard of that.
Summary: Konrad reveals to Tom that he and his 2 brothers are 16, they all like volleyball and computer games. Konrad also likes learning foreign languages and dancing. Tom is 17, likes listening to music, chatting on Snapchat and playing computer games.
Dialogue: Rob: Shit! I forgot Bella’ birthday!
Richie: You in big trubble!
Rob: I’m so dead!
Richie: LOL!
Rob: Not funny!
Richie: This is going to be expensive brah!
Summary: Rob forgot about Bella's birthday. Richie says Rob's in trouble.
Dialogue: Mark: Please Alice, forgive me.
Alice: I told you to stop messaging me.
Alice: And stop calling me.
Mark: But please, we need to talk.
Mark: I want to explain everything...
Alice: You should have thought about that earlier...
Summary: Alice doesn't want to talk to Mark anymore.
Dialogue: Tabitha: good god I woke up at 10 today and I'm feeling like shit
Flores: are you ill?
Flores: have you been drinking?
Tabitha: I went to bed at 1 a.m. and my body is acting crazy
Flores: we're old, we need good sleep schedule
Tabitha: so it's normal?
Flores: it is, I guess
Tabitha: I was worried I might have anemia or sth
Flores: don't you have very low blood pressure?
Tabitha: yes I do
Flores: have you drink your morning tea or coffee?
Tabitha: nope
Flores: :D
Flores: mystery solved
Tabitha: but I rarely start my day with them
Flores: but you are rarely energetic
Flores: you're sleepy because you have fucked up sleep schedule and you don't do anything about your low blood pressure
Tabitha: why didn't I figure it out myself
Tabitha: I'm an idiot
Flores: you're not stupid, it's easier to connect the dots of someone else's problems
Tabitha: thanks
Summary: Flores pointed out that Tabitha may feel sleepy, because she has distrubed sleep schedule and low blood pressure.
Dialogue: Uriel: Its close to a lot of cool places to visit
Serena: :) I'm sure I will come to Maputo then.  But I don't know when
Uriel: And the city itself is interesting. Sounds brilliant to me.
Serena: I will have to check if I need any visa to go there
Uriel: You will need a Visa for sure.
Serena: But I'm sure if I come, I would like to see as much as possible :)
Uriel: There is much to see - really, a lot
Serena: And maybe not only Mozambique
Uriel: South Africa is our neighbour
Serena: However, before going there I will have to learn a lot about places I want to visit. Cultural differences might be sometimes dangerous
Uriel: Going there is a great option too. It's a quick ride
Serena: Would you go with me?
Uriel: Of course! 
Serena: Honestly I'm a big afraid of travelling alone in Africa lol
Uriel: You need to be a little cautious but there is no need to be scared
Serena: :)
Serena: I will prefer to me very cautious lol
Uriel: Makes sense. Ive lived most of my life in Africa. Worry not :)
Serena: 😄
Summary: Uriel recommends visiting Maputo. Serena needs a visa to go there. Serena wants Uriel to join her because she is afraid of travelling alone in Africa.
Dialogue: Kevin: How is journey going?
Brian: not bad, we've just landed in Bangkok
Melissa: What time is it there?
Kevin: 7am
Melissa: 7pm here
Kevin: wow, 12h of difference
Melissa: haha, funny, right?
Kevin: are you going to stay in Bangkok?
Brian: for a few days then we will head to the countryside
Kevin: Send some pics
Melissa: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Kevin: how nice! summer! I envy you so much
Melissa: I could have come with us
Kevin: you know I couldn't take such a long leave
Summary: Brian landed in Bangkok. It's 7 am there. At Melissa's it's 12 pm. Brian will stay few days in Bangkok and then go to the countryside. 
Dialogue: David: Hi 
Alysa: hi whos this?
David: this is David? met at club last night?
Alysa: hey David that was quick ?
David: yes.. you are so beautiful i couldnt resist messaging you
Alysa: ahan! so i am beautiful thats why you messaged me?
David: yes and also you are an amazing person so i wanted some of your amazing time
Alysa: you are seriously very quick 
David: that means yes?
Alysa: when did i say that?
David: but you didnt say no? 
Alysa: hmm.. i will think about it
David: ok tomorrow at the club 6pm then to a dinner at restaurant
Alysa: ?
David: yes i will be waiting see you than..
Alysa: lol i havnt seen anyone like you
David: i know i am unique :angel:
Alysa: yeah right!!!
David: Done?
Alysa: ok :)
Summary: David met Alysa at the club last night and wants to see her again. Alysa will see him tomorrow at the club 6 pm.
Dialogue: Josh: i tried some music making last time
Jerry: yeah you told me
Josh: and guess what
Jerry: i broadcasted it on youtube
Jerry: and i have 7000 views
Josh: wow congrats
Jerry: thanks
Jerry: but its not the end
Josh: ???
Jerry: there was a recording company that had heard it
Josh: and they contacted you?
Jerry: yes!
Jerry: i will release an album :)
Summary: Josh broadcast his music on youtube and got 7000 views. He was then contacted by a record company and will release an album.
Dialogue: Amber: i really fucking hate miss smith
Amber: :| :| :|
Ivy: yeah she's a real bitch
Ivy: fuck her
Gracie: what are you talking about? i think she's quite nice. demanding, sure, but nice
Amber: i hope she dies in a fire lalala
Ivy: what the fuck is wrong with you gracie? miss smith is nice?
Amber: and then goes to hell and burns there still for eternity
Gracie: well, if you studied a bit more maybe you'd also like her
Gracie: it's not exactly her fault you're getting Fs
Ivy: it is precisely her fault
Amber: sure it is
Ivy: gracie, go wash your teeth after you're done licking her ass
Gracie: oh come on...
Amber: hahahah
Amber: yeah please do hahaha
Gracie: grow up.
Ivy: lmao
Summary: They dislike Miss Smith because she is a demanding teacher. Gracie likes her.
Dialogue: Samantha: Hi! I know you went last year to Austria sking.
Samantha: I'd like to go this year and need some advice.
Sam: You've come to the right person!
Sam: What are you looking for?
Samantha: I'd like a place with quite a lot of ski pistes. 
Sam: Okey, that's not difficult to find in Austria ;)
Sam: Anything else?
Samantha: I don;t think so. I've never been to Austria, so just want to check it out.
Sam: Okey, I'll send you some links to ski resorts later. 
Samantha: Thx a lot!
Summary: Samantha wants to go skiing in Austria. She's looking for a place with a lot of ski pistes. Sam will send her links to ski resorts. 
Dialogue: Lisa: I still haven't submitted the report.
Arlene: Me neither. 
Francis: The deadline is tomorrow. 
Summary: Lisa and Arlene haven't submitted the report yet.
Dialogue: Joe: Hi Kelly, long time, no see, where've you been hiding yourself!
Kelly: Hi Joe, nowhere really. Still at the bank, centre of the universe!
Joe: popped in last week, didn't see you, though. 
Kelly: Maybe it was lunchtime or my break.  You keeping tabs on me, Joe!
Joe: of course not, I just needed to deposit a cheque. Is that allowed? I just wanted to chat to you again.
Kelly: yeah, well, Joe, I'm with Adam now. He's got his own company you know!
Joe: yes, I heard about that, kebab van, isn't it? Saw him outside the pub one night. Nice bloke, Kel.
Kelly: Well, yes, that's just the beginning. He's got big ambitions, wants to be the next Jamie Oliver lol !
Joe: pleased for you, Kelly. See you around.
Kelly: yeah, prob bump into you in town when we're both legless! See you, Joe!
Summary: Kelly still works in the bank. Joe was there last week to deposit a cheque, but didn't see her. Kelly is with Adam now. Adam has his own company, a kebab van, and has ambitions to develop his business. Joe saw Adam outside the pub one night.
Dialogue: Brenda: OMG IT IS SO COLD!!!!
Horace: Yahhhh.....
Brenda: How many months until summer?
Horace: Too many.
Brenda: You are no help!
Horace: Just the truth!
Brenda: I need some tea or something.
Horace: You know where it is...
Brenda: You're all heart.
Horace: Yep. Got my own tasty beverage.
Brenda: Already? It's only 4!
Horace: Who's counting? It's the weekend!
Brenda: No it's not! It's Wednesday!
Horace: Oh, could have sworn it was the weekend.
Brenda: You are really something.
Horace: Yep!
Brenda: Have fun, you lush.
Summary: Brenda is cold. Brenda wants to have tea. Horace thought it was the weekend, but it's Wednesday. Horace is having a drink. 
Dialogue: Evelyn: Pete I'll be late, pls tell that Mr. Dickinson
Peter: but the meeting is in 15 minutes!
Peter: He's gonna kill you
Evelyn: I know, but I needed to get Mary to school and now I'm stuck in traffic :(
Peter: <file_gif>
Peter: perhaps Mr. Dickinson will also be late…
Evelyn: I wish, but he never is…
Evelyn: I hope this meeting won't be disaster
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Evelyn wants Pete to inform Mr. Dickinson she will be late to their meeting because she is in traffic after she dropped off Mary at school.
Dialogue: Jody: Hey! You took my jacket?＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)
Danica: What jacket?(l'o'l)(l'o'l)
Jody: The one with flower pattern on it. ＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)
Danica: No, I didn't. Why are you asking me about your jacket?
Jody: Cause you always take my stuff without asking me. ┌(；`～,)┐┌(；`～,)┐
Danica: Check your close again or somewhere else before you get your doubt on me.😩😩😩😩
Jody: If you took it and now you are saying no you didn't and I found it later, you are gonna be in trouble. HUGE one.
Summary: Jody looks for her jacket with flower pattern on it. She assumes that Danica took the jacket, as she always take Jody's stuff without asking her.
Dialogue: Vivian: hello guys
Vivian: it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you that Christmas is coming
Vivian: as we all know, it's the time when people are generally more kind and generous to one another
Vivian: I thought that we could try to do something good for some homeless people
George: Are you thinking about fund-raising?
Vivian: not exactly. I was thinking more like collecting items like blankets, warm clothes, toiletries and other basic necessities
George: That's better, people would rather give some things away than donating money
Ruth: That's true, people tend to be prejudiced against fund-raising, and so am I
Ruth: But I've got many redundant things in the attic, mostly clothes
Vivian: that's exactly the point, Ruth. and your example perfectly reflects my intentions
George: Actually, I can check in my attic too. I guess my mum's put something in there
Jack: My attic is a real 'blanket paradise'
Jack: I've always wondered why my parents put all those blankets there, some were even hardly used...
Vivian: you see? each of us is able to help.
Vivian: there're so many things that we consider useless but which may actually improve some people's lives
George: All right! Let's help the homeless then :)
Ruth: I'll try to convince some more people
Vivian: Terrific :)
Summary: Vivian wants to collect various items for homeless people before Christmas. Ruth, George and Jack will contribute with whatever they find relevant. Ruth will convince some more people. 
Dialogue: Wagner: Have a good lunch!
Wagner: 🤗
Madeline: You too! 🐼
Madeline: Enjoy!
Wagner: 😎
Summary: Wagner and Madeline will have lunch.
Dialogue: Dick: Penny for your thoughts.
Jane: Have none.
Dick: You bloody intellectual! You always think deep thoughts.
Jane: Gosh, Dick. I'm working now!
Dick: You mean you are at work.
Jane: I'm sitting at the desk and writing an article about glyphosate.
Dick: So take a break and have a chat with me.
Jane: What about?
Dick: The sense of life.
Jane: You're getting on my nerves now. Can we chat later?
Dick: Lunch break?
Jane: OK
Dick: See you then in the smoking room?
Jane: CU scrounger!
Summary: Dick is disturbing Jane because he wants to talk to her but she is working now. Dick is getting on Jane's nerves but she agrees to have lunch with him. They will see each other in the smoking room. 
Dialogue: Tim: just walked by your house
Tim: is that a bus in there?
Dave: yup it is
Tim: What the hell??? How comes? 
Dave: 😂 😂  cool innit? Sean's 5th this weekend and we made him a bus
Dave: all cardboard around the dining table 👍 
Tim: that is seriously awesome 
Tim: gutted we couldn't make it. Bella is gonna be wrecked is she knew there was a bus!
Tim: 😭 
Tim: did Sean like it?
Dave: he loved it! has been in it ever since. nearly slept in it yesterday 😂 
Tim: That's great
Dave: we missed Bella at the party though!
Tim: I know, we went up north though for my dads 60th...
Tim: did a fake Christmas as well with friends over the weekend up there
Tim: catch up soon
Dave: Cheers Tim
Summary: Tim walked by Dave's house. Dave made Sean a cardboard bus. Bella didn't attend the party. Tim and Dave will catch up soon.
Dialogue: Catherine: I thought about what you said before and I think you're right 
Rebecca: why such a change of mind?
Catherine: I run into an old friend of mine
Catherine: and seeing how he changed made me realized that I'm doing nothing with my life
Rebecca: you shouldn't worry that much about it
Rebecca: as long as you're aware of it
Catherine: yeah but we were growing up together, same school, same friends
Catherine: he's already married, two children
Catherine: and look at me
Catherine: still single, still partying
Rebecca: don't go from one extreme to another :)
Rebecca: nobody is forcing you to get married or have children
Rebecca: find the right balance :)
Catherine: easy for you to say
Catherine: Paul is keeping you in check :P
Rebecca: that's because I let him do it
Rebecca: otherwise I'll be going out with you all the time :P
Catherine: you never complained in the pass
Rebecca: because it was fun!
Rebecca: still is, just maybe not every other night :P
Catherine: very funny :P
Catherine: maybe I need a new hobby to get me occupied
Catherine: sometimes I feel that I'm going out just to kill boredom
Rebecca: we'll work something out :)
Catherine: I hope so :)
Summary: Catherine wants to change her lifestyle.
Dialogue: Brad: How's life, bro!?
Desi: Can't complain, man. Got another kid, ain't I!
Brad: Yeah, my missus told me. Congrats, mate!
Desi: Thanks buddy. That's 3 now! When you starting?
Brad: Trying mate! You down the club Sat? Missing you down there!
Desi: Been a bit busy, but I'll try to make it for an hour. Annie won't like it, but I'll talk her round, silver tongued bastard, me!
Summary: Desi got a third kid. Desi will join Desi at the club on Saturday.
Dialogue: Joan: Hello dear, didn't see you in church today!
Jean: Oh, well, my back is playing me up, I think it's sciatica again!
Joan: Oh no! Not again! Tom had that, he was in pain for weeks.
Jean: Well, it's not too bad at the moment, I've got some of Donald's painkillers just in case.
Joan: Now you be careful, check they haven't expired.
Jean: No, they're fine, he has loads!
Joan: Don't become an opiate addict will you, darling?
Jean: I'm not that stupid! I am very careful with medicines, you do remember that we were both nurses for 40 bloody years, don't you!
Joan: Yes, of course, but I know that when you're in pain it's easy to self-medicate and overdo it. Perhaps you should go to the Dr.
Jean: Maybe, if it gets worse, they're busy enough with real problems.
Joan: Well, just take care, that's all. How are Maisy, Harry and the kids?
Jean: Well, the two oldest have just started secondary and Idris hates it! The little ones are still in primary, getting on well, it seems. Harry may have to move to Scotland, though.
Joan: Oh, that's so far away, let's hope not!
Jean: Yes, but it's lots more money, so he is considering it seriously.
Joan: Well, I'm sure it'll work out for the best. Did Stella call in? 
Jean: Yes, after church, she came in snooping to see why I didn't turn up, nosy bitch!
Joan: Well, since Ken died she's lonely and wants to chat even more, she doesn't come up for air!
Jean: You're telling me! She stayed for almost 3 hours, I had to tell her I had to go to bed to rest my back, couldn't get rid of her otherwise!
Joan: I'm the same, I do try and dodge her at church if possible, but she often seeks me out and I'm stuck for the whole morning, she insists on going to the Church Hall for coffees.
Jean: Perhaps we should try to find her a new husband! Your brother's a widower, isn't he? 
Joan: Bloody Nora! Can you imagine having Stella as your sister in law! No, I don't think Bill will be up for that!
Jean: Anyway, must go start dinner, see you next Weds, hopefully, back permitting.
Joan: Rest yourself now, lovely. See you soon!
Summary: Jean didn't come to church today due to her back pain. Jean takes painkillers for it. Jean and Joan were nurses for 40 years. Harry is considering moving to Scotland for work. Stella visited Jean after church and overstayed her welcome as she tends to do. Joan's brother is a widower.
Dialogue: Paul: Sorry, I'm late sending this, but I'll have a copy tomorrow in any case
Paul: <file>
Jake: Fine, thanx
Paul: There's going to be a short presentation tomorrow
Paul: Let's hope they'll like it
Jake: They will. I'm sure about it
Paul: :)
Summary: Paul sent some files to Jake and there is going to be a short presentation tomorrow.
Dialogue: Nicole: Hey John
John: Hey Nicole
Nicole: What are you doing?
John: Surfing the internet. I’m looking for a new car, don’t know actually which one to choose. There are a lot of options and I haven’t decided yet.
Nicole: Right
John: Something on you mind, Nicole?
Nicole: No, no
John: Well then did you message me for any particular reason?
Nicole: Just seeing how you are
Nicole: Wanted to catch up with my big brother
John: Yeah, how’s work?
Nicole: Pretty good, new challenges and new opportunities
John: Good 😊
Summary: John is looking for a new car online.
Dialogue: Alice: How is Christmas going?
Coleman: I can barely move, I've eaten too much I believe
Eli: hahah, I had a proper Italian Christmas with my family
Alice: which is?
Eli: Like eating till you die
Alice: hahaha, I think this is an international procedure
Eli: and 7000 family members
Alice: hahaha, I'm luckily in a much smaller company
Alice: but it's already quite tiring
Alice: some family disputes
Coleman: I love it here, I am doing nothing, eating more than I should, enjoying family members I haven't seen for a long time
Coleman: I don't even want to think about all the chores awaiting me after Christmas
Eli: I quite like it too :)
Eli: this cute warm Christmas atmosphere 
Alice: I don't really get it, but whatever hahahah
Summary: Coleman and Eli are enjoying their Christmas, Alice is not sure. 
Dialogue: Ken: <file_photo>
Ken: Only you can see this
Chiara: Where did you buy it?
Ken: I got it from my friends for my birthday hahaha 
Ken: But I guess they bought it on Aliexpress
Chiara: I’ve always dreamst of sth like that :/
Ken: I’ve been dreaming of it for the lest 2 years
Ken: And finally got it xD
Chiara: Lucky you 😊
Summary: Friends have given Ken a present he had craved for 2 years.
Dialogue: Rachel: HAPPY NEW YEAAAAAAR!! ヽ(^o^)丿
Rachel: from me & Tom :)
Jack: Thanks!!
Miranda: same to you
Miranda: :)
Rachel: May you get exactly what you are expecting in the coming year!!!
Miranda: :*
Jack: How's your party?
Rachel: %) %) %) 
Jack: Hahahah
Jack: I see
Rachel: the best party eveeeeeeeer
Rachel: wish you were here!!!
Summary: Rachel wishes a happy new year from her and Tom to Miranda and Jack. Rachel is having the best time but misses Miranda and Jack.
Dialogue: Eve: Hey, I won't be able to come :(
Eve: Have to go to work tomorrow morning
Eve: Friend is sick and I have to replace her
Irene: :( 
Irene: Pity. But I understand. We'll meet next time.
Eve: I hope it's soon. :(
Summary: Eve is replacing a friend at work tomorrow morning and she cannot meet Irene. Irene shows understanding.
Dialogue: Fiona: I need to paint my room
Larry: why?
Fiona: it's ugly!
Fiona: time to change sth :)
Larry: got it
Fiona: so... will u help?
Larry: how?
Fiona: can u go with me to buy some pain?
Larry: do u know the colour already?
Fiona: no
Larry: pick the coloyr first
Fiona: why?
Larry: I don't wanna to spend ages in the shop
Larry: <lol>
Fiona: uh, u!
Larry: that's the true :D
Larry: let me know when u pick sth
Fiona: ok, some advice?
Larry: just not the pink
Fiona: :D
Summary: Fiona wants to paint her room and asks Larry for help. He'll help her buy paint when she decides on the colour.
Dialogue: Diana: Hi, you ok?
Lara: Hi mum, yes, just got home from work. How's Dad?
Diana: He's very stressed  from work, end of term exam stuff.
Lara: Same here! See you Sunday for lunch?
Diana: Of course, my love, see you then.
Summary: Lara and Dad are stressed from work. Lara will see Diana for lunch on Sunday.
Dialogue: Louise: you know, a friend of mine, Ann (that makeup artist) is pregnant!
Louise: I had no idea about it, I thought she never wanted to have children, and suddenly she sends me an invite to her baby shower!
Emma: Wow, thats surprising! Is she going to get married?
Louise: Well, I dont think so. I dont even know who her boyfriend is at the moment. 
Louise: It's strange, she's heavily pregnant and her bf posts pictures from a holiday in Thailand... alone...
Emma: Maybe they aren't together anymore and she has a new bf?
Louise: maybe, I dont really know.
Emma: you'll find everything out at the party.
Louise: I dont fancy going to be honest... She has invited a lot of her girl friends, they have already set up a group on Messenger and I guess there will be many people I dont know...
Louise: I'd rather meet just her, for a coffee or something. Or visit her and the baby after giving birth.
Emma: The party may be nice.
Louise: It may be, but Im not really sure. From that group conversation on msg I can see the girls are getting crazy about the presents, food, decorations...
Louise: to be honest, I dont feel like spending PLN 200 on a party for someone who's nice, but I havent seen for ages and now suddenly she invites me to come. Just for the presents, I think.
Emma: Yeah, maybe you're right
Summary: Louise's friend Ann is pregnant and invited her to a baby shower. Louise doesn't want to go because she hasn't seen Ann for ages. Ann doesn't seem to be getting married.
Dialogue: Jazlyn: OMG I am so freaking sorry ive been studying for my final all weekend/this week ;__;
Luciano: It’s fine, how are you??
Jazlyn: Im fine ;__; tomorrows the final and i'll finally be done for now 
Jazlyn: untill february Lol
Jazlyn: but how are you feeling?
Jazlyn: are you feeling any better <3
Luciano: It’s a bit complicated, I’ll tell you after work
Jazlyn: Okay ;__; <3 <3
Luciano: OK so basically sometimes I just feel super tired and hopeless, disappointed with myself because I can’t change my life all at once
Luciano: Some things are getting easier, so I think I’m managing to build better habits, gradually
Luciano: But of course it’s slower than I’d like to and I still mess up in a lot of ways
Summary: Jazlyn has been busy this week studying for her final examination tomorrow. Luciano still feels unstable in his self-assessment but has started to develop better habits.
Dialogue: Lee: So, not a fan of democracy, then? Well, I've heard Russia is great time this of year!
Jo: It is actually! :) Lee, democracy is not perfect system! Take Brazil as an example! Chaos!!!\
Lee: Would you like to propose a better system then? 
Jo: Yes - a republican, representative electoral system. 
Lee: Why is it so?
Jo: One there is minus the House of Lords. 
Lee: Anything else?
Jo: And one where voters take responsibility for founding out facts and standing by the decisions they make would be a great start.
Lee: What you've just described is the way the referendum was organised. 
Jo: Exactly.
Lee: So let's respect the will of majority, ok?
Jo: I don't agree with it nor i have to like it.
Lee: That's your right to have your own opinion. 
Summary: Jo believes republican system is better than democracy.
Dialogue: Mindy: Hey what time does the party start?
Mabel: The birthday boy will be there at 8 so we should meet around 7:30
Mindy: Do you need help??
Mabel: I think I'm in control but thanks!
Mindy: no problem just let me know if I can be useful
Mabel: just be there <3
Mindy: aww <3
Mabel: <file_gif>
Summary: Mindy will meet Mabel around 7:30 before the birthday party.
Dialogue: Darcey: Can you tell I didn't have anything to eat today? I'm so skinny!
Ethan: I wish you wouldn't do that. You're going to pass out!
Darcey: I will not! I have fat to live on.
Ethan: You realize you're just making your body go into starvation? You'll just store more fat.
Darcey: That's not true!
Ethan: It is. I read it.
Darcey: I lost 5 whole pounds last week. So there!
Ethan: It may work temporarily but it isn't safe.
Darcey: I might go Keto. But it sounds gross.
Ethan: Better than starving yourself.
Darcey: Maybe. 
Ethan: I'm not kidding, you're just going to make it worse.
Darcey: I will not!
Ethan: Fine. I hate arguing with you.
Darcey: Coward!
Ethan: I think you look good the way you are. You are not fat!
Darcey: Thanks, but I am fat!
Ethan: You are so frustrating!
Darcey: And fat! LOL!
Ethan: Not fat!
Summary: Darcey is trying to lose weight and he didn't eat anything today. Ethan is concerned about him starving.
Dialogue: Rick: Hi, fatso!
Jim: Told you not to call me that.
Rick: I won't if you lose weight.
Jim: What do you want, lanky..
Rick: I need to borrow five bucks.
Jim: Oh, yeah? Me too!
Summary: Rick needs to borrow five bucks from Jim.
Dialogue: Susie: im coming please wait!
Sue: okay
Susie: thx!
Summary: Susie wants Sue to wait as she's coming.
Dialogue: Jenny: We're leaving tomorrow early, so if anybody wants to go with us by car, let me know here
Maria: I would like to go with you
Bernhard: me too, do you have 2 seats
Jenny: I think even 3 :)
Bernhard: perfect, what time you want to leave
Jenny: about 9.00
Maria: should we just meet outside the hotel?
Jenny: yes
Summary: Jenny has free seat in her car. Maria and Bernhard want to go with her. They're leaving about 9 from the hotel.
Dialogue: Al: hi pretty girl
Kyra: umm hi?
Al: wanna talk?
Al: u pretty
Al: hello
Summary: Al wanted to chat with Kyra, but she did not seem interested.
Dialogue: Peter: <file_photo> 
Maria: Did you guys meet up with Milena
Petro: ye yesterday 
Maria: Nice, she looks fabulous
Summary: Peter and Petro met with Milena yesterday.
