Dialogue: Patrick: hey I sent my comments last night
Patrick: did you see it?
Natalie: yes I've just read it and was going to text you
Natalie: first of all thank you very very much!
Patrick: you're welcome, no problem ;)
Natalie: this really means a lot
Patrick: you should ask them 2 questions about clause 6
Patrick: if it's applicable to the payment schedule then it's unfair imo
Natalie: ok I'll talk to them tomorrow
Natalie: Patrick one question
Natalie: would you be able to join me for a meeting with them?
Patrick: sure, when?
Patrick: I'm away on Friday
Natalie: tomorrow 12:00???
Natalie: but only if it's not a problem, I don't want to bother you, I would just feel better if you could be there and I don't know... warn me if anything is wrong ;)
Patrick: are you going to sign tomorrow?
Natalie: no, next week but I told I wanted to meet before and close the draft and make sure it's all clear
Patrick: very well
Patrick: tomorrow's fine, send me the address
Natalie: I don't know how to thank you...
Natalie: I mean I'll pay you of course, anything you tell me :)
Patrick: yeah... that will cost you a lunch ;)
Natalie: nooo! come on, it's your job
Patrick: we'll talk about it tomorrow ;)
Summary: Natalie is grateful for Patrick's comments. Patrick will join her at the meeting tomorrow at 12:00.
Dialogue: Jenson: I'm so fucked, I still haven't finished the project
Jenson: Franklin is gonna kill me
Jenson: <file_gif>
Molly: but you had a lot of time to finish this
Molly: what happened?
Jenson: Marvin had this accident so he couldn't help me
Jenson: and then we had those technical problems
Jenson: and now I'm so in the middle of nowhere!
Molly: <file_gif>
Molly: perhaps I can help you?
Jenson: Would you?
Molly: sure!
Jenson: you could actually take a look
Jenson: when would you be available?
Molly: hmm..what about tomorrow afternoon?
Jenson: sounds good to me
Molly: we have a deal then :D
Summary: Jenson is late with his project. He had to face many obstacles. He is scared of Franklin's reaction. Molly will help him tomorrow afternoon. 
Dialogue: Maria: I wonder if I can substitute the buttermilk with almond milk! 
Maria: I am lactose intolerant!!
Joanne: buttermilk is usually used as a substitute for regular milk for lactose intolerance.
Maria: It is still made with milk though!
Maria: It should have lactose in it then!
Maria:  I am not touching milk products!!
Susan: Try one of the fermented milks but buttermilk should not bother you.
Summary: Maria is intolerant to lactose but she can safely use buttermilk or fermented milks.
Dialogue: Rory: yo.. mess?
Reed: lets go
Rory: your still in your bed arent you -_-
Reed: just a few more minutes
Rory: dude youve been sleeping since 5
Reed: SO??
Reed: sleep has no bounds XD
Rory: yeah okay
Rory: GET UPP
Reed: okay okay
Rory: -_-
Summary: Rory encourages Reed to get up from bed.
Dialogue: Peter: thanks for the ride earlier today!!
Angela: no worries :-)
Angela: let me ask you something
Angela: do you think i'm a good driver??
Peter: you don't want the answer to that :-/ lol
Summary: Angela drove Peter today. 
Dialogue: Jack: Hi honey, how’s the day going?
Meg: Quite good, thanks honey. Lots of work but I’m doing pretty well. How about you?
Jack: I’m sorry to dampen your high spirits but I’ve got to go to Manchester tonight. 
Meg: Oh no! Why do you have to go to Manchester?
Jack: I’ll have a conference there. A really important conference
Jack: It’s completely last minute. I’m sorry, honey
Meg: Do you really have to go?
Jack: Absolutely, yes. My boss told me two hours ago that I have to go. You know him…
Meg: Quit the job. I’m telling you!
Jack: I can’t… We have to pay the debts…
Meg: I’ve got to go
Meg: I have no time for such conversations
Jack: Go then, bye
Meg: Bye
Summary: Jack has to go to Manchester tonight as he has an important conference there. Jack's boss told him two hours ago. Meg reckons Jack should quit the job. Jack can't do it as they have to pay the debts.
Dialogue: Magdalene: Are you coming to the cocktail party this Sunday?
Frederick: Yes
Josephine: I don't know yet
Josephine: Jamie is sick
Josephine: If he's not better I'll stay to take care of him 
Magdalene: I hope he gets better soon
Magdalene: I'm going. Let me know if you need a lift. 
Summary: Frederick and Magdalene are coming to the cocktail party this Sunday. Josephine doesn't know yet, because Jamie is sick. Magdalene can give someone a lift.
Dialogue: Matt: Did you get a chance to listen to my new podcast?
Cam: I saw the link you sent me mate but I haven't had the time.
Matt: I think you'll like it. The subject matter is right up your alley.
Cam: What's it about?
Matt: Aliens and origin of human race.
Cam: Hmmm.. that does sound interesting. 
Cam: Is it a new take or the same old same old?
Matt: Depends what you consider as a new take... It's an hour long interview with John Smith about his latest theory.
Cam: That's upped my interest. What does he say?
Matt: ;-) You'll have to listen to the podcast to find out.
Cam: Clever clever. You're not going to tell me?
Matt: If I tell you you won't listen to the podcast.
Cam: Maybe...
Matt: I know you well enough by now. Besides I want to find out what you think.
Cam: Fair enough. LOL
Matt: So listen to it and tell me what you think.
Cam: I'll try to this weekend. But to be honest most days I'm too shattered from work to do anything at home other than just look at the box and zone out.
Matt: Listen to the podcast and zone out. Much more informative. :-)
Cam: I hear you. True. True.
Summary: Cam will listen to Matt's new podcast, where he interviews John Smith about his new theory on aliens and the origin of human race.
Dialogue: Nina: How many times do I need to tell you?
Finn: WHAT?
Nina: i dont like to be kept waiting
Finn: Sorry Honey
Nina: You always say the same
Finn: I was on a phone call
Nina: Whom?
Finn: Jacob
Nina: He was with me all the time
Finn: I just called him for 1 minute :/
Nina: Maybe it was when he was outside
Finn: :/ 
Nina: Dont you make faces at me now
Finn: Will talk when we would meet
Nina: Sure
Finn: Please return my Jacket
Nina: Will give you soon
Finn: Thank you so very much
Nina: (Y)
Summary: Nina is angry at Finn because he kept her waiting. Finn had a phone call with Jacob. Finn and Nina will talk when they meet. Nina will return Finn's jacket.
Dialogue: Louis: Hello! :) Are you going to the conference in Prague?
Dorothy: Hi, Lou! Unfortunately, I can't - I have no one to leave the kids with for such a long time.
Louis: Oh, what a shame! :(
Summary: Dorothy cannot go to the conference in Prague, because she does not have anyone to look after her children for so long.
Dialogue: Troy: i've been texting rick every day for the last three days to no response
Troy: and i just learned he's in the hospital with pneumonia!!
Diana: no one told you???
Troy: no!!! and now i feel like a dick coz i haven't paid him a visit
Summary: Troy texted Rick every day without knowing he was in the hospital with pneumonia. He's sorry he didn't pay him a visit. 
Dialogue: Pedro: I got promoted!
Samantha: Great! Well deserved. 
Jake: Let's celebrate 
Summary: Pedro got promoted. 
Dialogue: John: merry xmas! <file_GIF>
Sue: Haha! Awesome :D
Sue: Thx. 
Sue: Merry Christmas!
Summary: John wishes Sue merry Christmas. She reciprocates the wishes.
Dialogue: Max: You played really well today
Ben: I wish I played even better
Max: Don't be so modest 
Summary: Max reckons Ben played well today but Ben wishes he played better.
Dialogue: Emma: Dear Friends, I would love to thank you all for an amazing time! your presence and gifts, i hug you and see you around <3 <3 <3 xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Jo: <3
Ted: (Y)
Jennifer: thank you for such a great time! and amazing food!
Emma: (Y)
Summary: Emma thanks Jo, Ted, Jennifer and Emma for an amazing time they had together, as well as for their presence and gifts.
Dialogue: Scarlett: <file_photo>
Andrew: 35 degrees?
Andrew: I would be boiling :D
Scarlett: And it feels even hotter
Scarlett: It is very humid here
Andrew: I know you love to travel
Andrew: But I prefer my 10 degrees outside
Andrew: A book, a blanket and a nice cup of tea
Scarlett: I’d love to drink a cold beer
Scarlett: But I’m afraid to drink anything
Scarlett: I’m in a bus and there is no toilet 
Scarlett: Still need to wait a few hours
Scarlett: Then I will take a shower
Scarlett: and drink some beer :D
Summary: Scarlett is in the bus with no toilet so she's afraid to drink anything even though it's 35 degrees. Andrew prefers his 10 degrees outside.
Dialogue: David: Have you told the cleaning woman to do the shed?
Ella: Clean forgot!
David: Should I contact her or will you do that?
Ella: I will. My fault.
David: Ta!
Summary: Ella will talk to the cleaning woman to do the shed.
Dialogue: Ian: I wonder why the Dixie chicks don't sing anymore
Marly: Hmm Yea
Marly: I remember them only when I was a child
Marly: I heard they had a conflict with even her own fans
Marly: Because they sing country, country is like music of more backwards states 
Marly: And Dixie Chicks criticized President Bush you know
Ian: And then the fans fot angry?
Marly: Yeah 
Marly: Thats why
Marly: Fans started burning their CDs
Ian: Thats so crazy
Marly: The Dixie Chicks are open minded
Marly: comparing to their fans
Ian: Interesting
Ian: I like their music
Ian: So sad to see their long hiatus 
Marly: I know,
Marly: You know their song Not ready to make nice?
Marly: Its basically about the way they got treated
Marly: After making political comments about bush 
Ian: I know that song! Its my fav. I see thanks 
Summary: Ian and Marly are talking about the Dixie Chicks. 
Dialogue: Greg: The University of Bristol here I come! X
Susan: OMG! Congratulations!!!
Jo: well done you!
Gina: i knew you would do it! Lots of love!
Jim: good luck! Learn lots! X
Emma: I’m so proud! x
Summary: Greg is gong to The University of Bristol. Gina knew he would do it. Emma is proud.
Dialogue: Troy: Hey...
Courtney: hey?
Troy: We've got a problem.
Courtney: way to sound dramatic dude! watsup? :P
Troy: You know my cousin...
Courtney: you mean rick? whadda bout him??
Troy: No, I mean Colin. He's coming to tomorrow's movie night.
Courtney: Colin?! As in weird-colin-creeps-every1-out dweep Colin??? :O 
Troy: Yeah...
Courtney: why??? DX
Troy: Mum says I have to take him with me because he's my guest
Courtney: you didn't even invite him...?
Troy: that's what i said -_-
Courtney: >:(
Courtney: mayb it wont be so bad?
Troy: Remember the remote control incident?
Courtney: Okay, we're screwed.
Troy: I'm sorry :(
Summary: Troy and Courtney are dismayed that Colin is coming to tomorrow's movie night.
Dialogue: Macy: hello
Libby: hi
Macy: want to go with me?
Libby: where?
Macy: some shopping
Libby: just shopping or shopping with a reason?
Macy: i need to buy some shoes
Libby: you have 20 pairs of shoes!
Macy: but i need ones with sparkling glitter
Libby: party?
Macy: new year's eve with my boyfriend :)
Libby: uuuu! :D
Macy: i have a dress bu i need these shoes
Libby: so tomorrow?
Macy: ok
Summary: Macy needs glittery shoes for the new year's eve so she's going shopping with Libby tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jane: What was that tv series you were watching all the time in high school?
Emma: gossip girl?
Jane: yes that one
Emma: why? :D
Jane: I feel like watching something stupid
Jane: they're killing me at work
Emma: yep, gossip girl is definitely stupid :D
Summary: Jane would like to watch Gossip Girl.
Dialogue: Mommy: Bernie, you've forgotten your lunch again. I'll come and fetch it for you. At 11:10 in the schoolyard.
Eatts: Please don't. I'll get sth from the canteen.
Mommy: No way. You are not going to eat that poison there. I'll bring your you lunch.
Eatts: NO!!
Mommy: I am in the schoolyard shortly before the long break and you come and get your lunch. Otherwise I shall go into your classroom and hand it in to you.
Eatts: I hate you!!!
Summary: Bernie forgot his lunch. Mommy wants to fetch it for him. He wants to eat in the canteen instead. Mommy doesn't want that Bernie eats in the canteen. He refuses to take the lunch but she threatens to come to the classroom and hand it to him.
Dialogue: Monica: hi girls
Jen: hi!
Jo: hello :)
Monica: about the meeting, please think of the topics i put in the agenda
Jo: what agenda?
Monica: <send_file>
Jen: oh dear, a lot of things to arrange
Monica: well, it's my wedding, everything must be perfect, just like my brides! :)
Summary: Jen and Jo should put topics in the agenda for Monica's wedding.
Dialogue: Gabriel: i'm thinking of getting a job for the summer
Randy: how is yours going?
Gabriel: being a waiter is not fun but it's a good way to make good money
Randy: i think I'll do that
Randy: i'll start looking for a job today
Summary: Gabriel is thinking about getting a job for the summer, and Randy will start looking for a job today.
Dialogue: Mariana: Morning
Holden: Morning
Mariana: How is feeling my Pilot today?
Holden: Still sick but getting better slowly
Mariana: Good
Summary: Holden is slowly getting better from sickness.
Dialogue: Cierra: <file_photo>
Tucker: already? 
Tucker: great!!
Cierra: yeah that was quick 
Cierra: i picked it up today from the parcel shop
Tucker: it looks really neat
Cierra: and it feels nice too
Cierra: do you want me to bring it to school tomorrow?
Tucker: could i come today?
Cierra: what time?
Tucker: I finish in 20 mins
Tucker: i could be there in 40-45
Cierra: ok i should be home. i'm leaving at 3
Tucker: ok, i'll do my best!
Summary: Cierra picked it up from the parcel shop today. Tucker finishes in 20 minutes. He will come to Cierra in around 45 minutes. Cierra will be home, but she's leaving at 3.
Dialogue: Joseph: We should collect some money for the insurance
Nancy: I really don't think we need another one, everything is insured
Donald: I think we're not safe enough 
Chuck: I agree with Nancy, we should not pay more for that, it's pointless
Donald: but that was what we decided
Chuck: no, Donald, you decided it, I was not even there
Nancy: neither was I
Joseph: gosh, what a stalemate
Donald: I'm not going to pay it myself
Nancy: so we will function without it, perfect
Summary: Donald decided they need a bigger insurance. He didn't consulted anybody. Nancy and Chuck don't agree, because there is already an insurance that covers everything.
Dialogue: Mateo: Could you lend me the latest Cabre's novel?
Alaina: Sure :)
Alaina: Which one is it?
Mateo: "I confess", I guess. But it doesn't really matter, I've only read "The Voices of Panamo".
Alaina: And you've fallen in love, huh? :)
Mateo: Of course, I have! He's absolutely amazing!! 
Alaina: Yeah and the best thing is that all of his novels are very similar yet very different from each other. You'll see it yourself. ;)
Mateo: I can't wait! :)
Summary: Alaina will lend Mateo a novel by Cabre. 
Dialogue: Donald: Have you taken your medicine, sweetie?
Donald: I'm adding your mom to the conversation.
Hannah: Hello, honey. How's it going with the antibiotics?
Lucy: Hey, mom, hey, dad, I'm doing fine. I'm taking my medicine ;)
Hannah: Great to hear, honey. Take care and get well soon!
Lucy: Thanks, ma ;)
Summary: Lucy is taking antibiotics.
Dialogue: Giuseppe: Man is Matteo's gf hot
Lorenzo: I'm telling him, dude :P
Giuseppe: No need for that, I told him already XD
Lorenzo: Ok, lol XD
Summary: Lorenzo and Giuseppe find Matteo's girlfriend sexy.
Dialogue: Frederick: As a kid, what did you want to be?
Francesca: A soldier and you?
Frederick: That’s uncommon for a girl ☺
Francesca: I grew up with a bunch of boys 
Francesca: We all wanted to be soldiers
Frederick: I wanted to be a teacher.
Frederick: I had a math teacher that I really admired
Frederick: I wanted to be like him. 
Frederick: Mr. Taylor. Everybody loved him.
Frederick: I learned he died a few years after we graduated.
Frederick: He had cancer
Frederick: But the disease didn’t beat his spirit
Francesca: That’s sad
Frederick: Yes….
Frederick: He wasn’t old at all
Frederick: He might have been in his 30s.
Francesca: That’s really young.
Francesca: We are 33 now.
Francesca: Imagine you had to die now.
Frederick: I know, right? The whole life in front of us…
Summary: Francesca wanted to become a soldier. Frederick wanted to become a teacher. His math teacher died of cancer few years after he graduated.
Dialogue: Karla: you won't believe what happened to me today
Lucy: what?
Karla: i went shopping and when i was looking for my car in the parking lot someone ran me over
Lucy: WHAT?!!?!?! ARE YOU OK!!?!?!?
Karla: i'm in hospital but i'm ok
Lucy: what hospital?? i need to go see you
Karla: wait, that's not what i wanted to tell you
Karla: so, a car was backing out and hit me and made me fall on my knees
Lucy: OMG, are you sure you're ok?
Karla: shut up and let me text
Lucy: ??? ok
Karla: the driver stopped immediately and jumped out of the car to help me
Karla: he is THE MOST GORGEOUS MAN i've ever seen in my life
Karla: he apologized over and over again
Karla: and even rode in the ambulance with me to go to the emergency center
Lucy: i can't... i just can't... are you sure you're ok?
Karla: YES! stop asking that
Lucy: ok, i'm just worried about you
Karla: i swear i'm fine
Karla: i broke both my legs
Karla: and i'm in tremendous pain
Karla: but i think i'm in love
Karla: he's here, right next to me
Lucy: unbelievable...
Summary: Karla was run over by a car in the parking lot. She is now in the hospital. Both her legs are broken. She is in love with the man who ran her over.
Dialogue: Judith: We're throwing a party on Saturday!
Judith: You're all welcome to come 
Larry: Great! I love your parties
Max: Cool!
Judith: It will be a 1980s themed party so you're welcome to dress accordingly
Angela: Awesome
Angela: I was recently looking through my mums' old clothes
Angela: I found plenty of great stuff 
Max: I don't have any 1980s clothes...
Judith: It's also ok
Judith: We will provide some wigs and other gadgets ;-)
Larry: Sounds great! I can't wait
Larry: Should we bring something?
Judith: Just yourselves :D 
Summary: Judith is throwing a 1980s themed party on Saturday. Judith will provide some wigs and gadgets to dress accordingly.
Dialogue: Henry: Hi! Is John with you?
Jesus: No
Gleydson: No
Jesus: Why don't you call him?
Henry: His phone is off...
Henry: I need him now
Henry: He took my wallet
Summary: John took Henry's wallet. Henry wants to contact him but John's phone is off. John is neither with Jesus nor with Gleydson.
Dialogue: Alfie: I think my name is stupid!
Holly: I don't! It's cool!
Alfie: Not cool at all.
Holly: It is, you are the only one!
Alfie: True.
Holly: Is it short for something?
Alfie: Alfred. My grandpa's name.
Holly: Oh! Are you the third?
Alfie: Yep. My dad is junior.
Holly: You could go by Trey! Some people do.
Alfie: Never thought of that!
Holly: See? I'm smart! LOL!
Alfie: You are! Good idea!
Summary: Alfie doesn't like his name. Holly likes it. 
Dialogue: Philip: Hello beautiful
Mary: heyyy
Philip: you look so beautiful in in your profile pic
Philip: you look good enough to eat
Mary: ok...
Philip: youre just so hot
Mary: uhhh thanks???
Philip: I just thnik youre beautiful
Mary: thanks
Philip: youre not being very nice
Mary: excuse me?
Philip: you could say something
Mary: there's reallyu nothing I can say
Philip: you could tell me I'm cute
Mary: ????
Philip: yeah, you could be nice and answer with something nice!
Mary: I really don't know what to write to you 
Mary: this conversation got very weird
Philip: yeah you grils don't know how to be nice
Philip: you're all the same
Mary: ??? what the hell
Philip: <file_photo>
Mary:  a dick pic! really 
Mary: Ok Im out of this conversation
Philip: yeah well fuck you! 
Summary: Philip is hitting on Mary. She is confused. When he sends her an improper photo, she leaves the conversation.
Dialogue: Charlotte: Can we talk?
Ursula: Hi, sure, how are you?
Charlotte: Not very well at the moment
Ursula: Why?
Charlotte: Just talked to Rach.
Ursula: Was she mean to you?
Charlotte: No, she was not.
Charlotte: I wanted to talk to you
Charlotte: Because she told me you were hitting on my boy
Ursula: WHAT
Charlotte: Last party at Dan's, I was sick
Charlotte: I've heard you were eager to keep him company
Ursula: That's bullshit
Ursula: I just talked with him
Ursula: Mostly about you anyways
Charlotte: I'll ask him what he thinks about it
Ursula: Sure, ask him!
Ursula: This is ridicolous.
Ursula: We can meet and make the situation clear if you wish
Charlotte: Let me just calm down and think about it
Charlotte: I'll talk to you later
Ursula: Ok, speak soon
Summary: Rach told Charlotte that Ursula had been flirting with Charlotte's boyfriend at the last party at Dan's. Charlotte will explain the situation with her boyfriend and Ursula. 
Dialogue: Telma: Do you want something from Tesco?
Telma: Let me know I'm about to leave.
Tom: Cheddar !! 
Telma: Ok
Amy: Could you bring some blueberries please =)
Telma: They're not good at Tesco
Telma: It's better to buy them at Coop
Amy: It's okay, the Tesco ones are good for me. 
Telma: Ok. I'll bring you some.
Summary: Telma will buy cheddar for Tom and blueberries for Amy at Tesco.
Dialogue: Emma: You should call him just by his name :/
William: I would take care next time
Emma: Good
Summary: Emma insists that William calls him by his name and he promises to comply.
Dialogue: Peter: Can you forward to me all emails about the sale.
Alex: There must be a few dozens of them.
Peter: No problem, send them all.
Summary: Alex will send Peter all emails about the sale.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hey did you watch me pull out the plug of the heater before I left?
Niall: Where to check it? I'm still here. 
Patricia: Oh, ok. The electric heater at my desk. Check if it is turned off. Why are you there still?
Niall: Ok, I'll just load the dishwasher, and I'll check it.
Patricia: Thanks :)
Niall: This report has to be sent on Monday. And I wouldn't do everything in the morning. But no worries, I'm done.
Patricia: Ok. Is the heater off?
Niall: Yes
Patricia: So you are going to go and relax now, right?
Niall: Yup. I'm gonna do nothing :)
Patricia: Good.
Summary: Patricia wants Niall to check if she turned off the heater. Niall is doing some overtime work.
Dialogue: Emma: Hey sis, what's up???
Sharon: I am currently peeling potatoes.
Emma: hahaha
Sharon: Funny?
Emma: Dunno. Made me laugh.
Sharon: Are you high?
Emma: As fuck!!
Sharon: As usually. 
Emma: Siiiiiiissss come on! I made these awesome muffins. Come over! They are soooo tasty!
Sharon: You know I disapprove of these things...
Emma: You should relax your ass from time to time.
Sharon: Emma....
Emma: Just kidding! Tomorrow I'm coming to play with your kids. 
Sharon: Surprisingly, they like you a lot.
Emma: :D :D :D
Sharon: I don't know why...
Emma: Well,  I know :D :D :D
Sharon: Why would that be?
Emma: Because your sister is awesome hahahahaha
Sharon: ha ha ha 
Summary: Emma made weed muffins and wants her sister, Sharon, to come over. Sharon is not a fan of this. Emma is coming tomorrow to play with Sharon's kids. They really like her.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hey, I'm at subway, I'll be home in 30 minutes, do you want me to get you anything?
Anthony: 😍
Anthony: you're the best! 
Anthony: but I just ordered pizza, so I'm good. Thanks though. 
Olivia: lol ok, I'll see you soon
Summary: Olivia is at the subway. Anthony has just ordered pizza, so he doesn't want Olivia to get him anything. 
Dialogue: Lilly: you're not returning my calls again
Lilly: please let me know if everything is okay
Michelle: everything is fine, don't worry
Michelle: I told you that I will be on a training course this week
Michelle: can't really talk on the phone while in here, I'll call you after it ends
Lilly: oh, completely forgot about that, sorry
Summary: Lilly was worried about Michelle, because Michelle was not returning her calls. Lilly forgot that Michelle is on a training course this week. She will call Lilly after it ends. 
Dialogue: Eva: Meeting today with clients at 11 am sharp.. 
Jim: Yes sir
Eva: Have you prepared the presentation
Jim: Yes sir I have
Jim: :thumbs
Summary: There's a meeting with clients today at 11 AM. Jim has prepared the presentation.
Dialogue: Jimmy: Anyone up for a beer?
Tom: Yep, for sure
Rick: oh boy, definitely
Rick: This week chewed me up, swallowed and then threw up on a sidewalk
Jimmy: damn! It's a date then, 7pm at Morty's?
Rick: sure
Summary: Jimmy, Tom and Rick are meeting for a beer at 7 p.m. at Morty's.
Dialogue: Mike: sorry I'll be late
Darren: I'm already here waiting
Mike: the traffic is terrible
Stella: I've missed my bus
Mike: where are you Stella?
Darren: Lisa are u coming?
Stella: I'll get an uber
Lisa: on my way
Mike: Darren is there any parking space?
Darren: I can see one now 
Mike: Stella where are you now? want me to pick you up
Stella: no thanks just got another bus
Stella: be there in 20min
Darren: the place is almost empty and I'm sitting here like an idiot
Mike: shit, huge accident on 278
Lisa: where are you?
Mike: don't wait for me guys, I'll do my best
Mike: Trinity Park
Darren: is anyone hungry?
Mike: yeah... me
Darren: Lisa's here, we'll order something for you Mike
Mike: ok thanks. pasta please
Stella: shrimps for me please!
Amy: hi guys be there in 15min
Amy: pleeease get me anything, like shrimps as a starter
Amy: im starving!
Summary: Lisa and Darren will order food for Stella, Mike and Amy, who will join them shortly. There was a huge accident on 278. 
Dialogue: Liam: Guys, how is Denmark treating you?
Terry: couldn't be better
John: maybe a bit more of the sun could be better
Helmut: do you want to join us here?
Liam: yup!
Helmut: I knew it!
Liam: hehehe
Terry: what made you change your mind?
Liam: money, money
John: of course, it's always about money
Liam: studying for free and great scholarships
John: exactly!
John: Copenhagen?
Liam: don't know yet
Summary: Terry, John and Helmut are studying in Denmark and they're pleased with that. Liam's thinking about joining them there.
Dialogue: Matt: Do you want to go for date?
Agnes: Wow! You caught me out with this question Matt.
Matt: Why?
Agnes: I simply didn't expect this from you.
Matt: Well, expect the unexpected.
Agnes: Can I think about it?
Matt: What is there to think about?
Agnes: Well, I don't really know you.
Matt: This is the perfect time to get to know eachother
Agnes: Well that's true.
Matt: So let's go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz.
Agnes: Now your convincing me.
Matt: Cool, saturday at 6pm?
Agnes: That's fine.
Matt: I can pick you up on the way to the restaurant.
Agnes: That's really kind of you.
Matt: No problem.
Agnes: See you on saturday.
Matt: Yes, looking forward to it.
Agnes: Me too.
Summary: Matt invites Agnes for a date to get to know each other better. They'll go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz on Saturday at 6 pm, and he'll pick her up on the way to the place.
Dialogue: Eddie: How’s your gym session today?
Rob: Oh, man, I’m fed up. Too much deadlifts 
Eddie: Told you, it’s too early to change the drill.
Rob: Yeah, I know, but I thought I’d go up with the weight.
Eddie: …but you didn’t ;-) 
Rob: Yep. Will have to wait another week or so.  
Summary: Rob is fed up with his gym. He needs to continue another week or so before he goes up with the weight. 
Dialogue: Danny: please come back home
Peach: aren't you angry any more?
Danny: no. and i think we should talk
Peach: okay than
Summary: Danny wants Peach to come home and talk. Peach will come.
Dialogue: Nuno: hi guys I'm decluttering my home so I'm getting rid of stuff
Nuno: <file_photo>
Nuno: <file_photo>
Nuno: <file_photo>
Nuno: <file_photo>
Nuno: you guys want anything?
Yoyo: I call dibs on DIXIT!!!!
Sasuka: whoa Nuno your collection rocks!
Nuno: thanks
Neville: could you tell me the size of that shirts?
Sasuka: I would gladly take that posters <3
Nuno: S
Neville: then I want the red one and that blue with fish on it
Nuno: it's yours then
Yoyo: I will also take your blue Magic the Gathering deck
Nuno: ok so I will give it to you when we'll meet up
Nuno: bye!
Summary: Nuno is giving out some of his stuff as he's decluttering his house. Yoyo will get Dixit and blue Magic the Gathering deck. Sasuka will take posters. Neville will be given a red and a blue shirt.
Dialogue: Kira: Can you send me the recipe for that chocolate cake?
Jo: The one I made last week or the one my mum does?
Kira: Either one, I love both of them. Which one is easier?
Jo: Mine :D
Kira: LOL, of course. Your mum is like 5 levels above us.
Jo: Hey, I'm not that bad in the kitchen :P
Kira: Well, I am :P 
Jo: Wait a moment, I need to find the link with the recipe.
Kira: I thought you had it printed.
Jo: Yes, but it's easier to send the link I got it from, isn't it? :P OK, here it is: <file_other>
Kira: Thanks :* I hope mine will taste as good as yours!
Summary: Jo sent Kira a link to the recipe for the chocolate cake. Jo's mother is a better cook than Jo.
Dialogue: Michelle: Have you heard about the results of the election?
Olivier: Yeah, I have... I'm sort of disappointed, I didn't expect that. I mean... Maybe I just hoped it would be different.
Michelle: Yeah, I can't believe he won... And you know what's worse?
Olivier: Can there be anything worse than that...?
Michelle: My parents voted for him, too. I just... can't believe it. Why would they? How can they be so...
Olivier: Oh god... I'm so sorry, Michelle.
Michelle: They're so happy about the results but I just want to cry. I don't know if I can face them now. I feel like I don't want to know them. Maybe it will pass, but for now it's too soon.
Olivier: Do you want to come over? We could play something, I honestly just want to forget, too, so...
Michelle: Thanks, that sounds good, I really could use a distraction now... Then I'll text you when I leave home.
Olivier: I'll be waiting!
Summary: Michelle is disappointed by the results of the election, same as Olivier. Michelle is also appalled that her parents voted for him and are happy about the results. Olivier invited Michelle over and she agreed to come.
Dialogue: Monica: I was thinking about what you said last time we talked.
Sharon: And?
Monica: I don’t think Marlene did it on purpose.
Sharon: Did what?
Monica: I mean she probably didn’t know I want to keep this engagement thing a secret…
Sharon: Obviously not. You didn’t say anything.
Monica: But isn’t it kind of obvious?
Sharon: No. People usually want to share such things with the world. I wouldn’t think about it.
Monica: Eh, I think I should apologies to her and just… Try to fix it. This whole situation was a bit too much.
Sharon: I agree, I understand you got emotional, but it got messy.
Monica: I will talk to her tomorrow.
Sharon: Actually… I think maybe you should wait. Two or three days. She got emotional too.
Monica: Fair point, that’s what I will do.
Summary: Monika thinks Marlene did not know Monika wanted to keep the engagement secret. Monika wants to fix the tension between the two. Sharon believes Monika should wait a few days.
Dialogue: Jeremiah: I can't find you, where are you?
Noel: I went out to have a cigarette 
Jeremiah: what do you think about Dominica?
Noel: she is hot, right?
Jeremiah: but also kind of aggressive 
Noel: no, she's just independent, smart woman
Jeremiah: she's attacking me all the time
Noel: no, she just doesn't agree with your conservative opinions
Jeremiah: what is conservative about my desire to have a family
Noel: haha, everything
Noel: family is a patriarchal 19th century idea
Jeremiah: not 19th century! it's been forever with us
Noel: hahaha, no, as a historian I can assure you it's a pretty new invention
Jeremiah: oh, you lefties!
Noel: No, we just have empathy toward women :P
Jeremiah: eh
Summary: Jeremy can't find Noel, who went out to have a cigarette. Noel finds Dominica hot, independent and smart, but Jeremiah thinks she's aggressive.
Dialogue: Jeremy: what are you doing?
Piotr: having a walk with my grandma
Jeremy: how nice!
Piotr: yes she's very nice 
Jeremy: you told me already that you get on very well with her
Piotr: you would meet her next time you come
Jeremy: Hope so
Piotr: have a nice week end
Summary: Piotr is having a walk with his grandma. Jeremy will meet her next time he visits. 
Dialogue: Stan: im on my way
Stan: but im stuck in traffic jam
Lee: ok
Lee: i will be inside
Summary: Stan is stuck in a traffic jam.
Dialogue: Peter: Hi, wanna grab something to eat after work?
Diana: Sure, maybe that new restaurant at Elm Street?
Peter: You read my mind, I was gonna suggest that :)
Diana: Perfect, see you there at 4.
Peter: See ya <3
Summary: Peter is asking Diana if she wants to go eat with him. Diana is suggesting a new restaurant at Elm Street, a place where Peter also wants to go. They both will meet there at 4. 
Dialogue: Chris: Thought I should have a wander around Sawyer’s for the first time. Spotted something I bought earlier this week in Bath for £14.95 and wondered... shouldn’t have looked, they priced it at £19.99 😱. Great shop but wallet not coming out 😂.
Ruth: Mark up is ridiculous, I agree. But it’s food and food is good
Chris: Tea selection is fab too
Xavier: No tea. It’s fun time! 🎉
Chris: Breakfast? 😂
Xavier: Gym thirsty work 😂
Ruth: What’s the craic for getting a drink before dinner?
Chris: Was about to ask! 😉
Xavier: I’m getting ready for the evening. I’m meeting my cousins today, you know I can’t stand them.
Summary: Chris went to Sawyer's and found out the prices are much higher here than in Bath. Ruth and Chris enjoy some aspects of the shop. Xavier is having a drink as he's meeting his cousins in the evening, that he dislikes. 
Dialogue: Ann: Don't you know if dad took Ann with him?
Tom: I'm not sure, but I think they went shopping.
Ann: I thought so :)
Ann: Thanks :*
Summary: Dad and Ann went shopping.
Dialogue: Cameron: u slept well?
Nathaniel: :X
Cameron: guess it means not :D
Nathaniel: didn't breathe again
Cameron: meds?
Nathaniel: i shouldn't be taking meds 
Nathaniel: they only make things worse for me
Cameron: why?
Nathaniel: because the sleep is so deep that i don't wake up when i stop breathing
Cameron: shit that sounds scary
Nathaniel: it is :X seeing the doctor in 2 days
Cameron: fingers crossed!!
Summary: Nathaniel didn't sleep well, had some problems with breathing. He's seeing a doctor in 2 days.
Dialogue: Seth: Hey! I'm having some problems with my PC, can you guys help me out?
Rory: Sure. What's going on?
Albert: yeah what's up?
Seth: It doesn't work. XD
Albert: xd
Rory: Well, does it turn on? Does it make a BEEP sound like normal?
Seth: Yeah it turns on, I can hear the fans, but it doesn't beep as usual :(.
Albert: does it make many beeps?
Seth: No, it doesn't beep at all :/.
Rory: Hmm... If it doesn't beep at all with the information about what's wrong with it take a look inside at the motherboard.
Rory: There should be some lights.
Seth: Ok...
Seth: Some lights blink in some order and then it stops at DRAM.
Albert: not good...
Rory: So it's having some problems with the memory. Try reseating the memory sticks (turn it off first!).
Albert: yeah, maybe they moved a little in the slot
Albert: also try different combinations of slots
Seth: Ok! I'll try some things and let you know!
Summary: Seth's computer doesn't beep. He follows Albert and Rory's advice and checks the motherboard.He discovers that some lights blink and then stop at DRAM. Seth will try reseating the memory sticks and different combinations of slots, and then let Albert and Rory know. 
Dialogue: Agnes: i have to stay longer at work
Agnes: im sorry
Sandra: no problem
Summary: Agnes has to stay longer at work.
Dialogue: Joseph: Hi, sup?
Joey: Hey, man, everything's fine, you?
Joseph: Not bad. 
Joey: How was Rome?
Joseph: Beyond words! It was fucking lit, man. The food, the people, the atmosphere.
Joey: Nice girls, right? :D
Joseph: Word! Italians are hot as hell!!
Joey: Told ya! Got any action then? ;)
Joseph: Got me some phone numbers, but there wasn't time...
Joey: LOL, THERE WASN'T TIME?! Where r your priorities, man?!
Joseph: Let's say the group didn't feel the same way about Italian asses as me...
Joey: Let me guess: girls wanted to hit the museums and stuff? :D
Joseph: Exactly. -.-
Joey: We should go together sometime, you know?
Joseph: Fucking A, bro!
Joey: LOL I wonder if we would live to tell the story, we would be so drunk all the time 
Joseph: Right, we'll have to find a nurse :D
Joey: NurseS, plural, man
Joseph: It's a plan then. :D 
Summary: Joseph went tp Rome and shares details of the trip with Joey, Joseph liked Italian girls, but only got some phone numbers so they agree they go there together the next time.
Dialogue: Lindsay: how on Earth a girl like you is single?!
Ronnie: I don't to ruin the surprise ;)
Lindsay: or maybe this photo was taken 20 years ago
Ronnie: tbh I'm very picky
Lindsay: I think it's good
Lindsay: I see no point in settling down for something mediocre
Ronnie: and how would you answer that question?
Ronnie: why are you single?
Lindsay: I think I'm bad at dating
Ronnie: really?
Lindsay: I feel awkward about new people and take things too slow
Ronnie: so you're shy!
Lindsay: and I suck at flirting
Ronnie: flirting is overrated
Lindsay: are you good at flirting?
Ronnie: haha I don't think so :)
Ronnie: but I'm a good dancer
Lindsay: how about you dance with me this Sunday?
Ronnie: where?
Lindsay: there's Kozidrak's party in Cocoon
Ronnie: sound cringy and fun :)
Lindsay: so is that a yes?
Ronnie: yes :)
Lindsay: great!
Summary: Lindsay and Ronnie are going dancing this Saturday at Kozidrak's party in Cocoon.
Dialogue: Ian: Are you going to school today?
Ann: Yes,
Ann: Why do you ask?
Ian: I have an invitation from Mary for you 
Summary: Ann will come to school today. Ian has an invitation for her from Mary.
Dialogue: Sawyer: I hope I found you wrapped in a towel when you open the door
Eleanor: No... I will be wearing sexy short black robe instead which is a little bit transparent
Sawyer: It must be fully transparent then
Eleanor: I'm general it is but it's black
Sawyer: Hmmm Would you ever send me a photo of you wearing it ?
Eleanor: When I take a shower and then I put it i always have to have underwear also. If not my flatmates would see what I have under the robe xd
Eleanor: In the photo u can't see anything. Since last time I sent u a photo in it xd hahaha
Sawyer: Hahaha and what if you take the photo when you're alone. So that only you and me can see
Eleanor: But in the picture u can't see that it's transparent. U need to come here :)
Sawyer: Maybe take a better one ?
Eleanor: I can't
Sawyer: Haha and your new phone will take better pictures
Eleanor: The robe is a little bit transparent, :) so it's not possible that in the pic it will be visible
Sawyer: Ok no worries
Summary: When Eleanor meets Sawyer, she will be wearing a slightly transparent black robe. Sawyer would like Eleanor to take a picture of herself in the robe, but the transparency is not visible on photos.
Dialogue: Robert: I need someone to share my opinion to.
Robert: <file_other>
Robert: So there is this guy
Robert: He's fat A
Robert: He looks as if he ate half of Congo population
Robert: And he claims that he has the right to be fat and to eat billion callories each day and it's nobody's business.
Nina: Bleeh. I hate fat guys.
Nina: However he's got the point.
Nina: It's none of our business how fat he gets and what type of diabetes he has.
Robert: That's right. But it starts to be my business when a guy launches a youtube channel and he convinces other fat people that they have the right to be fat if they want.
Robert: And suddenly all overweight people decide to stay overweight because they want to believe this is the path to accept their appearance.
Robert: I hate it, because it's not normal to look like this if you don't have serious disease.
Nina: Well. Polarization. 
Nina: That's another radical view after fashion industry got criticized for presenting anorectic models
Robert: Anorectics are as ugly as fat girls.
Robert: At least to me.
Nina: Matter of taste. But generally I agree :D
Summary: Robert is irritated that some large man is promoting being overweight on youtube. Nina shares Robert's opinion.
Dialogue: Chloe: OMG, i saw ur designs for class. they're like SO LAME
Stella: What? how? no one was supposed to see those
Chloe: Yeah, well i did - and they'r like ridiculous!
Chloe: i can't believe u drew something so horrendous 
Stella: stop it Chloe!!  
Chloe: why? u gonna cry??
Stella: why do u have to be so mean all the time? 
Chloe: please, i'm just doing u a favour
Chloe: now no one needs to see u or ur work again
Chloe: u should just quit while u can
Stella: but i like designing
Chloe: but u clearly have no talent
Chloe: no one is gonna want to hang out wiht a nobody like u
Stella: ur just saying tht
Chloe: i wouldn't be saying it if it wasnt *true*
Stella: i don't care - I'm not quitting! i love creating and designing!! 
Stella: and i do have talent - Mrs Hall even said so!
Chloe: puh-lease, she was just saying that cos she felt sorry for u
Chloe: not that i blame her
Stella: i'm not gonna quit
Chloe: *yawn*
Stella: i'm serious
Chloe: whtaever, it's ur funeral
Summary: Chloe dislikes Stella's designs and advises her to give up. Stella won't quit and Mrs Hall thinks she is talented too.
Dialogue: Max: I NEED HELP
Tim: what happened??
Max: u know Emma?
Tim: the blond? the girl ur in love with but she knows nothing about u lol
Max: yes that one 
Tim: ok what happened ?
Max: I talked to her
Tim: ok awesome! and then what? what she say??
Max: she invited me to coffee
Tim: wait really?? great!
Max: but I said no
Tim: why the hell did you do that for??
Max: I freaked out!!
Tim: dude 
Max: she gave me her number 
Tim: call her said ur plans change and u can go out 
Max: idkkk what if I do something weird
Tim: dude fucking call her! she gave u her number then she likes you 
Max: ehhh...
Summary: Emma invited Max, who is in love with her, to coffee. He said no, but she gave him her number.
Dialogue: Kim: can you give me a ride 2day?
Beck: im already at school sry
Elberta: no prob what time?
Kim: can u pick me up at 9.00. or its too late?
Elberta: lets make it 8.40. traffic might be pretty bad today
Beck: yeah, it seems. It was already packed at 7 so you too make sure to leave Elary
Elberta: or we'll miss the economy class. How could we
Kim: terrible lol
Elberta: ok then 8.30. shite, make up!
Summary: Elberta will pick Kim up at 8:30 to avoid heavy traffic. If they get stuck in a traffic jam, they might miss the economy class.
Dialogue: Tom: No I am not! :D
Kate: (Y)
Gwyneth: Layla, please post that group photo :)))))
Layla: Wait.... cause my hubbie is very sad and doesn't want to listen to me anymore
Audrey: It was cool to meet you all. Layla - thanks for creating this opportunity! And again: the age serves you... :*
Layla: <3 file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo file_photo if you have your own photos - please post them...
Audrey: I'm not there.... :(((((
Gwyneth: Awesome pics and awesome party
Kate: me and Gwyneth look like we were opera divas :D
Gwyneth: (Y)
Kate: :D :D :D
Summary: Layla organized a party. Layla sends photos from the party to Tom, Kate, Gwyneth and Audrey. 
Dialogue: Gwen: can Carla sleep at us tonight?
Mandy: sure, no pro
Gwen: thx sis!
Summary: Mandy agrees to put Carla up at their place tonight.
Dialogue: Pascal: The school has just called me.
Wendy: Oh no, again!?
Pascal: yes, and again the same.
Wendy: How embarrassing.
Pascal: Oh, yes, believe me. This time they were not that understanding any more.
Wendy: Did he got into a fight again with somebody?
Pascal: Worse.
Wendy: What can be worse.
Pascal: The teacher said he was groping girls.
Wendy: No!!!! What's wrong with him???
Pascal: I have no idea.
Wendy: I'm afraid our methods don't work.
Pascal: They also said that if it happens again, we may have to look for a new school.
Wendy: I understand, this is serious. Is our son becoming some kind of disgusting pervert?
Pascal: We cannot think like this. I think he is troubled and he needs help.
Wendy: You're right. I just can't relate any more. It's horrible.
Pascal: We'll go together through this.
Summary: Wendy and Pascal's son has trouble at school. He was accused of groping girls. If it happens again, he might get expelled. Pascal thinks their son needs help.
Dialogue: Roman: have you hear of the keto diet?
Bert: yeah, i'm actually on it
Roman: you are?!?!?
Roman: i thought you might be
Bert: it's pretty cool
Roman: i want to try it but i have a couple of questions
Bert: shoot
Roman: what kind of food can you eat?
Bert: lots of fats, no carbs
Roman: is it easy to follow?
Bert: yeah, you get to eat a lot actually, and that prevents you from being hungry all the time
Roman: you know what? i have a lot of questions, maybe text is not the best way to ask them
Roman: can we meet to talk about it?
Bert: sure, I'll be at the gym on sycamore st tonight
Bert: meet me there and i'll tell you all about it
Roman: thanks!!!
Summary: Bert is on keto diet. Roman wants to try it. Bert eats a lot of fat, but no carbohydrates. Tonight Bert will meet Roman at the gym on Sycamore street to talk about the diet.
Dialogue: Lee: So, not a fan of democracy, then? Well, I've heard Russia is great time this of year!
Jo: It is actually! :) Lee, democracy is not perfect system! Take Brazil as an example! Chaos!!!\
Lee: Would you like to propose a better system then? 
Jo: Yes - a republican, representative electoral system. 
Lee: Why is it so?
Jo: One there is minus the House of Lords. 
Lee: Anything else?
Jo: And one where voters take responsibility for founding out facts and standing by the decisions they make would be a great start.
Lee: What you've just described is the way the referendum was organised. 
Jo: Exactly.
Lee: So let's respect the will of majority, ok?
Jo: I don't agree with it nor i have to like it.
Lee: That's your right to have your own opinion. 
Summary: Lee and Jo discuss democracy. Jo prefers a republican system, he doesn't agree with the referendum.
Dialogue: Philip: Jazz is really beautiful.
Veronica: It is indeed.
Philip: I love findings like this:
Philip: <file_other>
Philip: There is this hidden shelf on youtube with great covers.
Philip: People who start jazz bands record covers of famous songs. Sometimes low level pop can be transformed into really outstanding jazz song.
Veronica: Wow wow wow.
Veronica: They sound great! 
Veronica: I love those songs you send me! I can always count on you!
Philip: I'm happy I made you smile :D
Summary: Veronica likes the jazz songs Phillip sent her.
Dialogue: Becky: Hey! I just finished watching Stranger Things
Jake: Finally! What do you think?
Becky: Uhm...
Jake: Oh no, don't tell me
Becky: I'm sorry Jake but I didn't like it
Jake: But have you watched the whole thing?
Becky: You mean both seasons? No
Jake: Why? Watch it until the end
Becky: I started the second season, but it's even worse, really
Becky: I agree it's really well done and all, but I think it's not for me
Jake: Are you kidding me? It's awesome! The atmosphere, the vibe, music, actors, story
Becky: Idk Jake, I think it's maybe the kids? I can't relate to them, I'd rather watch something with adults, I can't care about the adventures of teenagers or children even
Jake: I don't think it matters that much, the story's great
Becky: Maybe, I just don't feel, I barely watched the first season
Summary: Becky didn't like Stranger Things.
Dialogue: Mike: Hi.
Mike: Did you hear that Jawie was arrested yesterday?
Hariet: Hi.
Hariet: Really? On what charges?
Mike: Drunk driving.
Hariet: Ooh..
Hariet: But I thought he had quit drinking.
Mike: 😂😂
Mike: The dude is married to alcohol.
Hariet: 😂😂
Hariet: But I hope he gets out soon.
Mike: Yeah.
Hariet: Let's hope for the best.
Summary: Jawie was arrested yesterday for driving under the influence of alcohol. He has an alcohol problem.
Dialogue: Serena: I need coffee!
Chloe: LOL, me too.
Serena: Why did we go to this club, WHY?
Chloe: It's seemed like a good plan at the time.
Serena: I hate this. I hate myself. I hate everyone.
Chloe: I put my lenses backwards this morning...
Serena: LOL
Chloe: and only realized it 15 minutes later. 
Serena: Stop it!
Chloe: everything was blurred, but I didn't notice hahaha. When I tripped over my dog I realized sth was not right.
Serena: I love you.
Chloe: I'm never drinking again.
Serena: It's decided.
Chloe: I'm srlsy not gonna make through this day.
Serena: Stay strong! Drink some coffee and just turn on the standby mode. 
Chloe: There's no modes anymore, Serena... There's only darkness and despair.
Serena: LOL
Summary: Serena and Chloe have a hangover.
Dialogue: Adam: Do u have a map of Paris?
Tom: Yes, Why? A trip?
Adam: No, it's for Lisa and her mum.
Summary: Tom has a map of Paris.
Dialogue: Audrey: Check this out!
Peter: Already seen it, so funny!
Audrey: Your the meme king ahahah you always come first!
Peter: ahaha true!
Summary: Peter always beats Audrey with checking funny memes. 
Dialogue: Avery: My phone is not being charged properly 
David: Ok i will bring it with me to get it repaired tomorrow
Avery: Thats what I was expecting from you :)
Summary: Avery's phone cannot be charged properly, so David will have it repaired tomorrow.
Dialogue: Katya: I'm upstairs 
Jenny: ok, we're coming
Matilda: with the cake!
Katya: lovely!
Summary: Katya is upstairs. Jenny and Matilda are coming with a cake.
Dialogue: Daniel: hmm i think it's time to buy a new hard drive :D
Isaac: oh rly?
Daniel: yeah rly :D
Daniel: just ran hdtune again and the amount of errors has now far exceeded the threshhold XD
Daniel: compared to last measurement from the log it's really bad :d
Isaac: nah it's fine
Isaac: it's only what, 10 years old now?
Daniel: hmm
Daniel: more like 15 :D
Isaac: np
Daniel: i read that the prices for ssd drives have dropped a lot
Daniel: and they will continue to drop into the next year
Daniel: so maybe it's a good time? :D
Isaac: tbh i also need to think about this
Isaac: i can hear my disk running from the other side of the house :D
Isaac: it's not a good sign, right? :d
Daniel: yeah i guess it isn't :D
Summary: Daniel has to buy a new hard drive. Isaac is also thinking about buying a new hard drive, because the one he has now is too loud. Moreover, the prices for ssd drives have dropped. 
Dialogue: Tom: Have you seen dr Baraglio?
Peter: No, I don't think he works with us any more
Tom: Shit! I lent him something
Peter: write him an email
Summary: Dr Baraglio doesn't work with Tom and Peter any more. This is unfortunate for Tom, because he lent him something.
Dialogue: Anne: Baby I can't go out tonight
Jimmy: whyyyy? :(
Anne: I think it's stomach flu
Jimmy: OMG NOOOOOOOOOOO
Anne: yes
Anne: I'm in pain
Jimmy: poor baby
Anne: :(
Jimmy: Can I do sth for you? Come by and take care of you?
Anne: Ugh, no, it's ugly
Anne: if you know what I mean
Jimmy: <3 I'm very sorry
Jimmy: and so is going to be Betty
Anne: I know wish her happy birthday for me
Jimmy: :* I will
Summary: Anne can't come to Betty's birthday party because of stomach flu.
