Dialogue: Jess: I am so mad!!!!!!
Carla: what happened?
Jess: they postponed again
Carla: whooo
Jess: the construction crew!! I will never live in my own flat again
Carla: poor you :(
Jess: and living with my parents is no piece of cake either
Carla: I can imagine
Jess: I need to leave the house. Wanna go check out that new italian place?
Carla: Sure! I need an hour though, I'm in my sweats and all
Jess: Okay, I might be already drunk when you get there, sorry
Carla: <3
Jess: <3
Summary: Jess is staying with her parents as the construction crew is taking too long with her flat. She'll go to the Italian place with Carla.
Dialogue: Tigran: Dude, what did you do?
Michael: Me? What are you talking about?
Tigran: My sister told me!
Michael: What did she say?
Tigran:  she said you went in her room and took off your pants.
Michael: WHAT?!?!
Tigran: Yes, and she told me that you pushed her head on your cock and told her to suck it like her life depended on it.
Michael:  Is your sister doing drugs?
Tigran: From time to time.
Michael: I’m not so sure, I think she is completely out of her mind.
Michael: You know I would never do something like that.
Michael:  your sister is off limits for me.
Tigran: I would expect so!
Tigran: But I got really surprised by what she told me.
Michael: I guess she was so high that the hallucinations were taking over.
Tigran: Possible.
Michael: But I think your sister has an eye on me.
Michael: Do you mind if I do her?
Tigran: Be my guest.
Summary: Tigran's sister lied about having sex with Michael. She has a drug problem. Tigran doesn't mind Michael having sex with Tigran's sister.
Dialogue: Roy: I forgot to ask. What is the homework?
Amber: I’ll send you by email.
Roy: I would like to write something if you don’t mind.
Amber: I’m sending you an article. You can write a summary using your own words.
Roy: I see. The one about Saudi Arabia?
Amber: Yes.
Roy: You’ve been sending me a lot of stuff about Saudi Arabia recently. 
Amber: True… I’ll try to be more diverse ;-)
Summary: Amber will send Roy an article about Saudi Arabia.
Dialogue: David: Hi Jessica, congrats for graduating! How did it go?
Jessica: Thank you really much Dave, it went pretty good! I got  109 out of 110 😎
David: Well then once again: congrats! It seems you took it seriously, didn't ya?
Jessica: You bet I did!
Summary: Jessica got 109 out of 110 in her graduation.
Dialogue: Ayla: dear all... any plans for new years eve? :) :) :)
Ruth: haha
Ben: Wow Ayla :) Good question :)
Paul: If Ayla is asking about new year plans in - wait a sec - JULY... it means she's up to something :)
Ruth: okay Ayla, what's the plan?
Ayla: I love you guys, you know me sooo well :) so there is an awesome place in France... 
Ayla: <file_photo>
Ayla: <file_photo>
Ruth: omg I want to marry the landlord!
Ayla: I'm afraid he's already married :)
Ben: This looks fabulous well done Ayla ;) I'm in! Now, tell us the price, we still have time to rob a bank
Ayla: That's the best part :)
Summary: Ayla proposed to spend New Years Eve in France. Ruth and Ben like the idea.
Dialogue: Irene: at what time is the movie?
Fay: at 10
Irene: ok c ya there
Fay: see ya :) 
Summary: Fay and Irene will watch a movie together at 10.
Dialogue: Walter: Good morning, my little Puss! Just arrived home and wanted to say thank you for a lovely weekend!
Walter: <3 <3 <3
Wendy: Morning Bear! yeah, it was good...
Walter: to say the least
Wendy: and too short
Walter: weekends should be 5 days long
Wendy: and then 2 days off
Walter: before going on holiday
Wendy: of 2 months
Walter: every half a year
Wendy: provided the other half is free
Walter: and fully paid for
Wendy: plus a holiday premium
Walter: and reimbursement of travel expenses
Wendy: not to mention a decent pension plan
Walter: starting at 40
Wendy: and full medical cover
Walter: for private patients
Wendy: and all their family members
Walter: with household pets
Wendy: giving up
Walter: but you've won anyway
Wendy: <3
Summary: Walter and Wendy spent a weekend together. They had a lot of fun.
Dialogue: Richard: Hello, I wanted to ask you about an X-cell project.
Helen: Yes, what about it?
Richard: Sue said I can join, if you agree.
Helen: Oh, did she? I mean, you can, I still need a few people, but you need to prepare a short presentation.
Richard: Ok, how should it look like?
Helen: I’ll send an email with all the details.
Richard: When do you want do get it?
Helen: ASAP, Tuesday at the latest.
Richard: Right, it won’t be easy, but I think I’ll manage!
Helen: Well, you have to, if you want to participate ;) But it’s not anything complex, I’m sure you will make it :)
Richard: I hope so, I’m really looking forward to it! My team is getting kind of boring recently ;/
Helen: I’ll pretend I didn’t read that message ;)
Richard: Oh, you’re right, I’m sorry. Anyway, is there a lot of work left?
Helen: Actually yes, if I decide to let you in, I’ll also give you a function in our team, everyone has a slightly different one.
Richard: Sounds great! Waiting for the details then!
Helen: You’ll get them in the evening, I promise. Just let me know you actually receive it.
Richard: Of course :)
Helen: My gmail is not working properly these days.
Richard: No problem, will notify you here immediately :D
Summary: Richard would like to participate in the X-cell project. To do so, he must prepare a presentation until Tuesday. Helen will send Richard an e-mail with the details in the evening. Richard will let Helen know when he gets it. If Richard gets in, he will be assigned a specific function.
Dialogue: Mia: Hi babes, you ok?
Alex: Yeah, bit bored tbh.you up to much?
Mia: Nah, mucking around on Insta, you know.
Alex: Yeah, seen your latest. Looking fiiine, girl!
Mia: Yeah, brows are actually looking pretty good. I've been contouring too!
Alex: Yeh, it shows. You'll have to do a YouTube video!
Mia: Oh, why not?! Come over later!
Alex: OK, come after tea, 7ish. See ya later!
Mia: Love ya!
Summary: Alex will come over to Mia's around 7.
Dialogue: Hanna: heyyy
Emma: heyyyoo
Hanna: whats upp :)
Emma: Not so much! just watching youtube hah 
Hanna: oh yea what u watching?
Emma: Jake Paul lol
Hanna: ahh you like him??
Emma: ehh kinda but I watched Shawn Dawson video on him and I loved it so I thought I give him a try lol 
Hanna: ahh yes I watched those to it was soo good I really liked it 
Emma: did you watch the jeffery star one? 
Hanna: gurrll
Emma: hahah
Hanna: yes I watched it its crazy how much money that guy has haha
Emma: rigghhhttt thats what I was saying I didn't think he was that rich haha :P
Hanna: me either! XDD
Summary: Emma is watching Jake Paul on youtube because she liked Shawn Dawson's video on him. Hanna also liked Shawn's videos, e.g., about Jeffree Star, who is surprisingly rich.
Dialogue: Tim: Hey Ashley! How are you? :)
Ashley: Tim! Nice to hear from you! I'm doing well. I am living in Warsaw now and focused mostly on work, Spanish and exercising. But I'm not excited for the winter coming. How about you? How are you?
Tim: Haha yeah, I feel you with the cold weather
Tim: But I thought you were living in Chicago
Tim: How's Warsaw?
Ashley: Ha, no, I'm in Poland now
Ashley: Everything is good. But I am thinking about moving somewhere else in the future too.
Tim: Ok nice. Well  I did want to talk to you about something. Let me know when you have a minute to talk on the phone.
Ashley: Ah ok. Hmm, I'll be available in about 30 minutes. Is that ok?
Tim: I won't be available then. It doesn't have to be right away, some time this week would work.
Ashley: Alright, then Wednesdays work the best for me, I am free basically all day. 
Tim: Alright cool, I'll reach out on Wednesday then, around noon?
Ashley: Yup, that works. Talk to you soon.
Summary: Ashley is temporarily living in Warsaw. She stays busy and doesn't like the cold. Tim will call her on Wednesday around noon.
Dialogue: Frank: Hey, Vicky
Frank: I have to ask you: what was all this fuss today during family dinner?
Vicky: Ehh. Waste of time even talking about it.
Vicky: Our mother has tendency to publicly show dissapproval for any of my decisions and ideas.
Vicky: So when I told her, that I want to leave counry and study abroad, she started criticize me badly.
Vicky: At first I was calm, but when dad was being supportive, she started to diss him.
Vicky: So I told her she was unfair towards Dad
Vicky: And the argument was born...
Frank: Damn...
Frank: Sometimes I think our parents are aliens.
Frank: That came from space long time ago, adopted us, raised us as they read in a book, but when we grew up, they're afraid that we could uncover their secret :D
Vicky: Hahaha :D
Vicky: Aliens. Maybe. Sometimes they behave like they came from different planet.
Frank: That is so great in people. Everybody is so different. 
Frank: And despite these differences, people attract each other and decide to spend their lives together.
Vicky: Uhmm.
Frank: I should make a podcast
Frank: "Me and my alien parents"
Frank: I would get 100 000 subscribers in no time, describing our life with these two :D
Vicky: Hahahaha. You've already made my day brighter. Thanks.
Frank: Always at your service :D
Summary: Vicky was criticized by her mother during family dinner today even though Vicky's father supported her decisions. Vicky's brother Frank makes her feel better.
Dialogue: Artiom: i'm too bad
Alex: can i do sth for u?
Artiom:  hope so!
Alex: do you want to talk?
Artiom: no
Alex: ho ho!
Artiom: shut up
Alex: ok, you're the boss.
Artiom: they made me cry last evening
Alex: really?
Artiom: just because of Eden
Alex: do you want me to go and hit him?
Artiom: give up. He's a dud
Alex: ok
Summary: Artiom cried last night because of Eden. 
Dialogue: Wallis: how was your date?
Lisa: Which one? ;)
Wallis: last time we talked you were going on a date with some guy from OKCupid
Lisa: you have to be more specific
Wallis: he was into jazz I think
Lisa: it was Samuel
Lisa: after Samuel I went on a date with Robert
Wallis: what was wrong with Samuel?
Lisa: nothing
Wallis: so why did you go on a date with someone new?
Lisa: it's safe to never assume that there will be second date
Lisa: so it is not cheating
Wallis: to me it sounds strange but maybe that's how it works
Lisa: I think it's different than dating two people that you already know
Lisa: when you ask someone you already know, there's some emotional attachement already
Wallis: I don't know if it really works
Lisa: and the odds are different
Wallis: most couples meet each other thanks to mutual friends
Lisa: true, but it's hard when all your friends are taken
Wallis: so I assume your dates haven't traumatized you ;)
Lisa: Samuel was nice
Lisa: but I don't know if he liked me
Wallis: how so?
Lisa: I mean, he was nice but nothing exciting happened
Wallis: you mean you didn't like him
Lisa: it's just Robert made greater impression on me
Wallis: should I keep track on those names or there is no point in doing so? ;)
Lisa: don't bother untill I'll reach the third date with someone
Wallis: three is a charm ;)
Lisa: <file_gif>
Summary: Lisa has been on two dates recently with different guys. 
