Dialogue: Tom: Hi, how's your grandma? Is she feeling any better?
Gregory: Thank you, Tom, she'd doing better, she's come back home for now.
Tom: How long has she been in hospital?
Gregory: Three weeks... But she's better now and we hope she won't have to go back to hospital.
Tom: That's great news. 
Gregory: Yeah, I was really worried...
Tom: I can imagine... :( When my grandpa got sick and went to the hospital I was a wreck.
Gregory: Yeah, nothing can prepare you for seeing your loved ones suffer.
Tom: Yeah, and the feeling that there's nothing you can do to help them, right?
Gregory: Absolutely... That's why I have always wanted to be a doctor.
Tom: Really? I never knew that.
Gregory: Yeah, it's been a dream of mine since I can remember.
Tom: So what happened?
Gregory: Life happened... :D Mary got pregnant so young I had to get a job, I couldn't afford expensive and long education...
Tom: Oh, right, but you can always go back to that plan.
Gregory: Yeah, sky is the limit, right? I'm not sure though... ;) 
Summary: Gregory's grandma spent 3 weeks in hospital, but she's better now and she's back home. Gregory has always wanted to be a doctor, but Mary got pregnant young, and he needed to get a job, so he wasn't able to study medicine.
Dialogue: Finn: Tell me a secret
William: I’m Batman. Your turn
Finn: Obama is my daddy. You again
William: I’d never heard of Germany before I met you, I didn’t know where it is. And although I have been to Africa before, I am still quite nervous to visit
Finn: It's close to Africa
William: My map says it’s in central Africa. Near Congo. I’ll try to come, but Africa is a long way. 
Finn: On foot, yes. But not when you take advantage of Mario.
William: You’re a funny bunny. 
Finn: How many horses do you have?
William: Around 20. But my favourite one died last year.
Finn: I thought Mario was your fav.
William: I love Mario but his best friend was beautiful. A truly amazing horse. With his own personality. He was a loner, but Mario was his best friend. He ignored all other horses. He died peacefully next to Mario. They were together
Summary: William and Finn play telling secrets, e.g.: William is Batman, Obama is Finn's daddy, William'd never heard of Germany before he met Finn. William's been to Africa before, but is nervous about visiting it. William has about 20 horses, his favorite one died last year. He loved his horse Mario too.
Dialogue: Gael: Hey, I'm not quite sure which video we should use for the lesson today
Gael: There is quite a lot to choose from, but some may not be as relevant
Gael: What's your opinion?
Radcliff: Hmm.. I'm not sure either, maybe we could do some brainstorming..
Gael: Good idea! I have a few steps listed already..
Radcliff: We can improvise, let's have a think about it 
Gael: Actually the last time I did this kind of class, it went very well, and most of the information we had was all improvised :)
Radcliff: I'm sure it will be ok with a few improvised moves, it's just the first lesson anyway 💃
Gael: I'll bring along my notes and we can meet up in the area by the wooden flooring
Gael: It's a really good spot with an ample amount of space :)
Radcliff: Do you mean the one which is on the left when you arrive by the pond?
Gael: Yes that's it ;)
Radcliff: Ok :)
Gael: Send me a text when you leave home 👍
Gael: Oh, can you please bring along the extra pair of shoes, Mandy is probably coming too
Gael: She arrived yesterday :)
Radcliff: Ok, will do ;)
Radcliff: Good luck with all the meetings today 😛
Gael: 😒
Summary: Gael and Radcliff have their first dance lesson today. They have to decide which video to use. Radcliff will bring an extra pair of shoes for Mandy who will probably also join them.
Dialogue: Fausto: Babe, are you free tonight?
Emma: Yeah. What's up?
Fausto: I want to take you out tonight! 
Emma: Aw.. You're too cute. What's the occasion?
Fausto: Don't need one to take out my lady love.
Emma: Omg you are the cutest. What time should I be free?
Fausto: Say around 8? 
Emma: Okay! What style of dress?
Fausto: Elegant! You shouldn't have any trouble with that.
Emma: Omg stop. Alright, I'll be ready!
Summary: Fausto wants to take Emma out tonight at 8.  
Dialogue: Karen: Where'd you buy this dress you had at the wedding?
Samara: Oh, from an online shop
Samara: Hold on
Samara: <file_other>
Samara: That's the one
Karen: Wow thanks
Samara: Youre welcome!
Karen: Oooh, they have some neat stuff there
Samara: Yeah, I was so happy when i disovered it
Samara: There's few places where I shop regularly, most of the time I'm kind of all over the place
Karen: Same here
Samara: But I've already bought several skirts and blouses from this shop too, so I'll probably become a more frequent customer ;)
Summary: Samara bought the dress she had at the wedding in an online shop and she was happy when she discovered it.
Dialogue: Juanita: I saw you on TV!😍
Trey: (*^0^*)(*^0^*)Hehe...did you?(*^0^*)
Juanita: You looked so cool. I didn't know you sing that well11111 (^<^) (^.^)
Trey: Thanks. 
Trey: I didn't expect you would watch that program.
Juanita: Why didn’t you even let me know?
Juanita: All of our family members watched TV together.😍😍
Juanita: I was so proud of you! (^^ゞ
Summary: Juanita saw Trey singing on a TV show.
Dialogue: Yuki: did you see the cast for new GITS?
Nobu: yes
Nobu: wtf
Sasuke: what's up with GITS cast?
Yuki: Scarlett Johansson is in there
Nobu: this is ridiculous
Sasuke: she is not bad maybe she won't screw it up
Yuki: she's there just because there are nude scenes
Nobu: as fap material it's nice, but it's a travesty
Yuki: lol
Yuki: you're a curious mix of a pervert and a snob
Sasuke: but GITS isn't explicitly set in Japan
Nobu: thank you
Nobu: c'mon dude you cannot possibly defend whitewashing
Yuki: she's not a good actress
Yuki: I doubt she'll manage
Sasuke: if it's not a real world, then it's not whitewashing 
Sasuke: but don't u think it gives white actors some kind of privilege?
Nobu: excellent question Yuki
Nobu: I can't tell if it's white privilege or rocking-tits privilege
Sasuke: lol
Yuki: <file_photo>
Yuki: I heard she did breat reduction surgery because she couldn't stand being objectified
Nobu: that's sad
Sasuke: I heard that operation lowers your chances of nipple orgasm
Nobu: I had no idea 
Yuki: damn, she must have really hated the press she had been receiving
Nobu: :c
Summary: Yuki, Nobu and Sasuke discuss the new GITS cast, which includes Scarlett Johansson. 
Dialogue: April: <file_photo>
Helen: OMG - what happened to you?
April: killer workout
Helen: oh girl... where did you go to?
April: nowhere, i did it at home today
Helen: nice! Fit for life! :D
April: i got this new dvd with trainings, it is so awesome
Helen: you need to borrow it to me then
April: like you are gonna work out hahaha
Helen: come on!! I am trying to get back into exercises!!
April: with weights made out of wine bottles and chocolate?
Helen: hahaha... you know me too well :D
April: but seriously, you can come over some time and we can exercise together
Helen: i won't keep up with you, EVER
April: you don't need to keep up with me, you can do it at your own pace
Helen: <file_gif>
April: hahaha maybe a little more effort than this :D
Helen: i will consider :)
Summary: Helen will consider coming over April's and working out together.
Dialogue: Claire: hi honey
Mark: hi
Claire: what are you doing?
Mark: fifa
Claire: could you stop?
Mark: why?
Claire: i need you today
Mark: ???
Claire: i'm alone
Claire: and i have a problem
Claire: in my bedroom
Mark: what happened?
Claire: could you come here?
Claire: i have a spider in my room
Mark: hahahaha
Mark: so i will be your superhero!
Mark: i'm coming :D
Summary: Claire wants Mark to come to her today, beacuse there is a spider in her room.
Dialogue: Jules: Anyone has my sociology book?
Cameron: I had it, I mean I borrowed it, but passed it on
Elon: To me:D
Jules: either way, I need it back, like asap 
Elon: hm, I can meet you up somewhere on the subway line, sounds good? 
Jules: Sure, Centre, in 30 min
Summary: Jules needs her sociology book as soon as possible. Elon will give it back to her. They will meet up at the Centre subway line in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Sarah: did you see the chase last night
Larry: I love the chase
Sarah: Bradley Walsh I love him 💖 he is so funny
Larry: he is proper talented you know
Sarah: yes wasn't he in Coronation Street once?
Larry: yes that was ages ago he owned the knicker factory
Sarah: did he have an affair with Deirdre Barlow?
Larry: lol no... that was Mike Baldwin
Sarah: oh yeah lol
Larry: no he was with the comedienne damn I cant remember her name
Sarah: that will drive you mad now all night
Larry: I bloody know it will
Sarah: hes a good singer though isn't he
Larry: yes he is
Sarah: apparently Ann Hegarty is going into the jungle
Larry: nooooo😲
Sarah: so they say
Larry: that will be worth watching she will scare all the critters lol
Sarah: yes she will.. I recon it will be good this year
Larry: well Holly Willoughby is taking over this year from Ant so that in itself should be worth watching
Sarah: yes I cant wait for it to start this year
Summary: Sarah and Larry like to watch "The Chase". They have much appreciation for Bradley Walsh, who also featured in "Coronation Street". There is a rumour that Ann Hegarty will take part in "I'm a Celebrity... Get me out of Here!". Larry and Sarah are impatient to watch it.
Dialogue: Matilda: OMG, what did he do this time?!!!
Max: he peed on our bed :(
Matilda: this dog is pure evil, I tell you
Matilda: <file_gif>
Summary: The dog peed on Matilda's and Max's bed. 
Dialogue: Mike: Hey guys, have u seen the last episode of Narcos?
Kate: Nope, I don’t watch it
Tom: Yep! I liked it very much!
Chris: It’s a kind of show where good people get hurt and bad guys do really bad things
Kate: Just like in the real life 😉 
Summary: Mike, Tom, Kate and Chris are discussing Narcos.
Dialogue: Carlos: I'll be in late
Carlos: cover for me please
Irene: sure no prob
Irene: the boss will be in at 10:30
Carlos: great I should be in by then
Irene: ok, do you have nay meetings?
Carlos: no just pick up the phone and say i'm in a meeting
Irene: sure no problem
Summary: Carlos will be late. The boss will be in at 10:30. Carlos should arrive there until then. 
Dialogue: Victoria: My brother told me he voted out, what a dick :/
Daniel: Hm, I'm not surprised to be honest
Emily: Uhm, isn't he aware that you work abroad
Victoria: Well, apparently he's not interested in my future - unless he can really fuck it up :/
Will: My parents voted out as well, I don't get it
Daniel: And look what happens, we're like a crazy cat waiting in front of an open door not knowing if we should get out or no
Emily: Don't even get me started on this, most of my friends didn't even know what EU is
Will: Jesus, people are so dumb
Victoria: My brother still doesn't understand "what this is all about"
Summary: Victoria's brother and Will's parents voted in favor of Brexit. 
Dialogue: Magda: So what's up? Are they marching peacefully?
Piotr: From what I heard, yea :P
Magda: Are you going to that party through the city center?
Piotr: I don't know yet, I have to agree with a friend
Magda: Aha
Piotr: But I think we will go around anyway
Magda: That is good
Piotr: And what did they say on the news? Are they fighting with the police already?
Magda: There were no excesses for now, they only burned a few flags
Piotr: Cool. It can't be a Polish party without a few burnt flags :)
Magda: For me patriotism is an overused word. Instead of whatever this march cost, they could have built some library or a public object...
Piotr: Why have a library when you can have people marching the street and having fun
Magda: It is so embarrassing. But it is the same, every year
Piotr: Adults participating I can even understand, but young people or families with children? It makes no sense
Magda: It is basically asking for something to happen to them
Piotr: I don't think anything will "happen", but it is brainwashing since young age...
Magda: Supposedly Antifa also had a march. What a circus
Piotr: People are bored and stupid
Magda: I can't wait for this day to end. I always get upset
Piotr: That is why I don't read the news for a few days before and after :)
Summary: Magda and Piotr are discussing a march in Poland. Piotr has to go through the city centre where the march is taking place. The march has been peaceful so far. Piotr and Magda are upset by the march.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Are you going to stay till late tomorrow?
Nick: don't know
Nick: sorry, I can't tell you now.
Nick: you expect to much :P
Rebecca: :)
Nick: let's say I will
Rebecca: are you going to stay with them till 5 am
Rebecca: ;)
Nick: No, 2am max 
Nick: maaaaaaax
Rebecca: and that's what I call an answer :D
Nick: oh, so yeah i am then ;D
Rebecca: <file_other>
Nick: <file_gif>
Summary: Nick will stay until 2 am with some people tomorrow.
Dialogue: Reid: has pollard lost his job?
Lennon: I dont know mate has he?
Reid: thats what I heard what will he do?
Lennon: prob sit on his arse😂😂😂
Reid: well yes and that
Lennon: where you hear that anyway?
Reid: my mate works at his place
Lennon: oh is it
Reid: yh, says its closing down at the end of the month
Lennon: he will be ok anyways hes always getting job offers
Reid: yh I spose he is pretty good on the job front
Lennon: that bloke from the garage spoke to him last week abut starting with them he might do that
Reid: that would be good he could get our cars done cheap
Lennon: good shout mate
Summary: Pollard lost his job. His work place is closing at the end of the month. 
Dialogue: Ben: Are we playing today?
Jim: I will come online around 20, the rest of you guys?
Mark: I won't play today :/
Jim: Ken?
Ken: Coming, coming :)
Summary: Ben, Jim and Ken are playing today at 8 pm. Mark isn't.
Dialogue: Sophie: Quick question
Lizzy: Yeah?
Sophie: <file_other>
Sophie: Do you think Mom will be happy to get that?
Lizzy: Jesus! Yes of course. That is your best idea since forever!!!
Sophie: Haha. Thanks!
Summary: Lizzy likes Sophie's idea for a gift for Mom.
Dialogue: Ava: Billy dear! I'm such a scatterbrain. Could you please check if I've emptied the deep freeze.
Billy: D'you mean the deep freeze in the basement?
Ava: No. The compartment in the fridge. In the kitchen. I've put it on defrost but can't remember if I'd taken everything out.
Billy: Just a mo.
Billy: There's one pizza in it. Still frozen.
Ava: Just have it. I'm sure it's in perfect condition. Thank you so much!
Billy: Ta! A Sunday treat for me then :)) Where are you?
Ava: At the airport. And of course out flight is delayed. By now only 20 mins :(
Billy: Be happy that it's not cancelled.
Ava: Still open to this development. George is already grumpy like an old woman.
Billy: No worries. He'll perk up after the first drink on board.
Ava: If we ever get there! "Your delay is 40 minutes". I hate it!
Billy: Look, I have saved your fridge and my pizza. Sooner or later you'll be there. Cheer up! 
Ava: You are right. I'd better go and have a drink with my beloved husband NOW.
Billy: Have a short wait and a good flight!
Ava: Ta!
Summary: Billy checked the deep freeze on Ava's request, and found pizza in it. Ava told him to have it. Ava and George's flight is delayed for 40 minutes and it makes them angry. Therefore, Ava and George are going to have a drink.
Dialogue: Gina: You & me swimming pool today?
Rose: Sorry, babe, got my period :( I’m dying…
Gina: :(
Gina: Do you need anything? Soup? Tea? Blanket? Good company?
Rose: <3 Thank you but I’d rather die alone :D
Gina: How about a period playlist on Spotify?
Rose: Are you kiddin me? You have one? Gimme!
Gina: <other_file>
Rose: This is perfect! All Ed Sheeran songs hahahah Luv ya!
Summary: Rose got her period so she cannot swim. Gina shared with Rose her period playlist on Spotify.
Dialogue: Kevin: When are you going?
Yannick: Where?
Kevin: To the mall
Kevin: With mom 
Yannick: I am waiting for her
Yannick: She's still upstairs
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: I might go for a walk with the dog
Yannick: Ok She is coming dstairs
Kevin: K i will be back soon
Kevin: What u guys buying?
Yannick: Idk
Summary: Yannick is going to the mall with mom soon, while Kevin might take the dog for a walk.
Dialogue: May: Have you bought a gift or flowers for Mum?
Jane: No, why
Theo: It's Mother's Day Jane!
May: I got her her favourite perfumes, just fyi
Jane: thanks for the heads up!
Summary: May bought perfume for her mother.
Dialogue: Lucia: I need my hair cut.
Lucia: When can I come? I've got some time on Thursday and Friday.
Eric: Lucia! My dear!
Eric: Are you sure? After all, you had your hairstyle done a week ago.
Eric: What's the matter? Don't you like it?
Lucia: I like it very much and I regret to lose it.
Lucia: But I'm changing the job and my hair must be shorter...
Eric: I see. You'll tell me everything in detail once you're here, in my beauty salon.
Eric: I suggest Friday at 3 p.m. Is it fine for you?
Lucia: Sure, perfect.
Eric: Fantastic, have a nice day then.
Lucia: Thanks, bye.
Summary: Lucia needs a new hairstyle due to a change of work and she makes an appointment with Eric for Friday 3 p.m.
Dialogue: Peter: Booked tickets for Spiderman, fancy coming?
Kate: Hell yeah! Thanks! Is Joanna joining us?
Peter: Not today, she's working late :/
Kate: Bummer. What time then?
Peter: See you at 6! :)
Summary: Peter and Kate are going to the cinema to see Spiderman. They will meet at 6.
Dialogue: Peter: Pat, are you having the presentation tomorrow?
Pat: yes, at 11
Ben: great, I'll come over
Peter: me too
Manuel: And have you already talked to Jim?
Pat: Yes, I did
Manuel: will you get a rise?
Pat: I'm not sure
Manuel: you should
Pat: he said I will get a new post
Manuel: I think it's a natural course of action
Pat: but maybe I'll get 50 Euro rise?
Manuel: that would be insolent
Pat: I'll quit then
Summary: Pat is having the presentation tomorrow at 11. Ben and Peter will come to see it. Pat is not sure if she will get a pay rise, but she will get a new post. 
Dialogue: Andrea: you can park the car in the free sloth in from of the building, don't leave the car there
Nancy: oh, thanks, so you can see us?
Andrea: sure, from my window
Ronald: ok, I will move the car, thanks
Summary: Ronald and Nancy will park their car somewhere else on Andrea's request.
Dialogue: Max: You played really well today
Ben: I wish I played even better
Max: Don't be so modest 
Summary: Max reckons Ben played well today but Ben wishes he played better.
Dialogue: Danny: Hey...
Hilary: :) ciao!
Danny: Have you heard from Jake?
Hilary: He's in a hospital...
Danny: What???
Jason: I've just came back from the hospital.
Hilary: ?
Danny: Why did't you tell me?!
Jason: Well, I figured out that something was wrong in the afternoon, he didn't texted me for few hours... Then, they called me from ER.
Hilary: Poor thing... It must've been shocking for you!
Jason: I was terrified. He fainted on his way home.
Danny: Da fuck! What happened?
Jason: Apparently, he had some kind of metabolic disorder... 
Hilary: Diabetes?
Jason: Nope, I don't remember the name, something with sugar intake, but not diabetes.
Danny: Is it serious?
Hilary: When he can go home?
Jason: Well, he just needs to follow a special diet and he can't skip the meals.
Danny: He must be devastated, he lives off McDonalds and KFC.
Hilary: I told him million times he needs to  change his food habits. 
Danny: When he can go home?
Jason: IDK, in a couple of days, he needs to get some other check-ups.
Hilary: I hope not gastroscopy... I did it once and it was horrible.
Hilary: <file_gif>
Summary: Jake fainted on his way home and he is in the hospital. Jason visited him after ER called him. Jake had some metabolic disorder related with sugar intake and he needs to change his food habits. He will go home in a couple of days after some other check-ups.
Dialogue: Addison: Look how cute these stickers are: <file_photo>
Miles: I hope you didn't buy them?
Miles: Did you?
Addison: Sorry, babe, they are too cute, I coudn't resist myself.
Miles: We talked about this! You know that Jojo is going to stick them to the walls, on the furniture and so on...
Addison: Oh, come on, I'll remove them, if she will. Don't be mad.
Addison: Jojo is gonna love them! <3
Miles: Ok, never mind, it doesn't matter what I think, does it?
Addison: Babe...!
Summary: Miles is mad at Addison because she bought stickers for Jojo. He's afraid Jojo will mess the house with them.
Dialogue: Stacy: Hi, I'm writing to you because my friend send me one of your pictures and I believe you have my scarf. I would like to get it back.
Barbara: Uhm, what?
Barbara: :/
Stacy: Two weeks ago we were at the same party, at Paco's.
Barbara: yeah, so what?
Stacy: At the party my scarf went missing.
Barbara: omg, "went missing", girl are you for real? :D
Stacy: I don't find this funny :/
Stacy: I wouldn't be so impolite if I were you. You should be happy I haven't called the police.
Barbara: Police?! bitch, are you insane?
Stacy: I'm insane?! You stole my scarf at the party, you even posted a selfie in it!
Barbara: It's my scarf, I bought it
Stacy: Yeah, interesting as I bought it in India.
Barbara: you crazy
Stacy: Oh jesus, how difficult can it be? Just give it back.
Barbara: give YOU back MY scarf? in your dreams
Stacy: :/ Ok, I see it's pointless. Just fyi I will let Paco know what amazing friends he has ;/
Summary: Stacy and Barbara were at Paco's party two weeks ago. Stacy's scarf from India went missing. Stacy is accusing Barbara of theft and will talk to Paco.
Dialogue: Karin: Do you have some nice pictures from yesterday
Karin: It was so nice
Karin: I hope everything went well at the doctor ❤️
Emilia: Hi Karin! Yes, thanks!
Emilia: <file_photo>
Emilia: <file_photo>
Karin: Thank you, they are lovely
Karin: So everything went well?
Emilia: Yes, very well, they are very nice doctors at the clinic I visited :)
Emilia: Thanks for a great lunch! I'm going to try and make the same recipe one of these days 😀
Emilia: I don't like going to the doctor, but it feels better once it's over, just a routine check ;)
Karin: That's good. Especially gynaecologists, you feel so vulnerable
Karin: I made the same patties yesterday and I offered a few to my neighbour who is renovating, he said "oh these are divine" 😊
Emilia: That's great :) Yes they were very tasty :)
Karin: Wish you a good day sweet Emilia, hugs x x
Emilia: And to you dear Karin, take care xx
Summary: Emilia was at the gynaecologist's yesterday and everything went well. 
Dialogue: Marie: Did you remeber about the bank?
Jon: I did.
Marie: No problems?
Jon: Let's talk at home. Ok?
Marie: So there were problems :-( Just as I had thought.
Jon: I'll tell you everything when I get home. Don't worry.
Summary: Jon tried to solve a problem at the bank. Marie is worried. They will talk at home about it. 
Dialogue: Tyler: alright lads who's going to be there on sunday?
Marley: me
Camden: im in
Robert: i cant come soz
Tyler: what do you mean cant
Tyler: whos gonna score all the goals then
Robert: not me :) count me in next week
Tyler: crap
Jordan: yea i'll be there coach
Jordan: unlike Robert, the cunt who cant
Marley: <file_gif>
Tyler: alright let's turn it down a notch
Tyler: Jack? Jordan? Rory?
Rory: i'll be there but jordan told me he wasnt sure he could
Tyler: perfect
Tyler: we're far too few at the moment and we've got an important game to play
Tyler: so you better find a way to make your pals show up
Tyler: or we're dealing with a walk over
Summary: Tyler, Marley and Camden are coming on Sunday. Robert can come next week. Rory will be there. Tyler wants Rory to make sure his pals show up. 
Dialogue: Miriam: Hey
Miriam: Do you want to do the Econ assignment together? 
Luke: I didn't know we have an assignment
Miriam: WE do
MIriam: For tomorrow
Luke: Shit i didnt know
Luke: I just got back from volleyball 
MIriam: Well I can probably come over and do it with u 
Luke: Sure... 
MIriam: U ok? 
Luke: Nahh nothing 
Luke: I just don't know if I have time to get it done by tmrw
MIriam: Thats fine I will help you with that
Luke: okay
Miriam: I will be there in an hour? 
Luke: Maybe at 9? 
Miriam: I can't later than 8
Luke: OKay come at 8 then 
Miriam: okay see ya then
Summary: Miriam wants to do the Econ assignment with Luke. The deadline for the assignment is tomorrow. Miriam will come to his place at 8.
Dialogue: Kelly: have you been going to the gym recently?
Greg: no i haven't :-/
Greg: i haven't been motivated at all
Kelly: right?!?? me neither!!!
Kelly: it's just better to get home from work, get on the couch, watch tv
Greg: we should motivate each other
Greg: after all we got the membership together
Greg: we're throwing away our money
Kelly: noooooooo
Kelly: don't make me feel guilty!!!!!!
Greg: come on, we need to get in shape!
Kelly: dude i'm tired when i get home from work
Kelly: the last thing i want to do is go to the gym
Greg: let's make a deal: we go only 3 days a week
Greg: 3 days?
Greg: Kelly? are you there?
Kelly: ok i'll do it
Summary: Kelly and Greg weren't going to the gym lately. Kelly watches TV after work. They got the gym membership together. They will go 3 days a week.
Dialogue: Michael: Amber, you don't look well.
Amber: Yes ! I had a fever last night
Michael: Have you seen doctor??
Amber: No , not yet.
Michael: Are you taking any home made remedies?.
Amber: yes I am.
Michael: But still you must go and see doctor
Amber: Yeah i will
Summary: Amber had a fever last night. She is taking home-made remedies. Amber hasn't seen the doctor yet, but she will. 
Dialogue: Hailey: What are we buying for Mark and Jenna?
Ava: idk, i have no idea
Ava: i googled out "gifts for newlyweds" and the internet recommended me embroidered pillowcases and a custom-label mason jar candle :/ do people rly buy this shit??
Hailey: How about an excursion? Check this out:
Hailey: <file_other>
Ava: looks great! and it's not that expensive
Ava: you know i'm always broke af :p
Hailey: :) So you agree? Are we buying this?
Ava: yeah, sure, this is a great idea
Ava: what would i do without you, Hailey :)
Summary: Hailey and Ava will buy an excursion for Mark and Jenna as their wedding present.
Dialogue: Ginnie: heeeeey did you ladies sign me on that list today?
Stacey: yep, I did it
Ginnie: thank you so much!!!!
Sonia: hey, where have you been?
Ginnie: I had to go cause the courier was waiting at my door with the package
Stacey: what package?
Ginnie: <file_photo>
Sonia: woooooow it's gorgeous!!!!!
Stacey: oh, it's this backpack you showed me, it's beautiful!!!
Stacey: and how's the fabric? is it solid?
Ginnie: yes, it's really solid and it's even prettier than I thought
Summary: Stacey signed Ginnie on the list. Ginnie wasn't there because she had a package to pick up.
Dialogue: Patrick: Please let Smith know that the 4ct ruby was sold. I’m looking for something new.
Patrick: And please contact Anderson. If he doesn’t make a new order in the next few weeks I would like to issue an invoice. We have been waiting way too long already.
Patrick: I’ve just sent you and Smith a few options of rubies.
Patrick: Let’s see what we can do.
Andy: This guy is really weird. You offered him this ruby 10 days ago and today he complains that he doesn’t have what to offer to his customer.
Andy: I followed up other requests but the customer of BM told him to try after Christmas.
Patrick: Ok
Patrick: I’ve just sent Smith more options
Patrick: Like 7 new stones.
Summary: Patrick asks Andy to contact a couple of clients regarding the sale of gemstones. Patrick will issue an invoice if no new orders are placed.
Dialogue: Justin: hey max, are you free right now?
Max: i am
Max: do you need anything?
Justin: i'm volunteering at the soup kitchen for the homeless and we need people to help out
Max: count me in, i'll be there in around 40 minutes
Summary: Justin is volunteering at the soup kitchen for the homeless. Max will be there to help out in around 40 minutes.
Dialogue: Nash: <file_other>
Raymond: that song is THE BOMB
Nash: i know, feeling the vibes already? :D
Raymond: we gonna hit the dance floor hard today
Nash: oh yeah, ladies beware!!
Raymond: hahahaha EXACTLY
Summary: Nash and Raymond are going to a party today.
Dialogue: Julius: I heard about your car :/
Julius: My condolences
Fred: Thanks :/
Fred: You know.. Shit happens.
Julius: How bad are the losses?
Fred: Probably the whole front needs repair.
Fred: Lamps, bumper, front tires.
Fred: I'm still waiting for the assessment of the losses.
Julius: Let me know when you learn how bad it is. 
Julius: If there's anything I can do to help you also let me know.
Fred: I could use some company and a bottle of vodka.
Julius: Haha. 
Fred: It wasn't a joke.
Julius: You free tonight?
Fred: Yes I am.
Julius: I'll be at your place at 8 :D
Fred: I'll make some beef then :D
Summary: Fred's car is broken badly. Julius will see Fred at his place at 8 tonight to cheer him up.
Dialogue: Al: Ben, I can't find my key to room 122
Ben: Oh
Al: I got into the classroom while you were leaving and probably put it on the desk just before you left. I only saw it was missing at the end of the class... can you check if you took both keys when you left the room?
Ben: Let me see
Al: Ok
Ben: Ouch, yeah, I just found your key in my pocket...
Al: That's ok, I'll just tell the janitor, they only have two keys
Ben: Ok, I'll be at the university tomorrow and will hand it back
Al: Ok, thanks
Ben: By the way, wanna drink a beer after work tomorrow? It's on me since all this trouble is my fault
Al: Fine for me! And we both made a mistake... but hey, if it's on you it's on you, haha!
Ben: Ok, see you tomorrow then
Al: Ok, bye
Summary: Al can't find a key to room 122. Ben accidentally took it. He'll bring it back to the university tomorrow.
Dialogue: George: once again, where are we meeting?
Matt: at the pub near Jerry’s
Jerry: yep, that’s the place
Summary: George, Matt and Jerry are meeting up at the pub near Jerry’s.
Dialogue: Emily: where are you?
Oliver: I'm at the movie theatre?
Emily: where?
Oliver: at the candy station
Emily: so am I but youre not here
Summary: Emily and Oliver have an appointment at the movie theatre. They both believe to be at the candy station but cannot find each other.
Dialogue: Kasia: We're in the group with the people from Connecticut?
Kim: seems so
Miles: oh no, they are so stupid
Kasia: I know
Summary: Kasia, Kim and Miles are in a group with the people from Connecticut.
Dialogue: Sue: Just tried Ikea vegan hot dog
Irene: and?
Sue: amazing! #veganismbitch
Mike: really? XD
Sue: <file_photo>
Summary: Sue ate vegan hot dog from Ikea and liked it.
Dialogue: Diana: Can I call U?
Peter: in 20 min, ok? 
Peter: working now...
Peter: or is it sth urgent?
Diana: kind of.. but can wait 20 min
Peter: good
Diana: :-) :*
Summary: Diana will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Ellen: We should have stayed in hotel, I hate it here
Bill: music is horrible, drinks expensive 😖
Donald: I'd say: 💩
Ellen: I can't even find you?
Donald: outside, under the huge umbrellas 
Ellen: Why did you move without waiting for me?
Bill: We thought you would spend eternity in the toilet 
Ellen: one can't rely on you bastards 
Summary: Ellen, Donald and Bill regret leaving the hotel as the new place is horrible. Ellen is additionally sorry they did not wait for her while she was in the toilet.
Dialogue: Eliza: Hey
Sammy: hi
Eliza: Could I borrow your copy of great gatsby?
Sammy: Sure I just need it back next semester cause I'm taking a class about the author
Eliza: Sure, I just need it for two weeks :) Thanks Sammy!
Sammy: I'll give it to you tomorrow during British lit is that okay?
Eliza: perfect
Sammy: :)
Summary: Eliza will borrow Sammy's copy of "Great Gatsby". She needs it back next semester as she's taking a class about its author, but Eliza needs it just for two weeks.
Dialogue: Bob: I my head my head is killing me
Michael: I am NEVER drinking again
Bob: <file_gif>
Michael: hahaha exactly
Bob: What was the last place we visited? before Marge puked and we decided to go?
Michael: Buenas nachos?
Bob: That's the one! I'm never drinking tequila again...
Summary: Bob and Michael got drunk last night. Last place they visited before Marge puked and they went home was called Buenas Nachos.
Dialogue: Gabriel: Can you suggest any nice music guys?
Gabriel: I have 5 hours on a train :( something good on spotify
Gabriel: HELP!
Beverly: What kind of music do you like?
Gabriel: Really depends on my mood
Madison: when I travel, I like calm and atmospheric music
Gabriel: Whatever, I'm really bored!
Gabriel: Give me some of your favourite albums or bands
Beverly: you can check out the full discography of Beach House or Radiohead
Madison: yeah, I'm in love with Radiohead too! 
Gabriel: Any particular album?
Madison: You should start with "OK Computer" or "In Rainbows"
Beverly: Have you ever been to a concert of Radiohead, I've heard they're amazing live
Madison: not yet :( But that's something I dream about
Beverly: maybe we could go together some day?
Madison: let's check if they play anywhere this year
Gabriel: ok, i'm checking them out right now
Madison: Yeah, maybe you could join us as well
Madison: of course, if you like them 😛
Summary: Gabriel has 5 hours on a train and needs some music to entertain himself. He should listen to Beach House and "OK Computer" or "In Rainbows" by Radiohead.
Dialogue: Iona: Some water would be nice if you have time?
Will: Of course. No problem.
Iona: Thanks! 
Summary: Will will bring Iona some water.
Dialogue: Frank: who's up for playing some fifa with me?
Maddy: i'm out now! sorry
Alice: i can play a game or two :)
Frank: got it! launching the game now :D
Summary: Alice agrees to play Fifa with Frank.
Dialogue: Marlow: help with biology project pls
Nixon: i cant help. not even started yet
Oscar: shite no gd me neither. we need to talk to ladies
Marlow: and i believed in you lads. so believed. ok ill ask manny
Nixon: ok drop the line l8r
Summary: Nixon and Oscar haven't started their biology projects yet, so they can't help Marlow with it. They're going to ask the ladies for help.
Dialogue: Carson: I looked thru our old instagram pictures
Connor: Hows that? 
Carson: They're all so bad quality omg 
Connor: What a creep xd
Connor: Haha
Connor: TIme flies eh!
Carson: It does omg 
Carson: All of shit we've done at Quapelle Hall 
Connor: I remember half of these nights ;) 
Carson: haha
Connor: Are we ever going back to these times
Carson: We're old balls now
Connor: xd 
Carson: We have to!
Carson: Like soon! Getting together with our girls (and boys xd)! 
Connor: Sounds splendid
Summary: Carson is going through old photos. Carson and Connor used to party together at Quapelle Hall. They want to meet up soon.
Dialogue: Taylor: hey
Taylor: I have Skype issues
Taylor: but I'm still working
Taylor: can you please tell Cynthia?
Taylor: hopefully I can sort it out pretty quick..
Angel: uff.. that's bad.. 
Angel: ok, don't worry, I'll forward your message ;)
Summary: Taylor has problems with his Skype. Angel will forward Taylor's message to Cynthia. 
Dialogue: Gary: What are you watching these days?
Mona: Luther! Have you seen it?
Gary: No, is it a cop show?
Mona: How’d you guess? LOL! 
Gary: Those are your faves!
Mona: Yep! Luther is a badass!
Gary: Of course!
Mona: Have to watch something until Outlander 4 is out! Droughtlander! Waiting too long!
Gary: Meh, not into that show…
Mona: You don’t like men in kilts? LOL!
Gary: Not really!
Mona: It’s very accurate historically, the story is good and there are fight scenes. What’s not to like?
Gary: Too much romance!
Mona: Romance is good!
Gary: Nah!
Mona: LOL! Wonder why you’re single???
Gary: I just haven’t found the right woman!
Mona: No comment!
Gary: Coward! LOL!
Mona: Anyway, try Luther. All 4 series are on BBC player right now as the 5th season is coming out soon.
Gary: Who’s in it?
Mona: Irdis Elba. Wasn’t he supposed to be James Bond?
Gary: No, he said he wasn’t even offered to play Bond.
Mona: Fake news! LOL!
Gary: LOL!
Mona: Anyway, he plays Luther and he’s a badass cop. He has like a sixth sense as to what the bad guy will do.
Gary: Fantasy?
Mona: No! True to life, he just has instincts. No paranormal or anything.
Gary: Oh, okay.
Summary: Mona has been watching Luther TV-series and recommends it to Gary. They discuss other TV-series which Mona likes, but Gary doesn't.
Dialogue: Adam: so?
Adam: what did the doctor say?
Cate: It's nothing to worry about
Cate: they said it's benign
Adam: THANK GOD
Adam: <file_gif>
Cate: lol
Adam: I'm so glad
Cate: me too
Adam: love you
Cate: love you too
Adam: let's celebrate
Adam: wanna go to the thai restaurant you've been moaning about
Cate: moaning?
Adam: Fine, asking nicely to go :P 
Cate: I'll let that slide :P 
Cate: sure we can go
Cate: When?
Adam: I should get off work around 7
Adam: so can you make a reservation for 8?
Cate: sure
Adam: love you babe
Adam: :*
Cate: love you too 
Summary: Cate's doctor said her condition is not dangerous. Cate and Adam will go to the Thai restaurant Cate wanted to go to to celebrate. Cate will make a reservation for 8 o'clock.  
Dialogue: Sydney: I guess I need to look for a new job
Rochester: shite syd anything happened
Sydney: we sorta had a bit of a chit caht with this stupid manager of mine
Nate: yeah chit chat. the office was shakin
Sydney: I shold say ex-maanger 
Tatum: you told him good. hes pissed pretty much evrbdy since he came. Only you get the guts
Sydney: anyways any ideas for the new job guys?
Rochester: you’ve got skills. You've got brains. You've got experience. You aint got problems find a job
Tatum: yeah but you need to talk to gm about credentials. 
Sydney: yeah I know. no official resignation yet. just cant stand the fucker
Nate: youre brave syd. Well done. well all stand by you in case
Sydney: cheers. I hope that won’t be necessary but cheers
Rochester: ill try to talk to some mates about the job. he might know sm1 who know sm1 you know
Sydney: oh gr8 Roch, thx a million
Summary: Sydney needs to look for a new job as he can't stand her manager. Tatum is proud of Sydney for having the guts to tell their manager off. Rochester will talk to people about the job for Sydney.
Dialogue: Gary: How’s office. Why Justin sick
Angela: It's sooo boring. But Monica made sure that I'm busy: 5 pages to translate. And Justin...
Gary: Google translate it. Amazing tool.
Angela: Says he's vomiting in a toilet, and that tomorrow he's going to the pharmacy.
Gary: Waste of space
Angela: He ate pizza
Gary: Haha
Angela: So I would say it probably takes like 1 week to recover
Gary: Yea for sure
Angela: Poor boy
Gary: If it’s pepperoni pizza. Maybe 2 weeks
Angela: Might be.
Gary: That’s the going pizza sickness diagnosis. Surprised u didn’t know that lol.
Angela: How is Glasgow? What are you doing actually?
Gary: Nice. Like an assessment thing. Questions, role play and stuff.
Angela: Have you seen your doppelganger?
Gary: 3 will come for interview. 2 girls and 1 lad. There’s Natalie. Everyone likes her the best.
Angela: I've met Monica in the office.
Gary: Why were u there? Anything interesting?
Angela: I guess she couldn't cope with the fact that she had to leave it for a day
Gary: Haha, I guess so. She was quite chill today. Did she stay long? And why were u there at night…
Angela: Because I was procrastinating the whole morning, and Monica sent me a request for translation. So it took me a couple of hours +Sara who needs supervision, +some other stuff that I just had to finish, clean the desk, etc.
Gary: Yeah well ur last day, trying to make the most of it right!?
Angela: So time just went by. I probably could have organized my day better… +Dulce wasn't there, so I had to sort also some other things. Well, I did what I had to do. No regrets. 
Summary: Gary is in Glasgow and wants to know how are things at work. Angela made a translation on Monica's request. It is Angela's last day at work.
Dialogue: Abraham: Good morning :)
Abraham: Got up already?
Abi: More or less. 
Abi: I had some work to send in the morning. 
Abi: I might go back to bed now, for one more hour or so. 
Abraham: Then sleep well! :)
Abraham: Let me know how are you when you get up.
Abi: Can't sleep now... 
Abi: Well, I'm not very well, to be honest. 
Abi: Feel like I'm going slightly mad...
Abraham: Sorry to hear it :(
Abraham: I can imagine how you feel :(
Abraham: If you'd like to call or meet to talk, just do, ok?
Abi: Okey. Thank you
Abi: Thx for being there for me
Abraham: I'm glad I can be there for you. And you are there for me when I need it... 
Summary: Abi had some work to send in the morning. She can't sleep now and feels like she's going slightly mad.
Dialogue: Mia: When will you be back home?
Robert: about 7
Mia: ok, let me know when you leave the office, I'll start cooking
Robert: :* you're amazing
Mia: :*
Summary: Mia will start cooking upon Robert's call.
Dialogue: Dolores: tired?
Jack: exhausted...
Jack: ;(
Dolores: I can imagine... 
Dolores: are you coming back already?
Jack: Yeah, I should be home in half an hour
Dolores: OK
Dolores: Maybe I should reschedule my appointment and wait for you?
Jack: no, don't do that
Jack: you've been waiting for this for a long time
Jack: I'll manage. Is there anything to eat?
Dolores: Sure, there's a whole lasagna for you in the fridge.
Jack: great
Jack: Don't worry about me, honey, just do your thing and I'll see you in the evening
Dolores: OK, if you say so. Love you, hun. ;*
Jack: Love you too :*
Summary: Jack is coming home. Dolores has an appointment set but she left him a lasagne in the fridge.
Dialogue: Nora: Dear Tracy and Ian, how are you doing? Where are you now? Haven't heard from you for quite a while!
Tracy: My lovely Nora, don't worry about us! We've been staying in a resort of Riviera Maya, eastern side of Yucatan, for 3 day now. Recuperating from those 4 weeks of driving all over the peninsula. Sorry for not contacting you immediately :$
Nora: Good! Have a good rest. What's it like in your new place?
Tracy: Cannot complain!!!
Tracy: <file_photo>
Nora: Oh my gosh! That looks bloody luxurious!! I'm green with envy!
Tracy: I'm afraid it is. As luxurious as they get, resorts here, but we're staying in a mid-range suite here in Vidanta. All thanks to Ian's time-share membership.
Nora: Is it this Hapimag?
Tracy: No, Hapimag is only Europe. This one is RCI, an American thing, I believe.
Tracy: <file_photo>
Nora: You happy devil!! But surely all that sunshine and seawater has been playing havoc with your skin =3
Tracy: Afraid it has :-( But I don't care. We both feel very fit, well rested and full of fantastic impressions. And enjoying all this beauty and luxury. And probably eating and drinking too much.
Nora: How long are you staying there?
Tracy: Altogether 2 weeks in Vidanta. Then a flight to Cuba for 4 weeks, then back to Mexico.
Nora: Keep me posted!
Tracy: I will. Love to you and Pete from us!
Nora: XXX
Summary: Tracy and Ian are settling in Vidanta, Yucatan after a four-week drive. They are staying here two weeks. The resort is rather luxurious but they are staying in a mid-range suite. They enjoy the views and relax. Before coming back to Mexico, they go to Cuba for four weeks.
Dialogue: Berry: Heyyyyyyy, desertion?
Suzie: Hey, yeah, I had to stay in and work a bit. I would love to go out in the evening though ;)
Berry: I have a terrible headache, and the group said the also capitulate today. So I'm for meeting on some other day.
Suzie: hehe, I got it. No worries, I'm open for suggestions
Berry: Kk, I will let you know and you too, let me know if you see something interesting going on in the city, some events, parties or just we could just go for a coffee some time.
Suzie: OK awesome, I'm so in!
Berry: <3
Summary: Berry can't meet Suzie today because he has a headache. She has to work late. They will meet some other time.
Dialogue: Rod: You didn't close the window in your room. Should I leave it like that? It's coolish outside.
Monica: Ah, I was supposed to close it but I was in such a hurry... Can you do that for me?
Rod: Will do, have fun.
Summary: Monica forgot to close the window in her room. Rod will close it for her.
Dialogue: Norma: have u seen my tattoo?
Marston: you got one cool show me
Norma: <file_photo>
Royce: oh lovely what does it say?
Norma: its a Japanese way of wishing good luck
Marston: you sure?
Norma: I sure hope so
Marston: anyways its really sweet esp the Bird
Norma: yeah i like it too really
Summary: Norma has a new Japanese tattoo. Both Marston and Royce like it.
Dialogue: Tom: Has anybody seen Peter? Peter where are you?
Maria: good question lol
Peter: at the gate
Tom: what gate, I can't see you
Peter: B19
Tom: But we are at B15
Peter: but here is the flight for Paris
Tom: but look at the company
Tom: are we flying with Air Franca?
Peter: gosh, you're right, I've been queuing here already
Tom: come here!
Summary: Tom and Maria wonder where is Peter. Peter's queuing at the B15 gate while he should be at B19. Tom urges Peter to come to him.
Dialogue: Arabella: Are you planning to go to Misty's Magazine in the next few days?
Arabella: I need some stockings.
Aretha: Hi, Yes, I might go there.
Aretha: Which one do you need?
Arabella: Same as usual, balck, size M.
Arabella: Two pairs.
Aretha: Okey, no problem :)
Arabella: Thx! 
Summary: Aretha will get Arabella two pairs of black stockings, size M from Misty's magazine when she's there in the next few days.
Dialogue: Linda: Why are Broadway tickets so damn expensive? :(((
Liz: I know right?
Barbara: It's not even the tickets themselves, but there's also all the money you'd need for the flight, some food, a hotel...
Liz: Exactly!
Linda: I don't know, even the tickets themselves are far beyond my reach. I don't even want to consider those other things.
Barbara: Thank heavens for bootlegs! :D
Linda: Yeah, but it's not the same as seeing those shows live.
Liz: Which show would you choose if you suddenly won a million dollars?
Linda: A million? I'd go see all of them :D
Liz: Okay, a thousand dollars then.
Barbara: I'd go with either Cats or Lion King.
Liz: And you, Linda?
Linda: Are you kidding me? I can't choose just one! There's the Phantom, Les Miz, Wicked, Lion King...
Barbara: What about you @Liz?
Linda: Wait, let us guess!
Barbara: Haha, yeah, I think it's pretty easy to guess.
Linda: Hamilton?
Barbara: Hamilton!
Liz: LOL, you know me so well :D
Summary: Liz, Linda and Barbara are unhappy about the costs of seeing Broadway shows. They name the shows that they would attend if they could easily afford it. 
Dialogue: Molly: Any big plans for 2019?
Isaac: hmm, I'm considering going to the conference in San Fransisco in 2019
Isaac: and then maybe flying to Tahiti, I've always dreamt about it and I think it's an opportunity
Jose: wow, that sounds really nice, maybe it's a good idea
Isaac: I think so, it's not even too expensive when one flies from San Francisco
Isaac: maybe anybody would like to join me?
Jose: I'd love to! But it's still very expensive I suppose?
Isaac: about 1000€ for the flights
Molly: really? I thought they are much more expensive
Isaac: no, they are actually not that expensive
Isaac: I mean still a lot, but not undoable
Molly: True, I may consider it
Isaac: Think about it guys and let me know
Jose: I will!
Summary: Isaac wants to go to Tahiti in 2019. Jose and Molly consider going with him.
Dialogue: Melissa: I'm looking for a book for Christmas break
Melissa: any recommendation?
Justine: does it need to be Christmas-related?
Melissa: hahaha, of course not, not at all
Melissa: but I really admire you book taste, so I'd read anything you suggest
Justine: hahaha, so nice of you, and exaggerated :P
Balthazar: Justine recommended to me the Alexandria Quartet by Durrell a few years ago
Justine: did you read it finally?
Balthazar: Yes, I loved it, one of my favourite books now
Melissa: so maybe I should read it now!
Justine: but it has 4 parts so may be a bit longer read than only the Christmas break
Melissa: if it's good, I really don't mind
Justine: ok, so let me know afterwards if you liked it
Summary: Balthazar recommends Melissa Alexandria Quartet by Durrell to read during Christmas break.
Dialogue: Tom: Where are we meeting?
Jenny: At the main railway station?
Barbara: yes, at the Starbucks inside
Summary: The group's meeting at Starbucks at the railway station.
Dialogue: Kyle: hey u got maths homework?
Patrick: um.. not yet :D
Kyle: hahaha what do you mean not yet
Kyle: it's for tomorrow
Kyle: i just reminded you didn't i hahahah
Patrick: XD
Kyle: well good luck then
Patrick: tx xD guess i'm gonna need it XD
Summary: Kyle reminds Patrick about their math homework for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ron: Request: please lock the door to the white room only once. Seems trivial, but it is crucial, Thanks!
Ann: The key to studio2 is at my place :)
Sissy: Who is in Studio 2 today?
Summary: Ron asks Ann and Sissy to lock the door to the white room only once. Ann has the key to Studio 2.
Dialogue: Tamara: It feels just wonderful to put my feet up after the whole day on high heels...
Jerry: Good for you!
Jerry: Being a stewardess isn't as nice and easy as one would expect, right?
Tamara: Actually I'd thought about it in that way until I became one myself
Jerry: People tend to judge a book by its cover
Tamara: Amen to that, brother :D
Jerry: Little Stella wants to see auntie Tamara, it seems that she won't give up asking me easily
Tamara: I can come on Thursday if that's OK. I've got all day.
Jerry: Perfect, I won't tell Stella though
Jerry: Can't wait to see her surprised :)
Summary: Tamara is a flight attendant and she can finally rest her legs. She will see Jerry on Thursday and she will surprise Stella.
Dialogue: Robin: Hi. I'd like to cancel tomorrow's lesson.
Eric: Unfortunately, it's too late to cancel. You would be charged the fee for the lesson.
Robin: Sorry for the late notice, but I don't feel well.
Eric: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, that's our policy. Please decide if you can come maybe for just 30 min.
Robin: Ok, I will let you know tomorrow.
Eric: Thank you.
Summary: Robin wants to cancel a lesson with Eric, as she's not feeling well. It's too late to cancel, so Robin will be charged the fee for the lesson. Robin may try to come just for 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Olivia: Remember Poppy will be turning 100 in march.
Megan: omg! 100 already!
Olivia: we should organize a kind of birthday party.
Megan: but it's in 2 months, who knows what could happen!
Olivia: don't think about the worse! Still it's a good purpose to meet altogether. She'll be happy to have us all.
Megan: who "all"? Her children? Grand children? Friends?
Olivia: no obligation of course, only the one who could come.
Megan: i don't think we should  invite friends. I mean her real friends all passed away! 
Olivia: but the youngest?
Megan: no way. Only family and the few old friends. Like James and Henry. And Mrs Harding  of course. That's all.
Olivia: don't you know that Henry died two weeks ago? He was 97!
Megan: you see...let's invite only family. Better to have a  small intimate party. Still with us five and our own children
Megan: quite a lot of people.. how do you want to accommodate all of them? 
Olivia: we could open the house. Jerry  will put the heat on.
Megan: what if we have some visits?
Olivia: only for one night. We'll  ask  them to  come with sleeping bags and i'll invited them all for meals.
Olivia: i've found a nice small place, with a kitchen and everything we'll need. Not expansive. We can cancel  at  the  last  moment.
Megan: how many answer do you have?
Olivia: for now we should be 25, but William's children didn't answer yes.Did you find a good caterer?
Megan: Chris will take in charge all the beverages and we could cook ourselves the  main course and dessert. 
Olivia: so the caterer would only do the fingerfood?
Megan: that's the boring part!
Megan: we forgot the present!
Olivia: no, Jamie will do an album with some pictures of all of us
Megan: fine.
Summary: Olivia thinks they should organise a birthday party for Poppy turning 100 in March. Megan thinks they should invite only the family with them five and their own children. They could open the house and Chris will take of beverages and they could cook themselves.
Dialogue: Walter: hey mate, can i borrow your driller? I need to hang some pictures
Simon: sure, when do you need it?
Walter: how about know? Are you home?
Simon: no... just got to the gym, but Julie should be home, call her and she will give it to you
Walter: ok i will, thanks! I will bring it back with some beers along!
Simon: haha, no need bro - good luck :)
Summary: Walter wants to borrow a drill from Simon. Simon is at the gym, Julie is at home. 
Dialogue: Julia: Hi, I have some pictures from the seminar. :)
Patricia: That's great!
Julia: Just wait a second...
Julia: <file_photo>
Julia: <file_photo>
Julia: <file_photo>
Julia: <file_photo>
Julia: <file_photo>
Patricia: You look gorgeous in the second one!!!
Julia: Thank you! You look great in all of them. ;)
Patricia: Merci bien!
Julia: <file_photo>
Patricia: Is that Jimmy? He looks like a 15 year old boy here!
Julia: I know!
Patricia: Maybe he's found the fountain of youth...
Julia: <file_photo>
Julia: <file_photo>
Patricia: Pamela looks fantastic here, but if I didn't know them and saw this picture I would never guess she's younger than her brother.
Julia: Yes, Jimmy is really a smooth-faced kid in these pics. :D
Summary: Julia sends Patricia pictures from the seminar.
Dialogue: Jayla: Where are you?
Gage: I'm here, downstairs
Jayla: I'm coming
Summary: Jayla will come downstairs to Gage.
Dialogue: Jessy: Where can I get something like that?
Jessy: <photo_file>
Henry: Amazon
Mike: What is this?
Jessy: An electric peeler 😅
Summary: Jessy wants to buy an electric peeler.
Dialogue: Chloe: Are we going to meet at the conference? :)
Mariana: Well, I'm not sure, I haven't signed in yet :/
Chloe: Oh, ok. I hope to see you anyway!
Mariana: I'll let you know next week, I have to make sure about my plans
Chloe: Sure, no stress. Just asking ;)
Summary: Mariana hasn't signed up for the conference.
Dialogue: Jake: I'm sorry for what I've said yesterday.
Reese: Jake, I don't want to talk with you.
Reese: I don't know who you are anymore.
Jake: What can I do for you to forgive me?
Reese: I told you. Leave me alone. 
Jake: Reese, I love you and I will do anything for you!
Summary: Jake is sorry for what he has told Reese yesterday. She doesn't forgive him. He is desperate.
Dialogue: Issy: Hi babes. Stuck on my French for Miss Piggy. Do we do for us or the people in the book ?
Meg: Yeah, I wasn't sure either. I did my answers, about my family,
Issy: Oh right, when's it due in?
Meg: tomorrow, Piggy said. 
Issy: bummer! Better get on with it. Forgot to say that I loved your hair today. Looked lush!
Meg: Thanks hun! Hope Josh likes it ! 😘
Summary: Issy asked Meg how to do her task from French or when it is due.
Dialogue: Ruben: Hey how is Barcelona treating you?
Ana: Hi
Ana: well not so cool
Ruben: how so?
Ana: I've been here for six months already
Ruben: I know
Ana: and I haven't been able to make one single friend
Ruben: wtf why???
Ana: I don't know, people are kinda weird here
Ruben: wdym
Ana: I go out almost every night
Ana: I hang out, go to parties, meet people
Ana: but they never call again
Ruben: weird
Ana: yeah, I'm thinking about going back
Ruben: don't even think about it
Ruben: you have an amazing job
Ruben: there's nothing here, at least not as good
Ana: yeah but you guys are there
Ruben: we'll come visit
Ruben: just hang in there
Ana: thanks dude
Summary: Ana is not able to make friends in Barcelona. Ana thinks about quitting the job and coming back. Ruben and her friends will come to visit.
Dialogue: Mary: Look what I've bought today
Amelia: <file_photo>
Amelia: Isn't it lovely?
Mary: It's gorgeous!
Summary: Mary's bought something nice today.
Dialogue: Jay: Dumb question - how do you cook an artichoke? :D
Olivia: why are you cooking an artichoke? ;D
Jay: god knows, I don't know what got into me
Lea: <file_other> here's a tutorial
Lea: It doesn't look easy - good luck mate
Summary: Lea sent Jay a tutorial on how to cook an artichoke.
Dialogue: Julia: hi!
Julia: I'm wondering
Julia: do you know someone willing to rent me a room?
Julia: doesn't have to be huge or anything, just nice, and sunny :)
Maria: hey
Maria: let me think
Maria: <file_gif>
Julia: <3
Julia: I love cats
Maria: me too :)
Maria: well, I guess I can ask Anna
Maria: she's a friend of mine, she used to rent a room
Maria: but we haven't really kept in touch for some time now
Julia: okey dokey, that'd be great if you could check with her
Maria: sure thing, it's always best to ask friends first
Maria: and you're welcome! ;)
Julia: thx!!!
Julia: you're the best :)
Maria: ah you :)
Summary: Julia is looking for a room to rent. Maria will ask her friend Anna who used to let a room.
Dialogue: Hisham: Where is my wallet?
Don: In my car, I suppose.
Hisham: But why??
Don: You were drunk yesterday... Don't you remember?? :) 
Summary: Hisham got drunk yesterday and probably left his wallet in Don's car.
Dialogue: Joy: spaghetti?
Bella: yup
Joy: you're cooking!!!!
Bella: ok
Summary: Bella will cook spaghetti for herself and Joy.
