Dialogue: Tom: Well, I don't have a credit card. I get my money in a brown envelope every Friday and am happy with it.
Sam: That's so old school! I didn't know ppl still got paid wages!
Tom: Arrangement with my employer. Don't trust banks.
Sam: Y?
Tom: After what I've told u, u still need a reason?
Sam: Yes and no. 
Tom: What do u mean?
Sam: Well, I can understand y ur so against the banks and so on, but on the other hand c'mon!
Tom: I won't get persuaded into getting an account.
Sam: So how do you pay ur bills?
Tom: Old school! I got to the office and pay them.
Sam: Bt that's a complete waste of time.
Summary: Tom doesn't have a credit card. He gets the money in cash every Friday. Tom pays his bills at the post office.
Dialogue: Darcey: We're going to see my favorite band next weekend!
Ellis: Who?
Darcey: Cheap Trick! I love them!
Ellis: Eh, don't know em really.
Darcey: They're from my home town so I have to be a fan! LOL!
Ellis: Oh, I see!
Darcey: They're with Def Leppard. The show is in Nottingham.
Ellis: Cool!
Darcey: I need to find a place to eat first. Maybe BrewDogs.
Ellis: Nah, that ones only pizza.
Darcey: Oh, damn. What about the Malaysian place below it?
Ellis: That was good. Try that.
Darcey: Maybe the greek!
Summary: Darcey is going to Cheap Trick concert next weekend. The concert will be held in Nottingham. Darcey needs to find a place to eat.
Dialogue: Jim: so do u need anything from the grocery? 
Cathie: hmm... garlic and  cheap white  wine, please
Jim: what for?
Jim: vampires? <file_gif>
Cathie: nope:P
Cathie: sea food :D 
Jim: u wanna cook sea food tonite? <3 <3 :D :D?
Cathie: ^^
Jim: <file_gif>
Cathie: actually, we gonna cook sea food :P
Jim: hah, let's try.
Jim: gonna start with a glass of white wine , good one:D
Cathie: :***
Summary: Jim will buy garlic and cheap white wine in the grocery. He and Cathie are going to cook sea food tonight.
Dialogue: Meghan: Baby, I miss you
Simon: I miss you too pumpkin
Meghan: When are you coming back?
Simon: Monday the latest, I have my last meeting in the morning and then I'm catching the afternoon flight
Meghan: Pick you up from the airport?
Simon: baby you're too good for me
Meghan: You can thank me later...
Simon: can't wait, babe!
Summary: Simon is coming back Monday the latest. He is catching the afternoon flight after his last meeting. Meghan is picking Simon up from the airport. Simon can't wait to see Meghan.    
Dialogue: Eve: am i the only person in the world that hates halloween?
Emily: possibly
Eve: dressing up is fun :D lol
Eve: i'm not going to charlie's party
Eve: please tell him something came up
Emily: oh come on! IT WILL BE FUN!!!!
Summary: Eve hates Halloween so she is not going to Charlie's party with Emily.
Dialogue: Alisson: I won two vouchers for Nutcracker
Alisson: who wants to come with me?
Terry: not my cup of tea
Freddie: I got cold so I can't
Alisson: :(
Summary: Alisson won two vouchers for Nutcracker, but Terry and Freddie do not want to accompany her.
Dialogue: Emmit: Good morning, I ordered pizza an hour ago and I’m still waiting
Kittie: Hi, give me the three last digits of your phone number
Emmit: 378
Kittie: Ok, the order confirmed, I’m really sorry, we had a problem with one of the ingredients, the order is ready to deliver
Emmit: So when will I have it?
Kittie: In around half an hour
Emmit: That’s quite a long time in total
Kittie: I know, we’re sorry, let me offer you one of our appetizers in return
Emmit: Hmmm ok, I’ll go for fries with cheese
Kittie: Fine, wait for our delivery man, soon at your door! :]
Summary: Emmit will get fries with cheese in return for a delayed pizza delivery. It was delayed because the pizza place had a problem with one of the ingredients. The delivery will arrive in about half an hour.
Dialogue: Terry: Are you going to IKEA tomorrow?
Nils: We're thinking about it
Sam: why? would you like to join?
Terry: yes
Cheryl: me too
Terry: I need some towels
Cheryl: and I want to look at couches there
Sam: no problem, I'll write you later
Terry: ok
Summary: Terry, Nils, Sam and Cheryl will go to IKEA tomorrow. Sam will write to them later. 
Dialogue: Lisa: Hi Kat!
Kate: Hello Lisa, what's up?
Lisa: Do u know where Ian went after school?
Kate: I've no idea! Why?
Lisa: His bike is still here.
Kate: Oh, i see...maybe he went to Ron...
Lisa: Of course! Txh! <kisses>
Summary: Lisa is looking for Ian. His bike is still here so maybe he went to Ron.
Dialogue: Jenny: Have you ordered burgers?
Maria: now chicken wings
Bill: even worse!
Maria: true :P
Summary: Maria ordered chicken wings.
Dialogue: Agnes: good morning. i saw you are selling Zara red dress
Agnes: still available?
Megan: morning! yes, it is
Agnes: could you send me a photo of the back? 
Megan: sure thing
Megan: <file_photo>
Agnes: thank you. how long it is?
Megan: i'm 169 and its knee-length for me
Megan: it's really comfy
Agnes: ok can you book it for me? i will confirm the purchase later today ok?
Megan: okay but plz let me know today
Summary: Agnes is interested in buying Zara red dress from Megan. The dress is knee-length for Megan who is 169 cm tall. Megan booked the dress for Agnes, but she asked her to let her know no later than today.
Dialogue: Nicole: Hey John
John: Hey Nicole
Nicole: What are you doing?
John: Surfing the internet. I’m looking for a new car, don’t know actually which one to choose. There are a lot of options and I haven’t decided yet.
Nicole: Right
John: Something on you mind, Nicole?
Nicole: No, no
John: Well then did you message me for any particular reason?
Nicole: Just seeing how you are
Nicole: Wanted to catch up with my big brother
John: Yeah, how’s work?
Nicole: Pretty good, new challenges and new opportunities
John: Good 😊
Summary: John is looking for a new car online.
Dialogue: Til: collect me from the office
Danny: when? 
Til: asap I'm sick 
Summary: Til needs Danny to collect her from work because she's sick.
Dialogue: Terry: we have to discuss our presentation this week
Kim: Coudn't we postpone it till Monday? We've so much work in our department right now
Terry: there is nothing more important than this presentation 
Bill: I'm afraid Terry is right
Kim: gosh, then we have to do it I guess
Terry: Yes Kim, you should know that it can get the company the biggest investment in our history
Terry: so nobody will remember the little tasks of the HR department in even a week, but this may get you a whole new position in the company
Kim: sorry, I didn't know it's so important
Terry: come over to my office today, I'll show you some unbelievable data
Bill: hmm, I thought Kim was better informed about it than anybody
Terry: no, they don't care about the HR people, which is super stupid of Jeffrey 
Bill: yes, he is fucking up everything now
Terry: that's why we have to keep our own agenda and don't let him drag us down with him
Kim: I'll be there in 10min, sounds too good
Summary: Kim will be in Terry's office in 10 minutes to discuss their presentation.
Dialogue: Bob: I'm going to be a bit late today
Paul: not a problem, we will wait
Tom: it would be difficult to start without you anyway :P
Bob: it won't take that long, start setting everything up, so we can save time with that
Tom: good idea, just get there as fast as you can
Summary: Bob is going to be late today. Paul and Tom will start setting things up before Bob arrives.
Dialogue: Terry: What time are we going to land in Pisa?
Matt: about 11PM
Kai: I thought the flight lasts about 4h
Matt: sure, but there is one hour difference between Portugal and Austria
Martina: right!
Martina: i completely forgot
Matt: we will get our hour back
Summary: Terry, Matt and Kai are going to land in Pisa at about 11 pm. There is one hour difference between Portugal and Austria.
Dialogue: Jason: Have you seen kaka?
Molly: He must in the ground playing football.
Jason: Great See you then.
Molly: Where you going?
Jason: Ground
Summary: Jason is looking for Kaka. He must be in the ground playing football. Jason and Molly will see each other later. Jason is going to the ground now. 
Dialogue: Huey: hi there, what's up?
Luie: hi!
Luie: nothing special. Work work work
Huey: same for me
Huey: lots of work and nowhere near the end of it
Luie: thats it, bro
Huey: I really need a holiday
Huey: maybe next month
Luie: where?
Huey: doesnt matter
Huey: somewhere nice and away from it
Luie: ;)
Luie: I see
Huey: ;)
Summary: Huey and Luie have been working a lot and need a vacation.
Dialogue: James: hi! :) how's the move going?
James: have you unpacked already?
Shane: hi! :) it's frustrating, tiring and exciting in the same time :)
Shane: we haven't unpacked even one third of the boxes!
Shane: you'll have to wait for a housewarming ;)
Summary: Shane hasn't finished unpacking yet.
Dialogue: Clair: Soo how was last night? ;>
Ted: Mhmmm don’t even ask cause I'll start imagining that again <3
Clair: We need to do it again ;>
Ted: Yea definitely, but I don’t know about this week, I’m busy
Clair: OK, let me know when do you have time then
Summary: Ted and Clair met last night. They want to meet again but Ted is busy this week.
Dialogue: Chris: How much did you pay for insurance?
Max: car insurance?
Chris: yes
Max: let me think
Max: I honestly don't remember
Max: but I have a great insurance agent who finds me the best deals if you need help
Chris: that would be great thanks :)
Summary: Max doesn't remember how much he paid for car insurance. Max has an insurance agent that he's very satisfied with. Chris is interested in contacting the agent.
Dialogue: Kathy: Look what I've bought today
Kathy: <photo>
James: Looks like an old sweater from a second hand ;)
Kathy: You're very kind James
Kathy: I've always known that I can count on you...
James: Sweetie, I'm not dissing you
James: I really like your sweater ;)
Kathy: Oh, are you sure?
James: <gif>
Kathy: <gif>
Kathy: I've got to go. See you tomorrow
James: Ok
James: <3
Summary: Kathy bought a sweater today.
Dialogue: Arlene: <photo_file>
Judy: Your birthday?
Clara: Cool!! 
Judith: I'll be there!
Arlene: Yes :-)
Clara: Is this at your place?
Arlene: Yes, the address is in the invitation
Clara: Cool
Judith: Do you need us to bring something?
Arlene: You can bring alcohol
Arlene: I'll have something but it might not be enough
Clara: 👍
Judy: Great! I can't wait :-)
Summary: Arlene invited Judy, Judith and Clara to her birthday party.
Dialogue: Filip: Hello. Have you ever heard about this band?
Filip: <file_photo>
Kelvin: Off the top of my head, no
Kelvin: Let me ask someone else
Filip: They are from clonmel
Filip: Or they were from clonmel, Maybe limerick or Galway
Kelvin: Asked some of the buddies involved in music
Filip: That is great.
Kelvin: Hi back from them 😊
Kelvin: <file_photo_screenshot_from_phone>
Filip: So it means they still play
Filip: Good to know. I was listening to their cd today
Filip: Good one
Kelvin: <emoticon>
Kelvin: I will ask friends if they know where they will play again
Kelvin: might take a moment before they reply, drinking tonight
Filip: Thank you very much I would appreciate
Filip: Talk to you later. 
Summary: Kelvin helps Filip learn more about a band Filip asked about. Kelvin asks his friends involved in music and finds out the band is still playing. Filip was listening to the bands CD today. Kelvin will find out where the band will play next.
Dialogue: Arnold: Did you put some pub options on our One Note page for the weekend?
Gina: I sure did! There are tons right around where we're staying. We won't starve!
Arnold: Plus we have a kitchen! LOL!
Gina: That's a thing; should we get breakfast stuff?
Arnold: Maybe some bread and coffee?
Gina: Yeah, that would tide us over until we can make it out. 
Arnold: Probably for lunch! LOL!
Gina: That's how we roll!
Arnold: LOL!
Gina: I'm ready for the gym tonight, though.
Arnold: Yes, yes, sure, why not...
Gina: Less than excited?
Arnold: Well...
Gina: Come on, we've been slacking all week. We're going to eat and drink this weekend!
Arnold: True.
Gina: We have to pay, that's how it works.
Arnold: I know, I know.
Gina: Just think about the bbq place tomorrow night.
Arnold: MEAT!
Gina: Exactly!
Summary: Gina and Arnold are going to the gym before going away for the weekend. They will have breakfasts at their place and drink and dine in pubs. Arnold likes meat very much.
Dialogue: Gerardo: Do u know if the wifi is back at the restaurant area?
Erin: I don’t think it’s working. When you coming back?
Julia: Probably not but u can just work from h1 or h2 haha
Gerardo: Ill head back in ~30
Alex: Cool please text us when you guys leave so we can get ready
Summer: Take your time coming back. It’s too late for us to leave because we have calls later
Julia: :(
Eric: I'm down for a sunset surf sesh fo sho
Alex: Im working until 8:30/9 so probably will miss out on that, will go tomorrow if I can
Summer: Surfs great here <file_photo>
Luke: Heading down in 20
Eric: Budd is leaving. We have room for 2
Summary: There is still no internet around the restaurant. Gerardo will come back in half an hour. Summer can't leave because of work. Eric will go surfing. Alex can't go, he has to work late. Eric has space for 2 people. 
Dialogue: Luke: Our heating bill is higher by about 25 percent this month. What's the deal?
Kylie: Well, there was a price increase. 
Luke: That can't be it entirely. There must be something else to make it so high.
Kylie: We have had more orders. More orders mean the dock doors are open for loading trucks. Open doors mean escaped heating?
Luke: True. How do we keep a lid on that?
Kylie: We should look into those flaps that go over the openings. You can still drive a fork truck through them but they seal off the outside air.
Luke: Brilliant! What do they cost?
Kylie: No idea until I check. But it has to be a cost savings.
Luke: We could also consolidate to only two shipments a day at the end of the day. Just use two companies.
Kylie: That would work. We would pay a bit more but save in the long run on energy, is that the idea?
Luke: Yes, but a cost comparison would be effective.
Kylie: I'm on it. I'll figure out what our savings is with each company.
Luke: That's great. Meanwhile, I'm going to shop energy companies I think!
Kylie: You may have missed the enrollment.
Luke: Oh, well, I'm still going to check. Won't hurt.
Kylie: Exactly.
Luke: If you think of anything else, let me know.
Kylie: Sure, no problem.
Luke: Thanks!
Summary: Their heating bill is higher by about 25%. Luke and Kylie suppose that the heat is escaping through dock doors when they are open for loading trucks. Kylie thinks they could bought some flaps to hang over the openings. Luke wants to consolidate to two shipments to save energy.
Dialogue: Olivia: Remember Poppy will be turning 100 in march.
Megan: omg! 100 already!
Olivia: we should organize a kind of birthday party.
Megan: but it's in 2 months, who knows what could happen!
Olivia: don't think about the worse! Still it's a good purpose to meet altogether. She'll be happy to have us all.
Megan: who "all"? Her children? Grand children? Friends?
Olivia: no obligation of course, only the one who could come.
Megan: i don't think we should  invite friends. I mean her real friends all passed away! 
Olivia: but the youngest?
Megan: no way. Only family and the few old friends. Like James and Henry. And Mrs Harding  of course. That's all.
Olivia: don't you know that Henry died two weeks ago? He was 97!
Megan: you see...let's invite only family. Better to have a  small intimate party. Still with us five and our own children
Megan: quite a lot of people.. how do you want to accommodate all of them? 
Olivia: we could open the house. Jerry  will put the heat on.
Megan: what if we have some visits?
Olivia: only for one night. We'll  ask  them to  come with sleeping bags and i'll invited them all for meals.
Olivia: i've found a nice small place, with a kitchen and everything we'll need. Not expansive. We can cancel  at  the  last  moment.
Megan: how many answer do you have?
Olivia: for now we should be 25, but William's children didn't answer yes.Did you find a good caterer?
Megan: Chris will take in charge all the beverages and we could cook ourselves the  main course and dessert. 
Olivia: so the caterer would only do the fingerfood?
Megan: that's the boring part!
Megan: we forgot the present!
Olivia: no, Jamie will do an album with some pictures of all of us
Megan: fine.
Summary: Olivia thinks they should organise a birthday party for Poppy turning 100 in March. Megan thinks they should invite only the family with them five and their own children. They could open the house and Chris will take of beverages and they could cook themselves.
Dialogue: Sally: Hi Dave!
Dave: Hi Sally!
Sally: Are we going to buy any farewell present for Nat?
Dave: I think we should
Sally: How about some watch or wallet?
Dave: Well, a good watch will be expensive. And Nat is quite demanding. He won't be satisfied with mediocrity.
Sally: So a wallet?
Dave: Why not
Sally: I'll see what's on offer and send you some links so that we can choose something suitable.
Dave: Good idea. And it's great that you've thought about it. I clean forgot about his leaving.
Sally: I know. Lots of work and we stop thinking about pleasure. Anyway, the first step has been made. Now we need to act on it :-)
Dave: Yes, boss :-)
Sally: :-) I'll keep you in the loop. First I need to find something classy, then we'll talk about the details of the party.
Dave: Ok. Let's do it :-)
Summary: Sally will send Dave some links with wallets for a farewell present for Nat.
Dialogue: Harry: can you open the window?
Ron: why me?
Harry: she likes you
Ron: but she doesnt like opened windows
Harry: ok so i will do this
Harry: chicken!
Ron: dont call me chicken
Summary: Harry will open the window.
Dialogue: Perpetual: Pizza or Burger
Trevor: I'm always team Burger
Perpetual: Ooh really?
Perpetual: Which type?
Trevor: Yeah
Trevor: Beef burger is the best.
Trevor: Why ask btw?
Perpetual: 😂😂 wait for it.
Trevor: 😁 can't wait.
Summary: Trevor prefers beef burgers. Perpetual is planning something but won't share the details.
Dialogue: Chris: can I borrow your car?
Finn: what for?
Chris: I have a date
Finn: with who?
Chris: Crystal
Finn: wow, bro, she's hot ^^
Chris: so, what about the car?
Finn: sure, but you need to fuel
Chris: thanks, bro
Summary: Finn is going to lend his car to Chris, who needs it for a date with Crystal. Chris will refuel the car.
Dialogue: Jack: We're already at the Mongoosh. Where are you Jason?
Jason: On my way. Can you guys order for me too? I'll be there soon.
Andy: Sure what you want?
Jason: Send me the menu.
Andy: <file_photo>
Jason: Chicken Tikka Masala for me please!
Summary: Jack and Andy are at the Mongoosh and Jason will join them soon. Jason wants them to order Chicken Tikka Masala for him.
Dialogue: Ruth: did you get home ok?
Janet: wet but ok, you?
Ruth: matthew picked me up as he was in town anyway
eva: we waited for a bit but took a taxi in the end!
Janet: clever!
Summary: Ruth got back with matthew because he was in town.
Dialogue: Tony: Hey dude.
Paul: Ssup bro.
Tony: You won't believe it but today i bumped into Hannah.
Paul: 😂😂Ooh really? How is she doing though?
Tony: She is fine. Only seems like she misses you.
Paul: Just don't say it bro.
Tony: For real.
Paul: I'm never believing anything that you say. The last time i did, it never turned out so well.
Tony: That was then. This time i am not scumming you.
Paul: Haha!
Tony: I think you should find some time and talk to her. At least know how she is doing. You shared some memories with her.
Paul: Now it is about advising me?
Tony: No I'm doing this as a friend.
Paul: Okay i will call her sometime.
Tony: Okay. See you at work
Paul: 👍
Summary: Tony run into Hannah and thinks Paul should talk to her some time.
Dialogue: Irina: Look at my new watch! 
Irina: <file_photo>
Dwayne: Is that Rolex? 
Dwayne: Wow
Irina: Haha omg
Irina: I feel like the happiest woman in the world! 
Dwayne: Congrats! 
Dwayne: I am still not a watches person
Irina: Really? 
Dwayne: Ye I usually just look at my phone to check the time 
Irina: Fair enough 
Irina: well I will take care of my rolex for sure ⏱⏱
Dwayne: Haha you should! 
Summary: Irina bought a new Rolex. Dwayne doesn't use a watch.
Dialogue: Jane: Hey gorgeous, have any plans for the summer? :D
Patricia: Not yet, what are you up to? :>
Jane: Just been thinking what to do this and I kind of want to go somewhere far far away
Patricia: Cool, up for that. Do you have anything specific in mind?
Jane: Yeah, couple of places. Cuba, Mexico or, other side, Thailand or Vietnam?
Patricia: Wow, exotic! :D
Jane: Well, far far away as I said ;) Remember the guy I told you about? The traveller? He was telling me all about Cuba and Mexico, it sounded really cool.
Patricia: Isn't it a bit dangerous?...
Jane: I don't know, I was thinking about going for an organised trip?
Patricia: Ok, sounds fine. Never been on one, but happy to discover something new :)
Jane: I've been to a few and I think it's great if you don't have a lot of time and want to see a lot.
Patricia: Are there any good trips? Cuba sounds cool, actually I'd prefer it to Mexico.
Jane: How about Vietnam or Thailand? We could look into both options.
Patricia: Been to Thailand, but wouldn't mind coming back, the food <3
Jane: :D hahahaha. Honestly can't decide. There's that one really cool trip to Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia.
Patricia: Wow, sounds great! How much is it?
Jane: Around 2k for almost two weeks, seems fair to me.
Patricia: Are the meals included? 
Jane: Hm, breakfasts and some dinners, depends on where you are.
Patricia: Cool, maybe it's even better so we could explore the local stuff ;)
Jane: So it kind of sounds Asia it is :D God, already excited <3
Patricia: hahahaha, so it does! When could you get any time off? August is off limits for me and probably not the best month to go there.
Jane: I know, July then? It may be cheaper, because no one wants to go there in the summer :D
Patricia: Quite true, July sounds fine for me. Gotta go tell my boss I need a time off and ready to go!
Jane: Yeah, start the countdown, I will contact the agency to book the trip. Will send you all details.
Patricia: Thanks! Also, is it a direct flight?
Jane: Yes! Couldn't be more perfect, could it?
Summary: Patricia and Jane will go on an organised trip to Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia. They will go in July. Patricia will ask her boss for a time off and Jane will contact the agency. She will send Patricia the details. They will take a direct flight. The trip lasts almost 2 weeks and costs around 2k.
Dialogue: Liesbeth: <file_photo>
Veronica: Wowowowow *.*
Veronica: You look hot!!
Liesbeth: ;-)
Charlie: Did you change your hair??
Liesbeth: Nooo, just new dress & jewelry
Veronica: Red suits you!!
Liesbeth: Thx a lot ;-)
Charlie: What was the occasion?
Liesbeth: Brad invited me for dinner
Liesbeth: It was our 2nd anniversary ;-)
Charlie: Omg, how time flies
Veronica: I didn't know you had an anniversary!! Congrats <3
Summary: Charlie and Veronica think Lisabeth looks great. Brad invited her for dinner for their second anniversary.
Dialogue: Eva: <file_photo> 
Ian: Is that your dog?
Eva: Yes
Ian: Aw cutie 
Summary: Ian thinks Eva's dog is cute.
Dialogue: Kelly: Give me one taboo topic!
Karen: Sex
Lisa: Death
Kelly: Thanks :*
Summary: Karen suggests sex and Lisa - death as taboo topics.
Dialogue: Pauline: Good evening Tom. Did we fix an appointement . Pauline Lacotte . Therapeute
Tom: Yes today at 6:30pm
Pauline: I'm late, I could see you only at 7
Tom: I'm already in the waiting room. Ok for 7? How long would it be?
Pauline: 20 minutes. Sorry again
Summary: Tom's appointment with Pauline is rescheduled from 6:30 to 7:00.
Dialogue: Freya: Hey, Hope you're enjoying Austria :P I have a medical query: if I donated a kidney (or some other organ), and during the transfer operation it was rejected by that person's body, could I have that organ back?? (Hopefully I don't sound too much of an idiot :P) xxx
Michael: It doesn't quite work like that Freyfrey. Do you need to know now or can I explain when I get back? x
Freya: Im just curious, but it can wait :)
Michael: ok
Michael: :)
Freya: How's Austria? :)
Michael: Fun, tiring, but fun. :D What are you up to?
Freya: Just wonderin' what to watch.
Michael: Hi Freya, it's Becky here. :) Michael's gone to the bathroom for a sec. Have you watched Stardust?
Freya: Hey Becky!! :D Heard you guys are having fun? :)
Freya: Hmmm, might have done... what's it about?
Michael: <file_video>
Michael: :)
Freya: Yeah, I have :)
Freya: I also got round to watching Divergent
Michael: Did you like it? 
Freya: Honestly... it was okay but I wouldn't place it in my top 10
Michael: Okay, Michael here - I got my phone back from my girlfriend who commandered my phone
Michael: Not sure whether to be happy or annoyed about that one...
Freya: Be Happy! :D Don't worry! :P
Michael: Somehow I knew you were going to say that :P
Michael: But yeah, I guess I'mm kinda glad you two are hitting things off :)
Freya: Now we have an excuse to gossip about you when we go shopping 3;)
Michael: Maybe I should come with you then? :P
Freya: You could... but we could always start exchanging make-up tips as a form of torture
Michael: True XD
Michael: Although if you torture me too early, you won't have anyone to carry your bags
Freya: Guess we'll have to sort this out when you get back...
Freya: DURING THE SUPER SIBLING SESSION!!! :D
Michael: we really need to change that name....
Summary: Michael and Becky are enjoying Austria. Freya has watched Stardust. She also watched Divergent and thinks it was ok. Freya and Becky are getting on well. 
Dialogue: Carlo: Hi!
Alan: Hi, mate!
Carlo: Are you back from Milan?
Alan: Yes, I've just arrived home.
Carlo: Ok... did you manage to get me those Dylan Dog comics?
Alan: Yes, I have the latest issues of both the monthly series and of the reprint.
Carlo: Thanks, mate! It's really complicated to buy Italian comics while working abroad.
Alan: No problem, it's as you said, they sell a lot of those at airports.
Carlo: Yes, lucky me... How much do I owe you?
Alan: Around ten euros, but a beer will be ok!
Carlo: Seems fine to me! Did you meet Giovanna in Milan?
Alan: Yes I did, she hasn't changed a bit since the last time I saw her (2015).
Carlo: Judging from her Instagram pics I'd say she got hotter!
Alan: Ah, my pervy friend, you never disappoint me!
Summary: Alan came back from Milan and brought Carlo Dylan Dog comics. Alan met up with Giovanna in Milan.
Dialogue: Nathaly: I think you said something about a shop where I could buy comics for cheap?
Nathaly: What was it?
Frederick: <file_other>
Nathaly: Thanks!
Frederick: No problem! Their shop is close to my place, too, so let me know if you want me to collect them for you so you don't have to pay for delivery
Summary: Frederci sends Nathaly information about a place where she could buy comics for a reasonalble price. Frederick offers to pick the items up from the shop.
Dialogue: Michael: hey, do you have a sec?
Susy: just a moment, I'm eatin'
Michael: ok, I got all the time in the world :)
Susy: what's up?
Summary: Susy is eating. Michael needs her for a moment. 
Dialogue: David: Did you get it mate?
Paul: Sure did! It's fucking dynamite! I'm high as a chicken pie!
David: I'll be over in 30min to collect.
Paul: Can you get some skins on the way cause I'm out.
Summary: Paul is high. David will come in 30 minutes. Paul asked David to bring some rolling papers.
Dialogue: Taylor: I think I left my power bank on your place yesterday
Owen: My brother was using it
Taylor: Can you please ask him to bring it to me, I really need it
Owen: He is not at home right now
Taylor: But I am going at my grandpa's  and i need it badly
Owen: Dont worry, you can use mine. will be in front of your house in half an hour
Taylor: Thanks :)
Summary: Taylor left his power bank at Owen's place yesterday. He needs it now, but Owen's brother was using it and he's not at home now. Owen will bring his power bank to Taylor's house in half an hour.
Dialogue: Will: Hey, Maggie, could you give me a hand? 
Maggie: Hey, Will, sure. What’s the problem?
Will: Well, I installed the apps, as it says on the box, but they don’t work.
Maggie: Did you restart your computer before launching them?
Will: Well, no...
Maggie: Please try that and if it doesn’t work, you’ll have to redo it. 
Summary: Maggie's advice for the apps that don't work is restarting the computer.
Dialogue: Diana: Dear Leo and Yadani, just to let you know I've added you to my whatsapp contacts. I hope you don't mind.
Leo: Of course not! We feel flattered.
Diana: You are such beautiful people and I'm happy that I've met you. :x :x
Leo: Thank you. The feeling is mutual.
Leo: 8-D
Diana: Marcus and I are also very thankful for all your hospitality and tasty breakfasts. It was so grand of you to get the cheese for me! Thank you very much.
Leo: My pleasure. You should have told me at once that you are vegetarian. No problem for me to get you cheese very day. And ham for Marcus.
Diana: Absolutely lovely of you! Your breakfasts keep us going till late afternoon.
Diana: And we love your fruit salads!
Leo: We will get an extra portion tomorrow!
Diana: :))
Diana: :x
Summary: Diana and Marcus are grateful for hospitality and breakfasts that Leo and Yadani prepare for them. 
Dialogue: Bill: I'm organising Josh's voice to come to you too.
Jen: So how many in total do you have?
Bill: 9 I think
Jen: I have a couple other ones
Bill: We're gonna to fuck this shit all the way up <file_gif>
Jen: I have 2 more from my floor
Bill: So 11! 15 would be good
Jen: Yeah. Working on more
Bill: Awesome. Dennis from 654 messaged me last night too
Jen: Yeah, I was going to get his too. He's definitely on board
Bill: His daughter asked me who to call and the dad said he had your number
Jen: Yeah. I'll reach out to him
Bill: That's 11 without flinching
Jen: Going to reach out to Troy
Bill: As in Troy and Terry? Mike? Let's aim for 20 then :D 
Jen: I have Mike
Bill: sweet
Jen: and yeah Troy and Terry
Bill: ok sweet
Jen: so 20 is real. That would be awesome
Bill: We keep working. One by one we will get them
Jen: Lol yes. That's the spirit!
Summary: Bill and Jen are collecting voices and aim for 20 in total. 
Dialogue: Marika: Hi! Do I remember well that you have had your leather handbag cleaned recently and was happy about the cleaners?
Omiko: Hi! Yes!
Marika: Can you send me their name or address?
Omiko: It was in Żurawia street, but I can't remeber their name, nor the exact address. 
Omiko: But I guess there's only one cleaner like that at Żurawia, so you should find them easily. 
Marika: Yes, got it, got their web.
Marika: Thx a lot!
Omiko: And what do you need to get cleaned?
Marika: An old pair of leather gloves. 
Omiko: I suppose they should be able to do it no problem :)
Marika: I hope so. 
Marika: I've been looking for leather cleaners last year, then forgot about it all until you mentionned your bag :)
Omiko: They did a great job on that bag! It's old and a bit worn-out, but it belonged to my grandmother, you know.
Marika: A souvenir! I see :)
Omiko: Yeah, the cleaning wasn't cheap, but in this case it was worth it! 
Omiko: I don't know how much they would charge for the gloves, but it ain't cheap.
Marika: I expect that and thought it over.
Marika: I'll go and aske them. 
Marika: Thanks again!
Omiko: No problem! Take care!
Marika: You too! 
Summary: Omiko wants to get her leather gloves cleaned. Marika had her leather bag cleaned recently and was happy with it, so Omiko would like to use the same service. Marika gives her the address but warns her that it might be expensive. Omiko is fine with that.
Dialogue: Jenny: ahh.. I'm crying😂
Jane: why?
Jenny: I have been watching this morning and they have been doing baby reveals live on the telly
Jane: why has that made you cry?
Jenny: well they had 3 couples on there and the 1st two had already got 2 kids one of each and it theres was a girl they cut a cake
Jane: oh right
Jenny: the second two were on there 1st baby theres was a girl as well
Jenny: they had a balloon that was full of pink confetti all over phil lol
Jane: oh ive seen them
Jenny: and the last couple already had two girls and they had these big party popper things and when they popped them they had silver confetti in them
Jane: silver.. what did that mean? twins?
Jenny: then phil undid his shirt and he had a blue vest on... then vanessa undid her shirt and had its a boy written in blue all over her tshirt
Jane: ahhh so it was a boy then
Jenny: and all the camera men and the floor crew all took there tops off and had blue tshirts on
Jenny: it was all quite emotional ahh
Jane: oh that was sweet.. what was the couple like?
Jenny: they was crying
Summary: Jane and Jenny are talking about the TV programme in which future parents reveal the gender of their unborn children. Jenny is very emotional about it.
Dialogue: Elsa: Hello! What are you guys up to? Any chance me and Alex can pop to yours for a little play before school pick up?
Isis: Hello! All is well thanks. I'm up for meeting but can we come to yours? Hans is working from home...
Elsa: I really need to get Alex out the house we've been in all morning. I might take him swimming instead. Do you want to join us?
Isis: No thank you. Sally is going to bed soon and has the most disgusting cold!! 🤧
Elsa: Oh no! Alex is only napping every other day. It's so inconvenient I've got loads of work to do!
Isis: Annoying!
Elsa: Hope she gets a good sleep, see you at the gates! 
Isis: Cheerio, have fun swimming!
Summary: Before school pick up, Elsa will take Alex swimming. Isis can't join them because Sally is going to bed soon and has a bad cold. Alex is only napping every other day. Elsa and Isis will see each other later. 
Dialogue: Mary: Could we start packing tonight?
Jim: we have no choice, I think
Alexis: sure
Summary: Mary suggests to start packing tonight. 
Dialogue: Henry: hey i have food
Grey: im coming xD
Henry: i know yu would say that XD
Grey: you know your friend 
Summary: Grey is coming to Henry because Henry has food.
Dialogue: Josiah: are you asleep?
Claire: no
Claire: has something happened?
Josiah: i'll call you in a min
Summary: Josiah will call Claire in a minute.
