Dialogue: Larisa: send me the picture of that dress
Sheila: <file_picture>
Larisa: thx
Summary: Sheila has sent Larisa the picture of that dress.
Dialogue: Jack: Kev, I need your help?
Kev: What's up, mate?
Jack: I can't get the application running.
Kev: Have you switched the computer on?
Jack: Very funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kev: OK. Sorry. I can see it's serious.
Jack: Yeah, man. It is f**cking serious.
Kev: I'll be with you right now.
Jack: Thanks.
Summary: Jack has a problem with an application and needs Kev's help.
Dialogue: Ewan: hey, Isabel, my car just broke down. im going to be a bit late for the party.
Isabel: Im so sorry Ewan. Do you need anyone to pick you up?
Ewan: no, i think i can manage with a cab. im not too far away.
Isabel: ok, good. you havent missed too much in any case. most of the others havent arrived yet
Ewan: ok. good to know
Isabel: where are you exactly anyway/
Ewan: Grange road
Isabel: i hope youre managing to stay out of this rain.
Ewan: yes, im standing under a bus stop shelter. will have to leave it to hail a cab.
Isabel: i know of a good cab service if youd prefer just to call someone.
Ewan: oh, ok. sure why not.
Isabel: just a sec
Ewan: take your time
Isabel: its called city cabs and their number is 131 228 1211
Ewan: wonderful. thank you so much Isabela
Isabel: happy to help!
Ewan: someones on their way now. 
Isabel: terrific!
Ewan: see you in a bit
Isabel: see you!
Summary: Ewan tells Isabel he will be late for the party, because his car broke down. She gives him a number to a cab service she likes. Ewan is glad and will be there soon.
Dialogue: Michael: hi!
Michael: do you know where I can take an injured hedgehog?
Michael: my stupid dog played with it as if it was a toy and now it's partially paralysed
Ezekiel: hi
Ezekiel: to the vet, i guess
Michael: the vet said that she doesn't treat hedgehogs
Michael: she's a regular vet, she's specialized in dogs and cats
Ezekiel: i have no idea then, sorry :<
Summary: Michael is looking for a place where he can take a hedgehog. It got hurt by his dog.
Dialogue: Tommy: You know those little bottles of hand sanitizer?
Rosie: Yes, I love those!
Tommy: Yeah, I got a bunch of them from my mom. Want some?
Rosie: I totally do!
Tommy: Cool. I have them in my office if you want to look now.
Rosie: Great. I'll be up in a jif. Just changing paper in the copy machine.
Tommy: Why?
Rosie: There are these new reports and they're on 11x17 not the regular size.
Tommy: Must be booklets?
Rosie: Exactly.
Tommy: Don't people mess up and print on the big stuff?
Rosie: That's why I have to stay while they run the new reports, so I can change back and let everyone know.
Tommy: Oh! I get it. Well, come up when you can.
Rosie: I will!
Summary: Tommy has some bottles of hand sanitizer from his mother. Rosie will come to take a look after she makes sure that people print reports on the right size paper.
Dialogue: Kate: OMG
Kate: Jon Bernthal plays in the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt!
Julia: what?!
Becky: ok, that show just got interested :D
Kate: he's so cute, i'm dying
Julia: <file_photo>
Becky: oh yes
Becky: You need to watch Punisher
Kate: I did, but he has this... softer, cute look in Kimmy <3
Summary: Becky thinks that 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' got more interesting, because Jon Bernthal plays there. Becky recommends Kate and Julia watching 'Punisher'.
Dialogue: Miriam: Hey
Miriam: Do you want to do the Econ assignment together? 
Luke: I didn't know we have an assignment
Miriam: WE do
MIriam: For tomorrow
Luke: Shit i didnt know
Luke: I just got back from volleyball 
MIriam: Well I can probably come over and do it with u 
Luke: Sure... 
MIriam: U ok? 
Luke: Nahh nothing 
Luke: I just don't know if I have time to get it done by tmrw
MIriam: Thats fine I will help you with that
Luke: okay
Miriam: I will be there in an hour? 
Luke: Maybe at 9? 
Miriam: I can't later than 8
Luke: OKay come at 8 then 
Miriam: okay see ya then
Summary: Miriam wants to do the Econ assignment with Luke. The deadline for the assignment is tomorrow. Miriam will come to his place at 8.
Dialogue: Eric: Hi, remember the gym today? 
Donna: Yep. Can we meet around 3?
Eric: Sure, I will meet you by your house at 3.
Donna: Right, see you there. Hope it's gonna be fun.
Eric: It sure will.
Summary: Eric will meet Donna by her house at 3 and go to the gym together later.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Are you going to stay till late tomorrow?
Nick: don't know
Nick: sorry, I can't tell you now.
Nick: you expect to much :P
Rebecca: :)
Nick: let's say I will
Rebecca: are you going to stay with them till 5 am
Rebecca: ;)
Nick: No, 2am max 
Nick: maaaaaaax
Rebecca: and that's what I call an answer :D
Nick: oh, so yeah i am then ;D
Rebecca: <file_other>
Nick: <file_gif>
Summary: Nick will stay until 2 am with some people tomorrow.
Dialogue: Chris: this guy just texted me if i want to exchange my Crash Bandicoot for another game, what should i ask for?
Ronald: how would I know lol, ask him what games he has
Chris: that's right
Ronald: he probably has like 3 games at all and he texts you some crap instead of telling what he has to offer upfront xD
Chris: probably yeah :D 
Ronald: let me know what he says and then i can advise you what's worth trading for
Chris: ok thanks
Ronald: <file_gif>
Summary: This guy wants to exchange Chris's Crash Bandicoot for another game. Ronald will help Chris decide which to choose when he knows what is offered.
Dialogue: Jenkins: I tried this protein you gave me
Jarod: and what? 
Jenkins: it's nice 
Jenkins: but next time I should try it before gym 
Jarod: it's meant for using before gym 
Jarod: it has huge dose of caffeine 
Jenkins: really? I haven't read the instructions 
Summary: Jenkins gave Jarod protein. Jenkins used it and after instead of before training.
Dialogue: Uncle Billy: Your scissors came in the post today, your funny scissors.
Abbie: They're mom's. For the cats' claws.
Uncle Billy: That's a relief.
Abbie: Why?
Uncle Billy: I thought you were planning to trim my nose hairs.
Summary: Mom's scissors for the cat's claws have arrived today.
Dialogue: Andrew: My wife is the best at baking!
Andrew: She baked such a pumpkin cake I can't stop eating!
Nick: Good for you.
Nick: My wife's cheating on me...
Andrew: WHAT?
Nick: I'm joking just to make you feel awkward :D
Summary: Andrew is eating a pumpkin cake his wife has baked.
Dialogue: Ivy: Can you get me a baguette from the coop?
Uma: I'm not going to the coop today
Peter: I'll be coming back very late. The shop will be closed already 
Summary: Peter will be coming back very late.
Dialogue: Mary: Can you pick up the kids?
John: Sure. You've already asked me this morning.
Mary: Really? I don't remember. 
John: Ok, doesn't matter.
Summary: John will pick up the kids at Mary's request.
Dialogue: Amanda: Why don't you ever wear make-up?
Freya: I don't need it
Amanda: You could look prettier
Freya: I don't like the idea of having some foundation entering my pores
Freya: I don't even have make-up products
Amanda: Not even a mascara?
Freya: Nope.
Summary: Freya never wears make-up and she has no make-up products. Amanda is surprised about it.
Dialogue: Tyler: Good morning!
Ashley: Hello my dear
Tyler: what do you want to do today?
Ashley: i don't know, do you have any ideas? 😛
Tyler: Dinner movies and drink a little bit and see where it goes
Ashley: ok 😉
Tyler: 😉
Ashley: i'm open to any ideas 😉
Tyler: ok we will drink a little bit and see 😉
Ashley: ;)
Tyler: and what are you going to do now?
Ashley: eat something, i need to write sth also and then i need to go to the uni for a while. but i will go to school probably just before going to your bus station
Tyler: ok
Ashley: do u know warsaw or not so much?
Tyler: not at all. i was just there for one night
Ashley: ok. so i will have to think of some place where to go, or maybe we will find sth
Tyler: i think we will find something
Ashley: ok
Tyler: so go and do whatever you have to do and see you later
Ashley: 😉 see you later
Summary: Tyler is seeing Ashley for drinks today. Ashley needs to write something and then go to the uni for a while. Tyler doesn't know Warsaw at all as he spent there one night only. Ashley will see Tyler later and they will find some place together.
Dialogue: Patrick: do you think i should buy her flowers?
Robert: what have you done?
Patrick: she asked me to come back early
Robert: and you have forgotten?
Patrick: yeah and i went to a pub
Robert: is she angry very much?
Patrick: yes she is
Robert: so flowers and chocolates
Summary: She asked Patrick to come back early, but he forgot and went to the pub instead. She's angry. Robert advises Patrick to buy her flowers and chocolates.
Dialogue: Jessica: Omg omg! You are not gonna believe this!
Mariah: What?? what happened?
Jessica: Brad and Ashley broke up, he's single again!
Mariah: OMG I can't believe that, girl come to my place noooow we have to talk about this.
Jessica: Be there in 10.
Summary: Brad and Ashley broke up. Mariah and Jessica are excited to gossip about it. They'll meet in 10 minutes, at Mariah's place.
Dialogue: Matt: Just watched a new video about the Marvel Netflix series, it's interesting
Steve: Link please
Jack: Yep
Yuri: Let us check it out
Matt: There it is <file_other>
Tom: Ok, thanks
Jack: Now that I see the thumbnail I think I watched it a couple of days ago
Yuri: Is it some kind of review of all seasons so far?
Steve: Looks like it
Jack: I agree it's interesting, obviously it says Daredevil is the best one by far
Yuri: Whoever disagrees with that is insane XD
Matt: Yep, it analyzes the different approach of the various series and points out the flaws of Iron Fist, Luke Cage and season 2 Jessica Jones
Steve: Ok
Tom: I hated even the first season of JJ :D
Yuri: It was kinda meh but Tennant's performance was amazing as usual
Jack: Yep, I agree
Summary: Matt has shared with Steve, Jack, Tom and Yuri a video about the Marvel Netflix series. The video analyzes the various series and points out the flaws of some of them.
Dialogue: Sara: I’ll come a bit later :/
John: Ok
Sara: I’m stuck in traffic....................
John: :/
Sara: It must have been an accident or sth
John: We’ll wait, don’t bother
Summary: Sara will be late, she's stuck in traffic.
Dialogue: Lauren: <file_photo>
Tom: wow, how nice! do they love there?
Lauren: yes, in a kind of aquarium, a research centre 
Emma: super cute!
Daniel: Do they research only seals?
Lauren: seem so
Emma: I had no idea there are seals in the Baltic Sea
Emma: but actually it make sense - northern, cold, why not?
Tom: what is the name of the place?
Lauren: Hel, which is a pretty funny name
Daniel: Seals from hell
Emma: they are too cute though
Daniel: for hell ahahah
Lauren: They keep them here for a while and then release again
Daniel: why?
Lauren: I think when they are sick or hurt or too small
Daniel: seems a very interesting place
Lauren: it is indeed
Lauren: also Therese likes it very much here
Therese: Yes, it's been very good for me this holiday
Daniel: good to read that!
Lauren: anyway, greeting from Hel(l) <file_photo>
Summary: Lauren and Therese are on holidays in Hel. Lauren sent a photo of a seal aquarium to Daniel, Tom and Emma. The research centre keeps seals for some time and then releases them to the Baltic Sea.
Dialogue: Scarlett: I am asking you to think about us for the last time...
Hugh: I really can't any more, I'm afraid.
Scarlett: Maybe take some time to think things over
Hugh: What is the point of it?
Scarlett: There are still some options 
Hugh: Like?
Scarlett: Like a therapy e.g.
Hugh: But we're struggling all the time.
Scarlett: But you know it was not like this before.
Hugh: We tried so many times
Scarlett: And you think it will be better with somebody else?
Hugh: I hope so.
Scarlett: And I don't believe it, there will be the same problems. You know it. You always close when we are too close.
Hugh: Maybe you're closing me?
Scarlett: This is so painful. 
Hugh: You wanted to talk.
Scarlett: And I regret already.
Summary: Hugh and Scarlett's relationship is struggling. Hugh wants to end it, but Scarlett suggests that there are still some options like therapy.
Dialogue: Rob: Hey, are you by any chance at work right now?
Mike: Yeah, what's up?
Rob: I have a huge favor to ask - looks like my car battery died. Again.
Mike: Hahahaha. Again? Isn't it like the fourth time this month?
Rob: Yeah, I know. The car's a mess.
Mike: It sure is. You really need to replace the battery if you intend to use it.
Rob: That is true. But the main issue here is that the front door sensor is busted. It should beep when I open the door without turning off the headlights.And it does not beep, so I keep leaving the lights on, and it drains the battery.
Mike: So get that replaced - it's a cheap electric sensor, just look it up online.
Rob: Yeah, I know, it's just something I keep forgetting about. When I remember it's fine, and when I forget the more urgent issue is to start the car:)
Mike: Yeah, I get that. 
Mike: So where are you at? 
Rob: At the mall just next to your office - that's why I'm asking you :)
Mike: Ok, makes sense :) What level?
Rob: -2, just by the entrance A
Mike: Ok, on my way.
Mike: Oh, you do have jumper cables?
Rob: Sure do - never leave my home withou them :)
Mike: Lol :D 
Summary: Mike's car battery is dead. Rob will come with his jumper cables and help him. Mike's waiting at the mall next to Rob's office at level -2 by entrance A. 
Dialogue: Lauren: Have you seen the magnolias in the courtyard?
Wendy: What about them?
Lauren: they don't seem well this year
Graham: I've noticed
Mark: why?
Lauren: i think they should be blossoming now
Lauren: but the are not
Graham: I think the buds froze in early May
Graham: when the temperature fell
Lauren: can be
Wendy: what a pity
Lauren: let's wait a bit more, we will see
Wendy: let's hope they are fine
Summary: Lauren and Graham noticed the magnolias in the courtyard are not blossoming. There was a temperature fell in early May that could have damaged the buds.
Dialogue: Fred: <file_other>
Fred: Listen to this man.
Fred: Perfect for cleanin' the house.
Willy: Not sure if it's dubstep
Willy: Or just transformers having sex
Fred: Hahahahaha.
Fred: JFC man you made me laugh so hard  I couldn't catch breath
Willy: Breathe Freddie breathe.
Willy: Seriously track sounds ok.
Willy: But when I hear this beat drops they really do sound like transformers bangin'o
Fred: If you have good sound system it really makes sense
Willy: Ehem. No doubt.
Willy: Your music taste is surprisingly broad.
Willy: You're the only person  I know who posts on facebook Miles Davies and then sends me a dubstep made from printer sounds
Fred: :P :P :P
Summary: Willy compares a dub-step song he got from Fred to robots having sex and makes Fred laugh.
Dialogue: Ellie: greeting from Helsinki <file_photo>
Ryan: how nice! so much snow
Sam: How long are you staying there?
Ellie: till Friday :)
Ellie: I like it here a lot
Ryan: Are you going to visit anything else there
Ellie: I want to go to the Arctic circle 
Ryan: wow, how exciting
Ellie: I am not sure yet, it's a bit expensive
Ryan: do it, you may never be there again, use the opportunity
Ellie: maybe you're right, I should
Sam: sure, can't be too expensive
Ellie: I'll try to check the connections and airbnb
Ellie: expect postcards from Santa Claus ;)
Sam: hahaha 
Summary: Ellie is staying in Helsinki till Friday. Ellie would like to visit the Arctic circle too, but it is a bit expensive. Sam convinces Ellie to use the opportunity.
Dialogue: Mary: Do you like stranger things
Hudson: Never heard of it
Mary: What are you watching these days?
Hudson: I am watching game of thrones these days
Mary: I never heard about that :/
Hudson: Ok I think we should give our seasons do each other?
Mary: Sure  :D
Summary: Hudson is watching "Game of Thrones" these days. Mary is watching "Stranger Things".
Dialogue: Karina: How r u?
Taylor: I'm ok thanks and you?
Karina: Not that bad but my friends around are getting engaged and I don't have a bf. Pfff... I'm not even dating with anyone -.-
Taylor: Good for them
Karina: Of course
Summary: Karina is upset because she does not have a boyfriend.
Dialogue: Calbert: Plummer got livid 2day
Hunter: what happened
Calbert: you missed school?
Hunter: sick all week
Barclay: Mr Plums was surprised to see nobody understands what hes preaching
Salton: true enough
Calbert: he asked all the class gettin not a single correct reply
Hunter: lucky i wasnt there
Barclay: well mate it awaits you
Salton: he did mention your name
Hunter: shite
Summary: Hunter is sick all week. His friends tell him that Plummer got livid when nobody in the class could give him a correct answer. He mentioned Hunter's name.
Dialogue: Lucy: Are you ok?
Emelia: Not quite
Lucy: The funeral was tough
Emelia: Yea kind of, my grandma was crying so much
Lucy: I’m sorry :( If you ever want to talk, just call me
Emelia: Sure :]
Summary: Emelia has just been to a funeral. Lucy offers consolation.
Dialogue: Robert: I just arrived to my office to prepare everything. I’ll let you know which stones I choose.
Harry: Ok. Perfect
Robert: Once you told me that I have extra 5% discount for the white stones. Is it included in the list?
Harry: I told you that you have extra 2% off.
Harry: And that will be discounted once you choose the stones.
Robert: Ok. Is it included in the list? ;-)
Harry: Not yet in the list.
Robert: Aaah ok. So first I need to chose them.
Robert: Got it. Thanks.
Harry: No problem. If you prefer me to add it directly next time please let me know and I’ll do that from now on.
Robert: I sent a list with certificate numbers. Send me the invoice please ☺
Harry: I’ll prepare the invoice tomorrow.
Robert: Ok
Robert: Thank you. 
Summary: Robert has extra 2% off for a selection of stones. 
Dialogue: Fred: <file_photo>
Fred: Theoretically everything that has been posted online can be deleted
Fred: But Internet doesn't forget :D
George: On the one hand I admire your speed at downloading embarassing content
George: On the other hand I really don't get it why are you doing this xD
Fred: It's simple. When someone is a hypocrite and sometimes proves it with posting such content. I feel obliged to reveal his hypocrisy or ignorance.
Fred: Take this politician. The print screen I sent you was a photo of his public post about coal miners 5 years ago.
Fred: <file_photo> This one is from today.
George: He contradicts himself.
Fred: Exactly. Because he says exactly what he thinks would bring him support. But as Internet does not forget that few years ago he wanted to close the mines, he has less chance that someone would believe him and trust him. 
Fred: And trustworthy politician is a winning politician.
George: Ok. I get it. Still idk why you engage in this, and at this point I'm afraid to ask :P
Summary: Fred gathers proof of politicians' hypocrisy on the Internet. George questions why Fred does it.
Dialogue: Audrey: Black friday is coming!!!
Marylin: I know, I was just in the mall yesterday, wanted to buy a new dress
Audrey: are the sale on already?!
Marylin: nope, which is why I didn't buy anything cause I knew I would find it cheaper next week
Audrey: I seriously need a new coat, the old one is starting to look like a scarecrow
Marylin: haha
Audrey: <file_gif>
Marylin: I got some discount codes for online shopping, too
Audrey: what stores?
Marylin: Let me check
Audrey: okay
Marylin: H&m and Zara
Audrey: Will you share?
Marylin: always :)
Summary: Marylin didn't buy a new dress in the mall yesterday because she's waiting for the Black friday discount next week. Audrey needs to buy a new coat. Marylin'll share the discount codes for online shopping with Audrey.
Dialogue: Elton: the new girl what you think of her?
Payton: you mean sheffield?
Elton: yessir
Shaw: she's pretty hot but like
Elton: you mean hard to talk to
Shaw: kind of inaccessible yes
Payton: donna never talked to her why
Elton: she realy my type maybe ask her out
Shaw: why not. good luck
Summary: There is a new girl called Sheffield. She's pretty but seems inaccessible. Elton will try to ask her out.
Dialogue: Paula: Did you guys watch America playing
Janek: against who 
Paula: Against Colombia
Paula: At Copa America
Eva: I watched it
Eva: USA. USA. XD
Janek: Nope I missed it then
Paula: It was a good game
Paula: I think I will start watching soccer
Janek: That's good
Eva: Me too 
Eva: Haha
Paula: 🙌
Summary: Paula thinks Colombia and USA played a great game. Paula is going to start watching soccer.
Dialogue: Ronald: Hi mate
Clyde: Hello. Where are U?
Ronald: Kingston
Clyde: Get a taxi to Canterbury haha!
Ronald: Are you paying?
Clyde: yeh, if you get out of the taxi at the train station and run as fast as you can south, I'll meet you with some money ;)
Ronald: LOL :) 
Summary: Ronald is in Kingston.
Dialogue: Nina: Did your insurance cover it?
Tom: No, I had to pay it myself
Brad: how much?
Tom: 4000
Nina: fuck...
Summary: Tom had to pay a lot of money himself because his insurance hadn't covered it.
Dialogue: Paul: Hey Meg, how are your interviews going?
Meghan: Excellent! I’ve almost made it. There’s only one interview left with the Hub Director 😊
Paul: Glad to hear that! It’s cheered me right up!
Meghan: How’s your work?
Paul: Not so bad, but I’m thinking of moving on and changing it for something much better
Summary: Meghan is having interviews and they are going well. Meghan is having just one more with the Hub Director. Paul is considering looking for a better job.
Dialogue: Zoe: Hey, when are you leaving this weekend?
Leo: I'm not - the trip was cancelled.
Zoe: Ok. :) I'll see you tomorrow then.
Summary: Leo was supposed to leave for the weekend but the trip was cancelled. 
Dialogue: Nicole: Hey anyone bring me that lunchbox I forgot
Nikola: Not home
Anne: Kk I will 
Nicole: 🙌🏾
Summary: Anne is going to bring Nicole the lunchbox she forgot.
Dialogue: Tina: Guys, you ready?
Peter: waiting for Tom
Jane: on my way
Tina: Should I call an uber?
Peter: yes, we’ll be there in a minute
Peter: Go without us guys
Peter: Lost Tom
Tina: Ok, call us when you get home safe
Summary: Jane's coming. Peter's waiting for Tom. Tina's calling an uber. Girls will go alone, because Peter lost Tom.
Dialogue: Oliver: just wanted to text you to remind you i love you
Adrianna: awwwww i love you too
Oliver: and i miss you
Oliver: it sucks that i had to move
Adrianna: we'll see each other soon enough :-D
Summary: Oliver misses Adrianna after he had to move, but Adrianna convinces him that they will see each other soon.
Dialogue: Gloria: I know it'll sound stupid, but have you got a spare vacum cleaner?
Nat: Yes, I have. 
Gloria: What??? 
Gloria: Why do you have two vacum cleaners? How does this??? You're werid.  
Nat: :D
Nat: One is mine, the other I inhertied. 
Gloria: I have no more questions. 
Nat: You want it or not?
Gloria: Not sure... Did someone die using that other one?...
Nat: :D :D :D 
Nat: No, it's save. Don't worry. I'll pop up around in the evening, ok?
Gloria: I still don't trust you... 
Summary: Gloria is looking for a vacuum cleaner and she is shocked to hear Nat has a spare one. Gloria is not sure if she wants it.
Dialogue: Dias: I've found a nice place. Look: <file_other>
Wolf: Not bad. How about this one? <file_other>
Dias: It looks too nice to be so cheap.I'll check google maps.
Dias: It's miles away from everywhere. And right in the middle of the city. No good.
Wolf: But excellent public transport. And it's so close to the airport. Just to sleep over the jet lag.
Wolf: They even offer free airport transfer.
Dias: So let's make it 3 nights only.
Wolf: OK. Makes sense. Shall I book it then?
Dias: Please do.
Summary: Wolf and Dias are going to spend 3 nights at an accommodation which is nice, cheap and includes free airport transfer.
Dialogue: Carlos: I'll be in late
Carlos: cover for me please
Irene: sure no prob
Irene: the boss will be in at 10:30
Carlos: great I should be in by then
Irene: ok, do you have nay meetings?
Carlos: no just pick up the phone and say i'm in a meeting
Irene: sure no problem
Summary: Carlos will be late. The boss will be in at 10:30. Carlos should arrive there until then. 
Dialogue: Barb: Jason when you get home dad and I want to talk to you.
Jason: What have I done wrong now?
Barb: You'll find out when you get home. When are you coming back?
Jason: Probably never. 
Summary: Barb and dad want to talk to Jason when he gets home. Bark wants to know when Jason is coming home. Jason doesn't want to come home. 
Dialogue: Isabella: Emma!
Emma: Isabella?!
Emma: what's going on?
Isabella: nothing, I'm just glad to see you online :)
Emma: it's just for a moment but I'll be back in the evening
Isabella: alright, we'll talk later :)
Summary: Isabella notices Emma is online but she has no time now. They will talk in the evening.
Dialogue: Angie: Did you prepare some lunch for tomorrow?
Charlotte: No, I was planning to go to Sushi Project
Angie: Wanna some chili? I made way to much again
Charlotte: Sure!! I love chili!
Angie: Big portion or really big portion? :D
Charlotte: you know me.
Angie: really big portion it is
Charlotte: ;D
Summary: Angie will put aside a big portion of chili for Charlotte.
Dialogue: Michael: i am so mad at her right now afff
Maria: you should let her explain
Michael: what's to explain? She cheated on me, I am done
Maria: maybe that's just a misunderstanding...
Michael: no it's not, Mike saw them kissing in the hallway
Maria: are you sure? it does not seem like her... that's impossible
Michael: well and yet it happened, screw her I am not gonna be some idiot chasing here if she does not appreciate it...
Maria: you should cool off and talk to her about it...
Michael: talk to her my ass... i am packing her stuff !!!!!!
Summary: Michael's not going to be with her anymore as she cheated on him.
Dialogue: David: Hi Honey, did you have a good day?
Sandy: Hi my love, oh ... i had meeting  all day. What about you? 
David: great. . I went to Brooklyn and visit some really interesting museums
Sandy: i'm sure you also had time for shopping?
David: Yes of course.
Sandy: what did you buy?
David: a new pair of sneakers. Very nice, red and pink...
Sandy: why did you buy them. You've got plenty of them!
David: i need to keep fit during my stay here, so i want to run
Sandy: i'm very impressed... you know you could run with me in the park nearby...
David: yes, but central Park is such a nice place to run and to feel like a real new yorker.
Sandy: I remind you that you're on business trip for week!
David: i also went to Ralph Lauren on the fifth avenue.
Sandy: Please, don't tell me you buy anything in there?
David: I've found a very nice jacket ... for you!
Sandy: Honey...
David: I know ... i'm the man 
Sandy: Have a good week. See you soon
David: bye love
Summary: David has bought a pair of sneakers because he wants to stay fit. He also bought a Ralph Lauren jacket as a present for Sandy.
Dialogue: Tamara: What are you doing, Shania?
Shania: Watching 'Stop Bieszczady' on TVN
Tamara: What is it?
Shania: Programme about people who left their lives and went to live in the mountains
Shania: really interesting.
Tamara: Thanks, I will check it out! :)
Summary: Shania is watching a TV documentary 'Stop Bieszczady' which sounds interesting to Tamara as well.
Dialogue: Kate: Did you find the keys?
Tim: Yes, I put it in my pocket....
Kate: LOL, classic you.
Summary: Tim found the keys he had actually put in his pocket.
Dialogue: Maya: Honey, could you stop by the market and grab some water?😍😍😍
Henry: Ok. Gas or without gas?
Maya: Without gas. Thaaaankkkkkkksssssssssss, darling!😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙
Henry: Np. 😄Anything else?
Maya: That's all. Thanks again, see yaaaaaa 😗😗
Summary: Henry will get some still water at the market on Maya's request.
Dialogue: Daniel: fuck you bro
Daniel: i hate you so fucking much
Jacob: wtf man
Daniel: ask stacy
Summary: Daniel is mad at Jacob. Stacy knows what it's about.
Dialogue: Horace: Hello Kristopher, are you going for our chess tournament today :-)
Kristopher: I’m not sure, my friend, I don’t feel very well
Horace: I understand, everyone says the same…
Kristopher: At our age it’s not surprising
Horace: Yes, you don’t even have to leave the building!
Kristopher: Still, Horace, I feel very dizzy, it’s dangerous even to go downstairs.
Horace: Some of the workers could help you, this is why we live in a retirement home!
Kristopher: Horace, you are right of course, but I don’t want to force myself if I’m going to fall asleep all the time at the table, as Roosevelt did a week ago.
Horace: Yes, it was funny but not comfortable for him, I’m sure ;-)
Kristopher: Especially because you used it to cheat.
Horace: I couldn’t stop myself, let us have some fun before we die.
Kristopher: Or maybe just get some rest at last.
Horace: You are way to pessimistic!
Kristopher: It’s difficult not to, after what I experienced.
Horace: Each of us has some bad experiences, we were all challenged by life.
Kristopher: But some of us more than others.
Horace: Okay Kristopher, I can see you’re in a bad mood, if anything changes, feel welcome to our chess championship :-)
Kristopher: I will surely remember about that, thank you.
Summary: Kristopher feels dizzy, so he's not sure if he's going for their chess tournament today. Last time he cheated while Roosevelt fell asleep at the table to have some fun before they die. He's in a bad mood today.
Dialogue: Paul Sheehan: Heya Ciaran, do you have time for a coffee b4 heading back?
Ciaran: Yeah, I have about 30 mins.
Paul Sheehan: If your pressed for time, leave it off. I'm stuck in Turners Cross 'til about 1
Paul Sheehan: and Mike has to be back at work at 1:15 today.
Ciaran: Yeah, meeting Mike on Grand Parade.
Ciaran: I have an appointment I need to get to in Clonakilty
Paul Sheehan: Mike messaged me, will be in asap but I know you're under pressure for time so if we don't meet today, 
Paul Sheehan: I hope you'll accept my accept my apologies!
Ciaran: Hey man it was good meeting up with you today :)
Paul Sheehan: Yeah, it's something we should definitely do more often <emoticon_smile>
Paul Sheehan:  Maybe when you get your gaming room sorted, you might check out World of Warships.
Ciaran: Yeah for sure.
Ciaran: See you later. 
Summary: Ciaran and Paul discuss a number of appointments. Ciaran is going to have a gaming room and Paul Sheehan recommends World of Warships to him.
Dialogue: Jason: Hey Noah can you give me a lift to the office today?
Jason: My car is broken
Noah: No problem
Noah: I’ll be leaving in 10 minutes
Jason: Thanks
Jason: I’m ready 
Jason: I’ll be waiting for you at the parking.
Noah: Ok
Noah: Do you also need a lift back home?
Jason: No thanks
Jason: My wife will pick me out after work
Jason: Now she cannot help me
Jason: She left at 7 a.m. 
Summary: Noah will give Jason a lift to work as his car broke down. He doesn't need a lift back home.
Dialogue: Eve: Hey, you asked me to recommend some probiotics
Eve: <photo>
Eve: I use these 
Eve: or <photo>
Maya: Great, thanks a lot, Eve
Sonia: Yes, thank you
Sonia: How long do I need to take them?
Eve: about 3 months 
Eve: a real immune boost, believe me
Sonia: Ok, can you order one the cheaper one for me?
Eve: I am going to order tomorrow so you still have time to think about it
Maya: I will, thanks
Eve: I'll speak to you tomorrow :)
Summary: Eve recommneds Maya and Sonia her probiotics. They need to be taken for 3 months. Eve will be ordering them tomorrow.
Dialogue: Erin: hey nick, could i borrow some money from you?
Nick: mmm, they say you should never lend money to your friends
Erin: why?
Nick: because it may ruin the friendship
Erin: that's nonsense. i'll pay you back
Nick: ok. how much do you need?
Erin: enough to buy a new pair of prada shoes
Nick: what for?
Erin: nothing specific, i was shopping online and saw them and fell in love with them right away
Nick: i thought the money was for an emergency or something important
Erin: shoes are important
Nick: mmm, no they are not
Erin: come on! does that mean you won't lend me the money?
Nick: sorry friend, i can't lend you money for shoes
Summary: Nick won't lend money to Erin for Prada shoes.
Dialogue: Carly: Hi I haven't heard anything about the car.. do you have any idea when it will be back at all? I will need to go out tomorrow at some point thanks
Don: I'm not sure I will try to find out
Carly: Thanks
Don: Hi Ive spoken to David they were sent the wrong radiator they are waiting for the right one should be there Monday so car should be back Tuesday
Carly: thanks
Don: Thats ok sorry I didnt get back to you sooner
Carly: Any idea when the car will be back and can you make sure they driver it a good few miles before they leave it this time please
Don: I've not heard anything hun I'll check and let you know
Carly: its just that I'm away on Thursday for a few days
Carly: Hi David is not answering me again and I'm frantic.. I'm away again tomorrow and I need to know what is going on.. I know its not your fault and that you are helping I didn't want to go to a solicitor as I thought that would be long and drawn out but this is ridiculous..  I bought the car in good faith for 850 over 2 and a half months ago i'm paying tax and insurance that has cost me 180 for a car that i have not driven for more than 30 miles.  I've been waiting for it to be fixed from the first week.  Can you not persuade him to just give me my money back
Carly: the lack of communication is making matters worse I am already ill which is why I needed a car for the hospital appointments, this is making life worse.
Don: I thought it was going to be back today hun I'll try to find out what is going on
Carly: He's promised tomorrow now, so I hope he does so
Don: Me to hun
Carly: Just to let you know.. the 206 is not fixed and I am out of patience.. if David does not offer me my money back I am using the solicitor that Macmillan put me in touch with.  I am devastated that after all this time he has left me with a car that I would never be able to sell let alone drove safely.  I feel very sorry for you, you must be very embarrassed to be his mother, I hope that no one ever rips anyone off in your family should they ever get ill.
Summary: David sold Carly a broken car and has been uncooperative ever since. Carly has hired a solicitor to solve the situation.
Dialogue: Abby: What are you doing tonight?
Gaby: Nothing much, Netflix and chill probably
Abby: Really? No Valentine's Day romantic getaway?
Gaby: We talked about and came to a conclusion that it's completely overrated and that we will not be forced to manifest our love just because a population of morons decides to do so
Gaby: and to be truly honest
Gaby: we forgot to make a reservation and everything's booked :P
Abby: Haha I could help you with that
Gaby: How so?
Abby: We have a table for four at Boscaiola cause Mark's sister was supposed to bring her new boyfriend
Abby: but stable as her life is -- they broke up with a huge fight last night :D
Gaby: Poor Sandy!!
Abby: Anyway, woulkd you like to join us?
Abby: sorry it's last minute
Gaby: What's the deal?
Abby: It's a prefixed menu with three price option
Abby: <file_other>
Gaby: Wow, the appetizers looks amazing!! I'll run it past Jeff
Abby: Ok let me know by tonight?
Gaby: Sure, thanks!! :)
Summary: Gaby will talk with Jeff about going with Abby and Mark to Valentine's dinner at Boscaiola.
Dialogue: Kenzie: I have been looking for a good Ice cream shop to go with my family
Frank: Good Luck
Kenzie: Where was your best ice cream experience? :/
Frank: I always go to Papa Gino's
Kenzie: Thanks for the suggestion
Frank: Np
Kenzie: You want to come along?
Frank: Nah, Im good
Summary: Frank recommends Papa Gino's ice cream shop to Kenzie. He will not join Kenzie and her family.
Dialogue: Coco: could you bring me some leftovers guys?
Yen: sure no problem
Howie: I ordered pork so... :c
Coco: oh ok
Yen: I ordered rice with vegetables
Howie: Wendy always orders too much so you can count on her pad thai with shrimp
Coco: <file_gif> 
Coco: yay! thanks!
Yen: no problem sweetie :)
Summary: Yen, Howie and Wendy will bring Coco some leftovers. 
Dialogue: Maria: where are you? on the way?
Andrew: yes, on the highway even
Jeff: we should be there in about an hour
Maria: great, just don't take the exit to Exeter
Maria: there's always a jam
Jeff: ok, good you're telling us
Jeff: should we buy anything?
Maria: a bottle of wine maybe?
Jeff: red or white?
Maria: Wait, I'll ask Marion
Jeff: ok
Maria: I'm just afraid she cannot drink red after the operation
Maria: yup, she asked me to buy white
Jeff: perfect. So we'll get some 
Jeff: see you soon
Summary: Andrew and Jeff inform Maria that they'll be there in an hour. Jeff'll buy a bottle of white wine as Maria wishes.
Dialogue: Berdie: wow you keep on posting stuff about books I love!
Mike: really? like what?
Berdie: you just quoted Barthes and I love his books
Mike: :)
Mike: tbh it's the first book of Roland I'm reading 
Mike: I don't know his literature that well
Berdie: I have some of his books in Spanish if that works for you
Mike: I don't speak Spanish
Mike: but I ordered some books online
Mike: <file_photo>
Berdie: those prices are really low!
Berdie: I have never bought there anything
Mike: I have a discount because I have Premium account
Berdie: maybe I should look into that
Mike: the only problem I have with that shop is that you cannot buy anything for Kindle there
Berdie: I don't like reading on Kindle, it kills the experience for me
Mike: really? 
Mike: I prefer Kindle because you can travel with your whole library in you pocket
Berdie: you're probably right
Berdie: but some books are really hard to read on Kindle because you're supposed to skip chapters or go back
Berdie: for instance Cortazar's Hopscotch is like that
Mike: :O
Mike: sounds cool!
Mike: I'll add it to my reading list
Berdie: you'll love it, it's great
Mike: I will
Berdie: :)
Mike: I gotta go
Berdie: bye!
Summary: Berdie likes the Roland Barthes' quote Mike posted. Berdie offers him his books in Spanish but Mike doesn't speak it and uses an online store. Mike likes reading on Kindle, Berdie prefers paper, especially when it comes to non-linear story line as in Cortazar's Hopscotch.
Dialogue: Klara: Happy birthday to you!
Klara: <file_gif>
Moses: Thank you!
Summary: Klara wishes Moses a happy birthday.
