Dialogue: Anna: Sav
Anna: Friday night is Maggie's housewarming party downtown :D 
Anna: why haven't you marked you are going?
Anna: btw let me know how the movie was
Savannah:  Gaah! Everything is happening on Friday. I have plans with Ada to go to my yoga class on Friday, but you guys will probably be there late, right? I will definitely stop by later :)
Savannah: Also, the movie was good. Definitely interesting, and I enjoyed the theme. 
Savannah: It didn't have a wow effect, but I definitely recommend
Anna: cool 
Anna: too bad you can't be there earlier, but i'll live :) 
Anna: I have the workshop sat morning so I'll probably stay till midnight or so
Savannah: gah, I've checked my connection to the place, it'll be tough
Savannah: I wanna go to the workshop as well
Anna: why will it be tought?
Anna: it's by the subway
Anna: and then a short walk
Savannah: lol ok, well google maps told me three different connections. 
Savannah: but I guess getting there is fine, I guess coming home might be worse.
Savannah: is maggie taking part in the workshop?
Anna: I'm just deciding where to crash
Anna: since they don't really have any furniture at the place 
Anna: And Maggie, no I don't think so 
Savannah: Well you can always stay at my place, and then we can go to the workshop together in the morning. 
Anna: ok cool, thanks for the offer. I'll let you know for sure later this week
Summary: Anna and Savannah are going to Maggie's housewarming party on Friday. Savannah will be late, since she has other plans for that day. They are both taking part in a workshop on Saturday morning.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi there! Are you the administrator of the Sci Fi meetup?
Sergio: Yes.
Alex: I found your number in the group description
Sergio: Alright.
Alex: I'm trying to join the group, but it keeps saying my request needs to be approved
Sergio: That's correct.
Alex: ...
Sergio: Yes?
Alex: So, can I join?
Sergio: Well, I think it is self-explanatory.
Alex: What do you mean?
Sergio: Your request needs to be approved. We will discuss it during the course of our next meeting and get back to you.
Alex: seriously?
Sergio: I am afraid so.
Alex: ahm... alright.
Sergio: Thanks for your request.
Summary: Alex's request to join the Sci Fi meetup needs to be approved on their next meeting. They will contact Alex once the decision is taken.
Dialogue: Zayden: Weird question maybe but don't you happen to have a spare keyboard lying around at home?
Kailee: Uhh... Dunno if you could call it a spare one, but I don't really use my desktop too much...?
Kailee: What do you need it for?
Zayden: Mine doesn't seem to be working but I need to confirm if it's an issue with the keyboard or the computer itself.
Zayden: So if I could borrow yours for a while, it would be great. I just need to check one thing and I can give it back to you.
Kailee: Sure, I don't see why not
Summary: Zayden wants to borrow a keyboard from Kailee in order to check if there's a problem with his keyboard or the computer itself.
Dialogue: Ryan: Have you booked the place?
Lauren: I did, yesterday evening
Lauren: 5 nights for 4 people
Noah: great, I'm looking forward to it
Eric: Is it in Spain?
Lauren: it's in Andorra 
Eric: why?
Lauren: haha, it's a small country between France and Spain, you'll like it, I promise ;)
Eric: ok, I trust you
Summary: Lauren booked the place in Andorra for 5 nights for 4 people. 
Dialogue: Eva: Karolina stood me up again
Carson: How come?? 
Eva: I was supposed to go for a coffee because 
Eva: We havent seen each other for so long
Carson: Shes probably busy with work
Eva: Shes not working anymore
Eva: Shes looking for another job
Carson: Hmm maybe I should text her
Eva: try
Summary: Karolina and Eva haven't seen each other long. They were supposed to have a coffee, but Karolina stood Eva up. Karolina is not working anymore and she's looking for another job. 
Dialogue: Tom: You're both vegetarian right?
Casey: I am
Delilah: me too
Tom: ok, so the subs will be meatless for you guys
Casey: Thanks Tom
Delilah: :)
Summary: Casey and Delilah are vegetarian, so Tom will get them meatless subs.
Dialogue: Rory: see u at the field after schhol
Moose: remember to bring snickers this time :)
Rory: ok, ok
Summary: Moose reminds Rory to bring his snickers to their meeting at the field.
Dialogue: Mark: Guys I want to die. I’ve just taken the tube in the wrong direction 
Mark: I don’t even want to think of how much delay I’m going to have
Mark: Could you get the tickets for me and wait at the entrance? I should still be able to get there just in time
Anna: No worries
Nestor: Keep us posted and if you happen to be arriving too late, we’ll sort something out
Mark: Thanks so much xx
Summary: Mark took the wrong subway and he may be late. Anna and Nestor will buy the tickets.
Dialogue: Jenny: I'm so tired
Alice: me too, I can barely focus
Wendy: but the weekend is close!
Jenny: <3
Summary: Jenny and Alice are tired. The weekend is close.
Dialogue: Charles: Where should we meet?
Frank: I'm good, already on the bus
Charles: cool! Peter, Stacy?
Peter: I can meet you halfway, is Euston ok?
Charles: ok, Stacy? you coming?
Stacy: nope, sorry, emergency at work, will talk later
Summary: Frank is on the bus. Peter can meet the guys halfway, at Euston. Stacy is not coming because she has an emergency at work. 
Dialogue: Renee: <file_other>
Renee: doesn't look that bad doesn't it:D
Katie: whaaaa
Katie: it looks fucking amazing!!
Katie: is there like ANYTHING you can't do??
Renee: :)
Katie: I didn't even think it was you!
Katie: I thought it was some professional dancer! 
Katie: only at the end there's your face up close
Renee: ^^
Katie: shit
Katie: amazing, really
Renee: thanks :))
Renee: i didn't think it looks that good until they recorded us :D
Katie: why?
Katie: I mean why did they record?
Renee: some ppl couldn't remember the steps and the instructor asked me to dance with him 
Renee: so they could record him with a partner
Katie: i see
Katie: really i didn't realise you were so good:D
Renee: thanks again:D you know the instructor adds like a billion points to my presence:D and it's the Waltz, so even more ;)
Katie: shit i wouldn't even know it's the waltz xD
Summary: Renee was recorded dancing Waltz with her instructor. Katie thinks she looks like a professional.
Dialogue: Erica: asfslflsgslkrjgnvsnaoiv help
Erica: 3 hours of work left
Juliet: blgabhsadbahf 4h at mine
Erica: hold on there!😘
Juliet: you too!😘
Summary: Erica and Juliet are bored at work, and there are still several hours left till the end.
Dialogue: Phil: Hey. I'm not going to the lectures today.
Andy: Ok. Someting's cropped up?
Phil: I want to stay home.
Andy: :-)
Phil: Look out the window. Grey, drizzly, cold. Not very tempting to go out.
Andy: Well, I'm going. Bad weather or not.
Phil: Ok. Will you share the notes later?
Andy: :-) 
Phil: I know it's unfair... I'm sorry
Andy: Have I ever kept my notes for myself only?
Phil: No, you're a good friend. Thanks, pal!
Andy: Ok. Must be going. Bye.
Phil: Bye.
Summary: Phil isn't going to the lectures today because the weather is bad. Nevertheless, Andy is going and will share his notes with Phil.
Dialogue: Kin: fuck you bitch
George: Fuck you too 
Kin: :)
Summary: Kin and George insult each other.
Dialogue: Anna: i just want to say good morning <3 can't wait to see you tomorrow :*
Jack: good morning :*
Anna: Nia said we could stay at her place :) but nobody's gonna be home so we have to wait until she finishes work or go pick up the keys from her office
Jack: so what do you think?
Anna: will you be going straight from your parents' house?
Jack: propably, yeah
Anna: is the office on your way? remember? we met there for lunch once
Jack: ok I'll pick up the keys
Anna: also, I might have to go see a dentist when I arrive :( my tooth is killing me!
Jack: fuuuck! you want me to call my dentist to see if she's available?
Anna: yeah, if it's not a problem
Jack: what time do you arrive again?
Anna: 10.35
Jack: damn it, she's on vacation :/
Anna: oh nooo :( can you find another one?
Jack: I'll find one, don't worry
Anna: i know it's like the worst possible time
Jack: it's alright, don't think about it 
Anna: so what's the plan?
Jack: I'll try to arrange an appointment in the morning, then I'll pick you up with my mum's car and drive you to town
Anna: thank you so much :*
Jack: do you have health insurance?
Anna: yeah, the European card
Jack: so that should work
Anna: I think so. okay I'm going to sleep now. let me know in the morning if you know something
Jack: sure :* I'm goind to sleep to. good night <3
Anna: good night :*
Summary: Jack will pick up the keys to Nia's apartment so that he and Anna can stay there. Anna arrives at 10.35 but Jack needs to find a dentist for her urgently.
Dialogue: Eric: Hey Matilda, you sleeping well. You seemed dizzy today.
Matilda: No Eric, i had to finish all he assignments, so i could not sleep all night.
Eric: Oh that's why. You can ask for if you need any help.
Matilda: I know Eric. You are my best friend
Summary: Matilda was dizzy today, because she didn't sleep last night. She finished the assignments. Eric is the best friend of Matilda.
Dialogue: Carly: so tell me about yr holidays....drunk and debauched or lazy? xx
Andy: A bit of both, it was all inclusive so I might have drank a bit too much. I was good though and only ate healthy meals lol x
Carly: The food on the cruise was out if this world seriously..Proper fine dining or buffet whatever you wanted xx
Andy: Wow sounds great, I do like a good buffet lol xx
Carly: And the entertainment was brilliant.. saw Grease the musical..that was fab xx
Andy: I'm getting very interested in a cruise now x x
Carly: I'll come with you if you want.. you can get the taster ones for 3 or 5 days leave Southampton, the one I went on with Mum had a shopping mall in the centre of the ship.. it was amazing.. x
Andy: Looks great we could have a great laugh together😂😂  you will have to come with me to show me the ropes x x
Carly: I'd love too.. let me know your holidays and I'll see what's about.. the taster ones can be done on a long weekend mind xx
Andy: I've got 15 days left this year I think its pretty free for when I can take them x x
Carly: I'm flexible with my work too so we may find a decent cheap on.. we paid 400 each for that one we were on xx
Andy: We need a balcony suite for def xx
Carly: Defo, no point in going on a cruse if you cant see the sea from your bed :) 
Andy: Hello you 😊I had a look online last night but it's a bit of a cruise minefield to be honest lol x x
Carly: Yes it is a bit.. there's a 3 day taster to Bruges in Sept 300 ish each from Southampton .. no point in booking for longer unless you know you will like it... you could be green hanging over the side all week lol xxx
Andy: If it sounds like it's a good deal and it's the right accommodation then I think we should book us a little getaway then x x
Carly: Yes definitely be good.. I'll send you details tomorrow xxx
Andy: Send me the dates and I will book the holiday with work
Carly: Ok will do xxx I'm excited xx
Andy: So am I. We are going on a cruise 😊😊x x
Carly: There is an 80's special for 5 days but it's about 500 and we would probably end up drunk and disorderly
Andy: Well I thought we would end up drunk and disorderly anyway lol. How do you feel about that one or are you wanting just a bit less mayhem 😊x x
Carly: No it would be fab I expect I'll find out more and see how much I  can afford lol xx How about Southampton to Bruges back to Southampton on 5th Oct for 3 nights.. 366pp.. balcony suite..
Andy: Sounds good, I'll come over this weekend and we can look together xx
Carly: Ok Babe see you Friday xx
Summary: Andy was on holiday. Carly suggests that they should go together for a cruise holiday. They want to take a balcony suite. Andy and Carly arranged a meeting on  Friday to discuss their holiday. 
Dialogue: David: Hi, how are you?
Janette: All good, hbu?
David: Good
David: Just bought plane tickets.
Janette: Already?
Janette: Ok, I'll take a look at prices now.
David: It's better to buy them sooner than later.
Janette: Give me a sec.
Janette: Are you still there?
David: Yes
Janette: All done. Now I gotta think if I need some extra baggage
David: I know you well enough to know that you do need an extra bag, hun
Janette: Okay, I'll add 20kg bag now.
David: Gotta go, take care and pack wisely.
Janette: Ttyl
Summary: David has just bought plane tickets and Janette will take a look at prices now. She may need extra baggage, so she'll add 20 kg bag. 
Dialogue: Ann: tomorrow we're doing to see Brooklyn 
Tom: sightseeing?
Ann: yes, can you recommend anything?
Tom: in Brooklyn?
Ann: yes
Tom: the Brooklyn Bridge of course!
Ann: sure, but anything less well known? 
Tom: The Brooklyn Historical Society DUMBO is a very interesting place, and not so touristic 
Ann: What do they show?
Tom: the history of the borough and some micro-histories, also of the construction of the bridge
Ann: Will will like it then!
Tom: if you have enough time you can also try Greenwood Hight. There is a huge cemetery and the Battle Hill, the highest point of Brooklyn
Ann: great! thanks a lot. it all sounds great!
Tom: Great I could help!
Summary: Ann is going sightseeing tomorrow in Brooklyn. Tom recommends The Brooklyn Historical Society and Greenwood Hight. 
Dialogue: Lucas: I think I lost my wallet
Shirley: You think?
Frank: I saw a wallet in the office 
Lucas: A brown one?
Frank: Yes
Summary: Lucas's wallet is in the office.
Dialogue: Peter: Is Facebook down?
Jamie: think so, it's says the servers are down
Peter: Damn, not again
Jamie: I bet you can survive without Facebook for a day
Peter: me - yes, my job - not really, I needed to check some statistics for our profile page ;/
Summary: Peter can't check statistics for his work's profile page as Facebook is down.
