Dialogue: Laura: how is France?
Jesse: I like it a lot
Alex: Me too, only quite expensive
Jesse: Paris is hyper-expensive, the rest not so much
Laura: I've recently talked to a French friend and he claimed that there is a different beauty standard for women in Europe
Laura: or at least in France
Laura: do you think it's true?
Jesse: 🤔 Hmm, maybe there is something about it. I'm not sure about Europe though 
Alex: Yes, I noticed some difference between French and American women
Jesse: Really? Like what?
Alex: there are very few boob jobs here, they seem to like skinny girls with an almost boyish appearance 
Jesse: right!
Laura: the guy said the same
Jesse: they don't seem so obsessed with a certain type of woman like in America\
Laura: what type?
Jesse: the ... Fox-News-woman-type
Laura: hahah, true, they all look the same
Jesse: exactly, and even if not, they get an operation to look similar
Alex: and pop stars here are like this, for example the girl from Yelle
Jesse: Julie Budet
Alex: exactly - skinny, no boobs
Alex: I think they find American pop stars vulgar - with implants everywhere, huge boobs, huge asses, false eyes, false teeth
Jesse: haha, possibly 
Laura: interesting 
Summary: Jesse and Alex are in France. They noticed some differences between French and American women. Jesse and Alex think French appreciate more skinny girls with an almost boyish appearance than vulgar American pop stars.
Dialogue: Oscar: <file_photo>
Oscar: <file_photo>
Martine: omg Oscar... what the hell is this?!
Oscar: just found it on an old flash drive :D
Gianni: wooow! it's a treasure! when was it? 2001???
Oscar: after 2001 for sure. look at my hair...
Erica: omg I can t stop laughing
Martine: who is the guy behind me? Hanson?
Erica: no idea...
Oscar: it's my brother! hahaha
Gianni: unbelievable! Erica THAT smile... :D
Erica: that's too much for me... hahaha can't believe it
Summary: Oscar has found an old photo of himself, Erica and Martine. The photo was taken after 2001 and is very funny.
Dialogue: Derek: Do you have internet upstairs?
Jim: Yup
Patricia: Hm, I do, but only on my laptop
Derek: Weird, I don’t have any connection
Jim: Maybe there’s something wrong with the router
Patricia: Now it’s gone even on my laptop
Derek: Hm, still nothing. I’ll call the provider
Jim: Thanks man, now I don’t have it either
Derek: I’m just wondering why you had it when we didn’t
Patricia: He was probably using all of it :P
Summary: Jim, Derek and Patricia have no internet connection. Derek will call the provider. 
Dialogue: Emily: Are you going to Luisa's bday??
Diana: I don't feel like going there to be honest...
Mary: Yeah, me too
Diana: But I was invited and I didn't say that I would not come
Diana: Sooo... I guess there's no way out :///
Emily: I have the same feelings.........
Mary: Maybe it wont be that bad
Summary: Emily, Diana and Mary don't want to go to Luisa's birthday party, but they feel obliged to.
Dialogue: Andy: hello my darling do you fancy a visit today?
Caron: that would be wonderful xx
Andy: well that will be happening xxx
Caron: nothing like a visit from Andy to brighten my day xxx
Andy: see you in a few hours xxx
Caron: xxxx
Summary: Andy will visit Caron in a few hours. Caron is very happy about it.
Dialogue: Martin: Hi, can you help me?
Lily: Hi, of course
Lily: Tell me what's going on?
Martin: It's Kathy's birthday on Friday and I have no idea what I should buy her
Martin: Do you have any ideas?
Lily: She really likes the band Coldplay lately, maybe their CD?
Martin: That's not a bad idea, thanks :) 
Martin: Can I buy her some chocolates too?
Lily: Oh no, don't do that!
Martin: Why? What's wrong?
Lily: She wants too lose weight and is obsessed lately about that
Martin: I see, so maybe some fruits? :D 
Lily: No that will be looking stupid :D
Martin: Yeah. you're right
Lily: Why don't you buy her a small flower for her room?
Martin: That sounds really good. Thank you a lot :) 
Summary: Martin is going to buy Kathy Coldplay's CD and a small flower for her birthday.
Dialogue: Rivka: Why green?
Rivka: :)
Brecken: Why not green though
Rivka: But why green lol
Brecken: Hope color
Rivka: Hope for what? Lol
Rivka: Just kidding
Brecken: Green eyes are beautiful too
Summary: Rivka and Brecken are talking about the green colour. 
Dialogue: Dorothee: Hiya, I'm after some advice really. I am looking for a bigger family car, one that fits 3 kids seats in the back. Any recommendations?
Ilse: we have a Ford C-Max, they're great. We always fit everyone in! 
Dorothee: and what about boot space? I need space for buggy and bags as well as kids 🤷🤦
Ilse: all fits! 👍
Ginny: we used to have a Skoda Octavia, it was cheap to run and spacious inside. We never tried 3 seats in the back but I am sure it would be big enough. 
Ben: we have a VW Sharan, it a 7 seater so everyone always fits. Rear two seat take up boot though
Dorothee: would three seats fit on the first rear seats Ben?
Ben: Yes, and a great drive btw
Dorothee: thanks all, I will investigate! 
Ben: no worries
Ilse: good luck!
Summary: Dorothee's looking for a bigger family car that fits 3 kids seats.
Dialogue: Mum: Darling, can you take a bus? I must be at school at 7:30
Terry: no pro
Mum: sorry about it
Mum: I'll see you at home later
Terry: ok
Summary: Terry will have to take a bus, because Mum has to be at school at 7:30.
Dialogue: Natasha: Mum's birthday is in two weeks
Joseph: I know. 
Joseph: I have no idea what to give her...
Hilda: Me neither 
Hilda: She has everything
Natasha: Maybe we should give her an experience 
Hilda: What do you mean?
Natasha: Last year for my birthday my friends took me out to do bungee jumping
Hilda: Mum wouldn't like that...
Natasha: Of course not 
Natasha: But we can think of a different experience
Hilda: Like a trip or something?
Joseph: I think mum would love a trip to Italy!
Natasha: What a great idea!!
Natasha: She loves Italy
Natasha: When did she go there last time?
Joseph: 5 years ago... I think
Joseph: Where should we take her?
Hilda: I think she really liked Venice.
Natasha: Lets do it! 
Summary: Natasha, Joseph and Hilda will take their mum for a trip to Italy as a birthday present.
Dialogue: Zoli: Hi!
Zoli: Please ping me when you are around!
Zoli: I'd have a short request to you.
Jess: Darling, off till 27th
Zoli: Ok sweetie!
Zoli: That means I'll spend my last day with you!
Zoli: Enjoy the vacation! I'll try to leave a note and remember!
Jess: Thank you!
Summary: Zoli wants to ask a request of Jess. Jess is on vacation until the 27th.
Dialogue: Linn: Im cooking something nice! :P
Zoe: What?
Linn: Spaghetti carbonara!
Linn: According to a real Italian recipe ;)
Zoe: What do you need for this?
Linn: some minced meat, a lot of ripe tomatoes, onion, garlic and cheeeeese!
Zoe: Im sure it will be delicious!
Linn: I hope! 
Linn: look!
Linn: <file_photo>
Zoe: Wow, looks yummy!
Zoe: my mouth's watering :P
Linn: :P
Summary: Linn is cooking spaghetti carbonara in accordance with the Italian recipe. Zoe thinks Linn's food looks delicious.
Dialogue: Isiah: Do you like Declan?
Shyann: He's good looking
Shyann: but yeah why
Isiah: you think hes good looking?
Shyann: Yeah not my type of guy tho
Isiah: I see haha idk I don't know him well
Isiah: Just met him down the hall today 
Shyann: You guys can hang out more his a good pal and friend
Isiah: Good to hear that 😄
Summary: Isiah met Declan down the hall today. Shynann is just good friends with Declan and says that Isiah can hang out with him. 
Dialogue: Sally: Did you see that new Queen film thats out soon?
Caron: yes.. I really fancy it do you?
Sally: yes I've been playing my old Queen tracks, I love them so much..
Sally: remember the day Freddy died and me and you were in the pub that night?
Caron: oh my god yeah, we were all crying😪😪
Sally: Shall we go?
Caron: with my tissues?
Sally: me too..😪😪😪😪
Caron: we should ask the boys.. they loved Queen
Sally: ok yeah we could make a night of it, go for a meal
Caron:  yes early dinner, the film and then we could hit the pubs later
Sally: that sounds great, this weekend, next?
Caron: I'll find out what Rob says tonight
Sally: cool
Sally: I'm sure that Ted will be up for it he loves to get together with you two
Sally: did you find out about the exam results for Jordan?
Caron: yes he did really well they've asked him back for selection
Sally: Brilliant I am so proud of him 😍🙌🙌
Caron: Yes me too But I always knew he was a goodun!
Summary: Sally, Caron and the boys are fans of Queen and Freddy Mercury. Sally and Caron want to take the boys for an early dinner, watch the film, and then go to the pubs. The night out is going to be this weekend or the next, depending on Rob. Ted is expected to join them.
Dialogue: Julia: I need to start working
Victoria: What are you doing?
Julia: Procrastinating 
Julia: I was watching YT for 2 hours
Julia: I feel horrible
Julia: My deadline is tomorrow
Victoria: Girl you really need to work!!! 
Summary: Julia is procrastinating instead of working.
Dialogue: Sophie: Hi Kate
Kate: Hi Sophie
Sophie: I was just thinking about Jasmine
Kate: What about her?
Sophie: Why is she so popular?
Sophie: What’s the secret?
Sophie: Every guy at school dreams of dating her
Sophie: And she’s not even that pretty
Sophie: There are prettier girls than her 
Kate: You’re much prettier
Kate: But if you ask me
Kate: I think she’s so confident
Kate: And that is what attracts the guys
Kate: Not only the guys
Kate: She has so many friends
Kate: She’s confident but friendly
Kate: Actually I kind of like her 
Sophie: I wish I were like her
Sophie: Maybe then George would look at me…
Kate: You are super beautiful
Kate: Just try to be nicer :P
Summary: Jasmine is popular at school probably because she is confident and friendly. Sophie is beautiful, but if she was nicer, then maybe George would notice her.
Dialogue: Linda: Lovely weather today
Marcel: It is a beautiful day
Candy: But it's cold
Candy: It's sunny so I went out without a hat
Candy: It was a mistake!
Marcel: Oh no!
Linda: It's 2 degrees
Summary: It's sunny but cold, only 2 degrees. 
Dialogue: Helen: Can we meet after class?
Marcus: Sure
George: I finish at 3 p.m.
Helen: We can hang out in the park
Marcus: I'll be hungry
Helen: We can eat at the canteen and then we go to the park
George: Cool 
Summary: Helen, Marcus and George will eat at the canteen and go to the park after class.
Dialogue: Conrad: Hi, Grandma! I'm not sure what I should get for Grandpa's birthday, any suggestions?
Jasmine: Oh sweetie, he'll be happy even if you don't get him anything.
Jasmine: He just wants you to come see him! But there was some book he wanted, you should ask your mum. I can't remember the title, but I'm sure she knows, we were together when he brought it up.
Conrad: Oh! Thanks you so much, I'll ask her now!
Summary: Jasmine suggests that Conrad should ask his mother what book he should get for grandpa's birthday. 
Dialogue: Annie: Hi, just wondering if the room is still available?
Jen: Yes it is. What would you like to know?
Annie: are the utility bills included in the rent or are they separate?
Jen: The utilities are separate. It's about 15 quid per month for the internet, 50 for gas and elec and another 50 for the Council tax. Plus the deposit (which is refundable).
Annie: How much is the deposit?
Jen: The equivalent of 6 weeks rent.
Annie: How much is that?
Jen: It's on the ad. 350pcm rent plus security deposit of 525 quid up front.
Annie: Would you be willing to take a part payment for the deposit?
Jen: Not really.
Annie: I can pay half this month and half the following month.
Jen: The deposit is 525 up front in full. The room is cheap enough as is for the area and it is a really nice big room.
Annie: I'd love to take it but I just started a job and I'm not getting paid until next month. I can pay the rent but only half the deposit this month.
Jen: Like I said the room is cheap and I do need the deposit in full before you move in.
Jen: You can co me around and view it tonight if you like.
Annie: I'd love to but I'm working really late tonight.
Jen: Tomorrow after 7pm is fine as option B.
Annie: I'm working tomorrow night as well.
Jen: Well you know the score. Let me know when you're available to view it and I'll see if I am available. 
Summary: Annie wants to rent a room from Jen, but she cannot pay the full deposit up front as she just started a job and is not getting paid until next month. She would like to see the room but none of the options Jen offers fits her. 
Dialogue: Sara: 5 min and I'm there:)
Greg: ok, gonna wait outside
Sara: ok :-) 
Summary: Sara and Greg are meeting outside in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Dan: hazard is on fire, he deserves balon-do-r
Ian: yeah bro
Dan: best player in the world right now
Ian: he surely tops ronaldo and messi at the moment
Dan: haha, so sick
Ian: remember that dribble against Brazil in the world cup?
Dan: Yeah, totally outplayed Neymar
Ian: yeah, he was the catalyst
Dan: i was so sad to see him exit in the semi's
Ian: me too, but respect to france.
Dan: yeah
Ian: the world champions!!!
Dan: they really deserved to win the finals
Ian: yeah, but croatia made their name
Dan: yeah, regardless of all the difficulties the faced against England
Ian: haha, sure
Dan: Anyway, lets enjoy sarriball
Ian: sarri the master!!
Dan: hehe
Ian: haha
Summary: Dan and Ian comment on football games. They like Eden Hazard the most. 
Dialogue: Ellie: congratulations!! I heard you became a mommy :)
Jill: thanks sweetie
Ellie: how are you feeling?
Jill: soo tired but so happy at the same time, it's a feeling like nothing else
Ellie: awww do you have any pictures??
Jill: <file_photo>
Ellie: so cute!!! she looks like you!
Jill: <file_photo>
Ellie: like mother like daugther!! I am so happy for you :))
Jill: come visit soon! I haven't seen you for ages
Summary: Jill has delivered a baby. She wants Ellie to visit her.
Dialogue: Becky: Liar!
Fiona: I like you, too :-p
Becky: Cheap liar!
Becky: <file_photo>
Fiona: Don't be so angry. I did it for you. Aren't you happy now?
Becky: No! I made a complete idiot of myself. Jeez... it was the first time for a very very veeeeery long time I had felt this embarrassed.
Fiona: Can't possibly think why...
Becky: A blind date? Where are you from? Maybe next time you'll arrange a chaperon for me, eh?
Fiona: Come on! Calm down. How was it?
Becky: Fine. Just fine. I won't tell you anything. I'm too mad with you.
Becky: <file_gif>
Summary: Becky is angry because Fiona set her up for a blind date.
Dialogue: Logan: sup?
Caleb: Hi! Do you know anyone, who's looking for a flatmate?
Caleb: You won't believe this, this dude, who's been living in Mike's room for two weeks now, is just as dirty as Mike.
Logan: no way, another stinky flatmate?
Logan: man, you have rly bad luck with people you live with
Caleb: I know!!! This guy hasn't taken a shower yet. IN TWO WEEKS!!! He doesn't do the dishes and he brings home some really (I mean REALLY) weird people
Logan: some more shtunks? :D
Caleb: It's not funny! I can't stand it!!! I'm just desperate to move out.
Logan: ok, ok, sorry
Logan: actually i know a girl who's looking for a flatmate. and definately she's not a scruff
Logan: do you want me to call her?
Caleb: YES PLEASE
Logan: she's a decent human being, she's had some similar experiences with flatmates with so you should get along with her
Caleb: I hope so!
Caleb: I'm so fed up with stinky flatmates, constant mess and weirdos walking around my flat.
Caleb: naked
Logan: naked?!
Caleb: yes...
Logan: how do you find all these wackos?
Caleb: Craigslist. I know, my bad.
Logan: i mean... man, you asked for it. craigslist is a weird place one the internet
Logan: have you heard about the craigslist killer?
Caleb: Who's this?
Logan: <file_other>
Caleb: Ok, I'm not using Craigslist anymore.
Summary: Caleb needs to find an apartment. His recent flatmate is negligent of hygiene. Logan knows a girl who is looking for a flatmate. Caleb used to find his flatmates on Craigslist.
Dialogue: Pauline: Matt, what was that name of that liquor store near our office?
Matthew: "Alcohol Paradise", that one ?
Pauline: Yes!!! Thanks!
Matthew: Why do you need it, any party going on... ? :D
Pauline: Kind of, yeah
Matthew: tell me more!
Pauline: I got a lot of stuff going on, planning a baby shower, and my fiancees 30 birthday...
Matthew: Is Chris 30 already?! That old bastard hahaha
Pauline: Yes, next week, I am planning a surprise party for him
Matthew: soon you will need to start looking for a younger one :D
Summary: Pauline is throwing a surprise 30th birthday party for Chris, her fiancee. She is also planning a baby shower. 
Dialogue: Ben: What the hell are you doing there?
Frank: What do you mean, Ben?
Ben: I am waiting for your fucking report.
Ben: It was supposed to be on my desk yesterday morning.
Frank: What fucking report?
Ben: You fucking kidding, right?
Frank: I'd never fucking kid you, Ben?
Ben: In my office, now!
Frank: On my way.
Summary: Ben is waiting for Frank's report that was due yesterday morning. Ben requested Frank immediate presence in his office.
Dialogue: Daria: another toxic day at my job...
Bob: oh, god, how's the job hunt cause you're whining about the job here just about every day
Daria: It's the whiners' club, you whine about your shitty life too, Bob.
Bob: at least I try to whine about different aspects of it :P
Freddy: ok, so what about your job?
Daria: It's just those girls you know... They create this toxic, cliquey atmosphere, it's just hard to breathe. The amount of gossip and talking behind your back is just exhausting
Daria: and did I mention they all hate me?
Freddy: how do you know that?
Daria: they subtly let me know, like when they tell me that I'm stuck-up and think I'm better than them
Bob: jeez, what are they 10?
Daria: i would ask the same question, but that would just make me look more stuck-up
Freddy: but seriously how old are they?
Daria: after college, some maybe around 30.
Freddy: you'd expect more a mature behavior from grown women like that
Daria: you think?
Bob: just tell them they can suck it
Daria: oh, great solution, Bob, as always the optimal way out
Freddy: seriously, I'll as around in my company, maybe they need someone.
Daria: that would be great thanks.
Summary: Daria is whining about her job. Daria doesn't feel good in the workplace, because other girls hate her. Freddy will ask in his company if they need someone new.
Dialogue: Mario: just that you know bro, you tried your best, that was one hell of a match
Rui: thanks, it was hard, you are a tough opponent. congratulations
Mario: thanks
Summary: Rui congratulates Mario on winning the match.  
Dialogue: Don: Did you hear?
Al: About what?
Don: What leader of our nation came up with?
Al: Some new brilliant idea?
Don: Not new, but he just shut government to do it.
Al: You mean the wall?
Don: Yeah. Can't believe the prick!
Al: Doesn't surprise me much.
Don: How come he wants to spend billions of dollars to build 180 miles of wall on border that is some 2K miles long?
Al: Well, somebody is gonna make billions on this stretch, and there will be more to come.
Don: Hell, yeah. So fucking obvious!
Al: Isn't it?.
Don: So when he is done with the wall, what next?
Al: I suppose he keeps going across the Atlantic.
Don: It's not even a joke, is it?
Al: Take a wild guess, man.
Summary: The leader of their nation decided to build a 2K miles long wall on border.
Dialogue: Philip: Hell, what a shitty weather! :/ Is it any better in NY, guys?
Jacques: If you like a shit-ton of snow :P
Eric: I spent the whole morning shoveling out the driveway.
Jacques: I told my son it's a real man's job. He did it all for me :D
Philip: Haha, you're a terrible father!
Jacques: I'm fine with it as long as Rory's in the dark :P
Eric: If only I had a boy...
Philip: Third time's a charm! 
Eric: No fucking way, two kids is enough for me! I guess I'll have to deal with being the only man in the house...
Philip: You can always get a dog like I did.
Jacques: Better a cat, it doesn't need walks.
Philip: Damn, I've gotta go, my break's over. I'll get in touch when I'm back in NY.
Summary: There has been a heavy snowfall in New York. Jacques is thrilled because he successfully manipulated his son into shovelling the driveway. Eric would love to have a son too but having a third kid is not an option for him.
Dialogue: Fiona: Hi love, going to Zumba tomorrow morning?
Ali: Not tomorrow, need to get to the dentists.
Fiona: Ouch! What's up?
Ali: Decided to get stuck into Connor's Halloween sweeties, didn't I, greedy cow that I am! Half way through them, broke my tooth on a Drumstick lolly!
Fiona: What a greedy mummy, that'll teach you!
Ali: Anyway, hate dentists and having a numb mouth all day. Hope to come to Zumba next week , I'll have to check my shifts first, though. Byeee!
Summary: Ali will not go to Zumba, because she broke her tooth on Connor's Halloween sweets and she needed to go to a dentist.
Dialogue: Ash: Guess what! Got a new hobby!
Clem: Another one?
Ash: What do u mean?
Clem: Well u either change them regularly or add new ones.
Ash: This time it's different!
Clem: We'll see about that.
Summary: Ash has a new hobby, but he changes them regularly or adds new ones, which makes Clem sceptical about it.
Dialogue: Andrew: Hey Dwayne, I'm painting my room this weekend. Wanna help?
Dwayne: Errr… would there be beer involved?
Andrew: I suppose I could get a couple of suds.
Dwayne: Ok, what time you wanna start?
Andrew: After lunch, 12:30?
Dwayne: Why don't we go somewhere for lunch together. Have you got the paints yet?
Andrew: I have the colour picked out, but I have to buy them in the morning.
Dwayne: So I'll go with you, and then grab a bite to eat and start.
Andrew: Ok, sounds good.
Dwayne: What's the colour?
Andrew: Black
Dwayne: What??
Andrew: Just kidding! Kind of like an olive green.
Dwayne: OK. Do you want me to bring something?
Andrew: No, I'm picking up the paints, rollers and brushes in the morning.
Dwayne: I could bring mine.
Andrew: No, don't worry about it. Just be here at 9 on Sat.
Dwayne: Ok, bye.
Summary: Dwayne will help Andrew with painting his room on Saturday. Andrew is going to buy the olive green paints, rollers and brushes in the morning.
Dialogue: Sylvia: Hi Isabella, thanks again for yesterday! 
Isabella: Thank YOU! The workshop was amazing! I wish we had one with you tomorrow, too! 
Sylvia: Glad to hear it, hope you'll find the methods practical.
Isabella: It was really food for thought. 
Sylvia: Can I ask you a favour?
Isabella: Yes, of course, what can I do for you? 
Sylvia: I didn't take a photo of your riddle and I liked it so much. Do you have a picture you could send over?
Isabella: The "Education" one? 
Sylvia: Exactly!
Isabella: Sure, here it comes: 
Isabella: <file_photo>
Sylvia: Oh, lovely, thanks so much! 
Summary: Sylvia held a workshop yesterday. Isabella attended the workshop and enjoyed it. Isabella send Sylvia a photo of an "Education" riddle. 
Dialogue: Claire: How does it feel to turn 30?
Roberta: It's like any other birthday 
Roberta: You don't become "mature" from one day to the other
Gertrude: I had a big party but nothing really changed
Gertrude: I don't feel significantly older 
Claire: I'm turning 30 next week!
Gertrude: Welcome to the club
Summary: Claire's 30th birthday is next week. Roberta and Gertruda are already 30 and don't feel any different than before.
Dialogue: Amelia: girlsss
Amelia: i wanna watch a xmas movie
Amelia: any ideas??
Miranda: Ooo, I was also wondering about that
Rose: I have sth
Rose: But I must check the title
Rose: Wait a sec
Amelia: Ok :)
Rose: The Princess Switch
Miranda: On netflix??
Rose: Yes :)
Rose: Main role plays Vanessa Hudgens ;-)
Amelia: (/◕ヮ◕)/
Summary: Amelia wants to watch an xmas movie. Rose recommends The Princess Switch on Netflix with Vanessa Hudgens.
Dialogue: Lucas: i have news for you
Michael: what is it?
Lucas: you know that soccer match next week?
Michael: the one we wanted to go but couldn't find tickets anywhere?
Lucas: that one
Michael: what about it?
Lucas: BRIAN GOT TICKETS FOR US!!!
Michael: REALLY!?!?!
Lucas: YES!!!!!!!
Michael: how??!?! the match was sold out
Lucas: turns out his dad is friends with the team's manager
Michael: unbelievable
Lucas: yup, we have friends in high places
Michael: i know, i'm so excited!!!
Lucas: are they good seats?
Michael: they are AMAZING seats
Lucas: can't wait!!!!
Michael: me too
Lucas: we should give brian and his dad something to thank them
Michael: that's a good idea 
Summary: Brian managed to get tickets for Lucas and Michael to the soccer match next week. The match was sold out, but Brian's dad's friend is the team manager and he arranged the tickets. Lucas and Michael will give something to Brian and his dad to thank them.
Dialogue: Martha: Hey bae, talk to me.
Lee: Suer bbe. S'up?
Martha: Not much. Watcha doin? 
Lee: Just chillin. U?
Martha: Girl stuff ;)
Lee: Like what? :)
Martha: U know. Make-up and stuff.
Lee: Oh. Goin somewhere?
Martha: No. Getin ready for u ;)
Lee: So qt Abby
Lee: Baby*
Lee: And here we go...
Martha: Who's Abby? 
Lee: Yup there it is
Martha: Who's Abby? 
Lee: Don't know any Abby. Autocorrect.
Martha: Don't believe u.
Lee: Bae let's not do this again.
Summary: Martha is getting ready for Lee.
Dialogue: Susan: Alex, do u wanna go out for a beer?
Alexandra: 😊 I’d love to! I’m on a diet but fuck the diet.
Susan: I’ve checked the calories of drinks for you and you know that 1.5-ounce shot of vodka, gin, rum or whiskey contains an average of 97 calories?
Susan: It’s not that much 😉
Summary: Susan and Alexandra will go out for a beer even though Alexandra is on a diet.
Dialogue: Kelly: have you been going to the gym recently?
Greg: no i haven't :-/
Greg: i haven't been motivated at all
Kelly: right?!?? me neither!!!
Kelly: it's just better to get home from work, get on the couch, watch tv
Greg: we should motivate each other
Greg: after all we got the membership together
Greg: we're throwing away our money
Kelly: noooooooo
Kelly: don't make me feel guilty!!!!!!
Greg: come on, we need to get in shape!
Kelly: dude i'm tired when i get home from work
Kelly: the last thing i want to do is go to the gym
Greg: let's make a deal: we go only 3 days a week
Greg: 3 days?
Greg: Kelly? are you there?
Kelly: ok i'll do it
Summary: Kelly and Greg weren't going to the gym lately. Kelly watches TV after work. They got the gym membership together. They will go 3 days a week.
Dialogue: Sam: I have those samples for your wife Jack
Jack: Oh awesome, she's gonna be so happy
Sam: Sorry for the delay, we were waiting for new colors
Jessica: Sam, finally! I have the crew on hold for weeks 
Summary: After weeks of delay, Sam has got those samples for Jessica.
Dialogue: Greg: Is the car still available?
Jim: Yeah it is mate.
Greg: When can I come around to see it?
Jim: Anytime after 8pm tonight is fine.
Greg: 8:30 tonight. Does that work for you?
Jim: Yes that's fine.
Jim: My address is 120 Station Road, BS6 4AB. You'll see it in the driveway when you come up.
Greg: Thanks. I'll be there for 8:30.
Summary: Greg will see over the car tonight at 8:30. The address is 120 Station Road, BS6 4AB.
Dialogue: Bam: Hii :)
Katy: Hey Hey :D
Bam: Can I ask you something?
Katy: Sure you can. What's going on?
Bam: Would you go out with me on Friday?
Katy: Are you for real? :p
Bam: I thought that we could go to dinner and a movie.
Katy: That actually sounds like it would be a lot of fun.
Bam: Unless there's something else you would prefer to do.
Katy: Actually, I would really like to go to dinner and a movie!
Bam: What time do you want me to come by and pick you up?
Katy: Is 7:30 cool with you?
Bam: That's perfect, so I'll see you then :)
Katy: Perfect. I will see you on Friday :)
Summary: Bam asks Katy to go on a date on Friday at 7.30.
Dialogue: Andy: hey man need some help?
Sam: no thanks don't spy on me from across the street
Andy: haha let me know if you need me
Sam: thanks!
Summary: Sam will let Andy know if he needs some help. 
Dialogue: Mary: I bought you a new book
Gus: What book?
Mary: A letter from the past
Gus: Great, thanks
Summary: Mary bought Gus the book 'A letter from the past'. 
Dialogue: Felicity: Hi, Gene. Have you seen this Polish movie?
Gene: What Polish movie?
Felicity: It's called Cold War. Nominated for Oscars.
Gene: No, I wouldn't mind though.
Felicity: Let's go tonight, the show is at 8.
Gene: Cool. Pick you up at 7:30.
Summary: Gene will pick up Felicity at 7.30 to watch an Oscar-nominated Polish movie Cold War at 8.
Dialogue: Tim: Are we going for a pint later?
Bill: as soon as I'm done with this code
Tom: nice!
Summary: Tim, Bill and Tom are going for a pint as soon as Bill is done with coding.
Dialogue: Sam: TITANIC IS ON, CHANNEL 5!!!!!!!!!!!
Dana: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sam: You jump I jump Jack!!
Dana: <file_gif>
Summary: "Titanic" is on on Channel 5.
Dialogue: Johnny: (b) after work?
Sam: (y)
Johnny: (y) :D
Summary: Johnny and Sam are going to meet after work.
Dialogue: Kate: I've checked the price
Lia: and?
Kate: it's 37$ for a 1-day pass
Margaret: what? that's not cheap
Kate: but it's a huge archaeological site
Kate: there're also other options
Margaret: namely?
Kate: 3-day pass and 7-day pass
Stella: hmm, but can we stay that long?
Kate: 3 days we can afford
Margaret: what is the price?
Kate: 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72
Margaret: crap, the difference between 3 and 7 is nothing
Lia: quite mean
Summary: The prices for the archeological site are: 37$ for a 1-day pass, 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72.
Dialogue: Jennie:  still there?
Wendy: no he just dropped me home
Jennie: ahaaannn!! How was it?
Wendy: very good! Hes superb I really like him Jennie: wow! Superb as in?
Wendy:  he is good looking, talks sensibly, take the lead, has good sense of humor and kind heart..
Jennie: wow… you found out everything in first date!
Wendy: yesss..!! I am already falling for him…
Jennie: ahannnn! So anything happened?
Wendy: are you crazy?
Jennie:  why? That’s something very normal?
Wendy: but you know me?
Jennie: yeah but I don’t know him and since your so impressed I thought!! lol
Wendy: your crazy
Jennie: YO!
Summary: Wendy likes her new date a lot but nothing has happened.
Dialogue: Kate: Have you heard that Andrew found a new species in Guyana?
Meghan: Yes, everybody's talking about it
Will: hehe, even the bbc wrote about him
Will: <file_other>
Jeff: but what did he find?
Kate: a blue tarantula of the Ischnocolinae subfamily
Jeff: Did he go there as a part of a project?
Kate: Yes he went there with WWF
Kate: what is more, they found more than 30 new species
Meghan: but this is the jungle of Guyana, everybody knows it's still full of unknown life
Will: it's very exciting!
Summary: Andrew found a new tarantula species in Guyana. He went there with the WWF. They also found another 30 new species.
Dialogue: Larry: Andy, you're an old bastard XD
Andy: Hah, what did I do this time?
Larry: Why didn't you tell me you're getting married? XD
Andy: Dunno, had too much to do recently XD
Summary: Andy didn't tell Larry he was getting married because he was busy.
Dialogue: Mel: Who want to go to Irina tomorrow?
Maria: I'll be there
Sean: me!
Bradley: me too:)
Mel: great, I'll take a car then
Summary: Mel, Maria, Sean and Bradley will go to Irina tomorrow.
Dialogue: Peter: <file_video>
Peter: cant be that hard man...
Mick: lmao
Mick: do do this at home!
Peter: best prank ever
Mick: but you can get arrested
Summary: Peter has shown Mick a prank video. Mick wants him to recreate the prank at home, but it is illegal.
Dialogue: Bertil: Hi Mia
Bertil: My phone is giving me an error message again..
Bertil: Do you remember when you helped me with it the last time?
Mia: Hey
Mia: Yes
Mia: You mean that message about the storage?
Bertil: Yes
Bertil: This is so frustrating
Bertil: What was it we did?
Mia: You need to go to settings and click on storage
Mia: Click over there first
Bertil: Ok
Mia: Then click on internal storage after that
Mia: And delete cache files
Bertil: Ah! Yes I found it :)
Bertil: Thank you!!
Bertil: You're a star ⭐
Mia: 👏👏👏
Summary: Bertil is having problems with storage on her phone. Mia suggests deleting cache files and it works.
Dialogue: Ashley: Diane, what was the name of the jewelry manufacturer you told me about?
Diane: Wait a sec, I'm going to add Kristy to the conversation - she asked me about the same thing.
Diane: So the jewelry manufacturer is called Locke's - here's their on-line store - <file_other>
Kristy: oh, hi, girls. Diane, thx for the link I loved the set you were wearing at the gala.
Diane: Thank you! They have wonderful designs, I strongly encourage you to check them out.
Ashley: I love those sets!
Diane: And they're a small privately own workshop, not some big company.
Kristy: <3
Ashley: Thanks for link :)
Diane: Any time :)
Summary: Ashley and Kristy loved Diane's jewelery. They asked her for the producer's name. She tells them it's an artisan's workshop called Locke's.
Dialogue: Katherine: I've got an idea
Jonas: I'm all ears...
Katherine: Let's shoot him an email saying that we can't do the assignment for the next class
Jonas: He's got to postpone it for the next week, we're swamped with work
Jonas: I'm pissed off. We've got no private life since the beginning of the semester!!!
Katherine: Me too
Summary: Katherine and Jonas will send him an email to extend the deadline for their assignment as they have been too busy since the semester started.
Dialogue: Danny: Do I need to bring anything?
Frank: No, no, we’re sorted, just waiting for all of you to come :)
Leo: Grace and I are bringing some wine.
Frank: Cool! xxx
Summary: Danny and Leo are going to visit Frank. Leo's bringing some wine.
Dialogue: Kate: They what? They split up?
Jennifer: OMG why?
Kate: AAMOF no idea
Jennifer: Did you talk to her?
Kate: Not yet. How is she?
Jennifer: Not good
Jennifer: Gotta go
Kate: XOXO
Jennifer: XOXO
Summary: Jennifer and Kate found out that the split up with him.
Dialogue: Pam: Have you seen my hairdryer?
Pam: I can't find it anywhere.
Lisa: Oh, damn, I forgot to tell you...
Lisa: It has broken down this morning
Lisa: So I called Chris and he told me to bring it to him and he'll cast an eye over it
Pam: For fuck's sake!
Pam: What am I supposed to do now?! Shit!
Lisa: I'm really sorry, but it's nobody's fault
Lisa: It's called perversity of inanimate objects, nothing more
Pam: Fuckin' bad luck
Summary: Pam's hairdryer broke and Lisa gave it to Chris to fix it.
Dialogue: Jim: I'm waiting downstairs
Kora: We're coming, stay there
Tim: did you take the glasses?
Jim: sure I did
Summary: Jim is waiting downstairs. Kora and Tim are going to meet Jim. Jim took glasses.
Dialogue: Brandon: Hi Zara, all ready for tomorrow?
Zara: Not really, I'm bricking it, I hate maths so much!
Brandon: Yeah, the higher papers usually suck. I tried a few past papers, been timing myself, and I'm really struggling to finish them.
Zara: God, you total bloody nerd! I thought you were cool!
Brandon: There's nothing cool about failing, Zara. You have to retake the bloody thing until you pass it! 
Zara: Yeah, I knew that, duh!
Brandon: Anyway, how are you finding quadratic equations, solid, aren't they?
Zara: Piece of piss!
Brandon: Don't tell me, you've not even looked at them, have you?
Zara: Brandon, could you come round for an hour just to run through your papers with me, I am really scared about tomorrow.
Brandon: Course I will, make us both coffees and I'll be over at half past.
Zara: Thanks Brand!☺
Summary: Zara is studying for tomorrow's maths exam. She really hates it. Brandon will come over at half past to help her study.
Dialogue: Chantal: anybody wants to celebrate the referendum results tomorrow?
Geoffrey: sure, this calls for a drink!
Joan: come to my place, there will be other "disgusting abortionists" to celebrate the victory:)
Chantal: great!
Summary: Joan invites Chantal and Geoffrey to her place tomorrow to celebrate the referendum results.
Dialogue: Luciano: how is Bella doing?
Olenna: she was quite anxious yesterday, especially when she met Diego for the first time
Charlie: send us some photos!
Luciano: did Diego accept her?
Olenna: well he was quite jealous, I could tell he had been sulking
Olenna: but he's calm when she is approaching him
Luciano: I think those two won't fight, Diego is quite mature and calm so it wouldn't be a problem
Olenna: once Rosa entered his sleeping spot and he seemed confused, not angry
Charlie: pics please!
Olenna: oh right
Olenna: <file_photo>
Olenna: <file_photo>
Charlie: is it ragdoll? :o
Luciano: omg!
Olenna: <file_photo>
Olenna: sorry gotta go!
Charlie: ok but send more pics later on
Olenna: sure!
Summary: Bella met Diego for the first time yesterday. She was tense. Diego was territorial. But he wasn't aggressive when Rosa entered his bed. Olenna will send Charlie more photos.
Dialogue: Mom: how was your project?
Lily: teacher said that it wasn't good enough
Mom: really?! don't worry sweetie, i know yours was the best! :*
Summary: Lily's project at school wasn't good enough for the teacher. Mom comforts her. 
Dialogue: Gabe: Yo douchebag
Larry: Yo dickhead
Gabe: Gfy
Larry: Good for me?
Gabe: Dunno, but if you go fuck yourself it's definitely good for me XD
Larry: XD
Gabe: Anyway I got the tickets for Eminem
Larry: Cool
Gabe: Fun fact: the kids today say Eminem is for old people
Larry: Wtf
Gabe: Yeah, Pam's cousin Jim is 15 and says Marshall is for old boring white guys
Larry: But Jim's white himself!
Gabe: At least he's not old XD
Larry: Anyway rap music sucks today
Gabe: Yeah, I agree, it's not the same anymore
Larry: Back at the turn of the millennium it was a million times better
Gabe: Yep... it all really sounds the same today
Larry: Fun fact 2: old fans said the same about our fave rappers back in 2000
Gabe: I know, I remember
Larry: Anyway I hope Marshall kicks ass
Gabe: He will, he's the best
Larry: Yep... How much do I owe you for the ticket?
Gabe: I'll tell you later when we meet
Larry: Fine for me

Summary: Gabe has bought tickets for an Eminem concert. Gabe will later tell Larry how much does he owe him.
Dialogue: Stella: Hi
Stella: <file_gif>
Stella: Sending you my schedule
Ronnie: Hi 😊
Stella: <file_other>
Ronnie: will check it
Ronnie: thanks
Stella: 😊
Summary: Stella sent Ronnie her schedule.
Dialogue: Roy: I forgot to ask. What is the homework?
Amber: I’ll send you by email.
Roy: I would like to write something if you don’t mind.
Amber: I’m sending you an article. You can write a summary using your own words.
Roy: I see. The one about Saudi Arabia?
Amber: Yes.
Roy: You’ve been sending me a lot of stuff about Saudi Arabia recently. 
Amber: True… I’ll try to be more diverse ;-)
Summary: Amber will send Roy an article about Saudi Arabia.
Dialogue: Harrison: Bro. Which is you favourite Avenger.
Mike: The Black Panther is the gaffer.
Harrison: Haha. Because he has the African Accent?
Mike: No man! his moves are just top class.
Mike: I am starting to wonder who is yours
Harrison: I will go for Captain America who looks more realistic but lethal
Mike: Alright🙄
Summary: Mike's favourite Avenger is the Black Panther. Harrison's - Captain America.
Dialogue: Kevin: <file_other>
Alice: Sweet Jesus
Alice: What's that?
Maria: :o
Kevin: Cevapi with ajvar
Alice: Food porn xD
Maria: Looks delicious!!
Maria: *.*
Kevin: Now I know it for sure - Serbian food is the best!!
Alice: Did you ask for a recipe?
Alice: I want to make it!
Maria: Don't forget to invite me! :D
Alice: Ofc ;-)
Summary: Kevin sent a photo of Cevapi with ajvar, which looks delicious. Alice wants to make it herself.
Dialogue: Ulrich: how do you bake with no eggs?
Olaf: O_o
Hans: u mean vegan cakes? that's awful
Ulrich: I thought you would know as vegans
Olaf: I'm not vegan, I'm vegetarian ;p
Olaf: I had no idea you can bake with no eggs
Hans: are you going vegan?
Ulrich: no, I just want to bake something for Sasha's bday
Hans: how nice og you
Hans: as long as it's edible ;p
Olaf: I found this online
Olaf: <file_other> here's a web page with vegan cakes
Hans: do you even bake, dude?
Ulrich: I don't
Olaf: those recipes look complicated
Hans: so you don't bake and you're not vegan and you want to bake sth for your picky vegan gf?
Olaf: lol
Hans: looks like you're suicidal man ;DDDD
Olaf: don't sabotage your relationship
Ulrich: I thought it would be simple
Hans: god it's so common for men to think they could learn sth easily just because they don't appreciate female skills
Olaf: buuuuuurn
Ulrich: so you're saying it's hard
Hans: don't screw up her bday, bake a beta cake first
Hans: we'll tell you how bad it it
Hans: if it's ok then bake for her
Olaf: <file_gif>
Ulrich: maybe it will be better if I buy her something nice
Summary: Ulrich wants to bake a vegan cake for his girlfriend's birthday, but he doesn't know how to. Hans' advice is to make a trial cake first.
Dialogue: Kim: Will you be home after 5:00?
Jon: Yes. 
Kim: Can I pop in to borrow the dictionary?
Jon: Sure! 
Summary: Kim will pop in after 5:00 to borrow Jon's dictionary.
Dialogue: Dad: I am making some pancakes come downstairs
Olaf: Ohh nice of you
Olaf: Coming right away! 
Summary: Dad wants Olaf to come downstairs to have some pancakes.
Dialogue: Alex: Hey we're going to Greece this summer?
Sakis: Ye, grandma is sick nowadays
Alex: I know
Alex: Should I search tix for us? 
Sakis: Ye its a good time to book em now
Alex: What airline u prefer? 
Sakis: Aegean? 
Alex: Sure 
Summary: Sakis and Alex will go to Greece this summer. The grandma is sick. Alex will search for flights with Aegean Airlines.
Dialogue: Ivy: I have the best Christmas playlist!
Logan: What is it?
Ivy: It's on Spotify. Christmas Piano or something.
Logan: Sounds boring!
Ivy: It's actually good when you're working.
Logan: Probably not distracting.
Ivy: Not at all.
Ivy: Just background music.
Logan: I'll give it a try. Need to get in the spirit!
Ivy: I hear you!
Logan: Too depressed for Christmas this year.
Ivy: I'm in touch.
Logan: It's the weather. And the president. And the world!
Ivy: Whoa! You need a drink!
Logan: TGIF...
Summary: Ivy has good Christmas music on Spotify. Logan might like to try listening to it, too, as he doesn't feel the Christmas spirit yet.
Dialogue: Adam: hey, can u write now?
Maya: nope, I'm busy :(
Maya: try around 1 p.m.
Adam: ok, no prob
Summary: Adam will text Maya around 1 pm.
Dialogue: Kirk: Have you seen the wine with Holy Mary on the label somewhere recently?
Alexa: Don't bother, I've bought some red wine which I actually already opened ;) 
Kirk: Oh, ok, you're quick!
Alexa: I've been waiting and waiting...
Kirk: Okay, okay, on my way now! What was the address again?
Alexa: Yardley St 15/3. 
Kirk: Will be there in like 20 minutes! Don't drink the whole wine!
Alexa: No worries, there are four bottles in total!
Summary: Kirk will be at Alexa's place on Yardley St in 20 minutes. Alexa has four wine bottles at home.
Dialogue: Adam: Hey, you forgot your hat from my house
Max: :)
Max: I've been looking for it 
Max: Thanks. It means it's not lost
Adam: LMFAO
Max: No, but seriously. It has crossed my mind that I dropped i somewhere when I was drunk :D
Adam: People loose their kids when they're drunk, so loosing a hat is not the worst option :D
Max: LOL
Adam: <file_gif>
Max: :)
Summary: Max has left his hat at Adam's house. 
Dialogue: Betty: Hey Darling, I'll be late tonight, don't wait for me with dinner :(
Justin: No problem, I'll eat everything myself
Betty: LOL, pleas don't do it, we still have some hungry children, btw do you know when they are finishing the dancing classes?
Justin: Susie at 5, Angie 5.20, luckily Mrs Florence can give them a lift home
Betty: That's great! Pls remember also to give Whiskers some food.
Justin: I already gave him the food, he stares at me now XD
Summary: Betty will be late tonight so she might miss dinner. Mrs Florence can pick up Susie at 5 and Angie at 5.20. Justin has already fed Whiskers.
Dialogue: Boris: What a mess with this Brexit thing.
Johnson: You are right. Seems they fucked up all right.
Boris: They did that.
Johnson: Wait. Didn't you vote for Brexit?
Boris: I sure did. Never knew they'd fuck up like that though!
Johnson: Would you vote differently now?
Boris: Nah. I need my voters, don't I?
Summary: Boris voted for Brexit, but wouldn't vote differently now even though he thinks it's a mess now.
Dialogue: Jimmy: my kazoo came from china!
Karen: your what?
Jimmy: <file_video>
Karen: what the hell is that thing
Jimmy: ahaha it's a kazoo, that's an instrument
Karen: it shounds horrible, why would anyone want to listen to something like that?
Jimmy: don't be so critical! It has it's own perks
Karen: maybe when it lays on a table, definitely not when you are playing it
Jimmy: hahaha come on
Karen: don't you dare sending me another video with this
Jimmy: <file_video>
Karen: Jimmy!!!!!!! 
Summary: Jimmy had a kazoo delivered from China. He sends Karen videos with kazoo music. 
Dialogue: Reuben: hey, what are you doing?
Lucy: nothing special
Lucy: why are you asking?
Reuben: I want to take Daisy and Norma for a walk
Reuben: I thought you could join us with Marvin
Lucy: great idea, meet you on our usual spot then!
Summary: Reuben wants Lucy and Marvin to join him, Daisy, and Norma for a walk.
Dialogue: Adriene: It’s close to impossible
Broderick: But there is a chance it’ll work
Adriene: We can’t just test it, university authorities will dismiss us if they find out
Broderick: So make sure they wont
Adriene: You can never be sure, it’s too risky
Broderick: Well I’m doing it. Tonight. U joining me or what?
Summary: Broderick is going to do it tonight even though he may be dismissed if the university authorities find out. 
Dialogue: Albert: hi everybody! we're meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am
Albert: please don't be late!
Owen: sooo early :O
Frederick: hi albert! ok, thanks for the info!
Owen: i'll try :D
Albert: owen... ;)
Caleb: hey, cool, i'll be there
Finlay: hey, hey
Finlay: i'm not sure atm if i'll be able to come ;/
Finlay: been feeling a bit sick since yesterday :(
Frederick: noo you have to come!
Caleb: yeah :O
Caleb: it's not gonna be the same without you, come on finlay!
Finlay: heh, i know, i'll let you know tomorrow morning i guess...
Albert: oh! fingers crossed!
Frederick: let us pray!
Caleb: :D
Finlay: :D
Summary: Albert, Owen, Frederick and Caleb are meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am. Finlay isn't sure if he can come as he's been feeling a bit sick since yesterday. 
Dialogue: Ethan: Ju ju helloooo 🙃
Ethan: How's Schmoze? I hope he's going to be ok 🐱
Ethan: 🐈
Ethan: Can you do me a favour, and send me your address, I have misplaced it 😝
Ethan: Don't tell Mike 😎
Julian: Hellooo
Julian: Haha
Julian: Schmo is ok, sleeping a lot :)
Julian: Victoria buildings, flat. 6, HTR 15534, Naxxar, Malta.
Ethan: Cheers! 👍👍
Summary: Ethan asked Julia about the well-being of Schmoze the cat and about her address.
Dialogue: Peter: I’ve been thinking about you
Dorothy: Sweet
Peter: I’d like to see you
Dorothy: Now?
Dorothy: It’s 11 p.m.
Dorothy: I’m going to sleep.
Peter: That’s a shame
Dorothy: You don’t talk to me for weeks and late Saturday evening suddenly you remember about my existence
Dorothy: If you want to fuck you need to try harder hun ;-)
Summary: Peter is texting Dorothy at 11 p.m. on Saturday after not talking to her for weeks, and she reckons he needs to try harder if he wants to go to bed with her.
Dialogue: Mike: Granta tonight?
Alice: I'll be there!
Candy: Count me in!
Summary: Mike, Alice and Candy agree to meet in Granta tonight.
Dialogue: Robert: drinks on me on friday night
Alaba: Haha, you owe me so many drinks bro
Robert: yeah, i know.haha
Alaba: nice show btw, you rocked the pitch
Robert: haha, come on, we all played our part
Alaba: but you gave us the goals
Robert: thanks bro
Alaba: now we just have to target the big trophy
Robert: it requires team effort
Alaba: lots of hard work especially
Robert: yeah
Alaba: whats your assesment of our midweek fixture against Dortmund
Robert: they are tough, but we should win, the coach will brief us on sunday
Alaba: we cant afford to slip up
Robert: totally cant
Alaba: lets talk more over the drinks, lets invite riberry also and robben
Robert: yeah, ill text them
Alaba: cool, see you in training then
Robert: hope you wont be late today
Alaba: haha, i wont
Summary: Alaba and Robert will do their best. Robert will text Riberry and Robben to talk about it over drinks. Alaba hopes Robert won't be late for training today.
Dialogue: Beth: what are my kids up to? :*
Sally: busy at work... 
Sally: god i wish it was friday already
Jake: yeah same here
Jake: <file_photo>
Jake: working hard ;)
Sally: what's up mom?
Beth: i was thinking maybe you could come home early for christmas eve
Beth: we could go to the cinema or something
Jake: and help clean up the house...? :D
Beth: that's not what I meant :)
Jake: nah just joking mom, that's a good idea
Summary: Sally is busy at work. Beth suggests that Sally and Jake could come home early for Christmas Eve. Jake thinks it's a good idea.
Dialogue: Amber: Hey Sweetie, when RU coming home?
Johnny: I need to finish up a few reports here, so I guess about 5.30
Amber: <file_photo>
Johnny: No way! You made my favourite dinner? 
Amber: Yes, and also your favourite dessert!
Johnny: Darling, I'll do my best to get back even around 5 :D
Summary: Johnny will make it home from work for 5 instead of 5.30 as Amber made his favourite food.
