Dialogue: Helen: Honey, could you do something for me?
Helen: buy me a cream 
Helen: :)
Lucas: Why do you need it?
Helen: I baked a cake for my mother, but I forgot about the cream.
Lucas: for mom's birthday?
Helen: Yes honey, i need it for tomorrow :)
Summary: Helen asked Lucas to buy cream for her mother's birthday cake.
Dialogue: Emily: Hi, Giorgio! Are you ok?
Giorgio: Ciao Emily! I'm fine. What's going on?
Emily: I'd like to ask you something... maybe a little unusual.
Giorgio: Oh God! No, Emily, I'm not gay. :D
Emily: Haha, no, it has to do with Daniele, Marco and their friends. They keep saying that going to the movies on a Saturday night is a thing for old and boring people. I love watching movies but it seems like all the Italian people I know here in Turin just want to go to clubs or get drunk or both, you know...
Giorgio: Yes, I know, but those guys are, well, I don't want to offend them so I'll just say they don't have a huge intellectual landscape.
Emily: You know, sometimes I miss my friends back in England. :P
Giorgio: I know, but if you want you can come to the Cinema Massimo with Martina, Francesco and me next Saturday. They will be playing the new Sorrentino film. Are you interested?
Emily: Of course I am! Thank you. :)
Giorgio: Obviously no grudge against Daniele and Marco, they are fine guys. ;)
Emily: Obviously. ;)
Summary: Emily is upset. She can't find a company for movies in Turin, because her peers think it's suitable for old people. Giorgio invites her to the cinema with Martina and Francesco next Saturday. 
Dialogue: Paige: so i am looking for a bathrobe right now
Paige: can't really find anything i like
Clara: you need to get this fluffy ones
Clara: they are sooo comfy and warm
Clara: i have the one that looks like a bunny, it's so cute <3
Natalia: Clara is right, getting fluffy bathrobe was the best thing I ever did haha
Natalia: i hate the ones they give you at some hotels
Natalia: they are so scratchy sometimes...
Clara: i use mine all the time, it happens that i fall asleep in it haha
Clara: it's THAT COMFY
Paige: <file_photo>
Paige: is that the one you have Clara?
Clara: yes very similar :) i recommend it
Natalia: ohhh this one is so cool!! that's what i am talking about
Paige: right then
Paige: i just need to decide if i want to be a bunny or a bear now hahah
Summary: Paige is looking for a bathrobe. Clara and Natalia recommend her the fluffy ones. Paige agrees, but can't decide whether to buy a rabbit or a bear bathrobe.
Dialogue: Darcy: This new Ruth Wilson show looks good!
Jay: What's it called?
Darcy: Mrs. Wilson I think!
Jay: Oh! LOL!
Darcy: Yeah, but it's all about her own family. She plays like her grandmother or something.
Jay: Really? 
Darcy: Yeah. They like found out he was a spy and had another wife and kids!
Jay: This is the chick who plays Alice on Luther, right? 
Darcy: Yes! This is her new show.
Jay: So she probably won't be back for Luther?
Darcy: Don't think so. She supposedly died, remember?
Jay: Yea, but you know how that goes.
Darcy: I know. They always bring them back somehow.
Jay: Maybe she was just busy doing this show when they wanted her for Luther.
Darcy: That's probably it.
Jay: Anyway, maybe I'll watch the new show. When is it on?
Darcy: I don't know just watch it on iplayer.
Jay: Good idea.
Darcy: That's what I do. I can watch a bunch at once and get caught up.
Jay: I hate having to be tied to a single night for a show.
Darcy: Me too!
Summary: There is a new show with Ruth Wilson. She plays Alice on Luther as well.  Darcy watches it on iplayer. 
Dialogue: Johnson: Sorry I couldn't pick up, I was driving. Did you need something?
Rick: Just wanted to ask if you were home, got nothing to do..
Johnson: Ahahha Just came to the supermarket to get some stuff and will be home in about 30 minutes. 
Rick: Can I stop by?
Johnson: Sure bro! Show up in about 40 minutes ok? 
Rick: Cool, cya in a bit!
Summary: Rick will drop by at Johnson's in 40 minutes.
Dialogue: Greg: Hello, I've made a reservation using your website, but I've just received an information from the hotel that it is no longer valid.
John: Hello Greg, I'm truly sorry to hear that. Could you please send me the reference number?
Greg: BJD90e2FS
John: Thank you, Greg. Checking the status right now.
Greg: I have checked the option to pay the total amount in advance. I saw the bank froze the sum on my account already.
John: It seems that indeed your booking has been cancelled by the hotel.
Greg: Aha, and why is that? I'm in a very difficult position right now as I've just arrived in Barcelona and have nowhere to stay.
John: We are really sorry for the inconvenience, but you need to contact the hotel directly. We will do the same to find out what happened and why your booking was cancelled in order to avoid this happening again in the future.
Greg: But what should I do now? I've spoken to the manager and he said it might have been cancelled by accident. They don't have any vacancies right now and all options suggested by the local staff is well above my budget. Especially, as my budget for the accommodation is still frozen and I can't access it.
John: If your reservation was cancelled, you should receive the whole sum back. Please contact your bank to find out the time when it can be processed.
Greg: Thank you, but that doesn't solve my problem. Banks are already closed as it's past 8 PM. I'm currently standing in the hotel lobby with all my luggage with no place to go to. As I made a reservation on your website, I think you or the hotel should take the responsibility to provide me with an affordable place to stay.
John: I am sorry to hear that, Greg, but in accordance with our policy, we do not take any responsibility for hotels actions. The sum you paid should be reimbursed to you as soon as possible. We also will review our cooperation with the hotel, but unfortunately, we are not able to book for you a different place.
Greg: Great service indeed. So what should I do in this case?
John: In situations such as this, we strongly advise our clients to use our website to make another booking and always make sure that the reservation was confirmed by the hotel. If you are not sure whether your booking was successful, please contact the hotel staff directly.
Summary: Greg's hotel reservation in Barcelona was cancelled and he has no place to stay. It's past 8 pm and he's waiting in the hotel lobby. John's company will call the hotel to find out why the reservation was cancelled and they will review their cooperation. John can't book accommodation for Greg. 
Dialogue: Emma: Happy birthday! May all your wishes come true :-)
Will: Thanks a lot!
Emma: Are you celebrating tonight?
Will: Frankly speaking, not really. I've been feeling a little off colour lately and haven't planned any party. You would have been invited, of course!
Emma: Next time :-) We will paint the town red. I'm sorry you're going through some bad time now.
Will: Not the first time and not the last time. Soon I'll be alive and kicking :-)
Emma: Ok, oldie. Let's keep in touch and arrange some get-together when you've got it over. Bye for now and, again, all the best!
Will: Thanks!
Summary: Will is going to meet with Emma when he recovers from depression. It is Will's birthday today.
Dialogue: Helen: nice job. Did you already book the Plaza?
Rob: yes at 8pm. Be ready on time
Helen: I have to meet John at 7pm . It won't take long
Rob: Don't forget to bring my jacket.
Helen: don't worry.
Summary: Rob booked the Plaza at 8 p.m. Helen has to meet John at 7 p.m. She will bring Rob's jacket.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: are you having lunch already?
Ann: yes, at Prudential Mall
Kevin: at Bon Apetite
Elisabeth: I'll be there in 3 min
Summary: Ann and Kevin are having lunch at Bon Apetite at Prudential Mall. Elisabeth will join them in 3 minutes.
Dialogue: Scott: i need a break, u?
Adam: 10 ok?
Scott: 11 floor, kitchen?
Adam: ok
Summary: Scott and Adam will meet at 10 in the 11th-floor kitchen.
Dialogue: April: what’s your decision regarding the test?
Thomas: what test
April: the one some of you wrote later 
Thomas: ooooh
Richard: didn’t we get the grades yet?
April: of course you didn’t
Richard: ooops..
Richard: how did we do?
April: I’m sure u did great
Richard: I see I see
Richard: how bout we forget about it then? :D
April: what about the rest of you?
Mary: hmmm... not so well then?
April: Don’t know. Haven’t checked yet
Mary: no risk no fun
Mary: check mine please :D
April: <gif_file> 
Mary: <3
Summary: Richard, Thomas and Mary wrote a test. April hasn't given out grades yet.
Dialogue: Jemima: <file_video> <file_video>
Jemima: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Jemima: Just been to see Kane's first Christmas performance!
Jemima: He was so cute! Super shy but he tried his best!
Avril: Aaaaah that's so lovely! He did great, sorry we missed it!
Jemima: No worries, they keep planning these things on weekdays, so no wonder not everyone can come! There weren't many grandparents to be honest! 
Avril: such a shame. did he enjoy himself?
Jemima: we didn't get to speak to him afterwards, but he was smiling when he walked off the stage...
Avril: Inside he will have loved it, bless him!
Jemima: I'll check tonight and let you know. 
Avril: You took some great videos!
Jemima: There were some parents in front of me who were blocking my view, but Sheldon's mum filmed loads and Sheldon was stood next to Kane! It's all her work!
Avril: Oh what a shame, great you could have her videos! 
Jemima: I know, bit of good mummy sharing there! 
Avril: Does Kane play with Sheldon much?
Jemima: I have never really heard him about Sheldon to be honest, but he was invited to his birthday party, so they must like each other?
Avril: Oh lovely, did he enjoy the party? 
Jemima: He didn't go, cause it was on his own birthday, that's how I know the mum though!!
Avril: aha, I see. Can we maybe facetime tonight? 
Jemima: yeah sure, Kane will be thrilled knowing you have seen his performance!
Avril: perfect, maybe around 5 again?
Jemima: that would be great. see you then.
Avril: bye bye love, enjoy your day. 
Summary: Kane has just given his first Christmas performance. Avril couldn't come. The videos Jemima sent were taken by Sheldon's mom. Kane was invited to Sheldon's birthday party, but didn't go as it was his own birthday. Avril and Jemima will Facetime around 5. 
Dialogue: Hugh: Turn on the TV! Channel 4!
James: What is it?
Hugh: Your ex xDDDD
James: OMG
Summary: James' ex is on Channel 4 now.
Dialogue: Erica: So when is the big day? 
Hope: October 29th
Erica: Can I come?
Hope: Duh! Both you and Stan are invited
Erica: Ok I'll let him know
Hope: I'll send out official invites 2morrow 
Summary: Erica and Stan are invited to Hope's big day on October 29th.
Dialogue: Joseph: Hi, u decided yet?
Michelle: Well, I'm not sure. Maybe i could do with a new shirt 
Joseph: any specific company? 
Michelle: I was thinking maybe something like this: <file_other>
Joseph: it's nice. this color or the blue one?
Michelle: surprise me:)
Joseph: ok, I'll take both
Michelle: you're the best at making surprises xP
Summary: Michelle thinks about getting a new shirt. Joseph will buy her two shirts as a gift because he cannot decide on the colour.
Dialogue: Logan: Did u hear the decision about the new amazon hq?
Peter: yeah, i hate it. don't want them there.
Logan: me too. rent is going to skyrocket. lots of people wont be able to afford it.
Peter: I expect there will be a lot of protests.
Logan: I hope so. this will do more harm than good
Peter: yeah, i can't stand amazon. even if they did raise employee wages recently
Logan: i heard they'll be in northern virginia too
Peter: so did i. as if that area wasn't expensive enough already.
Logan: yeah, tell me about. i used to live in arlington. had to share a house with 7 people to afford it.
Peter: I bet. When did you live there?
Logan: 2012-2014
Peter: OK. I bet things have changed a lot after five years.
Logan: They have
Summary: Logan and Peter are angry about new Amazon headquarters being built.
Dialogue: Przemek: guys, a fun fact
Przemek: or a quizz:
Przemek: which countries don't recognise North Korea?
Jim: lol, why would we know?
Przemek: think! it's logical
Przemek: there are 3
Przemek: ok, only one is unexpected
Gordon: USA?
Przemek: c'mon, they held talks
Meghan: South Korea?
Przemek: bravo
Gordon: Japan?
Przemek: Yes!!!!
Jim: China?
Jim: would be a bizarre twist
Przemek: no! maybe they don't need NKorea because they have Louvre?
Gordon: Poland!
Przemek: hahahahahah
Meghan: France really?
Przemek: yes, at least Wikipedia says so
Summary: According to Wikipedia, there are three countries that don't recognise North Korea: USA, Japan and France.
Dialogue: Oscar: up for match?
Marcus: wutt? :3
Oscar: fifa
Marcus: whats the point? you lose everytime xD
Oscar: oh I lose every time?? are you kiddin'
Marcus: either way, you suck
Oscar: lets see then. come on
Marcus: oh YOURE ON
Oscar: come to my room
Marcus: let me finish the episode first, 4 more min
Oscar: dude cmon that series sucks
Marcus: YOU suck -_- ill be there
Summary: Oscar and Marcus are going to play FIFA in Oscar's room after Marcus finishes watching his series.
Dialogue: Kim: Will you be home after 5:00?
Jon: Yes. 
Kim: Can I pop in to borrow the dictionary?
Jon: Sure! 
Summary: Kim will pop in after 5:00 to borrow Jon's dictionary.
Dialogue: Tag: Hey guuurl
Angela: ??
Tag: Wanna come over tonight?
Angela: I would appreciate if you'd stop harassing me.
Summary: Tag should stop harassing Angela.
Dialogue: Victor: Where are you guys?
Thomas: Looking for a parking space
Victor: Shit, good luck XD
Thomas: Damn
Victor: Let me know when you're out of the car, it's freaking cold outside and I prefer to wait for you at the bar
Thomas: Ok
Victor: By the way the beer is great here
Thomas: Good to know! But we have to go to the theater first
Victor: Yep, I know
Summary: Thomas is looking for a parking space. Victor is waiting at the bar.
Dialogue: Noah: Abigail, I've checked the hotels and private houses in Wrocław.
Noah: Check these out and tell me which one you prefer.
Noah: <file_other>
Abigail: O, great. I almost forgot about it!
Abigail: Hm, Krzyki residence looks really good, but it's quite expensive.
Noah: Exactly.
Noah: But we're not travelling very often, so we can chose sth special :) 
Abigail: :)
Abigail: you're a sweety :)
Abigail: I was only wondering, cos we won't spend much time in the room, with our schedule..
Abigail: So it really doesn;t have to be something elaborated. 
Abigail: And maybe we could chose sth more special for holidays?
Abigail: What do you think?
Noah: You're right. 
Noah: So from the other two places, which one do you prefer.
Abigail: The one that is closer to the conference centre. 
Noah: Thought so.
Noah: Okey, I'm making reservation.
Abigail: Great, thank you Honey! 
Summary: Noah and Abigail are booking a hotel for their holiday in Wroclaw. They choose one closer to the conference center.
Dialogue: Mark: About the other day.
Linda: What about it?
Mark: Just want to apologize.
Linda: You do?
Mark: Really! I mean it.
Linda: Good.
Mark: So, can we meet?
Linda: No chance in hell!
Summary: Mark apologized to Linda. She doesn't want to meet with Mark.
