Dialogue: John: When are you finishing?
Theresa: I think in about 20-30min
Zac: ok, so we're at Starbucks
Theresa: which one
Zac: the one next to Trinity College
John: at College Greet
Theresa: ok, I'll come there when I'm done
John: :)ok, we're waiting
Summary: Theresa will join John and Zac at Starbucks when she is finished. 
Dialogue: Sandra: Buy a carrot and some milk on your way home.
Dan: sure, darling, sth else?
Sandra: Maybe some fruits too? choose sth :)
Dan: ok, see u soon :*
Summary: Dan will buy carrot, milk and fruit.
Dialogue: Lola: Which museum would you recommend?
Kim: Guggenheim 
Ben: why? it's small
Ben: I'd say the MoMA
Peter: small is good, we don't have much time today
Lola: but we have to see the MoMA anyway
Peter: of course
Summary: Lola and Peter will go to a museum today. Kim recommends them Guggenheim while Ben mentions the MoMA.
Dialogue: Juliana: Have you seen "Beautiful Boy"? It's in theaters now.
Lucy: Yes, I have and I absolutely LOVED IT!!
Lucy: And you? Have you seen it?
Juliana: I haven't yet, but I really want to and I'm looking for some company. :)
Lucy: Hmm, actually I can go to the theatre with you and see it once again, if you want to. :)
Juliana: That would be great! :D
Juliana: Wow, this movie is that good? :o
Lucy: YES, it really is!! :) Great screenplay, breathtaking shots and Steve Carell, who was a-freaking-mazing!
Lucy: And, well, you know how much I love Timothée Chalamet. <3 :)
Juliana: Oh, yes, I DO know that. :D
Juliana: I can't imagine Steve Carell in a movie like this. :o
Juliana: I've always associated him with more of a comedic repertoire.
Lucy: I was surprised too, but believe me, he stole the show. He was even better than my beloved Timothée. ;)
Juliana: Wow, then he must have been extraordinary! ;)
Lucy: He was. :) So, when are we going?
Juliana: Tomorrow? What time do you get off work?
Lucy: At 6 p.m. And you?
Juliana: At 5.30 p.m. I can pick you up from work, if you like. :)
Lucy: Yay! :) See you soon then! :*
Juliana: Ciao! :*
Summary: Lucy has seen "Beautiful Boy" and she loved it. Juliana hasn't, so Lucy will go will her to the theater tomorrow. Lucy finishes work at 6 pm, Juliana at 5.30 pm. Juliana will pick Lucy up from work. 
Dialogue: Rick: This is just a reminder that the training schedule has changed this week. Please see our Facebook page for the changes.
Tom: Ok, thank you for the message. Have a good night.
Rick: Thank you, you too.
Summary: Rick reminds Tom that the training schedule has changed this week.
Dialogue: Misha: Could you turn off the music? 
Alan: Could you fuck off?
Misha: You dick
Summary: Misha is angry but Alan will not turn off the music.
Dialogue: Paula: I entered the train
Paula: And I managed to find my seat.
Paula: But the train is delayed because someone threw himself on a railroad tracks :/
Trevor: Either an accident caused by an idiot with no imagination, or a suicide.
Trevor: Shame. Looks like your trip will be longer than you thought.
Paula: I try to take it easy.
Paula: From the other point of view, I have more time to read my book.
Paula: At home it's hard to find any moment to take a book and read it.
Paula: There is always something to do. 
Paula: Laundry, dishwasher, food
Trevor: Haha, and here in a delayed train you can take your time doing only 1 thing with no distractions. I get it :D
Paula: So you see, there is no need to get annoyed by a delayed train.
Paula: At least I'm sitting in a warm compartment, not freezing outside.
Trevor: Good point. I like the way you look at this.
Trevor: Pity the guy who died though.
Paula: Things like this happen rather often. I'll let you know when train moves.
Trevor: Sure. Enjoy reading <3
Summary: Paula's train is delayed because someone died on the railroad tracks. She will let Trevor know when the train departs.
Dialogue: Devon: little help!
Xena: what happend?
Devon: can't zip my dess :/
Xena: ok, comming :)
Summary: Xena will help Devon do her dress.
Dialogue: Linda: i will make some food for our romantic evening :*
Linda: what would you like to eat?
Ronnie: something spicy
Linda: so maybe burrito?
Ronnie: honey, everything you will make would be great
Linda: oh you are so sweet
Linda: so i will make this burrito
Ronnie: i will buy some wine
Ronnie: or beer?
Linda: beer please
Linda: some APA
Ronnie: ok so see you in the evening :)
Linda: see you <3
Summary: Ronnie and Linda will see each other in the evening. Linda will make a burrito and Ronnie will buy some beer.
Dialogue: Noah: Sorry, my voice mail is packed
Karl: Dude what happened newspapers are writing only about you
Noah: Thank for reminding me that -_-
Karl: Seriously, talk to me!!
Karl: It’s sick what they accuse you of…
Noah: The thing is I was questioned as a witness and they all started gossiping I had sth to do with it
Noah: And media used it with pleasure
Karl: You need to fucking sue them all!
Noah: My lawyer is working on it, but it won’t help
Noah: People will think I’m a rapist
Karl: You’ll figure sth out, you’ll go for some long interview and explain it
Noah: Fuck it, I’m done
Karl: What??
Noah: I’m going to my summer house, will spend there like 6 months
Noah: It’s a fortress, many security systems and guards
Karl: But it will look bad
Noah: I don’t care
Karl: Are you sure? It really won’t help
Karl: People will think you’re guilty
Noah: My lawyer will take care of all those things
Karl: Eh what can I say…
Karl: Can I visit you there?
Noah: Sure, just… not right now, maybe in a month
Karl: Take care man, anytime you want to talk, I’m here for you
Summary: Noah was questioned as a witness and media accuse him of rape. He's going to his summer house. His lawyer will take care of all the things.
Dialogue: Jenson: I'm so fucked, I still haven't finished the project
Jenson: Franklin is gonna kill me
Jenson: <file_gif>
Molly: but you had a lot of time to finish this
Molly: what happened?
Jenson: Marvin had this accident so he couldn't help me
Jenson: and then we had those technical problems
Jenson: and now I'm so in the middle of nowhere!
Molly: <file_gif>
Molly: perhaps I can help you?
Jenson: Would you?
Molly: sure!
Jenson: you could actually take a look
Jenson: when would you be available?
Molly: hmm..what about tomorrow afternoon?
Jenson: sounds good to me
Molly: we have a deal then :D
Summary: Jenson is late with his project. He had to face many obstacles. He is scared of Franklin's reaction. Molly will help him tomorrow afternoon. 
Dialogue: Andreas: have you played The Last of Us already?
Tim: nooo, I'm too busy these days
Andreas: dude, you got to
Andreas: it's a must have
Andreas: you got to check it out
Andreas: it's the best game I've ever played, seriously
Tim: yeah, yeah, I know
Tim: there's just so much going on at work
Andreas: been there
Tim: but hey, I just might have some time this weekend :)
Andreas: yasss
Tim: hehe
Andreas: you won't regret it
Tim: but man, I still haven't finished God of War
Andreas: it's great too but you know, Naughty Dog's games are THE best
Summary: Andreas recommends 'The Last of Us' game to Tim, but Tim has been busy with work lately. He might have some time this weekend, but he still hasn't finished 'God of War'.
Dialogue: Toby: Have you seen the nominees for the best movie?
Peter: oscars?
Toby: yes, they are out
Richard: and?
Samuel: anything surprising there?
Toby: A star is born for example
Richard: I did expect it
Toby: <file_photo> here it is
Summary: The Oscar nominees for the best movie are already out.
Dialogue: Jerry: Maaaan
Jerry: I'm stoned af
Jerry: Aaand there is this one thing that I keep thinking about
Tom: Hahaha. I predict it will blow my mind
Tom: Jerry?
Jerry: Shit I can't remember now
Tom: Oh come on!!!
Tom: Was it about universe or conspiracy in the USA?
Jerry: None of the above
Jerry: I'll tell you when I remember
Tom: Haha. Kk. Have fun
Summary: Jerry smoked weed. He is stoned. 
Dialogue: Grace: Hey hey, so Ally just called me about wanting to set up a meeting and get the group together this weekend. 
Abigail: Uhh, lol, Ally, out of all the people?
Grace: Yeah, I was a bit shocked too, but she seemed genuine, and actually wanting to meet up.
Abigail: Gah, I've got a lot of stuff with school and work this weekend. 
Grace: Well, I I don't think we have to meet for 5 hours, just a catch up kind of a thing.
Abigail: Yeah, but I am so over those kind of meet ups. Like, I really, no point in just meeting to see what we're up to and then not talk for another 4 months. 
Grace: ha, I know what you mean. Well shit, I don't really know what to tell her now
Abigail: Uhh, the truth?
Grace: pshh yeah, ok. 
Abigail: I can't talk now, but I'll call you in a couple hours, we can talk about it. 
Grace: ♥️
Summary: Ally wants to organise a meeting this weekend. Abigail doesn't wan to go because she's busy and she doesn't like this kind of meetings. 
Dialogue: Olivia: What's up lady?
Anita: I'm sick
Olivia: from the moment you were born, hah
Anita: This is different, freaking flu
Olivia: Damn, keep warm, I need to go
Anita: thanks, I'm going for a nap
Summary: Anita is having a flu.
Dialogue: Emilia: Are on the list already?
Flora: Yes, we are
Tim: We didn't want to miss the opportunity
Summary: Tim and Flora are on the list.
Dialogue: Lucas: let's meet at the airport?
Andy: i'm already there, having coffee.
Andy: could you believe it?
Lucas: order one for me pls
Andy: there is a couple drinking beer! at 5pm!!
Lucas: no thanks it's a bit early
Andy: and now they order whisky and cola 😱
Lucas: OMG. Hope they won't be in our plane
Summary: Andy is waiting for Lucas at the airport. Lucas wants him to order a coffee.
Dialogue: Mel: hey guys, how’s the new year? ;)
Mel: any better?
Mel: or not really so far? ;)
Ashley: hey, so far so good
Ashley: still quite dynamic ;)
Mel: how’s it with Blake?
Ashley: dynamic, too 
Ashley: ;D
Mel: haha
Mel: you’re rather economic with words ;D
Ashley: yeeaaah cause we have the time just to sit and talk, for a change
Ashley: not working tonight, so we’re making the most of it;)
Ashley: @Pat, u there?
Pat: sorry, can’t talk
Pat: im in a meeting 
Pat: xD
Ashley: and you Mel? how’s the new year? ;)
Mel: oh u know. Usual.
Mel: good for you that u can sit and talk
Mel: mine preferred to go to the gym instead of the cinema with me :D
Ashley: Well, at least he’ll be muscular ;D 
Mel: :D
Summary: Ashley is not working tonight. Pat is in a meeting. 
Dialogue: Ben: Hi! Are you Jamie's friend who was at Don's party yesterday?
Barbara: Nope, sorry, wrong Barbara.
Ben: Ok, sorry, bye.
Barbara: Have a nice day!
Summary: Ben is looking for Barbara that he met at the party yesterday. He added wrong person.
Dialogue: Maria: Toby, have you thought where we should spend Christmas?
Toby: I though we would go to my parents
Maria: Again?
Toby: Why not? It's Christmas
Maria: It was so tiring for me the last time and you know it perfectly 
Toby: But I talked to my mother about it, she promised to be more respectful this time
Maria: I can't believe she will manage to skip her little baiting remarks
Toby: Let her try at least
Maria: But it seems you've already decided without even asking me
Toby: No, I assumed that we would go there, it's Christmas, it's what people do for Christmas
Maria: And now it would look even worse if we don't go there
Toby: 🤷🏻‍♂ I guess so
Maria: Very unfair, maybe we'll just separate for Christmas, I need to rest
Toby: What? Are you insane? I'm not going to spend Christmas without my wife
Maria: But with your mother!
Toby: No, if you really don't  want to go there, we won't
Maria: I would like to relax, to rest. Maybe we could find some flights and go somewhere where's no winter?
Toby: That's really much more expensive than my parents.
Maria: But beautiful
Toby: Let's talk about it at home, tonight 
Maria: ok!
Summary: Tonight, Toby and Maria are going to discuss flying somewhere for the Christmas holiday instead of visiting Toby's parents.
Dialogue: Harry: Do you have any car dealers you could recommend?
John: Huge news - are you buying a car?
Harry: I intend to
Sarah: Old or new?
Harry: I don't mind an old one, unless it's like twenty years old
Olivia: I think you may get a better deal if you go outside the city
John: Hm, I know a good one in Chelsea, but I don't think they're selling old cars
Harry: I don't have a lot of money and it will be my first car, so I don't want anything too fancy
Olivia: Sounds like you shouldn't get anything brand new ;)
Sarah: Do you have any other preferences?
Harry: I was thinking automatic, diesel?
Sarah: Why diesel?
Harry: Hm, I guess it's more economic in the long run and more eco friendly
John: And the automatic gearbox? You're 25 not 90 :D
Harry: Yes and that's why I want to be comfortable. I used to think like you and didn't want to even try the automatic, but I've been driving Lucy's car for months now and it's brilliant
Olivia: I get what you mean, automatic all the way
Sarah: Have you checked on Facebook or ebay? Maybe someone's selling
Harry: I did, it was the first thing I did, but then... I'm not sure, I'm afraid I'm going to get scammed
John: I can go with you, just in case
Harry: Thanks man! But where to? :D
Olivia: <file_other> here's the list of 10 best car dealers in Greater London, you should check them out
Sarah: I'd go online if I were you, far easier ;)
Summary: Harry is looking for a car dealer. He wants to buy an automatic or a diesel. John can go with him to the car dealer.
Dialogue: Arthur: buy some cheese
Ann: ok
Arthur: and ketchup please!
Summary: Ann will buy cheese and ketchup.
Dialogue: Bill: Have you seen this?
Bill: <flie_photo>
George: ahahahahah
Ron: I've seen it, it's ridiculous!
Tom: the worst designed building in Europe arguably! 
Summary: Bill has shown George, Ron and Tom a picture of a badly designed building from Europe.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey, what do u think of this offer? <file_other>
Mark: Y?
Alice: My mobile plan is coming to an end and need to find a new one.
Mark: Well, this doesn't sound too bad. What about this one? <file_other>
Alice: That's also nice, but I don't want to change my network.
Mark: But u can benefit a lot!
Summary: Alice's mobile plan is coming to an end and she's looking for a new one. She doesn't want to change her network.
Dialogue: Han: Have you seen Emma recently?
Sebastian: no, I'm in Berlin
Kate: I have to see her every week now
Han: Why?
Kate: She wants it
Han: Any idea for what reason?
Kate: it's my 3rd year
Kate: she wants to control me
Han: which is not that bad after all
Kate: but very stressful
Kate: you know how critical she can be
Han: very
Sebastian: which is also her huge advantage as a supervisor
Summary: Sebastian is in Berlin. Kate believes Emma, her supervisor, wants to control her.
Dialogue: Kolby: Have you forgotten about me already ;)
Helene: Noooo of course not, I’m just busy, a lot of work.
Kolby: But is everything alright?
Helene: Yea, more or less, just a lot of stress
Kolby: Something happened?
Helene: Aaaah recently I had a disagreement with my manager and she reported it
Kolby: Was it bad?
Helene: I told her what people think about her, that’s it
Kolby: It’s probably one of the worst things to do ;)
Helene: I know, don’t torture me T___T
Kolby: OK, I’m sorry, you said something else?
Helene: That I’m sorry that her life is fucked up but it’s not my fault xD
Kolby: I’m afraid to ask if that was it ;p
Helene: Eeem no right after I said that she went to her desk and wrote a report xp
Kolby: So what now? Hope you won’t lose your job?
Helene: I think they will just give the warning
Kolby: Who?
Helene: There is like a small apartment that takes care of such things and they will read the report, then I have a meeting with them, they give me a reprimand, blah blah
Kolby: Haha you’ll have to behave ;)
Helene: Yesss, definitely
Summary: Helene had a disagreement with her manager and she reported it. Helene will probably get a reprimand. Kolby hopes Helene won't lose her job.
Dialogue: Felicia: Are you still at the university?
Jeremy: Yeah, I'm going to the library right now
Felicia: Ok, just tell me if Johnson's book is available
Jeremy: What happened again?
Felicia: The library's site has been down for over 24 hours now and I can't check availability
Jeremy: Ok, I'll ask, no prob
Summary: Jeremy is at the library. Library's website is offline. He will check if they have Johnson's book at Felicia's request.
Dialogue: Liam: We really need to start working on some new material.
Jamie: Agreed.
Jude: yeah, well...
Jude: Leon?
Leon: i know, i've been working on sth recently
Jude: share it with us? :D
Leon: give me a few mins
Liam: Oh, cool! Can't wait!
Jamie: Finally!
Jude: okay
Leon: alright, here
Leon: <file_video>
Liam: Love it!
Jamie: Yeah, it's good, but there's not too much on this clip. Do you have more?
Jude: that intro... i don't know
Leon: i have some more but not recorded, still working on it
Leon: maybe tonight i'll record some more
Liam: The intro is really awesome. I like it.
Jamie: It's ok, could use a little work here and there maybe :P.
Leon: yeah i'm not convinced about it either, actually
Jude: see!
Jamie: We'll figure it out together on Friday?
Leon: sure
Liam: Meh, I think it's perfect.
Jude: yeah and we don't :P
Liam: Ok. We'll talk about it on Friday.
Jamie: Yep!
Jude: aye
Summary: Liam, Jamie, Jude and Leon want to start working on new material. Leon sends a sample of his new song to the rest of the group. Jude, Jamie and Leon are skeptical about the intro. Liam likes it. The group will talk about it on Friday. 
Dialogue: John: When should we leave Paris?
Robert: at 9am?
Jeniffer: But tomorrow, right?
John: no, Monday we decided
Jeniffer: I must have messed up sth
Mary: 9am is good I think
Mary: How much does it take to get to Brussels?
John: Shouldn't be more than 4 hours
Jeniffer: 9am is good also for me
Summary: John, Robert, Jeniffer and Mary are leaving Paris on Monday at 9am. They're going to Brussels, which shouldn't take more than 4 hours.
Dialogue: Luke: Hey, do you have a minute to help me with my translation?
Jeff: Got a ton of work right now, sorry :( Can you write again after dinner?
Luke: Ok, no prob, thanks
Summary: Luke needs help with his translations, so he will text Jeff again after dinner. 
Dialogue: Anna: Happy B-day Beth :)
Elisabeth: Thank you.
Anna: Are you ready for party tonight?
Elisabeth: No, I'm not. I feel unwell
Anna: What's going on?
Elisabeth: I probably have the flu.
Anna: Do you need some help?
Elisabeth: Yes. Could you bring me cough medicines, please?
Anna: Of course.
Summary: Elisabeth is sick on her birthday. Anna will get her some cough medication.
Dialogue: Sam: hey, come over man
Tyler: i cant
Tyler: im busy with some chores
Tyler: sorry dude
Sam: what about later
Tyler: later is fine
Sam: okay then
Tyler: alright
Summary: Tyler can't come over to Sam now, because he's busy with chores. He will come over later.
Dialogue: Jan: helloween, you drunkards! Still sleeping?
Maciej: don't text me so loudly...
Maciej: i can hear your finger tapping the screen from the other city
Jan: hahhaha! That was some party, wasn't it:D:D:D
Jan: what surprised me the most is how much you can drink
Jan: or rather...can't ;)
Maciej: get over it, we're not 20s anymore
Jan: don't be such a geezer, we're 22 :D
Maciej: feels like i'm retired already
Jan: so...when's the next party :D?
Summary: Jan and Maciej were at the party together last night. Maciej got drunk and has a hangover.
Dialogue: Nigel: Gina, Carrie, when we are all better we can do this in the office! 
Nigel: <file_video>
Gina: Damn straight, although my pilates move to show you my heals earlier was more strenuous!!
Nigel: Gina, how’s the hamstring, you should get a sports massage 🤔
Carrie: Challenge accepted!
Carrie: 🙂
Gina: Nigel  tender! Great plan!!
Summary: Nigel, Gina and Carrie want to do some exercises.
Dialogue: Matt: I don't like my English course
Audrey: Why? 
Matt: There is too much homework
Audrey: Why? How much homework do you have?
Matt: Two, three essays per week
Audrey: That's a lot. Do you have any tests or quizzes?
Matt: Yes, one quiz per week and then final exam
Audrey: Wow, sounds like a lot of studying
Matt: I know, plus one or two reading texts
Audrey: It’s really a helluva work 
Matt: You bet it is. 
Audrey: How do you find time for all this?
Matt: I don't have enough time in a day for all these assignments
Audrey: You should talk to your teacher
Matt: I don't want to. I want to stay under her radar
Audrey: You’re right, it's one more month. You will get through this
Matt: Thx! I know, it's only few more weeks
Audrey: Take care
Matt: I will. You too ;-)
Summary: Matt doesn't like his English course. He has to study for it a lot. The course ends in a month. 
Dialogue: Jack: Dude I forgot that we were gonna get a beer tonight and made plans with Luise
Jack: sorry!!
Matt: henpecked much??
Matt: Phew.
Summary: Jack forgot a beer with Matt and he'll stay with Luise.
Dialogue: Elena: When are coming back home?
Xavier: I'll be another hour, by the looks of things.
Elena: Can you go to the shop on the way home?
Xavier: Sure, which shop?
Elena: Hale Banacha. We need some more of your coffee, and they don't sell that in Żabka
Xavier: OK. Coffee, what else? Send me a list.
Elena: Butter, one pumpkin, 2 kg of potatoes, carrots, onions, big pack of kitchen rolls, Tymbark apple-mint, 2 2litre bottles.
Xavier: OK. 
Elena: Toothpaste, the one I like, soap. To i Owo. Mokate Cappucino. A can of peas - Bonduelle.
Xavier: What about water?
Elena: I got some water when I was out.
Elena: And we need a new ream of paper for the printer.
Xavier: OK, I'd better come home first and get a coffee, then I'll take the car to the shop.
Elena: That won't work.
Xavier: Why not?
Elena: Like I told you, you've run out of your coffee.
Summary: Xavier is out of his coffee. Elena sends him to do shopping. The list piles up.
Dialogue: Mary: Howdy?
Gert: Great. And yourself?
Mary: Not so bad. Long time not see, eh?
Gert: Indeed! You around?
Mary: Just in town. Fancy a drink with me?
Gert: Sure thing! Same place as usual?
Mary: Actually I'm already sitting in Ploughman's :))
Gert: Give me ten minutes.
Mary: CU then.
Summary: Mary is seeing Gert for a drink in Ploughman's in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Benny: You can't imagine how much I hate all this New Year crap. As if I should rejoice in being older.
Kate: And wiser. God! You are not old!!
Benny: But my age (and especially the age of my friends) starts to show from the number of friends who have died in the past year, and those who have become incapacitated.
Kate: In actual fact I've been noticing the same. All of a sudden we are all talking about our ailments!
Benny: Or folks that we have just taken to their last place on earth. Or those who are but aren't here any longer. Like your hubby. So terrible for you.
Kate: One learns to cope. Rough time though.
Benny: I know what you mean.
Helen: Something recent?
Benny: In particular, one close friend Rob that I visit, had a stroke 7 weeks ago, and although showing signs of still “being in there” like smiling and squeezing hands, has not spoken or communicated in 7 weeks.
Helen: My dad had recovered after a stroke his understanding and learnt to communicate with us but never regained his power of speech.
Benny: We are not sure how much Rob really understands. Maybe he just greets us the way a friendly doggy reacts to being treated well.
Helen: This may change for the better, given plenty of positive interaction. And time. And patience. 7 weeks is nothing. a recovery process takes months.
Benny: You seem to know a lot. Let's hope you are right.
Helen: The point is we can't let such experiences bog us down! Please!
Benny: Far from it. Maybe just getting pensive from time to time.
Helen: :‑|
Summary: Benny doesn't like New Year's Eve celebration and getting older. Many of her friends are having health problems, like Rob who had a stroke 7 weeks ago, or have died, like Kate's husband. Helen's dad suffered a stroke and could never speak again, but she tries to stay positive.
Dialogue: Daisy: Hi what’s up?
Charlotte: I’m watching a movie
Daisy: At 4 a.m.?
Charlotte: I cannot sleep
Daisy: Me neither
Charlotte: And how are you spending your sleepless night?
Daisy: Just thinking
Daisy: Turning in bed
Daisy: Hoping that the sleep will come
Charlotte: Do you often struggle with insomnia?
Daisy: Unfortunately, quite a lot
Charlotte: Same here
Charlotte: It destroys me 
Charlotte: But I just cannot get any rest
Summary: Charlotte and Daisy suffers from insomnia. Charlotte's watching a movie.
Dialogue: John: Have you seen Eric today? he seemed upset.
Eva: Yes , his uncle died of heart attack.
John: Oh so sad to hear this 
Eva: yes
Summary: John noticed that Eric was upset today. Eric's uncle died of heart attack.
Dialogue: Patrick: Bro did you see how we destroyed Manchester city over the weekend?
Paul: Yeah I saw. But you guys were lucky to score.
Patrick: Hell yeah
Patrick: Sometimes statics lie. City kicked the ball the most and had many shots on target
Paul: Yeah.
Paul: But at least the boys showed that city can be beaten.
Patrick: Definitely.
Summary: Manchester city lost on the weekend although they had many shots on target. 
Dialogue: Rose: I bought new jacket:) the other one got worn down
Bree: Let me see! I thought you're broke totally
Rose: Yeah, well, my mom funded part of this shopping
Lily: Part:D? Probably she covered whole price
Rose: No, no, no! Of course not, she paid half of it
Bree: Does it really matter? I feel like we're gonna start fighting abut Rose's shopping, wtf?
Lily: I'm chilling, not saying anything
Bree: Well, I hope so:) Where did you find it?
Rose: You know this place, it's this second hand on 1st Ave and Pride St
Bree: OOOOh! I love this place, you can find really good vintage clothes there
Lily: Why you guys didn't tell me about this place ever?
Bree: Duh, yeah we did, you just don't like secondhand shops
Rose: I agree, I remember you once said it's just trash coming back from the red cross boxes
Lily: Cause some of it does, and people make straight profit from it
Rose: Anyway, it was fairly cheap and in good condition
Bree: Send us pics!
Summary: Rose bought a new jacket at a thrift store on 1st Ave and Pride St. Her mom paid a part of the price. Lily doesn't like the idea as she thinks people use vintage stores to make a profit.
Dialogue: Eric: Can someone let us know if/when the Wifi is back at camp pls.
Eva: It's just you :P
Summer: The WiFi hasn’t gone down at all at D1
Eric: I dont even know what d1 is :) i guess thats where u live?
Julia: Same here works just fine at our place
Summer: It's house 1, Eric
Eric: aight
Summary: The Wifi is down for Eric. It works fine for Summer at D1. It also works for Julia.
Dialogue: Sean: Yo, who's that chocolate for?
Emil: What chocolate?
Sean: The one in your bag.
Emil: Don't go through my stuff dude. 
Sean: I can sure as hell do that without asking you. I'm your ONLY friend dude. XD
Emil: Ha Ha, really funny dumbass.
Sean: You ARE gonna tell me or else.
Emil: Or else what?
Sean: I'm gonna eat it, that's what.
Emil: Hey no, don't. It's for Lisa.
Sean: Liiissaaaa? 
Emil: Yeah. What's so funny about that?
Sean: Nothing. xD
Emil: Then shut up.
Sean: I thought you two broke up.
Emil: Yeah, so?
Sean: SO?
Emil: So what?
Sean: So why're you giving this stuff to her?
Emil: Because i want to. :/
Sean: Are you stupid?
Emil: This doesn't mean anything.
Sean: Yeah right! I'm sure she will see it that way.
Emil: Whatever dude go to hell. 
Summary: Sean goes through Emil's bag and finds chocolate. Chocolate is for Lisa.Sean thinks it's a bad idea since Emil and Lisa are no longer a couple.
Dialogue: Mina: Hey, whered you go
Rafaella: am at the store. ran out of milk.
Mina: Can you pick me up some nutella
Rafaella: sure, how many containers?
Mina: Make it three. you know i go through it quickly
Rafaella: got it. see you in a bit!
Mina: Cool, thanks!
Summary: Rafaella will get Mina three jars of Nutella.
Dialogue: Dave: I need to go to the office ASAP
Emily: What happened?
Dave: I need to send off all the project files I have on my computer.
Laura: Good luck with that
Dave: is there still anyone in the office?
Laura: When I was leaving Jess was still there
Jess: I'm about to leave.
Dave: Can you wait 5 min? I forgot my key.
Jess: Yes, but no more than 5. I have an appointment soon
Dave: Thanks Jess
Emily: If you want to go home I can pop in, I'm just 2 minutes away
Jess: It's ok, anyway I'm finishing off 
Dave: I'll be there in a sec
Summary: Dave needs to come back to his office urgently to send all the project files he has on his computer. He forgot his key to the office. Jess is still in the office, but she needs to leave in 5 minutes. Emily can pop in if necessary because she is just 2 minutes away. 
Dialogue: Eve: thank you for last night <3
Eve: Is everyone alive? Got home safe?
Carl: got home safe, not alive...
Elise: hey Eve I owe you money
Eve: I know. Don't worry
Elise: I'll give you cash tomorrow ok?
Eve: No problem
Elise: Carl are you there???
Carl: my head...
Elise: Dave?
Eve: Dave's with me
Elise: alive? :)
Eve: Not sure...
Carl: is he snoring?
Eve: Can't hear, he is downstairs
Carl: not alive then...
Dave: hey I'm alive and doing great!
Carl: liar
Dave: too much beer Carl, too much...
Carl: no more beer. NEVER.
Eve: Right...
Dave: Eve your coffee is ready here... or you want me to bring it to your bed? :)
Carl: wooow
Elise: any news for us guys? :) :) :)
Eve: No!!! I'm coming downstairs right now! ;)
Dave: just being a perfect guest ;)
Elise: then you're my guest next time :)
Summary: Eve, Elise, Dave and Carl had a party last night. Elise owes Eve money, she'll give it to her tomorrow.
Dialogue: Elton: the new girl what you think of her?
Payton: you mean sheffield?
Elton: yessir
Shaw: she's pretty hot but like
Elton: you mean hard to talk to
Shaw: kind of inaccessible yes
Payton: donna never talked to her why
Elton: she realy my type maybe ask her out
Shaw: why not. good luck
Summary: There is a new girl called Sheffield. She's pretty but seems inaccessible. Elton will try to ask her out.
