Dialogue: Jeniffer: Where is the concert?
Pola: In the big stadium
Andrew: where all big pop-stars play, c'mon 
Summary: The big stadium holds the concert.
Dialogue: Ben: Where is your home?
Gwen: Why are you asking?
Ben: I and Mandy are coming to your home
Gwen: Its K-710 in your colony
Ben: We have been living in the same colony ? :O
Gwen: Yeah
Ben: Ok coming
Gwen: hmm
Ben: Finals are approaching you know
Gwen: Ik
Ben: We would nail it this time
Gwen: Yeah like we say every time
Ben: huh :/
Summary: Ben and Mandy are going to Gwen's home which is in K-710 in Ben and Gwen's colony.
Dialogue: Jenny: Hey, anyone’s been to the lecture today?
Tom: Nope, sick all day
Freddie: No teachers here, Tom ;)
Tom: I am sick, I’ve been puking for the entire morning
Kathy: So you’re not sick, just hangover :D
Jenny: Ekhm, guys, lecture?
Freddie: I can send you the notes. Also, I think there must have been someone who was recording it.
Kathy: Me for example ;)
Jenny: Would you mind send me all you have?
Jenny: Middleton hates me enough, I don’t want to give him an excuse to kick me out.
Kathy: Sure, I’ll email it as soon as I get home.
Tom: CC me please?...
Jenny: Do we need to prepare something for next week? Did he say anything about the test?
Freddie: Yeah, it’s probably going to be rescheduled, so in three weeks – more time to procrastinate :D
Tom: And you’re telling us now?!
Kathy: And we have an essay to write, due next week ;)
Jenny: Oh no no no no
Freddie: It was supposed to be due in two weeks, but as he rescheduled the test, he said we should at least work on the essay.
Jenny: At least!
Tom: What a dickhead…
Kathy: Well, he assumed that everyone’s started already…
Jenny: Yeah, sure, two weeks before the deadline :D
Freddie: Oh, are you telling me that you haven’t started yet, Jenny? :P
Jenny: Oh, only 50 pages down, another 100 to go :P
Tom: Uhm… what are we supposed to write about?
Kathy: The influence of Jane Austen’s prose on literature
Freddie: Vague much, really creative
Tom: Is this even legal to change the deadline this late?
Kathy: Hahahaha
Jenny: I highly encourage you to bring up this issue, Tom ;)
Summary: Tom was sick in the morning, so he didn't go to the lecture today. Kathy will share her notes by email with Jenny and Tom. The deadline for the essay on the influence of Jane Austen’s prose on literature was shortened and it's due next week. The test will probably be in three weeks' time.
Dialogue: Kyle: Hey guys 👋 I'll be in London 15-19 Dec
Kyle: Anyone up for a drink? 🙏
Jennifer: I'm happy that you've been able to finally find the time to come to London. Unfortunately, I might be unable to make it this time - I'm teaching that week
Rob: Great news Kyle. I'm not very busy on these days, so would be happy to see you whenever
Stan: I should be free too
Kyle: Jennifer, no worries, I'm expecting to travel again soon, so we'll be able to catch up soon
Kyle: Could I ask those of you who are able to meet me to come to Dalston? 
Kyle: I'm staying nearby and have a tight schedule so would much appreciate if you could meet me there
Stan: Sure, no problem bro
Kyle: It's a cool neighbourhood, so I assume you won't mind too much 😅
Rob: No worries, it's fine by me
Kyle: Splendid. Would Sunday the 16th suit you?
Rob: Yeah, that should work for me. Preferably in the evening
Stan: Yer, that should work for me as well
Kyle: OK. Let's meet at the Fox at 7 pm?
Stan: Cool
Rob: 👍 See you there Sun 16 Dec at 7
Kyle: Yep xx
Summary: Kyle is going to visit London between 15th and 19th of December. He is going to meet Stan and Rob for a drink on Sunday 16th at 7 PM at the Fox in Dalston. Jennifer is not going to come because she's giving classes.
Dialogue: Vicky: guys I have a question
Vicky: it's TMI but I have to ask
Denny: shoot
Marleen: <file_gif>
Vicky: did you get food poisoning after our last eating out?
Marleen: no
Denny: nope I'm fine and David was fine too
Vicky: I don't know why I woke up feeling so bad
Marleen: maybe you're pregnant ;p
Denny: don't joke about that!
Vicky: it would be a miracle
Vicky: I'm on pill
Marleen: ok but weren't you taking antibiotics too?
Marleen: they may prevent pill from working
Denny: whaaat
Vicky: you're shitting me
Marleen: no
Marleen: go and check it out hon
Vicky: brb
Summary: Vicky thinks she might have got food poisoning after the last meal with Marleen, Denny, and David. Marleen suggests that Vicky is pregnant.
Dialogue: Szymon: I see so many photos of babies and weddings, it irks me tbh
Maciek: I got used to them already
Ernest: maybe you're jealous?
Szymon: it's not like that
Szymon: maybe it feels like a pressure
Maciek: what kind of pressure?
Maciek: it has nothing to do with you man
Ernest: it feels like some kind of jealousy, FOMO
Maciek: is your family pressuring you somehow?
Szymon: FOMO sounds about right
Szymon: it's not direct pressure but more like a message that society wants me to marry and reproduce
Maciek: maybe you're feeling weird about being single and those photos show you families and stuff
Maciek: you don't want a family nor babies but a serious relationship sounds OK
Szymon: maybe it's because Tina got married
Szymon: and she looks pregnant
Ernest: yep, you're sad and jealous
Maciek: that Tina?
Maciek: well it must have hit you hard
Szymon: yeah
Maciek: I felt the same when Debra got married
Ernest: none of my exes made me feel like that but when my best friend got married I felt kind of... delayed
Ernest: I don't know if I'm making any sense
Maciek: it's one of those moments when you compare your life timeline with others
Szymon: no you make perfect sense
Szymon: I feel the same
Ernest: it doesn't have to be bad, maybe it will push you to go out, meet people
Maciek: we should definitely meet more people
Szymon: i hate meeting new people
Ernest: me too, but meeting someone would be nice
Szymon: you're right
Summary: Szymon's ex girlfriend, Tina, got married and Szymon is upset about it.
Dialogue: Jenny: ahh.. I'm crying😂
Jane: why?
Jenny: I have been watching this morning and they have been doing baby reveals live on the telly
Jane: why has that made you cry?
Jenny: well they had 3 couples on there and the 1st two had already got 2 kids one of each and it theres was a girl they cut a cake
Jane: oh right
Jenny: the second two were on there 1st baby theres was a girl as well
Jenny: they had a balloon that was full of pink confetti all over phil lol
Jane: oh ive seen them
Jenny: and the last couple already had two girls and they had these big party popper things and when they popped them they had silver confetti in them
Jane: silver.. what did that mean? twins?
Jenny: then phil undid his shirt and he had a blue vest on... then vanessa undid her shirt and had its a boy written in blue all over her tshirt
Jane: ahhh so it was a boy then
Jenny: and all the camera men and the floor crew all took there tops off and had blue tshirts on
Jenny: it was all quite emotional ahh
Jane: oh that was sweet.. what was the couple like?
Jenny: they was crying
Summary: Jane and Jenny are talking about the TV programme in which future parents reveal the gender of their unborn children. Jenny is very emotional about it.
Dialogue: James: Seekers of gold dig up much earth and find little. The man who wrote it knew about tinder. It’s a book all about tinder. Written 3000 years ago. 
Maria: But you still use it.
James: Maybe I’m a fool. A fool loves to get excited on any account. 
Maria: You should stop meeting tinder girls.
James: A man when drunk is led by a beardless boy, stumbling, not perceiving where he is going, having his soul moist.
Maria: It makes clear sense. And people have been trying to work out what these mean for 3000 years. Do you believe that you have a soul?
James: I think it gets moist when I’m drunk. 
Summary: James thinks that passages from a 3000-year-old book could be used to describe Tinder dating. Maria advises him to stop dating Tinder girls.
Dialogue: Dagnah: It must be nice for you to wake up earlier these next two weeks 😃
Val: Hahaha
Val: It's sooo great!! 😋
Dagnah: Hehe
Dagnah: And waking up together with your cat and dog 😍
Val: The best!!
Dagnah: Send me photos of them later on ;)
Val: I will 😄
Summary: Val finds it great to wake up earlier these next two weeks together with his cat and dog. He'll send Dagnah some photos of them later on.
Dialogue: Dana: I still haven't found the answer why the results differ so dramatically.
Jason: Well, there's the result rationalization, so if you search for a pizza place you'll find one in your neighborhood and not the most popular on the Internet.
Dana: I've read about that so I'm aware. More or less. But I even searched for it in different languages. Incognito mode. Different devices.
Jason: You just gonna get most popular results in this particular region and time. Apparently this book is not well known in Aus. Incognito mode just deletes cookies.
Dana: Still doesn't explain why I can't find an American writer. Even if I scroll through 100 pages.
Jason: Incognito doesn't hide your region.
Dana: So even if I run hotspot shield, it chooses my region? I've never heard anything like that.
Jason: Yes because there's a main host you get connected to first. And then there's your router, server, ip.
Dana: I've read about regionalization, it's merely a percent in the result variation.
Jason: That's not what I'm talking about. There are 2 or 3 main factors influencing what you you get.
Dana: I don't get it. I'm not talking about a pizza place but an English speaking writer. Should show up anywhere.
Jason: It probably should. But it doesn't ;) next time you travel try searching for him again. Use a different browser, log out of chrome, try a different device and let me know what you see.
Dana: Might be a while. I guess I just never thought how we get conned into seeing more of one thing than the other...
Jason: Yeah, that's one way of looking at it. But it also helps you get what you need faster. You just have unusual interests ;)
Dana: Maybe so. Thanks anyway, I'm gonna try and find out more. That mystery really has me startled...
Summary: Dana can't understand why the results differ so much. Dana can't find an American writer even though scrolling through 100 pages. Jason suggests using a different browser or devise. 
Dialogue: Mom: Is everything okay?
Denise: Of course it is. I wanted to call you. I've got some news 😉
Mom: What news? 
Denise: I'm moving to the new apartament, which will be closer to the uni. 
Mom: I got to know all the details. When can I call you?
Denise: Last class is at 6. Call me at 8 or later.
Denise: Jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to Warsaw. I will not be able to pay for rent alone.
Denise: I was thinking about moving in with Dan. But you're right, we gotta talk about it.
Mom: That is serious! I'm surprised.
Mom: But whatever makes you happy. 
Denise: Thank you😍
Denise: Btw that cheesecake you gave me was delicious! All gone already
Mom: ❤️
Denise: Can't wait to talk to you. Is dad at home?
Mom: He will be at home soon. If you wish we can talk on Skype.
Denise: Good idea! Okay, let's make it 8:30. I will install it first.
Denise: I hope dad will be in a good mood.
Mom: If not, I will not tell him about our little Skype session 😜
Denise: Haha it's fine, tell him. I miss him too. But he will help me carry my stuff very soon.😊
Denise: OK, I should stop texting now.
Mom: I forgot you are on that lecture! Talk later
Denise: 👋
Summary: Denise is moving to the new apartment, which will be closer to the uni. Jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to Warsaw, so Denise won't be able to pay the rent alone. Denise has her last class at 6, so her mum will call her on Skype at 8.30. Dad will be home soon too. 
Dialogue: Margaret: Look at these pants <file_other>
Mindy: wow. quite... revealing
Margaret: you think?
Mindy: oh yes
Margaret: hmmmmm
Margaret: I'll just order them and see how they fit
Mindy: let me know :D
Margaret: what are you gonna wear?
Mindy: I'm broke so probably one of the dresses I bough for this year's weddings
Margaret: the blue one!!
Mindy: or the pink, long dress with beads
Margaret: nice
Mindy: :)
Summary: Margaret will buy a pair of scanty pants. Margaret can't afford any new clothes. She will wear one of her older dresses.
Dialogue: Sylvia: I bought the tickets
Sarah: Thank you!
Adam: What time is it?
Sylvia: 6.30
Sarah: 6.30? Are you sure?
Sylvia: Yes, I have our tickets in front of me
Sarah: Weird, but we said we're going to the Odeon and they don't have a screening at 6.30
Sylvia: <file_other> here are the tickets in pdf
Adam: Sylvia, you bought tickets for Spiderman, not Superman...
Sylvia: What? Really?
Sarah: ...
Sylvia: Sorry, I must have clicked the wrong title :(
Summary: Sylvia accidentally bought the tickets for Spiderman at 6.30. 
Dialogue: Isaac: are you free this Friday?
Wendy: No, I have lectures ...
Isaac: I wanted to take a day off ...
Wendy: well, go ahead but I won't be able to join you 
Isaac: what time do you finish?
Wendy: 2pm 
Isaac: ok, I can meet you then, how about we go to Ikea?
Wendy: great idea! we can eat something there
Isaac: and buy pillows 
Wendy: yes! :)
Summary: Isaac and Wendy will go to Ikea on Friday after 2 pm to buy pillows and eat something.
Dialogue: Jeff: Have you heard any news about the ferry?
Reese: I think there won't be any news anymore
Reese: the rescue mission has been called off
Jeff: so no more survivors?
Reese: no, only those few people
Tim: seven people
Tim: on a dinghy
Jim: did they found the wreck?
Tim: I don't think so
Jeff: and what was the reason?
Reese: it was overcrowded of course, it's common here
Tim: unfortunately :(
Reese: It seems that there were 88 people
Reese: and the ferry was designed for only about 25 passengers
Jeff: god, there is no control of it?
Reese: as Jim said, it's so common
Reese: and we are sea people, we're not afraid of the ocean
Jeff: yes, but it's so irresponsible
Reese: very 
Summary: There was a ferry accident from which only few people are rescued. It happened because the ferry was overcrowded.
Dialogue: Alex: Victoria I must warn you
Victoria: Hey sweetheart <3
Alex: I'm not your sweetheart
Victoria: But you will be 
Alex: Victoria, why don't you stay away from us?
Alex: Brenda told me you were stalking her yesterday
Alex: This is unacceptable
Victoria: Brenda? Who is this?
Alex: Don't play fool
Alex: I got it that you are jealous of her
Alex: And I feel sorry for you
Alex: But this cannot continue like that
Victoria: Don't be angry at me my love
Victoria: It will all be fine
Victoria: Just you and me together
Alex: This will never happen
Alex: I respect you as a human being
Alex: But you got things wrong
Alex: If you continue I'll have to inform authorities 
Summary: Victoria wants to be with Alex. She was stalking Brenda yesterday. She is jealous of her. If Victoria doesn't stay away from Alex and Brenda, Alex will inform authorities. 
Dialogue: Hal: I feel sorry for Betty
Madchen: For what? 
Hal: She didnt come one time to that meeting
Hal: They didnt let her in
Madchen: Oh nooo! 
Madchen: Is she in trouble? 
Hal: I think she is 
Madchen: Jeez I hope shes fine
Hal: Hope so too 
Summary: Betty didn't come to that meeting one time, because they didn't let her in. She might be in trouble.
Dialogue: Rico: say hello to our new family member
Rico: <file_photo>
Fila: omg it's so cute!
Domingo: <file_gif>
Domingo: what's his name?
Rico: she has no name yet
Rico: we are looking for some ideas
Domingo: name her Rihanna
Fila: lol
Rico: I don't like pets with celebrity names
Fila: how about something related to her character?
Rico: I can't tell what's her character yet
Domingo: and does Richard have any ideas?
Fila: call her Jane Doe then
Rico: he wants to call her Blossom but that's too long
Fila: omg that's so cute
Domingo: if that's too long then call her Flores then
Rico: sounds fine
Fila: or call her Rose
Domingo: Lily
Rico: <3
Rico: I'll ask Richie and we'll see what he says
Fila: ok
Summary: Rico's looking for a name for her.
Dialogue: Diane: Hey June, did u hear that Enrique is coming to Poland this year? <3 
June: Hey Diane, OMG really?? 
June: Remember how we adored him when we were teenagers?
Diane: Yeah, u still have that poster on ur wall :D
June: LOL, so when is the concert?
Diane: He starts his European tour on May 1st. But the only concert in Poland is on May 7th. 
Diane: It’s in Cracow though.
June: Oh, that’s great! How bout a long girls weekend in Cracow then?
Diane: That’s a fab idea! But we need to buy tickets asap. They're selling out fast.
June: What are the price ranges?
Diane: From 180 to 300 PLN.
Diane: <file_other>
June: That’s not too bad. I thought they would be pricier.
June: How about the "Golden Circle" area?
Diane: Might as well, I mean how many times are we gonna see Enrique live? :D
Diane: YOLO :)
June: Here's a preview of Enrique's tour: <file_video> 
June: Exactly. I’ll wire the money 4 the tickets :)
Diane: OK, thanks, I’ll look into the train tickets :)
Diane: Departure 4.05 and return 8.05?
June: Perfect!
Diane: I'll keep u posted :)
June: In touch! :)
Diane: ttys :)
Summary: Enrique starts his European tour on May 1st and his concert in Poland will be held on May 7th in Cracow. The tickets cost from 180 to 300 PLN. Diane and June are buying the tickets in the "Golden Circle" area. They will departure on 4.05 and return on 8.05.
Dialogue: Janet: Hello ladies!!! I have an announcement! Today I just got a call from the tourist office and they said that they're offering us a stay in Turkey!
Janet: Tell me what you think, who's for, who's against
Janet: <file_other> Here's the programme of the trip
Rose: Isn't Turkey a bit... dangerous?
Hannah: I've heard there's a war in Turkey
Sophie: War? Who told you that?
Hannah: It's all over the news
Sophie: I don't know what kind of news you're listening to ;) I'm all up for Turkey. Where exactly would we go?
Janet: First of all, there isn't any war in Turkey. Second, it's not dangerous, MFA says it's even less dangerous than France
Rose: But is it really? I'm not sure, I'd prefer to go to Europe
Sophie: Turkey is also in Europe ;)
Janet: We'd go to the west part of the country, which is known to be more modern and European. Also, it's very touristy, so I don't think it's dangerous
Rose: I love the programme Janet, but I'm not really sure... I'll think about it
Sophie: Count me in. I've been to Turkey numerous times and loved it - I haven't been to western part, so it sounds great! Will there be any additional trips?
Janet: I believe so. The office is still preparing a separate offer for us
Hannah: It seems like a good idea. Like Rose I'm not so sure about Turkey, but if Sophie says it's nice...
Sophie: <file_photo>
Sophie: Look how beautiful it is! Come on girls, we'll go there to work out!
Janet: That's the spirit Sophie! I've been there couple of times, I checked the hotel and it's good standard, very pleasant place
Rose: Ok, I'll let you know as soon as possible. When's the deadline?
Janet: I need to complete the list at the end of this month, so there's still time - unless I get enough participants before that date. There are only 20 places ;)
Sophie: You can already count me in
Hannah: I'll let you know at the end of this week, ok? But I think I'll go
Summary: The tourist office has offered Janet, Rose, Hannah and Sophie and the others a stay in Turkey. Janet needs to complete the list of participants at the end of the month. There are 20 places. Sophie will join.
Dialogue: Konrad: My brother has played fortnite for sometime too but now we are kinda League of Legends.
Tom: I’ve never heard of that.
Konrad: It’s very popilar game. It’s like the second most popular game int the world.
Konrad: An I would like to ask you if you can send me a message when you arrive tomorrow at the hotel. So that I will be able to take you from there.
Tom: What hotel will I be arriving at?
Tom: Our teacher has not told us  much about what is happening tomorrow.
Konrad: It is called Olimpia.
Konrad: I was wondering if you know sth about your arrival but there’s no problem.
Tom: We are just told our departure and arrival times from Dublin Airport. 
Konrad: So what is your arrival timw then? 
Konrad: *time
Tom: 20:45
Konrad: Thanks.
Konrad: I was told that you arrive at the hotel at 22:30 or 23:00. Something in those lines.
Summary: Konrad wants to take Tom from the Olimpia hotel when he arrives there. Tom departs from Dublin airport at 20:45 and he will be at the hotel between 22:30- 23:00.
Dialogue: Diana: don't forget your passport like last time
Lee: don't worry, I won't forget it
Diana: you said the same thing last time
Lee: but this time it's true :)
Diana: I hope so :)
Summary: Lee will try not to forget her passport.
Dialogue: Ann: how are you doing?
Kate: I've just seen a horrible accident
Ann: oh, are you ok?
Kate: nothing happened to me but I saw the guy
Ann: what guy?
Kate: I was on the Brooklyn Bridge when a guy putting traffic cones was hit by a lorry
Ann: god, sounds horrible
Kate: It was so sad
Ann: what happened next?
Kate: we stayed there as witnesses, an ambulance came soon and they took him to the hospital
Kate: but later I heard on 1010 WINS that he was pronounced dead in the hospital
Ann: I'm so sorry Kate
Kate: I asked my boss for a day off, I'm not able to work today
Ann: so you're home?
Kate: yes, crying
Ann: I will come over after work, you shouldn't be alone today
Kate: thanks Ann, I really appreciate it
Summary: Kate just witnessed an accident in which a man was hit by a lorry. He died in the hospital. Kate got a day off, Ann will come to her place today after work.
Dialogue: Constance: Have you seen that there is a course of Hebrew at the uni?
Martha: yes, but it's very expensive
Willow: about £300
Thomas: but there are grants if a course is useful for your career or study
Constance: really?
Thomas: sure, in collages
Thomas: just ask
Constance: I will!
Summary: Constance, Martha, Willow and Thomas are interested in a Hebrew course at their university. The course costs about £300, but there are grants if it turns out to be useful for students' study or career.
Dialogue: Maddie: Hi, where were you today? It was epic!
Kira: I heard! Jess text me before. Wish I'd gone now, but I was throwing up all morning!
Maddie: must be your dad's cooking! You better now?
Kira: cheeky! No, just a bug... did Toby really jump out the window and run away!? Wish I'd seen that!
Maddie: yeah, it was sick. The useless supply teacher tried to stop him, but he bolted. Deputy Dingbat was called and we all had to behave!
Kira: yeah! God, he is such a dick , hate him. 
Maddie: me too, he made us all write an apology to the supply bod about our bad behaviour, like we did anything?!
Kira: mind, that Toby is pretty fit!
Maddie: yeah, I know, should have seen him run! He vaulted over the fence too!
Kira: are you dense or what? I meant He's HOT!
Maddie: He's ok. I prefer his mate Zane. I'm sure he was staring at me all through Maths. 
Kira: in your dreams! I hear him and Kate are an item. 
Maddie: Oh, I didn't know that.
Kira: That fat goth girl! I thought he had more taste!
Maddie: Maybe just a rumour. You know what Kathy's like. Loves to spread stuff like that.
Kira: Do you reckon you have a chance with him? 
Maddie: Well Toby and him are going to be at Ben's 16th next Fri. We just rock up looking sexy and... who knows!
Kira: alright for you to say, I look the back end of a bus!
Maddie: you look fabulous, girl. I'll do your contouring and those boys will melt, esp.with that new silver dress you've got!
Kira: you're a mate. I am soooooo looking forward to it! See you. Wonder if Toby's been excluded.
Maddie: hope not! See ya!
Summary: Kira was sick, so she couldn't see Toby jumping out the window. Toby put his classmates into trouble, so they had to apologize for their bad behavior. Kira finds Toby hot, but Maddie prefers Zane. However, Zane probably date Kate. Anyway, Kira and Maddie will try to seduce Zane and Toby next Friday.
Dialogue: Emily: Heeeey, how was it????
Angie: not bad
Emily: That's it???
Angie: well... he picked me up from the bus station
Angie: we went to grab sth to eat
Angie: we talked
Angie: like a lot
Emily: I don't like where this is going...
Angie: turned out he has a wife and 2 kids
Emily: Whaaaaaat? Why didn't he tell you?
Angie: "cuz it's complicated" as he told me
Angie: and I told him this is the last time we meet and I never wanna see him ever again
Emily: I'm so sorry, sweetheart...
Angie: better late than never heh
Summary: Emily went for a date. It turned out he already had a family. Emily never wants to see him again but is relieved that he told her.
Dialogue: Kim: Have you seen the last job advert of Translators World?
Sarah: Nope, wanna apply?
Kim: Noooo, the rates they're offering are beneath any standard!!!
Kim: They propose 2.5 Euro per 1000 characters. Can you imagine?
Sarah: It's devastating how low prices are offered to translators nowadays
Kim: Translating is becoming a hobby and not a proper job...
Summary: Kim won't apply for Translators World because the rate is below the standard.
Dialogue: Liam: We bought super cheap tickets to South Africa
Johnathan: great! 
Peter: how much did you pay?
Liam: 300 something
Kory: wow, that's super cheap indeed
Kory: with what airlines?
Liam: Ethiopian Airlines
Liam: they have good prices because we're flying through Addis Ababa
Summary: Liam bought Ethiopian Airlines plane tickets to South Africa. The flight goes through Addis Ababa.
Dialogue: Ron: Hi there guys! Got any plans for the weekend?
Taylor: Hi, Ron! Actually, I do!
Harry: Hi, Ron. Me too :)
Ron: Got plans together? ;)
Harry: Nope ;) 
Taylor: Nah. So what're yours, Harry?
Harry: I going away with Mike for the weekend!
Ron: Whatcha gonna do?
Harry: We're going to survival camp!
Taylor: Bt y?!
Harry: Great experience: u, the wilderness and u have to survive!
Ron: So what are u taking with u?
Harry: Actually, we're only allowed to take one pair of everything extra, like trousers and underwear and stuff. 
Taylor: I couldn't live like that!
Harry: The only thing we'll get is a panic button.
Ron: What's that?
Harry: If something happens, like someone breaks a leg or a bear chases us and we can't shake it, then that's when it comes in handy ;)
Taylor: So what about food?
Harry: We'll have to provide for ourselves! Hunt, pick and fish :)
Ron: So no fishing rod?
Harry: Not this time. We'll have to make one ourselves. 
Taylor: And where will u sleep? At least a motel?
Ron: Lol. Survival camp, remember?
Harry: Under the stars, ofc :) 
Taylor: That's inhumane!
Harry: I'm so excited! Can't imagine how!
Ron: So no mobile for the weekend?
Harry: Nah. Leaving it at the base station with a charger. Will be there when I come back. 
Summary: Harry is going to survival camp with Mike at the weekend.
Dialogue: Britney: heeeeeey <3
Lindsay: hello lady B-)
Stacey: <3
Britney: <file_photo>
Britney: my new hair
Stacey: lovely!!!!!!!
Summary: Britney has new hair. Stacey loves it.
Dialogue: Brett: So tell us :)
John: Fine. The beauty is not the plot, 'cause that's secondary, but the mechanics that haven't really changed for years and they managed to retain them since the very first episode.
Andrew: I think I get it. Ur nostalgic ;)
John: I imagine I am :)
Brett: Well, all in all, I enjoy racing games the most.
Andrew: Like driving a car back and forth?
Brett: The thrill of the chase :) I especially like the Need For Speed franchise
John: Had 1 or 2 games. I found them exciting for some time and then got bored. 
Andrew: Like me with Fifa...
Brett: I don't get y u would play sports on a computer.
John: U can always go out and play with friends.
Andrew: Lol. Joking right?
John: Nah. Am not.
Andrew: For a minute there I thought u were. 
Brett: Ofc he is! Who in a sane mind would go out and play football outside since we have Fifa :)
John: I would, but have no one to play with. And that's y I play Fifa ;)
Andrew: That's OT, so NFS has been around for some time as well, right?
Brett: I have no idea how long, but it's been around for at least 20 yrs.
John: That's long! Not like FF though, but still!
Andrew: I wonder y ppl buy the same game over and over.
Brett: What do u mean?
John: Just wondering. U buy the same car racing game over and over, Andy buys the same jrpg over and over and I keep playing the same simulators.
Brett: The graphics?
Andrew: All those small changes in the mechanics and gameplay?
John: We like new things?
Brett: Does it really matter? New game, new fun. :)
Andrew: Probably so :)
Summary: Brett enjoys racing games the most. John likes them too, but got bored quickly. Andrew felt like that with playing sports games like Fifa. They  argue why people buy the same game over and over. 
Dialogue: Olga: Hey, guys, could you help? I’m sooo fed up with the food in the Humanities building. Is there a better place to go on campus
Rosemary: ehem not really but you can try Medical Sciences
Rosemary: They’re more aware of hygiene
Rosemary: And always have fresh meet ⚰️
Olga: LOOOL sounds tempting
Troy: Yeah, I guess they’re the best
Troy: I could actually go with you today?
Olga: Sure, I wanted to have lunch around noon
Troy: Splendid, let’s meet at 12:00 at the entrance to our building
Olga: Cool
Rosemary: Have a good time
Olga: We sure will
Summary: Olga is sick of the food in the Humanities building. Rosemary advises her to try Medical Sciences. Troy will go there for lunch with Olga. They'll meet at 12:00 at the entrance to their building.
Dialogue: Father: Hi Brian, could you pick up Danny on your way to FR? Say at 15:45?
Father: I've tried to call you but your phone is offline or something.
Brian: Hi dad, I was jogging. Didn't get calls. Sure we'll pick her up.
Summary: Brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call. At his dad's request, Brian will pick up Danny around 3.45 pm on his way to FR.
Dialogue: Emily: omg Jack, you won't believe it
Emily: I just met Clive Stevenson at dry cleaner
Jack: wow, long time no see
Jack: how is he doing nowadays?
Emily: not well I'm afraid
Emily: he's recently found out that he's got cancer :(
Jack: oh shit :(
Emily: yeah, now the doctors are figuring out which treatment to choose
Emily: apart from that he's got a wife and one kid
Jack: I have always liked him, he was ok to me
Summary: Emily met Clive Stevenson at the dry cleaner's. Clive has recently found out that he has cancer and doctors are choosing some treatment for him. Clive is married with one kid. 
Dialogue: Francesca: girls, I need your advice
Blake: what's up?
Vivienne: yes?
Francesca: Brian wants us to go on a dancing course, it's not that i don't like it but I'm stressed out...i can't dance, I can barely walk :/
Blake: you know, the courses are to go and learn from them...so you're a perfect candidate to try it
Vivienne: that's right, nobody who can dance would pay to go on a dancing course
Francesca: I get it, but I'm so impatient when something doesn't work out as I want :/
Francesca: and Brian is 100% sure and is almost bullying me to stop freaking out
Blake: oh come on, maybe it's something you will love? you won't know until you try
Blake: sometimes you just have to jump in the deep end and see what happens
Vivienne: Blake's right
Vivienne: c'mon
Francesca: I'll reconsider it...maybe
Vivienne: just think about all the parties where you can be the couple of the night
Blake: exactly!!!!!
Blake: If you're scared then Viv and I can go as a couple on that course hahahaha
Vivienne: Blake....this is absolutely fantastic, I'm in XDDDD
Francesca: omg, really? xddd
Blake: why not
Blake: Viv, will you be my gf during that course? xd
Viv: of course DARLING hahahahahaah
Francesca: I can't believe it XDDDD I already see myself introducing you to my boyfriend as the lesbian couple I know and respect XD
Summary: Francesca is stressed as Brian wants them to go on a dancing course. She can't dance and she's afraid she's not going to learn, whereas Brain is very insistent. Blake and Vivienne persuade her it's a good idea. In case the course doesn’t work for her the girls can take this course instead.
Dialogue: Sydney: <file_video>
Sydney: This is the video Karolina took while u were dancing😃😄😃😄😃😄
Andrew: Omg so terrible((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))
Sydney: But it is so funny!! XDXDXDXDXDXD(*^3^)/~☆
Sydney: You looked like the octopus caught by the fisherman and shacking on the boat
Andrew: I was drunk!!(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)
Sydney: I still remember what the instructor said to you 
Sydney: What did he say to you?
Andrew: Only one way I can dance well(－－〆)
Sydney: That's the point! (⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）
Sydney: You drank a lot and you looked like a live dancing octopus XD
Andrew: Not everybody can be talented in dancing!
Sydney: Of course you are right (●＾o＾●)(
Sydney: But not many people could dance like octopus like you XDXD
Andrew: Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!
Summary: Karolina took a video of Andrew dancing when he was drunk.
Dialogue: Julius: I heard about your car :/
Julius: My condolences
Fred: Thanks :/
Fred: You know.. Shit happens.
Julius: How bad are the losses?
Fred: Probably the whole front needs repair.
Fred: Lamps, bumper, front tires.
Fred: I'm still waiting for the assessment of the losses.
Julius: Let me know when you learn how bad it is. 
Julius: If there's anything I can do to help you also let me know.
Fred: I could use some company and a bottle of vodka.
Julius: Haha. 
Fred: It wasn't a joke.
Julius: You free tonight?
Fred: Yes I am.
Julius: I'll be at your place at 8 :D
Fred: I'll make some beef then :D
Summary: Fred's car is broken badly. Julius will see Fred at his place at 8 tonight to cheer him up.
Dialogue: Freddie: So Brexit is finally gonna happen?
Isla: Looks like it. Still a long way to go, but through the hardest part. I think!
Freddie: What about Ireland?
Isla: I think they're still hashing that one out. Visas and passports too. And customs. And...
Freddie: Geez. So what did they really settle?
Isla: Immigration for one thing. And who owes who money for another. The important stuff.
Freddie: Riiiight.
Isla: After all, immigration was the reason it all got voted in in the first place.
Freddie: The NIMBY's of the country?
Isla: Yes, they saw immigrants as diluting the British culture and sucking up all the resources.
Freddie: I see.
Isla: Not wrong in some cases, but also there were some countries that shouldn't have been part of the EU. Turkey for one!
Freddie: Isn't that where you're from?
Isla: My family originally, yes. 
Freddie: Interesting!
Summary: Isla thinks Brexit is going to happen. There are issues that they still need to settle before Brexit. Isla thinks Turkey shouldn't be in the EU. Isla's family is from Turkey. 
Dialogue: Donna: Do you know of there is any laundromat around here?
Ellis: one block from me. But it closes at 10PM
Donna: ok, I'll do it now
Summary: Donna is going to use the laundromat which is one block away from Ellis's place now.
Dialogue: Ron: does any of you have a drill I could borrow?
Dave: Not me 
Dean: Nope, but I know Henry does
Henry: howdy, I have a drill. When do you need it?
Ron: asap, it's a quick thing, I'll give it back the next day
Henry: no probs. I have time in the afternoon if you want to come and pick it up
Ron: oh, sweet, thanks man, I owe you
Henry: no probs
Summary: Ron will borrow a drill from Henry in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Michael: I'm really tired, I may not make it to the party
Michael: I'm sorry
Nathan: no!!! I was waiting for you
Ann: everybody will be disappointed
Michael: sorry guys, I just cannot do everything people expect from me
Michael: I'm burning out
Nathan: I understand, ok, take care!
Summary: Michael's too tired to join the party. Nathan is disappointed, but understands.
Dialogue: Jake: <file_photo>
Jake: what do lladies think? Is it enough for our kitchen?
Miriam: What's the size of it?
Jake: 53 length and 25 width
Monique: I guess it's enough
Monique: and the price?
Jake: 20$
Miriam: really? that's a lot :/
Monique: yep, a lot
Jake: I'll be looking for something else then
Summary: Jake is wondering if it is enough for their kitchen. It is 53 in lenght, 25 in width and costs $20. Miriam and Monique think it is too expensive.
Dialogue: Patrick: Hey!
Joana: Hi!
Patrick: How r u?
Joana: Very good thnx.
Joana: Wby
Patrick: Same here.
Patrick: Do u want to do anything later?
Joana: Sure. Cinema or sth?
Patrick: Yeah nb.
Patrick: Do u wanna get food first?
Joana: So where d u want to go?
Patrick: There's new pizza place. 
Patrick: Wanna try?
Joana: ok. Why not.
Summary: Joana and Patrick are going to eat pizza and then go to the cinema.
Dialogue: Larry: Hey, what was the name of this british journalist guy who makes videos on youtube during stand-ups?
Harry: Jonathan Pie
Larry: Thanks!
Harry: Guy is great.
Harry: Just before or after recording material he always makes a statement about current  affairs using swearwords and with no beating around the bush.
Larry: Yeah, I remember when you showed it to me.
Harry: Despite him being a leftist I admire him.
Harry: He has unique gift of being objective journalist and giving his opinion next to the facts not instead of them.
Larry: I think the world needs journalist like this.
Harry: Yup. I agree.
Larry: Have you ever been to London?
Harry: Nope.
Larry: Me too. But I would really love to go there one day.
Harry: Nothing difficult in that.
Harry: You save some money, book a flight and accomodation and that's it.
Larry: Theoratically yes
Harry: There is no theoretically here. You dream of something and you do it if it's in your reach. And that one thing is rather easy to accomplish.
Larry: You're right. I will do my best. Thanks for the motivation. :D
Summary: Larry and Harry like Jonathan Pie as he's an objective journalist. Neither Larry nor Harry have been o London. Larry might go there soon.
Dialogue: Gemma: What time are we meeting?
Dina: 6?
Gemma: 6:30?
Dina: okk
Summary: Gemma and Dina are meeting at 6.30.
Dialogue: Jane: Let the holiday begin! xxx
Harry: again?!
Jane: get lost! x
Richard: Enjoy!
Mark: Where're you going?
Jane: Sunny Turkey ;)
Mark: i hate you!
Jane: ;)
Mary: have a lovely time! 
Victoria: post some pics! x
Summary: Jane is going to Turkey for holiday.
Dialogue: Dominik: hi! I'm looking for a computer
Marek: Good afternoon! I am glad to be your adviser. What are we looking for?
Dominik: I want to get a computer for my girlfriend
Marek: What will be main purpose of it? 
Dominik: it's because she has a birthday soon
Marek: No, I meant how she will use her computer
Dominik: Oh, sorry :D. She's a graphic designer, so mostly she's going to draw someting, maybe a bit of 3D modelling
Marek: No worries :). So the graphic card is importand, also the hard drive plays an important role. And good quality monitor is a must
Dominik: yes, also she is playing guitar, so some good audio card and speakers would be nice
Marek: I am sure we can find something suitable. Please give me a moment so I can complete your offer
Dominik: sure
Dominik: hello?
Dominik: helloooo???
Marek: Thank you for waiting. I have prepared 3 setups, cheap, medium and fully equipped one
Marek: <file_photo>
Marek: <file_photo>
Marek: <file_photo>
Dominik: wow, they all look cool, but quite pricy, especially the last one
Marek: As you can see the prices are not so different, but compare specification of the first and third one. There is better grapic card, SSD drive - very important nowadays, and the biggest monitor we have in our shop
Dominik: I will have to think about it, thank you for your help
Marek: Come back to us whenever you are ready, our online consultants are working 24/7 for you. Have a nice day!11
Summary: Dominik wants to buy a computer as a birthday gift for his girlfriend, who is a graphic designer and plays the guitar. Marek comes up with three suitable offers. 
Dialogue: Samuel: hey, have you taken the algebra final exam?
Adam: just did
Samuel: really?
Adam: yeah, just walked out of the classroom
Samuel: i'm taking it in a couple of hours and haven't had any chance to study for it
Adam: it's not that hard, don't sweat it
Samuel: how many questions are there?
Adam: 15
Samuel: do you remember what they were?
Adam: not really
Samuel: you just took the exam!!! did you forget already?
Adam: you'll be asked to graph some equations using the quadratic formula...
Samuel: what else?!
Adam: there's also some absolute value inequalities
Samuel: are there exponentials?
Adam: yes
Samuel: oh no!!! I'm freaking out, i don't think i'm prepared to take it
Adam: calm down, you'll be fine
Samuel: i think i'll talk to the professor and see if i can take it next week
Adam: good luck with that
Summary: Adam has just taken the algebra final exam. There were 15 questions. They concerned quadratic formula, absolute value inequalities and exponentials. Samuel wants to take the exam next week.
Dialogue: Liz: Have you watched The Little Drummer Girl on BBC?
Tony: Nope. Saw the first ep and didn't like it.
Liz: I like it! You should give it another try.
Tony: Not sure the story is for me.
Liz: Oh, it gets good!
Tony: She's also kinda whiny.
Liz: She changes. Trust me!
Tony: Maybe.
Summary: Tony didn't like The Little Drummer Girl. 
Dialogue: Jeff: Yo! Can I ask you some questions?
Daniel: Sure!
Jeff: After our last talk I decided to check the books you recommended.
Daniel: Discworld series?
Jeff: Yep.
Daniel: So what do you want to know?
Jeff: There's so many of them that I don't know where to start!
Daniel: I know it might not be the most useful advice but I would start at the beginning :P
Jeff: Very funny...
Daniel: I'm serious.
Daniel: There are lots of "recommended" patterns when dealing with Discworld series.
Daniel: But for me the answer is simple.
Daniel: Just start with the first book and follow the order in which they were released.
Jeff: So why people recommend a different approach?
Daniel: There are many sub-series within Discworld.
Daniel: Rincewind, Witches, City Watch, Death and so on.
Daniel: Some prefer to read it that way to focus on one set of characters.
Jeff: Okay but you still think I should read everything in order?
Daniel: That is what I did.
Daniel: Especially that there are characters that appear across several series.
Daniel: So that way you won't miss anything.
Jeff: Oh now I get it.
Jeff: I'll just follow your advice.
Daniel: No problem.
Daniel: I really think, you're going to enjoy it.
Summary: Daniel gives Jeff some advice on the Discworld book series. Jeff should start from the first one and read them in order in which they were released. 
Dialogue: Lionel: Do you wnat whiskey or wine for the party?
Charlie: Wine!
Charlie: Whiskey? WTF?
Lionel: Don't like whiskey?
Charlie: it's not that it's just not really a dinner dirink
Summary: Charlie thinks that it is not a good idea to bring whiskey for the party.
Dialogue: Freddie: bruh, that was a sick game!
Ollie: ez, we just rolled thru them
Ollie: probably just some noobs
Freddie: still fun
Ollie: you just like to pwn others :P
Freddie: let them fear the mighty Fredster ;)
Ollie: the mighty Fredster need to learn how to aim :P
Ollie: your accuracy was shit
Freddie: who cares
Freddie: we won anyway!
Ollie: not thanks to you ;)
Summary: Freddie and Ollie won the game despite Freddie's poor accuracy.
Dialogue: Matilda: When do we have that test in Trig?
Odin: This Friday.
Matilda: What? That's in two days! Uhh... I can't believe I forgot about it until now.
Odin: You can do it! Do you want me to help you?
Matilda: If it's not a problem, I'd love that. I'm completely hopeless when it comes to maths.
Summary: Odin will help Matilda to get prepared for their math test taking place in two days.
Dialogue: Marcus: <file_photo>, I got the job :D
Eve: Congratulations!
Steve: Gz :) When do you start?
Marcus: Right away, on 3rd
Steve: First salary before the holidays, be sure to remember us ;)
Eve: Haha, I had my eye on a silver bracelet for a while now ;)
Marcus: You will be lucky to get a beer from me :D
Steve: Typical... :( So how was that final stage?
Marcus: I was quite nervous that I will be meeting the CEO, but he was chill. He has a 15 minutes conversation with everyone, but usually talking to him means you got the job
Eve: So why were you so stressed yesterday?
Marcus: Well no one actually told me that before this meeting :p
Eve: Ok, I get it :)
Marcus: Want to meet for this beer tomorrow? While the offer is on the table? ;)
Steve: Yeah, let's go and celebrate :)
Summary: Marcus starts new job on the 3rd. Marcus and Steve will meet for beer tomorrow.
Dialogue: Dex: I think it was man-shaming to call out Ed Sheeran for wearing a tee shirt.
Sara: How so?
Dex: Well, he always wears that.
Sara: And?
Dex: What does it matter?
Sara: There are standards and they are performers. Beyonce was dressed to the 9's!
Dex: So, she always is and Ed always wears a tee. So what?
Sara: I just think that there's a double standard.
Dex: You and loads of other people.
Sara: Guys just don't know how to dress. They want to be comfortable at all times.
Dex: So?
Sara: So sometimes it isn't appropriate to look like a slob.
Dex: I just don't think it's a big deal but YMMV.
Sara: Personally, I like a well dressed man.
Dex: Personally, I like to be comfy!
Summary: Ed Sheeran wore a t-shirt to a ceremony, for which he was called out. Dex justified Ed because he also likes to feel comfortable in his clothes.
Dialogue: Garry: I cannot believe January is almost over!
Victor: It passed so quickly
Cindy: Indeed 
Summary: January is almost over.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: I would like you to stop contacting my boyfriend 
Mary: I'd like you to stop contacting me
Elisabeth: I don't care
Mary: Talk to my ass. you're blocked
Summary: Elisabeth wants Mary to stop contacting her boyfriend. Mary blocks Elisabeth.
Dialogue: Peter: Tom, have you ever been to Poland?
Tom: Yes, I lived there for a while, did you forget?
Peter: That's what I thought, but wasn't sure.
Tom: How did you like it? I'm thinking about going there for holidays.
Peter: To live there is shit but I think it's worth to visit.
Tom: Why so bad?
Peter: It's very conservative, cold, quite racist and the capital is a hell in winter - so much smog
Tom: Is it also so bad in summer?
Peter: I don't think so or at least it didn't seem so.
Tom: What should I visit there?
Peter: Go to Cracow and Warsaw, there are very different, then if you have some more time go to see other places
Tom: I would like to see some nature, I'm not into cities
Peter: So go to this lake region in the North-East and there is also this famous UNESCO primordial forest at the border with Belarus, but the name of it is unpronounceable.
Tom: Cool, I'll google it, any small villages?
Peter: Some Polish friends told me that it's worth to go to the mountains in the South-East, they are quite popular there, it's a remote and peaceful place I think.
Tom: Have you travelled around a lot?
Peter: Not really, I stayed in the cities, since I worked all the time. I visited Gdansk and Wroclaw and Poznan.
Tom: I would like to explore Eastern Europe a bit, but it's wild side, like Carpathians, forests, remote beaches.
Peter: It's such a great idea! You should go to the Baltic states, I really like Latvia.
Tom: Why?
Peter: A beautiful coast with amazing sunsets, since it's the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea. Riga is a very cute town, and they have amazing forests as well and little towns.
Tom: So maybe Latvia instead of Poland?
Peter: I would say so, Latvia and Estonia, you will love them. They are also not that fascist hahahaha
Tom: cool, thanks!
Peter: No problem.
Summary: Tom would like to visit Eastern Europe. He's thinking about going to Poland and seeing some villages, forests, mountains, etc. Peter doesn't appreciate Polish people, so he recommends exploring the Baltic States instead.
Dialogue: Rafael: What time you expect to come?
Rafael: Just to know more or less when I can go for lunch ;)
Monica: Sorry, I was going to call you but I had a long meeting
Monica: I'm driving to your office now
Monica: The traffic is terrible let me check
Rafael: OK take it easy
Monica: Be at your work in 15 minutes
Monica: I am at your building waiting downstairs ;)
Rafael: Going down now
Monica: Awesome
Summary: Rafael was waiting on Monica, as he wanted to go for lunch. Monica did not call, because she had a long meeting. Driving to Rafael's office took Monica 15 minutes due to the traffic jam. 
Dialogue: Nina: Do u want some candles?
Fran: Why? u have yoo much?
Nina: no, I'm going to Ikea 
Fran: than sure, buy some new scent 4 me
Fran: can u buy also cups 4 me?
Fran: <file_picture>
Nina: sure, how many?
Fran: 2, thanks!
Summary: Nina is going to Ikea. Fran asks her to get some candles and cups for her.
Dialogue: Benny: How do you guys protect yourselves from spam?
Cory: I use anti-spam filters and don't subscribe to newsletters.
Darcy: I don't. My e-mail takes care of that.
Benny: What do you use, Darcy?
Darcy: ProtonMail.
Cory: Never heard of it.
Summary: To protect themselves from spam messages, Darcy uses ProtonMail, whereas Cory uses anti-spam filters and he doesn't subscribe to newsletters.
Dialogue: Amy: Is anyone coming to the office today?
Helen: Only in 2019!
Clare: You might be alone today 
Summary: Amy might be the only person in the office today. Helen will come in 2019.
Dialogue: Jack: I'll be so late, Im sorry
June: Did they hold you at work?
Jack: Yeah, they did;/ again, I'm sorry
June: I'll just tell guests to come later
Jack: Sorry hon, I'll bring more wine ;)
June: You better, otherwise don't bother coming at all:D
Jack: You don't mean that;(
June: Of course I don't, just get your ass over here love;*
Jack: Omv 
Summary: Jack will be late but he'll bring more wine. June will tell the guests to come later.
Dialogue: Lassie: <file_photo>
Lassie: Thank you Lawrence! The mask is superb, perfect fit, and it works super.
Lawrence: Glad to hear it. Enjoy!
Lawrence: Has dad been using it too?
Lassie: He tried today but it seems not to be tight around his neck, so for the time being he gave up on it.
Lawrence: That would be a pity. Did he try to loosen it a bit? If you had it first, it's probably too tight for him. He has a bigger head :)
Lassie: We tried it out but it didn't work. So we gather it's because of his beard.
Lawrence: Is he going to shave his neck then? I would!
Lassie: I suppose that finally he will. Being jealous of all my descriptions of the underwater beauties!
Lawrence: Talk him into it.
Lassie: I'll definitely try!
Summary: Lassie had a snorkeling mask from Lawrence. His dad didn't use it, because it doesn't fit. 
Dialogue: Alan: What was the name of the song of our holidays?
Fiona: The one of Arctic Monkeys? Was it "Are you mine?"
Debby: LOL we listen to AM all the time!
Alan: "I can be your coffee pot" XD
Summary: Alan, Fiona and Debby enjoy Arctic Monkeys song.
Dialogue: Jasmine: Thank you sooo much for the gift!!! It's so great and so nice of you!!!
Nina: We're happy you like it :D
Rob: Congratulations again Jasmine!
Jasmine: I miss U all so much :(
Nina: We miss you too honey. So sorry we can't be there with you
Jasmine: I know... We hope to see you really soon :*
Summary: Jasmine really appreciates the gift that she received from Nina and Rob. Jasmine hopes to see them soon.
Dialogue: Legend: Pretty girl
Legend: I need to shower
Legend: Real quick
Aliza: 😊
Legend: Done
Legend: You home yet?
Aliza: Yeah just now
Summary: Legend takes a shower. Aliza is at home.
Dialogue: Theodore: Should we leave soon?
Alois: Yes
Grace: So where are you Alois?
Alois: WC
Grace: ok, sorry
Summary: Alois is in a restroom.
Dialogue: Sandra: Did you lock the door, darling?
Alexia: Yes, I did.
Sandra: Have you got your hat on?
Alexia: Yeah
Sandra: Have a good day at school :-*
Summary: Sandra asks Alexia if she locked the door and put her hat on. She did.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Hey, are you free for lunch tomorrow?
Ted: Hi, no, I'm sorry, I'm on holidays
Dorothy: Oh ok, don't be sorry! Enjoy your holidays :)
Dorothy: I thought you were back already
Ted: I'll give you a call on Monday ok?
Dorothy: Sure! Have fun
Summary: Dorothy wants to get lunch with Ted but Ted is on holidays. Ted will call Dorothy on Monday.
Dialogue: Hugo: yo! do you have a minute?
Olaf: sure, what's up?
Hugo: I have some free tickets to a game this Saturday at 4 PM.
Hugo: so if you have some time and would like to come let me know.
Olaf: oh, great, sure I can come.
Hugo: that was quick :) I have at least two additional tickets so if you want to bring someone feel free.
Hugo: just let me know so I stop looking for additional people ;)
Olaf: thanks but I guess I will be by myself.
Hugo: that works as well.
Hugo: as I have all the tickets with me, we need to meet up before the game.
Olaf: of course.
Hugo: great, I'm supposed to meet with the others at 3 PM near the A1 Gate.
Hugo: can you make it?
Olaf: sure, I will be there.
Hugo: well that's it then.
Hugo: see you on Saturday!
Hugo: if anything changes, I will let you know.
Summary: Olaf will go with Hugo to a game this Saturday at 4 PM. They will meet at 3 PM near the A1 Gate. 
Dialogue: Judith: Have you seen the new schedule?
Marco: Yeah
Leo: My shifts are horrible
Leo: They gave me only night shifts this month
Marco: Mine are good
Marco: 7am-3pm 4 days a week
Judith: I have to travel 2nd-5th March
Judith: Can someone change with me?
Leo: If you want to take night shifts
Judith: I don't care
Judith: Could you change with me?
Leo: No problem
Judith: Thanks
Leo: We need to let them know 
Summary: Judith, Marco and Leo received new shifts schedule. Judith is travelling from March 2nd to March 5th. She will change shifts with Leo.
Dialogue: Zenobia: Now I got off the bus. How can I find the buliding 42?
Adonis: Can you see Emart express around you?
Zenobia: No. I’m a total stranger here.
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Zenobia: I'm here
Adonis: Turn left at the corner. The corner you can see right in front of you. NICE bank is also in the building. 
Zenobia: Ok, and then?
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Adonis: Come straight. Can you see BABA bakery?
Zenobia: um.....Yes?
Adonis: OTZ......
Adonis: Hold on. I’m calling you now. 
Summary: Zenobia is looking for building No 42. Adonis provides directions to get there.
Dialogue: Sadie: Kelly, it's Sadie from work! Just wanted to say Hi.
Kelly: Sadie, how are you finding it so far, it's so hard at the beginning, isn't it?
Sadie: You're telling me! I am finding it hard to remember everything. I'm sure I'm making a fool of myself!
Kelly: No, of Course not, we all have to start somewhere. You've been fine!
Sadie: I have done ok, but I'm so clumsy. I dropped barbecue sauce all over Neil's shirt this morning, he was furious!
Kelly: Oh, Neil's bark is worse than his bite. He ran out and bought a new one at lunchtime, no harm done.
Sadie: Oh! Shall I offer to pay for it, I mean, perhaps he won't be able to get the sauce stain out! Oh, God! I feel terrible.
Kelly: Yes, I think that would be the right thing to do, Sadie.
Sadie: Yes, thanks for your advice, Kelly. See you Monday!
Kelly: Any time, see you!
Summary: Sadie has a new job. She finds it hard. She ruined Neil's shirt. He bought a new one. She thinks she should offer to cover the costs of the new shirt. Kelly concurs. 
Dialogue: Isabelle: Do you want to go the circus?
Neomi: Oh, Natalie told me about that, not really
Isabelle: Why o.O
Neomi: I’m not into it
Isabelle: But… everyone’s coming!
Neomi: Ehhm ok, I just don’t think it’s right
Isabelle: What, going to the circus XD
Neomi: Exactly
Isabelle: Whyyyy
Neomi: It’s cruel!! Those animals are trained all the time, exhausted, hurt, I don’t see a reason to go
Isabelle: Who says it is like that everywhere
Neomi: I think it is, it’s completely unnecessary, if there were no animals, I would go
Isabelle: Ok, your choice but… Ryan will be there
Neomi: Eh :[ Still I won’t go
Isabelle: And Irma as well!!
Neomi: Oh no… Evan that won’t change my mind ;p
Isabelle: Stubborn! OK, I’ll make sure Irma and Ryan don’t have too much time to talk ;)
Neomi: Thanks, I love you! :*
Summary: Isabelle goes to the circus with Ryan, Irma and Natalie. Neomi doesn't want to go, because of the animals which are there.
Dialogue: Mike: Look, this place was my home from mid 1988 til last Friday.<file_photo>
Anne: Such a nice place.
Iker: I love it. 
Mike: So many great memories and stories there. One of my friends falling off the front balcony is hard to beat.
Monica: Yew, I got a mention! And brain damage. 
Anne: There’s nothing so emotional as selling our home. Ugh :(
Iker: The memories will remain. Cheers to the next step.
Mike: Quite sad… but happy for the new chapter with Linda.
Anne: Felt the same way when my folks sold our family home too.
Monica: Move back 😊 <file_gif>
Sonia: It’s heartbreaking ☹ It’s so sad for me and I can’t even imagine what it means to you.
Anne: Hugs.
Mike: Remember my bithday party, Christmas time and my dog there.
Monica: Never told you had a dog.
Mike: He was cold Rambo. I grew up with him. Childhood best friend.
Monica: What happened to him?
Mike: Got lost when I moved out. ☹
Monica: Must be missing you.
Anne: I’m sorry ☹  <file_gif>
Summary: Mike shares a photo of the home he lived in from 1988 until now. He's moving because he starts a new life with Linda. 
Dialogue: Leo: What is the best language app in your opinion?
Max: Duolingo!
Linda: Nah, I don't like it. Memrize works better for me.
Rose: I'm also a Duolingo fan.
Leo: I'm going to Spain for holidays. I want to know the basics so I can communicate.
Robert: Why don't you take a few private lessons? I think it's better than any app. 
Leo: My schedule is so irregular... 
Rose: Try Duolingo! You should be fine during your vacations.
Max: It's cool. I did the Spanish course and I definitely can understand something.
Lisa: I'm more of an audio person. I really like Pimsleur. It will actually make you speak and not just memorise random words.
Leo: I haven't tried any of those yet. I guess I need to figure out what's best for me.
Max: When are you flying?
Leo: In one month.
Max: You'll be fine. 
Summary: Leo wants to learn Spanish and he needs advice on language learning apps. They discuss Duolingo, Memrize and Pimsleur, which is good because it makes you talk.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Wanna dish?
Caroline: Always!! :D
Dorothy: Peter told me that George wanna split up with Jane.
Caroline: For the fifth time.... -.-
Dorothy: He told me this time it's for real.
Caroline: Yeah, right :D I don't believe it for a sec
Dorothy: Well, I dunno, they seemed pretty bored with each other lately.
Caroline: you think?
Dorothy: Yeah, don't you remember Michael's party?
Caroline: what about it?
Dorothy: They spent the whole party separately and they argued before they left....
Caroline: Oh, you're right! I forgot. 
Dorothy: Peter told me Jane might have someone on the side
Caroline: no way! It's just George being paranoid as always
Dorothy: well, I heard George looked at her messenger and found some messages...
Caroline: get out!!
Dorothy: I swear :D 
Caroline: If he found some messages why didn't he break up with her immediately?
Dorothy: you know how he is. He has to be sure, not to make any mistakes...
Caroline: LOL, so what's he gonna do, hire a detective to prove it? :D
Dorothy: hahaha I wouldn't be surprised.
Caroline: Oh, I think it's time they broke up. Every trip with them equals drama
Dorothy: Yeah, it would be weird though... Them being not together
Caroline: yeah, how long has it been? 7 years?
Dorothy: Something like that.. Freaky.
Caroline: Yeah.. keep me posted!
Dorothy: will do! xoxo
Summary: Dorothy and Caroline are gossiping about George and Jane splitting up. George looked through Jane's messages. They have been together for 7 years.
Dialogue: Mary: I'm making the reservation!! 6pm good?
Olivia: could we make it more like sevenish? I don't know if I can make it on time
Olivia: traffic is the worst lately
Mary: Okey-dokey
Olivia: Who's coming?
Mary: Jim and Sara and Dan
Olivia: THE Dan?
Mary: Mhm
Olivia: OMG
Summary: Jim, Sara, Dan, Olivia and Mary will meet at about seven.
Dialogue: Maya: And how's the new flat?
David: Good, u know. 
Maya: I'm glad to hear that, considering all your previous doubts...
David: Yeah, I know. 
Maya: Come on, tell me. 
David: You know, I'm still not convinced... 
Maya: I can imagine. But you know, you've made a decision (I'm sure  you thought it over and over again, I know you!). It's already good to make a decision.
David: Yeah...
Maya: So what is it about?
David: Well, it's about Kate wanting to redecorate the whole thing... 
Maya: Ouch. 
David: You see. I mean, we are only renting it. It's not like aranging the space for life. Besides, I don't give a shit about the space.
Maya: Yes, I've noticed, u know ;)
David: Right. 
Maya: Tried talking to her?
David: Yes. But it's not so simple. 
Maya: It never is..
Summary: David's partner Maya wants to redecorate the flat they have rented recently. David doesn't like that.
Dialogue: Daniel: beer?
David: oh, man, sure
Daniel: ok, I'll bring some
Summary: Daniel will bring some beers for himself and David.
Dialogue: George: <file_photo>
Conor: Wow that place looks awesome!
George: Should we go there? 
George: For skiing?
Conor: Id love to haha
Summary: Conor would love to go skiing in the place that George has showed him.
