Dialogue: JoAnne: Who left this mess in the kitchen?
Carol: Not me this time:D 
Kate: It’s mine, sorry I was late for work
JoAnne: Jeez, again? Just clean it up after work, I have some peeps coming over
Kate: You got it, sorry
Summary: JoAnne wants Kate to clean the kitchen up after work.
Dialogue: Olivia: I just got an offer on LinkedIn
Anne: Where from?
Olivia: France, Project Manager
Mike: Ok, but you got an offer already or just a message?
Olivia: Just a message, but I replied and we talked already on the phone
Anne: wait, do you really want to move to France?
Olivia: I don't know yet
Howard: Hold on, are you serious?
Mike: What company is it?
Olivia: It's a creative agency in Rennes, here's the job description:
Olivia: <file_other>
Mike: Well, Rennes's not that far away, but... really, France?
Howard: How much do they offer?
Anne: I thought you like your job
Olivia: I do, but I've been here for 4 years
Howard: So - how much?
Olivia: He said 40k per year
Mike: Euros?
Olivia: Of course
Anne: I'm not sure it's enough to recompensate working with French people ;)
Howard: So, are you going to have another interview?
Olivia: I'm supposed to let them know if I'm interested. I'm not sure
Anne: Take it if it's really interesting and you could save some money when you're there, otherwise.... for me kind of pointless
Howard: Unless you're planning to move to France
Summary: Olivia got a job offer for Project Manager position in Rennes. They offer her 40k per year. She doesn't know yet if she wants this job.  
Dialogue: Pia: Hi there! how are you feeling today?
Jess: I've been better, but thanks, got some meds, should be better tomorrow
Pia: Take your time, things are really slow at work now
Jess: But you still need someone to cover my shifts
Pia: I got it, I found a short-notice replacement
Jess: How on Earth?
Pia: I moved one person from reservations
Jess: Oh, well then, if that works
Pia: It does! Just say: you are a genius!;)
Jess: You are! Thanks
Pia: Welcome:) 
Jess: I'll go back to napping then
Pia: Go ahead, I am just wrapping thins up for this week and wanted to touch base with ya
Jess: Thanks for checking in! Have a goodnight 
Pia: You too, send my love to your fam
Jess: I will! Take care:)
Summary: Jess isn't feeling very well, but hopes to be better tomorrow. Pia moved a person from reservations to cover her shifts at work.
Dialogue: Mike: Did you watch Juventus yesteday?
Annie: Nope
Mike: I thought your Italian boyfriend turned into a fan
Annie: Well, he kind of did
Mike: So why didn't you watch the match?
Annie: Because, you know, I dumped him
Mike: Whaaaaaaaaaaat?!? When? Why?
Annie: Oh come on, Pietro was a prick
Mike: Actually I thought you were some kind of perfect couple
Annie: Yeah, right... nope, he was an asshole
Mike: I'm really confused now
Annie: Yep, after the first couple of months he became unbeararable
Mike: Why? I would have never imagined that
Annie: Well, we were good at pretending
Mike: Damn, I'm sorry
Annie: He's a really awful guy
Mike: But did he do something bad? I mean...
Annie: Yep, he did one awful thing
Mike: And what was that?
Annie: He saw his girlfriend's messenger was open and wrote some fake messages to Mike to troll him XD
Mike: What? :O
Annie: I trolled you hard, Mikey! Lol
Mike: Wtf... Pietro?
Annie: Yeah, it's me XD And by the way Annie and I are the perfect couple indeed
Mike: Shit
Annie: And she loved watching the match with me
Mike: Ok XD But you're still a douchebag XD
Annie: Only to my best bros XD
Summary: Pietro fooled Mike into believing he broke up with Annie. Pietro and Annie watched Juventus match yesterday.
Dialogue: Jacob: Ethan has been asking about your address. what should I say to him?
Sophia: Say whatever. Just don't tell him my address
Jacob: Why do you not want him to know your address? Everything's fine?
Sophia: I just dont like that guy 
Jacob: Dont worry. I will handle it somehow or other
Sophia: Thank you. I will let you know everything when we meet up
Jacob: Ok sure. 
Sophia: Please dont let him know that I said something about him to you.
Jacob: I will take care of that as well
Sophia: Tysm. You coming to school tomorrow?
Jacob: Yes and I will bring your English notebook as well
Sophia: Jeez. I have been finding it for 2 days at least you shouldve let me know that you had it :/
Jacob: Dont worry sweety. You will have it soon :P
Summary: Sophia doesn't want Jacob to give her address to Ethan. Sophia has been looking for her English notebook for two days. Jacob will hand it over to her at school tomorrow.
Dialogue: Nancy: will you wear a dress of a skirt?
Jenny: dress here
Don: also here, it's one of the rare opportunities I can wear a nice long dress
Nancy: ok
Summary: Jenny and Donn will wear dresses.
Dialogue: Philip: Do you think it's possible to have legal pot in Poland anytime soon?
Chris: I doubt it. It's more like 10 years from now.
Philip: :(
Chris: Yeah I feel you man.
Chris: I'm waiting for that moment too.
Chris: When you're not scared to have a plant on your own, to grow yourself a recreational MJ to chill out in the evening...
Philip: Seems like a dream.
Chris: Yup. A dream. Because if cops find such a plant in your house right now, you get a criminal record, and will be charged with drug trafficking. 
Philip: <file_other>
Philip: Have you read about this guy?
Chris: Yeah, I've seen the news. He had this giant plantation underground. He even had a secret enterence in the forest.
Philip: Shame. I'm curious about this stuff
Philip: They confiscate and destroy it. But do they destroy it all?
Chris: Hahaha. I thought about it multiple times.
Chris: They must take some for themselves. At least a tiny fraction.
Philip: We live in a country where it's totally legal to get devastated by alcohol, get drunk and every shop has a variety of vodka on shelves, and you can be put in prison for smoking a joint.
Chris: Sad bad true.
Chris: <file_other>
Chris: But there is always hope.
Chris: More and more states in the US legalizes weeed. Latetly Canada made some progress.
Chris: And now I hear something about Luxembourg getting ready with it.
Philip: Maybe EU has some concept for it.
Chris: It would be the first and probably last good decision the EU officials made :)
Philip: Hahahah.
Philip: You really don't like the EU do you?
Chris: I don't like the way it functions. The idea itself was good, but the way it evolves is hideous.
Philip: This is the topic for another time though...
Philip: Gotta go. Say hello to Jenny.
Chris: Sure thing! Bye! 
Summary: Philip and Chris are waiting for the time when pot is legal in Poland. Chris doesn't like the way the EU functions.
Dialogue: Patti: When you're done, come upstairs please.
Adam: Er, okay. Why?
Patti: Because I want you to straighten this filthy room!
Adam: Aw, today?
Patti: I'm sick of it!
Adam: Does it have to be today?
Patti: Yes. Today.
Adam: But...aw...
Patti: Serious. Or no tv tonight.
Adam: You're mean.
Patti: Yep.
Summary: Patti wants Adam to tidy the room upstairs today.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey Maddy!
Madeleine: Hey Alice, what's up?
Alice: Did you hear about the opening of the new store?
Madeleine: You mean that clothing boutique at Day's Time Av.?
Alice: Yup, that's the one.
Madeleine: Yeah, I received their ad in the mail.
Alice: Apparently they offer all the latest collections.
Madeleine: They sell the warmest scarves and amazing coats.
Madeleine: Lucy just bought one for the winter season and it's so cozy.
Alice: Yeah, they also have decent prices.
Madeleine: And the shop assistants are very friendly and helpful.
Alice: Let's go next weekend and check it out! :)
Madeleine: Great idea :)
Summary: Alice and Madeleine will go together to check out the new clothing boutique at Day's Time Av. next weekend.
Dialogue: Elizabeth: Have you done the assignment>
Anthony: Yeah, only 5 question remaining. wbu?
Elizabeth: I havent even started yet man :/
Summary: Elisabeth has done her assignment bar 5 questions. Anthony has not started his yet.
Dialogue: Laura: greetings from Spain :D <file_photo>
Cathie: where is it??? 
Cathie: Granada?
Laura: bingo <3 
Cathie: so jelous!!!
Cathie: i hate u lucky bitch!
Cathie: how long r u staying?
Cathie: till 6 Jan :D 
Cathie: come and join us!! ;-) 
Cathie: ryanair's got cheap flights ^^
Laura: I can't ;( ;( ;( 
Laura: I'm working these days :/ 
Cathie: and  what about Jerry?
Laura: he's working as well.
Cathie: at least u gonna be rich :P
Laura: hah, I wish!
Summary: Laura is in Granada, she will remain there until January 6th. Laura and Jerry have to stay and work.
Dialogue: Mr Howard: Dear Mr Tokken and Mr Hugh, I regret to inform you that due to unexpected technical problems in our building our meeting will have to be rescheduled.
Mr Tokken: I am sorry to hear that. Unfortunately, tomorrow is my last day in New York. Is there a way to meet in a different location?
Mr Howard: In that case, I will talk to my boss. I will keep you updated. 
Mr Hugh: I will be still in NY, but tomorrow is also my preference, as my agenda is fully booked for this week. 
Summary: Mr Howard will try to reschedule the meeting, but Mr Tokken and Mr Hugh have already tight schedules.
Dialogue: Ann: I can't find you
Tom: We're already at the gate, hurry up, the queue is monstrous 
Peter: but go to the check-in first
Ann: ok, but have you done it already?
Peter: We couldn't find you so we just proceeded as usual
Ann: ok, never mind 
Tom: we'll wait for you in the small hot-dog bar, just behind the security gates
Ann: ok, thanks!
Tom: should we order sth for you?
Ann: one "american hot dog" please
Tom: ok, it'll wait for you:)
Ann: see you in a few imnutes
Tom: see you!
Summary: Tom and Peter are at the gate and will wait for Ann in the hot-dog bar. They'll get one hot dog for her.
Dialogue: Rory: I feel like you’ve been a bad girlfriend - no communication - I might break up with you again... If you want to come to a party with me tomorrow and rescue our relationship, text me those three simple words ...
Jessica: You will need to break up with me again, because I'm in Bath, and there is no way I'll be home before 2nd January.
Rory: cries quietly
Jessica: I offered you to go out with me two days ago, and you just ignored me
Rory: Too late for you to apologise now. 
Summary: Rory wants to break up with Jessica. Rory says what Jessica can do to fix their relationship. Jessica doesn't comply. Rory won't accept an apology now.
Dialogue: Nia: <file_photo>
Hank: OMG theyre so cute
Hank: when did you get them?
Nia: yesterday
Nia: come over and meet them!
Hank: ok be there in 30min
Summary: Hank will come to Nia's place in 30 minutes to see them.
Dialogue: David: Have you told the cleaning woman to do the shed?
Ella: Clean forgot!
David: Should I contact her or will you do that?
Ella: I will. My fault.
David: Ta!
Summary: Ella will talk to the cleaning woman to do the shed.
Dialogue: Barry: couldn't get in
Barry: I'll take the next bus
Ira: ok
Summary: Barry couldn't get in so he will take the next bus.
Dialogue: Mark: Hey dude, fancy going for mexican today?
John: Not sure if I will have time today, might have to stay late at work
Mark: Come on, they have all-you can eat at Taco Mexico...
John: Seriously?
Mark: Yeah, I am not sure what the entry fee is but you can eat and drink for like 4 hours with no limits
John: That convinced me, let's meet at 5 PM
Summary: John and Mark are going to Taco Mexico for "all-you-can-eat", where one can eat and drink for 4 hours without limits. They are going to meet at 5 pm.
Dialogue: Abigail: Sweetie you forgor your lunch!
Noah: I know, sorry :(
Abigail: Would you like me to bring it by on my way to work?
Noah: you're the best!
Summary: Abigail will drop off Noah's lunch, which he forgot. 
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Kenna: Hey I saw Jacob today!
Kenna: Like Jacob Paulson
Ronny: Where?? 
Kenna: On campus! 
Kenna: At the bowl! 
Kristie: Really? 
Kristie: I thought hes in Ottawa
Kenna: He's probably visiting 
Summary: Kenna saw Jacob Paulson on campus at the bowl. He probably came from Ottawa with a visit.
Dialogue: Mary: Did you have a chance to talk to Juan?
Isabel: Yes, everything's fine
Sven: Do you know if he's going to wait for us?
Isabel: Yes but he'll be waiting at the bus station
Mary: Ok
Isabel: He's at work now but he will be there at 6.00
Sven: Mary what time are you arriving exactly?
Mary: 17:15 
Isabel: Ok I'll tell him we're not going to make it before 1815
Mary: Seriously? Why?
Isabel: The airport is huge, you'll see
Summary: Juan will be waiting at the bus station at 6.00. Mary is arriving 17:15. She and Isabel will meet Juan at 18.15.
Dialogue: Barbra: A very good morning to you, Birthday Pig!
Barbra: <file_gif>
Barbra: I wish you more or less the same: love and good luck, health and money, friends and pets! One after the other, my dear Natalie!
Barbra: How are you celebrating today?
Natalie: Thanks a lot! Especially for pets, though I think I've got enough of them.
Natalie: We haven't decided yet. Probably a meal out with the kids in the evening, no big invitations or receptions this year for obvious reasons.
Barbra: Oh yes, it's true. What a pity Gustav didn't make it to your birthday. We shall always miss him.
Natalie: Yes. We don't even feel like celebrating but a meal with the family will be nice.
Barbra: I wish you all the best for this special day!
Natalie: Thanks.
Summary: Natalie will probably spend her birthday with her family, going out for dinner. Nothing big this year as Gustav can't join in.
Dialogue: Clarissa: <photo_file>
Jessica: What a view!
Olympia: I envy you !!!
Summary: Jessica and Olympia like Clarissa's photo.
Dialogue: Kim: can you send me the list of exams for the following weeks please?
Paul: sure so
Paul: Monday 10am society 
Paul: Tuesday government 11am
Paul: Wednesday 10 history or 3 audio 
Kim: awesome thanks so much! wanna meet and study?
Paul: sure when are you free?
Kim: tm? anytime 
Paul: yeah that be great I work till 3 but then im free 
Kim: yes great I have something in the morning so after 3 is great 
Paul: at karma? say 4? 
Kim: awesome! see you then!
Paul: see you! 
Summary: Paul sends Kim the list of exams: Monday 10am society, Tuesday 11 am government, Wednesday 10 history or 3 audio. They will study together tomorrow at 4 pm at Karma.
Dialogue: Ally: Maybe you prefer to meet on Sunday when you're better?
Ally: Harry invited Pete when they talked
Oti: Hahaha he didn't tell me!
Ally: Maybe he just doesn't feel like seeing us ;)
Ally: I can understand that...
Oti: "Oh yeah, I was going to tell you"
Oti: I don't want to infect you
Ally: Let's talk on Saturday, maybe you recover
Oti: I think I will
Ally: I'm going to prepare a dinner anyway
Oti: Is anyone else coming?
Ally: Sophie and Jim
Oti: Great I haven't seen them for ages!
Ally: They've been hiding away
Ally: It's definitely high time to meet up
Summary: Oti might come to Ally's dinner on Saturday if he's feeling better.
Dialogue: Norman: He was bleeding.
Marco: I was in self-defense!
Marco: Not only this bastard but also other pigs attacked me like they already planned. You know shit!! at once. 
Marco: I could not even run away. When I came to myself 3 of them had already disappeared.  
Marco: Only one guy was knocked over on the road.
Marco: Do you think they are gonna report to the police?
Norman: <file_video>
Norman: I don’t think so. I took this video when they started attacking you.
Norman: They are the attackers. They started first, not you.
Norman: Keep it. Just in case.
Marco: I cannot see it clearly.
Norman: Because of the darkness. But they will find it wasn't you who started. 
Norman: Let’s see what is gonna happen. Don’t worry yet.
Summary: Norman took a video of Marco being attacked.
Dialogue: Anna: hey dad the internet stopped working
Anna: do you know how to fix it?
Jude: just restart the router
Anna: what's a router?
Jude: it's the small black box behind the computer
Jude: it should have some green LED lights on
Anna: i see the box
Anna: but no lights are on
Jude: then that's the problem
Jude: it's probably unplugged
Anna: so what should i do now?
Jude: just plug it dear :-)
Jude: and then wait two minutes for it to restart
Anna: that's it?
Jude: that's it
Jude: see you later at home
Jude: tell mom i said hi
Summary: The internet stop working. Jude says Anna should restart the router. It is unplugged.
Dialogue: Bates: Rumour has it you're in town.
Nate: Yeah, I landed last night. When do you want to get together?
Bates: ASAP 
Nate: Cool, I'll call you tomorrow then. I'm still a little jet lagged.
Bates: Ok, take care.
Summary: Nate flew in town last night. He will meet up with Bates tomorrow.
Dialogue: Amelia: what the hell? where are you?
Oliver: I can't find the fuckin' platform
Amelia: The train is departing in 3 minutes!!!
Oliver: The station is crazy. I think I have it.
Amelia: God, you scared me!
Summary: Amelia and Oliver's train is departing in 3 minutes. Oliver had trouble finding the platform.
Dialogue: Mike: Granta tonight?
Alice: I'll be there!
Candy: Count me in!
Summary: Mike, Alice and Candy agree to meet in Granta tonight.
Dialogue: Jennifer: Are you invited to Patty's birthday party?
Jessica: YAA
Jennifer: OMG awesome! We'll have so much fun!
Jessica: Wanna buy a gift together?
Jennifer: Let's go shopping tomorrow I want it to be something out of ordinary 😊
Jessica: I'm free after 5
Jennifer: Let's first get a coffee and brainstorm
Jessica: At Mandy's at 6?
Jennifer: As always 😗 
Summary: Jennifer and Jessica are both going to Patty's birthday party. They are meeting tomorrow at Mandy's at 6, to buy gift for Patty.
Dialogue: Gia: Hey so how long did you wait for the grad pics to come? xd 
Mia: Still aren't in 
Gia: Wait what? i thought you told me they arrived like 2 weeks ago
Mia: No that's when the proofs came back. Not the hard copies
Gia: K what's the difference between the two? 
Gia: I haven't received anything
Mia: Proof is just a sample, hard ones are the ones we pay for 
Gia: ok so where did you get the proofs? At that place?  
Mia: In the mail 
Gia: Ok so they are sending proofs and hard copies separately? thats so dumb...
Mia: Not really. The proofs show you all of them then you choose which ones you like and which sizes and stuff
Gia: So you got the proofs, and then you select the ones you like and you send back to that place?
Mia: Yes
Gia: why dont they just do it online...
Mia: Idk. I am still waiting for this college sweaters 
Gia: ... ditto. She acts like nothing happened and didn't even apologize 
Mia: I know. Won't even answer. 
Mia: She said like a month ago it was being shipped from the states.
Gia: I'm feeling ripped off by both the pictures and her 
Mia: Agreed. 
Mia: And the diploma frame is outrageous! 
Gia: Im actually ok with the frame 😛 im getting the most expensive one. 
Mia: That's fair. I like the grad gown.
Gia: I am not. I feel annoyed by the fact that we need to spend money on borrowing a grad gown. 
Mia: Yea that's true, but well... it's mandatory for your grad
Gia: Fair enough...  
Summary: Mia received the proofs of the graduation photos 2 weeks ago by mail, but she hasn't received hard copies yet. Gia hasn't received anything yet. Gia and Mia were promised college sweaters by her, but haven't received them yet. They also had to borrow their graduation gowns for money.
Dialogue: Selena: My dear sweet people, I'm so sorry, but I can't come tonight :( I just got my period and I feel like shit :(
Jen: :(
Phoebe: Too bad :( Take care and get better soon ;*
Selena: Thx so much <3 
Summary: Selena can't meet with Jen and Phoebe as she's not feeling well.
Dialogue: Mona: did u call me?
Ian: No, why?
Ian: Do u have any problems with ur mobile?
Mona: Yes, I need to buy a new one :(
Summary: Mona has been having problems with her mobile and needs to get a new one.
Dialogue: Katy: I'm at the entrance
Katy: where are you?
Lucy: as well, lol
Lily: I'm with Lucy
Jorge: I'm still in the library
Katy: but what entrance? of the library?
Lucy: no! the main entrance to the university
Katy: ok, i'll be there in 5 min
Summary: Katy is at the entrance. Lucy and Lily are at the main entrance of the university. Jorge is in the library. Katy will join Lily and Lucy in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Hannah: hey
Hannah: i need new brushes 
Nata: shopping? 
Hannah: yeah! 
Nata: so Saturday? 
Hannah: great see u 
Nata: see you soon 
Summary: Hannah and Nata are going shopping together on Saturday.
Dialogue: Alison: Alright everyone. Jeff is turning 35 on Dec 18. Eli is planning a surprise party for him at his house. He waned us all to come to make Jeff feel somewhat young again and bring back memories. So let's do this!
Nick: I'm down
George: I'm in
Lisa: sound cool! what do I bring?
Allison: you don't have to bring anything unless you have some special dietary requirements.
Helen: I would be happy to chip in for a gift or supplies of whatever
George: Same here
Alison: That's cool guys! donations always welcome
Helen: I will bring sangria too and some old pics
Summary: Eli is planning a surprise party for Jeff at his house on his 35th birthday on December 18th. Alison, Nick, George, Lisa and Helen will attend. Helen and George want to chip in for a gift for Jeff. Helen will bring sangria and old pictures.
Dialogue: Anna: :(
Anna: I feel terrible
Anna: why does it have to hurt so bad
Morgan: </3
Morgan: oh sweetie, I'm sorry
Morgan: it doesn't seem like it now, but it will hurt less with time
Morgan: I promise
Anna: I know you're right
Anna: and I know breaking up was the best decision
Anna: but I still miss him so much...
Summary: Anna is broken-hearted after a break up with her boyfriend. She needed to end it but she still misses him.
Dialogue: Carrie: Let's do something! Do you want to come over to mine and play a game of Munchkin?
Freddie: I'd love to! Who's coming and when do we start?
Carrie: Laura and Alex. Planning for 8pm.
Freddie: I'm at work until 8pm.
Freddie: So the earliest I can make it is 8:30pm. Is that OK?
Carrie: Sure. We can wait. No probs.
Freddie: Awesome!
Carrie: BTW I have got a new expansion pack. :-)
Freddie: O! Which one?
Carrie: Clerical Errors
Freddie: Yeah that's a good one! :-)
Carrie: We haven't trialed it yet.
Freddie: I think you'll like it. :-)
Carrie: Hope so. xo
Carrie: See you at mine! Take care!
Summary: Carrie invited Freddie and some other friends to play Munchkin. He works late, but they will wait for him. Freddie has a new expansion for the game.
Dialogue: Barbara: Are you departing tomorrow? What time is your flight?
Karen: 2 35 pm😭
Barbara: You are going to Canada, right?😐
Karen: Yeah. Kinda scared to study and work there alone.┐('～`；)┌
Barbara: You have been doing everything well. 😊😊
Barbara: Worry not. I know you would be okay.
Karen: We should have met before I go.😭😭😭
Barbara: Yeah..But you are coming this summer. 
Barbara: We can meet then.😁😁
Karen: Of course. You know we haven’t met that often. Only once or twice a year. But it feels like we get farther than now.
Barbara: I feel the same. But what an amazing world now!
Barbara: We can keep in touch with kakaotalk anytime we want. 
Karen: That’s true. 👼👼
Barbara: Send me some nice pics whenever you find some awesome places. <丶´Д｀>
Summary: Karen is flying to Canada at 2:35 pm tomorrow and is apprehensive about her being alone there to study and work. Barbara is confident that she will manage all right and suggests they keep in touch via kakaotalk. The women have met only rarely so far but they declare their mutual rapport.
Dialogue: Isla: Oscar, I can't any more, I have too much work.
Oscar: What's the problem?
Isla: I won't finish it before Tuesday.
Oscar: C'mon, it's not a big thing
Isla: It seems so to you, but it's not so easy, I am also not super good with photoshop 
Oscar: Do you need help?
Isla: That would be great!
Oscar: Where are you?
Isla: At the library but I'll go home soon.
Oscar: Should I help you from home or you prefer that I come to your place?
Isla: I think you should look at the thing with me.
Oscar: Ok, but I won't be free before 7pm
Isla: That's good, we can have dinner together.
Oscar: in town?
Isla: I can cook pasta, if you like it?
Oscar: Perfect!
Isla: You're amazing, thanks a lot
Oscar: nothing! I'll be happy to help.
Isla: Ok, let me know when you're on the way, I'll start cooking pasta.
Oscar: ok!
Summary: Isla has a problem with work. Oscar is free at 7pm and will come to Isla and help her. Isla will cook pasta.
Dialogue: Jacob: Hi!
Elisabeth: Hi, Jack, how are you doing?
Jacob: I need your help right now!!! help! help!
Elisabeth: How can I help you?
Jacob: I'm in a lecture about Eastern Europe and the Balkans and I wanted to add something to the discussion, but I always forget which one is Backa and which one is Banat!
Elisabeth: Haha, Backa or Bačka is basically the western part of Vojvodina, closer to Hungary.
Jacob: what about Banat?
Elisabeth: it's the eastern part of Vojvodina, bordering Romania.
Jacob: where is the border then?
Elisabeth: I believe that the border between them is the river Tisa.
Jacob: This is super complicated.
Elisabeth: A bit, true. But it's because the West doesn't care about the geography of the East. Western geography is equally complicated, we are just ignorants, hahaha.
Jacob: Do you know why they are 2 regions?
Elisabeth: I am not sure, I think Banat was settled with Germans in the early 18th century, when it was almost empty after a war.
Jacob: What about Backa?
Elisabeth: I really don't know... 
Jacob: Any ideas what it could be?
Elisabeth: Maybe it was just Hungarian? But really no idea :P
Jacob: Ok, thanks, you're a treasure!
Elisabeth: :*
Summary: Jacob is in class and needs Elisabeth to explain the difference between Backa and Banat.
Dialogue: Inez: My dears, our evening inspired me to create this group conversation to plan further Food Evenings :)
Inez: This is my proposal for the next one: <file_photo>
Alicja: Wow, I will actually feel happy going to work thanks to this :D
Gosia: Happy going to work and even happier leaving it haha
Alicja: Just too bad that the time between 9 and 17 will be wasted :P
Patrycja: I really liked our evening, even the pizza was delicious :) How did you girls like it?
Inez: I loved it, Gosia really chose a great place :)
Gosia: I am an expert at eating :D
Alicja: Have you been to this restaurant Inez sent?
Gosia: No, it is quite new. But I heard good opinions! :D
Patrycja: And it fits with our theme of exploring world cuisines :)
Alicja: First Italy, now Korea! :D
Inez: So when could we do this again?
Gosia: I am not sure, but we have to before the holidays!
Patrycja: We should have less work in two weeks, we could go again on Wednesday?
Alicja: Sounds good to me!
Inez: Me too :D
Summary: Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja are planning next Food Evening. They loved the last evening. They will go to a restaurant proposed by Inez on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Izzy: I'm taking the kids to Wonderland today. Do you think you and the kids might want to come?
Heather: That would be awesome. I'm sure the kids would love it. What time would you be leaving?
Izzy: Around 10. You know it's like a 1.5 hour ride away, and the sooner we get there, the better. The kids hate waiting in lineups for rides.
Heather: Ok, I'll get my sleepy heads out of bed. It's Saturday, so they're catching up on some sleep, but as soon as they find out, I'm sure they'll pop right out of bed :)
Izzy: Cool, we'll have a great time together. And I'm taking you on the Leviathan ;)
Heather: No way, you couldn't get me on that thing if you paid me!
Izzy: Come on, you can close your eyes throughout the whole ride. 
Heather: Nope, sorry
Izzy: Ok, then maybe some smaller coasters just to get you started, then we'll work our way up to the mega coasters.
Heather: We'll see, but I'm not promising anything.
Izzy: Do you have any entrance coupons?
Heather: No, but I heard that you can buy them from Costco for like 40 per ticket.
Izzy: Ok, I'll go online and let you know. I just hope it doesn't rain. When it rains, they usually close down the rides.
Heather: Oh, that sucks! Why do they do that?
Izzy: They're probably afraid of lightning strikes.
Heather: Are we taking your car? It fits 7!
Izzy: Yeah, we can save on gas. Plus, the parking is extremely expensive.
Heather: What is it now, 20?
Izzy: Yeah, unless they increased it since last year.
Heather: Ok, we can split it, of course. 
Izzy: OK, we'll be ready before 10. I'll buy the tickets from Costco. I see that they're available. At least we can save a little. At the entrance it's like 55.
Heather: Ok, hey can you print out my tickets. I don't have ink for my printer.
Izzy: Yeah, sure. Just send me the PDFs once you buy them.
Heather: Great, thanks a lot.
Summary: Izzy and Heather are going with children to Wonderland on Saturday morning. They're going by Izzy's car to save on the parking and will buy tickets from Costco as they're cheaper. Izzy'll print them out.
Dialogue: Maya: Did you hide my doll?
Dylan: No...
Maya: I cannot find it anywhere... 
Summary: Dylan didn't hide Maya's doll that she cannot find anywhere. 
Dialogue: Tess: Sally help!
Tess: I eat less than before but I put on weight more and more
Sally: Oh poor baby
Sally: You need to EXERCISE
Tess: I was thinking about hitting the gym or something
Sally: I highly recommend going to the gym.
Sally: Healthy body and healthy mind - all inclusive. 😃
Tess: What do you mean?
Sally: It's not only about muscles. Training releases positive emotions. 
Sally: I am not an expert but it's somehow connected with dopamine and serotonine.
Tess: I guess you're right.
Tess: I'm gonna try it soon.
Sally: Good for you!!
Tess: Cheers
Summary: Tess is eating less but still putting on weight. She will try going to the gym to exercise based on Sally's advice.
Dialogue: Claudia: i have had a massage today
Claudia: for the first time in my life
Claudia: it was so cool...
Tina: probably the masseur was handsome :>
Tina: am i right? :D
Claudia: hahaha no Tina, she was a woman :D
Claire: i would kill for a massage now
Claire: my back is literally killing me
Claire: did you get a therapeutic one or just to relax?
Claudia: i had a voucher for a relaxation package
Claudia: massage, sauna, peeling
Claudia: got it like half a year ago from people at work
Tina: glad you had it
Tina: it would have cost you a fortune otherwise :D
Summary: Claudia has had the first massage in her life. She liked it a lot. It was part of a relaxation package. She got a voucher for it from her coworkers. Claire has pains in her back.
Dialogue: Patrik: are you going to watch the oscars with us tonight?
Cindy: possibly. ive been invited by a few other people
Patrik: i doubt that they are as good of hosts as we are
Cindy: you may be right. what will you have for food and drink?
Patrik: lots of varieties of chips and dip and beer
Cindy: i see
Patrik: you dont sound excited
Cindy: ive already had too much dip today. office party
Patrik: oh, well we'll have other stuff too. fondue, tiramisu, giant pretzels...
Cindy: alright, i'll come
Patrik: yay! we'll be ready around 7, so any time after that is fine.
Cindy: cool. who do you think will win this year?
Patrik: i dont care, as long as its La La Land
Cindy: you really like that film, huh?
Patrik: ohh yes. i hope it sweeps all categories
Cindy: i dont know. i think Moonlight is pretty unique
Patrik: yeah, i liked that too
Cindy: do you have any idea whats up for best doc?
Patrik: no clue. i'll look it up before you get here
Cindy: ok, thanks. See you tonight!
Summary: Patrik invites Cindy to come over to his flat and watch the oscars. Cindy accepted the invitation. Patrik wants La La Land to win.
Dialogue: James: Empress of the Seas found two stranded fishermen, did you hear this story?
Jack: no, like castaways?
James: kind of, the guys fell asleep when fishing off the coast of Costa Rica
James: and then they began to run adrift
Laura: gosh, horrible
Jemima: quite unbelievable that this kind of stories still happen
Laura: true
James: but our ship found them
Laura: "our" ship, haha
Laura: but how?
Laura: they were on the course?
James: no, there was a storm close to Cuba
James: so the captain took a course for Jamaica
Laura: so they found them really by a total chance?
James: yes
Laura: really a miracle
Summary: Two fishermen working near the coast of Costa Rica fell asleep and started to run adrift. They would have been lost on the sea without help of the Empress of the Seas' crew that found them on the course for Jamaica.
Dialogue: Jack: Did you see the political debate after the main news yesterday.
Luke: Don't remind me... It was pathetic, wasn't it?
Jack: Ridiculous, to say the least.
Luke: How come such people are invited to TV?
Jack: The question is: how come such people are elected?
Luke: That's another thing. But that's also democracy.
Jack: That's not my kind of democracy :-(
Luke: Well,,, seems like everyone would like to have their own kind of democracy.
Jack: The arguments they used were so absurd!
Luke: I was laughing with Maggie.
Jack: You were laughing. I was paralysed. I couldn't believe my ears.
Luke: Do you know that they are not alone in thinking that way?
Jack: I know. I know at least 10 people in our office who support them blindly.
Luke: Blindly, That's just the word.
Jack: Sooner or later they will wake up.
Luke: Better sooner than later. Though I doubt it.
Jack: Why?
Luke: They feel good in this situation. They don't see anything improper, illogical or unethical in it. 
Jack: That's madness.
Luke: Just face it. They have such a comfy life right now. Never before has it been like that. They will not suddenly vote for someone who will deprive them of those priviledges. Would you?
Jack: I would think. THINK. That's what I'd do. Think for myself and not what they want me to think.
Luke: Well, you and I, the likes of us are in the minority now. 
Jack: :-(
Luke: Face it.
Jack: I guess I'll stop watching those debates. I have the blues afterwards. 
Luke: Relax!
Jack: Yeah. Right. Good day to you!
Luke: May the force be with you! Good day to you!
Summary: Jack and Luke watched the political debate yesterday and consider it ridiculous. They are wondering how people like that get elected. Luke argues that their electorate will continue to vote for them. Jack is considering stopping watching the debates.
Dialogue: Jorge: Who is coming tonight?
Jorge: To the family meeting?
Vera: Like everyone
Vera: Same old people haha
Vera: Uncles dads moms soccer moms xd
Jorge: lol
David: Ill be late
David: Like after 9
David: Couldn't get the day off
Jorge: See y'all there then.
Summary: Jorge, Vera and David are having a family evening. David will come after 9.
Dialogue: Olivia: When your husband’s cooking.. Xxx
Leo: looks yummy!
Olivia: Thai red curry! So delicious!
Anna: my favourite food!
Greg: now i’m hungry!
Kelly: looks 10/10!
Noah: Wow! that looks amazing!
Greg: can i drop by?
Olivia: not this time! Haha! ;)
Summary: Olivia's husband cooked Thai red curry.
Dialogue: Jackie: Hi, have you heard about Jason?
Milly: Hi! No, what happened?
Jackie: It's pretty stupid, you know :D It has to do with his leg
Milly: Keep talking
Jackie: Writing!
Milly: What?
Jackie: I'm writing, not talking ;)
Milly: Ok, ok, just get to the point!
Jackie: You've heard about this punk band he's just joined, right?
Milly: Yeah, but what happened?
Jackie: Last night he was trying to do some crowdsurfing, jumped off the stage and...
Milly: ...and broke his leg?
Jackie: No, he ended up falling on this huge biker guy and they both ended up covered in beer
Milly: Ouch! So did that biker guy break his leg then?
Jackie: No! No broken leg, apparently he said "that rocked, young fellow" and they invited him on stage where they all got drunk after the show
Milly: So what happened to his leg?
Jackie: After the show he was so drunk that he started kicking a big dog and the dog bit his leg
Milly: Oh come on, it seems to me that you're the drunk one here XD
Summary: Jason jumped off the stage yesterday where he was crowdfunding for his new band. He landed on a big biker guy who liked his behaviour. The bike invited the biker on stage where they all got drunk after the concert. After the show, Jason kicked a dog and it bit his leg.
Dialogue: Soukaina: I am taking a break in front of the office, are you coming?
Sergio: yes, 5 minutes and I am down...
Soukaina: okey
Sergio: wait, can you lend me a cigarette please? I've forgotten my pack
Soukaina: of course! just come down already
Summary: Soukaina is taking a break in front of the office and Sergio will join her in 5 minutes. Sergio asks her for a cigarette, to which she willingly agrees.
Dialogue: Zachary: do you still have some spare PC parts?
Ryan: yeah, mostly the same as last time
Ryan: why?
Zachary: I'm trying to build a test bench
Zachary: and before I invest into new stuff I need to check some things
Ryan: what do you need?
Zachary: what do you have?
Ryan: definitely some RAM, a GFX card, lots of cables
Ryan: for the rest I would need to check
Zachary: sounds good, can I borrow them for 2-3 weeks
Ryan: sure, they're just laying around anyway
Zachary: thanks! I'll drop by tomorrow to pick them up
Summary: Zachary will visit Ryan to borrow some PC parts for building a test bench.
Dialogue: Linda: Hey, are you okay? You were practically falling asleep at the meeting.
Percy: Not really, no. I couldn't sleep in between the all the crying last night.
Linda: New daddy, new lifestyle. How's Martha taking it?
Percy: I would say she's doing a smidge better than me, but maybe I'm biased. I think that between the two of us, we only got 5 hours sleep.
Linda: I wrote you a copy of my notes - I figured you might need them 
Percy: Hasn't anyone ever told you that you're brilliant lately? Because you are. And kind to boot too.
Linda: It's no problem. I didn't want Harrold getting on your case again.
Percy: To be fair, it was my fault. I should have just appologised and explained.
Linda: It wasn't completely your fault - didn't you have to wait for Freya to get her job done?
Percy: Yes, but she got told off too.
Linda: So, now you're both in the same boat.
Percy: One that will keep sinking if I'm not careful. So thank you for this!
Linda: I don't mind, afterall, you were the one who showed me the ropes when I first arrived. And the only one who bothered to talk to me. I figured it was time to pay you back. Besides, they're just notes.
Summary: Linda wrote a copy of her notes for Percy. Percy and Martha were crying a lot at night. 
Dialogue: Sebastian: fifa at my place, Friday?
Sebastian: but we would need 4 controllers
Sebastian: got a friend with two more pads?
Louise: so Philip will be there? he will have fifa?
Sebastian: oh so you don't have the game? damn
Wilfried: guys I can borrow it from a colleague of mine
Summary: Sebastian, Louise and Wilfried will play fifa at Sebastian's place on Friday. 
Dialogue: Yuval: Have you seen the nurse?
Phoebe: Yes
Yuval: And?
Phoebe: She told me to see the doctor
Yuval: Did you see him?
Phoebe: Yes
Phoebe: It’s more serious that we thought
Phoebe: I’m having a surgery tomorrow
Yuval: OMG
Yuval: What did the doctor say???
Phoebe: It’s cancer
Yuval: I’m coming to you right now
Phoebe: It’s ok. My family is with me
Yuval: I’m coming anyways
Yuval: What time is the surgery tomorrow?
Phoebe: at 10
Phoebe: I’ll have to undergo a chemo as well
Yuval: You’ll get through it
Yuval: You’re one of the strongest women I know
Phoebe: I don’t know Yuval, I’m scared
Summary: Phoebe has cancer and she has an operation scheduled for tomorrow at 10. She will also undergo chemotherapy. She is scared. Yuval wants to come right now.
Dialogue: Abigail: do you like cucumber?
Charlotte: not really why?
Abigail: I went to the shop and got like 20 extra ones
Abigail: i thought about making HUGE HUMONGOUS SALAD
Abigail: but now i don't feeli like it
Abigail: and don't know what to do with them
Charlotte: isn't there a food bank near where you live?
Abigail: that's right!!! totally forgot
Charlotte: the homeless will appreciate it
Charlotte: and will be your good deed for the day
Summary: Abigail bought 20 cucumbers for a salad but she doesn't want to make it anymore. Charlotte doesn't like cucumbers. She suggests donating cucumbers to a food bank.
Dialogue: Tatum: Wanna skype?
Tiffany: No not now I'm busy
Tatum: Ok I went to a kindergarten to teach English
Tiffany: I thought you were working, how can you skype ?
Tatum: I was. I'm done for today
Tiffany: Ok
Tatum: It was horrible. Omg too many kids. When there was even 1 child who didn't want to listen, others immediately stared doing the same. 4 different groups of children
Tiffany: Hahahaha
Tatum: Tomorrow, on Thursday and on Friday I have to go there again
Tiffany: Cool
Tatum: And also next Thursday and Friday. And I won't agree to go here anymore
Tiffany: I thought you wanted a job
Tatum: But I see I can't work in any kindergarten. It's so hard teaching so big groups of children
Tiffany: You just need to be patient with them
Tatum: I just can't teach them, I prefer teaching teenagers and adults
Tiffany: Ok
Tatum: Anyway the first lesson is always the hardest
Tiffany: Yes
Tatum: And because I just went there because another English teacher couldn't come, children were asking where Alice is
Summary: Tatum's teaching English at a kindergarten, but it's horrible and he can't work there. He only needs to go tomorrow, on Thursday, Friday and next Thursday and Friday. He prefers teaching teenagers and adults.
Dialogue: Alice: Girls, have you ordered anything from Tesco online?
Alice: like, shopping with home delivery?
Susan: yeah, I have. 
Alice: and what can you say? Are they good?
Susan: cant complain. Quick delivery, everything ok with the order.
Paula: maybe I'll try too. 
Paula: Ive never tried online shopping.
Alice: oh really? its so convenient.
Paula: I imagine :P
Summary: Susan ordered from Tesco online and was pleased. Paula and Alice might try it.
Dialogue: Ashley: <file_photo>
Dana: with milk?
Ashley: oh yes, but it’s not just any milk xD
Tyler: what kind is it?
Ashley: foamed! xD
Dana: how?
Ashley: turns out the milk frother I got for making face creams work for milk as well ;D
Ashley: xD
Ashley: <file_gif>
Dana: :D
Tyler: <file_gif>
Summary: Ashley prepared a drink with foamed milk using the milk frother for making face creams.
Dialogue: Jack: Hey Allison, when can I expect you at the airport?
Allison: Hey Jack
Allison: Our flight is landing at 12:45 p.m. The flight number is UR-58693. You’ll see a woman in black carrying tones of luggage. It’s one of the views you can’t really overlook 😉
Jack: Haha see you tomorrow then!
Allison: Perfect! See you!
Summary: Jack will pick up Allison from the airport tomorrow at 12:45 p.m. Allison will be wearing black and carrying a lot of luggage.
Dialogue: Dawson: on second thought, I'm not sure if that was a good idea
Justin: don't start with that again
Justin: we already spent past few days discussing this
Dawson: I know
Dawson: but still, we know nothing about sailing
Justin: we won't be the ones doing the sailing
Justin: no one expects us to take the reins
Justin: we'll just help and get some experience
Justin: not to mention that we can visit some cool places that way
Dawson: you know I don't even know how to swim
Dawson: I'm not sure why I agreed to do this
Justin: I am
Justin: because Lucy is part of the crew and you want to spend some time with her
Dawson: that is a plus
Justin: don't worry, everything will be fine
Justin: it's a great opportunity for us
Justin: and I'm not only talking about your love life :P
Dawson: really funny
Dawson: I swear if something bad happens...
Justin: nothing like that will happen
Justin: stop being so pessimistic
Dawson: that's just who I am
Justin: at least make an effort and pretend that there is a possibility that you'll enjoy it :P
Dawson: I'll try
Justin: and remember... Lucy ;)
Dawson: I'll try harder ;)
Justin: that's the spirit!
Summary: Dawson is unsure about the arranged sailing trip. Justin convinces her it will be fine. 
Dialogue: John: Are you home?
Ann: yes, in bed
John: what? do you feel sick?
Ann: No, just very tired and it's so cold today
John: just try not to sleep to long, you will have problems to sleep at night
Ann: I don't know if I'm going to sleep, I just feel so good in bed
John: Oh, I understand you so well
Summary: Ann is at home in bed.
Dialogue: Audrey: well I'm awake
Audrey: what a night! how r u
Evan: well could be better, I've got a headache but I'll live
Chris: geeee I'm still so tired
Summary: Audrey, Evan and Chris are awake after a night full of adventures.
Dialogue: Tamara: I can't understand Lily sometimes, she can be so mean
Peter: I know, but she changed so much after her husband died
Meg: She had a husband?!
Meg: I didn't know!
Peter: yes, she had one.
Mel: He died in Iraq. Apparently in a very horrible way. She was devastated
Tamara: god, I had no idea
Tamara: I'm really sorry now
Summary: Lily had a husband, who died in Iraq in a horrible way.
Dialogue: Nicole: Soph, could we meet a little later tomorrow?
Sophia: Sure, how much later? :)
Nicole: I got invited to a job interview
Sophia: where where?
Nicole: Publicis
Nicole: :))))))))
Sophia: Wow!! Amazing!!
Nicole: I'm a bit nervous.
Sophia: You'll be great. And we'll have something to celebrate, hopefully :D
Summary: Nicole is a bit stressed, as she will have a job interview in Publicis. Nicole and Sophia will meet tomorrow later because of the interview.
Dialogue: Nick: check this out!!
Nick: <file_photo>
Mark: Cool! How did you get it??
Nick: It's my b-day present from Ann
Mark: She must love you like crazy :D
Nick: nice, huh?
Mark: Will you take me for a ride??
Nick: sure :D
Nick: <file_gif>
Mark: I'm so jealous, man!!
Summary: Nick got a cool birthday present from Ann. He will take Mark for a ride.
Dialogue: Lisa: can you buy something for dinner?
Lucy: what?
Lisa: sushi?
Lucy: okay
Summary: On Lisa's request, Lucy will buy sushi for dinner.
Dialogue: Stephen: do you like that show This Is Us?
Ann: no!! i hate it!
Stephen: really? why?
Stephen: i've only heard good things about it…
Ann: it's just stupid
Ann: it's full of cliches and it's corny
Ann: i can't bear it
Stephen: well i'm looking for a show to binge watch
Stephen: any recommendations?
Ann: do you like comedies or dramas?
Stephen: any will do, i just want it to be entertaining
Ann: mmmm let me think
Ann: this will be an odd recommendation
Ann: AND YOU MAY THINK I'M CRAZY!!!
Stephen: i'm intrigued
Ann: you should watch I love lucy, it's a classic!
Stephen: you are right, that is odd but i will give it a try
Stephen: thanks!!!
Summary: Stephen is looking for a new show to watch. Ann is not a fan of This Is Us. She recommends I Love Lucy instead.
Dialogue: Zana: Did you send the money today?
Katia: Yes I sent it this morning
Zana: What was the amount?
Katia: €290
Zana: Ok
Summary: Katia sent €290 this morning.
Dialogue: Kate: Heard that you've been to the hospital last week
Kate: Everything's ok?
Luca: yes yes 
Luca: I had a fight with an ex friend of mine, but everything's alright now
Kate: Good for you
Kate: If you needed anything, just call me, ok?
Luca: Ok, thanks :)
Summary: Luca was in the hospital last week and he is alright now. He had a fight with his ex friend.
Dialogue: Trish: hi girl
Trish: i know you are a fan of Friends
Rose: hi there
Rose: thats true
Trish: i got a tshirt with them
Trish: would you wear it if i gave it to you?
Rose: of course
Trish: cool
Rose: thanks, ill pick it up next time
Summary: Trish is going to give Rose a Friends T-shirt. Rose is going to wear it. She is a fan of the show.
Dialogue: Amy: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-12-01/china-s-radical-plan-to-judge-each-citizen-s-behavior-quicktake?utm_content=business&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&cmpid=socialflow-facebook-business&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwAR17zyPq7YoAYC617-s34PHvJkoUPGqaKCmVNA3uswDzhQpoOrU84GdJ5PE
Jimmy: That's insane! Han how about your score? :P
Han: Not good enough I'm afraid... 
Summary: Han's not sure about his Chinese citizen's credit score.
Dialogue: Sebastian: hey u coming tomorrow?
Silvia: I'll let you know tomorrow morning, not sure yet
Sebastian: ok thx
Summary: Silvia will let Sebastian know if she's coming tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Mindy: mom i need ur help 
Mom: let me guess, with the dress?i
Mindy: yes
Mom: either that red one or the black one'
Mindy: why just those two 
Mom: im helping you -_-
Mindy: whats wrong with others 
Mom: i dont know, these two are.. decent
Mindy: i have other decent dresses :/
Mom: you wanted my help i am GIVING my help 
Mindy: yea alright
Summary: Mindy needs help from Mom regarding the dress. Mom suggests either the red one of the black one.
Dialogue: Gracelyn: i need two strong men to help me carry sofa up the stairs 
Clayton: tell me more tell more. 2day?
Gracelyn: 2moro evening. could you?
Clayton: 7pm is ok
Jeffrey: glad 2 help too
Gracelyn: thx guys. i owe u
Summary: Gralecyn has to transport a sofa upstairs tomorrow. Clayton will come to help at 7pm. Jeffrey will come also.  
Dialogue: Tom: Can you try to open this link? <file_other>
Laura: Yes. 
Tom: What can you see?
Laura: your video with Kate. 
Tom: Is it labelled as public or private?
Laura: Looks like public...
Tom: ok, good.
Tom: Wait until it is over and tell what's the next video, ok?
Laura: sure!
Laura: Next is sth called trial02
Tom: strange... O_O
Tom: can you open this video?
Laura: Yes.
Tom: so it is public?
Laura: i guess so..
Tom: shit.. ;/ ;/  it should be private!
Tom: anyway, thx a lot
Laura: np. ;)
Summary: The video of Tom and Kate, and the one called trial02 are both public.
Dialogue: Mary: Today is tutorial day!
Frank: We splitting groups?
Anne: Yes
Anne: Ye each taking 2 groups for today ok?
Frank: yeah for sure
Anne: Those kids are lovely
Mary: They are
Frank: So we're going to discuss animals in French? 
Anne: Oui xd
Mary: haha
Frank: Alright!
Frank: Thanks!
Mary: Have fun! 
Summary: Mary, Frank and Anne will teach children to discuss animals in French today.
Dialogue: Alison: can we meet tomorrow?
Alison: I need to handle sth today
Emma: :'(
Emma: sure, undersandable :)
Emma: what time tomorow?
Alison: like today? 5pm?
Emma: ok, great
Summary: Alison reschedules her meeting with Emma for tomorrow at 5 pm.
Dialogue: Sixx: have you seen that new place on sandy park road
Lucy: no what is it
Sixx: Its a deli style cafe with a little deli style shop bit
Lucy: how hippy?
Sixx: medium hippy...
Lucy: avocado?
Sixx: probably
Lucy: bearded blokes?
Sixx: none spotted
Lucy: let's go! 4ish?
Sixx: see you there
Summary: Sixx and Lucy are going to see at deli style cafe on Sandy Park Road around 4 pm.
Dialogue: Maya: i'm getting so annoyed with my new phone
Henry: why did you get it in the first place?
Maya: mmmm this is embarrassing :-/
Maya: but it fell on the toilet
Henry: HAHAHAHAHA you definitely had to get a new one
Summary: Maya had to get a new phone, as she drowned the old one in the toilet.
Dialogue: Helen: heyoo
Helen: saw Frank liking and commenting your photos... 😁
Helen: whats going on bewten tou two?
Helen: *between you two?
Nina: well
Nina: ekhm..
Nina: there is sth going on i guess
Nina: 😏
Helen: tell me already!
Nina: we saw each other some time ago in a coffee house
Helen: and?
Nina: and we had a nice conversation
Nina: but dont jump into conclusions Hel
Helen: k
Helen: i hope you tell me when it gets serious
Nina: of course hun
Helen: for now, have fun
Helen: not too much fun thou 😏
Nina: silly
Helen: just taking care of you my bestie
Helen: KIT
Nina: speak soon
Summary: Nina and Frank have been talking more since they had coffee together. Helen notices they have been more active on Facebook.
Dialogue: Stanley: OK, when can we meet?
Brad: Next Saturday?
Stanley: can't gotta go for a family meeting with Nancy.
Brad: OK, Sunday?
Brad: Oh no, damn, i can't
Stanley: Friday, the 15th?
Brad: Valentine date with Sue.
Stanley: Damn, it was nice to know you.
Brad: you too :D
Brad: <file_gif>
Summary: Stanley's going to a family meeting with Nancy next Saturday. Brad's going on a Valentine's Day date with Sue on Friday the 15th. Sunday also doesn't work for him. They have no idea when they could meet.
Dialogue: Shawn: good morning!
Shawn: i just wanted to let you know how much i enjoyed your party last night :-D
Carrie: thanks!! i'm glad you had fun :-)
Shawn: everyone did, you're a great hostess!
Shawn: throwing parties is hard work though, next time it's your turn! lol
Summary: Carrie enjoyed Shawn's party last night. 
Dialogue: Randy: it may be a little awkward of me to suddenly write after such a long time but... how are you?
Randy: I've been thinking about writing to you but I never knew how
Randy: then today I thought, ah well, there's nothing to lose
Joyce: hi Randy
Joyce: it really has been ages, hasn't it
Joyce: I'm happy you decided to write, don't worry about it :) I'm fine, you?
Randy: I'm okay! managed to graduate from uni, currently looking for a job or internship
Joyce: oh, congrats and good luck with that!
Joyce: are you still with Sarah?
Randy: no, we broke up last September, but it was for the better
Joyce: I'm sorry to hear that :(
Randy: don't worry about it :) I'm fine. actually, how about we catch up over some coffee?
Summary: Randy has contacted Joyce after a very long time. Joyce graduated from the university and is currently looking for a job or internship. Randy broke up with Sarah last September.
Dialogue: Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: More :p
Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: Hmm so I see yuk take lots or selfies but you only select a few to send me
Charity: Hehe no. It's true I take some of them. But there is no point to send all of them hehe
Gilberto: Why not? I wouldn't mind
Charity: Ok
Gilberto: Haha. So I'm waiting for the rest :p
Charity: I don't have more
Summary: Charity's sending Gilberto selfies, he wants more.
Dialogue: Lily: Good morning!
Mark: Hello! 
Mark: Did you sleep well?
Lily: Yes, thank you. And you?
Mark: As well. What are you doing now?
Lily: oh, you know. Waking up and getting up slowly. Slow sunday mood. 
Mark: I brought some Columbian coffee form my last trip. Would like to try it?
Lily: Sure! 
Lily: Would you like to come over?
Mark: With pleasure. Let me just walk the dog and I'll be at your place in an hour?
Lily: Why don't you take your dog with you?
Mark: Okey, so expect us both in an hour :)
Lily: See you then! 
Summary: Lily's waking up and getting up and Mark invites her for a coffee he brought from Colombia. Lily will come to Mark's place with her dog in an hour.
Dialogue: Sarah: Hi I'm organizing a biliards competition, do you want to join us?
Victor: Biliard? That sounds great!
Victor: When is it?
Sarah: I think about next Monday because we're having an easy week and don't have much to study
Victor: That's okay for me. Will there be anything to win?
Sarah: Of course but that's a surprise
Victor: Okay I'm in :D
Sarah: Great. If you may know anybody whou would play too than let me know
Victor: I'll ask Matthiew maybe he'll come
Summary: Sarah is organizing a biliards competition next Monday. Victor will join them.
Dialogue: Derek: it's so beautiful outside!! we should seize this opportunity
Molly: what are you suggesting?
Derek: maybe we should go to the lake today
Molly: perfect!!! should i tell Peter and Kristina?
Derek: hahaa i already messaged them :D
Molly: brilliant :D
Summary: Molly and Derek are going to the lake with Peter and Kristina.
Dialogue: Liam: I can't handle Amy anymore
Kai: What happened?
Liam: It's so hard with her
Liam: I love her but it's too much for me
Liam: We argue all the time
Kai: Is she the one starting it?
Liam: All the time
Liam: Yesterday she broke all my plates
Liam: She got furious because she thinks I have feelings for Dalila. 
Liam: Dalila is just a friend. But Amy cannot understand it.
Summary: Liam loves Amy, but can't stand the fact that she is starting argumets all the time. Yesterday she got mad and broke all his plates because she's jealous of Dalila, who is Liam's friend.
Dialogue: Malia: I am very sad to hear about professors death
Colby: Yeah he was very good teacher
Malia: Did you go to his funeral?
Colby: I did
Malia: I didnt see you there?
Colby: neither did I there was too much crown
Malia: May his soul Rest in Peace
Colby: Amen
Summary: Malia and Colby went to the professor's funeral. They did not see each other, as there was much crowd there.
Dialogue: Julia: babe, are we doing something on valentine's day?
Benjamin: do you want to?
Julia: do you?
Benjamin: i asked first :)
Julia: so? :p
Benjamin: ehh... we can go on a date
Julia: you don't sound very enthusiastic
Benjamin: i just don't like valentine's day, everything about it is so, idk, kitschy
Julia: we don't have do anything if you don't want to, i just thought that it would be nice to spend some time together
Benjamin: Jules, i'd love to go on a date with you, i didn't mean that that way :*
Benjamin: Jules?
Julia: ok
Summary: Julia wants to go on a date on Valentine's Day but Benjamin finds the holiday tacky.
Dialogue: Alex: And?
Alex: Has she called back?
Maya: ?
Sam: Not yet
Maya: Who? Leona?
Alex: Yes
Alex: I'm a bit nervous... 
Sam: It's gonna be okay, don't worry
Maya: What time do we start on Monday?
Sam: I don't know
Sam: I will ask her
Maya: Should I take the bottle of wine?
Alex: Haha
Sam: Yeah, you take it with you!
Maya: :) :)
Summary: Alex is curious if Leona called Sam back. She hasn't yet. Maya wants to know when they start on Monday, but Sam doesn't know.
