Dialogue: Dolores: tired?
Jack: exhausted...
Jack: ;(
Dolores: I can imagine... 
Dolores: are you coming back already?
Jack: Yeah, I should be home in half an hour
Dolores: OK
Dolores: Maybe I should reschedule my appointment and wait for you?
Jack: no, don't do that
Jack: you've been waiting for this for a long time
Jack: I'll manage. Is there anything to eat?
Dolores: Sure, there's a whole lasagna for you in the fridge.
Jack: great
Jack: Don't worry about me, honey, just do your thing and I'll see you in the evening
Dolores: OK, if you say so. Love you, hun. ;*
Jack: Love you too :*
Summary: Jack is coming home. Dolores has an appointment set but she left him a lasagne in the fridge.
Dialogue: Mari: How's it going, sis?
Louise: Yeah, bit nuts, kids are going stir crazy with this shitty weather! I'm going slightly mad, as the Queen song goes!
Mari: Sorry love. Look, I've got a couple of days off at the end of the week, shall I come round and we'll all go out somewhere.
Louise: You're a lifesaver! Yes, I'm sure they'd love to go swimming, we could go out for tea or lunch then.
Mari: I'll pick them up Friday too and we can go to soft play or out somewhere if the weather's better. I'll take them myself, if you want.
Louise: You are a wonderful girl! Harry is home Friday from Brussels, so that would be a lovely end to the week!
Mari: I bet you miss him so much when he's away, hard for you, I know.
Louise: Yeah, I mean the money he earns is phenomenal and I don't have to work anymore. But I do miss the gallery sometimes.
Mari: I know, and of course, the summer hols are here and 2 kids to amuse. What about holiday club?
Louise: Hmm, Sid isn't keen, but some of Phoebe's friends go there when the mums are at work. We might give it a trial, I'll ring them later if I can find a number to call.
Mari: The local council organise it, don't they, just ring them up.
Louise: Oh yes, of course, thanks love!
Mari: So, what about Thurs for swimming, shall I come over lunchtime and we'll take it from there?
Louise: Yes, remember to bring your costume, we have to go in cos they're under 8.
Mari: Yes, maybe a few nice single dads there?
Louise: Haven't noticed many! Maybe single grandpa's! 
Mari: Well if they're 40ish or even a well preserved 50 something, I'm up for it! I like the older guys.
Louise: Oh yes, wasn't Ross about 45, I'd forgotten!
Mari: Well, me being 29 and all wasn't a bit weird, I miss him. 
Louise: Well pity he wasn't up for having any more kids. How many did he have with the ex?
Mari: Yeah, 4 and a couple were grown up. We still see each other around, I think he's seeing someone more his age now. Pity.
Louise: Yeah, he was great. Never mind. OK, see you Thurs about 12/12.30ish. Give me a message or a call first as a heads up.
Mari: Bye love!
Summary: Louise is fed up with looking after her kids so Mari will take them somewhere on Friday. Harry is home from Brussels on Friday. Louise and Mari will have a lunch at about 12/ 12.30ish and then will take the children swimming on Thursday. 
Dialogue: Betty: Hello!
Elie: Hi. Why weren't you at school?
Betty: Lying in bed. Sick,
Elie: Sorry. Mr Atkins asked about you.
Betty: Funny. What could he possibly want from me?
Elie: He didn't say. Maybe it was about the performance next week.
Betty: Were you at the rehearsal?
Elie: Not today. I had a test in biology and couldn't skip it. 
Betty: How did it go?
Elie: Pretty fine. I didn't do all the questions but I hadn't studied much either.
Betty: I guess there will be a lot of tests and assignments waiting for me when I get back.
Elie: Don't think about it now. Just get better :-)
Summary: Betty is sick and didn't go to school. Mr Atkins asked about Betty. Ellie did't go to the rehearsal today because she had a test in biology.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hey Joanne. What are you up to?
Joanne: I'm just watching some television.
Patricia: I'm so bored. I don't know what I'm going to do today and it is only ten in the morning .__.
Joanne: Me too. Do you think we are boring people?
Patricia: I don't think we are boring. It's just that we don't have a lot of hobbies I guess.
Joanne: You may have a point there. What do you think we should do as a hobby?
Patricia: That all depends on what you like to do. For example, I like to doodle on the notepad, so I'm thinking about doing some real drawings.
Joanne: Well I like to play the piano. I think that's like one of my favourite things to do.
Patricia: Yeah. That can be a great hobby! And that's also a very good skill, I love piano.
Joanne: It just relaxes me and I can play for hours and hours. 
Patricia: You have to play for me! I didn't know about that.
Joanne: It's like my own little secret :p
Patricia: You have one of those big classic pianos?
Joanne: Ahaha no x) I have an electric keyboard. Those are very expensive, plus I can plug in my headphones on mine and I won't make a lot of noise.
Patricia: Don't wanna disturb the neighbours :p
Joanne: More like disturbing my parents xD
Patricia: They don't like you playing piano?
Joanne: Oh no, they love it and support me. But it can be quite annoying sometimes to hear someone practice ahah
Patricia: I get it :p Well you wanna go somewhere or do something?
Joanne: Well if you want you can come over and I can set up the piano to play for you :D
Patricia: Say no more, I'm on my way!
Summary: Patricia will come over and listen to Joanne play the piano. They want to reactivate their hobbies.
Dialogue: Bob: Hey does anyone have Allie's number?
Matt: Nope
Daniel: she's in this chat isn't she?
Bob: Oh lol
Bob: Allie let me know when ur online
Summary: Bob needs Allie's number. Allie is in the chat. Bob asks her to let him know when she's online.
Dialogue: Emily: Are you coming to my party on Saturday?
Alex: Of course :-)
Emily: What did you get me for my birthday?
Alex: If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise would it?
Emily: Guess not... but I'm really curious.
Emily: I could do with some new books to read (hint, hint)
Alex: I'll keep that in mind ;-)
Summary: Alex confirmed his presence to Emily's birthday party on Saturday. She suggested to him to offer her some new books as a present.
Dialogue: Anna: HEYYY
Max: HIII WHATS UP? :) 
Anna: Not Much!! I wanted to ask what your plans are for New Years??
Max: I don't have any yet u??
Anna: Yeah! Im having a party at my place! you should come!!
Max: Yesssss for sure I will! do you want me to bring anything??
Anna: Maybe some drinks? but I mean just bring your self :)
Max: Sweet!! I have a friend do you mind if I bring him?
Anna: yeah! its no problem! whats his/her name?
Max: John friend from school he is a cool dude I think u. will like him 
Anna: Yeah!! more people the better :PPP hahaha
Max: yeah #parrrrtttttyyyy
Anna: my parents are out of town so its perfect hahaha
Max: he'll yeahhh
Summary: Anna is hosting a New Year's party at her place, while her parents are out of town, and she is inviting Max. Max will come to the party, bringing his school friend John with him.
Dialogue: Paula: very interesting article about rhetoric:
Paula: <file_other>
Camile: interesting, indeed!
Summary: Paula found an interesting article about rhetorics and shared it with Camile.
Dialogue: Martha: Guys, I can't find you
Tom: We are at the rare!
Peter: Martha, stay at the entrance, I'm on the way to pick you up.
Martha: 😍 Thanks
Summary: Peter will come and pick Martha up.
Dialogue: Kelly: heeeeeelp!
Stephanie: what's wrong
Kelly: look 
Kelly: <file_photo>
Kelly: is there anythign i can do about it??
Stephanie: hmm can you take another one?
Kelly: <file_photo>
Stephanie: o it looks as if u lost one knit stitch....
Kelly: i guess so. can i do anything about it?
Stephanie: well MY MOM ;) says it's possible to fx it 
Kelly: <3
Stephanie: <file_other>
Kelly: i don't understand ANYTHING. pure magic to me
Stephanie: hmm ok why don't you bring it tomorrow to school
Kelly: that'd be great!!!
Stephanie: i'm there from 9 30 till 2 30. u could come during one of the long breaks or right before our class
Kelly: ok thanks so much!!
Stephanie: no problem:) glad i can help ;)
Kelly: <file_gif>
Stephanie: <file_gif>
Summary: Kelly needs help with her stitching. Stephanie will help her tomorrow at school.
Dialogue: Polly: Hey, does anybody know how to update Flash Player?
Filo: Polly, it's not so difficult.
Dominic: Filo, be more kind with her, you know she's not as tech-savvy as you.
Filo: Allright. You the button that appears on the left?
Polly: The red one?
Filo: Exactly. Just click it and it will go automatically in the background.
Polly: OK, it looks like it's working.
Dominic: Polly, you'll be an IT helpdesk guy soon! :D
Filo: And look who's making fun of Polly now!
Polly: Guys, whatever. I'm just happy I can watch my tv series again!
Filo: You're welcome!
Dominic: What are you watching?
Polly: "The Stranger things"
Summary: Polly needed help updating Flash Player to watch "The Stranger Things". She got help from Filo.
Dialogue: Blake: did you hear Eminem's new album??
Linda: no, not yet
Blake: you have to!
Linda: is it on spotify?
Blake: <file_other>
Linda: thanks! I will make sure to listen to it, is it good?
Blake: it's the best <3 reminds me of old times
Linda: good to hear, i hated the last two albums
Blake: <file_gif>
Linda: haha don't be mad at me, they were not so good
Blake: ok you are right... i just love him so much it's hard to hate on him haha
Linda: you are a psycho fan :D
Blake: i can't change that sorry :D
Summary: Linda will listen to Eminem's new album. 
Dialogue: Diana: Hi, Linda. I am your new neighbor.
Linda: Which one. And how did you get my number?
Diana: From Lora. Your other neighbor.
Linda: So, you must be from the grey house. Looking at me right now?
Diana: That's me. I am waiving to you now.
Linda: Yeah. I can see that.  What's up?
Diana: I think we should get know each other?
Linda: Technically we've just introduced ourselves. So, we know each other, don't we?
Diana: I don't think that counts.
Linda: I think it does. But I am new here, right?
Diana: Yep.
Linda: So, aren't you supposed to bake something and bring it over?
Diana: Maybe. Problem is, I don't bake.
Linda: Not a problem. I avoid sweets.
Diana: Tell you what. I'll bake a rabbit tonight and invite you for dinner.
Linda: I'm a vegetarian.
Diana: Perhaps we'll just wave to each other for now?
Linda: Works for me.
Summary: Diana is Linda's new neighbour. They have just get to know each other. 
Dialogue: Ethan: man, that song is dope af!
Henry: what are you talking about?
Ethan: <file_other>
Ethan: did you forgot about their comeback?
Henry: shit!
Henry: I was sure it is tomorrow
Ethan: you fucked it up!
Henry: happens to the best of us
Ethan: sure
Ethan: whatever you say :P
Ethan: just watch it
Henry: doing it
Ethan: and?
Henry: well, your first statement was quite correct :P
Henry: honestly they keep surprising me with every comeback
Ethan: can't argue with that
Henry: did you check the rest of the album?
Ethan: listened to every song at least once
Henry: and?
Ethan: you'll enjoy it
Ethan: especially track number 3
Henry: can't wait
Ethan: I'll leave you to it
Ethan: we can talk more after you listen to everything
Henry: I will
Henry: I'll catch you later
Ethan: cya
Summary: Henry and Ethan will catch up later to discuss the new album of the band they both like.
Dialogue: Marie: Where are you?
Fran: Inside
Marie: Running to you
Fran: OK. Downstairs. A table on the left :-)
Summary: Fran is waiting for Marie inside. She is coming.
Dialogue: Ben: beer or wine?
Aaron: wine
Karen: yeah red and dry
Aaron: semi dry?
Karen: ok
Ben: ok 
Summary: Ben, Aaron and Karen will have semi dry red wine.
Dialogue: Caroline: Can you pick up Laura from school today? 
Caroline: I need to stay longer at work... 
Tom: Ok. What time?
Caroline: 3 p.m. 
Tom: Hmm.. I won't make it at 3  sharp coz I'm still with the clients. 
Caroline: so, what time?
Tom:  3.30 if there's no traffic. 
Caroline: Ok, that should be fine. 
Caroline: Just text her about it, ok?
Tom: Ok. 
Summary: Caroline will stay at work until 3 pm. Tom is with clients, he will picl Laura from school at 3:30 pm. Tom will text Laura about it.
Dialogue: Jacob: Dear prof. Daniel, thank you for visiting our seminar.
Daniel: I was honoured to be part of this project.
Jacob: The students were very excited about your presence. There are many admirers of your work at out university.
Daniel: Thank you. It was inspiring to see you all and listen to some fresh ideas.
Jacob: Inspired by your lecture, we were thinking about starting a working group about existentialism 
Daniel: What a great idea!
Jacob: Would you agree to be our liaison professor at the department?
Daniel: With pleasure. Drop me an email with more details, please. Whatever you would like to do. It doesn't need to be well defined or formal.
Jacob: Thank you very much, you will receive the email soon.
Daniel: Have a good night!
Jacob: You too, good night!
Summary: Daniel's cooperation with Jacob on his project was a success. Daniel will be the liaison professor at Jacob's department. 
Dialogue: Jeremy: how was the show?
Eric: it was okay
Eric: but honestly I expected more from it
Jeremy: why?
Eric: I don't know, I was expecting something more spectacular
Eric: and it was just good
Jeremy: so is it worth watching?
Eric: I think you'll like it more than I did
Eric: so that's a yes
Jeremy: okay, thanks
Jeremy: I was looking forward to it but the reviews so far were mixed
Eric: maybe people were expecting more
Eric: like me
Jeremy: that's possible
Jeremy: I guess I need to go and see it by myself
Summary: Eric did not enjoy the show as much as he thought he would. Jeremy will go and see it for himself. 
Dialogue: Larry: Tom, I still owe you 20 bucks
Tom: Really? I don't remember XD
Larry: Yeah, you paid for me at the bar yesterday
Tom: Oh, right
Larry: When can I give you those 20 bucks?
Tom: No hurry, man
Larry: But tell me, it's important
Tom: A Larry Stern always pays his debts?
Larry: Hahahahah, yeah
Tom: Ok, I'll be at Joe's later today, around 5
Larry: Ok
Tom: But I don't need those 20 bucks, really
Larry: No way!
Tom: Sigh... ok
Summary: Larry and Tom are going to meet today at Joe's, around 5 o'clock. Larry is going to pay 20 dollars back to Tom. He owes them because Tom paid for him at a bar yesterday.
Dialogue: Bertha: Hi. We exchanged numbers at the quilt show. I'm getting in touch about the pattern. Are you available?
Maude: Hi again! Nice to hear from you. Yes, I can talk over the phone or Skype or we can just chat. What are you up for?
Bertha: Chatting is fine. You said you had the double wedding ring pattern?
Maude: I do, and I've made it at least 5 times that I can remember.
Bertha: Great. Is it easy or?
Maude: Not so easy, but it isn't rocket science. I'm happy to help with anything that stumps you.
Bertha: That's so kind of you! Can you send it?
Maude: Sure. Here it is <file_other> Let me know if you have any questions.
Bertha: Okay. Thanks again!
Maude: You're welcome! Have a great day and happy quilting!
Summary: Bertha and Maude met at the quilt show. Bertha needs some help with the double wedding ring pattern. Maude has made it at least 5 times and can help Bertha. 
Dialogue: Mat: So I started to walk home and on the way I found a tenner and a fiver on the ground
Mat: Went to the shop and got myself a bunch of stuff cuz why not
Isabel: omg no way :)
Mat: aye Ino I was pure buzzin
Isabel: I would be too
Isabel: What u get?
Mat: got myself a bunch of sweets and some chocolate
Mat: Absolutely unreal
Isabel: :)) :)) :))
Summary: On his way home Mat found money on the ground. Mat went to the shop and bought sweets for the money he found.
Dialogue: Tyler: not my job at all
Jeffrey: whatya mean?
Tyler: todays argument with Kate, it really wasn’t my job, that report
Jeffrey: i know man, Jake was supposed to do that, that bitch is a psycho
Tyler: im done with this job, starting to look for a new one
Jeffrey: cmon, don’t exaggerate
Tyler: im not exaggerating, shes not normal, wont tolerate that anymore
Jeffrey: calm down and think about it, its your first job, you spend only 3 months here it will be tough to find sth else
Tyler: i don’t care, anythings better. Plus im going to start looking right now and im not quitting yet
Jeffrey: as u want, im tellin ya, its not a good idea
Summary: Tyler had an argument with Kate. It was Jake's job to do the report, not Tyler's. Tyler is starting to look for a new job. Tyler's current job is Tyler's first and he's been working there for 3 months.
Dialogue: Armando: do you want me to bring some smoothies?
Vivi: I'm lactose intolerant
Armando: how about fruit smoothies then?
Vivi: <file_photo>
Armando: I make my own oath milk btw
Vivi: yes please! <3
Armando: ok I'll be at your place with smoothies at 5
Vivi: see u soon! ;*
Summary: Armando will bring lactose free smoothies to Vivi's place at 5. 
Dialogue: Louis: Hi
Elliana: Hey
Louis: How r u? U wrote to me last night but I was already asleep
Elliana: I figured you were
Louis: :) I was sleeping so well now haha  3 hours almost
Elliana: Nice
Summary: Elliana wrote Louis last night when he was sleeping. Louis slept almost 3 hours.
Dialogue: Nicholas: Honey, are we doing something on our anniversary?
Nicholas: I meant something special - I assumed that we're having a date anyway. :)
Avery: Yeah, I'd love to. :)
Avery: Any ideas?
Nicholas: Maybe we could go to the theatre? We haven't been there literally for ages.
Avery: Ok, why not. :)
Avery: Come on, not "for ages", we're not that uncultured. ;)
Avery: Is anything interesting on?
Nicholas: Have a look:
Nicholas: <file_other>
Avery: Oh my God, "Macbeth"!
Avery: We need to see it!!!
Nicholas: Yeah, but there are no tickets left. :/
Avery: :(((
Nicholas: How about "A little game"? You said that you liked Sibleyras's works.
Avery: Well, if Shakespear is not an option, we can see this play.
Summary: Avery and Nicholas are going to see a play at the theatre to celebrate their anniversary.
Dialogue: Jasmin: I'm organising our bills
Jasmin: I gathered all I found around the house
Patrick: Cool
Jasmin: And I have a few which I don't know where to put 
Jasmin: <file_photo>
Jasmin: Is it a medical bill?
Patrick: It's my insurance that I need to pay
Jasmin: I'll put it with the medical bills. Later you can rearrange it
Summary: Jasmin organized hers and Patrick's bills. She will put the insurance bill with their medical bills.
Dialogue: Mona: <file_video>
Luke: Oh, some good music! 
Mona: ^^ Old, but good. Haven't listen to Led Zeppelin for a while. It's still good ;)
Luke: :D Remeber when we talked about saxophones? 
Mona: Yeah. I still like it as well :)
Luke: Check this out: <file_video>
Mona: Insane! The guy is iiiiiinsaaaane! 
Luke: ^^ Indeed. Double sax <3
Summary: Mona and Luke enjoy the same music. Mona hasn't listened to Led Zeppelin for a while.
Dialogue: Jerry: come home, lets game, im alone
Ralph: cool
Ralph: on my way
Summary: Ralph is coming home to play with Jerry.
Dialogue: Bud: Wanna have some pizza on Saturday?
Terrence: Why not? Are you guys planning something?
Bud: Yeah, me, Arnie and Jeff. You know, pizza, beer and a chance to complain about our wives. XD
Terrence: XD Good! Count me in!
Summary: Bud, Terrence, Arnie and Jeff are going to meet on Saturday for pizza and beer.
Dialogue: Sam: so, about earlier..
Sam: what do you think about Marco?
Lillian: i think we should just give him the exam pass
Lillian: he is a good student
Lillian: no need for him to defer the semester
Sam: thats true ive never heard any complaints before
Lillian:  yeah, hes very hardworking
Sam: okay then, text him and tell him he has been cleared for examination
Lillian: Okay, i will
Sam: but also tell him to try and pay the balance as soon as possible
Lillian: yeah, that is a must
Sam: okay then
Lillian: cool
Summary: Sam and Lillian will give Marco the exam pass. Marco is a good student. Lillian will remind Marco to pay the balance as soon as possible. 
Dialogue: Yigal: Where are you girls?
Kate: at the medical centre
Betty: with my rash
Yigal: Very good!
Summary: Kate and Betty are at the medical centre.
Dialogue: Richard: I have a feeling that my girl is cheating on me...
Matt: Well...
Matt: Don't know what to reply
Matt: I'm sorry man..
Matt: But are you sure?
Richard: I'm not. But I have my reasons to believe so.
Matt: I once made a mistake.
Matt: I accussed my girl of cheating on me. But it turned out she conspired with my friends to throw me a suprprise birthday party.
Matt: She was furious when I confronted her.
Richard: Wow. You've never told me that, and I was partially resposible for it...
Matt: Nevermind. Everything is fine now.
Richard: In my case however it's not about conspiring. It's the distance. She created so much distance between us that I have a feeling there is someone else she likes to be with.
Matt: I'm sorry. 
Matt: She doesn't seem to be treacherous viper so the best way is just to talk to her.
Matt: Maybe that would help
Richard: I will try. Thanks mate.
Matt: No problem. I'm with you man.
Summary: Richard suspects his girlfriend is cheating on him because of her emotional distance. Matt has once accused his girlfriend of cheating, when in reality she was throwing him a surprise birthday party. Richard will talk to his girlfriend as Matt advises.
Dialogue: Angie: send me a picture of your cat
Louisa: <file_picture>
Angie: thx
Summary: Louisa sends Angie a picture of her cat.
Dialogue: Lucy: I'm going to work in the library
Lucy: Wanna join me
Natalie: I'm already here lol
Xavier: I'm in town, maybe in the evening if you're still there
Summary: Lucy is going to work in the library. Natalie is already there. Xavier might join them in the evening. 
Dialogue: Bob: my work suck
Garry: why?
Bob: my boss is a fucking idiot
Garry: what happened? 
Bob: he yelled at me 4 sth I didn't do
Garry: couldn't tell him this?
Bob: he wouldn't listen
Garry: that's bad man
Bob: u tellin me 
Summary: Bob's boss scolded him for no good reason. He did not accept Bob's explanations.
Dialogue: Roxane: Hey Sarah!
Sarah:  Hey Roxane :) 
Sarah: long time no hear
Sarah: how've you been?
Roxane: pretty good :)
Roxane: u?
Sarah: pretty good, can't complain :)
Roxane: good to hear :)
Roxane: I'm gonna be in town for a few days over Xmas
Roxane: and just wanted to see if you'd have time to meet up?
Roxane: for a coffee or something
Sarah: oh that would be nice :)
Sarah: but it depends when
Sarah: we're going to see my in-laws for a couple of days
Sarah: but if I'm around when you are, then yeah, it would be nice to catch up :)
Roxane: great! I'll write you when I arrive :)
Summary: Roxane's going to stay in town for a couple of days during Christmas and wants to meet Sarah. Sarah's planning to visit her in-laws during Christmas but is willing to meet Roxane if they both are in town in the same time.
Dialogue: Jana: <file_photo> 
Jana: haha
Uncle Jake: Your mom is having fun there! 
Auntie Josie: Wow she's looks glamorous 
Summary: Jana's mother looks glamorous.
Dialogue: Zeke: hey, im not a stalker - i swear! i got your number from Marianne :) i just wanted to say that ur performance was awesome dude!!
Kenya: hello not-a-stalker-Zeke ;) im glad u liked it :D
Kenya: i was super nervous tho!!!
Zeke: 4 realz? it totally didnt show!!
Kenya: yeah, i was like completely freaking out!
Summary: Zeke got Kenya's number from Marianne. Zeke liked Kenya's performance. Kenya was very nervous during the performance.
Dialogue: Kelly: oohh I still don’t know.
Kelly: I like blue. 
Kelly: but red is tempting…
Kelly: on the other hand, if I have a red dress and then red nails and red lipstick, I guess it’s too much red
Andrew: hmm
Summary: Kelly is choosing the color of her dress, red versus blue.
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Tina: How beautiful <3 <3 <3 and elegant he is, Congrats again Monica
Monica: thank you! <3 how are you doing?
Tina: trying ti fit in in the jungle, weel see how it goes
Monica: fingers crossed :) i saw pics, looks good though\
Tina: man have to survive somehow :P
Monica: Aaa, so what are u doing on the daily basis?
Tina: mainly managing myself :P
Monica: (Y) and how are you feeling, are you ok?
Tina: I take care of myself
Monica: (Y)
Tina: I hope you do too. Mama is also important :P
Monica: I do I do, despite the fact the life has completely turned upside out
Tina: I can imagine
Monica: We ticked off the pediatrician this week, now the surgeon. it'sbaby acne and runny nose is killing us
Tina: My sister told that she has never got rid of this fear at the back of her head since she had her first kid
Monica: our neghbours fiance is a pediatrician, so we have instant consultations in emergency
Tina: (Y)
Tina: its going to be ok
Monica: charms of motherhood i suppose
Tina: I'm sure everything is going to be perfectly fine. All the best to your baby and hubbie
Monica: Thnks a lot <3
Summary: Monica is busy taking care of her firstborn. 
Dialogue: Charli: I bought a new dress :S
Bowen: Show me 
Charli: <File_photo?
Summary: Charli bought a new dress and is showing it to Bowen. 
Dialogue: Sam: how are you? :)
Laura: good just gaving coffee :)
Laura: *having
Sam: not at work?
Laura: I have a few days off in between jobs
Sam: right!! you're switching sectors
Laura: yes bye bye city hall
Sam: :D you're obviously excited
Laura: finally escaping the ugly world of politics and donations? who wouldn't be excited :D
Sam: and what are you gonna do in this new place? it's a media group, right?
Laura: one of the top four media groups in the world :)))))
Sam: congrats!! you'll do great
Laura: thanks :*
Summary: Laura is excited about changing her job. She will work for a media group.
Dialogue: David: hi, have you heard what happened in Sarah's bathroom?
Yvonne: nope
David: she sent me this pic
David: <file_photo>
Leslie: I'm pretty sure your drunk gf trashed this bathroom
Yvonne: it looks like drama always happens after I leave the party
David: how can you be so sure?
Leslie: have you seen her? she was so wasted she could easily mistake sink with sth else
David: god it's so embarrasing
Leslie: knowing Sarah you better pay for repairing it asap
Yvonne: or make Nancy pay and apologise
David: sure I won't leave it like that
Summary: Someone trashed Sarah's bathroom. Leslie says Nancy, David's girlfriend, did it. David will do something about it.
Dialogue: Ike: Have you seen the game yesterday?
Mitch: I haven't, wanna catch up on Saturday?
Ike: I can rewatch it with you! It was awesome
Gus: I'm down to watch it too
Mitch: That sounds great, nice squad
Ike: how about 5pm?
Mitch: let's do 6, gotta pick up kiddos from the pool at 5
Ike: sounds good for me 
Gus: Perfect
Summary: Ike, Mitch and Gus will meet on Saturday at 6 pm to watch the game together.
Dialogue: Jane: <gif_file>
Jane: Whaddya think? 
Shona: This ur tinder profile thing?
Jane: Yeah, I'm updating my profile tonite. Kinda nervoous though... :( 
Jane: What if i get another guy like John? o.O
Shona: John was a dickhead
Jane: preach sistah!
Shona: anyhoo - this time I've got u :D No slimeballs for you 
Jane: Not again *shudders*
Jane: You know he forgot my birthday??!!
Shona: wanker
Summary: Jane is updating her Tinder profile. She's nervous and worried that she might get a bad match again. Shona reassures her.
Dialogue: Carolyn: hey!!
Carolyn: I ran into your mum earlier today and she told me you'd moved out of town?? I had no idea!
Sean: hi
Sean: I guess we haven't talked in a while lol
Sean: my fault too, sometimes I don't notice a month has passed
Carolyn: I feel that
Sean: so yeah, I have... I couldn't really find a new job and then bam! I found an interesting offer elsewhere
Carolyn: ohhh
Sean: at first I was reluctant but then I thought, whatever! I'll give it a shot. and they actually wanted me, haha
Carolyn: well, that's great! are you happy with it now??
Sean: yeah, it's been good so far! the team are really nice people, they've helped me a lot!
Summary: Sean moved out of town. He is satisfied with his new job.
Dialogue: Sue: Hi Lou, how are you all?
Louise: Fine! How did the 18th go, I bet they all had a fab time!
Sue: Don't mention birthday parties to me! I am absolutely fucking livid with my daughter and so is Pete!
Louise: What has Lara done now! Just teen hijinx, is it!?
Sue: No, indeed! It started off ok as we booked the village hall for the right day and almost everyone she invited was able to come. 
Louise: Yes, it's unusual to get teenagers to reply to invitations! Did you stay for the night?
Sue: No, she begged us not to come! We set everything up, decs, drinks etc, nice buffet, but then we made ourselves scarce, we only live on the next street, you see. We decided to pop back in a few hours. That was very naive of us, to be honest!
Louise: I'm guessing things didn't actually go smoothly!
Sue: Understatement of the year! Pete went back round about 11.00 and there was utter carnage! There was vomit and spilled drinks everywhere, the front window had been smashed, the bathroom door had come off it's hinges and the mother and toddler toys and books were ripped and strewn about all over the place. Pete roared at Lara and turned the music off. Nobody moved at first, but he threatened to call the police!
Louise: Wow! I wasn't expecting that! I bet she was thoroughly embarrassed.
Sue: No, not really. About 8 of her friends were sleeping at our house, so they all crashed back there sheepishly.
Louise: Yes, but next day, she must have apologised to you.
Sue: She did not! In fact, around 6 of the group came back to the Hall to help clean up, but Lara refused to get out of bed!
Louise: I can't believe she acted so selfishly! 
Sue: We've made her pay for the damage out of her part time job at the vets and also refused to pay for one of her holidays. 
Louise: Yes, you did right! So she's got more than one holiday?
Sue: Yes, three! One she paid for herself, mind. She's still hardly speaking to us and it was 2 weeks ago. 
Louise: So sorry you've had to go through this, Lara needs to step up here, though!
Sue: I know, I think she'll come round. I have a feeling someone sneaked some drugs in and it made a few of them go apeshit! Hope Lara didn't have any.
Louise: I'm sure things will improve. Come and see us all next weekend. Lara loves to see Steve, he's like her little brother. 
Sue: Yes, I'd love that! See you soon!
Louise: Bye.
Summary: Louise and Pete booked the village hall for Lara's 18th birthday. They left her there with guests, who devastated the place and got crazy. Pete came back at 11, stopped the party, and punished Lara. She didn't apologize.
Dialogue: Tina: Did you order the book?
Glenn: Yes, yesterday. 
Tina: Great, thank you! Can you send me the tracking number?
Glenn: I haven't got it yet. 
Tina: Okey.
Glenn: But I'll forward it to you as soon as I get it. 
Tina: All right. 
Summary: Glenn ordered the book yesterday. He will forward to Tina the tracking number as soon as he receives it.
Dialogue: Abigail: How was i looking today?
Ethan: Absolutely Stunning. Where from did you get that haircut? <3
Abigail: My mom did that :/ :P
Summary: Abigail's mother gave her a haircut. Ethan likes it.
Dialogue: Laura: Hon, I'm shopping, look at this dress
Laura: <file_photo>
Sam: woooooooow
Laura: good wow or too much wow
Sam: a little bit of both?
Laura: I'm wearing a wrong bra for this dress
Laura: imagine a little less cleavage
Sam: :D I like it I'm just wondering whether you are gonna feel comfortable
Sam: the rest, the colour etc it's great
Sam: and you're great <3
Summary: Sam likes the picture of the dress Laura is trying on. She thinks she needs to wear a different bra under it.
Dialogue: Bob: I don't think we should see each other anymore
Ann: wtf?
Bob: joking just wanted to let you know that my mum invited you to dinner tonight
Ann: you fucker
Bob: <3
Ann: fake breaking up with me on Christmas Eve
Bob: :*
Ann: I'll be there.
Summary: Bob's mum invited Ann to dinner on Christmas Eve. 
Dialogue: Daisy: Good morning, parents! Please remember the kids are having a fancy dress party today so don't forget to pack their costumes :)
Riley: Good morning, Ms Daisy, Kevin is ready and all excited for the party, thank you!
Barbara: Good morning! Do parents who are coming need to wear costumes?
Daisy: Completely up to you :) I'm sure pupils would love that and it would look great in pictures!
Mitch: I know it's not the right place but does anybody have an emergency costume I can borrow for Mila? We completely forgot!
Daisy: Oh no! But don't worry, I have two princess dresses she can wear! She can even choose one she likes! 
Mitch: Phew! Thank you! You really are the best teacher! No wonder all the kids love you!
Riley: Oh, Ms Daisy has always been the best :)
Summary: The children are having a fancy dress party today. They will need their costumes. The teacher, Daisy, will lend Mila a princess dress. Costumes for parents are optional.
Dialogue: Aurora: Party!?
Lucy: Yeeeee!!
Anna: I can't go tonight, sorry girls, I've got a night shift
Aurora: ahhhh I forgot, We will come to you on your night break!
Lucy: good idea, we will smuggle some alco :)
Anna: You are awesome, thanks! My break starts at 1.30AM
Summary: Aurora and Lucy are going to party tonight, but Anna can't join them as she's got a night shift. Aurora and Lucy will pay her a visit at 1.30 AM when her break starts. 
Dialogue: Paul: Hi Baby! 
Paul: How are you?
Rita: Hi Hiney!
Rita: I'm good. How are you?
Paul: Fine :) 
Paul: Do you have plans for the evening?
Rita: No. I'm finishing at 20:00. 
Paul: Diner?
Rita: With pleasure! 
Summary: Paul and Rita will have dinner at 8 pm. 
Dialogue: Walter: how are you liking working from home?
Andrea: it's great!!!!
Andrea: i love it :-D
Walter: i thought you wouldn't like it, you like being around people
Andrea: that's true, but i feel i'm being more productive here
Walter: that's great!!!
Andrea: i have to say that there's more distractions though ;-)
Andrea: i'll take longer lunches and maybe even do laundry lol
Walter: you're a multitasker!!!! lol
Andrea: always and forever!!! hahaha
Walter: would you go back to working to an office?
Andrea: no, definitely not!
Andrea: i miss the people and the social interaction
Andrea: but I'M SO HAPPY i don't have to deal with the commute anymore
Summary: Andrea loves working from home and feels she's more productive that way. There are more distraction and Andrea misses the people, but she wouldn't go back to work in the office as she doesn't have to commute now. 
Dialogue: Nicole: thanks for all the gifts you've been sending me
Nicole: they're not necessary
Patrick: i don't know how else to apologize :-(
Patrick: i'm really sorry for talking to you like that
Nicole: i forgive you, just don't you dare do it again
Summary: Patrick sent Nicole a lot of gifts to apologize for something he said.
Dialogue: Leroy: Hey, mom is asking what time you're coming over.
Shaniqua: around 5. Is that okay?
Leroy: Yeah, I think so. Can you pick up some wine on the wine? I forgot to get it yesterday and we don't have any.
Shaniqua: No prob. I will get a few bottles. If you need anything else, just get back to me before 4.30, ok?
Leroy: Will do. Are you bringing the dogs with you?
Shaniqua: No, I was gonna leave them with my neighbor. She has a yorkie so it's not a problem.
Leroy: Mom is saying you can bring them. There will be some kids so they can play with them.
Shaniqua: I think I'd rather leave them. It's too overwhelming for them, too noisy, they get scared.
Leroy: Ok, up to you. Maybe they need a shock therapy though and spend some time with people.
Shaniqua: Perhaps. Still not gonna do it ;) How's mom?
Leroy: All good. Hasn't mentioned Trump yet so I guess that's good.
Shaniqua: Yeah, I wish she would stop doing that around other people. Nobody wants to listen to her rambling on about him.
Leroy: I think it's funny! At least she doesn't do it in public. So could be worse. 
Shaniqua: Yeah, she's like two steps away from it. Just make sure she stays away from politics at least until get I get there.
Summary: Shaniqua is coming around 5. She will buy a few bottles of wine. Shaniqua was going to leave the dogs with her neighbor. Leroy finds it funny when mum mentions Trump. 
Dialogue: Mustafa: I baked cookies
Olivier: Bring them to the office tomorrow
Matthew: If they survive... 
Summary: Mustafa baked some cookies. 
Dialogue: Jay: Too bad you weren't at work...
Timmy: why?
Jay: how to say it...
Jay: Jessica slapped our boss.
Timmy: damn... for what?
Jay: To be diplomatic... he said nasty things to her.
Timmy: Now I get it.
Jay: get what?
Timmy: I get why boss had so many disciplinary hearings.
Jay: I haven't heard about it.
Jay: I'm working here since July
Timmy: He was always mean and arrogant.
Jay: I'm interested to see what He does now.
Summary: Jessica slapped her boss. Timmy's not surprised as he had many disciplinary hearings. Jay hasn't heard about it before but is working here since July.
Dialogue: Brenda: Thanks :) How are things?
Hank: Thanks Brenda :D I'm not bored at work- at least I don't have to pretend that I'm doing something, together with my sisters we're preparing for camp, hmmm, lately I've started playing basketball, just for fun because I think I've got a while to reach Olympic standards, and how are you??? :D
Brenda: Great! :) My parents went away for the week, so I'm taking the opportunity to finish off various tasks :) When I have some spare time I play on the piano ;)
Hank: Wow, the piano, fantastic :) Yeah, you have to take the freedom of a free house he he :D
Brenda: Indeed ;) Apart from that I went with my sister (she was visiting last weekend) to see "Bohemian Rhapsody" :D What about you? Have you read/watched something interesting lately? :)
Hank: I read a book recently called: Project Life - Don't stop. The author writes about how he changed his approach to life, about his illness which consequently made him live life to the fullest, it's a really motivating book. To be honest, I rarely read, but you did just ask what I've been reading recently, he he :D What's the film about? Is it worth seeing??
Brenda: That's cool :) The book sounds pretty interesting :P The film is (as the name suggests) about the band Queen (maybe you like their music?), but it focuses  especially on the life of Freddie Mercury (the lead singer) and I have to admit, the film was really well done and also gives you something to think about ;)
Hank: That's awesome! As for the band, I know a few of their songs, I probably don't realise that some belong to them, he he, I'm not one of their greatest fans :P
Summary: Hank has a lot of work, he's preparing for a camp with his sisters and he's started playing basketball. Brenda's parents went away for the week, so she's finishing various tasks. She also went to see 'Bohemian Rhapsody' with her sister. Hank recently read a book called: Project Life - Don't Stop.
Dialogue: Chuck: Henry have you booked the hotel?
Henry: Yes for the first two nights
Kerstin: Only 2 nights? Why?
Henry: So that we have a base when we arrive
Henry: Then we can explore 
Henry: There are plenty of places that are not on booking
Chuck: I agree
Chuck: Sometimes the hotels on booking are overpriced
Kerstin: I don't feel like running around and looking for a hotel
Kerstin: I'd like to enjoy my holidays
Chuck: You can leave it to me
Chuck: I'll find us a great place
Kerstin: Ok
Summary: Henry booked a hotel for the first two nights only. Henry and Chuck would like to explore hotels that are not on (overpriced) booking.com once they arrive.
Dialogue: Kaden: Hi Zoé
Kaden: I have searched our database and the only place that is available is the one we spoke about earlier today
Kaden: When can we meet so that I can show you the place?
Zoé: Hi Ines, how about tomorrow afternoon at 2?
Kaden: I think that's ok, but I will confirm with the owner and let you know
Zoé: Great! Many thanks
Summary: Kaden wants to show Zoé the place at 2 pm tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ruby: What a complete waste of time!
Terry: What is?
Ruby: Lectures!
Terry: What do u mean?
Ruby: I'm sitting in a lecture now. Bored as hell. And the professor keeps blabbering about something.
Terry: But that's what u wanted!
Ruby: Not this!
Terry: What is he talking about?
Ruby: It all started fine - anthropological patterns, but now he's talking about his private life. As if I care!
Terry: What do u mean private life?
Ruby: He's talking about his arguments with his wife.
Summary: Ruby recons lectures are a waste of time because the professor keeps talking about his private life.
Dialogue: Catherine: hi! what's up? 
Kevin: Hi, sorry, who are you?
Catherine: oh, I am sorry, I thought you saved my number. We were a match on tinder some time ago:P
Kevin: oh, I see. Nice!
Catherine: How are you doing? 
Kevin: quite good... you?
Catherine: not bad, I'm trying to make some real bonds with people from the internet or delete them :P
Kevin: how bold!
Catherine: So maybe we should just meet?
Kevin: I would love to, but I don't have tinder any more.
Catherine: Do you have a girlfriend?
Kevin: Kind of, it's very fresh and I don't want to mess it up.
Catherine: I see. So you'll be deleted in a moment. hahah. I wish you good luck, hot blonde!
Kevin: HAHAHHA, thanks!
Catherine: :*
Summary: Catherine wants to meet with Kevin. They met on a tinder date. Kevin declines her, as he's in a fresh relationship. 
Dialogue: Daisy: Hey 🙂
Daisy: I can meet up with you today, around 5.30, is that a good time for you?
Daisy: 😘😘
Amy: Yes, I think so
Amy: Why don't you come over to my house? 
Daisy: Yes, good idea. I think that's also easier for you and the baby
Daisy: I can try and leave here a bit earlier
Daisy: I also need to go shopping later on, so that works out perfect :)
Daisy: Do you need me to bring anything?
Amy: No, that's ok, I baked a cake today 😊
Daisy: Oh, great! 
Daisy: I'll let you know when I'm on my way
Amy: Ok, see you later!
Summary: Daisy will come to Amy's place at around 5.30. Amy baked a cake. Daisy will let her know when she's on her way.
Dialogue: Anita: Let's go to to Carnegie Hall this month
Mark: nice idea
Anita: Maybe this Friday?
Mark: what do they have on Friday?
Anita: Rimsky-Korsakov, I really like him
Mark: ok, will you book the seats?
Anita: I will!
Mark: good!
Summary: Anita and Mark will go to the Carnegie Hall for Rimsky-Korsakov on Friday.
Dialogue: Tom: How are you today?
Anita: soso
Tom: why? what happened
Anita: I think we went a bit too far last night
Tom: I'm sorry, I thought you liked it
Anita: I did and this is exactly the problem
Tom: let's talk about it over a cup of coffee
Anita: ok, I'll write you as soon as I'm done at the office 
Summary: Anita's not feeling great after last night. Tom will meet her to talk after work.
Dialogue: April: Have you got admission in AIMC
Larry: I am still waiting for the results
April: I thought It was released today
Larry: Is it?
April: Yeah
Larry: Ok TTYL then. i should go check it
April: Sure C ya
Summary: April is still waiting for her results regarding the admission in AIMC.
Dialogue: Andrew: Could anybody water my palm?
Rory: how much?
Andrew: about 3/4 of the bottle
Rory: done
Sean: your palm became the queen of the flat
Andrew: hahah
Summary: Rory watered Andrew's palm.
Dialogue: Logan: hey, what time is it? xdDDDDDDDDDD
Dennis: jesus, you drunk bro? XD
Logan: no....why
Mason: cause you can check it on your laptop DXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Logan: oh fuck XD you're right
Dennis: hahahhhaaaaa
Logan: sorry guys, I'm stressed out
Mason: what is it?
Logan: I'm just wating for this chick I was telling you about, she's finally coming to see my place
Mason: woooooooooooo congrats 
Dennis: if you're stressed out then it must be serious
Logan: yes it is, just keep your fingers crossed
Dennis: we will, just do your job B-)
Logan: oh c'mon.............
Dennis: ok, sooooorry, keeping my fingers crossed
Mason: me too!
Summary: Logan is waiting for a chick at his place. Dennic and Mason will keep their fingers crossed.
Dialogue: Ben: How’s your new job?
Frank: it’s fine i guess. I started last week so too early to tell. It involves travelling so that’s new to me.
Ben: you’ll be fine
Frank: cheers mate! What about you? Still looking?
Ben: yeah, it’s been a couple of weeks! I went for some interviews, got 2 job offers but wasn’t convinced about those companies you know..
Frank: why do you want a new job? You seem to be happy with your present one?
Ben: i am but was curious what’s available on the market
Frank: if you’re happy stay where you are 
Summary: Frank got a new job last week. Ben is also looking for a new job. He is curious what opportunities the market can offer.
Dialogue: Bob: Hi, any news from Jackie?
Tabby: Yes, she said she's in Seattle.
Bob: Wait, what? Isn't she supposed to be in Portland?
Tabby: It looks like her new boyfriend had to go there for some family business and she joined him. They'll be staying there for about a week.
Bob: A new boyfriend? Oh, well, I hope she's find the right guy this time. What's his name?
Tabby: Ethan, he's a software engineer or something like that.
Bob: Wow! Now that's a real job, hah.
Tabby: Come on, Dad...
Bob: Just kidding, sweetheart, I know she's a great painter. Send her a big hug from Grandpa Bob.
Tabby: All righty! See you, Dad!
Bob: Good night, Tabby.
Summary: Jackie will stay with her new boyfriend Ethan in Seattle for about a week.
Dialogue: April: Hello John! Can we reschedule our meeting for next week?
April: I'm really sick and have to stay in bed. :(
John: Hi, April!
John: Sure thing! Get well soon and don't worry about it.
John: We will meet when you feel better. :)
April: Thanks, John!
Summary: April is sick and will stay in bed. She had to reschedule the meeting with John for next week.
Dialogue: Tonya: omg I cannot believe this
Tonya: Jake asked me out! :O
Phoebe: you gotta be kidding me
Phoebe: I was hoping he might ask me out one day
Phoebe: lol just kidding, happy for u! <3
Summary: Jake asked Tonya out.
Dialogue: Raymond: a brief reminder bro, carry your documents
Reddington: no need to worry, thats the first thing i put in my bag
Raymond: ID, passport and the rest?
Reddington: yes.
Raymond: okay then
Reddington: cant wait for the interview.
Raymond: are you nervous?
Reddington: just a little bit, what about you?
Raymond: me too, bt it will be fine
Reddington: me too i have that feeling that it will all be okay.
Raymond: God first 
Reddington: yeah, God first
Raymond: later then
Reddington: okay
Summary: Raymond reminds Reddington to pack documents up. They will have an interview.
Dialogue: Patsy: pick up morning anybody pls
Laurie: whats wrong?
Patsy: my little toyota is in garage :(
Alden: 8 ur place?
Elfrida: can we share?
Alden: sry what?
Patsy: what you mean?
Elfrida: i live close to pat. i can give u both lift on Friday
Alden: oh i dont know you live close cool
Summary: Patsy's car is in a garage, so she needs a lift. Laurie will pick up Patsy and Elfrida at 8 at Patsy's place. Elfrida will drive on Friday.
Dialogue: Peter: Did Sam tell you anything about him being late today?
Gloria: No, why?
Peter: Cause it's half past ten and he's still not here.
Gloria: No, he didn't say anything but you know how he is...
Peter: Lazy? :D
Gloria: i'd call it flaky...
Peter: Eeeer, I hate it when people are late
Gloria: I know...
Peter: it's just disrespectful and rude.
Gloria: I'm sure he's got an explanation
Peter: Oh, I'm sure he does! But why should I care?! I wake up at the crack of dawn...
Gloria: It's half past ten, Pete... <file_gif>
Peter: Oh go to hell, you too! :D
Summary: It's half past ten, and Peter is waiting for Sam, who is late.
Dialogue: Katie: Tori! Why didn't you answer your phone?!
Tori: Sorry sorry! I was at the doctor's!
Katie: ok ok, that's fine. So tell me!! how was the date?
Tori: oh god. I don't wanna talk about it. 
Katie: oh come on. You promised!
Tori: haha well what do you think it was like. I don't wanna talk about it. That should give you a big hint. 
Katie: god, it was that bad?
Tori: uhh yeah, it's tinder, what did you expect?
Katie: yeah, well I know. but I mean, it's still regular people. And the guy seemed nice in the pics. 
Tori: haha yeah yeah, but pics are one thing.. He was so fucking boring. I think that was the worst part.
Katie: yeah but boring doesn't automatically mean that it's bad 
Tori: well, it kinda does when you're me and don't know how to get out of the situation
Katie: haha well I just think your standards might be a little too high 
Tori: lol. my standards are too high cause I don't want someone boring?!
Katie: well nooo, but  I think you should give someone another chance, and not cross them off just cause they came off as boring in the first meeting. Maybe he was just shy!
Tori: oh god. yeah. that's for sure. 
Katie: see, so there ya go. 
Tori: yeah, but if you're so shy and like afraid of me, to the point where I have to keep up the entire conversation, that gets pretty exhausting pretty quick. 
Katie: mm yeah, I know what you mean. but either way, I think you could give him another chance.
Tori: ha, ok. I'll think about it. but just for you, and cause you asked nicely. 
Katie: hahaha ok, thanks, that makes me very happy :)
Tori: what are you doing this weekend? wanna hang out?
Katie: mmm yeah, I think I'm pretty free on saturday. 
Tori: sweet. Ok, I'll call you later. maybe we can go dancing or something!! :D
Summary: Tori went for a date. She didn't like it, because she found the guy boring. She's going to meet with Katie this weekend. 
Dialogue: Nick: I honestly miss the old times
Nick: when we were still going to the games
Nick: so many good memories
Max: you're not the only one
Max: those were some good times indeed
Nick: do you remember the first title?
Max: how could I forget?
Nick: those celebrations were epic
Max: whole city was on fire
Max: one of the players almost fell down from the bus roof :D
Nick: this season they're slowly coming back on track
Nick: so maybe the next title is not that far away
Max: I didn't expect them to play this well so quickly
Max: they're still very inexperienced
Nick: doesn't seem to bother them at all :)
Max: I just hope they won't end up selling all the promising players
Nick: true, just give them 2 or 3 years of playing together
Nick: and the results will come
Max: we really need to go back and see a game again
Nick: a bit hard with me living in another country and you in another city
Nick: but not impossible
Max: we will make it happen!
Nick: agreed
Nick: but we should plan for it ahead
Max: that's not a problem
Summary: Nick and Max miss the old days when they were going to the games together. They want to do it again, even if they're living in different places now.
Dialogue: Aiden: Was there a pain points sheet for this new ERP system?
Grace: Not that I have seen. Shall I call them?
Aiden: Please.
Grace: They said they sent a packet of stuff to Greg.
Aiden: Can you check with Greg?
Grace: He's out of the office, on vacation this week. Let me find someone in his office to check his mail.
Aiden: Great.
Grace: They found the packet and are sending it over in today's interoffice.
Aiden: Great.
Grace: Shall I start the ball rolling with the accounting staff?
Aiden: You may as well wait until the packet arrives. No need to do things they haven't asked for.
Grace: Okay, no problem.
Aiden: Too bad we wasted time waiting for that packet!
Grace: Just poor timing, his being out.
Aiden: I suppose. We can't expect them to know.
Grace: No, he just secured the contract. We have to take it from here.
Aiden: Exactly.
Grace: It shouldn't delay things too much. We'll prioritize it here.
Aiden: Yes, we shouldn't delay.
Grace: I'll get the whole staff on it when it arrives. Don't worry.
Aiden: Thanks!
Summary: Greg is on vacation, but the packet with the pain points sheet for the new ERP system will be sent in today's interoffice. Once it arrives, Grace should proceed with the accounting matters.
