Dialogue: Kyle: Ever seen that before?
Sarah: No!
Kyle: Hope I don't again either!
Sarah: Me neither!
Summary: Neither Kyle nor Sarah have seen that before. They don't wish to see it again. 
Dialogue: Kate: i'll have to send him to the cinema
Kate: his mate stood him up:D 
Courtney: haha 
Courtney: if he doesn't want to go we can still go to the park and drink on a bench XD
Kate: don't worry, he's going ;D
Courtney: :D
Summary: Kate is sending him to the cinema so she can meet with Courtney for drinks.
Dialogue: Roy: urgent, call back
Philip: I can't talk right now, 15 min?
Vin: how urgent? And both of us?
Roy: yes both, I'll make a conference call
Vin: ok, gimmie that 10 minutes and I'll call
Roy: ok
Summary: Roy needs an urgent conference call with Vin and Philip. 
Dialogue: Chris: There are some habits that I wish I didn't have :(
Nate: Everyone has habits like this :D
Nate: Do you have something in mind?
Chris: I just cleaned my keyboard. 
Chris: I mean I took out all the buttons, turned it upside down, and flicked out all the food remains.
Chris: That's what came out
Chris: <file_photo>
Nate: Hahahahaha. No seriously everyone has that in their keyboard.
Chris: The worst thing is I caught myself eating over it again before I even put all the buttons inside xD
Nate: Heh. Try not to. Maybe you'll reduce the shit inside the keyboard. 
Chris: Maybe :D
Summary: Chris regrets eating over his keyboard.
Dialogue: Tim: Hi, Tom.
Tom: Hey, Tim.
Tim: Did you talk to Tam?
Tom: Yes I did. It looks like she's no longer mad at you.
Tim: Ok. Thanks, Tom.
Tom: You're welcome, Tim.
Tim: That whole thing was just so... silly... why did I even argue with her?
Tom: Ask Tam, Tim!
Tim: By the way, I must once again say that our parents were shit at choosing names for their kids. XD
Tom: Tam, Tim, Tom, lots of fun!
Tim: XD
Summary: Tim had a fight with Tam but she's no longer mad at him.
Dialogue: Kian: I'm still in class
Denise: I am soooooo hungry
Kian: I finish in 30 mins then when I come back i will cook
Denise: Don't worry
Kian: So if u can, wait, or eat something from the fridge like eggs. There should be a chicken breast in the freezer in a nylon bag. Take it out to defrost please
Denise: I am not gonna be home until 9pm
Kian: Ah ok
Kian: U still at the training? I mean is the training that long?
Denise: 1pm to 9pm
Kian: Wow so I will prepare some to eat when u come back then
Denise: I can't even go to the gym today or tomorow
Kian: Eh
Denise: Nooooooooooooooo
Kian: U will be fine ;)
Summary: Denise is at the training from 1pm to 9pm. Kian is surprised it takes so long. She will cook something because Denise is hungry. 
Dialogue: Hanna: <file_photo>
Hanna: <file_photo>
Hanna: <file_photo>
Hanna: My new backpack
Tony: Cute!
Tony: You're such a kid 😜
Hanna: I know right haha
Tony: Did you buy a case for your pens too? 😜
Hanna: No lol
Hanna: Don't give me ideas though haha
Tony: Hahaha
Summary: Hanna bought herself a new backpack.
Dialogue: Jessica: Look, I've bought a new jacket!
Miley: where???
Jessica: in a new shop around the corner!
Miley: oh, i saw it recently but haven't been there yet
Jessica: <file_photo>
Miley: woow, it's really nice! Yellow is a great colour
Jessica: I was a bit afraid because it can get dirty quite easily but I don't want to have another dark one :P
Miley: And I agree with u! Colourful clothes are amazing
Jessica: exactly! I'm in love with my new thing!
Miley: I totally understand it! It's beautiful
Summary: Jessica's bought a new yellow jacket in a new shop around the corner.
Dialogue: Ash: Judging for website of the year has begun. Please have your ballots in no later than 25 November.
Gin: No way I can make it, I'm out of town for today and tomorrow. Can I have an extension?
Ash: Will Monday be better?
Gin: Yes, I think I can get it done by then. Thanks!
Ash: Anything for you!
Gin: Aw, shucks!
Ash: You worked really hard on the categories, so no way can I leave you out.
Gin: Well, I was going to say!
Ash: LOL!
Gin: I'm not shy, you know!
Ash: Oh, I know!
Gin: How are the rest of the votes coming?
Ash: Slow. You'll probably see another reminder or two over the time you're gone.
Gin: Okay,  no problem. You'll have mine Monday.
Ash: Thank you!
Summary: Ash informs Gin that voting for the website of the year has begun. Gin won't be able to have his ballot in until 25th November so Ash extends the deadline to Monday for him.
Dialogue: Julie: hey, always remember to pray before you sleep
Mark: always aunty
Julie: promise me that
Mark: i promise
Summary: Mark promises his aunt Julie to pray before sleep. 
Dialogue: Miranda: are we on for today? you ready?
Miranda: <file_gif>
Juliet: hell yeah! the dance floor will burn
Hayley: i am already preparing myself
Hayley: <file_other>
Hayley: check out this tune, i hope they play it today
Juliet: oh yeeee i will go wild on it!
Miranda: take it easy bitches :D
Miranda: you are starting to scare me haha
Hayley: <file_gif>
Juliet: hahah that's us after midnight
Juliet: FOREVER YOUNG haha
Summary: Miranda, Juliet and Hayley are having a party today.
Dialogue: Thomas: Sarah! It's already Tuesday! I'm so afraid of this exam on Friday :(
Sarah: No worries Tom! We studied a lot, nothing will surprise us!
Thomas: You're so positive because Mr Fincher likes you!
Sarah: Why do you say so? He doesn't like me more than you :D
Thomas: That's why I'm stressed! I don't want to look bad in the end…
Sarah: Just stop moaning, it'll be fine
Thomas: But I'm so oddly stressed, I can't explain it
Sarah: I can ensure you that this will pass soon XD
Summary: Thomas is stressed out about their exam on Friday. Sarah is positive as they studied a lot. 
Dialogue: Ann: so... any thoughts?
Mack: On the speech?
Ann: yeah...
Mack: Didn't finish it yet - one sec
Mack: Yeah I think it was a really good speech
Mack: Obviously memorized but she is a good actor so its okay
Mack: And her nervousness actually gave her credibilit
Ann: you once told me that you shouldn't memorise a speech in case you forget what you want to say... that's kinda why i had a hard time figuring it out :P
Mack: Well
Mack: Most speeches
Mack: But a speech in un seems too important not to memorize
Ann: fair enough
Ann: although I'm not sure I agree with everything she said...
Mack: Oh? Which part?
Summary: In Mack's opinion she gave a good speech and her nervousness lent it credibility. It did not matter that she learnt it by heart, since she is a good actor. Besides speeches held in the UN are too important not to be memorised. Ann has doubts here and did not agree with everything in the speech.
Dialogue: Daisy: Do you think this dress looks like a bathrobe?
Logan: No! Why?
Daisy: Well, it's plaid and belted. Thought maybe it was giving a bathrobe vibe!
Logan: Not for me. I think it looks nice.
Daisy: Thanks! That's not why I was asking...
Logan: I know, but it does look nice.
Daisy: Thanks! Blush!
Summary: Daisy isn't sure the dress looks nice. It does to Logan.
Dialogue: Cory: I'm doing the transcription of the interviews
Mila: oh my god
Cory: exactly
Jackie: is it that boring?
Cory: it's going so slowly
Mila: you should not be to diligent about it
Mila: I don't think it matters really
Cory: maybe you're right
Summary: Cory is working on the transcription of the interviews.
Dialogue: Mike: Hey guys, have u seen the last episode of Narcos?
Kate: Nope, I don’t watch it
Tom: Yep! I liked it very much!
Chris: It’s a kind of show where good people get hurt and bad guys do really bad things
Kate: Just like in the real life 😉 
Summary: Mike, Tom, Kate and Chris are discussing Narcos.
Dialogue: Caleb: Hey, do you wanna talk through Whatsup?
Nathan: No, I'm doing my homework now.
Caleb: Ok, but when can we hook up to play Fortnite?
Nathan: I don't know, that game is getting boring.
Caleb: Come on, I have to beat you again :)
Nathan: You wish! I always kill you in that game.
Caleb: Well, log in so we can play.
Nathan: I have a math test tomorrow.
Caleb: Errr...I hate math.
Nathan: I don't mind it, actually. I'm one of the best in my class. It's easy for me.
Caleb: You're lucky. My math teacher isn't very good. She doesn't know how to explain equations.
Nathan: You should switch to my school then :)
Caleb: Nah, I like my school for other things. We have the best basketball program.
Nathan: Yeah, but you're not even on the team!
Caleb: I plan to be, though, maybe next year.
Nathan: Yeah right. Anyways, I gotta get back to this. Let's play tomorrow night.
Caleb: Ok, good look on your test.
Nathan: Thanks! See ya.
Caleb: See ya online tomorrow ;)
Summary: Nathan is doing his homework now. He has a math test tomorrow. Nathan will play Fortnite online with Caleb tomorrow.
Dialogue: Timothy: at what time we were supposed to meet?
Simon: at 9pm
Timothy: sure thing
Timothy: seeya
Summary: Timothy and Simon are supposed to meet at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Sophie: look at this
Sophie: <file_photo>
Mike: hmm, what is it?
Sophie: can't you see, under the bridge?
Mike: is it a fish?
Daniela: seems a beaver
Sophie: exactly, i've seen a beaver in our river!
Mike: tonight?
Sophie: yes, when I was coming back home
Rudy: I heard they are back
Mike: but I don't think it's a beaver guys
Mike: it's rather a coypu
Mike: I read they are here, but I doubted it
Mike: was it big?
Sophie: quite big
Sophie: at first I thought it was a rat
Sophie: but then I came closer
Sophie: you may be right, it had a ratty tail
Mike: so it was a coypu
Sophie: how cute! 
Summary: Sophie shares the photo of a beaver that she saw in the river. Mike believes it is a coypu.
Dialogue: Linda: What time are we meeting?
Miley: 7
Linda: shit I'm late
Miley: hurry then!! :)
Summary: Linda and Miley are meeting at 7. Linda is late.
Dialogue: Charlotte: you know it was my birtday?
Peter: i know
Charlotte: do you have any gift for me?
Peter: no
Charlotte: why?
Peter: i thought we are not making presents to each other
Charlotte: but you got one from me.
Peter: i told you you didn't have to
Charlotte: and i told you i wanted to
Charlotte: does it mean that you didn't wanted to give me anything?
Peter: it's not like this..
Charlotte: so it's what?
Peter: do we have to talk this way?
Charlotte: which way?
Peter: like having argument
Charlotte: we are not having argument
Charlotte: i'm just curious
Peter: i have forgotten to buy but i will have something
Charlotte: ehhh..
Peter: what?
Charlotte: nothing
Summary: It was Charlotte's birthday. She expected Peter to buy her a present, since she had given one to him. She is not happy. Peter is going to get something for her.
Dialogue: Joe: Hi, I've heard that you're changing your job
Joe: That's fantastic, I wish you luck. I'm sure new job will be more interesting then previous one
Anna: Hi! Yes, I'm leaving this mess in 2 weeks. Don't want to be part of this shithole anymore
Anna: How's home?
Joe: Well, I'm spending time with kids
Joe: Home sweet home, afterall
Anna: I'm happy for you that you're finally having some rest. After all you haven't been home for 5 years, apart from short vacations
Joe: 7 years :)
Joe: and yes, all is well, I found job already
Anna: omg
Joe: ye, so all is really well
Anna: then it's superb!
Summary: Anna is changing her job in 2 weeks. She has found a new job already. Joe is spending time at home with kids, he hasn't been home for 7 years, apart from short vacations. 
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Luc: Wow
Luc: hahaha
Luc: Fair enough tbh
Monica: I thought of you when I saw it
Summary: Monica sent a funny picture to Luc.
Dialogue: Yolanda: How can I get to Tom's place?
Isa: You can take the subway. 
Isa: Then you need to walk for about 20 minutes. 
Helen: Which is the station?
Isa: Alonso Penha. 
Isa: Why don't we meet at the station and walk together?
Isa: His house is not that easy to find. 
Helen: Great idea!
Yolanda: Yes!
Yolanda: What time should we meet?
Isa: The party starts at 9.
Isa: Maybe we can meet there at 8:30-8:40?
Helen: Ok
Yolanda: See you later! 
Summary: Yolanda, Isa and Helen will walk together to find Tom's house. The party starts at 9. They will meet at 8:30-8:40 at the Alonso Penha station.
Dialogue: Maria: What time is the boarding?
Terry: 18.35
Jeff: no, no! 18.05!
Jeff: 18.35 is the departure
Summary: Maria, Terry and Jeff are departing at 18:35. The boarding is at 18:05
Dialogue: Martha: GIRLS! I found tickets to Belfast for 38 pln. January, 3 days. Interested? :D
Bridget: Wooow, that is so cheap :) I am very much interested, feel free to buy them
Martha: I already bought them :D I didn't want to risk someone else snagging them haha
Jenna: Awesome! I am also going, just need to let my husband know :D
Bridget: Good luck with that, he will be so jealous ;)
Summary: Martha, Bridget and Jenna want to go to Belfast for 3 days on January 3. Martha found tickets for 38 PLN.
Dialogue: Marcin: Have you read it?
Anna: Read what?
Marcin: The article.
Anna: What article?
Marcin: <file_other>
Marcin: The newest interview with Nel.
Anna: OMG...
Marcin: ^^
Summary: Marcin has shown Anna the newest interview with Nel.
Dialogue: Lexie: Anyone would like to trade presentation dates with me?
July: I haven’t done mine, and I actually would rather do it sooner that later
Niko: I could too
July: But do we trade subjects too?
Niko: I would assume so, they fit particular class’s subject
Lexie: Oh so I can’t stick to my subject and just refer it later?
July: No hon, if it’s about trafficking it’s gotta be when trafficking class is going to be
Lexie: Ding it, I like my subject:D
Niko: Well, you gotta drop it if you need to do it later
Lexie: I have to, I can’t be in class when I’m scheduled
Niko: I think I’m last one in the queue if you wanna postpone it much
July: I’m last but three I think 
Lexie: I don’t wanna be last, July I’ll take yours, you mine?
July: Sure, when are you supposed to speak?
Lexie: April 4th
July: Deal, you take May 5th
Summary: Lexie wants to swap her presentaion date. Niko is the last one but she doesn't want to be the last. Lexie will take May 5th and July will take April 4th.
Dialogue: Jenna: dudes, were we supposed to read the whole text for tomorrow???
Hannah: yep 
Denis: yep, the whole thing
Jenna: but it's like 40 pages wth
Denis: i dropped dead after 10 pages. it's so dense
Jenna: chill, i don't think anyone's gonna read it
Summary: Jenna, Hannah and Denis should read 40 pages for tomorrow. Denis couldn't as it's too dense.
Dialogue: Luke: Do you know a good lawyer?
Marvin: What's wrong?
Luke: Well, I was using my laptop at work and there was a power surge and the motherboard got burned.
Marvin: Sorry to hear that, but why do you need a lawyer?
Luke: My employer said he's not going to cover the damages.
Marvin: Seriously?
Luke: Yeah. 
Marvin: My uncle is a lawyer, I'll ask him. And if not, maybe he can recommend someone.
Luke: Thank's, that'll be great. 
Marvin: No problem. Hang in there. I'll give him a call right away.
Luke: You're a lifesaver!
Marvin: Don't mention it!
Summary: Luke needs a lawyer as his employer won't cover the damages of his professional laptop. Marvin's uncle is a lawyer, so he'll ask him if he can take care of it or if he can recommend someone.
Dialogue: Kai: How are you doing today?
Kate: Good, you?
Kai: I can't really focus on work
Kate: me neither, hahaha
Kai: Should we meet tonight?
Kate: Should we do it so intensely 
Kai: Why not?
Kate: I'm a bit afraid
Kai: of what? life? Experience? Happiness?
Kate: possibly
Kai: Don't be afraid, I'll protect you
Kate: this is what scares me
Kai: so I'll try to keep distance and let you protect yourself
Kate: ok, deal
Kai: deal!
Summary: Kai and Kate can't focus on work today. Kate is not sure about meeting Kai tonight. She is scared of the development of their relationship. Kai promises to give Kate some space. 
Dialogue: Monica: Ross, did you pick Ben from school??
Ross: What !! No !! i didn't pick Ben from school..
Monica: Did Eric tell you that he wasn't going to pick Ben up from school...
Ross: No .. Eric didn't say anything to melike this
Monica: Oh Eric... You idiot.. He must have forgotten... 
Ross: Are you going or shall i go and puick him up??
Monica: NO you stay at your work.. I will go..
Ross: Okay.. See you later
Summary: Eric forgot to tell Ross to pick Ben up from school. Ross will pick Ben up.
Dialogue: Sarah: hey what do you add in the coffee? completely forgot.. u told me last time.
Hannah: cardamon and cinnamon stick small bit only.
Sarah: Oh yes thank you dear i really loved the aroma
Hannah: i know it taste good too right?. and no problem
Sarah: yes taste great.
Summary: Hannah adds cardamon and cinnamon in the coffee. Sarah loves it this way.
Dialogue: Nina: On a mission to declutter my house!
Mark: Go girl! Go!
Nancy: have a good day decluttering! I guess..
Kelly: good luck!
Sam: you can do it! x
Jess: don’t be too hard on yourself!
Summary: Nina is decluttering her house. Mark, Nancy, Kelly, Sam and Jess are supportive.
Dialogue: Lindsay: how on Earth a girl like you is single?!
Ronnie: I don't to ruin the surprise ;)
Lindsay: or maybe this photo was taken 20 years ago
Ronnie: tbh I'm very picky
Lindsay: I think it's good
Lindsay: I see no point in settling down for something mediocre
Ronnie: and how would you answer that question?
Ronnie: why are you single?
Lindsay: I think I'm bad at dating
Ronnie: really?
Lindsay: I feel awkward about new people and take things too slow
Ronnie: so you're shy!
Lindsay: and I suck at flirting
Ronnie: flirting is overrated
Lindsay: are you good at flirting?
Ronnie: haha I don't think so :)
Ronnie: but I'm a good dancer
Lindsay: how about you dance with me this Sunday?
Ronnie: where?
Lindsay: there's Kozidrak's party in Cocoon
Ronnie: sound cringy and fun :)
Lindsay: so is that a yes?
Ronnie: yes :)
Lindsay: great!
Summary: Lindsay and Ronnie are going dancing this Saturday at Kozidrak's party in Cocoon.
Dialogue: Malcom: hey maria, how you doing?
Maria: im good, what about you?
Malcom: Im good also, so listen, Alex's Dad passed away yesterday
Maria:😕😔😔😔😥 wow, why?
Malcom: im not yet sure also
Maria: poor lad, its so sad
Malcom: yeah it is, we should visit him soon before the funeral
Maria: yeah, we really should, does Justin and Migel know?
Malcom: I really dont know, you're the first i've told
Maria: we should spread the message politely so that we make contributions also
Malcom: thats a good ides
Maria: RIP😔😔😔😔😔😔
Malcom:😔😔
Maria: but thats life, he'll get through it
Malcom: God will help him
Maria: yeah, he will
Malcom: so, we'll plan more, let me talk to Justin
Maria: cool, let me talk to migel
Malcom: cool
Summary: Maria and Alex are going to visit Alex, whose father died yesterday. Malcolm will inform Justin and Maria will inform Migel.
Dialogue: Karen: Samba class tomorrow?
Carmen: I can't... too busy at work
Whitney: I will go!
Summary: Karen and Whitney will go to a Samba class tomorrow. Carmen cannot come as she's busy at work.
Dialogue: Natalia: Hi Sol! How are you? :)
Natalia: Just wanted to let you know that I'm going to be in Stockholm next weekend
Natalia: I would love to see you, maybe we can have lunch together? Please let me know
Sol: Hi Natalia!!! So nice to hear from you! <3
Sol: Are you coming just for the weekend?
Natalia: Yes, with my boyfriend. We will stay in a hostel in Sodermalm. 
Sol: I'd love to meet you but I'm in Mexico now :( I mean I am very happy to be here ;)
Natalia: Oh, I see, well that's great, enjoy! :) When are you coming back?
Sol: Thank you. We'll be back in 2 weeks.
Sol: I hope you like Stockholm but it's sooo cooold there now, take your winter coats :)
Natalia: I know, but we want to go anyway :) I found very cheap tickets and the hostel is one of the cheapest ;)
Natalia: We just need some sunny weather ;)
Summary: Natalia is visiting Stockholm next weekend and wanted to meet with Sol. However, Sol won't be able to meet Natalia, as he will be staying in Mexico for next 2 weeks.
