Dialogue: Luka: Mum!
Luka: I'm trying to read your instructions for the meal but can't understand a thing.
Emily: What's the problem this time?
Luka: What did you mean by preheat the oven?
Luka: Well I know what you meant by that but to what temperature?
Emily: 180 degree like always.
Luka: It's the first time I'm making this by myself!
Emily: Don't worry, it's really easy.
Emily: Just preheat the oven to 180 and put the dish for 30 minutes.
Luka: Okay, I'll try.
Emily: Just remember to cool it off after taking it out of the oven. You'll burn yourself otherwise.
Luka: Will do. Thanks!
Summary: Luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal. Emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min.
Dialogue: Tom: Did I leave my wallet at yours last night?
Jim: I haven't seen it but I can have a look tonight when I get back from work.
Tom: Cool. Thanks.
Summary: Tom is looking for his walet. Jim will have a look tonight at his place.
Dialogue: Alexander: I feel so awful about what happened at the party
Alexander: <file_gif>
Evelyn: haha, well you were so drunk
Evelyn: we had a lot of fun watching you :D
Alexander: thanks a lot, you're not helping!
Summary: Alexander was drunk at the party and feels awful about it. Evelyn had fun watching him.
Dialogue: Jane: Is the new episode of Riverdale out already?
Karen: I don't know, I'm out of the loop
Jane: What happened? :o
Karen: I have so much work it's unbelievable
Jane: Oh no, that's not good. What episode are you?
Karen: I just started the last season, but I think I'm in the middle
Jane: What do you think? It's getting... darker, but I like it
Karen: Hm, it's difficult to say, I haven't watched a lot of it
Karen: But I sure will catch up once I'm done with all the work
Jane: Hah, seems like you don't have to hurry, we have to wait another month for the next episode ;/
Summary: Karen has lots to do. She doesn't have time for watching Riverdale series, so she's in the middle of the last season.
Dialogue: Jeanette: Hello Guy, how are the family?
Guy: They're OK, thanks. Yours?
Jeanette: Not bad Phillip went off to Belarussia for a charity trip to tend the Polish graves
Guy: What about Patrick.
Jeanette: Not so well. He is in a sanatorium until Christmas getting treatment for his alcoholism. I yold him I'm leaving him if he doesn't get cured.
Summary: Philip went to Belarussia for a charity trip and Patrick is in alcohol rehab until Christmas.
Dialogue: Mariah: Dad, I need your help
Joshua: what happened sweetie?
Mariah: we are doing a business project for school and we need an adult supervisor
Joshua: and you thought of your old man ;>
Mariah: and no one else is available :D
Joshua: ouch
Mariah: but at the same time there's no one better to assist us
Joshua: now you're talking
Summary: Joshua will assist his daughter Mariah with her business project for school as she needs an adult supervisor.
Dialogue: Sydney: What are you up to?
Jonah: Watching a cat documentary
Jonah: <file_photo>
Jonah: Miaow
Sydney: Kitty cat 💗
Summary: Jonah is watching a cat documentary.
Dialogue: Leo: where have you parked?
Tim: inside the premises
Ken: you have to go down to the main gate
Leo: how stupid!
Tim: sorry!
Summary: Tim parked inside the premises.
Dialogue: Jason: remember those awful hedaches i used to have?
Lori: yes, you looked miserable last time you got one. :-/
Lori: i could tell you were in pain
Jason: i don't get them anymore!!!
Lori: that's incredible!! what did you do?
Jason: i'm taking this medication the doctor prescribed
Jason: they're like magic pills
Lori: i'm so glad for u!
Jason: the problem is that now i have trouble falling asleep
Jason: and i wanted your opinion, should i stop taking them?
Lori: you're putting me in a delicate position here jason
Lori: you should ask your doctor, he's the professional
Summary: Jason is taking pills to prevent headaches, but has troubles falling asleep. Lori can't help him, so he will need to go to the doctor.
Dialogue: Mary: Kate, Amanda, I’m in real trouble…
Kate: What happened?
Amanda: ?
Mary: Tell us, maybe we can help you
Mary: I’m sorry, but I need your help. I haven’t been able to pay my bills for the last three months and if I don’t pay quickly, I won’t have gas and electricity
Amanda: I’m so sorry. Of course, we will help you!
Kate: How much is it?
Mary: 2000 $
Amanda: No big deal! I’ll transfer the money immediately
Mary: Thank you, Amanda…
Amanda: No problem, dear
Mary: I need to explain the whole situation
Mary: I haven’t told you the whole truth about my work. I was dismissed about two months ago
Mary: My boss told me that he needs someone who speaks English and Spanish. As you know, I don’t speak Spanish
Kate: I’m so sorry, Mary
Kate: You know, my company is looking for professionals like you. Maybe I could be of help
Mary: I appreciate it very much, Kate
Kate: Send me your CV, please
Mary: No problem
Mary: <file_other>
Summary: Mary needs 2000 $ to pay her bills as she was dismissed two months ago. Amanda will send the money immediately. Kate's company is looking for professionals like Mary.
Dialogue: Aubrie: U had fun last night?
Gunner: Yes in my bed haha I didn't go anywhere
Aubrie: Mmm but still u had fun in ur bed xd So not that bad. Sometimes it is even better than going out
Gunner: I was still hungover so no not really
Aubrie: ok, hopefully now you are ok
Gunner: kind of lol
Aubrie: so you must have been very drunk
Summary: Because of hangover Gunner didn't go anywhere last night but stayed in bed.
Dialogue: Frank: who's up for playing some fifa with me?
Maddy: i'm out now! sorry
Alice: i can play a game or two :)
Frank: got it! launching the game now :D
Summary: Alice agrees to play Fifa with Frank.
Dialogue: Angelica: Why men can't just know what we mean when we mean it?
Muriel: I suppose it's a rhetorical question.
Angelica: Andrew really gets on my nerves.
Muriel: Whats going on?
Angelica: We were arguing again yesterday.
Muriel: What for?
Angelica: Because he's making such a big deal everytime I say something not 100% nice.
Muriel: No, I'm asking what for, girl 😆
Angelica: Hahah
Angelica: It's no use
Angelica: Can't break this vicious cycle
Muriel: I'd say you need to get some rest.
Muriel: You guys are seeing each other every day. No wonder there are things to argue about.
Angelica: You're right. You always know exactly what to say.
Muriel: Unlike Andrew hahahah
Angelica: Hahahha
Summary: Angelica is angry with Andrew because of the fight they got into yesterday. Muriel suggested she needs some time off because all the fights result from seeing each other every day.
Dialogue: Ryan: Hi babes,  missing me?
Kate: Course! We still up for the cinema tonight?
Ryan: Yeah, meet u there about 8ish?
Kate: It's a date, see ya!
Summary: Kate meets Ryan at cinema at 8.
Dialogue: Vic: So what are ur reasons?
Nancy: I'm thinking of expanding my business and am thinking of creating a profile on one of the social websites ;)
Phil: That's actually a gr8 idea!
Vic: I think so too!
Nancy: Most other companies have such profiles, so I thought it'd be time for me to do the same.
Phil: Wise choice.
Summary: Phil and Vic support Nancy's idea to create a business profile in social media.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Sophie
Sophie: Hi Chris
Chris: How r you doing today?
Sophie: Oh, fine thanks😉
Chris: Great, have plans for the evening? Maybe we can grab a dinner?
Sophie: That’d be great, but not today. I’ve got to catch up on work
Chris: Maybe tomorrow, then?
Sophie: Perfect!
Summary: Chris and Sophie are having a dinner together tomorrow.
Dialogue: Morgan: What do you guys want for dinner?
David: Whatever yo feel like cooking. All is good for me.
Noemi: Something vegetarian. I've had too much meat recently.
Morgan: Vegetarian lasagne? 
David: Great!
Summary: Morgan will make a vegetarian lasagna for a dinner with Noemi and David.
Dialogue: Sabrina: Just imagine diaper changing💩, throwing up and crying babies,🙉 hyperactive small kids.🙈.. pretty sure that feeling goes away fast 😂😅
Danie: Nope... I love all that stuff lol
Richard:  And not being able to fly to New York to dance or even go out in London or Cambridge....
Danie: Believe me I'm well aware of the benefits of being single and 'free'... but it's just how I'm filling my time for now.
Richard: Wow, exchange babies for dance... definitely broody )))
Danie:  Babies have always been at the top spot, just need to find/create the right circumstance for that to occur... Dancing is easier to organise lol
Summary: In opposition to Danie, Sabrina and Richard claim that having a baby is problematic and limiting.
Dialogue: Henry: Hey, I've just arrived but I'm a little lost. I'm facing that new café on the train station. Which way is the metro?
Abigail: Turn left and go straight ahead.
Henry: I see it, thanks!
Summary: Henry has just arrived but he's lost. Henry is facing the new café on the train station. Abigail advises Henry to turn left and go straight ahead.  
Dialogue: Karol: Hello dear ladies!
Karol: What do you think I should buy to my 4 year old niece?
Karol: You know, Christmas time is coming and I really have no idea what would be a good present...
Sylwia: Oooh, how sweet!
Sylwia: It won't be a very innovative idea but did how about some jigsaw puzzle?
Karol: I'm not sure if a 4 year old child can do the puzzles... Isn't that too difficult for such a little creature?
Sylwia: Hahahaha you're being silly!
Sylwia: There're different levels of difficulty, I think you could find some puzzles for even younger 'creatures' :)
Monika: True! Last year I bought jigsaw puzzles for my 3 year old nephew.
Monika: Those were big pieces and the child was doing pretty well with matching them!
Sylwia: You see, Karol? If there was something like that for a 3 year old, you don't have to worry.
Karol: I see...
Monika: Or maybe...
Monika: How much are you planning to spend on this present?
Karol: Like 30 bucks or so
Monika: Because I've got another idea!
Monika: Listen, at the age of 4 children actually start to learn the alphabet in preschool.
Monika: And last time I've been searching for something on eBay, I've come across an auction offering whiteboard with marker pens and plastic letters with magnet.
Monika: The whiteboard's dimensions were 90 cm and 60 cm, if I remember well. Total cost 25 bucks, so it'd fit your budget! :)
Monika: What do you think?
Karol: Wow, the idea is perfect!
Karol: And I could hang the whiteboard on the wall, so it wouldn't require any space on the floor.
Sylwia: I like the idea too. There's always this annoying problem with the kids writing on the wall...
Sylwia: So having that thing on the wall they could be doing it without consequence!
Karol: Monika, you're a genious!
Karol: I'm super happy I've asked you guys, thanks!!
Monika: That's nothing, I feel fantastic every time I can help :))
Summary: Karol is looking for recommendations for a Christmas present for his 4-year-old niece. Sylwia suggests a jigsaw puzzle. Monika suggests a whiteboard, marker pens and letter magnets to help the niece learn the alphabet. Karol likes the idea a lot.
Dialogue: Riley: Whats up with your brother, hes been texting me since morning
Brandon: Did you reply her?
Riley: No
Summary: Brandon's brother has been texting Riley since morning. Riley hasn't replied. 
Dialogue: Nancy: <file_gif>
Suzie: Hi :D
Nancy: How are you?
Suzie: well... a bit tired, we came back at 2 last night...
Nancy: whoah, some kind of a party!
Suzie: yeah...
Nancy: look, maybe you'll help me
Suzie: ?
Nancy: I don't know what to get Michel and Josie.
Suzie: for their wedding you mean?
Nancy: Yeah...
Nancy: <file_gif>
Suzie: We're getting them a set of towels
Nancy: going practical, I get it...
Suzie: Well we thought buying them a blind dinner that they wouldn't enjoy wasn't the best option
Suzie: And everybody needs a towel.
Nancy: Lol
Nancy: What else does everybody need?
Suzie: cutlery?
Nancy: OMG, are we THAT old?
Suzie: :D
Nancy: OK, I'll think of sth practical...
Nancy: Thanks
Suzie: You're welcome :D
Suzie: <file_gif>
Summary: Nancy is looking for an idea for a wedding gift for Michel and Josie.
Dialogue: Marlow: help with biology project pls
Nixon: i cant help. not even started yet
Oscar: shite no gd me neither. we need to talk to ladies
Marlow: and i believed in you lads. so believed. ok ill ask manny
Nixon: ok drop the line l8r
Summary: Nixon and Oscar haven't started their biology projects yet, so they can't help Marlow with it. They're going to ask the ladies for help.
Dialogue: Kim: Hi how's your tooth?
Jools: not there anymore
Jools: feels odd
Jools: like a huge hole in my mouth
Kim: does it hurt?
Jools: not now, I took some pills
Jools: but my whole head hurts :/
Kim: you're going to be better soon
Kim: can you eat?
Jools: not really
Jools: I can't eat or drink anything hot today
Jools: just some cool cocktails
Kim: <file_other>
Kim: I like these cocktails
Kim: I saw them at tesco
Jools: I'm on my way to tesco right now ;)
Jools: thanks, I'll try it
Jools: I'm starving
Kim: maybe just some drinks tonight? ;)
Kim: are you doing anything tonight?
Jools: I don't know, I will tell you in 2 hours ok?
Jools: I have to do some shopping and see how I am in a couple of hours
Kim: ok sure
Kim: take care
Summary: Jools is in pain after his tooth extraction. He is going to Tesco's to buy some cool cocktails. He will let Kim know in two hours if they can go out together tonight.
Dialogue: Agnes: Hello folks! How are you doing? It's got cold in your area, we have heard.
Agnes: <file_photo>
Agnes: Here it's uniformly warm, in mid or higher 20s, cooling down dramatically at night to 22C.
Alex: Hello globetrotters! Thanks for a sign of life from you. At long last.
Alex: The weather here is quite predictable. In fact rather chilly now, even snowfalls, but nothing out of ordinary. Martha insists on lighting up the fireplace in the evening, so I guess it must be end of November.
Alex: <file_photo>
Agnes: This looks perfectly snug! The beauties of a cold climate. You both look also perfectly happy there on the rug.
Alex: Thank goodness no illnesses or anything nasty. And you?
Agnes: <file_photo>
Agnes: The same. Healthy and happy tourists on the lookout for new attractions.
Alex: Fantastic pictures. Thank you.
Agnes: <file_photo>
Summary: It's warm where Agnes is and rather chilly where Alex and Martha are. 
Dialogue: Anna: Now you get it?
Peter: So, instead of wasting time, u let the app do its job and then just fish out the clothes?
Anna: Exactly :)
Peter: Glad I got it ;) I don't think I could bear any more explanations ;)
Anna: Lol. You're mean!
Peter: Sry. Didn't mean to!
Summary: Peter understands how the app works now.
Dialogue: Michael: Can you recommend me a movie?
Gabi: What kind of movie?
Peter: A comedy?
Michael: Rather a drama
Michael: I'm feeling melancholic today
Gabi: Have you seen Roma?
Michael: No
Michael: I've heard different opinions 
Gabi: Don't listen to the opinions
Gabi: Just watch it and form your own ;-)
Michael: Do you think I might like it?
Gabi: Just watch it ;-)
Gabi: We will talk later. 
Summary: Michael feels melancholic and he wants to watch some drama today. Gabi recommends him to see Roma.
Dialogue: Bo: what for dinner?
Mom: potato soup
Bo: bleh, i wanted pizza
Summary: Bo and Mom have potato soup for dinner.
Dialogue: Giulia: Hey, when are you travelling to Brazil? Sorry, I remember you told me but I can't seem to remember
Paul: In February!!
Giulia: Are you visiting Tom?
Paul: Yeah, I do think so!! He definitely offered to house me when I'm in Bahia
Giulia: Cool. Where else are you going to go?
Paul: Mainly the North-East
Giulia: Nice, the poorer part then
Paul: Yep
Giulia: Funny but I'd probably try to get out of Rio or S Paolo as fast as I could and take refuge in Brasilia, then Rio Grande do Sul (which, I gather is incidentally the most right-wing region ehemmmmmm)
Paul: Well, it's not like I'm uninterested in these places but I only have 5 weeks and it's such a big country
Paul: I don't want to make any plans before I go, but it would be great to return and see more of it
Giulia: I'd also like to go. Actually I was checking the tickets the other day. They're not as expensive as I thought actually
Giulia: How much have you paid?
Paul: 650 EUR return
Giulia: Not bad
Paul: Anyway, you're travelling in February. Shall we skype soon?
Giulia: Sure, just call me when you have the time
Paul: Cool xx
Summary: Paul is going to Brazil for 5 weeks in February. He will visit Tom when he's in Bahia. He will travel mainly in the North-East. His return ticket cost 650 EUR.
Dialogue: Mary: ice cream?
Jane: yuppie 
Mary: I will buy them 
Summary: Mary is going to buy some ice-cream.
Dialogue: Felix: hey, what are you getting for Julia? :)
Aiden: not sure yet
Aiden: a CD maybe?
Felix: hmm ok
Maria: I'm baking her the birthday cake :).
Summary: Aiden is probably going to get Julia a CD. Maria is baking Julia a birthday cake. 
Dialogue: Suzie: <3
Suzie: Thanks for last night!
Kate: It was awesome, thank you ;*
Summary: Suzie and Kate met last night.
Dialogue: Kasia: Hello! It's ABC, your favourtice Internet Service Provider! How can I help you? 
Daniel: hi! I got your service 2 months ago and while making the agreement you turned on some extra service for me, "safe internet" or something. 
Daniel: I wanted to remove it, but you said it's free for first month and I need to wait at least 3 days to turn it off. 
Daniel: So after a week or so I called and asked to turn it off at last
Kasia: Yes, "Safe Internet" service is an antyvirus we offer to all our customers with promotion of first month free.
Daniel: exactly!
Daniel: So I was checking my invoice yesterday and I noticed that even ethough I asked to turn it off, you still wants me to pay me for it
Kasia: That must be some mistake of our systems. 
Kasia: Please give me your customer number so I can check your invoice.
Daniel: it's 12345
Kasia: As I suspected, this is our mistake. 
Kasia: I am sorry about that. Your invoice is recalculated and sent, please check your email address. 
Kasia: Also the IT Department is informed about the situation, so the bug will be fixed as soon as possible
Daniel: Oh, that was fast, thank you
Summary: Daniel is lodging a complain with his internet service provider ABC for billing him for an extra service which he timely and according to the service agreement asked to discontinue. Kasia from ABC admitted it was a system error. It was instantly rectified and a corrected invoice was emailed to him.
Dialogue: Samuel: Do you have the recipe for the weed muffins?
Daniel: Didn't know you were a baker
Samuel: Come on, help me out
Daniel: Am I invited to the party?
Samuel: There's no party
Samuel: Just me and Pamela
Daniel: You guys wanna get really high
Daniel: <file_photo>
Samuel: Thanks Daniel
Daniel: Leave me a few... 
Summary: Daniel gives Samuel a recipe for weed muffins and asks for some.
Dialogue: Kayla: guys, I'm on the plane, in Sevilla at 6
Tiffany: amazing, only you're lacking
Alexis: We got 2 cars for us
Bobby: I'll drive and Tom
Logan: which means nobody will survive
Randy: LOL
Kayla: hahah, was it expensive?
Randy: no, super cheap, 15 euro per person
Kayla: wow!
Tiffany: of course, they were happy that somebody wants to rent it after season 
Kayla: right, hahah
Randy: so we can bring you back to the airport on Monday as well
Kayla: thanks!
Tiffany: we'll wait at the airport, see you there
Kayla: see you!
Summary: Kayla will land in Sevilla at 6. Tiffany, Alexis, Bobby, Logan, Randy and Tom will be waiting for her at the airport.
Dialogue: Mark: hey just a heads up, i'm out with robbie & ill be home in like 45 min
Sarah: kk. pizza is going in now
Mark: <file_gif>
Mark: u didn't get hawaiian like last time?
Sarah: hawaiian pizza is the best pizza!! :D
Sarah: but don't worry - i got you some peperoni ;)
Mark: good! 
Mark: pinneapple on pizza - *shudder*
Sarah: oh quit being a baby! :P and buy me some chocolate when you get back?
Mark: as my lady commands ;)
Sarah: your lady, huh? i didn't realise we were in the 19th century :P
Mark: what can i say? they wore some pretty cool hats then ;)
Summary: Mark is out with Robbie and will be home in 45 minutes. Sarah thinks Hawaiian pizza is the best one, but she'll get some peperoni for Mark. He'll buy some chocolate for her.  
Dialogue: Martin: Hello Jen, i'm still waiting for you in Dublin, but as you can't decided yourself , i thought to come and visit you in Brittany. I'll be on my way to Biarritz with Sammy on the 4th of august
Jen: I was about to write to you. I'm back from Moscow, where i spend such a nice week with family. How incredible how the city has changed. I'll be happy to host you in august. I'm thinking about Dublin in september
Martin: great, i'm so happy. I'll call you back but i'll arrive late on the 4th of august or the 5th in the morning. I'll let you know asap
Jen: whenever you want.You may call me on the , i'm leaving on the 29th of july.
Martin: I'm in the States till the end of july, so i'll call you once you arrive in Brittany
Jen: enjoy your stay in america. I'll wait for you
Summary: Martin will come to Brittany with Sammy in the beginning of August and visit Jen. Jen has just came back from Moscow. Jen is leaving on the 29th of July. Martin is in the USA until the end of July. Martin will call Jen when she arrives in Brittany.
Dialogue: Jenny Morris Sharpei: Morning chic yeah I was thinking the same lol xx I’ll pop over for 12 ? Xxx
Caron: Ok.. bring some drops for Molly  xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Ok and wormer xx
Caron: Oh yeah xxx
Caron: <file_photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Lol aww xxx
Caron: <file-photo>
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww xx
Caron: Hiya hun.. how are you? How's the paper work going? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Hiya Hun hopefully council is coming out this week xx
Caron: Good.. we need to get together and finish off everything have you managed to look.over the stuff I gave you for any alterations before the council?
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Yeah it’s all good but was wondering about the deposit and payment on the same sheet is that ok do u think ? How’s molls ? Xx
Caron: We can do it however you like.. Molly is great.. she's lost loads of weight now she's running around.. her coat is so soft with the coconut oil.. she's really happy bless her eyes are good we wash them out every morning.. she comes upstairs all the time now and sleeps on my bedroom floor.. Luna won't let her on the bed lol.. me and Andy going to take them to westonbirt on Sunday for a big walk around the trees should be nice this time of year xx how's you and your chap? I've seen a few Facebook posts Is it still on? Xxx
Jenny Morris Sharpei: Aww glad she’s happy love her . Yeah we’re still ok but I don’t know really lol xxx
Summary: Jenny Morris Sharpei will pop over for 12. She will bring some drops for Molly and wormer. Council should come out this week. Jenny Morris Sharpei and Caron has to finish off preparations. Andy and Caron will take Luna and Molly for a big walk on Sunday. Jenny is fine with her new chap.
Dialogue: Clare: I hate mr Buchanan! I can’t even fsgthfhcygjd
Zoe: I give you permission to go off 😀 rant away bb
Clare: I mean, I GUESS I’LL FAIL OUT OF HIS CLASS but it’s fine. I’m salty.
Zoe: But I’ve heard he didn’t fail anybody last year
Clare: I’m shook
Zoe: I know, right?? But I’ve also heard that he’s become a mean b*tch after the divorce this summer
Clare: Serves him right ❤ you think I should throw a shade about him?
Zoe: Yeah, you do that bb ❤
Clare: Thank bb
Summary: Clare hates her teacher, mr Buchanan. He got divorced this summer. Zoe thinks that this made him so unpleasant. 
Dialogue: Jules: That assault was nasty
Bruce: Do you mean the situation in France?
Jules: yes
Ashley: This happens when the government is leftist.
Summary: Jules thinks the assault that happened in France was abominable. Ashley has a strong opinion that the left winged government is responsible for it.
Dialogue: Courtney: Have any of you been to the lecture about the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis?
Liz: unfortunately not.
Tracy: I have.
Courtney: Is there any chance I could copy your notes from it?
Tracy: yeah, sure, but there are also really comprehensive notes that we got form the older class.
Courtney: Really? Where?
Tracy: There was a post with the link on the fb group.
Liz: <file_other>
Courtney: Thank you so much!
Liz: no probs ;)
Tracy: No problem.
Summary: Courtney and Liz haven't been to Sapir-Whorf hypothesis lecture, while Tracy has. After Courtney asks for Tracy's notes, Tracy suggests notes from an older class.
Dialogue: Andrew: do you remember the name of this travel agency you used last year?
Arno: when we went to Greece or Italy?
Andrew: Greece, last summer
Arno: it was "Happy Travels" I believe, to be honest Anna booked that I am not really sure...
Andrew: can you ask her?
Arno: hold on
Andrew: ok
Arno: yeah it was the one I mentioned, here is their number: 543 342 121
Andrew: thanks mate
Summary: Arno went to Greece and Italy last year. Anna booked the tour to Greece with "Happy Travels" travel agency. Arno gives Andrew their number.
Dialogue: John: Hi Hun, just please don't panic.
Allison: What happened?
John: Were @ the emergency, Tommy fell off the monkey bars.
John: It seems like he broke his arm.
Allison: OK, I'm leaving the office.
John: Just please don't drive, take a taxi.
Summary: Allison is taking a taxi from her office to the emergency, as Tommy fell off the monkey bars.
Dialogue: Mckayla: I’m running late, I’ll probably be like 5 or 10 min late 
Erik: figures 
Mckayla: Erik! I’m really really sorry! I’ll explain when I see you.
Erik: yeah that’s fine. Just get off your phone and hurry up. 
Mckayla: ok ok. Sorry. See you soon. 
Summary: Erik will have to wait for Mckayla for 5 or 10 minute as she is running late.
Dialogue: Ellen: Hi, honey, sorry I've been so unreachable lately, the redecoration is a nightmare.
Kate: Don't worry, sweetie, what's wring with the redecoration?
Ellen: Well, nothing's wrong per se, it's just it's taking so much time, I barely sleep nowadays...
Kate: Isn't Paul helping you?
Ellen: He's trying the best he can, but you know how men can be, he doesn't know what goes with what and I wouldn't trust him with our kitchen floor tiles...
Kate: Oh, you're right. It's always women who take care of the aesthetics of it all... And they say we're only good in the kitchen. :D 
Ellen: Well, the kitchen is going to be spectacular so that part is true enough, LOL xD
Kate: Can't wait to see it. When are you finishing?
Ellen: I hope it will be ready by Christmas, but the workers are permanently late.
Kate: Oh yes, one of their many 'qualities'... :D
Ellen: Not that I don't like a beer now and then, but for Christs sake, they leave beer cans EVERYWHERE. How are they working if they're always tipsy?!
Kate: Steady hand, they say, hahaha
Ellen: Steady hand my ass, if they damage anything, I'm gonna kill them.
Kate: LOL
Ellen: Yeah, so to answer your question, the redecoration could go better but I'm counting on it to finish as quickly as possible.
Kate: Keeping my fingers crossed, hun and I can't wait for the housewarming party.
Ellen: You'll be the first to know! 
Summary: Ellen and Paul are doing the redecoration and it takes a lot of time. They want to finish it by Christmas but workers are permanently late. Kate is looking forward for the housewarming party.
Dialogue: Barbara: Hiya! We are thinking of going to the ZOO later on, do you guys wanna come?
Liz: Sounds good, what time?
Barbara: around 11?
Liz: Not sure we'll make that though, STILL saying goodbye to Larry's parents. 😬 
Barbara: Weren't they supposed to leave yesterday?
Liz: YES 😠 
Barbara: what happened?
Liz: I don't even know, something with the car or whatever...
Liz: Anyway, will make 1pm though, will you guys still be there? 
Barbara: yeah, Elsie will sleep in the buggy. 
Barbara: are you bringing packed lunch?
Liz: we'll eat here I think
Barbara: cool, see you in a bit! 
Liz: great see you there!
Summary: Barbara and her family go to the ZOO around 11 am. Liz is still with her parents-in-law. Liz's and her family will join Barbara at 1 pm.
Dialogue: George: How are you doing today?
Kate: Well, been drinking till 3am, so could be better
Tom: Yeah, went back home at 4, we had a crazy party last night
George: Lucky me :P fell asleep at midnight 
Summary: Kate and Tom went back home at 4 after a crazy party. George fell asleep at midnight.
Dialogue: Tatiana: i will be late
Ruby: ok
Ruby: me too
Summary: Both Tatiana and Ruby will be late.
Dialogue: Jerry: Hi!
Jerry: How's it going?
Lidia: <file_photo>
Lidia: We're doing great!
Lidia: And you?
Jerry: I'm getting to work
Lidia: Call me if you want.
Lidia: I've got 10 minutes
Jerry: Ok
Summary: Jerry will call Lidia as he is preparing for work and she has 10 minuted of free time.
Dialogue: Jasmine: Thank you sooo much for the gift!!! It's so great and so nice of you!!!
Nina: We're happy you like it :D
Rob: Congratulations again Jasmine!
Jasmine: I miss U all so much :(
Nina: We miss you too honey. So sorry we can't be there with you
Jasmine: I know... We hope to see you really soon :*
Summary: Jasmine really appreciates the gift that she received from Nina and Rob. Jasmine hopes to see them soon.
Dialogue: Alexa: how's your knitting?
Alexandra: fine, slowly but surely ;)
Alexa: great :)
Alexandra: <file_photo>
Alexa: that's really nice, you're getting really good at it!!
Alexandra: thanks :))
Alexa: and i wouldn't say it's going slowly ;) quite the usual speed tbh 
Alexandra: really? seems like forever
Alexa: well, that's the point in knitting ;P
Alexandra: haha ok 
Summary: Alexandra is knitting.
Dialogue: Carson: and so it's spring
Nicolas: seems like it
Carson: time for cleaning
Nicolas: the windows?:D
Carson: that too, but first i was thinking about the body maybe:D
Nicolas: diet?
Carson: i don't know yet. maybe a diet... 
Nicolas: last year i drank this tea
Carson: i know, herbs! 
Nicolas: exactly 
Nicolas: they can make u sweat and stuff
Carson: hmm i should have sth in my kitchen closet
Carson: yeah i have some from last year ;)
Nicolas: let me know how it goes, maybe i'll try too 
Carson: ok
Summary: Carson is going to drink herbal teas in order to purify his body in spring. Carson will tell Nicolas how these teas affect his body.
Dialogue: William: Gooood moooorning
Ava: Hello!
William: What are you doing ?
Ava: Breakfast
William: Oh ok. Did you make some for me too ?
Ava: Yes,U always can join me :)
William: Ok I'm going to get on a plane going to Italy instead haha
Ava: Good hehe
Summary: Ava is making breakfast.
Dialogue: Lee: The betting site is back online right now
Mason: really?
Lee: yeah, the markets are fair. Just check out
Mason: okay then
Summary: Lee lets Mason know about the betting site being back online right now, so he can check it now.
Dialogue: Frank: We have spoken of this before; please reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space. Dan just tried to take a customer in there for a meeting and interrupted your group.
Joe: A sign-up sheet beside the door or a group calendar would be better than the current system. It’s too hard to use!
Frank: At any rate, please use the system we have for now. A new method can be discussed later.
Joe: Sure. Sorry!
Frank: No problem.
Summary: Frank asks Joe to reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space. He shall use the system they have for now even though he suggests a sign-up sheet beside the door or a group calendar.
Dialogue: Luca: Hello everybody, the transportation has been arranger. I will see you at 4.30 pm LT donwstairs
Jake: Thank you! In full uniform?
Rhonda: Thank you, will be there. BTW my bill is already paid, Luca
Luca: Jake, you and I in full uniform, Rhonda, you can be in civilian clothes just wear your ID
Rhonda: Thank you! will save me time to get ready!
Jake: I hope they will bring my laundry on time, I've already called in three times...
Luca: Jake, do you want me to check with them?
Rhonda: Jake, you might want to go downstairs and check with them, they are a bit slow in this hotel. I waited for over an hour for a soup yesterday!
Jake: Thanks for the offer, Luca, but I think I will go to the reception first and try to take it from there!
Luca: Good idea! Let me know how it goes. 
Rhonda: Jake, don't forget we have a discount here
Jake: Oh, cool, didn't know that. How much?
Rhonda: 15%, I think. Luca?
Luca: it's 25 :)
Jake: Fantastic! Thank you guys! Let's hope it works!
Summary: The transportation has been arranged so Luca and Jake in full uniform and Rhonda in civilian clothes are meeting at 4.30. Jake's still waiting for his laundry so he has to make sure at the reception the clothes are ready on time. They have a 25% discount at the hotel.
Dialogue: Niamh: Buba, do you still want us to visit you in Berlin?
George: we can come at the beginning of February
Buba: <3 <3 <3
Buba: Sure! :)
Niamh: perfect!
George: we thought about spending two nights in Berlin
Buba: I work on Friday but I usually finish early, at 4 p.m.
Niamh: if you miss French food or anything we could bring you sth
Buba: Friday and Saturday nights are fine by me
Buba: but you have to book the tickets asap 
George: should we bring anything to sleep on?
Buba: bring me sth from regional French cuisine <3
Buba: I'll ask Rupert if you could sleep in his room
Buba: he usually spends weekends at his girlfriend's place
Niamh: wow great
George: so tipical cheese from Bretagne would be good for you?
Buba: YES PLEASE
Niamh: can't wait to visit you
Buba: Berlin's great
George: ok so today we'll look for tickets
Buba: great so I'll text Rupert about his plans for the first weekend of February
Niamh: <file_gif>
Summary: Niamh and George will visit Buba the first weekend of February. They will probably sleep in Rupert's room. Buba will ask his permission. Buba finishes at 4 p.m. on Friday. Niamh and George will buy tickets today.
Dialogue: Douglas: Hey! I asked for your emails after the seminar with Mary because we’re presenting on the same day. Could I ask each one of you to please give me the title of your presentation, and perhaps which books you’re going to use? Just double-checking to avoid overlap. Hope you don’t mind 😅
Randall: No worries! I’ve chosen US atrocities during the Vietnam War (My Lai massacre).
Randall: Will most likely use Ryan and Belknap. I’m not sure though, I haven’t started with the readings just yet 😅😅😅
Dora: Hey! It’s actually good you’ve asked Douglas. Thanks for this!
Dora: I’ll focus on Winter Soldier
Dora: No secondary lit yet 🤭
Edith: I wanted to focus on how the Vietnam War changed the perception of the Great War. I’ve read a review whose author mentions it in passing and it seemed a nice little subject to talk about. Although, quite obviously, I might have a problem while trying to find any info about this.
Edith: Perhaps I’ll just survey book reviews… 😂😂
Douglas: I’d suggest book reviews randomly selected at Amazon.com. That would be in agreement with the strategy chosen by one of our colleagues. You can allege there has been precedent.
Edith: LOOOL you mean the presentation on random book covers found on Google? That was too funny
Dora: Yeah, I much enjoyed some of the covers actually 🤣
Douglas: Me too 🤭
Douglas: Anyway, thank you so much for the info. I’m going to work on Vietnam memoirs so quite fortunately there seems to be no overlap with your subjects/secondary literature
Douglas: So good luck this Thursday!
Edith: Thanksss
Dora: xx
Summary: Ryan will talk about US atrocities in Vietnam War. Dora will do Winter Soldier. Edith prepares the influences Vietnam War had on the perception of the Great War. Douglas works on Vietnam memoirs.
Dialogue: Carlos: I'll be in late
Carlos: cover for me please
Irene: sure no prob
Irene: the boss will be in at 10:30
Carlos: great I should be in by then
Irene: ok, do you have nay meetings?
Carlos: no just pick up the phone and say i'm in a meeting
Irene: sure no problem
Summary: Carlos will be late. The boss will be in at 10:30. Carlos should arrive there until then. 
Dialogue: Joanna: Feel free to come over, I have made a lot of apple pie :p
Joanna:  <file_photo>
Ula: How come?
Joanna: My family visited this weekend and left me a ton of apples :)
Jacek: The invitation is for real? Because I will go anywhere for home-made apple pie :D
Joanna: Absolutely :)
Jacek: Me and Alex will come after class
Joanna: And you Ula?
Ula: I will see if I find time after work, but probably :)
Summary: Joanna's parents came over this weekend and left her a lot of apples so she made an apple pie. Jacek and Alex will come and try it after class. Ula will too, if she is free after work.
Dialogue: Evelyn: heyyy, could I ask you a favour?
Douglas: ask away, I'll see what I can do?
Evelyn: I need to throw out our old monitor but it's pretty heavy and unfortunately we don't have a lift
Evelyn: I was wondering if you could help me with that. anytime is fine, really, I'm not in a hurry
Douglas: oh, no prob. I can't this week but the next one should be ok
Evelyn: thank you so much!! let me know when you're free
Summary: Douglas will help Evelyn throw out their old monitor. He will let her know when he can come, probably next week. 
Dialogue: Joni: Thank you for telling me about that concert! I had a really nice time!
Michelle: That was the Budapest Festival Orchestra concert, right?
Joni: Yes! A friend of mine is a big fan of theirs and I'd been meaning to see them.
Michelle: Did you have good seats?
Joni: No, we sat way in the back, but it didn't matter. The acoustics at the venue were exceptional.
Michelle: Excellent. Glad that you enjoyed it. I'll try to see them myself the next time they are in town. 
Joni: You should! Definitely worth it!
Summary: Joni had a nice time at the Budapest Festival Orchestra concert, which Michelle had told her about. Joni went to the concert with her friend, who's a great fan of the orchestra. They sat in the back of the venue, but that wasn't a problem thanks to exceptional acoustics. 
Dialogue: Sophie: Have you seen Lora yesterday?
Mona: I did. Horrible outfit=)
Sophie: Someone should tell her something!
Mona: Not gonna be me. I sort of enjoyed it.
Sophie: You're horrible to you know?
Mona: Sure, I do=)
Summary: Lora was wearing a horrible outfit yesterday. 
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Peter, can I ask you something?
Peter: hi, sure
Peter: what's the problem?
Chris: I'm having troubles with one of my macros
Peter: excel?
Chris: yeah, could you take a look at it
Peter: is it something urgent?
Peter: I have some backlog with my projects and I need to focus on them for a few days
Peter: but I should be able to take a look at it during the weekend
Chris: weekend is fine
Chris: it's just for a side-project
Chris: so nothing very urgent
Peter: in that case I'll be happy to help
Peter: just send me the file
Peter: I'll let you know if I have any questions
Chris: of course
Chris: thanks
Summary: Chris has a problem with one of macros in his Excel file. Peter has a lot to work on, he will help Chris during the weekend. Chris will send him the file.
Dialogue: Laura: let's move here, ok?
Josh: sure! :D
Laura: so what would you recommend, tablet or iPad?
Josh: hm.. depends on your needs...
Laura: Most important for me is the quality of recording sound and image.
Josh: Well.. pple say apple is the best but I think it is mostly their good marketing B-)
Laura: Indeed, I watched some videos recorded by iPad and I wasn't impressed...
Josh: How much do u want to spend on that, btw?
Laura: around 2000...
Josh: Here you have some comparison of apple, samsung and xiaomi <file_other>
Laura: oh, perfect, thx! <3
Josh: why don't you go through it first and then we can talk, hm?
Laura: great idea, thx! <3
Laura: I'll text u tomorrow then
Josh: ok ;-)
Summary: Laura needs to buy tablet or iPad. iPad's video quality isn't impressive. Josh sends Laura a collation of Apple, Samsung and Xiaomi's tablets. Laura will compare them. They will discuss it tomorrow. 
Dialogue: John: Why didn't you come?
Jim: you know why
John: enlighten me
Jim: I couldn't come to her wedding
John: you still love her
Jim: yeah
Summary: Jim did not attend her wedding as he still loves her. 
Dialogue: Irene: ill be late for supper, let the kids know
Irene: ill be working uplate
steven: ok, ill prepare something to eat, should i fetch you?
Irene: no, ill take an uber
steven: okay then
steven: take care.
Irene: ill be fine, thanks
Summary: Irene is working, and she is going to be late for supper. Steven will prepare something to eat. Irene will take an Uber to get home.
Dialogue: Dwight: hey
Dwight: cant beleive you bailed on christine, shes so sad and mad
Yorke: i know, but i'll need to explain what happened
Dwight: you better do it soon
Yorke: i will, life is so messed up right now
Dwight: why?
Yorke: i had to bail on her coz i had an emergency
Dwight: dont worry, im sure she will understand
Yorke: will she?
Dwight: yeah, she cares deep down
Yorke: okay then
Dwight: cool, talk to her
Yorke: i will
Summary: Yorke bailed on Christine due to an emergency. She is upset about it. Yorke will try to explain everything.
Dialogue: Scott: still mad about yesterday?
Leah: I wasn't mad
Leah: just irritated
Scott: you know that I didn't do it on purpose?
Leah: it doesn't matter anymore
Scott: are you sure?
Scott: maybe it's better to talk it over the phone?
Scott: can I call you?
Leah: if you have to
Scott: I do
Scott: calling in a minute
Summary: Scott will call Leah in a minute.
Dialogue: Todd: hey, you there?
Adam: will be in 5 minutes. at the store atm
Todd: cool, can you buy me a red bull and a pack of marlboro lights?
Adam: sure. anything else?
Todd: a lighter :)
Adam: :)
Summary: Todd asked Adam to buy him an energy drink, cigarettes and a lighter.
Dialogue: Mary: That’s great news! I’m so happy that you’re coming home! Would you like to say over at your parents’ house?
Josh: Don’t no yet. Probably I’ll stay at the hotel close to the city center. My parents live an hour from the city…
Mary: Sure, we should meet when you come. 
Josh: Of course! 
Mary: Call me when you’re in London. I don’t have any plans for the weekend
Josh: Do you want to meet at Gary’s?
Mary: Yes, that’s our favorite pub 😊
Mary: Maybe John and Lucy can join us
Josh: Perfect 😊
Mary: I’ll call them today
Josh: <gif>
Mary: <gif>
Josh: 😊
Summary: Josh is coming back to London. He'll meet with Mary at Gary's, their favorite pub. Maybe John and Lucy will join them.
Dialogue: Helmut: What have you seen today? How was your day?
Russell: Amazing, we love this place really
Amber: I'm in love as well
Helmut: What city are you in now?
Amber: Innsbruck 
Helmut: The Alpes are very beautiful indeed
Amber: Especially in summer
Helmut: every season really
Amber: Have you ever been here?
Helmut: Sure, I used to be there every week for work. I love the location of the city
Amber: Yes, very picturesque, the city has kind of a curtain of mountains behind it
Helmut: true, seems very theatrical 
Russell: Helmut, do you know where is a Starbucks here?
Helmut: Hahaha, there's not Starbucks in Innsbruck. 
Amber: How is it possible?
Helmut: I believe that people there prefer their kind of coffee houses, the traditional Austrian ones.
Helmut: where one can smoke, have proper waiters and tablecloths
Amber: Cute, but we miss Starbucks hahahaha
Helmut: 🤷🏻‍♂
Helmut: Maybe give the Austrian ones a chance?
Russell: We have no choice in this situation 😜
Summary: Russell and Amber are in Innsbruck, they love it. Helmut used to visit Innsbruck every week for work. Helmut tells Russell there is no Starbucks, they should try the Austrian coffee shops.
Dialogue: Lukas: 1 bottle of milk, flour, butter, bread, toast bread, eggs, cottage cheese and beef steaks
Lukas: You can also buy some sweets
Hannah: Copy that!
Hannah: Want some beer?
Lukas: Yeah, you can buy a bottle or 2 :D
Hannah: Ok, quick visit at convenience store and I'm going home :D
Summary: Lukas sends Hannah a shopping list for groceries, some sweets and two beers. Hannah will buy them on her way home.
Dialogue: Leah: You got more marks than me :/
Mark: Yeah Ik
Leah: But I helped your during exams
Mark: I knew it all, was just making the answers confirm
Leah: :/
Mark: Are you done with the preparation of the next one?
Leah: No I havent
Summary: Leah helped Mark during exams. Mark got more marks than Leah. Leah hasn't finished preparing to the next exam. 
Dialogue: Monica: u wanna join? <file_other>
Cathie: not today darling, I've got shitloads of work to do:/ :/ :/
Monica: I see, good luck then!
Cathie: thx...have fun!
Monica: thx
Summary: Cathie can't join Monica today because she has a lot of work to do. 
Dialogue: William: <file_photo> Emma’s Christmas Cake, decoration all her own work🎄🎉
Jada: Great improvements! Last year I remember you had to guess the decorations. She is growing sooooo fast! Cutie!
Katherine: She buried Santa Claus 😏. Quite creepy.
William: He just crashed his sleigh Katherine. That’s what Emma told me anyway 😂🎅
Jada: He’s just going down under boom boom. You need to have kids to understand it!
Summary: Emma made a cake decoration with Santa Claus who crashed his sleigh.
Dialogue: Sophia: hey girl! How you getting on today?
Ella: I’m good! You ok?
Sophia: i’m fine. Do you wanna grab a coffee or something tomorrow morning?
Ella: yeah, why not. I’ve got some spare time in the morning
Sophia: 9 am. same place as always?
Ella: yeah, sounds brill! Sheila’s cafe. See you there hon!
Summary: Ella and Sophia will meet at Sheila's cafe tomorrow at 9 AM.
Dialogue: Oscar: can we atleast talk ?
Lilly: Please, just not now
Oscar: okay, i'll give you your time
Summary: Oscar will wait for a good moment to talk to Lilly.
Dialogue: Natalie: hi guys! We're preparing the party
Jeremy: great! will be fun!
Natalie: what do you want to drink?
Jeremy: whiskey?
Natalie: lol, are you Blake Carrington?
Jeremy: So you ask me what I want to drink, but then you say I can only drink beer?
Jeremy: quite a LOL
Natalie: ok, let it be whiskey, but I assume not everybody wants whiskey
Peter: I can drink beer or wine
Peter: I don't mind
Anne: I'll bring some vodka
Marzena: I'll bring some cherry liqueur made by my grandmother from Lublin
Anne: wow, sounds interesting!
Natalie: great!
Summary: Natalie is preparing the party. Jeremy wants to drink whiskey. Peter can drink beer or wine. Anne will bring some vodka. Marzena will bring some cherry liqueur made by her grandmother from Lublin.
Dialogue: Eve: hey love, just looking at my schedule, have to work on Jan 11th, how about you come 10th like in the evening?
Eve: i bet you will be sleeping anyways, and i'll be back from work by 5pm :D
Sue: actually i have classes in the morning on 11th and i was planning on coming just in time for the party
Eve: great! can't wait!
Sue: Mee too :D but Simon has to make a playlist
Eve: sure thing, Simon is ON IT, Beyonce and shit
Sue: he sure does know how to do it
Eve: ahahahha
Eve: the time when you were here and we all got drunk in the kitchen
Sue: and he started throwing stuff around
Sue: and I was like, here goes my banana
Eve: hahahahahah 
Eve: I want a redo this time
Sue: i'm counting on him. have to put some shit around for him to grab
Eve: ahahah he says he's down for that
Summary: On January 11th Eve has to work and Sue has classes in the morning. Eve is throwing a party in the evening. She will be back from work by 5 pm. Sue is coming. Simon will make a playlist.
Dialogue: Carson: did you know that there's something called thalassophobia?
Adam: what's this?
Carson: it's a phobia, a fear of the sea :o i'm pretty sure i have it!
Carson: i'm afraid of depths and i literally cannot step into the sea or any other body of water if their waters aren't crystal clear
Carson: once i've almost drowned, just because i panicked while swimming in the sea!!
Adam: how come? you're a great swimmer
Carson: because i realized that i couldn't feel the bottom under my feet and i had a feeling that there was something below me
Carson: some sea creature
Adam: creepy
Summary: Carson suspects that she has a thalassophobia.
Dialogue: Seth: i bought a new guitar...
Seth: <file_photo>
Jamie: How about you buy 1 good guitar instead of buying many cheap ones? :D
Austin: congrats :d what brand is that?
Seth: it's a hagstrom
Seth: XL-2P
Seth: it looks exactly the way i wanted my guitar to look <3
Austin: oh it's that swedish brand
Seth: yeah well jamie i can also afford a good guitar in addition to that, no problem, i just liked these ones :D
Jamie: Rich people...
Summary: Seth has bought a new Hagstrom XL-2P guitar. According to Jamie, he should have bought a better guitar.
Dialogue: Susan: Hello darling, I see that little Johnny is sitting n his own doorstep again, waiting for his mother to get in from work.
Victor: I don't know why she doesn't just give him a key instead of making him wait in the rain.
Susan: Can we invite him to supper, says Jeremy?
Victor: Sure, ask him to come in, give him a sandwich and when I get in then you can invite him to stay for family prayers.
Susan: Good idea. That way he will get to hear a bit of the Bible and learn how to pray.
Victor: Well, that's something he probably doesn't get at his own house.
Susan: Last time he came, he took quite an interest in that story of Elijah and the bears, didn't he?
Victor: Yes, the little chap made me laugh when he said "I'm never teasing any bald guy again".
Susan: How has your day been?
Victor: It was OK, not a bad conference. Obviously I am on the train now.
Susan: Hungry?
Victor: Starting to get that way. Obviously it's not worth even having a snack on these trains.
Susan: Did they feed you at lunch time?
Victor: Yes they put out a lot of food, but as I was speaking in the afternoon, I didn't want to eat too much.
Susan: Yes, I know the effect that can have on you, darling.
Victor: Yes, and that's all I need standing up in front of 200 vicars. 
Susan: They'll be saying "there's that Vic Marshall again, talking through his"
Victor: Darling!!
Victor: What about Little Johnny, hadn't you best be going and bringing him in, if it's raining? 
Susan: Oh! He's not there. His mother's car is parked in the street and she must have let him in.
Victor: Oh well, not today then. We can show him the Lord's favour the next time she comes back late from Lichfield.
Summary: Susan wants to invite little Johnny for supper as he is waiting for his mother at the doorstep again. Victor wants him to stay also for Bible reading. Victor is hungry on the train, coming back from the conference.
Dialogue: Zayden: Weird question maybe but don't you happen to have a spare keyboard lying around at home?
Kailee: Uhh... Dunno if you could call it a spare one, but I don't really use my desktop too much...?
Kailee: What do you need it for?
Zayden: Mine doesn't seem to be working but I need to confirm if it's an issue with the keyboard or the computer itself.
Zayden: So if I could borrow yours for a while, it would be great. I just need to check one thing and I can give it back to you.
Kailee: Sure, I don't see why not
Summary: Zayden wants to borrow a keyboard from Kailee in order to check if there's a problem with his keyboard or the computer itself.
Dialogue: Lydia: why buying stuff is so complicated?
Lydia: I just wanna buy good backpack for laptop that is classy
Kiko: that's easy
Kiko: you don't wanna buy crap
Lydia: shouldn't that be easier?
Kiko: taking into consideration what's classy for you, yeah
Lydia: :(
Kiko: also, you want something without huge logo 
Lydia: true
Lydia: could you help me with that?
Kiko: all I can recommend it buys stuff that has description of the padded back
Kiko: many cool backpacks don't have it
Lydia: ok
Kiko: pick backpacks for travellers, they are water resistant and designed to have breatheable membrane
Lydia: so Vans won't work?
Kiko: depends on the model
Kiko: ask some friends that hike, they will know
Lydia: ok
Kiko: and you backpack should mention it's designed to carry laptop
Lydia: thanks
Lydia: I'll start with that
Summary: Lydia is planning to buy a backpack for laptop. She's considering Vans.
Dialogue: Patricia: hey, finished?
Zach: almost
Patricia: can u send it to me asap?
Zach: yeah sure
Zach: 10-15 mins
Patricia: ok thanks
Zach: ok i'm finished. sending.
Patricia: thanks a lot!!
Summary: Zach has finished and is sending it to Patricia. 
