Dialogue: Timothy: have you heard about the mass shootings?
Kimberly: duh
Kimberly: who didn't
Homer: you have to be more specific
Homer: there are more school shootings than other school events these days
Timothy: I'm talking about this California kid
Kimberly: incel strikes again
Homer: do you think his virginity is important here?
Kimberly: well yes because his note mentioned his incel status as something that defines him
Timothy: people are batshit insane these days
Homer: so you think he did it out of sexual frustration
Kimberly: he did it because he's mental that's for sure
Timothy: they are blaiming blue balls for everything
Homer: this incel culture is new to me
Kimberly: oh my sweet summer child
Kimberly: <file_other>
Kimberly: read and weep
Timothy: ignorance is a bliss in this case
Kimberly: true, but on the other hand, it won't last long
Homer: so you are telling me the number of frustrated, mental virgins is going up?
Timothy: YES
Kimberly: yep
Homer: ....fuck
Kimberly: congrats, you're officially an adult now
Homer: this article... I can't
Timothy: there goes his innocence
Timothy: I can almost hear it
Homer: I had no idea there are so many psychos like that
Kimberly: every woman knew that already because we know how horrifying dating can be
Kimberly: it's news only for men, tbh
Summary: There was a mass shooting in California. 
Dialogue: Stanley: hey, did you submit your insurance paperwork today?
Mafalda: yes, just did. it should go into effect on December 1.
Stanley: great. which one did you choose? 
Mafalda: the one with medium-level coverage
Stanley: that sounds reasonable
Mafalda: yes, its a pretty good deal
Stanley: will it include dental?
Mafalda: yes, but i had to pay extra of course.
Stanley: i see
Summary: Stanley's insurance will be effective starting from December 1, and it will include dental.
Dialogue: Joe: Hello
Chelsea: Hey Joe. Longtime
Joe: Yeah  I've been busy lately in school
Chelsea: Ooh really? When are you graduating?
Joe: 14th December this year. You can come if you want
Chelsea: Sure thing. I wouldn't miss it for the world
Joe: Thanks
Chelsea: It's nothing. BTW i heard that you moved in to a new place
Joe: Yes we did. We are now in Miami 🔥😂
Chelsea: I was thinking of visiting because this weekend I'm free😊
Joe: You can come any time you want "Mi casa es su casa"
Chelsea: Is Saturday okay with you?
Joe: Absolutely.
Chelsea: Okay see you then
Joe: Cool
Summary: Chelsea will come to Joe's graduation 14th December this year. Joe moved to Miami and Chelsea wants to visit him on Saturday.
Dialogue: Lisa: Hey there?
Steve: yea?
Lisa: Did professor give the homework?
Steve: Yeah he did, why didnt you come today?
Lisa: I was not feeling well
Steve: How are you feeling now?
Lisa: fine
Summary: Lisa felt bad. She didn't come to school. The professor gave the homework. Now Lisa is feeling good.
Dialogue: Victoria: Mama can I borrow your red trench coat tonight?
Mama: I suppose you can.
Victoria: Thank you. Love you!
Mama: And take the red gloves too if you want. They're in the drawer on the left.
Victoria: Ta!
Summary: Victoria can borrow Mama's red trench coat and red gloves.
Dialogue: Matilda: When do we have that test in Trig?
Odin: This Friday.
Matilda: What? That's in two days! Uhh... I can't believe I forgot about it until now.
Odin: You can do it! Do you want me to help you?
Matilda: If it's not a problem, I'd love that. I'm completely hopeless when it comes to maths.
Summary: Odin will help Matilda to get prepared for their math test taking place in two days.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi Rachel
Rachel: Hi 
Daniel: I talked to Ben
Daniel: He says you’re not dating anymore
Rachel: So what?
Rachel: Is this why you text me?
Rachel: To get some details about my failed relationship??
Daniel: Not at all
Daniel: I just wanted to see if you were doing fine
Daniel: Me and Amy also split not a long time ago
Daniel: I know it can be really painful 
Daniel: But if you don’t want to talk about it
Daniel: I understand
Rachel: I don’t want to talk about it
Rachel: Are you coming to the party?
Daniel: It’s ok
Daniel: I apologize
Daniel: Yes I will be coming
Daniel: Do you want me to bring something?
Rachel: I have the food, but you could bring something to drink 
Daniel: Will do!
Summary: Rachel and Ben split up recently but she doesn't want to discuss it. Daniel and Amy broke up, too. Rachel will bring some food to the party, Daniel will bring something to drink.
Dialogue: Phoenix: What happened to that photo you sent me, it's disappeared
Tiana: It's snap chat
Phoenix: I know but I have the first one you sent me still
Tiana: I can't see ur photo also
Summary: Some of the photos Phoenix and Tiana have exchanged through Snapchat have disappeared.
Dialogue: Tom: hi kiddoes
Tom: Mum doesn't fell well
Tom: she went to a doctor this morning
Kelly: what's happened??
Tom: no need to worry, she's got cold
Tom: i'll come back late tody
Jim: want us to do sth at home?
Tom: yep, we need some things from grocery
Tom: we should discuss what we want to eat
Kelly: there's no meat
Kelly: I think that we ran out of milk as well
Jim: i can check what's in the fridge and make a shopping list. some suggestions? meat, milk...
Tom: we need eggs nad some fruits you like. we can have a quick pasta for dinner tonight so please buy spaghetti noodles
Kelly: bro, buy bread and sth for sandwichez
Jim: sure thing. will do shopping
Tom: thank you boy!
Jim: you owe me!
Summary: Tom informs his kids Kelly and Jim that mum doesn't feel well and she went to a doctor this morning. She's got a cold. Tom will come back late today and they need some groceries. Jim will check what's in the fridge and will do the shopping.
Dialogue: Rod: Hi, wanted to send you photos from yesterday's event
Victor: Hi
Victor: Go ahead
Rod: Do you want me to send them here or via email?
Victor: Create a folder in Google Drive
Rod: Great idea. This way I can share it to you and others
Victor: I'm a genious, right?
Rod: Haha, whatever you say 😄
Rod: <file_other>
Victor: Thanks
Summary: Rod is going to upload some photos from yesterday's event to Google Drive and share them with Victor and others.
Dialogue: Erin: Out milk and bread dad.
Sam: I'll get some on my way back from work.
Erin: Can you get me a Mars bar as well. Pls.
Sam: I might be able to :-)
Erin: Does that mean yes?
Sam: It means I might. ;-)
Erin: Dad! You're cruel!
Summary: Sam will buy milk, bread and probably a Mars bar for Erin on his way back from work.
Dialogue: Mary: do u have a red lipstick with u?
Ann: Always :)
Ann: Why?
Mary: I lost mine somewhere :(
Summary: Ann has always a red lipstick with her. Mary lost hers.
Dialogue: Caroline: You looked so fine in the pink Gucci pants at the gala tonight
Justina: thanks sis, you also looked amazing
Caroline: Love you
Justina: love you too
Summary: Caroline and Justina went to a gala tonight and both looked amazing.
Dialogue: Adam: Did you hear what happened?
Mandy: No. What are you talking about?
Adam: The travel agency Travel Life went bankrupt and Mike stayed in Egypt.
Adam: There is no way to go back, there is no hotel ...
Adam: Something horrible!
Mandy: He should go to our embassy,they will help him there.
Adam: That's probably what he will do ...
Summary: The travel agency Travel Life went bankrupt. Mike is in Egypt with no hotel or options to come back. He'll probably go to the embassy. 
Dialogue: Edgar: Hey Leo
Leo: Hey! Happy to hear from you
Edgar: The pleasure is mine! Are you going to the dinner at Elizabeth's?
Leo: Yeah, sure, she wrote to me the other day.
Edgar: That's great! I'll be happy to see you
Leo: You might be able to see Cameron and Rosie as well
Edgar: Yeah, Elizabeth is throwing a grand party in my honor it seems
Leo: Ha ha ha Indeed
Edgar: I'll see you there then
Leo: Yep. See you soon
Edgar: Cheers
Leo: xx
Summary: Edgar and Leo will meet at the party that Elisabeth is throwing in Edgar's honor. 
Dialogue: Julius: dude, your assessment of manutd
Lawrence: i have nothing to say, im so offended and hopeless of them this season
Julius: me too
Lawrence: i dont even know whats wrong with the team
Julius: the quality is there but nothing is happening
Lawrence: the players look tired of something
Julius:  with mourinhos conservative football!!
Lawrence: its so boring
Julius: so lifeless
Lawrence: man!!
Julius: it needs to change, hope the board sees it
Lawrence: sooner than later
Julius: yeah
Lawrence: yeah
Summary: Lawrence doesn't like the play of Manchester United. He and Julius complain about the team and Mourinho's style.
Dialogue: Helen: Jessica, R U there?
Jessica: No doubt about it
Jessica: I'm bored as fuck
Helen: Me and Patricia are playing tennis outside, wanna play?
Jessica: Sure, still better than nothing. I'll find some shoes and come
Helen: Fine
Summary: Jessica is joining Helen and Patricia who are playing tennis outside.
Dialogue: Lucille: But first I will go for another erasmus program next year hopefully.
Skyler: Hmm ok. What country ?
Lucille: Probably italy again because they offer me 10 month long staying
Skyler: Torino again ?
Lucille: Or 5 months in Malta or 5 months in Belfast. I will be choosing between those 3. Because I don't speak Spanish to go to Spain or french to go to France. Pavia this time in italy
Skyler: Oh ok
Lucille: But I would have to practice my Italian because I will have to study in this language. But no time for this because of studies
Skyler: Haha so what then? What will you do
Lucille: I don't know. I still have time
Skyler: Ok
Summary: Lucille went to Torino for her Erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year. She is considering a 10-month stay in Pavia in Italy, or a 5-month stay in Malta or Belfast. She does not want to go to Spain or France.
Dialogue: Lisa: how have you been?
Lisa: i haven't heard from you in a while
Jack: fine
Lisa: you sure?
Lisa: you're never this quiet
Jack: i've just been busy with school, friends, family...
Jack: you know, all that stuff :-/
Lisa: well, if you need anything i'm here for you
Jack: thanks
Summary: Lisa hasn't heard from Jack in a while, which is unusual for him. Jack's been busy.
Dialogue: Andrew: are you ready to go?
Luke: yup
Andrew: we're waiting for you in the car
Luke: I'm coming down right now
Summary: Andrew is waiting for Luke in the car.
Dialogue: Barry: Hi man, how's life?
Mahmoud: Pretty good, work's going well, and Aisha is pregnant!
Barry: Wow! Congrats man, so pleased for you!
Mahmoud: Thanks, we thought it would never happen, we've been married 9 years and were giving up hope.
Barry: Well, I am delighted for you both, I'll tell Sheila about it, we can go out for dinner to celebrate!
Mahmoud: Sounds great, man! How's the shop going?
Barry: Yeah, just taken on two new staff, two kids from college, they are pretty good so far.
Mahmoud: Problem is when they go to Uni you'll be left high and dry!
Barry: Bugger! Didn't think of that, well, they are 16 and 17, so a couple of years left yet, then I'll have to look for someone a bit more permanent.
Mahmoud: Sheila fancy going back full-time?
Barry: Nah, she's pissed off with stinking of fish and chips all the time, hates the place, frankly!
Mahmoud: Well you can't hate plaice if you're in a chippy!
Barry: 😆 What a comedian!
Mahmoud: You know Aisha would love to come back, but she's got bigger fish to fry!
Barry: Oh, my sides are splitting! Well, I imagine the Land Registry plays a bit better than I used to, more maternity leave too.
Mahmoud: You're right there. Well, best go, let's sort that meal out ASAP.
Barry: I'll tell Sheila and get back to you soon. See ya!
Mahmoud: See you man!
Summary: Mahmoud and Aisha are expecting a baby. They will go out for dinner with Barry and Sheila to celebrate. Barry has taken 2 college students to help out around his shop but will have to look for someone permanent in a couple of years. 
Dialogue: Warren: De Rossi was really good today...
Mattia: Well, Zuccarini needs to get in shape, he's our top midfielder, but lately he's too slow.
Hank: What about Baldarelli? Maybe he'd be the one to lead the team?
Warren: IDK... Last few matches he wasn't so brilliant...
Summary: Warren, Mattia and Hank comment on the game and players De Rossi, Zuccarini and Baldarelli.
Dialogue: Zack: are you sure the exam is next week?
Theo: pretty sure, why?
Zack: I don't know
Zack: I was under the impression that our professor is on leave until the end of the month
Theo: maybe someone else will do it
Theo: I don't think they need him for a written exam
Zack: you might be right
Zack: but that means that we don't have much time left to study for it
Theo: don't worry
Theo: from what I heard it's not that difficult
Zack: who told you that?
Theo: my sister's friend took it last year
Theo: and she claims it was one of the easiest one
Zack: maybe for her
Zack: I'm still not confident about it
Theo: we'll see
Theo: there's no point in speculating
Theo: or worrying in advance
Summary: Zack and Theo are taking the exam next week.
Dialogue: John: Congrats! the panel was great
Joan: Thank you, I'm happy you liked it
John: Your presentation was the best
Joan: thanks, Anita had a nice one too
John: hmm, she had nice examples but not a great analysis though 
Joan: I think it was quite good, she just doesn't want to go too far with conclusions yet
John: you think so?
Joan: I know, she hasn't finished the research yet
John: ok, so it's a thing to observe then
Joan: definitely, because she found amazing stuff in the archives
John: Do you think she will be make a book of it
Joan: I encouraged her to write one, yes
John: very good!
Summary: John liked Joan's presentation at the panel. Joan also liked Anita's presentation. Anita hasn't finished her research yet and Joan already encouraged her to write a book. 
Dialogue: Lucas: Hey Sarah, have you seen Stranger Things?
Sarah: Sure, it’s absolutely awesome!
Sarah: It’s scary when it means to be scary and it’s also endearing when it means to be endearing. It’s an absolute delight to watch 😊
Lucas: It’s an amazing early 80s throwback, don’t you think?
Sarah: It’s in the same convention as Lost or Under the Dome
Lucas: I liked the ‘80s very much, especially music from that time
Sarah: Sure, I think that music from the ‘80s was amazing
Lucas: Is Netflix planning to make the 3rd season?
Sarah: Yes, it’s one of the most popular series on Netflix
Summary: Sarah and Lucas watched Stranger Things and they like the 80's convention. Netflix will play the 3rd season.
Dialogue: Tracy: I had an idea of going to my hometown in the evening on Friday instead of going there in the morning
Joe: Noooo. Hahah I want to go to a club
Tracy: So max at 9.30 am we need to go to my hometown 😀 on Saturday
Joe: Yes no problem
Tracy: at 11 am I will leave you with my little brother who speaks English because  I will go to a dentist for 40 mins
Joe: yes
Tracy: then we will start preparing the party 😜 and people will come at 5 pm
Joe: No problem I can take advantage also to have a nap
Tracy: sure yes. On sunday morning at 9.30 am 😀 we need to go to Warsaw 😀 at 11 am I need to be in a theatre (and you will go there with me) for my trial 😜 ok?
Joe: Wow.....
Tracy: or if you don't want then you will go to have a walk somewhere in the city 😜
Joe: Which language?
Tracy: portuguese
Joe: Ok
Tracy: And in the late afternoon i will take you to one place 😀hopefully you like salsa, bachata, kizomba, or if not the view is great 😜
Joe: Yes. Great
Tracy: But do you like this kind of music?
Joe: I dance salsa
Tracy: ok so you will have fun there
Joe: Can you reserve a table at the restaurant for tonight?
Tracy: ok, what time? I will be home at 7 pm
Joe: around 9 pm?
Tracy: yes, it's like 30 min to get to the restarant from my place. We can go to a club after the dinner🙂
Joe: Sure, we can go there for a drink
Summary: Tracy wants to go to her hometown on Saturday at 9.30 am. Tracy has a dentist's appointment at 11. Then Tracy and Joe will start preparing the party. Tracy needs to go to Warsaw Sunday at 9.30 am as she has a trial in a theatre at 11 am. Tracy will book a table for tonight at 9 pm.
Dialogue: O'Neill: Is everything ok?
O'Neill: I didn't hear back from you
O'Neill: <file_gif>
Ted: Hey
Ted: I have been really busy today
Ted: Sorry..
Ted: Yes everything is fine ;)
Ted: I'll send you a photo later on :)
O'Neill: Great!! 👏
Summary: O'Neill is worried about not having heard from Ted. Ted is fine and is going to send a photo later.
Dialogue: Betty: Guys, I'm ill, won't make it today
Nate: Poor you :(
Charles: No worries, we'll go next week as well!
Laura: Get well soon dear, let me know if you need anything <3
Summary: Betty can't come today.
Dialogue: Mason: I'm looking for a university grant in Europe, can you recommend anything?
Peter: sure, Denmark has the best offers
Lia: seems to be true indeed, I've heard this from so many friends
Jeff: Germany has quite good offers as well
Peter: yes, but Denmark does not only offer free universities but a lot of options to finance your life there
Mason: but isn't Copenhagen a shithole?
Peter: hahaha, the capital not that much
Peter: but there are some unis outside Copenhagen, in smaller towns like Aarhus etc.
Mason: god, to move there from NYC could be a real shock
Peter: for sure
Lia: but shocks are sometimes good
Mason: maybe you're right
Mason: I'll research it
Peter: do it!
Summary: Mason needs a European university grant recommendation. Lia and Peter think Denmark is the best, Jeff also likes Germany. Danish universities are free and there are many ways to finance your life there. University locations include i.a. Copenhagen and Aarhus. Mason worries about leaving NY.
Dialogue: Jasper: <file_other>
Jasper: omg i need to play it right now xd
Ivan: ohhh
Ivan: yeah me2 ofc but the time...
Ivan: we're not in high school anymore :(
Jasper: fuck that :D
Jasper: you waste your time anyway
Ivan: no i don't
Jasper: doing useless things like working for example
Ivan: yeah right
Jasper: so ready? what are you gonna play? shaman or warlock?
Jasper: <file_other>
Ivan: ehh
Ivan: you?
Jasper: hunter or warrior can't decide ;/
Jasper: think i'll try sth new, i've always played the warrior
Ivan: cuz warrior's amazing :P
Jasper: fuck i know...
Ivan: i'll go shaman
Jasper: deathbringer? :D
Ivan: ofc xd
Ivan: let's look for a good server
Jasper: hahahaha
Jasper: :D
Ivan: goodbye free time
Jasper: :P
Summary: Jasper and Ivan are going to play an online game together.
Dialogue: Cooper: Em, it's a disaster. :<
Cooper: Take a look <file_other>
Emery: :o what happend?
Cooper: Idk it just exploded! I think I added too much yeast and milk.
Emery: Do you want me to buy ready-made pizza dough? Nobody will notice, that it's not homemade.
Cooper: Yeah, I give up. Thanks! ;)
Summary: Emery will buy ready-made pizza dough for Cooper. 
Dialogue: Richard: Is anyone saying she represents all women?
Richard: The point of this article isn't that she's flawed it's that feminists didn't call her out because she is a woman and therefore above criticism.
Anne-Sohpie: Richard some comments are saying it.
Anne-Sohpie: And many feminists have been criticising her ever since her book cake out as she is anything but intersectional.
Bhagya: Straight to the point 👏
Sara:  This is what “leaning in” is all about. She was never into actual feminist ethics. This isn’t feminism. Sara: This is women participating in patriarchal capitalism.
Sara: Get it straight. Do your homework.
Sean:  Sara it's simply capitalism. Shock horror women are as big arseholes as men when in possession of money and power.
Myra: Sean Not all women.
Anne-Sohpie: 'Not real Feminism' is the new 'not real socialism'
Sean: Myra Armstrong obviously. There are arseholes among every group.
Janusz: Sara "patriarchal capitalism" - what's that?....lol 
Richard: Businesswoman can be just as corrupt as businessmen. It's nothing to do with "the patriarchy"
Daniel: Janusz it s where market forces which are equally driven by women are somehow decided only to benefit men by people with tiny brains
Summary: Richard, Anne-Sohpie, Bhagya, Sara, Sean, Janunsz, Daniel and Myra disagree on matters connected with feminism.
Dialogue: Harvey: I'm going to be late, can someone reserve a seat for me?
Cathy: I'm running late as well. Anyone?
Tammy: I'm already here.
Sylvester: And one for me, please!
Tammy: Haha, okay, three seats it is then. But next week it's me who's going to sleep in ;)
Summary: Tammy has reserved three seats for Harvey, Cathy and Sylvester who will be late.
Dialogue: Mike: A cigarette after math?
Ian: Sure!
Mike: Great!
Summary: Mike and Ian will have a cigarette after math.
Dialogue: Leo: Where is Lia?
Lia: France LOL
Tom: No way!!! we all came to your place with a surprise!
Summary: Everyone came to Lia's to surprise her but she's in France.
Dialogue: Valerie: Hello everyone, Uma is leaving soon so I was thinking about some kind of farewell gift for her
Cam: Very nice of you
Dominic: I guess it's a nice gesture but I don't know her very well
Samuel: let's just have a cake or sth
Cam: I think she likes flowers
Valerie: cake's good
Dominic: you read my mind Sam
Cam: so it's a cake and kokedama classes then
Valerie: whoa, how fancy!
Dominic: :O cool
Samuel: nailed it
Summary: Cam decided to give Uma a cake and kokedama classes as a farewell gift.
Dialogue: Tilda: how was your date?
Keanu: I was stood up
Tilda: wtf
Keanu: I finished my rose latte and went home
Tilda: that's terrible
Keanu: as soon I came home I burst into tears
Keanu: I feel so humiliated
Tilda: maybe sth happened
Tilda: and if that person acts this way it's better sooner or later to find out
Keanu: dating is exhausting
Keanu: and not dating is exhausting too
Tilda: I'm sorry
Keanu: I feel like shit
Tilda: it doesn't reflect your value
Tilda: try to remember that
Summary: Keanu is sad because his date didn't show up. He drank his coffee and went home to cry.
Dialogue: Jonas: Do you fancy going out tonight?
Rose: sure, any place in mind?
Jonas: not yet, give me a minute.
Rose: okay
Summary: Jonas and Rose will go out tonight.
Dialogue: James: hi, how is Berlin?
Lily: Good, I like it it a lot. BTW, how is my palm?
James: It's good, I water it every Sunday.
Lily: Thank you very much! You're so kind.
James: No problem, enjoy Germany and don't worry about the palm! it's taken care of :)
Lily: :*
Summary: Lily is visiting Berlin. James waters her palm every Sunday.
Dialogue: Aggie: wanna come with me to a caligraphy course
Lisa: not really no
Aggie: oh come on
Lisa: doesn't really appeal to me 
Aggie: please just come one time
Lisa: you really need to start doing things on your won
Aggie: I know 
Aggie: But I'm not going to change overnight
Aggie: so you might as well come
Lisa: lol
Lisa: you are impossible
Aggie: so will you come
Lisa: fine
Lisa: when? where?
Aggie: Tuesday at the rec centre
Lisa: at what time?
Aggie: 8pm
Lisa: ok see ya there
Aggie: great see ya
Summary: Aggie invited Lisa to join her on a calligraphy course but Lisa wasn't really interested. Eventually, she agreed to be there on Tuesday at 8 pm.
Dialogue: Taylor: Will you watch Ben10 tonight?
Owen: I would not be at home tonight
Taylor: Oh :/
Summary: Owen will not watch Ben10 tonight, as he will not be at home.
Dialogue: Russ: Train's coming and you're still not here
Walter: This bus is taking FOREVER. It's pulling up now.
Russ: Ok, I'll try to stall it until you come.
Walter: Great, thanks a ton!
Summary: Walter is running late for the train because the bus is taking forever. Russ will try to stall the train.
Dialogue: Albert: hi everybody! we're meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am
Albert: please don't be late!
Owen: sooo early :O
Frederick: hi albert! ok, thanks for the info!
Owen: i'll try :D
Albert: owen... ;)
Caleb: hey, cool, i'll be there
Finlay: hey, hey
Finlay: i'm not sure atm if i'll be able to come ;/
Finlay: been feeling a bit sick since yesterday :(
Frederick: noo you have to come!
Caleb: yeah :O
Caleb: it's not gonna be the same without you, come on finlay!
Finlay: heh, i know, i'll let you know tomorrow morning i guess...
Albert: oh! fingers crossed!
Frederick: let us pray!
Caleb: :D
Finlay: :D
Summary: Finlay is not feeling well, so he's not sure if he will be able to come to central railway station at 7am to meet with Albert, Owen, Frederick and Caleb.
Dialogue: Malia: Have you got  prom partner for yourself?
Colby: Nope, 
Malia: :/
Colby: Wbu?
Malia: same
Colby: Have you asked Edward?
Malia: Nope
Colby: Should I ask him about you?
Malia: Dont tell her I asked you to do so
Colby: dont worry
Malia: k
Colby: Whom should I go with?
Malia: What about Lilli?
Colby: She wont be coming 
Malia: Why
Colby: She has to go somewhere else
Malia: Oke
Colby: See you at prom night then
Malia: Bye
Summary: Malia and Colby don't have prom partners yet. Colby is going to ask Edward on Malia's behalf.
Dialogue: Ralph: So Ms. May strikes again.
Shirley: What do you mean?
Ralph: Stands by her convictions until it gets too rough and then caves.
Shirley: I don't think she's caving, just not willing to let the vote get messy.
Ralph: Messy??? Its a dumpster fire!
Shirley: Agreed, but what else can she do?
Ralph: Well, she's backed herself into a corner. PM's won't vote for it and EU isn't going to change anything.
Shirley: I think she'll finally resign.
Ralph: Not a chance.
Shirley: I don't think she has a choice. Let someone else be in charge and come up with a better deal.
Ralph: She's tried and failed, but I think she's too stubborn.
Shirley: Possibly.
Ralph: She hasn't resigned yet and she didn't even agree with Brexit!
Shirley: I know but this is different. Its her deal.
Ralph: True, but I don't think she will resign.
Ralph: Just look at the history.
Shirley: My money is on her resigning. She already has a poor legacy so why not quit while you're ahead?
Ralph: Want to lay money on it?
Shirley: Sure. I'm pretty confident she will go.
Ralph: Okay - 50 says she stays and comes up with a new deal. 
Shirley: My 50 says she goes within a week!
Ralph: You're on!
Shirley: Good! We'll see!
Ralph: We certainly will...
Summary: Shirley bets 50 that Theresa May will resign within a week, whereas Ralph bets 50 that she will stay and come up with a new deal related to Brexit. May didn't agree with Brexit.
Dialogue: John: <file_other>
John: this blog is awesome
Ewan: I know this one
John: <file_other>
John: thats the trip I want to do next year
Ewan: man you need like 3 weeks of holidays :)
John: I can just quit this shitty job ;)
Ewan: <file_other>
Ewan: check out this one
Ewan: the guy is obsessed with the world's most remote islands
Ewan: he's been on south pacific, indian ocean
Ewan: and now waiting for a ship to tristan da cunha
John: I saw a documentary about it on tv
John: amazing place, no escape from there
Ewan: and no chance to find you once you get there ;)
Summary: John wants to go on a trip next year. He and Ewan are following a blog of a person who travels to remote islands.
Dialogue: Lucy: he always says sth funny :)
Grace: <file_gif>
Lucy: <file_gif>
Grace: maybe he's hidden comedian
Lucy: Maybe :D
Grace: he should try in Got Talent or sth
Lucy: <file_gif>
Summary: He is funny and should try in Got Talent.
Dialogue: Tim: Did you know that mum has a new boyfriend?
Tom: I discovered yesterday
Tammy: I knew 😉
Summary: Tim's mum has a new boyfriend. Tom and Tammy already knew.
Dialogue: Kim: I calculated: I owe you 84 ! :-O
Kelly: OMG not too much?
Kim: 34+21+9+20
Kelly: Damn... And we only went to an innocent cinema....
Kim: Exactly! City life, eh! Thats why i dont get out of my flat :D
Kelly: :D
Kim: Transfer or cash?
Kelly: I could visit you haha
Kim: (Y)
Summary: Kim owes Kelly 84.
Dialogue: Nadine: <file_photo>
Nadine: Shar Peis
Donna: I nearly got one of those. A family across my road have 2 of them.  Lovely dogs
Donna: <file_photo>
Donna: That my Treacle. Had Stafford’s for years, she’s 1 years old. Good your a dog person 🐾
Nadine: Love them my babies xx lol
Donna: Can’t beat dogs, their ace. Better than humans 🐶
Nadine: Too true I've just adopted the fat one lol and yesterday they were playing and knocked over my kilts..  Molly decided to have a good sniff now her nose is yellow
Nadine: <file_photo>
Nadine: Now I can't get her clean lol
Nadine: Lilys I meant lol
Donna: The fat one lol 🤣 I thought kilts? Must be a local custom thing
Nadine: Lol.. no just Morris dancing
Donna: Can’t beat a bit of that. Could be worse, you could live in Nottingham!!One day hope to move back to Cornwall
Nadine: Really I was in Tintagel for 4 years I loved it
Summary: Nadine owns two Shar peis. Donna owns a Staffordshire Bull Terrier. Lately, one of Nadine's dog got it's nose dirty while playing and knocked over kilts Nadine uses for Morris dancing. Nadine used to live in Tintagel for 4 years and enjoyed it.
Dialogue: Naomi: Hi Lottie love! Can't go to the meeting after school, sorry, Tyler's ill.
Lottie: Oh, poor baby! What's wrong?
Naomi: Well, the school called cos he'd been sick after lunch - all over the classroom - he was so embarrassed. 
Lottie: How is he now?
Naomi: Not brilliant, he's sicked up again twice more.
Lottie: Try not to give him any food, just cooled, boiled water. They told us that when Xander was ill.
Naomi: Yes, that's what I'm doing. No complaints, so he must be ill, he'd normally be after the crisps and fruit shoots by now!
Lottie: Watch his temperature too, do you have Calpol in?
Naomi: Oh yes, always got it, essential kit isn't it? I only give it to him when he's really poorly, though.
Lottie: Me too. Hope he's better soon, anyway, Xand will miss him in school, they always play together, he tells me.
Naomi: I've got to keep him off for at least 2 days, but he might be ok Thurs or Fri, we'll see!
Lottie: Does he get bored at home?
Naomi: No never! He loves it, this is like a holiday to him!
Lottie: Well, love to you both, hope to see you at the end of the week.
Naomi: Bye, love!
Summary: Naomi won't go to the meeting after school because Tyler is sick and she will watch over him. He might get better till Thursday or Friday. Xand will miss him at school.
Dialogue: Teddy: Auntie Gertie is coming to England this summer!
Delma: Cool! I haven't seen her for years
Greg: Where is she going to stay?
Teddy: With my parents at the beginning 
Teddy: But I think she wants to visit all of us
Delma: She's welcome to stay with us
Delma: I'll give her a call later
Delma: It's early in America now 
Summary: Auntie Gertie is coming to England this summer. Delma will call her later.
Dialogue: Claire: Hey, wanna go ice skating? :)
Penny: Today?
Claire: Yeah!
Penny: Sorry, dear, I can't today. It's Mike's birthday and I'm really busy.
Claire: Oh, it's a shame. Jack and Tina are going.
Penny: Maybe next time then?
Claire: Sure! We're testing all ice rinks in the city, so you can join us in our hunt for the best place ;)
Penny: With pleasure! Which one have you tested so far? ;)
Claire: Alexandra Park, National History Museum, going to the Crystal Palace today.
Penny: Cool place! I've been there couple of times.
Penny: Do you have your own skates?
Claire: Jack and I do, but Tina's quite reluctant to buy a pair.
Penny: Hm, if she likes it, she definitely should buy her own. It's quite disgusting when you think about using someone else's skates... Especially if you go to so many places.
Penny: Crystal Palace is great, but not with the hygiene...
Claire: Oh, is that so? Maybe this will convince Tina. I think she just hasn't made up her mind if she wants to continue or not.
Penny: I see. Ok, have to go, Mike will be here in an hour
Claire: Tell him I wish him happy birthday! See you, have fun!
Summary: Claire is testing ice skating rinks. She's already been to Alexandra Park and National History Museum. She is going to the Crystal Palace today. She wants Penny to join her, Jack, and Tina but Penny is busy with Mike's birthday preparations. Jack and Claire have their own skates, Tina doesn't.
Dialogue: Stacey: <file_photo>
Stacey: if you didn't have any plans for the 15th of January, then now you have
Florence: HELL NO Twenty One Pilots in Poland
Florence: I'm out
Denique: :o
Denique: no way!!!!! how much are the tickets?
Stacey: 50$
Florence: hmm...not that bad
Denique: I'm totally in
Stacey: cool, if we buy the tickets now the price will be lower
Florence: k let's do it
Denique: okk
Florence: hey, how about dressing ourselves as them? xD
Denique: sound cool, but it's the three of us and these are only two guys xDDDD 
Stacey: I guess one of us will be Tyler, the other one Josh, and the third one......drums XDDDDD or a mic xD
Florence: I WANT TO BE DRUMS
Denique: AHAHAHA ok I dare not to disagree xD
Summary: Florence, Stacy and Denique are going to the Twenty One Pilots concert. Tickets are 50$. They talk about dressing as the band.
Dialogue: Lucy: Can you come to my home, doctor?
Ian: Is everything alright?
Lucy: I am afraid, I cant right now.
Ian: I will come, where there is someone to take care of the clinic
Lucy: When should I expect you?
Ian: Can i come at night after closing the clinic
Ian: I remember now that my assistant is on leave today
Lucy: My daughter is so sick
Ian: I will try to come ASAP
Ian: Dont worry
Lucy: Would be waiting
Lucy: Thank you doctor
Ian: Ok see you tonight
Summary: Ian will come to Lucy tonight. Her daughter is very sick. Ian's assistant is on leave today.
Dialogue: Michael: We're leaving in 15 min
Mike: are you taking the dog?
Lexi: yes, Polly is going with us
Lexi: so you only have to take care of the plants
Lexi: I left you a list how to water every of them
Mike: that sounds scary
Lexi: it only sounds scary, but it's not difficult, you'll see
Mike: how often should I visit?
Lexi: twice a week will be perfect
Mike: Ok, I though every day, like Monday- this palm, Tuesday - thins palm etc...
Lexi: no, I'm not so insane, and they are not so needy
Lexi: The best would be if you come by on Tuesdays and Fridays
Mike: ok, no problem
Lexi: thanks a lot
Mike: enjoy Barbados! and send me pictures
Summary: Lexi and Michael are leaving with the dog in 15 minutes. Lexi left Mike instructions on how to water the plants. Mike will visit on Tuesdays and Fridays to do it. Lexi and Michael are going to Barbados. 
Dialogue: Lea: Are you going to order anything from FitMe?
Carl: Yeah, you need anything?
Lea: I'm running out of protein shakes, so I was thinking about ordering some more. Could you get me three banana flavoured, three strawberry and five chocolate ones?
Carl: Ok, need anything else?
Lea: I read on instagram there's a company that sells fit versions of junk food, like raspberry jelly etc. Have you tried it?
Carl: Do you remember their name?
Lea: Unfortunately I don't :(
Carl: Hm... I have something in mind. Is it them? <file_other>
Lea: Yup! Have you tried their products?
Carl: A couple of things, pancakes, whipped cream, jelly, I think they're really good, but I wouldn't treat them as a proper fit food ;)
Lea: Could you please order the pancake mix for me anyway? Thanks! :)
Summary: Carl is going to make an order from FitMe. He will get three banana flavoured, three strawberry and five chocolate protein shakes for Leah. He will also get her pancake mix from a company which sells fit versions of junk food. 
Dialogue: Vanessa: Hi Darcy, can you recommend any places to ear in Florence?
Vanessa: to EAT!
Darcy: Hi! I was there like... 6 years ago :) Marcus do you remember any nice place?
Marcus: The one close to that old church... haha 
Darcy: yeah, so funny... wait a sec Vanessa I'm going to check in google maps
Vanessa: ok, don't bother, let me know if you remember anything nice and affordable
Marcus: Darcy where was that one with that mexican family? close to that old bridge?
Darcy: it's called ponte vecchio... 
Marcus: could be. whatever :)
Darcy: I know what you mean, just found it in google: Trattoria Boboli, via romana 45R
Vanessa: ok, thanks a lot! we're going in 2 weeks. 
Darcy: why don't you ask Natalie? she lived there for a couple of months
Vanessa: oh really?? I didn't know that :)
Marcus: that was like 50 years ago... ok maybe 15 ;)
Darcy: are you going anywhere else in TUscany?
Vanessa: I don't think so, not this time, it's just 4 days
Darcy: for me 2 days was enough for FLorence. why don't you go to Siena? it's fantastic and you can go there by train. it's cheap and fast.
Marcus: totally agree. Siena was great.
Summary: Vanessa is going to spend 4 days in Florence. Darcy recommends a restaurant called Trattoria Boboli near the Ponte Vecchio and suggests they visit Siena. Natalie might be able to give further recommendations.
Dialogue: Adam: need a drink
Adam: wanna go to Paddys?
Will: sure 
Will: 7?
Adam: sounds good
Will: c ya there
Summary: Adam and Will are going to Paddys at 7.
Dialogue: Joe: we need to clear the freaking basement
Chris: let me know if I can help out
Joe: it's a mess, I mean, it will take ages to get that shit out of there
Chris: Why?
Joe: there is literally EVERYTHING there, some crap my dad used to collect, hundreds of jars, old notes....
Chris: maybe we should just burn it down and rebuild it
Joe: that would probably be the quickest way
Chris: Karen would probably not be too happy about it though hahahahhah
Summary: Joe wants their basement cleared up. Chris suggests burning the basement down and rebuilding it.
Dialogue: Stanley: Hey :) Do you still need those jars?
Stanley: You wrote on our group that you need some...
Poppy: Hi! I saw your earlier message. Basically, right not I don't reallu know. I received a couple jars and I haven't used any of them yet...
Poppy: I'll lett you know if I need any more.
Poppy: Definitely some time this week. And if I don't need them, I'll let you know too. Ok?
Stanley: It's fine :)I was just wondering if you read my answer or not :P 
Stanley: The jars aren't going anywhere, I just figured that I'ld write to let you know that I have some available ones
Poppy: Thanks alot! I forgot to answer :( sorry!
Stanley: Really, no problem :) Seeing as I've caught you, do you know if we have a meeting this week?
Stanley: (Last year the meetings were on the third Thursday of every month...
Poppy: I don't know how it'll be this year. Maybe it's not decided yet.
Stanley: Aha :)
Stanley: Ok, thanks
Summary: Poppy will let Stanley know if she needs more jars. Stanley and Poppy don't know if they have a meeting this week.
Dialogue: Dean: You OK man, how's life.
Russell: Great! How's the missus?
Dean: Very sore, but she's coming home tomorrow.
Russell: Give her our love, looking forward to seeing the results LOL
Dean: We all are, 5 grand it cost her! She was beautiful before imo. See you later? Mum can babysit tonight!
Russell: Yep, few drinks, you won't be coming out for a bit, I expect. See you at 9ish, man.
Summary: Dean's wife is coming home tomorrow after a procedure that cost her $5000. Dean and Russel will see each other tonight around 9 for drinks. 
Dialogue: Hanna: heyyy
Emma: heyyyoo
Hanna: whats upp :)
Emma: Not so much! just watching youtube hah 
Hanna: oh yea what u watching?
Emma: Jake Paul lol
Hanna: ahh you like him??
Emma: ehh kinda but I watched Shawn Dawson video on him and I loved it so I thought I give him a try lol 
Hanna: ahh yes I watched those to it was soo good I really liked it 
Emma: did you watch the jeffery star one? 
Hanna: gurrll
Emma: hahah
Hanna: yes I watched it its crazy how much money that guy has haha
Emma: rigghhhttt thats what I was saying I didn't think he was that rich haha :P
Hanna: me either! XDD
Summary: Emma is watching Jake Paul on youtube because she liked Shawn Dawson's video on him. Hanna also liked Shawn's videos, e.g., about Jeffree Star, who is surprisingly rich.
Dialogue: Lionel: What's your name?
Simona: You see my channel right?
Lionel: Yeah, what's your name?
Simona: Like, the one in the channel, dude. 
Summary: Simona's channels name is her real name too.
Dialogue: Sara: Have you been in the dressing up box again Clare ?
Ceri: It looks so like you Hun 😂 xxx
Marsha: Now why didn’t you wear that yesterday??? 😉 
Mary: Guess why :P
Marsha: oh and the place I was trying to remember is called Hang Fire.
Clare: I wonder 😀. Excellent. Can’t wait to try it. Let me know when works for you two x
Marsha: we’ll get something booked in xx
Elizabeth: Definitely in the pink. xxxx
Summary: Sara, Ceri, Marsha, Mary, Clare and Elizabeth wanna try Hang Fire.
Dialogue: Meg: I will come of course <3
Hanna: I forgot to add that you can bring your cool significant someone, +1 :P of course (Y) (Y) (Y)
Maia: Thanks. when declaration deadline?
Hanna: the end of October, but you dont have to register on any website or pay a fee anywhere, the party is for free :'D :'D
Maia: (Y)
Natasha: and how to measure coolness of the significant other? ;)
Matt: thank you for the invitation, im touched, im putting a note in my calendar. hope to see each other then.
Hanna: try a tailors tape measure, its long enough ..
Matt: I have a wife only, so Ill come alone :'D oopsie, did i just write that?
Summary: Meg and Matt will come to Hanna's party. Maia has yet to decide. Natasha is also invited and so are everybody's partners. 
Dialogue: Caleigh: Did you plan anything for us for the weekend? Anything you'd like to do?
Pete: Bike ride?
Caleigh: Sounds good. I'd like that. Where?
Pete: Maybe let's take a train to get us out if the city?
Caleigh: Great idea! 
Pete: You can choose the direction!
Caleigh: South!
Pete: (thumb up) Skierniewice for example?
Caleigh: (thumb up)
Pete: OK, I'll check timetables. Do we want to come back by train as well?
Caleigh: Hm, I don't know. But I think yes. Skierniewice is quite far. We can have a look around and then chatch a train from another station.
Pete: I like the idea.
Caleigh: Do we plan it for the whole day?
Pete: Rather. 
Caleigh: Okey. Do you want to have a picnic somwhere.
Pete: Awsome idea!
Caleigh: :D OK, I'll take care of that! 
Pete: :D
Summary: Pete and Caleigh will go for a bike ride during the weekend. They will take a train to Skierniewice. They will have a picnic somewhere.
Dialogue: Brittany: Gabriel, I think there's something bad happening to our neighbours!
Gabriel: What do you mean?
Brittany: They started shouting and screaming at each other as usual, but suddenly everything went quiet!
Gabriel: That's odd indeed, did you try knocking on their door?
Brittany: Are you crazy, I don't want to get hit with a pan!
Gabriel: Call the police then to stay on the safe side
Summary: Brittany's neighbors were screaming and shouting and suddenly everything went quiet. Gabriel suggested calling the police.
Dialogue: Edgar: I'ld say you were jealous, but then again, I've never seen you jealous before. 
Edgar: So... what gives? :/
Kassidy: It's nothing.
Edgar: Nope, it's clearly something. What gives??
Kassidy: It's possible that a teeny tiny part of me jealous. So like I said, it's nothing.
Edgar: Ha I knew it!!
Kassidy: You think this is funny?
Edgar: No! Look, a teeny tiny part of me is kinda flattered :)
Edgar: But you have nothing to worry about - pinkie swear ;) 
Edgar: (and you know I'ld never break a pinkie swear ;) )
Kassidy: You do take your pinkie swears pretty seriously... :)
Edgar: Exactly ;)
Summary: Kassidy is a little bit jealous because of Edgar. He swears she has nothing to worry about. It's a pinkie swear, which he takes very seriously.
Dialogue: Kimberly: Rose, do you have time tomorrow to meet your best friend?
Rose: Sure, but I have dancing classes after work
Rose: I'll be be free at 7:30 p.m.
Kimberly: Fantastic!
Rose: How about we go on a salsa party?
Kimberly: Gr8 
Kimberly: But you need to teach me the basics of salsa first :)
Rose: That's not so difficult :)
Rose: The party starts at 9 p.m.
Kimberly: I'll pick you up at 7:45, ok?
Rose: Perfect!
Kimberly: ok bye
Rose: bye
Summary: Kimberley and Rose are meeting tomorrow to go to a salsa party. She will be free after her dancing classes at 7: 30 pm, so he will pick her up at 7:45.
Dialogue: Alice: what's up honey? how are you?
Alice: honey? u there?
Hannah: i've asked you not to call me that
Hannah: so please stop
Alice: lol jk ;-) relax honey
Hannah: STOP IT!!!
Hannah: what do you want? i'm not in a good mood
Alice: i wanted to see if i could borrow your math book
Alice: i lost mine and i need to study for tomorrow's quiz
Hannah: sure
Hannah: but you have to promise you won't call me honey anymore
Hannah: promise?
Alice: promise ;-)
Hannah: i'll be here all day
Hannah: pick it up whenever
Summary: Alice wants to borrow Hannah's math book, because she has lost hers and she needs to study for tomorrow's quiz. Hannah will lend it, if Alice stops calling her honey.
Dialogue: Imogen: stop hitting on my bf u sluts
Barbra: wtf r u talking about? :DDDDD
Carmen: pipe down girl
Barbra: I'm a lesbian
Carmen: who is your bf?
Carmen: I never hit on guys when I know they are taken
Imogen: you're lying you were trying to sleep with Jorge on David's party
Barbra: sorry to break that to u but it was the other way around
Carmen: if he's your bf then my condolences
Barbra: I don't know what to tell u to prove I don't like dicks
Carmen: <file_photo>
Carmen: does that look like ME hitting on HIM?
Barbra: probably u caught him doing sth shady and he's looking for a scapegoat
Imogen: I can't believe it we had our third anniversary yesterday
Barbra: look girl grab some drinks with your girlfriends and dump his stupid ass
Carmen: he's an ass and it's not your fault just ghost him
Imogen: but shouldn't i talk with him first?
Carmen: I sent u screens of him trying to fuck me, if you talk with him he'll be all sorry and sweet
Carmen: he will soften u, promise u anything and he'll try to cheat on u again
Imogen: i feel sooooo stupid ;___;
Barbra: oh dear
Carmen: don't be sad, get mad on this prick
Barbra: <file_gif>
Imogen: sorry guys im gonna go and think about it
Carmen: sure
Barbra: take care girl
Summary: Jorge was hitting on Carmen on David's party and she has screens to prove it. Barbra is not interested in him because she's gay.
Dialogue: Arthur: <file_other>
Tom: wtf was that :D:D
Robert: 0:43 omg that scream...!!!
Arthur: xDD
Summary: Arthur sent a file.
Dialogue: John: Hi, how are you?
Martin: Destroyed. 
John: Hahah, why.
Martin: I've had so much work in the last few days, I just can't anymore
John: Where are you now?
Martin: At the office, of course
John: Why of course? it's almost 9
Martin: John, I live here now
John: God, sounds serious
Martin: It is, believe me
John: When will it end?
Martin: I've no idea. When we finish the project
John: More or less
Martin: Not before Christmas.
John: Poor you
Martin: Dead me
John: stay strong, I'll talk to you later
Martin: thanks.
Summary: Martin works way too much and it will not stop before Christmas.
Dialogue: Annabelle: I’m sorry for your loss.
Kian: Thank you.
Annabelle: I’m here if you need to talk. 
Summary: Kian can talk to Annabelle if he needs it.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: Hi, Sophie, do you know who is the person responsible for our Cigna insurance?
Sophie: I am!
Elisabeth: Great! I am flying to the US for two weeks and I wondered if we are covered there.
Sophie: Right. Theoretically you're covered everywhere in the world but the US is a special case
Elisabeth: So what should I do?
Sophie: Actually in this situation you have to contact Cigna yourself.
Elisabeth: Should I call the number on the card? The one in Belgium?
Sophie: Yes, I think so. Let me ask Micheal, just to be sure.
Sophie: Yes, call them and explain everything.
Elisabeth: I will. Thanks a lot. Have a good weekend.
Sophie: you too!
Summary: Sophie is responsible for Cigna insurance. Elisabeth is flying to the US for two weeks, and she is not sure whether the insurance covers her there. Elisabeth will follow Sophie's advice, and ask Cigna herself.
Dialogue: Wagner: Have a good lunch!
Wagner: 🤗
Madeline: You too! 🐼
Madeline: Enjoy!
Wagner: 😎
Summary: Wagner and Madeline will have lunch.
Dialogue: Crystal: I am so sorry to hear this and our thoughts are with you all. He was a great man and fought so well. Finally free from cancer, rest in peace Phil. ❤️ sending love to you and your family xx
Monique: Terrible news!!! Sending all my love and thoughts to you all he was such a good man! So sad! #fuckcancer
Claire:  Love to you all sending you hugs and prayers. Xxxxx
Natalie: I'm so sorry to hear this, you and the whole family are in my thoughts and prayers xxxx
Susan:  sending our love to you all xxxxxxxxxxxx
Andrew: He is no longer living in pain the ones he has left behind now bare the pain of a loved one gone. May you rest in peace Phil, i shall raise a glass tonight in your behalf. #fuckcancer.
Andrew:  And I did!!!! Plenty of them he would be proud. Hic hic.
Sarah: R.i.p phillip love to everyone at this sad time
Paul: Sending all my love and condolences 😥😥😥
Tim: Sorry to hear Michelle  thinking of u 😘
Sally: So sorry to hear that. Thinking of you all x
Julia:  Oh dear, such a shame. Thoughts and prayers are with you,Ryan and your Mum
Annette: So sorry to hear that Michelle. Thinking of you all ❤️
Caroline: I'm so very sorry to hear your sad news. Sending you all love and hugs xxxxxxx
Summary: Phil died of cancer. A lot of people send condolences.
Dialogue: Sara: <file_photo>
Martha: She looks beautiful!
Sara: Not too much?
Martha: No, I think she's perfect
Sara: I was thinking... maybe more make up? I don't want her to look bleak
Martha: Bleak?! What are you saying? Kyla's beautiful, she doesn't need any make up
Sara: I know I know, but all girls wear tons of make up, fake lashes, red lips, everything, I'm afraid they won't notice her
Martha: <file_photo>
Martha: Look, do you really want your daughter to look like a tiny drag queen?
Sara: Ok, this is horrible, fair enough, but maybe a little bit?
Martha: You know my opinion on this. I find the whole idea preposterous, Kyla should be out playing with other kids instead of wasting her childhood on beauty pageant
Sara: I already told you she likes it, she enjoys it
Martha: Have you never thought that she says that to make you happy?
Sara: She's 7
Martha: So?
Sara: That'd be quite complicated for a 7 year old
Martha: I don't think so ;)
Martha: Anyway, she looks amazing the way she is, the dress is lovely, haircut and all. I don't see why you want to put more make up on her, she will have time for that
Sara: I just don't want her to be sad when she loses
Martha: It's not nice, I get it, but it happens and if you don't want her to feel sad or bad about it, just stop taking her there
Sara: Well, my sister says she may have a distorted image of herself in the future
Martha: And I agree with her!
Summary: Sara's 7-year-old daughter Kyla will take part in a beauty pageant and Martha thinks putting too much make up on her will make her look unnatural. Martha agrees with Sara's sister who thinks that Kyla might have a distorted image of herself in the future.
Dialogue: Tonya: omg I cannot believe this
Tonya: Jake asked me out! :O
Phoebe: you gotta be kidding me
Phoebe: I was hoping he might ask me out one day
Phoebe: lol just kidding, happy for u! <3
Summary: Jake asked Tonya out.
Dialogue: Eva: I bought a new dress
Rosie: Ooo, send me a photo!
Eva: Wait a sec
Rosie: OK
Eva: <file_photo>
Rosie: Mmmmmmmmmmmm, nice!! were there other colors???
Eva: Black&white
Rosie: Where?
Eva: Zara
Rosie: Black&white…..!! :o
Eva: but only small sizes
Rosie: noooooooooo :(((((((((((
Summary: Eva bought a new dress at Zara. Rosie is interested if there are different colours. There are black and white dresses but only small sizes.
Dialogue: Allison: Should i buy Headphones or air pods for you?
Xavi: Air pods
Allison: k
Summary: Allison will buy air pods for Xavi.
