Dialogue: Alfons: Where are you now?
Arnold: in Bregenz, at the lake
Alfons: how long do you want to stay there?
Arnold: not more than 2-3 days
Jenny: is it nice?
Mico: lovely, the weather is beautiful, and the mountains
Mico: what about you?
Jenny: we're in Vaduz but we make day trips to different places
Mico: where?
Jenny: mountains, Hohenems, Feldkirch
Mico: do you like it?
Jenny: it's lovely
Summary: Arnold is staying in Bregenz, at the lake for 2-3 days. Jenny is in Vaduz and they are making day trips to different places, such as the mountains, Hohenems, and Feldkirch.
Dialogue: Jo: How's your mum, Sue?
Ann: Is she gone now?
Sue: She got back home yesterday
Sue: The trains were delayed
Sue: She was furious
Sue: Still recovering
Jo: Oh :( 
Ann: So you're free then... ;)
Sue: Hurray
Ann: A party??
Sue: I need to recover, too ;)
Sue: will think about a party later
Ann: I take you by the word!
Summary: Sue's mum got back home yesterday after a difficult journey and is still recovering. Sue will think of organising a party later on.
Dialogue: Mel: I've just seen Bohemian Rapsody 
Trish: Cool. I wanted to see it too
Mel: Sorry, I didn't know :(
Trish: You didn't tell me you were going :(
Mel: I know, I got tickets from a friend so it was a quick decision
Trish: OK, no problem
Mel: Are a Queen fan?
Trish: Yeah, kind of I guess. Some songs are great.
Mel: Just like me
Trish: And how was the movie?
Mel: Pretty good, The songs great, the story also
Trish: But???
Mel: How do you know there's a but?
Trish: just a feeling
Mel: well, you;re right. i mean, it;s a good film but I got bored in the middle
Trish: doesn't sound like the best advert
Mel: don't get me wrong. it's worth seeing, especially if you like the music
Trish: OK
Mel: but for hardcore fans it could be disappointing i suppose
Trish: perhaps i'll just wait for the DVD
Mel: i guess you're right
Trish: thanks for advice :)
Summary: Mel finds Bohemian Rapsody good as well as disappointing. Tish wanted to see it too but she'll wait for the DVD.  
Dialogue: Bella: Are you ok? How is the new job?
Bella: Is it what you were expecting?
Simon: Well, basically going as it should be
Simon: I'm trying to learn as much as possible
Simon: Environment is not the best but its a part of a big company
Bella: I get it. Corporate life is sometimes hard but your approach is very good
Bella: Learn as much as you can and finally you'll probably find a better environment to thrive
Bella: I saw on insta that you were in Norway?
Simon: Yes I went with Olga
Simon: It was her birthday on 14th so I decided to prepare a surprise for her ;)
Bella: Wow :O
Bella: You are a great boyfriend!
Bella: It sounds like an awesome birthday surprise and as far as I remember Norway is beautiful
Bella: Although freaking expensive ;)
Simon: We had a great time there
Simon: And you just got back from Milan :)
Bella: Yes :) Italy is beautiful, weather was amazing and the language is so simple
Bella: I ate a loooot
Simon: With your skills you would speak italian after a week!
Bella: Haha by the end of third day I was ordering at the restaurants in italian ;)
Bella: I am definitely going back there soon
Bella: Please hug Olga from me with late but sincere birthday wishes!
Simon: I will!
Bella: She is a great person
Simon: Thank you Bella
Bella: Ok I'm going to sleep now
Bella: Goodnight!
Simon: Bye! Goodnight :*
Summary: Simon is learning a lot at his new corporate job. He took his girlfriend to Norway for her Birthday. Bella just got back from Italy.
Dialogue: Rick: Hi, fatso!
Jim: Told you not to call me that.
Rick: I won't if you lose weight.
Jim: What do you want, lanky..
Rick: I need to borrow five bucks.
Jim: Oh, yeah? Me too!
Summary: Rick needs to borrow five bucks from Jim.
Dialogue: Sam: Where does Linda work?
Sidney: why?
Sam: I was thinking about bumping into her accidentally
Sidney: Linda? Really?
Sam: why not?
Sidney: she's weird
Sam: she's got a nice ass
Summary: Sam wants to come across Linda accidentally.
Dialogue: Kiara: Should I come to pick you up?
Malik: I havent done even the breakfast yet
Kiara: Oh man
Malik: Please come after an half an hour
Kiara: I am at Jaden's 
Malik: Please wait
Kiara: K waiting
Malik: Who else is with you
Kiara: Everyone except you
Malik: Sorry dude give me just 20 mins
Kiara: Have your time
Malik: KK
Kiara: waiting
Summary: Kiara is at Jaden's. She will come to pick up Malik in half an hour, after he's made breakfast.
Dialogue: Loren: hate him so much
Iren: know what u mean, he's such a moron
Loren: <file_gif>
Summary: Loren hates him.
Dialogue: Joy: spaghetti?
Bella: yup
Joy: you're cooking!!!!
Bella: ok
Summary: Bella will cook spaghetti for herself and Joy.
Dialogue: Carson: I am going to Shambala this year
Carson: You guys going? 
Sheldon: Idk
Sheldon: I just spent some money on Calgary Stampede
Carson: Dang
Carson: Tix for Shambala are cheap until the end of this year
Sheldon: I might borrow some money from my mom 
Tina: I am going to Shambala
Carson: What? Wow didn't know! 
Tina: Ye I just realized that 
Tina: The Tix are cheaper! 
Carson: We should plan out stuff! 
Carson: I still have no one to go with until now Tina xd
Tina: Yea let's get a place to stay! 
Carson: I will look at some hostels
Tina: great great
Summary: Carson will go to Shambala. Sheldon will too if his mom will lent him money. Tina will go too.The tickets cost less. Carson and Tina will rent a place to stay together.
Dialogue: Ben: where is my watch?
Mac: i dont know
Ben: im sure you have it
Mac: what, why?
Ben: are you out with Mandy?
Mac: so what?
Ben: she likes watches
Mac: ok i will give it back when i come home
Ben: ha, i knew that!
Summary: Mac took Ben's watch because he went out with Mandy who likes watches.
Dialogue: Mom: put the soup into the fridge!
Dina: why me?
Mom: beacuse!!!
Dina: ok, I will
Summary: Dina will put the soup in the fridge at Mom's request.
Dialogue: Ian: Have you thought about the long weekend yet?
Clarisse: not really. i was busy all day
Ian: we'd need to book tonite or 2moro
Clarisse: can we talk 2nite then?
Ian: ok, i'll send you some links
Clarisse: luv, i'm kind of busy now sorry
Ian: ok, tlak to you then 
Clarisse: yeah, take care
Summary: Clarisse wants to discuss the long weekend plans with Ian tonight.
Dialogue: Tom: I'll make a dinner tonight
Wand: <3
Tom: love u 2
Summary: Tom will make dinner tonight.
Dialogue: Harr: Hello Dinny darling, did you know that Tessa is on the road again! Are you at home?
Dinny: On the road now. In half an hour?
Harr: OK
Dinny: Darling, I've got a meeting in a sec, so can't talk to you. But text me all about Tessa and I'll read it during the meeting ;)
Harr: She texted me this morning from the train saying she's on her way to Cuba.  Alone of course. Being apprehensive and confident at the same time. That's about it. Having no kids she can afford such trips. A nice girl though.
Harr: She also mentioned her boss, a bit of a bully, I'd say. But wasn't it old Chard? The one Minny worked for in Perth?
Harr: Still at the meeting? God! Nothing happening here. What a waste of time! What shall we cook tonight?
Harr: My poor hard working darling wife.... XXXXX
Dinny: Hi Harr, just got out, what a bore, and tried to phone you but no answer. What's up?
Dinny: I thought we should discuss the meal today, as I intended to do some shopping for the weekend. Give me a call when you are online.
Harr: Your office landline is permanently busy. I've left you a message there. I have already done a huge shopping for the weekend. Just forgot my mobile at home and didn't get you.
Dinny: Does it mean you are going to cook? Fantastic! Do surprise me!
Dinny: I should be home before 7. Sorry won't make it any earlier.
Harr: It's OK darling. I'll get it all ready for 8:30. More or less. See you in the evening!
Summary: Dinny had a meeting at work. Tessa is on her way to Cuba. Harr did grocery shopping for the weekend and is going to cook. 
Dialogue: Nora: who tf left a drity pan in the kitchen??
Mireya: not me...
Nora: pls don't do that if you know you're leaving for the weekend. it's the second time i'm washing someone else's dirty pan
Nick: so sorry, I totally forgot about it. you know how it is with pans heheh
Nora: i repeat, it's not the first time
Nick: I am really sorry. Won't happen again
Nora: I hope so...
Summary: Nick left a dirty pan in the kitchen so Nora is washing it again. Nick promises it won't happen again.
Dialogue: Rob: Chris hi, can you send me your reports from the Cawson jobs please, I need to invoice the client and I'm reports missing from you
Chris: sure Rob I will get them to you 
Rob: can you try to upload them each day please as there is a lot do do without chasing tutors all the time, I dont understand how you can upload your invoice and not upload your report at the time time.  In future I wont be paying invoices unless the report is uploaded at the same time
Chris: ok mate sorry taken on board  I will get the missing ones to you tonight
Rob: thanks Chris
Summary: Rob wants Chris to upload invoices with reports at the same time. Chris will get the missing reports to Chris tonight.
Dialogue: Greg: Hey! Have you heard the good news?
Dan: No. What's that?
Greg: Frank has negotiated a new deadline :-)
Dan: How much more time do we have?
Greg: A week :-)
Dan: It's going to be tough, anyway. But we'll manage to hone a few functions.
Greg: For sure. I'm really happy :-) I was getting jitters about it.
Dan: That bad?
Greg: Yes. I'm really far behind the schedule. It's because of my sick leave. I lost about two weeks.
Dan: Ouch...
Greg: Yeah... Now I can catch up with a few things.
Dan: Is it official?
Greg: I learnt it from Eva.
Dan: Ok. Then it must be true.
Greg: Would you accuse me of spreading rumours?
Dan: No. I was just curious.
Greg: Ok. Seems like we need to get back to work. We don't want to waste that extra time, do we?
Dan: Of course not. Talk to you later!
Dan: And thanks for letting me know :-)
Greg: Till later
Summary: Greg is happy, because Frank has negotiated a new deadline. Greg was on sick leave and lost two weeks.
Dialogue: Max: Hey, this is Max, this is my new number!
Charlie: Noted. Are you still using the old one?
Max: No, You can go ahead and delete it.
Charlie: Ok, done
Summary: Max has got a new number.
Dialogue: Daniel: I'm packing for the trip, are you done with it?
Michael: Mostly done, don't forget your passport!
Matt: is an ID not enough?
Michael: sure not!
Brian: why?
Michael: Bosnia and Herzegovina is not in the EU, so we will have a proper border control
Michael: no passport, no entry
Daniel: good you wrote us this I think :P
Matt: yes, we're morons 
Daniel: haha, yes, a bit
Brian: I didn't even know we're going to enter Bosnia, I though we're going to stay in Croatia only
Michael: we planned to go to Mostar and the mountains, so Bosnia it is
Brian: anyway, I'll pack my passport
Michael: very good
Summary: Michael reminds his friends to bring their passports on their trip. 
Dialogue: Mia: Are you going to the party
Philip: no way, I can't drink anymore, I almost died yesterday
Ella: hahaha, I will go with you Mia
Summary: Philip isn't going to the party, but Ella will go with Mia.
Dialogue: Janet: I missed the bus. Can you take me?
Susan: Sorry, I need to go to work myself
Janet: ok no worries
Summary: Janet missed the bus. Susan can't help her, because she's going to work.
Dialogue: Amelia: what the hell? where are you?
Oliver: I can't find the fuckin' platform
Amelia: The train is departing in 3 minutes!!!
Oliver: The station is crazy. I think I have it.
Amelia: God, you scared me!
Summary: Amelia and Oliver's train is departing in 3 minutes. Oliver had trouble finding the platform.
Dialogue: Kat: Hi gorgeous!
Mia: Hey girl, you ok?
Kat: Yeah, feeling good! I just got my nails done, hair dyed lilac and a spray tan!
Mia: Sounds super glam? Can I see?
Kat: Sure, quick selfie! <file_photo >
Mia: Wow! Looking good!😍 Love your lips too!
Kat: Yeah, had them plumped up a couple of weeks ago, not too much?
Mia: No, definitely not! We're all set to hit the town tomorrow night when you come up!
Kat: Cool! I am so looking forward to it, see ya then!
Mia: See ya tomorrow, babes!
Summary: Kat and Mia are ready to hit the town tomorrow night.
Dialogue: Nina: I was thinking about tonight
Max: Hm?
Nina: I don't know if we have enough time to do all the things we have listed
Max: Yeah but I have no idea what we could skip
Nina: My parents?
Max: I was supposed to help your dad with the computer
Nina: I know but can't that wait for another week or two?
Max: We would have to ask him that
Nina: I'll call him .He only uses the computer for his stupid games, I doubt he's really needs it now. And my mum will be happy that he has more time for chores
Max: Haha ok sounds legite
Nina: Then I guess if we live work a little early we can make it to tesco and Leroy Merlin
Max: Yes but we have to make it quick cause we are meeting Dan at 7 to help him move
Nina: Is it at 7? I thought you said 8
Max: I said 7
Nina: Okey then I'll have to cancel my nails
Max: Unless I leave you at Monica's and go help Dan by myself
Nina: That would be perfect, I would feel so much better tomorrow at the meeting with my nails done
Max: No problem I wouldn't have you carrying heavy stuff anyway
Nina: It's settled then?
Max: Yep
Summary: Nina and Max have lots of plans for tonight, so they think of skipping the visit at Nina's parents even though Max promised Nina's dad some help with the computer. Max will leave Nina at Monica’s, so she can get her nails done and he will go help Dan move by himself.
Dialogue: Greta: Did you see the new intern?
Jenny: We've got a newbie??
Greta: Yeah, he's pretty cute, too!
Jenny: Well, now I'm curious...
Greta: Hahaha, see you at lunchtime? I'm sure he'll be there too, we could talk to him
Jenny: Sure thing!
Summary: Jenny and Greta want to get to know a new intern at lunchtime.
Dialogue: Jake: SpaceX just launched another rocket.
Jake: I'm really curious if they will manage to launch people to Mars as they announced
Max: I doubt it
Max: Decision making leaders are too far engaged in waging war here on Earth
Max: If they just focus on science and space exploration instead, there could be a chance
Max: But in this situation
Max: It's highly doubtful
Jake: I can't wait to see first men on Mars
Jake: And even more I can't wait when they launch James-Webb Telescope
Jake: They need to replace broken Hubble Telescope
Max: Yup. Hubble is broken now, so I think they are really need to hurry up.
Jake: Imagine what photos of the universe this new technology will make!
Jake: What new things we can learn about space
Jake: I'm thrilled to bits when I think about it!
Max: Yeah. This seems great!
Max: I really love the idea that we will live in times of such great discoveries.
Jake:  I hope humanity will understand that it's far more important than political confilcts.
Max: Maybe when our generation will gain power and priorities will change
Max: I'm looking forward.
Jake: I hope it happends sooner than later,
Jake: <file_other>
Jake: Meanwhile in Ukraine :/
Max: Ehh....
Max: Seems like we will have to wait few more years,
Jake: Shit happens :/
Summary: Jake and Max hope that their generation will focus more on the research in space rather than on wars on Earth and political conflicts.
Dialogue: Maya: i'm getting so annoyed with my new phone
Henry: why did you get it in the first place?
Maya: mmmm this is embarrassing :-/
Maya: but it fell on the toilet
Henry: HAHAHAHAHA you definitely had to get a new one
Summary: Maya had to get a new phone, as she drowned the old one in the toilet.
Dialogue: Kinga: Are we going for lunch in an hour? 
Ariana: Idk 
Ariana: Im hungry rn I might just go now 
Kinga: Hmmm 
Ariana: I will just go now 
Kinga: K no problem 
Ariana: Starving! 😥
Summary: Kinga wants to go for lunch with Ariana in an hour. Ariana is starving though, so she will go for lunch right now. 
Dialogue: Kelly: What time we leaving tomorrow, can't wait!
Sally: Train's at 10.10, gets into Cardiff about half past. Not too early is it, Kel?
Kelly: No way missy! I'm up for an mega session tomorrow. It's been nonstop this week at the bank with the new kids in.
Sally: I've got the Prosecco chilling as we speak! Is it a bit naff to drink it on the train? 
Kelly: Well, it is a hen weekend, we're expected to behave badly! As long as we don't embarrass ourselves too much, I say go for it!
Sally: OK then. See you at the station in the morning! Bye, sweets!
Summary: Sally and Kelly have a hen party tomorrow. They will drink prosecco on the train, which departs to Cardiff at 10:10. 
Dialogue: Kyle: Hey
Kyle: Do you think I can order drugs online thru shoppers? 
Jake: I think you can
Jake: Sometimes its even cheaper
Kyle: I have prescribed medicine tho 
Jake: Oh then I don't think so
Jake: You have to show up with your prescriptions 
Kyle: I though so thanks! 
Jake: Cool beans 
Summary: Jake doesn't think Kyle can order prescribed medicine via shoppers.
Dialogue: Winston: Hey, so do you know when you should be here?
Jess: Hey hey, not yet, still in NY
Winston: Nick waiting for you? :)
Jess: He will be here around 9, I'm still at the airport
Winston: Awesome, you two have fun!
Jess: Will do! :)
Winston: So you'll still be coming back to San Fran?
Jess: Yes. And then I'll decide when I'm coming over to see you
Winston: Great, just keep us posted
Jess: Should know tomorrow. Why, you have any plans?
Winston: No rush, it's only monday today.
Jess: I'll try to get myself sorted :)
Winston: It's been extra warm here, shorts and tshirt kind of weather
Jess: That's awesome! 
Winston: Just a heads up, we might need to go and check out a car on Wed
Jess: Ohhh you're getting a car??? YAY :D
Winston: Yeah, we need another car and I found a good deal on craigslist, just need to see in person though
Jess: Sure sure
Winston: Do you know how to ski?
Jess: ohhh I haven't in years! I could give it a try though. Should I bring my ski gear?
Winston: No need, my sister has plenty so don't worry
Jess: I know how to skate!!
Winston: Great! We can do that too. So just let me know once you figure everything out
Jess: Yay! can't wait to see you guys :)
Summary: Jess is in NY. She'll be coming to San Francisco and she will see Winston. They might go skiing or skating together. On Wednesday Winston will see a car. 
Dialogue: Matilda: Hey!! How about going to the movies tomorrow?😺😺😺😺
Matilda: Maybe it's kinda unexpected but let’s spend some good time together! 😻😻
Dillon: Of course! If it’s you who suggests, I’m always in! 😉😉
Matilda: Ooooopppss! Shit! I’m sorry I got confused between the same names. I was supposed to send this message to the other “Dillon” (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Dillon: w...e...lll.....
Matilda: Sorry again! (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Summary: Matilda wants to go to the cinema with Dillon. She wrote to the wrong person.
Dialogue: George: I am so sorry! I forgot to do the dishes
Jenny: It's fine I run the dishwasher
Jay: Damn George, again man, this gotta stop, we had an agreement
George: I know, I'll vacuum as my punishment
Jay: hahaha how about for 3 days:D?
George: Oh come on it was just a couple of plates and silverware
Jay: hahaha just joking, fine by me, vacuum once
Jenny: I don't know, I think you deserve some more punishment
George: why? you guys fuck up too, not just me
Jay: Ok, let's make a general rule, if someone forgets to do sth they had to
George: Sure, anything specific?
Jenny: How about vacuuming and taking the trash out for everything we forget to do that we were scheduled for
Jay: Agreed!
George: I guess I'll take the trash out too
Summary: George didn't do the dishes. The new punishment for not doing the dishes is vacuuming and taking the trash out.
Dialogue: Michelle: heyoo
Naomi: hi bby
Michelle: how are you?😊
Naomi: tired. bored. up and breathing 😂
Michelle: my story will cheer you up
Naomi: im all ears
Michelle: Anne and I went to cafeteria. we were standing in the line and I started telling her how much I want Mikey to ask me out
Michelle: and the worst thing happened...
Naomi: what 😯
Michelle: he was right behind us!!! 😭
Naomi: OMG, what are the odds
Michelle: ikr 😩
Naomi: did he say anythaang?
Michelle: nope, he pretended he didnt hear it.
Naomi: I guess its not that bad, if he heard it he will think about it and maybe he will ask you out eventually
Michelle: this is the best case scenario. gotta go, thanks
Naomi: what a story, good luck with that guy
Summary: Michelle was in cafeteria with Anne. Michelle wants Mike to ask her out and she told Anne about it. Mike was staying behind them, but he pretended not to hear it.
Dialogue: Jack: We're already at the Mongoosh. Where are you Jason?
Jason: On my way. Can you guys order for me too? I'll be there soon.
Andy: Sure what you want?
Jason: Send me the menu.
Andy: <file_photo>
Jason: Chicken Tikka Masala for me please!
Summary: Jack and Andy are at the Mongoosh and Jason will join them soon. Jason wants them to order Chicken Tikka Masala for him.
Dialogue: Caden: are you still in the supermarket?
Muhammad: yes why
Caden: can you buy me a bunch of grapes? i'll pay you back
Muhammad: sure, do you want anything else?
Caden: no, thanks! :>
Summary: Muhammad will buy Caden a bunch of grapes at the supermarket. 
Dialogue: Rose: I bought new jacket:) the other one got worn down
Bree: Let me see! I thought you're broke totally
Rose: Yeah, well, my mom funded part of this shopping
Lily: Part:D? Probably she covered whole price
Rose: No, no, no! Of course not, she paid half of it
Bree: Does it really matter? I feel like we're gonna start fighting abut Rose's shopping, wtf?
Lily: I'm chilling, not saying anything
Bree: Well, I hope so:) Where did you find it?
Rose: You know this place, it's this second hand on 1st Ave and Pride St
Bree: OOOOh! I love this place, you can find really good vintage clothes there
Lily: Why you guys didn't tell me about this place ever?
Bree: Duh, yeah we did, you just don't like secondhand shops
Rose: I agree, I remember you once said it's just trash coming back from the red cross boxes
Lily: Cause some of it does, and people make straight profit from it
Rose: Anyway, it was fairly cheap and in good condition
Bree: Send us pics!
Summary: Rose bought a new jacket at a thrift store on 1st Ave and Pride St. Her mom paid a part of the price. Lily doesn't like the idea as she thinks people use vintage stores to make a profit.
Dialogue: Johnnie: pizza today?
Jeffrey: ok
Johnnie: funghi or capriciosa?
Jeffrey: funghi
Summary: Johnnie and Jeffrey are going to have pizza capriciosa today.
Dialogue: Paul: <file_photo>
Paul: Fuck me, I’ve listened to May’s address today and I feel like she’s currently number one on the list of politicians I despise
Matt: Mmm haven’t heard it yet. What does she say?
Anton: She’s the embodiment of the will of the British people
Anton: So she can’t be sacked 
Paul: She can’t be sacked not only because she’s the personification of the iron will of the Island Race
Paul: But also because renegotiation might be needed, new PM wouldn’t be able to make it before March deadline (idk why)
Anton: Basically, there’s no Brexit without her!
Anton: So she must stay and steer us through the no-deal fiasco she Herself Is Working On So Hard
Anton: I agree with Paul that it was the most bizarre, ridiculous thing
Anton: 🤮🤮🤮
Matt: One of the weirdest things is that people criticise her for many things but then when the moment of praise comes (and it always does, fuck knows why) it’s for her RESILIENCE
Matt: As if it was inherently positive
Matt: I somehow can’t recall any world leader mentioned in history books because of this singular quality
Anton: I feel like Fidel and Nicolas Maduro have been praised for the same thing
Anton: Your memory is failing you my friend
Matt: 🤣🤣🤣
Paul: lmao
Anton: But hey, we’re losing our time here chatting away while the British Pound sinks deeper and deeper
Anton: We should be buying dollars 🤑
Matt: We should be buying EUROS
Paul: <file_other>
Paul: We should be buying BOLÍVARES
Matt: LOOOOL
Summary: Matt, Anton and Paul are discussion their dislike of Theresa May and her negotiations regarding Brexit. 
Dialogue: Mark: I've got a weekend off
Mark: A miracle! ;)
Julie: :)
Mark: Let's go to the botanics if the weather is okay
Jo: Good idea!
Jo: There is a nice path from your place
Jo: 25 mins walk
Julie: The one with the colourful playground?
Jo: Yeah
Mark: Saturday afternoon? 
Julie: works for me
Julie: Jo?
Jo: I'm not 100% at the moment 
Jo: Will give you a call later
Summary: Mark has a weekend off so wants to go to the botanics. Mark and Julie agree on Saturday afternoon. Jo isn't sure at the moment and will give Julie a call later.
Dialogue: Ms. Vini: May I come in?
Mr. Sarkar: Yes, please come in.
Ms. Vini: Good morning!
Mr. Sarkar: Good morning, please take your seat.
Ms. Vini: Thankyou.
Mr. Sarkar: What brings you here?
Ms. Vini: I noticed the board outside your restaurant. It says that you have a vacancy for a waitress. I wish to apply for the same.
Mr. Sarkar: Yes, we do require a hard working waitress who can work in our restaurant. Do you have any prior experience in the similar role?
Ms. Vini: Yes, I do. I worked with- Corner street Restaurant, the one near the Church gate for 2 years.
Mr. Sarkar: What made you leave that job?
Ms. Vini: I do enjoy working there, however its too far from my residence. As a mother of 2 kids, I prefer to work near my home.
Mr. Sarkar: Ok. Your credentials look good. When can you join us?
Ms. Vini: How about the next week?
Mr. Sarkar: Works for me.
Ms. Vini: What would be the work timings?
Mr. Sarkar: Our present employees work in 2 shifts- 7am to 12 noon and 1pm to 8 in the evening.
Ms. Vini: Guess, I'll take the morning shift, if its fine with you.
Mr. Sarkar: Sure, you will be paid $5 per hour and over it your tip.
Ms. Vini: Yeah, that's good. 
Mr. Sarkar: So, see you next week.
Summary: Ms Vini wishes to apply for a waitress job. Mr Sarkar reckons her credentials look good and offers her the job. Ms Vini can start next week 7 till 12 and will be paid $5 per hour plus tips. 
Dialogue: Fabrizio: Hey
Fabrizio: I spoke to a guy at the IT store
Fabrizio: He checked our order and said that everything is fine
Pamela: Ok
Pamela: Did you ask if they can check the delivery address in Hammersmith?
Pamela: Or if they have a number we can call in that area?
Fabrizio: He said that there is no need to, that the order was fine ;)
Pamela: Alright then :)
Pamela: Thanks
Fabrizio: 👍
Summary: Fabrizio checked their order with the guy at the IT store. It is OK. 
Dialogue: Caroline: I have the whole trip planned!!
Alexandra: do tell :)
Caroline: we arrive at 4 but we won't get to the hotel until 6 I think
Alexandra: do we take the bus from the aiport?
Caroline: yes, it takes 40 minutes but it is three times cheaper than the train
Alexandra: sure
Caroline: then we change and go a little walk around the Vatican City
Alexandra: sounds lovely, especially with the special Christmas tree there :)
Caroline: yeah :) then we have dinner at this lovely restaurant that I discovered last year
Alexandra: is it far from the hotel?
Caroline: 500m
Alexandra: perfect!!
Caroline: then the next day we get up around 7:30 if that's okay
Alexandra: you know I'm more of an early bird than a night owl
Caroline: and after breakfast we visit the castle of saint angel
Alexandra: <3
Caroline: then we stroll around the di trevi fountain, spanish steps, piazza navona... 
Alexandra: ice cream is a must
Caroline: yes!! and then Colosseum 
Alexandra: and lunch!
Summary: Caroline has planned the whole trip. They arrive at 4, take a 40 min bus ride to the hotel. Then they change and go for a walk around the Vatican City. The next day they will get up around 7:30 and see the castle of Saint Angel, the Di Trevi fountain, Spanish Steps, Piazza Navona and the Colosseum.
Dialogue: Gavin: what do you think?
Gavin: <file_video>
Roy: good sound, new band?
Gavin: yeah, I liked them
Roy: they sounds great
Gavin: wanna go on concert?
Roy: sure thing!
Summary: Roy and Gavin will go to the concert of the new band they listen to.
Dialogue: Felicia: Hi Harvey. Do you have any new killer-series in your movie shop
Harvey: Hey Of course i have in fact not one.Have you watched Riverdale?
Felicia: Not yet. The trailer only😁
Harvey: Whaaaat!! You have no idea of what you are missing
Felicia: I think i will take that one and SWAT. Then I want the Venom movie. My friends won't let me be after they watched it
Harvey: Sure. When are you gonna pass-by picking them?
Felicia: Today after class. Around 4pm
Harvey: Okay you will find them ready
Felicia: Fine
Summary: Felicia will pass by around 4 pm to pick up "Riverdale", "SWAT" and "Venom".
Dialogue: John: are you guys up for watching a game at my place today?
Mike: sure thing i am free tonight
Chris: i don't know... when?
Mike: come on dude move your ass
John: 5 pm my place
Chris: ok i will be there too
Summary: They are going to meet at 5 pm at John's place to watch a game.
Dialogue: Sandra: Hi, I was wondering whether Kate and you were interested in going skiing with me this year?
Daniel: Hi!
Daniel: I have no idea. I'll ask Kate. 
Daniel: When are you planning to go?
Sandra: I was thinking of March. 
Daniel: Where?
Sandra: Poland, Slovakia or maybe Italy, if I can organise a bigger group. 
Daniel: Okey, I'll ask Kate and let you know.
Sandra: We'll be in touch! 
Summary: Sandra in planning to go skiing either in Poland, Slovakia or in Italy, if she manages to gather more people. She invites Daniel and Kate to join her. Daniel and Kate will consider it.
Dialogue: Dad:  Hello love can I pop over to collect my drill?
Sue: Hi dad, yes of course what are you drilling?
Dad: I just need to fix this bloody towel rail in the downstairs loo
Sue:  Well Im in all afternoon
Dad:  ok love I should be over for 3, will the boys be back from school?
Sue: Thomas will be but Harry is going to football practice straight from school
Sue: you can stay for tea if you like?
Dad: Can I let you know later love?
Sue: Yes of course see up after 3 xxx
Summary: Dad wants to come over to Sue's to collect his drill, which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs. Sue will be at home all afternoon. Dad will pop in at about 3. Thomas will be back from school then, and Harry will have football practice. Sue invites her dad for tea, he will let her know later.
Dialogue: Mom: Jake, are you coming back for Thanksgiving? 
Jake: What? mom, thanksgiving was in October. 
Mom: We are having our uncle Jason and his kids comin' from California. 
Jake: Oh, so you wanna celebrate US Thanksgiving? 
Mom: Yes, we are having them over here this weekend. 
Jake: Why do we have to give thanks here if it's a thing from down there? 
Mom: Their house was destroyed by Cali wildfires
Jake: Oh shit. Ok well I'll be home this sat I guess.
Mom: Wanna get me a turkey from that farm near High River? 
Jake: Can't you just get it from a market in calgs? 
Mom: No
Mom: I prefer the one from High River
Jake: I'd have to take a different highway then. Will do
Mom: Can you text Lisa to come home too? She's not answering 
Jake: Yes 
Mom: What the hell is happening with her?
Jake: Idk probs she's studying for her finals and doesn't have time to answer you
Mom: Bs. I saw her pics on facebook she's partying hard
Jake: K so Ill be driving by that farm near High River. What kind of turkey you want? 
Mom: Chicken breed. 
Summary: Uncle Jason and his children will visit Mom this weekend for Thanksgiving celebration. Mom wants Jake to buy a turkey from the farm near High River. Jake will text Lisa to invite her to the meeting.
Dialogue: Ethan: Congratulations. I just heard that you had a baby boy
Lilly: Thank you so much you congratulated me :)
Ethan: Whats his name?
Lilly: We havent decided yet. Its been only 2 days since he has come
Ethan: You can name him Ethan
Lilly: Shutup. His father will decide the name
Ethan: BOL :) 
Summary: Ethan congratulates Lilly on her baby boy. The baby's name is not yet decided.
Dialogue: Arthur: How’s your Bitcoin investment thing going?
Klay: Don’t even get me started. I’m somewhere between suicide and losing my mind.
Arthur: Wow, that bad?
Klay: I lost 20k last week bro. And it keeps plummeting, 10% down today. 
Arthur: I guess that won’t be the most profitable investment in your life then.
Klay: Yeah, I will never put any money in such bullshit.
Arthur: Here is something to cheer you up. Haha <file_photo>
Klay: Lol. The only plus is I kept my family out of it.
Summary: Klay has invested in Bitcoin, he lost 20k last week and it's still going down.
Dialogue: Steven: Mum, my last class got cancelled, could you pick me up? :D
Lucy: Son, I'm busy now. You'll need to wait 'bout 40 mins or so
Steven:  OK, I'll take the buss then :(
Lucy: If so, buy some milk and eggs on your way
Steven: Sure, no prob. See you at home
Lucy: See you sweetie
Summary: Steven will take the bus home as his class got cancelled. Lucy wants him to buy some milk and eggs.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Have you already seen this Polish movie everybody is talking about? 
Lia: "Cold War" you mean?
Jonathan: I think so... People say it's quite good. 
Lia: No, I haven't seen it yet. Why?
Jonathan: I just thought we could see it together.
Lia: Why not? I am just quite busy tonight.
Jonathan: No, not tonight, more like the weekend.
Lia: Friday, I am going to the theatre but Saturday I am free.
Jonathan: Great, let's do it on Saturday. May I ask who you are going to the theatre with? Of course you don't have to answer...
Lia: Oh, Jon. It's Henry. We're just friends, if it's what you want to know.
Jonathan: Sorry, that was a stupid question. I am really happy I'll see you on Saturday. I am glad we're getting over the crises, it seems.
Lia: Jon, we're just going to the cinema. I've already asked you to give me some more time.
Jonathan: This is exactly what I'm doing.
Lia: No, you're pressing me. Going to the cinema together doesn't mean we're marring tomorrow.
Jonathan: Ok, this is escalating, Lia. Let's just talk on Saturday and try not to argue without a reason.
Lia: Right. I'll write you later what time and where you can pick me up. Have a good night.
Summary: Jonathan and Lia have troubles in their relationship. She'd already asked him for some more time. Nevertheless, Jonathan invited Lia to the cinema on Saturday. Lia agreed.
Dialogue: Dominic: Hello, what's up?
Adam: Not much
Dominic: Any plans for the weekend?
Adam: No, but you've got my attention
Dominic: , have you ever been to a horse-race track before?
Adam: No. But I’ve always wanted to! Is this like a british thing only, or do we have events in Poland?  
Dominic: There’s an event on Sunday in Warsaw. Are you in? 
Adam: Sure I’m in. I’m excidted, but I don’t know anything about horse racing :D 
Dominic: Yeah, you gotta know, that you don’t really win at most of times. But beginner’s luck might be your great chance to win some money :P We’re meeting up at 2pm at the gates. 
Adam: Sounds good
Dominic: Don’t come late!
Adam: I'll be on time, buddy
Dominic: See you then! 
Summary: Dominic and Adam are going to attend a horse race in Warsaw. They will meet on Sunday at 2 pm at the gates. 
Dialogue: Peter: hi, I'm coming 6:40 am friday
Dorothy: <file_gif>
Peter: there are no good connections so I decided to go by night
Peter: at least I'll get some sleep
Peter: pls let me know if its okay for you
Dorothy: perfect, don't worry
Dorothy: I'll ask Derren to pick you up from the station
Peter: please don't bother, I'll get an uber
Dorothy: don't be silly ;)
Dorothy: we'll have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work
Dorothy: do you have any plans? want to go anywhere on friday?
Peter: I was thinking about this exhibition
Peter: <file_other>
Peter: did you see it?
Dorothy: no but I was going to tell you about it! :)
Dorothy: let's go with Derren in the afternoon
Dorothy: he works till 3pm on Fridays
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Peter will come on Friday at 6:40. He will go by night, because there are no good connections. Derren will pick Peter up from the station and they will have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work. The three of them will go to the exhibition on Friday after 3 p.m. 
Dialogue: Paul: Hey guys, when is our next meeting? I heard we postponed the one meant to be this week
Anne: Hi, yea have decided to not meet this week. Michael couldn't make it, he is at the hospital. We will simply meet next week
Paul: Wow, something serious?
Jill: He has the flu, but when I spoke to him yesterday he said that he should go back home in a day or two
Paul: Oh, good to hear. So see you guys next week
Paul: In two weeks* :)
Summary: Paul, Anne and Jill postponed their meeting with Michael in two weeks time due to Michael's flu.
Dialogue: George: <file_other>
Andrew: that's an interesting event
Andrew: are we going?
George: do you need to ask?
Andrew: not really
George: just mark the day in your calendar ;)
Summary: George and Andrew will go to an event.
Dialogue: Arthur: her
Arthur: hello!!!!!!!!!!!!
Harper: heloo
Harper: (why's every1 hi - ing me recenlty?
Harper: *recently
Arthur: becauase we can :P
Harper: :)
Harper: how did the sciency test go?
Arthur: it was alright
Arthur: the question with ships was kinda weird
Harper: yeah :/
Harper: i think it was pretty badly worded
Summary: Arthur and Harper had a science test. They both agree that the question with ships was bizarre and could have been better phrased.
Dialogue: Louise: Hello, hello. We got paired up on a project for International Management, so I made this group.
Louise: <file_photo>, <file_photo> - this is what we have to prepare, I guess we can divide the work somehow.
Essa: Hey, thanks for creating the group. I can take the introduction part.
Tankred: I can do the education. When do we have to present?
Essa: 13th of December. I guess we can meet up 30 minutes before the next class and agree on everything?
Louise: Sounds good! :)
Summary: For the International Management project on the 13 December, Essa will do the introduction, Tankred will do the education. They will meet 30 minutes before the class to discuss the presentation with Louise.
Dialogue: Lydia: hi Max, are you free tomorrow?
Max: more or less
Lydia: hahaha, what does it mean?
Max: I'm working only till 1PM
Lydia: good! wanna go with me to MoMA?
Max: it's a bit too expensive for me now
Lydia: I have 2 free tickets, but only for tomorrow
Max: amazing! so I'm in!
Lydia: good, 2PM if fine?
Max: Perfect!
Summary: Max is going to MoMA with Lydia as she has 2 free tickets for tomorrow at 2 pm.
Dialogue: Dave: OMG, I'm a dork!
Lynn: ???
Dave: I was just cranking the volume on my computer when my headset is plugged in!
Lynn: LOL! Couldn't hear? LOL!!!
Dave: LOL!!! Dork!!!
Lynn: Totally!!!
Dave: Oh well, on to my next stupid move of the day!
Summary: Dave was turning up the volume on his computer with his headset plugged in.
Dialogue: Kylie: do you know Anastasia launched her new line of products?
Lisa: wow
Lisa: she just began a campaign!
Kylie: I know I can't believe it 
Kylie: I have to make order
Lisa: me too 
Lisa: can't wait to try it 
Summary: Anastasia has just launched a new line of products and began a campaign.
Dialogue: Agnes: ha the Czech Republic won't stop surprising me
Agnes: <file_photo>
Agnes: these stairs lead to... the shower :D
Audrey: hahaha
Jackie: wow
Audrey: it's a house right?
Agnes: no I'm renting a room
Agnes: it's a kind of a tenement house
Agnes: and maybe I'll eat this today!
Agnes: <file_photo>
Jackie: boy I love this ice cream!
Summary: Agnes is in the Czech Republic. She's renting a room in a tenement house. She'll probably eat ice cream today.
Dialogue: Jane: Pick up the laundry on your way back.
Mike: Pages Lane?
Jane: No, Kim's Laundry, I already paid
Mike: ok
Summary: Mike will collect laundry from Kim's Laundry at Jane's request. He doesn't have to pay.
Dialogue: Rita: Hi, Ann, you all right?
Ann: Yes, I'm fine:), you?
Rita: Not bad. Would you be able to spare a few hours on Sunday?
Ann: Sure, what's up?
Rita: Jack told me you are considering getting a dog.
Ann: That's right. I am playing with the idea.
Rita: There is this animal shelter I am a volunteer at.
Ann: Well, I was thinking about a puppy, not a grown-up dog.
Rita: There are puppies at the shelter as well.
Ann: I don't know.
Rita: C'mon, you can take a look. No obligations.
Ann: All right. Let's go and take a look.
Rita: Cool. I'll pick you up Sunday morning.
Summary: Ann considers getting a dog. Rita is a volunteer at an animal shelter. Rita wants Ann to go there and take a look. They will go there together on Sunday morning.
Dialogue: Tessa Rick: Good morning, Mr Chards. I hope you have found the documents arranged the way you wanted them. The whiteboard in the conference room has been set as well, just the way you wanted.
Will Chards: Good morning Ms Rick, thank you, everything is perfect. The only thing are the minutes of our  last conference - you haven't keyed them in and printed as I expected you to. But it won't be a problem I suppose.
Tessa Rick: But of course I did. You'll find them on my desk in the out-tray. I don't think I remember you ever asking to have them on you desk.
Will Chards: Oh I'm sorry. It must have been a misunderstanding. I hope the stand-in will cope with taking minutes of this conference. I'm not very happy about your holidays precisely at this time of the year.
Tessa Rick: I'm sorry to hear that but you gave me your permission long ago. I was unable to change my arrangements. And I am absolutely sure that the stand-in will cope with flying colors. I have trained her more than thoroughly.
Will Chards: I do hope so. So you are back in the country on the 20th of January, as I can see in the planner.
Tessa Rick: That's correct. I'm back in the office on the 22nd, as agreed.
Will Chards: Certainly I wish you a nice holidays. But it is the last time I have to have my office run by a stand-in for such a long time. I hope you'll at least be online all the time in case I needed to ask you something.
Tessa Rick: Thank you for the good wishes. But I'm afraid reliable internet connection is what one cannot find in Cuba.
Tessa Rick: Thank you and good-bye Mr Chards.
Summary: Will Chards is going to a conference. Tessa Rick, who works for him, has prepared everything he needed and gone for a holiday to Cuba. There will be a stand-in, as Tessa Rick won’t be back at work until January 22th. Will Chards is not happy and wants her to be online all the time, but she can't.
Dialogue: Ford: when should I go and pick you up?
Gary: I think that 6.30PM would be just fine
Gerard: for me it is also fine
Ford: OK!
Ford: The bitches don't know what's coming
Gary: we wil kill that party
Gerard: I guess that another door will fly :)
Ford: haha, don't turn your "Andrew" mode on :))))
Gary: <file_gif> XD
Gerard: I bet that they will accidentally be pull out from hinges once more ;P
Summary: Ford will pick up Gary and Gerard at 6.30 to go to the party. 
Dialogue: John: hey madam Lucy
Lucy: hey
John: got youre number from the departmental secretaries and was wondering if you updated my CAT marks in the system
Lucy: remind me your registration number?
John: DBITNRB229916
Lucy: yes, i remember your case, but i told you to talk with the HOD first about your class attendance record
John: Yes i explained myself to him
Lucy: then?
John: he said it was okay
Lucy: ill have to confirm that with him on Monday
John: okay the, but i'll look for you at the staff lounge in the course of this week just to seek clarification about the CAT marks
Lucy: okay then
John: thanks Lucy
Lucy: you're welcome John
Summary: John wants to know if his CAT marks are updated. Lucy needs to consult it with the HOD on Monday. John will look for Lucy at the staff lounge this week to deal with the issue.
