Dialogue: Clem: to difficult for Helena tomorrow, she's leaving for Torun the next morning
Maria: neither can't Yoli!! Could u send a mail to everyone?
Clem: I don't have the listing... I'll ask Lisa
Maria: ok, at least i empty my dining room, and we'll do it at home. I talk to Antonio before
Clem: i talk to Jim as well
Summary: Clem will talk to Jim and ask Lisa to send an email to everyone. Maria will talk to Antonio and empty the dining room so that they can do it at home.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi, do you have plans for New Year’s Eve?
Maggie: Hi, not yet. Any suggestions? ;-)
Chris: Maybe… ;-) Wanna stay home or feeling like going out?
Maggie: Tom wants to stay home. AS ALWAYS.
Chris: What’s his excuse this year? 
Maggie: You know, he’s always tired…
Chris: And what about you? 
Maggie: Well, you know me, I like people, parties…Remember Jack’s birthady party two year ago? ;-)
Chris: I’ll never forget it, I swear to God… 
Chris:  So, maybe you can talk him over?
Maggie: yeah, it’d be nice if we’d finally go out somewhere.
Chris: Want me to talk with your hubby? ;-)
Maggie: Try, but can’t promise anything. You know him.
Chris: Yeah, I know, as stubborn as a mule…
Maggie: Listen, maybe you can drop in and celebrate with us?
Chris: Well, maybe it’s not a bad idea…
Maggie: you bet it isn’t!!:-)I’ll talk to Tom
Chris: OK, then I’ll talk to Jane and I’ll give you a call.
Maggie: Perfect, can’t wait to see you both!
Chris: Sounds we’re gonna have fun this time 
Maggie: You won’t be disappointed.
Summary: Chris and Jane will come over to Maggie to celebrate New Year’s Eve.
Dialogue: Elise: <file_photo>
Elise: my brother's new girlfriend... :(
Svante: hahaha dont worry Elise, he seems happy ;) ;)
Paula: <file_gif>
Paula: how old is she?
Elise: dont know... looks 40 acts like 13... 
Summary: Elise's brother has a new girlfriend. Elise doesn't like her.
Dialogue: Logan: Where are you?
Beth: at home
Logan: already?
Beth: I was tired
Logan: But you left without saying anything 
Beth: I know, I didn't want to be a kill joy
Logan: but we were worried that something happened
Beth: I'm sorry
Logan: doesn't matter, good that you're safe
Beth: I need to rest a few days
Logan: I know, I understand it
Beth: But we can meet on Wednesday if you want
Logan: would be great
Beth: ok, I'll write you
Logan: great
Summary: Beth is at home. Logan is surprised that Beth left without saying goodbye. Beth and Logan are probably meeting again on Wednesday.
Dialogue: David: hi! i was going through the old pictures .. time surely flies.. miss those old days man!
Sam: same here .. that carefree life... now its so much stress .. it was good being young...
David: yea.. but at that time we wanted to grow up, be independent have girl friends lol
Sam: lol yeah.. hey remember Jennie?  
David: yes how can i forget her.. our first crush.. we both tried to woo her but she didnt come to either of us lol
Sam: yes... she met accident few days ago
David: OMG really? is she ok? 
Sam: i guess so .. she was driving car and her boyfriend was with her when she met accident, her boy friend passed away on the spot.
David: thats such a bad newss.. what about her?
Sam: she is under observation..  
David: i hope she gets well soon.. how do you know all?
Sam: her boyfriend was my cousin! 
David: oh may his soul rest in peace.. that was very sad to hear.
Sam: yes  :(
Summary: David and Sam miss the old days. Sam's cousin passed away and his girlfriend Jennie's been under observation since the accident.
Dialogue: Dawn: hey
Dike: hey bro
Dawn: im cool, call me if you have some airtime, we need to talk
Dike: okay then
Summary: Dawn wants Dike to call him when he can.
Dialogue: Charity: hey
Joyce: hey
Charity: is the HOD in yet?
Joyce: who is this?
Charity: i'm her student
Joyce: well okay, he was here but he left for a while
Charity: okay then
Joyce: check him later
Summary: Charity wants to know if HOD is in but he has already left.
Dialogue: George: If the problem is not solved soon, i will want you to return me the money for the card
Thomas: This problem is easy to solve
George: Ok, it would be awesome, because i really don't know how to make my card work
Thomas: You need have the same information of ESNCARD.ORG
George: I do have. this is why I don't know where the problem is. I even checked it now a few times
Thomas: Check if you have the same home university
George: Yes, all is the same
Thomas: Then check if you don’t add names you should have the name in same way of esncard
George: Yes all is the same. It is beeing rejected all the time
Thomas: Yesterday I solved the same problem that you have for two girls. The problem was the names and the university
Summary: George has a problem with his esncard and demands a refund if Thomas won't fix it. Although all the information on the card is the same as at ESNCARD.ORG, it doesn't work.
Dialogue: Josh: Thanks! Do you know her size?
Monica: Don't you?
Josh: I tried being discreet about it, but every method I found on the internet failed.
Monica: What did you do?
Josh: I tried tying a string around her finger, but she woke up.
Monica: Yeah, she's a light sleeper. 
Josh: Now I know that. I tried getting her to buy a ring so that I could measure it.
Monica: That's a good idea!
Josh: Not really. We spent the entire evening at different shops, she measured virtually any ring she could find but didn't buy anything.
Monica: Hahaha! I know! I remember one time we went shopping. I came out with 3 full shopping bags and she just got a slurpee.
Josh: Not funny. 
Monica: Don't worry, I'll figure something out. 
Summary: Josh wants to buy her a ring, but he doesn't know her size. Monica will help him to figure it out. 
Dialogue: Alex: Round two tomorrow for sunset at hermossa ?
Ben: <file_gif>
Luke: Isis and I will come too. We'll have our own car
Anna: woooo!
Victor: yeah!
Owen: I’m up for it
Alex: Surf camp 4pm, whoever needs a ride
Summary: Alex, Ben, Luke, Isis, Anna, Victor and Owen are going to see the sunset at Hermossa tomorrow. Luke and Isis will take their own car. Alex offers a ride from the surf camp at 4 PM.
Dialogue: Mel: what's going on with Sharon then?
Louise: don't know but it can't be good!
Ellie: why? what happened?
Mel: All the big bosses and HR were in the office yesterday and Sharon got called into a meeting...
Louise: our management were in there as well for ages!
Ellie: I wonder why? 
Mel: maybe something to do with that argument with Carrie last week?
Louise: probably, I heard it got pretty ugly!
Mel: we were in the next office and could hear the shouting - not good! 
Ellie: what happened?!?! I missed everything!
Mel: Carrie and Sharon had a big fall out and the way Sharon spoke to Carrie was quite bad. I wouldn't dare talk to a manager like that! 
Louise: Sharon can have quite a foul mouth on her if she wants. 
Ellie: I hope Carrie is ok then...
Mel: she was fine, a bit shaken but ok, I saw her afterwards. Sharon stormed off though. 
Louise: well, I assume we will hear soon enough what it is all about -  team meeting Thursday...
Ellie: I'm not in the office until Thursday ladies, so I'll see you then! Keep me posted if anything goes on though! 
Mel: will do, have a good week! 
Louise: see you soon! 
Ellie: you too!
Mel: Louise, are you doing a home visit at Ruben's this afternoon? I'm after a lift to Church road...
Louise: lucky you, I am and I'll drop you off. Not until 2.30 though...
Mel: Perfect thanks! see you in a bit. 
Louise: see you!
Summary: Sharon was called into the disciplinary meeting with bosses after a loud argument with her manager Carrie. There will be a team meeting on Thursday. Louise will drop Mel off around 2:30.
Dialogue: Clarissa: <photo_file>
Jessica: What a view!
Olympia: I envy you !!!
Summary: Jessica and Olympia like Clarissa's photo.
Dialogue: Terry: Who should take a car tonight?
Mary: I'd prefer not to
Charlotte: I can drive, I don't mind it
Terry: thanks! I would like to relax tonight, because it's me who always drives
Charlotte: I know, don't worry, this time I'll do it for us
Summary: Charlotte's going to drive tonight.
Dialogue: Alan: Did you see that accident on you way to work?
Kev: I did. Though I wish I hadn't.
Alan: It must have been some crazy kid who had got hold of his dad's car and lost control of it.
Kev: Who knows.
Alan: The car is a total write-off. 
Kev: Good for nothing. 
Alan: There was an ambulance. I wonder if it was as serious as it looked.
Kev: They'll talk about that in the local news, for sure.
Alan: Maybe it will be a warning to some daredevils.
Kev: I don't think so. If you're nuts about speed, there's nothing that can stop you.
Alan: There is. Another car, a tree, a lamp post...
Kev: I didn't mean that.
Alan: I know. Anyway, I'm wondering if the traffic jam has eased off. Lots of people from the office must be stuck there.
Kev: I'm still alone in the room. Blissful peace and quiet :-)
Alan: Enjoy while you can :-)
Summary: There was an accident on Alan and Kev's way to work. Car is crashed. Ambulance came. Alan is thinking about traffic jam that it caused, Kev is happy to still be at the office.
Dialogue: Sydney: <file_video>
Sydney: This is the video Karolina took while u were dancing😃😄😃😄😃😄
Andrew: Omg so terrible((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))
Sydney: But it is so funny!! XDXDXDXDXDXD(*^3^)/~☆
Sydney: You looked like the octopus caught by the fisherman and shacking on the boat
Andrew: I was drunk!!(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)
Sydney: I still remember what the instructor said to you 
Sydney: What did he say to you?
Andrew: Only one way I can dance well(－－〆)
Sydney: That's the point! (⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）
Sydney: You drank a lot and you looked like a live dancing octopus XD
Andrew: Not everybody can be talented in dancing!
Sydney: Of course you are right (●＾o＾●)(
Sydney: But not many people could dance like octopus like you XDXD
Andrew: Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!
Summary: Karolina took a video of Andrew dancing when he was drunk.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hey, are the chickens available now? Are there eggs as well?
Magdalena: Happy New Year!!! Have fun you all! <file_gif>
Martina: (Y) Hello to everyone in 2019! You are most welcome to buy Peking ducks, moulards and green legged cocks. Transport available.30zl/kg. Eggs 0.8zl per one. 
Patricia: Where are you from?
Martina: Sierakow area
Eve: Hello, are those cocks young?
Magdalena: A bit expensive for me. I buy chickens in my hometown for 30zl per bird
Ella: Where is the delivery point?
Martina: A cock is not a  chicken. the meat tastes differently. Delivery is personalized.
Summary: Martina sells Peking ducks, moulards and green legged cocks for 30 zl/kg and eggs for 0.8zl per one. Transportation and delivery are personalized. Martina's from Sierakow area. Magdalena buys chickens for 30zl per bird.
Dialogue: Kelly: I'm going to Paul tomorrow and again i feel I don't know what is expecting me there
Ann: We never know what expects us tomorrow
Kelly: But maybe it's how it should be
Jenny: Yes
Jenny: a partner is not a dog
Jenny: They are free to go away any minute
Ann: Or a Disney princess (I am watching sleeping beauty now on TV)
Kelly: 😂😂😂 Yes, so they have the right to leave us and we should be able to see life after them always
Ann: Yes, this is the biggest problem of the ideology of love. The idea that love is life. Love has been equated with life. Especially for women, but not only, also for men. People can't imagine life without it
Kelly: Yes, but we love this dream of life that is love and love that is life
Ann: And this creates dependency, jealousy, frustrations, drama
Ann: It's not even a very beautiful dream to be with someone all your life. The promise of no change. Stability forever. It is what capitalism needs from us - 40 years of mortgage and marriage
Kelly: Ahaha, yes and that somebody will take care of us when we are sick. 
Ann: Love is beautiful, intense, crazy and brief. And it was transformed in a long lasting good, a house. Something like this.
Kelly: But i think, or I suppose that we should be able to love for life potentially. We cannot approach love with a plan
Ann: Yes, sure, but a substantial group of people, not one. But the problem is that love is mostly approached with one plan. Being together, get married, etc
Ann: Or now, under the new regime of supposed sexual freedom, with the opposite plan: nothings lasts and love doesn't matter. But this is substituting an ideology with another, when we should just let it be.
Ann: Simply 😅
Kelly: Yes, I agree
Jenny: and most of all this myth of love as life is a disappointing lie that makes people suffer a lot
Ann: Yes, the dependency that it creates is horrible
Ann: I see it with my friends, it breaks my heart
Kelly: sounds sad
Summary: Kelly is going to Paul tomorrow and doesn't know what to expect. Ann and Jenny share their views on the ideology of love. 
Dialogue: Sean: Where are you? I'm waiting... xoxo
David: I'm on the bus. Hurrying to get to you mister!
Sean: Mmm, the bed is warm...
Summary: David is on the bus to get to Sean. He's awaiting him and the bed is warm.
Dialogue: Tom: What do u mean all hell broke loose?
Ricky: At first, it was windy. Then the waves were getting bigger and bigger. The ship started rocking a little bit, but as the wind and the waves intensified, the ship rocked even harder. 
Shelly: Geez!
Ricky: I even thought that the waves could tumble the ship and we could sink.
Tom: It was a cruise ship, right?
Ricky: I know, not possible, unless ur an Italian captain, but still that's what I thought.
Shelly: Quite a story. Fortunately, nothing happened?
Tom: Nah. The next day was super sunny and extra hot, so sightseeing was a little bit hard but pleasant.
Ricky: Good 4 u!
Tom: How about u, Shelly?
Shelly: What about me?
Ricky: Tell us ur story, ofc.
Summary: Ricky had a hard time on the cruise ship because of bad weather. The next day was good, but sightseeing was hard because of the heat.
Dialogue: Charlotte: you know it was my birtday?
Peter: i know
Charlotte: do you have any gift for me?
Peter: no
Charlotte: why?
Peter: i thought we are not making presents to each other
Charlotte: but you got one from me.
Peter: i told you you didn't have to
Charlotte: and i told you i wanted to
Charlotte: does it mean that you didn't wanted to give me anything?
Peter: it's not like this..
Charlotte: so it's what?
Peter: do we have to talk this way?
Charlotte: which way?
Peter: like having argument
Charlotte: we are not having argument
Charlotte: i'm just curious
Peter: i have forgotten to buy but i will have something
Charlotte: ehhh..
Peter: what?
Charlotte: nothing
Summary: It was Charlotte's birthday. She expected Peter to buy her a present, since she had given one to him. She is not happy. Peter is going to get something for her.
Dialogue: Lora: Hi, this is Lora from the insurance company. I was about to visit your home for inspection.
Mary: hi Lora yeah i was expecting you today. Waiting for you what  you are coming.
Lora: Actually i near by your house can i come now.
Mary: yes please i am  waiting for you. See you.
Lora: thanks maam i am on my way would see you in 10 mins.
Summary: Lora from the insurance company will inspect Mary's house in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Margo: What time does the band start tonight?
Gerry: It's not tonight, it's tomorrow dufus!
Margo: Oh, crap! I thought it was Saturday!
Gerry: Dumass!
Margo: I'm supposed to be at work in an hour!
Gerry: FAHK!
Margo: Cya!
Summary: Margo thought it was Saturday, but it's Friday and she has to be at work in an hour.
Dialogue: Indy: Hi Georgie
Indy: Just to let you know, Maxwell won't be coming to you tomorrow, he is not well so I'd better keep him home. 
Georgie: no worries! thanks for letting me know, hope he feels better soon.
Indy: Thanks! 
Summary: Maxwell is not coming tomorrow.
Dialogue: Julie: Did they ring you?
Karen: No, what about? 
Julie: Someone rang in sick again .....can you work?
Karen: No I haven't got childcare....
Julie: That's a shame
Karen: I know...who are you going to work with then? 
Julie: No idea.  I expecti it will be someone who hasn't been here before
Karen: Who rang in sick? 
Julie: Maureen
Karen: No idea why she even works there. She's always off sick. Good luck
Julie: Thanks. I'll need it!!!
Summary: Karen can't work because she hasn't got childcare. Julie expects she will work with someone new. Maureen rang in sick again.
Dialogue: Peter: When did you last time see Eric?
Paul: I think about a month ago
Peter: Me too...
Peter: At Brenda's birthday
Paul: That's strange
Paul: He never skipped trainings
Peter: First I thought he was sick 
Peter: I even sent him a message to see if he was ok
Peter: "I'm fine, mate"
Peter: This is what he wrote
Peter: Nothing more
Paul: Maybe he's having difficult time
Paul: But I have no idea why would that be
Peter: Maybe we should visit him
Peter: He was never really close to me but I'm worried
Summary: Peter and Paul saw Eric last time a month ago at Brenda's birthday. Peter sent him a message, but Eric was laconic.
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Luc: Wow
Luc: hahaha
Luc: Fair enough tbh
Monica: I thought of you when I saw it
Summary: Monica sent a funny picture to Luc.
Dialogue: Mark: Cracow?
Lucy: No, Warsaw
Lucy: why?
Mark: I will be 2morrow in Cracow and then we're going to the mountains :D
Lucy: which mountains?
Mark: Tatras..
Lucy: really? 
Lucy: bastard, why didn't u tell me before?
Mark: it's a last minute choice.
Mark: but we still have a place in the car:D
Lucy: how long u wanna stay there?
Mark: till Monday
Lucy: hmm....
Lucy: what time are u leaving?
Mark: 2morrow aftrer work, around 5, I guess.
Lucy: so u want to sleep in Cracow?
Mark: probably yes.
Mark: still not sure..
Lucy: how many pple?
Mark: 4 or 5 if u're coming ^^
Lucy: Yes, I'm in! 
Lucy: and we can sleep at my place ;-)
Mark: perfect, thx!
Mark: I'll add you to the group where we discuss the details
Lucy: thx.
Summary: Mark invites Lucy to join him and 3 other people for a trip to Tatra Mountains. The group is going by car on Friday afternoon. They will probably spend Friday night in Cracow and then head off to the mountains. They will come back on Monday.
Dialogue: Meg: you guys wanna hit the gym tonight?
Liz: nooo...
Thom: what time?
Meg: don't know... 8pm?
Thom: too late! 7pm?
Meg: ok. 7pm. come on Liz!
Liz: I’m tired…
Meg: everyone is tired. you’re lazy! :)
Thom: I’m tired too but I’m fat :/
Meg: stop it. you’re perfect.
Liz: someone has a crush on Thom… :)
Meg: silence! you lazy woman! ;p
Thom: I love you too Meg
Meg: I know Thom
Thom: Meg + Fat Thom forever
Liz: ok that’s awkward now…
Summary: Meg and Thom are going to the gym at 7 pm and want Liz to join them.
Dialogue: Ray: shit, I'm so not prepared for this exam!
Ray: <file_gif>
Catherine: oh stop, it will go well
Ray: what if I fail?
Catherine: then you you'll take it one more time
Ray: no, I don't want to go through this again, I need to pass it on Thursday!
Catherine: you're worse than my Grannie, I tell you
Ray: <file_gif>
Summary: Ray is afraid he won't pass the exam on Thursday and he will have go through it again.
Dialogue: Andrea: Have you heard about Mitch?
Rebecca: No, what happened?
Andrea: He broke up with Melanie!
Rebecca: Are you kidding me?
Andrea: No, it's for real! I couldn't believe it! They were supposed to get married next month!
Rebecca: What happened? I don't know, rumor has it Melanie cheated on him!
Summary: Mitch broke up with Melanie just before the wedding because she cheated on him. It's hard for both Andrea and Rebecca to believe it. 
Dialogue: Martha: I feel like drinking banana juice
Sebastian: Are you on your period or what?
Martha: Fuck you! Just buy me a god damn banana juice!
Sebastian: kk
Sebastian: Don't kill me yet
Martha: Shut up and come back without my juice
Summary: Martha wants a banana juice. Sebastian thinks Martha has a period. His remark makes her angrier.
Dialogue: Jack: We're already at the Mongoosh. Where are you Jason?
Jason: On my way. Can you guys order for me too? I'll be there soon.
Andy: Sure what you want?
Jason: Send me the menu.
Andy: <file_photo>
Jason: Chicken Tikka Masala for me please!
Summary: Jack and Andy are at the Mongoosh and Jason will join them soon. Jason wants them to order Chicken Tikka Masala for him.
Dialogue: Darcey: Can you tell I didn't have anything to eat today? I'm so skinny!
Ethan: I wish you wouldn't do that. You're going to pass out!
Darcey: I will not! I have fat to live on.
Ethan: You realize you're just making your body go into starvation? You'll just store more fat.
Darcey: That's not true!
Ethan: It is. I read it.
Darcey: I lost 5 whole pounds last week. So there!
Ethan: It may work temporarily but it isn't safe.
Darcey: I might go Keto. But it sounds gross.
Ethan: Better than starving yourself.
Darcey: Maybe. 
Ethan: I'm not kidding, you're just going to make it worse.
Darcey: I will not!
Ethan: Fine. I hate arguing with you.
Darcey: Coward!
Ethan: I think you look good the way you are. You are not fat!
Darcey: Thanks, but I am fat!
Ethan: You are so frustrating!
Darcey: And fat! LOL!
Ethan: Not fat!
Summary: Darcey is trying to lose weight and he didn't eat anything today. Ethan is concerned about him starving.
Dialogue: Darin: Have you seen Tabitha?
Serena: Nope. Haven't seen her since Tuesday.
Darin: Shoot. Where is she?
Serena: No idea. Sorry.
Darin: I think she may have gone off somewhere alone.
Serena: Not good.
Darin: Definitely not.
Summary: Serena has not seen Tabitha since Tuesday. Tabitha might be travelling somewhere on her own. Darin and Serena think this is bad.
Dialogue: June: And the party?
Chris: As said, insane!
June: Tell me more :)
Chris: Y weren't u there?
June: Sick :(
Chris: Sry to hear that. Well, it started with some light drinking.
June: Yeah, right. U and light drinking.
Chris: Fine! We drank and drank until we got stoned!
June: More like it!
Chris: Than Jake decided it's a good idea to jump off the roof into the pool.
June: Sick!
Chris: I know! But he did it! And everyone was like - that's fun!
June: Don't tell me someone else did it?
Chris: Well, some guys attempted it, but one fell to the floor and 2 actually made it.
June: Yikes! Did u call an ambulance?
Chris: Nah. Someone drove the poor bastard to the hospital.
June: But they must've been drunk!
Chris: Maybe.
Summary: The party was insane. June couldn't attend because he was sick. At the party they drank a lot and got stoned. Some people jumped off the roof into the pool. One person fell to the floor instead and was driven to a hospital.
Dialogue: Karen: hey - 2 questions: do you want to go for fantastic beasts with us, and second - is there any game that Matt dreams of? :D
Tom: 1 - is Matt going too? 2 - Ye I can think of something
Karen: yes he is, I would not invite you for a date lol :D
Tom: Fine then. Whats your budget? Anything goes ?
Karen: pretty much yes, he bought something for himself recently, this red dead redemption or something
Tom: i know, maybe you should get him the new pokemon for his nintendo
Karen: did he talk to you about them?
Tom: he mentioned he is interested, I will try and find out what he thinks
Karen: Awesome!
Summary: Karen, Tom and Matt will go and see "Fantastic Beasts" together. Karen wants to get Matt a game. He bought "Red Dead Redemption" recently. He mentioned to Tom that he's interested in the new Pokemon game for his Nintendo. Tom will help Karen find out what game Matt wants.
Dialogue: Julian: could you please tell me how much veggies did you use to make soup?
Julian: more or less, i'm trying to lose weight so i i'm keeping a log of everything i eat
Grace: i guess it was something about 340g per portion
Grace: but i'm not sure, sorry
Julian: thanks! :)
Summary: Julian is trying to lose weight so he's writing down what he eats. Grace used about 340g of vegetables per portion. 
Dialogue: Tom: What was your fave seasonal beer?
Tory: The season isn't over yet!
Tom: Just pick one!
Tory: Alright; the Draycott stout, whatever that was.
Tom: The Christmas one?
Tory: Yes, that one.
Tom: Okay. I'm being asked for research purposes!
Tory: I bet...
Summary: Tory's favorite bear is Draycott stout, Christmas edition.
Dialogue: Alice: How is Christmas going?
Coleman: I can barely move, I've eaten too much I believe
Eli: hahah, I had a proper Italian Christmas with my family
Alice: which is?
Eli: Like eating till you die
Alice: hahaha, I think this is an international procedure
Eli: and 7000 family members
Alice: hahaha, I'm luckily in a much smaller company
Alice: but it's already quite tiring
Alice: some family disputes
Coleman: I love it here, I am doing nothing, eating more than I should, enjoying family members I haven't seen for a long time
Coleman: I don't even want to think about all the chores awaiting me after Christmas
Eli: I quite like it too :)
Eli: this cute warm Christmas atmosphere 
Alice: I don't really get it, but whatever hahahah
Summary: Coleman and Eli are enjoying their Christmas, Alice is not sure. 
Dialogue: Kasia: We're in the group with the people from Connecticut?
Kim: seems so
Miles: oh no, they are so stupid
Kasia: I know
Summary: Kasia, Kim and Miles are in a group with the people from Connecticut.
Dialogue: Frederick: Hmm... What do you think about Brexit?
Harry: I think it was not necessary 
Henry: Yep
Henry: you knew that the guy which came up with the idea of Brexit resigned from his position?
Frederick: seriously? I didn't know that
Harry: yea, me too
Henry: and what will happen with all the people who are living there for not so long and they are foreigners
Frederick: It is a good question
Harry: I have heard that people who stayed there for like 5 years or so will not have problems with staying in GB
Henry: i've also heard that
Henry: and what will happen with those who had been living there for a shorter period of time?
Frederick: I think that they must on Teresa's mercy
Harry: hah, I think there will be no mercy for them
Henry: I also think the same way, they will be deported and their journey in GB will end
Summary: Harry thinks Brexit was not necessary. The guy who came up with this idea resigned from his position. People who have stayed in GB for more than 5 years will be able to stay. The fate of those with less than 5 years is uncertain. Harry and Henry think they will be deported.
Dialogue: David: Hey Alex, do you still teach English?
Alex: Hi!!! Long time no hear :) Yeah, I do, what's up?
David: Look, my boss is looking for someone who could teach him, so I thought about you.
Alex: Sure thing! What level is he at now?
David: Hm... Hard to tell, haven't asked ;) I think he just wants to be fluent, so he probably needs some to have conversations with.
Alex: No problem, the thing is I only have Mondays and Wednesdays off...
David: oh my, that's perfect! He's quite a busy guy, but he said Wednesday sounds fine.
Alex: Great then! Thanks for this! :)
David: Hahaha, no problem! So, can I text him your number?
Alex: Of course :)
David: He'll call you in the evening, we're still in the office. He's quite tech-savvy so he can also text you on what's app :D
Alex: Hahaha, great! How are you by the way? I owe you a coffee for this!
David: Shut up, you owe me nothing, but I would happily go out, we have so much catching up
Alex: Yeah, especially that job of yours! Sounds quite cool, huh?!
David: Can't complain ;) Is Saturday all right?
Alex: Sure thing, let me find a place and will let you know asap :)
Summary: David asks Alex if he could teach his boss english. Alex agrees. David and Alex will meet on Saturday.
Dialogue: Jane: this has honestly been the worst breakup i've ever had :-(
Jane: thanks for theing there for me <3 
Stephanie: that's what friends are for
Stephanie: you should come out with me tonight for a ocuple of dirinks?
Stephanie: it'll be fun and maybe you'll meet a cute guy
Jane: lol i'm not sure i'm ready for that
Jane: but thanks for taking care of me
Jane: i appreciate i t a lot xoxo
Summary: It was the worst breakup for Jane. Stephanie wants to take Jane for drinks. Jane is not sure she is ready for that. Jane appreciates Stephanie's care.
Dialogue: Brit: there's a sale at sephora 
Brit: you're eyeliner is 50% off
Jessica: OMG 
Jessica: thanks I have to stock up :P 
Brit: no problem
Summary: There is a sale at Sephora and Jessica will use this occasion.
Dialogue: Kate: hey, sorry for writing only now. 
Kate: I've been so busy coz my mom had an important surgery.
Kate: you're back in Warsaw?  
Kate: Looks like I'm gonna spend here the whole month!:D
Greg: No worries, is she ok?
Greg: I'm 50/50 in Warsaw and Krakow these daysB-D.
Greg: Lets meet up ;-)
Kate: Sure! 2morrow, 7.30 at Steamland?
Greg: Sounds like a plan!XD
Kate: Cya there!
Summary: Kate hasn't called as she was busy and her mom had a surgery. She will be in Warsaw for one month. Greg spends half of his time in Warsaw and the other half in Krakow. They will meet tomorrow, at 7.30 at Steamland.
Dialogue: Marilyn: we can meet at my place to do this project
Marilyn: my roommates are going away for the weekend
April: seems okay with me
Jack: i agree but we have to order some pizza, i am not doing this hungry
April: hahaha Jack you are always hungry :D
April: but that's actually a cool idea
Pauline: mmm ye i guess but to be honest i have never been to your place haha
Pauline: where do you live? :D
Marilyn: just across the street from April
Marilyn: i guess you know where she lives?
Pauline: yeah i do :D then it's really close, cool!
Jack: it's not that i am always hungry, pizza is just my motivator haha
Summary: Marilyn, April, Jack and Pauline will meet at Marylin's place to work on a project. They are going to order pizza. Marilyn lives across the street from April.
Dialogue: Filip: Hello
Alienor: Hello Filip
Filip: I have question
Filip: How seriously it would be improper if I would ask you to translate something for me from English to French
Filip: I do not have it with me now but will have it in couple hours
Filip: It is manual written by my father for device he is manufacturing
Alienor: Is it a long text?
Filip: Problem we are facing is that customer from Africa claims to speak English but they seem not to understand it. Their main language is French
Filip: Do not think so.
Alienor: If it is not too long I am happy to translate it
Filip: <file_other>chtm15ken.pdf
Filip: That is one of them and only couple sections B, c, d, f
Filip: And there is second one but have it on pc
Filip: Let me know if that is not too much to ask
Filip: <file_other> gl2m-man.pdf
Filip: That is second one but I will say more later. Please do not translate straight away
Alienor: <file_other> section B
Filip: You are Starr, I did not expect you to do anything right away
Alienor: <file_other> section_D, <file_other> section F
Alienor: I had to modify it to make it more French so it is not 100% following your text, but it means the same.
Alienor: I made it using Google Translate + correcting and adapting it so it is more French :D
Alienor: hope it is ok
Alienor: I usually do it that way so it is quicker and easier
Filip: Can I approach you in the evening about other one?
Alienor: no problem
Alienor: might only do it tomorrow though
Filip: Ok
Filip: Hello. I was cough with work yesterday and today working till late night. I did not forget about you. Just need to find some spear time 😊
Alienor: no problem
Summary: Filip wants that Alienor translates for him a manual of a device manufactured by his father from English to French. Alienor translates the fragments of the manual and sends them back to Filip. He will approach her later for some more translation.
Dialogue: Steve: Babe, could I pick you up at 1 instead of 2?
Jane: Sure, why not.
Steve: Perfect.
Jane: How come you can leave early?
Steve: Everyone has gone home, so I'm just finishing up and I can leave as well.
Jane: Lucky! Any thoughts on what we're doing tonight?
Steve: Don't really feel like doing anything, wanna just hang at home?
Jane: I thought maybe we could invite Freddie and Lucy over?
Steve: Again? Lucy is so high maintenance I don't know if I can deal with her tonight.
Jane: C'mon, give her a break, she'll be with Freddie so you won't have to entertain that much xD
Steve: OK, if you want to see them that much, but you owe me!
Jane: Sure, what do you want?
Steve: Will think of something... ;)
Summary: Steve will pick Jane up at 1 to hang at home. Jane wants to invite Freddie and Lucy over. Steve agrees.
Dialogue: Emily: Viiic lsiten
Emily: Eric invited me to go skiing with him!
Victoria: hi Em, great news! 🙂
Emily: ikr?
Emily: but listen, he invited me for the WHOLE WEEK
Victoria: that's huge, are you going?
Emily: I've heard he invited his best friend with his girlfriend
Emily: So it's gonna be his friend plus one, and Eric plus ME 😉
Victoria: omg when is the wedding
Emily: stahp
Emily: i'm very excited tho
Victoria: I understand, now, are you sleeping together in one room?
Emily: he told me he booked one room with four single beds.
Victoria: and what is this place?
Emily: some place close to Karpaty, he goes there every year with his family
Victoria: sounds legit
Emily: you're not very excited
Victoria: im just worried about you, but i guess you'll be fine
Emily: don't act like my mum lol
Victoria: ok, you got my blessing haha
Victoria: keep me posted 😉
Emily: I will! 
Summary: Eric invited Emily to go skiing with him for the whole week. Eric also invited his friend with his girlfriend. Eric booked one room with four single beds. It is a place near Karpaty, where Eric goes with his family every year. 
Dialogue: Isabella: I bought us train tickets on Sunday :)
Liam: How much do I owe you?
Isabella: Nothing, you paid for our concert tickets. :) :*
Summary: Isabella bought train tickets for Sunday. Liam paid for the concert tickets.
Dialogue: Ian: On way back see you in 20
Alice: Cool
Ian: Just noticed your house keys are in the car so don't lock yourself out
Alice: (y)
Ian: ok, on way now, got held up
Alice: K. All good?
Ian: yep stopping for fuel first
Alice: (tu)
Summary: Ian will come to the house soon, but he is stopping for fuel first. Alice has left her house keys in the car.
Dialogue: Julia: They just told me I can’t return them ;/
Monica: What?! Why?
Julia: Apparently they don’t accept returns
Kate: But did you have a receipt?
Julia: Of course I did, I showed them everything. I didn’t use them even once
Monica: I know! Is this even legal?
Julia: Apparently it is, there was an information at the cashier’s desk…
Kate: oh come on, no one reads this stuff. Aren’t they obligated to inform you about this?
Monica: I’m pretty sure they are, but now there’s no way she can prove they didn’t
Julia: Exactly…
Julia: So basically I have a pair of shoes to sell. Any takers?
Monica: Send a photo, I’ll send it around
Julia: <file_photo>
Kate: They’re really nice, you sure you don’t want them?
Julia: Well, they don’t fit so yeah, unfortunately
Monica: Pity, what size?
Julia: 6.5
Summary: Julia can't return her new shoes. Monica will send around a photo of the shoes to look for a buyer.
Dialogue: Joona: Hi, have you arrived to Stockholm?
Jenny: not yet, we decided to stay a few days in Mariehamn
Tim: Aland Islands are really beautiful, you should come here
Joona: nice! enjoy!
Summary: Jenny haven't arrived to Stockholm yet. They decided to stay for a few days in Mariehamn. Tom suggests Aland Islands.
Dialogue: Diana: hello
Max: hi
Diana: i have some crazy idea
Max: again? :P
Diana: ha ha ha.
Diana: not funny
Max: oh come on
Diana: never mind
Diana: will you go with me to my parents?
Max: what?
Diana: i just want you to meet them
Max: i think its too early
Max: we know each other for two weeks
Summary: Diana wants Max to meet her parents. He thinks it's too early.
Dialogue: Ana: Hey!! We didn't see each other yesterday :(
Ana: I was feeling really ill, so I couldn't come... but can you tell me what I missed?
Lewis: not much really... I mean, just some organisational info, I can send you the info later.
Ana: ok thanks :)
Summary: Ana didn't come yesterday because she was sick. But she only missed organisational information.
