Dialogue: Allison: Have I left my car keys in your house?
Gianna: you've left some keys with a heart-shaped charm
Gianna: <file_photo>
Allison: Ok, these are they, I'm going back.
Gianna: ok
Summary: Allison left her car keys with a heart-shaped charm at Gianna's house, so she's going back. 
Dialogue: Cailyn: Good morning. How was Ur yesterday weekend? Haha
Alden: Morning. It was boring
Cailyn: Oh why?
Alden: Still is
Cailyn: Why u didn't go out with friends?
Alden: Because I don't have any friends
Cailyn: Ah I meant e.g flatmates
Alden: I'm alone. They moved me out the house I was in before yesterday. And the work mates I usually go out with are away working
Cailyn: Why they moved u out?
Alden: They moved everyone
Cailyn: Ah ok. Anyway I know how annoying it is when u don't have anyone to go out with.. it's like me here in turin
Alden: It's ok I'm used to it
Cailyn: Ok. I wanted to find some fob here in turin. As a teacher of English or any other job with polish or English. But it's not possible here. I noticed that for italian people it's more important when a person who is going to teach is a native speaker of English than has teaching skills
Alden: Oh really. That sucks
Cailyn: I know my English is not like English of any native speaker of English. For me it's stupid. Italian people don't speak English and they look for only native speakers haha I'm a native speaker of polish but I would never be able to teach polish. Yesterday i called one number from the advert. As the first question I was asked if I'm a native speaker of English. When I said no the guy just said "thank you, have a nice day" and he ended the call. He did it when I was trying to tell him what I study etc that I have teaching skills
Alden: Haha that's bad
Cailyn: Yes
Summary: Alden does not have any friends or flatmates to go out with at the weekend. Cailyn understands him because she does not have many friends in Turin. Cailyn has been unable to find a job because he is not a native speaker of English.
Dialogue: Brenda: Hello bro, you've got an invalid sister. I fell in the bathroom and badly hit my side. Can hardly move now.
Andy: Good gracious! How did you manage that?
Brenda: The floor was wet after I had a shower and I wanted to shake the rug, moved too fast, slipped, and hit with a thump my left side below the breast against the edge of the bathtub. Took my breath away for a sec. I even yelled or groaned or gasped. Anyway I was on the floor, shocked. Absolutely shocked. I thought, so that's how it happens. But I managed to get up and didn't realise the pain until I stretched to put my nighty on. Oh bro... Horrible....
Andy: You could have killed yourself. Where are you now?
Brenda: In bed. But I can hardly move. It's very painful all over the body. SHIIIIT!
Andy: Maybe you should call in an ambulance? Are you sure you haven't broken something? A rib?
Brenda: No, then I'd be howling with pain. It's just the impact of the fall that has, I don't know, damaged the tissue. Whatever I have here. Fat I suppose. It has to heal by itself.
Andy: Can you breath normally?
Brenda: Yes. I can't take a deep breath though.
Andy: Can you touch your bruised side? Is it swollen? Red?
Brenda: I can touch it, not press of course, but stroke. No, it isn't swollen. The skin is as usual, no discolouration. But this will come later, I suppose.
Andy: Not necessarily. It might as well remain unaffected. I mean the epidermis, the skin itself. Though I'd expect it to develop a bruise.
Andy: Are you coughing? Coughing blood?
Brenda: God! No! I'll see how I feel in the morning. I just need a rest. I feel so rotten, bro...
Andy: My worry would be that you've damaged something inside you. You know, split spleen, punctured lung.That sort of thing.You just watch your body.
Brenda: Yes, I will. I understand what you mean. I thought so as well. Just see how I feel tomorrow morning. Fucking hell! I can hardly pull myself up.
Andy: If I were you, I would go and see the doc first thing in the morning.
Brenda: And he'll send me to have an x-ray. I can't bear the thought of driving or even walking.
Andy: Well, he can come to your place and you'll be driven to hospital in an ambulance.
Brenda: You stop scaring the shit out of me! I am not that invalid. It's just bloody painful but I think I'm in one piece.
Andy: I don't know Brenda. One shouldn't take it too light those falls. You may still be in a state of shock and are underrating your condition. Will you phone me first thing in the morning please? Still from bed? Luise is gone by 7:30, so you won't be waking anyone up.
Brenda: OK brother. I will give you a call. Of course if I'm still alive.
Andy: Sister!! Anyway I wish you a good night's sleep. Have a good rest!
Brenda: Thanks bro. Sleep tight too. 
Brenda: And don't worry about me.
Summary: Brenda fell in the bathroom and badly hit her site. She is now in bed with a lot of pains. She can't take a deep breath. Her brother, Andy, is afraid she damaged something inside her body and tells her to watch it. He wants her to call him in the morning to report how she feels.
Dialogue: Maya: i'm getting so annoyed with my new phone
Henry: why did you get it in the first place?
Maya: mmmm this is embarrassing :-/
Maya: but it fell on the toilet
Henry: HAHAHAHAHA you definitely had to get a new one
Summary: Maya had to get a new phone, as she drowned the old one in the toilet.
Dialogue: Caroline: It's so nice outside! ☀️ ☀️ ☀️ 
Caroline: Let's go to English bay
Branson: You're right haha
Branson: It rained the whole week time for some sun 
Caroline: Let's call Evan
Caroline: Set up a grill on the bay ☀️ 
Branson: Sounds like a good idea
Branson: We have to go to Walmart to get some food then 🧺
Caroline: Yep, I can drive
Caroline: You all can drink 
Branson: Thats nice of you! 
Caroline: Let's meet up at my place! 
Caroline: 5pm works?
Branson: Sure thing 
Summary: Caroline and Branson are going to go to the English bay. They'll call Evan to join them.
Dialogue: Tori: I still cant believe you behaved like this with me :(
Sylas: You were being so annoying :/
Tori: You should have talked a bit politely
Sylas: I am sorry :(
Tori: You should be
Sylas: hmm
Tori: We will talk in college tomorrow
Sylas: k
Summary: Sylas was unpolite with Tori because she was annoying. Sylas is sorry. They will talk in college tomorrow.
Dialogue: Leah: You got more marks than me :/
Mark: Yeah Ik
Leah: But I helped your during exams
Mark: I knew it all, was just making the answers confirm
Leah: :/
Mark: Are you done with the preparation of the next one?
Leah: No I havent
Summary: Leah helped Mark during exams. Mark got more marks than Leah. Leah hasn't finished preparing to the next exam. 
Dialogue: Aria: 40 dollars - told you! :P
Lia: Oh that's great! I'm so proud of you hon :D
Aria: Thanks mom :)
Lia: What will you have to do?
Aria: I'll tell you at home x
Lia: Will you be late?
Summary: Aria will be paid 40 dollars.
Dialogue: Winston: breaking bad!
Clifford: not again!
Madeline: why? i like that too
Clifford: yeah, me too, but he's seen it how many times?
Winston: the first season like 10 times, the whole series, 3 times
Summary: Winston insists on watching "Breaking Bad" again but Clifford is against it.
Dialogue: Arabella: Are you planning to go to Misty's Magazine in the next few days?
Arabella: I need some stockings.
Aretha: Hi, Yes, I might go there.
Aretha: Which one do you need?
Arabella: Same as usual, balck, size M.
Arabella: Two pairs.
Aretha: Okey, no problem :)
Arabella: Thx! 
Summary: Aretha will get Arabella two pairs of black stockings, size M from Misty's magazine when she's there in the next few days.
Dialogue: Danny: Do I need to bring anything?
Frank: No, no, we’re sorted, just waiting for all of you to come :)
Leo: Grace and I are bringing some wine.
Frank: Cool! xxx
Summary: Danny and Leo are going to visit Frank. Leo's bringing some wine.
