Dialogue: Barbara: So are you coming to dad's birthday? :)
Charlie: Yes
Charlie: But what time exactly?
Barbara: 5 p.m. or maybe a bit later
Charlie: Ok, I'll be there
Thomas: I'm afraid I won't make it
Summary: Barbara is coming to dad's birthday at around 5 p.m. Charlie will be there but Thomas won't make it.
Dialogue: Mary: don't forget to pick up your sister!
Freddie: fine at 6 right?
Mary: yes
Freddie: Mom can you get me some ice cream at the store
Mary: sure chocolate?
Freddie: yes :) 
Summary: Freddie will pick up his sister. Mary will buy some ice cream for Freddie.
Dialogue: Olga: yo
Frida: hey
Olga: whatsup?
Frida: nothing special
Frida: another episode of Narcos :)
Olga: oh i love it!
Olga: bu i have seen only two seasons
Frida: i will not tell you the story of next one :)
Frida: dont worry
Olga: thanks
Olga: i have to find time to watch it 
Frida: when i finish i will start it from the very beginning
Frida: it's so good series :)
Summary: Frida is a fan of the series "Narcos". Olga also appreciates "Narcos" but has only seen two seasons.
Dialogue: Adam: Have u seen last Dizzy's clip?
Mark: Yep, It's brilliant!
Adam: I think it's the best one!
Summary: Mark and Adam love Dizzy's last video.
Dialogue: Ann: Are you inside the church?
Kate: yes, but in the side chapel.
Ann: That's why I couldn't find you. This church is monstrous! 
Kate: It is, but I like the stained-glass windows
Ann: soso, I'm coming, stay there!
Summary: Kate is in the side chapel of the church.
Dialogue: Max: What time will you be home?
Julia: Today? I don't know
Max: Really? 
Julia: Yeah ... lots of things to catch up in work 
Max: Oh well ...
Julia: I'm really sorry! 
Max: No worries, I will make dinner and wait for you.
Julia: You're the best! 
Summary: Julia has a lot of work to do and she will be home late. Max will prepare the dinner and wait for her.
Dialogue: Linda: Hey, are you okay? You were practically falling asleep at the meeting.
Percy: Not really, no. I couldn't sleep in between the all the crying last night.
Linda: New daddy, new lifestyle. How's Martha taking it?
Percy: I would say she's doing a smidge better than me, but maybe I'm biased. I think that between the two of us, we only got 5 hours sleep.
Linda: I wrote you a copy of my notes - I figured you might need them 
Percy: Hasn't anyone ever told you that you're brilliant lately? Because you are. And kind to boot too.
Linda: It's no problem. I didn't want Harrold getting on your case again.
Percy: To be fair, it was my fault. I should have just appologised and explained.
Linda: It wasn't completely your fault - didn't you have to wait for Freya to get her job done?
Percy: Yes, but she got told off too.
Linda: So, now you're both in the same boat.
Percy: One that will keep sinking if I'm not careful. So thank you for this!
Linda: I don't mind, afterall, you were the one who showed me the ropes when I first arrived. And the only one who bothered to talk to me. I figured it was time to pay you back. Besides, they're just notes.
Summary: Linda wrote a copy of her notes for Percy. Percy and Martha were crying a lot at night. 
Dialogue: Alfred: should we meet tonight?
Jenny: tonight we're working in the pizzeria, you forgot?
Alfred: right! I'm stupid
Petra: hahaha, you can come and help us
Alfred: LOL
Summary: Petra and Jenny can't meet with Alfred tonight because they are working in the pizzeria.
Dialogue: Liam: hi. any news about a box?
David: Sorry, no
David: I am in Poland
David: My grany passed away
Liam: sorry to hear
David: Will find after return
Summary: David has no news about a box. He is in Poland because his granny died.
Dialogue: Jack: <file_photo>
Marianne: He's so cute
Kaleigh: aw cute! 
Summary: Jack shares a cute picture. 
Dialogue: Martina: I need a man's opinion!
Oliver: Yes, you look absolutely stunning :P
Martina: Awww <3 thank you!
Oliver: Don't mention it :)
Martina: But that's not it. I wanted to ask you somthing. 
Oliver: Fire away.
Martina: <file_photo> Does this dress make me look fat?
Oliver: No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. :) 
Martina: Awww <3 ur such a qt :)
Oliver: Why do you need it?
Martina: Oh, going to a work party and want to look glam ;)
Oliver: You certainly do!
Summary: Martina is going to a work party. Martina sends Oliver a photo of herself in a dress, asking whether she looks fat in it. Oliver doesn't think that.
Dialogue: Ann: Darling, buy some butter.
Mike: Ok.
Mike: Do we have any milk?
Ann: I will check...
Ann: Yes, There is some in fridge. 
Summary: Mike will buy butter on Ann's request.
Dialogue: Ricky: you still there?
Samuel: No, I just left.
Ricky: OK, then I'm leaving as well.
Samuel: OK, see ya in a bit
Summary: Samuel has just left, so Ricky is leaving as well. Samuel and Ricky will meet in a moment.
Dialogue: Jane: Girls, what do you think about Tom?
Emily: I'm not astonished 
Charlotte: I like him, but seems a bit too self-confident
Jane: He asks me out yesterday, and seemed quite shy actually 😛
Emily: Tom shy??!!! I would like to see that! Made a bad impression on me, really
Jane: I shouldn't meet him?
Emily: Do what you want
Charlotte: girl, go out with him, sure, he's hot
Emily: Hot???? LOL 
Jane: This is not that important for me, but I think he's quite handsome
Emily: Very full of himself
Jane: Ok, I'll give him a try
Summary: Charlotte likes Tom but Emily isn't sure about him. Tom asked Jane out yesterday. Jane thinks he's handsome and wants to give him a chance.
Dialogue: Brit: there's a sale at sephora 
Brit: you're eyeliner is 50% off
Jessica: OMG 
Jessica: thanks I have to stock up :P 
Brit: no problem
Summary: There is a sale at Sephora and Jessica will use this occasion.
Dialogue: Donna: are you in the room 3?
Brenda: No, i went to another panel, I just didn't like the panelists in 3
Donna: why?
Brenda: bunch of Russians speaking English, cannot understand them
Liam: hahahah
Donna: yes, it's true a bit, but the subject is interesting
Brenda: anyway, I'm in 5
Liam: me too
Donna: ok, pity
Summary: Brenda and Liam are in room 5. In room 3 there's a bunch of Russians speaking English which Bredna couldn't understand. Donna's in room 3, because she likes the subject.
Dialogue: Polly: Hi there! How did Bill's operation go? How is he?
Judith: It all went fine and he isn't in any pain.
Polly: Great!
Polly: Is he at home?
Judith: They kept him overnight in hospital and he was brought home this morning.
Polly: D'you have to do any caring?
Judith: Oh no! He insists on his independence, especially with the catheter. I'm relieved.
Polly: Sure. You've got enough to do, I suppose.
Judith: Oh yes, I do. We are preparing for the Christmas holiday bookings. We've some nice lengthy reservations for the Queen suite. I've blocked the King suite for family visits.
Polly: We've wondered which is the Queen and which the King suite?
Judith: The Queen is the room next to our office, the one facing our road. The King is downstairs.
Polly: Oh, I thought the suite downstairs was much bigger.
Judith: So it is! That's why we named it King suite.
Polly: I must be damned feminist expecting the best being Queen! ;)
Judith: That's interesting! At the start Bill too was adamant about it claiming that the best should be allocated to Queen. Him being British! But we finally followed the generally accepted definitions of queen-size and king-size, the latter being bigger.
Polly: Good gracious! Now you have corrected my erroneous thinking! Thank you, Judith! Of course a king-size bed is bigger than a queen-size.
Judith: Pleasure :))
Polly: Us queens being petite!
Judith: Your turn to be sexist!
Polly: Moi?!
Judith: :)
Polly: How did you name the one we're staying in?
Judith: Now comes a surprise: Prince suite.
Polly: So you definitely need one more to call it Princess suite.
Judith: I wouldn't say no! The income is substantial! They are our bread and butter.
Polly: So your idea has been paying off. Congrats!
Judith: I'm so happy about it. Even if it means heaps of work.
Polly: Happy for you!
Summary: Bill's operation went well. He spent the night at the hospital but was brought home this morning. Judith has made reservations at the Queen and King suites. 
Dialogue: Ann: what are you doing tonight?
Jeff: Watching "Dynasty" hahaha
Ann: really?
Jeff: James bought all episodes on DVDs
James: so we're going to spend winter home, watching amazing Alexis
Ann: sounds like fun!
Ann: could I join you?
Ann: or maybe we could throw a "Dynasty Party"
Jeff: or even an "Alexis Party"
Ann: hahaha
James: who will do the best Alexis?
Jeff: yes!
Ann: amazing
Jeff: all queers of the district are going to besiege our door
Summary: James bought DVDs with all "Dynasty" episodes. Jeff and James are watching "Dynasty" tonight. Ann will join them.
Dialogue: Jo: Wow after watching rotal variety i really have to go and see Tina Turner the musical what a voice
Fran: <file_photo> I'll come too!
Jo: It was fab. We should see how we can go toghether x
Summary: Jo and Fran want to see the Tina Turner musical.
Dialogue: Oli: did you watch my latest yt video?
Jackie: I did, good job!
Jackie: I enjoyed it a lot.
Oli: Glad to hear that.
Jackie: You're gonna be famous soon, I tell ya!
Oli: 😊
Summary: Jackie watched Oli's latest YouTube video and enjoyed it a lot.
Dialogue: Ada: Hey, do you think you will be able to work on the report today?
Harmonie: Hey Ada! yes sure
Harmonie: I'll just finish the work on the file that Cynthia gave me
Ada: Ok no problem 
Ada: When you are ready let me know :)
Harmonie: 👍
Summary: Harmonie will work on the report for Ada today, after she finishes working on the file from Cynthia.
Dialogue: Przemek: I am applying for pilots license
Monika: Wow 
Monika: Nice! 
Monika: I am excited for you!
Przemek: thanks
Przemek: I am a little bit stressed out
Przemek: I hope I wont fail 
Przemek: This is not cheap 
Monika: Well
Monika: I believe in you so 
Monika: You have to believe in yourself too 
Przemek: Thanks for your wise words
Przemek: I will ! 
Summary: Przemek is applying for a pilot's license. It's not cheap and Przemek is stressed that he will fail the exam.
Dialogue: Rita: Hi, Ann, you all right?
Ann: Yes, I'm fine:), you?
Rita: Not bad. Would you be able to spare a few hours on Sunday?
Ann: Sure, what's up?
Rita: Jack told me you are considering getting a dog.
Ann: That's right. I am playing with the idea.
Rita: There is this animal shelter I am a volunteer at.
Ann: Well, I was thinking about a puppy, not a grown-up dog.
Rita: There are puppies at the shelter as well.
Ann: I don't know.
Rita: C'mon, you can take a look. No obligations.
Ann: All right. Let's go and take a look.
Rita: Cool. I'll pick you up Sunday morning.
Summary: Ann considers getting a dog. Rita is a volunteer at an animal shelter. Rita wants Ann to go there and take a look. They will go there together on Sunday morning.
Dialogue: Ashley: Welcome, @Hannah!
Ashley: <file_gif>
Hannah: <file_gif>
Sophia: <file_gif>
Ben: hi Hannaaah! 
Julie: <file_gif>
Summary: Hannah joined the conversation with Ashley, Sophia, Ben and Julie.
Dialogue: Andy: Sharol can you pick up Mary from university?
Sharol: Sure i can, but what happened?
Andy: She is saying some one has hit her car when it was parked now she cant start it.
Sharol: oh my goodness, she must be very upset.
Andy: She is,.. you can imagine it you know how she is crazy about her car..
Sharol: i know she reacts so much to a single scratch i dont know what she would be doing.
Andy: just try to cheer her up and talk about other stuff.
Sharol: ok mom dont worry i will take care of her.
Andy: thanks darling.
Sharol: no problem mom.
Summary: Sharol will pick up Mary from university, because someone has hit her car when it was parked, and now she can't start it.
Dialogue: Margaret: Have you made up your mind about the holidays this year? Any plans?
Jamie: I’m not 100 per cent sure yet, but I’m thinking of Italy
Margaret: Great! I’ve been to Italy many times. Where in Italy do you want to go?
Jamie: I thought of driving through the north of Italy
Jamie: I want to visit Venezia, Padova, Milan, Treviso and many small villages of the north of Italy
Margaret: You should visit Cinque Terre. It’s not exactly in the north but it’s worth visiting for sure. It’s on the Unesco list.
Jamie: 😊 it’s in my schedule too
Margaret: Sounds fantastic! I also recommend you visit Dolomites. Cortina is a perfect place for skiing 
Margaret: Do you like skiing?
Jamie: Honestly, not so much. I’ve tried to learn but I’m not actually very good at it
Margaret: The lake Como is also a fantastic place to visit
Jamie: Really? How about the lake Garda?
Margaret: Oh, it’s also worth going to for sure
Summary: Jamie is planning holidays in Italy. He wants to visit Venezia, Padova, Milan, Treviso and small villages in the north. Margaret recommends also visiting Cinque Terre, Dolomites and lake Como. Jamie doesn't ski. 
Dialogue: Pat: When are you leaving?
Matt: Mid June
Pat: that soon?
Matt: they wanted me to come within a week but I said that I'm agreeing to the transfer, but I have a life and can't move that quickly
Pat: are they paying for your apartment there?
Matt: they do. I also get a company car
Pat: nice!
Matt: on the other hand I'm moving to a shithole where I have no friends or family
Pat: you can finally join the gym
Matt: yes I will bemore fit than I ever was in my life
Pat: a goodbye beer next wek?
Matt: mandatory :)
Pat: I'll text you Monday :)
Summary: Matt is being transferred and he's leaving in mid June. He will get a company car and and they will pay for his apartment. He will have no friends or family there, so he will have the time to join the gym. Matt and Pat will meet next week for a beer to say goodbye. 
Dialogue: Russ: Hey, are you going trick or treatin' tonight?
Jody: Yeah, just have to put some finishing touches on my costume.
Russ: Cool, what are you going to be?
Jody: A witch, naturally.
Russ: hehe...fits you
Jody: Shut up! LOL
Jody: How about you?
Russ: I'll surprise you.
Jody: Ok, probably someone in uniform, right?
Russ: You'll see. Talk to you later.
Jody: Bye
Summary: Russ and Jody are going trick-or-treating tonight. Jody has to finish her witch costume. Russ is going to surprise Jody with his costume.
Dialogue: Jess: need a new pillow
Jess: the one I have is so uncomfortable!
Sunny: go to jysk
Sunny: they have amazing pillows
Jess: u think?
Jess: come with me, help me choose
Sunny: ok :)
Summary: Jess and Sunny are going shopping for a new pillow for Jess.
Dialogue: Raymond: Do we have math homework?
Thomas: Yes, page 61, but don't know what exercise.
Jake: exercise 4-7
Raymond: thanks bud
Summary: Exercises 4-7 from page 61 are the math homework for Raymond, Thomas and Jake.
Dialogue: Maya: Guess what I've got at home?
Seren: Don't know, something lovely, like new glitter shoes?
Maya: Give you clue, it's white, fluffy and goes woof!
Seren: OMG, they got it for you. I am soooooooo jelous!
Maya: I am so lucky, she's called Tammi😍
Seren: Eeeee! I want to see her NOW!
Maya: Can't now, going to Nan's for food. I could send you pic?
Seren: O yessssss!
Maya: Here it is! <file_photo>
Seren: 💓💖💗💗💗💗😻 I am in love!!!!!!
Summary: Maya's got a dog called Tammi. Seren reckons she's lovely. 
Dialogue: Jill: Hi, maybe you'd like to come to us to Sweden? We're off June 6th-9th.
Jill: Maybe the snow has melted by the time! :) 
Leo: Jill, how very nice of you! That'd be so lovely!
Leo: But my future seems so uncertain...
Leo: I quit my job at the end of March, haven't found anything new yet.
Leo: Then I'm off to Spain in mid-May without even knowing if my potential employer will agree on that.
Leo: They'd better do as I've bought the tickets! 
Jill: That sounds so like a busy plan! 
Leo: On top of that I'm graduating my studies in mid-June, so I'm definitely a busy man at the time.
Jill: Just be frank with me, you simply don't want to come to us at all! ;) 
Leo: Haha, of course I do want to pay you a visit eventually! Just the circumstances are so so.
Jill: Everyone wants to come to Eskilstuna, the center of the universe! 
Leo: Exactly! How's life in general?
Jill: Not much is happening actually... Boring job, boring life.
Leo: And how's Martin? 
Jill: Well, he's still my husband, I guess I'm a very good wife for him ;)
Leo: I bet you are! Say hi to him! 
Jill: Will do! 
Leo: Got to go back to work but it was to cool you reach out to me!
Jill: Take care!
Leo: And you!
Summary: Jill invites Leo to visit her and her husband in Eskilstuna, Sweden in June. Leo is unsure as he will have to find a new job after he quits by the end of March. He will also be travelling to Spain mid-May, and graduating mid-June.
Dialogue: Catherine: Can you send me this article about abortion, pls?
Pauline: Sure, no prob. One sec.
Catherine: I wanna send it to my colleague, we talked about it yesterday at work.
Pauline: Here goes <file_other>
Catherine: Thank you! It's appalling isn't it?
Pauline: Yeah... That's why we all need to do something.
Catherine: Have you heard of any new protests we could join?
Pauline: No, but maybe they will organize sth before Christmas.
Catherine: OK, keep me posted pls.
Summary: Pauline and Catherine find the article about abortion appalling so they want to go to any new protests they could join.
Dialogue: Peter: Hey, did you go to psych class this week?
Gabriel: Yeah, I did. 
Peter: Would you be able to send me the notes?
Gabriel: Yeah, sure, hold up
Gabriel: <file_other>
Gabriel: Ok here you go
Peter: sweet, thanks man, you're the best. 
Gabriel: Haha no worries, they're not really that great of notes, but you're welcome
Peter: ha, trust me, anything is better than no notes
Gabriel: yeah, I feel you, but that class is pretty easy, everything is basically in the book
Peter: yeah yeah, but it's still nice to have some extra notes.
Gabriel: yeah, the professor sometimes mentions stuff that the book didn't cover
Peter: yeah exactly. Well, thanks again man. See you in class next week. 
Gabriel: see ya 
Summary: Gabriel sends Peter notes from this week's psychology class. Gabriel finds the course pretty easy, but the professor occasionally says something that's not in the textbook.
Dialogue: Nova: today's classes are cancelled!! 
Jennifer: (°o°)
Vivian: you know what that means?
Nova: NO TEST!
Jennifer: let's go and celebrate!
Vivian: Pizza!?
Summary: Nova, Jennifer and Vivian had their today's classes cancelled.
Dialogue: Sebastian: Yo mate!
Stanley: Yo! What's up?
Sebastian: I have your stuff that I borrowed for my holiday trip from you.
Sebastian: Mask, suitcase, hat...
Stanley: I can offer you a coffee if you want to drop by,
Sebastian: Right now I'm in the middle of paperwork, but after 4 I will gladly change the environment.
Stanley: Feel invited. 
Sebastian: I'll see you in 2 hours then!
Stanley: Yup! See ya.
Summary: Sebastian will drop by after 4 to bring Stanley's possessions that he borrowed for his holiday trip.
Dialogue: Lindsay: did you see they built a fence between 4th and 5th?
Ralph: yes!!!!!
Ralph: why do you think that is??
Lindsay: i don't know
Ralph: maybe some sorth of construction?
Summary: They built a fence between 4th and 5th avenue.
Dialogue: Robert: Good morning, Paula, we would like to suggest meeting in person to further discuss our proposal. Please advise when you will be in New York so we can coordinate accordingly.
Paula: Hello Robert, once again thank you for your offer. I will be delighted to meet you in New York next week (starting Monday, 5th); however, I have lectures scheduled all mornings. I would appreciate if we could meet after 3 pm.
Robert: Absolutely. May I suggest Wednesday at 5 pm? Please advise which hotel you will be staying in so we can arrange for a car to take you to our headquarters.
Paula: Thank you, Robert, Wednesday would be perfect. I will be in Intercontinental Times Square. I am truly excited at the thought of our future collaboration. 
Robert: So are we. Have a wonderful week and we are looking forward to seeing you Wednesday! 
Summary: Robert will meet Paula in New York on Wednesday the 7th, at 5 pm. Paula will be staying at Intercontinental Times Square and Robert will send a car for her.
Dialogue: Devin: Guys, I'm not going to the cinema tonight
Devin: I don't feel well and the weather is really ugly
Luis: It's true, but we can have some mulled wine
Luis: c'mon, it will be fun
Devin: I'm not sure any alcohol is good for a sore throat
Margot: of course it is
Margot: people drink vodka to warm up
Devin: Russians maybe
Devin: I don't feel I have this in my blood
Luis: everybody will be there, it's the last opportunity to see Tanya before leaving
Luis: and maybe even the last proper Christmas party of this company
Devin: true
Luis: you should be there
Devin: I should... ok, I'll go there but not for long
Luis: great! :D
Summary: Luis and Margot convinced Devin to go to the Christmas party.
Dialogue: Regina: did you finish the required trainings they sent us this week?
Tatiana: no, not yet
Regina: you should, the deadline is tomorrow
Tatiana: what? why didn't they say sooner?
Regina: they did, it was in the memo
Tatiana: i didn't read it... shit
Regina: you better get to it right away
Tatiana: is there a lot of them?
Regina: they are all on this online platform we always work on but they took a lot of time
Tatiana: so how long? I asked if there is a lot of them?
Regina: I tried to go as quickly as possible and it took me almost 9 hours
Tatiana: what?! shit... i am so screwed...
Regina: if you start now you will make it tomorrow by the end of the day
Tatiana: i was supposed to have a day off tomorrow... i am so stupid
Regina: oh crap :/ sorry to hear
Tatiana: yeah, i wanted to go home sooner to spend more time with my mom... i will have to cancel 
Regina: i can help you with some of the quizzes if you want, i probably remember a lot of answers
Tatiana: that would actually be great help but i don't want to take too much of your time
Regina: no worries, we gotta help each other right?
Tatiana: yeah but are you sure?
Regina: yes, we can do some of them together but you have to start now, otherwise you won't make it in time
Tatiana: I will... thanks a lot of reminding me, i can't imagine what would happen if i forgot it lol
Regina: the boss wouldn't be too happy about it
Tatiana: that's for sure ;)
Summary: Tatiana hasn't finished the required trainings due tomorrow, so she'll have to cancel her plans of spending some time with her mom. Tatiana will help her out as she remembers the answers from some quizzes, and it took her as much as around 9 hours.
Dialogue: Lona: I can't believe how Mr. Smith yelled at that foreign kid.
Nat: Got late to class, heard about it. What happened?
Lona: Well, Takashi doesn't speak perfect English, right?
Nat: Sure. Foreign kid. 
Lona: So he made some mistakes in his answer.
Nat: Like in English?
Lona: Yeah. And then, out of the blue, Mr. Smith starts yelling at him.
Nat: But y?
Lona: Dunno. No one knows.
Nat: Maybe had a bad day?
Lona: Possible.
Nat: Probably the reason.
Summary: Mr. Smith yelled at Takashi who doesn't speak perfect English. Lona and Nat recon Mr. Smith had a bad day. 
Dialogue: Mary: Hurry up the movie is starting!
Evan: I'm almost there
Jack: Me too
Summary: Evan and Jack will arrive soon.
Dialogue: Sean: I just had a call from CPS. The contractor is stuck in traffic, and it could take him another 15 minutes or so. Thought you'd appreciate knowing he's on his way.
Susie: Yes, thank you! Because I can do sth else during these 25 minutes :)!
Sean: 15
Susie: They are here already. As I suppose, I should wait until they’re done, should I?
Sean: Yes, someone will have to lock the door.
Susie: No other volunteers :D
Sean: Call me when they finish.
Susie: Sure!
Summary: Susie has to wait a bit for a contractor who is stuck in traffic. Susie will call Sean when CPS finishes their job.
Dialogue: Kate: <file_photo>
Tim: gosh, is it your legs?
Kate: yup
Tim: my god, what happened?
Kate: we've been attacked
Jim: what?
Simone: where are you?
Tim: fuck, that's scary!
Tim: are you in Haiti now?
Kate: no, Santo Domingo, the Dominican Republic
Tim: I thought it is safer than Haiti
Kate: I thought so too, that's why we walked the streets freely
Tim: it's horrible, how is it possible?
Kate: they approached us with a broken bottle and demanded money
Kate: and we said no and started running
Kate: I fell down 
Simone: horrible, I'm so sorry
Kate: it's fine now, but a very unpleasant experience
Summary: Kate is in Santo Domingo, the Dominican Republic. She sent a photo with her injured legs to Tim, Jim and Simone. She was attacked by people with a broken bottle who asked for money. She ran and she fell down.
Dialogue: Maria: Did you note down the lecture?
Jesus: Professor was teaching so fast so I could not write.
Maria: You might have understood it then?
Jesus: Yeah I know most of it
Maria: Good. I want you to teach me. When would you be free?
Jesus: I am free right now. Just come over my place 
Maria: OK coming in half an hour
Summary: Professor was speaking too fast to take notes. Jesus understood the lecture. Maria will visit Jesus in half an hour. Jesus will recapitulate the lecture.
Dialogue: Faith: Can you bring Ice-cream Shake for me?
Jason: Which flavor?
Faith: Strawberry
Jason: Ok coming in 20 mins
Faith: Can you come a bit fast? :/
Jason: You want me to have an accident or what? :/
Faith: jkjk c you at home :P 
Summary: Jason will buy strawberry ice cream shake for Faith. He will bring it in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Jenna: Can u wait 4 me in front of the school? need to talk with the teacher?
Wes: ok, sth happened? 
Jenna: tell u latter :)
Summary: Wes will meet with Jenna in front of school.
Dialogue: Anthony: We have been trying to contact you since yesterday.
Mark: Who is this?
Anthony: I am Anthony from the service station and wanted to inform you that you can get your care back now We have taken care of everything you asked us to do.
Mark: Are you done with the Oil change?
Anthony: Yes Sir! We have taken care of that too.
Mark: Thank you! I am on the way now to get my car back.
Anthony: Kindly hurry up. We would be closed in half an hour.
Summary: Mark's car has been taken care of at the service station, so he can collect it now. 
Dialogue: Stan: Did you bring me my books?
Monica: fuck, i forgot :c sorry!
Stan: I need them on Friday so make sure to bring them tomorrow
Monica: ok
Summary: Monica forgot Stan's books. Stan needs them on Friday. Monica has to bring them tomorrow.
Dialogue: Pete: Hi guys
Nick: Hi, man
Joe: Hola, hombre
Sally: I find this "guys" thing a form of discrimination since I'm the only woman here XD
Joe: Ok, let's go for "gal and guys"
Sally: I prefer "lady and gentlemen" ;)
Pete: Too bad Joe and Nick are far from being gentlemen :P XD
Sally: Oh no, poor guys
Nick: Gfy, Pete XD
Sally: I guess that's not supposed to mean "good for you"
Joe: Lol
Nick: No, it's "go fishing yonder"
Pete: Marcin told me that in Polish "yonder" sounds like "testicles" or something
Sally: What the...? XD
Nick: Go fishing testicles?
Joe: Lost in castration
Nick: LOL
Summary: Sally is the only woman in the company.
Dialogue: Kit: Hey, Sam, did you see the last ep of Game of Thrones?
Sam: Nope, I'm almost a season behind ;(
Kit: Why? I thought you were a fan, even more than me.
Sam: Yeah, but you know...
Kit: Uh huh. Katie? She hates it?
Sam: No! I'm mean yeah, Katie, but it's not like she hates it or something. I couldn't be with a girl who doesn't appreciate GoT :P
Kit: So when are you gonna watch it? Come on, I need someone to discuss it with! I tried talking to Steve, but he wants Jon Snow to get the throne, blah!
Sam: Seriously? But Jon is boooring!
Kit: And his mouth is open all the time :D
Sam: Exactly! I'm telling you, it's going to be Tyrion!
Kit: So are you watching it or not? :P
Sam: I am! I just promised Katie I won't watch it without her, and she has exams next week.
Kit: Can't you just watch it on your own and then pretend you didn't and see it again with her? :D
Sam: Nope, she always knows when I'm lying. I'd rather wait than have a fight about it.
Kit: Coward! :P
Sam: Wait till you find a girlfriend. You'll learn to appreciate peace :P
Kit: You know what? If you don't watch it soon, I'm gonna start spoiling things to you :P Like for example that scene from the last episode when the white walkers came and...
Sam: Shut up!
Kit: LOL, just kidding, bro :D
Sam: I hate you! 
Kit: Hate u too :P
Sam: But did the white walkers really come through the wall?
Kit: Watch it and see for yourself :P
Sam: No, I really hate you now. I'm going to call Katie, don't wait for me :P 
Kit: Bye! XDDD
Summary: Kit wants Sam to watch the last episode of the Game of Thrones, but he is behind because of his girlfriend, Katie.
Dialogue: Anne: Where did you park?
Kirsten: at the city hall
Johnny: but we have a new car, I didn't tell you, it's green
Anne: ah! ok!
Summary: Kirsten and Johnny parked at the city hall. They have a new green car.
Dialogue: Adam: No need to come now.. dinner is served and party will be over soon.
John: but i am outside and they are still setting up the table.
Adam: lol really your there... we will be there in 10 mins
John: what? none of you is here? why were you messaging me?
Adam: because we want you to wait like we always wait for you :P
John: shiit! lol
Summary: Adam lies to John about coming to the dinner which isn't served yet to make him wait for them just as they always wait for him.
Dialogue: Phil Jones: I would like to inform you that you are eligible for additional parking spaces in our building. The cost of the parking spaces is about 300$ per month.
Michael Borrow: Thank you. I will forward the information to our employees.
Phil Jones: <file_other>
Michael Borrow: Thank you.
Summary: Michael Borrow is entitled to additional parking spaces for around USD 300/month. He will pass this on to his employees.
Dialogue: Erik: my car broke down, i need your help
Rory: what happened?
Erik: I was driving and when i tried to shift gear i heard a loud noise and the gearbox went loose
Rory: gearbox?
Erik: ye, like it broke or something... i can't switch gears anymore, i towed it to the parking lot with Chris
Rory: oh man you are fucked
Erik: is it that bad?
Rory: your car is how old... 10 years?
Erik: 13 or 14
Rory: yeah, well the fix will probably be more expensive than getting a new car lol
Erik: shit... you think so?
Rory: almost certain
Erik: can you come by anyway and have a look at it? Maybe I miss interpreted something
Rory: sure i, can come by sunday, is that good?
Erik: yes, thanks - i will make it up to you obviously
Rory: don't mention it :) just hoping i can help
Summary: Erik's car broke down and Chris helped him to tow it to the parking lot. The car's 13 or 14 years old and Rory claims that fixing it may be more expensive than a new car. Rory agrees to come and see the car on Sunday anyway.
Dialogue: Lucas: yo! 
Evan: hi!
Lucas: what's up?
Evan: just chilling
Evan: had a busy day
Lucas: work?
Evan: I wish
Evan: my car broke down again
Evan: so I had to take care of it
Lucas: you should replace that piece of crap
Evan: I'm planning to
Evan: just need to save some money first
Lucas: stop repairing your old one
Lucas: you'll save a lot that way :P
Evan: maybe
Evan: but I still need to drive to work
Lucas: what about public transport?
Evan: there's like one bus that goes there
Evan: twice per hour
Evan: not really convenient
Lucas: sucks to be you :P
Evan: I know...
Summary: Evan's car has broken down again and he needs to save money for a new one. He cannot use public buses to go to work because of their schedule.
Dialogue: Allan: How are you doing?
Alfred: Fine, are you getting ready?
Allan: I'm so nervous, every time I have to stand in the middle of the class I start to shake like a jelly
Alfred: Have you practiced in front of the mirror?
Allan: what do you mean?
Alfred: just go in front of the mirror and start saying what you are about to say on your presentation
Allan: does it work?
Alfred: Man... I see you really are a rooky when it comes to giving public speeches.
Allan: What can I say...
Alfred: Don't worry, you will learn
Allan: Thanks, that's very kind of you to say that
Summary: Allan gets extremely nervous when he has to perform in public. Alfred is more experienced in this matter.
Dialogue: Bridget: oh, so where are you speding your holiday?? And what did you get? (you don't have to tell me, you know)
Kevin: Im doin drama schools :P I got a b in theatre a c in media a d in english and an e in p arts oh yeah and a u in general studies :P
Bridget: ouch... so are you happy with your results??
Kevin: Sorta compared to everyone else I did quite well :)  im goin to college next year anyways so idc t h
Bridget: oh? how did everyone else do??
Kevin: Some great some not so :/
Bridget: who did well, who didn't (you don't have to tell me though)
Kevin: James failed and I know sam did... :(
Bridget: Sam? as in Sam Horobin the math wizz?? what happened??!
Kevin: not sure :( he seems to be goin through a tough time
Bridget: poor guy! oh, i wish i could give him a hug or something :/
Summary: Kevin is doing drama schools during the holiday. He is happy with his results as others did not so well, like James and Sam who failed.
Dialogue: John: Wanna go jogging tomorrow morning in Central Park tomorrow
Marilyn: I don't think so
John: wow, why? the most fit girl I know wants to skip the daily jogging?
Marilyn: I had a horrible bronchitis last week after jogging in this temperature 
John: oh no, how come?
Marilyn: I don't know, maybe it's just too cold, I'm afraid to run now. I use a treadmill :/ 
Marilyn: boring but safe
John: I see, pity, but a good decision
John: do you think you'll come back to outdoor jogging in spring?
Marilyn: for sure, you know I love it
John: so let me know as soon as you're back out
Marilyn: I will
John: and take care meanwhile
Marilyn: thanks!
Summary: Marilyn runs on the treadmill now instead of outdoors as she had bronchitis from jogging in the cold last week.
Dialogue: Pete: hey
Laura: hello 
Pete: how are you? 
Laura: fine thanks 
Pete: will we meet today? 
Laura: sure 
Laura: :) 
Summary: Laura and Pete are going to meet today. 
Dialogue: Giulia: good evening
Henry: why so official?
Giulia: just because :)
Giulia: what are you doing?
Henry: reading Lord of the rings
Giulia: oh i hate Tolkien
Henry: really?
Henry: why?
Giulia: i dont get the idea of his books
Giulia: they are too complicated
Henry: oh sweetie
Henry: maybe your head is not prepared for this kind of literature
Giulia: you dont have to insult me
Summary: Henry is reading Lord of the Rings. Giulia doesn't like Tolkien's works as she finds them too complicated.
Dialogue: Ruth: Hiya, how's it going?
Jasmine: ok, ta! You?
Ruth: yeah good, just wanted to check if you would countersign Alex's passport photos?
Jasmine: no worries, when do you need them done?
Ruth: whenever really, getting them taken this afternoon, so anytime after that.
Jasmine: do you wanna pop round tomorrow after the school run?
Ruth: that would be fab, thanks!
Jasmine: no worries, see you tomorrow!
Ruth: see you then babe!
Summary: Jasmine will countersign Alex's passport photos. Ruth will bring the photos to her tomorrow after the school run. 
Dialogue: Deb: I missed seeing you when I visited last month.
Deb: Hopefully in the near future or when you come to Melbourne! You'll have a room if you decide to visit! =)
Danie: I know! Shame I wasn’t back in time. 
Danie: Would love to visit you some time! It’s on the to-do list 😉
Deb: Do what you love Danie others don’t live your life 
Deb: Good luck and enjoy feel free to join me one morning to tell the Capital about your experience on air xx
Danie: Thanks Del, yes we should do that sometime, would be fun 🙂
Summary: Debi and Danie wish to see each other. Debi offers Danie a place to stay in Melbourne. Del tells Danie to do what she wants.
Dialogue: Jaden: Hi, do you happen to know any good italian cuisine restaurants in the are of the city centre? I need something special for a family dinner on Friday.
Allen: Yeah, I got something on my mind. I think you should try Big Adriano. It’s really crowded though, so you need to call for a table reservation.
Jaden: Ok, thank you for your recommendation. Have you been there? Any tips on what’s best? 
Allen: Yes, I’ve been there like 5 times already. You should definitely try their pasta menu and calzone pizza. It’s unbelievably delicious!
Jaden: All right, I’ll remember your advice. Thank you very much! We should meet up for a beer some time.
Allen: That sounds great. Give me a feedback on the restaurant and we will set a date for a meeting.
Jaden: Awesome. We’ll keep in touch! 
Summary: Allen advises Jaden to take his family to an Italian restaurant, Big Adriano, for dinner. He is their frequent client and their pasta and calzone are good. Jaden will let him know how it goes and they will arrange their meeting.
Dialogue: Holly: Would it be mean to make waffles without the children so I can have them all? ;)
Bob: very very mean!
Nick: i do this all the time
Harry: enjoy!
Joanna: Naughty! x
Lilly: No, it wouldn’t! Have a lovely day! X
Beth: yummy! I haven’t had waffles for ages! 
Oliver: and now i’m hungry! X
Summary: Holly is gonna make waffles.
Dialogue: Jill: You know Conor?
Sierra: Connor or Conor?
Jill: Conor haha
Sierra: I do know him, Conor Wassmussen 
Sierra: What about him?
Jill: I like him 
Sierra: Oh wow
Sierra: he is very eye candy
Sierra: I actually think he gets better year by year
Jill: Omg please stop it !
Summary: Jill likes Conor Wassmussen. 
Dialogue: Ron: Hey, bad news
Tim: Hey, what's going on?
Ron: Dorothy's still mad at me
Tim: Oh well, I kinda understand her
Ron: Oh come on, whose side are you on?
Tim: The sober side, lol
Ron: I hate you
Tim: Come on, relax, I think she actually likes you
Ron: Really?
Tim: Nope, I'm trolling you, hahahah
Ron: I hate you (2)
Tim: Just kidding, man, just kidding, chill out...
Summary: Dorothy is still mad at Ron. Tim understands Dorothy.
Dialogue: Marvin: Hey guys, do you feel like going out tonight?
Tamara: Sure, what do you have in mind?
Marvin: We could have dinner at the Ethiopian place and then go to Café Oto. There’a a concert for free tonight.
Marvin: I’m sure it’ll be shit as always, but it’s for FREEEE
Tamara: Oh lol sounds like great fun. I’m up for it anyway 😻
Tamara: What do you say guys?
Erin: Hey, sorry for the delay
Erin: Yeah, sounds good, anything after 9 pm is cool for me
Erin: But feel free to meet earlier if you want
Chet: I’m down for whatever you say
Chet: HOWEVER I have a tinder date tonight
Chet: <file_photo>
Tamara: HOT
Chet: You reckon? 🙈
Tamara: I’m envious as always
Tamara: How much are you paying Tinder to get all those DEALS? 🤑
Chet: I’m paying fuckloads for the GYM
Chet: But let’s go back to the main subject… The I love the Ethiopian because you can bring your own booze
Chet: So you have to go
Marvin: Yes, I thought that was just an ideal place to go to before a free concert at Café Oto
Erin: Love it
Tamara: So shall we meet there? At 9?
Erin: Cool
Marvin: Yeah
Chet: Have fun
Marvin: No. You have fun
Tamara: 🙌🏻
Chet: Thanks. Stay tuned for anecdotes 😂
Tamara: lol you bet we will
Summary: Chet has a tinder date tonight. Marvin, Erin and Tamara are going to meet at the Etiopian place at 9. Afterwards they'll go to a free concert at Café Oto.
Dialogue: Sam: Who's Mark Gungor?
Leigh: I've seen his speech on the nothing box. Watch it on youtube. It's both hilarious and true.
Kris: I think I know the one. A lot of buzzing? ;)
Leigh: That's him! :)
Kris: He has a podcast?
Leigh: Yeah! U can easily find it on the net.
Sam: Just watching! Super funny!
Kris: Any other ideas?
Sam: Have you tried Spotify?
Kris: I already told u. I'm not looking for music.
Leigh: No, no, Sam is right!
Kris: How come?
Sam: Spotify recently added podcasts to its library. I think u'll find something there. 
Kris: Rly? All the time I was paying 4 Premium I didn't see it.
Leigh: 'Cause it's a recently added feature. Haven't tried it out yet.
Sam: Neither have I, but I know it's there.
Kevin: Thanks! Will try both!
Summary: Leigh recommends Mark Gungor's podcast Sam asked about. Sam tells Kris to try Spotify that added podcasts to its library.
Dialogue: Charity: hey
Joyce: hey
Charity: is the HOD in yet?
Joyce: who is this?
Charity: i'm her student
Joyce: well okay, he was here but he left for a while
Charity: okay then
Joyce: check him later
Summary: Charity wants to know if HOD is in but he has already left.
Dialogue: Stefan: Hey Daniel.
Daniel: What?
Stefan: I just heard Anna singing a song in the class.
Daniel: Yeah, so?
Stefan: I was singing the exact same song 5 minutes ago.
Daniel: I don't get your point.
Stefan: Dude you don't understand. She was sitting right behind me when I was doing it.
Daniel: Yeah I don't think you have anything to worry about.
Stefan: Why not?
Daniel: I don't know man let's go.
Stefan: You ruin it for me every time.
Summary: Anna was singing a song in the class. Stefan was singing the same song before her.
Dialogue: Jude: what is the address to pick up the sofa please?
Sue: hi, yes 36 Birchwood Fields GL4 OAP
Jude: we will be there at 7
Sue: thats great do you have someone with you to carry it as my husband is not home until later
Jude: no problem my brother is with me, see you at 7
Sue: ok see you then thanks
Summary: Jude will be at Sue's place at 7 to pick up the sofa. Sue sends him an address.
Dialogue: Derek: Hello, my fair ladies
Alison: Well hello, noble knight
Derek: I'm late, my steed got devoured by a dragon in the dark moor
Francine: Have you been playing some computer game lately?
Derek: No, it's just Allie called me a knight
Alison: Well, move thy knightly arse, we're waiting for thee
Summary: Derek's been late for the meeting with Alison and Francine because he's playing a game.
Dialogue: Paige: Guys I'm falling asleep zZz...
Paige: Can we finish tomorrow please?
Oliver: yeah i think it's a good idea
Oliver: don't think i can manage much longer anyway, or that it would be very productive
Jacob: oh come on, just 30-60mins more and we're done
Paige: Sorry, but I just can't lol.
Oliver: yeah jacob, let's really just call it a day and finish tomorrow morning...
Jacob: i can't believe you guys... okay.
Paige: Thanks! Good night!
Oliver: :) good night!
Jacob: good night... and be ready in the morning
Summary: Paige is falling asleep and wants to finish tomorrow. Jacob wants to continue for 30-60 mins so they are done. Oliver suggests it's not productive and wants them to be ready   tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Cahya: Hey, did you ever fill out the papers for income tax?
Cahya: Last year someone helped me out down at the department for inland revenue
Cahya: It's time to do it again and I'm stuck..
Cahya: This is so annoying.. 😩
Fredrik: Hmm..I'm not sure
Fredrik: I have never done this myself
Fredrik: Henry usually handles that for me
Cahya: Oh god.. it's a lot to fill in..
Cahya: I remember that last year the person that helped me out was flirting with me 
Cahya: She was extra helpful.. and asking me a lot of personal questions.. 🙄
Cahya: lol
Fredrik: Really??
Fredrik: Hahaha
Fredrik: That's funny 😅
Fredrik: Maybe you can check if she still works there 😜
Fredrik: Haha
Cahya: lol
Cahya: 🤡🤡🤡
Fredrik: No but seriously, if you like I'll ask Henry to help you out ;) I'm sure he won't mind :)
Fredrik: He'll be over this weekend!
Cahya: Oh great!! Yes please!!! That's a better idea 😝😝
Cahya: Thank you!!
Fredrik: No problem 👍
Cahya: I'll gather the details in the meantime :)
Fredrik: Perfect :)
Summary: Fredrik needs to fill out the annual documents for income tax but he doesn't know how to do it on his own. He will ask Henry for help again, as he's coming over for the weekend.
Dialogue: Nina: When's the big day?
Ann: you mean the meeting?
Nina: Yeah, the big scary meeting you kept talking about the other night :D
Nina: <file_gif>
Ann: lol 
Ann: <file_photo>
Ann: it's in two weeks!
Nina: Do you have to prepare?
Ann: yeah, sure, I have to do some official presentation
Ann: leaflets
Ann: <file_gif>
Nina: You'll do great!
Ann: don't jinx it :D
Nina: oops, sorry :D
Ann: Anyways, just keep your fingers crossed!
Nina: Always
Ann: love you
Nina: Love you too <3
Ann: <file_gif>
Summary: Ann has to prepare an official presentation for the big meeting, which is in two weeks. 
Dialogue: Kate: Wanna see my new shoes?
Milly: Yes! Show me
Kate: <file_photo>
Milly: Oh girl, you look fantastic!
Kate: What about the skirt?
Milly: Let's say a lot of guys' necks are gonna hurt XD
Kate: Hahahah :D
Kate: <file_photo>
Milly: My sexy friend XD
Kate: :D
Summary: Kate has shown Milly her new shoes and skirt.
Dialogue: Mom: TURN THE VOLUME DOWN
Jack: mom you can turn to lowercase
Mom: i know im just shouting
Jack: ohh.. cool xD
Summary: Mom wants Jack to turn the volume down.
Dialogue: Anna: Are you planning to go to the library tomorrow?
Mike: Yes, I have to find some information for the project.
Anna: I'll go with you.
Mike: OK.
Summary: Anna will go with Mike to the library tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: More :p
Charity: <file_photo>
Gilberto: Hmm so I see yuk take lots or selfies but you only select a few to send me
Charity: Hehe no. It's true I take some of them. But there is no point to send all of them hehe
Gilberto: Why not? I wouldn't mind
Charity: Ok
Gilberto: Haha. So I'm waiting for the rest :p
Charity: I don't have more
Summary: Gilberto is eager to get more selfies from Charity.
Dialogue: Adam: I've got a problem with my Samsung Galaxy smartphone.
Adam: USB port is broken and cable falls out of the port every time I try to connect charger
Nick: I had the same problem. Something's not right with these phones
Nick: But I bought induction charger
Nick: You just put your phone on it and it charges. <file_other> Here's a link. Check if it's compatible with your phone.
Adam: Thx. I'll think about it.
Summary: Adam has a problem with charging his phone. Nick recommends using an induction charger.
Dialogue: Daijon: You looked so tired when we met on the street.
Daijon: Is everything okay?
Cyneley: Yea of course. I started delivering milk from last monday
Daijon: Really? Why? 
Daijon: Your parents gave you enough money didnt they?
Cyneley: Yea but recently they decided not to.
Cyneley: So i should work anywhere to pay my living expenses
Daijon: Why did they decide not to?
Cyneley: Could you ask them why? Cause im also wondering why
Cyneley: I think cause i told them i wanna stay 1 year more in uni.
Daijon: What? Are you going to? 
Daijon: In that case I guess I know why 
Cyneley: I need more time to start to work
Daijon: Think about it once more
Daijon: What's the point of delivering milk and getting little money in your hands than being hired?
Cyneley: But im kinda scared to start working at a company.
Cyneley: What if I cannot get a good job?
Daijon: Even if you get not a fancy job, as long as it is related to your major it wouldn't be a bad start.
Daijon: Or you should talk about your plans clearly for a year 
Daijon: What you are going to do while you have 1 year before you apply for the companies.
Cyneley: ....Life is hard...
Summary: Cyneley had to start delivering milk because her parents cut her off since she decided to stay one more year at school. Daijon suggests finding a regular job closer to her major. 
Dialogue: Trudy: Are you good with statistics?
Trudy: I need someone to double-check my results
Janice: I’m okay, not great
Janice: Why don’t you ask Amy? 
Janice: She’s a genius
Trudy: I know
Trudy: But I’m not that close with her to ask for this kind of favour
Janice: You don’t need to
Janice: You can come to her as a client 
Janice: She’s doing it as a side job 
Trudy: How much does she charge?
Janice: I think about 40$/hour of her work
Janice: But she works fast, she won’t rip you off.
Summary: Trudy needs someone to double-check her statistical results and asks Janice to do this. Janice recommends Amy. Trudy is not comfortable with asking Amy as they don't know each other that well. Amy, however, can do that for a fee.
Dialogue: Sean: when will you be done with school?
Aby: mid June if I pass all my exams at first attempt
Aby: beginning of July if I fail :/
Summary: Aby will be done with school mid June if she passes all her exams at first attempt. If she fails it'll be the beginning of July.
Dialogue: Fanny: Did you order soap for the office?
Bunny: Forgot, sorry! I'm on it right away!
Fanny: Okey, so order it and toilet paper, coffee and black tea as well. And buy some small soap on your way, because there's nothing left already. 
Bunny: We're running out of everything.
Fanny: Of employees as well. 
Bunny: ?
Fanny: Jim haven't turned up to work. I'm trying to reach him on his mobile, but it's turned off. And Martha is ill. 
Bunny: Do you want me to check on Jim on my way?
Fanny: Yes, maybe let's do that. At his age, something might have happened. 
Bunny: Okey. If you get in touch with him, let me know. 
Fanny: When are you going to be here? 
Bunny: In hour and a half, I suppose. 
Fanny: Okey. 
Summary: Bunny forgot to stock up the office supplies. Two people couldn't come to work. Bunny is going to check on elderly Jim on their way. 
Dialogue: Lee: So, not a fan of democracy, then? Well, I've heard Russia is great time this of year!
Jo: It is actually! :) Lee, democracy is not perfect system! Take Brazil as an example! Chaos!!!\
Lee: Would you like to propose a better system then? 
Jo: Yes - a republican, representative electoral system. 
Lee: Why is it so?
Jo: One there is minus the House of Lords. 
Lee: Anything else?
Jo: And one where voters take responsibility for founding out facts and standing by the decisions they make would be a great start.
Lee: What you've just described is the way the referendum was organised. 
Jo: Exactly.
Lee: So let's respect the will of majority, ok?
Jo: I don't agree with it nor i have to like it.
Lee: That's your right to have your own opinion. 
Summary: Jo believes republican system is better than democracy.
Dialogue: Ruth: Hey, I asked my mum bout Steph's bday 2moz (transport), an she says she cant at all :( SOO if u drove me 2 steph's party (and back), she says she will drive u 2 ruths bday and back. Is dat okay?? Also, do u knoww wat ur gettin Hannah?? P.S. Did u lik de pics??
Janet: i cant sse ur italy pictures cos of privacy settings!! :(
Ruth: that was the point cos i dont lik them dat much but il change them 4 u on monday (if i dont 4get)
Janet: thnks!!
Ruth: :)
Summary: Ruth's mom can't drive Ruth and Janet to Steph's birthday. Janet can't see Ruth's Italy pictures due to privacy settings. Ruth made them so on purpose, but will change them for Janet on Monday.
Dialogue: Thomas: I want to make dinner tonight.
Megan: What are you thinking of making?
Thomas: I don't have any idea what to cook.
Megan: How about making a teriyaki bowl?
Thomas: Can you tell me how to make it?
Megan: All it consists of is teriyaki beef and rice.
Thomas: But what do I have to do to prepare it?
Megan: All you have to do is cook some white rice.
Thomas: What do I do after that?
Megan: Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce.
Thomas: What else do I have to do?
Megan: All that's left is to cook it.
Thomas: Alright, it will be ready when you get home 😙
Megan: You are the best 😍
Summary: Thomas will cook dinner tonight. Megan suggested that he should cook teriyaki bowl. She shared her recipe with Thomas. 
Dialogue: Mary: Hi, Mum decided she doesn't want any gifts during Christmas
Patrick: You mean she doesn't want go get any?
Mary: No, basically she's introducing "no Christmas gifts policy"
Julia: It's a bit much, don't you think? What about children?
Mary: She wasn't that specific, she just said "no gifts, no gifts!"
Susan: What go into her? Do you know what this is all about?
Mary: God knows
Patrick: I think may agree not to buy gifts for each other, but the kids will be devastated
Julia: Of course, I'm not ruining my children's Christmas because of one of her whims
Summary: Mum proposed no Christmas gifts policy, as Mary reports. Julia, Patrick and Susan don't agree, because it would be too sad for the children.
Dialogue: Olivia: Oh shit, I need to stay longer at work, will you walk Spot for me today?!
Noah: Hey Liv, but I can come around 4.30, would it be ok?
Olivia: Yes, Spot will be a bit angry at this time, but as long as he gets his walk it'll be fine
Noah: Should I also feed him after?
Olivia: Yes, please! You are a real saint Noah :*
Noah: No prob! Don't worry! 
Summary: Noah is going to walk and feed Spot for Olivia around 4.30 today.
Dialogue: Ian: Guys, who's watching the game?
Simon: And who isn't? :P
Ian: Me. Because I'm stuck in a damn traffic jam. What's the score?
Simon: 67:53 for the Bulls.
Hank: Hell yeah! 
Simon: Are you hung up in traffic too?
Hank: No, wifey is watching her bloody soap operas.
Simon: I'm telling you, get a second TV!
Ian: Do you know if the game is broadcast somewhere on radio?
Simon: No, sorry. I've got a TV like a normal 21th century person.
Hank: Good idea, pal! I'll look for it.
Ian: Tell me if you find something. And Simon, keep telling me the score!
Summary: Ian isn't watching the game, because he's in a traffic jam. Simon is watching and the Bulls are in the lead 67:53. Hank isn't watching, because his wife is watching soap operas. Ian wants Simon to inform him about the score.
Dialogue: Audrey: well I'm awake
Audrey: what a night! how r u
Evan: well could be better, I've got a headache but I'll live
Chris: geeee I'm still so tired
Summary: Audrey, Evan and Chris are awake after a night full of adventures.
