Dialogue: Evan: I bought my first caaaar!!!
Mauricio: Dude, congrats!!!! ;d Which brand?
Evan: Ford, my dad said it’s cool
Mauricio: Yea I’ve heard they don’t break down too often
Evan: Aaaand it’s… white!
Mauricio: Bro, a man in a white car… youre in a deep shit
Evan: I’m the happiest man alive! ;D
Mauricio: Lool im happy for you, send the picture when you can ;p
Evan: <file_picture>
Mauricio: heyyyyy it looks cool! o.o
Evan: I knowww ^^ I told ya
Mauricio: I didnt expect I could like such car xd
Evan: It’s my beauty, I need to think about the name
Mauricio: Helllooooooo, do ya wanna be a complete nerd? pathetiiiic
Evan: I dont give a fuck, let haters hate
Mauricio: So I guess ill become a hater too
Evan: Friendship broken because of the car ;P
Mauricio: hell yea
Summary: Evan bought a white Ford as his first car and wants to give it a name. Mauricio doesn't like this idea. 
Dialogue: Dave: are you taking him to kindergarten tomorrow?
Holly: don't think so
Holly: the cough's gone reeaaaally nasty
Dave: hm. What about Johnny?
Holly: i'd like him to go
Holly: but you know how it usually ends
Dave: yeah
Holly: well I'll try at least
Dave: ok
Summary: Holly is not taking him to kindergarten because of his cough, but she would like Johnny to go though. 
Dialogue: Esme: what is that in my wallet?
Peeta: cute frog
Esme: why do you think i need a frog in my wallet?
Peeta: it's taking care of your money
Esme: its a superstition
Esme: i mean bullshit
Peeta: i just wanted to make you smile :(
Peeta: sorry
Summary: Esme scoffs at the cute frog Peeta has left in her wallet.
Dialogue: Becky: Guys, have you done another lesson yet?
Ben: I took a class today with a different instructor. Went pretty well! I think I’ll take another one on Thursday
Becky: Which instructor did you like better? And how much was it- I might be able to join you depending on the time
Kate: Haven't done one yet, so I'd have to start from the beginning ;(
Ben: Price was the same $60. It was at Del Soul Surf School ...like 25 min away. I liked it better ;)
Becky: did they come pick you up? i’m down to go with you but another meeting just popped up so thurs wont work for me (wed and fri are good though!). otherwise i’m happy to go with the same guy if Owen and Kate want to join. Kate it’d be fine if it’s your first time and our 2nd!
Kate: do you think? don't wanna slow you guys down
Becky: not at all - we just might be doing some more paddling on our own but that’s it!
Ben: No. he didn’t pick me up ...I walked there about 25 min. For me it was fine but maybe you want to check with the other instructor.
Becky: Actually i can do thurs now (evening meeting was rescheduled)… Kate and Owen when would you be free this week?
Kate: I'm good everyday past midday to be honest (I'm a bit limited by London hours)
Ben: Do you want me to check with Amit about Thursday morning or Tomorrow morning ?
Becky: Wed it’d have to be after 12:30 or Thursday after 2pm. if that doesn’t work Kate and I can try to get a lesson through the surf camp again (also to maximize time instead of having to walk ½ hour to the place)
Owen: I didnt, but I’ll pause surfing 2-3 days
Julia: Anyone wants to go to Hermosa tomorrow during lunch or PM?
Aaron: Sarah and I after 3PM
Victor: I’m down for it anytime after 12!
Julia: After 3PM it is then!
Victor: Yes!
Summary: Julia, Aaron, Sarah and Victor will go to Hermosa tomorrow at 3 p.m.
Dialogue: Mike: Let me in, I'm downstairs
Jenny: 5 min
Mike: ok
Jenny: sorry. got it?
Mike: nothing happened
Jenny: door must be stuck again, coming
Summary: Mike is downstairs. Jenny wanted to let him in 5 minutes later but the door didn't work. Jenny is coming down. 
Dialogue: Penny: I really have to go now, sorry
Leonard: That's ok
Penny: Have a nice day!
Leonard: You too
Summary: Penny has to leave now and cannot be talking to Leonard anymore.
Dialogue: Samuel: <file_photo> 
Carter: Yuuupiiiiieeee
Carter: 👏👏👏
Carter: 👍
Samuel: 😊😊😊
Carter: Glad it arrived safe
Carter: 🙏
Carter: I read on the description that you should take two to three drops three times per day
Carter: or as you prefer, of course :)
Carter: Some days I don't need it
Samuel: Ok, I think i'll try two drops before I go to sleep
Carter: yeah I would
Samuel: 🤩
Samuel: They sent a lovely note together with the package too, a hand written card, lovely gesture ❤️
Carter: Yeah, I got that too, they are lovely people, I also had email contact with them a few times
Carter: I would do as you said, try two before going to bed tonight 🌿❤️
Carter: I have no doubt that it will be helpful
Samuel: 👍
Carter: 🌿❤️
Summary: Samuel got drops that he should take two or three times a day. A handwritten note was attached to the package, which he found very thoughtful. Carter advised him to take two drops before bedtime.
Dialogue: Holy: haaaaallo, I'm sitting alone all evening
Holy: can anyone recommend me a film??
Nancy: Can be on netflix?
Holy: ofc
Nancy: So la casa de papel
Lottie: I agree, it's awesome
Holy: Hmmmm rings a bell...... what was it about?
Summary: Holy wants to watch a film. Nancy and Lottie recommend Holy 'la casa de papel' on Netflix.
Dialogue: Kayla: Hey mom 
Kayla: Could you water my flowers please?
Mom: Where are your flowers tho? 
Kayla: Mom in my room!
Mom: Okay 
Mom: Only if I find them
Kayla: Thanks mum!
Kayla: Also give Bella something to eat xd
Mom: I did
Mom: Thanks for reminding me tho... 
Kayla: No problem
Mom: Be back early dont drink or party
Summary: Kayla wants Mom to water her flowers.
Dialogue: Robert: Hey sunshine 
Robert: How are you today?
Julia: I’m better
Julia: Not okay yet but better than yesterday
Julia: <file_photo>
Robert: Poor sweetheart
Robert: I’m really sorry you’re going through this
Robert: But your body is healing slowly
Robert: The rash is disappearing
Julia: ☺
Julia: In a few days I should be fine
Julia: Hopefully
Julia: I still have fever
Julia: But it’s not like yesterday 
Summary: Julia is sick, a rash is disappearing but she still has a fever. Robert feels sorry for her.
Dialogue: Dave: OMG, I'm a dork!
Lynn: ???
Dave: I was just cranking the volume on my computer when my headset is plugged in!
Lynn: LOL! Couldn't hear? LOL!!!
Dave: LOL!!! Dork!!!
Lynn: Totally!!!
Dave: Oh well, on to my next stupid move of the day!
Summary: Dave was turning up the volume on his computer with his headset plugged in.
Dialogue: Alice: Barry's a strange character, isn't he?
Gwen: Yes ... Yes he is.
Alice: What made him think to dress up like that?
Gwen: I don't know. I think his need to stand out from the crowd backfires pretty often.
Alice: He needs to get a grip. It will be a while before people stop talking about that outfit. What color was his jacket anyway?
Gwen: I don't know. It seemed to change depending on the lighting.
Alice: I'm still trying to unsee it.
Summary: Barry has a need to stand out from the crowd. Recently he had some weird outfit. Alice and Gwen can't stop thinking about it.
Dialogue: Danny: Did you see the Independence March today?
Maria: Yes, I watched it on TV. Pretty cool.
Danny: I’ve just returned from it. 
Maria: Really? How was it?
Danny: Very crowded and loud . But definitely worth seeing. After all, it’s been 100th anniversary of Poland regaining independence. 
Maria: Yes, you don’t get many occasions like that in your life, do you? ;-)
Danny:  Definitely. Did you see the President’s speech he gave? 
Maria: Yes I did, it was very solemn and exalted.
Danny: Me and my parents, we had goose bumps!  In such a place, in  such a moment, this really makes you feel proud of your country. You should definitely join the march next year.
Maria: I think I will. Let’s go together.
Danny: OK, we’re set then;-)
Summary: Danny and Maria are talking about the Independence March in Poland. Danny and his parents had goose bumps when the president was speaking and they felt really proud of their country. Danny and Maria decide to go together to the march next year.
Dialogue: Laurie: Can you get me some gum and a Coke?
Lizzy: I thought you didn't want anything.
Laurie: I changed my mind. I'm sooooooo thirsty!
Lizzy: Ok, I just hope I have enough.
Laurie: Thanks, I'll owe you back of course.
Summary: Lizzy is buying Laurie gum and Coke.
Dialogue: Daniel: Have you used Uber recently?
Simone: No, I try not to use it
Caesar: why? it's such a great app
Simone: I don't like how they treat people, drivers etc. I think it's a wrong way of progress
Caesar: oh, you're exaggerating like all lefties
Simone: and you just don't have empathy, like all "righties"
Daniel: LOL. I only wanted to ask if your app work, because I can't open mine
Daniel: I didn't intend to start a third world war between the left and right
Simone: haha, ask the capitalist, I haven't used it for a while, but yes - I can open it
Caesar: works perfectly, I use it everyday 
Caesar: try to uninstall and instal it again
Caesar: Maybe there is a bug, so it's worth to check for updates
Daniel: it's helped! thanks
Summary: Daniel can't open the Uber app. Installing it again solved the problem.
Dialogue: Lilly: I have been looking you in Balcony for 20 minutes where are you at? 
Eric: I am in the classroom. Lecture has already started. Hurry up
Lilly: Oh I am coming
Summary: Lilly's looking for Eric, he's already in the classroom.
Dialogue: Roger: I need to buy a gift for my mum
Roger: but I have no idea what to get her
Abigail: I don’t know your mum
Abigail: What does she like?
Roger: She’s a very special lady
Roger: Drives a big bike
Roger: Can fix cars
Roger: She’s not a “lady” type
Abigail: Cool
Abigail: Maybe you can get her something hobby-related?
Abigail: A book is always a good idea
Roger: She likes cooking as well
Roger: Chinese, Indian, Thai food… She learned during her travels
Roger: Maybe I’ll buy her a cookbook
Summary: Roger needs to buy a gift for his mum. She's a different type of woman, rides a big bike and likes fixing cars. Roger might buy her a cookbook.
Dialogue: Jane: Thanks for standing by me btw!
Judy: no need to thank me, i knew you were telling the truth
Jane: thanks again. im glad the teacher beleives in me again
Judy: yeah
Jane: thank you friend mike for me also
Judy: i will
Jane: cool. see you tomorrow
Judy: ok
Summary: Jane is grateful to Judy and Mike.
Dialogue: Violetta: nice thought from the Bolshoi theater.. to see La Bayadère. It's such a long time i wanted to see it again. It's not the Kremlin but the Strasbourg movie theater is not bad either...
Betka: that true, you may enjoy opera and ballet from the biggest stages in your local movie. I 'm in Vendome on my way back to Paris.
Violetta: Have a safe trip back
Betka: enjoy La Bayadère!
Violetta: so nice. It's intersession for 25minutes. I miss champagneskoie and red caviar!
Betka: of course red caviar! How is the primadonna?
Violetta: Olga Smirnova plays Nikiya, and Artemy Belyakov is Solor.
Betka: enjoy!
Summary: Betka is in Vendome on her way back to Paris. Violetta is watching La Bayadère, with Olga Smirnova as Nikiya, and Artemy Belyakov as Solor.
Dialogue: Fred: where are my car keyyyyyssssss!!
Michelle: must be in drawer or in your pant's pocket how would i know?
Fred: coz you cleaned house in the morning...
Michelle: i did but since i am out i cant find it please try to look around .. it would be here somewhere...
Fred: found it! 
Summary: Fred was looking for his car keys. Michelle cleaned the house in the morning but she didn't see them. Fred eventually found them.
Dialogue: Ian: Good morning
Samantha: Good morning
Ian: I would like to invite you to participate in a new course organized by Wellesley College.
Ian: It is Italian Language and Culture course opened on our platform on August 21st
Ian: Register for free to have instant access to all online and join the 5,000+ learner already studying online!
Samantha: Thank you very much. Till when should I sign in to the course?
Ian: Classes start the week of September 25th. The list closes on September 20th.
Samantha: Thank you.
Summary: Ian invites Samantha to enrol in the Italian Language and Culture on-line course organised by Wellesley College. If interested, Samantha has to enrol before the list closes on the 20th September. The classes start the week of 25th September.
Dialogue: Lewis: why did you left without a word?
Lewis: something happened?
Thea: sorry about that
Thea: I didn't feel very well
Lewis: why didn't you say so?
Lewis: someone would take you home
Thea: you were having a great time
Thea: I didn't want to bother anyone
Lewis: how do you feel now?
Thea: better
Thea: I guess I ate something that didn't go well with my stomach
Lewis: that sucks
Thea: well, at least I could go to bed early
Thea: and I needed that badly after this week
Lewis: it was that bad?
Lewis: since you left so early we didn't have the chance to talk
Thea: just lots of stress at work with the deadline approaching
Thea: you know the stuff
Lewis: yeah
Lewis: anyway glad to hear that your feeling better
Lewis: don't overdo it and try to rest some more
Thea: that's the plan
Thea: I'll just stay at home for the weekend
Lewis: good
Lewis: have to go for now but I'll be back in the evening
Thea: bye
Lewis: take care
Summary: Thea left the party early because she didn't feel very well. She will get some rest after a hard week at work.
Dialogue: Telma: Do you want something from Tesco?
Telma: Let me know I'm about to leave.
Tom: Cheddar !! 
Telma: Ok
Amy: Could you bring some blueberries please =)
Telma: They're not good at Tesco
Telma: It's better to buy them at Coop
Amy: It's okay, the Tesco ones are good for me. 
Telma: Ok. I'll bring you some.
Summary: Telma will buy cheddar for Tom and blueberries for Amy at Tesco.
Dialogue: Sara: Have you been in the dressing up box again Clare ?
Ceri: It looks so like you Hun 😂 xxx
Marsha: Now why didn’t you wear that yesterday??? 😉 
Mary: Guess why :P
Marsha: oh and the place I was trying to remember is called Hang Fire.
Clare: I wonder 😀. Excellent. Can’t wait to try it. Let me know when works for you two x
Marsha: we’ll get something booked in xx
Elizabeth: Definitely in the pink. xxxx
Summary: Sara, Ceri, Marsha, Mary, Clare and Elizabeth wanna try Hang Fire.
Dialogue: Mike: hi, could you give me Sandra's phone number?
Alex: Sure, it's +1 9822-2342
Mike: alright, thanks!
Summary: Alex gives Mike Sandra's phone number.
Dialogue: Geoff: Will you bring in the report Steve gave on emerging trends?
Sara: Sure, right away.
Geoff: And a coffee?
Sara: Already got it!
Summary: Sara will bring Geoff a report on emerging trends and a coffee.
Dialogue: Bryce: Do you still take alcohol
Bonny: Yeah...
Bryce: I have two bottles of whisky. You want one?
Bonny: Sure. Let me come and take it
Summary: Bonny will take one bottle of whisky from Bryce.
Dialogue: Judith: Hi Abe how are you?
Abel: Good and you?
Judith: fine thanks listen I was wondering if you could give Suzie a ride to the sports centre this evening
Abel: Sure no problem I can pick her up around 6:30
Judith: perfect thank you so much Abe
Abel: no problem
Judith: see you soon!
Abel: see you!
Summary: Abel will drive Suzie to the sports centre at 6:30. 
Dialogue: George: <file_other>
George: Anyone interested?
Tom: 21 dec hmmm
Tom: have a meeting then I'm afraid
George: But it starts 8p.m.
Tom: aaaa, okay
George: @Joshua, what about u?
Joshua: Fine with me
Joshua: And a burger before?
George: Hmmm why not
Joshua: I know a great place near there
Joshua: So juicy and flavorful burgers
Joshua: The best burger I've ever tasted
George: Where is that?
Joshua: Black Iron Burger
Joshua: 245 W 38th St
George: Ok
Joshua: Menu
Joshua: <file_other>
George: Double 4oz Patty, All-Natural Beef, Double Horseradish Cheddar, Stout Caramelized Grilled Onions, Special Horseradish Mayo
George: <file_gif>
Summary: George and Joshua are meeting on 21st December. They are going to eat a burger before the event.
Dialogue: Adam: any idea for holiday this year?
Theo: dunno. i guess ann and the boys would like to fly swh
Adam: in summer?
Theo: dunno. it might be sort of expensive in peak season. 
Adam: you mean it's better to go before or after?
Theo: dfntly. we were actually considering october. could be 30% off 
Adam: sounds attractive enough. but we can't both go at teh same time right
Theo: yeah, the boss wouldn't be very happy
Adam: perhaps i'll look for sth in June then?
Theo: thats' a thought. any ideas where to?
Adam: in my case it's more of a question who with haha
Theo: you really argued with Layla?
Adam: she's still pretty angry about that party you know
Theo: yeah but June is still a couple of months to go
Adam: we'll need to talk with her about everythihng
Theo: you better do before you book the tickets :)
Adam: will have to. cheers
Summary: Theo is thinking about going for holiday in October this year. Adam is thinking about June. He had argued with Layla, so he's not sure if she'll come along. He's going to talk with her.
Dialogue: Powell: Did you download the movie I told you to
Nick: Yeah I did
Powell: Okay. I will come and pick it later
Nick: 👍 
Summary: Nick has downloaded the movie on Powell's request.
Dialogue: Marie: Where are you?
Fran: Inside
Marie: Running to you
Fran: OK. Downstairs. A table on the left :-)
Summary: Fran is waiting for Marie inside. She is coming.
Dialogue: Daniel: can we cancel tomorrows meeting?
Henry: yes, something happened?
Daniel: family staff, I'll handel it and let you know when we can meet
Henry: good, will wait
Summary: Daniel wants to cancel a meeting tomorrow. He has some family stuff. He will let Henry know when they can meet.
Dialogue: Bill: Maybe try this one <file_other>
Nate: Nah, the indoors are too modern.
Bill: Is there a restaurant they'll like?
Nate: Probably an old-fashioned one with traditional food.
Bill: I don't think we have such places here.
Nate: Me neither.
Summary: They probably like an old-fashioned restaurant with traditional food. There is no such place in the city.
Dialogue: Alivia: I'm having a great breakfast right now
Declan: What are you eating?
Alivia: <file_photo>
Declan: That looks good
Alivia: Wanna some?
Declan: Of course!
Summary: Alivia is having a good breakfast right now. She offers to share it with Declan.
Dialogue: Zach: yoh
Dempsey: yoh, whatsup?
Zach: not much, where are you nowadays?
Dempsey: i went to the countryside for a while
Zach: till when
Dempsey: next week
Zach: cool then
Dempsey:👍
Summary: Dempsey went to the countryside and he will stay there till next week.
Dialogue: Nathaniel: On the bus and heading in, where’s the snow gone? 😩
Andrew: The rain took over 😂
Nathaniel: I should have guessed😃
Maddison: Are we still on time to join?
Mandy: Yes
Maddison: It was not the answer I wanted to read 😜
Andrew: Just on time to correct the quiz 🎉
Christina: Will you guys be staying out for a bit afterwards if I only appeared at 9.15pm or you’re heading home soon?
Andrew: Good question, not sure. Depends on others 😉
Nathaniel: Maddie and I are on the way when the car de-ice’s ❄
Christina: Andrew, you were the only reason I was coming out 😜
Andrew: We can go out tomorrow. Today it doesn't make sense. It's really boring here. 
Christina:  That's disappointing. Ok, tomorrow then.
Summary: Nathaniel and Maddison are still on time to join Mandy and Andrew. Christina can only join them at 9.15pm. Andrew and Christina will go out tomorrow instead, because it's boring there today anyway.
Dialogue: Thomas: I'm buying a ticket to Paris, when are you flying?
Hunter: 26 Dec
Evan: I am flying 27 Dec, I bought it quite late, there were no cheap flights on 26 any more
Thomas: I've just found a flight for €25
Evan: shite! how?
Thomas: skyscanner
Evan: Ryanair?
Thomas: of course
Evan: ok, with the luggage etc, it will be more than 50
Thomas: yup, but still cheap
Summary: Hunter is flying to Paris on Dec 26th, Evan on the 27th. Thomas has found a 25€ flight for the 26th. It will cost more than 50 with luggage.
Dialogue: Bob: Y not ask them? ;)
Clair: U mean like reply to a spam mail?
Denis: Y not? Might be fun!
Bob: And we'll be here to support u all the way, Your Highness!
Clair: You'd better be. Otherwise, I'll have your heads cut down!
Summary: Bob and Denis suggest to Claire replying to a spam email.
Dialogue: Averi: Can you come over my place right now?
Emest: What for?
Averi: I want to show you the my collection of coins
Emest: Cool
Emest: How long have you been doing them
Averi: I have been collecting them for 3 years
Emest: Can you show me a pic
Averi: Ok sending
Emest: Make sure it is not blur
Averi: <file_photo>
Emest: Its really beautiful
Averi: Yeah it is
Emest: Will have a closer look at it tomorrow
Summary: Averi wants to show Emest his collection of coins. He's been collecting them for 3 years. Emest will look at it tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Carter: i just got back home, the plane just landed
Jessica: wow, that a fast flight!!!
Carter: it was
Jessica: sweet!
Carter: hey i just wanted to thank you for your hospitality, it was great to see you and the old gang from high school
Jessica: likewise, you know there's always a place here for you
Carter: i had a great time and i hope we'll all get together again soon!
Jessica: let's do it again next year!!
Carter: why not? that would be awesome
Summary: Carter was visiting Jessica and meeting old friends from high school. He has just gotten back home. They want to meet again next year.
Dialogue: Job: Hurry up
Joshua: i'm already here
Job: i cant see you
Joshua: i see you, wait there.
Summary: Joshua is already here and can see Job. Job can't see Joshua.
Dialogue: Ashley: Fuck you!
Josh: What did I do?
Ashley: You know what you did!
Josh: No, srsly!
Ashley: Anna told me!
Josh: Told you what?
Ashley: Stop playing dumb! Admit it!
Josh: But what?
Ashley: You cheated on me!
Josh: No! Never!
Ashley: Stop lying!
Josh: I'm not. What did she tell you?
Ashley: You slept with Payton!
Josh: I didn't! I swear! 
Ashley: You can't even admit it!
Josh: Listen, I didn't do anything. We had a coffee and that's it.
Ashley: I don't believe you! It's over!
Josh: No! Please! Let's talk about it!
Summary: Ashley has broken up with Josh on suspicion that he cheated on her with Payton. Josh is in denial.
Dialogue: Kate: I'm so bored. 
Kate: can't study any longer...
Agnes: so fuck it today and go out.. 
Kate: i can't, I've got a test in 5 days
Agnes: even for an hour?
Kate: it's never an hour..
Kate: u need to shower, dress up and so on
Agnes: hah, so u're a dirty intellectual today
Kate: kind of..
Kate: tha's my way of not going out when I  have to study:D
Agnes: hah, never tired it...
Agnes: but it makes sense!
Kate: usually it works and it kind of puts u in the right mood, but not today
Agnes: try to go jogging or for a walk
Agnes: or take a bath :D 
Agnes: I always do it when I'm bored and I need to study:D
Agnes: <file_gif>
Kate: hah! B-)
Kate: bath sounds like sth good and useful
Agnes: Exactly!
Agnes: enjoy and good luck with studying..
Kate: thx <3
Summary: Kate is tired of studying, she has a test in 5 days. Agnes suggests going out but Kate declines, she prefers taking a bath.
Dialogue: Apollo: Hi how are you guys?
Venus: Hi Apollo. 
Venus: not too good. I've failed my driving test:(
Mercury: oh, thats too bad. Im sorry.
Apollo: Im sorry Venus...
Apollo: did you fail the theory or the practice?
Venus: the theory was a piece of cake.
Venus: I failed the practical driving test.
Venus: the instructor was very strict. I think I just made one mistake, and he said I failed:(
Mercury: oh I see, that must really be painful
Apollo: but they must be quite strict, Im afraid. 
Apollo: it is about safety after all.
Venus: Of course I understand, but Im still very sad and very angry
Mercury: Yeah, I imagine. 
Mercury: but you can take it again soon.
Venus: I guess I need to take a few more lessons first.
Apollo: I have a friend who's a driving instructor, I may ask if he could give you a few lessons
Venus: That would be lovely!
Venus: thanks
Apollo: no problem
Summary: Venus failed her practical driving test. Apollo will ask a driving instructor he knows to give her lessons.
Dialogue: Brody: Hows Econ studying? 
Ashley: It's ok. You? 
Brody: slow. We're just answering 4 questions on the final right? At least one question for every section?
Ashley: Yes! So I've skipped over some of it haha. Want to study tomorrow? 
Brody: Ye but not sure how long because I have to see how much stuff I can get into my brain by tonight hahaha. What chapters did u review? I think I will skip 6... 😂
Ashley: Haha I did. I was thinking tomorrow afternoon. I've been studying 2-5 and the last part that doesn't have graphs
Brody: what about 1? is there anything? its the easiest right? 
Ashley: I don't think there's anything for module 1
Brody: ohh ok well then..
Ashley: Did you draw the graph for question 3 on the second midterm? I don't understand why mine's wrong 
Brody: lol no but I might got some things right though. I am actually on it right now 
Ashley: Can you send me a picture if you do? 
Brody: <file_photo> Do you know the answers to relative supply/demand? 
Ashley: Haha no idea. Ugh that stupid graph makes no sense to me. Why would more capital influence Agriculture? 
Brody: Ye I don't get it either 
Ashley: Ok thanks anyway! 
Brody: Your welcome  
Summary: Ashley and Brody are studying for economy exam. Brody will study tomorrow. They skipped some chapters. Ashley got her graph wrong, Brody's was correct.
Dialogue: Greg: Hi Hunny, I'm running late. 
Greg: I'm just on my way out of the office.
Isabel: Hey, OK, drive safe, I can barely see anything through the window.
Greg: Yeah, it's snowing like crazy.
Greg: And freezing rain is yet to come.
Isabel: Apparently the snowstorm is going to last throughout the entire night.
Greg: The snowplows just started driving around.
Greg: There's going 2 be traffic on the highway.
Isabel: I'll ask Sam to help me & we'll shovel a bit before u arrive.
Greg: Thanks!
Summary: Greg is running late and it's snowing. Isabel will ask Sam to help her shovel before Greg gets home. 
Dialogue: Austin: Hey, I need funny quotes for Mr Peter's card
Austin: Also, can I go and bur that damn hole puncher? Doth anyone protesteth?
Julia: I have no idea bout the quotes. And sure u can go and buy it, even though I must say that I'm not sure about this idea.
Austin: why not??
Austin: I just mean funny/stupid things that we may have said during biology class for mr peter to remember us by
Julia: I don't know it's kind of weird to give a whole puncher.
Austin: he has wanted one though....
Julia: I know what u mean ;) I don't know.
Austin: we need to decide - graduation is in 2 days
Austin: would help if Pedro pretended he was alive
Austin: he's been ignoring my texts
Summary: Austin wants to give a puncher as a graduation gift to Mr Peter, their biology professor. Julia is hesitant about the idea. Pedro is ignoring Austin's messages.
Dialogue: Brian: we gonna have some friends over for dinner tonight
Carol: Emma & Daniel i guess?
Brian: and Amy possibly  
Carol: great! we haven’t seen them for ages!
Brian: can you grab some stuff on the way home? i’ll send you a shopping list.
Carol: sure. What are we serving?
Brian: fish plus salad and some nibbles
Carol: that sounds great! What about dessert? 
Brian: i am thinking about something plain and simple.. blueberries and cream?
Carol: is there any wine left at home?
Brian: there isn’t but they gonna bring some so don’t worry about that.
Carol: i’ll try to leave a bit earlier. I can’t wait! So excited!!! :) 
Summary: Emma, Daniel and possibly Amy will visit Brian and Carol for dinner tonight. Carol will do the shopping on the way home.
Dialogue: Mia: Continuation of Fantastic Beasts is on
Emma: Ooooooo
Emma: It was about HP, right?
Mia: Exactly
Emma: :)
Mia: Wanna see it?
Mia: In the cinema, I mean
Alice: Absolutely yes
Emma: Me too!!
Summary: They want to watch the continuation of "Fantastic Beasts" in the cinema.
Dialogue: Cecilia: ok, who wants the copies for the German?
Rowan: I'd like some!!!
Charlotte: a copy for me please
Harper: already got it
Harper: but I think Stephen would like to have it so you can count him
Emily: me!!!!!
Cecilia: ok, so 4 copies, including me it will be 5
Cecilia: I'll bring it tomorrow and I'll tell you how much I paid
Harper: cool, thanks!!!
Charlotte: ok :)
Emily: sure, thanks
Rowan: thx ^^
Summary: Cecilia is going to make 5 copies for German.
Dialogue: Jake: So I'm leaving an hour earlier today.
Renee: Why?
Jake: Dana made an appointment for me on my lunch with a customer. Wasn't that nice?
Renee: Is she bringing you lunch at least?
Jake: No leaving early is fine though.
Renee: Won't you be starving?
Jake: Probably but I can live off my fat!
Renee: LOL!
Summary: Jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat.
Dialogue: Nichola: <file_video>
Nichola: It's so much fun
Nichola: Wish you were here 😭
Gertie: Awesome 😍
Gertie: I'm pretty sure they will organize another Funky Disco party soon 😀
Nichola: Next time they organize it there will be no excuses!
Gertie: You know I wanted to go, but I had to stay with my grands
Nichola: I know, I didn't mean to blame you
Nichola: I really enjoyed it
Gertie: You went with Billie?
Nichola: Billie, Tracy and Greg
Gertie: So cool! I'll join you next time 😀
Nichola: Better start practicing dance moves haha
Gertie: I will be the queen of the dancefloor
Gertie: <file_gif>
Summary: Nichola, Billie, Tracy, and Greg are at a Funky Disco party. Gertie couldn't join because she has to take care of her grandparents.
Dialogue: Steph: i need to go to Cracow this fruday, i'm looking for 2 free seats in a car
Steph: hello btw :D
Tim: morning
Tim: I'm going to Cracow this friday but I have only one seat...
Steph: damn...
Laura: actually two free seats in my car!
Steph: great, could you book them for me? at what time are u planning to leave Warsaw?
Laura: booked 
Laura: 5ish pm?
Steph: cool
Summary: Steph booked two seats in Laura's car going from Warsaw to Cracow on Friday around 5 pm.
Dialogue: Alan: Have you seen my bicycle pump?
Mayrose: Nope!
Alan: That was quick. Are you sure?
Mayrose: Yep!
Alan: Okay then.
Mayrose: How do you lose a bicycle pump?
Alan: Not sure. Maybe I loaned it to neighbor Bill?
Mayrose: I honestly don't know.
Alan: Well, I'll ask him later. Unless you see him around?
Mayrose: Oh no, I'm not getting in the middle!
Alan: It was just a thought.
Mayrose: One you can just forget about. Take care of your own stuff, please.
Alan: Living with you is such a joy. Not!
Mayrose: Could be worse!
Summary: Alan lost his bicycle pump. Mayrose hasn't seen it. Alan could've lent it to Bill. Mayrose won't ask Bill about Alan's pump.
Dialogue: Karen: Can you talk?
Peter: Not now. 15 mins.
Karen: OK, I'll call back then.
Peter: Make it half an hour. the boss is around.
Karen: sure thing. I get it.
Summary: Peter can't talk now. Karen will call him in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Dana: Jasper ?
Jasper: Yes mum
Dana: Clean up your room
Jasper: I'm tired, don't want to
Dana: Please do it, otherwise forget about going to the cinema tonight
Jasper: OK, OK, I'll do it
Dana: Glad to see you're reasonable now
Summary: Jasper will clean his room, because he wants to go to the cinema tonight.
Dialogue: Diana: Okay. 
Diana: We can do this.
Diana: We are literally the most capable people in the department.
Raphaella: You make it sound like we're going to war
Raphaella: XD
Raphaella: <file_gif>
Diana: XD
Diana: Atten-tion!
Raphaella: Ay ay Cap'n!
Raphaella: or should it be yes Ma'am?
Diana: Cap'n will do ;)
Diana: so I got all the decorative supplies just now at the dollar store
Raphaella: I started compiling the list of who will make which dish for the potluck
Raphaella: so far, 20 out of 45 people have volunteered something
Raphaella: so I'll send a reminder email tomorrow to the stragglers ;)
Diana: great :)
Diana: I'll go over the games with HR tomorrow, make sure nothing is too "unprofessional" 
Raphaella: oh good idea
Raphaella: we don't need a repeat of last's years "Jello Incident"
Diana: <file_gif>
Diana: BAHAHAHA
Diana: no, no we don't
Raphaella: can we at least play Big Freedia's Christmas song? 
Diana: We'll put it on the playlist between Alvin and the Chipmunks and Bing Crosby, no one will notice ;)
Summary: Diana and Raphaella are organizing a potluck for the department. Diana bought decorations at the dollar store and she will consult on the games with HR. Raphaella made a list of who can bring what food. 
Dialogue: Peter: we should leave before the dusk 
Jennifer: sure, long before!
Patricia: so maybe we should start preparing
Peter: I'm downstairs, I've already started packing
Patricia: always so diligent 
Peter: this is how I am
Patricia: the perfect leader of this trip
Jennifer: so we're coming down as well to join you
Peter: good
Summary: Peter, Jennifer and Patricia should leave long before the dusk, so Patricia had already started packing. Peter and Jennifer are coming downstairs to join her.
Dialogue: Caroline: Jake still hasn't proposed to me
Caroline: But I keep seeing sponsored ads of engagement rings and jewellery stores on my social media feeds
Judy: Well. Maybe it wasn't the case yet.
Judy: I have to remind you that you've just crashed his car and he needs to spend money on it
Caroline: :(
Caroline: Please. I already feel bad about it.
Caroline: No reminder needed.
Judy: Oh come on. 
Judy: I didn't mean it that way.
Judy: I'm just saying he doesn't have a proper job yet and he doesn't have that kind of money to spend yet.
Judy: Everything comes in a proper moment
Caroline: I know I know
Caroline: It's just these ads are bothering me
Caroline: And everybody are getting engaged recently
Judy: Calm down. You have nothing to worry about. He will propose to you eventually. He loves you so much he could kill the entire world to be with you.
Caroline: Thanks.
Summary: Jake didn't propose to Caroline yet, which makes her unhappy. He doesn't have a proper job and Caroline crashed his car, so he needs to spend money on that. He will propose eventually because he loves her.
Dialogue: Terry: Arguments with his wife? If I were a professor, I would never share things like that with my class.
Ruby: I know!
Terry: So what are they arguing about?
Ruby: Not listening. 
Terry: Aren't u at least a bit curious?
Ruby: Nope.
Summary: Ruby doesn't want to hear about their professor personal life but Terry seems a bit curious.
Dialogue: Amy: Could one of you take care of Peter for a couple of hours?
Amy: They called me from work I need to leave urgently
Jennifer: I'm at work
Lisa: On a Saturday?
Jennifer: sadly 😢
Lisa: You can bring Peter to my place
Lisa: I'll take care of him
Amy: Thanks Lisa 😘 you saved me!!! 
Summary: Amy has to go to work and she needs someone to take care of Peter. Jennifer is at work too. Lisa asks Amy to bring Peter to her place. 
Dialogue: Felix: can you let me in?
Felix: it's freezing
Hanna: no
Hanna: i told you you shouldnt smoke
Felix: you know it's not so easy
Felix: but i will try to stop smoking
Hanna: promise?
Felix: promise.
Summary: Hanna will let Felix in after he promises to quit smoking.
Dialogue: Aria: 40 dollars - told you! :P
Lia: Oh that's great! I'm so proud of you hon :D
Aria: Thanks mom :)
Lia: What will you have to do?
Aria: I'll tell you at home x
Lia: Will you be late?
Summary: Aria will be paid 40 dollars.
Dialogue: Lisa: it was nice meeting your brother
Lisa: but could you please tell him not to call me lis?
Lisa: i hate it
Kevin: I DIDN'T KNOW THAT!!!
Kevin: i call you that all the time
Kevin: i'll cal you lisa from now on :-D
Summary: Kevin agrees to not call Lisa Lis anymore as she hates it.  
Dialogue: Sam: yo
Ahmed: sup
Sam: did I miss a lot in class?
Ahmed: not so much actually
Ahmed: there was a pp presentation, and it's gonna be emailed to us
Ahmed: and we reviewed the last chapter
Sam: ah cool
Sam: still feeling pretty crap so I got a doctor's note
Sam: staying home for a couple of days
Ahmed: that sucks
Ahmed: rest up man
Sam: will do thx
Summary: Sam is sick, he got a doctor's note and he missed the class. 
Dialogue: Illa: hi man! wassup
Trek: wassup man!
Trek: wanna come?
Illa: comin'
Summary: Illa is coming to Trek.
Dialogue: Doris: And? Has he phoned back?
Jo: No. He's only sent me a message that he's "terribly busy" and would contact me later.
Doris: And when was that?
Jo: On Tuesday. In the afternoon.
Doris: Two days ago...
Jo: I think he has forgotten.
Doris: Or he truly is terribly busy!
Jo: Would you believe him?
Doris: How could I know? I don't know him. But I'd expect him to be honest. When he says, he'll phone, he probably means it.
Jo: At least he could have let me know yesterday that he hadn't forgotten.
Doris: Don't be silly. Busy means busy. Give him a bit more time.
Jo: He has the whole time in the universe. I can only wait.
Doris: Exactly.
Jo: And what if he doesn't phone?
Doris: No big deal. There'll be another candidate.
Jo: :(
Summary: Jo is waiting for him to call her. Two days ago he send her a message that he was terribly busy and hasn't contacted her since then. 
Dialogue: Melanie: mom, how do i look?
Melanie: <file_photo>
Joanne: You look lovely, Melanie, as always. :)
Joanne: You should definitely buy it!
Melanie: :) thanks, mom
Melanie: do you think that I could wear this dress on Rob's wedding?
Joanne: Of course, honey! Why not?
Melanie: :) thanks for advice, mom!
Summary: Joanne likes the dress that Melanie is trying on and think she could wear it at Rob's wedding. 
Dialogue: Iris: Bring me the charger
John: I'm not bringing you anything
John: Why are you even texting me when I'm in the next room?
John: When did you become so lazy?
Summary: John will not bring Iris the charger. Iris is too lazy to do it herself.
Dialogue: Lee: The betting site is back online right now
Mason: really?
Lee: yeah, the markets are fair. Just check out
Mason: okay then
Summary: Lee lets Mason know about the betting site being back online right now, so he can check it now.
Dialogue: Collins: I heard you broke up with Veronica.
Andrew: Yeah I did man.
Collins: I'm sorry bro. Hope you know what you are doing.
Andrew: I even don't know what's right or wrong.
Andrew: But I will get my things together.
Collins: That's my boy!
Summary: Andrew has split up with Veronica. 
Dialogue: Linda: I came back to the gym yesterday
Pedro: 👏 👏 👏 👏 
Susanne: Great!
Linda: I haven't exercised in 7 months
Linda: I don't even know how it happened
Linda: Travelling, stress at work, no time for anything 
Linda: I'm all sore but it feels so good to be back
Susanne: 7 months without exercising it's really a long time
Pedro: Yeah. Did you gain weight?
Linda: I lost weight...
Linda: It must have been the stress... 
Pedro: How often are you planning to go to the gym?
Linda: 3-4 times a week, like I used to
Summary: Yesterday Linda started working out again after a 7-month break. She lost weight. 
Dialogue: Carl: <file_photo>
Carl: have you seen that? is he being serious/
Dan: i havent
Dan: oh well
Carl: theres no way im doing all that in 4 days
Dan: yeah i guess it wont be easy
Carl: its not about being easy or hard, its just not possible for me
Carl: this week is a no go for me, i have too much other stuff to do
Dan: well maybe try letting him know that you wont make it
Carl: i guess thats all i have lefet :(
Dan: GL man
Summary: Carl is frustrated, because he won't be able to do his job in 4 days. Carl will contact him to express these doubts.
Dialogue: Monica: If you could change your closet with any girl at school who would that be?
Serena: Alexa!!
Monica: Yeah, she has a great style
Monica: But for me it's too much
Monica: I mean she's all about clothes
Monica: And you see her outfits, but you don't see her as a person
Serena: I know what you mean
Serena: But still, she's the best dressed by far
Serena: If I could change clothes, I'd change with her
Serena: And you?
Monica: Maybe with Mia
Serena: I wouldn't have guessed
Serena: She has such a different style. Nothing to do with what you wear
Monica: That's why. I'd like to feel how it is to wear all the girly things 
Serena: I cannot even imagine you in a dress...
Summary: If Serena could change clothes with any girl at school she would choose Alexa. Monica would choose Mia. Monica's and Mia's styles are very different.
Dialogue: Gabe: how much for the uber?
Harry: I don't know, who ordered it yesterday?
Dominic: Hm, Jacob?
Jacob: Guilty!
Jacob: it may be tricky, with four stops the distance wasn't even for each of us
Gabe: really? :D
Harry: just split the bill in 4 and we're done
Jacob: ok, then it's 20 for each
Summary: Jacob ordered the Uber yesterday. Harry, Gabe and Dominic owe him 20 each.
Dialogue: Zoey: just as a reminder, this Tuesday we're meeting at 6 PM and not at 5 like usual
Aria: yeah, I remember that but thanks for the reminder
Zoey: do you still plan to attend?
Aria: sure, nothing changed so far
Zoey: great!
Summary: Zoey and Aria will meet at 6 pm this Tuesday.
Dialogue: Amadeus: I feel sad
Hubert: oooooh why is that?
Amadeus: I don't know
Amadeus: Was thinking about my life
Wilda: Is it because of your birthday?
Amadeus: I guess
Amadeus: Another year has passed and my life continues being miserable 
Summary: Amadeus is sad because he feels his life is miserable.
Dialogue: Gus: where the fuck is my chocolate?!?!?!
Barry: i needed it
Barry: but i will buy you the same one
Gus: but that one was for Dinny and she just came
Barry: why do you buy her chocolate?
Gus: its our anniversary
Barry: what?
Barry: you know her for one month or so
Gus: and thats our first month anniversary
Barry: lol you celebrate that shit?
Gus: she is celebrating 
Barry: its so stupid xd
Gus: i know but now i dont have gift
Gus: she will be mad
Summary: Barry took the chocolate that Gus had bought for Dinny for their first month anniversary.
Dialogue: Cam: Man where's my money
Sid: I am totally gonna pay you back this week
Cam: You keep saying that
Sid: I mean it!! Sorry!!!
Summary: Sid owes Cam money. He wants to give it back this week. 
Dialogue: Ann: <file_photo>
Lucy: Awwww, how cute!!
Rachel: How old is she?
Ann: 2 :)
Lucy: And that pink dress <33
Lucy: Little princess!
Ann: <file_photo>
Rachel: She's adorable :)
Ann: <file_photo>
Lucy: Awwwwww
Lucy: Beautiful little girl *.*
Rachel: Lovely family :)
Ann: Thanks :)
Summary: Ann's daughter is 2 years old. She has a pink dress and is adorable.
Dialogue: Cameron: I gotta tell you now, cause it’s gonna be too late. I got an email from sociology professor, we gotta be ready with this presentation 10 min before class, he has to hear it first and then we can speak in front everyone
Jules: You gotta be kiddin me! Why?
Cameron: important subject, he doesn’t want any bullshit
Kelly: Well, understandable, I’m ok with that
Jules: not that I’m not, just gotta have some trust man
Kelly: hahaa after what we did last time?
Kelly: Please:D 
Cameron: Agreed with Kelly, we fucked up, there's not trust anymore:D just raw data
Summary: The sociology presentation must be ready 10 minutes before class for the professor to hear it before it's presented.
Dialogue: Louise: Anna is accepted at Paris la Sorbonne.
Lea: great, i'm happy for her. Which major?
Louise: don't know. She should call you to have tips.
Lea: I'm away for the next 2 weeks.
Louise: Holidays?
Lea: not really. Weeks of revision!
Lea: Say hello to Anna.
Louise: we would meet this week end
Summary: Anna was admitted to Paris la Sorbonne. Lea will be away for two weeks.
Dialogue: Mathéo: man, did you see the new Samsung 10? it looks bomb!
Yuri: yeah man! watched an unboxing yesterday and it really really looks awesome! I mean, how many cameras can they fit in there! 😂
Mathéo: I know! I have the 9, and the camera is excellent... I can only imagine with 4!
Yuri: yeah, check it here 
Yuri: <file_video>
Mathéo: daamn that quality! well need to start saving for this baby. Plus I don't have a real camera, so it is a good investment for me
Yuri: yes totally, I also heard the Iphone X camera was dope AF!
Mathéo: yeah it is! it's what I used for my last photo... but I am Android person 💁
Yuri: for sure!
Mathéo: and you? are you changing your phone yet?
Yuri: naah man, I prefer to spend my money elsewhere... I can keep a phone for more than 3 years it doesn't bother me
Mathéo: yeah stay with your 3G... while the world is heading to 5G 🚀
Yuri: haha fuck you man 🖕
Mathéo: you will get along very well with my mom haha
Summary: Mathéo and Yuri like the new Samsung 10. It takes good pictures. Mathéo wants to replace his Samsung 9 with it. Yuri is not planning on changing his phone.
Dialogue: Donna: are you in the room 3?
Brenda: No, i went to another panel, I just didn't like the panelists in 3
Donna: why?
Brenda: bunch of Russians speaking English, cannot understand them
Liam: hahahah
Donna: yes, it's true a bit, but the subject is interesting
Brenda: anyway, I'm in 5
Liam: me too
Donna: ok, pity
Summary: Brenda and Liam are in room 5. In room 3 there's a bunch of Russians speaking English which Bredna couldn't understand. Donna's in room 3, because she likes the subject.
Dialogue: John: Guys, have you heard that Luxembourg wants to introduce free public transport?
Ben: Yes, I read yesterday, very interesting
Finn: high time for this kind of things
Zoe: what do you mean?
Finn: if we want people to use less cars and care about the environment we have to change
Finn: to public transport
Finn: and make it competitive
Finn: so people would prefer to use it than spend money on cars and gas
John: I find it very interesting as well, most of all I'd like to know if it's doable
John: I mean it's expensive to maintain the system
Ben: But it seems that Luxembourg is not the first to do it
John: really?
Ben: I read about Tallinn some time ago
Ben: let me find the thing
Finn: I've googled it, it seems that Tallinn did it 5 years ago
Finn: and it worked so well that they want to make all public transport free in the country
Ben: wow, that's very progressive
Zoe: let's see, but the idea seems to work
Finn: yes, it does!
Summary: Luxembourg wants to introduce free public transport. Tallinn did it 5 years ago and it's worked out well. 
Dialogue: Terry: So it happened! I didn't expect the parliament to make it happen
Konstantinos: but Tsipras really pushed for it
Josif: but also so many nationalist protests against it
Kaliopi: I think it's a good decision
Terry: so when will the change happen?
Terry: when will we have officially the new name for Macedonia?
Konstantinos: I'm not sure actually
Josif: I think the change is conditional
Josif: Greece has to support (North) Macedonia's access to NATO and the EU first
Terry: but why 2/3 of Greeks are not happy with the solution?
Terry: are they all nationalists?
Kaliopi: possibly, very sad
Konstantinos: also the Orthodox Church is against it
Konstantinos: sadly
Summary: Nationalists are protesting against parliament's decision to change Macedonia's name. Orthodox Church is also against it. 
Dialogue: Adrian: Did you get the tickets?
Maja: No, not yet. I still don't know when exactly I'd come
Adrian: Sure
Maja: But I will buy em this days
Adrian: For me it will take 3 hours to get there. Luckily your trip will be shorter
Maja: Unfortunately it won't be shorter
Maja: :((
Adrian: Really? Why? 
Maja: I live 600km away from neares airport
Adrian: Ooooh, I didn't take that into account
Adrian: Whooooa
Maja: In Transilvania :D
Adrian: This is the best info I've heard!
Maja: Where the vampires are
Adrian: Bring me some garlic:D! 
Adrian: Or maybe I should bring you some:d?
Maja: We both bring garlic
Adrian: Lucky you, I've seen some pics of Transilvania, it looks amazing
Maja: Yeah, some part of it looks pretty nice
Maja: I cant lie
Maja: Cracow look better I would say
Adrian: You can stay longer, so we could visit it :)
Summary: Maja has not bought her tickets yet but will do it this day. She lives in Transilvania, 600 km from the nearest airport, which will make her trip longer than Adrian's.
Dialogue: Jose: I'm waiting in front of the capitolio nacional
Mary: we're still in the Garcia Marquez Cultural Centre
Jose: do you like it?
Mary: a lot, the bookstore is amazing, they also have some books in English
Jose: ok, so i'll just go there
Mary: great idea
Tom: I thought we were going to have a dinner
Hugo: we're going to have a dinner
Mary: sure
Tom: but where?
Jose: I was thinking about Restaurant Bonaparte
Tom: why there? it seems so pretentious
Jose: a friend of mine told me they have very good food
Tom: I've checked the menu on-line, but they don't have anything in English
Jose: sorry, I'll translate for you there
Tom: ok, so I'm heading to Marquez as well
Mary: perfect!
Mary: we can have some ice-cream afterwards
Hugo: you're a genius Mary ;)
Jose: btw, why pretentious Tom?
Tom: the French flag
Jose: oh, this. Just a logo.
Summary: Jose is waiting in front of the Capitolio Nacional. He and Tom will join Mary at the Garcia Marquez Cultural Centre. Jose, Mary, Tom and Hugo will eat dinner at the Restaurant Bonaparte and have some ice cream later.
Dialogue: Natasha: Mum's birthday is in two weeks
Joseph: I know. 
Joseph: I have no idea what to give her...
Hilda: Me neither 
Hilda: She has everything
Natasha: Maybe we should give her an experience 
Hilda: What do you mean?
Natasha: Last year for my birthday my friends took me out to do bungee jumping
Hilda: Mum wouldn't like that...
Natasha: Of course not 
Natasha: But we can think of a different experience
Hilda: Like a trip or something?
Joseph: I think mum would love a trip to Italy!
Natasha: What a great idea!!
Natasha: She loves Italy
Natasha: When did she go there last time?
Joseph: 5 years ago... I think
Joseph: Where should we take her?
Hilda: I think she really liked Venice.
Natasha: Lets do it! 
Summary: Mum's birthday is in two weeks. Hilda, Joseph and Natasha are going to take Mum to Venice.
Dialogue: Matthew: I'm downstairs
Paul: already?
Raul: we're still drinking
Paul: come and join us
Matthew: I can't drink tonight, I'm driving
Paul: not even one beer
Matthew: I don't want problems, come down
Paul: ok, we're finishing
Summary: Matthew won't drink alcohol because he's driving. He is waiting for Paul to come down.
Dialogue: Maja: Our favourite Youtuber has a new video :)
Maja: <file_video>
Jacek: "What I keep in my make up drawer" hahaha
Przemek: What does she keep there?
Maja: What do you think, a bunch of shitty make up :D
Summary: Maja shares a video with Jacek and Przemek. It's a video of their favourite Youtuber.
Dialogue: Damian: Did you buy Mom a gift for her birthday?
Ethan: What?! omg I totally forgot!
Damian: Always the same... Come on, get ready and I'll pick you up in 5. Let's see what we can find that's nice for her.
Ethan: You are a life saver.
Summary: Damian and Ethan are going to buy their mum a birthday present from Ethan.
Dialogue: Dax: Dad is making chicken wings tonight, you coming over?
Miles: Hell, yes!
Dax: The wings are calling!
Miles: Oh yeah...
Summary: Miles and Dax are having Dad's chicken wings tonight.
Dialogue: Suzie: I still don't have my course schedule for next month...
Nancy: oh.. when will you have it?
Suzie: Probably next week 
Suzie: but it was supposed to be yesterday, so I don't believe them anymore.
Nancy: OK
Nancy: So it's probably better to talk dates when you have it
Suzie: Yeah, sorry :(
Nancy: oh c'mon!
Nancy: it's not your fault!
Nancy: <file_gif>
Suzie: Yeah, I know, but I'm holding you up
Nancy: We'll manage
Nancy: don't worry :*
Summary: Suzie will probably get her course schedule for the next month next week, so it's only then she can talk dates with Nancy.
Dialogue: Chloe: Call Ethan to return my Guitar, I am out of credit. Been waiting for her text for half an hour
Daniel: He is with me and he dont have his phone right now. I have shown him your texts
Chloe: Ask him to bring it back ASAP
Summary: Chloe needs Daniel to ask Ethan to bring back her guitar at the earliest.
Dialogue: Mom: I've got the suitcase
Lee: Thanks!
Lee: I'll drop by tomorrow, okay?
Mom: Sure!
Mom: Do you want me to get you anything else?
Lee: No, you're sweet, thank you
Lee: But I'm a big girl and I have to do it myself
Mom: But I know how busy you are!
Mom: And it's no problem, really :-)
Lee: I know, Mom, but I have to go to the shop by myself and think about what I'm gonna need.
Mom: OK, but if there's anything...
Lee: I'll let you know!
Mom: Perfect.
Lee: Thanks, Mom, I love you :*
Mom: I love you too, sweetie.
Summary: Lee will stop by Mom's to pick up a suitcase. She needs to go shopping and pack soon.
