Dialogue: Peter: Got an idea. Fire him maybe?
Amy: Sorry, baby doll. Can't do that.
Peter: Bt y?
Amy: Company policy.
Peter: WAT?
Amy: Company policy says we can't fire him. 
Peter: Bt y?
Amy: Well, there aren't many ppl who actually want to work 4 us.
Peter: Even still!
Amy: I know. I have to deal with him on a daily basis. 
Peter: Poor u!
Amy: Yeah, I know.
Summary: Amy has to deal with him on daily basis at work and she doesn't like it. She cannot fire him because of the company policy. 
Dialogue: Nickie: hey ladies!!!! I'm home for the weekend, how about doing a ladies night?
Janine: Nickie, at last! I thought you were not coming
Nicole: hey B-) I'm in
Nicole: and Janine is right, explain yourself xd
Nickie: I'm so sorry girls, but it's all so different here...I have a lot of work, like at the university, apart from that I'm doing two courses and this job at the hostel...it's too much
Janine: two courses? what courses?
Nickie: the one from legal English, translations and so on and the other one from Italian, just to refresh the language
Nicole: how many shifts do you have at work?
Nickie: sometimes it's 3, sometimes 4...often at night, it's extremely overwhelming
Janine: jesus..do you sleep? do you even have time for that?
Nickie: I do, but it's about 5 or sometimes even 4 hours...I'm tired :/
Nicole: I think you should give up one of these activities or at least organize it somehow, cause you're not a strongwoman
Nickie: I know, I'm trying my best 
Nickie: but getting back to our plans, when are you free? maybe Sunday?
Nicole: I'm free on these two days
Janine: Saturday sounds cool
Nickie: Saturday then!
Summary: Nickie's home for the weekend and wants to organise a ladies night with Janine and Nickie. Nickie has a lot going on recently at work and the university. They'll all meet up on Saturday.
Dialogue: Beth: Hi gorgeous, you alright?
Emma: Yeah, enjoying year 11?
Beth: Hmm, no, it sucks actually! So much work!
Emma: Yeah, I remember, actually, you won't like this, but Year 12 is even worse!!
Beth: Yuck! I might look for an apprenticeship, I can't stand much more sodding school!😩
Emma: Well, fine, but try to hang on to get a few GCSES, at least!
Beth: Maybe, but my auntie is looking for a Saturday girl in the salon, might ask her.
Emma: Nepotism, eh?
Beth: Wot?!
Emma: See, that's why education is a good idea!😏 I just mean, getting advantages through family connections.
Beth: So what, everyone does it. I may give hairdressing a go, or there's a beauty bit there too now, auntie has just bought the shop next door and renovated it. I could be a beauty therapist?
Emma: Pretty good idea, but think of doing Brazilian waxes on people!🤤
Beth: I agree, it's pretty scary! We'll see, can't hurt to ask, anyway.
Emma: Why not! Anyway, see you at the club on Fri?
Beth: Oh, yessssss, heard a certain blond trainee mechanic will be there😍
Emma: Oh God, yeah, the new guy, Nat, isn't it? Joe told me they had a newbie.
Beth: Joe's pretty fit for an old guy, mind.
Emma: Er, gross, that's my brother! See you!
Summary: Emma and Beth don't like school. Beth is thinking about apprenticeship at her aunt's salon. Both girls like Nat. Beth also likes Joe, Emma's brother.
Dialogue: Hun: Just saw a couple arguing over fries 😂😂
Hun: reminded me of us 😍
Jim: hello my lady, i see you're not angry at me anymore
Hun: no I'm not, I just realized how stupid this must have looked like
Jim: I'm sorry anyways, we will solve our food problems better next time
Hun: I swear any time I'd think I'm not hungry I'd buy myself something small so that I don't eat your food
Jim: that would be lovely darling 😍
Hun: I'll try my best 🙂
Jim: love you ❤️
Hun: love you too boo ❤️
Summary: Hun isn't upset with Jim anymore after seeing a couple fight over fries. She promises to order something small for herself next time, even if she doesn't feel hungry.
Dialogue: Emily: hey Paul 🙂 long time no see
Paul: Emily 🙂 what's new?
Emily: idk where to start
Emily: I moved to Glasgow with my new boyfriend Jamie
Emily: I study economics there
Paul: that is a lot to take in at once, wait
Paul: what happened to your old boyfriend?
Emily: nothing really. like it was nothing going on between the two of us lol
Paul: I understand
Paul: hope you're feeling better in a new relationship 🙂
Emily: I do
Paul: so how is Glasgow treatin you?
Emily: I'm stilll exploring the city, but so far so good
Paul: good to hear that
Emily: this is a new beginning for me, new people, new place 🙂
Paul: good luck with all that
Emily: thanks, I gotta go now, I'll talk to you later
Paul: okie dokie
Summary: Emily moved to Glasgow with her new boyfriend Jamie, and she's studying economics there.
Dialogue: Faith: You didnt tell me about the test results
Jason: You didnt ask
Faith: You knew I did not come that day
Jason: Guess i was supposed to tell you
Faith: Yeah you were
Jason: Wait let me send you the results
Faith: Waiting
Jason: <file_image>
Faith: Yeah I god 90%
Jason: Ik you are good at studies
Faith: wbu ?
Jason: 70% is good for me :)
Faith: You can ask for the things which you cant understand
Jason: Sure I will.
Jason: Thank you
Faith: I am about to study you can come to my place
Jason: I might not be able to come
Faith: why ? :/
Jason: Coz I am at Harrison's
Summary: Faith got 90% on the test and Jason got 70%. Faith offered to teach Jason if he thinks he needs help.
Dialogue: Nicole: Hi Ruth, how are you?
Ruth: I’m fine. Looking for a job.
Nicole: What? You don’t work at W&A anymore?
Ruth: I was fired…
Ruth: Long story, I’m super disappointed
Nicole: How is it possible??
Nicole: You were doing great
Nicole: Did Jack fire you?
Ruth: Yes…
Nicole: How is it possible?? He’s the biggest fan of your work
Nicole: I never heard him saying a bad word about you
Nicole: All he did was praising you
Ruth: And this is why I lost my job… 
Nicole: How come? I don’t get it
Ruth: So Jack has a new girlfriend. 
Ruth: She truly hates me.
Nicole: What a jealous bitch!!
Ruth: He literally made him fire me
Nicole: That’s absurd!! 
Summary: Ruth was dismissed from W&A by Jack. Jack was persuaded to do so by his new girlfriend.
Dialogue: Gael: Hey, I'm not quite sure which video we should use for the lesson today
Gael: There is quite a lot to choose from, but some may not be as relevant
Gael: What's your opinion?
Radcliff: Hmm.. I'm not sure either, maybe we could do some brainstorming..
Gael: Good idea! I have a few steps listed already..
Radcliff: We can improvise, let's have a think about it 
Gael: Actually the last time I did this kind of class, it went very well, and most of the information we had was all improvised :)
Radcliff: I'm sure it will be ok with a few improvised moves, it's just the first lesson anyway 💃
Gael: I'll bring along my notes and we can meet up in the area by the wooden flooring
Gael: It's a really good spot with an ample amount of space :)
Radcliff: Do you mean the one which is on the left when you arrive by the pond?
Gael: Yes that's it ;)
Radcliff: Ok :)
Gael: Send me a text when you leave home 👍
Gael: Oh, can you please bring along the extra pair of shoes, Mandy is probably coming too
Gael: She arrived yesterday :)
Radcliff: Ok, will do ;)
Radcliff: Good luck with all the meetings today 😛
Gael: 😒
Summary: Gael and Radcliff have their first dance lesson today. They have to decide which video to use. Radcliff will bring an extra pair of shoes for Mandy who will probably also join them.
Dialogue: Ray: Hello, let's discuss the meeting.
Rich: Hey, good idea to create this conversation.
Virginia: Hey guys, I'm ready.
Ray: Okay, the meeting will probably start with poll.
Rich: I don't even know whom I should pick.
Virginia: me too
Ray: Then we will talk through future plans.
Virginia: Boring stuff as usual...
Summary: Ray, Rich and Virginia will attend the meeting that will include poll and discuss future plans.
Dialogue: Tomek: Hey I like this girl but I am kinda nervous to ask her out.
Ania: Just do it! I bet you 10$ she will say yes :)
Tomek: Do you want to go out with me? (´･ω･`)
Ania: Ummmm...sorry not my type.
Tomek: Oh, okay!
Tomek: Then u owe me $10 😜😜😜
Summary: Tomek asks Ania to go out with him but she declines. 
Dialogue: Robbie: Board game night!
Kris: What?
Robbie: Board game night! Friday night board game night.
Kris: No, thank you, especially on a Friday night.
Robbie: Come on, it'll be great! We plan on playing Catan and Risk (Europe edition).
Kris: I hate Catan, but Risk is ok.
Robbie: Just come and see if you like it. We bring snacks and beer.
Kris: Did you say beer? 
Robbie: <file_photo> There's a pic of our last meeting.
Kris: Wow, so many people?
Robbie: Yeah, we usually split up into 3 or 4 groups.
Kris: Ok, maybe I'll come.
Robbie: Cool. My place at 7 then.
Kris: Should I bring anything??
Robbie: You can bring some snacks if you want, but since you're a first-timer you don't have to worry about it.
Kris: Ok, I'll bring a few beers.
Robbie: Ok, <file_photo>
Kris: hehe... bye
Summary: Kris, impressed by Robbie's last board game night, will join it Friday night.
Dialogue: Pauline: <file_photo>
Pauline: look how cute our cat is
Kevin: she's gorgeous <file_gif>
Pauline: haha
Pauline: you can come and visit!
Kevin: well, thanks
Kevin: I was planning to pop in ;)
Pauline: anytime Kevin, anytime :)
Summary: Pauline would like Kevin to visit her and her cat. 
Dialogue: Caleb: How are you guys?
Jeniffer: very good, thanks
Brooke: yes, it's very exciting here
Caleb: where are you exactly?
Jeniffer: Now in New York!
Caleb: how cool!
Caleb: what have you seen so far?
Jeniffer: We've been to Connecticut and Massachusetts 
Jeniffer: But NYC is the best
Brooke: you forgot about Rhode Island
Jeniffer: right, such an important state! :P
Brooke: ;)
Caleb: you see, I knew you would like it
Caleb: what do you like the most?
Jeniffer: diversity!
Jeniffer: something we don't have in Europe to that extend
Jeniffer: you're walking down a street and you hear 15 different languages 
Brooke: and everything is exaggerated 
Brooke: too big, greater than needed, it's quite fascinating 
Brooke: food, buildings, cars, everything
Caleb: I'm glad you enjoy it girls!
Brooke: :*
Summary: Jeniffer and Brooke're in New York now. They've been also to Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The thing Jeniffer likes the most in America is diversity while in Brooke's opinion it's urban splendor.
Dialogue: Timothy: We're coming tomorrow!
Regina: I'm so excited!
Lorenzo: Great! I prepared the room for you, I hope you'll like it.
Regina: You're so nice!
Timothy: What's the weather down there?
Lorenzo: it's chilly but not cold
Timothy: haha, what does it mean for you Sicilians?
Lorenzo: Like 16-19 degrees
Regina: Celsius?
Lorenzo: hahaha, yes, sure!
Regina: unbelievable, so warm!
Lorenzo: LOL, not really
Timothy: for us it's almost summer
Regina: 😍
Regina: see you tomorrow in the paradise!
Lorenzo: ahahaha, see you tomorrow!
Summary: Timothy is coming to visit Regina and Lorenzo in Sicily tomorrow. He's gonna stay at Lorenzo's. The weather is around 16-19 degrees Celsius. 
Dialogue: Lucas: man have u played RDD yet
Marshall: RDD?
Lucas: my bad
Lucas: I meant RDR2
Marshall: Ah
Marshall: Haven't had the chance to do that yet, I'm a little strapped for cash atm
Lucas: ohhh ur missin out
Lucas: man
Marshall: It's not often that I see you freak out like this over a game xD
Lucas: ur only saying that cuz u havent tried it urself
Lucas: its fucking magical im telling u
Marshall: Well, I have read a lot of good things about it too
Marshall: I'm hoping to get it soon
Lucas: like
Lucas: check out the snow physics
Lucas: <file_video>
Lucas: (also prepare for a surprise lol)
Marshall: Oh man, that is pretty sweet, wow
Marshall: It's the first time I've seen snow this realistic
Marshall: WTH
Marshall: Happened there
Marshall: Oh my God
Lucas: hahahahaha xD
Lucas: told u there was a surprise
Marshall: Nothing could've prepared me for that lol
Marshall: If it's a bug, I wouldn't even care because that's hilarious
Marshall: Damn, now you've really made me want to play it
Lucas: ;) ur welcome
Marshall: I don't have this much money, though... unless you can lend me some?
Summary: Marshall can't afford RDR2. Lucas is hyped with the game. Marshall wants to play it too.
Dialogue: Jay: I am waiting by the Washroom 
Kale: Cant see u
Kale: Oh okay nevermind I see u 
Summary: Jay is waiting for Kale by the Washroom.
Dialogue: Amy: I can't stand it anymore!!!
Angela: What?
Amy: This guy from my office
Amy: He's do sexy
Amy: And apparently he's hitting on me 
Amy: When he's speaking with his Russian accent
Amy: I'm melting
Angela: Did you guys make out???
Amy: No!! I'm a married woman
Amy: But I feel we are close 
Amy: Very close
Amy: The other day, we had a party for the people from the office
Amy: There was so much tension between us
Amy: I was dying for him to kiss me
Amy: I wanted him to fuck me hard
Amy: But I cannot do it. I love Joseph.
Amy: If he discovered I would be fucked
Angela: Calm down, sweetheart
Angela: Maybe you need some distance from this Russian guy
Angela: How close do you work?
Amy: I see him everyday 
Summary: Amy has a crush on the Russian guy from her office but she's married and loves Joseph.
Dialogue: Miranda: Hi guys, are you back in town?
Gabby: No, I'm still at my parents' place
Alexa: I'll come back on Monday I believe, I got really lazy here
Alexa: and I always forget how good it is to be in the countryside, the fresh air, empty space, animals. It's very relaxing 
Miranda: And I'm here alone, how boring
Miranda: Even Tider has ended
Alexa: no more guys around?
Miranda: no
Alexa: But you have like 10000 matches anyway
Miranda: yes, but it's boring to come back to them
Miranda: we always want new swipes! right?
Alexa: hahaha, right. We are all sick
Miranda: I'm not sure. i just don't believe in love from Tinder 
Miranda: so it's rather a joke for me
Summary: Gabby is at her parents, Alexa is out of town, Miranda is alone and bored. She finds Tinder tedious and quite useless.  
Dialogue: Lidia: Hello Barbra.
Barbra: Hello Lidia. Good to hear from you.
Lidia: I wonder if you'd go to church this Sunday?
Barbra: That's surprising! I haven't been in church for years.
Lidia: I know. But I've been watching you recently...
Barbra: You have? And what?
Lidia: You don't look healthy, my dear. We all should start thinking about our souls.
Barbra: You know what Lidia. Why don't you try a new pair of eyeglasses?
Summary: Barbra refuses to accompany Lidia to church.
Dialogue: Uri: Hi Tamar, this is Uri. We met in the Block last weekend
Tamar: Hi! What's up?
Uri: I'm going out. Thought about you.
Tamar: I'm also going out :-)
Uri: I was thinking of going to the Block.
Tamar: I'm going to Kuli Alma with some friends
Uri: Do you mind if I join you guys?
Tamar: I don't. Come with us! It will be fun! 
Summary: Uri will go with Tamar and his friends to Kuli Alma. 
Dialogue: Paul: super marioooo paartyy
Paul: it's so much fun
Mike: lets play it then, i wanna try
Kate: yeah, whatcha waitin for, bring it on
Paul: all right all right
Paul: gimme a break
Paul: i just wanted to let you know how great it is :P
Paul: but well play together, dont worry
Kate: i hope so xD
Mike: duuudee don't be like that, i wanna play already :D
Paul: haha okay that's what i wanted to hear
Summary: Paul, Mike and Kate want to play Super Mario.
Dialogue: James: Hey man
Cole: hey
James: I need some cash
James: can you lend me some
Cole: uhh no
James: I'll give it back
Cole: that's not the problem
Cole: I'm just broke myself
James: ugh fine... gees what a month
Cole: yeah I know
Summary: James wants to borrow some money from Cole. Cole has no money.
Dialogue: Jacob: <file_photo?
Xavier: Is that your dad? 
Anne: Wow! 
Jacob: I miss him 
Anne: 😌
Summary: Jacob misses his father.
Dialogue: Riley: How is the sports festival going so far?
Brandon: Its pretty much like the last year
Riley: What do you mean?
Brandon: Same people same games :/
Riley: What else did you expect from a sports week?
Brandon: I was expecting we would be playing match with other institutes :/
Riley: competitive matches are going to held next month
Brandon: Who told you that?
Riley: I am also a member of organizing team. So I know most of the things
Brandon: What else do you know?
Riley: That they are not letting you in their team :P
Brandon: Huh, Who want to play with those jerks
Riley: Dont worry, We would organize an other match after this week
Brandon: I might not be able to play next week :/
Riley: Why ? :/
Brandon: I might go to my grandma's with family
Riley: Oh boy :/
Brandon: But we would play when i would come back :)
Riley: Sure, I would be waiting for you :D     
Summary: Brandon is in sports festival. He thinks is similar to last year's. Competitive matches are going to be held next month.  Riley is a member of the organizing team. They will organise a new match after this week. Brandon has a family meeting at his grandma's next week. They may play when he's back. 
Dialogue: Beth: heey, I heard Sanders saying smth how you're all signed up for multilingualism
Beth: i can't do it, the system won't let me
Beth: and i'm wondering if i'm the only one :(
Jade: hey, don't worry, i was only able to sign up for like 3-4 classes
Jade: one of us emailed the IT guy but radio silence since
Beth: you're kidding
Beth: i also wrote him to sign me up for my additional lectures and got ignored
Beth: i guess we all have to come up to him in person so he can do it all collectively
Jade: yeah, seems like the only option rn
Jade: btw you know which IT guy this is?
Beth: Campbell, from the applied linguistics dep
Beth: so i guess that other building
Jade: ok, i think i'll go there tomorrow if i can make it :p
Beth: just don't know which room he's in
Jade: i'll figure that out :)
Beth: which doesn't change the fact i wouldn't mind if prof Sanders threw me out of her class
Beth: cause I'm not on the list
Jade: ahahahah true!
Jade: btw did you do the homework? xD
Beth: forgot to check our inbox...
Beth: so I guess I'm not showing up tomorrow
Jade: i'm considering this as well
Beth: was it something massive?
Beth: i take my sleeping seriously after all
Jade: we were supposed to summarize some paper
Beth: nooooooo
Jade: as if there was no abstract... ;)
Beth: exactly...
Summary: Beth and Jade have some trouble signing up for classes, but the IT guy ignores their e-mails for help. Jade will go there tomorrow to see him. Beth and Jade might skip the class tomorrow as they didn't do the homework.
Dialogue: Scott: i need a break, u?
Adam: 10 ok?
Scott: 11 floor, kitchen?
Adam: ok
Summary: Scott and Adam will meet at 10 in the 11th-floor kitchen.
Dialogue: Tom: Have you seen that?? xD
Tom: <file_video>
Liam: OMG whats that.....
Alexander: ... WTF xD
Tom: 2:43
Alexander: xOOOOO
Tom: And the ending is even better
Tom: 3:03
Liam: LOOOOOOL
Liam: What I've just seen
Alexander: When did you find it?
Tom: It was posted on some group on Fb
Alexander: Which one? I think I need to join this group xDDD
Tom: I recommend it
Tom: Totally
Alexander: I've never seen so weird :D
Alexander: I'm soooooo confused
Tom: I know, me too
Liam: <file_gif>
Summary: The facebook video Tom found is both fascinating and confusing.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: <file_photo>, has anyone solved this?
Jenna: You are scaring me with these pictures
Elisabeth: I know it looks like a blue screen, but it is just what he choose for his presentations :D
Derek: I have no idea how to solve that, we are quite fucked
Arthur: Does anyone at least have all the important formulas on one piece of paper?
Summary: Neither Elisabeth nor Derek know how to solve this. Arthur wants all the important formulas on one piece of paper.
Dialogue: Karen: Judy and Irwin, I must send a complete list of those who want to go to Roma next month
Karen: So I need information from you. Should I put your names on the list?
Irwin: I've already confirmed but yeah, sure, I'm in
Judy: Sorry guys, I've got plans already...
Judy: Hope you'll enjoy the trip :) Take some photos
Karen: Alright, thanks
Summary: Irwin will go to Roma next month with Karen. Judy cannot go.
Dialogue: Doris: hello, not used to this yet. Jack showed me what to Do.
Maisie: yes, amazing what kids do these days, love. Our Gary helps us with so much computer stuff.
Doris: you going tomorrow?
Maisie : yes, hope to. Marge may be there though, hope she doesn't latch onto us!
Doris: I know, I've had enough of her and her operations! Perhaps Joan will be there and they can bore each other to death! You stick with me, dear!
Maisie: can't wait! We'll have a good old natter like we used to! I dont see many people from the old office anymore. See you at 10 outside the church.Bye!
Summary: Doris and Maisie are not experts at computer stuff. They are going out tomorrow. Maisie is looking forward to it. They are meeting at 10 outside the church.
Dialogue: Lucas: Hi
Lucas: Be ready at 4.30
Lucas: My sister will take you to the airport
Malin: Really? Wow, thank you so much!
Malin: Please send me her number
Lucas: <file_other>
Malin: I hope it's not a problem for her
Lucas: Not at all :)
Malin: Thanks again!
Lucas: Please text me at boarding :)
Malin: OK :*
Summary: Lucas' sister will take Malin to the airport at 4:30.
Dialogue: Rosemary: <file_photo>
Rosemary: SHINE on sunday, are you in?
Josephine: ooooooh I see a party coming :D
Gisele: I'm afraid I'm going home this weekend :/
Rosemary: no way, you gotta stay
Rosemary: pleeeeeeease, recently we've been studying and nothing else
Gisele: I'd love to go, but I really don't know anything yet :/
Gisele: shiet
Josephine: I'm in, that's for sure, but I'd like the three of us to go
Josephine: I miss the time we spent together on partying or whatever
Gisele: I miss it too...I'll call my mom and ask her, cause we were planning to visit our family, but I can't remember if that was Sunday or maybe Saturday
Rosemary: ok, do it even now
Gisele: yep, i'm calling
Josephine: btw, Rosie, have you seen my pic on the instagram?
Rosemary: yes!!!! I love your hair, I can't wait to see it tomorrow!! How much did you pay?
Josephine: thanks!!! 100$
Rosemary: sounds reasonable, especially when the change is so visible and splendid
Josephine: yeeeah I love it
Gisele: ok girls I'm free on Sunday :D my mom told me that we're going to my aunt on Saturday
Rosemary: cool B-)
Josephine: great!!!!
Summary: Gisele postponed the family visit to Sunday so she can go to the party with Josephine and Rosemary.
Dialogue: Matt: Good morning :)
Sophie: Hello :) :*
Matt: How are you today?
Sophie: Fine. At work.
Matt: Can you meet me this week?
Sophie: Yes. Wednesday of Thursday
Matt: Thursday is fine
Matt: You work on Thursday?
Sophie: A couple of hours, maybe
Matt: Ok... 
Sophie: Your place? :)
Matt: Yes :) 10am?
Sophie: So early?!
Matt: Can't wait to see you...
Sophie: :) can you meet tomorrow? :)
Matt: No :( I'm travelling till Wednesday afternoon
Sophie: OK. Then Thursday morning. I'm coming for breakfast...
Matt: Miss you...
Summary: Sophie will come to Matt's place for breakfast on Thursday at 10 am.
Dialogue: Feyi: What are you wearing to the dinner?
Cathy: Not sure. Probably a dress or something. You?
Feyi: <file_photo> 
Cathy: Wow!
Feyi: Yeah, I think it looks good and it's comfortable. It even has pockets!
Cathy: I like it! I need to re-think what I'm wearing if you're going to look so fly!
Feyi: Aw...
Cathy: True!
Feyi: What about that black skirt and top you wore last week? They look cute!
Cathy: I wear those everywhere! LOL!
Feyi: You do not!
Cathy: I feel like I do!
Feyi: LOL! I hear you. I feel like I only wear black, gray and white!
Cathy: It's easier to mix and match! LOL!
Feyi: Exactly! I don't have to worry about it!
Cathy: Right? I hear the Facebook guy wears the same thing every day so he can spend time on more useful things that picking outfits! 
Feyi: He's smart!
Cathy: Yes!
Feyi: Anyway, gotta go, but if you want to come over and borrow something, I'll be home later.
Cathy: That would be cool! Shopping in your closet! LOL!
Feyi: Exactly! L8R!
Cathy: Bye!
Summary: Cathy and Feyi are going to attend a dinner. Cathy will possibly pay Feyi a visit later and borrow something to wear for the dinner.
Dialogue: Sam: you seem pretty busy lately
Rick: a new project at work
Sam: interesting at least?
Rick: seen worse, so can't complain
Rick: how about you?
Sam: same old
Rick: still training for the run?
Sam: more or less
Sam: I had a short break as I pulled my muscle
Rick: when's the event?
Sam: middle of May
Sam: so still over two months left
Rick: I still don't understand why you're doing it
Sam: a bet
Sam: what else :P
Rick: honestly you should stop drinking
Rick: you'll end up killing yourself with all those stupid bets of yours
Sam: objection!
Sam: for this bet I was completely sober 
Rick: even worse
Rick: you just hate to lose
Sam: I never back down from a challenge
Rick: just make sure you're well prepared
Sam: I'm in my best shape in years
Rick: that's not an achievement
Rick: considering how out of shape you were :P
Sam: I'll be fine
Summary: While training for a run, Sam's pulled his muscle. He's taking part in a run because he lost a bet.
Dialogue: Kate: painted the livingroom wall!
Andy: wow, gratz! Alone or hired someone?
Kate: totally on my own. used masking tape and roller and this bucket with a crate!
Andy: I'm impressed. what color?
Kate: Dove grey. fits well with the new couch.
Andy: pics or didn't happen!
Kate: wait...
Kate: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Andy: looks good. full pro
Kate: yeah, fell off the ladder only once...
Andy: sacrifices, sacrifices...
Summary: Kate painted the living room wall on her own. She painted it dove grey.
Dialogue: Hilton: Have you heard what happened?
Kyle: What?
Hilton: Someone killed the mayor, with a gun
Kyle: Whaaaaat how is it possible
Hilton: Idk he on the stage, some city celebration and the guy just shot him from the crowd
Kyle: Lool did they catch him
Hilton: Yes people reacted immediately, took the gun from him and put him down.
Kyle: And I thought our city is safe
Hilton: Not anymore apparently
Summary: The mayor was fatally shot on stage during city celebrations. The perpetrator was caught promptly.
Dialogue: Jen: Are you coming back tomorrow?
Ian: no, on Saturday
John: or Sunday, there is no sense to come back on Sat
Ian: we will see
Summary: Ian is coming back on Saturday or on Sunday upon John's comment that there's no sense to come back on Saturday.
Dialogue: Sal: Could you try to reset the router? Wifi CR isnt working. The fewer who use The Beach the better it is for me I have experienced.
Ben: on it
Sal: Thanks!
Ben: sure!
Sal: Well that didnt help :/
Ben: sorry man, but Im on the CR and nobody else is here, for real
Sal: Damn, it's just luggish all day!
Summary: Ben tried but couldn't help Ben with resetting the router.
Dialogue: Valentine: Hi Carlotta, Victoria  wants to invite Sophie for a sleep over, are you ok?
Carlotta: no problem. She must be back home tomorrow at 10am
Valentine: sure, we're leaving  at 9
Carlotta: thanks for Sophie, she  had a very good time
Valentine: They could do it again anytime. By the  way, i need your help with Victoria.
Carlotta: sure, tell me
Valentine: could you be her host  family for all the time her parents abandoned her.  I'll be very often out of Warsaw and Tom as well, i'll feel better to know she's in a nice family, i can rely on.
Carlotta: The situation with Sophie is quite hard as well, so i understand very well. We'll be pleased  to keep  her with us. Don't worry, and Sophie will be happy to have her home. It will help her as well.
Valentine: Thank you so much. Victoria will be glad.
Carlotta: during the first week of holidays i'm going to Paris, do  you want me to take her with me?
Valentine: you're too kind. But we'll be away at this time. However i can take Sophie home the second week.
Carlotta: we'll have friends of her age but  don't hesitate to send us  Victoria.
Valentine: thanks so much
Carlotta: we have time. But you may rely on us anytime. I know how it is.
Valentine: thanks so nice to know you're here for her. 
Carlotta: could you send me Victoria's mobile?
Valentine: <file_other>
Valentine: <file_photo>
Carlotta: oh thanks, that good  idea. i'll know exactly where she is and what she does.
Valentine: next time she 'll come to you dont 'hesitate to treat her as your own daughter
Carlotta: I will, but she's very nice.
Valentine: See you next week. Take care of you
Summary: Sophie slept over at Victoria's and they had a good time. Carlotta will take care of Victoria the second week of holidays. 
Dialogue: John: do you want to grab pizza for lunch? :D
Kate: when do you want to go? 1 PM?
John: up to you
Kate: i will come by your desk at 1 :)
Summary: John and Kate will eat pizza for lunch at 1pm.
Dialogue: Mike: Let's go for a bike ride
Brenda: Let's! The weather is great!
Fred: 👍
Fred: Maybe we can go to Grantchester?
Brenda: Great idea!!
Mike: When are guys ready?
Brenda: I'm ready!
Fred: Me too
Mike: Ok. let's meet at the PL in 10 minutes.
Summary: Brenda, Fred and Mike will go on a bike ride to Grantchester. They will meet at the PL in 10 minutes. 
Dialogue: Victor: Have you managed to buy all Christmas gifts?
Jay: No.
Jay: I still don't know what to buy for my parents.
Jay: They are the most demanding category of people you want to buy something :)
Victor: Same with mine folks.
Victor: It's been hard since the very moment I started to buy gifts for anyone.
Victor: I will have to go to shopping mall. But it's so crowded now....
Jay: Order something online for them. No need to torture yourself in crowded mall :D
Victor: Good Idea. Thanks.
Jay: Always at your service :D
Summary: Victor did not buy Christmas gifts for his parents yet because he does not know what to get them. Jay advised him to order something online. 
Dialogue: Kristen: i guess you proved us all wrong... lol
Clark: how?
Kristen: we never thought you'd graduate!!
Clark: HAHAHAH that's rude!!!
Clark: i'm not dumb or anything
Clark: i've always pretty good grades actually
Kristen: i know, but you've also been kind of a goof
Kristen: anyway, congratulations!!!
Kristen: not only have you graduated, but you've graduated...
Kristen: FROM MEDICAL SCHOOL!!! hahahaha
Clark: that's right!
Clark: i'm dr clark now, you have to treat me with respect
Kristen: to me you'll always be that goof who missed his first day at school coz he overslept
Clark: lol, not everyone knows that story, so let's keep it between us, lol
Kristen: all kidding aside, how are you feeling?
Clark: i'm really happy!!!
Clark: i've been dreaming about this day for A LOOOOOOOONG time!!
Clark: and i can't believe it's finally here
Clark: i'm finally a doctor
Kristen: congratulations!! i wish you all the best!! xoxo <3
Summary: Clark graduated from medical school. Kristen's making fun of him.
Dialogue: Olivia: What do you think about this new girl that works in the club?
Patty: What's her name?
Patty: Jessica? Jennifer?
Pauline: It's Jennifer. I think she's nice.
Olivia: Do you think her boobs are real?
Patty: No way!!
Patty: I saw her dancing today 
Patty: She's all fake to me.
Patty: Fake boobs, fake lashes, fake hair
Pauline: Like you never used extensions
Pauline: And fake lashes are standard in our profession 
Pauline: The boobs thought look fake to me 
Patty: I'm sure they are
Summary: There is a new girl working in the club. Her name is Jennifer. Olivia, Patty and Pauline think she has breast implants.
Dialogue: Bernie: Hey, have we agreed on the place yet? And who brings what?
Claudia: Good question ;) I'm gonna buy everything when I'm in Warsaw
Bernie: Sure, don't carry too much
Agnes: Place - my appartment, 6 pm
Agnes: Claudia, I'm cooking so no need to buy anything! Just show up! :)
Maya: I'm gonna get some wine ;)
Alice: I'm getting some red wine too!
Maya: <file_gif>
Bernie: Should I get some dessert then?
Kenny: I'm helping to cook #powercouple
Agnes: <3
Anna: Me and hubby are getting some wine then
Agnes: Thanks!
Summary: Bernie, Claudia, Maya, Alice and Anna are meeting at Kenny's and Agnes place for a dinner at 6 pm. Agnes is cooking. Maya, Alice and Anna will get some wine.
Dialogue: Ann: Sean, are you free now?
Sean: yes mom
Ann: we have a problem here
Sean: with the new laptop?
Andrew: yes, I cannot connect to the internet
Sean: why? should be automatic
Andrew: no, it demands a wpa2 from me
Andrew: what is it?
Sean: I don't know
Sean: try the password that is written on the router
Andrew: I tried, doesn't work
Sean: so reset both: the laptop and the router and then press this button:
Sean: <file_photo> and take a picture what's there
Andrew: I don't want to do it anymore, stupid technology
Ann: Give us the password
Sean: mom, dad, I don't have any password, it should be on the router
Sean: take a picture of the router please
Sean: and?
Andrew: ok, it works now
Sean: how?
Andrew: there was another, long password on the router
Sean: ok, good
Summary: Ann and Andrew can't connect the new lapton to the Internet. It requests a wpa2. Sean helps them and sends a photo. Ann and Andrew reset the router and the laptop, they type the second password and it works.
Dialogue: Devin: have you been watching that crime show i recommended?
Johnny: i have and i'm obsessed with it \ (•◡•) /
Johnny: it's sooooo good, so well done
Devin: how many episodes are you in?
Johnny: i'm on episode 3 where marco finds out the murder weapon
Johnny: i could not believe the twist!!!
Devin: wait til you get to episodoe 9
Devin: your head will explode! lol
Summary: Johnny's on the third episode of the crime show Devin's recommended to him. Johnny's astonished by the action twist but Devin assures that the episode 9 will be a shocker for him.
Dialogue: Ian: U on campus? Lunch at AW?
Viola: Yes, possible, at bookstore rn xd 
Ian: I am on ground fl library 
Viola: Ok just wait. 
Viola: I am at the pharmacy 
Ian: Did you go to class this morning? 
Viola: Yea and I had to talk to the prof. It took a while 
Ian: Ok I am heading there rn 
Viola: Or you want to go for lunch with me and my parents? they're in town and they want to see you 
Ian: Hmm sure, I am done for the day 
Viola: Wanna meet in Lower place at 2:45?
Ian: K I will be by the front desk 
Viola: kk
Summary: Ian will go for lunch with Viola and her parents, they'll meet at Lower place at 2.45. Ian'll be waiting by the front desk.
Dialogue: Samantha: How was yesterday?
Samantha: will you be celebrating with a dinner too?
Maya: hey hey
Maya: it was fun
Maya: my mum cooked me a nice dinner haha
Maya: my cousin and my aunt came
Maya: my bro and his gf also
Maya: I made a ridiculously huge cake
Maya: 😂😂
Maya: yeah, I'm planning to go for dinner with a few of my friends during the weekend!
Maya: nothing fancy though
Samantha: sounds fab!!!
Samantha: super duper babe!!
Samantha: <file_gif>
Summary: Maya had a great evening with her family yesterday. At the weekend she will also be celebrating with her friends. 
Dialogue: Tommy: are you watching the game?
Charles: obviously
Tommy: what is the score?
Charles: 2-0 for Portugal
Tommy: oh so we are losing again... great
Summary: Charles is watching the game and it's 2-0 for Portugal.
Dialogue: Martha: A: Sweetie we need a new mattress.
Irwin: What's the matter with this one?
Martha: It's getting old and my back is starting to hurt.
Irwin: Hmm it seems fine to me.
Martha: I toss and turn all night...
Irwin: You should stop drinking coffee then.
Martha: Ah Ah very funny -.- 
Irwin: Just kidding :p Want to go see some at the shop?
Martha: Yeeeeees please :)
Irwin: But only tomorrow, don't have time today.. Busy with work.
Martha: Ok no problem. What time you're finished today?
Irwin: I will only be home round 20:00 today..
Martha: That's really late.. Don't work to much, I'll have dinner ready :)
Irwin: You are the best, big kiss*
Summary: Martha suggests Irwin that they need to buy a new mattress. Irwin can't go with Martha to the shop today as he has to work until 8 pm but decides to take her there tomorrow.
Dialogue: Dan: It's my bday on Friday!
Sam: Oh cool any plans?
Dan: actually Im writing to invite you to a party
Sam: yay, im free iguess
Dan: super. not a big one just a couple of mates
Dan: anybody i know?
Sam: nobody you don't know
Sam: count me in. what time & where?
Dan: 8 i guess all are free by then
Sam: sure thing. suits me fine
Dan: and I guess we'll meet @ Murphys and then see what next
Sam: could be busy there on Fri nite
Dan: book a table then?
Sam: i reckon
Dan: ok ill do it then and let you know
Sam: super. talk to you l8r
Summary: Sam will come to Dan's birthday party. Dan plans to have it at Muprhys at 8, but he has to book a table.
Dialogue: Mark: Hej, I won't make it today
Mark: Are you going?
Tim: we won't make it either
Josh: ok, so I'm not going if you're not
Mark: sorry
Mark: That's okay
Tim: don't worry
Tim: we're at home with the flu anyway...
Tim: so I am not going to invite you ;)
Josh: but we're going next week
Mark: I am planning to
Josh: me too
Mark: Is Martha alright?
Tim: Yes, but I have never been to church so much
Josh: LOL
Mark: You'll be converted to a proper Catholic
Tim: Might be
Mark: alright guys
Mark: I will see you next week then
Josh: That's right
Mark: Take care, Tim
Summary: Mark and Tim won't make it today. Josh won't be going without them. They will go next week. 
Dialogue: Max: driving home 2nite?
Robin: not me. staying for the weekend
Brewster: me neither, ask Stan
Max: can't get hold of him all day
Summary: Robin and Brewster are staying for the weekend.
Dialogue: Mark: New song from David Guetta!
Justin: I know, I've been listening to it the whole morning!
Mark: I gotta be honest with you, I still prefer his old stuff
Justin: No shame dude
Mark: Maybe I'm getting old
Mark: Also I'm diggin the 90's songs recently.
Justin: Pop or rock?
Mark: Both, and disco.
Justin: Send me something
Mark: <file_other>
Justin: Nice. My dad used to play in a rock band.
Mark: Cool!
Justin: He met my mom at one of their gigs.
Mark: What a story to tell grandkids!
Justin: Indeed!
Summary: Mark prefers old songs of David Guetta. Recently, he has rediscovered the 90s music. Justin's father played in a rock band, and at one of their concerts, he met Justin's mother. 
Dialogue: Pete: How is the plan for today?
Patty: We're going to the spectacular beach on the Western coast
Josh: yes, on the leeward coast
Pete: why there?
Kim: there is more sun in the morning
Patty: in the afternoon we will go on the windward coast
Patty: the light is beautiful on the other side of the island in the afternoon
Pete: sounds good
Pete: Cofete?
Patty: Yes
Pete: good choice, I think I'll be there as well
Josh: so we will meet there!
Patty: but we won't arrive before 14
Pete: just let me know when you're there
Patty: ok
Summary: Pete, Patty, Kim and Josh will go to the beach on the leeward coast in the morning. They will go to windward coast beach in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Maria: Hi guys
Eduardo: Hey, what's up?
James: 👋 
Maria: I'm going to be like 15 minutes late so perhaps you could take a sit and order? I wouldn't like to keep you waiting
James: That's fine by me
Eduardo: No problem! See you there!
Summary: Maria will be about 15 minutes late to a meeting with James and Eduardo. She wouldn't like to keep them waiting, so she asks them to take a sit and order. 
Dialogue: Jay: Where are you guys staying?
Martha: Radisson, you?
Peter: Hilton
Peter: Should we meet in the lobby? 8.30?
Martha: Sure
Jay: We're staying at Radisson as well, meet you there
Summary: Jay and Martha are staying at Radisson, Peter's at Hilton. They'll meet in the lobby at 8:30.
Dialogue: Cindy: You awake?
Victor: Yep. Drining 2nd coffee already.
Cindy: Pls remember to get my parcel from the post office :D
Victor: Sure thing. Finishing my coffee and I'm gonna get going.
Cindy: Luv U :*
Summary: Victor will get the parcel from the post office on Cindy's request.
Dialogue: Kim: Knock knock!
Frank: Hello :)
Kim: Don't forget about Black Friday!
Frank: wow, thanks!
Kim: I figured that you may forget.
Frank: Hahaha, true, thank you!
Kim: No worries, I wanted to spare myself the week long whining on "how could I forget about Black Friday".
Frank: Still not funny Kim :P
Kim: This year set up a reminder or three ;)
Frank: Is there anything in particular you're counting on?
Kim: I'm actually more excited about the Cyber Monday, many studios already announced they will be releasing some bundles.
Frank: Oh, which ones?
Kim: BioWare and some less known indie producers.
Frank: Cool! Are you on Steam?
Kim: Yeah, but I'm not using it much any more since I've switched to PS.
Frank: Yes! I've been wanting to ask you! How is it? In comparison with PC?
Kim: Honestly? I love it.
Kim: I know that many would like to stone me for saying that, but I don't see that much difference with PC and it's faaaar more comfortable.
Frank: Even the graphics? I've heard you will never have the same effect on PS as on PC.
Kim: Well, it's true, but I mostly enjoy the plot, the mechanics etc, so I don't feel like I'm missing out on something.
Frank: Hm... interesting.
Kim: If you're more into graphics than you can always watch some videos on YouTube where people compare PC and PS, but, to my mind, the differences are minimal.
Kim: Also, if you really want to have amazing graphics you need quite a powerful PC, PS is more affordable.
Frank: yeah, but games are more expensive.
Kim: Not on Cyber Monday :D depends how much you play, it usually takes me quite a while to finish one.
Frank: I'm more an occasional player, so I don't if there's any point.
Kim: It is if you watch Netflix and don't have smart tv and I know you don't have it ;)
Summary: Kim has reminded Frank about Black Friday. She has switched to using PlayStation.
Dialogue: Erin: hi 
Peter: hi wats up
Erin: nothing u?
Peter: just watching tv
Erin: I wanna ask u something 
Peter: yeah?
Erin: r u free tm?
Peter: ah I have to work a little but not all day 
Erin: I wanted to see if u would like to have dinner
Peter: yeah that be great what were u thinking?
Erin: maybe Mexican?
Peter: ah yes I love this idea lol
Erin: what time would work for u?
Peter: like 7?
Erin: yeah perfect!
Peter: ok great I will see you then :)
Erin: ok see you then :)
Peter: bye :D
Erin: byeee :D
Peter: <3 
Summary: Erin asks Peter out for a dinner, they're going for Mexican food at 7.
Dialogue: Casper: Hi mate.
Casper: I just want to let u know that I'm postponing the party
Casper: I want to throw it around 15 January
Stanley: kk
Casper: There is also a chance that me and my brother will go for a trip
Casper: Skiing, drinking etc.
Casper: Let me know if you would like to come along
Stanley: Unfortunately I have some expenses right now :(
Stanley: So I can say upfront that I can't afford going anywhere :(
Casper: What happened mate?
Stanley: <file_photo>
Stanley: Car acciddent. Have to repair it with my money :/
Casper: Condolences man. 
Stanley: Thanks. Shit happens.
Casper: Everybody's ok?
Stanley: Luckily nobody got hurt.
Stanley: Except my car 
Casper: Sorry man. Anyway if you change your mind regarding the trip, let me know.
Summary: Casper is postponing the party to January 15th. He also plans go skiing a drinking with his brother. Stanley can't come because he is broke. He had a car accident and needs to repair the car with his own money.
Dialogue: Julie: Did they ring you?
Karen: No, what about? 
Julie: Someone rang in sick again .....can you work?
Karen: No I haven't got childcare....
Julie: That's a shame
Karen: I know...who are you going to work with then? 
Julie: No idea.  I expecti it will be someone who hasn't been here before
Karen: Who rang in sick? 
Julie: Maureen
Karen: No idea why she even works there. She's always off sick. Good luck
Julie: Thanks. I'll need it!!!
Summary: Karen can't work because she hasn't got childcare. Julie expects she will work with someone new. Maureen rang in sick again.
Dialogue: Sam: Hey, guys! Read this: <file_other>
Lonnie: What's this?
Randy: I've read it yesterday! That's so great!
Sam: Turns out Superheroes aren't that dumb after all!
Lonnie: Duh! U don't have to tell me this!
Randy: No, but now we have proof!
Lonnie: What proof?
Sam: Well, according to the article if u read comic books, graphic novels or watch films about superheroes, u become a better person!
Lonnie: I must be a saint then!
Randy: Lol. Me too!
Lonnie: So how did they come up with this?
Sam: It says here that superheroes reflect our best qualities: goodness, kindheartedness and so on.
Randy: Duh. Never thought of that. Lol.
Lonnie: And what has this to do with anything?
Sam: Apparently, the more u identify yourself with the character, the more u want to be like them. 
Lonnie: Makes sense.
Randy: Sure it does!
Summary: If one reads comic books, graphic novels or watches films about superheroes, he/she becomes a better person. According to the article, superheroes reflect people's best qualities.
Dialogue: Katherine: 3pm at my place
Anne: I'm on the way already
Philip: Me and Joan as well
Katherine: 👍 just perfect
Summary: Katherine, Anne, Philip and Joan are going to meet at 3 pm at Katherine's place.
Dialogue: Ingrid: <file_photo>
Ingrid: I'm mum of twins whats your superpower?
Mira: <file_gif>
Mira: hahahaha cant stop laughing!
Mira: what a mess!!!
Ingrid: yeah... really funny hooray...
Ingrid: my mother is coming in one hour
Mira: let her help you with this
Ingrid: thats exactly what I'm going to do
Mira: is this removable?
Ingrid: well I really hope it is
Summary: Ingrid's twins made some mess at home. Ingrid's mother is coming in one hour. 
Dialogue: Tim: Guys, have you ever had problems with wisdom teeth?
George: No, not really, but I heard they can be horrible
Tim: I'm having strange pains now
Gloria: where?
Tim: the lower jaw, also the left ear
Damian: can be the tooth I'm afraid
Tim: so what's now?
Damian: you should see a dentist of course
Tim: but it's Saturday
Damian: so wait till Monday
Damian: if the pain gets worse, go to emergency
Tim: I hate it
Gloria: it happens
Summary: Tim's having trouble with his lower jaw and left ear. It's probably the wisdom tooth. He will wait for the appointment till Monday or go to the emergency if it gets worse. 
Dialogue: Andrew: heeeey
Andrew: isn't that Maddie's dad? <file_photo>
Andrew: nvmd, I know he is haha
Hannah: yes!
Andrew: im holding like 50 documents with his name
Hannah: big guy!
Andrew: also, check out this dog! we went to Peter's last night
Andrew: <file_photo> this is peanutbutter
Hannah: HAHA seriously?
Andrew: Yeah he has a dog now
Hannah: No, I mean the name
Hannah: Like Mr. Peanutbutter :D
Andrew: Yeah, he loves Bojack ;)
Summary: Andrew is holding around 50 documents with the name of Maddie's dad on them. Peter's dog is called Peanutbutter.
Dialogue: Greg: seen this? <file_video>
Flora: oh, wow, where's that?
Greg: traffic in France 2day
Flora: shite, lucky we're not there today
Summary: There is a big traffic in France today.
Dialogue: Ann Marie: Hi Maria, I can't find the receipt for our airbnb in Boston, do you have them in your email box?
Maria: Wait, I have to check, it was so long ago.
Ann Marie: I know, sorry.
Maria: What do you need them for?
Ann Marie: It turned out that I am eligible for a reimbursement of the travel costs
Maria: From whom?
Ann Marie: My university
Maria: That's great. I'll find the receipt and forward it to you.
Ann Marie: Thanks a lot!
Summary: Maria will send Ann Marie the receipt for the airbnb in Boston, because Ann Marie wants the university to reimburse her travel costs.
Dialogue: James: Just got to Jesus bar if anyone is around and fancies a drink!
Peadar: Nice, we're wrapping up here at the panto! I'll text when we're done to see where ye are
Anette: Guys I totally forgot my old flatmate got us tickets to that jaZ thing at the zoology museum!
Anette: So I won’t make it
Anette: Soz my guys
Anette: <file_photo>
Helen: Have an amazing time!
Peadar: Footlights panto just finished, really recommend!! 3 hours long though... Are ppl still out?
Peadar: Haha I'm guessing not??! And ADC is right beside Jesus
James: Sorry Paedar - the bar closed so we headed off
James: We do need to do drinks or something soon though
Peadar: no worries 
Peadar: didn't expect panto to go on so long, great value for money😀
Summary: James is in Jesus bar and invites others for a drink. Peadar will be there soon. Anette is busy. Helen wishes her good time. Peadar didn't get to the bar on time, because the bar had closed and James had left.
Dialogue:  Susan: Hi girlfriend,
Jacky: Hi,
Susan: have you seen Mike lately?
Jacky: No.
Susan: maybe you should, what happened to all the romance you had?
Jacky: Romance, Yeah you can say it was something like that, but it’s like we just went silent on each other.
Susan:  Mike! went silent on you or you did?,.
Jacky:  we  went out for a short while and then it just stopped.
Susan: Do you still like him?
Jacky: I am not sure, Why?
Susan: because  I thought you guys were very much in love with each other
Jacky: thought so too.
Susan: cmon , how about I arrange a blind date?
Jacky: I dont know i dont want to sound too needy.
Susan: Don't be a nerd, give it ago
Jacky: ok, thanks will see...
Summary: Jacky went out with Mike for a short while and then they stopped. Susan thought Jacky and Mike were in love. Susan wants to arrange a blind date for Jacky. Jacky will see whether to give it a go or not.  
Dialogue: Laura: They are letting us go at 2!!!
Kate: greatttttt
Laura: wanna do e pre-xmas-eve drinks?
Kate: always
Kate: meet you downstairs in 5?
Laura: make it 10, I need to write one more e-mail
Kate: ok see you
Laura: see you!!
Summary: Laura can leave at 2. She will meet Kate downstairs in 10 minutes. They will go for drinks. 
Dialogue: Christopher: Good evening
Amanda: Good evening
Christopher: On behalf of our Committee, I would like to invite you to participate in the 14th Congress of Internal Medicine, which will be held at Barkley Street on 14th of December 2018
Amanda: Thank you very much for the invitation, but, unfortunately, I will be unavailable at that time.
Christopher: Thank you for a quick response. I would be much obliged if you could tell your husband about the Congress. I believe that it could be in the area of his interests.
Summary: On behalf of the Committee, Christopher invites Amanda to the 14th Congress of Internal Medicine, to be held Barkley Street on 14th of December 2018. Amanda will be unavailable then. Christopher wants Amanda to tell her husband about the Congress, it could be interesting for him.
