Dialogue: Darcy: It's an e-mail service provider created at CERN.
Benny: Where?
Cory: You know the great particle collider in Switzerland?
Benny: Sure.
Darcy: Well, their scientists came together and created an e-mail service which is truly private.
Cory: That's so cool.
Summary: Scientists from CERN in Switzerland created a truly private e-mail service. 
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: Look, I went shopping! :D
Christian: what? Again?
Christian: you're an addict, this is sick
Jackie: but this table was so beautiful!
Jackie: it wasn't that expensive
Christian: you spend to much money, it's not normal
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: last month you bought this ridiculous armchair
Jackie: you just don't know what is good
Jackie: it's famous Danish design!
Christian: I don't care if it's Danish or Chinese
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: we're gonna talk about it when I get back home
Summary: Jackie bought a table and last month an armchair. Jackie and Christian will have a talk when he gets back home. 
Dialogue: Clair: Morning! How are the kids? Any better?
Natasha: Morning! No, not really. I think Charlotte caught another cough 😢
Clair: Oh poor baby, hope she feels better asap!
Clair: Did you have a safe trip?
Natasha: Yes thanks. Here safe and sound!
Summary: Charlotte has a cough. Natasha had a safe trip.
Dialogue: Mark: Hey bro!
Mark: Send me the address of the hotel you visited last summer.
Adam: Here u are
Adam: <file_photo>
Summary: Mark asked Adam to give him the address of the hotel he stayed at last summer.
Dialogue: Winston: Hey, so do you know when you should be here?
Jess: Hey hey, not yet, still in NY
Winston: Nick waiting for you? :)
Jess: He will be here around 9, I'm still at the airport
Winston: Awesome, you two have fun!
Jess: Will do! :)
Winston: So you'll still be coming back to San Fran?
Jess: Yes. And then I'll decide when I'm coming over to see you
Winston: Great, just keep us posted
Jess: Should know tomorrow. Why, you have any plans?
Winston: No rush, it's only monday today.
Jess: I'll try to get myself sorted :)
Winston: It's been extra warm here, shorts and tshirt kind of weather
Jess: That's awesome! 
Winston: Just a heads up, we might need to go and check out a car on Wed
Jess: Ohhh you're getting a car??? YAY :D
Winston: Yeah, we need another car and I found a good deal on craigslist, just need to see in person though
Jess: Sure sure
Winston: Do you know how to ski?
Jess: ohhh I haven't in years! I could give it a try though. Should I bring my ski gear?
Winston: No need, my sister has plenty so don't worry
Jess: I know how to skate!!
Winston: Great! We can do that too. So just let me know once you figure everything out
Jess: Yay! can't wait to see you guys :)
Summary: Jess is in NY. She'll be coming to San Francisco and she will see Winston. They might go skiing or skating together. On Wednesday Winston will see a car. 
Dialogue: Greg: How r u beauty? :)
Martha: and you are?...
Greg: Have some mutual friends, thought we could chat, love your pictures.
Martha: Thanks, but, just fyi, I have a boyfriend so
Greg: You can always have a new one ;)
Martha: Hahaha, no
Greg: Dont be like that, you dont even know me.
Martha: yeah, maybe let's keep it that way?
Greg: bitch much ;/
Martha: bye bye go away much?
Summary: Greg and Martha have mutual friends and Greg wants to get to know Martha. Martha does not want it, because she has a boyfriend.
Dialogue: Kyle: ok Ive had it
Stan: what? what did i do
Kyle: not you I just have to change jobs
Stan: ok... 
Stan: sooo what happened
Kyle: doesn't matter I'm changing jobs asap
Stan: ok I'll let you know if we're looking for anyone
Kyle: ok thanks
Summary: Kyle needs to change the job immediately. Stan will let him know if they have vacant positions.
Dialogue: Doris: <file_other>
Doris: have you seen this?
Austin: yeah, it's so funny!
Austin: <file_gif>
Summary: Austin has seen it and considers it funny.
Dialogue: Edward: I'm upset with my mom.
Sabrina: Why is that?
Edward: I warned her about her new boyfriend. She didn't listen to me.
Sabrina: What happened?
Edward: I gave her $1,000 for her birthday. I told her to spend it on herself.
Sabrina: Oh that was very nice of you!
Edward: I found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.
Sabrina: Why did she do that?
Edward: He said he would buy her a nice ring.
Sabrina: And did he?
Edward: Of course not... he went to Las Vegas and lost it all gambling.
Sabrina: Omg that's awful, I hope your mom ends up with him.
Summary: Edward is upset with his mom. He gave her $1,000 for her birthday. Mom gave the money to her boyfriend, who promised to buy her a ring. He didn't, he went to Las Vegas and lost the money gambling.
Dialogue: Abigail: do you like cucumber?
Charlotte: not really why?
Abigail: I went to the shop and got like 20 extra ones
Abigail: i thought about making HUGE HUMONGOUS SALAD
Abigail: but now i don't feeli like it
Abigail: and don't know what to do with them
Charlotte: isn't there a food bank near where you live?
Abigail: that's right!!! totally forgot
Charlotte: the homeless will appreciate it
Charlotte: and will be your good deed for the day
Summary: Abigail bought 20 cucumbers for a salad but she doesn't want to make it anymore. Charlotte doesn't like cucumbers. She suggests donating cucumbers to a food bank.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Lisa! Have you bought a Christmas gift for Mum yet?
Lisa: I haven't... I'm still thinking about it. I always have a problem choosing something for her.
Jonathan: So do I! She's a tough one, isn't she.
Lisa: Well, it's just that she always says she doesn't need anything and she's only interested in gardening...
Jonathan: Right, and I think she's got all the tools already, so buying something like that is out of question.
Lisa: Yeah, and we don't even really know what's good anyway. I don't know these gardening brands, to be honest.
Jonathan: Me neither. Hmm. I've been thinking that maybe I should buy her a book.
Lisa: Sounds like a good idea, but have you got anything specific in mind?
Jonathan: Not really, but I think I've heard about some new book by this famous gardener. What's his name...
Lisa: Don't ask me! I wouldn't know, haha...
Jonathan: I think I could ask a coworker. She's told me she likes gardening, so she might know something?
Lisa: I guess so! Eh, I still have no idea, though. If I get her a book too, that might be a bit much.
Jonathan: Hmm, I googled it and most ideas are tools... But what about a pot?
Lisa: A pot?
Jonathan: Yeah, like this one! <file_photo>
Lisa: Oh! I think she might like it! I'll order it before I forget, thank you!
Summary: Jonathan and Lisa are going to buy Mum a pot for Christmas. Lisa is going to order it. Lisa and John know nothing about gardening, which is Mum's only interest.
Dialogue: Paul: you there ?
Tony: yup !!
Paul: can you send me your assignment ? I just want to see it to get an idea
Tony: what assignment ?
Paul: DUDE !!!
Paul: if you don't want to give it to me then okay......but don't lie atleast
Tony: why would i lie to you ? I really haven't even started it yet
Paul: okay forget it
Summary: Paul wants to see Tony's assignment, but he hasn't even started it yet. 
Dialogue: Ruth: hey, are we going to buy anything for Dev?
Mira: Hi 
Mira: Good idea
Ruth: no ideas yet :) just asking who's in
Mira: Me and Chris for sure
Martin: I've already bought him something but I can join you anyway
Ruth: what did you buy?
Martin: nothing special, just a book 
Ruth: okay. let's see who's in first 
Tamara: I want to participate too!
Tamara: but I dont know him so well, cant think of any ideas...
Mira: Dev loves hiking
Martin: how about some equipment?
Chris: hi guys, great idea! let's get him something big :)
Ruth: so who's going shopping? :)
Martin: you Ruth? :)
Ruth: ok but I'm not going alone!
Martin: I'm out of town till Friday night :(
Chris: l can go with you Ruth
Chris: Wednesday afternoon?
Ruth: that's perfect, thanks
Ella: hi all! Ruth I can't go with you on Wednesday but I have an idea. Dev needs a new backpack!
Ruth: thanks Ella! ok... Chris I'll definitely need your help with this :)
Ella: I would suggest a Deuter, at least. or something better
Chris: ok! :)
Martin: totally right ella I saw his old backpack lol
Ella: I know right? :)
Ruth: oh you mean the red one?!
Ella: the red and stinky one ;)
Summary: Martin has already bought a book for Dev. Martin is out off town till Friday. Chris, Ruth and Ella want to buy a new backpack on Wednesday afternoon.
Dialogue: Breanna: Guys, let's plan our amazing winter vacation
Charles: yes!
Breanna: so first, where should we go?
Jade: 1. sun 2. sea
Charles: 3. something exotic
Breanna: 4. something safe (no Dominican Rep, Haiti, Morocco etc)
Breanna: so what could it be?
Jade: Madagascar would be amazing, but not so safe
Breanna: exactly, other options?
Charles: Bali? or too banal
Breanna: 🤮 banal as fuck!
Charles: but everything "warm and safe with water" is banal!
Breanna: but Bali is the archetype of summer banality 
Jade: what about the Maldives? 
Charles: no, too expensive
Jade: Mauritius?
Charles: that sounds good!
Jade: so let's do it
Breanna: ok, let's research on Mauritius and talk tomorrow if it's a place for us
Breanna: but it seems it is!
Summary: Breanna, Charles and Jade plan to go to Mauritius.
Dialogue: Zoe: Jame, could you take the laundry out of the washing maching?
Zoe: i've totally forgotten about it.
James: ok
James: babe, it stinks really bad
Zoe: shoot
Zoe: can you switch it on once again then?
Zoe: i'll be back in about 2 hours, so i'll empty it myself
James: all right
Summary: Zoe forgot to take the laundry out of the washing machine. James switched the washing machine on again, because the laundry stunk. Zoe will be back in about 2 hours and she will empty the washing machine herself. 
Dialogue: Rodney: Read any good books lately?
Walt: No, not really. Oh wait, yeah. A really good one is Conqueror by Conn Iggulden. I highly recommend it!
Rodney: What genre is it?
Walt: Well, it's kind of like fantasy, set in the times of Ghengis Khan.
Rodney: Anything else? You know I really like biographies.
Walt: Well, the last biography I read was about R.A. Dickey. You know that knuckleball pitcher?
Rodney: I didn't know he wrote a book.
Walt: Yeah, it's really good, and it's really personal. It deals with the sexual abuse he suffered as a kid. It's a really good read!
Rodney: Do you have those books at home?
Walt: I have Conqueror, but the R.A. is on my kindle.
Rodney: Ok, can you bring it to work tomorrow?
Walt: Sure. You know that there's a little library at work, right?
Rodney: Yeah, but it's all crap. I've checked the books there.
Walt: Ok, see you tomorrow.
Rodney: Bye
Summary: Rodney asks Walt to recommend some good books. Walt has recently read Conqueror by Conn Iggulden and he can recommend it to Rodney. Apart from that, he's read a biography about R.A. Dickey. Walt has Conqueror and R.A. on his kindle. He will bring it to work tomorrow.
Dialogue: Veronica: Have you seen the new iPhone?
Taylor: Yeah! It's gorgeous!
Veronica: I know! I need it badly!
Taylor: But you bought a new one last year.
Veronica: So?
Taylor: Do you really need it?
Veronica: Oh, ok, I want it so much!
Taylor: Have you been to the iStore yet?
Veronica: No. Will look at it on the website first.
Taylor: I just opened apple.com
Veronica: Look at those colours! I'm getting the rose gold one! It's really glaaam!
Taylor: Yeah, it's gorgeous! Which size?
Veronica: The smaller one. I don't like big phones.
Taylor: I meant which storage capacity.
Veronica: Depends on the price :P
Taylor: Well, you're in for a surprise ;)
Veronica: Y?
Taylor: Look at the prices.
Veronica: This has to be a mistake.
Taylor: Yeah, I know. The basic model costs like two my phones...
Veronica: Last year's model didn't cost that much... But still, I want it!
Taylor: And how are you going to get the money? You don't earn that much...
Veronica: I'll sell my liver.
Taylor: Lol. But srsly?
Veronica: Probably will borrow money from family or take a loan. 
Taylor: Really? Borrow money for a phone?
Veronica: And what is there to do? 
Taylor: Not buy it?
Veronica: But I REALLY want it!
Taylor: You're just hopeless...
Summary: Veronica bought a new phone last year, but wants to buy the new iPhone. She prefers the smaller model in a rose gold casing. The new iPhone is very expensive. Veronica will probably borrow money or take a loan to buy the phone. 
Dialogue: Maureen: Hey, do you want to meet up for that Thanksgiving dinner we were talking about?
Austen: Sure, but we have to decide on a date that would work for everyone.
Maureen: How about the first week of Dec? Next week it's my bday and then we have guests coming for the weekend.
Austen: I think that would work.
Maureen: Do you think your car can make it to my place?
Austen: I don't think so. The shocks are shot and the wheel bearings need to be replaced. I'm afraid of getting stuck on that road :)
Maureen: Ok, we'll work something out. I can bring over the Honda and pick you guys up and then you can take the Honda back.
Austen: Cool, actually I was meaning to ask if we can borrow the Honda for a longer bit. 
Maureen: Sure, it's just sitting here. It'd be good for someone to use it.
Austen: I'll pay you something for it, of course.
Maureen: Don't worry about it, that's what friends are for, right?
Austen: :)
Maureen: Now, what about that dinner. What shall we have? :) I can take care of the turkey, you can bring salads and cake. What do you think?
Austen: Sounds good to me. Do you even have a big table we can all sit at?
Maureen: Ya, I have one that opens up and extends. It can fit 10 people.
Austen: Ok, cool. So Sat. Dec. 1st at what time?
Maureen: I can come and get you guys after 2 because James has his soccer training before then.
Austen: Ok, sounds good. Nathan should be back from his drum lessons at around 2:30.
Maureen: Ok, I'll call before we come.
Austen: Cool, see ya
Maureen: Bye
Summary: Austen and Maureen are going to have a Thanksgiving dinner together on the 1st of December. Maureen is going to pick Austen and her family up after 2 pm. Austen is going to borrow the Honda from Maureen for a time. Maureen will prepare the turkey and Austen will bring salads and cake.
Dialogue: Bill: man, youve been watching the news about those fires?
Sylvia: yeah, right now actually. it's brutal. i feel so bad for the people out there
Bill: there a lot of people working overtime to stop it.
Sylvia: it's really sad. so many people losing loved ones and their homes. Pets too
Bill: I donated some money the other day
Sylvia: thats a good idea. i bet they could use all the money they could get.
Bill: yeah. it seems as though theres no end in sight
Sylvia: didn't you have family in california
Bill: I did. my aunt and uncle. but they moved to Iowa several years ago. they go back every once in a while
Sylvia: oh, i see
Bill: I thought you had family out there too.
Sylvia: nearly. nevada. they go to california every year though for a visit.
Bill: where in nevada?
Sylvia: carson city. they really like it for some reason.
Bill: hmm... never been
Sylvia: i don't know what to make of it. i've only spent a few days there.
Bill: well, i think that would be enough
Sylvia: hey, I'm going to go back to watching.
Bill: ok, me too. ttyl
Summary: There are big fires going on. People are losing their homes and lives and others are working hard to stop it. Bill's aunt and uncle used to live in California, but moved to Iowa. Sylvia has family in Carson City, Nevada, where she has spent a few days.
Dialogue: Ann: I have got a plusnet mobile sim card that I pay 5.00  a month for it has 500 minutes, 100 more than the skype one, plus I have a decent phone that I can use with it, not my own
Rob: I think I should buy a number - such as 0333 and then redirect it to your mobile, which will redirect if no one answers (I think you can set that up on your mobile?)
Rob: We can then measure how many CS notepads call us and adjust the monthly package accordingly
Ann: Possibly as the main company number yes, but with my mobile number to call direct in office hours or text out of hours as they may not like calling a 03 number and getting replies from a strange mobile
Rob: possibility
Ann: Its worth just trying the mobile number at the moment maybe.  Does the 0333 number you have already belong to CS? Why can you not keep that number and just redirect calls from that?
Rob: 0333 numbers are mobile friendly, like 0800 numbers. I dont fancy adding a mobile on the site as it makes us look too small. I want people to think they are dealing with a larger business
Ann: Ahh Yes I didn’t think of that, it will be ok on my emails though? Rather than the skype one?  I do have a landline number that only gets used once in a blue moon, but that has a Gloucester code, I’m happy for you to use that  if that could be of use
Rob: Im setting up a new 0333 number - what is your mobile number?
Ann: That’s a very good question because until I get the phone unlocked I cant call to see what the number is and as I never used it myself
Ann: I ve been paying 5 a month for the last year but not used it.  So I will get it to you asap, I am going over to Tesco shortly and I can get it unlocked there hopefully tonight 
Rob: ok no rush
Ann: Did you sort out the Cawson invoice?
Rob: oh no good job you reminded me I will do it now
Ann: yes the files are on driver and I already have a template invoice set up for them, you just need to see haw many courses they took this month
Rob: I think they had quite a few this month, I need to get onto Chris Lamport and hurry up his reports as I cant send them an invoice if they dont have all the reports
Ann: Hes getting annoying being late with reports all the time
Rob: I'm thinking about cutting his jobs, hes getting a bit too comfortable
Ann: well that wont hurt for a while, he is taking more local tutors jobs really
Ann: I know its great that he is able to cover areas that we are short on but apart from that we should leave him to his own area
Rob: I think you are right good idea
Summary: Ann and Rob are discussing ideas related to redirecting phone calls to a company phone. Rob is setting a 0333 number to redirect calls to Ann's new sim card. Ann also reminds Rob about an invoice they have problems issuing as Chris is late with necessary reports for trainings.
Dialogue: Steph: oi!!!
Steph: why are you ignoring me?
Poppy: yes, they are fine - they wont have internet for the moment
Poppy: and no, she is not ignoring you
Steph: andrea?
Steph: the hacker - scoundrel!
Summary: Steph is trying to talk to Poppy but her account has been hacked by Scoundrel. 
Dialogue: Catherine: hey stef
Stefan: whats up Cate?
Catherine: im cool, what about you
Stefan: me too, whatsup, i know you?😜🤣
Catherine: haha, i need your help
Stefan: i knew it..what is it
Catherine: im bored, come get me
Stefan: haha, alright then
Summary: Catherine is bored and wants Stefan to come get her.
Dialogue: Jo: Hey, have you already made the order online?
Kate: you mean the clothes?
Jane: Yes, yesterday
Jo: What a shame! 
Jo: I wanted to buy that silky blouse...
Jane: Next time... 
Jo: I need something more official like that this weekend
Jo: for the function
Kate: Why don't you borrow sth from me or Jane?
Kate: I've got this grey suit
Jane: It'd look good on you
Jane: you should try it on
Jo: oh, thanks - that's awesome!
Jo: I will come by tomorrow, ok?
Kate: Sure :)
Summary: Jo needs new clothes for the function but Kate have already made the order online. Jo will come tomorrow to try on Kate's grey suit. 
Dialogue: Mike: Hey
Archie: Hey
Mike: Anthem's gonna be out tomorrow, right?
Archie: Yep
Mike: I hope it's good
Archie: Dunno, I don't trust those guys too much
Mike: Well, that's well deserved, I'd say XD
Archie: They've ruined too many games already
Mike: Oh well, let's hope it's good. It certainly looks good
Archie: Yeah, better than the faces on Mass Effect Andromeda XD
Mike: Yep XD
Archie: I've seen a few reviews on yt
Mike: Ok, I'll watch them, I don't have nothing better to do today
Archie: Ok
Summary: Mike and Archie are waiting for the release of Anthem which is due tomorrow. They are anxious though because the game development studio ruined their previous game Mass Effect Andromeda.
Dialogue: Ron: Which one is your favorite harry potter?
Harry: I love them all
Ron: but if you HAD TO choose
Harry: movie or book?
Ron: first book than movie
Harry: book? 1 and 7
Ron: and movie?
Harry: 7 part 1!!!
Summary: Harry's favourite Harry Potter's books are the 1st and the 7th ones. When it comes to the movies, he prefers the 1st part of the 7th movie.  
Dialogue: Daniel: Look who's dancing!
Daniel: <file_video>
Jake: no way!
Eva: hahaha love it <3
Jay: you go boy :D
Summary: Daniel was dancing.
Dialogue: Chloe: Do you know what happened to Mark?
Chloe: He's not returning my calls.
Rory: I'm not surprised.
Chloe: What do you mean?
Rory: He's on his annual trek in the mountains.
Rory: I doubt he has reception and/or access to Internet at the moment.
Chloe: Ah, don't know why but I believed his trek starts next months.
Rory: Weather forecast for next months was really bad so he decided to go earlier.
Rory: I'm sure he'll call you back/write to you when he has the chance.
Chloe: That's okay, I was worried that something happened to him.
Chloe: He's usually pretty quick with calling back.
Rory: True but like I said nothing to worry about.
Chloe: Great, thanks for the info.
Rory: No problem!
Summary: Mark's not returning Chloe's phone calls. He's trekking in the mountains, as Rory said.
Dialogue: Eva: Hey, How's it goin? Are you painting?? And how was with Daniel?
Zoe: Awesome thanks, I'm like a machine haha He went to Norway I guess.
Eva: I'm asking about something else :D
Zoe: the date was super cool, very very nice
Eva: (Y)
Zoe: he's got class
Eva: no sex though haha
Zoe: who knows...
Eva: hahaa
Zoe: if he hjmusps me down, I wont fight him! :D
Eva: ??
Zoe: Haha!
Eva: if he WHAT?
Zoe: if he HUMPS me
Eva: haha ok
Summary: Zoe had a date with Daniel, it went well, but they didn't have sex.
Dialogue: Yvette: doing anything special for the long wknd?
Steph: not sure yet
Steph: maybe I'll visit my parents
Steph: they always complain I dont visit so often
Caro: Im staying in Warsaw
Caro: and you, Yvette?
Yvette: we're thinking of going somewhere nice
Yvette: but we havent planned anything ;)
Yvette: if we go, it will be last minute ;P
Caro: you need to think of something soon then!
Yvette: yep :P
Summary: Caro is staying in Warsaw for the weekend, Steph maybe will visit her parents, and Yvette doesn't have any plans.
Dialogue: Gregg: I just saw your crush at the uni 😄
Max: lucky! I still didn't even talk to her lol 😆
Gregg: then what are you waiting for?
Max: a perfect moment dude, perfect moment
Gregg: urgh, romantic 😂
Summary: Gregg has just seen the girl Max is infatuated with. Max has not talked to her yet, since he is waiting for a perfect moment to do so.
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Marisol:  omg congrats!
Carlita: :O
Eunica: I'm so happy for you1
Carlita: <file_gif>
Marisol: how did he propose?
Eunica: when will u get married?
Jackie: when we were walking in a park he dropped on his knee next to this fountain in the Central Park
Marisol: *o*
Carlita: how sweet
Jackie: he told me he wants to share everything what's beautiful with me 
Marisol: awwww
Jackie: he must have carried that ring for a while because I remember him complaining about the weather lately :D
Marisol: it's so sweet he had been waiting
Jackie: we don't know yet when we'll get married but you are all invited ofc
Carlita: PLEASE don't pick June, I'll be in Canada then
Eunica: I hate weddings but I'll make an exception
Marisol: can't wait!
Summary: Jackie got engaged in Central Park. Marisol, Carlita, Eunica are excited. Jackie doesn't know the date yet but they are all invited. 
Dialogue: Sean: We're leaving before 8 AM, we decided
Jeff: So early?!
Steven: Yes, it's just we want to see sth more than yesterday, if you want to sleep till noon you can join us somewhere afterwards
Sean: we want to go to the Guggenheim in the morning 
Steven: then we will have a lunch break and probably proceed to the city museum
Jeff: I want to go to the Guggenheim!
Jeff: to come to NYC and sleep instead of going to the Guggenheim is a disgrace 
Sean: Your choice really, but we won't wait for you this time 
Jeff: Couldn't we just leave at 9?
Jeff: they're opening at 10!
Sean: ok, we can leave at 9 but not later
Steven: yes, 9 is fine with me as well
Jeff: so come to my hostel at 9, I'll be ready
Steven: ok!
Summary: Steven, Sean and Jeff are meeting at 9 AM at Jeff's hostel. They are going to the Guggenheim Museum. The hour is quite early for Jeff, but he is motivated to visit the museum. Steven and Sean will not wait for him if he wants to sleep longer.
Dialogue: Jim: so do u need anything from the grocery? 
Cathie: hmm... garlic and  cheap white  wine, please
Jim: what for?
Jim: vampires? <file_gif>
Cathie: nope:P
Cathie: sea food :D 
Jim: u wanna cook sea food tonite? <3 <3 :D :D?
Cathie: ^^
Jim: <file_gif>
Cathie: actually, we gonna cook sea food :P
Jim: hah, let's try.
Jim: gonna start with a glass of white wine , good one:D
Cathie: :***
Summary: Jim will buy garlic and cheap white wine in the grocery. He and Cathie are going to cook sea food tonight.
Dialogue: Tamara: Should we go to the meeting of the community?
Martha: It seems something very boring
Maria: I would surely not go alone
Martha: And what's the point of all of this?
Tamara: I think that they like that all the people leaving in the neighbourhood meet every month and discuss some issues
Martha: But we're students, we only sleep here
Martha: We don't care about sandpits, playgrounds and dogs...
Tamara: But we live here, and we care about things like silence after 10PM or waste sorting 
Maria: Tamara is right. But as said - I will not go alone
Tamara: But would you go with me Maria?
Maria: why not?
Maria: When do they meet?
Tamara: next Thursday at 9PM
Maria: perfect, let's go together, can be even interesting
Martha: ok, in this case maybe I'll also join you. I don't want to be a black sheep :P
Summary: Maria, Martha and Tamara will attend the next meeting of the community next Thursday at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Mila: Hi love
Peter: Hi, are you on the way?
Mila: yes, but the train was late
Peter: Italy all over!
Mila: oh, it happens even more often in the UK!
Peter: hehhe, stereotype
Mila: exactly, I hope I will manage to catch the flight. A bit of stress
Peter: I'll keep my fingers crossed, let me know as soon as you land
Summary: Mila's train was late so she's worried about catching her flight. Peter wants Mila to let him know as soon as she lands.
Dialogue: Hugo: Do you guys need something?
Leon: grab me 2 beers
Leon: or better 3
Elliot: get me a sprite please
Hugo: Ok. That's all?
Leon: elliot is gay
Summary: Leon wants Hugo to bring him 3 beers. Elliot wants sprite. 
Dialogue: Pete: Mom can Tino come today for a sleepover?
Mom: But he was at ours only last week.
Pete: A long time ago. Can he come again?
Mom: I don't know. I'd have to talk to his parents first.
Pete: They agreed. I've already talked to them.
Mom: Peter! It is me who has to talk to them.
Pete: Will you?
Mom: Maybe when I get home.
Pete: But he has to come today!
Mom: Why "has to"? What are you two up to?
Pete: Cause he has this game and we have to train to get to the next stage and we can do it only together and it's best when at night and nobody bothers us.
Mom: But if he has the game, as you say, why don't you go for a sleepover to his place? Just for a change.
Pete: Cause you are a better cook and his mom can only prepare pasta and I hate pasta and you always prepare good things for us and you get us this pink juice and we don't have to put on our pijamas.
Mom: Pyjamas.
Pete: Can he?
Mom: I don't think so. Not today anyway. Now I need my time to work. Take care Pete!
Pete: Mom! It's important!
Summary: Pete wants Tino to come for a sleepover today. They need to practice playing some game. Mom doesn't agree.
Dialogue: Ron: what time are we leaving tomorrow?
Ben: sixish?
Ron: I was thinking more like fivish
Ben: damn, you're killing me. 5.30? :D
Summary: Ben and Ron are going to leave tomorrow around fivish, sixish.
Dialogue: Don: do you have a minute?
Joyce: Sure, go ahead.
Don: I have a problem with my browser. It doesn't seem to load certain pages like fb for example. It's just a blank page.
Joyce: That's pretty basic, but have you tried turning it off and on again? ;)
Don: yes, but it hasn't helped.
Joyce: And have you tried it with the whole computer?
Don: yeah, that too, but the problem is still there.
Joyce: It's Firefox you're using, right?
Don: correct.
Joyce: You can try clicking on the drop-down menu in top right corner. Then go to settings, then safety & privacy where there's a section called something like "cookies and web data". You can try clearing the web cache - that usually helps. Let me know, if it works.
Don: ok, thanks a lot.
Summary: Joyce helps Don with his browser that does not load.
Dialogue: Stefan: Hey Daniel.
Daniel: What?
Stefan: I just heard Anna singing a song in the class.
Daniel: Yeah, so?
Stefan: I was singing the exact same song 5 minutes ago.
Daniel: I don't get your point.
Stefan: Dude you don't understand. She was sitting right behind me when I was doing it.
Daniel: Yeah I don't think you have anything to worry about.
Stefan: Why not?
Daniel: I don't know man let's go.
Stefan: You ruin it for me every time.
Summary: Anna was singing a song in the class. Stefan was singing the same song before her.
Dialogue: Ed: Did you join the music club? 
Anne: No why? 
Ed: I saw on the list your name
Ed: Anne Smith 😂
Anne: Hahaha not me then
Ed: Probably a different Anne Smith then 
Anne: Maybe! I dont think I signed up for any clubs 
Anne: this year 
Ed: You should 
Anne: I don't have time... 😂
Ed: I think Im joining the computer lab club
Anne: This would definitely help you 
Anne: WIth your studies! 
Ed: Hope so! 😂
Summary: Ed saw Anne Smith on the list in the music club but it is not Anne. Anne doesn't have time for this. Ed is considering joining the computer lab club.
Dialogue: MikeRoss: cant sleep, i'm nervous
Rachael: relax mike, you got this.
MikeRoss: what if i mess up
Rachael: it might be the biggest case in your life, but you've done your homework
MikeRoss: the opposing attorney has a very good record also
Rachael: he doesnt stand a chance
MikeRoss: thanks
Rachael: thats you mike, go kick some ass tomorrow
MikeRoss: cool, i'm just preping myself with the case files
Rachael: the court and the jury will be pleased with you
MikeRoss: thanks
Rachael: we will do a pro bono together after this case
MikeRoss: yeah, its always fun working with you
Rachael: ok, you need your sleep, nyt nyt
MikeRoss: nyt nyt rachael
Summary: MikeRoss cannot sleep prior to the case tomorrow. Rachel shows him her support. 
Dialogue: Judith: ey, have you seen this girl with that ridiculous makeup on her face? XDDDDDD
Salomea: oh jesus, don't you remind me that
Berenika: yes xDDDDDDDD
Judith: I can't believe she's walking like that and not feeling that something's wrong xDDDD
Salomea: I've noticed people are talking to her and not laughing, so maybe she simply doesn't know it looks awful
Berenika: that's possible. but still... it looks shitty as fuck, I can see her from the 10m distance.....
Summary: There is a girl with ridicolous makeup and she is probably not aware it looks awful.
Dialogue: Joseph: I have a surprise for you!
Sara: Sweet <3 I'm curious.
Joseph: You always are...
Summary: Joseph has a surprise for Sara.
Dialogue: Til: collect me from the office
Danny: when? 
Til: asap I'm sick 
Summary: Til needs Danny to collect her from work because she's sick.
Dialogue: Adrian: <file_other>
Adrian: If you will ever think about buying me any gift, please take this under special cosideration
Jim: What's that?
Adrian: Lunchpad
Adrian: For making music
Jim: Aaaah I know.
Adrian: Check this out
Adrian: <file_other>
Summary: Adrian wants to get a lunchpad.
Dialogue: Jessie: Hey Rose, when are you free to work on this project?
Rose: Aw fuck. When is it due again.
Jessie: End of next week. 
Rose: I'm like super swamped with all my other classes, but I have play practice all week too. 
Jessie: Yeah, I mean I get you, I have a lot going on too, but I think it's important we meet at least twice this week.
Rose: Is there no way we can just work separately and just figure out some of this stuff online?
Jessie: Rose? Seriously.
Rose: I mean I feel like this isn't really that big of a deal. Mrs. Coud isn't that harsh of a grader anyway. 
Jessie: That's not the point. The point is that we decided to work together. As a group to get this done. I think we need to meet to get this done.
Rose: You are being way too serious about this. It is not that big of a deal. We can literally turn in anything and get a good grade.
Jessie: I don't want to be the only person putting in the effort on this one. If you don't want to work together on this, I can talk to Mrs. Cloud about being on different teams.
Rose: Whoa Jess, chill. It's cool. I'll find some time this week. I'll let you know tomorrow. 
Jessie: ok.
Summary: Jessie are Rose need to hand in a project by the end of next week. They're both very busy, but Jessie insists on meeting. Rose eventually agrees to meet some time this week.
Dialogue: Adam: Congratulations on your new position! :)
Gabrielle: Thank you! It's not that new... I just updated my profile ;)
Adam: Oh, I can see that now...
Gabrielle: Yeah, I started in June.
Adam: Congrats anyway! :)
Summary: Gabrielle got promoted in June. Adam congratulated her with delay.
Dialogue: Niidia: waiting for the quiz results has been agony :-(
Karina: you''ve being overly dramatic again!! lol
Karina: you ALWAYS do great even though you ALWAYS say you'll fail
Niidia: maybe it'll be different this time!!! maybe i'll fail!!!!
Karina: you're so annoying!!! lol, you know you'll do great
Summary: Niidia is impatiently waiting for the quiz results. 
Dialogue: Albert: Good evening, I am writing in connection with the advance payment which I transferred before the first lesson in your sports’ club. 
Albert: It was impossible for me to attend lessons this year.
Benjamin: Good evening, pursuant to the rules of procedure, we are unable to return your advance payment. We checked that your last visit at our club was one year ago.
Albert: Can I count on some partial return of my advance payment?
Benjamin: I’m afraid we cannot return any sum transferred to us at that time. I invite you to read the regulations available on our website.
Albert: Ok, thank you very much.
Benjamin: You’re welcome
Summary: Albert is a member of a sports’ club. He wants a partial return of his advance payment. Benjamin says that the club is unable to return any money.
Dialogue: Mat: So I started to walk home and on the way I found a tenner and a fiver on the ground
Mat: Went to the shop and got myself a bunch of stuff cuz why not
Isabel: omg no way :)
Mat: aye Ino I was pure buzzin
Isabel: I would be too
Isabel: What u get?
Mat: got myself a bunch of sweets and some chocolate
Mat: Absolutely unreal
Isabel: :)) :)) :))
Summary: On his way home Mat found money on the ground. Mat went to the shop and bought sweets for the money he found.
Dialogue: Adam: any idea for holiday this year?
Theo: dunno. i guess ann and the boys would like to fly swh
Adam: in summer?
Theo: dunno. it might be sort of expensive in peak season. 
Adam: you mean it's better to go before or after?
Theo: dfntly. we were actually considering october. could be 30% off 
Adam: sounds attractive enough. but we can't both go at teh same time right
Theo: yeah, the boss wouldn't be very happy
Adam: perhaps i'll look for sth in June then?
Theo: thats' a thought. any ideas where to?
Adam: in my case it's more of a question who with haha
Theo: you really argued with Layla?
Adam: she's still pretty angry about that party you know
Theo: yeah but June is still a couple of months to go
Adam: we'll need to talk with her about everythihng
Theo: you better do before you book the tickets :)
Adam: will have to. cheers
Summary: Theo is thinking about going for holiday in October this year. Adam is thinking about June. He had argued with Layla, so he's not sure if she'll come along. He's going to talk with her.
Dialogue: Phillip: Has anyone seen my backpack?
Jane: I saw it in the office and I thought you would be coming back
Kayla: I saw it too
Summary: Jane and Kayla saw Phillip's backpack in the office.
Dialogue: Abigail: I just got a phone call
Abigail: guess what
Alex: ??
Abigail: he cancelled.
Alex: no.
Abigail: yes.
Alex: that's despicable 
Abigail: Right?
Summary: Abigail has just got a phone call and he cancelled. Abigail and Alex think it was very unpleasant. 
Dialogue: Barry: Can u pick me up from the station?
Mira: When?
Barry: 17:45.
Mira: I can be there at 18:00. You wait?
Barry: Yes. I'll do some shopping meanwhile. 
Summary: Mira will pick Barry from the station at 18:00. He will arrive at 17:45 and do some shopping meanwhile.
Dialogue: Sarah: still mad?
Alex: A bit.
Sarah: what can I do to make u forgive me?
Alex: Dunno, just don’t ignore me next time.
Sarah: r u free at 12?
Alex: Yes, why?
Sarah: let’s go grab some lunch and talk.
Alex: OK
Summary: Sarah and Alex will grab lunch at 12 to talk and make up.
Dialogue: Karol: hey loser, you got an F for your assignment
Adam: wtf? I thought I did a good job
Karol: the teacher said that it was off-topic
Adam: her life is off-topic... I'll have to talk to her cuz I'm sure I did well
Karol: whatever... my part is done, I informed you haha
Adam: very funny, asshole
Summary: Adam got an F for his assignment, because it was off-topic. Karol's role was to inform Adam.
Dialogue: Theresa: I'm going for a date on Saturday.
Blanca: OMG with whom??
Iris: It's been a while Theresa...
Theresa: I know
Theresa: He's a good looking guy
Theresa: Met him at the club
Blanca: The one with the hat that you talked to?
Theresa: Yes :-)
Iris: Did he tell you that he came from heaven?
Blanca: And that you are prettier than all the angels he have seen there?
Theresa: How do you know?
Blanca: This guy has a reputation...
Iris: And also a big dick
Iris: Enjoy it while it lasts 
Theresa: Did you sleep with him?
Blanca: All the girls in the club did 
Theresa: :-( 
Summary: Theresa is going on a date on Saturday. Theresa met a guy at the club. All the girls in the club slept with him.
Dialogue: Kenna: What u doing?
Patience: Watching TV. You?
Kenna: Going to a store to buy some orange juice
Patience: Oh ok
Summary: Patience is watching TV. Kenna is going to the store to buy some orange juice.
Dialogue: Emma: Have you bought new mouse for the PC?
William: What hpnd to the previous one?
Emma: idk. its not working.
William: I just bought this before a week
Emma: I dont know bou that. We need a new one. :/
William: Can you wait for another two days?
Emma: But I need to my assignment tomorrow and I need it right now
William: K dont worry. Ill do something
Summary: The computer mouse doesn't work. Emma needs a new one now to make an assignment for tomorrow. William will do something. 
Dialogue: Denis: Gurls, I've just landed 
Marilyn: Perfect, I'm outside waiting for you
Amber: 🎉
Amber: Are you hungry? Mar will bring you to my place
Amber: I'm cooking something you really like
Denis: you're so nice!
Denis: Both of you
Marilyn: Have you left the plane already?
Denis: There is a strange queue, and they are sooooo sloooow
Marilyn: do you have only hand luggage?
Denis: nope, I have to wait for my suitcase at the belts
Marilyn: ok, so it may take some time, I'll be at the "lino" bar
Denis: no problem, I'll find you
Summary: Denis landed, he has some luggage to retrieve, Marilyn waits for him at the Lino bar. She will bring him to Amber's. 
Dialogue: Sophie: Hey, r u still awake?
Matt: Yup, I think I'm pulling an all-nighter.
Matt: There's so much 2 learn 4 this exam.
Sophie: Same here.
Sophie: Can u scan me ur notes from 7.12?
Sophie: I just realized I'm missing a lesson.
Matt: OFC, give me 10 mins.
Sophie: Great, thanks!
Sophie: Good luck studying!
Summary: Matt is still awake and learning for the exam. Sophie is learning as well. Matt will send Sophie a scan of his notes from the lesson from 7.12.
Dialogue: Edith: Hi Ruth, I am writing because I have some questions concerning the fundraiser
Ruth: How can I help you?
Edith: Do you have the decorations team ready?
Ruth: Yes, Michael volunteered and we should have enough help
Edith: Perfect, is the idea still the same?
Ruth: Yes
Edith: Great then I'll see you in a week!
Ruth: see you in a week.
Summary: Edith has some questions to Ruth concerning the fundraiser. Ruth has the decorations team ready, Michael volunteered. Ruth and Edith will meet in a week. 
Dialogue: Mason: I'm looking for a university grant in Europe, can you recommend anything?
Peter: sure, Denmark has the best offers
Lia: seems to be true indeed, I've heard this from so many friends
Jeff: Germany has quite good offers as well
Peter: yes, but Denmark does not only offer free universities but a lot of options to finance your life there
Mason: but isn't Copenhagen a shithole?
Peter: hahaha, the capital not that much
Peter: but there are some unis outside Copenhagen, in smaller towns like Aarhus etc.
Mason: god, to move there from NYC could be a real shock
Peter: for sure
Lia: but shocks are sometimes good
Mason: maybe you're right
Mason: I'll research it
Peter: do it!
Summary: Mason needs a European university grant recommendation. Lia and Peter think Denmark is the best, Jeff also likes Germany. Danish universities are free and there are many ways to finance your life there. University locations include i.a. Copenhagen and Aarhus. Mason worries about leaving NY.
Dialogue: Oleg: Are you ok? I don’t know if youre angry at me or sth
Dakota: I was busy for a few days then I realized I’m better off without you
Oleg: -_- Are you fucking kidding me
Dakota: It’s true, I don’t want to talk to you
Oleg: What the fuck did I do to you?
Dakota: I’m not going to explain you that
Oleg: One day youre laying in bed with me, cuddling and the next youre telling me youre better off without me wtf
Dakota: Shit happens
Oleg: you are the reason guys treat girls like shit
Dakota: Oh am i
Oleg: I shouldve just kick you out after fucking you
Dakota: youd really do that
Oleg: after all I did for you, you say sth like that
Dakota: pls just leave me alone
Oleg: I hope you get pregnant
Dakota: read what you wrote again, thanks for convincing me I was right about you
Oleg: you are never right if I told you half the truth you wouldnt deal with the reality
Dakota: Goodbye
Summary: Dakota doesn't want to talk to Oleg. She believe she is better off without him. Oleg is angry at Dakota. Oleg hopes Dakota will get pregnant.
Dialogue: Adam: Hi Mona said you bought a new TV?
Carl: Yes, we broke old.
Adam: Which model?
Carl: Philips Ambilight 55 E524532.
Summary: Carl bought a new Philips Ambilight 55 E524532 TV because the old one is broken.
Dialogue: Jack: did you get it?
Archie: get what?
Jack: the car! damn it! DID YOU GET THE FUCKING CAR!
Archie: whoa.., no not yet
Archie: what the fuck is up with you?
Summary: Archie did not get the car yet.
Dialogue: Teo: i will order pizza today
Teo: wanna join?
Bruce: of course i will be in an hour :)
Summary: Teo will order pizza today. Bruce will join him in an hour.
Dialogue: Rick: that goes without saying!! what type of music should we have their then?
Evelyn: Haha of course 🙂Hmm how about sound of music?
Rick: which song?
Evelyn: I've got no idea
Rick: ohh - iv got music for my dramatic entrance!!
Evelyn: Ooh go on ;)
Rick: its the spy theme tune they always play in spy movies
Evelyn: Haha like your a new detective ;)
Rick: you know - dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de dun...
Evelyn: Of course I know what you mean ;) yeah sure 🙂
Rick: de de duuuunnn, de de duuuuuuuuunn, de de duuuuuuuuunnn, de dem
Evelyn: You're erm gettin rather carried away now aren't you ;)
Summary: Rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance.
Dialogue: Simon: Love you.
Lorelai: I love you too, pumpkin! <3
Simon: <file_gif>
Summary: Simon and Lorelai love each other.
Dialogue: Peter: Hi, wanna grab something to eat after work?
Diana: Sure, maybe that new restaurant at Elm Street?
Peter: You read my mind, I was gonna suggest that :)
Diana: Perfect, see you there at 4.
Peter: See ya <3
Summary: Peter is asking Diana if she wants to go eat with him. Diana is suggesting a new restaurant at Elm Street, a place where Peter also wants to go. They both will meet there at 4. 
Dialogue: Frank: Hi boss, I cant' get to work tomorrow
Zeph: anything a problem Frank?
Frank: I guess it's a kind of virus.
Zeph: OK, thanks for letting me know, make sure you see the doc tomorrow
Frank: I will boss, good night
Zeph: Sleep well Frank
Summary: Frank has caught a virus and can't come to work tomorrow.
Dialogue: Kyla: What time we r meeting?
Edna: About 7pm?
Kyla: Make that half past, I need to do sth before
Edna: ok, that's fine with me. Will you let the others know?
Kyla: Yeah, I'll call them
Edna: Great. See u on the bridge
Kyla: yeah, bye
Summary: Edna and Kyla are meeting at 7.30 pm on the bridge. Kyla will call the others to let them know where and when they are meeting.
Dialogue: Chris: bue me a coffe on your way to office
Amanda: 2 shots of espresso?
Chris: yes, thanks, u know me so well :)
Summary: Amanda will buy a double espresso for Chris.
Dialogue: Pedro: I got promoted!
Samantha: Great! Well deserved. 
Jake: Let's celebrate 
Summary: Pedro got promoted. 
Dialogue: Rick: What are we doing with the New Year's Eve?
Alfred: What about that plan with Jim's fathers house? Is that still on?
Jim: I spoke with him yesterday, he agreed to give us the keys. Just that it will be dirty, no one was there for almost 6 months
Alfred: Amazing :D
Rick: So how many people are we inviting? We need to organise everything fast, it is in less than 3 weeks
Alfred: True, how many people CAN we even invite? How big is the house?
Jim: There are 6 beds, two of which are king sized. But there is a lot of room, so people can sleep anywhere ;)
Alfred: We also need to think about transportation
Jim: I will drive there and can take 4 people. But getting there by public transportation really sucks :/
Alfred: Should we ask in the class group?
Jim: I will write there in a second
Alfred: Ok, we will see what they say and plan the rest later
Rick: We can give them until Sunday to reply?
Jim: Ok, I will mention that :)
Summary: Jim, Rick and Alfred are organizing the New Year's Eve in Jim's father's house. It is less than 3 weeks to go. The house is quite big but dirty. They also need to organize transportation amongst other things. Jim will inform and invite friends on a class group.
Dialogue: Ozzi: I got a scarf at LV!
Ozzi: <file_photo>
Jake: Nice! 
Ozzi: I spent quite a lot tho 
Jake: How much? 
Ozzi: Like 300 bucks xd 
Jake: are you for real... 
Ozzi: Had to treat myself! 💯
Summary: Ozzi spent 300 bucks on LV scarf.
Dialogue: Miranda: Hi
Miranda: Take a look at these
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: Want to try it on?
Robyn: What are you doing? :)
Miranda: I want to get rid of some old stuff
Miranda: I won't wear that anymore
Robyn: Are you sure?
Miranda: Pretty sure ;) But all of this is almost new
Miranda: I want to go shopping as a reward ;)
Robyn: Oh and you need more space, I see ;)
Miranda: Exactly!
Robyn: I'm afraid it's all too small for me :/
Miranda: No way!
Summary: Miranda offered Robyn her old clothes that were almost unused but Robyn couldn't fit in them.
Dialogue: Karen: The time is passing so fast...
Karen: I'm already 30 :)
William: hahahha
William: and I'm 35 and I feel great about it
William: Stop complaining!
William: Let's go out tomorrow :)
Summary: Karen is 30 years old, William is 35. They want to meet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Rose: <file_photo>
Delilah: glitter, glitter, glitter! :D
Rose: I bought it on Ali.
Delilah: You are a hybrid freak! You've got like 1000 of them! :D
Rose: It's not a hybrid nail polish! It's a regular one.
Delilah: No way!! It looks amazing! I would never think it's the regular one.
Delilah: I must have it too! What other colurs are there?
Rose: <file_other>
Delilah: Thanks!
Delilah: The blue one is pretty awesome.
Rose: I will buy the red one next.
Summary: Rose bought a beautiful nail polish on Ali.
Dialogue: Pat: Is there any work for me to do today?
Lesley: Not really. No point coming in today, because most people are out on projects. 
Pat: OK, I will get in touch again tomorrow. 
Lesley: Cheers.
Summary: Pat doesn't need to go to work today as everybody is out on projects. Lesley will let her know about tomorrow.
Dialogue: Michael: Hi, just so you know, I've just got home, I'll let you know when I'm leaving. 
Tracy: Ok, cool, do whatever you need to do and I'm ready as you are.
Michael: I think I'll take the bus at around 7 pm, so I'm at your place at 7:30 pm. 
Tracy: Sounds fine! Any ideas what to do later tonight?
Michael: I'll text Josh, maybe he can join for a drink?
Tracy: Oh, I haven't seen him for ages, that'd be so cool! 
Michael: Texting him right away! 
Tracy: Shall we go to the new dive bar they've just opened up near the big park?
Michael: Why not, we can try it out! I'm dying to have a good G&T after this tough week! 
Tracy: I wouldn't mind a drink either! 
Michael: Ok, let me take a shower, fix some things here and I'll keep you posted!
Tracy: Sure! See you soon! 
Michael: Josh has replied! He'll come over! 
Tracy: Fantastic! Tell him I'm really looking forward to seeing him! And you of course!
Summary: Michael just got home. He will get ready and take the 7 pm bus and be at Tracy's at 7.30. Josh, Michael, and Tracy will go to the new dive bar tonight to have drinks.
Dialogue: Bonita: Hello Mum, am on my way home now.
Mummy: Excellent. I marinated the meat 3 hours ago.
Bonita: I'm so horribly drowsy. I hope I'll pull myself together before I get home.
Mummy: Was it so bad today darling?
Bonita: As usual. It's just getting more and more repetitive. Just boring.
Mummy: It's 4 more weeks and it's over. No big deal really.
Bonita: And I hate this whole commuting! We are stuck in a jam now. Nothing's moving. Nothing.
Mummy: Oh dear...
Bonita: And I'm so hungry!!
Bonita: It seems we're approaching Kings Road. So hopefully not more than 10 more mins.
Mummy: See you darling.
Summary: Bonita is hungry and stuck in traffic on her way home. Mummy marinated the meat 3 hours ago. Bonita is going to do an activity she considers dull for the next 4 weeks. Bonita's commuting should not take longer than 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Eric: Champions League is coming soon :D
Curtis: Oh, yea I forgot about that.
Curtis: when exactly?
Eric: 26th of June
Eric: but there is still a very long way.
Curtis: any predictions?
Eric: It's too early for that.
Curtis: True, last year you were betting a lot
Eric: I lost a lot :P 
Eric: I'm gonna roar back this year :)
Curtis: good luck, I'm not into risking money
Eric: You have 50% chance to win.
Curtis: I'll pass anyway.
Eric: okay
Summary: Eric wants to bet during the Champions League this year although he lost a lot of money last year. Curtis won't bet.
Dialogue: Nickie: hey ladies!!!! I'm home for the weekend, how about doing a ladies night?
Janine: Nickie, at last! I thought you were not coming
Nicole: hey B-) I'm in
Nicole: and Janine is right, explain yourself xd
Nickie: I'm so sorry girls, but it's all so different here...I have a lot of work, like at the university, apart from that I'm doing two courses and this job at the hostel...it's too much
Janine: two courses? what courses?
Nickie: the one from legal English, translations and so on and the other one from Italian, just to refresh the language
Nicole: how many shifts do you have at work?
Nickie: sometimes it's 3, sometimes 4...often at night, it's extremely overwhelming
Janine: jesus..do you sleep? do you even have time for that?
Nickie: I do, but it's about 5 or sometimes even 4 hours...I'm tired :/
Nicole: I think you should give up one of these activities or at least organize it somehow, cause you're not a strongwoman
Nickie: I know, I'm trying my best 
Nickie: but getting back to our plans, when are you free? maybe Sunday?
Nicole: I'm free on these two days
Janine: Saturday sounds cool
Nickie: Saturday then!
Summary: Janine, Nickie and Nicole will meet on Saturday for a ladies night. Nickie is lately very busy and tired, because she works at the hostel, study at the university and does two language courses.
Dialogue: Anna Telka: I think Im going to DQ
Anna Novackova: For that cream cone again? 😂
Anna Telka: Yea 😂
Jake: Girl on diet... Xd
Summary: Anna Telka will eat a cream cone at DQ again.
