Dialogue: Martin: Can you pick Amy up?
Sarah: Why are you asking? I thought you're picking her up? Don't tell me you have to stay late.. again!?
Martin: I have to. It's about that project.. so sorry.
Sarah: Right, ok. But I can't pick her up tomorrow I've got a doctor's appointment. 
Martin: That's fine. I'll do it promise. I'm trying to have things done by tomorrow.
Sarah: Ok. Fine. 
Summary: Sarah will pick up Amy today instead of Martin.  He's picking her up tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jenny: hihi another day, another match, another animal on the pitch
Jenny: <file_photo>
Nina: is that a pigeon?
Magnus: I guess so
Jenny: animals love football :D
Nina: :)
Jenny: it's so cute
Summary: There was a pigeon on the football pitch.
Dialogue: Lea: <file_photo>
Lea: I bought it for u!
Mary: Really?! I luv u!!! :*
Summary: Mary loves Lea for what she bought her.
Dialogue: Tina: I'd only like to remind you that you owe me 50 bucks
Lucy: Of course, I know.
Lucy: I've already transferred the money but it's Sunday today so you'll have it in your bank account tomorrow
Tina: That's good news cuz I've been having a lot of expenses lately
Summary: Lucy owes Tina 50 dollars. She made a transfer but it is Sunday so the payment will be on Tina's account on Monday. Tina needs the money because she has been having expanses recently.
Dialogue: Radha: morning everyone! anyone ready for breakfast?
Silvia: 10 min?
Radha: fine for me
Sarath: I'll join you in 20minutes
Radha: ok. i'm starving so i'll wait for you downstairs
Silvia: ok i'm coming now
Summary: Radha wants to know when Silvia and Sarath will join her in breakfast. Silvia's coming now and Sarath'll join them in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Jennifer: How long are we going to stay in Maldives? I have to apply for a leave.
Brad: 5 of December till 5 of January 
Jennifer: ok, I am soooo excited!
Brad: Me too. It's gonna be AMAZING
Jennifer: Do you want to stay only in Thailand or visit also other countries?
Brad: We will see, we can do whatever we want, that's the best part.
Jennifer: I've just talked to a colleague, she told me that Laos is amazing. 
Brad: Is it?
Jennifer: She was astonished by the nature, some cool waterfalls and amazing vegetation.
Brad: So we can also go to Laos.
Jennifer: But it's also a bit dangerous, there are apparently some land mines there.
Brad: LOL, a paradise indeed.
Jennifer: I'll google it first. You can as well.
Brad: I will, I don't really want to pay with my legs for seeing a waterfall.
Jennifer: Hahah.
Brad: ;) When are you home?
Jennifer: After 6.30 I think, depends on traffic.
Brad: I will cook something.
Jennifer: How nice of you! I am very hungry already.
Brad: :*
Summary: Jennifer and Brad are going to stay in Maldives for one month. They are also thinking of visiting Laos. Jennifer will be home after 6.30, so Brad is going to cook something.
Dialogue: Ann: How are you doing? 
Ann: How is your back?
Agnes: Better
Agnes: Thanks God
Agnes: Had the specialist over
Agnes: I'm scheduled tomorrow as well 
Ann: :) 
Ann: And what about Gary? 
Agnes: he's changes his ass, fucking moron
Agnes: wants to meet, but not today
Ann: Why? 
Agnes: He can't today
Ann: nonsense
Agnes: I guess it was her who sent that message 
Ann: could be 
Agnes: we'll see what's up next
Ann: it is going to be okay
Ann: I'm sure 
Agnes: thanks 
Agnes: it's late, I'm going to bed
Ann: Bye! 
Agnes: Bye!
Summary: Agnes has an appointment with the specialist tomorrow for her back ache. She's angry at Gary because he's not available today to meet her. 
Dialogue: Kevin: Hi Kai, you ok man?
Kai: Hi Unc! What you up to?
Kevin: Just doing my accounts man, thrilling stuff!
Kai: You bet! 🙃 What's Aunty Linda doing?
Kevin: Gone up Asda, picking her up after. Listen, how did you like it on the site last week?
Kai: Not bad, man, pretty hard work, tho.
Kevin: Goes with the territory, mate. Well, I managed to get the firm a permanent contract yesterday.
Kai: Good for you, Unc!
Kevin: Thing is, they need lots of brickies, mates and labourers, you keen?
Kai: Yep! But I'm not trained in anything and me and school, y'know, not good!
Kevin: Look, I'll ask Darren if you can help with the cement mixing and make some enquiries. What about an apprenticeship in bricklaying, something like that? We'll talk properly Monday. See you at the site, 8am sharp!
Kai: Thanks Kev, I'd love to give it a go. See you Monday! 😀
Summary: Kevin is doing his accounts. Kai, the nephew, worked on the construction site last week. Kevin's company got a permanent contract yesterday. Kevin and Kai will talk on Monday about an apprenticeship in the company. 
Dialogue: Tatiana: soon-to-be-mummy, whatsup? 😊
Sally: shopping
Sally: for a baby shower actually 😊
Tatiana: aww
Sally: look
Sally: <file_photo>
Tatiana: so cute! send me more!
Sally: <file_photo>
Sally: but im here to buy something for grownups 😀
Tatiana: yes, you do that! and i'm packing gifts for you and your baby
Tatiana: prepare to be amazed 😊
Sally: I'm gonna prepare some vegan treats specially for you xx
Tatiana: you're the best friend ever xoxo
Sally: going to the till, see you tomorrow at 7
Tatiana: i will be there on time
Sally: one more thing
Sally: do you have any wine glasses?
Tatiana: I do
Tatiana: yes, just checked, 6 white wine glasses
Tatiana: i can bring them
Sally: that would be lovely 😊
Sally: see you tomorrow then 🙂
Tatiana: see you tomorrow xx
Summary: Sally is doing shopping for her baby shower planned for tomorrow at 7 o'clock. She will prepare some vegan snacks for Tatiana. Tatiana will bring wine glasses.
Dialogue: Tom: We should invite some people finally
Kate: I know, I'm just so tired after the move
Tom: I know, but they keep asking me when we will organise the house warming party
Kate: sure...
Tom: so?
Kate: Surly not this weekend
Tom: no, i think we could do it in May
Kate: But it's in two months
Tom: Sure, you're tired.
Kate: haha
Tom: If we tell them now that it's in 2 months, they will not ask anymore but wait for May
Kate: maybe it's a strategy
Tom: of course it is!
Kate: ok, you can start telling them about May 😛
Summary: Kate and Tom are going to organize the housewarming party in May as a lot of people want to see their new place. Kate is still very tired after the move.
Dialogue: Mary: Have you left for the office?
Laura: I'm on the subway
Jeff: I'm leaving in 10min
Mary: ok, so take you laptop, we will need it today
Jeff: no problem
Summary: Laura is on the subway going to work. Jeff hasn't left yet so he will bring his laptop on Mary's request.
Dialogue: Chris: Hey Andy! Need your advice pls.
Andy: What is it?
Chris: These 2 gooseberry bushes. Is it right to plant them at the end of the raspberry patches? Isn't it too shady there?
Andy: Not at all. Gooseberry prefers half shade. So at the north end of the rasp. lines is perfect.
Chris: Fine. I composted them in September, so the soil should be just about right.
Andy: After planting give them a really good soak. Gooseberry needs plenty of moisture. 
Chris: I remember. And I shouldn't prune them yet.
Andy: Correct. Don't forget to cover the soil around the bushes with bark mulch.
Chris: OK. Now I know. Thanks Andy. Much appreciated.
Andy: Any time mate.
Summary: Chris needs Andy's advice on where to plant gooseberry bushes. Andy suggests planting them half shade and giving them a good soak. Andy reminds Chris about not pruning the bushes and covering the soil around them.
Dialogue: Joona: Guys, I'm sick so I won't come to the match
Ieva: Me too, i got the virus as well
Simone: ok, so no point in organising it this week
Joona: Let's talk on Sunday
Summary: Joona and Ieva are ill, they won't come to the match this week. 
Dialogue: Mary: still at school?
Jane: no, only 2 days a week
Mary: so you're working in your workshop?
Jane: i'm on a sofa.
Mary: not too hard?
Jane: it is, but the result would be great. Look
Jane: <file_photo>
Mary: i love the fabric. I want the same for my armchair
Jane: i found it at Montmartre
Mary: you'd tell me when you'll be ready to do mine
Jane: i'm quite busy and not ready yet.
Mary: i'm sure you are. And I want my curtains too
Jane: later..
Mary: but when? My living room is crying from despair!
Jane: come on. You're not coming before june
Mary: that's why. I'll have to wait another all year
Jane: Send me the measures
Mary: You know that i don't even know how to measure them
Jane: so you have to wait for me to come.
Mary: i can't
Jane: You will
Summary: Jane works on a sofa. Mary wants Jane to help her with redecorating her living room.
Dialogue: Jack: so, lets meet up for drinks tonight, first round is on me
Teddy: haha, the hell. its on monday
Melany: yeah, but a crazy monday for both of us
Duke: okay then
Duke: hope we dont trip
Duke: coz i dont know how i will wake up for work tomorrow
Melany: haha, relax
Summary: Jack, Teddy, Melany and Duke are going to meet up for drinks tonight. The first round is on Jack.
Dialogue: Nick: Hello Professor Thomas. 
Thomas: Hello Nick. Anything I can do for you?
Nick: Yes. I was absent last class and I have a question about Friday's quiz. Will it cover Chapter 7?
Thomas: The quiz will cover chapters 4 through 6.
Nick: Ok, so genetic mutations will not be included, correct?
Thomas: Well, we covered some of that material in chapter 6, so you can expect something on that?
Nick: Ok, I understand. And how about mitosis?
Thomas: Nick, I suggest you read chapters 4 through 6.
Nick: I know, but I was away last class and sometimes you hand out additional materials.
Thomas: Yes, there was an additional handout, but please contact one of your peers to get a copy.
Nick: Ok, will do. Thank you very much, and sorry to bother you with these texts.
Thomas: No problem. Take care and we'll see you Friday.
Nick: Ok, have a great afternoon.
Thomas: Thank you, the same to you.
Summary: Nick asks Thomas about Friday's quiz. It will cover chapters 4 through 6. Nick will contact his peers to get additional materials.
Dialogue: Isaiah: Hey! :) I got a package from you - the gloves are A-MAZ-ING, they fit perfectly (like a glove, heh). ;) I can't believe that you did them all by yourself!
Isaiah: Thanks a lot! :))
Lillian: Hi! :) First of all: happy birthday!! :*
Lillian: I'm happy that you like them :) I was afraid that they're gonna be too loose for you.
Isaiah: They're just on point. :) Thanks. :*
Summary: Lillian made gloves for Isaiah's birthday. She was afraid they are going to be too big but they fit perfectly.
Dialogue: Samantha: Hi! I know you went last year to Austria sking.
Samantha: I'd like to go this year and need some advice.
Sam: You've come to the right person!
Sam: What are you looking for?
Samantha: I'd like a place with quite a lot of ski pistes. 
Sam: Okey, that's not difficult to find in Austria ;)
Sam: Anything else?
Samantha: I don;t think so. I've never been to Austria, so just want to check it out.
Sam: Okey, I'll send you some links to ski resorts later. 
Samantha: Thx a lot!
Summary: Samantha wants to go skiing in Austria. She's looking for a place with a lot of ski pistes. Sam will send her links to ski resorts. 
Dialogue: Victoria: I'm going for groceries later
Victoria: do you need anything?
Toby: don't think so
Toby: I bought most of the stuff I need last week
Victoria: alright
Summary: Victoria's going to buy groceries. Toby doesn't need anything.
Dialogue: Logan: hi guys, should we rent some bicycles for two days that we'll spend on the island?
Megan: I'm not sure, I'm ab bit afraid of cycling 
John: ahahah, you're ridiculous! how come?
Megan: I had an accident when I was a child
Ann: really, you've never told me about it
Logan: Megan, it was long time ago, you should try again, I'll help you
John: I'm sorry I laughed, we'll cycle slowly, carefully
Logan: because it's such a beautiful island to cycle through
Ann: and I'm not even sure we can drive a car there
Megan: ok, I have you word!
Logan: perfect!
Summary: Megan is afraid of cycling, because she had an accident in the past. Logan, Megan, John and Ann will rent some bicycles to cycle through the island.
Dialogue: Mandy: buy some water on your way home
Lisa: ok, sth else?
Mandy: no, thanks
Summary: At Mandy's request, Lisa will buy some water on her way home.
Dialogue: Rodger: add more ppl
Rose: Any details regarding the meeting?
Austin: Hello
Rodger: First I want to find out how many of us is interested.
Rodger: Then I can book something.
Austin: I'm coming back next month :(
Michael: Will we get a message an hour before the meeting so that we cannot be traced?
Austin: :D
Rodger: funny
Peter: By the way, fuck Steve
Rodger: haha
Austin: When does it begin?
Rodger: the match begins at 8:45 PM
Rodger: so we'll start drinking at at midnight
Summary: Rodger is organizing a meeting to watch the match starting at 8:45 PM. Rodger wants to know how many people are interested in order to make a reservation. Austin is coming back next month and can't join.
Dialogue: Max: What r u doing?
Cyla: nothing special, going 2 bed
Max: ok, so see u tomorrow. Nighty-night!
Cyla: Sleep tight!
Summary: Cyla is going to bed. Max and Cyla will see each other tomorrow.
Dialogue: Marie: Hi, anybody wants to have lunch together?
Daniel: I doubt I'll go for lunch
Daniel: our department is flooded with work today, it's insane
Tom: I may join you
Marie: Daniel, you have the right to have a lunch break, c'mon, you already work too much
Daniel: I know, but I want to finish it
Daniel: and I don't trust my team, we have to many new people
Marie: Daniel, it's not your responsibly any little mistake people make
Tom: Marie is right, you should learn to let people do their job
Marie: it's neither good for you nor for them
Tom: and they probably hate you
Tom: nobody like to have a boss who's a control freak
Daniel: Maybe you're right
Marie: sure, come to have lunch we us
Marie: in the foyer at 13.15!
Daniel: ok
Summary: Daniel doesn't want to go for lunch because he has a lot of work to do. Marie, Tom and Daniel will have lunch in the foyer at 13.15.
Dialogue: Michal: Yo, ding dong, ding dong yo!
Olga: What's up?
Michal: Movie tonight?
Olga: Sure, why not
Michal: Great - I'll pick you at 8
Olga: See ya then
Summary: Olga and Michal will go see a movie together at 8.
Dialogue: Eliza: Hey
Sammy: hi
Eliza: Could I borrow your copy of great gatsby?
Sammy: Sure I just need it back next semester cause I'm taking a class about the author
Eliza: Sure, I just need it for two weeks :) Thanks Sammy!
Sammy: I'll give it to you tomorrow during British lit is that okay?
Eliza: perfect
Sammy: :)
Summary: Eliza will borrow Sammy's copy of "Great Gatsby". She needs it back next semester as she's taking a class about its author, but Eliza needs it just for two weeks.
Dialogue: Andrew: Your daily dose of memes from Andy ^^
Andrew: <file_other>
Andrew: <file_other>
Naomi: HAHAHA you always make me laugh😂
Summary: Andrew shares his daily portion of amusing memes with Naomi.
Dialogue: Nolan: yo, sup?
Samuel: nothing's changed
Samuel: i'm still bored af
Samuel: wanna hang out?
Nolan: sorry, i can't, i'm waiting for Lauren
Nolan: i need to drive her to the airport
Samuel: she's visiting her sister?
Nolan: yeah, Martha has given a birth recently
Nolan: Lauren wants to see her niece :)
Samuel: say hi to her from me :)
Nolan: ok :)
Summary: Samuel proposed Nolan to meet but Nolan was busy taking Lauren to the airport.
Dialogue: Lynda: Good morning
Mia: Good morning
Lynda: I ordered a mobile phone a week ago and I haven’t received it yet. I would be grateful for any information regarding its shipment.
Mia: I apologize for the inconvenience, but we are still waiting for the confirmation of payment.
Lynda: I believe that there must have been error. Would you be so kind as to check it once again?
Mia: Yes, of course
Summary: Lynda ordered a mobile phone a week ago but hasn't received it yet. Mia explains they are waiting for the confirmation of payment. Lynda wants Mia to check it again.
Dialogue: Marty: who did you get for secret santa?
Chrissy: if I tell you, it won't be a secret anymore ;)
Marty: oh come on, i'll tell if you tell ;)
Chrissy: lol no way
Chrissy: you'll have to wait and see who was naughty or nice just like the rest of the office
Marty: lmao
Marty: fine :P
Summary: Marty wants Chrissy to tell him who she got for Secret Santa but she refuses.
Dialogue: Kevin: How is the journey going?
Brian: not bad, we've just landed in Bangkok
Melissa: What time is it there?
Kevin: 7am
Melissa: 7pm here
Kevin: wow, 12h of difference
Melissa: haha, funny, right?
Kevin: are you going to stay in Bangkok?
Brian: for a few days then we will head to the countryside
Kevin: Send some pics
Melissa: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Kevin: how nice! summer! I envy you so much
Melissa: I could have come with us
Kevin: you know I couldn't take such a long leave
Summary: Melissa and Brian have just arrived in Bangkok. It's 7 pm there. They'll stay in Bangkok for a few days and then travel to the countryside. Melissa sent some pictures to Kevin. He couldn't go with them.
Dialogue: Rick: i was thinking of going to Vienna 
Will: You've got my attention ...
Rick: the weekend before Christmas 
Will: wow! I've heard a lot about Weihnnachtmarks in Vienna!
Rick: yes, they are amazing!
Will: Ok, I'm in!
Rick: Great, ask someone because we need more people to pay less for gas :)
Will: sure!!
Summary: Rick and Will are planning to go to Vienna before Christmas, and they need more people to pay less for gas.
