Dialogue: Beth: Hello Oscar, shock in out family as my brother's wife died yesterday from a bee sting.
Beth: This type of news makes one take stock and appreciate life and loved one.
Oscar: Oh my dear Beth, so very very sorry to hear about the woman. A shock indeed.
Oscar: What was it apart from a sting? An allergy?
Beth: Yes allergy.
Oscar: Of course one becomes more aware of the precious life. How fragile we all are!
Oscar: How old was she?
Beth: Mid 50s.
Oscar: That's terrible. So sad... How is your bro coping?
Beth: Don't know really. He sent me the message at noon about what happened and that she'd been taken to hospital. And a few hours later that she passed away. I phoned him but he couldn't talk.
Oscar: And the rest of their family? Children?
Beth: None. They live a very secluded life.
Oscar: Are they the guys with a lemon plantation in Kirkwood who found us accommodation there?
Beth: Yip.
Oscar: Bill only talked with your bro on the phone. You know. A nice chap.
Oscar: Will you be going to Kirkwood for funeral?
Beth: Dunno yet. Probably. But she came from Knysna. Has a family there I think. Maybe they'll want to bury her there.
Oscar: Oh Beth. it's so terrible. I really don't know what to say.
Beth: It's ok Oscar. Thank you for your sympathy.
Oscar: Yes, sure.You have it. Also from Bill.
Summary: Beth's brother's wife, mid 50's, died of bee sting allergy. Beth doesn't know about the funeral arrangements yet. 
Dialogue: Victoria: Hi! I just started watching Outlander
Anna: Wow - finally! Took you long enough :D
Victoria: I know, it's my third attempt actually.
Anna: Third?! You haven't said a thing before.
Victoria: Yeah, it was kind of pointless as I watched only 2 episodes.
Victoria: First time I watched just the first one, then first two episodes.
Anna: And? Couldn't get hooked? ;)
Victoria: No, surprisingly. I thought I was going to love it on the spot. It has everything I love - history, costumes, plot, time travel, and Scots.
Anna: That's why I recommended it you, thought you may love it.
Victoria: Maybe it wasn't the right time? I don't know really.
Victoria: I watched the first season already and can't wait for more :D
Anna: Hahaha, I'm so happy to hear it! Finally I will have someone to talk with and fangirl <3
Victoria: I must admit that Jamie Fraser is one of the reasons why I decided to keep watching ;)
Anna: No wonder! He's the reason I'm watching it at all, especially at the beginning.
Anna: I get why many people couldn't watch it. It's really good, but I also think that there's something missing.
Victoria: Yeah, I can't put my finger on it either, but I think I know what you mean. The show seems perfect, well done, good plot, characters, but it may come... bleak?
Anna: Hm... I love it to bits so I'm biased. I'm probably watching it for too long.
Victoria: Have you tried Black Sails? It's not the same obviously, but it's the same genre.
Anna: I did and I know many people love it, but this one of the show I couldn't make myself watching.
Victoria: Hahaha, same here. It's the same as I had with Outlander - watched 2-3 episodes and nothing.
Victoria: But so fair I only had two attempts ;)
Anna: I had one and decided I don't have enough time to force myself :P Too many good shows waiting 
Summary: Victoria and Anna discuss the show "Outlander" which Victoria recently started watching. They both enjoy "Outlander" but not "Black Sails".
Dialogue: Patrick: It was great seeing you, guys!
Joe: You too!
Philip: Thanks for coming over, Patrick
Patrick: Next time at my place! 
Joe: sure!
Philip: Take care, mate!
Summary: Patrick, Joe and Philip met a Philips' and next time they will meet at Patrick's place.
Dialogue: Sonia: i'll babysit my sister's child tomorrow
Sonia: i don't know anything about children
Sonia: i'm scared!!!!
Tracy: oh don't worry, it's easy
Tracy: how old is she?
Sonia: 7
Tracy: just turn the tv on and give her some snacks
Tracy: it's as easy as that
Summary: Sonia will babysit her sister's 7-year-old child tomorrow and doesn't know how to do it. Tracy thinks Sonia should turn on the tv and give her some snacks.
Dialogue: Harry: Do you have any car dealers you could recommend?
John: Huge news - are you buying a car?
Harry: I intend to
Sarah: Old or new?
Harry: I don't mind an old one, unless it's like twenty years old
Olivia: I think you may get a better deal if you go outside the city
John: Hm, I know a good one in Chelsea, but I don't think they're selling old cars
Harry: I don't have a lot of money and it will be my first car, so I don't want anything too fancy
Olivia: Sounds like you shouldn't get anything brand new ;)
Sarah: Do you have any other preferences?
Harry: I was thinking automatic, diesel?
Sarah: Why diesel?
Harry: Hm, I guess it's more economic in the long run and more eco friendly
John: And the automatic gearbox? You're 25 not 90 :D
Harry: Yes and that's why I want to be comfortable. I used to think like you and didn't want to even try the automatic, but I've been driving Lucy's car for months now and it's brilliant
Olivia: I get what you mean, automatic all the way
Sarah: Have you checked on Facebook or ebay? Maybe someone's selling
Harry: I did, it was the first thing I did, but then... I'm not sure, I'm afraid I'm going to get scammed
John: I can go with you, just in case
Harry: Thanks man! But where to? :D
Olivia: <file_other> here's the list of 10 best car dealers in Greater London, you should check them out
Sarah: I'd go online if I were you, far easier ;)
Summary: Harry is looking for a car dealer. He wants to buy an automatic or a diesel. John can go with him to the car dealer.
Dialogue: Amanda: We were at a Christmas Market today. Toby loved it! <file_photo> 
Flora: Aww, what a cutie!
Elena: Did you guys meet Santa?
Amanda: Yes, but it didn't go very well. Toby was scared of him :D <file_photo> 
Flora: Haha, he looks as if Santa was trying to murder him!
Elena: Daddy looks happy though!
Amanda: LOL, yes, daddy had a lot of fun today. I'm not sure which one of my boys is happier now :D
Elena: I bet you're as tired as they're happy ;)
Amanda: I'm exhausted! But it was worth it, you know?
Flora: Did you buy something nice?
Amanda: Lots of sweets and some Christmas decorations.
Flora: Cool!
Amanda: And they had this cool castle with artificial snow falling down all the time. Look! <file_video>
Elena: Wow, it's really beautiful. 
Flora: Looks kind of like the ice castle from “Frozen”.
Amanda: Yeah, I thought about it too when I saw it!
Summary: Amanda was at a Christmas Market today with Toby and her husband. Her husband loved it, but Toby was scared of Santa. They bought sweets and Christmas decorations and filmed a castle with artificial snow.
Dialogue: Bertil: Hi Mia
Bertil: My phone is giving me an error message again..
Bertil: Do you remember when you helped me with it the last time?
Mia: Hey
Mia: Yes
Mia: You mean that message about the storage?
Bertil: Yes
Bertil: This is so frustrating
Bertil: What was it we did?
Mia: You need to go to settings and click on storage
Mia: Click over there first
Bertil: Ok
Mia: Then click on internal storage after that
Mia: And delete cache files
Bertil: Ah! Yes I found it :)
Bertil: Thank you!!
Bertil: You're a star ⭐
Mia: 👏👏👏
Summary: Bertil is having problems with storage on her phone. Mia suggests deleting cache files and it works.
Dialogue: Mandy: Do u take my car???
Adam: Yes, I am on the carwash.
Mandy: Great, thx honey :*
Summary: Adam took Mandy's car. He is in a carwash.
Dialogue: Magnus: did you see the new Netflix logo animation?
Nina: I sure did
Magnus: any thoughts
Nina: I like it
Nina: it's not super original but still
Magnus: saw this at the beginning of that new series
Magnus: the best thing about the show so far, hehe
Magnus: it's okay
Magnus: the animation I mean
Nina: but it's just for the original Netflix series, right?
Magnus: yeah
Magnus: you know they're trying to differentiate their original productions
Magnus: as war is coming :)
Nina: you mean?
Magnus: you know, the streaming war
Magnus: there will be new streaming services from Apple and Disney
Nina: right
Nina: interesting times ;)
Nina: I wish they'd update the chime ha!
Magnus: it's too familiar to change it now
Summary: There is a new Netflix logo animation. War is coming as there will be new streaming services from Apple and Disney. 
Dialogue: Dale: Have to go to Home Depot
Dale: you need anything
Abe: No thanks
Abe: I got everything last week
Dale: ok
Abe: what do you need?
Dale: my sink is clogged
Abe: get the 5 star brand not the other one 
Abe: the other one doesn't work
Dale: ok thanks :D
Summary: Dale is going to Home Depot, because his sink is clogged.
Dialogue: Sofia: <file_photo> What should I do with this mysterious letter?
Jacob: Just bring it to the office! 😉
Sofia: Yes, actually that's an obvious solution :D
Michael: Please open it, if it's marketing material, please bin it😩
Sofia: I'm too scared to open it. What if that's a blackmail message? I'll bring it to the office.
Michael: Just pay the ransom, nothing to worry about😂
Summary: Sofia got a mysterius letter and is too scared to open it.
Dialogue: Hugo: Hey guys, so I've just booked an apartment for us. Have a look if you have the time <file_other>. You should have received an email from Airbnb asking you to pay your part, so let me know if you haven't gotten it.
Cristina: I've paid already 🏆
Ashley: Me too. Thanks Hugo!
Kim: I'm at work but will try to pay as soon as I get back home this evening. Thanks so much for this Hugo, I'm drowning in work and it's been a lifesaver for me
Hugo: No worries 😉 Hope you'll like the apartment. It's a little far from the conference venue, but it was really cheap so I thought we wouldn't mind walking a little bit
Cristina: ofc Good choice!!
Ashley: I totally agree. Also, it's only a couple weeks away! Yay!
Hugo: Yeah, I'm actually freaking out a little bit atm cause I haven't finished the paper yet, but I should be fine
Kim: I can relate to that. Haven't written a single word yet. And perhaps I won't - I might be tempted to make some v basic notes and then improvise
Ashley: I'm totally doing that 😅
Hugo: Glad to be in good company ✨
Ashley: 😘
Summary: Hugo has just booked an apartment for them on Airbnb. Christina and Ashley have already paid, Kim will do it when she's back from work. The conference is in a few weeks. Hugo, Ashley and Kim don't have their papers ready yet.
Dialogue: Karen: Hey Lisa. Larissa and me have recently moved to Belgium. 
Larissa: We have a few questions for you if you don't mind.
Lisa: Not at all. I'll be happy to help.
Karen: How long did it take you to get your papers?
Lisa: I still don’t have them. In April I’ll have another visit at the immigration office. Maybe then they will give me the Belgian residence.
Larissa: I didn’t know it’s taking such a long time. Especially as you are married to a Belgian citizen.
Lisa: They are taking their sweet time.
Karen: And did you have a police visit?
Lisa: Yes. But this was just a formality.
Karen: I have my first appointment scheduled for this Monday and I don’t know what to expect.
Lisa: They will ask you why you want to live here and if you want to work in Belgium.
Karen: I do.
Lisa: It will be fine. Then you will have three months to prove them that you are actively looking for a job.
Karen: That shouldn’t be a problem.
Karen: I hope it will go smoothly.
Lisa: I think for the EU citizens it’s not difficult. But it takes time. 
Lisa: After your meeting they will have six months to decide if they give you the residence. 
Larissa: Do you think it's difficult to get a job?
Lisa: You two speak decent French so it shouldn't be a problem. 
Summary: Karen and Larissa moved to Belgium and ask Lisa how to get the papers, the procedure and finding a job. Lisa doesn't have hers, as it takes time but shouldn't be a problem.
Dialogue: Jane: Who is this?
Dave: I'm in your house...
Jane: Who are you?
Dave: I can see you...
Jane: You're being creepy! Who are you?
Dave: You're wearing a nice blue dress and sitting on the sofa.
Jane: Where are you? Who the fuck are you? I'm calling the police!!! Creep!
Dave: Wouldn't you like to know. LOL
Jane: Get away from me!
Dave: You have a very nice pussy. What was his name again?
Jane: I'm calling the police!
Dave: It won't help you any.
Dave: I can see you. You haven't called the police did you?
Jane: What do you want from me?
Dave: You'll find out soon enough...
Jane: Whoever you are and wherever you are my boyfriend is coming home soon and you won't like that. So you'd better leave.
Dave: You think that will scare me? You're wrong little girl.
Dave: I have something for you that you'll never forget.
Dave: I think you'll like it!
Summary: Dave is secretly watching Jane and sending scary messages. Jane is freaking out.
Dialogue: Iris: Did you see Dylan is headlining the music fest in Hyde Park? I'm so going!
Liam: I did, but I hate his voice.
Iris: He's a legend!
Liam: He's better recorded than live.
Iris: But seeing him live is like a bucket list thing!
Liam: Ah, he sounds like a drunk pub singer with a sore throat!
Iris: Gasp! How dare you???
Liam: Bible!
Summary: Dylan is headlining the music fest in Hyde Park. Iris is going to see him. Liam hates Dylan's voice. 
Dialogue: Eva: Michelle has a huge stain on her bum, has anyone told her?
Jane: I was thinking about it, but I don't know how to...
Eva: I know...
Harriett: I will tell her, no problem
Summary: Michelle has a stain on her bum. Harriett will tell her about it.
Dialogue: Elias: hi! how are you doing?
Jackson: doing good, and you?
Elias: ok. it'd be better if i found a job
Jackson: still nothing?
Elias: yup
Elias: i had 3 or 4 interviews, but no success so far. :/
Jackson: they don't know what they're missing ;)
Jackson: don't worry too much, man, you're gonna find something eventually
Elias: :) thanks
Summary: Elias is looking for a job. He's has 3 or 4 interviews so far. 
Dialogue: Josie: So how was your first day at the gym?
Jim: Oh, it was ok, I thought my muscles would hurt more after it
Josie: Hah, well, good for you!
Summary: Jim has been to the gym for the first time, but his muscles don't hurt much.
Dialogue: Kate: I had a nice day today
Kate: the meeting with the students was very good
Kai: what students?
Kate: I think I told you - bachelors, first year
Lisa: you told me
Kate: right, sorry
Kai: so how was it?
Kate: I didn't know what to talk about at once
Kate: but I decided to talk about "managing unpredictability in the field"
Kai: exciting
Kate: they wanted to know more about field research
Kate: the practical side of it
Lisa: what exactly are you going to talk about?
Kate: I want to prepare them that not everything can be planned
Kate: especially in the developing countries
Lisa: it's true
Lisa: any example
Kate: I had to change the topic of my research during the field work
Kate: because it turned out that the original topic was not doable
Kate: i had no data
Kai: did they like it?
Kate: I think so
Kai: cool
Summary: Kate had the meeting with the bachelors today. She was talking about managing unpredictability in the field. The students liked the topic and they wanted to know more about field research.
Dialogue: Tanya: Guys, where did you buy your furniture? I remember Phil talking about some cool store, but I can't recall the name.
Cora: It's called “Sally's Sofas”. Stupid name, I know, but they have lots of interesting stuff.
Phil: They closed last month though. The owner died or something.
Cora: Oh no, really? That's too bad, I really wanted to buy that red lamp...
Phil: Good, that thing was absolutely ugly :P
Summary: Tanya needs to buy some furniture but "Sally's Sofas" closed last month.
Dialogue: Matt: I don't like my English course
Audrey: Why? 
Matt: There is too much homework
Audrey: Why? How much homework do you have?
Matt: Two, three essays per week
Audrey: That's a lot. Do you have any tests or quizzes?
Matt: Yes, one quiz per week and then final exam
Audrey: Wow, sounds like a lot of studying
Matt: I know, plus one or two reading texts
Audrey: It’s really a helluva work 
Matt: You bet it is. 
Audrey: How do you find time for all this?
Matt: I don't have enough time in a day for all these assignments
Audrey: You should talk to your teacher
Matt: I don't want to. I want to stay under her radar
Audrey: You’re right, it's one more month. You will get through this
Matt: Thx! I know, it's only few more weeks
Audrey: Take care
Matt: I will. You too ;-)
Summary: Matt doesn't like his English course. He has to study for it a lot. The course ends in a month. 
Dialogue: Amelia: Just wanted to say again, thank you so much for coming to Elliot's birthday party. He loved it! 
Lindsay: No worries, Finlay had a lovely time! thanks for having us!
Amelia: it wouldn't be the same without you guys xx
Lindsay: glad he had a good time! x
Summary: Lindsay and Finlay enjoyed Elliot's birthday party. Amelia is grateful they came.
Dialogue: Jane: Hey gang! Any book suggestions for our next meeting?
Amanda: I suggest "Snow" by Orhan Pamuk
Linda: Sounds good to me.
Jane: Any other suggestions?
Candy: Anna Karenina
Amanda: I'd prefer something I haven't read yet.
Candy: OK. Let's read "Snow".
Summary: Jane, Amanda, Linda and Candy are planning to read "Snow" by Orhan Pamuk for their next meeting. 
Dialogue: Beth: What time is the movie?
Miranda: 7
Beth: shit I'm late!
Miranda: don't worry the commercials takes half an hour
Beth: right okay I'm getting home now, changing real quick and I'm on my way
Miranda: I'l save you a sit
Beth: thanks!
Miranda: want some popcorn?
Summary: The movie starts at 7 and Beth is late. Miranda will keep a seat for her. 
Dialogue: Ted: Are you feeling any better?
Caroline: Not much, I hope the painkillers I just took will help.
Ted: Can I do something?
Caroline: No, thank you, sweetie, I have to get through the night and it will get better.
Ted: Ok, if you need anything, just tell me.
Caroline: Sure, honey. <3 Love you to the moon and back
Summary: Caroline is not feeling well and has just taken painkillers. Caroline will tell Ted if she needs anything.
Dialogue: Kylie: How is your finger, dear?
Maggie: Much better, thanks
Kylie: I am so relieved, it didn't look good.
Maggie: I know. It was so stupid to put my hand inside.
Kylie: Luckily everything ended well.
Maggie: :*
Summary: Kylie has injured her finger but is feeling better now.
Dialogue: Yves: honestly I'm going to uninstall this game
Paul: what happened this time?
Yves: I keep getting into matches with toxic players
Paul: just ignore them
Paul: they're not worth your time
Yves: yeah, I know
Yves: but it still pisses me off
Paul: not only you
Paul: I've run out of space in my "avoid player" list
Yves: that usually happens within the first day of each week :P
Paul: true
Summary: Yves plans to uninstall his game due to the matches with the toxic players.
Dialogue: Dave: Fancy a drink tonight?
Mikey: Nope.
Mikey: Spending this night with my lady.
Mikey: Next time!
Dave: Have fun!
Summary: Mikey is spending tonight with his lady and can't have a drink with Dave.
Dialogue: Billy: Hey
Billy: Did you manage to post my article?
Doreen: Hey. Yeah I did
Doreen: But there were some corrections that I did
Billy: Ooh. Sorry for any inconveniences I caused
Doreen: It is nothing. This is your first article
Doreen: You will adapt as we progress
Doreen: BTW I have a tutorial on how you should draft the piece/
Doreen: What is your email so I can send it to you?
Billy: It is Billy****@Gmail.com
Doreen: Okay. Give me some minutes then I will send it to you.
Billy: Okay thanks
Doreen: You are welcome.
Summary: Doreen managed to post Billy's article but she had to do some corrections to it.
Dialogue: Constanza: I was wondering.....
Constanza: How could people live without washing machine old times?😓
Euvenia: Well I guess they spent whole day washing the clothes by a brook
Constanza: Like the people still doing in India?🐍🐍
Euvenia: Yea but why suddenly are you talking about that?😮
Constanza: Our washing machine stopped working(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
Euvenia: Aha that's why hahahaha😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Constanza: Don't laugh it is a serious problem
Constanza: Now I should wash everything by my hands （ ´Д｀）
Constanza: Even if I wear rubber gloves
Constanza: I cannot squeeze it properly like washing machine does(´；ω；`)
Constanza: And the worst thing is, my husband's shirts(´；ω；`)
Euvenia: Even shirts? Did you call a repair guy? ヽ(´ー｀)┌
Constanza: Yes he will come next week
Constanza: ....Which means I should do this nonsense till he comes（　ﾟДﾟ）
Euvenia: Why don't you ask your husband to fix?
Constanza: I tried already(￣ー￣)
Constanza: It was he who said we need repair guy(￣ー￣)
Euvenia: Hahahaha XD
Summary: Constanza's washing machine stopped working. She is not used to washing in hands. The technician is scheduled for the next week.
Dialogue: Mark Smith: I would like to inform you that your account has been suspended.
Joseph Miley: Thank you for the information, but could you please give me the reason for my account suspension?
Mark Smith: I am sorry to inform you, but you have exceeded the number of transactions made throughout our portal.
Joseph Miley: Thank you for the information. 
Summary: Joseph Miley's account has been suspended as he has exceeded the number of transactions. 
Dialogue: Alvaro: How was your day?
Paulina: Good, went to the gym, did some shopping, studied a bit ^^
Alvaro: A busy day!
Paulina: Haha it’s nothing, no work so I consider it to be pretty chill :D
Alvaro: ;)
Summary: Paulina went to the gym, did some shopping and studied today.
Dialogue: Jessica: Rob, you idiot! Why did you tell Kathy that Lucy was pregnat? It was supposed to be a secret!
Robert: Sorry, I had no bloody idea as NOBODY told me to keep it secret!
Jessica: You always need to babble something out
Robert: But Lucy was pretty open about that the bun is in the oven :D
Jessica: 'cause we are friends with her, and Kathy is not
Robert: I feel bad now, thanks for ruining my day
Summary: Jessica is angry at Robert because he told Kathy that Lucy was pregnant. Robert feels bad as he did not know it was a secret. 
Dialogue: Donna: please be punctual, it starts at 8
Leo: ok
Donna: if youre late were gonna go in without you
Leo: Im almost there
Summary: Leo is almost there. If he's late, Donna will go without him. 
Dialogue: Paul: yo
Paul: lemme know when ur there
Paul: <file_photo>
Cindy: omg i love donuts <file_gif>
Paul: they're all waiting 4 u babe
Cindy: hehe thanks my love
Cindy: be there in 5
Summary: Cindy will be there in 5 minutes. There are donuts waiting for her. She loves donuts.
Dialogue: George: once again, where are we meeting?
Matt: at the pub near Jerry’s
Jerry: yep, that’s the place
Summary: George, Matt and Jerry are meeting up at the pub near Jerry’s.
Dialogue: Janny: SORRY SORRY SORRY but we can't meet this afternoon. Have to work.
Pipa: WTF?
Janny: Those photos I edited last night. That old bitch doesn't like them.
Pipa: Tell her to get stuffed.
Janny: Can't! Need the bread.
Pipa: Work for someone else you moron. They just using you.
Janny: Fuck you know about it. You never worked in your life.
Pipa: And not gonna to! ROTFL
Janny: Anyway. Am not coming today.
Pipa: Even later? When finished?
Janny: Maybe but can't say when.
Pipa: Doesn't matter. But come PLEASE
Janny: Will do my best. ILY
Pipa: KFY
Summary: Janny can't meet Pipa as Janny has a lot of work with the photos he edited last night. Pipa suggests that Janny changes his job but it's not easy. He promises to come to Pippa if possible.
Dialogue: Mehdi: Do you have Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts signed and sealed? 
Annie: You asking me? 
Annie: haha Idk 
Mehdi: It's important
Mehdi: Like I need it rn 
Annie: Well I saw it yesterday 
Annie: On you desk 
Mehdi: Someone took it away from me
Annie: Oh jesus idk 
Annie: Didn't you secure it somewhere 
Annie: before you left? 
Mehdi: I think I did 
Mehdi: Oh I remeber
Mehdi: I gave it to Marc to store it in his closet
Mehdi: I was hurried
Annie: Well make sure you don't lose it
Annie: How many documents? 
Mehdi: Like 5
Mehdi: Okay thanks tho
Summary: Mehdi gave Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts to Marc to store. Annie wants Mehdi to make sure they are secure.
Dialogue: Irena: guys i was expecting more then a blue eye coments 😂 Dont you see the poor man needs an oxygen?
Steven: Yes, true, but, the positioning of your hands in this photo just makes the "blue eyes" comment seem sooooo appropriate :)
Kim: I agree with you 😊
Irena: Steven too easy 😋
Irena: it looks like im holding an invisible beer glass, waithing for Mario to get back at dancing
Steven: Well it certainly does look like you wore him out :)
Summary: Irena has shared a photo with Steven and Kim. Irena's friends commented on the photo with the "blue eyes" comment. The man in the picture with Irena looks tired.
Dialogue: Chris: <file_photo>
Jason: Lovely weather
Beatriz: Really? Here in Cambridge it's raining cats and dogs :-(
Beatriz: <file_photo>
Jason: Not in London
Chris: I'm taking my dogs for a walk.
Jason: Enjoy!
Beatriz: I'm in the library...
Jason: Oh no! Even on Saturday?
Beatriz: PhD life...
Jason: :-(
Beatriz: Ahhhh it's not that bad :-)
Jason: Have a lovely weekend both of you!
Beatriz: Thanks, you too!
Summary: Beatriz is in Cambridge and it's raining heavily there. She's in the library studying for her PhD. In Chris' place the weather is lovely. 
Dialogue: Eve: When will you be home?
Tom: an hour tops
Leslie: we're waiting with the dinner
Tom: I'm doing my best
Summary: Eve and Leslie are waiting for Tom with the dinner. He'll be home in about an hour.
Dialogue: Noah: Hi dad how are you doing now?
William: i am fine son how are you?
Noah: i am good dad.. Mom told me you fell and became unconscious in mall?
William: ah! i told her not to tell you its nothing dear .. 
Noah: Dad..  please tell me.. 
William: look your there for your studies ... work hard and dont worry about us.. i can take care of everything
Noah: Dad but you and mom are very important to me.. you have done so much for me i cant leave you like this
William: but i am fine son it is nothing serious it was just low blood pressure
Noah: dad you are very important to me please let me come back i will continue my studies there
William: no son its the best university of country you worked really hard to get admission there i dont want to be hurdle 
Noah: DAD! please you can never be.. and my dream is to see you and mom happy and nothing else
William: we are happy and would be happier to see you succeeding and achieving your dreams
Noah: dad please
William:  Noah! look my dear its nothing serious, i am seeing doctor in few days if anything serious would come up i would call you here but till then concentrate on your studies.
Noah: ok dad but please you have to see doctor and tell me honestly what he says.. and i will come there during holidays and we will see doctor.. no excusee
William: ok son .. right now just work hard towards your dreams
Noah: yes dad! you will be proud of me
William: i am proud of you son
Noah: love you dad take care please
William: love you too son.. 
Summary: William became unconscious in mall due to low blood pressure. Noah worries about him. Noah wants to come back and continue studies there. William doesn't approve of that idea. He will see a doctor in few days.
Dialogue: Matt: We ran out of sugar.
Nicky: I'll buy some after work. 
Matt: Thanks ;*
Nicky: Anything else we need?
Matt: Nope, that's all, honey :*
Summary: Nicky and Matt ran out of sugar. Nicky will buy some after work. 
Dialogue: Sam: have you heard about this guy:
Sam: <file_other> George Weah
Liam: He's a famous footballer
Terry: hahah, and a president of a country?
Leo: quite cool
Liam: but makes sense in these days, with the cult of celebrities, right?
Liam: so many former TV celebrates in parliaments all over the world
Sam: but it's fascinating, I've never heard of him before
Liam: he was a striker
Liam: "He is regarded as one of the best players never to have played in a World Cup"
Liam: as your link says
Sam: did he play for Liberia?
Liam: yes, on international level he played for Liberia
Terry: yes, but I think he was in Milano and Monaco
Liam: yeah, I think so
Liam: 1995 he was name FIFA World Player of the Year
Sam: so he was probably a national hero before he became the president of the country
Liam: I imagine
Sam: it was in 2018, still fresh
Summary: George Weah was a striker and in 2018 he was elected a president of Liberia. He played for Liberia, Milano and Monaco. In 1995 he was FIFA World Player of the Year.
Dialogue: Britney: did you sell your dress yet ? 
Casey: which one?
Britney: the green one you wore on Dannys birthday party
Casey: <file_photo>
Britney: yes that one !!
Casey: come and try it on tomorrow, i can sell it to you for a bottle of wine :*
Summary: Casey is selling her green dress. Britney is interested in it. Casey is offering to sell it to her for a bottle of wine. Britney can come and try it on tomorrow.
Dialogue: Jane: Hey Stacy, can you go to the store for me?
Stacy: Sure Mom. What do you need?
Jane: Just a couple things, here's a list.
Stacy: Is there anything else that you want me to pick up?
Jane: No, I think that's all that I need.
Stacy: Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you?
Jane: If you can, could you pick up my prescription for me?
Stacy: Sure, no problem. Is it ready?
Jane: I think so. It should be.
Stacy: Okay, I'll pick it up for you.
Jane: Thank you so much xx
Summary: Stacy will go to the store and buy Jane a couple things. She will also pick up Jane's prescription.
Dialogue: Kylie: Big RIP I just spilled coffee all over my computer
Emery: Awww bb I’m sorry
Kylie: I hate this day sm
Emery: me too… my mf history teacher forgot to give me my assignment and today he’s yelled at me for not doing it
Kylie: it’s so gd annoying
Emery: savage
Summary: Kylie is having a bad day as she spilled coffee all over her computer. Emery is also unhappy as his teacher yelled at him for not doing an assignment Emery was actually not given.
Dialogue: Mila: I have some exciting (for me at least) news 😀
Ellie: Go on, tell me
Mila: I’ve bought a new laptop!
Ellie: And what about the old one? From what I remember it was pretty good
Mila: Well, a terrible thing happened 😕 I was cleaning it the other day, and I guess the cloth I was cleaning it with must have been too wet or something, because the keyboard died ;( 
Mila: RIP keyboard
Ellie: Yeah ;(
Ellie: And how is the new one?
Mila: Oh, I haven’t got it yet, but I’m pretty excited 😀 It cost me a fortune, BUT I really believe it’s worth it
Ellie: Ok, so tell me about the specs
Mila: It has 8th gen processor (i7), 16gb RAM, 120gb SSD and 1t HDD
Ellie: What about the graphics card?
Mila: Oh, it’s geforce 1060, so it could have been better, but still I think it’s decent enough
Ellie: So how much does it cost? 
Mila: 1650$
Ellie: That’s a lot
Mila: Yeah, I know… but hopefully it will serve me a couple of years
Ellie: Yeah, hopefully… have you thought about an upgrade?
Mila: Well, I was thinking about buying some extra RAM, but I’m not an expert, and I’m afraid I’m going to beak something
Ellie: And what about warranty?
Mila: You can open the laptop for sure 😀 you just can’t break anything
Ellie: Well, I got to run, but I will write to you later
Mila: Yeah, bye 😊
Summary: Mila bought a new laptop for $1650 as in her previous one the keypad died. Mila's new laptop has the 8th generation processor (i7), 16gb RAM, 120gb SSD, 1t HDD and the graphics card is geforce 1060.
Dialogue: Ruth: Hiya, how's it going?
Jasmine: ok, ta! You?
Ruth: yeah good, just wanted to check if you would countersign Alex's passport photos?
Jasmine: no worries, when do you need them done?
Ruth: whenever really, getting them taken this afternoon, so anytime after that.
Jasmine: do you wanna pop round tomorrow after the school run?
Ruth: that would be fab, thanks!
Jasmine: no worries, see you tomorrow!
Ruth: see you then babe!
Summary: Jasmine will countersign Alex's passport photos. Ruth will bring the photos to her tomorrow after the school run. 
Dialogue: Hanna: heyyy
Emma: heyyyoo
Hanna: whats upp :)
Emma: Not so much! just watching youtube hah 
Hanna: oh yea what u watching?
Emma: Jake Paul lol
Hanna: ahh you like him??
Emma: ehh kinda but I watched Shawn Dawson video on him and I loved it so I thought I give him a try lol 
Hanna: ahh yes I watched those to it was soo good I really liked it 
Emma: did you watch the jeffery star one? 
Hanna: gurrll
Emma: hahah
Hanna: yes I watched it its crazy how much money that guy has haha
Emma: rigghhhttt thats what I was saying I didn't think he was that rich haha :P
Hanna: me either! XDD
Summary: Emma is watching Jake Paul on youtube because she liked Shawn Dawson's video on him. Hanna also liked Shawn's videos, e.g., about Jeffree Star, who is surprisingly rich.
Dialogue: Adrian: <file_other>
Adrian: If you will ever think about buying me any gift, please take this under special cosideration
Jim: What's that?
Adrian: Lunchpad
Adrian: For making music
Jim: Aaaah I know.
Adrian: Check this out
Adrian: <file_other>
Summary: Adrian wants to get a lunchpad.
Dialogue: Yuki: did you see the cast for new GITS?
Nobu: yes
Nobu: wtf
Sasuke: what's up with GITS cast?
Yuki: Scarlett Johansson is in there
Nobu: this is ridiculous
Sasuke: she is not bad maybe she won't screw it up
Yuki: she's there just because there are nude scenes
Nobu: as fap material it's nice, but it's a travesty
Yuki: lol
Yuki: you're a curious mix of a pervert and a snob
Sasuke: but GITS isn't explicitly set in Japan
Nobu: thank you
Nobu: c'mon dude you cannot possibly defend whitewashing
Yuki: she's not a good actress
Yuki: I doubt she'll manage
Sasuke: if it's not a real world, then it's not whitewashing 
Sasuke: but don't u think it gives white actors some kind of privilege?
Nobu: excellent question Yuki
Nobu: I can't tell if it's white privilege or rocking-tits privilege
Sasuke: lol
Yuki: <file_photo>
Yuki: I heard she did breat reduction surgery because she couldn't stand being objectified
Nobu: that's sad
Sasuke: I heard that operation lowers your chances of nipple orgasm
Nobu: I had no idea 
Yuki: damn, she must have really hated the press she had been receiving
Nobu: :c
Summary: Yuki, Nobu and Sasuke discuss the new GITS cast, which includes Scarlett Johansson. 
Dialogue: Taby: Happy birthday angellla!!!! many happy returns of the day hope you have a good one xxxxx
Angella: Thanks love. how are you btw? where have you been?
Taby: yeah.. i am ok.. you know busy with studies and job what about you?
Angella: same.. life is so busy.. we always talk on birthdays :D:d
Taby: i know thats so sad.. remember when we were small we use to write letters to each other
Angella: yes i still have those letters with me.. those were the days man!!
Taby: yeah! now we are just a message away still we dont message each other... 
Angella: yup!  only twice in a year ... :(:(
Taby: i know so sad!
Angella: when are you coming now? its been a decade .. plan a vacation in your hometown now...
Taby: yeah we are planning to visit this summer ..
Angella:  wow thats awesome ... you will stay at my place
Taby: i am sorry i wish i could but we are coming to see my granny, will be staying there but its not too far we can meet everyday
Angella: ohh ok but atleast stay over one day atleast will watch movie together and eat pizza and nachos like those old days and call emily, stephy and all
Taby: sounds great cant wait now
Angella: same here :) 
Taby: anyways enjoy your birthday have fun
Angella: thanks lot .. you made my day 
Taby: my pleasure sweety gtg now study time
Angella: Sure good luck for ur exams 
Taby: thanks bye
Angella: byee kissesss 
Summary: Angella has a birthday. Angella and Taby used to write letters to each other and now they message twice a year. Taby is planning vacation in her hometown this summer. Taby will stay at her granny's but may stay over at Angella's for one day. 
Dialogue: Elie:  So you're in NY now... welcome !
Bob: yep, it's great to be here at last
Elie: How is your hotel?
Bob: it's fine, my room is nice
Elie: Do you have a nice view from your window?
Bob: i can see plenty of buildings...
Elie: i'll come and pick you up at 9am . I'll want you to  meet my team and Barbara. Do you remember her? 
Bob: Uhh, sorry!
Elie: No i'm the one who  is sorry, You must be tired
Bob: yes i'm , a bit.
Elie: True, it's 2 am in London....
Bob: yes i need to go to bed. I'm too tired to go down and have diner
Elie: you're right, it's time to go  to bed. I'll wait for you tomorrow at your hotel
Bob: Perfect, thanks
Elie: just one thing
Bob: What's that?
Elie: Don' t be late... lol. Will you be ok in the tube?
Bob: i'll take a cab
Elie: ok but in this case, you'd better leave earlier
Bob: Right i forgot about this tremendous traffic in NY city
Elie: Fine, it's gonna be great to see you again
Bob: yes, i'm happy to see you too, tomorrow
Elie: have a good night
Bob: good night
Summary: Bob is in New York. Elie will come and pick him up from his hotel at 9 am tomorrow. He will meet her team and Barbara. 
Dialogue: Ethan: recommend a movie please
Ethan: I can't stand another shitty production and I know you've seen everything :D
Joe: hmmmmmmmmm
Joe: what are you in mood for?
Ethan: I'm thinking a thriller
Ethan: not too scary cause Angie freaks out when she sees too much blood
Joe: haha okay
Ethan: available on netflix
Joe: :D I'm gonna charge you for my advice
Ethan: :D
Joe: do you like oldies?
Ethan: oldies like 1940s? or 1990s? Or 5 year old movies?
Joe: 1990s
Ethan: yes very much
Joe: primal fear then. a bit gory at the beginning but really good
Ethan: who's in it?
Joe: Richard Gere and young Edward Norton!
Ethan: wow sounds great I'll check it out
Joe: let me know if you like it :)
Summary: Joe recommends Primal Fear with Rechard Gere and Edward Norton to Ethan.
Dialogue: Doreen: Honey, could you be so nice to make me a coffee
Jason: Why can't you do it by yourself?
Doreen: Thanks, honey, you're so sweet :000
Summary: Doreen wants Jason to make some coffee for her. 
Dialogue: Martha: Love you!
Joshua: Love you too!
Martha: I love you more! LOL!
Joshua: To to the moon and back! LOL!
Summary: Martha and Joshua love each other.
Dialogue: Arturo: <file_photo>
Talia: Ah I love all the sea views
Arturo: I do too, it really is great. I'm home now though.
Talia: I wish to live in a place with such a view
Arturo: That's the bay of Maputo.
Talia: Really nice
Arturo: When are you off to Faro?
Talia: In September
Arturo: That's around the time I'll be in Lisbon.
Summary: Arturo send Talia a photo of the Maputo Bay. Talia's going to Faro in September, Arturo will be then in Lisbon.
Dialogue: Dianne: i can't believe what andy told me yesterday at lunch
Barrett: what did he said
Dianne: he told me he was making a lot of money
Dianne: that's really tacky and gross :-/
Barrett: lol you know andy
Barrett: he's always been like that
Dianne: showing off about doing great in school and how many girls you've dated is one thing
Dianne: but talking about money and how rich you are... i don't like that
Barrett: how did the conversation come up anyway?
Dianne: it was time to pay and i forgot my purse
Dianne: and he was like don't worry i know you're going throug a rough time
Dianne: wtf
Dianne: that's when he said lunch was on him
Dianne: because he's supposedly making a lot of money $$$
Barrett: lol calm down that's andy
Barrett: he's always been like this he'll always be like this
Dianne: i guess so
Dianne: he just makde me feel that crap :-(
Barrett: don't worry about it
Barrett: just let it go
Barrett: it's really not important lol :-D
Dianne: hahaha i know
Dianne: you're right
Dianne: i'm still pissed off though!!! lol
Summary: Yesterday Dianne ate lunch with Andy. Dianne forgot her purse, so Andy offered to pay, because he's earning a lot of money. He has always liked showing off.
Dialogue: Norman: Hello. Are you open tonight?
Mr. Blackwell: Hello. Yes, we are. 
Norman: Great! Can I make a reservation?
Mr. Blackwell: Of course. What time would be suitable for you?
Norman: 7:30.
Mr. Blackwell: Very well. And can I take your name?
Norman: Norman Jackson.
Mr. Blackwell: Certainly. A table for two?
Norman: As a matter of fact, for 4.
Mr. Blackwell: Of course. Any preferences for your seating?
Norman: By the window if that's possible.
Mr. Blackwell: Certainly. I've reserved a table for 4 for 7:30 by the window.
Summary: Norman is booking a table for 4 for 7:30 by the window.
Dialogue: John: hey bud
Alex: sup
John: wanna go to a hockey game tm?
Alex: hell yeah
John: awesome I got free tickets so we don't. have to pay
Alex: even better what time is it ?
John: 7pm
Alex: great I can meet you there 
Summary: John got free tickets for a hockey game at 7 pm tomorrow. He will go together with Alex.
Dialogue: Dan: Where are we meeting?
Arabella: at the main gate of Jesus College 
Matteo: I overslept! Sorry!
Matteo: will be late about 15min
Arabella: ok, but hurry up, the bus won't wait and it's at 10
Dan: it doesn't make sense for me to got to Jesus College, we'll meet at the station 
Arabella: as you prefer, so maybe I'll just go directly there as well
Dan: Matteo, so don't go to Jesus College, come to the station
Matteo: Understood. Should I take some sandwiches?
Dan: Sure, we're going to wander for a few hours
Matteo: ok
Arabella: I have a lot of food, so if you have no time, just come to the station
Matteo: so nice of you!
Summary: Dan, Arabella and Matteo were going to meet at Jesus College and take the bus. Matteo would be 15 minutes late. The group decides to meet at the station instead. Arabella brought lots of food for their tour, so Matteo doesn't need to take more. 
Dialogue: Bella: What are you doing??
Michael: Smoking weed .. Getting high.. Nothing much todo in life..
Bella: Oh Michael.. You and your weed... I am coming to your home..
Michael: But why?? Everything allright..
Bella: I don't have anything to do.. Lets go and play FIFA in Richard's home..
Michael: NO!! let me enjoy my weed...
Bella: I know you are not that high.. if you were, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now...
Michael: Okay okay.. Come on
Summary: Michael is smoking weed. Bella wants to visit him.
Dialogue: Burt: Man, I watched Avatar again after all these years and it's still cool
Joe: I don't like it, the visuals are stunning but the story is as painfully predictable as a full bladder in the morning XD
Burt: Lol, I know, but I still like it a lot
Joe: Yeah, it's watchable, let's say it's not gold but it's not crap either
Summary: Burt rewatched "Avatar" and enjoyed it very much. Joe likes the visuals of the movie but not the story.
Dialogue: Erica: girls, I'm worried again
Jenny: about Paul?
Ann: I'm sure it's about Paul again
Erica: yes, it is:(
Jenny: what's happened or what hasn't happened?
Erica: he's against so distant and cold, it's very tiring for me, emotionally exhausting
Jenny: Anything happened?
Erica: Christmas, he went to his parents. I know it's very difficult for him. He is always very crestfallen there
Erica: but he doesn't want to share, we haven't talked on the phone for days
Erica: And of course he has never told me he loves me
Jenny: but do you really need these words?
Erica: When they are not there, they turn out to be important 
Erica: and my previous boyfriend was the same. I'd like to hear it from somebody, finally
Ann: you've been together less than a year, maybe he needs some more time?
Erica: maybe, but on Friday I'm going to go there finally and stay at his place
Erica: And I'm not sure of anything again
Jenny: I imagine, it's hard to say
Jenny: I would just suggest to observe - him and yourself, your own needs and feeling
Jenny: it is easy to forget about oneself in this situation, when we are so concerned with another person
Jenny: but try, it's worth it
Erica: I know
Summary: Erica is worried about Paul. He's distant and cold and they haven't talked on the phone for days. He has never told her that he loves her, but they've only been together for less than a year.
Dialogue: Dan: Hey dad!
Dad: You want money right
Dan: NO xD
Dan: okay yeah :3
Dad: i will transfer it to your account
Dan: youre the best
Summary: Dad will send Dan some money.
Dialogue: Christina: fml
Dana: what happened?
Roxy: sup
Christina: it was just the worst day.. :(
Roxy: Tell us
Christina: My boss yelled at me when I arrived, because he seems to think there's something wrong with the reports from last week (and trust me the whole team triple-checked everything, so there can't be anything possibly wrong with them).
Dana: Poor thing ;(
Christina: I had this fucking headache the whole day after that. Then I got my period.
Christina: Then I missed the bus and there was some accident on the way so the next one came 40 fucking minutes later...
Roxy: Damn..
Dana: so sorry...
Christina: And then when I came back, just as a cherry on top, my landlord kicked me out of the apartment <file_gif>
Roxy: wtf
Dana: What??? omg do you have a place to stay?
Christina: to be precise I have a month to vacate the apartment, so it's not like he kicked me out effective immediately
Dana: phew...
Christina: but still, after such a shitty day, to hear you have to find something new, after just 6 months it's just aaaarrrghhh!
Roxy: Do you have any ideas where to look?
Christina: there are some portals, but apartment hunting in this city is not easy...
Dana: I'm sure you'll find something ;*
Christina: Girls, I'm sorry, I'm just here bitching and whining, but I just needed to get this off my chest
Dana: no worries, honey
Roxy: Whenever you feel like bitching, we're here for you. And if you want to meet in person, I'm sure we can figure something out.
Christina: Thank you, gals ;*
Dana: sending virtual hugs <file_gif>
Roxy: <file_gif>
Summary: Christina had a bad day - her boss yelled at her, she had a headache, got her period, missed a bus, and was kicked out of the apartment by a landlord.
Dialogue: Hobbs: We wish you a merry Christmas and happy New Year!
Hobbs: <file_photo>
Tracy: We too send you our best season's greetings! All the very best to you, intrepid travelers!
Hobbs: Thank you!
Summary: Hobbs and Tracy exchanged Holiday greetings.
Dialogue: Lisa: Hi, what’s up?
Tom: I’m doing fine, I’m a bit stressed because of the holidays.
Lisa: Why, what’s wrong, I’d thought you should be happy.
Tom: Nope. It gives me goose bumps. 
Lisa: Man, what’s sooo wrong about Christmas? 
Tom: Everything, if you want to know my opinion.
Lisa: Really? Just think about it, Christmas, family, delicious food, gifts… 
Tom: Yeah, gifts. I hate buying gifts for everyone. 
Lisa: oh, c’mon, you shouldn’t worry too much. 
Tom: I’ve got no idea what to buy!
Lisa: O, give me a break.. just buy some sweets, maybe chocolate Santa;-)
Tom: No, I don’t wanna do it. Everybody’s trying to lose weight in my family;-)
Lisa: Oh, I bet they will;-) Right for the Christmas season… 
Tom: It’s not funny. You know?
Lisa: OK, so buy just one gift for everyone.
Tom: Like what???
Lisa: I’ve got an idea. Just call me later I’ll tell you what to do. 
Tom: All right, I hope it’s gonna be something.. 
Summary: Tim hates Christmas. He can't buy gifts. He can't buy his family any sweets. His family is on diet. Lisa will advise him what to do later. 
Dialogue: Misty: <file_video>
Misty: the FORBIDDEN Independence March led by hundred-percenters
Ben: oh shiet
Ben: there are like thousands of people there :o
Rebecca: oh my....it looks dangerous
Misty: the best thing is that there are two marches
Misty: the first one led by the government and this one which began like 20min after it
Ben: I've just seen the instastory of my friend and she's there right now
Ben: she's on a wheelchair...I admire her bravery
Misty: for me any kind of a march is ok, but if you do it on purpose and if you do it right
Misty: unfortunately the majority of these people don't even understand the slogans and quotes they're chanting
Ben: yeah...a bald guy chanting "God, Honor, Homeland" who probably doesn't even go to church on Sunday
Rebecca: I'd never take part in such a thing, it's too dangerous, how is it even possible for these people to see anything if they're walking through the red smoke????????
Ben: well, they're going in one direction so maybe they just don't give a fuck and move forward
Rebecca: probably...
Misty: I'm curious how many people this year will be injured after this march is over...they sometimes trample each other hairlessly
Ben: I hope that nobody. But as we all know the truth is different...we will see
Ben: btw, i there any shop open on Monday? 
Misty: I'm afraid you gotta wait until Tuesday, but it depends on what you need actually
Ben: I don't know, maybe some beer, chips or whatever
Rebecca: I recommend going to the petrol station
Ben: oh, you're right
Ben: girls, maybe some beer today?
Misty: I'm home, maybe on Wednesday
Rebecca: unfortunately I'm home too :/ but I'd opt for Wednesday as well
Ben: ok, we're in touch then
Summary: Misty thinks any march is ok if it has a purpose and is done right. Ben admires his friend's bravery as she's a wheelchair user. Rebecca would never take part in such a thing. Rebecca, Misty and Ben want to meet up on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Irene: You know, Im reading this at the moment:
Irene: https://www.amazon.com/History-Mountaineering-Adventures-Stefano-Ardito/dp/8880955101
George: impressive! :O
George: I guess you've always been interested in it
Irene: True
Irene: I find it really cool
Ralph: must be exciting :)
Irene: it is! 
Irene: I can lend you when I finish
Ralph: would be nice, thanks!
Summary: Irene enjoys a book titled History of Great the Mountaineering Adventures. She wants to lend this book to Ralph.
Dialogue: Lucy: I think I found it!!!
Hannah: the dress??
Lucy: Yep, it's gorgeous! And it's ON SALE!
Hannah: Can it BE any better? Lol 
Lucy: Chandler, right?
Hannah: exactly. :D so show meeeee!
Lucy: OK, OK, chill :D <file_video>
Hannah: omg, you're stunning!! It moves!
Lucy: Right? And it feels great too!
Hannah: congrats, you're gonna be the most beautiful bride EVER!!
Lucy: Awwww, thanks, sis ;**
Summary: Lucy found a chandler dress on sale that fits her for her wedding. 
Dialogue: Chloe: Don't forget to print that.
Drew: shoot
Drew: I don't have printer
Eric: relax man, I can print it for ya
Drew: thanks dude
Summary: Eric can print something for Drew, because Drew doesn't have a printer.
Dialogue: Robin: Mum, what are we going to do tomorrow ?
Britney: We have to go shopping, our fridge is empty
Robin: Again ? We were already last week !
Britney: You and your sister devour everything in the fridge, so I spend all my time in the supermarket :)
Robin: OK, I will help you, but can we do something fine afterwards ?
Britney: OK, there was a dog show downtown, we could go there
Robin: Thank you mum, you know I love dogs
Britney: And we could go to the restaurant to end the day
Robin: And may I have ice cream for dessert ?
Britney: If you help me with shopping
Robin: OK, I will go with you to the supermarket, afterwards we will see the dog show and at the end we go to the restaurant and I'll get an ice cream
Britney: Sounds great, doesn't it ?
Robin: Sure ! 
Summary: Robin and Britney are going grocery shopping tomorrow. They will go to a dog show downtown and to the restaurant afterwards. 
Dialogue: Thomas: Where is the shop you told me about?
Joseph: the bicycle workshop?
Thomas: I think so, the one where they can look at my bike and told me what's wrong with the gears
Richard: Crane Lane 5
Richard: But told them you bought it there, so they will feel obliged to help you
Thomas: won't they recognise it's not from there?
Richard: no, not at all, they've had thousands of bikes of this brand
Thomas: ok!
Summary: Thomas's bicycle is broken. He will go to a bicycle workshop on Crane Lane 5.
Dialogue: Andy: Do u know where Hannah is?
Mike: She was arranged with Suzan today. They wanted to go shopping.
Andy: Oh I see. It means she will not come back soon
Summary: Hannah and Suzan had plans to go shopping together today.
Dialogue: Hal: I feel sorry for Betty
Madchen: For what? 
Hal: She didnt come one time to that meeting
Hal: They didnt let her in
Madchen: Oh nooo! 
Madchen: Is she in trouble? 
Hal: I think she is 
Madchen: Jeez I hope shes fine
Hal: Hope so too 
Summary: Betty didn't come to that meeting one time, because they didn't let her in. She might be in trouble.
Dialogue: Sara: I’ll come a bit later :/
John: Ok
Sara: I’m stuck in traffic....................
John: :/
Sara: It must have been an accident or sth
John: We’ll wait, don’t bother
Summary: Sara will be late, she's stuck in traffic.
Dialogue: Jackson: do you have any photos from last night?
Andy: <file_photo>
Andy: <file_photo>
Andy: <file_photo>
Summary: Andy sends Jackson some photos from last night. 
Dialogue: Dennis: Don't forget to carry my power-bank with you
Dennis: My phone is almost out on power
Maggie: Yeah sure I will
Summary: Dennis' phone battery is very low. Maggie will bring Dennis' power bank with her. 
Dialogue: Elisabeth: I would like you to stop contacting my boyfriend 
Mary: I'd like you to stop contacting me
Elisabeth: I don't care
Mary: Talk to my ass. you're blocked
Summary: Elisabeth wants Mary to stop contacting her boyfriend. Mary blocks Elisabeth.
Dialogue: George: I might've mentioned it before, but my son has just been born.
George: Come to my home and bring any alcohol you have
Fred: On my way then.
Fred: Congratulations!!
George: Don't congratulate - just come here mate!!!
Fred: Ok ok. I'll get some booze and go to you asap.
George: That's great!
George: I've never felt so happy in my life!
George: I HAVE A SON!!!
Fred: :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Summary: George's son has just been born. George wants to celebrate with Fred. 
Dialogue: Elisabeth: Let's meet tonight!
Ellen: yes, we've already planned with Jeff to have a beer night at the new Belgian bar downtown
Jeremy: Can we join then?
Ellen: Lol, of course
Ellen: I was to ask you anyway
Jeff: Yes, the more the better, let's invade them
Elisabeth: what time should we meet there?
Jeff: around 8, but let's take it easy
Jeremy: Perfect
Summary: Elisabeth, Ellen, Jeff and Jeremy will have a beer night at the new Belgian bar downtown around 8 pm tonight.
Dialogue: Eugene: I gotta go on paid vacay
Mark: What on Earth you talkin bout?
Eugene: They are sending me from work, I haven’t used it ever, didn’t even know about it
Daisy: WTF that’s awesome, I want that too
Mark: Yeah, sure, you better start working finally, then think of vacay
Summary: Eugene is sent from work to go on paid vacation.
Dialogue: Sweeny: I can't find the chord to Cocaine, any ideas?
Donna: B flat? When all else fails? LOL!
Sweeny: Never mind I'll Google it!
Summary: Sweeny asks Donna about the chord to Cocaine.
