Dialogue: Elsie: What's for dinner, mum?
Rachel: I'm not sure, ask your dad ;-)
Elsie: How about a pizza?
Rachel: You had pizza for lunch.
Elsie: But I love pizza.
Rachel: Everybody loves pizza.
Elsie: So why can't I have pizza for dinner?
Rachel: Because you need variety.
Elsie: Which is... ?
Rachel: Different things—not the same thing all the time.
Elsie: You mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?
Rachel: No, I mean a salad instead of a pizza:-) Come downstairs, we’ll figure it out together;-)
Summary: Elsie wants pizza for dinner even though she had it for lunch. Rachel wants some variety for her. 
Dialogue: Ben: Mr. Bradley wasn't fair at all...
Carl: He is very strict.
Derek: Right, you have to be extremely precise about definitions.
Ben: I noticed.
Summary: Carl and Derek explain to Ben that Mr. Bradley is strict and requires precise definitions.
Dialogue: Blaire: hello buddy
Jack: hey
Blaire: what's up?
Jack: homework
Blaire: when will you finish?
Jack: i need two hours
Blaire: will you go jogging wih me?
Jack: jogging?
Jack: you?
Blaire: im too fat xd
Jack: i will join you in the park
Jack: cause you will be there, right?
Blaire: yeah, see yo there
Summary: Jack will finish doing his homework in 2 hours. Jack and Blaire will go jogging in the park together.
Dialogue: Bob: Y not ask them? ;)
Clair: U mean like reply to a spam mail?
Denis: Y not? Might be fun!
Bob: And we'll be here to support u all the way, Your Highness!
Clair: You'd better be. Otherwise, I'll have your heads cut down!
Summary: Bob and Denis suggest to Claire replying to a spam email.
Dialogue: Peter: hey
Mollie: hello 
Peter: could you please tell me what I'm supposed to do for tomorrow classes? 
Mollie: sure 
Mollie: we have to read an article that we have on our email 
Mollie: and prepare a speech or presentation about this article 
Peter: but I can't see any article.. 
Mollie: are you connected with our team email? 
Peter: I don't think so 
Mollie: ok I will give you the password 
Mollie: it's ihateschool123
Peter: thx 
Mollie: no problem :) 
Summary: For tomorrow classes Mollie and Peter need to read an article that they have on their email and prepare a speech or presentation. Peter is not connected with the team email. Mollie gives Peter the password.
Dialogue: Theresa: Dylan, don't wait for me
Dylan: why, what's up?
Theresa: I need to stay with Granny a bit longer
Theresa: She doesn't feel well :(
Dylan: <file_gif>
Summary: Theresa's grandmother is not in the best shape. Theresa needs to stay with her and won't meet Dylan at a preestablished time.
Dialogue: Charlize: Hi Kerry, missed u @ the lectures 2day.
Charlize: Is everything OK?
Kerry: Hi Charlize, thanks 4 asking. I have the flu :/
Charlize: Oh, that's a real bummer.
Kerry: Yeah, I'm staying in bed :(
Charlize: So I take it u won't be @ Kevin's party this Sat?
Kerry: I highly doubt it. I got meds & the doc told me to rest.
Charlize: OK. I'll send u pics of my notes from 2day.
Charlize: Mr. Owen announced the midterm date- in 3 weeks time. So they may come in handy.
Kerry: Thank u so much! Midterms already?! I hope I'll manage 2 catch up with all the new contents.
Charlize: I'm sure u will. We're also organizing a study session @ my place the week before midterms.
Charlize: We can also stay @ the library longer during the week- they extended the opening hours.
Kerry: OK, that's great!
Charlize: But don't think about that now. Get better soon!
Kerry: Thanks Charlize. I owe u one!
Summary: Kerry has a flu and was not at the lectures today. She probably will not go to the Kevin's party on Saturday, as she takes medicines and the doctor told her to rest. Charlize will send Kerry pictures of her notes from today. The notes will be helpful, because midterms will be in 3 weeks time.
Dialogue: Polly: I want to redecorate my living room
Polly: Can I see your living rooms?
Polly: I'm looking for some inspirations
Susan: Mine is not really inspiring
Susan: But here are some pics
Susan: <photo_file>
Susan: <photo_file>
Susan: <photo_file>
Leah: It's not bad
Leah: Eclectic style but I see some cohesion
Susan: 😂
Leah: <photo_file>
Leah: As you can see I love minimalism 
Polly: Thank you girls <3
Summary: Polly's looking for an inspiration to redecorate the living room. Susan sent pictures of her eclectic living room. Leah shared a photo of her minimalistic interiors.
Dialogue: James: Mike, I am fucking tired after this trip.
Michael: Here the same. I am a zombie.
James: I don't think we will drink tonight, I think I'll just die in my bed.
Michael: LOL. No way I'll move anymore. 
James: Perfect. Let's meet tomorrow then.
Summary: Both James and Mike are tired after the trip. They agree to stay in and meet tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Elvis: I’m not doing it
Kire: Pleeaseeeee
Elvis: I will not host your friend for two weeks because she wants to see London!!
Kire: Cmon brother, I already promised her
Elvis: That’s your problem, shouldve asked me first
Kire: She’ll be so sad!!!
Summary: Elvis will not host Kire's friend for two weeks in London, even though Kire has promised her already.
Dialogue: Olivia: omg I just saw the news are u guys ok????
Tara: yes we're fine
Vinnie: my garden is destroyed but we're all fine
Olivia: omg THANK GOD I was so worried
Summary: Olivia just saw the news and was worried. Tara and Vinnie are fine but his garden is destroyed. 
Dialogue: Ella: Where are you?
John: downstairs
Ella: ok, stay at the door, I'm coming 
Summary: Ella is coming.
Dialogue: Danny: Too much drama today!
Rani: Now what...?
Danny: Whelp. Just everything hitting the fan.
Rani: Want to get a drink and tell me about it later?
Danny: Wish I could, but I need to run errands for the holiday after work.
Rani: Oh, too bad.
Danny: Besides, every place is packed tonight.
Rani: True! No fun that way.
Danny: I'll call you later?
Rani: Okay, perfect!
Summary: Everything's been going wrong for Danny today. Rani wanted to go get a drink with him, but he's too busy. He'll call her later.
Dialogue: Tommy: guess what :D
Tim: you're gay
Tim: is that it?
Tommy: missed
Tommy: I got a job!
Tommy: at the Grein Hotel
Tim: how can someone like you get a job in a hotel
Tim: oh, I see
Tim: you're gonna clean the floors, towels, bedshits and other shits, right?
Tommy: you jealous mother fucker
Tommy: it doesn't matter what
Tommy: I can finally earn some money and make ends meet
Tommy: but your brain is apparently too small to understand it
Tommy: you better get a job yourself
Tommy: maybe as a janitor at the scrapyard
Tommy: this is where I see you
Tim: fuck you
Tommy: and vice versa
Summary: Tommy got a job in Grein Hotel. Tim is surprised and responds in an ironic way. Tommy gets frustrated and insults Tim.
Dialogue: Lolita: High handsome send me a selfie!
Hugh: How old are you?
Lolita: 15 and you? 
Hugh: Too old for you. And you are too young to be flirting about on line. Get on with your school work.
Lolita: LOL OK Granddad.
Summary: Hugh doesn't want to send Lolita a selfie because she is too young.
Dialogue: Tim: how's Des?
Amanda: usuall
Amanda: sleeping and driving me crazy
Tim: he's lovely
Amanda: sure, when he's not awake
Amanda: then he's a devil in cat skinn
Tim: <lol>
Summary: Des is nice when he is asleep and annoying when he is awake.
Dialogue: Alex: Yow bro. Today I'm not cooking so grab something to eat else where
Cyril: Okay bro
Alex: Hope I have not caused any inconveniences.
Cyril: Okay sure.
Summary: Cyril will grab something to eat as Alex is not cooking today.
Dialogue: Howard: A friend of mine was in Romania last year and he said it was awesome
Howard: Like mountains everywhere
Howard: Everything was cheap and beautiful landscapes
Julie: Yes I heard about Romania
Julie: But I'm not sure if it's a good destination to go with 3 kids you know...
Julie: I prefer to stay in one place
Julie: But I'd love to see eastern Europe
Howard: Think about the Balkans
Howard: I was in Greece 5 years ago but the weather was awful
Howard: Should have chosen another season
Summary: Julie is looking for a kid-friendly holiday destination. Howard recommends Romania, Greece, and the Balkans in general.
Dialogue: Jason: Toxic main office now causing me problems!
Sally: Oh no!
Jason: They cost our office a 2.5 million relationship. I'm pissed. Just between us.
Sally: Well that was stupid! My lips are sealed.
Jason: The President is a moron.
Sally: Is he new?
Jason: They lost 7 employees from the main office since October. 35 years here. It's ridiculous.
Sally: Is he going through menopause or what?
Jason: LOL!
Summary: Jason's office lost a 2.5 million relationship and 7 employees since October.
Dialogue: Xavier: what scenario we will be doing next week?
Peter: not sure, we have at least 3 we can choose from
Peter: does it make a difference?
Xavier: not really but one of them should allow me to retire my char
Xavier: so I need to start thinking about what class to choose next
Peter: does your quest unlocks any new one?
Xavier: I think it does
Xavier: the "saw" one
Peter: that might be a good one for you
Xavier: not sure
Xavier: we need some firepower so unless it has crazy dps I'll need to choose something else
Peter: why not the berserker?
Xavier: that's the one I'm thinking about
Xavier: it might be tricky to keep him alive but I'm willing to give it a try
Peter: we still want to try all the classes
Peter: and you usually go for melee characters anyway
Peter: can't imagine a more melee character than the berserker
Xavier: maybe the brute
Xavier: but I already played that one
Xavier: so I guess this time it will be the berserker
Peter: we still need to retire your current character before that
Xavier: won't cry about it 
Xavier: the sunkeeper turned out to be pretty boring
Peter: it did help us with some of the scenarios
Xavier: sure but there was no excitement for me
Xavier: so now when I think about it we need to do the scenario that will allow me to retire!
Peter: sure we can always do that
Xavier: great! I will check the berserker deck and try to come up with a decent hand for next time
Summary: Xavier and Peter have at least 3 scenarios to choose from. Xavier wants to try the berserker. Xavier needs to retire his current character first.
Dialogue: Fran: Hi, how's work, got time for a little chat?
Ethan: Yeah, things pretty quiet today. How's it going?
Fran: Fine. Listen, Rob's out tonight, can I pop over. Karen's working, I assume?
Ethan: Yeah, as usual! What time were you thinking?
Fran: Round 7.30, ok?
Ethan: Yep, she leaves at 6, back 6am.
Fran: God, I can't wait! 
Ethan: Me neither.😘 See ya!
Summary: Fran and Ethan are meeting today at 7:30 at Ethan's. Karen is leaving at 6 for work and Rob's out tonight.
Dialogue: Lauren: Wanna hit the movies tonight?
Ellen: Can't tonight, babe
Lauren: OK
Summary: Ellen can't go to the movies tonight.
Dialogue: Damarcus: I hope this month we could earn more.
Cody: We will!!ヽ(´▽`)/
Damarcus: Now we’ve got more staffs and more orders compared to last month.
Cody: That’s what I am talking about.
Cody: We will keep this event going.😉😉
Cody: And also try to change the wallpaper this Monday.
Cody: We also sent some coupons to the customers. 
Cody: The atmosphere will be changed. Don’t worry☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
Cody: I am sure we will make much more than before.
Damarcus: Okay. Thanks. Please motivate our new staffs as well.
Cody: Of course. No worries. 
Summary: They have more staff and more orders than last month, so Damarcus hopes they can earn more. Cody is optimistic, since they have sent coupons to the customers and he is planning changes to improve the atmosphere.
Dialogue: Julie: Did they ring you?
Karen: No, what about? 
Julie: Someone rang in sick again .....can you work?
Karen: No I haven't got childcare....
Julie: That's a shame
Karen: I know...who are you going to work with then? 
Julie: No idea.  I expecti it will be someone who hasn't been here before
Karen: Who rang in sick? 
Julie: Maureen
Karen: No idea why she even works there. She's always off sick. Good luck
Julie: Thanks. I'll need it!!!
Summary: Karen can't work because she hasn't got childcare. Julie expects she will work with someone new. Maureen rang in sick again.
Dialogue: Jay: How'd go? 
Kristen: You mean the final? I didn't think it was horrible. You? 
Jay: Not great, that's all I know
Kristen: As long as you passed haha
Jay: Oh yeah hopefully. I just need 25% on that final to pass the class. 
Kristen: haha nice. Defo got above that
Jay: I feel sick after that
Kristen: Oh shoot. Do you still want to study together on Sunday for Econ?
Jay: Ye and Sure! ☺️ 
Kristen: Is it just just one more final for you too? 
Jay: Ye
Kristen: Nice! We got this! 
Jay: But I also have stuff to do for my online class. Hopefully I can finish everything today
Kristen: Yeah I haven't started studying either. I am an idiot
Jay: Lol no, you're not the only one. I think we're all screwed, but pretty sure we'll do alright
Kristen: I hope so. You think the library is open on Sunday? 
Jay: Of course it is open, everyday. 
Jay: Shorter hours only on Fridays and Sundays 
Kristen: I see. I'll see you on the second floor then! 
Jay: I'll catch ya later 
Summary: Kristen and Jay will study on Sunday for their economics final exam in the library. It is their last final. 
Dialogue: Kayah: I need to return your book
Kayah: I finnished it
Ola: ok did you like it?
Kayah: oh yes it was great!
Ola: so coffee on Thursday? we can talk about the book
Kayah: sounds great! see ya
Summary: Kayah and Ola will meet for a coffee on Thursday. Kayah will return Ola's book to her.
Dialogue: Lucienne: Did you hear that Lydia's husband killed himself?
Mile: Who is Lydia?
Caroline: That's horrible!
Caroline: The shy girl that was in our class in high school 
Caroline: Lydia Cabral
Mile: I remember her
Mile: Didn't know she was married
Lucienne: That's really shocking
Caroline: Poor girl, she must be devastated 
Summary: Lydia's husband committed a suicide. Lydia Cabral was a class mate in high school with Lucienne, Mile and Caroline.
Dialogue: Asha: I can't believe I made it!!
Marie: Me neither, great job!
Polly: Well done Asha!!
Summary: Marie and Polly congratulate Asha on her success.
Dialogue: Ben: hey peter
Ben: i'm changing my phone number
Ben: new number is 917-223-1211
Peter: thanks for letting me know
Peter: we should go out soon, haven't seen you in a while
Ben: hell yeah!
Summary: Ben has a new phone number.
Dialogue: Ang: Classic! <file_video>
Ken: OMG! I'm funny that way... LOL!
Ang: I know! So funny!
Ken: They don't make shows like this anymore!
Ang: No, they don't.
Ken: Some of the episodes are a bit old fashioned.
Ang: True. It was back in the day!
Ken: It was. Like this one: <file_video>
Ang: OMG. BAD!
Ken: Can you imagine that on the air now? They would get nailed!
Ang: Totally! But they didn't mean anything by it back then. Just the way it was.
Ken: Things have changed.
Ang: They have!
Ken: Mostly for the good.
Ang: Yes, still a long way to go.
Ken: True.
Ang: And it doesn't help with the guy in the White House being such a dick!
Ken: OMG, true!
Ang: Hopefully he's only one term, but you never know.
Ken: Canada is looking pretty good!
Summary: Ken and Ang watch old TV shows; they like some of it and dislike some old-fashioned episodes. They also do not like the current US President.
Dialogue: Pearl: The paint is over at my house :)
Derick: Would come at noon to see
Pearl: Would be waiting
Summary: The paint is over at Pearl's house. Derick will come at noon to see.
Dialogue: Mia: Wakey wakey
Ben: mmm
Mia: sleeping beauty
Mia: rise and shine
Ben: 5 more minutes
Mia: 5 more minutes?! it's noon :D I've been up and studying for four hours already :D
Ben: cause you're a psycho on Saturdays.........
Summary: Mia wakes Ben up at noon on Saturday. Ben wants to sleep 5 more minutes, whereas Mia has been up and studying for four hours already.
Dialogue: Harriet: Have you seen the new Harry Potter?
Rick: No, not yet. I have to catch up on the first part ...
Harriet: Let's see it together tonight!
Summary: Rick hasn't seen the new Harry Potter. Harriet wants to watch it with him tonight.
Dialogue: Megan: can you teach me to swim?
Phil: wow, you can't swim?
Megan: no..
Megan: i have never tried to..
Phil: have you ever been to swimming pool?
Phil: or lake or sea?
Megan: not really
Megan: my parents are fans of mountains
Megan: so i have never had an opportunity
Phil: okay, i understand
Phil: what would you like to learn?
Megan: don't know, just not to drown
Megan: for the beginning
Phil: i'm sure you will not drown
Phil: even babies can swim
Phil: it is in our genes
Megan: maybe not in mine?
Phil: don't worry :)
Megan: do you have time on Thursday?
Phil: yes, we could meet at 7
Megan: okay, see you :*
Summary: Megan can't swim. Phil will teach her at 7 on Thursday.
Dialogue: Alex: thanks for your wishes. A lot of change for us this new year, as Gil is going to Bruxelles.
Ania: i wanted to take more time to answer you, but u know how it is..busy as usual! So you're moving to Bruxelles? whaou
Alex: no we stay in Barcelona, Gil  will travel a lot, so we'll go only for holidays or some week ends
Ania: Is he still travelling to Warsaw?
Alex: yes sometimes, i let you know
Alex:<file_photo>
Ania: you look so beautiful . Is it the key of  the paradise in your hands? Where is it?
Alex: no it's the key of my parents that Gil took with  him in Bruxelles
Ania: too bad for your parents, did they manage without it?
Alex: we had to come back the next week end to bring it back
Ania: it make memories... lol
Summary: Alex is staying with Gil in Barcelona, but Gil is going to travel a lot, sometimes to Warsaw. 
Dialogue: Dean: hey you got a notice from the post office
Janos: oh yeah?
Janos: maybe my books are finally here
Janos: can u send me a pic? 
Dean: <file_photo>
Janos: thx!
Summary: Janos got a notice from the post office. Dean sends him a picture of it.
Dialogue: William: Chilling in Devon! 
Lilly: Have a nice day chilling!
Marisa: lucky you! the weather looks lovely! 
Beth: lovely picture!
Mark: i'm going to Devon next weekend!
Sam: should have taken me with you!
Summary: William is chilling in Devon. Mark is going there next weekend.
Dialogue: Judi: Kathy look!!!
Kathy: ??
Judi: <file_other>
Kathy: OMG OMG
Judi: right?
Kathy: OMGOMG
Kathy: how much
Judi: a lot... but my mum will lend us some money!!
Kathy: and we will finally see beyonce live!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Judi: yes, our queen and us in one place at the same time :D
Kathy: I am so excited I might just peed myself a little now
Judi: gross!!!
Kathy: i dont care
Judi: beyonce!!!!!!!!!!
Kathy: <3
Summary: Judi and Kathy want to go to a Beyonce concert. They are going to borrow money for the tickets from Judi's mom.
Dialogue: Inez: Where did you get those biscuit from? Anya will love them!
Erin: Waitrose I think
Inez: Cool thanks
Erin: No worries!
Summary: Erin got those biscuits from Waitrose.
Dialogue: Miranda: are we on for today? you ready?
Miranda: <file_gif>
Juliet: hell yeah! the dance floor will burn
Hayley: i am already preparing myself
Hayley: <file_other>
Hayley: check out this tune, i hope they play it today
Juliet: oh yeeee i will go wild on it!
Miranda: take it easy bitches :D
Miranda: you are starting to scare me haha
Hayley: <file_gif>
Juliet: hahah that's us after midnight
Juliet: FOREVER YOUNG haha
Summary: Miranda, Juliet and Hayley are having a party today.
Dialogue: Willow: sorry I can't come tonight, my brother got ill
Willow: and I need to stay with him 'cause parents need to go for a meeting
Ethan: Sorry to hear that, you'll be missed
Ethan: <file_gif>
Willow: I'll miss you too :(
Summary: Willow can't come tonight. She needs to stay in with her brother who got ill and their parents need to go to the meeting.
Dialogue: Lorna: Hi Rob, how are you?
Roger: Same as I was earlier, pissed off with work!
Lorna: Right, saw you being ushered into Sharon's lair! Everything Ok!
Roger: Not really, she's been on my back since that event in Basingstoke. Had another warning today about my "persistent lateness."
Lorna: Sorry to hear that, but you have been a bit late into the office recently.
Roger: Yeah, suppose so. I always underestimate the amout of time it'll take. The kids have been holy terrors too since Kim left.
Lorna: Have you told Sharon about all this?
Roger: Course! But she says it's my duty to be here on time everyday, whatever the circumstances.
Lorna: Could someone else take the kids some days?
Roger: No, not really, my sister lives in Scotland near Mum and Dad. Can't be expected to drive down from Stirling every morning!
Lorna: Rog, you've got to sort something out, you know what Sharon can be like!
Roger: Do I ever! I suppose I could get a child minder to sort the school runs, it would be a Godsend to get a good one!
Lorna: Actually, I can help you there, my cousin Chris is a child minder and she lives pretty near you. On Oak tree lane, in fact!
Roger: Wow, Lorna! That would help SO much!
Lorna: Tell you what, I'll ring her tonight and give her your mobile number, if that's OK.
Roger: Thanks Lorna, you're a lifesaver!
Summary: Roger cannot cope with the kids after Kim left him. Roger will hire a child minder to avoid being late to work. Lorna will call her cousin Chris to ask if she can work for Roger.
Dialogue: Brennan: hey Zackattack!
Zack: you know i hate that nickname -_-
Brennan: why d'ya think i call you that? ;)
Zack: fine then... Brennyboo...
Brennan: Brennyboo? that's just cruel man 
Zack: did you want something??
Brennan: yeah, whats going on with Tyler? he's been ghosting me since our last date - what did i do? get lettuce stuck in my teeth? run over his pet gerbil?
Zack: weird - he said the date was great
Brennan: huh... well he's definitely been ignoring my texts and calls and i know he's read my emails... :(
Zack: hey - don't beat yourself up about it! Tyler's probably just got caught up in one of his projects and forgotten to answr
Brennan: yeah... i hope so :/
Brennan: are you sure he didn't tell you anything? i mean, you *are* roommates
Zack: By roommates remember that we have totally different schedules, so usually when I'm leaving he's just coming back and vice versa 
Zack: i barely see him on the weekends as it is what with work and everything
Brennan: right :/ thnks Zack
Zack: Want me to talk to him? 
Brennan: nah, im good thnx - i just wish he'ld let me know whats goin on :(
Summary: Tyler has been ignoring Brennan since their last date. Tyler's roommate Zack finds it weird because Tyler told him the date was great. Zack and Tyler don't see each other too often due to their different schedules. 
Dialogue: Hailee: Hello walker. Where were you during class time?
Walker: I was not feeling well. I had to go to the hospital.
Hailee: Sorry about that. Hope you get well soon
Walker: Thanks.
Summary: Walker was in hospital during class time.
Dialogue: Jake: Glad to hear that.
Mike: So am I. 
Jake: Thanks again for the money. I'll really pay you back.
Mike: I don't doubt that.
Jake: I hope so. Just feel bad that I have to borrow money.
Mike: No need. And stop thanking me, 'cause I'll start feeling weird about it.
Summary: Jake promises to pay Mike back.
Dialogue: Ann: Are you better?
Sandra: Not really :-( Still terrible cough and fever.
Ann: Have you been to the doctor?
Sandra: Yes. I have all the meds that he prescribed. Guess they need some time to start working.
Ann: Poor you :-( Take care!
Sandra: Thanks.
Summary: Sandra is sick and is taking the medication prescribed by the doctor.
Dialogue: Grace: Mike where the fuck are you?!!!
Mike: Sorry, I got stuck in traffic!
Grace: Why didn't u say anything?! I kept waiting in the rain like a moron!
Mike: Sorry, I lost track of time
Grace: You always loose track of time, I'm so fed up with it!
Summary: Mike is late because of traffic. Grace has been waiting for him in the rain.
Dialogue: Jim: Guys, I'm going to this party tonight, are you going too?
David: Will's party?
Jim: yup
Alice: I would like to, but if you take a car, without a car it doesn't make sense for me
Jim: I see
Alice: I just live too far and there are no buses after 10
Jim: ok, so I'll take a car and pick you both up
Jim: if you want to go, David
David: sure!
Summary: Jim will take a car and pick Alice and David up and they'll go to Will's party.
Dialogue: Ava: Is it a holiday tomorrow in college??
jordon: Why??
Ava: The roads are blocked ... there had been an accident on the national highway??
jordon: I dont know.. No news yet..
Summary: The roads are blocked. Ava and jordon don't yet know why.
Dialogue: Ian: Hi Gus! Are you free tonight?
Gus: Yes, why? 
Ian: I have two free tickets to the cinema.
Gus: For what movie?
Ian: I don't remeber the title, it's something about climbing.
Gus: Meru? Really? Where do you get these tickets? 
Ian: Do you know this movie?
Gus: Of course! It's the best movie about climbing ever!
Ian: Ok, so let's meet about 8 pm at Clyde's pub ok?
Gus: Ok, I'll be for sure! Sould I bring antyhing?
Ian: No. I have everything we will need.
Gus: Great! See ya...
Summary: Ian has two free tickets for "Meru". Gus considers it to be the best movie about climbing. Ian and Gus will meet at Clyde's pub at 8 PM.
Dialogue: Bob: I don't think we should see each other anymore
Ann: wtf?
Bob: joking just wanted to let you know that my mum invited you to dinner tonight
Ann: you fucker
Bob: <3
Ann: fake breaking up with me on Christmas Eve
Bob: :*
Ann: I'll be there.
Summary: Bob's mum invited Ann to dinner on Christmas Eve. 
Dialogue: Nelly: Beer after work?
Nina: Can't, not tonight. 
Nelly: Romantic evening?
Nina: Very!
Nina: Tom's parents are coming to town for the weekend next week and I need to clean the appartment. 
Nelly: Next weekend? You've got pleanty of time! Come with me tonight!
Nina: The appart is a total mess... 
Nina: You can pop around and help me :P
Nelly: Can I bring beer?
Nina: yes, but not too much... The place needs a real good clean :(
Nelly: Damn. OK. But only 4 u, girl!
Nina: You're the best!!! 
Summary: Nina will be cleaning up her apartment before Tom's parents arrival. They are coming for the weekend next week. Nelly will pop in to Nina's for a beer.
Dialogue: Jack: you look really good
Irene: you like it?
Jack: damn, i do
Jack: show me
Irene: now?
Jack: yeah now
Jack: i want to know what you're wearing
Irene: <file_photo>
Jack: wow you cute
Irene: thanks <3
Jack: you there alone?
Irene: no, with colleagues, it's a work thing
Jack: i'm jealous
Jack: would come over?
Irene: tonight? idk...
Jack: <file_photo>
Irene: mm, i just might ;) <3
Summary: Jack likes how Irene looks. Irene sends a photo of herself to Jack. Irene is with her coworkers right now. Irene and Jack will meet tonight.
Dialogue: SweetyMalongo: hi lover
Nigel: As far as I remember, I don't know you. Why are you contacting me?
SweetyMalongo: u marrid?
Nigel: Yes I am. Married to an angel from heaven.
SweetyMalongo: okk. bye.
Summary: SweetyMalongo asked Nigel if he is married. Nigel replied that he is, to an angel, after which SweetyMalongo left.
Dialogue: Peter: go down to play
Joe: to what?
Peter: football
Joe: it bores me
Peter: 😤
Summary: Joe doesn't want to join Peter for football as it bores him.
Dialogue: Tony: Where the hell are you?
Ted: Got stuck in a jam near Croydon.
Tony: Can't wait any longer! My train is due in 20 mins.
Ted: Can't do anything about it.
Tony: Damn it!!
Ted: Sorry mate.
Summary: Ted got stuck near Croydon. Tony can't wait as his train leaves in 20 mins.
Dialogue: Katie: hey Shawn congratulations!!
Shawn: thanks Katie
Katie: how it happened all of a sudden...
Shawn: hmm not all of a sudden..me and Sharon are together for 5 years now, we just decided to tie a knot.
Katie: thats nice very happy for you guys God bless.
Shawn: thanks. you have to come please.
Katie: why should i come you never told me you were getting married..
Shawn: i sent you invitation card girl and believe me its so busy i have not called anyone
Katie: i did not get any card, Teddy told me you guys are getting married so i thought to send you my good wishes.
Shawn: thats so nice of you but i sent you the card, if you didnt receive it i will send you picture of it here till you get it in your hands and please save the date
Katie: its ok no need i will come anyone dont worry 
Shawn: <file:jpg>
Katie: beautiful card i would try to be there may God bless you guys.
Shawn: thanks.
Summary: Shawn is getting married with his girlfriend. They are 5 years together. He sent an invitation to Katie. Katie didn't receive the card. Teddy told her the news. Katie will come to their wedding.
Dialogue: Alex: Round two tomorrow for sunset at hermossa ?
Ben: <file_gif>
Luke: Isis and I will come too. We'll have our own car
Anna: woooo!
Victor: yeah!
Owen: I’m up for it
Alex: Surf camp 4pm, whoever needs a ride
Summary: Alex, Ben, Luke, Isis, Anna, Victor and Owen are going to see the sunset at Hermossa tomorrow. Luke and Isis will take their own car. Alex offers a ride from the surf camp at 4 PM.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi Tom, did you hear the news? 
Tom: No, what happened? 
Bill: We had a problem at school today.
Tom: You always have problems at school:-)?
Bill: Oh c’mon, this time it was serious. 
Tom: OK, what now?
Bill: Someone cut the tires.
Tom: What tires?
Bill: The tires on the cars.
Tom: Students’ or teacher’s?
Bill: Both :-)
Tom: Where were the cars?
Bill: They were in the parking lot, as always.
Tom: How many tires did they cut?
Bill: One or two tires were cut on each car, my math teacher got all four cut.
Tom: I’m sure he must’ve been really pissed off...
Bill: He went crazy, I tell you. He only bought new tires last month!
Tom: How many cars in total?
Bill: Eleven cars.
Tom: That's terrible. I hope they catch the person.
Bill: They already have. It was one of the last year students who failed  finals. He wanted to take revenge.
Tom: Yeah, he eventually did ;-)) On himself.
Summary: There was a problem at Bill's school concerning cut tires on students' and teachers' cars standing in the parking lot.  A student who failed finals, took revenge cutting tires on 11 cars, including all four on math teacher's car. They already caught him.  
