Dialogue: Niki: Guess what
Jeanna: Hmmm? ;p
Niki: Angel has a boyfriend
Jeanna: No wayyyyy!!! She looks like an elephant!!!
Niki: I know, she’s the most disgusting person I ever seen, the day she eats…
Jeanna: And WHEN she eats!
Niki: I know, during the class, in front of the teacher
Jeanna: It’s not the worst thing… How does he cope with the smell??!!!
Niki: I have no fucking idea :D
Jeanna: Maybe he’s as disgusting as her
Niki: Nobody knows it, she told a few people and then they heard them talking at the phone
Jeanna: It’s ridiculous!
Niki: YES it is xD
Jeanna: He must be as pathetic as hear, no other option
Niki: We’ll see, she will surely bring him here for everyone to see ;D
Jeanna: Yea, that would be typical for her ;p
Summary: To everyone's surprise, Angel has a boyfriend. 
Dialogue: Ben: Can u send me uncle Joe's number? 
Adam: Sure. What do you need it for?
Ben: My car broke down and he's an expert.
Adam: Or so he says :P Wait, I need to ask Dad, I don't have uncle Joe's number either.
Ben: OK, there's no rush, I borrowed Rosie's car for today.
Summary: Ben's car broke down and he needs to contact uncle Joe, who's an expert in cars. Adam needs to ask Dad for uncle Joe's number. For today, Ben borrowed Rosie's car. 
Dialogue: Simon: I've booked a table for 8
Carl: Thank you - was it hard to get in?
Simon: No it was surprisingly easy, even though I left it a bit last minutish.
Carl: Well at least it's all sorted now - finally!
Simon: It will be worth the wait! You'll see! 
Carl: OK, what time will you be in town for?
Simon: Be there for just after 7 - going to the Cricketers first
Carl: OK, see you there!
Summary: Simon has booked a table for 8. It was easy. Simon will be in town after 7 and will go to Cricketers first.
Dialogue: Constance: hello guys. I've created this group in connection with prof. Times, who, as we all know, is very often unfair towards many of us. I spoke to some of you, I also spoke to the authorities at the univeristy and the suggestion is to prepare the piece of writing, at the end of which all of you, including me, will lieave the signature. Please, confirm the reception of this message and your willingness to sign the above-mentioned writing. kisses
Freddie: I'm in. No person will ever treat me like he did
Erica: me too
Dorothy: yes!!!!!
Lena: I wana sign it too
Summary: Constance, Freddie, Erica, Dorothy and Lena agree that professor Times has been unfair towards his students and treats them badly. They are going to prepare and sign a document against him.
Dialogue: Cate: Hey
Cate: I heard you called off your semester due to lack of fees
Ivy: Hey
Ivy: Yeah but i am appealing my case to the school
Cate: All the best.
Ivy: Thanks.
Summary: Ivy called her semester off because of the lack of fees.
Dialogue: Gianna: What movie would be playing in Cinema this weekend? 
Thomas: Idk, 
Gianna: Can you check on the internet?
Thomas: I cant use tight now?
Gianna: What hpnd?
Thomas: I am out of the house
Gianna: Can you ask Ethan to check and tell?
Thomas: I dont have his number :/
Gianna: Wait let me send you
Thomas: Why dont you tet him by yourself?
Gianna: Coz I dont want him to have mine
Thomas: Then Why are you having has?
Gianna: :P
Summary: Gianna will send Thomas Ethan's number.
Dialogue: Mark: Returning to our last discussion, do you like French cuisine?
Josh: Well, I don’t know actually…
Mark: If you’re one of those people who doesn’t like to eat because “there’s more to life than food”, you should definitely visit Paris 😊
Josh: I guess I’m that kind of person 😉 Actually, I’m a great fan of sports and you know it very well
Mark: I’ve been to Paris two times and I loved exploring combinations of wines and cheeses. Besides, according to the traditional French cuisine, butter plays a central part in French dishes
Summary: Mark has been to Paris twice and liked combinations of wine and cheese. Josh doesn't like food very much, he's a great fan of sports. 
Dialogue: Fred: Do you guys like The Young Pope?
Tom: It's cool, but overall I prefer HoC
Chris: I like TYP more
Tom: Well, there's only been one season so far
Fred: I also like it a lot. But House of Cards is cool too. Anyway do you remember that famous opening sequence in one of the episodes?
Chris: All along the watchtower?
Tom: Yep, it's cool
Chris: Kinda weird reindition of the song though
Fred: Yep, that one. I think it's one of the best opening scenes ever
Tom: Yeah, it was one of the best things on that show :)
Fred: But you know what? I still prefer the original song by Hendrix
Tom: The original wasn't by Hendrix! :D
Chris: Well, Fred's got a point, Hendrix's version is the best one, Dylan's original song wasn't that good in comparison
Tom: I know people who only listen to Dylan's version
Chris: Their bad :D :P
Fred: Indeed!
Summary: Fred likes The Young Pope and House of Cards. Tom prefers House of Cards, while Chris likes The Young Pope more. Fred and Chris agree that the best version of All Along the Watchtower was recorded by Jimi Hendrix.
Dialogue: Samantha: I think I'm in love in my boss
Barbie: Crap
Iris: Tom?? Really??
Samantha: Yes...
Barbie: What are you going to do about it?
Samantha: I tried to kill these feelings inside me
Samantha: But I failed
Samantha: They are stronger and stronger
Iris: Tom has a wife and two kids. 
Iris: He seems to have a happy family life
Samantha: I know
Samantha: But it doesn't help
Barbie: So what are you going to do?
Samantha: I don't know
Samantha: I fantasise about him day and night 
Barbie: This is just fantasy
Barbie: It's all in your head
Barbie: You know that, right?
Samantha: I guess. It's stronger than me. 
Summary: Samantha is in love with her boss, Tom. He has a wife and two kids.
Dialogue: Greta: hi Martin :)
Greta: can you tell me what do we have to do for our chem classes?
Martin: hi
Martin: we just have to prepare an experiment
Greta: what kind of?
Martin: just anything
Greta: can i do the thing with spring in coke?
Martin: like what?
Greta: i will put one spring ino the coke
Greta: another into the water
Greta: and maybe third into oil
Martin: wow
Martin: great idea!
Summary: Greta's and Martin's assignment for chem class is preparing an experiment.
Dialogue: Dirk: Hey Molly, just wanted to tell you that I heard a commercial on 680 about disability claims (if they're denied). You can try Aaron Waxman law firm.
Molly: Hey. I didn't file yet for disability as I'm not applicable for short, cause I get weekly allowance from my insurance.
Dirk: Ok, no problem. I just gave you the info so you have it just in case it's denied.
Molly: Thank you for thinking of me.
Dirk: :) In the commercial, they say they don't take any fees until you get paid.
Molly: That's up my alley!! LOL I wouldn't have the money for it. My lawyer works that way too. So I will see if I can get my loss of wages back.
Dirk: Yeah, that's good. Anyways, keep me informed.
Molly: Ok, no problem. This credit card debt is running a bit high.
Dirk: Take care, it'll be good, don't worry.
Molly: I know. I have to stay strong :)
Dirk: Just take it one day at a time. Do you know when you can get back to work?
Molly: No idea, the pain is still too much.
Dirk: Ok, just try not to worry. Talk to you later
Molly: Thanks, take care
Summary: Aaron Waxman is a law firm working on denied disability claims. Molly hasn't filed her claim yet as she is still paid from the insurance. She's not going back to work yet.
Dialogue: Simone: how are you doing?
Jared: not good
Mason: I'm fine
Mason: what happened Jared?
Jared: I think I really hate my job, I can't stand it any more
Mason: I know, we've seen it coming
Jared: really? how?
Mason: you've been complaining about it for months now
Mason: I think you should do something about it finally
Jared: Yes, I should
Alex: And not just let them tell you again it's going to be better soon
Summary: Jared has been complaining about his job for long time.
Dialogue: Corin: Did you hear about the outing tonight?
Ersin: No. I was on sick leave for a few days.
Corin: I've noticed, that's why I'm asking :)
Ersin: That's nice of you.
Ersin: So what is it about?
Corin: It's Rose's birthday and we are going to a pub to celebrate. 
Ersin: We? 
Corin: Everyone is coming, the whole team.
Corin: You must have got the email invite as well. 
Ersin: I see. That's nice.
Ersin: But I'm still not feeling very well.
Ersin: So i dont's know.
Corin: It's a good opportunity to integrate with the team...
Ersin: I know.
Ersin: What time do you meet?
Corin: We are going straight after work. You're party of the team now:)
Ersin: Yes. I didn't mean to separate myself or anything. I just need some time to get used to the situation.
Corin: I understand. You don't have to stay long at the pub. 
Ersin: Okey, I'll come. And if I don't feel well, I'll go home. 
Corin: Fantastic! 
Ersin: I hope it'll be! ;) 
Summary: Ersin has been sick and hasn't heard about Rose's birthday party after work tonight. The entire team is coming so Corin insists that he be there too. Ersin might leave early if he's unwell.
Dialogue: Robert: have you ever had feta cheese?
Kelly: yes! i love it!
Robert: i just had it for the first time
Robert: and i disagree :-/
Robert: and so does my stomach!!!
Kelly: lol, hahaha, feta cheese is not for everyone
Robert: definitely not for me :-(
Summary: Robert is feeling unwell after trying feta cheese for the first time.
Dialogue: Cindy: Have you finished reading "Moby Dick"?
Dora: Last chapter. 
Kathleen: Yep, why do you ask?
Cindy: Do you feel like explaining the second half of the book to me?
Dora: Why? Haven't you read it?
Cindy: I actually finished reading it several days ago, but I just don't get it and there's the test on Wednesday.
Kathleen: What do you wanna know?
Cindy: Basically everything... it's just not my kind of thing.
Kathleen: I can explain how I understand it tomorrow after class if that's ok for you.
Cindy: Totally. Thanks so much ;*
Summary: Kathleen will explain Moby Dick to Cindy tomorrow. They have the test on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Cindy: how big's your laptop?
John: you mean the screen size?
John: i think 17''?
Cindy: ok, is it heavy?
John: it's all right
Cindy: ok, but how much it weigh? I remember it to be pretty heavy
John: I don't remember but a bit more than 2 kg? maybe 3
John: why? are you buying a new laptop? ;)
Cindy: I'm trying to :D I want something light, powerful and cheap
John: good luck with that
John: Don't buy Lenovo
Cindy: why not? don't you like it?
John: Hm, it's all right, but I wouldn't buy it again, I think you have better options now
Cindy: I was thinking about Asus Zenbook, but it's crazy expensive
John: Go with something less... hipster and I bet you'll find something more affordable
Cindy: thanks!
Summary: Cindy wants to buy a new laptop. John told her not to buy Lenovo. Cindy was thinking about Asus Zenbook.
Dialogue: Carly: Molly dog has settled in.. no problem in the night.. she slept downstairs Luna slept upstairs.. Dee came over earlier and noticed how much quieter Luna was so that's good she's got her mate to play with now.. Molly is quite submissive poor thing.. Luna likes to chase her lol
Rob: it sounds like the girls are going to get on really well and Luna will love having a playmate xxx
Carly: What's the weather like it's still horrid here.. no rain and warm but bloody windy.. Lennon and his gf doing a car boot tomorrow and I've cleared out my wardrobe and shoes to sell so I'm hoping they don't bring them back wet lol
Rob: They look very settled 😊 we've had spots of rain and it's really windy here too xxx
Carly: she us a good dog really quiet and happy settled in well. I've prepped Lennon s new gf for weekend dog sitting when i come to visit you xx
Summary: Carly and Rob talk about the dogs, Molly and Luna. They also talk about the weather. Lennon and his girlfriend are doing a car boot tomorrow. Carly will visit Rob.
Dialogue: Oscar: Hi, Martin. Do you remember me from Hemel School?
Oscar: Do you remember the time we all went to Hitchin Priory for the 6th Form induction and we all got completely legless?
Martin: Hello, Oscar. Yes I do remember you, just about. That was an incident I don't think I could ever forget.
Oscar: Yeah, what I remember most is how you probably saved that other kid's life by making him eat raw eggs to vomit back up the whole bottle of vodka he drank.
Martin: Yeah. John Griffiths, that was.
Oscar: And you got punished for it anyway, the same as all of us. A week of detentions and clearing the school roof.
Martin: True, but I suppose they had to get the lot of us. His mother sent a nice letter to my mum, tho'.
Martin: Anyway, what are you doing these days?
Oscar: I have been in Poland for 27 years, doing business.
Martin: Nice. Mostly you get people coming the other way. What's it like out there?
Oscar: It's perfectly OK, I like it. 
Martin: OK, must dash, we'll catch up more later. Glad you found me on FB.
Summary: Oscar and Martin reminisce about the situation at Hemel School when they all get drunk and Oscar probably saved John Griffiths' life. They all got punished for the situation. Over the last 27 years Oscar's been doing businesses in Poland.
Dialogue: Edyta: I really like those new candles from IKEA
Krisa: What smell? 
Edyta: Bounty smell
Edyta: Got them at Blue City 
Edyta: The newly opened IKEA
Krisa: Wow
Krisa: Havent been there
Edyta: The smell wont go away! I love it!
Jannie: Wow I should get some then
Summary: Edyta loves the IKEA candles she bought in Blue City and Jannie wants to come too.
Dialogue: Matt: Hey hows your SAS course going?
Aidan: fine
Aidan: just very intense
Matt: do you recommend it
Aidan: yeah 
Aidan: I guess
Matt: sounld I sign up for it
Aidan: in all honesty
Aidan: since it's free it's ok
Aidan: but if I had to pay for it....
Matt: ok gotcha
Summary: The SAS course that Aidan is doing is okay but very intense. Aidan thinks it's acceptable as it's free but he wouldn't pay for it.
Dialogue: Tim: im sorry
Jim: for what?
Tim: you'll see when you get home
Jim: o fuck
Summary: Jim will see at home what Tim is sorry for. 
Dialogue: Trina: Lunch at 13?
Ronnie: Sure, I'm already hungry :)
Trina: great, see u soon!
Ronnie: see u!
Summary: Trina and Ronnie are going to eat lunch together at 13 o'clock.
Dialogue: Isla: Oscar, I can't any more, I have too much work.
Oscar: What's the problem?
Isla: I won't finish it before Tuesday.
Oscar: C'mon, it's not a big thing
Isla: It seems so to you, but it's not so easy, I am also not super good with photoshop 
Oscar: Do you need help?
Isla: That would be great!
Oscar: Where are you?
Isla: At the library but I'll go home soon.
Oscar: Should I help you from home or you prefer that I come to your place?
Isla: I think you should look at the thing with me.
Oscar: Ok, but I won't be free before 7pm
Isla: That's good, we can have dinner together.
Oscar: in town?
Isla: I can cook pasta, if you like it?
Oscar: Perfect!
Isla: You're amazing, thanks a lot
Oscar: nothing! I'll be happy to help.
Isla: Ok, let me know when you're on the way, I'll start cooking pasta.
Oscar: ok!
Summary: Isla has a problem with work. Oscar is free at 7pm and will come to Isla and help her. Isla will cook pasta.
Dialogue: Cath: What time is the party tomorrow? I've lost the invitation, sorry!
Mariah: Hi Cathy, it's at 2pm at Sir Bouncealot Soft Play.
Cath: Fine, thanks. Where is the place, is it in the enterprise park?
Mariah: You've got it, next to the Garden Centre, opposite the dry cleaners.
Cath: Right, yes, I know where it is. Any thoughts on presents for little Kia?
Mariah: It's Keela actually, just so you spell it right on the card, she's not a small car!
Cath: I'm aware of that, just a mistake! Does she like those horsey figures, Ruby is mad keen at the moment.
Mariah: No, sorry. Unicorns only, with rainbows AND glitter. She's been very specific!
Cath: OK, bit worried about not getting one in time. 
Mariah: Well, there's a toy shop in Camarthen that does a fantastic range of unicorns, top quality, all under £50 too! You can just pop in before the party, job done!
Cath: Right, hmmm Camarthen is quite a way away, especially on a Saturday morning.
Mariah: Well, you could always have connected me earlier, I sent the invitations out 2 weeks ago and you have my messenger, phone and email.
Cath: Yes, I'll see what I can do!
Mariah: Don't forgot the unicorn costume for Ruby too, glitter and rainbows on it, naturally. 
Cath: Right, got to go now, I think I can hear Ruby being sick! Bye!
Summary: Cath is going to a party tomorrow. She has lost the invitation. The party is at 2pm at Sir Bouncealot Soft Play, next to the Garden Centre, opposite the dry cleaner's. Keela's name is not spelt "Kia". Keela likes unicorns with rainbows and glitter. Maria sent invitations 2 weeks ago. 
Dialogue: Victoria: Mama can I borrow your red trench coat tonight?
Mama: I suppose you can.
Victoria: Thank you. Love you!
Mama: And take the red gloves too if you want. They're in the drawer on the left.
Victoria: Ta!
Summary: Victoria can borrow Mama's red trench coat and red gloves.
Dialogue: Nicole: Dinner's ready, where are you?
Matt: Sorry, got delayed.
Matt: I'm coming, though.
Nicole: OK, drive safe!
Summary: Matt is driving over for dinner with Nicole but he will be late.
Dialogue: Hunter: ok, now I'm a bit better
Hunter: finally.....
Hunter: and u?
Rowan: Not feeling well..... still 😕
Peter: TERRIBLE
Hunter: hahah
Peter: I'LL NEVER DRINK VODKA AGAIN
Hunter: 😂
Summary: Hunter is a bit better now, but Rowan and Peter still don't feel well after drinking vodka.
Dialogue: Lexie: Hi!
Nancy: Hey, Lexie :*
Lexie: Have you got Mary's invitation on you?
Nancy: Yeah, why? I forgot mine and I wanna check sth
Lexie: <file_photo>
Nancy: Thanks
Lexie: no problem
Summary: Nancy is sending over Mary's invitation to Lexie as she needs to check something. 
Dialogue: Michael: i'm at a party and i don't know anyone
Michael: i'm just standing in a corner pretending i'm having a great text conversation
Michael: even when you're not responding
Michael: at least this will get me out of talking to people
Michael: i hate being so shy
Kelly: hey, just saw these, hope you had a great time!
Summary: Michael is texting Kelly pretending he's having a great conversation with her to actually escape from people talking to him as he's a shy person.
Dialogue: Jeffery: I got my salary raised from this month!(^O^)／(^O^)／
Faris: HOOOOOORAAAAYYY!!! congratulations! @>‑‑>‑‑@>‑‑>‑‑@>‑‑>‑‑@>‑‑>‑‑
Faris: I know you would! m9(^Д^)m9(^Д^)
Jeffery: Thank you honey!!!!! Let’s throw a big party!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Faris: I will buy some cake then11111 (*^3^)/~☆
Faris: party night! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Summary: Jeffery got a raise from this month. Jeffery will throw a big party for this occasion and Faris will buy a cake.
Dialogue: Madeline: Hey do you have keys for the office?
Greg: Noo, Kevin has it. But we're still out.
Madeline: Ah ok. It's just I'm unsure if I turned off the electric heater....though when you say to Kevin he will say "noooo....fuck off" because this has happened before...
Greg: Haha. I can see his face when I say that to him lol.
Madeline: Ok. I will get them from Kevin at some point over the weekend. I can't tomorrow as I'm in Dublin. Will have to wait until Sunday
Summary: Madeline is not sure if she turned off the electric heater in the office. Kevin has the key to the office, but he and Greg are still out. Tomorrow Madeline is in Dublin, but she intends to get the keys from Kevin over the weekend, probably Sunday. 
Dialogue: Stu: Hey, did you see Annie today?
Mike: No I didn't, why?
Stu: She dyed her hair blue :O
Mike: Really?
Stu: Yeah
Mike: A least it's no longer purple
Stu: I must said I preferred her old color
Mike: Hah, ok
Stu: But hey, she's hot anyway
Mike: Yeah, cute anarchist chick XD
Stu: Lol
Mike: What about her friend... Liz, right?
Stu: Yes, Liz. "What about her" what?
Mike: Well, is she fine? Did she change her looks too?
Stu: Nope, she's still a pretty girl with green hair XD
Mike: Ok XD
Summary: Mike has not seen Annie today, so Stu informs him that Annie has died her hair blue. Stu preferred her previous purple hair. For Mike Annie is a cute anarchist chick. Her pretty friend Liz still has the same green hair.
Dialogue: Tom: What's the homework for tomorrow?
Amanda: Which class?
Tom: English
Amanda: Let me check
Patrick: p. 66 ex 7&8
Amanda: There's also an essay
Patrick: But it's due next week
Amanda: True. 
Summary: English homework for tomorrow for Tom, Amanda and Patrick is ex 7&8 p.66. They also have to write an essay for next week.
Dialogue: Lindsay: can I take your car?
Dad: why? 
Lindsay: I want go to the town 
Dad: alone? 
Lindsay: of course 
Dad: I don't believe you 
Lindsay: that's your problem 
Summary: Lindsay wants to take her dad's car to go to town. He doesn't believe that she will be alone.
Dialogue: Pauline: Hi Charlotte hope u r feeling better today... did you get to the docs in the end?
Charlotte: Hiya yes I manged to get an appointment for Friday morning, hopefully they will manage to get me looked at by the hospital xxx
Pauline: thats good then, are you seeing Dr Janner? xx
Charlotte: not sure who I am booked with, they did say I may have to wait for a while, but as long as I get looked at I dont care lol xxx
Pauline: I know how you feel, some times it takes so long you are just desperate to be seen by anyone... even the receptionist with an aspirin would do lol xxx
Charlotte: Shall I pop over for a cuppa when I get out of the docs?  U can show me that pattern you were talking about xxx
Summary: Charlotte has a doctor's appointment on Friday morning. She's not sure which doctor will look at her.
Dialogue: Fisher: What's the plan for tonight. ?
Zuri: Staying  at home. And studying. U?
Fisher: Ok good haha. I'm also at home
Summary: Zuri and Fisher are staying home and studying tonight.
Dialogue: Kit: Back. Sry.
Amanda: NVM! Gossip! Now!
Kit: Fine ;) ur needy ;)
Gale: Kit! Pls!
Kit: You know Jake, the freshman?
Amanda: Which one is it?
Gale: Tall, broad shoulders, nice lips, deep, blue eyes, veeery handsome
Amanda: Oh! That one! Half the school is in luv with him!
Kit: Ik! And have gossip about him! A little bird told me he's got a sweetheart ;)
Summary: Half the school is in love with Jake.
